1.00 H
Page 12
“If we can’t find anywhere better we’ll camp here. But for now—let’s continue.”
The adventurers formed up again and moved onwards, a bit faster now that they knew what might lie ahead. A tomb, or perhaps a treasury for the dead. It made their hearts beat a little faster, their feet move a little quicker.
Ceria was just about to ask Yvlon more about Ryoka and what she had been told about the girl when someone exclaimed up ahead. She and Yvlon pushed forwards again and found a split in their path.
“What’s this? A split in the road? Which way did the scouts go?”
Gerald growled while Calruz squatted on the ground and looked around for a sign.
“No markings on the walls. Why didn’t they double back and warn us?”
Yvlon frowned as Cervial and Lir both pushed their way forwards.
“That is odd. Should we send a spell to contact them? Lir, you said your group used a short-distance communication spell, right?”
Lir nodded. He raised his glowing staff.
“I will talk with them. One mom—hold on, what’s this?”
The glowing bright-blue light from his staff had illuminated something further down the corridor. Lir pointed, and walked over to something on the ground while the other captains followed him.
“It’s quite large—a bag?”
It was indeed a bag, or rather, a large, bulky sack sitting on the ground. It wasn’t alone. Ceria could see a few more objects lying on the floor, although the light didn’t illuminate them.
“Careful Lir. It could be a trap.”
“Hm. [Detect Magic]. Nothing.”
Cautiously, Lir poked the bag with the tip of his staff. He moved the sides a bit and something spilled out. Lir swung the tip of his staff down and his eyes widened.
“Gold? Gold?”
It was indeed gold. As the other adventurers exclaimed, Lir carefully picked up the piece of gold and stared at it.
“It’s not money obviously. But what is it? It looks—like part of something else. A broken piece of gold from a wall or—or statue or something.”
Gerald frowned.
“Is there more inside?”
Cautiously, an adventurer opened the bag and exclaimed in amazement.
“More gold! And jewels! Gods, it’s a small fortune!”
Several other adventurers clustered around instantly, but Cervial pushed them back. He bent and picked up a small ruby, staring hard at it.
“This is strange.”
“What is?”
He showed the gem to Yvlon and the others. Ceria could see it glowing in the light. It was clearly high-quality, but there was something off about it.
“Look at the sides. Stone. It was attached to something. A wall perhaps, or some kind of art…?”
“You’re saying this is from some other part of the building. Looted by an adventurer…?”
“Must be. And these other…yes, these are all bags full of loot! Abandoned. Why?”
“Something got them. Or—scared them enough that they dropped everything and ran.”
“But no one ever made it down to the second floor and returned.”
The adventurers were silent. Ceria felt the slight pricking of unease in her stomach.
Strangely, it was Olesm who spoke in the silence. He looked around in the darkness, eyes flicking around him.
“Those scouts. They never reported the split in the tunnel. And they would have come back. Where did they go?”
Yvlon opened her mouth, and then her eyes widened. A third of the adventurers in the room jerked or grabbed at their weapons. Ceria had felt it too.
Ceria and Yvlon exchanged a look.
“My [Dangersense]—”
“Ambush!”
That was the only warning they had. Something shrieked off in the distance, and then the walls around them slid open, and the dead poured out.
 

