1.00 H
Page 6
“He’s a [Tactician], not a warrior Gerald. A Level 24. He came to us yesterday. I thought you’d agree we could definitely use him.”
Gerald scowled, but Yvlon was right. He nodded grudgingly.
“Hmph. Very well. Just so long as he doesn’t start giving orders to the rest of us.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t do that. I’m just here to help.”
“Fine.”
“Are you done?”
Calruz growled at Gerald. He was breathing harder, and his gaze was narrowed as he stared into the darkness of the ruins. Gerald opened his mouth to snap something back, and then paused.
“I’m done. Shall we?”
“Yes. Let us begin.”
The two Silver-rank Captains shared a glance. Then, as one they unholstered their battleaxes. It was pure showmanship—none of the adventurers expected to be attacked the instant they entered, but the crowd loved it.
The adventurers and civilians cheered as Calruz and Gerald advanced into the ruins, weapons at the ready. Their vice-captains, Gerial and a big man named Ulgrim followed. Ceria was right behind Gerial as they stepped into the darkness. She held her glowing wand at the ready as the adventurers around her ignited torches or cast [Light] spells.
The darkness enveloped the adventurers even as Yvlon and the other two captains began following their teams in. Ceria felt the air change; grow dead and stale as the darkness closed around them. The grass and dirt became carved stone, and their footfalls echoed in the silence.
The adventurers readied themselves for anything. They could sense it. They had broken the sanctity of this dark place, and they would not leave until they had uncovered its every secret.
It had begun.
 
—-
 
“You know, I would have expected something to happen by now.”
“Oh really? You haven’t explored many dungeons, then.”
Even in the flickering light of their torch, Ceria could see Olesm blush.
“This is my first one, actually.”
“Oh? Don’t freeze up and you’ll be fine. Besides, once this is done you can tell all your friends about it. I’m sure Erin would be very impressed. Everyone loves experienced…adventurers. Especially ones who have big…swords. And explored a lot of dungeons of course.”
It was quite entertaining to Ceria, seeing how red she could make Olesm’s scales. The Drake cleared his throat and quickly cast around for something else to say.
“These rooms—are quite odd, aren’t they?”
Ceria nodded. It was fifteen minutes into their expedition, but so far the adventurers had seen very little. They’d passed through a long entrance hall of some kind, into large, open rooms with little ornamentation and a lot of dust. Their group had split up – scouts from Cervial’s group going ahead while the main group went through the various rooms, but they’d found little.
“Broken chairs, metal—I can’t tell. It’s been too long and everything is dust now. This was once some kind of temple, perhaps? A massive one.”
“It’s big. But I could see that. Strange though—all these rooms must be living quarters, kitchens, storage rooms, and so on. This is practically a city within this one building. How come no one knew of this before?”
“It must be ancient. Far older than Liscor. I can’t imagine how they built all of this—and out of stone! They must have had hundreds, thousands of workers or some kind of powerful magic.”
Ceria nodded as she stepped around a collapsed table that might have once served twenty guests at a time.
“Another time. Another world. They knew how to build such things back then. Is this one of the Walled Cities, perhaps, only forgotten by time? Or something like Liscor?”
