1.00 H
Page 2
“Good luck. Don’t get uh, killed by a dragon or anything.”
Gerial and the others had to laugh at that.
“There are no dragons on this side of the world, miss. Probably anywhere.”
“Um. There are. I’ve seen one.”
Their laughter stopped abruptly. Gerial stared into Erin’s honest expression. He opened his mouth to say something—
“Hello? Hello! I’m sorry I’m late!”
A figure dashed up the hill. A pale blue Drake wearing leather armor ran up the hill. He was desperately trying to buckle his sheathed sword to his belt as he stopped before the Horns of Hammerad.
“I’m not late, am I? I forgot we were supposed to meet here.”
“Olesm?”
Erin stared incredulously at the Drake.
“What are you—you’re going on the expedition too? But you’re not an adventurer!”
Olesm, the [Tactician] they’d hired on yesterday widened his eyes and his tail began twitching as he noticed Erin.
“Oh, Erin. I didn’t—well of course you’d be here. This is your inn—yes, I am going on the expedition! I’m hoping to raise my level. I was so inspired by you that I decided it was time to break out of my shell, so to speak.”
“But can you defend yourself? I mean, I don’t want to be rude but…”
The way Erin looked at Olesm spoke very plainly of her opinion of his fighting prowess. The Drake blushed, but stuck out his chest.
“I may not be a good fighter, but my skills should help quite a bit. Believe me, I will come back better than ever. And perhaps then I’ll win a game against you.”
“But it’s chess. That’s not the same as—as fighting.”
“I’ve stayed the same level for far too long, hiding in the city rather than joining the army or adventuring myself. Today I’m going to change that.”
“Enough talk.”
Calruz growled, making Olesm jump and stammer. He pointed.
“We have to go. Follow us but don’t lag behind.”
“Oh of course. My apologies.”
Olesm sidled behind the Minotaur and smiled toothily at Gerial. The man tried to smile back, unsure of whether he should bare his own teeth.
Erin was talking to Ceria while she tried to offer the Horns of Hammerad a basket of food to take with them.
“I’ll be happy to serve you if you guys come back tonight, no matter how late. Just knock, okay? I’ve got guests coming anyways.”
“Oh? Who?”
“We’re going.”
Calruz poked Ceria in the back, making her stumble. She turned and kicked at the Minotaur, but it was time to go. Gerial bade farewell to Erin as the Horns of Hammerad began descending the hill.
They saw Erin’s guests about fifteen minutes after they’d began walking. Five Antinium were making their way from the city. Two of them were carrying one Gerial recognized. His stomach still clenched to see Pawn’s mangled limbs, but the Antinium greeted them without any inflection of pain in his voice.
“Greetings, adventurers. Olesm.”
“Oh? Pawn! Are you going to play chess at Miss Erin’s?”
Olesm greeted the Antinium cheerfully as the other adventurers mumbled awkward greetings. Pawn nodded at him.
“Yes. We do not have any duties so we go to play.”
“Oh? I thought you always worked in the morning. Is something wrong?”
“Nothing is wrong. We have no tasks because we are waiting.”
“Waiting? Waiting for what?”
Calruz growled and started walking again. Olesm followed, but Pawn and the other Antinium simply followed their group, continuing the conversation.
“We wait for the Queen.”
“The Queen? Is she…is she doing something?”
“Yes. She is close to completing her task.”
“I heard about that. She didn’t talk to anyone and sent that new Prognugator out. Ksmvr, right? What was she doing that was so important.”
“We do not know. But it will be tomorrow.”
