1.00 D
Page 10
Lim shouted desperately, and then the big man was running to them, a healing potion in his hands. He looked down at Clara, and then at Geneva.
“Can you save her?”
“I can.”
Geneva said it instantly. Even without a healing potion, the wound wasn’t that bad. And with it, she could take the arrowhead out. The only issue was whether the trauma of the surgery would be too much for Clara.
When she asked about the issue of infection, Thriss shook his head.
“The better type of healing potion gets rid of poison and all kinds of nasty problems, but we’ve only got cheap stuff.”
“Fine. Then I need a fire now.”
“[Mage]! I need a mage over here!”
Thriss roared and a man in robes ran over. He blinked when Geneva demanded a fire, but he immediately boiled the pot of water just by putting a glowing hand on the metal. Geneva dunked the knife Fortum handed her in the water and tried to breathe slowly.
She only had a knife. She needed—she needed clamps, forceps, retractors—she needed a damn scalpel. This dagger had all the precision of a baseball bat. And she needed something to dig around in the injury with.
“I need a spoon. Or—a metal knife. Something small I can work with.”
Lim went running, and Geneva knelt by Clara. The woman was trying to sit up, but Geneva held her down.
“Clara? It’s going to be okay. Alright? But I need to get that arrow out of you, so it’s going to hurt.”
“You can help me?”
Clara smiled at Geneva, but there was worry in her eyes. Geneva nodded and tried to smile. Clara should be under anesthesia, but she was bleeding and there was no time.
“Here!”
Lim came back with the things Geneva had requested. She dunked them in the boiling water and took a breath. Thriss was watching her, and Fortum was staring with concern at the arrow.
“The healing potion’ll close the wound, but the shaft has to come out. It has to be cut.”
She nodded at the older man.
“Hold her down. Clara? I need you to hold still, alright?”
Clara clenched her teeth.
“Okay.”
Lim’s face went pale as Geneva drew the dagger out of the boiling water. She barely felt the scalding heat; her entire concentration was on Clara’s bleeding wound. Go in fast; avoid major arteries and veins. Dig the arrowhead out and make sure it hadn’t fragmented, then use the healing potion. Time was her only enemy. And pain.
“I’m going to start.”
So saying, Geneva slowly began to cut into Geneva’s shoulder, next to the shaft. The woman inhaled, and Geneva paused as she saw the blood.
But she’d done this before. She’d cut open people and cadavers. But never—
Never when they were alive.
It was so hard. But she had to do it. People thought doctors swore the Hippocratic Oath when they learned to practice medicine. There was that famous line, ‘Do no harm’. Primum non nocere. 
Bullshit. Doctors had to cause harm. It was the only way to do surgery. The only way to save lives.
So Geneva began to cut. She sawed flesh apart and Clara screamed. Fortum and another man held her down as the woman herself tried not to move, and Geneva cut fast and deep.
“Oh dead gods. Lords and ladies. Nonononono—”
Lim was right in Geneva’s ear, reacting viscerally to the surgery. He backed away, hands over his mouth, and then Geneva heard retching and splattering. He’d vomited! Of all the—
“Goddamnit! Get him out of here!”
Geneva shouted and Thriss pulled Lim away. The vomit stank in the hot air and Geneva was worried it would attract bugs. But she didn’t hurry her movements; she was working as fast as she could and didn’t dare rush for fear of causing more damage.
