1.00 H
Page 8
Olesm was silent for a while longer as the adventurers trooped onwards. They reached some kind of audience chamber with a large altar at the front. Ceria pointed while the Captains called for a short break.
“Look at that. You can tell this place is old because they have a place to pray.”
Yvlon nodded.
“True. What do you make of it, Olesm? Was this place built by your people?”
He could only shrug helplessly.
“It certainly seems like it. How else would you explain it being so close to Liscor?”
“And if it was, would they have much treasure?”
Every adventurer in earshot stared expectantly at Olesm. He thought about it and nodded.
“Oh, most definitely. We love collecting things. We are descended from dragons, after all. IF this place was at all important I’d expect some sort of vault.”
That made the other adventurers perk up, including Gerial and Ceria. It was always welcome to know their efforts might not be in vain.
They were about to keep moving when a loud voice cut through the hushed conversations.
“Contact.”
The word made every adventurer’s head snap up as they scanned for any sign of movement. But the person who had spoken was passing a message from further ahead.
“One of our scouts found a nest of Shield Spiders. The damn things must be infesting this place already.”
Several adventurers swore, but Gerald hushed them with a slashing movement on one hand.
“Shut it. How big’s the nest?”
“Not big. Around eight adults and a few dozen children that we could see. Perhaps there’s more in another room, but they’ve only webbed up one so far.”
Gerald looked at Olesm.
“You’re the local expert. Any advice?”
The Drake nodded.
“Shield Spiders are weak against fire. Two mages with armed warriors holding shields should be able to burn the nest if they know the [Fireball] spell or equivalents.”
Yvlon nodded.
“My team can do the fighting. Lir, if you want to send some of your mages…?”
“Done.”
The scout led a detachment of nine adventurers off as the others prepared to move. That was the benefit of such a large group. They could keep going even if they ran into smaller groups of monsters.
Their path took them onwards, through rooms in a winding pattern. If the ruins had been fully excavated, they could have made much faster progress, but the diggers and adventurers who had come before them had dug randomly and created a maze within the maze. More than once the expedition had to halt to dig out a collapsed tunnel again.
Cervial shook his head as they passed by a corridor blocked off by a wall of dirt.
“I don’t like these unexcavated areas. Something could tunnel their way around and ambush us.”
Yvlon paused and considered the situation. Lir tapped her on the shoulder and gestured to his wand.
“We don’t have time to block everything off. How about this? We’ll set wards that will go off if something crosses them.”
She looked at Calruz and Gerald. They nodded in agreement.
“That sounds good. Do it.”
They left a few mages and warriors to set wards while they moved on. After about thirty minutes they’d reached a long, long corridor wide enough for eight people to walk across when they heard a shout.
This time they saw a woman running back towards them. She was a [Thief], and her footfalls barely made any sound despite her rapid approach. She stopped and gasped out her message, panting as more scouts ran back towards them.
“Zombies. At least thirty of them up ahead. Probably more. They’re coming from below.”
This time every adventurer drew their weapon. Olesm fumbled as he unsheathed his sword and the Captains glanced at each other.
