1.00 H
Page 9
“My team will take the front—”
“Let my archers soften them up first. We can take down at least half in this open area. Save you the energy.”
“Good. Try not to use magic just yet if we can help it. Form up!”
Calruz turned and began ordering the Horns of Hammerad while the other captains did the same. The adventurers somehow understood what they were meant to do and moved smoothly into position, but Olesm blinked around, confused.
“Over here.”
Ceria tugged him into line behind the warriors, who’d formed a wall of shields and weapons staggered so that they could fall back if need be. The mages waited in the back, ready to cast if need be while Cervial took his team to the front.
Eight adventurers, including him set arrows to a collection of bows. Several longbows and shortbow, but the Dwarven crossbow and two slings as well. Cervial held the crossbow, sighting down it calmly as he knelt with one knee raised to steady the weapon.
He raised a hand. The adventurers, already silent, made no sound.
“I hear them.”
Ceria did too. And soon every human could hear the rapid, thudding footfalls echoing in the distance. It was faint, but growing louder.
Olesm was shaking with nervous energy. Ceria wanted to calm him down, buit she was afraid touching him would make him shout. So she waited.
As the sounds grew louder, she also heard faint moaning and growling in the distance. The zombies were making noise. She saw Cervial’s eyes narrow, and he swung the crossbow up.
The bolt discharged with a loud thunk and two of the adventurers with longbows shot as well. Ceria couldn’t even see that far into the darkness, but Cervial nodded.
“Got one.”
One of his team nodded and the other shook his head.
“Hit one in the leg.”
“Chest shot. Didn’t even slow him.”
They reloaded as they spoke. In a few seconds their bows flew up and they fired again.  They did this twice more before the zombies came into view of the adventurer’s light.
Corpses ran at the adventurers. Corpses given life. They were not human. They couldn’t be, with parts of them rotted so that intestines and bone poked through their dead skin. They were also dark, some green with fungi and rot, but others blue or black in death, their skin leaking bits of their liquefied innards.
Olesm gulped as they came into view, but Cervial’s team didn’t hesitate. Every weapon moved up and they began shooting, the slings whirling heavy stones into the eyes and faces of the zombies as the arrows cut down others.
A bolt from the black crossbow punched through the heads of two zombies, tripping up their companions as they ran at the adventurers.
Ten zombies fell. Then twelve. Sixteen. As they were twenty feet away Cervial surged to his feet.
“Back!”
The rest of his team rushed through the gaps in the line the warriors had left for them. Instantly, the adventurers in front closed ranks. The zombies ran at them, biting, mouths gaping obscenely wide as they lunged at the adventurers.
Calruz was up in front next to Gerald. Ceria saw him raise his axe, but not to swing as a zombie ran at him. He just leveled the head at the zombie and extended his arm.
The sharp blades of the battleaxe crashed into the zombie’s chest, flipping it backwards. It fell back and Calruz brought his axe casually down on its ribcage. Bone broke and the zombie lay still.
