1.00 H
Page 0

On the day of the expedition all the members of the Horns of Hammerad woke and trooped downstairs to breakfast in silence. Erin, the cheerful innkeeper had provided breakfast—eggs and bacon.
Ceria sat at one of the tables, blinking and poking at the wobbling yellow yolk of one of her poached eggs. She was still sleepy, but the blue juice woke her up in a pleasant way.
She looked up from her food and glanced around the room. Good. Everyone was present. All ten members of the Horns of Hammerad were sitting, eating or talking quietly. Calruz and Gerial sat together, discussing the plan no doubt. Sostrom and the only other mage in the party, Marian, sat at the same table talking while the five warriors sat at another table and ate silently.
Aside from Hunt, the most senior among them, Ceria didn’t know them well. They were colleagues and friends of course, but she’d only fought with them for less than a year—in the case of their most junior members, only a month.
Sostrom laughed at something Marian had said. He liked her. Or rather, he liked her as the only other human mage in the group, and the only person who didn’t make fun of his bald spot on occasion. Ceria still hadn’t figured out if he and Marian were sleeping together.
If they were, she hoped Marian wouldn’t break his heart when she left. She was a good mage, a solid Level 16 [Elementalist] – ordinary in both class choice and spell selection, but she pulled her weight.
It was just—
She wasn’t a true adventurer, a true member of the Horns of Hammerad. Ceria still respected her, but Marian only wanted to earn enough money to start a store or an inn. Adventuring was a job for her.
It was for Ceria of course, but it was also her life. She lived to adventure. By earning gold she could master new spells, and with the rare magical items she looted she could continue to improve herself as a mage and level. She wouldn’t stop adventuring even if she found a thousand gold pieces lying around. She’d just buy a new spell book or a wand and continue on.
Ceria was a lifer, although she didn’t know that reference. She, Gerial, Calruz, Sostrom, and Hunt were all adventurers who would never quit. Even before they’d joined together to form the Horns of Hammerad two years ago, each one of them had spent years working their way up the ranks to get where they were.
Someday Marian would quit. And they would find someone else to fill her place. Perhaps right after the expedition. If she didn’t die.
That was a dark thought, and not one she should be having. Ceria shook her head and concentrated on her meal. She broke the yolk on her egg and watched it soak into the slice of toasted bread. How delicious.
She loved eggs. She loved climbing into trees and stealing them out of nests. Humans tended to disapprove of that in general, but Ceria had grown up part of her life foraging off the land. She wasn’t picky about where her food came from.
She’d eaten earthworms, beetles, bark off of trees which wasn’t good for your bowels or health, birds both raw and uncooked, and occasionally, mushrooms and roots and such. She’d come close to starvation so many times she had developed an appetite for unusual things. Like bugs, although Ceria didn’t like having to pick them out of her teeth afterwards. But they were fun to eat.
Mm. She wondered what those acid flies Erin sold tasted like…
 
—-
 
“Mm. We’re all set. Time to head out?”
Gerial took a drink of the sweet blue juice before replying to Calruz.
“We’ve got an hour yet. Plenty of time. Let’s not rush things.”
