1.00 H
Page 3
Olesm stared at Pawn. Gerial saw Ceria glance swiftly backwards at the Antinium.
“What will be tomorrow?”
“It will be. Good luck on your mission Olesm.”
“Oh, um bye—”
The Antinium left. Calruz growled and stomped onwards, muttering about delays while Gerial pondered the conversation. What did it mean? Did it even matter? The Antinium were strange. Gerial had learned long ago how dangerous they could be, and how strange they were. But Pawn didn’t seem evil. Odd, perhaps but—
Whatever thoughts he had, they were put out of Gerial’s mind when he saw the ruins in the distance. Even from miles away, the dark, grey and black stone of the huge structure stood out against the hill it had been excavated from.
The Horns of Hammerad paused, and then began walking faster. Suddenly this morning, their small concerns, and indeed, everything else in the world had ceased for them. They had been waiting patiently, these last few days. They had enjoyed themselves, gotten into small trouble or out of it, but what they had really been doing behind it all was waiting.
Waiting for this. The ruins loomed, massive, unexplored. It called to them. They were adventurers.
They resumed their march. Unconsciously, their pace increased. They felt it in their blood, in their bones, and the beating of their hearts.
Danger and glory, waiting for them in the darkness below.
 
—-
 
The ruins had first been discovered a few months ago by a shepherd tending his flock. Drakes kept sheep and other animals just like humans, and one of them had been walking over a hill when he’d tripped over a rock.
After he’d nearly broken his foot trying to kick the rock, the Drake had dug a bit of it up and realized the rock wasn’t so much a rock as part of a building. And when he’d dug further with the help of his friends, they had discovered that the bit of the building was in fact an entire structure hidden in the earth.
And after the Antinium had been called and days of excavations had gone by, the city had found that the hill the building had been found on wasn’t so much a hill as the entire structure itself.
Today, the ruins sat half-uncovered against the large hill, black stone entrance gaping open in the light of the sun. Ceria, Gerial and the other Horns of Hammerad stared up at it.
A wall of black rock. A carved stone doorway and in places, open windows that allowed some ventilation into the massive structure.
From up close the massive stone doors were even more imposing. Although some of the dirt that had once covered the structure had been excavated, it was clear that this—building was huge on a completely different scale than the structures in Liscor.
The roof had not been excavated, and nor had the lower half of the structure. Apparently, an Antinium had dug down but had gone over a hundred feet without reaching the bottom of this massive structure. The city had decided to only dig up what was necessary, and so the doorway had been uncovered and the rest of the building left alone.
That made the sight of the black entrance poking out of the hillside covered in grass and flowers all the more odd. And disturbing. The massive doors could easily hold two creatures twice Calruz’s height and you could push two wagons through at the same time. It dwarfed even the large group of adventurers standing in front of the entrance.
Perhaps there had once been a fresco or decorative front of some kind, but age had worn away any details. And besides, there was really only one message the giant stone doors told. No one was meant to easily enter this place—or exit.
