1.00 D
Page 13
How would the others respond to her now that they’d seen her performing surgery? Moreover, how would Clara react?
She needn’t have worried. True, Lim hesitated, but he still moved over as Geneva sat with Fortum and the other Human soldiers from this morning, and Fortum grunted at her in a friendly sounding way. The others chatted or blinked in bleary silence as was their preference, but none looked at Geneva too oddly.
Except for Lim, that was. He still looked uneasy when he met Geneva’s eyes, but Clara gave her a one-armed hug the instant she saw her in the morning.
“Looks like a [Doctor]’s more use’n I thought, isn’t that right? You cut that arrow out of my arm in a thrice, and it doesn’t feel the slightest bit bad now!”
“I’m sorry I didn’t have anything to stop the pain.”
Fortum shook his head.
“You were faster than anyone I’d ever seen, girl. Don’t you worry. Clara knows you had to get that arrowhead out.”
“It was worth me screaming and bleeding for that.”
Clara nodded seriously. She tapped her arm.
“I’ve heard stories of folks who used a potion without pulling the arrowhead out. They rot from the inside and die screaming. No amount of potion’ll fix that.”
“You were so calm.”
Lim burst out at last. He looked at Geneva, wide-eyed.
“How did you know how to get the arrow out? Do all [Doctors] have a skill? What level do you learn to do all that?”
Geneva frowned. She hadn’t learned that from her class, but the idea that someone could learn something like surgery from just leveling up a few times was…concerning. Fortum scowled and cuffed Lim lightly.
“It’s rude to ask her level, boy.”
Even asking about Classes was considered somewhat rude unless the information was volunteered first. It was a personal question and an important one; knowing someone’s exact levels and classes meant you could tell how powerful or useful they were. Geneva only shrugged.
“I’m not a high level [Doctor], but I’ve been trained to do surgery and other types of medicine.”
“Surgery? You mean cutting someone open like yesterday…?”
Lim looked uneasy, and another soldier smacked him on the shoulder.
“We’re eating, boy.”
Geneva nodded. She had no issues swallowing her food.
“If I have to. But I normally have a lot more tools. I was working with what I could scrounge, but next time…do you know where I can get tweezers? Even wooden ones would do.”
“Someone’ll have them. But if you want some, there’s bound to be someone with a wood working Skill in this crowd.”
Fortum pointed this out, and Geneva latched on to the suggestion.
“Do you think I could pay them or get them to make me a few tools?”
Metal would be far better, but anything was better than nothing. The Old Man nodded as he chewed at his bread slowly, breaking it down with saliva and soup so his few teeth could do the rest of the job.
“I reckon they’ll do it for free, even if the sergeant don’t insist. After today, everyone’s going to want to give you as much help as they can in case they’re the ones with a hole in their gut.”
“Can you fix that, too?”
Geneva smiled wryly, but her stomach twisted.
“Let’s not find out right now, okay?”
Everyone laughed, and soon the soldiers were roused by Thriss shouting and back on the march. But the [Sergeant] found Geneva as she was walking with the others.
“A word.”
He led her away from the others, and then pressed a small key into her hands. It was made of iron and sturdy. Geneva blinked at it.
“What’s this?”
“It’s a key. To the chest of healing potions in the supply wagon.”
Thriss stared seriously at Geneva.
