1.00 D
Page 4
Soon enough, Geneva had her chance. A young man—a redheaded teen with more confidence than actual ability—failed to raise the shield he’d been given in time. The other man fighting with him struck his shoulder and Geneva saw the young man fall to the ground and scream as his shoulder popped out of its socket.
“No one move! Back to your places!”
Thriss pushed through the circle of people and beckoned Geneva over. He stared at the writhing young man on the ground and looked at her.
“Practice blade must have broken something. Can you set the bone?”
Geneva shook her head automatically as she stared at the young man. He was trying to touch and not touch his injured arm at the same time.
“The bone isn’t broken. His shoulder is dislocated; he needs to have it set.”
Thriss’ eyes glinted and Geneva saw his lips twitch for a second. It had been a test, she was sure.
“Can you fix it?”
“I can if he doesn’t move.”
“You heard her! Hold still, lad! It’s just a dislocation; nothing to bawl about!”
Thriss slapped the young man and held him still as Geneva gingerly grabbed the arm. The young man’s skin was slippery with sweat and he was shaking, but she knew what to do. He screamed and whimpered, but Geneva had learned how to fix a dislocated shoulder. After one try she popped the arm back in place and the man stopped moaning and stared at his arm in disbelief.
“He’ll need a few weeks to recover.”
“No time for that. Here. Use this.”
Thriss pulled out a glass bottle filled with green sloshing liquid out of his belt. Geneva eyed it skeptically.
“It’s a weak potion, but it should do. Go on. Unless you’ve got a Skill or spell that will do better?”
Geneva didn’t, but she’d never seen a healing potion work before. She couldn’t let anyone know that, though, so she pulled out the cork. The smell the green liquid gave off was incredibly bad, but the young man was looking at it hopefully.
Gingerly, Geneva poured some of the green liquid on the shoulder, and watched in disbelief as the already swollen flesh receded and the man gasped in relief. The area still looked raw, though, so Geneva added a bit more of the potion until it looked completely normal.
“Good!”
Thriss accepted the two-thirds full potion from Geneva and stood up. He offered the young man a hand, and the youth took it as he stood, flexing his good arm and laughing as if nothing had happened.
“I wouldn’t waste a potion on you, but we’ve got a battle to get to, and you’re no use to us with one arm!”
Thriss’s voice echoed around the campsite and the other soldiers stopped practicing to listen.
“Mark my works, stick with us and you won’t be looking for potions when you’ve got an arrow in your stomach! We’ve got healing supplies that will take care of anything save having your head chopped off—unless you’re a Dullahan—and we’ve even got a [Doctor] in case the healing potions don’t work!”
He pointed to Geneva, and she felt eyes on her. Geneva blushed a bit, but she didn’t shy away from the attention. The rational, calm part of her was thinking, though. Thriss had had the healing potion ready, and he’d been expecting someone to get hurt. She looked at the soldier who’d been dueling the young man. He was a veteran, not a new recruit. They’d probably planned all of this out to bolster the recruit’s confidence, and testing Geneva’s involvement had only added to the charade.
