1.00 H
Page 1
The Minotaur nodded silently and gestured at Toren for another plate of bacon. Gerial wondered how he could eat so much. His stomach wasn’t letting him eat more than a bit of breakfast. He was so energized with nerves as much as anticipation he felt like getting up to pace around.
But of course, he couldn’t. The vice-captain of the Horns of Hammerad had to project calm, and that was what Gerial was going to do. He took his job seriously. He had to be a leader like Calruz.
And Ceria, for that matter. Gerial spotted her sitting at her table, looking pensively down into her plate of food. She didn’t seem the slightest bit nervous. He envied her that.
The half-elf’s gaze had turned far-off, and her expression had become distant. Gerial was familiar with that look. Another thing to envy.
He felt he would never understand the true complexities and unearthly thoughts that surely ran through her mind. She might appear human in many ways, but Ceria was half Elf. Half of her was descended from legends and who knew what deep thoughts she pondered at times like these?
“Hey there!”
Gerial jumped and quickly looked away from Ceria. He smiled up at Erin and smoothed his mustache. Now here was someone he could understand. Erin Solstice was as likeable and approachable as any innkeeper he had ever met. He would be sorry to say goodbye.
“Ah. Miss Erin. I hope you are recovering from your cold? We were intending to leave payment and go without bothering you, but you were up before we were.”
Erin looked startled.
“What? Oh, no I couldn’t do that. I’m feeling a lot better. And you guys paid me so well—a big breakfast is the least I could do. You’re uh, heading into the ruins today, aren’t you?”
Calruz grunted and Gerial nodded.
“Indeed we are. We and four other adventuring teams are going in.”
“Wasn’t it six?”
Gerial winced and glanced at Calruz surreptitiously.
“The last adventuring Captain ah, pulled out at the last moment.”
“Hendric. Coward.”
Calruz rumbled darkly. Gerial hoped he wouldn’t start shouting. That would be the last thing they needed right before the expedition.
To his relief, Erin didn’t seem off-put by the Minotaur’s ire. She poked Calruz in the side, causing the Minotaur to glare at her while Gerial choked on his food.
“Cheer up, grumpy. I’m sure you’ll be fine.”
She glanced at Gerial.
“So—should I expect you guys to come back tomorrow? Or tonight…? How long is this uh, dungeon exploration going to take?”
“We’re not sure. I wouldn’t count on our return, but it could happen.”
Gerial shrugged uncomfortably, not liking the uncertainty in his own voice.
“We have enough supplies for at least four days. I doubt we’ll be down there that long unless we need to do excavation, though.”
Across the room Hunt looked up from his meal. He had egg in his beard, which Gerial didn’t comment on.
“Those ruins could be deep, though. No telling how far down they go.”
“We’re not clearing out every room. As soon as we strike a treasury or find enough to justify the costs we’ll leave.”
“Hah! Tell that to the other teams. Gerald is saying his team won’t quit until they reach the bottom floor. A big change from what he was saying earlier.”
“Well, if we’re going in we might as well go all in.”
“Speaking of which…Gerial, is it time?”
Ceria glanced meaningfully at the sky. Gerial nodded.
“I suppose we should be going. The meeting is about an hour’s time away and we don’t want to be late. Is everyone finished?”
They were. Or they were once he spoke. The strange skeleton walked around the room collecting dishes while Erin saw the Horns of Hammerad off.
