1.00 H
Page 4
“Gods, I saw it from far away but up close this is something else entirely.”
Gerial shook his head as he and Ceria stood looking up at the ruins. She nodded.
“The Ruins of Albez seem tiny compared to this one. Well, they’re more spread out but still.”
“Look at that.”
Sostrom pointed to one side of the doors. Aside from the miniature village that had popped up around the ruins full of enterprising shopkeepers, adventurers, and curious watchers, another group had already occupied this space.
Around fifteen armed warriors, mainly Drakes and a few Gnolls – sat together around an open fire, talking and eating while two of them stood watch at the doors.
Hunt growled under this throat and gripped the mace at his side as he eyed the other group.
“More adventurers? I thought we were the only ones entering. If they’re trying to steal a march on us—”
Olesm shook his head before anyone else could.
“They’re not adventurers. That’s the local Watch.”
“The Watch? Why are they out here?”
Ceria nodded to the group of guardsmen and then pointed to another group of warriors sitting across from them. They had no fire, but they were watching the doors as well.
“There are several Bronze-rank adventuring teams on permanent guard duty as well as several members of the Watch. Seems like this place disgorges monsters every few days. Nothing more dangerous than a mob of zombies or the local wildlife, but they’re being cautious.”
Hunt relaxed and the other Horns of Hammerad nodded. They weren’t used to a city militia taking such an active role, but none of them were strangers to the idea of guarding a dungeon.
“Good thing we’re going in today. Otherwise the city’d probably put up a request to clear out this place in a month or two.”
“It still might come to that. Unless they destroy this damn place something’s going to make its nest here.”
“True.”
Gerial nodded in agreement as he studied the massive building. It was certainly inconvenient to have so close to the city. It would surely attract monsters and worse, provide a lair for them to reproduce.
It wasn’t as if monsters popped out of thin air. Except for the ones that did, of course. But caves, abandoned buildings, and magical sites tended to attract monsters like honey followed bees. Monsters would breed in the darkness or reanimate in the case of the dead. Sometimes they fought each other but often they lived in disturbing harmony—until the unlucky adventurer intruded on their lair.
“There’s Yvlon. Move up.”
Calruz finally spotted the person he was looking for. He began walking towards Yvlon and her group of female adventurers wearing polished silver metal. Gerial picked up his pace so he arrived just as his Captain did. Calruz had no time for minor details like that, but proper courtesy was important. It was one of Gerial’s few complaints that the Minotaur so often forgot that.
But Yvlon was not the kind of petty person to be bothered by such things in the first place. She smiled at Gerial and Calruz as they approached and his heart skipped a beat. She was truly beautiful. Almost as beautiful as Ryoka, but different of course…
“Calruz. Gerial. I’m glad your team is here on time. Everyone else has already assembled. Shall we begin?”
“Why waste time waiting?”
Yvlon nodded. She stepped back and let Calruz precede her. Gerial called to to the Horns of Hammerad and they joined the group of adventurers waiting outside the doors.
