1.00 H
Page 7
“The design of the gates certainly suggest that. Of course, you need a roof or some good magic when the rainy season comes. I suppose it could have been built by my people.”
Olesm looked around and shuddered. Ceria knew how he felt. She wasn’t comfortable with the dark, echoing rooms any more than he was. For all they were spacious, she felt like she was cramped, confined. She could handle it, but Olesm was nervous and chatty, and she didn’t mind talking to them.
It wasn’t as if the other adventurers weren’t talking. The scouts and leading adventurers were silent as they walked up ahead, but the main group of adventurers kept quiet conversations going, joking, talking idly, anything to keep the tension at bay.
“So—I’m with your group. The ah, Horns of Hammerad? I’m afraid I don’t know much about it. Liscor didn’t get many high-profile adventurers before this.”
Ceria raised her eyebrows.
“High profile? Hear that Gerial? I wish we were that famous.”
Gerial looked back and smiled wryly at Ceria. Olesm was confused.
“But you’re Silver-rank adventurers. I just assumed—”
“Ceria is just teasing you Mister ah, Olesm. We are quite well known locally. It’s just that we’re hardly the only Silver-rank teams in the north. And if you count the coastal cities—well, there are a number of Gold-rank teams and adventurers up there and we can hardly compare.”
“Well you seem quite competent to me. What does your group do? Aside from exploring ruins, that is.”
Gerial smiled.
“We specialize in monster slaying. If a troublesome group of monsters is infesting a region we’re usually one of the first groups who answer the call. The Horns of Hammerad are a close-combat group. We close in and smash the enemy while our mages provide backup. Gerald’s Pride group is the same.”
“Oh I see, I see. And the Silver Spears?”
“Good at defense, coordination, strategy; a solid team. The Flawless Flight on the other hand do a lot of scouting work and hunting troublesome monsters that hide.”
“And the—the Circle? They were all mages. Is that usual?”
Ceria shrugged.
“Not usual, but not unusual either. They take on almost all requests. They’ve got a bad reputation, though.”
“Why is that?”
Ceria grinned.
“Because they run away quite often.”
A mage from further up ahead had heard that. He turned and flicked up a middle finger at Ceria and she grinned and waved at him in apology. Mollified, the mage went back to his conversation.
Lowering her voice so she wouldn’t be heard, Gerial murmured to Olesm.
“If they’re out of mana there’s not much they can do. So yes, often Lir’s team will abandon a mission if something makes them use up all their potions or if the enemy is more numerous or stronger than they anticipated.”
“Oh. I see.”
“They do good work most of the time, though.”
Gerial nodded in agreement.
“But they do have their own style. They prioritize all contracts with anything magically related. It’s their specialty, just like how Cervial has a lot of archers in his group and Yvlon’s team wears silver armor.”
“Do the Horns of Hammerad have a, um, noticeable feature?”
“…Not so much a feature as a code. We don’t break our promises. We don’t retreat and if we have to abandon a job, we repay all we took in advance.”
Gerial murmured into his mustache.
“‘Death before dishonor.’”
“Really?”
“It’s what we live by. Our leader is Calruz. And you know what Minotaurs are like.”
“Oh. Of course.”
