1.00 H
Page 5
Ceria walked with the Horns of Hammerad, merging with the main body of adventurers as she stared up at the dark doors. It was hard—even for someone who had lived as long as she had—to stand still in this crowd. And indeed, the other adventurers around her were constantly shifting, moving around with the same energy she felt.
There were so many! It was a crowd of adventurers like a full day at the Adventurer’s Guild, but in this case every single one of them was Silver-rank. They let the Horns of Hammerad move next to them, calling out good naturedly and exchanging slaps on the back in the case of the warriors, polite nods and only the occasional spine-shattering slap in the case of the mages.
At the head of the crowd, Yvlon and Calruz joined three other captains. Lir, Gerald, and Cervial nodded at the Minotaur and female adventurer as the crowd grew silent.
The blonde adventurer raised her hands for silence, but it was already present. The adventurers – and come to that, the large crowd of onlookers waited in breathless expectation.
“Captains, I am pleased to see you all here. May I inquire if you are all ready?”
They nodded. Calruz was the first to speak. The Minotaur’s rumbling voice was loud enough to be heard quite audibly even from the back of the crowd.
“The Horns of Hammerad are all here.”
“The Flawless Fight are ready to go.”
“Kyrial’s Pride is armed and ready to fight!”
“We of the Circle of Reneë have prepared our spells.”
“And the Silver Spears are assembled.”
Yvlon nodded to the other adventuring Captains and raised her voice to address the crowd.
“I’m pleased to see everyone is present. But I expected nothing less of the best adventurers on this side of the continent! We are here today to make history by entering the Ruins of Liscor. We don’t know exactly what is down there, but we do know something dangerous lurks below. And where there is danger, there is treasure and fame to be found.”
The adventurers shifted at that. Yvlon was speaking their language, and her gaze was open and honest. She didn’t lie about the danger and that they appreciated.
“Some of us may perish on this expedition. Lords willing, it will be few or none. But I swear that each of you will receive a portion of the reward, and your families and loved ones will not be left penniless should you fall. That is the pledge I make towards each of my Silver Spears and I offer the same to you today.”
She shook her head, and her golden blonde hair shook in the air, catching the light. Ceria smiled at that; Yvlon had to know exactly what she was doing and how her armor and hair shone.
“But enough dire thoughts. We are about to head in. Steel yourselves. Trust in each other. We know what must be done. Calruz, your Horns of Hammerad and Gerald, your Kyrial’s Pride have been chosen to lead the expedition. Would you do the honors?”
Calruz and Gerald nodded. They stepped towards the doorway and gestured.
“Kryial’s Pride—form up!”
“To me, Horns of Hammerad.”
That was their signal. Ceria walked out of the crowd, ignoring the gazes of the other adventurers. Some of their group weren’t so graceful and stumbled or blushed, but they formed up behind Calruz as the Minotaur stood next to Gerald.
The massive, armored man who carried a battleaxe almost as large as Calruz’s scowled when he saw Olesm tagging along with the other adventurers.
“Who’s the Drake? I thought we agreed not to hire anyone else, Yvlon.”
Olesm jumped and his scales faded in color, but Yvlon shook her head.
