1.00 H
Page 11
“That’s where all the other teams disappeared.”
“Exactly. We’re going in ready for anything.”
Gerald and Calruz were indeed bringing all of the best adventurers to the front, creating a wall of flesh and metal while the mages and adventurers carrying ranged weapons followed behind.
“I’m sticking in the middle while Cervial’s team covers the rear. Will you walk with me, Ceria?”
“I’d be delighted to. Olesm?”
“Oh, I’d be honored. And they’re moving. Should we—?”
Yvlon and Ceria walked forwards and took their position in the middle of the group. The Silver Spears spaced themselves out across the corridor, forming a second line that could hold if the front had to fall back.
The human adventurer talked quietly with Ceria while Olesm lagged behind them, awkwardly chatting up Sostrom as they walked down the corridor’s increasing slope.
“I’m glad you aren’t angry at me.”
“Angry? Why would I be?”
Yvlon smiled ruefully.
“I feel like I had a lot to do with the—incident involving Ryoka earlier. I truly didn’t mean to cause that much trouble.”
Ceria shrugged awkwardly.
“That was mostly her fault.”
“Even so. My aunt had mentioned how much she wanted to meet this Runner, and I couldn’t fathom why. I wanted to test her, but not push her over the edge.”
“That girl is all edge. I don’t understand why Magnolia—well, there are certain things that strike me about her. But why the lady of Reinhart would spend so much effort on her is beyond me.”
“Beyond me as well, I’m afraid. My aunt does not confide in anyone, and she has—eclectic interests. But I do hope Ryoka doesn’t do anything rash. Once you fall into my aunt’s machinations it is hard to break free.”
Ceria was surprised. She looked at Yvlon in the flickering light and saw the adventurer smile.
“You don’t want to capture Ryoka to gain favor with her?”
“Let’s just say I admire her independence, if not her self-control. Besides, it’s bad if Aunt Magnolia gets everything she wants. Hold up, what’s this?”
The adventurers had stopped at an open room, large and filled with stone altars and the remains of wooden tables. And curiously, open stone slabs, placed symmetrically around the room.
“Another prayer room? How strange. But this is definitely a temple, then.”
“But why have a shrine underground? It makes no sense.”
Ceria shook her head as she stared at the stone slabs placed around the room.
“No. This is—different from above. What are those open places for? They look—big. Long enough to accommodate a body.”
“A place to sleep? But why the place to pray?”
Ceria shrugged. And then her eyes widened.
“I know. This is a place to put dead bodies to be cleansed before they’re buried. This isn’t a temple. It’s a crypt.”
The adventurers around her who heard that muttered, half in agreement, the other half worried. It was good and bad news. Ceria heard Gerial explaining why to Olesm behind her.
“A crypt or a tomb is good because there’s probably treasure buried with the dead. But it usually means traps, ancient curses and hexes on the lid of tombs and so on. Not to mention the undead.”
Yvlon raised her voice to be heard by the others.
“It’s a good sign, though. We know there’s something valuable here. Any place with this much architecture had to be important.”
Gerald nodded. He seemed happier than Ceria remembered ever seeing him.
“Could be powerful artifacts up ahead. Let’s keep moving.”
“This is a good place to fall back to, though. See—there’s only two ways in and we can use that long corridor as a killing zone with our bows if we need to.”
Cervial pointed around the room. Yvlon nodded with the other Captains.
