1.00 H
Page 10
The other adventurers met the undead charge in the same way. Shields rammed into the frail dead bodies, pushing them back while swords, axes, and maces clubbed them down, bashing in their skulls, severing their heads. It wasn’t even close to a fair fight. The adventurers worked in tandem, outnumbered the dead, and had Levels and Skills. The dead only had rotting bodies, and soon, not even that.
After the last crawling zombie had been dispatched, Yvlon looked around.
“Anyone hurt? Any injuries?”
There were none. She went to inspect the corpses along with Cervial and a few of their scouts.
“Hm. Look at this, Yvlon.”
Cervial showed her a few of the corpses. Yvlon saw ruined human faces, their flesh reeking from their rapid decay. She coughed and a mage murmured a spell.
“[Cleansing Wind].”
“Thank you. What am I supposed to see, Cervial?”
“This. They’re mostly human, these zombies. And freshly dead. If they weren’t, we’d be fighting skeletons.”
“More of the adventurers who first came in?”
“Very likely. But see behind them—?”
Yvlon saw.
“Drakes. Badly rotted, too.”
“But not too badly to be useless. That looks like a preservation spell, to me. Something is keeping them from rotting.”
“Or restoring their flesh. Wonderful. Do you think the main threat will be the undead, then?”
“They don’t play nice with other monsters. That would be my best bet.”
Cervial grinned, his teeth illuminated in the torchlight. But then his smile faded.
“Still, that was quite a group. Not exactly a small welcoming committee, was it?”
Yvlon shook her head.
“For our first real encounter in here? I’d say it was light enough.”
The other man nodded, but he still seemed trouble.
“Zombies can sense the living. It’s only natural they’d feel so many of us and come running.”
He paused.
“Still. That was a bit too convenient and quick for my liking. Normally I’d expect them to be spread out as they sense us and follow each other, not rush all at once like that.”
The armored woman paused, thinking.
“Could be coincidence.”
“Perhaps not.”
She nodded to the scouts.
“Go wary.”
They nodded, and disappeared up ahead, their lights rapidly fading in the blackness.
Ceria found Olesm was shaking, but not with fear after the short battle. He stared at the dead, gagging slightly until the magic wind took away the stench.
“That was so—so impressive! There were so many, but you took care of them like—like—”
The Drake tried to snap shaking fingers. Ceria smiled.
“I had nothing to do with it. Good old fashioned metal did the trick here. Which is a good thing. If we had to start casting over a few undead we’d be in trouble.”
“Ceria!”
The half-Elf glanced up. Yvlon was waving her to the front next to the other Captains. She also gestured at Olesm.
Ceria approached, Olesm trailing behind her. Yvlon smiled at both.
“Not a bad start, is it? We work well together.”
“Still, that was a lot of undead. Should we expect more up ahead?”
“More than likely. We were debating using your [Illumination] spell now, Ceria. What do you think?”
Ceria hesitated.
“I can’t use the lights to illuminate where I haven’t been. I could use it to light the way back  but—I think I should wait. It’s not like we’re so far in that it’s hard to find out way back, and when I do cast it, it should be at a place we mean to hold in for a longer time.”
Yvlon nodded.
“When we make camp, then. We’ll find a spot. But we’re hours from needing rest so we’ll hold off.”
“Are we moving forwards now?”
“Almost. The scouts are saying this corridor begins to slope downwards. This is the place that leads to the second floor.”
