1.01
Page 1
It was so empty. So dusty, too. Really dusty. And although the inn’s common room was large and spacious, the large round tables and chairs made it feel smaller. A long counter at one end of the inn gave Erin the impression of a bar. She felt there should have been a bartender behind it, polishing a mug and serving her a lovely cool drink of—
Erin sighed and slapped herself lightly on the head. Now she was thirsty. And hungry. Time to think of something else. She took a deep breath and coughed. Then sneezed.
“This place is disgusting! Someone should clean it up!”
She paused. After a second Erin looked around.
“…I guess that means me.”
There wasn’t much confidence in her words. Why bother cleaning up a place like this? On the other hand, it was so dusty that Erin was sure that if she tried to sleep she’d choke to death or cough her throat raw in the night. Plus, it would be nice not to raise a cloud of dust every time she sat down.
“Besides, this is a good place to rest. If no one’s here, then I might be able to…”
To do what? Hide here? Live here? Where is here exactly and what’s going on?
Erin tried not to panic as uncertainty gripped at her heart. She could not panic, not now. It wasn’t that she wasn’t terrified out of her mind, but rather, her instincts were telling her that panic was not an option. No one was around to help her, she was lost by herself—panic was a luxury she couldn’t afford.
So Erin fell back on the one truth she could cling to. If a room was dirty, it should probably not be. So she decided to clean it up, and made her first conscious decision since coming to this world. It was a simple goal, a humble ambition:
Find a dustrag.
Certainly, it wasn’t the most inspired of decisions, but Erin had an entire plan based around that simple action. First she’d find a dustrag, and then she’d look for a bucket. But even if she didn’t find a bucket she could probably just go outside and wet the rag in the rain. After that she could clear off a few tables and maybe then she’d come across a mop…
The first place Erin looked was behind the bar. It was a promising place to start, but she found only more dust and cobwebs there.
“Drat.”
Next, she checked the door behind the bar and found it opened up into the kitchen. In there she found several old, rusty pans and pots and even the desired bucket, but no cloth of any kind.
“Damn.”
Feeling increasingly desperate, Erin grabbed the bucket and towed it outside. She set it upright to collect water and returned to the common room. Well, that only left the upstairs.
It was a very dark stairwell that looked down on Erin as she put her first foot on the stairs. The young woman looked up and gulped. Due to the size of the ground floor, the second floor was quite high up and the staircase was…ominous, to say the least. It looked like the bones of some gigantic monster in the darkness.
Cautiously, Erin ascended the staircase. It seemed as though every second stair creaked or groaned loudly as she placed her weight upon it, and the sounds echoed in the dark inn. To Erin, it felt like she was stepping on landmines—each time she heard a loud creak her heart sped up and her heart caught in her throat.
“Come on. Come on. You can do this.”
Erin whispered to herself, keeping her voice low so as not to—to wake up anything that might be up there. At that thought her heart skipped another beat, and she paused halfway up the stairwell, shaking slightly.
“This is stupid. There’s nothing up there. Nothing!”
She paused.
