1.01 C
Page 5
He’s got a strange, half-melted face. Not from any injury—it looks too clean to be a wound. The five bloody holes in his leather armor on the other hand are probably my fault.
“Hey pal. You don’t look so good.”
The soldier bares his teeth at me and tries to raise a mace. But he’s too far gone. He says something as he collapses in a puddle of his own gore. I don’t know the words, but I understand him even so.
“Monster.”
That’s fair. Harsh, but fair. I feel at my face. Cuts—broken skin—nothing like how I remembered leaving it. But the face paint is still mostly intact, which is the important thing. Actually, I think all that blood’s started a new layer. How avant-garde!
I look around for my special friend, the Lieutenant who can’t take a joke. Is she this body? This one? No?
I turn over the corpses, but find no horns—at least, not the ones I’m looking for. She’s not among them. I can’t tell if I’m disappointed or relieved.
I’m aware…my thoughts aren’t quite right. I’m alive. After all of this, I’m alive. I shouldn’t be, but I’m alive.
And I’m still insane.
“Heh. Ha. Hahaha.”
Oops. Looks like I was completely right. But you know that thing about the hidden cost and all that? Probably should have read the fine print.
“Tom, Tom, lost his mind! What a shock; what a bind! Ahahahahaha!”
That’s how they find me. Laughing and covered in blood, out of my mind in the ruins of the village.
It’s a huge group of people holding weapons. Some of them I know; others are new faces.
I wave at Richard. He’s leading a group of eighteen [Soldiers] and several of the combat-capable townsfolk from a few miles down the road. He stops as I approach, and the [Soldiers] raise their weapons. The civilians just freeze and stare at me.
“Tom…?”
Richard’s dark skin is very pale behind the faceguard of his helmet. He looks at me, and I can see the whites of his eyes.
I look at him, and he flinches. The others can’t even look at me. I catch Emily throwing up on the ground, and even Richard’s face is far too pale. I grin at him, and he takes a step back.
“Hey. Want to see a magic trick?”
“Magic…?”
I spread my arms and bow theatrically. I gesture towards the death and destruction around me; the dead bodies and the burned village.
“Tada.”
 
—-
 
The village is destroyed. Those who didn’t flee for their lives perished at the hands of the Demons and monsters. But the Demons perished at the hands of terrible comedy, and I think the Troll just decided to go back home.
The people from my world wander the ruins with the few villagers, staring at the death as the soldiers collect bodies and stare at me. Actually, everyone stares at me.
My friends—well, the people I arrived with can’t even look at me. I give them my best smile and they just freeze up. Or run away. But the soldiers and townspeople don’t look at me the same way.
They can’t stand the carnage either. But they look towards me and the dead with a different perspective. They count. They see only enemy soldiers, and me standing surrounded by the dead.
They have something else in their eyes. Fear. Fear of the unknown. But hope, too. The funniest thing. They don’t understand what I’ve done, or what I am. But I killed monsters and they think that makes me a good person.
Hilarious.
Sleep and waking are the same part of the nightmare. I hear the voice, those dispassionate words that aren’t said so much as projected into my mind.
 
[Hero Level 2!]
[Skill – Weapon Proficiency: Knives Obtained!]
 
It’s so funny I can’t stop laughing. And crying.
