1.01 D
Page 9
“There’s no one with a [Healer] class in the battalion. You’ll have to.”
“I can’t!”
Geneva stopped in her tracks and shouted at Thriss, ignoring the people who stared.
“I can’t do this alone! I don’t just need another [Doctor]—I need assistants, proper ones! I need people who know how to perform surgeries and don’t throw up on my patients. I need surgical tools, or some healing potion for deep injuries. I can’t close them on my own.”
Thriss chewed at his lip. Then he shook his head again, reluctantly.
“We have none to spare. We used up a lot of what we had yesterday—and the fighting will only get worse from here. I’ll assign soldiers to you, but I can’t promise they’ll be any better.”
“Then everyone dies, just like that soldier said.”
“I—”
Thriss broke off. He looked at someone behind Geneva, and then she heard a low voice.
“[Doctor].”
Geneva turned. Her heart nearly burst out of her chest.
Someone was standing in front of her. Someone—someone dead. She was one of the soldiers Geneva had tried to save yesterday, the one who’d bled out. But she was dead. She was—
She was the one who Geneva had put the Selphid into.
The woman looked different than she had yesterday. Her skin was totally white now, and she stood awkwardly. The right half of her body sagged, and she moved awkwardly, as if she’d had a stroke. But her left side seemed perfectly able, and she smiled crookedly at Geneva.
Thriss had noted her skin color as well. He put his hand on his sword warily.
“We have no Selphids among this Batallion. Identify yourself.”
The Selphid saluted with one hand. She was armed with a sword, and the dead woman’s armor, the chainmail still covered in dried blood.
“Yes, sir. My name is Okasha. I am a [Rogue], Level 23. I am part of the Burning March 6th Division. My squad was destroyed by a mage spell. I would rejoin my unit, but my right side is useless. I cannot fight, but I will help the [Doctor].”
“What?”
Geneva stared at the Selphid in the woman’s body. She couldn’t understand.
“You were dead. I saw you. I put you in the other body, but you didn’t move even after I checked again.”
The Selphid smiled.
“I was unconscious. And it takes time for us to assume control of a new form.”
She hadn’t even guessed that might happen. Geneva’s stomach twisted.
“I’m sorry.”
Okasha raised one hand and smiled again.
“I should be the one thanking you. You saved me. I would have died in that body if you hadn’t closed my injuries and put me in a new one.”
Thriss grunted irritably.
“So you can doctor Selphids? Looks like you’ve got a good use, to me. Try to save more of our folk instead of them, though. And here’s your assistant, if you’ll have one of them.”
Geneva looked at Okasha. She bit her lip. The Selphid was clearly disabled or wounded—perhaps permanently if she couldn’t regrow whatever she was missing. But Geneva needed all the help she could get.
“I need an assistant. But I’ll be cutting up bodies and performing surgery. Can you handle that?”
This time even Thriss bared his teeth in a reluctant grin. Okasha laughed.
“I am a Selphid. Bleeding and organs do not scare me.”
Oh. Of course. Thriss left the two as Geneva tried to give Okasha a crash course on the thousands of things she needed to know to be a capable assistant. Okasha listened carefully, nodding. She had a patient personality, and what was even better, she understood when Geneva talked about arteries and veins and bloodflow.
“I know of these things. I have seen them and felt how they move.”
“Really?”
