1.01 R
Page 2
“There were a few Goblins on the road.”
“Right, right.”
Fals scratched his head and shifted uncomfortably. Ryoka finished tying her pack closed and hoisted it onto her shoulders. She looked at him expectantly.
“The thing is, it’s a really good delivery. It pays well, it’s safe—well, mostly safe—and runners like Magnolia. She tips well and shares her deliveries.”
Garia grinned.
“She once gave me a few treats she imported from overseas. They were frozen bits of fruit and sugar. Tasted amazing.”
“Exactly. We all like her. I know she wanted someone to deliver that blue drink she likes so much. Did she share any with you?”
Ryoka shook her head.
“I wasn’t interested.”
This time she definitely got a glare from every runner in earshot. Fals shifted again.
“Right, well, it would just be best if you let another runner take the request next time. Not that you don’t have a right to it—it’s just that we like to share the request. Give others a chance to take it easy, okay?”
He gave her a smile which went unreturned. Garia eyed Ryoka nervously. Ryoka stared at Fals expressionlessly, and then nodded.
“Got it.”
The two other runners accompanying Fals shifted on their feet. They looked at Ryoka with a lot more hostility than Fals and Garia. For his part, Fals nodded and gave Ryoka another friendly smile.
“Just so you know. Good luck on your run!”
Fals and the other runners walked away. Ryoka watched them go. Her face betrayed no emotion, but Garia saw her hand go up and tug at one ear.
Something was off about it. Normally, Ryoka’s long hair covered her ears, but now Garia saw that her left ear had been torn sometime in the past. The lower part of her earlobe was missing, and the remainder had healed jaggedly around the round gap.
Ryoka noticed Garia staring at her ear. She dropped her hand and turned away.
“See ya.”
—-
What was the receptionist’s name? It’s still bugging me. I think it started with an ‘S’. Or was it a ‘Y’? No. I’m sure it was an s.
Either way, at least that’s done with. And now I can get out of the city and away from annoying people.*
I feel a lot better as I jog out of the city gates. Running calms me down. And I need some calming down after having to deal with idiots.**
 
*Everyone
**Almost everyone.
 
Okay, okay, calm down. I adjust my pace as I sprint out of the city gates. People are staring. Not that it matters too much, but I don’t want to waste my energy running too fast right now.
Destination: Remendia. It’s about thirty miles away, which makes it one of the furthest cities to travel to. I’ll get over there in a few hours and then jog over to its neighbor, Ocre. Or whatever it’s called. But I’ll stay the night in Remendia since it’s bigger and has better inns.
There’s a Runner’s Guild in Remendia. There’s one in almost every big city, so I can receive more requests wherever I go. That’s handy, and it means I don’t have to come back here and deal with the annoying runners around here.
Then again, they all do city-to-city deliveries as well, so I tend to run into all of them sooner or later. It’s a pain.
Well, Garia isn’t a pain. She’s just too friendly. But she’s the best of them. The rest of the City Runners can go to hell. Especially Fals.
City Runners. From what I understand of these Runners, they’re like postmen. Or postwomen. Whichever. But you can divide them into roughly three categories. There are the Street Runners, the City Runners, and the Couriers.
