1.01 D
Page 14
“I have sworn an oath. If you want him, you have to knock me out. And if you do hurt him, I will not be able to heal any more soldiers.”
She raised her voice so everyone could hear her. Thriss paused as other soldiers looked her way. He gritted his teeth.
“You’re bluffing.”
Geneva met his furious gaze calmly. She spoke as loudly and as she could, knowing every eye was on her.
“If my oath is broken, I will no longer be a [Doctor].”
She felt it was true. And Thriss didn’t have the courage to test her, she knew. Every soldier knew they were out of healing potions; if they were hurt, Geneva was the only one who could fix them up.
Thriss advanced on Geneva.
“He’s one of the lot who smashed our potions! He’s been shooting at us throughout the battle! Him and all his damn tribe!”
“Then let him go. He can walk—barely.”
Geneva knew the Centaur might not survive the night in the camp, no matter what she said. She stared at Thriss.
“Let him go. I am a [Doctor]. This is my patient.”
Thriss pointed a finger that shook at Geneva.
“I could have you executed for aiding the enemy.”
I will not use my medical knowledge to violate human rights and civil liberties, even under threat.
Geneva gritted her teeth. She stood in front of Thriss and stared the big man down.
“Do it if you must.”
“You swore to obey orders!”
“I answer to a higher oath.”
The [Doctor] and [Sergeant] stared at each other in the center of the camp full of wounded and healing soldiers. He was the first to look away.
“Damn you. Get him out of here!”
The Centaur slowly got to his feet with Okasha’s help. He stumbled, and Geneva insisted on making him a rough crutch before he left. He looked back twice at her. She watched him go. Then she went back and continued to operate.
 
—-
 
The next day, Geneva set up her tent further away from the 4th Battalion’s headquarters. And she put up a flag. It had a cross on it, red, painted with the only substance Geneva could use. She hung the flag high in the air on a piece of white cloth. Okasha asked what it meant.
“Healing. Safety.”
“Then why is it red? And why a cross?”
Geneva had no answer for that. But it was a symbol nevertheless. She hung it over her tent, and more than once she found soldiers waving flags with crosses of their own as they brought their friends to the tent. She never asked what side they were on. She just tried to save lives.
Each time someone died, it was like a bit of Geneva went with them. But when she pulled someone back, when they thanked her, a bit of her came back to life as well. She ate and slept and did all the things her body required, but Geneva lived on the operating table. She lived to help other people live.
They all had names, all had families and dreams. They asked her not to let them die, but they couldn’t pray because the gods were dead. So Geneva prayed with every cut of her improvised scalpels, and every stitch of her needle. She prayed that she would save them. She prayed to the science she’d been taught, the lessons she tried to remember, and to medicine herself. She prayed that she was making a difference.
They’d just begun operating on a man, when Geneva heard a thump and felt the explosion in her bones. She stumbled outside to find the camp was under attack.
A woman hovered in the air, blasting people with fiery orbs that exploded, and tremors that engulfed her victims. She was coming towards the tent.
