1.01 R
Page 0

Every head in the Runner’s Guild turned as the door opened. It was a conditioned response; those who ran were either quick to notice things or they were dead.
Ryoka walked over to a counter on one side of the room, ignoring the appraising looks she received. She waited until the female receptionist at the counter looked up.
“Good morning, Ryoka.”
The receptionist treated her to a friendly smile. Ryoka nodded back. She did not smile.
“Do you have any requests to turn in?”
Ryoka nodded again.
“Three seals.”
“Very well. I’ll witness your claim.”
The receptionist waited patiently as Ryoka scribbled down her name and listed the seals she’d brought in. She had to write down the composition of each seal. Two red hardwood seals and the expensive silver/sapphire seal.
“Oh, is that Magnolia’s seal? You were lucky to pick up that delivery.”
“Yep.”
Ryoka finished writing and slid the paper and quill over to the receptionist. The other woman’s smile flickered, but she added her own signature to the log.
“Most runners fight over the right to deliver something to her. She pays extra for speed, and of course she’s been known to tip generously too.”
The receptionist waited for a response. She got a silent nod.
“Thanks.”
Ryoka turned away. She walked over to a large bulletin board with pieces of paper tacked to it.
Like the Adventurer’s Guilds, the Runner’s Guild used a first-come-first-serve system when it came to giving out delivery requests. It was this board that Ryoka studied intently, ignoring the eyes still boring into the back of her head. She was used to it.
What she wasn’t used to was the loud, cheerful voice that cut through the silence.
“Hey Ryoka!”
The young woman tensed up. Her head twitched towards the door, but it was too late. Another girl was making a beeline towards her. She was shorter than Ryoka, but wider. Not from fat; rather, she looked sturdy without having the obvious muscles of a man.
Garia Strongheart slapped Ryoka on the shoulder. The taller girl’s left eye twitched, but Garia didn’t notice.
“Did you just finish your deliveries to Celum? That’s fast! I normally have a bite to eat in the markets. They do a wonderful cinnamon bun in the mornings, but I guess you already ate, right?”
The taller girl looked over at Garia and gave her a fractional nod.
“Mhm.”
“And you did it barefoot? I thought the others were just playing a prank on me when they said you ran everywhere without shoes.”
Ryoka sighed inaudibly.
“I run everywhere without shoes.”
“Why? Too cheap for them?”
Garia laughed. Ryoka did not.
“I’m just slower with shoes, that’s all.”
“Oh, so it’s a class thing? That makes sense. But is the uh, [Barefoot Runner] class better than the [Messenger] class?”
Ryoka shrugged. Below the bulletin board was a table with bundles of deliveries yet to be made. She picked out a bundle and weighed it experimentally. Too heavy. She put it back and tried another one on. Light enough to run with.
Her continuing silence and clear disinterest in conversation didn’t bother Garia, at least outwardly. The friendly girl continued to press Ryoka, asking about the road, what dangers she’d encountered, and so on. She got monosyllabic responses if she was lucky.
Ryoka studied the requests. Most were generic delivery requests. Unfortunately, they were all spaced out so that it would be hard to do more than a few without running twice as far.
A scrap of paper hiding behind two other requests caught her eye. Ryoka pulled it out and studied it. Then she showed it to Garia.
“What’s the reward for this one?”
