1.01 C
Page 3
“Now, anyone know where I can find a pencil?”
I hear a shout, and turn my head. An arrow spins me around. That one nearly got me for good! The Lieutenant drops his bow and charges with a long knife in hand.
“Aren’t you just precious? Here, catch!”
I toss the sword at her, and she dodges left. Right into the knife that’s suddenly in my hand.
But of course she’s a soldier! Big, bad, and oh-so-skillful. She deflects the knife and then rushes at me. She kicks me so hard I feel something burst in my gut. But the potion’s still in me, and you know what? It doesn’t hurt that much.
I fall to my knees as she raises the dagger over my head. She brings it down, and I bring my hand up. I catch the blade with my fingers.
“Hey, this thing’s sharp! Mind if I borrow it?”
The long, curved dagger disappears and the Lieutenant gasps. Probably because I just stabbed her in the stomach with her own weapon.
“What, no applause? Your other friend thought it was good enough to die for.”
I nudge her a few times with an elbow as she staggers back.
“Get it? Die for? No?”
The other archers charge me, screaming, trying to protect their boss.
“Oh come on. One at a time. Form a line!”
I pull an arrow out of my shoulder and slash at one of the soldiers. He dodges. Ooh, he’s got a knife too.
He should have stabbed me in the face or somewhere wonderfully painful then, but I grin at him as he lunges, and he goes all stiff. His eyes go wide, and I make them even wider as I stab the arrow into his right socket.
“Look at me! Look at—oh, wait. You can’t.”
I need better material. But now the other soldiers are pausing. Their leader is desperately trying to pull the blade out and use a potion before she bleeds out. So I give them my biggest smile to show them I don’t want to hold a grudge.
They run.
“Hey! The performance isn’t over yet!”
I run after them, but I’m too slow. And blood loss and all that. I look down and realize I’m still bleeding from several spots.
“Potions. They just don’t work like they used to, do they? Back when I was a lad, we all had negative AC scores and mages could only cast 6th level spells. Bah.”
The world spins, but it’s nothing compared to the twisting in my head, and the laughter in my ears. Who’s laughing?
Oh, right. It’s me.
But I have no audience to share the funny with? I look around. Nope. Just dead bodies.
Ooh, and one freshly dead Demon lieutenant! She’s trying to drag herself away. Looks like her healing potions aren’t as nice as mine.
She screams when I twist my head and torso down to stare sideways at her. What’s wrong? I even smiled.
“Would you like to hear a joke?”
She slashes at me wildly with the dagger covered in her own blood. I tut and take it away from her.
“Not very nice is it? Now, I’m not a good [Clown]—barely past Level 20, so give me a break, will you?”
I start chatting as I drag her through the dirt and blood on the street. She’s shouting something, but I’m trying to tell a joke.
“It’s really, really good of you to put up with my bad jokes. I’m just ripping off some of the greats, you know? Improvising my act. I’ll come up with something original soon, I promise.”
She spits at me. I laugh, and she tenses.
“Okay, okay. Too real? Too personal? I know. A [Clown] should be professional. Sorry about that. On to the real material! You wanna know how I got these scars…? Nah, just yanking your leg.”
