1.01 C
Page 2
Something inside of me wants to rage out. Something in me is disappointed. Demons? These are just people with skin problems. They’re no different than humans. They work as a team—they fight and kill, and they probably fear and hate us as much as we hate them.
What a crappy thing to be afraid of.
But that’s not what a [Clown] does! My thoughts twist, and my lips do the same. A [Clown] points out the way the world is broken and laughs at it. I’m an entertainer. A funny guy.
“Smile, smile, smile.”
The Troll runs past the group of archers, ignoring their leader’s orders to stop or take a bath. And now they’re looking around. Oh my. Did I scare the big bad demons?
One of them looks my way and shouts something. The others raise their bows and take aim, but uncertainly. Oops. I’m in the shadows, aren’t I? Well, time for the dramatic reveal.
I step out and give them a big grin and a bow. First impressions are important. And I must be a good showman.
Oddly, they all freeze when my face comes into view. Why? Is it my winning smile? Something on my face?
“Don’t look so frightened. I’m here to put a smile on your faces. Want to hear a funny joke?”
The Demon lieutenant raises her bow. She looses an arrow at my head before I can blink.
Something rips open my cheek. I blink, and touch at the cut flesh.
“Hey! I nearly died!”
She blinks at me. I glare at her, and then grin as I lick the blood.
“What do you call a fat man standing in front of a bunch of archers? A pincushion?”
I laugh and the Demons stare at me uncertainly. Don’t they get the joke? Or can’t they hear me? That’s even funnier.
“HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA—”
Another arrow misses my head as I double over, full of mirth. Whoops! I stand back upright, and spread my arms out. I walk towards them, shouting merrily.
“Come on then! Fire! Fill me full of arrows!”
The archers hesitate. They’ve never seen anyone just walk at them, arms stretched out wide. I grin at the gleaming arrow tips.
One of them fires. This time he hits me in the leg. I stumble, but hey, what’s an arrow between friends? There’s a potion in my pocket. I pull it out of the air and drink it as another one hits my other leg. And I move towards them.
“Do you really think—”
Another arrow appears in my chest and I stumble. But the potion works. I regain my footing and keep walking.
“Do you really think you can shoot a guy with a great smile like mine?”
The arrow tips are seeking my heart. But they’ve missed. And there’s nothing for them to pierce, anyways. My heart’s in my mouth. Get it? Ha.
One of the leather-clad Demons lowers his bow as I draw close to him. He rips a sword out of his sheathe. Ooh, scary.
I wave at him, and smile wider. His eyes are wide as he stares at me. What? Am I that ugly or is it the lack of horns?
“Hey. Wanna see a magic trick?”
He blinks at the unfamiliar words. But that’s okay; I’m going to show him. I flick my hand, and a knife appears in it. I’d prefer a bunny, but they’re harder to kill people with.
The archer isn’t ready for that. He hesitates, and I slash at his throat.
I miss. He’s got a Skill, or maybe he’s just more athletic than an uncoordinated guy with arrows sticking out his chest. He leans back and the knife strikes his armor instead. The impact jars the blade out of my hand.
Oops. He stabs towards me with a sword, and I grab his hand. He shakes me off and tries to slash at me, but suddenly he’s not holding anything. His sword is gone. I waggle my fingers at him.
“Tada.”
Then I pull it back out and run him through with it. He chokes, and I laugh as I push him away.
