1.01 R
Page 1
Garia looked at the piece of paper and shook her head.
“Oh that? It’s one of the old-style requests. You get them now and then. Someone sends a message that they want a delivery and they promise payment. But we have no idea how much they’re willing to pay and who they want the package  delivered to. At least it’s confirmed.”
“Confirmed?”
“That means we can at least prove they’re not bandits. Who’s this one from? Oh. Don’t take this request.”
“Why not?”
“It’s for the High Passes. Very nasty place. More runners have died there than—well, it’s bad. Tons of monsters live around the area.”
“Hmm.”
Ryoka’s expression didn’t change as she studied the request. But then she looked elsewhere. Garia picked out another request and showed it to Ryoka.
“How about you and I do this delivery of ore to Pelingor? It would be a long haul, but they’re offering a gold coin for delivery today! Plus the roads are very safe. Whaddya say?”
The other girl studied the notice and eyed the packs. They were filled to bursting and were as heavy as they looked.
“I’ll pass.”
“Again?”
Garia looked disappointed. Ryoka shrugged awkwardly.
“I’m not good at running in groups.”
“Well, if you’re sure. But we should run together sometime. How about in a few days we do the Tern Road run and deliver the spices to Celers and Remendia?”
Again, Ryoka’s expression didn’t change, but she looked up at the ceiling as she considered Garia’s request.
“Fine.”
Garia beamed and slapped Ryoka on the back. Again, the other girl’s eye twitched.
“Great! I’ll let you know when it comes up.”
“Sure.”
Ryoka selected a piece of paper as Garia turned away. But then the door opened and she heard Garia call out.
“Fals!”
More runners walked into the guild. Their arrival was greeted with much more enthusiasm and energy that Ryoka’s had been. A few other runners moved over as the three people who had entered strolled up to the receptionist’s counter and offered her silver seals.
Garia joined the group around the runners and grinned up at the tallest one. He was a blonde, tanned runner with long legs and red clothing that was better quality than the other runners around him. He also wore two daggers at his belt.
“Fals, how’re you doing?”
Fals grinned at Garia and exchanged slaps on the shoulder. He pointed to the other two runners accompanying him, a young man and a woman.
“We just finished a run to a group of adventurers out near the old ruins. Brought a bunch of potions and supplies. They tipped well, so we’re going to celebrate.”
Garia sighed enviously.
“And you don’t have a scratch on you.”
“We’re not stupid enough to get near the monsters.”
Fals laughed and the other runners laughed with him.
“So why are you here? Going to accept another assignment?”
He shook his head.
“Nah. I’m too tired for that. No, I just wanted to have a word with our newest runner here.”
He walked over to Ryoka. The other runners who’d congregated around him fell away, leaving just his two friends and Garia.
“Ryoka, how’re you doing?”
The other girl had finished picking out two requests. She looked up from stowing the deliveries in her backpack.
“Fine.”
Fals waited, but that was it. Garia shifted uncomfortably and the other two runners glared at Ryoka. She looked expressionlessly back at them. However, Fals took the lapse in stride.
“Good, good. I was wondering if you needed any advice, what with you being so new. Normally, most runners begin as Street Runners first.”
Ryoka shrugged. Again, Fals broke the silence before it grew too onerous.
“Well, I noticed you took Magnolia’s request this morning. It’s a good run, isn’t it?”
