1.01 D
Page 5
Two soldiers were dumping a corpse next to the others. But it was not a corpse. Geneva could see it moving, and unlike the soldier who’d had muscle spasms, there was no way to imitate this.
“Wait! He’s not dead!”
Geneva ran forwards. The soldiers turned as she knelt at the side of the moving body. She paused when she saw the injury.
Half of his body had been blown away. A mage’s spell had struck him. Geneva was beginning to notice the signs. And what remained—Geneva blinked at the corpse.
It was a Human’s corpse, but something had happened to it. All the color seemed to have drained out of the skin, and what remained looked—wrong. He almost looked albino, but his hair was a dark red.
The soldier shook his head at Geneva.
“Selphid.”
“What?”
They looked at her as if she was crazy for not knowing. Geneva stared back at them as the hand on the left side of the man’s body raised and lowered oddly, as if he was a puppet that someone was trying to move with only one string.
“They’re body-snatchers. Parasites. They live in corpses and move them about.”
Like brain slugs? Or—they lived inside of bodies? Geneva bent down and looked at the destroyed section of the body.
Something was squirming in the insides. Geneva looked closer, and saw where the left side of the corpse had been burned away, something was wriggling in the insides. Something was living in the body. Or it had been.
The corpse was clearly trying to move, but it was also clearly malfunctioning, or else the Selphid wasn’t able to control it after having half of its own body blown away. The soldier turned away in disgust, and his companion made the same expression.
“Leave it. The Selphids don’t have parts like normal folk. If it can’t get into another body it’ll die.”
“But it’s injured.”
“So? Selphids aren’t people.”
Geneva could see yellow fluid leaking from the squirming thing inside the body. She took a breath.
“I’m going to operate on it.”
“What?”
“It will die without help. And maybe I can transplant it. Put it in line with the others.”
The soldiers stared at Geneva, but they did what she said. Geneva stood up, and walked back into her tent.
The living flashed before her eyes, some becoming dead while she stood in her tent, and then sat when her legs started to give out. She could stitch people up, but the deeper wounds still eluded her. Her assistants still couldn’t move fast enough, and they kept rotating out of the tent. Some threw up as she was cutting into her victims, and even the bravest of them had to look away at times. Geneva had already gone numb to the smell of blood and feces as the injured and dead voided themselves.
And then the soldiers dumped a corpse on her table. Geneva stared at it until she remembered the Selphid. It was still twitching in the corpse, but weakly. The one eye of the dead man tried to move, but they couldn’t fix on her face.
“Can you hear me?”
Geneva spoke to the dead body. The leg kicked feebly. Geneva waited, but the mouth didn’t move.
“I am going to operate on you. I will try to save your life. But I need your permission.”
There were countless rules regarding malpractice Geneva had been taught in school. If she was in the emergency room in a hospital she would be judged by the professional standards of care and state laws. But here there was no oversight, just herself.
She had a duty to save lives. But she had no idea what Selphids were like. She could kill the creature in the person’s body just by slicing him open. So she had to ask.
