1.01 H
Page 6
Cervial bared his teeth.
“There’s no way in hell I’m retreating, not without a huge pile of gold to put on my people’s tombstones.”
“I’m right with you, but how—?”
“I have a plan.”
Every adventurers turned and the arguing stopped as Calruz spoke. Ceria looked up from her second mana potion and had to stop herself from raising her eyebrows. Calruz? His plans were about as complex as a Goblin’s, and everyone knew it. Including him. He left all of the finesse to Gerial and Ceria.
But the Minotaur had taken the stage and it was her job to back him up. Or kick him in the tail if he said something really stupid.
“We should face them all at once.”
Ceria’s foot twitched, but Gerald was quicker.
“Are you mad, Calruz? Why in the hells do you want to do that? They nearly tore us apart in that ambush and you want to take on the rest all at once?”
The Minotaur snorted at him.
“You speak of seeking them out in their homes, but that is foolish. We are adventurers. We are stronger than they are. If we remove the element of surprise and cowardly attacks from behind, we stand a better chance of wiping them out at once than fighting with our backs to the walls every five minutes.”
The other Captains and vice-Captains fell silent at that. Yvlon raised her eyebrows and looked at Lir, who nodded.
“Calruz is right. In a straight battle without an ambush we’d hold the advantage. If we could turn it into that I’d place all my bets on our side winning handily. But how do you propose we do that, Calruz? Those monsters aren’t exactly smart, but they’re clever enough not to commit to an all-out attack. You saw how they retreated once we put the barriers up.”
“I will lure them out. If one of you possesses a [Loudness] spell or something similar, I will provoke them into attacking.”
“I know that spell. But are the rest of you agreed…?”
Lir glanced around. Yvlon hesitated before nodding, but Gerald and Cervial were already picking up their weapons.
Calruz glanced around.
“You. [Tactician]. Do you have any skills that would turn the tide of battle?”
Olesm gulped.
“Yes. A…a few. One good one. Should I use it now…?”
“No. Wait. We will recover a while longer. And then we will go and destroy those who would take our own.”
Calruz’s eyes flashed. He lifted his battleaxe and the adventurers began to stand. It swept over them, a moment of passion that turned to anger. They had been attacked. Hurt. Some of their friends had died. It was time to fight again.
Ceria felt the same mood swing through her. She eyed her wand and estimated that she could cast quite a number of spells before she ran out of mana. Yes, the undead had struck first and done damage. But they hadn’t killed the adventurers.
Now it was their turn to strike back.
 
—-
 
Calruz strode down the corridor and waited as the adventurers formed up around him. He hadn’t gone too far from their room which was now their camp for the wounded and where they’d fittingly placed their dead. He waited with his hands on his axe as Lir cast the spell to amplify his voice.
“Done. I’ll cast a [Muffle] spell so we don’t get the worst of whatever you’re about to do.”
Calruz nodded. He stared into the darkness. All of the undead had vanished into the darkness, leaving only the truly dead behind. Yvlon stood next to Calruz, staring up at him curiously.
“Do you have [Taunt] as a skill? I don’t know that would even work on the dead…”
“Pah.”
