1.01 H
Page 5
“A Crypt Lord is a threat capable of wiping out a Silver-rank team if they’re not careful. Estimated level is…around 22. Possibly 26 if you factor in their special abilities. They’re mostly dangerous because they can command the dead around them to do things like lie in wait or use pincer attacks.”
Gerald swore.
“Gods. No wonder Charlez and his team didn’t make it out. We very nearly didn’t either.”
“Good job on that [Illumination] spell, Ceria. Without it we would have been cooked.”
Ceria bowed her head as Yvlon nodded at her. Cervial nodded dully and Gerald grunted.
“Yes, and the mages certainly saved us. But there’s a problem. Where’s that damned lizard?”
“W-who? Me?”
Gerald scowled across the room at Olesm. The Drake flinched as he stormed towards him.
“You! I saw you running away! I should run you through myself, you coward!”
Olesm raised his hands as Gerald’s fists tightened.
“Please, allow me to explain—”
“Hold it Gerald!”
Another mage sitting with his back to a wall raised his hand wearily as Gerald’s face reddened. He pointed at Olesm.
“That Drake didn’t run. He saved us. And you as well. When the undead were running at us, he got a group of us mages and used a skill to let us escape the ambush. That let us get back here and open a path for the rest of you.”
“What?”
Gerald stared incredulously at Olesm. The Drake grinned nervously at him.
“[Rapid Retreat]. It’s ah, a [Tactician] skill although many [Thieves] and similar classes know it too. I heard Calruz shouting to get back over here and I thought the rest of you would be right behind me.”
The adventurers murmured in appreciation. Gerald hesitated, and then nodded slowly.
“Well. Good job. My apologies. Thank you for doing that. If you hadn’t—”
“It was a terrible ambush. My [Dangersense] only went off at the last moment. If we’d paid more attention to the scouts—”
“They were our best. Nothing should have been able to take out all of them without making a sound. Not even a horde of the undead. All of them had escape skills. So how—”
Yvlon rested a hand on Cervial’s shoulder comfortingly. She looked around at the other adventurers.
“We can worry about that after the threat is gone. Those spells won’t last forever. And we need a fast decision. Do we press on, now we know how many undead are out there, including Crypt Lords? Or do we retreat?”
“Retreat?”
Even Cervial raised his head at that word. He shook his head, dark fury in his eyes.
“No. We don’t do that. That was an ambush, not a fair fight. We’re going to go after those monsters and shoot them to bits.”
“Any idea on how?”
That came from Gerial. He stood at the barrier and stared out into the darkness. Ceria’s [Illumination] spell had cast light on the entire floor, but only as far as she’d walked. The branching corridor was still dark, and not a single undead could be seen from where he stood.
“They’ve already hidden themselves again. If we keep going, we’ll just run into another ambush. Granted, we know it’s coming, but I’d rather not do that again.”
Lir nodded as he got to his feet slowly.
“We could set traps and fortify this location. If we need to retreat—”
“An extended battle like that is risky. We’d be looking over our shoulders the entire time, and we’d never know we got them all.”
Yvlon sighed as she wiped her sword clean with a cloth.
“Those Crypt Lords are deadly. We need to take them out first. Do that, and the rest of the undead lose a lot of their threat.”
“Do we have any way of detecting them? A spell?”
“We could search for trapped rooms, but we’ll burn through magic fast that way. It’s risky.”
