1.01 C
Page 4
I pull it and she gasps a bit and tries to get away. I kick her in her half-healed wound and she convulses. Then I pull the knife out and shove it in her mouth. Not too far, just far enough that it tickles the back of her throat. Her eyes go wide as I bring my grinning face right up to hers.
“Here’s the joke! All you—you people out there. You’re fighting against these humans and you think you’re the scariest things around. But here’s the funny thing: you’re just killing people like you. Ordinary people who become soldiers. We called you monsters and you believed it. But listen. You’ve never seen a real monster.”
I shove the knife a bit further into her mouth and she gurgles. The whites of her eyes are showing as I bring my grinning face close to hers.
I’m smiling. I can’t stop. Her rough skin rasps below my gloved hands as I whisper in her ears.
“Why so serious? Can’t you take a joke?”
That was cheap. But she still doesn’t hear me. The Demon officer shouts something as I drag her down the street. Towards a burning building. I can hear the horses screaming in their stable.
“Shh. Shh. Let’s go say hi to the nice horsies, shall we?”
There’s a heavy bar on the door. I huff and puff and nearly pull a muscle getting it out! By the time the doors open, the lieutenant is trying to run down the street.
“Hold on, hold on! We just got to the good part! And after you came all this way—let’s watch the final part of the show together, shall we?”
I tackle her to the ground and grab her by the ankle. Ooh, cloven hooves. Kinky.
She kicks me a few times in the face, but I don’t leg go. I’m just watching the stables. Any second now…
The horses inside the stable are nearly mad from fear and panic from the flames and blood in the air. When they sense there’s a way out, they kick through their paddocks and rush towards the exit.
The doors fly open. The horses rush out. The Demon girl I’m holding screams and tries to get away, but I hold her in place.
“My little pony, my little pony…something, something, look out for the hooves!”
The maddened horses stampede past us, screaming and braying so loudly I can’t even hear the Lieutenant screaming. She doesn’t even try to move; just curls up into a ball and completely misses the entertainment!
Me? I’m laughing.
The first horse knocks me flat and I hear ringing. And laughing. Another one hits me in the face and my nose breaks. Another steps on my hand. The bones break and I feel the flesh ripping. And I’m still laughing.
 
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha—
 
It’s morning and the sunlight is bright on my skin before I realize she’s gone. I blink, look down, and notice the blood. It’s all over me. On my hands, my face, my clothes…
I’m standing in a ring of bodies. Not human bodies; Demon corpses. Soldiers. They’re all dead.
Except one. How do I keep missing the last guy? Must be a blind spot. Probably the eye I can’t see out of at the moment.
I turn towards him staggering a bit. Hey, what happened to my body? Looks like someone tap-danced on my skin with a pair of skates.
The Demon soldier flinches as I turn my face towards him. I try to appear composed. Shame on me. I’m at a wake, after all. His. Did he hear me chuckling?
