1.01 D
Page 16
Then, he shouted something at the other Centaurs. They paused, and he shouted again, pointing. They whirled, and began to gallop out of the camp.
The Centaur remained behind. He stared at Geneva. Slowly, he walked towards her. He stared down at Okasha, and Geneva stared up. He opened his mouth to speak—
“Die!”
The Centaur’s head caved in as a mace struck it from the side. Geneva screamed and Thriss pulled his mace back and struck the Centaur again. The young man fell to the ground silently, and the sergeant turned to Geneva.
“You.”
She opened her mouth but he struck her with one hand. She fell face-first to the ground and then heard him roar.
“Traitor!”
She tried to stand up, but she couldn’t. Something hit her back, so hard the world flashed white. Thriss had struck her with the mace, so hard she felt her spine cracking.
“Traitor!”
He raised the mace and brought it down on Geneva’s back again. She screamed and felt something breaking. She tried to move, but suddenly she couldn’t.
Thriss spat on Geneva from above. He raised his mace and gasped as a blade burst through his chest. Okasha twisted, and Thriss choked as he fell forwards. The mace fell from his hands and splashed on the muddy ground.
Okasha pulled the arrow from her throat, ignoring the damage it did as it pulled out of her dead skin. Geneva stared up at her.
“I’m dying. My spine is broken.”
She couldn’t move. The Selphid stared down at Geneva and said something. Geneva grinned. She couldn’t hear anymore, either. No one was screaming. She was the only person in need of medical attention right now, but that was fine. There was no one for her, and she didn’t need help anyways. It was growing very dark.
She closed her eyes. Geneva felt everything fade.
She died.
 
—-
 
And then she woke up again. Geneva’s eyes snapped open and she sat up. She sat up?
She stared around. She was lying on the ground. Water was falling on her face. She looked up. Rain was falling between the cracks of the jungle canopy. It was mixing with Thriss’s blood, pelting the corpse of the Centaur.
Slowly, Geneva raised her left hand. She flexed it slowly, and tried to raise her right arm. It wouldn’t move. Geneva stared at it.
“I could not repair everything.”
A voice whispered in her ears. No—inside her ears. Geneva paused. The voice was familiar.
“Okasha?”
Something was wrong. Something was very wrong. Geneva felt something…twisting inside of her. Something was in her.
“I am here now. I had to bridge the gap to make you move. You will not bleed to death, but you require healing.”
Geneva wanted to throw up. Her stomach heaved, but something was in her as well. It held back the reflex.
“You had to live. There was no other way.”
It must have only been a few minutes. Geneva stared around the camp. It was in ruins, but she could hear the screaming. Men and women and people of other species were still alive. Some had been hit by arrows; others had been trampled.
And that’s when Geneva heard the rumbling, and more shouts. She looked over and saw covered carts rolling slowly through the jungle. Teams of soldiers in bright, untarnished armor marched around the wagons, pointing and shouting as they saw the devastation in the camp.
Geneva began to laugh. She heard a sound in her head.
“What is it?”
“The supply wagons have finally arrived.”
Soldiers were swinging themselves out of the wagons, and those on the ground were rushing towards the fallen. Geneva willed her legs to stand, and they did. But she could feel something else had helped them move.
