1.01 H
Page 4
The adventurers watched, tense, until the undead began to pull back. The four Crypt Lords stared silently at the magic and then began walking back into the darkness. The undead followed silently. In a matter of minutes they were gone.
The battle was over. And just as if another spell had been cast, suddenly Ceria could hear the other noises around her. Men and women crying out in pain, the voices, the scraping of metal and splashing as people poured potions over wounds or took off armor to get at injures—all the noises that had been covered by the pounding of her heart.
“Screw me with a Wyvern’s tooth, what the hell was that?”
Gerald was shouting in the center of the milling adventurers. He was holding a piece of cloth to stop the bleeding as a healing potion regenerated a huge bite that had been taken out of one of his legs. He pointed to the corridor filled with corpses.
“They tore us apart out there! That was an ambush! A damn ambush from the undead!”
“How many people are injured? Who’s missing?”
Yvlon strode around the room, listening as adventurers called out. Ceria looked around for her group and ran to the Horns of Hammerad. Miraculously, they were all there. Marian, Gerial, Calruz, Sostrom—
“Hunt? Where’s Hunt?”
Ceria looked around in sudden panic.
“Here. He’s here, Ceria.”
One of the other warriors, Barr, pointed to the ground. Ceria saw Hunt was lying with his head propped up against a pack, his face twisted into a grimace, hands frozen in a clawed position.
“What—”
“A Wight got him from behind. It raked him with those damn paralyzing claws and he froze up. He’s okay—but the magic isn’t going away for a while.”
Ceria sighed in relief. It wasn’t good—Hunt was out of commission, but he wasn’t dead. She looked at the other adventurers. They were all battered, including herself. Even with healing potions, they all had some injuries. Except for Calruz. The Minotaur looked like he’d barely taken a scratch in the fight, and only the gore painting every inch of his battleaxe testified to his involvement.
“Ceria. It is good you are well. The lighting spell was well-timed, as was the fireball.”
He nodded at her as he scanned the room. She opened her mouth for a scathing retort, and closed it.
“Yeah. I’m glad everyone’s here. How many people didn’t make it?”
The answer was six, which was nothing short of a miracle. But it was really only six dead, and many more wounded. Most of the injuries the adventurers had taken could be cured with healing potions, but several had lost fingers or limbs, and some had broken bones in ways that couldn’t be healed with a mere potion.
The hardest-hit group had been Cervial’s Flawess Flight. They’d lost two in the ambush, and two more in the scouting group. He was weeping as he reloaded his crossbow with another bolt.
“I fired it right at the damn monster, but it just took Elise and ate her. Damn it. Damn them.”
“That was a disaster.”
Lir agreed as he rested on a stone slab. His face was grey, a sign he’d used too much magic. Ceria felt the same way, although the mana potion she’d taken was helping.
“How did they sneak up on us like that? We let our guards down, thinking the undead couldn’t.”
“They were being lead by Crypt Lords, that’s how. Those bastards can command the other dead.”
“Crypt Lords. I’ve never fought their kind. Those giant things at the back—they can think?”
Lir and Ceria nodded.
“How dangerous are they?”
