1.01 H
Page 3
“Ceria!”
“Sostrom!”
“You take that side I’ll take this.”
They stood back-to-back, blasting corpses back with their magic. Ceria spotted Calruz and several other warriors fighting the Crypt Lords, keeping the four massive creatures at bay while the lesser undead tried to break through the ranks of adventurers.
“We need more space!”
Sostrom yelled it in Ceria’s ears. She nodded.
“There! Get to Lir!”
The two mages ran back, letting other warriors close the gap. The mage-Captain was hurling lightning with his staff at a Crypt Lord. Ceria grabbed him by the shoulder and he spun.
“We need to cut them off! Can you cast a spell?”
He shouted back.
“I can! But I need an opening! And the dead are behind us as well!”
“No!”
Both Lir and Ceria stared at Sostrom. He pointed.
“Look!”
Another hole had opened up behind the embattled adventurers. Flashes of light and spells blasted apart zombies and skeletons. More adventurers, fighting in the burial room they’d passed.
“There’s our opening! If you can buy us time—”
“Give me a minute. Can you clear the area first?”
Ceria nodded.
“Sostrom—”
“On it.”
He covered both mages as they began to concentrate again. Ceria raised her wand and felt the heat building in her wand. She aimed and shouted at the adventurers in front of her.
“I’m going to cast a big one. Everyone get back!”
They looked around, saw the fiery glow coming from her wand, and scattered to the left and right. Ceria saw Gerial ram into Calruz to get the Minotaur to move aside. She aimed at one of Crypt Lords as it swiped at the retreating adventurers.
“[Fireball]!”
A glowing orange orb of fire as large as a basketball burst from her wand. It shot down the corridor and struck the Crypt Lord in the chest.
Ceria felt the blast kick her backwards and heard only ringing. Sostrom caught her, and for a few seconds all was smoke and confusion. Then Ceria saw the Crypt Lord howling, caught ablaze and the dead around it scattered, literally in fiery pieces or thrown to the ground.
She shouted at the mage next to her.
“Now, Lir!”
His face was covered in sweat. Lir raised his staff and pointed at the open space as the undead tried to gather for another charge.
“[Wall of Flames].”
Fire burst from his staff and shot past the adventurers, some of whom were unlucky enough to be scorched by the magical flames. A curtain of fire blocked off the corridor, each flame reaching nearly to the ceiling. The adventurers in front fell back, as the undead entered the flames and retreated, burning and screaming.
“Now—everyone, to the rear!”
Yvlon’s voice rose and the adventurers turned. Some of the undead had been caught behind the fire. They were hacked to pieces and the group ran back to the large room.
“The spell is about to run out! Mages, buy us some time.”
Lir nodded. He raised his staff and two more mages joined him. They pointed at the single entrance to the room and walls of light and magical runes appeared on the floor, blocking entry.
“[Ward of Safety].”
“[Lesser Barrier].”
“[Sanctuary of Light].”
None of them were particularly high-level spells, all being Tier 1 and Tier 2, but together they did what an individual spell would not.
Ceria saw the wall of flames spell Lir had cast die out, and then the undead ran at the barrier. But they crashed against the spells and though they struck and hit the magical walls, they were unable to break through.
