1.01
Page 0

After a few minutes, the traveler sat back up. No, not a traveler. She hadn’t intended to travel anywhere tonight. The young woman frowned as she rubbed at her face. She’d been going to the bathroom and…she must have taken a wrong step somewhere.
A really big wrong step, because instead of walking into her bathroom and seeing the comforting sight of porcelain, she’s suddenly found herself in a cave, nose-to-nose with a—
Dragon.
The young woman shot to her feet, heart pounding. She looked around and remembered she was in the inn. But the memory was fresh, and her burned arm—she felt at it and winced.
“This is no dream.”
But it felt like one. It felt like she was in a dream, because that would be so much easier to explain than reality. The reluctant traveler took a deep breath, and then another, and coughed.
“Dusty. Ahem!”
She tried to rationalize what was happening. First things first.
“Who am I? I’m Erin. Check! We’re off to a good start.”
She smiled weakly. That’s right. Her name was Erin. Erin Solstice. It wasn’t an easy name to forget. And though it was hers, she did object to parts of it. For instance, Erin could have been a boy’s name, and she was a girl. At least, she had been a girl. Erin poked herself with a frown.
“Yep, still a girl. Glad to see that didn’t change. Now…inventory check.”
She felt at her pockets. She had…two empty pockets. Wonderful. Erin had hoped her smartphone would be with her, but who carried their phones to the bathroom?
“Everyone sensible, that’s what.”
Most people began their journeys well prepared. If Erin had known she would have ended up in this place, she would have brought along a backpack crammed full of essentials. And a gun. To fight off the little green men. But she hadn’t planned this adventure. She hadn’t known it was going to happen.
How did one travel to another world, or another…another place? Erin’s forehead wrinkled as she thought. This was clearly no virtual reality,  she didn’t remember being drugged or abducted, and she was fairly certain she wasn’t crazy, although her present situation made a good case to the contrary. But if any of those logical, real-world explanations didn’t fit, that only left…
Magic. Erin didn’t believe in magic normally, but seeing a Dragon an hour ago had changed her outlook on the existence of the fantastical quite rapidly. And yet…there had been no summoning portal, no mystical ritual or feeling of stepping into the void. Heck, there hadn’t even been a loud ding to indicate something had happened.
“I just wanted to go to the bathroom.”
She hadn’t opened the wrong door or stepped into a wardrobe. Erin clutched at her head. This was impossible. She was going insane. No, she’d already gone insane and this empty inn was her mental depiction of the padded room they’d tossed her in. It was as plausible an answer as anything else.
However, if she was insane, she was still sitting here in her head. So Erin looked around cautiously. The inn. What a strange place it was. Erin had never been in an inn—or even a building made exclusively out of wood before. But there it was. Wooden walls, wooden beams in the ceiling, wooden staircase leading up…
“Am I in some kind of medieval world? Some kind of fantasy world?”
The haunting emptiness of the inn struck Erin harder the more she looked around. At first, she’d just been pathetically grateful to spot any kind of structure in the rolling grasslands she’d found herself in. Erin had run towards the inn full-speed. But now, having found herself in the inn, Erin was ill at ease.
