1.02
Page 3
That was the voice in Erin’s head. She couldn’t waste her breath because all the air in her body was devoted to keeping her running as fast as she could.
Behind her Erin could feel something huge barely miss her back. She sped up even faster, but it sounded like it was right behind her. The giant crab was making a sound as it ran after her too, a loud clicking that sounded like gunshots going off next to Erin’s head.
So she ran faster.
Eventually the clicking stopped and Erin realized she couldn’t hear anything behind her. She stopped and turned to see a rock with many legs slowly moving back across the plains.
“What…the holy…crab?”
Erin could only gasp and clutch at her side. She felt like her legs were about to fall off, and her lungs were about to burst. She was also lightheaded, but she really didn’t want to sit down.
Instead she forced herself to keep walking. It hurt. Everything hurt. But she was still alive, crabs or no crabs.
Erin tried to smile. Her legs ached, but eventually she got her breathing back under control. And even better, she was at her destination.
“Is—is that a tree?”
Erin gaped up at the strange plants before her. They were probably trees. They had bark, leaves, and fruit. But in each aspect they were slightly—off.
The tree in front of her was thin and squat. Well, squat for a tree. It was still about ten feet tall, but its trunk looked far too narrow to support its weight. And not only that, but its leaves were huge.
“It’s like a palm tree, but with branches. And blue fruit.”
So decided Erin after she’d tested the tree, to see if she could push it over. The wood was remarkably hard – even when she went to push at low-hanging branches she could barely bend the thin wood.
“And it’s grey. Grey bark, green leaves, blue fruit. Who dropped the paint bucket on this thing?”
That said, the colors didn’t clash horribly. And what interested Erin more than the aesthetics was the edibility of the fruit. And the reachability.
Most of the blue fruits on each of the trees were clustered around the top branches. There were yellow fruits lower down, but since they were smaller they were probably also unripe. Hesitantly, Erin grabbed a branch and after testing her weight on it a few times, tried to pull herself up.
“I—hate—pull-ups!”
Her arms shook as she strained to get off the ground. After a few seconds Erin got her chin above the branch, but no further. After another second she had to let go.
Erin landed on the ground and stared up at the tantalizing blue fruits, just out of reach. If she weren’t so hungry and tired…she’d still probably never get up that high.
“Is this how I die? Starving to death because I can’t do a pull-up?”
No. That was stupid. But the more Erin thought about it…
“No. No!”
Erin jumped and managed to pull herself halfway up the first branch through sheer desperation. But her arms gave out, and she fall on her back with a whumph that knocked the air out of her.
“You…stupid tree!”
Erin’s shouts of frustration echoed in the small valley. She tried to grab the branch again, but she couldn’t even pull herself up anymore. She screamed in frustration, grabbed at her dirty hair, and then kicked the tree.
The entire tree shook slightly with the force of Erin’s kick. The leaves trembled, and the blue fruits moved—
And one fell to the ground.
Erin stared at the round, slightly fuzzy blue fruit. Then she looked up at the tree. Without a word she grabbed the fruit. Then she looked around expectantly.
“Um, shouldn’t there be some kind of announcement?”
