1.02 H
Page 7
“It opened them, and then it took Gerald and the others! Let me go. It is coming. We must run, all of us. Can’t you feel it? It is coming!”
“Who is? Skinner? Is it an undead?”
But the man refused to reply. His foot came up and he kicked Calruz hard enough to make the Minotaur grunt and stumble back. He dropped the warrior and the man scrambled to his feet. He burst through the ranks of adventurers, dashing down the corridor, his footsteps echoing and fading as he fled towards the stairs.
Calruz cursed as he rubbed at his stomach. He looked at Yvlon and the two Captains paused.
“They’re dead. But what caught them? This Skinner—”
“We should retreat. Let us gather the wounded, and go. If we have the mages cast spells to delay pursuit—”
Yvlon nodded. She turned and raised her voice to order the adventurers, but the words died in her throat.
Something. Somehow, as they had listened to the panicked adventurer screaming they hadn’t heard it. It was such a faint sound. A sort of…dragging, scraping sound. It had been growing louder, slowly. And it wouldn’t have mattered. But now it had come closer and—something—had appeared far down the corridor.
The light cast from wands, staves, and flickering torches and lanterns illuminated perhaps a hundred feet of space of the wide, empty stone passageway. At the very edges of that light, something had appeared.
Something white. It was so far away, but it filled the corridor. It looked like—a cloud? Or fog, rippling slowly towards them out of the darkness. A wall of white that moved.
But that wasn’t what caught Yvlon’s voice in her throat. It was the faint thing she could see in the middle of that unearthly cloud, the familiar shape that appeared in the darkness, staring at her.
A face.
“Gerald…?”
He didn’t react to Yvlon’s voice. The Captain of Kyrial’s Pride stared ahead blankly, his face shifting in the mists. He stared ahead blankly, face pale and bloodless. And his head—it was moving in ways a head shouldn’t, not if it were attached to a body.
The white sea surrounding him rippled closer, but now the adventurers could see another face slowly float upwards. Cervial. He stared ahead, gaze empty and vacant, moving in the same disturbing way as Gerald.
“Cervial! Is that you?”
Again, no response.
Closer. Now the mists didn’t seem as transparent. It wasn’t mist, but something else. Something that rippled and shook as it was pulled along the corridor. Closer.
“Gerald, Cervial! Answer me! What’s going on? Are you alright?”
Neither face moved. Neither head twitched. The adventurers watched Gerald stare ahead, eyes unseeing.
They knew. They knew what had happened. And as Lir’s head emerged from the folds of the creature in front of them and it pulled itself into the light, they understood what they were seeing.
Flesh. Dead flesh. It rippled, shook, twisted, shining in the light. It was yellowed in places, fleshy pink in others, bloody in spots. But mainly white. White with age and bloodless death. It was dead skin, layered and congealed.
It was a body. And the faces of their friends, the Captains—
They were part of it.
Not just their faces. Their skin. As the creature drew closer, several men and women gagged or vomited in place. This—thing was made up of bodies. Entire bodies, skinned. Torn from their owners and pasted together.
