1.02
Page 4
No response. Erin kicked the tree again and picked up another fruit.
“[Mysterious Blue Fruit acquired!] Dun dun dun dun!”
…
After a little bit, Erin put her head in her hands to cover her blushing face.
“…I hate this world.”
Once she was done, Erin looked at the fruit in her hands. There wasn’t much to see. It was blue, it was probably a fruit, and it was pretty large. Erin had seen monster apples before in stores, the weirdly expensive ones that were three times as big as their smaller cousins. That was about the size of the blue fruit.
Her stomach rumbled just looking at it. Erin raised the fruit to her mouth, and then hesitated.
“…Am I going to die?”
It was a good question. Erin studied the fruit in her hand. She sniffed it cautiously. It smelled faintly…sweet. She poked it. Tender. Probably succulent. Then she licked the outside.
“Pheh! Hairy!”
Maybe it would be better to peel it after all. Maybe it was actually some kind of alien monster she was holding and if she bit it she’d be eating a mouthful of guts and blood. That thought made Erin hesitate for few minutes before she started peeling it away.
“It’s like a peach. Not a monster, not a monster…”
Erin peeled off the outer layer of blue fruit and found the inside of the blue fruit was a purplish-blue. The juice ran to the ground and smelled…Erin’s stomach grumbled but she’d found something else that caught her attention.
“That is the biggest seed I’ve ever seen. There’s more seed here than fruit!”
Erin held up the core of the blue fruit, which was indeed a seed core two thirds the size of the blue fruit itself. The shell was a stained purple-brown, but Erin felt something sloshing about inside when she shook it.
“Okay, time to see what’s inside.”
She’d need a rock for that. Erin transferred the seed core to her other hand and stood up. As she did, she squeezed the core gently.
Crack. Crack.
Hollow. The brown shell split open and disgorged a mess of pulpy seeds and brown juice onto Erin’s pants and the ground. She stared at the mess in silence until the pungent odor hit her nose – an incredibly chemical smell similar to antifreeze or some kind of cleaning product.
Slowly, Erin stood up and brushed the seed vomit off her clothes. That did nothing to get rid of the smell, though. Then she picked up the pieces of the seed’s core and hurled them as hard as she could against one of the trees.
“I hate this world!”
 
—-
 
After a while her stomach began to growl again as the smell from the seed pod dissipated in the morning air. Hesitantly, Erin grabbed the second blue fruit and brought it to her lips. This time she bit into the outer skin and chewed. The texture was unpleasantly rubbery and tough to chew, but thankfully it was edible. And what was more—
“Wow. This tastes really good!”
That was the remark Erin made after she’d consumed eight more of the blue fruits, all in rapid succession. The seed pods she left untouched on the ground, but she happily devoured the outer rinds, stripping an entire tree clean before she was finally full.
Groaning with satisfaction she sat back against the tree. She felt good. Sticky, smelly, true, but good. The day was fair and warm, and with her stomach full and the soft grass beneath her there was only one thought on her mind.
Bathroom.
Maybe it was something in the fruits that triggered it, or maybe it was just long overdue.  Either way, Erin was suddenly, keenly aware of a certain need pressing at her. Erin sighed and stood back up.
“Nature calls. I hate nature.”
