1.02 R
Page 3
Ryoka stowed the seal securely in her waist pouch and then peeked around the wall. The Lich was exchanging fireballs with another mage wearing a red wizard’s hat. She nodded to herself and lowered into a sprinter’s crouch.
“Wait—are you going?”
Ryoka didn’t glance at the vice-captain as she tried to judge when would be the best moment.
“Yep.”
“You can’t! I mean, that’s even crazier!”
The vice-captain stared at Ryoka in consternation, and then looked at his leader for support. Calruz was trying to open one of the bottles. He grunted as he pulled the cork out of one of the bottles and downed the thick, syrupy green liquid.
“Let her go if she wants. Runner—thanks for the assistance. Not many of your lot would do this.”
She paused.
“No problem.”
He nodded to her. She nodded back.
“At least let us reassemble and give you a diversion. Once we get these potions to all our members we can finally bring this guy down.”
Ryoka thought about it.
“That’ll take too long. You want an opening? I’ll give you one. I’ve got more deliveries to make.”
The vice-captain tore at what hair he could reach underneath his helmet.
“He’ll blast you the instant you leave cover!”
She grinned at the vice-captain, breaking her expressionless mask.
“He can try.”
 
—-
 
The adventuring party, Horns of Hammerad, watched the Runner break out of the ruins and sprint away even as the Lich fired a final parting bolt of lightning in her direction. He missed.
“She did it. She actually did it.”
“She told you.”
Calruz grinned, and grimaced as the icicle in his chest shifted. He took a deep breath and cracked the ice with one massive forearm to let the rest of it slide out of his stomach. Even as he did, the magical powers of the healing potion he’d downed began to knit the flesh of his stomach closed.
“Is that a new Runner? She must be. I haven’t ever seen her before, and I think I would have remembered hearing about one as crazy as that.”
“She looks different, for a human. Although you lot all look alike to me.”
“She is different. From another continent, maybe?”
“Maybe. Did everyone get the potions?”
“I tossed them over while she was drawing the Lich’s attention. They should be good. You need another?”
“I’m fine. Better than fine, actually, thanks to that Runner.”
Calruz grinned and shattered the potion bottle in his gauntleted fist. He stood up, the flow of blood already slowing. He hefted his battleaxe.
“I’d like to buy her a drink. But right now we’ve got a contract to fulfill. Everyone ready?”
The magic linking him to the rest of his adventuring party let him hear their acknowledgement. The Minotaur grinned.
“Alright, then. Let’s see how this Lich likes fighting us when we’re at full strength. Charge!”
As one, the Horns of Hammerad abandoned their position in the ruins and began a full-scale assault on the Lich and the remaining undead.
 
—-
 
After she’d run ten miles away from the Ruins, Ryoka finally stops to catch her breath. Her lungs are burning, and her legs feel like jelly. The adrenaline is finally draining out of her, and she feels exhausted, despite only having run for a few minutes.
She can still feel tingling in her legs from the lightning bolts missing her skin. Her left arm is singed, and she feels blisters already forming on her skin.
She nearly died. Ryoka knows this, and her legs tremble. She still feels cold as she remembers gazing into the hollow eyes of the Lich. He was a monster capable of wiping her out with a single spell.
She nearly died. Had she been a second slower or dodged a foot to the left, she would have died. Ryoka knows this.
