1.02 R
Page 2
Calruz, leader of the Horns of Hammerad, grunted at the other warrior as the two hid behind one of the fallen walls in the ruins. The human, his second-in-command glanced down at him and shakes his head grimly.
“I think Terr got hit by a fireball. Coblat and Grimsore dragged him away, but he’s down for the count as well.”
“Damn.”
The Minotaur hit his thigh and winced. The huge spear of ice protruding out of his midriff oozed more dark blood and he sat back against the wall and breathed out. The tendons on his neck strained and sweat stood out on his brow despite the freezing cold.
“What about our mages? Why the hell aren’t they taking this thing out?”
“They’re trying, but whenever they fire at that monster it just raises a shield. It’s got more mana than all of our casters combined. We need to get in close if we want a chance.”
“Fat chance of that happening with all those skeletons and zombies guarding it.”
“I think Terr got rid of the last of them, but we still can’t get close. It’s too flaming quick.”
The vice-captain of the Horns of Hammerad chanced a peek around the wall he was hiding behind. There didn’t seem to be any more fireballs coming his way at the moment, which was good and also worrying. Had the Lich turned its attention elsewhere? Doubtful. But then why—
His jaw dropped.
“Who is that?”
Calruz grunted and tried to twist his head, but felt back weakly.
“Who? What’s happening?”
“It’s a Runner! She just charged down the hill at the Lich! She’s coming this way!”
“You’re kidding. She’ll never make it.”
“She’s doing it.”
The vice-captain watched as the long-legged runner dashed across the broken landscape. She was leaping over pieces of rubble and running in a serpentine motion while fireballs and shards of ice rained down around her. From this distance, all he could see was her raven-black hair and tanned skin, but the vice-captain was sure he’d never seen this particular runner before.
She had odd features, which would have told him she was part-Japanese, or at least Asian if those words had meant anything to him. But it didn’t, and the vice-captain watched with tense anxiety as she dashed closer. Any second he expected her to be blown away by an on-target fireball or be seared by a lightning blast. But she didn’t. And then she was right on top of him.
Ryoka nearly tumbled into the large warrior with a sword and shield. She knocked into him and felt cool metal before she stumbled back. He pulled her into cover as icicle shards crashed against the rubble.
It took her two deep breaths of air before she could speak. Ryoka unslung her pack and nodded at the gaping vice-captain.
“Delivery.”
“Holy gods!”
The vice-captain stared at Ryoka. He gestured to her, the ruins, and then waves his gauntleted hands a bit.
“That was the most amazing sight I’ve ever—you just ran right past that Lich! Are you insane? Or crazy?”
“I’m a Runner. I’ve got a delivery for the leader of the Horns of Hammerad. That you?”
“That’s me.”
Ryoka glanced down at the Minotaur. He nodded to her as more sweat dripped from his brow.
“I really hope you’ve got our delivery, girl.”
She paused at the word girl, but nodded. She opened her pack and placed heavily-wrapped bottles down on the ground in front of the Minotaur.
“Fifteen healing potions, five mana potions. All unbroken. Delivery to Horns of Hammerad. Your seal?”
“Seal? Oh, of course!”
The vice-captain fumbled at his belt pouch and pulled out a silver and copper token. It was a unique seal with a hammer standing on a mountain embossed on one side.
“Thanks.”
