1.02 R
Page 7
Ressa makes a face, and I try not to. Reluctantly, I walk into the foyer of Lady Magnolia’s mansion and wish there was a rug to wipe my feet on. Magnolia beams at me while Ressa perfects her death-glare behind her back. I’m pretty sure she doesn’t want my dirty feet walking all over the marble floor. I’d prefer not to be here too, but the delivery isn’t done until I get the seal.
“This way, please. You can put it in the drawing room. No, not the secondary one, Ressa. The main one!”
She leads me into a carpeted room. Again, I hesitate, but there’s no helping it. The rug is very soft, and my feet are very dirty, but Magnolia doesn’t care. She peers excitedly at the metal container burning my hands with frost and dripping onto the carpet and beams at me.
“Oh my, that was quick! I was told this would be travelling the entire way from the port city of Hazenbrad! Did you bring it here yourself?”
“No. Other runners brought it most of the way.”
“Well, you and your people have certainly done me quite a service! Thank you!”
Magnolia presents me with her silver-sapphire seal.
“It’s Ryoko, isn’t it? It’s rare that I see the same Runner in so many days.”
Ryoka. But I’m used to people mispronouncing the name. I take the seal and slip it into my pouch. Right, now how to get out of this place tactfully?
“I’ve got to go. More deliveries.”
Actually, I don’t have any more, and I’m tired. But I’d rather go to sleep now, and deal with annoying jealous Runners tomorrow.
Magnolia’s face falls.
“Oh, but won’t you stay? I’d love to share this delightful treat with you—and you’ve run so far and so quickly too! When I heard a runner was setting out from Wales* I was sure it would take at least an hour for you to get here!”
 
*Yeah, that’s the city I left. Wales. It’s odd that it has the same name as a country from my world, but then again…it’s not. There’s only so many words in the English language, after all.
 
“Mm.”
Again, what do you say to something like that? ‘Yeah, I’m awesome, now give me more money?’ This is why I hate talking to people.
“Besides which, I was never able to talk properly with you both times before now. I truly would love to converse with you—and ask about your peculiar choice of footwear, or should I say, its lack! Won’t you stay for a while?”
Magnolia entreats me with her eyes, and Ressa the maid gives me a look that says I should do whatever she wants and stop sweating and getting the carpets dirty while I’m at it.
I hesitate. But—I’m tired and I don’t feel like talking. Like always. True, Magnolia is better than Persua any day of the week, but her enthusiasm makes me feel tired. So I edge towards the door.
“I’m sorry, but I really should go. I’m very busy.”
Magnolia smiles at me.
“Are you that eager to be away? You may simply tell me if you don’t wish to converse.”
I jump* and stare at her. Magnolia smiles.
 
*Well, not literally.
 
“Really my dear. It’s written all over your face. But besides that, I am a [Lady], and most of us learn [Sense Intentions] quite early. And I am quite high-level at that. So, therefore, sit.”
I sit. I don’t even think about it. She spoke, and I—okay, that was something else.
“I would like to talk with you. It is rare that I meet a young lady as interesting as yourself.”
Try to stand up. No? Okay legs, I’m your boss. Stand. Stand.
Magnolia gestures to the chair I’m trapped in.
“Please sit here. I would like to share this delivery you’ve worked so hard to bring me.”
I’m still struggling with my unresponsive body. Magnolia gives me another smile and addresses her hovering maid.
