1.02 H
Page 13
Their gazes met for a long second, and then the Captain of the Silver Spears tore herself away. She kept running, and the dead surged after her.
Most of them. Skinner ignored the half-Elf, but others were drawn to her. She got to her feet, and began to run as a few undead broke off to chase her.
Down the hallway, to the right. Through the maze of corridors she’d explored. Ceria ran, dodging flailing arms and gaping jaws, knowing there was no escape.
She tripped and fell down as she reached the place where she had read Skinner’s message. Ceria tried to get up and realized she hadn’t tripped. Her broken leg had stopped moving.
This was it. She scrambled to get up, pushing at the ground with her one good arm and leg. She leaned against one wall, feeling something important draining from her.
A shape appeared out of the darkness. A ghoul bounded down the corridor, glowing yellow eyes fixed on Ceria. It had been female, once. It stared at Ceria, grinning with jagged teeth.
Ceria drew her dagger in her shaking right hand. It was heavy in her hand.
The ghoul drew closer, feinting, dodging around Ceria to get at her back. She staggered, trying to keep it in front of her.
Ceria felt hollow. Empty. She was crying. She was sobbing. She wished—
She wished it hadn’t happened. Any of it. But it was too late now.
The ghoul slashed at her, drawing blood, dodging back. It was about to go for the kill.
Tears fell from her eyes, but Ceria blinked them away. She lunged and her dagger caught the ghoul in the cheek. It thrashed, ripping her blade out of her hand and then its teeth were biting, tearing at her ear, her flesh.
Ceria reached out her hand, but there was no one to take it. She closed her eyes and waited for the end. It came with sharp teeth to take her away from the pain. And then she was gone.
 
—-
 
The darkness covered the ruins as the orbs of light cast by Ceria’s [Illumination] spell went out one at a time as Skinner passed by. The thing that stole flesh and hunted the living raised its head towards the surface and the dead followed, clustering, hungering. They streamed out of the catacombs, through tunnels and secret passages, running, crawling, towards the surface.
Above.
And Skinner began to move upwards. It—he—had harvested enough flesh. Now he would take the rest. He left the ruins, and left behind only death.
Death.
And silence.
 

