1.02 D
Page 13
Ken blinked at Luan. The other young man was clearly not from America—there was something about the way he spoke, and how he didn’t fit with the other Americans. He wasn’t from any of the other major groups either, because he didn’t talk with them all the time. Ken nodded slowly, trying to reply as best he could.
“I do know. But they are…how can I say this? Fairy tale? They are…not-real things. Stories. Or so I thought.”
Luan nodded.
“Some of the guys are saying they think they’re like monsters.”
“Like monsters?”
Ken turned and stared at some of the other Dullahan recruits. They had taken their heads off their armored bodies and were pouring water into their mouths. They could take their heads off their bodies, leaving only a glowing light from within. He spoke hesitantly.
“I think they are people like us, but they look so much like—like…Aiko, how do I say—?”
He conferred with Aiko and turned to Luan.
“Like walking armor, yes? Like knight armor, from Western culture?”
Luan’s face lit up and he grinned.
“Oh! Yeah, I get it. I was thinking they looked a bit like Alfonse. You know, from Full Metal Alchemist, yeah? I loved that anime!”
Ken and Aiko stared at him blankly. Ken nodded slowly.
“I think I know what you are saying. But Aiko and I—”
He broke off and conferred with Aiko. She hadn’t seen it either. Rather than be surprised at their lack of encyclopedic knowledge of all things anime, Luan laughed.
“That’s okay. I’m a bit of a weeaboo. Do you know that word?”
Someone obsessed with Japanese culture. Ken nodded and smiled.
“I like anime, but I have not watched many recently. But Aiko and I agree—this is like an anime.”
“A horrible one.”
Aiko’s face was pale as she sipped from the water canteen. Luan nodded, growing serious.
“This is some bad shit, mate. I was worried about you two when Quallet told you to fight, but you did well! You stabbed that guy right through the stomach! Bam!”
He demonstrated and Aiko’s face went pale again. Luan put a hand on her shoulder, making her jump at the unexpected contact.
“Sorry. I know this is all horrific.”
“No, it’s okay—”
She hesitated, and Ken realized she didn’t remember Luan’s name. To cover for her, he hastily spoke up.
“This is Luan-san, Aiko. And I am Kenjiro. I am very pleased to meet you.”
He bowed slightly to Luan, who then smiled and introduced himself.
“I’m Luan Khumalo. You two are from Japan, yes?”
“Yes. Where are you from, Luan-san?”
“You can call me Luan. I’m from South Africa.”
“Oh! What place in south Africa?”
Luan paused, and Ken saw Aiko cover her face and start laughing at him. It took Luan a moment to explain, and then Kenjiro’s face turned red.
“Oh. I am so sorry!”
Ken bowed his head, feeling flushed with embarrassment. But Luan only laughed heartily.
“its fine, it’s fine! I’ve met a lot of people who have no idea South Africa is a place.”
Thus, they became friends. As Quallet stood everyone up and lectured them at a roar on how to fight better next time, and then marched them onwards, Ken and Aiko began talking to Luan as the company moved down the jungle trails.
Luan was the first person they’d really got to know, and he was well-spoken, friendly, and strong. He carried his weapon and walked without succumbing to the heat, which was apparently, aside from the humidity, cooler than back home. Ken felt like he was in Okinawa, and he’d never been to Okinawa.
“Your English is really good. I am very jealous.”
Aiko commented to Luan as they were on the road. He smiled knowingly.
“Yes. It is, isn’t it? I grew up speaking English.”
“Really?”
They stared at him. Luan laughed again.
