1.02 R
Page 5
The young woman—no, the annoying teenager who strides towards me brushes past to stand at the counter. She keeps her back very straight, probably because I’m taller than her by a head. I catch the overpowering smell of perfume masking her sweat, and step back so her brown hair doesn’t smack me in the face every time she tosses her head. Which she does quite often.
I know her. Or rather, I know her face. She’d probably introduced herself to me, but I don’t remember her name. She has a sallow* face, though. She always looks like she’s pursing her lips at everyone, and she annoys me every time I look at her.
 
*Is sallow the right word here? I think it means pinched, and narrow, but I could be wrong. That’s the problem with not having the internet. Anyways, her face is shrewish, although I forget what a shrew looks like too. I’m going with sallow either way.
 
“Oh, Miss Persua. I didn’t know you were still in the city.”
Persua. Right. That’s her name.
Persua tosses her head impetuously and nods.
“Well, I was doing that delivery to Remendia, but once one of my friends let me know Magnolia’s request was sitting in the Runner’s guild, of course I came back to fulfill it.”
The receptionist looks uncomfortable.
“You—haven’t finished the other delivery? Well, I was going to give the request to Ryoka. She’s free, and she’s—”
“She’s already done a request for Magnolia this week. By rights, that means I should have a turn.”
The receptionist frowns at Persua.
“There’s no rule that explicitly give precedence to other Runners. Besides which, I need this delivery done as quickly as possible.”
“So?”
Another head toss. I notice some of Persua’s ‘friends’, the other Runners—mainly Street Runners who are new or lower on the totem pole—watching me. I stare at them until they look away. I hate their guts. Too bad Persua doesn’t back down as easily. Doubly too bad is her annoying voice.
“I can easily do Magnolia’s request. Ryoka can just switch with me.”
“It doesn’t work like that. Unless Ryoka agrees, I can’t just give this to you. Besides, as I’ve said, this is a speedy delivery. I can’t give it to—”
“To what?”
Persua looks at the receptionist coldly. But I fill in the gap silently in my mind, probably with everyone else in the Runner’s Guild.
To a slower runner. One of the slowest, in fact. Persua might be a City Runner, but she’s slow. Or lazy. Actually, she’s both. She’s also an idiot, but that’s just my observation. She doesn’t take as many long-distance contracts, and she only delivers light-weight stuff like flowers or letters.
“I just meant that Ryoka is the fastest City Runner. Even Fals can’t beat her time.”
“Yes, but I’m sure she’ll switch with me, won’t you Ryoka?”
Persua glances at me, and then away. Passive aggressive bitch*.
 
*What language! I’m ashamed of myself. Mainly because I don’t have a wider vocabulary to describe someone like her. I could get vulgar, but I’d rather just slap her on the back of the head. Must resist temptation.
 
I hesitate. I should give the request to Persua. Even if she fails it, there’s no skin off my back. In fact, if she gets in trouble for failing the request even better. Although she’ll probably wriggle out of it somehow.
Yeah, I hate her guts. And I don’t feel like giving in to her bullying, especially because I know the only reason she wants to do the delivery is for the easy money and the opportunity to sponge off of Magnolia. So you know what? Let’s escalate things.
“It’s urgent.”
That’s not what Persua wants to hear. She glances at me in irritation.
“So? I can make it.”
