1.02 H
Page 2
Ceria had seen the iron and occasionally steel contraptions used to hunt bears and larger monsters. They were nasty, vicious, and she’d nearly stepped in one more than once. She shuddered, but it was a fine weapon to use.
“As soon as you lot finish on your side we’ll seal off this passage with a spell and open those doors. Yvlon is going to join us and we’ll see exactly what’s inside. Lir says the runes might be warning of the undead guardians, and if so, we just killed them all!”
“Or more could be inside. Wait for us.”
“How soon until you’ll be done here? Gerald wants to know.”
Ceria and Gerial looked at Calruz. He shrugged.
“We’ve found nothing of worth so far. Give us a few minutes to gather everyone and we’ll follow you.”
“Well hurry up. Gerald wants to crack the seal this instant and the other two Captains are the only thing holding him back.”
The woman grinned and dashed back as the other adventurers began to chatter excitedly. Ceria and Gerial exchanged a look.
“Warded doors? That’s right out of one of those classic stories you hear about. Odds are three-to-one it’s trapped or something nasty is lurking inside. Gerald better not open them before we get there.”
“He’s no idiot. But Yvlon has the right idea. Regardless of what’s in there, we can turn the passageway into a killing field. Even ten Crypt Lords wouldn’t survive a fully spelled passage if we combine resources.”
“Hey, hey everyone!”
That voice came from behind the others. They turned to see Olesm running towards them, beaming in excitement.
“Olesm? You’ll never believe this, but we found something! A vault, sealed by magic over on the other side of the ruins.”
The Drake skidded to a stop and gaped. He grinned.
“Really? That’s great news! But we found something as well!”
“You did?”
Ceria exchanged a glance with the others, but they followed as Olesm eagerly led the way back down the corridor. They stopped at a huge opening in the wall, possibly where doors had once stood. Olesm pointed in.
“Look—but be quiet!”
He pointed and Ceria gasped as she stared into a massive room. It was some kind of crypt. Well, the ruins were a giant crypt. Only this was the crypt inside of the crypt. What that all meant was—
“Tombs.”
“Coffins.”
Hundreds of them. Each one was stone, spaced apart evenly in a room that was so large it made Ceria feel as if she was standing outside again. She could barely see the far wall. The only light in the massive room came from a single staff. Sostrom was just inside, staring at one of the walls.
“This is the place where all the dead go.”
Olesm whispered loudly in Ceria’s ear.
“It must have countless tombs, probably with a lot of important people! And probably treasure if they bury their dead with their valuables like we Drakes do!”
That was true, but Ceria stared at the tombs and had another thought.
“They could all be undead in those graves. There’s no telling how many of them reanimated with the Crypt Lords about.”
The other adventurers crowding behind her groaned and grabbed at their weapons. Gerial shushed them while Olesm whispered.
“That’s what Sostrom said. But he found something else in there as well.”
He pointed, and Ceria saw the mage looking up at something on the wall. She nudged Calruz and he nodded, so Ceria slowly approached with the others.
Sostrom jumped when Ceria put her hand on his shoulder. He whirled, staff raised, and relaxed when he saw her face. He bent down and whispered to her.
“Ceria. You nearly scared the piss out of me.”
“Better that than you screaming. What are you looking at?”
