1.02 H
Page 10
“Do not run. You are the Horns of Hammerad. This thing had slain our own. We must avenge—”
“Calruz. We have to go. Help us.”
Ceria breathed the words. The Minotaur shook his head.
“Honor. We must not run. Face your death with pride.”
He hefted his battleaxe. Skinner paused, staring down the corridor at the only adventurer not running from him. He seemed…intrigued, as far as his expressionless face could be. He raised a hand.
“I am Calruz. I challenge you.”
The Minotaur raised his axe. He dodged under one of Skinner’s hands as it shot towards him and raced towards the body. He brought his axe up and sliced at Skinner’s chest.
The weapon bit deep into flesh. Calruz roared as he tore it through the dead skin, and for a moment Ceria dared hope. The adventurers paused in their fighting, and so did the dead, staring at Skinner.
Calruz’s axe severed the chunk of Skinner he’d carved away and it fell to the ground. Skinner blinked down at it. It was—
It was dead skin. Calruz stared into the gaping wound he’d left. Dead skin was all he saw. Just dead skin. No blood. Not even any organs or bones. Just dead skin, layered to create armor.
He raised his axe again and it bit deep. But he struck nothing but skin. And above him, the monster moved.
A massive hand swung towards Calruz. The Minotaur had lodged his axe in the skin and he had to roll and abandon it. He dodged sideways, but too slowly. Too late.
Skinner turned and seized Calruz’s arm with one of its hands. It twisted, and the Minotaur screamed and fell back. The monster tossed his arm to the ground dismissively and his mouth moved.
He grinned.
Ceria screamed as Calruz stumbled away, one of his shoulders suddenly a bleeding stump. He roared in pain, fury, and fear. He raised his hand to strike at Skinner, but something caught him from behind.
A zombie. The dead Drake grabbed Calruz by the legs. He turned and kicked, and it fell to the ground, skull fractured. But a skeleton tackled him, grabbing onto his arm, and then more zombies seized him. Calruz threw them aside, pounding, fighting, but they engulfed him.
He disappeared under a swarm of bodies, roaring in agony as their claws and blades tore at his flesh. The darkness swallowed the Minotaur as Skinner turned towards Ceria.
She trembled. She was fixed in place as the crimson eyes fixed on her. She wanted to run. She needed to run. But fear kept her in place.
A skeleton drew near, grinning, a sword in its hands. It raised the blade and Gerial slammed into the skeleton, knocking it to the floor.
“Ceria!”
He shouted at her, shielding her with his back from Skinner’s gaze. She could suddenly move again, and she gasped and shuddered as he pushed her back.
Gerial held Ceria as she clutched at him, his head swiveled around at the dead fighting the living, the adventurer still screaming and trying to escape. His arms tightened and he held her close. He spoke to her, his voice the only thing she could hear above the roaring in her ears.
“Go. Run.”
“What?”
Ceria stared at him. Geria’s face was white, and he looked almost as bloodless as Skinner’s body. He shuddered and she felt it.
“Run. I’ll—I’ll buy you some time.”
He pointed down the corridor. Ceria’s feet began to move, but she halted them.
“Gerial—”
He shoved her away.
“Run, damn you!”
He turned and walked down the corridor towards Skinner. He couldn’t look at it, and his legs shook. They stopped fifteen feet from Skinner. Gerial couldn’t move any closer.
