1.02 R
Page 6
The receptionist glanced around uncertainty.
“If we can’t get it to Magnolia within the hour, the delivery won’t be any good. Can you make the run in time?”
“I can.”
“So can I.”
Both the receptionist and I glance at Persua. She’s already sweating, probably from running back to the city to take the request.
“Can you?”
She glares at me. But I know bodies, and I know running. Sallow girl is sweaty, tired, and she has terrible running form. I’d done a run too, but unlike her I know how to conserve energy. I turn to the receptionist.
“Give me the request.”
Persua’s sallow face grew even more pinched, if that were possible. She glared daggers at me.
“That’s not fair. You’ve already done the request. I deserve it!”
“Persua, please.”
The receptionist is already wrestling with something under the counter. She lifts it up to me and gives me a smile of relief. I guess she really didn’t think Persua could do it either.
“Here’s the delivery. It’s packed in ice, so try not to get it too warm if possible. You know where Magnolia’s house is. They’ll be expecting you.”
Persua stomped her foot angrily as I put the large metal canister in my backpack. Cold. And it is wrapped with melting ice, so I’ll have a wet backpack after my run. But it’s worth it to see her get mad.
“I don’t think this is a good idea.”
“Good for you.”
If looks could kill…but Persua’s looks only annoy. She stomped towards me until my nose burned with her stupid perfume. She hissed at me.
“You’ll regret this.”
“Oh, really?”
“Yes!”
Some people. I turn away from Persua and hear her make a sound like an angry hamster. I look around and see her cronies, the other Street Runners, glaring at me.
Whatever. I really don’t care about their opinions or whatever Runner’s Code they claim. I’m here to do my job.
I nod to the receptionist.
“I’m off.”
I’m out the door before Persua can make another comment. You can’t tell, and I don’t have a mirror.
But I’m grinning again.
 
—-
 
This time it’s the head maid who opens the door. She sniffs down at me.
I nod at her. I’m out of breath, tired, and my back is really, really cold. But I feel great, because I made it here in just forty minutes. That’s almost a record, and it’s at least twice as fast as Persua’s best time.
“Delivery for Magnolia.”
“That’s Lady Magnolia.”
Now here’s someone whose looks can really kill. I shrug and take off my pack.
“Seal?”
“Wait.”
The head maid closes the door on me as I wrestle with my damp delivery. Well, looks like I won’t be talking to Magnolia today. That’s actually a relief. I don’t mind the bubbly, excitable noblewoman, but I actually prefer the maids. They might be abrupt and rude, but that means less talking.
Okay, icy package is in my hands. I wait as patiently as I can outside the door, and then hear a muffled conversation. It sounds like someone arguing, and then I hear a familiar energetic voice.
“Nonsense! Ressa, how could you—of course I insist you let her in! Dirty feet or not!”
The door opens and a familiar woman greets me. How can one woman’s hair stay that curly? I’m fairly certain they don’t have hair curlers in this day and age, but Magnolia’s blonde locks look as stylized as any I’ve seen from my world.
“Please, allow me to apologize for my servant’s rudeness. Come in, please!”
I hesitate, and the maid—Ressa—standing behind Magnolia looks unhappy.
“I can just deliver the package if you have the seal—”
“Oh, I won’t hear of it! Come in!”
