1.02 H
Page 6
“Last I heard they were up ahead, trapping the corridor. But then our [Dangersense] went off and—the door. They must have opened it.”
“Fools!”
“They didn’t say they were going to open the vault. I made it clear to Gerald he had to wait until he regrouped. So why…?”
“Have you sent anyone down there?”
Calruz looked down the dark corridor and Yvlon nodded.
“Two people. I told them to run back the instant they saw something. They—they never came back.”
She looked pale.
“The screaming ended a few minutes ago. I was waiting for you to get back. What did you find? Anything?”
He nodded.
“A message. Too long to explain. Know that we most likely face Skinner, the guardian of this place. He—steals skin.”
“Steals? Skin?”
The other adventurer shifted restlessly. Calruz nodded.
“So it was written. And his awakening woke the other undead too. There is a horde approaching from behind.”
The adventurers groaned as Yvlon frowned.
“Right then, it seems we have a choice. We can’t fight another battle here, not understrength. We should retreat.”
Calruz shook his head.
“What of Gerald and the others?”
Her face was grim.
“I think we should fear the worst, don’t you?”
Calruz gritted his teeth.
“I do not want to run without seeing the enemy’s face.”
“It’ll be the last thing you see if we stay here. If we get caught in a pincer attack from both sides—”
“Calruz.”
The Minotaur ignored Ceria. He gestured to the corridor back where they had come.
“Set spells to slow the enemy advance. I will go to see if there are any living before we fall back. If we leave our comrades—”
“Calruz!”
Both captains looked over. Ceria was cupping one pointed ear with her hand. She raised her wand shakily and pointed into the darkness ahead.
“I hear something. Something is coming this way.”
They fell silent, and then heard it too. Pounding footsteps.
Sostrom raised his staff, but hesitated as he saw an adventurer run out of the darkness. It was one man, someone he recognized. A warrior from Kyrial’s Pride. The man wasn’t carrying a weapon, though. He was wild-eyed and running as if chased by a legion of monsters. But nothing was following him.
Gerial stood up and caught the man as he ran towards the adventurers. He would have bowled over their front line, and he tried to dodge around Gerial as the other man grabbed at him.
“Hey, what’s happening? Where are Gerald and—”
The other warrior struck at Gerial with a gauntleted fist. Gerial stumbled back, and the man tried to run past him. Calruz seized him and pinned him against a wall.
“You! How dare you?”
The man stared up wild-eyed into Calruz’s furious gaze. He didn’t even seem to see the Minotaur. He twisted wildly in Calruz’s grip, fighting to be free.
“Let go of me! Let go! I have to get away!”
Yvlon stared down the corridor, staring into the darkness.
“What is? What happened? What was behind those doors?”
The man spat and fought against Calruz, futilely kicking to be free. He seemed barely conscious as he babbled almost incoherently.
“Run, run! It’s right behind us!”
“What is?”
Calruz gripped the man even harder, until Gerial could swear he heard the other man’s bones creak. The Minotaur raised his voice.
“Why were the doors opened? Gerald was told to wait! Who—”
“We didn’t open the doors!”
The Minotaur stared at the man. He was panting, sweating, his eyes darting around as he strained towards freedom.
“If you did not open them, then who—”
“It opened them from inside!”
The man shouted it in the corridor, his voice echoing as he screamed.
