1.02 H
Page 12
There was no attempt to fight as a group. Men and women shoved each other, striking even their friends as they sought to escape. Skinner slowly dragged himself down the corridor, ripping the humans apart as they screamed in terror.
The captain of the Silver Spears was shouting, trying to be heard above the din. She was gripped by terror like the others, but she was at least coherent enough to try and fight the Crypt Lords. But no one was listening to her.
The undead were everywhere. They flooded out of the tunnels, biting, clawing, tearing. Ceria screamed as a skeleton stabbed her in the back with a dagger. Again, her robes saved her but she felt the skin break even as the blade slashed at her.
He stabbed her in the leg. Ceria screamed as she felt her exposed sinews tear and her bones crack.
She raised her wand and this time burned him. The skeleton staggered away as his bones cracked from the heat. Ceria pulled herself upright. The pain was overwhelming, but if she stopped to consider it she would die.
The Crypt Lords barred the way, but there were gaps between their bloated bodies. Enough for her to get through. She could run. She could use the other adventurers as a shield so long as Skinner ignored her. If Ceria sacrificed them she could—
Yvlon was fighting. Her blonde hair was dirty with blood, but she whirled, cutting down ghouls and zombies as she struggled to protect her friends. She was trying to carve a path open before Skinner reached them. But the Crypt Lords were too strong, the adventurers too disorganized.
They would all die. Ceria looked at Skinner, and her mouth opened. She couldn’t raise her wand despite it all. The magic was too strong. She was too afraid. She cursed herself for that.
But the others—Gerial’s face swam in front of Ceria. She closed her eyes.
“Death before dishonor.”
Ceria snapped her wand. She had to break it over her good knee, but when she did, the magic burst out. Cold, endless cold instantly covered the walls and floor around her with frost, and the undead trying to attack her froze. But Ceria took the magic and used it.
A spell.
Yvlon turned, her sword raised just in time to see Ceria point. The half-Elf was standing down the corridor, behind Skinner, but she aimed at the Crypt Lord closest to Yvlon. Her finger glowed with white-blue light and a blizzard had appeared around her.
The female adventurer dove to the floor as a spike of ice twice as long and wide as a human fired down the passage. It struck the Crypt Lord in the chest and continued down the passage, shattering into shards against a wall. The undead, and even adventurers unlucky enough to be caught in the way fell to the ground, frozen. Or dead.
The lower half of the Crypt Lord fell down, and adventurers scrambled through the opening. The other Crypt Lord seized two men, but other men and women darted past, pursued by the faster undead.
Ceria nearly blacked out as the magical backlash struck her. She would have screamed, but the pain was just one more layer in her agony. But the coldness she had channeled struck her as well. The hand she had used for the spell was already numb, but now she could no longer move it.
Her hand froze. Her skin began to peel away, and turned black in places. She fell to her knees as Yvlon turned.
Fifteen feet. An eternity of space. That was what separated the two. But the dead were running, and Skinner followed, snatching lives away. Yvlon wavered for a second, and her eyes met Ceria’s.
