1.02 H
Page 4
Gerial didn’t laugh. Neither did Calruz or most of the other adventurers. Ceria’s face was pale as the light of her wand and the glowing words faded again, letting darkness creep back.
Gerial’s voice cracked a bit as he spoke.
“That was disturbing, to say the least. But what does that mean?”
Sostrom hesitated as he stared at the words on the wall.
“It sounds…almost like a nursery rhyme. But not one I’d ever tell any child of mine.”
Olesm shivered.
“I’ve never heard that…that kind of song before. Who in their right minds would write such a thing?”
“It was a warning.”
Ceria whispered the words and Calruz nodded. The Minotaur’s hand was twitching towards the handle of his battleaxe, and that made Gerial even more nervous. He tried to laugh it off, but couldn’t bring himself to smile.
“A warning? Who writes their warnings so—so cryptically?”
“Maybe someone who’s afraid of speaking plainly. Or—or—this isn’t a warning. Maybe it is a nursery rhyme, or a prayer. The kind you write of something that’s been around forever.”
Sostrom shook his head.
“Who is this Skinner, then? An undead? Or a [Necromancer] or some kind? Whoever wrote this message seems to fear him.”
“Perhaps he’s the reason this place exists.”
Olesm frowned as he looked around the room. The other adventurers blinked at him and he pointed to the tombs.
“This is clearly a burial place, but that’s odd because we Drakes don’t tend to bury our dead in stone. Too expensive. We usually cremate them. But that line…”
He stared upwards and murmured.
“‘He takes our scales and hides our bones…’. That can only be my people who wrote this. So—so they built coffins to hide their flesh from him? But is he locked away with the dead down here? That would make no sense. Why not burn the bodies? Surely they’d want to keep him far away as possible.”
Sostrom raised a finger.
“A thought. Was this a trap for this Skinner creature or—or is he the guardian of this place?”
More silence. Gerial shivered. He felt cold, the uneasy chill of fear he’d felt on the most dangerous of missions. He opened his mouth, but another adventurer raised his voice.
“What the hell is a Skinner? Some kind of special undead?”
“We don’t know. But odds are that is what’s hiding behind that door Gerald and the others found. We should go back and let them know we’re in for a fight.”
Calruz nodded.
“Agreed. We will hold off opening them until we are prepared. And perhaps—”
He hesitated.
“—Perhaps we should send word to the surface. Ask if any know of this ‘Skinner’ creature.”
Ceria nodded. She felt relieved that he was the voice of reason, for once. She turned.
“Let’s hurry before Gerald makes a mistake. I’ll go f—”
It happened suddenly. Ceria screamed and dropped her wand, her hands flying to her head. Gerial drew his sword, but other adventurers around him were shouting or falling too. He looked around wildly, but nothing was attacking them.
Half of the Horns of Hammerad clutched at their heads. Ceria fell to her knees. Her [Dangersense] was going off, but it wasn’t like the ambush. That had been a premonition. Fear, foreboding, the knowledge of danger suddenly chilling her to her core.
This—
This was terror. This was death. She heard howling in her mind, and knew she would die if she stayed. She—
“Ceria!”
Calruz’s massive hand shook her back into reality. She looked up at him. He yanked her upright with one hand.
“On your feet! What’s happening?”
“My [Dangersense]—something just happened! The doors—the vault—”
He cursed.
“They opened them? The fools!”
He began to storm down the corridor, but Ceria grabbed at him.
