1.02 R
Page 4
Her lips twitch. She smiles briefly.
“Fun.”
 
—-
 
“You completed the supply request for the Horns of Hammerad?”
“Yep.”
The receptionist stares at me. I shrug. What does she want me to say?
It’s later. Or rather, it’s only thirty minutes later, but I feel like I’m in a different world. The worn-down room of the Runner’s Guild is a far cry from the grassy plains, or the rubble and destruction of the Ruins of Albez.
“That’s incredible. Are they already finished fighting? The mage communication we got said they were fighting a Lich and a horde of the undead.”
“They’re still fighting. The Lich is still around. Not sure about the other undead. Looked like they were mostly dead.”
The receptionist doesn’t smile. Didn’t she get the joke? Darn. She’s still giving me that ‘I-don’t-believe-you’ look. I hand her the Seal.
“Here’s the Seal from the Horns of Hammerad.”
She checks it over, and then double-checks. Her eyebrows rise.
“It’s real. So you’re telling me you delivered the supplies in the middle of the battle?”
Why is she making a big fuss? I thought that’s what all Runners did on this kind of mission.
“Yup.”
“Incredible.”
I’m silent. I mean, what am I supposed to say to that? ‘Oh, yeah, I’m really amazing, now give me my money?’
After a few moments the receptionist finally shakes herself.
“Well, this is all in order. Would you like the payment now or…?”
“Later.”
I can collect my pay whenever, but most Runners do it in one lump sum at the end of the week. It’s more convenient that way, since we have to sign to confirm we’ve been paid and the receptionist has to validate it.
“Well, I think you’ve earned your break. Unless—do you think you could do another delivery? I wouldn’t ask, but you’re the only City Runner here right now.”
I’m tired, but that’s only because of my adrenaline low. I know my legs have got at least another good run in them, so I nod.
“Where to?”
“Celum. It’s another request from Lady Magnolia. Another Runner just brought it from Remendia, but he’s too tired to keep going. It’s been passed from six Runners so far, and we need to get it to Magnolia within the hour if possible.”
Okay. Now that’s tricky. I hesitate.
It’s not that I don’t think I can do it in time. I can get to Celum in less than an hour even with something heavy on my back. But I’d done another run for Magnolia – delivering a big fancy vase – a few days ago. By the ‘unwritten rules’ that meant I should wait for at least another week before I took the request.
Damn. Damnation. Drat. What should I do? This is the exact kind of situation I hate.
“There aren’t any other City Runners around?”
The receptionist shakes her head.
“They’re all out on deliveries, and I don’t want to wait longer than I have to. I was about to ask one of the Street Runners to do the delivery, but that would have been a problem too.”
Well, in that case…why not? The Magnolia rule can go to hell for all I care.
“I’ll do it.”
The receptionist smiles in relief.
“Thank y—”
“Hold on!”
The receptionist’s head turns. My head doesn’t. I’m taking this moment to say a few choice words in my head*.
 
*Oh, please no. Not that stupid, inbred rodent girl. No one in the world has a voice more high-pitched and annoying that her and her moronic cronies. I’d rather go back and dance naked in front of the Lich than deal with this.
 
I turn and see a familiar face.
“There’s no need to give Magnolia’s request to her. I’ve just arrived, and I can take care of it myself.”
