1.02 H
Page 8
And what it made was a long, bloated slug-like body that reared upright. Two massive arms reached out and seized at the ground, dragging the rest of the body behind it. There was no head. Rather, a sunken face, a mockery of the human face. No nose. No ears or hair. Just two sunken sockets filled with a crimson glow and a gaping, empty mouth.
Pieces of white flesh trailed behind the creature as it pulled itself forwards another ten meters with its hands. It was falling apart, leaving bits of itself where it went. But it was massive, hands wide enough to curl around any human, long, almost delicate fingers of slick white flesh, exposed along the palms where red flesh could be seen underneath.
Something. Something was living in the body of dead skin. And it was coming. The creature slowly moved towards the adventurers, pulling itself along the ground as the faces of their comrades—all of them—stared blankly ahead, the latest addition to its skin.
Because that was what it was. And Ceria knew. She knew as it stared down at her and she felt death in her bones.
She knew its name.
Skinner.
 
—-
 
He came towards them, slow, dragging himself along with one arm as he travelled down the corridor. He had no legs. He was just a torso, a disfigured mockery of something human. Not even that.
He wasn’t even remotely humanoid. Unlike the Crypt Lords who looked like bloated, twisted mockeries of something once living, Skinner just looked dead.
Ceria knew she should move. She knew she should raise her wand and start blasting at the creature now it had appeared. She should rain fire upon it with the others, eradicate it from the face of the earth. It was in front of her.
But she couldn’t move. She couldn’t raise her wand. She was petrified.
Two ruby eyes flashed deep within the folds of dried, caked skin. They didn’t move, not like normal eyes. Skinner had to twist and turn his head to see with them, but the light they cast created a cone of—of—
Terror.
It had struck her the instant he had appeared down the corridor. Something had reached inside her, taken hold of her heart. She shook as he approached, and she was unable to move.
“It’s just…dead skin.”
Yvlon muttered it. Ceria had to turn her head to see. The woman was trembling, hand gripped on her sword. She was trying to raise it, but she couldn’t.
Fear.
“We’re under a spell.”
Ceria said it through numb lips. She tried to gather mana inside of her, fight off the magic. But it was too strong. And terror was consuming all of her. She couldn’t even think of resisting. All she wanted to do was run.
But she was too afraid to do even that.
It was like the nightmares Ceria had had as a child, in between waking and sleep, at midnight. She would be in her bed, staring at a door, a window. She knew something was behind it, that something was watching her. She knew, but she was too afraid to get up and see. If she moved—if she made any motion—it would get her.
So she would lie still, and eventually she would fall asleep or morning would come. Her night terrors would disappear in the light of day.
But this was different. This was horror made flesh, and it wouldn’t disappear. But like her childhood fears, Ceria was trapped. She couldn’t move.
“Horns of Hammerad—”
Calruz’s voice choked in their silence. She saw him raise a foot and struggle to step forwards. Even the Minotaur, even her fearless leader was paralyzed.
“We must—retreat.”
Olesm said that. He was trying to shift backwards, but even escape was difficult. They were paralyzed.
