1.02 D
Page 14
“I can speak four languages. English, Afrikaans, Zulu, Tswana…you can speak two, right?”
“Yes, but not good.”
Ken was acutely aware of how hard it was to speak with other people in English, and had kept silent up until now because of it. But Luan took the opposite view.
“Even if one is not as good as the other, that should be a good thing, not a bad thing. Most of these Americans can only speak one. If there were other people from Africa around, I could speak about them behind their backs.”
Ken and Aiko laughed, and then immediately looked around to see if anyone had heard. No one had.
The group they were in, the group of people from another world was indeed filled with Americans. They were the majority, and in a way, they’d taken charge. Several of them, mainly guys, seemed to have the final say in what was going on. They’d been the ones to suggest signing up with Quallet, and they were the most vocal, and thus, the most persuasive, members of the group.
They were also the most ready to be fighting. Some hadn’t been bothered at all by killing zombies, talking about this being like a movie or T.V. show, and seemed positively happy about the prospect of leveling up and fighting. By contrast, Ken and Aiko would have loved to de-enlist from Gravetender’s Fist, but they were stuck. Luan seemed to share their opinions.
“What did you two do when you were in our world?”
“We are…were students in university.”
“Oh, right! How old are you?”
Ken was twenty one, Aiko twenty two. Both of them were in the same classes. Luan grinned when he realized they had known each other all their lives.
“You two got into the same university?”
“That’s right. I was studying to be in business and Aiko-san—”
“I was trying to learn to be an artist. Not manga—I do illustrations.”
“Ag, shame! That’s great.”
“Shame?”
The two of them looked blank. What Luan said made no sense—until he explained.
“Shame means good in South Africa. It’s like if you said—I found twenty bucks, yeah? Then I’d say, ‘Shame!’”
“Oh. I think I understand…”
Perhaps it was because they were both from different cultures that Ken and Aiko felt at home speaking with Luan. Unlike the people from America, they were alike in how they were all foreigners, outsiders to the main group. Aiko asked the obvious question to Luan.
“What did you do, Luan?”
He grinned, showing them very white teeth.
“Oh, me? I was on my country’s national Olympic rowing team.”
It took a few seconds for Ken to interpret this. When he did, he tripped. Aiko’s eyes went wide.
“Eh? What?”
They stared. It took a while and Luan had to explain himself several times, but the world of Olympic paddling slowly opened itself up to the two Japanese students.
Luan was an Olympic contender. Not an Olympian—he hadn’t gone to the Olympics, but he would have in 2020. He was South Africa’s first hope for a Silver or Gold medal in his event, the single scull.
He had trained to be part of a Coxless pair, which was a specialized type of boat that allowed for two paddlers to use it at the same time. Luan was usually on the bow side—which was to say, the left side of the boat—and competed with his good friend, Ben, who had the same goal as Luan. They wanted to take home the gold medal in the next Olympics, and had trained themselves intensively until they had become a serious contender, despite South Africa only having ever won one gold medal in the rowing event in the Olympics.
