1.02 C
Page 13
One of the lesser [Chamberlains] serving underneath Nereshal speaks to our stunned group. We, the children from another world, stare at him, and then hesitantly step into the room. We’ve been here before. We were feasted at the Blighted King’s own table, once. But that was a lifetime ago, when the world was still magical.
When we were still all [Heroes]. I’m not. I gave it up and lost the class when I refused to fight, to answer the people’s calls. Richard still has it. So does Emily and a few others. But they’re not real heroes.
Some of the warriors sitting at the table look like heroes, though. They wear shining armor, and those who are dressed for pleasure rather than war still move with unnatural grace. The Blighted King has [Knights] and champions of countless classes of his own. I see Richard looking nervous. He was allowed to keep his sword—a mark of respect, I guess, but I doubt he’d draw it under any situation.
There are guards at the Blighted King’s table, watchful figures, not all of whom carry swords. Several of them glanced at us when we were announced. Several of them glanced at me.
So did the King. It was just a flick of the eyes before he turned away, but it confirmed what we all knew. He’ll want to speak with us. The thought makes some, like Cynthia, afraid to join the feast. Others, like Richard, are made of sterner stuff.
“Come on, let’s join the feast.”
He says it, but no one moves. The [Chamberlain] coughs gently. But no one wants to walk out into that magnificent display and attract any attention for themselves.
I could. Perhaps. But the urging in my mind might make that a bad idea. Part of me wants to stride out there, shout, laugh and cartwheel if I can even pull that off, and make a spectacle. To clown in short. To lose control.
Make them laugh, Tom. Let go for a second. You know you want to.
Nope. I’m not making the first move. But someone has to. A woman dressed all in red sweeps by our group, glass in hand. She looks…melancholy. And determined to hide it. She has a presence that makes half the guys and girls in our group go weak at the knees. Mine are fine.
You’d go weak at the knees if she stabbed you. Or you stabbed her.
You’d never see the blood, as bright as her gown is. I bite the inside of my lip. Emily squeaks.
“Who is that?”
The [Chamberlain], looking put upon, gently prods Vincent forwards a bit and speaks softly.
“That is [Lady] Theras. If you would like to enter and speak with her, please understand she is in mourning, hence the red dress.”
“Red? Why, what does that mean?”
Everyone looks at the [Chamberlain]. He pauses awkwardly, clearly not wanting to say, and then realizes he has to. He clears his throat again.
“Miscarriage. [Lady] Theras and her sister, the [Lady] Zekryia, both lost their children unexpectedly three months ago. They have been in mourning ever since.”
“Oh.”
Instantly, most of us shuffled our feet and look at our dress shoes. Eddy chooses this moment to speak. He’d been doing great after meeting Nereshal.
“So they wear red if they’re in mourning. After three months?”
“This is correct. Sir.”
“Weird.”
“What’s weird about that, Eddy?”
Emily and a few girls turn to stare at Eddy. He grimaces.
“It’s just that I didn’t think they’d be so open about it, you know? And it’s been three months…”
“So? What’s wrong with that? Why can’t she be open about it?”
Chole glares at him. Eddy shrugs helplessly. He seems to realize he’s put his foot in it again.
“I dunno. It’s weird, right?”
He looks around. I try not to meet his eye.
“It’s not her fault.”
He shrinks back a bit from Chole’s glare.
