1.02 H
Page 0

“What about this room?”
“Empty.”
Sostrom shook his head as he walked out of another dark room, his staff glowing. Calruz stomped out behind him, growling irately. Ceria tried not to scowl at her friend, but it was hard.
“Not a thing?”
“You can see for yourself.”
Sostrom pointed into the dark room and shook his head.
“Whatever was in here, it wasn’t a treasury. And now it’s long gone.”
“Damn.”
Ceria cursed and kicked at the ground. Olesm peered over her shoulder into the empty room.
“I don’t get it. This is the lowest level, isn’t it? And you said there would be treasure—”
“I did. But who knew this place would be so cursed big?”
“But the treasure’s around here somewhere, right?”
Ceria growled at Olesm and he backed away, hands raised. Gerial put a hand on her shoulder, but she sensed the tension in it too.
“Most likely. We just haven’t found it yet, and we’re all tired. Why don’t you go with Sostrom and check those rooms out?”
Sostrom made a face, but walked with Olesm down the dark corridor to peer into another room.
Ceria made a face and patted his hand with hers.
“Sorry, Gerial.”
“I know how you’re feeling. But he’s trying to be helpful.”
“I know. It’s just—”
It was later. In fact, it was two hours later. The last of the undead had been killed and their remains incinerated with a spell and those adventurers wounded too badly to move had been sent back to the burial room. A few more had remained as guards in case more undead popped up, but the rest had been searching nonstop since then.
Searching for treasure.
“Any word from Gerald’s team?”
They’d split into two groups, one going down the left passage, the other the right. Of all the teams, Calruz’s hadn’t lost any adventurers besides Horn in either battle, so they’d taken a few of Lir’s mages while the other adventurers under Gerald had gone left. Yvlon had remained with the wounded and they were keeping up a stream of communications with several adventurers who ran messages across the vast ruins.
“We just had one come by. There he is—”
Gerial led Ceria towards a panting adventurer drinking water and talking to Calruz.
“Any word on the other team’s progress?”
The man made a face.
“Nothing substantial. They’ve come across more empty rooms same as you. There’s some kind of urns in one room—just filled with dust, whatever’s in them is long gone. Old scrolls in another, none magical. They found a few undead, but nothing else. How’s it going over here?”
“Uneventful. We killed a few zombies but they’re mostly cleared out here as well. Has Yvlon seen anything?”
“Nothing. I’ll get back to Gerald’s side of things if you’ve nothing else.”
Calruz grunted irritably and the man took off. Gerial shook his head as he watched the man jog slowly off into the darkness, a ball of light following him.
“This is where a Runner would have come in handy.”
“This is where a hundred Runners would come in handy. They could search this place faster than we can.”
Ceria kicked at a wall. She knew she was frustrated, but she was exhausted from fighting and irritable from countless annoying questions from a certain Drake. Calruz had suggested quite sensibly – which was surprising – that instead of splitting up, their team should move together closely to avoid unpleasant surprises. The need to check each room and hallway for traps or ambushes had saved them a few nasty surprises, but meant they were moving at a snail’s pace.
