1.02 H
Page 3
Carefully, Sostrom edged to one site and raised his staff higher so Ceria could get a look at what he was seeing. The white light illuminated a dark stone wall, but etched into it deeply were…
“Words?”
“Something like that. It’s not magic—at least, no runes I’ve seen before. But what language it is I can’t tell for the life of me.”
Ceria stared up at the strange words, if words they were. She was familiar with several written languages and she had travelled far and wide, but for all that she had never seen this style of writing. She beckoned, and Olesm softly padded over with the other adventurers following.
“Olesm. What do you make of this?”
The Drake frowned up at the wall as Gerial turned, watching the rest of the room for movement. There was none, but the countless tombs disturbed him greatly. He could just imagine something creeping up on them while they studied the wall, and so he faced the other way while his friends conferred.
“I’m not sure. It looks like some kind of message, but is it a prayer or something else?”
“You can’t read it? Does it look like something your people might have written long ago?”
He hesitated.
“It—it could be something written in the past. But we don’t write in the old tongue anymore. I certainly can’t read it.”
“Is this important?”
Gerial winced as Calruz’s voice echoed through the room. The Minotaur wasn’t worried about waking anything. He folded his arms as he stared at the carvings.
“It could be nothing. But it might give us a clue as to what this place was or what it contains.”
“But you cannot read it.”
“I can.”
Gerial twisted his head and stared at Ceria in disbelief. She was raising her wand, and the color had changed to a light purple as she illuminated the wall.
“A little spell I picked up when I was at Wistram. [Translate].”
Sostrom whistled softly.
“That’s handy.”
Ceria nodded as the words glowed faintly with purple light. She frowned, concentrating as she spoke.
“It is. But I’d prefer a translator even so. The spell takes time, and it doesn’t work unless there are enough words to read at once. And I often get a muddled message, sometimes nonsensical depending on the content. But it should…oh.”
None of the other adventures saw anything change, but Ceria’s pulse began to quicken as the words on the wall—
They didn’t exactly change, but somehow she understood them. And she could put them into her own language. She turned to Olesm, eyes wide.
“I really don’t think this is a prayer for the dead.”
“What? What does it say?”
“I—it’s disturbing. Really disturbing.”
Calruz snorted.
“We are not mewling human children. Speak.”
The half-Elf hesitated, and then she cleared her throat and began to read haltingly. The words she read were almost like a song, and had the same cadence, the same innocent rhymes. Her words were swallowed by the darkness of the massive room.
“Skinner, Skinner!
He’ll eat your tails and tear off your skin!
He’ll pluck out your eyeballs and devour your kin!
Skinner, Skinner!
Run while you can!
Your flesh will be taken with a touch of his hand!
Hide in the darkness, hide in the light.
Fighting is useless; Skinner is fright.
He takes our scales and hides our bones
And makes this place our very last home.
Skinner, Skinner, never open his door.
Or soon your bones will lie on this floor.”
 
When she finished, there was only silence. Then one of the other adventurers laughed nervously, and someone else joined him. Their laughter echoed in the vast room, and then faded away uneasily.
