1.02 C
Page 6
Cirille blinks a bit at being called ‘Ma’am’. It’s customary to call people ‘Miss’ or ‘Mister’ in this world unless they have a formal title, but Richard just can’t get over calling people Sir or Ma’am no matter how many times he’s corrected.
“You’re our escort today?”
Emily comes over, Cirille nods briskly and indicates a large road her and the other lizards just walked down.
“That’s right, Miss. We’re your honorary guard. We’ll be walking you about two miles to the palace.”
“What? All of you?”
The lizard woman smiles wryly.
“That’s right. We’re dressed up for a little celebration, as you can see. There will be flowers, cheering—even if no one says who you are. There’s people in this city who’ll cheer a rolling barrel if it has an escort.”
I snort quietly. So much for our heroic return. What did Emily expect? We got kicked out of here the first time we arrived.
When we first came to Rhir, when we came to this world, we were welcomed with celebrations by the King himself and all the court. We were feasted, given parades…until they realized we weren’t actual heroes, but lost kids who couldn’t swing a sword properly. Then they shipped us out to die.
They brought us back because some of us proved we could fight.
And some of us slaughtered a bunch of Demons. Let’s not forget that.
…But I guess they’re not rolling out the red carpet for us this time, unless these lizards are meant to be more important than Rhir’s soldiers? Nah.
Cirille says pretty much the same thing to Richard as her soldiers line up on either side of us, looking bored and disinterested.
“Us? We’re not locals, Miss. We’re one of the foreign companies sent here on duty to assist the Blighted King. Sometimes that means escorting people around. Every day. Not the bigwigs, though. Us being here means you’re important enough for an escort, but not enough for a full parade. They’d give you an escort of their own [Knights] and so on if you were. We get stuck marching for the lesser dignitaries and officials. Shall we?”
Richard nods. Our group forms up more or less in a line, and I see Cynthia and some of the others staring nervously at the lizard soldiers on either side. Oh no. My stomach clenches. This better not be like the incident with the Selphid soldier.
Aaah! Zombie! Burn the unholy thing! Don’t let it touch me! And then there was Emily washing her hands after shaking the soldier’s hand in plain view. Good times. Who says racism is dead? Or is it speciesism?
Richard must be thinking the same thing. He coughs and addresses Cirille before she gives the order to march.
“Pardon me for bringing this up, Ma’am, but we’ve never actually met someone from your…species before. Are you a, uh, liz—”
The entire group of soldiers seems to freeze for a second. Cirille cuts Richard off before he can continue.
“We’re Drakes, sir. Drakes. Different from Lizardfolk. Very different. If you haven’t seen any of those b—those other soldiers from Baleros, I imagine it’s an easy mistake to make. But we’re different.”
He nods, gingerly.
“My apologies, Miss Cirille.”
“Taken. Let’s move out, you lot! Slowly!”
And so we do. I linger near Richard, letting him do the talking as we march down out of the plaza and down one of the big roads leading to the palace ahead. Sure enough, there are people waving and cheering as we go by. I’m more interested in the conversation, though.
