1.02 H
Page 9
Skinner pulled himself closer. Too close. He was in front of them now, and they smelled him. Dead flesh. Blood, too. Blood and death and rot. It was horrific.
His eyes gaze down on them, bringing fear. Calruz tried to raise his axe, but his arms shook. Skinner’s mouth opened.
He smiled.
A hand shot out. A woman in the front—a warrior with an axe and shield—screamed in sudden terror. It brought the other adventurers out of their paralysis. They scattered as Skinner encircled her with one hand and then pulled.
Her skin came off. All at once. It left—it left a bloody body that felt to the ground. Possibly dead. Or worse—alive.
The woman’s skin flapped and trembled in Skinner’s hand. He reached up and laid it delicately across one arm. Her skin…melted into his flesh and suddenly there she was. Her empty face stared down at the others.
They fled. Their terror hadn’t ended, just shifted. Instead, the seasoned Silver-rank adventurers dropped their weapons and ran, pushing, shoving, trying to get away.
But as they turned to flee, they found they were not alone. Bodies stood in the way, blocking the corridor. Dead bodies.
Zombies. Skeletons. Ghouls. Even more Crypt Lords and Wights. The undead had reappeared, and they had cut the adventurers off from escape. They fell upon the adventurers silently, grabbing them, biting them, pushing them back towards Skinner.
“Retreat!”
It was Calruz who bellowed it. He gripped his battleaxe in shaking hands and decapitated a zombie. Ceria also moved. She raised her wand slowly and fired a spike of ice at one of the dead as her feet took her backwards.
She could move. She and Gerial ran back down the corridor with the other adventurers, knocking away the undead. She could fight. But the instant she turned towards Skinner or even thought of raising her wand to fight him—
Paralysis. Fear. She couldn’t. She couldn’t. All she could do was run. She had to get away. She had to get away.
The adventurers screamed and ran down the corridor, some tripping, some fighting with the undead or dragged backwards. Skinner seized a mage who screamed for help but no one turned for him.
They ran. But they stopped when they saw the wall of undead warriors. They were blocking the way back up to the surface. They waited, the dead body of the warrior who had fled earlier crushed against one wall, his brains pasted against the stone.
“We must run.”
“We must fight.”
Yvlon and Calruz spoke at the same time. She was trembling, but he had stopped. His head was turned. He was looking back towards Skinner.
Ceria didn’t want to look. She wanted to run, but Calruz had stopped. He raised his voice, not shouting, but speaking loudly, his voice echoing in the silence.
“Horns of Hammerad. If you have any pride, turn and face your enemy.”
She didn’t want to. But she had to. Just to know how close it was. Ceria turned—
And saw Sostrom.
He dangled from Skinner’s hands. Or part of him did. His skin had been taken and had become part of Skinner’s body. The monster cast aside what remained.
He had screamed for help. But Ceria had ignored him. He had screamed. And now he was dead.
Ceria saw it. She saw it, but her eyes fled from Skinner. She shook, unable to look at him. He was advancing slowly, taking his time as the undead boxed the other adventurers in. She—Sostrom was dead. But she had to run.
Her feet moved back. But a pair of hooves stepped forwards.
Calruz took one step, and then two. He moved haltingly—his body leaning forwards as if he were struggling against something. But he moved towards Skinner, and he spoke.
