1.02 H
Page 11
Again, Skinner halted and stared at him with interest. Gerial tried to raise his sword, but he couldn’t. Terror gripped him, and he couldn’t even lift his weapon.
It wasn’t fair. But he heard and felt Ceria turn and flee behind him. That was enough. That was—
He raised the other object in his right hand. A jar of acid sloshed around in his gauntleted hand. Maybe. If he could get Skinner to turn back, maybe—
He was going to die. Gerial knew it. The undead surrounded him, not attacking. The adventurers were running or dead, but the dead waited for Skinner to take him. He had to buy time. To let her live. To let one of them survive.
“Death before dishonor.”
The words were enough to make him look up, to meet that terrifying gaze. Skinner smiled at him, and Gerial’s heart stopped. The hand came down, and he raised his arm, drew back his arm to throw the jar.
But he hesitated. The fear made his arm spasm and the jar of acid broke on the ground in front of Skinner, showering only the monster’s lower half with acid.
Skinner lurched back. The skin began to smoke and peel away, but the creature didn’t let the acid consume any more. He reached down and peeled off several layers of his own body, digging his hand into the white skin and hurling the smoking bits to the ground where they were consumed.
Gerial stared numbly at the dead flesh. He raised his sword, but Skinner lashed out with one finger and the weapon went flying. Gerial’s hand broke with the impact.
He looked up bitterly. Skinner loomed over him. It was no longer smiling, at least.
“If—”
A hand seized him, and Gerial felt tearing—and then coldness. He was gone before he hit the floor.
 
—-
 
Ceria saw Gerial die. She stopped in the corridor and screamed. He fell to the ground as Skinner carefully took his skin. The creature placed it where acid had struck him and then continued on as if nothing had happened.
She had to run. But something in Ceria was screaming louder than the fear. Sostrom. Calruz. Gerial. Her friends were dead. Her family was dying.
She faced Skinner, her body shaking. Ceria couldn’t even stare into his face. He laughed at her, soundlessly, crumbling lips revealing a body that was hollow. He was just skin. Skin and something red that twisted through the dead body, giving it life.
She couldn’t raise her wand. Fear consumed every part of her. Ceria howled in despair and fled. It was the only thing she could do. She left her friend behind and ran.
Live. She would die if she faced Skinner. She had to live.
A hand shot out and seized her by the leg. Ceria screamed as the skin along the back of her leg tore.
Her skin curled as Skinner regarded it in one hand. He brought it up to his ‘mouth’ as if tasting it, and then tossed the bit of flesh away. And he took no notice of Ceria either. Skinner turned and began to drag himself along the ground, after the humans.
For a moment Ceria lay on the ground, disbelieving. But then she saw the dead moving towards her, and reality came back with the pain.
She got up. Her leg—she could move. But only just. Ceria limped and pulled herself along the corridor. The undead were around her, striking at adventurers as they cowered or chasing those that fled.
It was chaos. Ceria raised her wand and blasted a skeleton out of her path. She was close to the room with the injured but—
Yvlon was ahead of her, part of the scrum of adventurers screaming and fighting to get past two Crypt Lords. The massive abominations blocked the passage, smashing adventurers against the walls and crushing them with contemptuous ease.
