1.02 H
Page 5
“Calruz! This isn’t like before. This—my Skill is telling me something bad has happened. Really bad. Far worse than the ambush.”
He stared at her, only partly comprehending. He couldn’t feel the certainty, the absolute terror in her head and heart. Olesm stumbled towards them, sword drawn.
“We are in danger. Extreme danger. We have to retreat.”
Olesm shakily wiped at his mouth. He’d thrown up. His tail thrashed wildly as he stared around in the darkness.
“I’ve never felt anything like that. When I was a child and the [Necromancer] attacked ten years back—that was the closest. But this is different. I am afraid, and the [Dangersense] doesn’t convey fear. We have to go.”
“Let us regroup. With speed. Warriors, form up and mages, follow close behind. Prepare for—”
He broke off as Ceria grabbed his arm. The Minotaur stared down at her as she looked around.
“Shh! Quiet. Do you hear that?”
The other adventurers fell silent. It took them only a second to make out what Ceria had heard. In the distance, a high pitched sound. No—many sounds, all joined together.
“Screaming.”
It was faint, but echoed down the long corridor into this room. And as if that had started something, they heard another noise.
Cracking. Dull thumps sounding from behind them. Muffled moans and hissing. The adventurers turned.
Gerial’s hand turned white on his sword. He stared at the coffins in the room as suddenly, noises began to echo from within.
“Oh lords and ladies preserve us.”
Half of the lids of the stone coffins shifted or crashed to the ground as their occupants suddenly began to move. The adventurers’ light didn’t illuminate all of the room, but they saw things crawl out of their stone beds, jerking upright, faint pinpricks of crimson light flare into existence as they stared at the living.
Their moans and ghastly sounds filled the huge room, echoing, growing louder—then they screamed as they got up and began running towards the living.
“Run!”
Gerial wasn’t sure who said it. It could have been him. But every adventurer in the room was suddenly running for the door as hundreds of undead began pouring towards them.
“The door!”
Calruz caught Sostrom as the mage ran out the double doors. He pointed to the corridor.
“Can you slow them down?”
The bald man hesitated. He raised his staff.
“I—I could cast [Sticky Ground]. The webbing would slow them down but this many—”
“Cast it! The rest of you, follow me!”
Calruz started running before the words had even left his mouth. Sostrom desperately raised his staff and cast the spell as the other adventurers sprinted down the corridor after Calruz. Suddenly, the lower levels were filled with sounds again, the clash of metal, surprised shouts from up ahead.
Screaming.
Sostrom caught up with Ceria, his longer legs pumping madly as he ran with his staff raised before him. He shouted, wildly.
“We don’t have much time! Only a few minutes before they catch up!”
No one else said a word. They pounded down the corridor, and when they rounded a corridor they saw a group of armed adventurers, around fourteen of them led by Yvlon. They raised their weapons but lowered them when they saw who it was.
“Calruz!”
Yvlon waved the Minotaur over as he ran towards her. Her sword was drawn and she had formed up her group into a solid line blocking the corridor down which Gerald had gone.
Calruz paused and pointed. Ceria and Gerial fell into line with the other adventurers, covering the way they had came as the Minotaur talked with Yvlon.
“What’s happening? Where are Gerald and the others?”
She shook her head.
