1.02 C
Page 5
I don’t. It’s true. But it is my job to manage the coin. I guess I can be okay with handing it out whenever anyone asks. Because that’s my job in this group. Some people are leaders, like Richard and Emily, others have opinions like Eddy who knows a lot about games, and others…why do I feel like this is the student council and I’m back in High School? Maybe because I have a position very similar to that here.
Treasurer. Actually, I’m more like a glorified purse. I keep the money Richard and the others are given, and give it out only when everyone votes we use it. Or when Richard says. I also help make sure everyone gets food for the night, manage our supplies of potions and so on…it’s not an important job. I do it because I won’t fight. I refuse to fight.
I had enough of it after the night when Wilen died.
Squashy, squashy. Troll goes stompy. And little Tom goes crazy.
For a second I debate stabbing myself. Right in the eye, or the side. Would that make the voice go away?
Try it and find out! One stab and everyone’ll believe there’s a voice in your head! Why not?
I hate you so much. Hate me. I know you’re not real.
“…Tom! Tom! Get out of the way!”
A voice calls out. I look up, and realize someone’s right on top of me. A scaly, orange face, glinting chainmail, a spear grasped by a claw-like hand—a lizard-guy is bearing down on top of me! Scratch that, a lot of lizard guys, marching in tight formation!
He’s about to walk into me. I twist out of the way, gracefully for a guy my size. One step, and the huge lizard man misses me by a fraction of a millimeter. His buddies march past as well as I step away.
That’s the second skill I learned. [Flawless Dodge]. It only works when I’m ready for what’s coming at me, and I can’t do it every time. But I feel pretty spry whenever it works.
“Company, halt! Stop running over civilians, you thick-scaled idiots!”
A voice shouts, and the lizard people stop instantly. They turn like a single unit, and I see another one striding towards me. She has black scales, a narked expression on her face, and a plumed helmet. Clearly an officer.
Or an enthusiastic cosplayer.
“Sorry about that. This lot is trained to walk over anyone in the way, nevermind that we’re guests here. In a Human city.”
She addresses me and her soldiers with a glare probably meant for them. Then she turns as Richard strides over. She glances at me, and then nods at him. Yeah, that’s a fair assessment. He is wearing armor and he looks in charge.
“Are you the group known as the, uh…‘Americans’? Sorry we’re late.”
She pronounces the word oddly. Richard nods, extends a hand to shake. It’s odd being called Americans, especially since America’s a big place. Two continents, rather than one country. But hell, I guess America means the United States, not anywhere else.
Makes sense.
And I mean, what else were we supposed to call ourselves when we were asked who we were? Anyways, Richard is used to the awkwardness.
“Yes Ma’am. We’re the Americans. And you are?”
She grasps his hand firmly. I note her claws, although Richard is wearing a gauntlet. She’s a lizard! A giant lizard person! With a tail! And she’s clearly a she. There’s just something about her size, voice, and physique that tells me definitely that she’s female while the soldier who nearly ran into me is male. She’s humanoid enough in that respect.
“Cirille Bitterclaw, at your service. I’m the sorry [Commander] of this lot.”
“Richard Davenport, Ma’am. A pleasure.”
