1.02 R
Page 9
Prompted by the all the eyes on her, Ryoka slowly took a bite. Her expression didn’t change one iota. Lady Magnolia blinked. The maids would have muttered, but their training kept their faces carefully neutral.
“Huh. Ice cream.”
Ryoka paused and cursed inwardly. She hadn’t meant to say that out loud. Again, Magnolia blinked at her and her mouth fell open delicately.
“My. You know what this is?”
“…No?”
“My dear, remember what I said about my skills? I know you’re lying. But how can that be? I would swear that this delight hasn’t been invented but for a week! I just heard it had been created by a master [Chef] in the northern continent. But you’ve had some before, haven’t you?”
She could tell the truth, or she could lie and reveal the truth. Ryoka shrugged.
“Yeah.”
The maids murmured. Magnolia sighed, and tasted the ice cream herself.
“Delicious. Oh, but pardon me. I couldn’t help myself. Well, this is one surprise that quite trumps my surprise! I must say, I’m rather put out and delighted that you know this treat. What did you call it? ‘Ice cream’?”
“Is it called something else around here?”
“I believe it was referred to as ‘gelato’, or some such. But I rather like your name! It certainly is quite reminiscent of cream, isn’t it? But the coldness—and of course the sweetness is incomparable!”
“Mhm.”
“Well, now you simply must tell me how you know of this treat.”
“Uh, it’s common in my home country.”
Magnolia raised her delicate eyebrows.
“Common? Sure you—but you are telling the truth. How curious.”
Ryoka shifted in her seat. This was bad. She felt like her mind was being read. Well, even if it were just her intentions and whether or not she was telling the truth, there were enough landmines in the conversation to fill a battlefield. She had to shift the conversation.
Gingerly, she took another bite. The ice cream wasn’t actually as sweet as the one from her world, but it was hauntingly familiar. She pointed to the melting canister.
“Uh, how much did this cost?”
That wasn’t an appropriate question, to judge by the glares she got from the maids. But Magnolia seemed to take the question in stride.
“Well, I hate to bring up such issues in polite conversation, but this little treat cost seventy gold coins, not including the cost of shipping it across the sea and rushing it all the way here.”
Ryoka choked on her bite of ice cream and nearly bit the spoon in half. Magnolia waved a hand at her.
“Oh, please. I know it’s a lot, but for a treat like this? Very worthwhile.”
Silently, Ryoka stared at the canister of ice cream. It was probably, when all was said and done, the size of a tub of ice cream she could have bought for three dollars in any supermarket in her world.
Oblivious to her inner thoughts, Magnolia smiled again at Ryoka as she delicately spooned more ice cream into her mouth.
“I fear we must eat quickly before our ‘ice cream’ melts. But I’m sure we could chat over tea as well. And then you can tell me about how you know of this ice cream, and where you come from. I must say, your features are quite striking.”
Ryoka’s expression didn’t change, but Magnolia’s eyes flickered.
“Well, if you don’t prefer to say I quite understand. But I would like to chat.”
This was hard. Ryoka frowned at her mostly melted ice cream and thought carefully. Then she looked up. Magnolia’s smile grew even wider.
“Oh? I know it’s terribly rude to point out what you’re thinking, but that was quite the inspiration you just had.”
“Yeah. I was just thinking about the ice cream.”
“Would you like another scoop?”
“No. But I do know a lot about it.”
