1.02
Page 1
Erin sat in a chair and buried her face in her hands. After a little while her stomach growled louder.
“Got it. Message received.”
Groaning, the young woman eventually stood up. She stood, feeling her body protest the natural law of gravity, and sat down. That felt better, but then her stomach objected. Hunger and exhaustion warred and hunger won out. Erin got up, knowing she had to look for food. There wasn’t any in the inn; she hadn’t bothered checking the cupboards because why should she? Any food that had been around since the inn had been deserted was probably sentient and had legs by now.
So that only left the outside. But Erin hesitated as she put her hand on the door to the inn.
Monsters.
She shivered. The memory of yesterday returned, fresh and vivid, and her hands began to shake. Her burned arm flared in pain as the cuts on her legs itched and stung. Erin closed her eyes and took a breath. Yes, monsters. But—
“I’ll die here if I don’t find something to eat.”
So she opened the door. It wasn’t courage that made her do it; just the will to survive.
The day was so bright that Erin was blinded for a moment. She walked outside, shading her eyes. And then she stopped. Because a thought had struck her suddenly. Something she had realized but not taken to heart before.
“This—really is another world, isn’t it?”
It was a simple revelation that came as Erin looked up. Up, into a sky far vaster than her own. It was hard for Erin to put into words; she only knew that as she stared up into the vivid blue infinity above her head that this sky was different from the one she had seen all her life.
The clouds were too big. Erin could never imagine something like that, but there it was. The clouds were…enormous. Back home, Erin could lie on her back and stare up hundreds, thousands of miles into empty space and see clouds floating inconceivably high overhead. But here—
“Further than that. So big.”
Erin looked up and saw a cloud floating over a mountain that cast a shadow that nearly reached her inn. It looked huge, and yet she could see the grasslands of rolling hills and valleys stretching for countless miles to its base. The peak of the mountain was so high up that Erin couldn’t see it when she craned her head back.
And the cloud was higher still.
How large were clouds? Erin had never had to ponder that question before. But she could remember seeing clouds that were large as…small skyscrapers, maybe? Or hills? Were hills larger than skyscrapers? It didn’t matter.
This cloud, this single cloud among many, was the size of the mountain below it. She could see it. Erin’s eyes strained as she made out small ridges and layers of cloud, impossibly small from where she was standing but probably plateaus and massive cliffs in reality. The depth of the cloud took her breath away.
And that was only a fraction of the sky. When Erin looked around she realized this world really was vast. Mountains that seemed to reach upwards forever, wide rolling grasslands untouched by civilization…and how far had she run before reaching this point? At first glance, it seemed like the grass stretched out as a single, flat surface in every direction forever, but closer inspection told Erin a different story.
“They’re hills! Hills and valleys. No wonder I kept tripping last night!”
If you walked carelessly, you could lose track of your surroundings and find yourself in a valley thousands of feet wide. And it was all mostly uniform, only a few flowers and rocks breaking up the tyranny of green. The plains stretched on and on without pause—
