1.02 C
Page 11
“Like failing to present arms when ordered, obeying a guard, yeah, yeah, what’s not a crime around here?”
Nereshal stops abruptly and turns to Eddy. I groan and Richard glares at him. Eddy raises his hands.
“What? I’m just saying.”
He never knows when to shut up. Now Nereshal stares at him, and Eddy’s grin slips a bit.
“Okay, it’s serious.”
“You do not seem to understand that. You are guests of his majesty, not arrogant [Princes]. You do not have the authority to order around servants. And I am no servant.”
“I just—”
“Be silent.”
Nereshal’s hand reaches out. He doesn’t tap Eddy, but whatever Eddy was about to say is cut off. His mouth gapes open and his eyes widen. He tries to speak, I know he does. His mouth begins to close, incredibly slowly. Panicked, Eddy’s hands feel at his mouth, quickly searching around his face.
“What did you do to him?”
Richard interposes himself between Nereshal and Eddy, looking concerned and angry. The [Mage] glances at Richard.
“I slowed the passage of time around his mouth. It will wear off. And he will learn to mind his manners here.”
There’s a pause as everyone stares at him. Vincent’s voice raises in disbelief.
“You’re a time mage?”
“I thought time magic was impossible!”
Emily, our highest-level [Mage], stares at Nereshal. So do I. I don’t remember him from our first time here, but then, it was a blur to me. Nereshal nods coldly.
“Lesser [Mages] may believe so. But the magic of time is another form of power, and the Blighted Kingdom demands all forms of magic in its defense.”
“What can you do, if you don’t mind me asking?”
Richard looks at Nereshal, once it becomes clear that Eddy’s mouth is the only thing affected. The [Mage] strides onwards, speaking quickly and precisely.
“I can speed up a flight of arrows or slow an enemy’s charge. I can hasten a weather front moving in, or slow the collapse of a wall. But I remain here for my most important duty.”
“Which is?”
He glances over his shoulder with those cold eyes.
“Preventing the aging of the Blighted King. So he may rule a month, a year, a decade longer. Until I am released from my duties here, I also act as his steward. Take heed of my warnings. If you are found violating any of the laws, the guards who patrol may not wait for explanations. And if you survive that, I will administer a fitting punishment.”
No one has much to say about that. I glance around the group. I’m at the back, since everyone else gets nervous when they stand next to me. We’re definitely not getting treated like we did before. Which might be a good thing.
“Are there any other rules we might break by accident, Sir?”
Richard speaks to Nereshal as he leads us to our rooms, a series of individual bedrooms in a far wing of the palace. The [Mage] considers this.
“I note that two of you seem to have become to be decent [Mages] in the time since your last stay here. Do any of you know any form of teleportation spell? I caution you not to try casting the spell while staying here.”
“No. No one knows the spell. Why?”
Nereshal gestures to one of the walls. In parts of the castle, the stones are rough and thick, and the corridors narrow. In others, they’re wide open and sweeping, a sign of polished craftsmanship. But everywhere I can feel a faint tingle that makes me feel as though there’s serious magic here.
Or it’s just in your head.
