1.03 C
Page 0

The Blighted King has a presence. It weighs down on me as I walk forwards. The silent feasting hall is too long, and the few of us have to walk past the watching guests, hearts pounding.
And as we approach the front of the room, I feel it. The King sits at his table, next to a tall woman who dwarfs him with her stature. But he is like a rock, too heavy. His very existence weighs us down, makes me feel—
Gassy?
I can remember the first time I stood in front of him. Then it was like being crushed as he looked at us. Now, it is different.
Around me, the others shudder. I see Emily’s face go pale, Keith start sweating, Cynthia’s eyes roll wildly in her head, and Richard clench his jaw. They are being crushed. I walk, feeling my shoulders ache. It’s…heavy.
That’s all.
We stop, in a ragged line in the steps leading up to the raised area where he is seated. The King looks down at us. We meet again.
There is no love in his gaze, no sense of familiarity. He weighs us with eyes that seem like scales, measuring our worth. Most of us stare at our feet, or at some other part of the room. Some are shaking. I look at the Blighted King. I can’t be afraid of him. Not like I was.
Does that make me strange? I’m certainly alone from the others. I can feel it, but I can’t help it. Fear’s another one of those things I lost. I’m not afraid of people with swords. I’m not happy about being stabbed, but they can’t scare me.
I scare me.
“So. The heroes of prophecy return. Diminished.”
The Blighted King speaks at last. His voice echoes through the chamber. It’s not grand. It’s not particularly wise. It’s just an old man’s voice, tired. I stare at him and see few grey hairs in his beard. But he is old. He sounds like it. I wonder how long Nereshal has been keeping him young.
Here sits a monster. Ageless. And here stands a monster. Can he see it in you, Tom? Or is this King as worthless as the land he rules?
The King’s eyes flick towards me for a second, and then towards Richard and Emily.
“We have been told that two of your number have reached Level 30. A commendable achievement in such a short time.”
“Miraculous.”
The whisper comes from the Blighted Queen. She’s younger than the King, but her towering height makes her seem older. I stare at her. She can’t be more than thirty, while he…
“But so many have been lost. We sent over sixty of you to do battle against the Demons. Now less than a third remain.”
“That wasn’t our fault! We told you, we’re not warriors. We—”
Emily raises her voice and chokes as the Blighted King’s gaze falls on her. He nods, once.
“So you have said. But some of you are warriors. The rest have seen the threat which imperils our nation. Nay, the very world itself. Would you hide behind walls my people have died for, deny your purpose still?”
“Not me. I’ll fight. But we can’t all be held to the same standard, your Majesty.”
This time it’s Richard who speaks. The Blighted King weighs his words and nods.
“One has reached Level 30 in three months. A [Knight] he stands, sworn against darkness. Yet no [Lord] or [Lady] has given him a title. Another, a [Mage] of water has taught herself. Miraculous feats, as our lady says.”
The Blighted King looks across our group, at frightened faces. He pauses.
“You will have a place in our halls, and your companions food and my protection so long as you hold back the scourge of darkness. But we have heard of one more. A champion who defended our people. A warrior who slew a Demon raiding party single-handed.”
His eyes move to me. I feel a chill.
“You. Step forwards.”
