1.03 C
Page 9
“That’s what I thought! But I was wise enough not to make a joke about it. How his Majesty raged when he heard of what happened to you.”
Somehow, I find myself sitting with the Fool, drinking from my cup as he fills it and drinks himself. He tells me about the Blighted King and his role at court.
“One must have a [Fool]. Actually, I lie. One mustn’t at all, even if one is a [King]. My class is rare enough, and there’s scant work for a [Fool] in hungry villages. I was lucky enough to catch his Majesty’s eye one day, and I have served here for over a decade.”
“A decade? Really? Wow. I thought [Fools] were supposed to be part of a court. Like it was a hereditary thing, or something.”
“Hah! Fools breeding more fools! What a world that would be! I’m afraid that Rhir at least doesn’t see the need for a line of my ilk. Although if I met a lovely lady…alas, they go for heroes of the realm, not idiots juggling balls.”
“You’d think the more balls the merrier, right?”
He chokes on his wine, coughs, and laughs.
“So Tom the [Clown] has a joke in him after all! A bit crass, though. I wouldn’t dare repeat it at court.”
“Oh come on. It’s funny.”
The Fool grows serious.
“Yes, but it wouldn’t be appropriate for the young [Princess]. You noted her at the table, I hope. Her and the other [Princess], of course. They are our King’s daughters.”
“I saw. She looks young.”
“She’s the daughter of the current Blighted Queen. Alas, her sister, whom we call her Highness Isodore, is the daughter of the previous Blighted Queen.”
“So there’s been more than one?”
“You hadn’t heard? Of course not. Yes, there have been two Blighted Queens. Three, if you count the one who died before marriage. The Blighted King has seen his wives die one by one during his reign.”
“That…sucks.”
“An understatement, which is why I am so sorely needed at his court. Not that the Blighted King laughs, mind you. But I keep the [Princess] and others amused, so I earn my keep. I also endeavor to stay away from lewd jokes or more intimate comedy unless I know she’s asleep.”
“That’s nice of you.”
The Fool shakes his head. He smiles sadly.
“The [Princess] has a hard life without me adding to it, Mister Tom.”
“Just Tom, please.”
“Very well. I’m surprised, to be honest that you took a class so odd as a [Clown]. What do you do, exactly, if it’s not make people laugh?”
“Make them feel uncomfortable, I suppose. And laugh at how weird I am.”
“Like a [Fool]! But surely there’s more of a difference. What makes a [Clown] different from a [Fool]?”
“I dunno. Face paint? I wear oversized shoes, have a big red nose, use balloons…”
“What?”
“Uh—it’s a round floaty thing.”
He stares at me. I shrug. I’m pleasantly sloshed by now and feeling…decent for once. I try describing it to him and he shakes his head.
“Loud, noisy, and can fly? I’d use one myself if I had such a thing. I make do with throwing squirrels and cats in the meantime. But surely there’s more to it than that.”
I sigh.
“I don’t know. Clowns come in all different shapes and sizes. I guess [Fools] are like that too. For instance, I don’t see you wearing a jingling cap with bells on.”
“That’s a requirement for being a [Fool]?”
“I mean, that’s what I think of. Why don’t you have one of those?”
He gives me a look.
“I’m a [Fool], not an idiot. There are times when a Fool should be seen and not heard, or not seen or heard at all. Were I to go around dinging like some bell, I’d be evicted from the royal presence within the hour.”
He paused.
“Perhaps the day if the youngest [Princess] were to object.”
“She really likes you, huh?”
