1.03 C
Page 13
“He can comb the area, and he will if you don’t come back. And if he does, he’ll be angry and Father will know about it.”
“I don’t want to go back! I want to learn to backflip!”
The [Princess] hides behind the Fool and me like any kid her age. Only she’s royalty and Isodore’s not alone. A group of men and women in armor rush out of the open palace doors after Isodore. I gulp, and Isodore glares at her sister.
“Come on. You have to go back.”
“I will go with her Highness, if she wishes.”
The Fool interjects, and the [Princess] brightens. But Isodore holds up a hand.
“I’m sorry, Fool, but my sister can’t be hand-held the entire time. Nor will your presence calm Nereshal. I think it would make things worse, to be honest. Come, Erille. Do you want to get the Fool in trouble?”
“No.”
Reluctantly, Princess Erille comes out from behind the Fool. She stares longingly at me and him, and Isodore gives us another look. She stares at me for a second with a look I recognize.
“You will excuse me, Sir Thomas. And you, Fool. Come, Erille.”
The two Princesses turn and meet up with their escort who surround them in a second. I watch them walk slowly back to the palace and turn to the Fool. He’s still staring at Erille’s back. Sadly. At last he shakes himself and looks at me.
“Isodore doesn’t seem to like you, Sir Thomas.”
He says the name mockingly. I sigh.
“She saw us when we were first here, I bet. She probably thinks I’m a fraud.”
The Fool nods.
“Oh, the whole kingdom did. I daresay that my role was made useless for a fortnight after you arrived. So many jokes were told—one merely had to wave around a Goblin’s head for the courtiers to roll around laughing!”
Then he pauses.
“But I suppose there might be more to it than disappointment.”
“How do you mean?”
He looks at me, cocking his head to one side, standing on one leg, seemingly back to his good spirits or pretending to be at least.
“You were abed and I was out and about, performing at breakfast, so you must have missed today’s gossip. It was about you. You claim to be naught but a former [Clown], but there have been rumors this morning about you, Tom.”
“Oh no. Really?”
I can’t imagine who started the rumors. But maybe Emily, or Cynthia, or Eddy, that bastard? It’s possible…the Fool nods.
“The court and his Majesty have heard you’re more than you seemed, Mister Unfunny Tom. I hear you can be quite amusing. And deadly. Her Highness may have heard the same.”
He turns back to look at Isodore and Erille. They’re still walking across the courtyard. Man is it big. And they can’t exactly move fast in their ballroom style dresses.
“Don’t mind her. She fears so many; one more is hardly her fault. As for Erille…”
He trails as he stares at the young Princess. She’s happily occupied as she tosses the ball the Fool gave her up and tries to catch it before it lands. She never gave it back, and I don’t think the Fool would ever ask.
It’s not hard to imagine what’s there. A Fool who’s more friend and father than her actual father, and a kid trapped in a castle. And the other Princess—Isodore looks back and then turns instantly when she sees me staring at her.
I look away.
“I’m no one, Fool. No one special.”
“So you say, Tom.”
He leaves me there, and I wander back towards the palace, feeling disconsolate. But I realize something as I walk through the corridors. Something interesting. And maybe hopeful.
Whenever I’m with the Fool, I can’t hear the voice in my head. I don’t know why that is. Maybe he’s just that entertaining, or just that nice a guy that I don’t want to kill him. Or maybe it’s something else?
 
—-
 
