1.03 C
Page 5
There’s a lot of chatter about what the Blighted King wants, as well. Richard’s room and Emily’s are the largest, so over ten of us end up crammed into there. I listen as they begin talking, arguing, really.
“Do you think we can stay here forever?”
“Maybe you guys can if you get other classes, but I bet he’ll make those of us with combat classes go fight soon enough.”
“I’m fine with that. I just want a break.”
“I think we can get at least a week or two.”
Richard says that firmly, as he sits next to Emily. She’s fiddling with a laptop. It’s not hers. It belonged to a girl who died. I think her name was Rachel?
Reyanne. You don’t remember her face, do you?
Anyways. The laptop glows with power. Emily’s got it playing a song in the background. I don’t recognize the lyrics—it’s some kind of Spanish song, I think. Rachel—Reyanne had different tastes.
The laptop’s one of our treasures. We don’t have that many electronics between us all. Some were lost when we were attacked. Others were stolen, lost…and we didn’t realize we could [Repair] them until later. Now everyone shares electronics, except for Emily who gets the laptop at all times.
Music, movies…I’ve watched the entire fifth season Red vs Blue that Eddy had on his Android phone at least sixteen times by now. We all cling to what we have left.
But it’s the iPhone that Richard carries that really matters. He stares at it, speaking out loud.
“I’d rather talk to the others again if I can, no matter how risky it is. But I haven’t gotten a call from [BlackMage] again, and I have no idea how to call him back.”
“Can we ask one of the mages here for help? They might know the people at Wistram.”
Cynthia looks desperate. Richard pauses before shaking his head.
“Too risky.”
“But—”
“We can’t necessarily trust them. What if they take away the iPhone? No, we’ve got to keep this secret, especially since the Blighted King doesn’t seem to know about the others. If we can get in contact with them, meet up or get help—”
“A way off this continent, you mean?”
Everyone looks at Vincent. Richard nods.
“I think this is our best opportunity. I was talking with Cirille—”
“She’s freakish. Unnatural.”
“Shut up, Cynthia. She’s a Drake, not a monster.”
“Keith—listen, she told me we can pay to send [Message] spells, or send letters. I’m not saying we should do that, because we’ll probably be spied on. But if Emily can learn to use the spell, or we can find a way to locate some of the others…”
“You think we can? What if the Blighted King…”
“He doesn’t need us. Richard and Emily are the only Level 30 people here.”
“Yeah, but they hit that in three months. It takes decades for normal people to do the same. No way he’ll let any of us go now he knows we can level like that.”
“So we’re prisoners?”
“Not if we cooperate. We’re more like allies, but we need to be cautious—”
I sigh. It’s always like this. I can’t be here. I brush at my sticky hair and decide I need a bath, and time alone. I get up and go to the door.
“You okay, Tom?”
The voices stop. Richards’s looking at me. I smile.
“Just fine.”
“That performance back there—”
“Hey, it was a one time thing. I don’t think the Blighted King cares about me. And I’m done with clowning about.”
No one laughs. Some of them still look afraid of me. I turn.
“I’m going to take a bath. Let me know if you decide anything tomorrow.”
I leave the room, hearing the buzz of conversation spring up as I shut the door. My friends.
