1.03 C
Page 15
He speaks as if we should know each other. He looks towards the next duel, between a [Mage] and a man with a bow who keeps shooting at the shimmering field around the mage as he dodges.
“Such displays are common. Rhir has a number of tournaments hosted year round, and offers coin to anyone willing to teach or display their skills from around the world. Martial prowess is prized here above all else.”
“When you’re at war, I guess that’s how it has to be, huh?”
I look toward the Blighted King.
“Can he fight? The King?”
The man shakes his head.
“His Majesty is not known for his abilities on the field of battle, which is not to say he does not appear there if the need is dire. On the other hand, her Majesty is at least as skilled a warrior as they are. She was known for her prowess with a mace before she married the King.”
“I can believe that.”
She looks like someone who knows how to fight. On cue, I hear a voice.
I wonder if she could block you if you stabbed her up close. What if you held her daughter hostage?
I shake my head slightly. The man notices.
“She is quite a fine warrior, as is your friend. He deserves his spot among the King’s champions. However, I deem your skills as equal to theirs in at least some respects, Sir Thomas.”
I stare at him.
“I’m sorry, but have we met? I don’t recall.”
He smiles slightly.
“I would not begrudge you that. I had the honor of meeting you in the village of Rastfad, shortly after your defeat of—”
Of the Demons. He was one of the people who saw me after I slaughtered them. I remember. I stare at the man.
“Are you—were you—”
He bows slightly.
“Captain Kirust, at your service. I returned to the capital last night but was too late to participate in the feast. I attended this morning and was delighted to find your company well, sir.”
“Hang on, you’re the one who’s been spreading rumors about me? Stop it. Please. I’m not a warrior.”
“I would beg to disagree, sir. I saw what you did to defend the villagers, and I cannot believe such a man would be lesser to any [Knight] of the realm.”
“I—no. That was one thing. I went crazy back then. You saw me laughing, covered in blood.”
He stares at me. I feel the ground breaking away under my feet. Unsteady. Someone’s laughing in my head.
They love you for what you are, Tom. Embrace it. They love you. You, the slaughterer. They cheered you after you laughed amid the dead.
“Sir Thomas, I spoke to his Majesty today and spoke highly of your abilities. I do not mean to force you to fight, but you should at least be awarded the accolades of your true merits.”
“I don’t want that. I don’t want that at all.”
He looks confused.
“But Sir Thomas—”
“Stop calling me that. Just call me—Tom. I’m no warrior, get it? I don’t ever want to do that again.”
“Not even if there are more innocents at risk?”
His eyes are steady on mine. I hear a buzzing in my ears.
“I arrived too late to save the people. From what I understand, your comrades fled. But you stayed and fought, and defeated over thirty trained Demon warriors and a Troll—”
“I didn’t want to! I’m not proud of it! Don’t celebrate me for being a murderer!”
My voice is raised. I turn to leave, but Kirust’s eyes are on me. His voice is in my ears, and the laughter.
“Sir Thomas, the kingdom has warriors, but it has few heroes. A man such as yourself—”
A hero. I turn and grab Kirust and lift him up. I’ve always been strong. The [Captain] stares at me, alarmed, fear in his eyes as I draw him close with a snarl. That’s right. That’s the fear. That’s honest.
