1.03 C
Page 11
I get lost six times along the way. The corridors are a complete maze to me, and they’re apparently meant to be that way. No invading army can enter that easily. Unfortunately, that means I have to bother person after person to find my way out.
I get all the way to the courtyard when I realize I have no money, no real desire to see the sights, and no idea why I’m here. I stare glumly around the huge open area leading up to the castle.
“Man, this place is big.”
You could march an army through here. Heck, that’s probably the point. There are three gates leading into the courtyard, which head up to the double doors up a flight of steps. The wall around the courtyard is high, but the space itself is so big that it doesn’t feel enclosed at all.
It’s quite nice, actually. There’s a fountain and lots of water over there, some greenery over there, very nice stonework underfoot…and that’s all I’ve got.
You really need a hobby. Like stabbing people.
“Shush. I was in a good mood before you showed up.”
You should turn around. Someone’s standing behind you.
“I said shush.”
“Can you really not do anything but juggle? Father says you have hidden depths.”
That voice is real. I nearly jump out of my skin as I whirl around. A young girl wearing a violet dress takes a step back. She stares up at me. I blink down at the youngest [Princess] of the Blighted Kingdom.
“Uh. What?”
She stares at me. I stare back. She points at my chest.
“Can you do a backflip? The Fool can.”
“What? I—probably not , your majesty.”
I probably can, actually. If it’s part of my [Flawless Dodge] routine or…heck, I learned how to do an okay cartwheel. But I’m not certain why the [Princess] is here, and I’m busy looking around for the guards that should be around her.
There’s no one in the courtyard. The [Princess] stares at me and speaks matter-of-factly.
“If you don’t know how, the Fool can teach you. He wouldn’t teach me, but he could teach you and I could watch.”
“Okay? If I see him, I’ll ask.”
“He’s over there. You can ask now.”
She points. I turn around. Now how did I miss the Fool? Oh, right. He’s not wearing his eye-catching costume.
A little man wearing nondescript clothing is standing about sixty feet away, walking about the courtyard absentmindedly. He has something in his hands. It looks like…a scroll.
He’s speaking to the air with the scroll unfurled. The [Princess] and I stare at him. Then she looks at me.
“Are you going to ask or not?”
She’s pushy. I step over to the Fool, more because I have nothing else to do than any desire to do backflips. He spots us as we approach and rolls up his scroll. He stares at me and then the [Princess] with a furrowed brow.
“I knew we had fun last night, but this much? And what are you doing in the company of the Princess, Mister Tom?”
“She appeared out of nowhere. She wants me to ask you to teach her how to do backflips?”
“What?”
The Fool’s eyes widen and he does a standing backflip, pretending to be aghast. The [Princess] claps her hands together, laughing. The Fool obliges her, and then peers at me.
“I’m surprised she spoke to you. Our little Princess speaks to few people.”
“He’s funny. So are you.”
The Princess informs the Fool in the same decisive voice. He raises his eyebrows at her, and then turns to me.
“Well, that’s interesting. I suppose you’d better entertain her yourself, Mister Tom. Go on, do a backflip.”
“What? No! I’ve never done one before.”
“It’s not hard. Go on. If you break your neck, it’ll be twice as amusing, I promise.”
