1.03 C
Page 12
I back up and raise my hands as the two pester me. In desperation, I point to the scroll the Fool tucked into his belt.
“What was that about? Were you talking to someone?”
“That’s a magic scroll. For talking to people.”
The [Princess] peeks at the Fool’s belt. He dances back, and wags a finger at her.
“Ah, ah! That’s mine, [Princess]. And as for who I was talking to…would you believe the love of my heart?”
He looks at us hopefully. I stare at him. The Fool scowls and bounces one of his juggling balls off my head. The [Princess] giggles. Then the Fool looks at her. There’s something parental about the way he does it.
“As delighted as I am to see you, you and I both know you shouldn’t be out here alone, young Miss. Why have you wandered off?”
The young girl immediately loses her smile. She scuffs at the ground with a shoe.
“Father sent the soldiers away. All of them. I don’t like that.”
The Fool stiffens. I look at him, confused.
“What?”
He looks gravely at me.
“That was a secret, my inquisitive friend. A state secret, so pretend you didn’t hear it if you know what’s best. Your Highness, you know you shouldn’t speak of such things. I understand you’re worried, but all will be well.”
She doesn’t look convinced. I don’t know what the hell’s going on, so I draw the Fool away. He tosses her one of his juggling balls to keep her company as he whispers in my ear.
“What the young Princess is referring to is a strategic decision the [King] came up with two days ago. With the exception of a few foreign regiments and the king’s own guard, every soldier has been deployed to the Fourth Wall. In preparation for an upcoming battle.”
“Sounds serious.”
He grimaces.
“No more than any battle is in Rhir. But it is a tactical decision. And one that cannot be shared, you understand? No one knows about this, save for the King and his advisors. And me, of course.”
“You?”
“Because of her.”
He nods at the Princess.
“Oh.”
The Fool’s eyes are sad as he looks at the young girl. She’s dropped the ball and bends down to get it. Then she catches herself and does some kind of curtsey instead. She snatches the ball back up, and begins tossing it up again.
“If she says something, Mister Tom, it’s because she’s worried. The [Princess] understands war, I’m afraid. And his Majesty, the wise and tragic King of the Blighted Kingdom…does not understand how much his children hear, I am afraid.”
“Oh.”
“Quite. Now, do help me get her back to the castle.”
He leads me back, pretending to scold me out loud.
“I keep telling you, broken bones are a sign of comedy, young Tom. We’ll make a proper [Fool] of you yet. If not that, I’m sure you’ll be a fine [Idiot]. And you should not be wandering around unattended, your royal highness.”
He pretends to be stern. The [Princess] frowns and stamps a foot.
“I don’t like my guards. I left them.”
“And it is a fine joke to leave an escort of trained warriors behind by yourself. But I see someone’s not amused by your tricks.”
He turns and points. I turn. How do I not see people coming up from behind? Now I see another young woman, the same one who was sitting by the Blighted King yesterday.
“Your Highness.”
The Fool bows to Princess Isodore. I do too, clumsily. She stares at me and the Fool, giving me a frown, the Fool an exasperated look, and the young Princess a stern one.
“Where have you been? Your guards are searching for you in a panic. Nereshal was about to scry around for you!”
“He can’t scry me if I’m wearing this!”
The young Princess raises a ring triumphantly. She’s wearing two. Isodore glares at her half-sister.
