1.03 C
Page 10
“I’m her sole form of entertainment on some days, and it can be dreary being locked up in the palace. She never enters the city without an escort and seldom at that.”
“Why? Is it so dangerous here? I thought the capital—”
He waves a hand and refills my goblet.
“Oh, it’s safer than any other part of Rhir and safe for all but royalty I imagine. Yet the [Princess] must be careful, or she’ll end up like her brothers and sisters.”
“I thought she only had a sister. Or—”
“She had others.”
Like an idiot, I stare at the Fool blankly.
“What happened to them, then? Where are they?”
His voice is flat.
“Dead.”
I sober up a bit.
“Oh. I’m s—I thought it was a family of four—”
“The majesties royal had a household of seven, once, unfunny Tom. Two older sons and another daughter three years older than the young [Princess]. All of them died. The brothers in battle, and the daughter in bed. A plague, sent by the Demons it was thought. Assassins killed the last Queen, and the one before that.”
“Oh.”
The Fool nods. He isn’t smiling now. He stares at his reflection in one of the mirrors.
“Now the [Princess] and her young highness Isodore are watched like sheep by lions, while their father and mother strive to make their kingdom safe for all but their enemies. A touching tale, isn’t it?”
I nod and sip from his wine flask. Did one of the mirror images of me just wink? Nope. Just my imagination. Again.
“For a [Fool], you’re awfully well-informed. And you seem important.”
“Shouldn’t I be? I am a royal jester, a prince of laughter. Shouldn’t I be known and heard, but never minded in court? I can walk around and people talk as if I don’t exist. Which I don’t mind, incidentally.”
The Fool gets up and does a cartwheel, laughing, half in mirth, half in a kind of despair I recognize. He turns to me.
“You’re no [Clown] you say, but if you’re not that, what are you? In denial, I should imagine.”
“No, no—you wouldn’t like to see me when I’m a [Clown]. Really.”
“How should I see you, then?”
“Just as Tom. Tom, the unfunny, who could use a refill of your wine, if you’ve got any left, Fool. I don’t suppose you can copy the wine bottle? Or do you have access to more wine we could find?”
He stares at me, a smile tugging at his lips.
“I don’t believe I’ve ever met a person who wanted to befriend me, Tom. Are you that bored, or am I that good company?”
“Neither. But us unfunny people should stick together, right?”
I grin at him, and feel happy for a tiny bit. The Fool blinks at me, and then laughs. Of all the people I’ve met today, his laughter is the only one I’ve needed. And it heals something. That night I pass out in my room, drunk, but sane.
And a bit happy.
 
—-
 
The next day, I’m too hung over to have breakfast, and barely have a lunch with the others. I keep rubbing my head and groaning, and when they decide to go out to explore the city, I beg off.
“God, Tom. How much did you drink last night?”
“And where can I get some?”
Emily glares at me while Eddy edges over. I shake my head.
“Ask the Fool.”
“Him? Where’d you meet him?”
“We raided the kitchens. There’s a lot. Good…ow, my head hurts.”
“I think Tom’s going to rest. Alright, let’s go the rest of you. We have a budget, remember, but we’ll make sure everyone has some coin. Tom, can you give us the money if you’re staying behind?”
“Sure. Here.”
I toss the pouch at Richard and stumble away to my rooms. After two more hours, I feel able to function normally, so I finally get up and stumble out of the palace.
