1.04 D
Page 15
Daly shook Ken’s hand, as did the others. That left Ken, Luan, and Aiko to march up to Quallet’s tent as night began to fall. Ken wondered if they were doing the right thing. Johanas and the others had fled without a word. What would Quallet do if Ken told him to his face that he wanted to quit?
Stare. That was the answer. The [Mercenary Captain] was getting ready for the night’s work. Now he turned and stared at the three.
“If you go, you’ll be deserters. You saw what happened to deserters this morning. Why risk it? And why tell me?”
“Because we want to be honest about it.”
Luan met Quallet’s eye. The Captain eyed him back and nodded to the forest.
“So you’ll just run off and pray you don’t get spotted by a patrol? Because if you do—”
“No. we will go to the [Doctor].”
Quallet paused.
“The [Doctor]? Why—”
“We know her. She’s…from where we are.”
The Captain frowned. He looked at Ken, then at Aiko, and then Luan. But it was Ken his eyes settled on, and Quallet remembered his promise to give Ken a bonus. He shook his head.
“I won’t stop you. But if you leave my company, you’ll be on your own. That [Doctor] seems competent, but she has no company. She’s got a handful of soldiers protecting her, and she won’t have enough healing potions to do her job forever. Not at the way this war is going. What makes going with her better? She’s one person. A single [Doctor]. Alone.”
“She’s not alone.”
Aiko was the one who said it. Ken and Luan closed their mouths and looked at her. She stared at Quallet, eyes still red from crying, but resolute. She spoke carefully, forming the words in English.
“She is not alone. We are like her. We are not…not soldiers. She is like us. She does not kill.”
“Neither does my company. We fight undead. We dispose of the dead. What makes her work any different from the work we do?”
“She saves lives.”
Luan spoke. Quallet opened his mouth, and then Ken interrupted him. He looked at Quallet, and a slight suspicion made him speak.
“Captain Quallet. May I ask a question?”
“What?”
“You are a smart captain. You are experienced as a leader. You heard us arguing. So…”
Ken hesitated. He looked at Quallet.
“…Did you tell the Dullahans that our friends would try to run away last night?”
Aiko gasped. Luan’s eyes widened. Quallet just stared at Ken, and then he turned away. Ken stared at his back, and then he walked out of the tent.
 

