1.04 D
Page 14
He was sitting by the fire, somber, and he’d been alone until Ken and Luan had come to talk with him. None of the others were in the mood to speak, but Daly’s decision stunned Ken. Luan sat next to Daly, eyes on his face.
“Are you worried about being safe?”
“Not that. I just don’t think leaving the company’s a good idea.”
“Daly, what we saw this morning—”
The young man from Australia swore and turned to Luan, eyes overly bright.
“I know what we saw. But the way me and the rest of us figure it—we don’t have a choice. We signed on to be soldiers, and if we desert now, we’re stuck in the same boat.”
“Geneva says she can protect us—”
“Maybe she can, maybe she can’t. That’s not the point!”
Daly raked his fingers through his blonde hair. His hands were shaking, but his voice was more controlled when he spoke.
“We may not like what happened, but every bloody bastard out there is higher level than we are. The Captain is right. This is the safest way to level up and learn how to fight. So long as we don’t try to run.”
“So what? So you’ll all gain levels fighting. And then what? Will you join up as a soldier? Keep working here?”
Luan folded his arms. Daly shrugged.
“I haven’t thought that far ahead. No one has. But if we don’t have a way to defend ourselves, what’s to stop us from getting shot? Or getting killed like Johanas and the rest?”
He looked meaningfully at Luan as he said that. Ken didn’t know what to say, but Luan shook his head.
“Daly, after what I’ve seen, I don’t think any amount of levels or Skills or weapons is enough. Fighting in these wars, with these companies…if I can help it, I’d rather not fight at all. I have something to live for. Someone to live for.”
Someone? Ken looked at Luan, and then at Daly as the other young man shook his head.
“I guess that’s the difference in the way we see things. Some days it’s fine to run. Other days you’ve gotta buckle down and fight.”
And that was it. He refused to go, and told Ken and Luan the same went for the rest.
“We’re sticking together on this. Each one of us. We’re a team, and a lot of the others are decent sorts. The Centaurs are right bastards, the Dullahans are stuck up, and the Lizardfolk love killing cute things, but they’re all like us. We’re a company and we’re not going to abandon each other.”
There was something wonderful about what he said, and also…Ken felt drawn to what Daly was saying, but he shared Luan’s horror. And he agreed with Luan. It was one thing to risk his life, but for this? To haul dead bodies away so more people could fight? That was senseless to Ken, more than the call of staying with the company was.
Ken and Luan didn’t just ask Daly of course. Aiko was asking some of the girls she knew, but the answer was the same. The others wouldn’t join up with Geneva, who they’d never met. They were going to stick together, to keep working. They’d been shaken by the executions of that morning, and they had seen the truth in what Quallet had told them. Only one of them had died so far while clearing the undead. But those who had fled had died. True, Johanas and the others had only been a fraction of the American group, but no one, including Ken, thought the others had survived.
In a strangely perverse way, the executions had brought the rest of the Humans, the rest of Gravetender’s Fist closer together. They were a proper company now. Only Luan, Aiko, and Ken couldn’t be part of it.
“We’ll be watching for you lot. If you survive the fighting…well, we’ll see then, won’t we? Watch how you go.”
