1.04
Page 1
“They’re not that dangerous.”
“Unless they stab me in my sleep. Or there are lots of them.”
“But I’m probably safe if I keep the windows and doors closed.”
“…Probably.”
“And there’s the rock-crab-thing.”
“…Does it eat Goblins?”
“They were eating the blue fruits. So they live nearby.”
“But I can run away from them.”
“…Until they chase me down and overwhelm me and eat my guts, that is.”
Erin stopped and put her face in her hands. She immediately regretted that decision.
“Pheh! Dusty.”
She sighed and grabbed the rag. Time to clean up some…more?
“Uh. What happened to the dust?”
The floor of the inn was made out of floorboards. Very sensibly, and in keeping with the rest of the inn which was also made out of wood. However, Erin had never seen the floor before. Up till this very moment it had been covered by a thick layer of dust.
Now though she was staring at the floor. A clean, undusted floor. Erin stared and then stared some more. Then she looked at her hands.
“Was that me?”
It must have been, but how had she done it? Of the numerous and varied—of the few skills Erin possessed, cleaning was not one of them.
Oh, sure she could clean up spills and small messes. Anything that involved tossing water and mopping stuff up was okay. But this?
“I wasn’t even dusting for more than—an hour? Two? And it’s all clean.”
Erin scuffed at the floor and amended that thought.
“Sort of clean. You couldn’t eat your dinner off it I guess. But that’s why we have plates.”
And it was a definite upgrade from before. Distractedly Erin scratched her head and felt the caked dirt and dust on her face start to crumble away.
“The floor is clean. I am not.”
Erin stared at the floor again and felt hot, sweaty, and very dirty.
“Right. I need a drink.”
Water, preferably. But Erin would have killed for a nice cool drink of anything, really. Too bad there wasn’t any water nearby.
“Time to find some. Or I’ll die. Whichever comes first.”
Erin wandered out of the inn. After a minute she walked back in, grabbed the knife, and closed the door behind her as she left. After another minute she walked back in and threw the dustrag on the ground. She slammed the door as she left this time.
