1.04 C
Page 6
“It was a stroke of fortune that the Demons did not kill her, truly. I fear she has so many years to grow, though.”
“Lady Isodore is promising, if young. A few years and she might…”
Zekyria turns to me with a bright smile.
“I’m sure Princess Erille is truly grateful. And perhaps we shall learn what reward will be bestowed on you tonight? I would be most grateful to sit with you at the banquet.”
“Ah! Lady Zekyria, I would put myself for the same honor!”
Yebior interrupts. The other nobles turn and begin fighting over me like one of the snacks. I try to excuse myself. Jeeze. Save a [Princess] and suddenly everyone’s your friend.
I wait for a reply in my head and hear none. I smile.
 
—-
 
After more conversation, more talk and eating and a good deal of time, it’s late in the evening. Just before dinner, which makes me regret eating so much in the gardens. But I can get away at last for a little bit before then, so I make a beeline to my room. There’s something I have to do.
I get lost on the way. I went back to my old room before Richard reminded me where I’m staying now. He grins at me as I throw up my hands.
“It’s a gift, Tom. You should enjoy your new place.”
“I guess. Is anyone else upset? I don’t want them to think I’m asking for special treatment. I could ask the King or Nereshal…”
Richard shakes his head.
“Emily’s salty, but we all know you deserve it. Besides, we can’t complain. And you did nearly die.”
“I guess. I’ll see you at dinner, then? I’m supposed to sit with some of the nobles, but I think I can get away.”
I turn to go. Richard stops me.
“Hey Tom.”
“What?”
“You did it. You saved a [Princess]. And you did it…without having a problem, right?”
He looks at me. I look back and nod, slowly.
“Yeah. I guess I did.”
His grip tightens a bit on my shoulder. Richard smiles.
“I’m glad.”
I smile as well and walk away without another word. It takes me twenty minutes to find my rooms, and they’re not that far away in the palace. So many corridors and so far to walk…you could get all your exercise just going from one part of the castle to another. When I finally get to my door, I walk in, a bit tired, elated, and thinking of a nap.
But my eyes are drawn to one thing in the room besides the bed. The dresser. It’s much like the one in my old room and is, in fact, decorated with my possessions from my old room as well. I stare at the perfect mirror and get out of bed to hobble over to it. I touch my fingers to the cool glass and stare into my eyes.
“I win.”
The Tom in the mirror doesn’t respond. After a minute he raises his hand. I press it against the glass.
“I killed them. Me. It was…I had to do it. And it was terrible and it hurt. But it was me, get it? I did that. Me.”
I finish speaking, stare at myself. I stare back, looking a bit tired, a bit triumphant. I wait, but I don’t reply.
“I won’t be afraid of you anymore. I won’t listen. You’re in my head. You’re a part of me. But you don’t control me. I control myself, and I’ve taken responsibility for my actions.”
At last, he stirs. The other Tom looks into my eyes, and his lips grudgingly move.
“Keep telling yourself that.”
“I will.”
“Shut up, you idiot. You don’t know anything. You killed two Demons and everyone’s praising your name. But you know you’re not in the clear yet, don’t you?”
I stare as Tom steps back a bit. My hands go up; he adjusts his shirt.
“It’s not over. Do you really think it is? Don’t be stupid, Thomas. I might be insane, but I’m not an idiot. Neither are you.”
“What do you mean?”
