1.04 C
Page 5
“A warrior is not all that is needed in service of the realm. Consider the role the Lady Reinhart occupies in her lands for instance….”
Theras scoffs openly.
“The Flower of Izril? Hah! That brazen hussy—”
Zekyria tsks softly.
“She’s an ally of the kingdom, Theras. Remember that.”
“Nominally. She’d be far better off halting her squabbles for power with the Drakes and sending support here. But her complacency is costing her. Did you know I heard she was being targeted by [Assassins]?”
“Surely not. I’d heard they were under her thumb.”
“So you might think. But it seems her manor was attacked. Now I don’t know the details, of course…”
The talk turns towards some woman I’ve never heard about. I settle back into my chair, and hear a cheer going up. I look over and see the young children gathering around the Fool, who’s just performed a triple backflip, much to their amazement. I see heads turning, and the faces of the nobles around me are pursed with disapproval at the break in decorum.
“Tactless as usual. I suppose the Fool is recovered if he can move around like that…”
“A waste of a healing potion if you ask me. Why use such high-quality items on him?”
“He is a guest of the palace and entertains her highness. Still…I can understand given his level, but a [Fool] is nonetheless a fool, is he not?”
“His level? Is the Fool…a high-level?”
“One would imagine so, but his performances are usually decidedly lacking.”
Theras sniffs and the other nobles seem to agree. Zekyria explains as she eyes the Fool juggling twelve balls this time. As if that’s easy.
“Before he came to Rhir and pledged himself to his Majesty, the [Fool] was an noted entertainer who travelled across Baleros and Terandria, putting on performances. There are tales of the grand feats he would perform. However, these days he seems content to entertain children. Worthwhile of course for her highness’ sake, but if he cannot even repay his debt to our king with his life…”
I cough, feeling obliged to defend the Fool.
“He was taken hostage, right? And he tried to warn me when the Demons attacked.”
There’s not much sympathy from the others. Zekyria tosses her head dismissively.
“His injuries are of course regrettable. Still, he would do well to learn from your example, Sir Tom. You two are akin, are you not? But he was taken prisoner while you fought. Most admirable.”
Is she…hitting on me? She leans over and I do my best not to edge away. I know Zekyria has a husband. She had a kid. But I’m getting a vibe—then again, I’m not good with picking things up. But it seems like—
I’m saved from any thoughts in that direction by an interruption. The people around me rise and I hastily get to my feet as none other than Erille and Isodore approach. We all bow as the [Princesses] stop before me.
“Sir Tom.”
Isodore’s voice is polite and her smile appears genuine. But it’s probably fake. She nods towards me, and Erille.
“Erille wished to thank you personally for saving her life yesterday.”
She nudges her sister, and Erille steps forward. Her hands are in her dress, and she twists them together nervously. She looks up at me, and mumbles.
“…you.”
I can’t hear the first part of the sentence. Erille curtseys quickly, looking upset at being the focus of all this attention. I see the Fool grimace as he stands, juggling across the garden. He’s watching her sadly. I bow towards Erille, not wanting to draw out the moment.
“I’m honored to serve, Princess Erille.”
She nods at me and then flees. Isodore curtseys quickly and follows her. I hear a sigh from the other nobles.
“So young.”
