1.04 D
Page 13
The others looked at her and Geneva tried to pretend nothing different had happened. She continued.
“So I do what I can. I patch people up—I can deal with injuries that healing potions can’t fix, like the arrow that hit you, Luan. But I can’t stop the fighting. I’ve just done what I can. That’s all I can do. I’d like to help you three, and the others, but…I can’t do anything.”
The three exchanged hopeless looks. Geneva stared at them. She knew what suppression companies did. She’d seen the undead rising—had one appear on the operating table before Okasha bashed its brains in. That hadn’t violated her oath, but it had disturbed her. There were magical, fantastical things like the undead and mages in this world, but people still bled and killed each other like they did in hers.
And now there were people in need, people from her world, frightened, without any way to protect themselves, stuck in a war and dying. Geneva felt the same urge as she did when she saw someone who was wounded. She had to help.
But how? She paced back and forth and came to a quick decision.
“If you can leave your company—I’ll make sure you’re fed and have a place to sleep here. I can’t, won’t leave. Not until this is over. But you’ll be safer here than you will out there.”
Luan looked at her. He was Geneva’s age, maybe older. He stood.
“It’s not just us. There are more—there were more, but there are still at least forty people. Can you feed us all?”
Geneva had food. The Selphids had food, rather. They’d brought it with them and provided a lot of the supplies she needed. She hesitated, and then nodded. She wasn’t sure, but she had only one answer in her heart.
“Only people from our world, though. I can’t ask the people with me to guard more than that. Luan, Ken, Aiko…I don’t know if you’ll be safer here than in your company, to tell you the truth. I don’t have a company, and I don’t dare leave this area.”
They nodded. Luan stood and looked towards the sky.
“We’ve got to go back.”
“Will you be safe going back? I could ask Calectus to—”
“We will be fine. I am a [Negotiator] and we have a flag. A white one.”
Ken reassured Geneva, although she wanted to be the one to do that to him. He was pale, as was Aiko and Luan. They’d just seen their friends killed and now Geneva was handing them a hard choice. They looked at her. Aiko bowed and so did Ken. Luan nodded.
Then they were gone, leaving Geneva alone. Only, she was never alone. Okasha had heard the entire thing.
At that moment, Geneva couldn’t have cared less.
 
—-
 
“What are we going to do?”
“I don’t know.”
“I do.”
Ken looked at Luan as they found their way back to camp. Luan’s face was set. He looked at Ken and Aiko.
“I’m going to go with Geneva. I can’t do this, guys. I can’t—can’t go out there and keep wondering if I’ll die the next time a patrol thinks I’m an enemy. I nearly died once. I won’t risk my life to clean up after a war. I don’t know if you’ll come with me, but I’m sorry. I’ve made up my mind.”
The two Japanese college students blinked up at Luan. Ken and Aiko shared a look. Aiko was the first to speak.
“I…don’t want to ever stab a dead body again!”
“Me neither.”
Ken felt his entire body resonating with Luan’s statement. He took a breath.
“I will go. And I hope—I hope the others will come too.”
 
—-
 
“No.”
Daly raised his head and shook it. Ken saw the motion, recognized it, and still didn’t comprehend.
“No? Why not?”
“I’m not going, Ken. Even if this [Doctor]’s from our world—I’m going to stay in the company.”
