1.04 D
Page 8
“Blood transfusion. That is—what is a ‘transfusion’, Aiko?”
“輸血.”
“Oh! That is odd! Luan, do you think she might be—”
Luan stared at Ken, and both felt a sudden jolt of excitement. It couldn’t be. Could it? Ken tried to remember—it was a young woman, a Human young woman who’d talked to him. A [Doctor]. That was a word from his world. Here [Healers] were far more common. Could it be? Was there someone else?
“Maybe.”
Luan put a hand to his side again, still not quite believing he was cured. He and Ken speculated about whether a person from this world would even know what a transfusion was before Aiko told them there was trouble outside.
It was the Humans. Or rather, Ken, Aiko and Luan’s group. They were arguing around the fire. They had been arguing for hours, apparently, but Ken had been too preoccupied with Luan to notice.
Now he saw Johanas shouting at Daly, pointing back at the battlefield where the Dullahans and Centaurs were still fighting.
“Those things killed Jessica! And those fucking Centaurs nearly killed Luan! I’m not sticking around to get killed. Let’s get out of here and—”
“Fuck that!”
Daly was standing across from Johanas with a group of Australians. There was a clear divide in the group and it turned out they were arguing about leaving. Ken stared as Luan groaned and Aiko helped him into a seat. Only the groan turned out to be about the issue, which Johanas had brought up and Daly and the others didn’t want to hear.
“We’re not leaving, you bloody idiots. You heard what the Captain told us about deserters—”
“Better than dying here or hauling more fucking corpses!”
The Americans were clearly ready to split. They’d been rattled by Luan getting shot last night, and that, on top of having to deal with dead bodies every night had been the last straw. The Australians were of a different opinion, as were the other young men and women in the group.
“You wanna go? Fine. But we’re not on board with this. Just because you lot are fed up, doesn’t mean we all want to risk our necks.”
Daly was arguing with Johanas. The American young man clearly wanted everyone to go with him. He turned to the group.
“In that case, let’s vote! Democracy! Everyone who’s in, raise their hands—”
Hands shot up, but Paige shouted as she crossed her arms.
“Screw your democracy! Over a third of the group is you lot. We voted last time, and that’s how we ended up here.”
There was a general agreement. Johanas flushed and opened his mouth angrily to retort. Ken turned to Luan. He caught sight of Xor and Raeh watching the disturbance at a distance, but neither officer seemed inclined to stop the fighting so long as there wasn’t violence. Quallet was ducking back into his tent—Ken spoke to Luan.
“What do you think, Luan?”
“What do I think?”
Luan’s face was still pale, but he bared his teeth.
“I think the Americans have a point.”
Ken and Aiko looked at Luan, shocked. He shook his head.
“Friends, I don’t know about you two, but I am not looking forward to going out there again. I just got shot. But—”
He frowned as the debate ended without a definitive conclusion. Daly took a swing at Johanas and both sides pulled the two apart before they could start brawling. Luan watched everyone disperse and shook his head.
“—But I don’t think abandoning the company is any better. Let’s talk to Daly and see what he thinks.”
It turned out that Daly and the other Australians were dead set against leaving and refusing to consider the matter.
“It’s not a vote, alright? We’re going to stay no matter what the others do.”
