1.05 D
Page 1
Geneva looked around. The ‘camp’ was little more than a collection of tents in a clearing. It was not a large area—a space had been cleared for the wounded to lie on pallets before going into her operating tent. There was a place for her to sleep, tents for the Selphids and the wounded who would rest, a tent filled with supplies and the healing potions she had, not to mention extra bandages, scalpels, needles…and that was it.
She sighed. It wasn’t a good place for people to be cooped up in, but it was better than nothing. She nodded at Calectus.
“Okay. Just…give them space. It’s not hard to feed them, and we have room.”
He nodded, and Geneva went over to talk with Ken and the rest. They looked up as she approached and smiled at her. Geneva tried again, but a smile wouldn’t come out. She stood awkwardly in front of them, aware of the dried blood on her clothing. She didn’t know what to say. She hadn’t really spoken to anyone for a long time. She just did her job.
“Calectus says you’ll be safe, so long as you don’t stray. I can’t offer you protection outside of the camp and maybe not in it. I’m not part of any company.”
She blurted out the details. Luan nodded.
“We understand, and we’re grateful for all of this, Geneva. You didn’t have to do this. We won’t leave the camp.”
“I—you’re welcome.”
It felt strange for him to thank her for anything. Geneva looked around, trying to say something, anything. Condolences for the friends that had been executed? She didn’t know their names.
It was Aiko, the young Japanese girl with red eyes who spoke up.
“Um, Miss Geneva-san…”
“What?”
“If you are not a company, why do you have that…flag?”
She pointed and everyone turned to look at the banner over Geneva’s tent. Geneva stared up at a crude pole of wood, atop which sagged a white flag with a red cross painted in the center.
“That? It’s not a company banner. It’s a symbol. I use it to tell soldiers that I’m not a fighter.”
Ken stared at it. The banner was too limp in the lack of a breeze for the red cross to be too visible, but he figured it out after a moment.
“The symbol for hospitals. The red cross.”
“It’s also the symbol of the Red Cross organization. They’re an international organization that does…does work like this.”
Geneva had seen the parallel, although she felt like she was stealing the identity of that group with her symbol. Ken nodded excitedly.
“Oh! Yes! I have seen them on the news before. Do people in this world know the symbol?”
“Some have associated it with me. But it’s not something that will protect you.”
“Sort of hard to see.”
Luan commented neutrally. Geneva shrugged. It was a flag. She didn’t need that, but it helped sometimes. She heard a shout and her head snapped around. Someone was running, galloping towards her camp. She saw Ken and the others tense, but it wasn’t soldiers coming for battle.
Four Centaurs raced towards the camp, supporting a fifth Centaur between them. Geneva saw more soldiers rushing behind them, taking the opportunity to find a gap in the fighting and head their way. She raised her voice, turned, and found Calectus striding towards her.
“Calectus, I’m going to triage. I need you to wake up one of the others and get them ready for operating. You lot—”
