1.05 C
Page 11
The Demons fall. The elite guard drop, and the [Mage] backs up. She raises her staff, points at Tom, cries out. One of his knives sticks from her shoulder, another in her arm. Tom kicks her before she can move.
“Ah, ah. I don’t want to learn how to fly today. Turns out I’m no good at it. Now, what shall we do with you?”
He grins at her. The [Mage] gasps. Tom raises a hand.
“Wanna see a magic trick?”
He reaches for her face, ignoring the scream from above. He touches her face, reaches behind her ear and pulls out…a gold coin. She stares at it.
“See? You should always wash! Now, let me see. Do I have a hat? No I do not. And a bunny? No I do not. But I can pull a knife out! How about a slightly rotten apple? No?”
She stares at him and utters a word. It sounds like despair. Her body vanishes underneath Tom and he sits down.
“No one’s a fan of my tricks. Oh well.”
He gets up, brushes himself off, and looks around. The Demons remaining in the courtyard stare at him. Tom looks up, and grins as Nereshal floats down. The [Chronomancer]’s eyes burn like fire, and magic crackles from his fingertips in the form of lightning.
“Well, it looks like I have an assistant for today. Ladies and gentlemen, Demons all.”
He bows as the soldiers of the Demon King ready their weapons, hearing their comrades falling from the palace. They rush towards him, and Tom straightens. A sword appears in his hand, a dagger in the other. He laughs.
“Let’s begin the show.”
 
—-
 
This is how it ends. Boring. I sit on a Demon’s body and hum. Nereshal turns and stares at me. I raise my hands.
“If you don’t like the song, you pick a better one.”
“Do you enjoy acting insane, or is this madness genuine?”
I pause, stare at him. The [Mage] is pretty undamaged for a guy who just killed a few hundred Demons. I shrug.
“Wouldn’t you like to know?”
He grunts and turns away. I get up as I see people streaming out of the palace.
“Hey! I think I win!”
The Blighted Queen ignores me as she walks out of the courtyard, her beloved Blighted King by her side. Her mace is drenched with gore, and the soldiers around her look wounded and bloody. I see Richard helping Emily out.
“Aw. No one important died.”
“Hundreds lie dead within the castle and thousands more in the city!”
Nereshal snaps at me. I raise my hands.
“Yeah, but no one important died. Let’s be honest.”
He turns away from me. I whistle a tune as the Blighted King approaches. He stares at me.
“You let her go.”
“Correction: she didn’t like my magic tricks.”
I’m offended, really I am. The Blighted King stares at me, and looks at the crushed Demon archer guy I landed on. He looks satisfied as he stands over his corpse.
“One more of the Demon King’s limbs taken away. It will suffice.”
“We will claim vengeance for this.”
The Blighted Queen’s eyes blaze with battle fury. Nereshal nods. I yawn.
“Maybe. Or maybe we all let bygones be bygones?”
They stare at me. I raise my hands.
“Fine. Fine. I guess we do it your way.”
“We must begin to reconstruct. Find the wounded—and whatever Demon soldiers remain in hiding. It will not be safe in the palace, your Majesty. I recommend caution and staying under guard until—”
Nereshal is speaking to the Blighted King as the people stream into the courtyard, and the King is staring around when it happens. I hear the scream. Erille’s voice. She’s pointing. I look up.
“Huh. I didn’t see that coming.”
A body falls from the tower. The same tower Nereshal and I fell from. This time, it’s the Fool. He tumbles through the air, only there’s no magic to slow his fall or break it. He lands on the ground, headfirst.
