1.05 R
Page 8
For once, Lady Magnolia seemed off-balance. She exchanged a quick glance with her maid.
“Then what did you have in mind?”
“Twenty answers to twenty questions.”
“You must be joking. Ryoka my dear—”
“I’m not going to tell you everything. I’d answer a limited number of questions, but not everything.”
For the first time, Lady Magnolia seemed genuinely shocked. She cast around for a reply.
“You know, it may have been naïve of me, but I had assumed coming here that I would be able to name my own price for discrete assistance. But you have a price of your own, I take it. Ryoka, is your leg worth say, four hundred questions?”
Ryoka gritted her teeth.
“No more than eighty—no, forty questions.”
“…I cannot accept that. Even two hundred questions—do you harbor such dire secrets that you must put a price on this?”
“If you’ve got to ask, you know the answer. Forty questions. Take it or leave it.”
Lady Magnolia blew out her breath in exasperation.
“I am in shock. Truly. And if I called your bluff?”
Ryoka’s eyed narrowed. She removed the sheets around her leg and swung herself out of bed. Her flesh screamed at her, but the bindings on her leg held it in place.
“There’s the door.”
Lady Magnolia didn’t move. Her eyes were transfixed on Ryoka’s bound leg, and even Ressa looked ill. But Magnolia was genuinely shocked. She knew what bad injuries looked like.
“Ryoka. How are you still moving around on that leg?”
“Magic. Duh.”
Lady Magnolia blinked. She looked up and met Ryoka’s eyes.
“And how many healing potions have you used up so far?”
Ryoka shrugged.
“Forty? Fifty? I lost count.”
“And you’ve been sitting here, without going to see a proper [Healer]? Why?”
“Not enough money.”
“And you didn’t visit me and request my assistance because…?”
“If I tried to reach you, they’d run me over again.”
Lady Magnolia’s frowned darkly.
“No one would dare assault a guest on my doorstep.”
Ryoka shrugged again.
“It might happen. And I don’t want to lose both legs.”
“I cannot believe—this goes beyond a mere act of sabotage. Whoever did this intended to cripple you. I trust you know this? Even an experienced [Healer] would have had a near-impossible task saving your leg.”
Ryoka grinned. Her face was deathly pale, but she kept herself propped up on her elbows.
“They wanted to amputate it right away. I said no.”
“And you won’t accept my offer?”
Lady Magnolia stared at Ryoka. Her eyes pierced the young woman to her core, searching for the truth. That was what Ryoka was afraid of. But she met the eyes and shook her head.
“Forty questions. That’s all I’d answer. A finite number, not everything.”
Once again, she received the impression she’d truly surprised Lady Magnolia as the older lady hesitated and seemed to grapple with Ryoka’s offer. But the noblewoman shook her head at last.
“A good gambler knows when to bet and when to fold. My offer stands. Answers to all my questions and I will have your leg healed by the end of the hour, my word on it.”
Ryoka bit the inside of her lip until it bled and tried not to let her disappointment show on her face. But then, Magnolia would sense it either way, right? But she didn’t say anything. Instead, Ryoka collapsed onto her bed and stared up at the ceiling.
Magnolia stared at her, still seemingly in a state of shock.
“Incredible. And you still refuse. What secrets do you hold that would be worth that price, Ryoka Griffin?”
Ryoka didn’t answer. After a moment, Lady Magnolia stood up.
“Very well. I believe you will change your mind. I will wait for your response.”
