1.05 C
Page 5
The Blighted King whirls away from me. I laugh. He turns back. Oh, now he’s getting upset. I’d kiss him again, but he’s too far away.
“What?”
I stroll towards him and a big mace blocks my way. I stare at the Blighted Queen and then lick her arm. She backhands me.
“Ow.”
I think she knocked a tooth out! Wait—yes she did. I get up, laughing, and see the faces. Oh, the faces. They’re all staring at me. Some shocked, others horrified—the way I like it.
Who says I’m not a people person?
“Sorry. Pardon me, your Majesty. I just think it’s funny. That’s all. You people talk about war and ‘tactics’ when you’re missing the point. If you want these—heh—Demons gone, just ask me. I told you how they got in, didn’t I? I’ve got tons of good ideas on how to get rid of them, too.”
“Speak, then.”
The Blighted King looks at me. I stand, clear my throat.
“Okay, have you thought about asking them nicely?”
He stares. The Blighted Queen raises her mace. I roll my eyes.
“Fine. It’s nighttime. They’re rushing through the corridors, probably right here if the Fool told you where they are.”
“So?”
“So…make it harder? Your hallways are nice and bright. There’s too much light! I say…douse the lights. Make it dark.”
The Blighted King looks at Nereshal. The [Mage] hesitates, nods.
“That could slow their progress, confuse them. The palace is labyrinthian.”
I tap my foot on the ground. Wait a second, I forgot my big shoes! I’d better go get them—well, maybe later.
“Now might be nice.”
Nereshal stares at me, and then raises his hand. I see flashing symbols, bright lights as he commands the castle’s magic—I edge over to where Isodore is standing, pale-faced.
“Shove over a bit, will you? I never got a chance at the bread basket.”
She stares at me and flees. I munch down on a loaf as Nereshal does something magical. Bloody. And toothy. That’s going to hurt coming out.
“The lights have been extinguished. Now. [Heart of Darkness].”
He intones a spell or something and the other mages join in. Darkness spins from his fingertips, flooding out the corridors, turning the hallways pitch black. I grin.
“Lights out.”
Now the Demons are obscured from view. But I’ll just bet they’re having a bad time finding their way. The Blighted King stares at me. I grin.
“Well? Time to get a sword and start chopping.”
“We cannot see the enemy. Should we not barricade ourselves?”
I roll my eyes. He’s really not good at this, is he?
“If you want to wait for the Demon King to show up with an army, sure. Otherwise, I’d go corridor by corridor and cut up everything you see with those shiny swords you give out. By the way, where’s mine?”
He ignores that. Skinflint. The Blighted King looks at the projection of his palace in the air. Nereshal’s changed it to a map of the castle. I stare at it. Lots of corridors, rooms…hey, is that my room I see?
“There are servants in the halls. Guests of the crown. If we cannot see our enemy, we may cut them down by mistake.”
I look at him, tilting my head to one side and the other.
“So? They’re dead anyways. If you want, send in your pretty little [Knights] and have them die. But then you’ll lose valuable warriors as opposed to, well, people. If I were you, I’d just blast each corridor with magic. One by one.”
He stares at me. I grin. The Blighted King looks around and realizes he has an audience. He shakes his head.
“Nereshal. Go. Take six of the eight [Mages] here and every warrior that may be spared. Blast the corridors only as a last resort. My lady—”
“I will go.”
The Blighted Queen walks past me, mace in hand. I laugh. And turn.
