1.05 C
Page 6
“Ooh, you’re joining in on the fun? In that case, let’s have a competition, Queen lady. Who can kill more?”
She glares at me.
“I do not compete with peasants.”
“And I don’t compete with Queens. But I’ll make an exception for you.”
She doesn’t reply. She strides towards a door, and the warriors follow. I sigh. The Blighted King looks at me.
“That may not be enough. The mage attempting to create a portal is the real threat.”
“You think? And here I thought you were stupid. Leave the mage to me.”
I grin at him. The King looks uncertain.
“You think you can defeat two of the Demon King’s champions?”
“Eh…it looks like fun?”
I scratch my head and shrug. He stares at me.
“If you are able, I will shower you with wealth and whatever you desire.”
“Pancakes?”
Blank look. No one else laughs either. Tough crowd. I turn. The little voice in my head is back. Oh no, what have you done, what are you doing, so on and so forth. I ignore him. Now, I had a good idea. What was it?
I snap my fingers. The Blighted King blinks.  Nereshal raises a hand. Touchy. You’d think I nailed him in the balls or something.
“I’ve got it! I’ll take care of your mage. I just need a few things. Time, for one.”
“Whatever you need, within reason I will give it to you.”
“A map, a [Mage] who can cast a few spells for me, and a few shiny knives, your Majesty. Give me that and I’ll solve your problems for you. Oh, and I want your sword.”
He stares at me. I scratch my head.
“Oh, and some healing potions. I’m going to have to kill some people as well. You said those Demons are all fearless? Sounds like fun.”
I grin. And my smile is bloody. Missing tooth. The Blighted King looks at me as if I’m crazy.
Which I completely am.
 
—–
 
The Demons run through the palace of the Blighted King in Rhir. They are armed for war, prepared for this day. Enchanted swords in hand, they slaughter anyone they come across. They have a target.
But they cannot find him. The darkness is all-consuming. The lights that had illuminated their way have vanished. Now a magical darkness steals through the castle, so that those without powerful Skills or magic are unable to see. And those who can see—
Are fighting.
Humans, Drakes, Selphids, creatures of every species hold corridors, fighting. Some are [Lords], others [Merchants] or simple [Warriors]. Some aren’t even meant to fight. But they hold the line as the Blighted King’s orders fill them with strength. Their flesh is like iron, and they do not break.
But their enemies do not fall back. They are Fearless, elite. Chosen. And they push their way further and further into the palace, killing, searching.
A group of sixteen warriors runs down a narrow corridor, weapons at the ready. They are ready for an ambush. They are not ready to hear the sound echoing down the corridor ahead of them.
Humming. A voice in the darkness. The Fearless pause, and their leader holds up a hand. One of them has a shortbow and he fires it ahead. They hear a thunk, an impact.
The humming stops. The Demons move ahead, cautiously. Then they see him.
A Human. He’s large, heavy, shorter than average. His face is dead white, his nose and mouth red. An arrow sticks out of his shoulder. He’s standing in the hallway.
And he’s laughing. 
Giggling, as if the arrow sticking out of his shoulder is funny. The Fearless stare at him for a second. They are without fear. Their leader points, they charge.
“Hi there. My name is Tom!”
