1.05 D
Page 12
“No we’re not. We have a company.”
Ken pointed to the flying red banner. It was flapping in the wind caused by Zalthia’s spell. The red cross flew high. They were the Red Cross company. It wasn’t just a name.
“But they don’t know that. In there—even if we had a flag, we look like everyone else.”
Luan was speaking sense. A soldier was a soldier, and there were Humans on both sides. Ken clenched his fists.
“But—”
“The only people who are safe in this kind of thing are…are people like the Gravetender’s Fist company at night.”
Luan shook his head as he stared across the valley. Gravetender’s Fist had to worry about this issue, but they solved the problem by being a target. They carried lanterns, made noise, had a banner with an illumination spell sewn into the fabric—all so that people knew they weren’t the enemy. Even that didn’t work all the time.
“We can’t do anything, Ken. We’ll just be targets.”
“Targets.”
Ken paused. He stared at Luan. Targets. He’d studied about World War II. It wasn’t a popular subject in Japanese curriculums, if it was taught at all, but Ken had studied it in university and read western textbooks as well as Japanese ones. He’d seen pictures of people who wore targets every day.
“Ken. What are you thinking?”
Luan stared at Ken, looking worried. Ken looked at Luan. The young man still had some of the leather armor he’d been issued. So did Ken. It was dirty, brown, closer to black, and could probably do with polishing.
“Or paint.”
“Paint?”
He stared at Luan, and then at the cans of red and white paint that Aiko had used to decorate the camp. Then Ken looked at the flags. White and red. A target. A symbol.
“Luan, I have an idea.”
“Does it involve us risking our lives?”
Ken nodded. Luan blew out his cheeks. Then he looked at the battlefield, at the wounded.
“It is worth dying for?”
“Nothing is worth dying for. But this—this is worth living for.”
Ken grabbed Luan and dragged him towards the paint.
 
—-
 
Daly was sitting, watching the fighting with the rest of Gravetender’s Fist while he ate in preparation of the night’s work. He was dreading it. No one could have missed the air raid by the [Mages], and the bodies were littering the valley floor. But work was work. He adjusted his belt, and looked across the ranks of his company.
Quexa, the Lizardgirl with the [Sorcerer] class was sitting next to Paige. They’d become friends ever since Ken had left. The Lizardgirl hadn’t understood why Ken, Luan, and Aiko had left. In explaining their feelings to her, she and Paige had gotten to know each other.
Now the Lizardgirl was watching the violence below, tail twitching. Daly understood the feeling. You could get used to the death, but never comfortable with it. It was always—
“What the fuck?”
Paige stood up. She’d seen something. Daly’s head snapped back to the battlefield. His mouth dropped open.
“What are those idiots doing?”
Two figures had suddenly charged onto the valley floor. They stood out at once, partly because of the flag they were waving desperately and partly because of their armor.
It was white. Pure white, only there was a stripe of red crossed with another stripe on their shoulders, chest, helmet, and back. It took Daly a second to recognize it.
“A red cross? Are they…medics?”
“What are they doing?”
Quexa had spotted them. She leapt up, full of fear and Daly’s stomach twisted into a knot as he saw soldiers from both sides take notice of Ken and Luan. He saw Luan plant the flag in the ground, and then Ken raised something. A shield. It had the same cross of red on it.
