1.05 D
Page 5
Ken stared at the Naga, giving him a slow look from top to tail in return. The Naga appreciatively wiggled his tail at the scrutiny.
“Ah, you know our customs. You are an interesting Human. What are you called?”
“I am Ken. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to meet with you. May I ask your name?”
Ken bowed his head, and the Naga smiled wider. He spread his arms, showing off bejeweled fingers.
“I’m Xalandrass, inquisitive little Human. But you may call me ‘Xal’, as I know Humans are not as adept at speaking as other races.”
Ken nodded, and took a breath.
“Honored Xalandrass—”
The Naga laughed in delight. Ken smiled a bit.
“Honored Xalandrass, may I ask if you buy items such as this?”
He took the balled up piece of cloth and unveiled the enchanted arrowhead. Xalandrass peered at it and then smiled knowingly at Ken.
“An Evercut arrow? Where did you get this?”
“A friend had it.”
“In him? Oh, I heard about that incident. A dangerous thing, when a company attacks the very people they have hired. But then, I share some of the blame. For I sold these arrows to the Roving Arrow company to begin with.”
A part of Ken’s chest tightened at that. Xal watched Ken’s face.
“Do you hold a grudge, little Ken?”
“I do not believe I should blame you, Xalandrass.”
“Ah, but the Honored Xalandrass is gone. Oh well. But to answer your question, yes, I would buy this back from you. It can certainly be reused, so I could offer you gold…but why do I think you have risked your life to come here for more than that?”
Ken nodded. He took a breath.
“I would like to barter with you, Honored Xalandrass. For paint. Do you have anything I could use to color with?”
The Naga had begun laughing again, but he stopped. He didn’t look surprised by Ken’s request, merely thoughtful. He tapped his lips with a long finger for a second before nodding.
“Paint? Curious. A Human child comes to me with an enchanted arrowhead, where another came with a device that made light. What does it mean?”
He was watching Ken. Ken kept his face politely blank. Xal smiled knowingly.
“Hm, hmm~. I think we have a deal, little one. Paint I can easily obtain—I have some with me. Dried packets that need only water. It’s a very handy tool for marking the ground with, and for marking armor. Dullahans love the stuff, so I have every color available. Which would you like?”
“Red, white, and black colors, please.”
“Only that? Anything else? I have many magical artifacts for sale. For the right price, of course.”
Xal flicked his fingers, Ken saw one of the wagons behind him move. Objects floated upwards and around Ken as the Naga gestured to each one, speaking softly, enticingly.
“Here’s one that will shield you from arrows…for a time. Or how about a shield that creates a burst of light when struck? Everyone but you will be blinded. Or what about a charm to amplify your voice? That’s a favorite among commanders like your Quallet Marshhand. My apologies, former commander, isn’t it? I’ve heard you’re with the famous Last Light. What’s she like?”
The question came out quick and fast, but Ken was ready for it. He bowed his head politely towards Xal.
“I am sorry, but I came here only to buy and sell. I cannot give information I do not have the right to.”
The Naga smiled, this time with regret.
