1.05 R
Page 7
That presumably meant that Magnolia’s friend was an incredible mage, but the book had said lower-level mages could cast higher Tier magic with enough practice and time. It also meant this mysterious friend was probably extremely powerful.
Ryoka’s eyes narrowed. Magnolia smiled brightly at her.
“I guess I should be impressed? But if your friend is so powerful, why can’t I visit her myself?”
“Well, she’s very busy as you might expect for someone with access to that kind of magic. And I will admit—normally receiving an audience with her, let alone persuading her to cast that kind of exhausting magic would be quite the feat.”
“But you can do it.”
“Let us just say that she owes me a few favors.”
Ryoka rolled her eyes.
“And you want something in return. Get to the point.”
Behind Lady Magnolia, Ressa snapped at Ryoka.
“Be respectful! You are addressing a Lady of the five Founding Houses and—”
“Ressa, please.”
Ryoka bared her teeth as Magnolia settled her maid back down. She stared into Ressa’s eyes as the stern-looking maid attempted to vaporize her with her own stare.
“Can your maid fight?”
Lady Magnolia blinked in bemusement.
“Ressa is quite skilled in a number of areas, my dear Ryoka. Among them is a talent for handling untoward guests, I must admit.”
“And dealing with filth that approaches my lady.”
Lady Magnolia tsked in disapproval, but Ryoka just shifted her weight on the bed.
“Bring it.”
The look in Ressa’s eyes suggested that if Lady Magnolia stepped out of the room—or even turned her head for a minute, quite a lot of violence would be brought. But once again, Magnolia waved a hand at her.
“I wouldn’t try anything, dear Ressa. I do believe it might backfire on you, and besides, I don’t think that Ryoka Griffin would learn or even be humbled by a beating however soundly administered.”
The look in Ressa’s eye suggested she would be willing to try. But she subsided and Ryoka turned her attention back to Magnolia.
“So if I don’t accept your ‘generous offer’ you’ll be…what? Offended?”
Lady Magnolia laughed again.
“My dear, I’m only offended by those who have nothing to offer me. No, I imagine it would take some doing for you to cause me any real offense. If you refuse I would merely be—”
“Annoyed?”
“Disappointed. Very greatly so. After all, it is in my best interest and yours for you to be running again. For you it is your livelihood, and for me—well, I suspect you would be far more amicable when you’re not grumpy and irritable with pain.”
“Maybe. Maybe not. Can you just tell me what you want in return already?”
Lady Magnolia sighed.
“Ryoka, I have to ask. I have a number of skills, one of which is [Charming Demeanor], yet it seems to have no effect on you. I’ve dealt with stubborn generals and obnoxious Dragons and had more of an effect. Would you care to explain your extraordinary resilience?”
Ryoka shrugged.
“I’ve met people more charming than you. I didn’t like them either. What do you want?”
Lady Magnolia pursed her lips in gentle vexation.
“Well. I’m prepared to pay whatever my friend desires and have her over here in a blink of an eye, even if I must pay for teleportation. But I do want something Ryoka. Nothing too arduous—merely answers to a number of burning questions I find myself saddled with.”
“Answers. How many?”
“How many? Ryoka my dear, I would hope for what I offer I would be allowed to ask as many questions as I dare. Not to put a fine point on it, but a spell to heal your leg is costly. Aren’t a few answers worth the price of asking?”
Ryoka shook her head.
“Not to me.”
