1.05
Page 7
 
The skeleton was gone. Erin was sure of it. It wasn’t anywhere in the inn that she’d looked, and she’d combed both top and bottom floor thoroughly.  And the worst part about losing a dead body was wondering where it went.
Erin sat in the common room. Actually, she sat in a corner of it, her back to the wall as her eyes darted around the room. It wasn’t that she was waiting for a pile of bones to fall from the ceiling. But…she would prefer to know where said bones had gone.
“Okay. Okay. What’s the problem? It was just a skeleton. Just a spooky, dead thing. And even if it did move—somehow, where would it go?”
She didn’t know why she was whispering to herself. It just made her feel…well, it didn’t make her feel better, but it felt appropriate.  It was getting dark. It was nearly night. In the circumstances being loud didn’t feel like the smart thing to do.
And the skeleton might hear her.
“No, no. That’s impossible. It’s not here. It’s somewhere else. Besides, where could it hide? I checked all the rooms upstairs. So where could it be?”
The…cupboards?
Her eyes darted towards the kitchen. No. It couldn’t be. She’d checked.
What about underneath the floorboards? Or in the roof?
Erin kept very still and listened. Nothing. That was good, right?
But skeletons don’t need to breathe. They don’t need to move until you’re asleep. And then…
Enough. Erin shook her head. It was all in her head. There had to be a perfectly good reason for a corpse to disappear suddenly—
What about the walls?
Erin refused to turn her head. She was just being paranoid. Which was a good thing. Because it could be anywhere.
No; not just it. Them. Maybe someone, something took the skeleton. But why? And when?
Her mind suddenly flashed back to when she’d returned that morning. Hadn’t the inn’s door been open? She hadn’t noticed at the time but she remembered closing it as she left. She didn’t remember having to open it when she got back.
Her skin crawled. The inn suddenly felt a lot less safe.
But it was just her imagination. She had an over-active imagination. If she went to sleep all would be well. All she had to do was close her eyes and when she woke up all would be well. There was nothing to worry about. Erin couldn’t even hear anything except the rapid beating of her heart and the creaking.
Creaking. A footstep.
Erin sat bolt upright. Her heart felt like it was about to stop from sheer overwork. Her eyes darted to the ceiling.
Something was up there.
She heard it moving about. Maybe if she’d been more relaxed she might never have noticed the faint creaks and groans of floorboards as something crept around upstairs. And judging by the sounds…
Erin tracked the progress of the creature. It was moving to the stairwell.
Slowly, Erin clenched her bad hand to avoid screaming. The pain as her sliced hand throbbed and started to bleed grounded her. Silently, she stood up.
The knife was on the table. Erin held it in her good hand and moved around. The stairwell was on the right side of the room. Anyone coming down wouldn’t be able to see her if she was in the rightmost corner.
Skirting the chairs and tables Erin made her way there and crouched down. The handle of the kitchen knife was slippery in her hand with sweat. Her other hand was slippery with her blood. She gazed at the blade of the knife. It was very sharp.
The creaking stopped for a moment as the intruder reached the top of the stairs. Erin waited. It would come down. And when it did, she’d get one chance to attack first.
Attack first? Am I some kind of hero?
