1.06 D
Page 10
“Xalandrass, do you know who attacked Geneva’s camp? There was the Firebringer and Dullahans. Did one side do all of it, or was it both? And why? The soldiers love Geneva. So why…?”
The Naga smiled a touch sadly and shook his head at Ken’s naiveté.
“The soldiers don’t need to know a thing. A single [Strategist] could have ordered the attack, or the leader of either company. And both sides can deny attacking as well. The Centaurs can claim Zalthia was hitting targets of opportunity and failed to recognize Geneva’s camp. The Dullahans sent assassins so they could claim it was a rogue group or mercenaries sent by the other side to frame them. I do suspect it was both, but what does it matter? The deed was done and now we are stuck.”
Back at the table, the argument was getting heated between Geneva and the others. To Ken’s surprise, Luan was joining in the discussion, trying to convince Geneva they needed to fight. But she was insistent and Ken heard her adamant reply as Ken and Xal approached the table.
“There has to be another way. If we fight, we become a target for everyone. I cannot, will not end this all in senseless death.”
“There is no other option. We’ve agreed that staying here is riskier—either we die or they die. I won’t call that senseless!”
Quallet snapped at Geneva, resting his gauntleted hands on the table. She stared back and then flicked her eyes towards the tent. The roar of battle was background noise now, never ceasing.
“There’s a better way. I’ll go ahead of everyone.”
“What?”
The captains stared at her. So did Ken, Luan, and Calectus. Aiko had left, to wash off the blood of the Dullahan she’d killed. Geneva looked at everyone in turn, resolute.
“The soldiers know me. They know who I am. Maybe if they see me, they’ll stop fighting long enough for us to get through.”
“That’s suicide.”
Exara looked troubled, Quallet thoughtful. Calectus was dead against it, and surprisingly, so was Xalandrass. He slithered over to Geneva, smiling at her. She looked warily at him.
“I hate to disregard such courage, my fair [Doctor], but I must tell you that if you do that, you will die. To no good purpose, either.”
“Why? I understand the risks, but if I can get enough soldiers to see me—”
“Ah, but it is not the soldiers you must worry about.”
Xalandrass cut Geneva off. He flicked his tail, indicating both sides on the map.
“This has gone beyond simple infractions of conduct. Both companies have attacked neutral parties. One company might have broken the rules at first—and I would put money on the Dullahans being the ones—but both sides are party to this now. Any witnesses would bring back terrible retribution onto them. So it is in the best interests that no one survives this battle.”
He reached out with his Human-like hands and touched Geneva lightly on the chest.
“You may stop the fighting, but only for a moment. Both sides will want you dead, and will see it happen easily. All it takes is an arrow or spell, from either side. The victor can claim whatever they want, but so long as either group can claim it was an accident, the soldiers will believe it and more importantly, you will be dead. As will we all.”
Geneva stared Xalandrass in the eye, and then nodded.
“I accept that risk. I’m willing to die if you can escape. If I go out, I can at least buy you a few minutes maybe. Enough time for you to get clear of the worst of the fighting…”
“Unacceptable.”
Calectus interrupted. She leaned forwards, glaring at Geneva.
“You are my ward, Geneva. I cannot allow you to throw your life away.”
“What choice do we have, Calectus?”
