1.06 D
Page 2
“Are you hurt, Calectus-san? Do you need—”
Ken had no idea what a Selphid would need. A healing potion? Those didn’t work on the dead. Calectus shook his head.
“I have torn this body’s muscles and taken many wounds. I must find another. But later. Where is Geneva?”
“We don’t know. We saw the mage burning the camp and then saw the Dullahans—”
“Assassins. Zalthia was sent by the Centaurs, there’s no question about it. And the Dullahans felt like experienced [Soldiers], not mercenaries for hire. Only one of them ran.”
“You mean…both sides attacked us?”
Ken stared at Calectus. The Selphid nodded shortly.
“There may be more about. Help me find Geneva.”
“And Aiko! She is—Luan, the operating tent!”
Remembering, Ken and Luan both ran for the tent, Calectus following and warily looking around. Ken shouted the moment he saw the tent wasn’t completely engulfed by the flames. He ran towards the smoke, screaming.
“Aiko! Aiko!”
The tent was billowing black smoke from the inside. Ken took a breath and rushed towards the opening. He saw fire, felt the heat and saw a dim table—and a body, burning. He ran to it and tried to drag it out.
“Ken!”
The flames burned Ken’s hand. He dragged at the body, screaming inside while he tried not to breathe. Someone grabbed him and dragged him out. Ken gasped for air as he cleared the tent. He looked down and saw…
A stranger. A dead Dullahan’s face stared up at him. She wasn’t wearing armor. She was one of the Selphids, only there was no life behind the dead face. Calectus leaned on his halberd.
“Tefiat.”
He shook his head as Ken and Luan looked at him questioningly. The Selphid inside was dead. Only now did Ken feel the pain in his hands and cry out. Luan reached for him.
“We’ve got to get healing potion on your burns.”
Ken shook his head.
“First Aiko. Where is she?”
“Ken?”
A voice from behind. Ken whirled, and then stumbled to his feet and ran. He ran around the tent and then saw Aiko. She was kneeling over another body. Another Dullahan. This one was wearing armor and had a sword.
He was dead. There was blood on Aiko’s hands. She looked at Ken, her hands shaking. She was alive. Ken sagged, and then took in the scene a second time. The Dullahan was dead, and Aiko was not. She had killed him.
The knowledge was in Aiko’s eyes, the proof of it on her crimson hands. She looked at Ken, shaking.
“I—I—”
Ken stared at the dead Dullahan. A scalpel was in his eye and another one was sticking out of his neck. The young Japanese man was no expert, but it looked like an artery had been sliced. His armor was painted with red.
“Aiko!”
Luan ran towards her and hugged her, ignoring the blood. Aiko stared at him, and then at Ken.
“I killed him, Ken. I did not mean to, but I was afraid—”
“You—you did the right thing. He would have killed you.”
Ken replied automatically, but he was still staring at the dead Dullahan. He’d never killed anyone. He’d killed undead, as had everyone else, but Aiko had—had she taken him by surprise? Defended herself and gotten lucky?
Calectus interrupted the moment. He snapped at Aiko as he surveyed the area.
“Have you seen Geneva? Do you know where she was?”
“No, I—”
Aiko seemed paralyzed, but she snapped out of it as she focused on the question.
“I do not know. I think she was at the edge of camp. Maybe?”
“Spread out and search! If you find anyone, run and shout for me!”
The Selphid ordered the Humans. He was more concerned about Geneva than the others, even the other Selphids. Ken looked at Luan and Aiko. She was shaking and he was holding her, trying to comfort her. Luan looked at Ken.
