1.06 R
Page 5
Calruz waved a hand indifferently, clearly uncaring. The warrior glanced at Gerial. And Gerial glanced at Ryoka. He hesitated, and then shook his head.
“This isn’t our area, and besides, it’s a tiny tribe. Let the local adventurers deal with it if it becomes an issue. Let’s go find that necromancer.”
“He should be waiting at the inn. Anyone see it?”
The other adventurers looked around as the warrior unstrung his bow, grumbling about a missed opportunity. Ryoka looked around too, but the landscape was full of hidden hills and dips that made seeing in a straight line hard.
It was half an hour before one of the mages pointed.
“There’s the inn. We’re here.”
Ryoka’s head shot up. She saw in the distance, a rising hill, broad enough to almost be called a plateau, and on it—
An inn.
It was quite ordinary. Ryoka glanced at its weathered façade and immediately paid no attention to it. Because standing on top of the gently sloping hill and staring down towards the party of adventurers was a mage.
He was clearly a mage. He had robes on, and he looked pasty-skinned and like he was more used to wielding books than a sword. His robes were white—well, as the cart approached they became more colorful, but he was wearing robes.
The cart rumbled to a stop as the sweating horses finally finished their long journey. The adventurers slowly and silently slid out of the cart. Ryoka tried to get up, but Calruz simply picked her up in his arms and hopped off the wagon before placing her on her feet. She glared at him, but then focused on the mage.
Pisces. He looked quite harmless as the Horns of Hammerad spread out in front of him. But Ryoka noticed that while none of the adventurers had drawn their swords, they weren’t relaxing in front of him. And they were in formation – two of the mages in the back while the warrior with the mace stood in front of them. Calruz and Gerial flanked Ceria as she stepped forwards.
The half-elf walked forwards until she and Pisces were a few feet apart. They appraised each other. One, a part-immortal with beauty that bordered on the supernatural, wearing robes woven with magic and finest cloth. The other, a mage in dirty robes standing in front of a run-down inn.
Ceria inclined her head slightly. Pisces nodded.
“Pisces.”
“Ceria.”
“It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”
“Quite.”
Both fell silent as Ryoka balanced on one leg. She looked from one face to the other. Clearly, there was little love lost between the two, but they weren’t enemies. It was another one of the awkward social moments she hated.
Ceria broke the silence. She nodded towards the inn.
“Is there anyone in there? Can we buy supplies and rest, or do we have to go into the city?”
He shrugged.
“Not at the moment. The owner is currently elsewhere, it seems.”
“Well then, I guess this is as good a place as any.”
“I suppose so.”
More silence. Ceria tightened her grip on her staff.
“You know what we want you to do?”
“Mend shattered bone? A simple task.”
Pisces shrugged casually. This seemed to infuriate Gerial. The vice-captain stepped forwards.
“We’ve travelled over a hundred miles to get here, mage. You’re supposed to be a necromancer able to help us, but I haven’t heard how you’d be able to mend bone. Necromancers deal with the dead, so what makes you special?”
If looks could kill—Pisces’s icy stare would merely have wounded. He took his time replying and sniffed hard as he looked down his nose at Gerial.
