1.06 R
Page 2
“In any case, the mage we’re going to visit is not the Necromancer. He just…practices necromancy.”
“Ah.”
Someone shifted on the cart. Ryoka heard the scraping of metal on wood. She peeked open an eye and saw the half-elf looking at the other female mage on the cart.
“I still don’t like it. Ceria, how do you know someone like that?”
She shrugged.
“We studied together in Wistram Academy. I was a friend of his…once. We parted ways badly several years ago, but I knew he was in the area. Besides, Pisces isn’t very dangerous. Annoying, yes, but not dangerous. He’s greedy, arrogant, and rude, but that’s all.”
Gerial leaned forwards.
“You told him what you want him to do?”
“I gave him the barest details. The messaging spell I used didn’t give me time for more, but he agreed. He’ll meet us at an inn a few miles southeast of Liscor. Don’t worry; he’s competent. But I suspect he’ll want money, and lots of it.”
“We can cover the cost.”
Calruz interjected before Ryoka could speak. Which was good, because she was completely broke at the moment. Even the healing potions and carriage had been paid for by the Horns of Hammerad.
“Why’s he out there?”
“He’s in hiding.”
“Why does he practice necromancy?”
A pause. Ryoka’s eyelids felt heavy. Then Ceria spoke.
“I suspect because he likes dead people more than he likes the living most of the time.”
“I get that.”
Ryoka let her head fall back against the bouncing carriage. She meant to ask more questions, but she was so hot. And tired. The parts of her shattered leg she could feel felt like they were throbbing. But the pain was gone, thanks to the magic.
In this moment, that was enough to make the bumping, rattling cart smelling of hay into heaven. Ryoka sank back into the hay.
She closed her eyes, and slept.
 
—-
 
Riding on a carriage pulled by a horse is not fun with a shattered leg. Even with healing potions and anti-pain spells. But compared to sleeping in an inn sans anti-pain spells and with limited healing potions, it’s bliss.
I slept until morning, and well into that. When I woke up, it was already past midday and apparently, we were two thirds of the way towards our destination.*
 
*Which, considering how far Liscor is away from the human lands is pretty damn impressive. The Horns of Hammerad must have set a blistering pace to get this far so quickly.
 
I missed the details of what happened while I slept. But apparently, the Horns of Hammerad made a few stops at another city. Firstly to let the rest of their injured party members know what they were doing, and secondly, to swap out horses. Then they continued their journey into the night, half of them sleeping in the cart and then swapping out with the others in the morning.
They even took care of my leg. The bandages weren’t changed of course, but they’d used another healing potion so my leg didn’t look as puffy and horribly red. Just…puffy and red at the moment.
“How are you feeling?”
Ceria leans forward over the hay when she notices I’m awake. She hands me a roll of sweet, crumbling bread spread with jam and butter. It tastes delicious.
“Good. Thanks for everything.”
My voice wakes up one of the guys sleeping in the cart. Gerial blinks up at me and gives me a charming smile. I guess it’s charming. Someone else would probably think it was, at any rate.
“We’re happy to repay our debts, Ryoka. And it hasn’t been that much of a chore so far.”
Says the guy sleeping in hay after a riding through the night. Well, maybe that is normal by this world’s standards.
“I’ll remember this.”
