1.06 R
Page 3
Crap. That sounded like a threat. And…now he’s looking confused. Great. Change the subject, fast.
“—So. About this mage.”
Ceria nods. She fiddles with her staff. It’s not glowing anymore. I guess it takes mana to keep it lit.*
 
*Mana. Magical energy. This world already sounds like a classic videogame, and they use terms right out of most games I know. Still, the idea that we all have our own internal reservoir of magic is cool.
 
“Pisces. I told you that he’s a necromancer. In truth, he’s probably not that strong of one—I remember that he was about Level 22 when we were students together in Wistram Academy. Even if he’s leveled up a bit, he shouldn’t be a threat if you’re worried.”
I hear a snort. Huh. Calruz is still keeping pace with the cart. Did he…run throughout the night? Even I’m not that kind of crazy.
“I fear no mage, especially not a weak one who practices cowardly magic like necromancy.”
Gerial shook his head.
“He’s still the same level as most of our group. That’s not bad. But why did you say he was hiding out, Ceria?”
She adjusts the hat on her head and glances over the side of the cart. Not directly away from Gerial, but I know evasion when I see it.
“He was kicked out of Wistram Academy. And he’s wanted by several cities for causing trouble, I gather. Not murder—just extortion and troublemaking.”
Time for more information gathering.
“Let me guess. He was kicked out because they found he was practicing necromancy, right?
“Oh, no. It wasn’t just that. No, it was because of what he did with necromancy that he was expelled.”
Again, the awkward silence. I hate this kind of conversation, but someone’s got to ask the obvious question. Thankfully, it’s Gerial not me that gets to ask.
“What did he want to do?”
Ceria tightens her lips.
“I can’t talk about the exact details of what his research involved. Let’s just say that it violated what few magical laws we have. And suffice it to say, there’s a reason why he stays around Liscor.”
Curious. I guess. I’m not too interested in this mystery necromancer’s past except whether or not he’s competent.
“Is he competent?”
“Oh yes. He’s got the levels to do what we need and he’s smart. You could even call him a genius in a limited sense.”
“How so?”
Ceria scowls and tugs down the brim of her hat over her head.*
 
*It’s a nice witch’s hat, too. Good to see we’re all conforming to stereotypes here. I might as well get a katana and start talking like a ninja while I’m at it.
 
“Well, he’s only a brat—I mean, he’s only around twenty in your years which I suppose makes him old. But he’s got levels in multiple mage classes. If you add them all up, he’s got more than I do and I’m three times his age.”
Don’t they say never mention a woman’s age in public? But I guess half-elves don’t care about that sort of thing.
“So this operation. What—”
I stop and cover a yawn. Really? I just slept.
“What—”
I’m still yawning? What’s wrong with me?
“Tired?”
I want to smack the grin right off of Gerial’s face.
“…Guess I’m tired.”
Ceria nods.
“The [Numb] spell and all the healing you’re doing is probably taking its toll. If you need to sleep—sleep. We won’t get to Liscor for several more hours, and we still need to water and feed the horses.”
“Worthless nags.”
“If you want to go faster, pull the cart, Calruz.”
…Crap. I’m already slipping back into sleep. Why? I guess…just that tired?
I hear the last fragment of a reply as I drift off.
