1.06 R
Page 1
Yes, it was the other things. The pressure, the wrongness, the dizziness and nausea. All the things she felt now. Her leg felt hot underneath its wrappings. Ryoka’s mind was clouded. But the pain was gone.
Ryoka stared at the soaked bandages she could barely make out in the moonlight night. If she took the bandages off, she wouldn’t be able to think or move. Then the real pain would come back and her leg would dangle like a dead fish. She was still tempted, though. Just to do it to see her leg bend obscenely as it flapped about on her dead skin. Flop goes the piece of flesh and shattered bone. Flop, flop. Floppy the Leg-fish.
She was aware that she wasn’t…wasn’t thinking too straight. Sleep deprivation from the pain just made everything harder. But now the pain was gone. Gone, and far away.
Magic.
She could hear the other adventurers talking around her. Four of the Horns of Hammerad sat in the cart—or was it a wagon? It was big enough for five with room left over, so a wagon, then.
“Is she okay?”
That was Gerry—Gerial. The vice-captain. He liked her, she could tell. Ryoka didn’t like him back.
Ceria glanced at Ryoka. The mage was sitting next to her in the cart. Her eyes glowed in the light shining from the tip of the mage’s staff.
“She should be fine. I think.”
“She seems—odd. What spell did you cast?”
Calruz. Ryoka didn’t like him either. Not like that.
“It wasn’t me. Peminac cast [Numb], I think. It takes away pain, but it makes the affected slightly…odd. She should be fine, and it’s better than her feeling the pain. We just need to make sure to keep healing the leg every few hours.”
“You still haven’t told us how your mysterious necromancer friend will help heal the leg, Ceria.”
One of the adventurers whose name Ryoka didn’t remember turned in the cart. He wasn’t one of the mages. He gripped the mace at his side.
“You mean the Necromancer? I thought we were just visiting another mage!”
The armored warrior looked horrified. He shook his head vigorously.
“If that’s the case, count me out. I’m sorry, but not even a debt of honor would make me face that monster.”
Calruz rumbled. He was striding along next to the cart. Even as they picked up speed as they left the city gates and rumbled down the road he didn’t seem to notice the quick pace.
“In that case, get out. And consider yourself banned from the Horns of Hammerad while you’re at it.”
“Calruz—”
Gerial intervened. He patted the warrior on the shoulder.
“It’s not the Necromancer we’re going to meet. Just an ordinary necromancer, so don’t worry.”
“We don’t need cowards! Jump off and run back into the city!”
“Running from the Necromancer isn’t cowardice, idiot.”
Ceria called down from the cart as she stabbed her staff at the Minotaur’s head for emphasis.
“You weren’t on the continent when the Necromancer attacked with his legions ten years back. But even in Wistram I heard about the devastation he wrought. And believe me—even if we were all ten levels higher, we’d still be no match for him. So stop questioning the courage of your own party!”
Calruz glared, but he eventually relented. Ryoka could hear him rumbling what sounded like insults as he kept pace with the horses.
Her eyes were closed because that made the world spin less. But Ryoka had to ask.
“So this Necromancer is still alive?”
A pause. Did they think she’d been asleep? But then Gerial replied.
“No one found his body. And if you don’t find the body of a mage, chances are they’re still around. But he hasn’t been seen since, if that’s what you’re asking.”
Ceria cleared her throat.
