1.06 R
Page 4
“—I personally believe he’s delusional and that he’ll never achieve his goals. But regardless, he won’t stay in the area long. Every time the Academy learns where he’s staying, they send out a team to capture him. So far he’s escaped, but it’s only a matter of time before he stays in one place too long and gets caught.”
And then—and then—
I go back to sleep.
 
—-
 
When Ryoka woke up the second time she looked around and knew that she was in a different place. The grasslands still stretched around her, but the grass was longer here, and to each side she saw towering mountains enclosing the area.
She was in a valley. A pass between the mountain ranges that she normally saw as distant shapes in the distance. And the dirt road the wagon had been travelling on was now stone. The increased rumbling and jolting as the cart struck uneven stones was probably what woke her up. Also, something really stank and it was hard to sleep through.
“Evening.”
This time Ceria handed Ryoka a piece of bread with some sliced cheese and meat. Again, Ryoka devoured the meal quickly before she spoke.
“How was the trip?”
One of the other mages enjoying his lunch looked up and replied.
“Uneventful. We scared away a few Razorbeaks that wanted to take a bite out of your leg, but we haven’t’ seen any other monsters.”
Ryoka blinked stupidly. Her head still felt stuffed.
“Razorbeaks?”
“Large, green birds. Leathery. Got teeth sharp as a knife, but they’re not too dangerous. A few sparks scare them away.”
“Not a challenge.”
Ryoka looked over and realized what the smell was. Calruz sat at the far end of the cart—downwind of the other adventurers. He was sweating, heavily. To put it politely, he reeked. The smell reminded Ryoka of a workout gym right in the middle of rush hour crossed with a barn right in the middle of a different kind of rush hour.
“We near Liscor?”
“A few miles away. But we should see the inn Pisces mentioned any minute now. You have good timing.”
Ryoka shrugged. She kept looking around. The plains really were quite empty. She supposed sleeping through most of the journey had a lot to do with that, but really, the landscape she could see had very few variations in it. Just a few trees over…there, and some weird rocks scattered all over in another directions. And over there—
“Goblins.”
Ryoka said it at the same time as Ceria. The other adventurers sat up and squinted to see as they reached for their weapons. Calruz took one look and sat back against the wagon.
“Bah.”
Gerial squinted as the warrior by his side pulled out a longbow from the supplies in the carriage and began to string it.
“Goblins. Looks like a fight within their own tribe.”
Ryoka could see two groups of Goblins slashing and clubbing each other in the distance. It was hard to tell, but it looked like one side was being led by a small Goblin, while the other was leaderless. Still, the numbers favored the leaderless side.
“Hm. Looks like one of those Goblins has some experience fighting. See—they’re using formations and fighting together.”
Calruz didn’t even look up as he stretched out.
“Rabble. Not worth dirtying a blade over.”
“You wouldn’t say that if you ever saw a raiding party—or a warband. Besides, the Guild offers a copper piece for every four pairs of Goblin ears.”
The bow-wielding warrior drew an arrow and sighted down the shaft.
“I can probably hit the runt if you slow the carriage down. Might stop a new chieftain being selected for a few more days. Want me to make the shot?”
