1.06 D
Page 6
“No.”
Geneva interrupted. She looked at her hand and shook her head.
“I can’t. I can’t let her, either.”
“Just me, then.”
Ken and Luan looked at each other. They wanted to say they could fight, but only Aiko had ever killed someone. But what could they do otherwise? If they had to fight—
Ken had a thought. He stood up and looked up the valley, towards a hill. He tried to squint to see if there was fighting there, but couldn’t see anything through the trees. Luan saw where he was looking and spoke up.
“That’s right! What about Gravetender’s Fist?”
Everyone looked at Luan. He pointed through the forest, up the valley towards where the neutral ground was. Or had been. Calectus frowned and shifted her grip on her halberd.
“You think you can get them to shelter us?”
Ken, Aiko, and Luan traded looks. Luan nodded to Calectus and Geneva.
“We know them. Quallet’s reasonable…I think. There are a lot of our friends in the company. It’s worth a shot, and better than trying to get out alone, don’t you think?”
Calectus considered the idea, and then nodded.
“They’re the only other side in this mess. If we find them there, we can try to work together. Otherwise…we’ll still be closer to the edges of the fighting.”
It was a tenuous plan, but having agreed to it, Calectus didn’t waste any time. He had everyone get up and creep towards the neutral zone, stopping when they heard fighting in the distance. Calectus frowned, glancing up at the tall, broad-limbed trees and around warily. There was a problem.
“I can fight small groups, but if we run into a patrol, they will call for help. We need someone to scout.”
“I can—”
Luan spoke up, but it was Okasha who volunteered herself and Geneva.
“I’m a [Rogue]. I should do it, with Geneva’s permission.”
“Absolutely not. You’re valuable.”
Calectus snapped at her, but Okasha was insistent.
“I can do it, Calectus.”
“How? If you’re spotted—”
“I have stealth Skills. And I’ll do it from above.”
Everyone looked up as Okasha pointed at the branches. She looked at Calectus, then flicked her glance towards Ken and the others. Ken thought she was worried about them hearing, but the situation must have warranted it, so Okasha spoke.
“I’ll exceed Geneva’s limits. I can leap from tree to tree. I did it with my last body. I can do it with hers. Let me do it, Calectus.”
“Leap?”
Luan stared up incredulously at the treetops. The branches were thick and could probably hold someone’s weight, true, but jumping from one to the next would require inhuman strength! Or maybe the athleticism of a trained Olympian, neither of which Geneva had.
However, that wasn’t an issue, as Okasha explained to the Humans.
“We can exceed our limits for a brief period. It is a trick that pushes a body’s muscles and nerves past their physical threshold. Other species can do it in times of dire need, but we have no such limitations of the mind. The cost, however, is that the body we inhabit will degrade and break down far, far more quickly.”
“Yes, and doing that to a living body would be painful—”
Calectus was frowning and objecting, but Geneva interrupted. She looked from Calectus to the trees, to the other Humans.
“Let’s do it. If it means no fighting, I can bear the pain. Okasha, go ahead.”
Geneva’s head nodded and Okasha spoke.
“I will take over. Geneva, this will tear your muscles.”
Geneva’s gritted her teeth.
“I can heal them. Do it.”
