1.07 R
Page 4
She looked around again and this time she caught Garia’s eye for a moment.
“I could care less whether or not you lot like me. All I’m here to do is deliver stuff and get paid. I don’t want Magnolia’s stupid requests. If you lot want to earn favor with her, deal with it and leave me out of it. I’ll stop taking all of her requests if that’s what you want.”
Fals spread his hands out helplessly.
“We’d like to believe you Ryoka, but—”
“You think I’m lying?”
The edge in Ryoka’s voice made Fals hesitate. She took one step forwards and he took one step back.
“I don’t lie. And I hate liars. When you make a promise, you keep it. When you speak, you look someone in the eye and mean every word. When I say I’ll do something, I mean it. If you want to do deliveries to Magnolia, take the damn requests. I don’t care about your politics.”
She poked Fals in the chest hard enough to make him take a step back.
“But if you get in my way I’ll kick your face in.”
Fals opened his mouth but this time Garia grabbed him and pulled him away. Ryoka turned and glared around the room. None of the other Runners were willing to meet her eyes but the feeling they gave off—
She stalked over to the request board and glared at it. Countless requests were listed, and not a one was for her.
There’s no point to taking any of the requests, she knew. Even if she took one to the counter it would be ‘miraculously’ already taken by another Runner. And they’d do it, too.
But—she had a thought. Ryoka pushed back several requests and selected one at the bottom. She brought it back to the counter and handed it to the receptionist.
“This one. I’ll take the request for the High Passes.”
“What?”
Teressa blinked at Ryoka. She stammered.
“That one’s—but you can’t—”
“Not a good idea, Ryoka.”
Fals pulled himself gently away from Garia and moved in front of Ryoka again. His face was concerned.
“The High Passes aren’t a place for Runners or even most adventurers. Whoever put that request in doesn’t know what they’re doing. You shouldn’t take it.”
“Why not? There’s nothing else for me to do.”
Ryoka snatched the piece of paper back from Fals. Then she grinned.
“Unless you want to do it? I’ll follow you out to make sure you get it done.”
Ryoka smiled maliciously at Fals. He recoiled visibly and she nodded.
“That’s what I thought. I’m doing the request.”
“You’ll die!”
Garia broke into the conversation. She flushed as all eyes turned on her but she continued, desperately.
“Ryoka, Fals is right. This is serious. Just take one of Magnolia’s requests! The High Passes—”
“I’ll survive. And I’ll complete the request even if it’s dangerous – not just for money. Apparently, that’s all Runners think about.”
Ryoka pushed Fals back and moved past Garia. She walked towards the door and stopped as another not quite barred her way. Persua and her posse of Runners all stared with undisguised hostility at Ryoka. She met Persua’s eyes.
“Are you going to try and stop me too?”
Persua’s look clearly said that she would like nothing better than to stop Ryoka, very painfully if possible. She tossed her head as if her hair were a whip she meant to strike Ryoka with.
“I don’t need to do anything. You’re going to die in the High Passes.”
“Oh really?”
Persua sneered at Ryoka.
“Why do you think none of the experienced Runners take those kind of requests? We’re smart enough not to risk our lives. We work together, not like you. You’ll die alone because you’re a fool.”
Ryoka nodded.
“You’re probably right.”
