1.07 R
Page 10
To the south, an endless desert cuts off the more fertile lands from invading armies. Poverty is ever-present there too, but the nations still fight over what’s left like starving dogs.
Once, a warlord unlike any other managed to conquer the whole damn continent and was sweeping through this one when his empire suddenly collapsed. None of the books said why this was. This king did not die—nor was he apparently harmed. But he abandoned his dreams of world conquest. Now he sits in his crumbling kingdom as other countries pick apart his once-great empire. The King of Destruction sleeps.
The continent north of this one is filled with humans. They have subjugated their lands and created a peaceful continent, or at least one with fewer monsters. But despite that they fight amongst themselves in a never-ending battle for supremacy. Their royal families hold mighty artifacts in their vaults but fear to use them in case of mutually assured destruction.
Other nations. I have read of them. The western oceans are largely unexplored, but I’ve read of a continent close to a jungle, where few cities exist and the tribal peoples have thrown back every army trying to conquer them. An America that was strong enough to resist the colonial invaders.
An army of Minotaurs like Calruz fights against…something to the southeast as well. Some sworn enemy of the world is enough to keep nearly a million Minotaurs in a constant state of war and peace. Well, a million is the number the book I read touted, but it was written using information decades old. But the Empire of Minos has its own strange culture humans and other races don’t want to learn about for some reason.
More continents, more islands and places my books could only hint at. An icy Antarctic shelf with icecaps taller than skyscrapers. A graveyard of broken ships and a maelstrom that never ends. A legendary isle where mages gather to learn spells and where anyone is free to study. Ancient, mythological kingdoms in the sky that fell into the sea.
These are the legends and wonders that shape this world. Yet here I am, in one of the most boring places in one of the safest parts of the world and people warn me about the High Passes as if they’re dangerous? For all the unrest, this is an era of peace. All the terrible battles happened long ago.
The Gods fell in war tens of thousands of years ago. Because I knew to look for them, I found hints of the Elves, but no book of nations and countries lists their race anywhere. The Dwarves are hidden in the heart of mountains that make the Himalayas look like foothills.
The age of great wars, myth and legends has ended. Magic endures, but those who wield it have faded. Nations fight in brush wars, but the balance of power has been kept.
This is not a time of heroes. And that’s fine with me. I am no hero. But I want to see what remains. I want to see what wonders still lurk in this world. For I am certain: they are legion.
The world I’ve seen so far—the cities and people here—are so petty. They care only about their small struggles and what they think of each other. Magnolia, for all her cunning is a small landowner in a tiny part of the world. And that is wonderful.
The worst thing that ever happened to my world was globalization. Once we reached the ends of the earth we lost our curiosity, our drive to grow. But I feel it. It calls to me.
Adventure. Pure and simple.
I can see the other Runners watching me. But I don’t care about them. The iPhone is warm in my hand.
