1.07
Page 6
“Oh no, thank you. I mean, this is probably worth—can I get you another plate? Or—or you could come back. I’ll feed you two again if you want—”
“I will accept gladly. But for now I am full, and I believe it is time to be going. We would not wish to intrude upon your hospitality for too long.”
Relc paused as he gulped down more blue fruit juice.
“We wouldn’t?”
“We are still on duty, if you recall. The Captain will be expecting a report. If we do return, we will have more time to socialize.”
“Or, and hear me out. Or…we could have more food and stay here longer.”
“I am sure you would prefer that. But we are being paid to work, not to enjoy ourselves. Moreover you are eating all of this Human’s dinner.”
Relc glanced at the table. He stood up immediately.
“Right. Well, let’s be going. Um, sorry about that Miss. Here, let me just pay for the food…”
Erin tried to protest but a scaly hand prized hers open gently and deposited several copper coins and two silver ones into her palm.
“I insist. That blue drink is really good by the way.”
“Thanks.”
“Well, we’ll be off then. Good night to you.”
The two left the inn. Erin watched them go. She went to go sit down and sat on the floor. And stayed still for another hour.
 
—-
 
Relc and Klbkch left the inn. They began walking through the grass under the night sky. It was cool, but both moved quickly. Each one scanned the landscape as they walked and kept their hands on the spear and sword at their sides. They weren’t nervous; just wary.
After a while Relc spoke.
“What a lonely girl.”
“Is it female? I couldn’t tell.”
“I can. It’s the mammary glands.”
“Breasts, I think they’re referred to. Or maybe the word is tits.”
“Really? I thought those were birds.”
“That’s what I heard some small Humans saying once. But she’s female. And young, correct?”
“Yeah, I’d bet on it. I’m not sure why a Human would be out here anyways, let alone in that place.”
“Inquiring into other’s personal affairs is only a matter for the Guards while we’re on duty. Respecting another’s personal space is a principle of social interaction.”
“Shut up. She just seems lonely, that’s all. Why else would a Human female want to hang out with a Drake and an overgrown bug?”
Klbkch was silent for a while.
“Do you believe she is a lawbreaker or fearful for her life?”
“Even if she was, who’d hide there? You’d have to be mad, or maybe a mage or priest to risk that.”
“True. But at least we are certain it’s safe now. She would  be dead within the day if it were still deadly.”
“Bet she didn’t know. And her expression when we walked in—she’s never seen a Drake or an Insect before in her life.”
“I would prefer that you call my species by their proper name.”
“What do you think? I bet she’s some kind of runaway, or a child that got lost separated from her clan.”
“…”
“Fine. Antinium. Happy?”
“Her being a runaway would be most likely. I find it hard to believe any Human would wander so far into the grasslands by accident and she did not seem to be looking for directions.”
“Bastard.”
“You are correct in at least one definition of the word. But speculation is pointless in any case. We investigated the smoke and now we can make our report. She is not breaking the law in any case since the inn was abandoned nearly three years ago.”
“What about the Dragon? Do you think she made that up?”
“She was not lying, at least not intentionally. However…”
“Yeah. A Dragon? Really?”
“It seems more likely that she was hallucinating. Perhaps she ran into a fire breathing Wyvern, or lesser monster. But I doubt she would have survived meeting a true Dragon.”
