1.07 R
Page 5
Persua blinked in surprise. Fals and Garia both stared at Ryoka along with the other Runners. Ryoka nodded and looked around the room again.
“If I do it your way, I probably would live long enough to retire. And maybe I’d even earn a lot of money, who knows? And if I kiss your ass long enough maybe you’d even like me. If I were like the rest of you, I’d never take this request.”
She paused. Then she stared right back at Fals as she delivered her next line.
“Too bad I’m not a coward.”
Ryoka turned and walked out of the guild even as the stunned silence turned into shouts of fury.
 
—-
 
I burn bridges as I breathe. It’s a talent. I’ve done it all my life and I guess some things you just can’t change. Me and my big mouth. I got kicked out of one school for telling the principal what I really thought about him and the other—
They’re pissed. I can hear them yelling as I open the door. But I’m still smiling as I walk out the building.
One thing matters. One thing I cling to even in my darkest days. And that thing is integrity.
I am that I am. I am who I am. And I will not change for anyone except myself. Countries and cultures have their own laws. Society pushes and prods. Everyone has an agenda and no motive is honest.
But I will bow to no one, especially not petty tyrants and liars like Fals. So I smile even as I sever ties. It may be that after this I’ll have to go elsewhere. Actually, not ‘may’. Probably I’ll have to go or else have both legs broken this time.
How far does this group of Runners’ influence stretch? Well, no matter where I go they’ll probably follow with rumor and lies. And it will be the same wherever I go.
What a crappy, small group of people. But what a wonderful world. If I need to, I’ll run to the very edges of it to find a place to be free.
If only everyone weren’t so petty. Well, those that aren’t are like Fals and he’s worthless in his own way. But one of them—
“Ryoka—”
Crap. Garia’s the only person in that group worth a grain of salt. In her case, she’s probably worth a small mountain of salt. A hill, at least.
She jogs to catch up. Part of me wants to just keep walking and lose her, but even I’m not enough of a jerk to do that. Besides, she’s helped me so much that I owe her.
Garia hesitates as she slows to keep pace with me. I’m expecting her to defend the other Runners, but what she says next surprises me.
“I’ll keep them off your backs if I can. But they’re angry. Really, really angry.”
Huh. But maybe I should have expected that? Garia’s a stand-up kind of girl. That’s why I like her.
“They’re pissed off because I told them what I thought of their little cult?”
Garia hesitates.
“I didn’t—I don’t agree with everything Fals said, Ryoka, but I think he’s right in some ways. I think you’re right too, though. But you’re special. You—you can do deliveries by yourself but some of us need to work together. Without the way the Guild does things, we’d get hurt way more often.”
“So we work together and drag everyone down who doesn’t agree with us, is that it?”
“I didn’t say it was perfect.”
“Pack mentality. And Fals thinks he knows everything. Are we dogs or gods?”
I thought that was clever. Or maybe it was stupid. Ouch. Garia’s look makes me feel like a complete jackass.
“We’re neither. We’re just people, Ryoka. And they’re not perfect, I know. But we can’t all be like you. Some of us have to work together to survive.”
…Damn it. This is getting painful.
