1.07 R
Page 12
She could barely contain the excitement burning in her chest. Time. After so long, the mere thought of it was giving her goose bumps. Ryoka ran while keeping the iPhone in her hand. She flicked through the screens, selected the Music app. Then—it was at the top of the screen, a pair of crossed arrows.
She hit the button.
Shuffle.
 
—-
 
I’ve run races, marathons, even an ultra-marathon once. I’ve run through snow, rain, hail, through thunder and lightning and even hurricanes. But I’ve never run like this.
Motivation. After so long of running in silence, the instant I heard the guitar’s first chords my legs churn into overdrive.
“Sweet Home Alabama” thunders in my ears as I race out the city. Lynryrd Skynyrd’s lyrics blast through my ears as I pick up speed, shedding Runners left and right. The music’s not the best for running—but far from the worst. And it’s not the song that matters so much right now. It’s just the music.
Running. Music. Running music. The greatest thing ever to be invented in the history of ever. It takes away the pain of running and puts me right into the zone. I could run barefoot on nails and—
That’s a terrible idea. But I could probably dodge highway traffic and run a six-minute mile forever while listening to music. How is it that it can take away your focus on running and at the same time focus my mind even more on running? I don’t know.
It’s just music.
Sweet home Alabama, where the skies are so blue. I’ve always wanted to go to Alabama just to run around listening to this song.
Motion. A bunch of Runners are ahead of me. Fals and some of the highest-level City Runners. They want to cut me off and they’re sprinting as fast as they can. And it might be a skill or a Skill, but they’re quick enough that they could actually catch me.
On any other day.
I don’t even have to look down. I’ve memorized the exact placement on my iPhone so that my fingers can immediately find the next button. It’s not that I don’t love a good country rock song, but if I’m going to go full-throttle, I want faster music. The shuffle god works his magic. And then I hear it.
Oh. Hell yeah. I can tell when the first bell tolls which song it is. “I Will Not Bow” by Breaking Benjamin. Then the guitar and drums blast in and everything disappears. I run like I’ve never run before.
I catch one glimpse of Fals’ stunned face before I blow by him and the other City Runners. They can’t even turn fast enough to see me. The landscape blurs and disappears underneath my feet. I’m running just as fast as I did when I got my leg back. Fast as that. Faster.
I am heavy metal. I am death and rock. I am running and running becomes me. I will not be stopped.
The vocalist screams in my ears and I run on. The High Passes await. A mysterious delivery request, deadly monsters, and mystery. I leave behind intrigue, angry Runners, and petty infighting with every step. Onwards, ever onwards. I run with music taking away the pain of the world and run to keep death from catching up.
At last.
I am free.
 

