1.07 R
Page 1
She glares across the room and then immediately ignores me to chat animatedly and loudly with her friends. I’ve got to make some time to research what the punishment is for murder in this world. But I’m not interested in her, so I walk over to the receptionist’s desk.
Fals and Garia are in front of me in line while the female receptionist deals with a kid trying to turn in a delivery. Normally I’d stay away from Fals and wait somewhere else, but then Persua would probably take my place and drag out her time just to piss me off. Besides, their conversation sounds interesting so I put up with Fals long enough to listen in.
Garia sounds pretty upset. Both Runners are talking about something. Oh, right, that unmarked request she showed me a week ago. Seems like ages, now.
“…Third Runner we’ve lost so far. Pestrom.”
“What? No. He was an experienced City Runner – Level 19! I—I saw him just the other week.”
Fals shakes his head. He looks genuinely angry and frustrated, but I’ve seen people wear perfect masks of emotion.
“None of that matters in the High Passes, Garia. The monsters there—you’d need fighting skills, or insanely high levels – something above Level 30 probably to get out unscathed. I told Pestrom that, but he wouldn’t listen.”
“You’ve got to do something about it, Fals. The reward’s gone up to forty gold. A bunch of the new Street Runners—they know it’s dangerous. But for that kind of money…”
Fals nods seriously. The Runner ahead of him is done, so he steps up to the counter and addresses the receptionist.
“Teressa, don’t let any Runners take that open request. Spread the word to the other Guilds. Anyone who tries to take the High Passes request will die. We need it off the requests board.”
The receptionist—Teressa whose name I will shortly forget—looks distressed. She clearly wants to help Fals out, and just as clearly she’s attracted to him, but there’s a problem.
“We can’t take it down, Fals. You know guild policy.”
Fals nods. He leans over the counter and smiles charmingly* at the receptionist.**
*I assume it’s a charming smile. The problem is, I’ve seen so many charming smiles that this particular type of charm makes me want to break something every time I see it.
**Why are they always female? Oh, right. Feminism isn’t dead in this world; it probably never existed to begin with. Unless you count someone like Lady Magnolia, and she’s probably a rare exception due to her influence and wealth. Lovely.
“I know. But you could ah, suggest to other Runners not to take the request, right? Believe me, it would save lives.”
The receptionist and Garia both blush when Fals smiles, which only ticks me off more. She nods.
“I can do that. And I’ll let the others know.”
“In that case, Garia and I will tell the other Runners to spread the word. Thanks Teressa, you’re a lifesaver. Literally.”
Fals smiles at her again. She blushes and starts fiddling with the delivery Seals on her counter.
“There’s no need for flattery, Fals. Anyways, don’t you have a lot of work to do?”
“I always have time to chat with a lovely lady. How’re the kids? Are you—”
Okay, interesting discussion I can deal with, but flirting/chitchat I’m not waiting around for. I don’t quite elbow Fals out of the way* as I step forwards. He jumps in surprise and looks around at me.
*I don’t. Really. But I might have stepped a bit on his foot.
“Oh, Ryoka—”
Fals gives Garia a warning look and she shuts up. Just another reason for me not to like him or anyone else.
“You done?”
He flashes me another smile which goes unreturned.
“All yours, Ryoka.”
“Good.”
