1.07 R
Page 7
“If Persua’s anything like the other girls I’ve known, that’s one of the first things she’ll do. Good thing I don’t have any shoes so she can’t fill them with thumbtacks.”
Again, Gerial blinked uncomprehendingly at Ryoka. But Ceria nodded.
“We’ll guard your things. Runners wouldn’t dare break into the Adventurer’s Guild and we have our own storage space. But what’s this about help? We could escort you to the outskirts of the Passes, but Calruz isn’t here and we’re understrength. And frankly, even at our best we wouldn’t be able to go far into the Passes.”
“I don’t need an escort. I just need supplies. Healing potions—food—I’d buy it myself, but I don’t have any money. I’ll pay you back—double what I’m borrowing.”
Gerial and Ceria exchanged a glance. He nodded. She reached down below the table and opened a travel bag.
“I’ve got some healing potions right here. And a few dry rations. Enough for four meals.”
“That’s enough.”
“Then take them.”
Ceria pulled out several colored potions from her pack and handed them to Ryoka.
“These are better quality than you’d buy in the marketplace anyways. And you’ll need them.”
Ryoka hesitated.
“Are you sure? I can buy some—”
“We still don’t have any contracts and Calruz isn’t back yet. Take the potions, Ryoka. If everything I’ve heard about the High Passes is true, you’ll need them.”
She was right. Ryoka nodded and silently began stowing the potions in her own pack. They were various hues of red and yellow which Ryoka fastened to the outside of her pack so she could reach them quickly.
Yellow health potions didn’t feel right to Ryoka, but apparently color didn’t really matter with most potions. Anyone could toss some food dye in a bottle to make potions whatever color they wanted. She supposed she should just be grateful health potions didn’t look like vomit. They tasted like vomit but that was an entirely different matter.
Ryoka gently set her pack down on the floor next to Ceria’s.
“Thanks. Really.”
Gerial frowned, anxious.
“I’m still not sure I agree with this. Are you sure you have to do this? If the Runner’s Guild is giving you so much trouble, why not seek work elsewhere?”
Ryoka shook her head.
“I’m taking a delivery request. The reward is for forty gold coins.”
All three adventurers whistled.
“Besides, if I take this request I should be able to find work even if they keep blocking me. I just need the money.”
“We could lend you—”
“No.”
Ryoka stood up.
“I’ll get my stuff.”
Gerial stared helplessly as she walked upstairs to her room. The male mage patted him on the shoulder.
“Nice try. But she’s determined, isn’t she?”
“I never knew the Runner’s Guild was like that.”
Ceria shook her head.
“It’s the same in every guild. Ours is no different.”
“But—”
“Believe me, Gerial. If you look close enough you see the same things repeated over and over. Humans are just like that.”
Both men looked sideways at Ceria but made no further comment. They stared at the stairs, silent in the general hubbub of the inn. They didn’t notice the girl Ryoka would have described inaccurately as sallow-faced sneaking up to the packs on the ground and swiftly rearranging the contents of both.
A quick few minutes later, Ryoka clattered down the stairs, nearly knocking a barmaid over. She had all of her possessions bundled in her arms which she dropped on the table, nearly into the adventurer’s meals. Only a quick flick of Ceria’s wrist made the bowls and plates spin off onto another table.
“Here.”
