1.07
Page 7
“Plus, we’d know if a Dragon lived around here. They’re pretty obvious.”
“Indeed.”
“So…scared Human female? Not a threat?”
“That was my assessment.”
“Right, right. Let’s tell the Captain and get some sleep. Or rather, I’ll sleep and you do your creepy standing hibernation thing.”
“Agreed. And it is very restful. You should attempt it sometime.”
“Pass.”
…
The two walked in silence for quite some time. The road back to the city was long, and in any case they were still alert for potential dangers that might be sneaking up on them. Not that either had much to fear from most predators so long as they kept their eyes and earholes open, but you never knew.
After a long time Klbkch broke the silence.
“So, shall we return tomorrow?”
“Oh, definitely. Right after work?”
“We may be able to fit checking in there as part of our duties if we convince the Captain it is necessary.”
Relc slapped Klbkch on the back of his exoskeleton. “Now you’re thinking like a Drake.”
“I will endeavor not to in the future.”
“Go roast yourself.”
They walked on for another few minutes until Relc broke the silence again.
“So, a lesser healing potion of no worth, huh?”
“Would you have had me tell her the true value?”
“No, no. It’s for the best. Mind you, I think she figured it out.”
“…Perhaps.”
“How are you going to explain that to the Captain, huh?”
“I will deduct the cost from my pay. Besides which, it was used to protect a civilian.”
“You’re a regular saint, huh? Trying to level up your [Saint] class?”
“You know fully well that I have no levels in any class of the kind. I was merely being kind.”
“Sure, suuuure you were.”
“I have no sexual attraction towards Humans. Unlike you.”
“Me? I don’t like Humans. They’re scaleless, hairy, and they smell funny. I mean, this one’s nice but I definitely wouldn’t want to see what it looks like under those clothes.”
“Mm. It’s not very interesting. They are very fleshy.”
“Ew.”
“Indeed.”
“So, wanna go back tomorrow?”
“Are we not working that day?”
“Bite me. That’s true.”
“We could go after work if we left right away, however.”
“Ooh, good point! It wouldn’t be that dark by then.”
The two walked on in silence. Eventually Relc spoke again.
“It’s not that I’m not interested. I have an open mind! I wouldn’t mind looking. If I was offered. They’ve got nothing on good scales, but I could get over the fleshiness. Maybe.”
“Deviant.”
“Shut up.”
“She was quite nice in any case. It was pleasant talking to her.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m glad we didn’t have to kill her.”
“Indeed.”
 
—-
 
Erin sat against one wall. She was falling asleep. She wanted to run around screaming about lizardmen—Drakes, walking ants, and a crazy world but that was passé. Besides, she’d already done that for a few hours anyway.
Her mind was swimming. Her eyes were drooping. Erin was about to fall asleep. But her hand didn’t hurt. So she was smiling.
At last her mind finally blanked. Erin’s breathing deepened, her eyes closed. She slept.
 
[Innkeeper Level 5!]
[Skill – Basic Crafting obtained!]
 
“…Just let me sleep.”
 

