1.07 R
Page 3
“Lady Magnolia’s refusing to take any other requests until you deliver something in person. That’s hurting Runners in every city around here.”
“So? Just do the deliveries yourself. She’ll take them if I don’t deliver anything.”
“We’d like to, really we would, Ryoka. But Lady Magnolia—no one tells her what to do, Ryoka. Take a look at her requests, won’t you? It wouldn’t even be that hard.”
From what Garia knew of Ryoka, an easy delivery would be even less attractive to her. But as Teressa held out one of the requests Ryoka grudgingly stared at it. She curled her lip as she read the requests one after another.
“Hot peppers? Cabbages? She could get that in any market.”
“But she wants a Runner. You, specifically.”
“So until she gets one I won’t get any other jobs, is that it? And I’m supposed to ask her to let other Runners take her requests, right?”
“We wouldn’t say that.”
“Oh?”
Fals seemed to choose his words carefully.
“If you’d—suggest to Lady Magnolia that she open up her delivery requests for every Runner, things would be—smoother.”
“Right. And you all get paid so everyone’s happy?”
Ryoka turned from Fals and stared around the guild. Street Runners and City Runners returned her stare countless times over. They were all silently watching Ryoka, and not with friendly expressions either.
“So until then you’re all going to keep taking the requests.”
Fals shrugged ruefully as if caught out in a prank.
“We’re just doing our jobs, Ryoka. But you’re right. We’re working together on this, Runners and the Guild.”
“I don’t like being pressured. By anyone.”
Fals put a hand on Ryoka’s shoulder, making the other Runner instantly tense up. He flashed her a reassuring smile that made Garia’s stomach do flip flops.
“Ryoka, I completely agree with you. But please, look at it from the perspective of the rest of us Runners. ”
He gestured to the other Runners and nodded in Persua’s direction. The other girl immediately switched over her death-scowl and gave Ryoka a sickly smile.
“We’re a team. Okay, sure we don’t all get along, but if every Runner was out for themselves it’d be a mess. We work together to tackle hard assignments and we share the wealth so everyone gets ahead.”
He tapped his chest lightly.
“We’re Runners. We might charge high prices, but we get the job done! And if some people don’t like that, it’s because they don’t understand how tough our jobs really are. We risk life and limb to help others.”
The other Runners in the room warmed to Fals’ speech. They murmured agreement as he continued.
“So if we work together – if we help support each other – we’ll survive. Hundreds of Runners die every year, but the Guilds around here lost the least amount of Runners each year. We don’t take dangerous requests and we team up if one of us is in danger. Sure, we might not earn as much as other Runners but we know we can count on each other.”
Ryoka stared at Fals as the other Runners in the room cheered. Then, calmly and deliberately she grabbed his wrist and plucked his hand off her shoulder.
“Nice speech. But you’re full of shit.”
Garia stopped smiling. The mood in the room froze over in a second. Ryoka stared around at the other Runners, unflinching. She looked back at Fals who was staring at her uncertainty. Then she shook her head.
“You want to talk about Runners and preach about playing nice and sticking together? Fine. But leave me out of your little party.”
She pointed a thumb at her chest.
“I’m a barefoot runner. If I cared about what people thought, I wouldn’t run at all. Runners run. We deliver stuff. It’s a job, not a calling.”
