1.07 R
Page 8
Ryoka didn’t have much. Just some clothing, the magic bandages, and quite a few books that interested Ceria. She handed them all to Gerial, ignoring his blushes as he handled her underwear and equivalent to a sports bra. Then she paused and pulled one last item from her pocket.
“Take care of this. It’s very fragile.”
Gerial blinked down at the rectangle of metal and plastic in his hands. He had never seen anything like it – in fact, the smooth casing of the iPhone was completely, unsettlingly alien to him.
Ceria leaned over the table, suddenly fascinated. She and the other mage stared at the iPhone, astonished,
“What is that?”
“A device. I’ll explain it if I get back.”
Gerial held it at arm’s length.
“Will it—will it do anything?”
Ryoka shook her head, almost sadly for her. She touched the blank display regretfully.
“It’s broken. Just treat it carefully—don’t put anything heavy on it and don’t drop it.”
“If it’s broken, can’t you repair it?”
Ryoka smiled as if Gerial had told a very funny joke.
“No blacksmith or craftsman in the world could fix this. Trust me.”
“Then what about magic?”
“What?”
The male mage shrugged. He pushed his plates aside and picked up a faintly shining wand from the table.
“Would you let me try a spell?”
Ryoka hesitated. She was clearly torn, but then she nodded. Very slowly, she handed the iPhone to the mage. He inspected it, running his fingers delicately across the touchscreen.
“What exquisite craftsmanship. I can’t detect any faults, but perhaps the issue lies within? Regardless, if it is not of magical creation—”
“It’s not.”
“Then this should work. [Repair].”
The mage waved his wand in a half-crescent and then tapped the iPhone. The tip of the wand flashed green as it touched the casing—
And then the iPhone’s screen flickered into life.
Ceria gasped, but Gerial’s reaction was even more dramatic. He shot backwards in his chair and crashed to the ground in surprise. Ryoka just stared. She stared and stared at the iPhone.
“Done.”
The mage smiled and handed Ryoka her iPhone. He stared with intense fascination at the brightly lit screen, and then at Ryoka’s face. She was just staring at the iPhone in her hand. Staring and staring. But then she touched the screen and swiped it.
The display changed. Ceria and the mage were astonished twice-over, perhaps because they could sense no magic in the iPhone despite what was happening, but Ryoka just sighed. She turned to the mage.
“Sorry, I never got your name. Or maybe I forgot. What is it?”
He blinked, and then smiled.
“Sostrom Reidez, at your service Miss Ryoka Griffin.”
“Sostrom.”
Ryoka took his hand and shook it. She looked him in the eye.
“I owe you a great debt.”
Sostrom flushed lightly. He was in his early thirties, or his very late twenties but unfortunately bald save for his eyebrows. He tugged his pointy hat lower on his head.
“It was nothing, really. Just a spell—”
“Not just a spell.”
Ryoka smiled at him. In the dim lighting of the inn, the iPhone’s glow lit up her face.
“Not just a spell. Someday you’ll have to teach me it. If I can do magic, it would be just to cast that. And now—those assholes aren’t going to know what hit them.”
She turned and walked out the inn. The three Horns of Hammerad exchanged a glance and then rose to follow her. They couldn’t tell what—but something had changed about Ryoka in the moments after Sostrom had repaired her phone.
She seemed different.
She was different.
 
—-
 
