1.07 R
Page 6
“I’d like to be able to run like you. But I can’t. I’m too slow—I can only carry really heavy stuff instead of fast requests. If it weren’t for the way the guild works I wouldn’t be able to run.”
“…I know. But I won’t answer to them.”
Garia nods, and then visibly braces herself. Here comes her pitch.
“Couldn’t you—couldn’t you just talk to Magnolia? Would it be that hard to just ask her…?”
In some ways? No. In some ways…
“In some ways, no. But in some ways, yeah. I’m not doing it either way.”
“I thought you’d say that. I told Fals you would.”
That bastard. He asked Garia to go after me. That manipulative—
“When are you going to go?”
“Now. Fals and the other Runners will probably try to stop me if I don’t. I know Persua will.”
“Okay, okay.”
Suddenly Garia seizes me in a bear hug. And she’s—strong. Seriously, I think she’s going to break a rib. But then she pushes me back.
“Go. I’ll try and keep them busy for a little bit. And don’t die, okay?”
She turns and runs away. Slowly, by City Runner standards. Her posture really is quite bad. But she’s got heart, and that makes her the best Runner of the lot in my opinion.
Okay. Okay, that was – surprising or gratifying? Both. Also a bit humbling. But that’s right. I’ve gotta go.
Body check. I’m all in one piece, and I’ve got no injuries. Plus, since I haven’t been running  any deliveries – I’ll call it at least 92% readiness. Perfect.
Motivation on the other hand—60%. Not good, not bad.* I’d like more, but even though I’m happy about being able to run, the amazement’s worn off.
*I generally think of a good run at anything about 80%. On those runs I get into the zone and outperform my best. Obviously I can still run really fast even when I’m not motivated, but there’s a clear difference between me when I’m feeling good and feeling bad. I could make 40% motivation Ryoka eat my dust and lap her if I were at 90% motivation.
Normally, that’s good enough for any kind of run. I could do a marathon like this, but as everyone’s said, these High Passes are different. I read up a bit on them with the local literature and—
Yeah, I might die. So I need to prepare a bit before I go, and quickly too. Fortunately I’m in Celum, and even more fortunately a certain Minotaur and a bunch of adventurers like to frequent the inn where I stay.
I pick up my pace as I head towards the inn. Garia might be able to slow the other Runners down, but I really doubt she’ll buy me more than a minute. I’ll make a pit stop at the inn and head out.
I’ve gotta hurry either way. It’s already midday, and the High Passes are far enough that I should hurry. I’ll be heading about halfway through the pass, so I do need supplies. And the Horns of Hammerad are the only people who’ll lend me stuff right now. Aside from Magnolia. She can go to hell along with the other Runners.
Damn it. I hate having no money.
 
—-
 
Delays.
Ryoka tried not to grit her teeth. She hated delays. But explanations took time, especially when the ones she was trying to explain to weren’t that quick on the uptake.
Gerial blinked at Ryoka again. He, Ceria, and the male magician from the Horns of Hammerad had been eating lunch when Ryoka found them.
“Let me get this straight. You’re going on a dangerous delivery, and you need our help. And…you want us to take your belongings?”
Ryoka nodded.
“I’m going to be gone for at least a day, and the other Runners are probably going to trash my room while I’m gone.”
“Why would they do that?”
Ryoka shrugged.
