1.07
Page 1
Erin hoped that was the case. She couldn’t budge the door an inch. But this wasn’t the time for flight, right? She took a different tact.
“Want something to eat?”
The lizardman blinked.
“Um, sure.”
“Okay. That’s great.”
Erin opened the door slowly. The lizardman smiled and carefully stepped inside. The giant insect walked in too and gave her a polite nod.
“Good evening.”
“…Hi.”
The two stared around the empty inn. Erin pointed to the table while keeping her eye on them the entire time.
“Food’s over there.”
“Ooh! Pasta! This is good stuff!”
The lizardman—Drake rubbed his hands together. The noise the scales made sounded like sandpaper. He went to sit at the table but the insect guy paused.
“I would gladly partake of nourishment if offered. However we would not wish to deprive you of your meal.”
“What? No. I’ve got lots of pasta.”
Erin pointed vaguely back to the kitchen.
“Let me just get a plate and…forks. Do you uh, want a drink? I’ve got water.”
“I’ll have a glass if that’s alright.”
“I will accept the pasta and water as well. But may I inquire if you have any bugs?”
“…No. No I do not.”
“A pity.”
Erin went to get the plates. She heard the two sitting and chatting idly while she went to the kitchen. There she took a moment to sit on the ground and slapped herself a few times. Then she got the plates.
“Here. Uh, I’ve got juice as well. Want a glass?”
“Oh, thank you. It’s…blue.”
“Yeah. I made it myself. It tastes good, really.”
“Well, I’ll gladly accept. Klbkch, you want any?”
“I will pass for the moment. We should get down to business rather than partake of food.”
“In a moment. Let’s eat first. This looks good!”
Erin stared. Here was an opportunity. She had two creatures who could not only speak English for some reason, but were also not inclined to kill her and were eating her food. There were so many questions she could ask about herself, about where she was, about everything really.
It might be her questions would decide her ultimate fate. Probably not, but they were certainly important. But before Erin could ask any of the questions, including how a ‘Drake’ and giant ant learned to use a knife and fork, she had to ask again.
“…Are you sure you’re not a dragon?”
 
—-
 
“…So someone on the walls spotted the smoke and called it in. Since it didn’t seem like a grassfire and since we knew this place was abandoned years ago the Captain decided to send someone to check it out.”
“To put in succinctly: we saw the fire and decided to investigate.”
The giant lizard turned and glared at his ant-man companion.
“That’s what I said.”
“You said it poorly. I am merely rephrasing your words for the benefit of all.”
“See, this. This is why no one else is willing to be your partner.”
“Your hurtful remarks are unnecessary. Besides which, I believe we are getting off track. We are in the presence of a member of the general public, remember.”
“Oh. Right. Sorry.”
The lizardman cleared his throat. It sounded weird to Erin; much deeper and bassy than normal.
Actually, everything was weird to Erin at the moment. Not least were the two creatures sitting across from her.
Well, maybe creatures was unfair. They were probably people. They acted like people. But they looked—
Erin stared at the lizardman’s arms. They were huge. She’d seen bodybuilders on magazine covers and terrible gym commercials, but this guy was bigger than 90% of the male population. The human male population. And he was green. And he had scales.
