1.07 R
Page 2
Okay, time for the nastiness. I put my hands on the counter. The receptionist is clearly far less happy to see me, or maybe it’s because of me taking away Mr. Handsome City Runner. I could care less.
“Got any deliveries for me today?”
She glances at me nervously, and then her eyes shift over to Fals.
“Oh, Miss Ryoka. I’m so sorry, but we’re out of requests. Again.”
“Really? You don’t have any requests? None?”
I find it amazing how people who lie can’t even meet my eyes.
“It’s a matter of—scheduling.”
Really? Is that a euphemism for annoying internal politics and the will of a group of idiots? I’m just staring down the receptionist at this point. It’s really awkward for me, but I bet she doesn’t like it either. She cracks in about five seconds and pulls a stack of papers she had ready for me.
“However, we have several contracts for Lady Magnolia if you’d like to look—”
“Pass.”
Damnit, damnit, damn it. I knew nothing would change. But what the hell can I do? This is life, now. Apparently having my leg crushed wasn’t enough of a warning – now it’s play by their rules or I’m out of work.
No requests. No deliveries, and no pay. That’s the message I’ve gotten every day since I got back. I tried Runner’s Guilds in three of the cities around here and all of them are doing the same thing. Every request is fulfilled, even if it means they have to work every other Runner around the clock to get it done.
In this case I’m staying in Celum just to see how long they can keep this up. Half of the Street and City Runners in here are practically dead on their feet, but they’re still doing it. And it looks like they’ve called in the better City Runners like Fals to help out.
In short, I’m being shut out until I give into their demands. Which I won’t do. What they actually want isn’t hard—
But I’m not doing it. I don’t give in to bullies and peer pressure. And the innocent look the receptionist is giving me makes me want to punch her lights out.
Screw this. It’s time to get unpleasant.
 
—-
 
Garia watched Ryoka and sensed trouble. She didn’t have any particular skills like [Dangersense], but she didn’t need to. She knew Ryoka, not just as a friend but as a meteorologist knows weather. And if Ryoka was a storm, then she’d be a shipbreaking hurricane with lightning and hail thrown in for good measure.
The tall barefoot girl leaned over the counter and glared at the receptionist. Garia felt for the older woman. Teressa was nice and helpful to everyone—she was just doing her job even if Garia herself didn’t agree with it. It wasn’t her fault.
Then again, Garia wouldn’t have wished Ryoka on anyone when she was this angry. Maybe Persua. Ryoka’s bright green eyes flashed with annoyance.
“It’s been four days.”
Ryoka leaned over the counter and glared at the wilting receptionist.
“And you’re telling me that there are no requests? Except of course for Magnolia.”
Teressa opened her mouth, hesitated, and cast an imploring glance sideways. Fals stepped forwards and smiled at Ryoka in a way that made Garia’s heart beat faster. Ryoka turned her glare on him.
“We don’t want to get in your way, Ryoka—”
“Oh really? Then stop taking all the delivery requests.”
Fals scratched the back of his neck and smiled again awkwardly.
“We’d love to. Really. But Ryoka, it would be best if you took one of Magnolia’s requests first.”
She knew why, but Ryoka wasn’t in the mood to be helpful. She crossed her arms over her chest.
“Why?”
Another smile, slightly strained.
