1.07 R
Page 11
I tap the screen and it lights up. Gerial and the other Horns of Hammerad gasp again, and even Ceria looks amazed. But to me it’s like looking at an old friend.
An old friend. An iPhone 4, to be exact. Black, sleek. It used to be full of scratches and dents where I dropped it, but now the plastic shines in the daylight. It looks like it just came out of the box.
Slide to unlock. No password. If I lost my iPhone I deserve to let it get hacked. Not that there’s too much on there. A few books, saved files, an empty contact list, basic essentials like Safari which is useless here…only one thing takes up nearly all 32 GB on my phone.
Music.
It’s all there. Thousands of songs, some great, some only mediocre. But every song I ever liked and bought or more often downloaded illegally is here. All here.
I can’t help it. I start laughing. Laughing for the pure, joyous salvation of magic. It’s given me everything I’ve ever wanted. My wings, and now my music. With it—with this—
I am free.
 
—-
 
Ryoka stared down at her iPhone and then began to laugh. For her, it was joyous. But for everyone else—
Gerial and Sostrom edged away from Ryoka and the other people on the street took one look at her and then hurried away. Ceria could only smile in astonishment.
“What an evil-sounding laugh.”
Perhaps Ryoka heard that, because she stopped. She reached into her pocket and drew out two earbuds. To the confusion of everyone watching she plugged them into her iPhone and then into her ears. Then she turned and began to jog.
The Street Runners left their positions and began to follow, but Ryoka’s jog turned into a fast run in an instant. She disappeared from view even as the Horns of Hammerad watched.
“What do you suppose that device was? Did it resemble anything you saw in Wistram Academy, Ceria?”
Ceria raised an eyebrow at Sostrom.
“I’ve no idea. Besides, that thing had no magic in it. How strange. But I can see why Magnolia is so fascinated by Ryoka and—”
A thought occurred to Ceria. She reached into the pack she’d brought with her, now stuffed with Ryoka’s clothes and began pawing through it.
“And—”
Ceria paled as she checked her pouches and pulled out a blue potion.
“Oh no. How could this happen? I swear I checked to make sure—”
“What? What is it?”
She turned to Gerial and Sostrom and showed them the potion she was holding.
“The healing potions I gave her—half of them were mana potions.”
They stared at her in horror. But even as they turned to shout, Ryoka was long gone. She was running. And she couldn’t have heard them in any case.
The music was about to begin.
 
—-
 
Ryoka sensed the other Street Runners trying to keep up as she raced through the streets, dodging past cursing pedestrians and keeping well away from any carts, wagons, or larger vehicles. The paved stones felt wonderfully smooth underneath her feet.
Hm. The Street Runners were keeping up well. Only to be expected since Ryoka had to dodge too many things for her liking. But they weren’t smart. They didn’t know how to shift their weight to get the best out of every step, and how to turn corners quick. They were just talented amateurs or in most cases, just amateurs.
Ryoka reached the gate and sensed more Runners following her. City Runners. They were faster. She wondered if Persua was in the crowd trying to catch up. Well, they could prepare any kind of trap but they’d have to catch her first. She was already running faster than normal, but it was time.
