1.07
Page 0

A giant insect stood in the doorway. It had large, black, bulbous eyes, a dark brown chitinous body, and a pair of swords at its sides. It also had a huge abdomen and two long pincers coming out of its mouth. And it had four arms.
Erin stared at the ant-creature. It opened its mouth and began to speak.
“Good evening, Human. I was wondering if my colleague and I could take up a moment of your time—”
Erin shut the door. Then she bolted it. Where did she put the kitchen knife?
“You idiot. I told you that this is why I should have opened the door.”
The Goblin’s knives were on the table. She grabbed both and tried to think. Knife. Chair? There were lots of chairs.
“Maybe it was a bad time?”
Or windows. Erin looked around. Plenty of windows. She’d jump out one if she needed to.
“Move over. Let me show you how it’s done.”
Someone knocked on the door again. Erin froze, and then went back. Very slowly, she opened the door.
A giant lizard—no, a miniature dragon that looked sort of like a human stared down at Erin. He had to be at least six and a half feet tall. His scales were light green, and he had sharp, sharp claws on each hand. When he smiled she saw his teeth. Oh, and he had a forked tongue.
“Hello Miss. Sorry if we—”
Erin shut the door, bolted it, and dragged a table in front of it. She could feel her heart pounding out of her chest as she pushed another table in the way. Knives were no good. She’d have to jump out a window after all.
“Good job not scaring her.”
“Shut up.”
Were they talking? Erin listened hard. Her hands were shaking so hard she couldn’t hold anything.
“Now what? I do not believe breaking and entering would be appropriate at this moment.”
“What, are you crazy? Let me talk. That was just a misunderstanding caused by seeing your face. I’ll straighten all this out.”
One voice was higher than the other and had a strange clicking quality about it. Erin guessed that was the insect’s. The other, the lizardman, pronounced his words with elongated s’s. And they were both speaking in English.
“Hello? Miss? We’re not dangerous.”
One of them was knocking on the door. Erin tried not to hyperventilate. Her eyes darted to the window. But she had to ask.
“…Are you a dragon?”
She heard a surprised laugh from outside the door.
“Am I a dragon? Aha. Haha. Well, that’s just—oh, bite me. I mean, do I look like one? Maybe I do. What do you think?”
“You are blushing.”
“Be quiet. I’m in a good mood now.”
The lizardman raised his voice again.
“Excuse me? I’m not a dragon, Miss Human. I’m just a lowly Drake in service to the city watch. Me and my idiot partner were on patrol when we noticed the smoke. May we come in? I promise we won’t bite.”
“Or inflict other forms of bodily or mental harm upon you.”
“Shut up. Are you trying to scare her?”
Erin debated. Somewhere in her mind she was trying to decide whether she should be laughing or panicking. And if she was going to laugh, would it be funny laughter or hysterics?
She couldn’t decide. So instead—
“Um. Give me a moment. I’ll open this door.”
“Thank you very much.”
Erin dragged the tables out of the way and hesitantly unlatched the door. She opened it and stared at the insect and giant lizard again. The insect just stared at her. The lizard on the other hand opened its mouth and curved its lips upward. It might have been a smile.
“…Hi.”
Erin’s hand tensed on the door. The lizard guy put his hand on the door and stopped her from closing it.
“Sorry, sorry Miss. We’re not here to hurt you, I promise.”
