1.07 R
Page 0

Running is a peculiar thing. And it’s one of the few things I’m qualified to talk about in any world. For me, running is as close to living as anything I do. I’ve studied it, practiced it, and made it mine. I can’t claim anything else like that.
But if running is pure, life is not. My body is not, for that matter.
Funny thing. Apparently, doing a record-breaking thirty mile marathon at my top speed has consequences, especially on a leg that just got healed. Suffice it to say that when the Horns of Hammerad caught up with me they had to let me ride on the cart most of the way back to Celum.
Lying down in the middle of a field during a complete physical shutdown is actually pretty relaxing. I was so tired I didn’t even think about what would happen if a monster found me.*
*Not that it’s hard to think about. Apparently the most common type of monster between the human cities and Liscor are Goblins or a variety of avian species. I’m told that it would be far better to have the birds start eating me alive than suffer what male Goblins do to women. Next time I see one of those buggers I’m kicking his head in.
Anyways, I’m just lucky Ceria knows several locating spells. The Horns figured out what happened pretty quick when I stopped moving. Again, running a marathon on a light meal isn’t a good idea. I’ve tried ultra-marathons and the key to those runs isn’t speed or even that much practice. All you do is take it easy and eat the entire way through. My kind of fun.
Where was I? Oh yeah. Running. Running is simple, but nothing else is in life. Even jobs involving running are way too difficult.
Case in point, and why I’m still standing outside the Runner’s Guild rather than go in. I really don’t want to have to deal with the people inside—or anyone right now. In fact, the only thing keeping me remotely sane is the fact that my leg is better.
My leg is better. Four words, but it is all the difference in the world to me. From thinking I’d never run again to being able to run wherever I go?
Life is good.
—Unless of course you’re an out-of-work bum with no money who has to borrow from other people to survive. Dad always warned me this would happen if I didn’t shape up.*
*Of course, shaping up for him would be going into politics to kiss ass and tell lies 24/7, so he can go jump off a cliff.
I am quite literally penniless. Without Garia and the Horns of Hammerad, I wouldn’t even have been sleeping in the inn for the last few days, let alone eating. The reason for that is twofold. One—and again, this is my fault—I had to rest up from the stupid marathon I ran right after getting my leg healed. Even with a potion there was still some rehabilitation necessary. That took two days before Ceria told me I was fine.
The other reason?
People.
Every head in the Runner’s Guild turns as I kick open the door. Just as quickly most of the Runners look away.* Looks like half of the regular City Runners are here, plus a few people I recognize.
*It’s a great look, too. It says that they were clearly expecting someone, anyone besides me but I’m here now and they have to put up with me – mainly by pretending I don’t exist. Gods. This is why I hate looking at people’s faces.
Fals is talking to Garia next to the receptionist’s desk. Both notice me, but Fals keeps talking and Garia’s too moonstruck to interrupt him. And watching Fals from a corner of the room with her posse is another charming person of interest.
Persua.
