1.08
Page 2
And then she walked on. It was getting dark. She couldn’t stop just now.
She was in too much danger.
 
—-
 
The key to distracting oneself was motion. Erin moved around the inn and kept busy. She cleaned the vomit off the floor, washed the plates as best she could with some of the water, helped herself to a bit of pasta and brought out more plates and silverware to the common room. Then she stored the eggs and blue fruit away in one of the cupboards, went upstairs and cleaned a few rooms. She was moving, but really she was waiting.
“They said they’d visit. But did they mean that or are they busy? Either way, I can always make more pasta and save some for later, right?”
She had a pot full of hot pasta in the kitchen and she’d served and eaten her own plate of buttery noodles with blue fruit juice before she realized it was dark. Hopefully Erin stared out one of the windows, but the grasslands were empty. The sky was so amazingly vast, the stars so numerous. It was beautiful, frightening. Erin would have loved to stare at it if she were at home, but what she was really hoping to see were two figures. But she didn’t.
“They must be busy.”
Erin sighed to herself. But it wasn’t that early in the night after all. She could wait.
The young woman sat at the table, her stomach full, her clothes torn and dirty, her eyes drooping. But every few minutes her eyes flicked to the stout wooden door. She was waiting.
 
—-
 
Relc stretched in his chair in the Guard’s barracks. It wasn’t too crowded in the early evening, most guardsmen having checked out already or begun their evening patrols. Those who remained in the building were almost entirely Drakes, aside from a few tall, furry, humanoid [Guardsmen]. And they were all busy with their own tasks.
The Senior Guardsman cast an irritable eye over at the large, hunched insect hovering over a table next to him.
“Are you done logging out for the day yet?”
“Almost.”
Klbkch made a precise notation with a quill on a sheet of parchment.
“There. I have signed us both out. Again.”
“Great. Thanks. Now, wanna go check on that Human? I hear—”
A female Drake shouted at Relc from across the room. She was nowhere as large as Relc, and she wore chainmail and a sword at her hip as she stomped up to him.
“There’s a brawl in the marketplace. Get over there and stop the fighting!”
“What? Some idiot had to start a fight now of all times? We were going to go back and—”
“Shut up and get moving!”
“…Jerk.”
“A pity. Let’s be on our way.”
“What a pain. Let’s smack some scales-for-brains quick. Maybe we’ll still have time to go to the inn afterwards.”
“You know we will be called upon to go after those who got away. And there is damage assessment, guard detail, investigating any burglaries during the violence…”
“Aw.”
“Do not fret. The Human will not be going anywhere.”
“I know, I know. But I was going to eat more pasta and—”
“Relc!”
The angry shout made Relc wince and cover the two holes on the side of his head.
“Alright, let’s go. Man, I really hate the Captain.”
“Don’t insult her while we are within earshot.”
“She can eat my scales. Let’s go and get this over with.”
“After you.”
 
—-
 
Erin sat at the bar counter in the inn and waited. All was perfect.
Well, all was sorta perfect. It was at least acceptable. She had a basket of the blue fruits, more pasta in a large pot, and she’d even drawn a fresh bucket of water from the stream. She had very nearly spotless plates and silverware and all in all, she was ready for some guests.
If they’d ever arrive.
