1.08 R
Page 0

I slow down after about twenty minutes of sprinting. Not because I don’t feel like running faster but I know I’ve got a long way to go.
So I reduce my pace from record-breaking speed to a sustainable jog. A bit faster than normal, but I can’t help it.
I’ve got the music.
Currently I’m running to the not-so-fast-paced song, “Heathens” by twenty one pilots. I love it. And the movie it was written for – Suicide Squad – I really wanted to watch it, even though I thought it might not be as insanely horrific as I hoped. PG-13? Really?
It came out just a month before I came to this world. I always meant to see it but I kept putting it off. Guess I’ll never see it now.
Hm. Thinking of home, or the world I came from hurts a bit. But it’s more like a thorn that I’ve pulled out of my foot* a while ago. It still hurts, but the place I’ve come to makes up for it. In some ways. In other ways it’s just as crap, but at least—
 
*More than once. Painful, and way worse than stepping on glass. Actually, barefoot runners rarely step on glass. Everyone thinks we do, but if you were running around barefoot would you step on glass? Seriously. Think about it.
 
Yeah—At least the view is great.
An open landscape of rolling hills and an open dirt road stretches out before my eyes, punctuated only rarely by inconveniences like rocks or in the distance, small buildings. It’s the most glorious sight for a runner.
Actually, the geography reminds me a lot of Mongolia. I used to stare at pictures of the endless grasslands there and dream of running by myself for days. But this place, this makes Mongolia look like a cramped hipster coffee shop in the middle of a city.
This world is big. And even that word is too small to encompass the land around me. Endless is probably a better word for the scale of this planet. Even the sky is larger, or at least that’s how it feels. But how would gravity work if that’s the case?
Magic. Probably. Anyways, I’m not thinking about this again. Focus, Ryoka. Think about your job.
Hm. Let’s see. I’ve ditched Fals and the rest of the jackasses that call themselves Runners. That’s a good first step. Now, Celum is a ways away from the High Passes. The closest city to them is actually Liscor, although you have to run around the mountain range to get there.
In any case, I can relax. I’m running at a quick pace, but it’ll take a few hours to get there. So I relax, and let my mind wander.
 
—-
 
Run. Run and eat. Run and stop to pee. Run and slow to a walk for a while. Normally, I’d be busy thinking all this time but instead I just listen to music. It’s been so long every song is fresh and amazing to listen to.
In between that I do stop the music to concentrate. As a Runner, it’s important to be aware of my surroundings. And a few things have been bothering me.
Firstly, I know the local landscape. Around here – around most of the northern part of this continent the geography alternates between relatively flat land and the mountainous passes that lead to the southern continent. True, there are heavily forested regions further north and from what I’ve heard, several large rivers that create a transportation network that makes Runners slightly obsolete. But that’s north, and I haven’t travelled that far.
In the same way, I haven’t gone past Liscor to the south. That’s where the landscape gets nasty, apparently. Marshes, mountainous landscapes, and what people call the Blood Fields dominate the largest southern section. No wonder humans don’t go down there.
