1.08 R
Page 6
A goddamn goat. It scared the crap out of me. But it doesn’t appear frightened of me or the wolves. In fact, it takes one look at the wolf pack trying to make its way up to where I am and bahs again, loudly.
More bahs. This time they’re all around me. I look up and see goats lining the cliffs and rocks on the High Passes. They hop up and down the cliff faces easily, making for me and the pack. What the hell? Are they not afraid of the wolves? But now the wolves are backing away from me and snarling at the goats.
Why—
The goat near me bahs again, loudly. In fact, it sounds more like a scream at this point. A scream, and now it gets real close. Suddenly I have a really bad feeling. I back up and the goat advances.
The goat opens its mouth and I see its teeth. Goats should not have pointy teeth. And its mouth is unnaturally big. It screams and I scream and run but they’re all around me and—
 
—-
 
“The High Passes.”
Lady Magnolia breathed the words as she stared at the man standing in her foyer. He was—well, knowing what she did of who the man was, Magnolia would have expected him to be wearing pure black clothing and armed to the teeth, but then he wouldn’t be very inconspicuous would he? And [Assassins] were supposed to be stealthy.
But this man was so ordinary looking he was forgettable. Magnolia was sure it was some sort of skill, just as she was sure she was not happy with the current situation.
“Please explain to me, Assassin Theofore, how it is that Ryoka Griffin was able to not only evade you and the others of your group, but that she is now, as I understand it, alone in the High Passes being chased by a group of Carn Wolves?”
The assassin named Theofore clearly did not like being addressed by his name, but he was also wise enough not to take issue with Magnolia using it. He spread his gloved hands out and bowed his head.
“My associates and I were fully prepared to guard Ryoka Griffin against attacks within the city and even outside of it. But we were unprepared for her to accept a request to the High Passes, let alone move so quickly.”
“I did warn you she was quick. And the wolf pack?”
“We were unable to do more than slay a few of the wolves gathering before they noticed our scent. And our group was not equipped for combat against monsters, lady. We assumed this would be a protection mission against other humans and armed accordingly. We were forced to retreat, and for our failure you will be fully reimbursed. But the Guild cannot take further responsibility for this, Lady Magnolia.”
Lady Magnolia pursed her lips, but the [Assassin] was right. No one could have predicted—
Well, actually she could have predicted this if she’d known about the unmarked request beforehand. Magnolia knew Ryoka’s personality well, both from experience and her Skill. It was a slight oversight that cost her now, and cost Ryoka—possibly her life.
She studied the [Assassin] and tapped her lips, glancing towards the window where the mountains loomed in the distance.
“If I were to pull strings and send several teams of adventurers to the High Passes, would they get there in time?”
“Perhaps to collect what remains of her corpse, Lady Magnolia. But even that is likely to have been devoured by now.”
Again, Magnolia had to suppress her vexation. Well, vexation was one word for it. She was considerably more than vexed, but a [Lady] took care to hide her emotions. Still, she had to give vent to it.
“I was assured of the highest quality in hiring your guild. I believe I made it quite clear how important Ryoka’s life was?”
