1.08 R
Page 4
No time to run or even think. I raise my hands again. Wolves can outrun humans, just like bears. And running makes me prey. I need to get it to back down or leave.
“Bring it.”
Trouble is, this wolf isn’t like normal ones. Wolves from my world don’t hunt humans in general. But this one just ate a Goblin’s head. So maybe the ones here have a taste for humanoids.
It sniffs at me again. And then the wolf lowers its head. Oh shit. It’s gonna—
I barely see the wolf move. It launches at me and I throw myself sideways. The wolf lands, turns, and I run forwards and punch it in the head.
No thinking. Just action. I’ve practiced these moves enough that my body overrides my panicked brain. Punch, punch, step back. The wolf snaps at me and I twist. My leg flashes up and sideways and catches the wolf in the wide of the head. A solid strike.
Roundhouse kick. I once watched a documentary about the power behind Muay Thai kicks. Getting hit by one by a world champion’s roundhouse kick is like being hit by a car at 35 MPH. Well, I’m not world champion but the giant wolf still blinks and shakes its head. It wobbles on its paws and I step forwards.
Another kick that’s illegal in a MMA is hitting your opponent with your knee when he’s down. That’s a lethal move. Actually, all of Muay Thai moves are meant to kill, but knees and elbows are really nasty. I was taught a hundred times not to hit anyone in the head with a knee unless I wanted to kill them.
I just hope my teacher wasn’t exaggerating. I run forwards and knee the damn dog as hard as I can in the face. I heard something crunch. It feels like my knee.
The wolf blinks, backs up a few steps, and then snarls.
—Ah.
It’s funny. Back in my world I thought I was pretty hot stuff. Certainly, I’ve never lost a fight with the other stupid kids my age. And I was talented.
I reached 4th dan, which is insanely hard to get to, especially at my age. At that level I could teach martial arts myself if I didn’t want to be sexually harassed and laughed at all day long. Reaching that level at my age is extremely rare*, and I know how to fight.
I’ve been in street fights, or at least, school fights and being jumped while running. There’s a difference between knowing martial arts and having a black belt at a Mcdojo**.
 
*Having a personal gym and near-perfect memory helps, though. Also, parents who let you practice martial arts as much as you want if it keeps you out of trouble.
 
**Mcdojo. Great term. It describes every cafeteria and gym for kids who just want to show off rather than learn actual techniques. I kicked a black-belt ‘expert’ once and broke two of his ribs. Good times.
 
I know how to fight. And even if I’m not nearly as good as someone who walks in and out of brawls or has trained longer, I’d put money on me beating most of the adventurers below Gold-rank. Because they’re human, or humanoid. And marital arts doesn’t exist in this world, at least as far as I know.
But martial arts was never designed to fight monsters.
The wolf I just roundhouse kicked and kneed in the face gets up and shakes itself like nothing happened. Then it looks at me and growls. It’s nose looks wet, but I don’t think I hurt it much. In fact, I think I just pissed it off.
It advances fast. I punch, but the wolf snaps at my hand and I nearly lose it. It dashes around me and I spin to keep up. It’s so damn quick!
The wolf snaps at my leg and I back up, kicking. But it’s too fast and the fur on the wolf is like armor. It rushes me again and this time I can feel it’s hot breath on my front as I leap back.
