1.08 R
Page 7
The [Assassin] was not in a good spot. Technically he was a veteran of his Guild and perfectly able to take most lives with a single flick of his concealed blades. But he was standing in front of a woman who was definitely able to take any life she wanted, including his. Perhaps not directly, but the maid standing behind Lady Magnolia was setting off all of Theofore’s warning bells. He eyed her warily as he chose the best words to respond with.
“Had we known the Runner would venture into an area like the High Pass we would have charged ten times the cost and sent our best agents. And even then, we would not have guaranteed her safety. Practically speaking, we would have attempted to subdue Ryoka Griffin long before she entered that area. Countless monsters abound there, lady. The wolves would be just another type of prey, there.”
“Really?”
Magnolia brightened at that.
“Is there any hope these other monsters would devour the wolves and leave Ryoka alive?”
“Doubtful, Lady. They would try to kill anything that disturbed them. And it is likely that even if Ryoka outran the wolves, she would not be able to evade the most prevalent type of monster in the High Passes.”
“And which would those be?”
“Gargoyles.”
“Gargoyles? What are those?”
 
—-
 
Gargoyles!
I think I’m screaming. I’m definitely running, but I can barely feel my feet getting cut on the rocks between my nausea and the terror electrifying my body.
The nearest oddly shaped stone unfurls its massive stone wings and seizes the first goat trying to rip me to shreds. The goat tries to break free, bleating in panic but the gargoyle just reaches up and pulls the goat apart. Blood rains down around me as more of the deceptively innocuous rocks spring to life around me.
I’ve just run straight into a nest of gargoyles. That would normally be terrible by itself if it weren’t for the pack of wolves and goats trying to eat me.
The rocky slope behind me is already filled with wolves and goats tearing each other to shreds. And the worst thing is that the wolves are losing. The goats came out of the cliffs in a horde and started eating the wolves, ripping them apart and fighting over the scraps.
I ran uphill to get away from the ones chasing me, but instead I just ran into worse trouble. For the gargoyles, it’s like I just offered myself up on a plate and brought a lot of hors d’oeuvres.
The gargoyle that just tore apart the goat tosses the pieces up. Its curved beak-mouth snaps and it crunches horribly. The goats swerve and immediately retreat, but the other gargoyles lumber forward. Half of them leap down towards the goats and wolves now in full retreat. The other half go after me.
I run on. I haven’t stopped running, but I find some more juice and tell my legs to go even faster. I don’t know how they’re doing it.
I feel sick. It’s like my body is shutting down, but at the same time it’s like someone’s hitting me with a taser*. Even though I want to sit down and throw up, I’m running as fast as I ever have. It’s like I can’t run out of energy, and I need every drop.
 
*Never been tased. Run!
 
A huge gargoyle unfolds in front of me. It looks vaguely like a bird crossed with an ogre, a hulking giant beast with skin that looks like stone but slides around like flesh. It opens its mouth and I see a dark opening before something shoots out.
I feel something spin me around and then stumble forwards. My hand goes up and I feel at my shoulder. Sliced flesh. Deep slice. The gargoyle fires again and I stumble sideways. The stone fragments it spits miss me and eviscerate the wolf behind me.
