1.08 R
Page 2
I guess listening to loud music really isn’t a good idea when you’re supposed to be watching out for trouble. That’s probably why I never noticed the group of Goblins until they were right on top of me.
They spread out around me, a mob of Goblins. Not too many, at least by their standards but a lot. I can’t spare time to count. Twenty—thirty of them? Some have bows, like the one who just shot at me, but most are carrying weapons. Rusted swords, daggers, and even a buckler or two. But they’re unarmored, ragged.
They could dice me up in seconds. And they’ve got me flanked this time.
This is bad. But I raise my hands and make fists. I haven’t needed to fight before, but it’s not because I couldn’t. And today I’m at the top of my game.
The Goblins grin. They only see a human female, alone, separated, and unarmed. Not a threat. That’s fine by me. I see a bunch of guys who I can hit as hard as I want and who have way less muscle and reach than a normal group of thugs. And I know kung fu*.
 
*I do not know kung fu. I practice a version of Muay Thai geared towards MMA, although I don’t do any actual mixed martial arts. Damn overprotective parents.
 
Widen my stance, tilt my body forwards and down, hands up and loosely clasped into fists. I put more weight on my front leg. I bounce up and down, ready to move at a moment’s notice.
I’ve been in fights. Not many; definitely not the kind of straight up bloodbaths you hear about in inner cities, but I’ve had to defend myself more than once. More than that, after my first fight my parents had me learn martial arts to defend myself. I studied how to fight.
The Goblins are still spreading out around me, waiting for one of them to make the first move. Maybe they can tell I’m not like a normal girl because I’m not screaming or trying to run. Instead, I dodge back and forth, keeping my distance, trying not to let them get my back.
One of the rules of fighting a group is never to let them surround you. Lead them on in a line if you can. Second, never let an opportunity to attack slip by. Be sure you know when they’re about to come at you.
And striking first is good. So as the first Goblin decides it’s time to get the ball rolling and darts forward with a shrill cry I step forwards.
Step in, rotate hips, and put all that motion into a punch. I catch the Goblin in the head right as he charges. It’s a satisfyingly solid punch and I feel it go right through the bugger.
He folds up. No confused blink, no comedic pratfall. The Goblin just falls down and doesn’t get up. That’s what a proper punch does.
The other Goblins blink in consternation. That shouldn’t have happened. But they’re fighters. They look cute in an evil sort of way, but they’re all killers. Probably even normal street thugs aren’t as vicious as these guys. So when they see the first guy go down seven come at me at once.
I back up. And then I turn and punch. Not to really hit a target, but to get the other Goblins behind me to back up. They were about to rush me but they flinch away and I dash past them. Okay, now my back’s safe. So I turn and let the others come at me.
A line. They’re doing the stupid tactic of rushing me without doing it all together. So I jump forwards, punch once, twice. Two Goblins fold up and I hop back, letting them trip up their friends.
A Goblin leaps over his friends and I hit him in the stomach in the air. He starts throwing up even as he lands. Another comes around the side and this time he’s smart enough to start swinging before he gets to me. I wait. Swing, swing…
