1.08 R
Page 1
So where I’m running – the plains – is one of the better parts to be. The only monsters around here are Goblins and a few weaker examples of monsters. But the closer I get to the High Passes, the more likely I am to run into something nasty. Exactly what monsters live in the mountains I don’t know, but they make the ones living in the human lands look cute by comparison.
That’s the first problem. The second is that there are a bunch of fireflies following me.
Fireflies. Or—animated sparks of light? That’s the closest thing I can think of to describe them. It’s like—well, it’s like some kind of magic maybe? These…symbols keep flashing around my head and I swear I can hear something whenever I look at these flashes of color that are whirling around my head. They keep trying to get a lock on me, but whenever they do I speed up and lose them.
It’s probably some kind of curse. I don’t know if Persua has enough money to hire a mage or if it’s possible to call down lightning on me, but I’m not dealing with whatever it is.
Keep running. I just wish whoever’s casting the spell would give up. It’s getting annoying. But I can turn up the music and the garbled speech tunes out. Okay, what else?
I’ve got the details of the open request memorized and written down, for all the good that does me. It’s a request to deliver a package, but what the package might be or who’s requesting it isn’t clear. That’s the uncertainty of an open request, and the reason why few Runners want to accept them. But the pay’s extraordinary, so that’s enough.
With open requests, I go to the location marked and I’ll receive my pay in advance. The sender tells me where to go and we can negotiate a second fee, or I tow the delivery back to the Runner’s Guild where someone else can finish the job.
It’s not the greatest system, but it works when dealing with areas where identity and safety can’t be assured. Apparently, all deliveries used to work more or less like this, but the new system in the Runner’s Guild is safer for Runners.
I could be walking into a trap. Please don’t let me be walking into a trap.
Anyways, I’m looking for a cave down the main road* of the High Passes. It will be marked by a yellow banner of some kind.
 
*I use the word road only in the loosest sense. Rather than a road, you could call it the only vaguely flat terrain that winds through the mountains and through stone passes and the network of caves.
 
That’s all I have to go on, and I’m only a few miles away from the High Passes. Now I can see the mountains looming ahead of me, rust-colored rock towering in the sky. And they are huge. I can look up and not even sense the mountain getting smaller before it disappears into the foggy, clouded sky overhead.
A mountain taller than Everest? Perhaps not, but it’s probably close. And that’s just one mountain of the countless ones here. Together they form an impenetrable barricade, save for the small gap that winds through the passes.
Well, a small gap here is a road about as wide as two football fields placed side by side. And again, if it’s a road it’s the most crap road in the world. This one has boulders scattered through it taller than fully grown oak trees. But it is semi-flat, and that’s enough.
I really hope I don’t cut my feet on the rocks. I should be fine; my calluses are really tough, but—
Something flashes past my face and hits the grass. Instinctively, I duck, and that’s when I see them. A horde of little green men, except these ones ain’t aliens.
“Shit.”
