1.08 R
Page 8
The hell was that? It’s like a shotgun! And the sound the gargoyles are making—a roaring warble that makes rocks tumble down. I can feel it in my bones.
I can’t fight. I don’t even think of trying. Muay Thai doesn’t have any moves that teach you how to dodge bullets or break stone.
So I run. I was born to run. I was born to fly.
The nest of gargoyles is high up. It’s a relatively open area, looking down on the high pass. Fifty—sixty feet below? It’s not a straight drop—more like a sharp incline. Normally I’d descend with the utmost caution but the gargoyles lumber towards me, fast. So I dash towards the edge even as a gargoyle charges me.
My feet leave the ground as I leap. I jump over the gargoyle’s lashing stone tail and touch down on a rocky outcropping. Even as my feet find purchase I look and move. Another jump, and now I’m aiming right for the rocky slope.
Stone cracks and deceptive crevices leap up at me as I fall in slow motion. The slope is a maze of places to twist or break my ankles. But I can see every fault in the rock face. My foot hits the edge of the cliff and then I plunge down, sprinting down even as several rocky monsters lumber after me, spitting stone shards.
Left foot, stone spot. Right foot avoids the fragile green moss. I’m leaning forwards as I run down. Right, left, jump, pivot—
I lose my balance and slam against a rock. I’m tumbling down but I correct my footing and push off. I’m in the air for five seconds and then land and transfer the force of my fall into descending.
Fast. So fast. The slope is blurring beneath me, and I can see the open pass below. I’m going too fast to stop. So I twist—
 
—-
 
The almost vertical slope leading up to the gargoyle’s lair crumbled away in the wake of Ryoka’s descent. Small stones bounced wildly down the uneven landscape, dislodging larger boulders and causing a minor earthquake. But even the avalanche was too slow to catch her.
Ryoka’s feet were a blur as she sped downwards, on a collision course with the ground. She was moving too fast. Even if she tried, the strain of taking all her momentum aimed downwards and transitioning to the flat ground might break her leg. So instead she threw herself into a roll.
Ryoka hit the flat ground and tumbled fifteen feet before she landed on her back. She stared up at the cloudy sky, winded. But in another second she was up and running. She was being chased.
The stony, half-avian half-hulking forms of the gargoyles launched themselves off the cliff. They did not fear breaking any body parts. One smashed into the ground behind Ryoka, making the earth shake around her. She ran on as the gargoyle surged upwards and chased after her.
Her body was electric. She felt like she was dying of the flu, yet more alive than she’d ever been. Ryoka was bleeding from her torn up feet, her bitten arm and the places where the gargoyle’s shrapnel fire had cut her flesh. Her clothes were torn and she was bruised from countless impacts.
The ground shook as more gargoyles launched themselves off the cliff and hit the earth like bombs. They couldn’t really fly, heavy as they were—but they could angle their descent. Ryoka ran on as stone monsters twice as tall as she was landed around her.
Birds shrieked in the sky, except they weren’t birds. Razorbeaks, the prehistoric avians with leathery wings and beaks full of teeth swarmed down out the sky. They dove down, seizing carcasses and entrails from the fighting monsters. Others dove at Ryoka, biting, tearing at her. She flailed at them as she ran on.
