1.08 R
Page 5
Muay Thai was never meant to fight a creature that fights with its teeth. I try to get my distance but the wolf advances.
Fuck. It’s not gonna let me get away. And I don’t know what to do. If I was faster I’d try to poke its damn eyes out. But the wolf is dodging left and right.
I try to punch the wolf, but again, the fur takes all the force away. And then the wolf twists its head and closes its fangs over—
Aaaaaaah!
Fireworks. I hammer at the wolf’s face and then mash one of its eyes. It lets go then and howls in agony. I do too.
My arm! It bit down for only a second, but I think it cracked the bone! I stagger away from the wolf and mercifully, it doesn’t follow. It’s shaking its head and I can feel something wet on my fingers. I think I destroyed its eye but I have to get away.
I start running. From a standing start to a sprint I’m running. Behind me I can hear the wolf howling. In agony? No—this sounds worse.
It sounds like a call to the pack.
Just as I think that I hear more howls, this time in the distance. But they start getting louder so I run on. My arm is bleeding freely, but I run on. No time to stop.
Glancing over my shoulder. I can see the wolf following, but only to keep me in its sight. It wants to gather the pack. And here they come. Blurring shapes race over a hill, fast, fast.
My arm! I can’t—the wolf tore away a huge chunk of flesh. I need a potion.
They’re in my pack, strapped to the outside for easy reach. I grab one, pop the cork and down it, choking on the liquid. Then I hurl the bottle at the nearest wolf, making it dodge away.
The foul liquid goes down and I wait for relief as I sprint desperately for the High Passes. The landscape changes beneath my feet. Suddenly I’m running across what feels closer to clay and the soil and even rocks turn a dark orange-red. And the mountains are right in front of me.
The wolves follow, howling even as more of them race out of the plains. They’re coming.
I’m never going to lose them on the open ground. I hear a growl and run left as a wolf jumps. It hits the ground and I scramble up the rocky ground. Up the slope. Aren’t wolves supposed to have a harder time climbing or something?
It works. The wolf packs slows and I can see them having a harder time scrambling up the rocks. But they are coming. And they’re still howling, making my blood run cold.
Gotta run. Must keep moving. I scramble up the incline, cutting my legs and hands against the jagged surface. And I feel sick? Why? My arm still burns. It should—it should be healing.
Up. I see a ledge and leap for it. Its high, but I grab the edge and hoist myself up. The wolves charge, but they’re too late. I’m above them, safe for the moment.
On the ledge I back away from the wolf pack and lean against the rock face, breathing heavily. I feel sick. Sick, tired, and the adrenaline in my veins is making me shake. And I’m still bleeding? Why?
Another potion. I fumble at my pack, pull out the bottle of red liquid and down it in one go. I wait for relief. Nothing.
Confused and sick as I am, I down another potion before I realize something is seriously wrong and at that point—
I throw up. Something is—the potion I drank is burning in my veins. What the hell? It’s not a healing potion. What is—
Something hops down from the rocks above me. I shout, hurl the potion bottle and nearly slip in my own vomit. The goat stares reproachfully at me and bahs loudly even as the wolves keep howling and snarling below.
“A goat?”
