1.08 R
Page 3
As his knife goes too far left I step in and hit him. I’ve got a longer reach if I extend, way longer than his short arms. Another unconscious Goblin.
The last three Goblins slow, but one of them is dumber than the rest. He keeps coming, and I decide to get fancy. Instead of punching I back up, and then do a roundhouse kick.
Muay Thai is a martial art that emphasizes really strong kicks. And one of their famous kicks is the roundhouse. Naturally, it was one of my favorite moves to practice.
The Goblin lets me set it up. He’s watching my hands, so he never sees my leg flash up. I can kick nearly as fast as I punch and I catch him right across the head. Short as Goblins are, my kicks are more head level than at their side or chest like normal humans.
My foot connects with his head and I feel his flesh squish. And then I feel something give way and hear a crack. The Goblin tumbles, flies, and rolls to a stop in the grass. He doesn’t move. And my heart stops.
The other Goblins look down at their fallen friend and up at me. I know I should be watching to see if they’ll rush me, but my eyes are fixed on the Goblin. I—I didn’t mean to hit him that hard. Not in the head.
He’s too still. The fallen Goblin doesn’t even twitch. He—he’s—
He’s dead. I killed him. I’ve never killed another creature before. I’ve hunted for fun, but I don’t shoot animals. Even in fights I only broke bones. I don’t kill.
But he’s dead. And it was so quick, too.
I stare down at the Goblin and then see a black shape speeding at my head. I duck and the arrow misses my cheek by a few inches. The Goblin archer lowers his bow and shouts something at his friends.
Damn it. I have to focus. I have to think! The Goblins are moving again, trying to surround me. They don’t want to get close this time, but the archers are all pulling out their short, stubby arrows.
I need to run or fight. I’ll blitz the Goblin archers, hit them, and then run for it. My eyes narrow and I start weaving and dodging left and right, giving them less of a target.
The archer in the back, the one who shot twice at me is their leader. I need to hit him and maybe the Goblins will give up on me. He’s got a few Goblins in front of him, but if I rush the group.
The Goblin pulls an arrow and sights at me. My body tenses—
And the Goblin archer’s head disappears. Not disappears in a cute way like he ducked down or he fell over. No. The entire neck and skin pulls away as a massive jaw closes over his head and rips his head clean off.
“Holy—”
The Goblins turn. One screams, raises his sword and a claw cuts his stomach open. I back up. The Goblins back up. And the gigantic wolf casually grabs another Goblin, bites down, shakes him around, and tosses him to one side like confetti.
A wolf. A huge, giant wolf. Not the kind from my world; a proper, Big Bad Wolf of the plains, nearly as big as I am. Bigger. He’s got more mass.
The wolf sniffs and eyes me. The Goblins are already running, but he’s not interested in them. He’s looking straight at me.
Calm down*. It’s not the same as a Dire Wolf from George R. Martin’s books. Those things are big as horses, right? This one’s – this one’s only twice as big as a normal wolf. Only twice.
 
*Calm down! Don’t panic! Holy gods it’s huge!
 
It has rust-red fur. Why the hell—is it because of the blood? It paws the ground, sniffs again, and then slowly begins to circle me. It’s so big, and unlike the Goblins I can see muscles rippling under its fur.
