1.08 R
Page 10
But his face caught Ryoka. He was lined like an elderly statesman, but his features could have been used as a template for sculptures. He looked like the most handsome old guy she’d ever seen, and she was not attracted to older men. But she was to him.
He looked like an archetype of humanity, only one aged well into his sixties or seventies. He was magnificent—
And he was a dragon.
Ryoka blinked. She was lying on the ground. She picked herself up and saw the blood. It dripped onto the expensive stone. She got up, slowly. She couldn’t feel much, but she saw the man walking towards her.
She stood up. The occupant of the cave looked at her, a bleeding, dying human. She grinned at him and raised her hand.
“Delivery.”
Then she fell to the ground, unconscious. The elderly man looked down at the unconscious Ryoka Griffin and blinked a few times. How surprising.
—Upon closer inspection his ears were pointed upwards. If Ryoka had been in any state to inspect anything, that was. The ‘man’ sighed and muttered a few words that were loud and quiet at the same time. Ryoka’s bleeding stopped. He flicked his fingers and the trail of blood she’d brought in slowly flowed together into a crimson orb that floated towards him.
He caught it and tossed it on Ryoka’s body. The blood flowed towards her and into her. She stirred and sighed. He sighed too.
“Humans.”
It was probably best to let the magic work. She was suffering from mana poisoning, which was far more difficult to cure than mere blood loss. Meanwhile he could investigate this strange human on his own. His spells weren’t showing her Level or Class for some reason.
The occupant of the cave turned and strode away. He made it five steps before he tripped over a goblet and fell on his face. Quickly, he got up and made sure the human was still asleep. The elderly man scowled, kicked the golden chalice, and winced as it crashed into something in the distance and shattered it. He scowled at nothing in particular.
“Rot.”
 

