1.09 R
Page 2
Okay, I’m not sure what humans he’s used to dealing with, but—my spine is already straightening. I can’t even glare at him. Crap. Is this some kind of magical hypnosis spell? But now he’s walking around me, slowly. Eying me like a piece of fish on sale at a supermarket.
“I care not about your name, but you are a Runner, a messenger, yes?”
“Yes.”
I tried to say, ‘yes, asshole’, but apparently no violence means no backchat either. He nods like he expected that reply.
“Very well. But then tell me—why did you risk such a dangerous request? Three of your kind have perished already attempting to reach my home. What drove you to risk death for this delivery?”
Again, the response comes out of me instantly, before I even have time to really think about my reply.
“For the reward. Forty gold pieces.”
Now he looks disappointed.
“Simply for that? No other reason?”
Huh. Was this all some sort of test? Well, motor mouth, do your thing.
“I took the request for the money, but also because I wanted to challenge myself. There are no other requests in the Runner’s Guild I could have taken, either. I am being blocked from other deliveries by fellow Runners, and this is the only request I could take.”
“Hm. I see. How very mundane.”
He shakes his head. In my head I’m sort of annoyed. It’s nice to know even an archmage former athlete can be an arrogant jerk.
“Very well, then tell me: where do you come from? I have not seen features nor skin color such as yours on this continent for…a long time. Where were you born?”
Ah, now the hard questions come. But I’m ready for this. Well, not this obviously but after meeting Lady Magnolia I thought of the best way to deal with someone who can tell whether you’re lying, or compel you to tell the truth. Either way, the only deception is in part of the truth.
“I was born in Oakland, California.”
He pauses. A brief frown creases the mage’s face.
“I am not familiar with either name. What nation does this Oakland California hail from?”
“America.”
“Hm. Another new nation. How troubling.”
The man strokes his silvery beard. Then he shakes his head.
“I suppose it doesn’t matter. Now, I wish for you to answer this question freely, but also honestly.”
He points at me.
“My spells of appraisal and identification told me nothing of your class or level when I cast them. And yet you are neither undead nor construct, and you are entirely human. Why can I not see your class?”
At last, it seems like I can say what’s on my mind. I work my jaw and open my mouth for a few nice obscenities.
“—”
…Well damn. It looks like I still can’t just insult him, and I need to tell the truth. Fine. I look the mage in the eye and talk.
“I stopped myself from leveling. You can’t see my class because I don’t have one.”
For the first time since I’ve laid eyes on his face, the man looks genuinely startled. He tilts his head to peer more closely at me, and I notice that he has pointed ears. Oh. Of course.
“You have no level? And you refuse to accept a class? Why?”
“I don’t like being controlled. And I think—yeah, I think that classes and levels are a way for the world or some system to control people. I want no part of it. And—it feels like cheating.”
Again, I’m treated to an expression of frank incredulity. It’s the first time I’ve ever articulated my feelings as well, and even I’m surprised by my answer. Cheating. I guess that’s really one of the big reasons why I don’t like the entire basis of this world. But people level or die, which is probably why I’m getting the fish-eye from him.
“You refused to level up. Is that possible?”
