1.09 R
Page 5
Perril Chandler? That’s a far cry from Az’kerash. But since I can still talk, I guess it’s time to ask as much as I can.
“Who is this guy?”
The man eyes me again, as if I should know. I shrug and he sniffs and shakes his head.
“He is a powerful mage. A [Necromancer], to be exact. But I believe he would be most easily identifiable by appearance. His hair is pale white, as is his skin. His eyes are violet. Although—he may use illusion spells to conceal such features when moving about.”
Oh fuck.
Silver-beard strokes said beard again and pauses. He seems to think for a moment and then nods.
“I suppose the easiest way would be to go wherever the undead are most prevalent. He has an army. A kingdom of the dead, to be exact.”
Oh fuck. Oh geez. Oh gods almighty and deceased tap-dancing on my unmarked grave. That does not sound like a survivable request.
The old mage is already turning away, but I can’t just take that and run off. I clear my throat and he turns and reluctantly looks back towards me..
“Speak.”
“Ah. If this guy—Az’kerash is surrounded by the dead, how am I supposed to get to him without being killed?”
He looks annoyed at the question, or perhaps my stupidity.
“Naturally his bodyguards will attempt to slay you. No doubt they regard all living beings as a threat. You must simply make your way to him, regardless of the peril. Besides, most of the animated dead are slow and easy to outrun.”
“Yeah, but they have arrows. How am I supposed to dodge those?”
“You are a Runner, are you not? Can you not simply outrun arrows?”
“…No. I can’t outrun spells either, and I’ve seen undead mages. I won’t survive more than a few seconds if I run into a Lich by myself.”
Silver-beard looks put out. He tugs at his beard again, almost as if he wants to rip it off.
“Confounded hair—I suppose I should have expected as much from a human Runner. Very well. If that is the case…”
He trails off. Looks like he’s deep in thought, but I still have more questions. I clear my throat and his brows snap together as he glares at me.
“Why can’t you just send the package or whatever it is with magic or something? Is it too heavy to transport? Because if it is—”
“Magic is not the solution here. The one I wish to deliver a letter and small item to—he is shielded from location or communication from any form of spell, either malign or beneficial. As am I. I cannot discern his location nor speak with him save through the slowest of methods, which is why I requested a Runner. Thus, I will also require your return to report success.”
Even better. I really should not open my big mouth.
“I barely survived getting here. I probably won’t a second time. And if finding this [Necromancer] is as dangerous as it sounds—”
“I heard you. Be silent.”
Well, there goes speech. I helplessly stand and watch as the old man talks to himself.
“This is why…Humans…it cannot be helped. Hm. A Courier would have been far more preferable. But if the issue is simply a matter of survival and speed, I suppose…”
He looks around. Then he points and beckons. From a corner of the cavern I can’t see a bottle flies into his hand. Mages can use the Force. Who knew?
Silver-beard holds the bottle out to me. I stare at it. It’s an orange—no, a glowing orange-pink mixture contained in a glass bottle. It looks like nothing I’d want to put in my body, but my hand reaches up to take it anyways.
“Here. Take this as your fee for delivery. As to your fee for arriving here, albeit injured—”
