1.09 R
Page 7
He points again, and the circle glows. I wonder if he needs to chant spells like some of the mages I’ve seen. But then – this guy seems to be head and shoulders above every other mage, so I guess words are optional.
At last, the mage nods. The magic runes at my feet begin to glow brightly.
“The spell will take you to the heart of the city. Go, and carry out my request as soon as you are able.”
“Thanks for the encouragement.”
He waves his hand at me, and then pauses. Reluctantly, he looks at me as the glowing magic circle at my feet begins to shine with multiple gradients of light.
“I suppose it would violate the basic rules of hospitality not to inquire. So tell me Runner—what is your name? I am Teriarch.”
I grin at him. Well, I guess I can go for one parting shot. The runes at my feet glow—and I feel myself being dragged away by something massive. I open my mouth and say two words.
“Ryoka Griffin.”
Then I’m gone.
 
—-
 
Teriarch stopped and stared at the place where the Human known as Ryoka Griffin had just been. Desperately, he reached out but even with magic she was already out of his grasp. Short of casting multiple undirected spells that would teleport quite a bit of the city back here, she was gone.
Cursing silently in his own language, Teriarch berated himself for not observing basic etiquette. True, it was with a Human but—how was he supposed to know it was that exact Runner who would show up on his doorstep?
Ah, well. He knew her face, and that would make her marginally easier to locate. Teriarch was still unclear what strange power shielded her from his scrying spells, especially since Ryoka had no magical power or even classes of her own. She was a strange human, but now he understood part of Reinhart’s fascination with her.
It would be a truly problematic occurrence if she were to die delivering his message. If he’d known it was her he would have given her another item of far greater ability. If she died, Magnolia would have his hide.
That was one of his concerns. The other was that either the earth had lowered again in the last few years, or he’d miscalculated the exact coordinates of the city of Celum. To be more accurate, he’d been spot on in every geographical specification except one—
Altitude.
Teriarch winced as in his magical view of the city of Celum he saw Ryoka appear. She was more or less in the center of the city as he’d claimed, but she was definitely too high up. He watched her plummet down out of the sky from roof-height.
“Oops. Ah, well. This is why humans use healing potions after all.”
He turned. Ryoka would live, and he was busy. Teriarch made it a few steps, and then tripped again. This time it was over his robes. He growled.
“Flayed scales and hoard blight!”
 

