1.09 R
Page 3
I shrug. It’s the only thing I can do movement-wise that counts as a response.
“I can cancel the level up if I think hard enough. So it’s clearly possible.”
Alright, that little bit of sass made me feel better. He shoots me a frosty look.
“That was a rhetorical question; you need not answer. Although—you probably don’t even know what I’m talking about, do you? Human education being what it is—”
For a moment the mage’s eyes trail off. I’m pretty damn sure now that he isn’t human, but he seems to refocus on me and suddenly his attitude shifts. From being the imperious mage he becomes something like what I’d expect an old lecture-style college professor to be like. He walks around me, talking half to me, half to the air.
“You see, the rhetorical question was first invented by the Dragons. Only naturally. Of course, Elves and Dwarves adopted the practice, but it was Dragon-kind that first thought of a question that had no need for an answer. Elves were too in tune with nature; they expected answers to pop up, possibly from the rocks and trees they talked to. Dwarves on the other hand are literal creatures. If they ask you a question they demand an answer. Humans on the other cl—hand…”
He broke off, shaking his head and sighing.
“But I forget my audience. You don’t even know what I’m talking about, do you?”
He’s still an arrogant ass. But I get the distinct impression he’s also starved for company. Well, I can still answer back so let’s see if I can’t continue this. Even if swearing is out of the question, I’m great at getting under people’s skin. It’s practically one of my Skills – [Being a Smart-mouthed Jerk].
“I know what a rhetorical question is.”
He waves a hand at me and shakes his head pityingly.
“Yes, yes. I’m sure you do. Ah, I’d forgotten how humans exaggerate and lie.”
Does he forget I can’t lie at the moment? I try to glare, but my facial muscles still aren’t working.
“Would I really be that much of an idiot that I’d lie about knowing what a rhetorical question is?”
“Well of course, I would assume—”
Pause. I enjoy the look on his face for a few seconds before he gives me a flat-lidded stare. Well, if I died at least I died doing what I do best. You can put that on my gravestone*.
 
*Ryoka Griffin, 1995 – 2016. “Never knew when to shut up.”
 
“Ah. I see that you are marginally more intelligent than the others I have met. Very well then, perhaps you will be able to answer my next question as well.”
He gestures, and from out of nowhere a map flies over and unfurls itself in the air. It’s a real map, old and dusty. I really want to sneeze but I can’t. It stays motionless in the air as the mage shows me a map of the continent. Damn. I really wanted to see the world map.
Mr. Mage taps the old parchment with one finger.
“I wish to know of any ongoing major wars between multiple nations, new technologies or spells developed, legendary monsters sighted or slain—import of that nature. Tell me all the news you have heard of in the past several years or so. What has transpired while I have been…secluded here?”
Oh boy, I’m going to love this. I give him the most casual shrug possible and spread my arms out.
“Dunno.”
“Excuse me?”
“I don’t pay attention to world news. You probably know more about what’s going than I do.”
Blink, blink. Oh yes, score one for Ryoka Griffin*.
 
*He’s still up by a few hundred thousand points, though.
 
Again, the mage harrumphs and glares at me, but his truthiness spell on me is working and both he and I know it. He sighs, tugs at his beard again and tries a different tack.
