1.09 R
Page 6
Another gesture, and a shower of gold swirls up into the air and down into a bag he holds out in his hand. Despite the amount of money, the bag doesn’t even ripple as the coins flow into it.
The mage hands me the bag and I find myself placing it at my hip.
“The potion is a concoction that will enhance your speed greatly. Do not drink it all at once. A single dose should suffice for any monster, undead or otherwise that you encounter. With it, you should be able to reach Perril Chandler more or less intact. Be sure not to confuse mana potions with health potions either. Your mana poisoning was most inconvenient to deal with.”
Oh. Was that what it was? Damn. It all makes sense now. No wonder I wasn’t healing. But I could have sworn Ceria gave me the right potions.
“Was the mana poisoning bad? If so—thank you, I guess.”
Silver-hair raises his eyebrows as if surprised.
“Mana poisoning? You would certainly not have died from the amount of mana you imbibed. Violent illness, fever, and uncontrollable bodily excretion would have been the worst you would have suffered over the next few days if I had left it alone.”
Wow. Suddenly I’m really glad he took the time to heal that.
“Was it intentional? If you were attempting to augment your body, I must tell you it was done poorly. A minuscule increase to your diet is the only way to properly acclimatize the human body to magic. Not that I would expect modern mages to know how to naturalize magic within themselves.”
Okay, if my ears could move they would definitely perk up at that. And I’d love to ask more questions, but suddenly my employer seems eager to have me gone. He shakes his head and flicks his fingers at me.
“Regardless, do not injure yourself unnecessarily while fulfilling my task. Take this letter and this ring.”
Two more objects fly out of nowhere and the mage hands them to me. The first is a scroll, tightly sealed with wax. The second is a small ring made of what looks like silver and an onyx gem. I say ‘looks like’, because when my hand closes over the metal it feels warm, and both gem and metal seem to be shining from within. Magic. It looks amazing, though.
The old man eyes me sternly and points to both items.
“Do not wear the ring, or you will suffer excruciatingly. The same goes for opening the letter, is that clear?”
“Crystal.”
He eyes me again and shakes his head.
“I trust you will do your best to survive. Retrieving my gift and message would be inconvenient.”
“Nice to know you care. I guess I should just see myself out, then?”
“And waste time? No. I will expedite the first leg of your journey. Regardless of my healing, you will need several days no doubt to fully recover from the magic used and prepare for the journey ahead of you. Do not delay.”
He points at the ground at my feet. I nearly jump out of my skin as an intricate circle of countless interconnected shapes and runes appears at my feet.
Oh, apparently I can move now. But Silver-mane scowls at me and my feet immediately shuffle back into the center of the circle.
“What—what is this?”
“A teleportation spell. Have you not—but of course, I suppose your mages are too weak for that. Now, where do you live?”
“Celum. But hey, I can run back. The potion you gave me—”
“Do not waste its effects. It is worth far more than the gold I gave you. Now, this city Celum – it is not too far from here, yes?”
“Less than a hundred miles. Not too far, yeah.”
He seems immune to sarcasm. The mage strokes at his beard as he talks to himself.
“Celum? Celum…ah. I believe I remember the general vicinity.”
