1.09 R
Page 1
*I don’t know what that actually feels like firsthand but—it’s like my entire body is being shocked, and not just in a bad way.
 
A mage. Or maybe the word sorcerer or wizard applies here. Because if this guy is a mage, he’s an archmage or a magus.
The mysterious old mage-guy crooks one finger upwards at me.
“Stand, please.”
I push myself up and onto my feet easily, again sans pain or the gaping holes in my body I know should be there. Why?
Now that I’m on my feet I see I’m also shorter than this man by at least a few inches. And I’m six foot one. He’s tall, handsome, and even if his skin isn’t dark it’s—
I blink for a second. Odd, I could have sworn his skin was white, but it’s darker than that. He looks…middle eastern? Yeah, a moderate olive brown whitened by a long time out of the sun maybe. But I could have sworn he had white skin when I first saw him.
 
His scales glow in the light. The golden dragon looks at me and—
 
No—it’s the light. I want to look up, but the light is changing in the room, somehow. It’s as if there’s a massive color filter over the room, making everything appear different. Is there a massive mirror or something…?
But then the mage looks me up and down and I realize something else is wrong. Namely, something is wrong with my clothes.
My flesh is healed, but the fabric is weak. And when a bunch of pterodactyl-type birds start trying to shred you from above and Gargoyles are spitting stone chunks at you, a wardrobe malfunction is sort of inevitable.
One of the stone shards must have cut me on the right shoulder, because my bra strap’s been sliced in two. That wouldn’t be so bad—except that an important part of my shirt is missing too. Right around the chest area.
It’s cold in the cavern. But the old guy gives my breast one dismissive look and sighs. He doesn’t even seem vaguely interested, which annoys me more than I feel relieved he’s not some pervert-sorcerer*.
 
*Look, obviously I care about the dignity of women. Anyone whistling at me on the street I have an urge to throw into a trashcan. But when nakedness occurs, you expect at least some kind of reaction out of any male, gay or straight or asexual. Even if it’s covering their eyes and turning away politely, or staring like a monkey. But this guy doesn’t even blink. Even a blind guy would be happier to be told there was a naked woman in front of him. Respect is very important, but I’d like some acknowledgement I’m more important than a rock.
 
“Ah, of course. Clothing.”
He tsks and raises a finger. I’d really love to dodge or ask what he’s doing, but I’m helpless.
“[Repair].”
His finger doesn’t even glow. Unlike when Sostrom repaired my iPhone, I can see no flash of magic. But magic does happen.
In an instant my bra strap slithers back over my shoulder and reconnects itself. I feel without being able to turn my head my clothing growing to cover the missing spots, sealing over in a matter of seconds.
That felt…incredibly creepy. But I’m happier not to be catching a cold and the old mage seems happy too. He nods, once. Then he looks at me again.
“Human, be silent and still. Do not speak or move save that I require a response. I will ask you questions and you will answer to the best of your abilities, promptly and audibly. You will perform no magic, and act in no violent ways while you are in my home.”
He pauses. Wow. Most people just say hello when they meet me, or ask me if I want a pair of shoes.
“Also, do not defecate, befoul, or otherwise sully this place in any way, shape or form. And stand up straight.”
