1.10 R
Page 0

Ryoka sat in an inn and munched on her potatoes and stewed meat. She felt guilty about it, but the dinner menu hadn’t exactly been diverse with options and she was hungry. Still, she felt guilty.
Her plate was about 80% potato and 20% meat. And it wasn’t great meat at that. The potatoes actually weren’t that bad – the people here spiced it up pretty strong with their unique blend of peppers and herbs so it was palatable, but it was definitely not the kind of meal a healthy runner should eat.
Plus, this was her second plate. The guilt was real, but Ryoka couldn’t do much about it. She took another bite of the steaming potatoes and tried not to think about dieting or proper nutritional intake.
Normally she avoided carbo-loading unless she was actually going to run a race but…she deserved a treat. Besides she was officially resting at the moment after all the healing she’d been doing. And again, the inn wasn’t serving anything else so she had to make do.
Potatoes and meat, with a lot more gristle than she was used to. Still, it tasted good and she was used to rugged fare, especially when she went camping.
Not modern-day camping, either. Ryoka disdained people who slept in their own car or worse, in a huge trailer they towed to campsites. No, she preferred roughing it with a sleeping bag, enough food for a few days and the bare essentials. That was living.
But she had to admit, it would be nice to have a hamburger once in a while. And fresh vegetables like kale. Right now harvest season had passed and it was late fall (although it certainly didn’t feel that cold), and vegetables were in shorter supply.
More meat, more vegetable, a lot less carb. That would be better. But you got what you paid for. Ryoka sighed and ate another chunk of potato. It wasn’t bad. It just wasn’t great either. At least someone else was enjoying her meal.
Garia finished her third plate of potatoes and meat and took a deep draft from her mug before sighing contentedly. She had a good appetite. Well, she would. Ryoka surreptitiously eyed Garia’s arms and body. She might not have a six pack, but Ryoka hadn’t seen arms that thick on another girl outside of an MMA tournament.
Not that she was muscled like those idiots who used steroids. Garia was just a heavier girl, one who clearly was used to heavy lifting.
“Do you always do the heaviest deliveries?”
Garia paused as she raised her mug to her lips.
“Um, yes. Normally. I mean, I’m not too fast but I can still earn quite a lot on an overnight delivery.”
“Those spices you carried here. All the way from Wales. They were heavy. I saw the size of your pack. Must have been thirty, forty kilos of weight. And you jogged the entire way here?”
Garia shifted and blushed a bit.
“Well, if you distribute the weight properly it’s not that bad. And sometimes I walk a bit if I get tired.”
“Hm. Impressive.”
Ryoka bit into another potato and eyed the browned onions as Garia turned red. She clearly wasn’t used to praise, but Ryoka was impressed by anyone who could run with that much weight.
“The Runner’s Guild requests are a mix between fast deliveries, safe deliveries, and heavy deliveries, right?”
