1.10 R
Page 9
Ryoka nodded. She could do that in a single night. She eyed the rooftops surreptitiously and looked around. Casually, she raised her voice as she talked to Garia.
“I’ll sleep here for the night. Then I might go and head on down. If you want to learn how to fight properly, visit me there.”
“Maybe. I’m not sure what I’ll be doing—or if I want to fight. I don’t like violence.”
Ryoka clapped Garia on the shoulder.
“It’s your choice. But with a punch like that, it would be a shame not to learn how to hit the right way. I’ll teach you next time we meet, how about that?”
It was the first time Garia had ever seen Ryoka being pushy about—anything, really. She agreed she might give it a shot and watched as the barefoot girl jogged back to her inn for the night.
“Martial arts?”
Garia stared down at her fist. It was still callused from her days of long work out in the sun. She made a fist experimentally. It felt clumsy. But Ryoka had been impressed. That was rare enough.
“But all the way to Esthelm. That’s a far…”
But she didn’t have anything else she was committed to doing, and there was always work for someone willing to haul heavy goods long distance. More to the point, it might be better for Garia to skip town as well.
The Runner girl thought about what Persua’s reaction to the day’s events would be. Not to mention the local Adventurer’s Guild. They would not be happy to learn one of their own had been beaten by a civilian, let alone a Runner. Garia shuddered, and thought that maybe she would take a few long distance requests this week. Probably towards Esthelm, but at the very least away from Celum.
She began to slowly jog off back to her own inn. From a rooftop, the [Assassin] watched Garia go. She wasn’t important, but any friend of Ryoka needed to be reported to Magnolia. It was just as well the girl had ended the fight before he’d needed to step in.
Silently, the nondescript man followed Ryoka stealthily back to her inn. It would ordinarily have been a chore protecting the girl from the inevitable reprisal from both Runner and Adventurer’s Guild, but tonight was an exception. All he had to do was wait. Someone else had an appointment with Ryoka Griffin, whether the girl liked it or not.
 
—-
 
Ryoka retired to her room early, and slept for about one hour. Well, slept was a strong word. She napped lightly, waking up when her iPhone quietly set off its alarm.
Having an iPhone was incredibly convenient. She just wished she could cast the [Repair] spell rather than needing a mage to do it. Just another reason to visit Ceria.
It was fully night as Ryoka got dressed. She moved around her room quietly, gathering items while her ears strained for the faintest noise.
Nothing. Well, she hadn’t expected to hear anything. She just hoped her closed curtains were enough to conceal her movements.
Ryoka’s eyes flicked to the window. In Celum – in every city in this world really, the night truly was dark. There were no neon lights or passing cars to provide illumination. And while some lamps and torches provided light on the street, the rooftops and many streets had only the faint moonlight to light the way.
Perfect.
Ryoka didn’t have much. Just some clothes, some money, her iPhone and books. And she’d sold the books she’d already read, so all of her possessions fit neatly into her Runner’s pack. She left a few coins on the table, and opened the window silently.
 
—-
 
