1.10 R
Page 3
He blinked at her while Garia groaned audibly. Fals tried to smile it off, but Ryoka’s expression was deadpan. After a few seconds he stood up awkwardly.
“Well, ah, I’ll be going. It was nice talking to you, Ryoka. And I’ll see you around, Garia.”
He walked around the table and paused for only a second by Ryoka. She heard him whisper just loud enough so she could hear it.
“Watch yourself. Persua left the Guild with her group this morning. She’ll probably try something.”
She glanced up. Fals gave her a Gallic shrug and walked off. Ryoka shook her head in disgust, and then received a sharp kick to her shin. She glanced up.
“You didn’t have to be so rude.”
Garia hissed at Ryoka, her normally amicable face clouded over by a frown. She looked at Fals as the Runner left the inn, disappointed. Then she turned back to Ryoka.
“He was trying to say sorry, Ryoka. Why’d you chase him off?”
“I’m not going to ruin my dinner listening to forced apologies and have him try to find out what I’m delivering. You know that’s what he was here to do.”
Garia hesitated.
“Not—necessarily. He uh—why don’t you like him?”
Ryoka blinked at the sudden change in topic.
“He’s annoying. I hate charmers, and he’s not even that charming to begin with. Whose side is he on, anyways?”
“No one’s. He’s trying to keep the Guild together, Ryoka.”
“By stepping on anyone who gets out of line? Good method. He didn’t stop Persua and her cronies from attacking me—and he’s not going to do it again by the sounds of it.”
“He would if you let him stick around. Fals can’t do anything to Persua except talk to her, but he’s trying to help. He likes you.”
Ryoka raised her eyebrows. She hadn’t expected that. Nor did she quite believe it.
“Good for him, but I don’t need help.”
“Not even with Persua?”
Garia saw Ryoka’s hand tighten on her fork, almost crushing the cheap pot metal.
“Not even with her. I’ll deal with Persua, now that I know what she’s like.”
Garia was doubtful.
“She’s like a dog, Ryoka. Even if you hurt her, she’ll keep coming back. And if you do get her mad, she gets vicious.”
“Oh, she’s like a dog. A female one. And you know what? I’m tired of her shit. If she tries anything again I’ll put her down.”
Ryoka was about to go on, but Garia started frantically signaling her to stop. Ryoka didn’t stop, though. She’d already seen the multiple reflections in her mug, but some things needed saying.
“She’s annoying, stupid, craven, and she doesn’t know how to run. I still owe her a broken leg. If she thinks she can try something else—”
“Hi Persua!”
Ryoka looked up. Persua stood in front of the table, smiling in a not-so-friendly way down at the two Runners. She had her usual group of cronies at her back, and Ryoka spotted a bigger guy behind them.
“Ryoka, Garia! I’m so glad you’re okay! I almost didn’t spot you, but then I saw Garia—she’s impossible to miss even in this crowd—and I decided to say hi!”
Garia turned bright red and looked down at her stack of plates while Ryoka looked up and met Persua’s eyes. A spark of hatred wouldn’t be enough to describe the look that flashed between the two.
Mean girls. Ryoka remembered them from school. Persua was a perfect representation of the school social climber who would tear down anyone she didn’t like.
And like the other girls Ryoka had clashed with, Persua didn’t need an invitation to keep talking. Her eyes flicked to Garia and then back to Ryoka.
“So sorry to interrupt your conversation. Were you talking about me by any chance?”
