1.10
Page 7
“Right. Good. Anyways, we’re the ones with weapons and you’re just a mage. Not a high-level one either, or you’d be teleporting away.”
Klbkch nodded.
“Or destroyed us in a number of ways. The lack of lightning falling from the sky or fireballs confirms this.”
Erin edged behind a table.
“You sure about that? Really sure, I mean?”
Relc grinned at her. It was grin with entirely too many teeth.
“Don’t worry, Miss. He’s no threat or we’d have taken him out when we first realized who he was. Both of us can tell if we’re in danger or the enemy is strong.”
“Really? How?”
Pisces sneered around his cup.
“A keen observer would observe his opponent’s weaknesses and strengths and make assumptions based on their actions and ability. These two on the other hand are just using a skill.”
Relc eyed him. So did Klbkch, but it was more subtle.
“Well, he’s right. We do have skills, both of us. They’re part of our classes, although in my case I’ve got [Dangersense] and Klbkch learned [Appraise Foe]. My scales aren’t itching, so your Human friend here isn’t that good at magic.”
“He’s not my friend.”
“But he’s Human.”
“That’s—”
Erin struggled for words. Meanwhile Pisces’s sneer deepened and he curled his lip, oblivious to the danger.
“Spoken like a truly ignorant fool. What would you know of magical mastery? My powers may not lie in mere confrontation, but I assure you, I have more power in my fingernails than you have in your entire, brutish, body.”
Relc surged to his feet.
“Okay, that’s it. Close your eyes Miss—”
For one moment Erin wasn’t sure if she wanted to get between Relc and Pisces or duck out of the way. Klbkch made the decision for her. He grabbed Relc and pulled him back. Not easily; but there was more strength in those wiry ant arms that Erin would have guessed.
“Relax. I would prefer not to damage this establishment. Nor would the owner, or even you, I suspect.”
Relc hesitated. He looked at Erin, who decided to add her support of denial.
“Yeah, let’s calm down before someone gets hurt. Like me.”
Erin grabbed the jug of blue juice and began filling cups. Relc accepted a glass, drained it, and then sipped at the refill.
Erin went to fill his glass but Pisces shielded it with one hand.
“No—no need, good Mistress Solstice. I am quite satisfied at the moment.”
Relc was still glaring daggers at Pisces.
“Peh. You should drink. It’ll be the last tasty thing you eat in a long time. Actually, what am I saying? This stuff’s way too good for you. Just remember what you’re missing when we lock you away.”
“If you can.”
Erin eyed Pisces. He was still sneering, and she wasn’t sure why. If she was any guess Relc was two seconds away from turning his face into raw beef.
Relc scowled. He closed his hand and Erin watched his entire arm ripple. She’d seen ripped guys before of course which wasn’t that impressive, but this—
“Last I checked, you were within arm’s reach. That means your fancy spells aren’t going to do a thing before I hit you hard enough to make your brains pop out. Trust me. I’ve done it before.”
Again, Pisces didn’t seem affected by Relc’s threat.
“I am a powerful mage far beyond your capabilities. Even if your paltry skills cannot detect my capabilities, you would do well to be wary of my hidden capabilities.”
Klbkch moved his head slightly. His expression didn’t change, but then, there wasn’t much to change.
“Such as?”
Pisces drew himself up in his chair slightly.
