1.10 R
Page 6
Again he went down. Ryoka wanted to stomp on his face or kick him in the nuts or both—but something flew at her head. She struck the mug down with one hand and glanced up. Persua glared and threw another glass which missed Ryoka by miles.
Her moment of inattention cost Ryoka. Arnel surged upwards and she was too slow to get away. He seized her left and began punching at Ryoka. She hammered at his face, but he wouldn’t let go.
He was strong. She couldn’t break free just by pulling, not that she had any intention to. Arnel hit Ryoka twice in the side of the face—not hard because he couldn’t get a good angle. She’d bloodied his nose and got him twice on the face, but he now pulled back for a big punch.
There was no way to get away. Ryoka got ready. She’d take the punch and then hit him with a knee. Hopefully she wouldn’t kill him or break anything too vital, but enough was enough.
She braced herself for a hit to her ribs. Arnel swung—
And Garia grabbed his hand.
All of the man’s momentum carried him forwards, but Garia was a tree that he crashed into. He fought to get her to let go, but Garia had hold of his hand with her own and her grip was like steel.
It was a three way tug-of-war with Arnel holding Ryoka and Garia holding him. Not for long, though. The instant his attention shifted to Garia, Ryoka acted. She clocked the man with a downwards elbow so fast he’d let go and she was away before he could blink.
“Calm down! Everyone calm down!”
At last Ryoka could hear what Garia was saying over the roaring of blood in her ears. Arnel was still cursing at her, tugging at Garia’s arm and Persua was shouting for her friends to help him. But the other Runners didn’t want to get close, especially once they saw how Garia was effortlessly holding the bigger man back.
“Let go, damn you!”
“Come on, we can work this out—”
Ryoka tried to move to block, but Arnel’s fist caught Garia on the mouth even as she was talking. The bigger girl stumbled and he wrenched his hand free. Triumphantly, Arnel turned on Ryoka and raised his fists.
Garia stumbled, put her hand to her face, and looked up at the other man as Ryoka danced back. Her eyes burned, and she stood up. Garia made a clumsy fist, and then moved forwards.
Ryoka was playing tag with her fist, and Arnel’s face was it. He still wasn’t going down or even slowing, but then a planet interposed itself between her and the adventurer. Garia. Arnel raised his hands for a hammer blow, but too late. Slow as she was, the other Runner was in the way. And then it happened.
Garia threw a punch.
It was slow. Ryoka saw the other girl telegraph the motion, and she had terrible form. But when she hit the adventurer he made a sound. Or rather his body made a sound.
Wumph.
Ryoka had never seen someone’s feet leave the floor from a punch. Arnel levitated for a second, and then touched the ground as Garia’s fist let him down back to earth. He folded up and down like a sack of potatoes.
He was out. Completely out, without even a chance to object. Ryoka blinked down at the adventurer and saw the chain mail had deformed around Garia’s punch. The other girl rubbed at her hand and shook her head as the noise died down.
Once Arnel fell, the other Runners realized it was time to go. Persua had slipped out the door before the fight had even ended. Her minions made to follow suit, but Ryoka caught one of them and threw him into a table. She managed to punch another girl hard enough to bruise her cheek, and then they were gone.
 
—-
 
