1.10 R
Page 2
“They’re all out of the city. Calruz came by and gathered all the members. Apparently they’re going to Esthelm to prepare to enter the ruins in Liscor.”
“Oh.”
Ryoka’s expression didn’t alter noticeably, but she swore internally. She raised her mug to her lips, opened her mouth to ask another question, and this time swore externally.
“Damnit.”
Fals walked across the inn, flashing a smile at one of the barmaids and clasping hands with someone he recognized. He stopped at Ryoka’s table and hesitated. There were three chairs, but Ryoka’s foot had magically appeared in the third seat.
“Ryoka, how are you? I was hoping I could talk to you!”
“Were you?”
Ryoka stared as Fals dragged up another chair and sat next to Garia, who blushed and edged away from him. She wasn’t quite glaring – mainly because Garia was kicking her none-too-gently in the shins and trying to get her to play nice. She didn’t feel like playing nice.
“I just wanted to congratulate you on your delivery. Everyone in the city’s talking about it.”
“Good for them.”
Garia glared, and Ryoka toned down the rampant hostility in her voice. Fals cleared his throat, looking abashed.
“Look, I’m ah, sorry about earlier. We didn’t part on the best of terms, did we?”
Ryoka stared. Fals hesitated, and then went on.
“The Guild—and I—would like to apologize. Clearly, you’re a great Runner and we’d hate to lose you. We’ll talk to Magnolia, and if you’d like to take on more requests we’ll be happy to let you take any one you want.”
Mentally, Ryoka translated his statement. Since she’d won and she didn’t need the Guild, they’d decided to take her back. Well, she could live with that. And so would the Guild.
She didn’t respond, though. Instead, Ryoka slowly and deliberately took a big bite of potato and chewed slowly as she stared down Fals. It was awkward as hell, but she enjoyed his discomfort.
Fals cleared his throat and glanced at Garia, but the other girl was trying not to make eye contact with him and wolfing down her food.
“So, um, how were the High Passes? Did you see a lot of monsters or were you able to outrun them?”
“Saw a lot of monsters. Nasty ones.”
“Really?”
“Yep.”
“…Any interesting ones?”
Ryoka shrugged.
“Gargoyles, birds with teeth, killer goats, and wolf packs. You’d love it there.”
“Ah. Well—well done on avoiding them. What about the client? I take it you got the request from him in person, right? What was he like? Or is it a she?”
Garia looked up, curious. Ryoka glanced around. She felt like several nearby patrons on each table were listening. She nodded to herself and then looked at Fals.
“Confidential.”
“Ah.”
The conversation stalled. Well, it hadn’t really been going that well in the first place and Ryoka bluntly shot down all of Fal’s attempts to ask about the High Passes or her delivery. At last, he leaned forwards and gave Ryoka his most charming smile.
“I know you’re still recuperating, but I’d love to go on a delivery with you sometime. Maybe you, me, and Garia could do a request?”
“Maybe.”
That was Ryoka’s way of saying no, and all three Runners knew it. Fals didn’t falter though.
“Is there um, anything I can do for you? I know you’re probably still mad, but I’d love to make it up to you. Would you say, let me buy you a few drinks?”
Ryoka thought about this while Garia tried to signal her to say ‘yes’ covertly. She nodded at last.
“There is something you can do.”
Fals smiled in relief.
“Really? Well then, what is it?”
Ryoka nodded.
“You can clear out. I’m talking to Garia.”
