1.10 R
Page 5
Ryoka stood up. She was actually taller than Arnel, and when she pushed back her chair, the inn went silent. She still had her mug in her hands. Arnel was trying to come up with a good threat, but Persua backed away as Ryoka raised her mug to her lips.
She took a sip of her drink – mainly just for show – and then tossed the rest of her mug’s contents in the adventurer’s face. He blinked as watery ale ran down his face. Garia’s face was a waxwork. Persua smiled evilly.
The adventurer was still shifting from shock to outrage when Ryoka decked him with a spinning backhand. He crashed to the ground and she tossed the mug at Persua. Not hard – well, okay, hard enough that the other girl had to duck before the container broke her nose, but not hard as Ryoka could have tossed it. The cheap pottery shattered to bits and Ryoka waited for Arnel to stand back up.
“You craven whore!”
He shouted as he rushed at her. Ryoka waited patiently as he came at her. She’d already moved far enough away from the table and cleared the chair from behind her.
The adventurer rushed at her, over a hundred—maybe two hundred pounds of angry guy. Ryoka shifted her weight and timed her strike. When the adventurer was only a few feet away she moved.
Ryoka balanced on one leg while her other extended. She didn’t quite kick—it was more like a push. A powerful push that broke the adventurer’s charge and sent him stumbling back.
He came back, of course. They always did. But by that point Ryoka had the room, leverage, and timing to set up her roundhouse. It came up and across his chest, making a dull thudding sound as it struck him.
The adventurer gasped, lost the air in his lungs and stumbled back. But he didn’t fall down.
Ryoka tried not to wince. She’d hit him hard, but he was wearing something hard underneath his clothing. Chain mail? It felt like she’d kicked that.
Quickly, before he could move she snap-kicked him in the chest. It wasn’t a Muay Thai move – but she didn’t have enough room for anything else.
This time Arnel fell down, but he got up at once. Ryoka grimaced and hopped back as he swung at her. She threw a punch, but he caught it and lashed out at her face.
Ryoka caught his fist on an arm and felt the heavy blow. Damn. This wasn’t good. Now Arnel was really mad, and he was swinging wildly at her. She dodged and weaved backwards, but she had little room to maneuver. Plus, Ryoka was on the wrong foot mentally.
She wasn’t used to people getting up after she hit them.
Dodge, dodge—Ryoka threw a counter and hit him squarely on the jaw. But he was tough, and when he struck back he finally landed a blow.
Ryoka felt the impact on her head and twisted her neck, but it still hurt. She backed up, and the adventurer came at her. She tried to keep him back with punches, but he was more than willing to trade hits.
He kept rushing her, and the tables and chairs made it nearly impossible for Ryoka to weave and dodge like she’d been taught. She instead raised her hands up around her head, forming a guard on both sides of her head. It was a traditional Muay Thai guard, but the problem was the adventurer wasn’t trying to hit or kick her that much.
He was a guy, and she had the definite sense he didn’t want to hit her so much as take her down. He kept trying to go for the bear hug. She let him get close, but grabbed his shoulders and swept his feet out as he lunged.
