1.10
Page 4
“Not entirely. I do believe my companion would earn a small fee for directing any business to his associates.”
Relc glared at Klbkch.
“Shut up. Do you have to ruin everything I say?”
“I am merely pointing out the truth.”
“Well…stop it.”
Erin had to smile as the two began bickering. However, she was the only one amused. Across the inn Pisces drained his mug and plonked it down on the table.
“If we’re done with the lovely chatting, my glass is empty. Isn’t attending to one’s customers part of my service?”
Erin glared. Relc glared too. Klbkch—well, she still couldn’t read the ant man’s expression, but he definitely gave off a silent air of disapproval.
“Nice customer you’ve got here.”
“Yeah. Hey—shut up!”
Pisces raised his brows.
“How discourteous. I believe I shall bring my business elsewhere next time.”
“I don’t want it anyways. Besides, you tried to rob me last time. You’re here on sufferance, and because I feel bad for you.”
He sighed and rolled his eyes heavenward. Erin sniffed and debated whether she should refill his glass anyways, but felt a sharp poke at her side. She screamed and jumped.
“Sorry.”
“Don’t—don’t do that!”
Erin rubbed at where Relc’s claw had poked her.
“Sorry. Again. But…you said rob? As in, that guy over there tried to rob you?”
Relc’s voice was a low hissing whisper as he glanced over as Pisces. He needn’t have bothered, though. Pisces was still engrossed in his cup. Erin grinned maliciously and whispered back.
“Yeah. Last night I was visited by a scary monster. But when I hit it with a pa—pot, it turned out just to be him.  So I got him to pay up for scaring me and the food.”
“Extorted.”
“Shut up! You’re lucky I didn’t just toss you in the stream and let the fish eat you!”
“And…you let him come back for breakfast?”
“Well, it’s not like he’s dangerous. Just annoying.”
“And you didn’t think to report him to anyone?”
“Like who?”
Erin stared blankly at Relc. He stared at her. Klbkch finished his plate of noodles and set down his fork. Then he stared at Erin too.
“Oh. Oh. I forgot. And besides, you weren’t here yesterday.”
Klbkch nodded.
“Very true. Our absence was most lamentable. But allow us to perform our duty now. Incidentally Mistress Solstice, the pasta was delicious.”
“Yeah, it’s great! Hold on.”
Relc grabbed the fork and started shoveling the pasta in his mouth. He was able to cram nearly half the plate down his throat in one huge gulp, and munched down the rest in seconds. Erin stared with fascinated horror and a tiny bit of envy as he gobbled.
That done, Relc exchanged a glance with Klbkch. Then he turned to Pisces.
“Hey you!”
Pisces looked up with a scowl. He glared at Relc and made an irritable harrumph.
“Do you want something? I don’t do magic upon request. If you seek a certain spell, I would be happy to discuss my remunerations…later.”
“Really?”
Relc grinned in his seat.
“How about you do the magic spell where you turn into a monster? I’d love to see that. Or better yet, do you have a spell to get out of trouble? Because you’re going to need one now.”
Pisces’s face went blank. His eyes flicked to Erin, and then back to Relc and Klbkch.
“Ah. I see the good innkeeper holds a grudge. Well, I’m not sure what she told you two, but I assure you, I have compensated her more than adequately for my…mistake. It’s nothing two soldiers need concern themselves with.”
“Oh, but it is, it is! And you’re wrong, by the way.”
“About what?”
Relc exchanged a glance with Klbkch. He grinned. Or rather, his mouth opened and she showed Pisces his teeth.
“We’re no soldiers. We’re guardsmen.”
“Ah.”
