1.10 R
Page 7
The aftermath of a tavern brawl was never fun, especially when you had an innkeeper screaming at you. But Arnel had money – barely enough to cover the costs – and Ryoka wasn’t about to pay for something she hadn’t started. Well, she had started it, but she still wasn’t going to pay.
The upshot of it was that Garia and Ryoka were kicked out of the inn, at least for the rest of dinner. They walked down the street, Garia talking excitedly to Ryoka.
“You were amazing! He barely touched you the entire time!”
“Eh. I should have knocked him out in the first few moments. He was tougher than I thought. Got me a few times.”
Gingerly, Ryoka touched at her cheek and arms. Bruises. Not too deep, but annoying. She deserved them, though, for being so sloppy.
“But the way you moved! He was an adventurer, and you treated him like some kind of Level 1 [Thug]! How’d you do it?”
“Oh, it’s just martial arts. A bit of Muay Thai and other styles.”
Ryoka glanced at Garia’s blank face and elaborated.
“It’s a way to fight unarmed. You learn how to kick, punch, throw, etc. properly.”
“Really? This Muy—muy tai thing is good? Is it a Skill?”
Ryoka wanted to groan or roll her eyes.
“Not a skill. It’s something you learn, not a class or anything. I learned it when I was a kid. You could learn it too.”
“Really? Well, I mean, I’d love to know how to move like that. You were amazing back there! You’re practically good as an adventurer yourself!”
Ryoka laughed shortly.
“He wasn’t that great. And martial arts don’t work on monsters. Believe me, I figured that out the hard way.”
“Still, I couldn’t believe it. When you threw the mug in his face I thought we’d have to run for sure. But you took him down!”
Ryoka stopped. She eyed Garia and shook her head with a frown.
“You took him down. With one punch.”
“Yeah, but…”
Garia blushed and shook her head.
“I was just angry. You hit him way more than I did.”
This time it was Ryoka’s turn to object.
“Don’t sell yourself short. That last punch was serious business. I hit that guy several times and he didn’t fall down, but you went right through his chainmail shirt. You’re far stronger than both of us. That last punch you threw was harder than my kick.”
“Well, you know…I carry a lot of heavy things…”
Ryoka realized Garia was turning red, and not because she was happy. The barefoot girl stopped in the nearly empty street and eyed Garia.
“What’s wrong? It was a great punch. Your form was terrible, but being strong’s not a problem.”
“It’s just—it’s just a bit embarrassing, that’s all. You know?”
“No. Explain it to me.”
Garia clearly didn’t want to, but Ryoka wouldn’t let her off the hook. She sighed.
“I’m a [Runner]. And—I know I’m bigger than most girls. I just don’t like talking about my size.”
“You’re fine.”
“I’m glad you think so but—it’s because of my class. And the way I eat, but my class is part of it. That’s why I’m so strong, too, but it’s embarrassing.”
“Why?”
There was no getting out of it. Garia looked around, but there was no one around to hear her. Even so, she lowered her voice.
“Um, I was a [Farm Worker] before I became a [Runner]. I got to Level 14 before I changed classes. That’s why I’m so…so…”
She blushed deeply red. Ryoka looked blankly at Garia.
“So strong? What’s the problem.”
“I’m big, Ryoka! I don’t want to be, but [Farm Workers] bulk up and it’s impossible to lose weight! I don’t want to be big. I want to be small and light like you and—”
Garia looked like she was about to cry. Her face was red and she was starting to stammer. After a moment Ryoka patted her on the shoulder.
