1.10 R
Page 1
“That’s right. Most deliveries people want fast over long distance, like the ones you take. But sometimes they want to make sure no one reads their message so that’s important too. But when they need something delivered quickly—well, faster than by cart or wagon and it’s small enough, we get the heavy requests. I take those, most of the time. It’s safe. No one wants to steal raw ore or a few bags of sugar. The most expensive stuff I carry are weapons and spices.”
“Hm.”
Ryoka wondered just how efficient Runners were compared to a wagon. But then, she’d seen the traffic jams that occurred in cities and how muddy the roads could get. Runners might be expensive, but if you needed something now they were your only real option.
As Ryoka lifted her fork to her mouth she glanced up and saw a man staring at her across the room. He immediately glanced back down at his plate as their eyes met, but he was far from the only one. Several other men and women of various ages glanced away or in a few cases, met Ryoka’s gaze as she looked around the room. Even the barmaids eyed her surreptitiously as they delivered another plate of food for Garia.
Ryoka scowled. Garia noticed the other runner’s expression and realized what was making Ryoka unhappy.
“They’re just interested, Ryoka. There’s no need to look like that.”
“If they’re so interested they can come over and talk or they can bugger off.”
Garia blinked. Sometimes Ryoka used the strangest expressions when she talked, but Garia could usually understand what she meant. The glare Ryoka leveled at her watchers was unmistakable, though. Garia tried to sound reasonable.
“Well, can you blame them? I mean, you are the only Runner to survive the High Passes for years – and without a scratch at that! And when you fell out of the sky—”
“Don’t remind me.”
Ryoka scowled down at her plate and tried not to remember. Her back still ached, even though the healing potions had done their work. At least she hadn’t broken anything again, or landed on her head.
“Damn elfish mage bastard.”
“What?”
“Nothing. Anyways, I didn’t get out unscathed. I got torn up on the way in and I needed serious healing or I would have died.”
“Oh, so you found a healing potion? Ceria was so worried when she realized she’d given you the mana potions.”
“…Something like that. And it’s odd. I could have sworn she gave me healing potions too.”
“She’s really, really sorry, you know.”
“I know. Anyways, it’s both our fault for not double-checking.”
Ryoka scowled at her half-finished plate. Garia fidgeted, clearly wanting to clear Ceria’s name
“She said she tried to contact you several times. Didn’t you um, notice?”
Ryoka glared harder at her innocent plate. She tried not to let her voice get too defensive, but it was hard.
“How was I supposed to know I was supposed to touch those damn fireflies to speak with her? I thought I was being hexed or something.”
“Oh, no. That’s the way students at Wistram Academy communicate, apparently. Ceria doesn’t know other spells so…”
“I get it. I’m not mad at her. Anyways, I survived. It all worked out.”
Except of course that she had more problems than she’d started out with. Ryoka could still feel Teriarch’s words burning in the back of her mind. But she could ignore them, so long as she reminded herself she still needed to prepare. The strange potion he’d given her was locked in Ryoka’s chest upstairs.
“Come to that, where is Ceria? I haven’t seen her. I’d have assumed she’d be right here along with Gerial and Calruz.”
Garia shook her head.
