1.10 R
Page 8
“I’m not light. Well, I am in shape but so are you. What’s wrong with being that strong? Anyways a [Farm Worker] doesn’t sound like that bad a job—class. Why do you care?”
Garia shook her head despairingly. She didn’t know how to explain it.
“It’s not a great class. Or a job, really. Even [Farmers] get more respect since they actually know how to till the land and take care of it properly. I just helped out with the plowing, lifting, and so on. But when I used to tell people what class I was they’d laugh—or they’d figure it out because of how I looked.”
Ryoka didn’t get it. She really didn’t, but it sounded like there was some elitism amongst classes. Class warfare in the literal sense? But she understood the general problem.
“People are bastards no matter what world you’re in. Look, forget about it. That class helped you out if you’re that strong without needing any training, right?”
Garia nodded and sniffed.
“It was helpful. Even if no one likes the class, we get some useful skills. [Lesser Strength] is the first skill most warriors get, but [Farm Workers] get it too. Um, I got that on my second level up. But then there’s [Enhanced Strength] which is what I have, and I’ve heard if you reach really high levels, some people get [Greater Strength].”
“And that’s rare?”
“I’ve never seen anyone with it. But yeah, [Enhanced Strength] only comes to warrior classes around Level 30. The fact that I got it so early on means I’m a lot stronger than normal. I barely feel thirty kilograms of weight.”
“Whoa.”
That was impressive. Ryoka had always guessed Garia was strong, but this afternoon had confirmed it for her. She paused, and thought before asking another question.
“If this skill is so good, why doesn’t everyone become a [Farm Worker] for a while before becoming an adventurer? That seems like the smartest move.”
Garia looked surprised.
“Why would they do that? No one wants to work on a farm. It’s boring and tiring, Ryoka.”
“But for the Skill—”
“You don’t know you’ll get it right away. I just got lucky. Okay, a lot of workers like me get at least [Lesser Strength] quickly, but it depends. Anyways, I worked on my father’s farm until I was eighteen and I only hit Level 14 even though I worked every day from dawn till dusk. It’s not worth it.”
“Ah.”
It sounded—well, it sounded like there was some inefficiency in the way people thought about skills. Ryoka didn’t play many video games, but if she could get this [Enhanced Strength] from working on a farm as a kid, she’d do that. But then again—18 years was a long time it was true.
It was a moot point anyways since Ryoka didn’t intend to level, even if she was jealous of Garia’s strength. But the other girl was clearly embarrassed by her body and her class, so Ryoka let the topic drop.
“At least Persua got taught a lesson, although I missed my chance to break her arm. I’ll have to do it next time I see her.”
Garia winced. She knew Ryoka wasn’t kidding.
“Please don’t. If you do she’ll try something worse.”
“Worse than getting an adventurer to beat the crap out of me? I think I’ll take my chances.”
Ryoka shook her head. She’d have to do something about that girl. Killing her was tempting, but she probably couldn’t get away with it.
“Never mind. I appreciate the help. But I’ve got bigger fish to fry.”
“You’re hungry? I know a good place to eat if you want—”
“I mean, I’ve got stuff to do. Look, you said Ceria’s at Esthelm, right? Where’s that?”
Garia scratched her head as she tried to remember.
“Near the road that goes to Liscor. It’s down south, about sixty miles away?”
