1.10 R
Page 4
Garia flinched, but Ryoka’s expression didn’t change. She nodded, and raised her mug to Persua and smiled a tiny bit.
“Yeah, sorry, I just called you a bitch.”
Persua’s smile vanished in a heartbeat. Garia’s mouth opened in an ‘o’ of horror as she stared at Ryoka.
“That’s not very nice. I’d hate to think you were talking behind my back, Ryoka.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll do it to your face. I’m busy, Persua. Go somewhere else.”
“What if I want to stay? I’ve a right to sit in this inn, same as you.”
“Find another table. But if I were you, I’d get out.”
“Is that a threat?”
“Yeah, pretty much.”
Persua hesitated. She probably hadn’t expected Ryoka to confront her this quickly, but Ryoka knew how the conversation would have gone regardless. She nodded at Persua and her group.
“You lot gonna piss off or do I have to make you leave?”
If Garia could have edged any further back from her table she’d be sitting at the one behind her. For a second Persua and her friends hesitated. They might be Runners and outnumber the two by a good margin, but Ryoka had a certain edge about her. But then someone shoved his way through the group and stood next to Persua.
Ryoka looked up past Persua, and into a solid face. Solid, or ugly, if you wanted to be unkind. The adventurer scowled down at Ryoka and leaned forwards over the table.
“I’d watch your mouth if I were you, Runner. You should show more respect to your seniors and betters.”
Of course. Ryoka stared into murky green eyes and cursed herself for not remembering. Another trick mean girls liked to use when they couldn’t solve things with words and nasty tricks. Run to the biggest boy in the room.
“I don’t know who you are, but you’re in my face. Go away, and take Persua and her crew with you.”
The adventurer blinked. He was doing the classic male trick of crowding Ryoka and it wasn’t working. She wasn’t even leaning back and they were nearly nose to nose.
“This is Arnel. He’s a Bronze-ranked adventurer in Celum.”
Persua smiled from behind the adventurer. She patted Arnel on the shoulder and he straightened and smiled back at her. She made a face when he turned back to glare at Ryoka. It was almost sad to see how obvious her contempt for him was, and how much Arnel was being played. Almost. Ryoka had little sympathy for any guy playing the bully part.
Arnel leaned forwards again, this time towards Garia who shrank back. He glared at Ryoka who stared back at him until he blinked.
“I think you should be a little more respectful for Miss Persua. An apology would be a good start, and I’d insist on it.”
“Or what?”
Garia kicked Ryoka again, hard.
“Or what?”
Arnel looked back at Persua, who laughed shrilly. He smiled hostilely at Ryoka.
“I guess then I’d have to teach you a lesson in manners, Runner.”
“Really? That would be amusing to watch.”
The adventurer’s face went blank for a moment. Again, this wasn’t going according to how his brain had plotted the conversation out. But Persua stepped in to help him. She glared down at Ryoka.
“Arnel’s an adventurer. He’s fought monsters, and slain countless Goblins. You don’t have that oaf of a Minotaur and that freak half-elf to protect you now, Ryoka.”
“Who says I need backup?”
This was too much for the impressionable Arnel. He was aware some of the other inn goers were snickering at him, and even the fat innkeeper was working up the nerve to order him to take the fight outside. He snarled and pushed Ryoka roughly in her seat.
“Look you idiot. I’m giving you only one warning—”
