1.10
Page 2
 
Rain. Rain fell down from the heavens like hail. Well, actually it fell like rain, but these were bigger drops that fell a lot faster and harder than normal. The hammering of rain against the rooftop was nearly deafening.
Nearly. Behind her Pisces set down his knife and fork and sighed loudly. Erin wished he wasn’t here. It wasn’t that she disliked company; she was starved for it. She just wished her company wasn’t him.
“That’s a lot of rain.”
She was talking to herself, but he seemed to take it as an invitation to speak.
“It happens quite often. A natural weather phenomenon, you know.”
Erin turned and glared at Pisces. He raised both eyebrows and held up his cup.
“Another drink if you would. My cup has run dry.”
“Where did you find—stay out of my kitchen.”
“I would be only too happy to. But I fear I was quite parched and if you would be so good…?”
Erin’s eye twitched. But she went and got a cup for herself as well. She didn’t pour his drink, but rather set the pitcher of juice on the other end of the table so he had to reach for it.
“Does it rain like this a lot?”
“Seldom. It’s a seasonal weather pattern. Actually, this is an aberration. Normally it rains for far longer, but someone’s been messing around with the weather. So we’ll have a brief storm, that’s all.”
She glanced at him.
“Messing with the weather? How?”
He smirked at her. She noted with displeasure that he was already on his second cup of blue juice.
“With magic, how else? Some shortsighted fool must have cast a localized weather control spell. Impressive I suppose, but clumsy in execution.”
Erin looked outside.
“Seems impressive to me. I mean, it’s raining hard. Wouldn’t you have to be a pretty powerful sorcerer to do that?”
“The term is mage, Good Mistress.”
“The name is Erin, idiot.”
“Aha. Accept my apologies. But if you are referring to one of my exalted brethren, mage is the best term to use.”
Erin stared at him. He didn’t appear abashed in any way.
“You don’t have wizards or sorcerers or…warlocks? Witches? You’re all just mages?”
“Rather, shall we say that those are titles for mages who meet certain requirements? A wizard is an arcane researcher and true student of the arcane arts. Such individuals are similar to myself, but prefer to study the mainstream branches of magic. Sorcerers on the other hand are quite simplistic and refer to those who educate themselves and have little formal education. Warlocks obtain their powers from other sources such as summoning, while witches practice alchemy along with specialized schools of magic. Thus, mage remains the generally accepted title to refer to all those who practice magic…”
He trailed off. Erin was staring at him.
“Okay. I didn’t need to know all that.”
Pisces shrugged.
“You asked. I was merely fulfilling my role as a guest.”
“Good. For you. So what, a—mage did this?”
“Yes. And it’s not as if this is a particularly difficult task. I realize it may look so to the uninitiated, but a spell like this could easily be cast by a level 30 mage. Less I suppose, if the individual were specialized.”
“So…?”
“As I said, not that impressive. Many mages could cast a spell like this.”
“Can you?”
Pisces paused.
“My specialization lies in other areas.”
“Like dead bodies.”
He avoided her gaze and drained his cup.
“Merely another branch of magic, good mistress Erin.”
Erin stared at him. She opened her mouth, but then the door slammed. Both Erin and Pisces turned as a wet, dark figure sauntered into the inn and threw his arms wide.
“Good morning cold folk, warm-blooded Human and—oh.”
