1.11
Page 0

Erin stood in front of the cupboard and sighed. Loudly.
“Men.”
Erin paused and thought about that word.
“Males. They eat and eat, and eat. And then I have to clean up the dishes. Typical.”
True, she was an innkeeper. Or at least, she kept an inn relatively clean. But that didn’t make her feel better.
“Pantry? Pantry is empty. Food? Food is gone. And money—”
Erin glanced at the pile of coins on the kitchen counter.
“Money is shiny. But uh, inedible. And it’s good to have money, but starvation is an issue.”
Erin stared at the empty pantry. Starvation was a major issue.
“Aren’t there some more blue fruits around here? Here? No…here? Yep. Nice and wrinkled. Lovely.”
She could always get more blue fruits, of course. But there was a limit on how many those trees had left. And there was also a limit to how many Erin was willing to keep hauling back.
“And I’m out of ingredients.”
The flour was gone. The butter was gone. The salt—okay, there was some salt left, and some sugar too. But they were running low in their bags and with the lovely preservation-spell-thing gone they’d probably turn rotten sometime soon.
“So I’m in trouble.”
“So it would appear.”
Erin was sure her heart stopped for a good few seconds. She turned around and looked at Pisces.
“If I had a knife in my hand, I’d stab you.”
He smirked at her. It seemed to be his default mode of face.
“Ah, but what good innkeeper would deprive herself of such a magnificent guest?”
Erin reached for a knife.
“Please, please good mistress, let’s not be hasty!”
Pisces raised his hands quickly and took a few steps back. Erin glared at him. He looked dusty. And dirty. And sweaty.
“Where did you come from? I didn’t hear you come in through the door.”
“I was, in fact, upstairs the entire time. It was the simplest solution given the intelligence of those two brutish guardsmen.”
Erin blinked.
“Good job, I guess. But they’re still going to find you. You’re a criminal and you’ve got nowhere to hide.”
“Except here.”
He raised a hand before Erin could say anything.
“Please, hear me out. Rest assured, I bear you no ill will for reporting my actions to the guard. I fully appreciate the severity of my crimes, however—”
“You want something. What? To stay here? No. Nope. No way in hell.”
“I assure you I would be a quite convivial guest. And I wouldn’t ask for much. In fact, you may be interested to know I am proficient in multiple schools of spellcasting. While Necromancy is a—passion of mine, I have extensively studied the elementalist, alchemical and enchanting schools of magic. My level is over twenty in the general [Mage] class. Even amongst my fellow students, you would be hard-pressed to find a spellcaster as widely capable as I am. I can aid in a number of functions that would improve your inn. And I have money.”
Erin raised two eyebrows. One just wasn’t enough.
“And you’re telling me all this…why?”
He licked his lips.
“In point of fact, I was wondering if I might persuade you to shelter and provide me with my basic necessities while in this moment of dire need. I can provide you with adequate recompense I assure you—”
Erin snorted rudely.
“Right, for how long? Days? Weeks? Months? And I get to feed you, make sure no one finds you, and clean up after you? Again: no.”
“Would you turn away an innocent—”
