1.11 R
Page 8
This is why I hate talking to people. But she smiles as if nothing happened and asks me again.
“I was just wondering if you had any levels in a fighting class, or whether you only had levels as a Runner. Did you enter into any other classes before this?”
Now that is a loaded question that I’m not prepared to answer. I scramble—give up.
“Why do you want to know?”
Yeah, that’s right. I’m about as blunt as a hammer to the face. But Yvlon only smiles.
“Simple curiosity. I’d like to see how well you’d do in a fight. I’m told you’re quite the pugilist despite being a Runner.”
Pugilist? Who the hell uses that term? Oh, right. ‘Boxer’ probably hasn’t been invented yet.
Gerial looks blank. He and the other adventurers at the table exchange a glance.
“What’s a ‘pugilist’?”
Ceria sighed and supplied the answer.
“Boxer.”
All the adventurers nod in sudden understanding. Okay, maybe boxing does exist in this world and Yvlon’s just a prat. Or someone who appreciates literature. I could respect that*.
 
*But I won’t. I’m too tired. And pugilist is a stupid word, anyways.
 
“Who’d you hear that from?”
Word can’t have spread about me laying the beat down on that stupid adventurer in Celum. No way. I literally outran rumor. So how does this woman know who I am and that I can fight?
“I heard it from my aunt twice-removed. She lets me know about interesting people and she told me it would be worth seeking you out.”
All the adventurers seem to understand this, and look at me curiously. But I’m still out of the loop.
“Who’s the aunt? Do I know her?”
Ceria coughed gently, as if I’m making a stupid mistake.
“Yvlon Byres is leader of the Silver Spears, but she’s also part of a noble family, Ryoka.”
I look blank. Ceria sighs.
“The Byres family? Aristocracy?”
“Minor aristocracy.”
Yvlon corrects Ceria with a smile.
“We trade in silver and have several large mines in the area. And we’re distantly related to the Reinharts.”
She says that as if it means something. The who…?
Oh. Ah shit. Magnolia’s last name is Reinhart, isn’t it? That means—
That fucking woman. Even when I think I’ve outrun her she manages to find someone to bother me.
For a moment my scowl flashes across my face and Gerial closes his mouth and sits back. Yvlon eyes me, the smile still fixed on her face.
“I’m sorry if my aunt has bothered you, Ryoka, but she’s quite insistent. And she’s told all of my family—everyone, really, to keep an eye out for her.”
Gerial blinks at Yvlon. Not the quickest on the uptake, and nor are the other adventurers. But the archer-guy—Cervial I think his name was—and Ceria both stare intently at Yvlon. And so does Calruz. I guess he’s pretty quick too.
But if Ceria and Cervial say nothing, Calruz doesn’t have their subtlety. Or any, for that matter. He rests his arm on the table and leans forwards—which is only a little bit since he’s so massive already—to stare down at Yvlon.
“Her business is her own. If Magnolia Reinhart seeks Ryoka Griffin, she should either respect her privacy or seek her outright.”
Yvlon makes a pretty face and shrugs ruefully at Calruz.
“Sorry, Calruz, but no one in my family defies Lady Magnolia. And I wasn’t intending on doing anything to Ryoka. I just wanted to know if she really was good at fighting barehanded.”
“And I suppose you are?”
Again, maybe she’s well known, but everyone gives me a look like I’m a massive idiot. Yvlon smiles.
“I’ve got a bit of a reputation. The Silver Spears are known for fighting with any weapon that comes to hand, and barehanded if need be.”
Sostrom nudges me on my right side and mutters loud enough for me to hear.
