1.11 R
Page 1
Calruz nodded emphatically, but the others didn’t appear convinced. The archer-captain leaned forwards and addressed the table at large.
“Why not let the other adventurers go in first and wait for at least one or two to come back for more insight? This isn’t like you, Yvlon. I could see Calruz wanting to go in, but how’d he manage to talk you into it?”
Yvlon, the woman in silver armor, smiled at the other captain.
“Impatience and daring, Cervial. I was excited as the rest of you when I heard about the ruins. But you’re right. I am moving fast, but not because Calruz managed to talk me into it. I heard there’s a team of Gold-rank adventurers who’ve heard of the ruins. They’re travelling down south and they’ll be here in a week or less.”
That caused a stir at the table. The other captains muttered, and not happily too.
“Well that changes things.”
“Does it? Not in my opinion. The Ruins are still too dangerous.”
“But letting a bunch of golds take all the treasure? That’s different.”
“You think so? That’s not all I’ve heard. And my news is more disturbing.”
This time it was the mage-captain who spoke up. He glanced around the table.
“There’s a Named adventurer in the city right now. You might have heard of her. Gazi the Omniscient.”
All the captains fell silent. They might not have heard of Gazi, but a Named adventurer was different.
Gold-rank was as high as most ranking systems allowed for in any continent. As a general rule of thumb, a Bronze-rank adventuring team wasn’t much better than a group of rookies, while a Silver-rank team was more than a match for a small city’s standing militia. The equipment and magic available to a group of adventurers like the Horns of Hammerad meant that they could take on challenges even a large garrison might not manage.
Beyond that, Gold-rank adventurers were experienced, highly-trained groups that could handle most monster threats with ease. At the top of that grouping, teams of adventurers were equivalent to small armies and could affect disputes between nations.
Some countries had weird ranking systems that extended beyond the gold rank into platinum, adamantium, and so on. But functionally speaking, if an adventuring party or individual reached that level of renown they were no longer ranked.
Instead, they were known as Named adventurers because their names were known throughout the part of the world where they travelled. They were living legends to adventurers with short careers like the Silver-rank captains in the room.
The scarred man with the longsword broke the silence first.
“Well, that’s different. Very different. If a Named adventurer is in the city, there’s probably only one real reason why she’s there. The Ruins. But the real question is: why hasn’t she gone in yet?”
“I’ll tell you why. It’s because she’s being cautious. And if a Named adventurer doesn’t want to go in just yet—”
“She might not have any idea what’s down there. It could be fine.”
“Or there could be monsters that would make the High Passes look like a small bear cave by comparison! No! My group won’t take part.”
“You coward. Where’s your sense of pride as a warrior?”
Calruz raised his voice and aimed it at the captain with the axe. The man flushed red and pushed his chair back angrily, but the mage at his side put a hand on his shoulder.
“None of us are cowards, and you’d do well to remember that before tossing around insults, Calruz. But this changes things.”
“Only if you’re taking the worst view of it.”
This came from the archer-captain. He was thinking, stroking the handle of his bow thoughtfully as he spoke.
