1.11 R
Page 6
I glance up at Gerial. He’s still smiling and trying to be Mr. Nice Guy. Okay, maybe he genuinely is nice, but I still don’t like him as easily as I do Ceria. Probably because he’s a guy and even he can’t resist staring at my breasts once or twice*.
 
*My eyes are up here. Not that I really want people to stare into my eyes. Over my shoulder is nice, but I’m used to them looking at my feet, too. And at least Gerial doesn’t stare much and stops when he realizes he is. That’s the sign of a semi-decent guy, as opposed to the other guy sitting next to him who can’t stop looking at them.
 
Okay, I realize what the problem is. I uncross my arms and stop leaning back in my chair. If you’ve got it, don’t flaunt it unless you want people to think about touching it. Or something.
“I don’t know. They were a lot bigger than normal wolves. And they had red fur.”
And bodies like iron. Gerial looks around. One of the mages sitting next to Sostrom nods.
“Carn Wolves.”
“Got to be.”
Several of the nearby adventurers whistle and Ceria looks pained. Oh yeah, she was really guilty about giving me those mana potions by accident. I told her it all worked out but—
“They were pretty bad. They ate up the Goblins that ambushed me and then got torn to shreds by the Gargoyles and goats.”
The adventurers murmur again and look at each other. Gerial shakes his head and leans forwards, this time meeting my eyes.
“See, Gargoyles I understand. They’re terrifying monsters when you find one holed up in a cave or terrorizing a village. But goats? What do you mean, ‘goats’?”
“Probably the flesh-eating goats, the kind with sharp teeth that can tear even Carn Wolves apart.”
This comes from a guy standing among the other adventurers. He’s got a scar over one side of his face and he’s wearing a longsword at his belt. Which means he’s pretty sparsely equipped compared to the rest of the adventurers who’re walking around in chainmail or wearing leather armor even while they eat.
He nods at me as Gerial and the other Horns turn in their seats.
“Hendric, Silver-rank adventurer. You must be the famous barefoot Runner. Were those the kind of goats you saw?”
I eye him. Despite the crowd now forming around our table, this guy is getting a bit of space and he’s not being shoved. Clearly he’s important.
“Yeah. I guess. They had sharp teeth. And they scream.”
The scarred guy nods grimly.
“That’s them alright. Those goats hunt in packs and can climb anything. They’re village killing monsters. Whenever they leave the High Passes they eat everything edible in their wake for miles around. If you outran them, Miss Runner, consider yourself lucky.”
All of the adventurers seem impressed at this. The scarred man seems to have fought the damned goats more than once, and Gerial and the others start asking him questions about them.
I lean over to Ceria.
“Who’s he?”
She pauses, swallows, and glances at the scarred guy who’s busy talking about how to behead the goats properly.
“He’s Hendric, captain of the Swordlock Dogs. A Silver-rank team, more known up north. He was supposed to be talking to Calruz and the others but—”
“Okay, okay. You got through the monsters, but what was waiting for you at the other end?”
Ceria breaks off as one of the newer members of the Horns of Hammerad interrupts our conversation. Rude asshole. He’s also the youngest guy with scruffy brownish hair. He stares at me and demands to know who I met.
“Who was he? Some rich hermit? A mage living in retirement? A shadowy figure?”
