1.11 R
Page 2
“I might, might be willing to give this a try. The Horns of Hammerad and the Silver Spears together represents a large fighting force. If I throw in my team, we’d have a party big enough to challenge even the deeper parts of the Ruins of Albez.”
“Don’t be stupid, Cervial. You can’t expect these ruins to be the same.”
Cervial shook his head at the speaker.
“I’m not suggesting they are. But between our three teams we’re at least equal to one or two Gold-rank teams, and if the rest of you joined in it might work. Might.”
Calruz leaned forwards and addressed Cervial.
“If you’re with us, I’ll want your full commitment, not uncertain promises. My team has heard my decision and they are with us. If you lack their spirit, we do not need you.”
Yvlon winced and Lir the mage shook his head. Calruz was no negotiator. But Cervial didn’t seem to have taken much offense. He studied Calruz and then asked a question.
“What does Ceria Springwalker think about the Ruins?”
That caused another pause in the room. All eyes turned to Calruz. The Minotaur’s nostrils flared and he snorted angrily.
“Ceria does not lead the Horns of Hammerad. I do.”
“Yes, but she’s got more experience adventuring than this entire room does put together. If she thinks it’s worth the risk I’ll throw in with this plan.”
Gregor the axe-captain stared incredulously from Calruz to Cervial. He stood up.
“You’re all crazy and whatever’s down there is going to eat you alive. I’m out, and so is my party.”
The woman in silver armor sighed and shook her head. She glanced at the mage captain hopefully.
“Lir? You with us?”
The man in robes hesitated, and then shook his head reluctantly.
“I’m sorry, but Gregor’s right. It’s too risky, and my group needs more space to cast our spells. If we knew for certain what was below I’d join you. Cervial, you should think this through as well.”
The archer-captain paused, and then shrugged.
“I understand, but I’ll trust our resident Half-Elf on this one. If she thinks it’s worth the risk I’ll take my team in, cramped corridors or not. How often do you think we’ll get a chance like this?”
His words went unanswered. Gregor and Lir left the room, shaking their heads and talking to each other quietly. After a moment, the scarred captain stood up and followed after them, leaving the three captains behind.
“Well, that could have gone better.”
The female captain leaned over the table despondently as Calruz glared at the closed door.
“We don’t need cowards. If they lack the courage to risk their lives we were better off without them to begin with. Such weakness would only drag us down.”
“Yes, but now we have to fill their holes with Bronze-rank teams, and that is weakness. I guess it’ll come down to how many freelancers are hanging around the ruins. We’ll need more mages and more front-line fighters. At least we’ve got one team who can detect and disarm traps.”
The archer raised one hand warningly.
“If—”
“Yes, if Ceria thinks it’s worthwhile. But I believe these Ruins might even be bigger than Albez, don’t you?”
“Then why didn’t Ceria join us and lend her support while we were all arguing? If she had—”
Calruz snorted.
“Bah. She wanted to stay in Celum.”
“Why?”
“She was waiting for a Runner to come back. She made a mistake and gave her mana potions instead of healing potions right before she ran into the High Passes.”
The two other captains blanched. Cervial shook his head sadly, but Calruz was unaffected.
