1.12 R
Page 5
Ryoka was thrown off by the explosive force as Yvlon threw herself back, knocking the other girl off her. She turned and kicked, and Ryoka tumbled with the force of the blow.
Yvlon was trying to rotate her arm and work out the pain when she saw Ryoka roll and tumble upright in a flash of motion. She blinked—and caught a fist to her face for the first time. Ryoka’s hand knocked her head back slightly. As Yvlon was stunned, two more lightning-fast jabs hit her on the cheek and jaw.
The third punch Yvlon caught in a grip like steel. Ryoka braced herself, but no metal fist came swinging her way.
The Captain of the Silver Spears was shaking her head, and her mouth was moving. Over the roar of blood in Ryoka’s ears she realized people were shouting, and the adventurer released her hand and relaxed her stance as she massaged her mouth.
The fight was over.
 
—-
 
“What was that?”
That was the first question Garia asked Ryoka once she had a chance. This was mainly because everyone else was queuing up for food in the Guild’s mess hall.
Ryoka shrugged and pushed at her food with a sour face. It wasn’t that she wasn’t hungry—she was ravenous—but she was already tired of answering questions.
Reluctantly, she bit into a bit of juicy sausage and replied to the awestruck girl sitting across from her.
“Those were throws. Special moves to take down an opponent. Haven’t you ever seen someone tossing an opponent to the ground before?”
“Well, yeah, of course, but…”
Garia floundered as she searched for words.
“You made it look so easy. Yvlon was in armor and you just threw her to the ground—twice!”
“It would have been better if I’d kept her down.”
Ryoka grunted as she chomped hard on her food. At least she was able to savor it. A healing potion had taken care of all her injuries—and Yvlon’s.
Garia stared at her incredulously.
“You knocked down a Silver-rank Captain. Anyone would be proud of that.”
Ryoka smiled.
“Yeah. And I got to hit her.”
“Those last two punches were unnecessary.”
Ceria’s voice made the two Runners look up. The Half-elf slid onto the long table and frowned at Ryoka.
“You didn’t need to hit her that many times. This was supposed to be a gentle spar, not you trying to break her jaw.”
Ryoka looked completely unapologetic.
“Oops.”
Ceria made a noise that sounded like a sigh crossed with a hiss and muttered a word neither Garia nor Ryoka knew. They understood the meaning perfectly, though.
Taking a seat across from Ryoka, Ceria stabbed at her food. Thus far she and Garia were the only two people to have joined Ryoka in the mess hall, despite the numerous adventurers sitting around them.
Predictably, Ryoka had chosen the far corner of the furthest table from the door, which meant that there would be far fewer people able to talk to her. But it seemed as though quite a few adventurers would have liked to come up and chat; only a few did.
These were the members of the Horns of Hammerad and the various Silver-rank captains Ryoka had met. Two of them, the man with the longbow named Cervial and Yvlon took seats next to Ryoka.
Maybe it wasn’t intentional, but Cervial took the seat directly next to Ryoka, putting himself between the two women. It wasn’t as if either woman was overtly hostile to the other—and indeed, they were quite polite.
But if Yvlon was polite and genuinely admiring of Ryoka after the fight, there was a certain edge in Ryoka’s replies and comments that didn’t pass unnoticed at the table.
