1.12 R
Page 9
“I’m dead serious. Fight me. Unless you’re afraid you’ll lose?”
 
—-
 
“You idiot.”
This time Ceria didn’t bother with just words. She punched Ryoka hard in the shoulder.
“You don’t challenge a Minotaur to a fight. What are you thinking? Are you even thinking?”
Ryoka shrugged as she warmed up in the practice arena again. Her nerves were thrumming, but a pit of dark emotions roiled in her chest.
“You heard what he said about females.”
“I did. And he’s got a point even if he did make it in the most bull-headed way possible. But that’s Calruz. And even if he’s being an idiot, there’s a big difference between calling him on it and challenging him to a fight. You know you’re going to lose, right?”
“Not necessarily.”
Ceria stared dumbfounded at Ryoka as the girl stretched on the ground. She looked helplessly at Yvlon.
“Help me talk sense to her?”
Yvlon nodded.
“Ceria is right, Ryoka. There’s bravado, and then there’s—this. Fighting me in armor is one thing, but Calruz is a Minotaur. He could rip my head off in unarmed combat without trying.”
“And he will if he makes a mistake.”
“I guess I’ve just got to dodge, then.”
Ryoka ignored the muted scream of fury coming from Ceria. She eyed Calruz. The Minotaur was actually finishing his meal, holding a plate as he waited for her to finish stretching. His casual indifference just lit a fire in her stomach.
“Besides, I wanted to challenge him from the start. See how far I can go.”
“How about into the ground when he puts you there? Ryoka! He’s got to weigh at least two hundred pounds more than you do!”
“Size isn’t everything.”
“It’s pretty cursed important in a fight!”
Ceria was right, of course. Ryoka eyed Calruz for the first time as a potential threat. When you looked at Calruz as a person he was just huge, inconveniently so sometimes. But as an enemy? He was way scarier than any human Ryoka had even seen.
He was about six foot seven? Maybe a few inches higher, without even counting the horns. And his body was pure muscle. Not like human muscle, but Minotaur muscle, which was to say that he looked like a wall of tendons and sinews.
It was the stupidest thing in the world to challenge him. But Ryoka really, really wanted to try. She just wanted to hit the Minotaur, almost as much as she’d wanted to hit Yvlon.
Yvlon. The adventurer was studying Ryoka thoughtfully. It made Ryoka want to punch her again, too. She was so tired and—and frustrated that hitting anything sounded good.
Like Ceria, if it would get the Half-elf to shut up.
“Potions don’t fix shattered bones! You know that. And you get him mad—”
“Look, I’m going to do it. You want to let me focus or go away and shut up?”
Silence. Ryoka glanced up and saw Ceria giving her a hurt look full of reproach. The barefoot girl’s heart hurt, but she put the pain and guilt away. She had to focus.
Ryoka was angry. She felt it bubbling in her gut, a seething, roiling ball of pure fury. Where had it come from?
From the High Passes, that’s where. From nearly dying and being helpless even with all the years she’d studied martial arts. From Teriarch and his overpowering magic and arrogance. From the Runner’s Guild and stupid people. From dealing with the ridiculous system of leveling in this world and not least—dealing with some kind of perfect lady knight and a misogynistic Minotaur. It was all bubbling out of Ryoka and she couldn’t stop it. She wanted to hit something, and Calruz was a big target.
Yvlon sighed.
“If you’re going to do this—give it all you’ve got on the first shot.”
Ceria spoke bitterly.
