1.12 R
Page 11
He nearly got her with an uppercut. Ryoka grinned, turned, and kicked him straight on with a kick to the stomach again. She raised her hands; hit him twice in the stomach—
And then he punched her.
 
—-
 
Ryoka jerked upright and felt multiple sets of hands pushing her down. Someone was on top of her. Someone light?
A pair of pointed ears and hazel hair. Ceria covered Ryoka protectively as she shouted at something. Something?
A loud roar of fury made Ryoka sit up. She looked up and saw Calruz being held back by ten men as he tried to rush at her. The Minotaur’s eyes were actually red with rage and a trickle of blood was running from both nostrils.
What had happened? Ryoka tried to move, felt the agony coming out of her chest and realized she’d been hit. Hit.
She couldn’t breathe. Hell, she could barely move. Calruz was shouting something, her ears were ringing, and Ceria was telling her to stay still. But Ryoka’s blood was still on fire. She still wanted to fight.
She stood up.
“Hold it!”
Ceria pushed Ryoka down, but the girl knocked her off and stood up. She raised her firsts, but now Garia, Yvlon, and Ceria were all pulling her back.
A few feet away Gerial was swearing and pulling at Calruz with all his might as the Minotaur roared a challenge at Ryoka.
“Calm down, Calruz! Hold still, gods damn it!”
Ceria was talking desperately to Ryoka, as the girl strained towards the Minotaur.
“You’ve made your point, Ryoka. No one’s underestimating you. Let’s stop before someone gets seriously hurt.”
Her brain wasn’t synching up with her mouth. Ryoka tried a few times.
“No. Let’s keep going.”
“Are you crazy?”
“I’m not done. Let Calruz go. I’ll take him on.”
The men holding the Minotaur gaped at Ryoka and then redoubled their efforts to hold the raging Minotaur.
“Enough!”
Another man strode forwards and stood between Ryoka and Calruz. He had a huge axe on his back and he was nearly as burly as the Minotaur, if not quite so tall. He glared at Ryoka.
“Gerial, get your Captain under control. And you, girl, back down!”
Gregor, one of the Silver-rank Captains, scowled as the men eventually managed to push Calruz back. The Minotaur was still breathing heavily, but his eyes were no longer red with fury.
“This was a ridiculous display. What are you both doing? The Adventurer’s Guild is not a place for anything but training spars, much less unarmed foolishness.”
He pointed at Ryoka.
“You’re a hothead Runner, and challenging a Minotaur just proves how idiotic you are. No matter how good you are with your fists, it won’t help you against monsters. You’ve seen the ones in the High Passes. Swords and even battleaxes don’t work on their hides.”
Ryoka glared at him. His words were true, and they hurt.
“I survived.”
“Must’ve been a miracle, then. The way you act, I’m surprised you haven’t offed yourself already. You’re either suicidal or an idiot. Even adventurers don’t pull idiotic stunts like this.”
“I don’t need an axe to do my job. And I don’t need you to tell me what to do. Back off. I’ll take on Calruz without you lot getting in the way.”
Gregor opened and closed his mouth with wordless fury.
“You blind, arrogant—if Ceria hadn’t jumped in the way he would have crushed your head like a fruit. You can’t take him. Back down.”
Ryoka eyed Calruz. He was restraining himself—with difficulty—but she knew if the men stopped holding him he’d rush right at her. And she felt like doing the same. Her blood was boiling.
“I can still fight.”
