1.12 R
Page 8
The mood at the table froze over for a second. Garia stared wide-eyed at Ryoka and then tried to edge back in her seat. Cervial’s smile flickered, and then came back.
“Really? That’s not a good thing, usually. The Runner’s Guild and the Adventurer’s Guild don’t get along. They think we’re all muscle-bound idiots and we think they’re—”
“Cowards.”
Calruz grunted and ate half a sausage in one huge bite.
“I wouldn’t say cowards.”
Yvlon objected, but most of the other adventurers seemed to agree with Calruz. Yvlon sighed and smiled at Garia reassuringly.
“Not all of you. It’s just that it’s an unfortunate comparison to make, Ryoka.”
“Seems accurate to me.”
Ryoka deliberately popped the last bit of sausage into her mouth and took a drink, conscious of all the eyes on her. Cervial was still smiling, but it was a brittle smile.
“Really? And which Runners do we sound like?”
“Guy named Fals. He says the same things as you do. Runners have to band together in order to survive. Sacrifice the good of the individual for the group. ‘Work together or die.’”
Thoughtfully, Cervial propped his head on his hand. He was still smiling, but there was a tiny bit of anger in his eyes. Ryoka recognized it as something similar to her own. She felt…prickly. More so even than usual.
“I can agree with that. And I know Fals. He’s no coward, although he does represent most of the things I dislike about the Runner’s Guild. But he’s not wrong. It’s a tough world. Yet you seem to disagree?”
Ryoka let the question dangle. She drained her mug, replenishing lost sweat. She wiped her mouth and shrugged.
“I’m not a team player.”
Her comment ended the conversation. There wasn’t really much that you could say to that. Garia slurped at her soup nervously and tried not to meet anyone’s eyes.
“Well, in any case, if you’d like to work for any of our teams, we’d be happy to set up an arrangement. With your skills we wouldn’t have to worry about you being chased off by monsters. In fact, if you’d like to join our expedition to the ruins around Liscor to deliver supplies we could work out a deal.”
Yvlon leaned across the table and smiled at Ryoka. Calruz shook his head at her.
“Even Ryoka Griffin would do well to run from any monsters she encounters. Her fists would not be enough to allow her survival in the Liscor ruins.”
Ryoka raised her eyebrows at Calruz.
“You don’t think I can defend myself? You saw me fight.”
The Minotaur had a piece of sausage stuck in his teeth. He picked at it with one long fingernail.
“I am merely stating the truth. Your fists would do little against most monsters my team faces. Less, since you are female and thus weaker.”
He looked around in the hush. Possibly Calruz didn’t see the way Ceria’s back tensed up and the Half-elf’s head came around, or the way even Yvlon’s hand tightened on her fork. He certainly couldn’t ignore the look in Ryoka’s eyes though, and it was to her he spoke.
“Is it not the truth? Humans are weaker than Minotaurs by birth. So too are you women weaker than men.”
“Really. That’s what you think?”
“Ryoka.”
Was it Ceria or Yvlon who spoke warningly? Ryoka ignored it. She reached out and tugged Calruz’s plate away as the Minotaur reached for a sausage. He looked up at her.
“Right. Your turn. Bring it on.”
For a moment the Minotaur looked confused. Then he looked amused.
“You. You, Ryoka Griffin, wish to fight me?”
He laughed, but Ryoka didn’t. And neither did the other adventurers. Gerial raised his voice, speaking low and urgently to Ryoka across the table.
“Ryoka. This isn’t a good idea.”
She ignored him.
