1.12 R
Page 7
Ryoka raised her eyebrows. Apparently, she didn’t count. Garia squeaked and trembled by her side.
“I—I can go. It’s no problem. I didn’t want to get in the way—”
“You stubborn idiot. Take my seat if you’re so desperate!”
Ceria snapped and stood up. She grabbed her plate and shoved it onto the table behind her.
“For a Captain who preaches so much about honor, you certainly don’t show much of it!”
This comment caused a hush among the nearby adventurers and especially the rest of the Horns of Hammerad, but Calruz looked unmoved. He sat at the table, ignoring Garia like a footstool.
“Honor is for those who earn it. Those who do not risk their lives in battle are not the same as true warriors.”
Ryoka frowned, but made no comment as Garia instantly went back to her food, avoiding looking at Calruz. There was a lot she wanted to say, but flipping the Minotaur’s food into his face was more appealing.
But since she had the feeling Garia might carry at least some of the Minotaur’s ire if she did it, Ryoka – reluctantly – held back. But the Minotaur’s attitude annoyed her.
Still—now that Ryoka thought about it she’d never heard Calruz say anything to the other girl. He’d talked and she’d talked when they were in the inn, but the two had never directly spoken to each other once.
As Ryoka’s eyes flicked towards Calruz and her expressionless face darkened slightly, Yvlon nudged Cervial. The taller man looked at Ryoka and spoke lightly.
“Your skill at unarmed fighting is quite incredible. I can see how it would be useful keeping away bandits and Goblins.”
“Mm?”
Ryoka looked up, realized she’d been addressed, and shrugged.
“It helps.”
“You wouldn’t happen to be able to use any other weapons besides your fists, would you? A bow, for example?”
Across the table, Gerial objected.
“Wait a second, Cervial, if you’re going to recruit Ryoka the Horns of Hammerad have the right to make the first offer.”
Sostrom and the other adventurers agreed while the adventurers that were part of the Flawless Flight shouted from their table across the hall. Cervial laughed and raised his hands and then looked at Ryoka.
“I don’t use weapons. And I’m not interested.”
“A shame. But I hope if you see a request from us you’ll consider taking it. In fact, if you’d like we could arrange to request deliveries from you alone if you’re ever in the same area as we are.”
That got Ryoka’s attention. What Cervial was suggesting was a form of personalized contract in the Runner’s Guild. That way, he could offer her exclusive deliveries.
“Why? Any Runner can deliver healing potions.”
“But no one has the guts to do it when there’s a Lich raining spells down on our heads.”
That remark came from Sostrom, and it was met with agreement from the other adventurers. Cervial nodded.
“Being an adventurer is all about finding trustworthy contacts. Good Runners like you for instance—having someone to rely on when we’re out exploring dungeons is far better than requesting an emergency delivery and hoping the Runner we get is competent.”
He shrugged.
“Not that we ever plan to get in trouble of course, but when we’re in a pinch…at our level we need to forge friendships and build up our group. It’s not something people think about, but there’s really no other way to survive. We trust each other with our backs or we’ll fall together.”
Something about that line tickled Ryoka’s memory. She grunted and then looked at Cervial. The words came out before she could stop them. The same anger and contempt leaping from her thoughts out her mouth.
“You sound like a bunch of Runners when you say it like that.”
