1.12 R
Page 6
Yvlon politely munched on a boiled piece of asparagus or asparagus-like vegetable and commented to the table at large but Ryoka and Garia in general.
“You see, it’s not as if we’re hurting for money or jobs at the moment. There’s always work and we can brave the Ruins of Albez for quite a profit most of the time. But it’s not sustainable in the long run.”
Cervial nodded. He stabbed at his food and made a face.
“Adventuring isn’t easy at our level. We’re just good enough that it’s not worth our time to take requests clearing out Goblin tribes unless they’re really big – but we don’t have the strength to take on the stronger types of monsters. Sooner or later our luck runs out and we take an injury we can’t heal up from – or die. That’s why these new ruins might be our break. If we can get in there and find some serious magical artifacts or equipment we could easily reach Gold-rank.”
“The only question is whether the risks in this case are worth the reward. So far Cervial’s team – the Flawless Flights, mine, and Calruz’s are the only ones who are willing to go in first.”
“It took some doing, but Ceria convinced me that the ruins could be loaded with ancient artifacts. They’re quite similar to ancient crypts, apparently.”
Cervial drained his mug and nodded politely at the Half-elf across the table.
“Still, we’re going in carefully. Both Yvlon and I are only doing this for the treasure.”
Ryoka shifted. She looked across the room at where adventurers were still being served. Perhaps it was because of his size, but Calruz had been stuck at the back of the line and he was grumpy about waiting. He kept casting glances at the now-full table Ryoka was sitting at, irritated.
“What about Calruz, then?”
Yvlon chuckled politely and Cervial shook his head.
“He just wants the challenge. That stupid Minotaur doesn’t care what enemies he’s fighting so long as he can gain experience from it. He’s a Levelist; one of the old-fashioned kind. Not like the rest of us.”
Ryoka nodded. She thought she understood from context alone. If Yvlon and Cervial were adventurers who relied upon magical equipment along with their levels to get stronger, Calruz was the kind of person who thought gaining more levels was all that he needed. She looked at Cervial.
“What’s the level difference between a Silver-ranked adventurer and a Gold-rank?”
“The difference? Well—it could be just a few levels depending on their equipment. Remember, in most cases it’s the entire party who gets the Gold-rank. I guess Silver-rank is mostly in the low twenties at best while Gold-rank is anywhere from Level 24 onwards.”
“Of course, individual skill still plays a pretty big role.”
Yvlon nodded at Calruz as the Minotaur impatiently waited for his food, clearly unhappy at missing the conversation and having to wait behind lesser adventurers.
“Calruz is only around Level 20, but he’s also a Minotaur. He could have found his way onto a Gold-rank team, but he wanted to be in command.”
At last the talked-of Minotaur was served a double portion onto his plate. He stomped towards the table, pausing when he saw there was nowhere to sit.
He took two steps towards Ryoka and pointed to Garia. The girl flinched as Calruz growled at her.
“You. Runner. Move.”
“O-oh. Sure.”
Garia was about to slip out of her seat, but Ryoka – and surprisingly – Cervial, grabbed her by the clothing.
“Hold it, Calruz. You can’t just order someone to leave. Pull up a chair or sit at the other end of the table.”
Calruz scowled down at Cervial.
“She is no warrior. This place is reserved for adventurers, not mere Runners.”
