1.12 R
Page 0

When Garia arrived in Esthelm just before midday, she saw the commotion outside the Adventurer’s Guild before she’d even dropped off her delivery.
Sugar. Several bags of it – enough for a huge rush order in one of the bakeries in town. The heavy, sticky delivery had messed up the inside Garia’s pack. She’d have to spend quite some time cleaning it out with water and a ball of soap.
The thought was depressing to the girl, but she put that out of her mind the instant she saw Ryoka. As always, the other girl was at the center of some kind of attention. In this case, she was surrounded by a crowd of adventurers in the open courtyard used for training and sparring in the Adventurer’s Guild.
She wasn’t sparring or using a weapon. Yet. But Garia could see as plain as her own level that Ryoka was about to fight. The other girl had a—certain expression that crossed her face in times like these.
Externally, she did seem like normal Ryoka. That was to say, her impassive face which gave nothing away and her distant, reserved eyes which had fascinated Garia the first day she’d met the other girl.
But in times like these, though the mask would not break, Garia could see another Ryoka peering out from behind. And her eyes – yes, you had to look there. Ryoka’s eyes held a faint, fierce light.
It made Garia hesitate, but she was even kinder than she was curious. That instinct prompted her to gently push her way through the crowd of adventurers to stop Ryoka from picking a fight with someone dangerous.
 
—-
 
Ryoka was stretching her legs out, touching her toes when she saw someone lift up a guy in leather armor and shift him out of the way. Garia, red-faced and blushing, apologized and edged into the open space and towards Ryoka.
Huh. But Ryoka had suggested Garia come to the city, hadn’t she? It was just…odd. Her conversation with Garia felt like it had happened a long time ago. But she’d been awake then and hadn’t slept since.
Tired. Which wasn’t good. Ryoka had to be at the top of her game for what was coming next.
Ryoka nodded as Garia cautiously walked closer. She would have smiled—or at least thought about smiling—but she didn’t feel like it. She needed to concentrate.
“Hey.”
“Um, hi, Ryoka. What’s up?”
“Nothing much. See that person? The one in the silver armor? She challenged me to a fight.”
Ryoka nodded across the courtyard, to where Yvlon was talking to Ceria, Calruz, and several other members of the Horns of Hammerad. Garia eyed her once, gulped, and then bent down to whisper to Ryoka.
“Ryoka? Did you do something to make her—um, mad?”
Ryoka bared her teeth. It might have been a smile.
“I don’t think so. Not yet, anyways. She challenged me to a ‘friendly’ match. I accepted. Why?”
“Oh. Nothing. It’s just—that’s Yvlon Byres, Captain of the Silver Spears. She’s famous around here.”
“So I’m told.”
“And she challenged you. To a fight?”
“Well, a sparring match. I was the one who wanted to turn it into a fight.”
“Why?”
Ryoka hesitated. She eyed Yvlon across the open space between them. The other young woman—she was closer to Ryoka’s age, possibly a year or two older—was smiling and addressing a worried-looking Ceria. She turned, met Ryoka’s eyes, and nodded politely.
The barefoot girl looked away. She began stretching her other leg and muttered to Garia.
“I—just want to push her face in a bit, don’t you? She’s a bit too beautiful and perfect.”
Garia waited, but Ryoka just stood back up and began touching her toes, breathing slowly and steadily.
“That’s it?”
“Yup.”
