1.12 R
Page 12
“Even if you were Level 20 he’d still be able to crush you like a bug! And you’re no warrior. You don’t have any fighting skills that I saw—”
“I don’t need Skills to fight.”
“But you don’t even have any levels.”
Everyone stopped talking. Gregor paused, red-faced, ready to shout and stared at the person who had spoken. Yvlon smiled at Ryoka and nodded once politely.
“I don’t understand. And truthfully, I didn’t believe my aunt when she told me that. But it is true, isn’t it? I couldn’t believe it until just now, but it must be true. You don’t have any levels or any classes at all, do you?”
Ryoka stared at her wordlessly. Anger surged in her belly. How dare she? How did she know?
“Not one.”
Cervial spoke from behind Ryoka. He was studying her. As she turned to stare at him he tapped one eye.
“[Appraisal]. It’s a Skill that [Marksmen] get sometimes. I can’t see your Level or your Class.”
Even Calruz was dumbfounded by this revelation. The adventurers exchanged glances, and Ryoka heard the whispering.
“No levels?”
“Why?”
“Is she some kind of demi-human—no, a monster?”
“Who wouldn’t Level? Is she a fool?”
“Cursed?”
Ryoka gritted her teeth.
“I don’t need levels to fight.”
Gregor shook his head at her, disbelieving.
“What are you, an idiot? How would you survive a second against a monster without levels?”
The fury that was boiling in Ryoka seized hold of her tongue.
“It’s not about levels. Your stupid little system doesn’t interest me. I don’t believe in needing levels or classes. It’s all stupid and it makes you cowards. Silver-rank? Gold-rank? You just use those words because you don’t have the guts to fight.”
The words came out of Ryoka before she could stop herself. She pointed at Gregor as the man’s face turned red. But all of the adventurers were listening and Ryoka couldn’t stop.
“I survived the High Passes without a single level. I did it, because I wasn’t afraid and needed half a dozen people in armor to hold my hand. And if you lot had any guts, you wouldn’t sit around whining about how a bunch of unexplored ruins are too dangerous.”
“You truly believe you can surpass the rest of us without needing to level don’t you?”
Yvlon stared hard at Ryoka, for once not smiling. Even Garia was staring at Ryoka as if seeing her for the first time.
Ryoka didn’t answer. She just wiped at the blood coming from her mouth. But that was an answer in itself.
“What arrogance.”
It came from out of the crowd. Ryoka turned, and this time the blood in her veins was roaring. She was beyond caring about anything.
“Really? Arrogance? All I see are people too afraid to do anything until they level up. People who have to hide in a group to cover how pitiful they are.”
A murmur of hot anger went through the adventurers. Ryoka raised her fists.
“I’ll take you on one by one or all at once. Come on. Fight me.”
“Enough!”
This time it was Ceria who shoved at Ryoka. The Half-elf was angry.
“You’re talking nonsense. But I won’t let you stand here and get yourself hurt. Stop this or I’ll have to use magic—”
It was just an impulse. But once it was started, Ryoka couldn’t stop. Her hand shot out and brushed Ceria’s chin. The Half-elf blinked, staggered, and sat down.
Ryoka stared at the Half-elf, rage eclipsed by sudden regret. She hadn’t meant to. She just wanted to get the mage to shut up for a second. But like before, like so many times before her body had started moving before her brain.
A roar of anger came from Calruz. Suddenly he was throwing off the other adventurers as they tried desperately to slow him down. Her approached Ryoka, and she tensed.
