1.13 R
Page 7
Red plants. Now I see what was on the horizon. The end-stage evolution of these plants are tall, twisted structures vaguely resembling trees. Only these plants have no bark and they stand alone, like sentinels. Their thin, mangled forms rise above me as I walk through the Blood Fields.
The plants bother me. What do they do? Just drink blood and grow like normal plants? That squares with what I understand of biology, but it doesn’t make sense in this world. This is a place of curses and death magic. Surely there should be some kind of danger inherent in them.
But it might also be the cold that keeps the plants inactive. Not only is this a cold day, but this is the winter season. Yes. They might be hibernating. Without food or much sunlight—what would this place look like in the spring?
I stare at a long stalk that seems to bend at every angle and wonder what flowers would bloom from it. What dark fruits would blossom here?
And I’m uneasy, for a second. But I’ve come all this way. I’m here.
Now what?
 
—-
 
On the fifth hour after waking, Ryoka realized despair. She had reached the Blood Fields, but she had found nothing.
Nothing. There was no dragon. No monster to fight. No mountain to climb. The Blood Fields were a wasteland. A place of death.
But not a place to die.
She had expected a terror like the High Passes, some kind of guardian, a terrible landscape that would have taken all her wits to survive and pass through. But this place was simply empty.
And try as she might, the one she sought, the mysterious target of the ring and letter she held— Az’kerash—was nowhere to be found.
Ryoka looked. She searched desperately. The Blood Fields were vast. Many miles wide. But she could see far even through the native flora and she saw no signs of life.
She ran through the towering growths of crimson, searching. But the fields were endless and she was tired. In the end she simply stopped.
Ryoka stood in the center of the red jungle and began to laugh. Death was around her. In a thousand places she saw broken pieces of armor. Skeletal remains—weapons and scars on the ground from battles long past.
She’d already cut her feet on fragments from weapons. The soil drank her blood and the plants seemed to shift towards her.
In despair, she stopped in an open space in the center of the Blood Fields and looked around. Nothing. Not a thing.
What should she do? She had a task. But she had no way to complete it. What should she do?
Ryoka closed her eyes. Her mind was still—still broken. Still hurting. Still confused. But a part of her still whispered.
So she listened.
 
—-
 
This is pointless. There’s nothing here. You were stupid to come.
I—did Teriarch lie to me? Or is Az’kerash not here?
He said he thought he was around here. Not that he was.  And he said that he would be surrounded by the dead. Well, there are a lot of dead things around here. But no one else.
What now?
Ryoka sat and put her face in her hands. Nothing. She’d come all this way expecting to fight for her life. She’d burned her friendships, torn her feet to shreds, run here in the middle of her pain and regret. And there was—nothing—
“Ha. Haha. Ahahahaha.”
She started laughing. It was hysterical; bitter. She couldn’t stop.
 
Tell me. Who is Ryoka?
 
No one.
 
What does she have? What does she want?
 
She has nothing. She is nothing.
 
She has a family. A father. A mother.
 
Nothing more. She does not love them as she should and they do not understand her. The family never acts like one. The parents work and seldom sit with their child and the child lashes out. Ryoka Griffin is alone.
