1.13 R
Page 4
Terribly, cripplingly flawed. Flawed by perfection, which is to say that I have nothing which defines me. Some people are shaped by adversity and measure their selves against what they have accomplished and fought for. But the curse of the privileged is that without having needed to strive for anything, nothing of value is made.
I practiced martial arts because I wanted to be able to defend myself not because I had to. I studied in school and got perfect scores because I liked learning and winning, not because I was driven to it.
I—
 
—Am a hollow person.
 
Or am I looking at this the wrong way? Arrogance. Even in my own head I call what I have perfection. Perfection is perfect—if I was perfect I wouldn’t have these problems, would I? No. This isn’t perfection.
 
How do you define Ryoka Griffin? An equation?
(|Perfection| – Social Interaction) + Anger + A Bit of Magic = Ryoka Griffin? Or is it—
(|Perfection – Human Interaction | + Rage + Loneliness) + Another Chance = Ryoka Griffin?
 
Well, obviously I’m not perfect. But in certain areas I lack flaws or disadvantages. My IQ score—
 
Means nothing. It is an arbitrary measurement that does not take social ability, creativity, emotional stability into account. Rather than call your physical adeptness and mental ability a perfect standard, refer to it instead as tabula rasa. You are a blank slate, but what has been put in is arrogance, antisocial behaviors, rage. You have corrupted the purity of what has been given.
 
Corrupted? Is it my fault I was an outsider since I was born? My fault that those other little bastards can’t even see past the color of my skin or who gets the highest score in class?
 
Here come the excuses. Always the same rhetoric. Always the same lies. That was years ago. Why can’t you admit you caused most of your own problems yourself? Even your daddy issues are—
 
I do not have ‘daddy issues’.
 
But you hate him. You hate him for what he was not. And that is unfair. You hate your classmates for what they aren’t. You hate them for not accepting you and maybe that’s fair. But you hate everything you encounter sooner or later. They are all worthless. They will let you down.
 
What does Ryoka Griffin love? A list:
-Running
-Music
-Knowledge
-Magic*
-Martial arts
-Being angry
-The open sky and breeze on my face as I stare across a thousand miles of untouched land
-Adventure
 
What did I want back there? To be free of Yvlon—no, Magnolia. Her and her damn attempts to control me. It’s her fault. If she hadn’t pushed.
 
All she’s done is ask you questions. She offered you aid and you refused it. She put a ninja on your rooftop, but was he there to hurt you or guard you? When has she directly attempted to hurt you? She’s not like Persua.
 
That bitch. She’s an example of why these people aren’t worth the time it takes to outrun them. Those cowards—
 
Garia is no coward. She is brave and honest in her own way. But she can’t run alone. Just because you can, why are you holding everyone to the same standard?
 
I—can’t think straight. I have to deliver this damn ring and the letter. From an elven mage. So many questions. That was what I should have done. But I got bogged down with all the adventuring nonsense—
 
You wanted to see them. More than learning magic, you wanted to talk to them, didn’t you?
 
I hurt everyone I see. I should never have gone to them. And they are not perfect.
 
Calruz is an arrogant, patriarchal fool. Gerial’s nothing special. Ceria is—
 
Listen to yourself. What about Sostrom? What has he ever done to you? He fixed your iPhone. He gave you music.
 
