1.13
Page 1
“It’s really rare to see any Humans this far out from the coast. Your kind usually just sticks to its cities. What brings you out so far? Oh, and what are you looking for?”
“Um. Teleportation spell. And I need food. Flour, oil, butter, salt…that kind of thing. And I need clothing. Lots of clothing.”
“Well, if it’s food and general supplies you’re looking for try the market two streets down from here. To get to it just take a left as you walk out of here and then turn right and you’ll be there in no time. They’d also have some clothes there, but I’m not sure if they have any made for Humans.”
“Oh, that’s great. Thank you so much.”
Erin had already forgotten the directions. She wished she had her smartphone, or Google Maps. A map would be useless since she never learned how to read them.
“I’m also looking for a place to get some other supplies. I don’t suppose you know where—”
A large, hairy hand grabbed Erin by the shoulder and pulled her around.
“Huh?”
Erin was looking at a wall of brown hair. She was sure that wasn’t there a minute ago. She looked up.
A hyena’s face stared down at her. Or rather, a hyena’s face on a humanoid body covered in fur. It was one of the adventurers in the inn and it—he didn’t look happy.
But he wasn’t saying anything. Rather, he was looming. Erin could tell it was looming by the way he stood and the way she felt like an ant. She didn’t know why he was angry at her. Maybe he just wanted to pick on someone. She opened her mouth and tried diplomacy.
“Um. Hi. Are you—are you a werewolf?”
It was definitely the wrong thing to say. The pissed-off look on the hairy hyena-guy’s face only got worse. He growled at her in a rumbling voice that sounded like…well, what Erin imagined a dog would sound like if it could talk.
“Do I look like a werewolf?”
“N-no?”
Erin backed up a step and found the counter was right behind her. She looked over her shoulder and saw Selys gazing at her worriedly, but the receptionist didn’t come to her aid.
The not-werewolf leaned over and growled in her face.
“I’m a Gnoll.”
His breath was terrible. Erin felt weak at the knees just smelling it.
“Right. I’m very sorry about that. Um. Can I help you?”
“You’re in my way.”
“Right. Sorry. Sorry about that.”
Erin stepped to one side so he could get to Selys. He didn’t move forward, though. Instead he just glared some more.
“Is—is there something else you want?”
The Gnoll twisted his neck and cracked it. It sounded like firecrackers going off and scared the hell out of Erin.
“I don’t like Humans. They smell.”
Erin stepped away again, but the angry Gnoll just followed her. She knew she was being watched by the other adventurers in the room now. But like Selys, they seemed content to watch the human-bullying without making a move.
“R-really? I can’t smell anything.”
“That’s because Humans can’t smell anything.”
The comment came from behind Erin but she was too scared to turn around. It had the same growling quality to the voice though, so she was sure it was another Gnoll.
“Right. Well. I’m sorry about that.”
Erin tried to sidestep the Gnoll but he blocked her way.
“I don’t want humans in here. You don’t belong.”
“Hold on.”
At last Selys came to Erin’s aid. The female Drake leaned over the counter and called out to the Gnoll.
“You can’t just kick someone out who—”
He looked at her and snarled. Selys flinched and shut up.
Across the room Erin saw the Drakes in the room stir. One of them hissed softly.
