1.15
Page 0

Erin woke up tired and bleary-eyed. She mechanically got up, and remembered that she’d forgotten to gather any blue fruits. She looked at the bag full of food she’d dragged all the way to the inn. It was too much work to make pasta or bread. So she ate one of the sausages instead.
It was dried, too salty, and had lots of gristle. Even though Erin was starving, it was not the best thing she’d ever eaten. But she ate it anyways, chewing until she could swallow the greasy meal.
Dully, Erin wondered how long it would take for her teeth to rot or her gums to start bleeding. Not too long now.
It wasn’t a good day. But at least she had food. And if she didn’t have money, at least it was a new day.
With her stomach full, Erin felt a little better. Ready to face the day, at least. She made a mental list of what to do. Gather blue fruit first. Then she’d make some pasta, some bread, and then she’d figure out how to—
Knock. Knock.
Erin jolted upright. Someone was at the door. Was it Pisces? Well, it was just another headache for the day. She’d deal with him and—
Knockknockknockknockknockknock—
It wasn’t Pisces. Erin got up and went over to the door. Whoever was there was seriously excited. Too energetic at this time of day.
Erin yanked open the door.
“Who the hell—oh. It’s you.”
Relc grinned at Erin. He was holding something in one hand and his spear in the other.
“Good morning, Miss Human! It’s me, your favorite Guardsman! And how are you doing this fine morning?”
Erin blinked at him. It was far too early to have to stare at a giant lizard grinning at her with a mouth full of sharp teeth.
“Hello Miss Erin! I’ve just taken care of your Goblin problem for you!”
Relc raised his spear triumphantly. A bit of it fell to the ground. Erin blinked and stared at it. Red.
She looked up and saw red blood dripping down the spear, running along Relc’s claw and onto the floor of her inn. Relc noticed that and pulled the spear back outside.
“Sorry about that, Miss Erin. You see, I was just disposing of the Goblins. Call it an apology for yesterday. But now they’re gone the others should leave you alone, especially once I set these up around the inn.”
Relc lifted the objects in his left hand. Erin looked at them and saw three melons. Green melons? No.
Her eyes went back up to Relc’s grinning face. She stared at his bloody spear. He was talking, but the words were suddenly impossible to make out over the buzzing in Erin’s ears. She looked at his smile. She looked at the spear.
She looked down and saw the heads.
There were three of them in Relc’s claws. He’d grabbed them by their ears and the force was already tearing the dead flesh. Each one’s eyes were still open, their lifeless expressions twisted in fear. Blood still dripped from one, down into the eye sockets of another.
Erin’s eyes wandered up and away from the heads. She stared out past Relc’s shoulder. It was a beautiful day outside. The sun was shining. The sky was blue. There wasn’t a cloud in the sky.
She looked down at the heads. They were still there. She looked up at Relc. He was still speaking, but stopped and looked at her in concern. He dropped the heads carelessly to the ground. Erin heard each one thump wetly on the floorboards of the inn.
Relc raised his clawed hand and reached out for her. The same one he’d held the heads with.
Erin threw up. She vomited up the sausages, choked, and threw up some more.
“——————!”
She felt a hand holding her, helping her upright. She pushed away at it, retched.
“——? ——. ————!”
Her head was spinning. Her ears were filled with a piercing high-pitched sound.
