1.17
Page 5
She wanted to sleep. But couldn’t. And the night was coming. With it came uncertainty, fear, but worst of all was that one thing she couldn’t escape.
Memory.
Thump.
 
—-
 
Klbkch walked through Liscor’s western gates and nodded at the Drake on duty. He received a scowl in reply but made no comment. Politeness was important. Fostering strong ties and goodwill towards the Antinium within the city was important.
What was also important was turning in a bounty. Klbkch had a large cloth bag he’d fashioned out of what remained of Erin Solstice’s shopping bag and it was weighing down his left side by quite a bit. But the bag was necessary, and besides, it kept the smell and sight from disturbing the other civilians he passed.
Yes, the bounty. He would fill it out tonight. But before that he had another mission that took higher precedence.
Klbkch walked through the streets until he came to a bar he knew was frequented by many Drake customers. It was a loud, raucous joint filled with many reptilian bodies, but they made room for him. Not out of respect for his occupation; he was off-duty, but out of a desire not to touch him.
The lone Antinium walked through the crowd of Drakes until he heard his name being loudly called and the smash of a tankard being hurled his way.
“Oi, Klb! You won’t believe what that stupid Human did this time.”
Klbkch approached Relc from across the bar. The Drake weaved him over to a seat and turned unsteadily. He was with a gaggle or as the proper term was, cluster of Drakes. Some were male; the majority was female. Or not. Gender was still difficult for Klbkch to ascertain at the best of times.
“Good thing you’re here. Let me tell you, that Erin girl? Stupidest Human I’ve ever met. Do you know what she did this morning?”
Relc launched into his story. By the looks on the other’s faces, this was not his first retelling. Klbkch ignored Relc and ignored the seat the Drake was trying to shove him into.
He placed two of his hands on Relc’s shoulders to steady him. Proper posture was critical. Then Klbkch hit Relc with his other two hands as hard as he could.
The Drake saw the punch coming, but he was too drunk to dodge properly and Klbkch’s hands held him in place. He smacked into the floor hard as both punches caught him in the jaw and stomach at the same time.
For a moment all was stunned silence. Then Klbkch heard a loud hiss that turned into a screeching bellow of rage.
Relc surged to his feet with a roar and caught Klbkch’s foot coming up. The blow smashed him in the jaw again and this time stunned him for a few seconds. Klbkch nodded to himself. Proper posture was critical for a good strike.
Relc lay at Klbkch’s feet. He got back up, received two more punches again, and decided to lie down. Klbkch nodded to himself and walked away from his partner.
The atmosphere in the room had turned hostile. Klbkch glanced around but decided not to draw his daggers. The other male Drakes were glowering and clenching their clawed hands, but experience told him that they would not attack unless he made further provocations.
Klbkch estimated the public perception towards Antinium within the city had lowered a degree from his actions, regardless of the reasons. Antipathy within the City Guard would also be substantial, at least in the short term.
It was a costly consequence, but it struck Klbkch as fitting. He nodded to the silent bar of onlookers.
“Good night to you. Please accept my apologies for the inconvenience. I shall take my leave.”
