1.17
Page 1
The pain had left after a while. Erin floated in a dark, warm sea by herself. She was falling asleep. Or maybe she was asleep and just dreaming.
Erin slowly sank into slumber as the light of the world faded away. It was a wonderful feeling as she gave up her burdens and closed her eyes. Sleep. It had been so long since she’d slept properly.
But there was something bothering her. Something…was making a sound? Yes, a sound. Erin squeezed her eyes shut, but now she was being shaken. She didn’t want to wake up. But maybe if she did, she could go back to sleep. She listened.
“Miss Solstice? Miss Solstice, you must drink.”
She was waking up. And with the waking came pain. Erin groaned, or tried to. Her throat was terribly dry. She hurt. She hurt so much that she couldn’t bear the pain. She didn’t know what to do. She wanted to go back to sleep, but the voice was insistent.
“Drink.”
Something was at her lips. Erin felt cool liquid and licked instinctively.
At once something wonderful began happening. Just as her tongue tasted bitter foulness and she gagged, the pain went away. For a second.
Then it was gone. Desperately Erin opened her mouth and tasted the disgusting, wonderful drink again. The pain vanished, and the burning pain in her stomach ended. The agony of her hands vanished.
Erin opened her eyes and sat up. Energy flooded back into her body and the darkness of death receded. She looked up and saw a giant insectoid face staring down at her.
“Guh.”
Erin choked on the last mouthful of the healing potion. Klbkch held her steady as she choked it down and swallowed.
“Miss Solstice. Are you well?”
“I—I’m alive.”
Erin stammered. She looked at Klbkch. He was holding the empty potion bottle in his hand. He had saved her. Brought her back from death. She wanted to thank him. She didn’t have the words, but she wanted to thank him for saving her. She opened her mouth and then saw the body lying on the floor.
The Goblin Chieftain. Her eyes fell on his ruined face, on his motionless body. Erin paused, and ignored Klbkch’s repeated questions. For a while, she just stared at the body until Klbkch dragged it out of the kitchen. When he returned and she looked back into his face, she’d completely forgotten what she wanted to say.
 
—-
 
“You are not from here, are you, Miss Solstice?”
That was the first thing Klbkch said to her after he’d made sure she was well.
Erin lay against the kitchen cupboards, her shirt lifted up as she inspected her stomach. It was perfectly healed, although the bandage was still there. She would have felt uneasy about undressing in front of Klbkch but—she wasn’t. It was probably because he was an insect.
She looked up in surprise. Klbkch was staring at her. She didn’t know what to say. He, however, did.
“I do not mean this country or even this continent. You are not from here, are you?”
Klbkch squatted next to her. His large hind legs made it easier than sitting.
“No. I’m not.”
“I thought as much.”
Erin smiled bloodlessly.
“Was it obvious?”
“Say rather that it has become obvious. It is an unbelievable statement, but it is the only one I can come to.”
Erin hesitated, and then nodded. Klbkch nodded in agreement.
“How’d you figure it out?”
“Many clues lead me to this conclusion. Your curiosity about levels and classes, your mysterious arrival and this ‘Michigan’ which is no nation recorded in any book. But most of all it was this last moment. No Human would weep for a Goblin.”
Erin brushed at her face. Her tears were long dried but—
“Really? No one? What about Drakes?”
