1.17
Page 4
“Your leveling is stupid. Your skills are stupid. I hate your world’s classes, I hate your city, and I hate you.”
She shouted those last words at Klbkch and then buried her face in her hands. After a while she felt him place a comforting hand on her shoulder. It was cold, smooth exoskeleton. But it was still comforting.
“…I didn’t mean that.”
“I took no offense, Miss Solstice. I realize you have gone through a traumatic event. The fault lies with me for not being more receptive to your distress. I should have provided more comfort and companionship. In that my partner Relc is occasionally more effective than I.”
“You’re fine.”
Erin mumbled that through her tears. She’d begun crying. Not bad crying or loud crying, but her eyes were suddenly filled with tears.
“I’m just having a bad—I mean, it’s been—I hate this world. But I didn’t mean that last bit about you. You’re okay. Everyone else can go to hell.”
“I see. Here. Please accept this.”
Klbkch handed Erin another piece of cloth. She blew her nose and sniffed loudly.
“I’d like to be alone now.”
Klbkch hesitated.
“I will remain here with your permission. It would be unwise to—”
She cut him off.
“I’ll be fine.”
“Respectfully, I must disagree. Though the Goblin Chieftain is dead, his tribe may seek vengeance.”
“They won’t.”
“May I ask how you know?”
“I just know. Please. I’d really like to be left alone.”
Again he hesitated, but at least Klbkch stood up. He walked over to the door of the kitchen. There he turned.
“One last question Miss Solstice, if I may? What caused the Goblin Chieftain to attack you in the first place? It is rare that the tribal leader takes any aggressive action if unprovoked.”
Erin closed her eyes. She felt so tired. And the events of…was it this morning? They felt so long ago.
“Relc. He killed three Goblins and beheaded them.”
Klbkch paused. Out of the corner of her eye Erin saw him close one of his four hands. Then he bowed deeply.
“Allow me to apologize on both our behalves. Words cannot express my shame.”
She nodded shortly.
“It’s okay.”
The lie said, she waited for Klbkch to leave. When he didn’t leave after a few minutes, she looked directly at him.
“I’m going to sleep.”
He nodded.
“Well then. Take care, Miss Solstice.”
He didn’t close the door since the door was broken. But he did prop it against the hole in the wall and prop it up with two chairs. That done, the ant man disappeared into the grasslands, quickly becoming a silhouette against the orange sky.
Erin put her head up against the wall. Her eyes were burning and her body felt slow and fuzzy after the healing potion. At last he was gone. It wasn’t that she didn’t want his company. In fact she wanted to hold him or maybe him to hold her. But she wanted to sleep now. To forget.
But she couldn’t sleep.
She wanted to sleep badly. Her mind was crying out for her to close her eyes. But when she did, she saw things. So she kept them open.
She smelled the burned oil and burning flesh, still. Klbkch had opened a window and an evening breeze was blowing through the kitchen. But she still smelled death. She still saw it in the Goblin Chieftain’s eyes. He was looking right at her—
Thump.
Erin smacked her head against the wall behind her. It hurt. She did it again.
Thump. Thump.
The image of the dead Goblin’s eyes disappeared for a second. But the instant she thought about them, they were back, staring into her soul.
Thump.
Erin bumped her head again. The pain made the vision fade briefly. It also made her head swim.  Still, if she had to chose between that and the Goblin’s—
Thump. Thump. Thump.
