1.17
Page 0

His name was Klbkch. It was what the members of other species called him, at least. Among his kind he had no name that could be expressed in words. So he thought of himself as Klbkch or sometimes ‘Klb’. It was important to have a name.
At the moment Klbkch was off-duty. He had signed out of the roster and added Relc’s name to the log as well. His partner never signed out, or if he did, he did it improperly. It was important to do things properly.
Klbkch walked through the dark grassland outside of the city. He was headed to the inn where a young human female currently resided. It was not part of his duties as a guardsman. He was visiting her to improve his relationship with her. It was important to maintain good relationships with other species.
He knew something was wrong when he saw the smoke. Instantly Klbkch drew the two swords at his waist. He had two more hands free, but he left them unarmed for now.
Swords at the ready, Klbkch charged up the slight incline towards the inn. He moved extremely quickly – his long legs combined with his levels in the [Guardsman] class gave him [Enhanced Movement], which turned the several miles into a blur behind him.
The inn was leaking black smoke out of the back windows. Klbkch knew they were connected to the kitchen. The door was also smashed in, and as Klbkch approached he saw Goblins fleeing into the hills.
Goblins.
Klbkch stopped outside of the inn and flattened himself against one wall next to the entrance. He drew his two daggers in his lower set of hands and braced himself. He did not underestimate or overestimate his chances.
As the fourth-highest leveled guardsman in the city he was more than capable of handling most Goblin varieties. But if he was outnumbered he would retreat. His goal was to assess the whereabouts and well being of Erin Solstice and if possible, retreat with her. If not, his job was to witness her fate and the forces currently occupying the inn.
For some reason Erin Solstice mattered to Klbkch more than assessing the threat at the moment. He dismissed that thought instantly and questioned his judgement. His survival outweighed a single human’s.
But. She could be inside, wounded or dying at the hands of the Goblins. Klbkch was well-aware of their tendency to rape and assault females of any humanoid race.
His instincts told him to wait. Klbkch ignored them. His mind was telling him to act. He charged through the door, ready for anything.
The common room of the inn was a mess of broken tables and chairs. Klbkch swept the room. Empty. The door to the kitchen was broken in. He charged into the kitchen. And stopped.
Two figures lay on the ground. One was a Goblin. Not just any Goblin; a Chieftain. A true danger and threat. The other was a human girl. Both were lying still.
Klbkch assessed the situation. The Goblin Chieftain was a great threat. He could be killed if necessary but—it was already dead. Dead. A threat capable of wiping out low-level parties of adventurers by itself had been killed by…a girl?
How? But that didn’t matter. He looked at Erin Solstice.
The young woman lay against a kitchen counter. She held a bandage to her stomach with her arm. Her hands were blistered and blackened. Tears had painted clear lines through the soot on her face. Red-black blood dried around the bandage on her stomach.
She was barely breathing.
For once in his short life, Klbkch of the Free Antinium had no idea what to say.
“Ah. Miss Solstice?”
 
—-
 
