1.17
Page 3
Klbkch fell silent. Erin stared at the spot where the body had lain. She felt lightheaded. At some point, she felt, she should have clung to Klbkch and started crying. Or was that too stereotypical? Was it a normal reaction? But instead she just felt a bit—empty.
“One more thing.”
“Is there something you wish to ask of me, Miss Solstice?”
Erin nodded vaguely. She pointed at her chest. It was still bare. Oops. She pulled her shirt down. Good thing her bra was still on.
“After I killed the Goblin—I gained a new skill. Two, actually. [Tavern Brawling] and [Unerring Throw].”
“They are worthy skills. Unusual for the [Innkeeper] class, but not unheard of.”
“Really? Why’d I get them? And aren’t skills like…set?”
“Another sign you do not belong of this world, Miss Solstice.”
Erin looked up with a frown. Klbkch waved one hand.
“I mean no offence. It is simply that all beings know how classes and skills work.”
“Well then, explain it to me.”
Klbkch was silent for a few seconds.
“To put it simply, classes are general ways of life that individuals take. In life, one might choose to become a [Butcher], or perhaps a [Musician]. It is simply a matter of fulfilling the requirements. Often they are known, but there are exceptions. One cannot simply take the [Ruler]-type class for instance.”
“Right, you’ve got to be born into it.”
“That is indeed one of the ways to learn such a class. But in any case, classes increase one’s proficiency at their role with each new level. And with that increase in ability, skills may be learnt. But there is no one set of skills for a class.”
“Really?”
“Indeed not. Two individuals taking the [Soldier] class for instance, may learn different skills at the same level. It is a matter of need and inclination which allows individuals to learn skills. For instance, while Relc is a higher level warrior than I, he is not of a higher level in the actual [Guardsman] class and thus does not possess the [Detect Guilt] skill.”
“Okay.”
Klbkch looked at Erin. She shrugged.
“Do you understand?”
“Not really. Sort of. I guess? But why are there levels in the first place?”
“It is the way of the world. All races that think are given the ability to level and take classes.”
“By who?”
Erin sighed and slapped her face lightly.
“Or whom. Who did it? And why?”
“It is not known. But our oldest texts tell us of this truth.”
Klbkch recited in his inflectionless voice:
“All those that Think—Feel. From Feeling do we Act. It is in Action that we Level. All those who Think have a Class. And it is in that Class which we find destiny.”
Erin snorted. Then she realized he was being serious.
“Did someone teach you that?”
Klbkch nodded gravely.
“It is part of the lessons any child learns. The exact wording comes from a book: The Book of Levels, which was originally written nearly a thousand years ago.”
“But why is that how things work?”
Erin was getting frustrated. Klbkch’s calm, matter-of-fact tone wasn’t helping matters either.
“It is simply how we live our life. This is a universal truth throughout the world. Is yours not the same?”
Erin scowled at him.
“No, it’s not. We don’t have levels, and we don’t learn skills like we’re in a video game. We don’t have classes except for ones in school, and we don’t need levels to learn things.”
“Learning skills is not merely a matter of levels. Classes and leveling are simply the basis of our lives so we may grow faster from what we do. It is a fact of life.”
“That’s stupid.”
He looked at her in surprise.
“I beg your pardon?”
