1.18
Page 3
She stared back. Her eyes traveled to the Goblin’s fingers which were scooting beneath the plate.
“Run and I’ll hit you with a chair. Sit. Eat.”
The Goblin snatched its fingers back instantly. He stared at the pasta and then up at Erin. She wondered why he wasn’t not eating. Oh. Of course.
“The first meal is on the house.”
The Goblin looked up at the ceiling. Erin sighed, but her lips twitched.
“That means it’s free.”
Again, the Goblin stared at her. This time in wide-eyed wonder.
“Eat.”
He reached for the pasta.
“Not like that.”
The Goblin snatched his hand back and nearly tumbled out of his chair. Erin sighed again. This time she was smiling a bit.
“Eat with a fork. See this? Fork.”
She pointed to a fork. The Goblin stared at it. Slowly, he picked it up. He speared one buttered noodle and slowly transferred it to his mouth. It hung over his open mouth full of yellowed teeth as he stared at her. Asking for permission.
Erin nodded. The noodle fell. The Goblin gulped, and went very still. Deathly still.
Then he smiled. It was a terrible smile, full of sharp crooked teeth and hesitation. But it was a smile.
Erin smiles back. She laughed, for the first time in ages. It was a laugh that came straight out of her feet and through her heart. It exploded out of her chest. It was a good laugh, and it made the world right again.
The Goblin looked at the laughing human. He put down his fork and ran out the door screaming. It only made her laugh harder.
 
—-
 
Erin put away the last plate and watched the last Goblin groan as it lay slumped on the table. Four Goblins. Six plates. She was surprised they’d managed to eat that much.
They were very small creatures. Still, they ate like starving wolves, which they were. At least, in that they had been starving.
But they lay now in a blissful food coma, on the border between pain and oblivion with their bloated stomachs. But as she approached they sat up and stared at her.
Erin pulled up a chair and sat. The Goblins drew back, but they didn’t run screaming this time. They stared at her. She stared back.
 
—-
 
After a long time, it was night. One of the Goblins glanced towards the door and they all stood up as one. Erin made no move to stop them.
Awkwardly, they wandered towards the door, still staring at her. Then one stopped and nudged the others. They clustered together, backs towards her. Erin saw something flash in their palms. The hairs on the back of her neck rose, but she remained seated.
One of the Goblins came back. It was holding something in its hands. It held it out to her
Erin stared down at the three small tarnished silver coins in the Goblin’s cupped hands. She blinked. Once. Twice. Then she let go of the chair and stood up.
The Goblin flinched, but Erin moved very slowly. She reached out and touched the Goblin’s hands. They were rough, dirty, and warm. She closed them over the coins.
“The first meal is free.”
The Goblin stared at her. She stared back. It turned, and fled. But it stopped at the door and said something. It sounded like ‘sqwsmsch’. Then it was gone.
Erin sat back down and stared at the door. She blinked a few times, and then smiled. She stared around at the inn, and wiped at her eyes. Then she pulled the chair in to the table and put her arms down for a pillow.
She was asleep the instant her head touched the table.
 

