1.18
Page 2
Erin left the orchard. She walked back to the inn slowly, feeling her body slowly collapsing on itself. She probably needed to eat more. But it was too much work.
She sensed them following her. When she looked around they fled. But they were slow and she caught glimpses of them. Ragged clothes. Thin bodies. They looked like starving children, refugees from a war. Not like monsters. Except for the teeth and red eyes.
That gave Erin an idea. She stared at her hands for a moment, and then picked up the pace. Suddenly she was walking faster. When she got to the inn she looked for the shopping bag and found Klbkch had stored all the ingredients away on the counter. It was very hard to start the fire. But when she’d started it was easier than stopping.
Erin smelled smoke and burning. But only burning wood and not so much smoke. Mainly she just heard breathing. And her stomach rumbling.
 
—-
 
Evening fell upon the plains, upon the lone inn on the small hilltop, and upon the four Goblins skulking in the tall grass. They watched the inn. They watched the smoke rising from the chimney. They watched, and heard their stomachs rumbling.
All of them had weapons. Not good ones; rusty blades, and crude clubs. But they’re dangerous.
Even so, they feared the inn. They feared the one that lives inside it. A trickster. A deceiver. A destroyer. She looks weak, but she is death.
They knew that. But still, they smelled something wonderful coming from the inn. Food. And they were so very hungry.
The inn has closed shutters, but they could still smell something wafting from the inside. It didn’t smell like rotted meat or the foulness inside the blue death fruits. It didn’t even smell like the dead rock creatures they sometimes found. It smells good.
They salivated. But they fear the inn. And they must eat tonight or starve. So, reluctantly they tore themselves away. They had hoped the human female would drop some food or fall down dead. Since she did neither they must find other food.
Still, they hesitated. They lingered outside the door and wished they had the numbers or strength to steal the food. But the monster inside is death. She killed the Strongest, and so she could not be fought. It is death.
Still, they hungered.
How long did they stand outside the front door, drooling? Too long. The door slammed open.
The Goblins cried out in fear and turned to run. But the Deceiver didn’t chase them. She stood in the doorway of the inn, hands on her hips. She raised one eyebrow.
“Well? Come on in.”
The Deceiver turned and walked back inside. The Goblins exchanged a glance and stared at the open door. A good smell came from inside. They hesitated. But the smell was so delicious.
So, so delicious.
 
—-
 
Erin turned as the first Goblin finally crept into the inn. He froze in place, but she pointed to a table.
“There. Sit.”
He hesitated, and then scampered over to the chair.
The Goblin awkwardly perched on the oversized chairs as Erin placed a plate on the table. He flinched with her every move. When she pulled out the forks he nearly bolted. But he sat up and stared as she brought the pot into the room.
The metal was still burning-hot. But Erin used her t-shirt to protect her hands and carried the pot to the table. She picked up a pair of tongs and began dropping buttered pasta mixed with sausage and onions onto each plate.
The Goblin salivated. He stared at the golden pasta and up at Erin with wide-eyed wonder. He reached for the pasta with dirty fingers and hesitated. He stared up at Erin.
