1.18
Page 0

Erin sat in a chair and stared outside. It was a lovely day. A warm breeze floated through the window, warming all it touched.
Except for her. She felt cold. Cold and empty.
Shadows passed before her. They had names. Klbkch, Relc, even Pisces. But they weren’t important. The dead were far worse.
Erin held a Goblin’s head in her hands. She stared into its blank eyes and felt her hands burning. She sat next to a dying Goblin and listened to him breathing.
The sun was bright. At some point the night had turned to day. But Erin still felt as if it were night. In the inn the shadows were long and kept her in darkness. It was only fitting.
The world felt hollow. Everything echoed and the world blurred gently around Erin as she sat. She wasn’t doing anything in particular. She was just existing. Existing, and not fitting in.
A little ghost in a little inn in a little world. That’s what she felt like.
It was cold.
Erin looked up. Relc was in the inn. Was it the first time she’d seen him today? Probably. He was yelling about Goblins and apologizing. Klbkch was there. Silent. His brown carapace blended in with the chairs. Maybe he’d been here all day. Erin couldn’t remember.
“—kill all of the little bastards!”
Relc was shouting. He grabbed his spear. Erin’s hand moved.
“Whoa!”
Relc’s head jerked back as a kitchen knife flashed past his face. The blade thudded into a wall and lodged in the wood.
Klbkch and Relc stared at Erin. She stared at her hand silently. Oh. Right. A skill. [Unerring Throw]. Had she talked to Klbkch about it yesterday? Or was she going to talk to him in the future about it?
She looked up at Relc.
“Leave them alone.”
Then Erin went back to staring at her hands. After a while, Relc left. Klbkch left too, or maybe Erin just stopped seeing him.
“This is my inn. I make the rules here. And if you don’t like my rules, get out.”
Did she say that to Relc, or the empty inn? Maybe she screamed it. Erin couldn’t remember. Time wasn’t the same anymore. She just stared at her hands and felt her flesh burning. She saw the dead Goblin lying on the floor, screaming quietly.
It was all she saw.
Pisces came later. He ran in with sparks shooting from his fingertips. He was like Relc. But he cared. He wanted to kill Goblins too, or maybe just scare them away. Place a curse on them. It didn’t matter.
Erin stared at him until he flinched and looked away. She gave him one of the dried sausages. She told him if he killed a Goblin then she’d kill him.
He took the sausage and turned white when she told him she’d kill him. Then he left.
Erin sat in the inn and felt the walls closing in. She couldn’t breathe in there. So she went outside.
The sun was too beautiful and the sky was too bright. Erin went back inside and felt the darkness crawling up her spine. The shadows were moving. The wind sounded like whispers.
She heard breathing. It was hers.
It was dark. At some point the sun went down. That was the worst time. Erin saw dead things lying in the shadows. The bodies of Goblins lay underneath tables; their heads sat in the moonlight filtering in from the windows.
Erin shut her eyes. But they followed her inside her head. They dug around her mind and pulled out memories. Then they tore apart her heart. Piece by piece, until morning came.
 
—-
 
Klbkch came the next day. Relc was missing. He sat with her a while and asked her more questions. Was she well? Did she want anything? Was she hungry?
Erin answered until it was too much work. Then she just sat and waited for him to leave. Eventually, he did.
