1.18
Page 1
The sunlight grew brighter until the shadows retreated. Erin sat in her chair and rocked back and forth occasionally. She got up when she heard the thumping.
Someone was at the door. Erin opened it.
A giant rock stood in front of her inn. A long claw reached for her. The rock crab clicked and swiped at her, snapping at her waist.
Erin opened her mouth and screamed. The rock crab tried to grab her head with one claw. She smashed it with a chair and kept screaming. The rock crab jerked back its claw and retreated. She howled at it. She screamed and screamed until her breath was gone. Then she screamed some more.
The crab retreated in agony, trying to shield its earholes with its claws. It scuttled away as fast as it could. Miles away the pterodactyl birds took flight in panic.
Erin screamed and screamed until her voice was gone. She wiped the tears off her face and walked back into the inn and slept in her chair.
 
—
 
She felt hungry when she woke. Erin ignored the feeling and kept sitting where she was. But the pain started biting at her insides. She ignored it.
It went away. But a few hours later it came back and tore at her. Erin wondered when she’d last eaten. Two days ago?
Her stomach gurgled and begged. Erin felt the starving pain gnawing at her mind. Eventually it became too hard to ignore. So Erin decided to eat.
It was too much work to cook. And she couldn’t eat meat. So Erin got up.
The effort of standing up left her light-headed and dizzy. Erin swayed and fell on the table. She lay there and stared at the ground. After about ten minutes she pushed herself up and walked out the door.
The sun was shining. Erin shaded her eyes. It was noon. Of tomorrow. That was probably why she felt hungry.
She began walking. It was hard. Her legs didn’t want to keep her upright. Twice, Erin tripped and fell over. But she got up and walked on. Walking was hard, but it wasn’t nearly as hard as other things.
 
—-
 
The orchard was just as she’d left it. The unnaturally straight, stiff trees still bore the bright blue fruits. Erin kicked one tree and caught the fruit as it fell towards her face.
For a while, she sat on the ground and stared at the fruit. The trees provided her with shade; the wind blew her hair back into her face. Eventually, Erin bit into the fruit and ate.
It was sweet and delicious. The juice was cool and refreshing. Erin tasted ash and dust. Mechanically, she finished the fruit and ate five more. Then she threw up.
Once she was done Erin ate another fruit. It helped with the taste. Then she stared at the mess of fruit and the stained seed core in her hands.
She cracked open the seed core and stared at the pulpy mess inside. Poison. It was probably a really painful way to die. The smell was terrible. It would probably taste terrible.
Poison was a terrible way to die. Almost as bad as melting your face off.
Thump. Thump.
Erin smacked her head against the tree. It was nice and hard. The blue fruits showered down around her.
Thump. Thump. Thump.
She stopped when she saw the Goblins. They were standing at the edge of the orchard, four of them. They fled the instant her eyes fell on them.
One of the Goblins dropped something in its panic. Erin walked over and picked up the small basket made of twigs. It wasn’t very good.
She turned and looked at the orchard. Fruit trees. Of course. They were probably hungry too. She couldn’t see them eating the rock crabs, and the dino birds would probably eat them if they tried to steal their eggs. Aside from the occasional traveler, what else could Goblins eat?
