1.19
Page 4
“All [Tacticians] can tell when they’re being led into a trap! It’s a class skill! How do you not know this? If you play one in a game they’ll win almost every time! Plus that idiot loves to play that stupid game!”
The Olesm looked up and glared at Relc. Erin glared too.
“It’s not a stupid game. And so what if he likes to play? Like I said, so do I. And I’m a good player.”
“You still can’t win.”
“I can.”
“You can’t.”
“Oh, hi Klbkch.”
Erin turned away from Relc and waved at the silent ant man who had come up behind Relc. Klbkch nodded at her politely.
“Miss Solstice. Please forgive my companion’s interruption. We are on duty and it is improper of us to disturb a member of the public without cause. But Relc insisted we speak with you once we heard of the bet that had been made.”
“Really? You heard about the bet?”
Klbkch nodded.
“Indeed. It is all over the city.”
“Yeah, everyone was talking about the stupid Human who was dumb enough to wager on a game of chess against that idiot.”
Relc jerked his thumb at Olesm. The other Drake continued pondering the board, but Erin could see him grinding his teeth in his seat.
Klbkch nodded.
“I understand this is a bet made to recover your lost coin. However, I fear I must issue the same warning as Relc. The odds of you winning a game against Olesm are quite slim.”
“Olesm. Oh yeah, that’s what his name is.”
Erin covered a smile as Olesm’s eye twitched. She turned to Klbkch and Relc.
“Look, I’m glad you two care. But I’ve got this. It’s fine. You’ll see.”
The two guardsmen stared at her, unconvinced. Relc turned to Klbkch and whispered. Unfortunately his voice was still quite loud and Erin and those around them could hear him quite plainly.
“I don’t think she gets it. Humans are kinda slow. You explain the [Tactician] bit to her.”
“I believe you have given her adequate information. If she will not listen to you, she will not listen to me.”
“Exactly. So stop calling me stupid or I’ll hit you.”
Erin glared at Relc who shuffled his feet and looked away. She glared at Klbkch who raised all four of his hands  and bowed his head and then shifted her glare back to Relc.
“Let me play. You two can watch, but I’m going to play and win.”
“But—”
Erin raised a finger.
“No. Go away and let me play.”
Relc opened his mouth, closed it, and then hissed long and loud. He threw up his hands and stomped back into the crowd.
“Humans!”
Erin slid back into her seat and smiled at Olesm.
“Sorry about that.”
Olesm glanced over Erin’s shoulder and sniffed at Relc and Klbkch.
“Think nothing of it. But if we’re done with the interruptions, it’s your move.”
“So it is.”
Erin pondered the board. Then she slid another piece forwards.
“Oi, Klbkch. What’s she doing? Was that a good move? It looked like a bad move.”
“I am uncertain at this point. Allow me a few moments to assess the board before I give you my opinion. And please, lower your voice.”
Erin covered a smile as Olesm’s eye twitched. She waited for him to play another piece. As she did, she studied the board.
Chess. The pieces were different, and she was playing in a street in a city full of walking lizards and talking ants. But it was still chess.
It was wonderful to play again.
 
—-
 
Olesm frowned as he toyed with a bishop Erin had cornered with one of her knights. He moved it diagonally one way, and then frowned. Then he moved it another way and frowned again. He glanced up at Erin.
She stared back at him innocently.
