1.19
Page 1
“So? I offered you my goods and you paid my price. That is a basic rule of buying and selling. I have done nothing wrong.”
There was a general murmur of agreement from the shop owners and a discontented rumble among the shoppers. Erin leaned over the counter.
“Oh yeah? What if I’m not happy about what you sold me? I think for three gold coins you should be selling me enough onions to fill the bottom floor of my inn. So how about I return you what I’ve purchased and you give me a complete refund?”
The Drake sneered at her.
“Do you take me for a slow-witted hatchling, or a Human fool? I won’t accept food that’s days old! Besides, this store does not give out refunds!”
“Really? Where does it say that?”
“Right here.”
The Drake pointed to a sign. Erin stared at it and up at him with narrowed eyes amidst the laughter. Then she grinned.
“Oh, right. It does say that, doesn’t it? Too bad I can’t read. But I do remember you had your prices listed as well, didn’t you?”
She looked around at the other pieces of paper pinned to the wooden stall. The Drake shopkeeper lunged, but Erin was quicker. She pulled the familiar piece of paper away and waved it in front of his face.
“Well. Why don’t we call the Watch after all? Buying and selling is all very well, but what about sticking to prices you write down?”
The Drake shopkeeper hissed again, long and slow this time. His eyes flicked to the paper and back to Erin’s face. He wasn’t sweating, but Erin was pretty sure lizards didn’t sweat.
“Even—even if you have that bit of paper, what of it? I sell to many customers. And you—I barely remember what I’ve sold to you, let alone my last customer.”
“A bag of flour, one pot of oil, a small bag of salt, sugar, yeast, four sausages, and two onions.”
Erin said it instantly. She paused for a second.
“And one crappy bag.”
The Drake stared at her with open mouth. She smiled sweetly at him.
“I’ve got a good memory. A really good one, actually.”
He didn’t have much to say to that. But the look on the shopkeeper’s face told Erin he wasn’t about to start tossing gold coins around. She leaned over the counter and stared at him. She wished she wasn’t so close. His breath smelled of rotted meat.
“I want my money back. I’ll give you a few silver coins for what I paid, but I’m not leaving here until you give me my money. Now, we can do this the hard way and call a bunch of people over and you can lose all your business for the day, or you can give my money back and I’ll—hey, is that a chess board?”
Erin pointed at one of the Drake shopkeeper’s displays. Everyone turned and looked.
“Oh hey, it is! It’s just like—I mean, the pieces are different but it’s chess, it is!”
The Drake snarled and batted Erin’s hands away.
“Get your hands off that! This is a valuable item!”
Erin glared back.
“It’s a chess board. Unless it’s made out of gold—which it’s not, it’s made out of stone—it’s about as expensive as that food you sold me. So I guess you’re selling this for three gold coins, too?”
That got another laugh from the crowd who had gathered to watch Erin’s showdown with the shopkeeper. The Drake on the other hand just grabbed the chess board and pieces and went to shove them below his counter. Then he stopped and turned to her with a gleam in his eye.
“Are you a player of chess, Human? If so, why don’t we bet on a game?”
Erin raised one eyebrow.
“You mean, we play a game of chess for my money? Why should I do that?”
The Drake spread his arms innocently. Erin noticed his tail was waggling on the floor but she pretended not to notice.
