1.20
Page 4
“I feel bad about that, actually.”
“Bad?”
Krshia stared at Erin in surprise and then laughed again.
“Humans are strange. He would not give you the same if he were in your place, he surely would not.”
Erin shrugged.
“Still, it’s not nice. And the law should be equal for everyone.”
Again, Krshia stared at Erin. She shifted uncomfortably.
“Well, that’s what I was always taught.”
The Gnoll shook her head.
“Humans. If one is greater, they are greater than others, yes? There is no fairness in the hunt. And the sharing of the kill only comes after the pack leader has eaten her fill, yes? You have friends. And you have more courage than foolish Lism. You two would never be equals, no.”
“I guess you’re right. But I still feel bad.”
Erin changed the subject.
“So. These deliveries…how do they work?”
Krshia smiled. She pointed to a small wooden bowl filled with brightly painted wooded triangles. Erin looked at them and saw each had an intricate little design of red and gold that made up a pattern around the edge.
“These are Messenger Seals. They are for Runners. When I give you one, I will keep its twin, yes? Then when a Runner delivers your goods you will give him the Seal you have, and then I will know my goods have been delivered. It is simple.”
Erin picked up one of the pieces of wood.
“So you’re saying it’s like a postal service?”
“A what?”
“Um. A delivery service?”
“That is what I have said, Erin Solstice.”
Erin blushed while Krshia grinned toothily at her and laughed.
“Right, sorry. I just haven’t ever heard of these Runners before. What do they do, besides make deliveries?”
Krshia gave her a long look. She seemed to be checking whether Erin was making fun of her.
“Runners run. They are quick ones, those who can run long distances to earn money. Sometimes they deliver letters, other times valuable things. Goods, yes? Magical items, messages that must only be spoken to one person. Such are expensive requests though. Only the best carry such things. Most just deliver goods very cheaply. I can call one and have all that you buy delivered to your inn for a good price.”
That sounded good, but Erin had learned skepticism here.
“What’s a good price?”
“It is the broken inn a few miles east of here, yes?”
Erin nodded. Krshia scratched her chin.
“Four silver coins. Not a small price. If it were the city it would be one, or maybe coppers for a small delivery. But it is far, yes? And if it is heavy and monsters lurk, the price goes up. You are lucky the Goblins are scarce and the Rock Hiders do not travel this late in the season.”
Erin thought about that. It sounded really good. Better than carrying anything herself.
“I like it.”
Krshia grinned at her again. This time Erin grinned back using all of her teeth.
“I knew I liked you for a reason. Then tell me what you want and let us not waste the light, eh?”
“Sounds good to me.”
—-
Later that evening Erin sat in her inn and felt at her money pouch. It was a lot lighter now, but she felt a lot better about it. She felt a lot better about life, actually.
She had fresh clothes on, and she no longer smelled of…well, she no longer smelled. Instead her skin had been bathed in a minty scent from the soap she’d used. And she hadn’t had to dodge fish in the stream while bathing either. She’d gone to a bathhouse in the city.
