1.20
Page 1
Olesm drooped further. Erin could practically feel him kicking himself. She tried to cheer him up.
“Don’t feel bad. I’m not a professional player, but I’ve won a chess tournament or two in my time. I even played a Grandmaster, once. One of the few female ones which was really cool. But I was so nervous at the time I totally forgot to castle, and I lost my rook to—”
Erin broke off and cleared her throat, blushing. It was a bad memory, but at least Olesm stopped looking like a kicked puppy-lizard. Indeed, he was staring at her with vivid interest.
“Is this Grandmastery you speak of a class? Is it possible—could I take such a class myself?”
An alarm bell went off in Erin’s head. She tried to think fast and failed.
“Um. Maybe? It’s more like a title where I come from. Besides, Grandmasters only play chess. I’m not sure if that’s a class.”
Olesm nodded. Erin could practically see him taking notes in his head.
“Perhaps it’s a class only obtainable at high level in the [Strategist] class line. If ever I have the opportunity I shall take that class at once.”
“You can do that?”
Erin blurted it out. Olesm nodded again.
“Of course. I am merely a lowly [Tactician], the first of the strategist class line. But should I advance in level and learn more skills I might qualify for the [Strategist] class. And perhaps after that I might one day become a [Grandmaster]…? It makes my scales shiver to imagine such a class.”
Olesm stared dreamily off into the air. Erin edged away from him a bit.
“Right, well good luck with that.”
She wanted to go back and get her money, which the Drake shopkeeper was practically begging Relc to take as the other Drake frolicked in the destruction of his shop. But Olesm had her cornered and now Klbkch was on her tail.
“Miss Solstice. I believe this is your wager.”
He offered her three gold coins and a few copper and silver ones. Erin took them gratefully.
“Thank you, Klbkch.”
“I am merely fulfilling my duty as a member of the Watch. And once again may I congratulate you on your victory? I would greatly enjoy playing a game against you once I am off-duty. ”
Olesm nodded in fervent agreement. Erin smiled and wondered whether they’d follow her back to the inn.
“Another game? Sure, sure. After I finish my shopping—maybe another day?”
Klbkch nodded while Olesm visibly drooped. Erin felt bad, but she also knew his type. As in the type of player who would challenge her to another game day and night unless she said no.
“Tell you what, next time we can play a few games. Not just chess—if you guys have got other strategy games I’d love to play them too.”
Olesm’s face lit up.
“Do you like these kinds of games, Miss Solstice? I’m sure you must be quite good at any game you play.”
Erin grinned and waved a hand self-deprecatingly. She noticed Klbkch glancing at Olesm silently, but then the ant man returned his attention to her.
“Oh, I love all kinds of strategy games. I always surfed Youtube for—uh, what I mean is I used to watch and play tons of chess games. And not just chess; I learned how to play shogi, go, and even a few card games. But I couldn’t gamble so there was that.”
Erin shrugged. Klbkch stared at her blankly.
“Excuse me, but I am unfamiliar with these games. Is ‘shogi’ another game of strategy as chess is?”
“No, no. Shogi is a game that originated in Japan. And uh, Japan is…and…um…”
Erin trailed off. Klbkch and Olesm stared at her intently. She could practically see the Drake’s eyes lighting up in eager interest.
