1.20
Page 0

“Checkmate.”
At last Erin slid her last rook into position. Olesm stared at the board and then tipped over his king with a trembling claw.
Erin cracked her fingers and grinned. It wasn’t her best game, but she’d gone for style over efficiency. Her opponent had a single king left in the middle of her pieces and she had a small army surrounding him. She smiled up at Olesm who’d turned pale. Her audience was gaping at her and the chess board.
“Good game. Let’s play again sometime, okay?”
She reached over and patted Olesm on the shoulder. The Drake looked slightly shell-shocked and made no reply. Erin shrugged and stood up.
Klbkch and Relc made their way through the crowd to her. Relc was gaping at the board.
“You won. But how did—but he’s—you won!”
“Congratulations on your victory, Miss Solstice.”
“Why thank you, Klbkch.”
Erin grinned at Klbkch. The ant man nodded back.
“May I ask how you managed such an incredible display? I would not have thought it possible, nor deemed it prudent to bet against Olesm in a game of chess until this moment.”
Erin shrugged. There was no harm in telling. Besides, both the shopkeeper and his nephew were still staring at the board.
“You said he’s played for a year, right?”
Klbkch nodded.
“And he is a Level 22 [Tactician]. There are no higher-level Tacticians even within the Liscorian army.”
“Good for him. But I’ve been playing chess for twelve years now. I started a bit late, but I used to play at least three games before I went to sleep each night. He might have a fancy skill, but a rookie’s still a rookie.”
This time it was Klbkch’s turn to do the staring with Relc. Erin smiled at both of them and then tapped the shopkeeper on the shoulder.
“I want my money back. All of it, thank you. And while you’re at it I’ll buy the chess board and pieces too.”
The Drake gaped at her. Then the color returned to the scales in his face and he backed away.
“I—that game was—”
Erin interrupted him.
“If you’re about to say it was rigged, don’t bother. And if you want a rematch, I’ll gladly play again if you double how much you owe me. But otherwise, don’t bother. I want my money.”
The Drake blanched and his scales turned pale. Erin smiled at him. His tail was twitching hard in agitation.
“My mind is…slightly hazy. I’m afraid I have no recollection of how much you spent. Unless of course you could tell me?”
Erin gave him a winning smile.
“I have no idea. But I’m sure Klbkch and Relc could help you find out.”
The shopkeeper turned pale. Klbkch nodded seriously and bowed in his direction.
“As a Senior Guardsman we would be happy to provide assistance in assessing all financial income for your business, as well as any unpaid taxes that may be extant. For now we will have to order your shop closed while we begin a thorough investigation of your wares and inventory.”
Relc grinned evilly.
“Right. Let’s start flipping over tables until we find a receipt.”
The Drake shopkeeper made a strangled shrieking sound. He tried to block Relc, but the other Drake was already happily trashing his store. Erin hid a grin.
Olesm walked up to her, his tail dragging low on the ground.
“I must congratulate you, Mistress Solstice. I have been truly humbled by your skill. Please, accept my sincerest apologies for questioning your ability.”
Erin fidgeted awkwardly. She hated this bit.
“Oh no, you were a good player too. I really shouldn’t have played like that as well against a rooki—another player.”
“You are too kind. But I know when I’m outclassed. I have to ask—are you a [Tactician] by any chance?”
“Me? No. I’m not. Sorry?”
