1.21
Page 3
“Pads.”
Krshia looked up from her pile of copper and silver coins.
“Yes, Erin Solstice?”
Erin took a deep breath. She couldn’t get mad. Not now, when her goal was so close.
“Pads. I want to buy pads. Or tampons, if you guys actually have those.”
The Gnoll shopkeeper was sitting down, but her head was almost higher than Erin’s. She blinked at Erin.
“What are these pads you speak of? Are they bandages?”
Erin’s blood froze. She felt the earth beneath her begin to open, and choir of undead hands reaching up to pull her into the fiery pits of hell.
“Please tell me you’re joking.”
Bits of fur flew into the air as Krshia shook her head.
“Apologies. It is shedding season. Why are you so concerned, Erin Solstice?”
Erin leaned forwards and whispered loudly to Krshia.
“I’m bleeding. I need pads. Cloth pads, now.”
“Bleeding? Where?”
Maybe the Gnoll really was messing with her, or she didn’t have the same sense of public decency Erin did. Either way, Erin leaned forwards and whispered the location in Krshia’s ear.
The Gnoll shrugged.
“Is it not fine?”
Erin gaped at her. Krshia scratched the fur around her neck looking unconcerned.
“It is only liquid, yes? And all who smell you will know either way. Why waste good cloth?”
Erin stared at her. Krshia stopped scratching.
“What?”
“Are you messing with me? Because if you are, I’m not in the mood for it.”
“I would not tease a young one like you when you stink of sweat and blood.”
Krshia looked mildly offended. Erin rubbed at her eyes and crossed her legs.
“Sorry. It’s just—you can smell that? Seriously? No, don’t tell me. I really don’t want to know. Don’t Gnolls have periods too?”
The Gnoll in question tilted her head slightly and make a confused face.
“Periods?”
“The menstrual cycle. You know, that time of the month when you donate blood. When Aunt Flo comes to town. Shark week. The Crimson Tide. Parting the Red Sea!”
Krshia blinked at her. Erin felt her voice growing louder.
“You know! Riding the cotton pony! It’s that thing ladies have! The waterfalls of hell! The blood baptism! The get-out-of-swim-class card! The proof of womanhood! The part of the month where blood comes out of your—”
 
—-
 
Erin squatted on the ground, head buried in her arms. The other shoppers stared at her. The shopkeepers stared at her. Half of them looked sympathetic. The other half looked disgusted. The children were torn between impressed and horrified.
A heavy, furry hand patted Erin on the shoulder.
“Humans have very strange bodies, yes?”
“…Yes.”
She really hadn’t meant to shout.
“I really didn’t mean to shout.”
“It is nothing.”
Krshia flicked her fingers dismissively.
“Shouting is good. Almost as good as howling, but we are forbidden to do that unless it is a full moon. But I am sorry. Gnolls do not have your periods, nor do we let our blood each month.”
“So you don’t have anything like that?”
The Gnoll paused. She tapped her lips with one finger and nodded.
“The blood. It is for mating, yes? We do have a similar time. All those who still are able to bear children, we go into a heat. It is called estrus, but it happens only once or twice a year. It is the time when we mate.”
Erin looked up at her.
“Does it hurt?”
Krshia scratched one ear and shook her head. More fur flew into the air.
“It is enjoyable. Some look forwards to it. It is a time to have sex and to bear children and  and so we are happy when it comes to us.”
Erin pointed a shaking finger at Krshia.
“I hate you so much right now I can’t even explain.”
The Gnoll grinned at her, but without any malice.
