1.21
Page 4
“I am sorry for your plight. But I have no smooth cloths. But I do have these. These are wool; not finely woven, but strong. Would you like a few?”
Erin looked at the rough fabric offered to her and shuddered.
“Do you have any idea—no. Just please, please tell me there’s someone who sells what I need in the city.”
Again, Krshia scratched her head. Erin wondered if she had fleas.
“Hm. No.”
“No?”
“We Gnolls need no padding. And the Drake folk and Antinium, they need none either. Humans are rare here, so I would not think any padding you wish for exists in any store.”
The blood drained from Erin’s face. She stared open-mouthed at the shopkeeper, who looked concerned at her expression.
“Is it so bad?”
“I—I’m going to die.”
“Not from so little blood, I think. But I have a thought.”
Erin latched onto the ray of hope instantly.
“Yes? Tell me. What’s your thought?”
“The Adventurer’s Guild. They have bandages. Many bandages. If you cannot stop this blood, they would be able to help more than I. And bandages are soft, yes?”
“Yes—yes they are.”
Erin was on her feet in an instant. She waddled away from the Gnoll and then stopped.
“Thanks. I uh, gotta go. See you later.”
Bemused, the Gnoll watched Erin walk awkwardly out of sight. She looked at a female Drake who was passing by her shop. She bared her teeth in a grin.
“Humans, eh?”
 
—-
 
The cool wood counter of the reception desk in the Adventurer’s Guild felt good on Erin’s head. She rested her head there and wished she didn’t have to deal with the world.
“So you really have blood coming from down there? And it happens every month?”
“Yes.”
“That’s so weird.”
Erin groaned. She looked up at Selys, the helpful receptionist. She’d been grateful to find the female Drake was working today, but she really, really couldn’t deal with her innocent curiosity.
“I know. Everyone keeps telling me that. But please, do you have bandages? Thin, soft fabric?”
Selys nodded and pulled a drawer out. She fished out a roll of thin, white fabric and showed it to Erin.
“We’ve got lots, just in case there’s an emergency. How much do you need?”
“Lots.”
Erin said it glumly as she fished out her meager ration of coins. She tried to calculate how many rolls of bandages she’d need, and how she’d turn them into a pad. She needed to buy food—but this was more important.
“I’m going to need enough for a week, maybe. And I need to use the bandages to make a pad. You know, to cover the area. And I change pads every few hours sometimes, so…”
Drakes didn’t have eyebrows, so Selys couldn’t raise them. But she widened her eyes and flicked her long tongue out.
“That’s expensive. Sorry Erin, but I’m not sure you’ll have enough money for that. Bandages are cheap, but you’ll be using a lot.”
“Tell me about it. On bad days back home I used to use a ton of pads each day before I switched to tampons. And let me tell you, that was a psychological shift as well.”
Selys looked blank. Erin waved her hand. She wasn’t about to open that can of worms.
“Well, back on the topic of pads…why not make one that you can re-use more than once?”
Erin looked up at Selys.
“What?”
“Well, doesn’t that make sense? If you’re going to make these pads dirty, why not rewash them rather than keep throwing them away.”
As she opened her mouth to reply Erin’s brain froze. She tried to think of a response but she didn’t have any good one.
“Um. Uh, that’s—that’s actually a good idea. I heard they did that in developing countries but—okay. Okay, yeah. It’s gross, but yeah. How would I get one of those made?”
