1.21
Page 5
Selys smiled at Erin. There were still too many pointy teeth in the smile, but Erin was getting used to it.
“I’ve stitched up more than a few adventurers right here. I can make a few of these pads quite quickly if you want me to. I’ve got the skill [Fast Stitching] so it won’t take more than a few minutes.”
Erin leaned across the counter and seized Selys by the clawed hand. The receptionist blinked at her in surprise.
“Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you.”
“It’s nothing. Really. I’ll start on this pad right away. How should it look?”
“Um. Sort of like this.”
Erin showed Selys as the other Drake hmmed and began layering the cloth bandage together. They’d just finished the basic design and Erin had opened her coin pouch when she her a familiar growl from behind her.
Selys gulped, but Erin scowled. She turned around and looked up into the face of an irritated male Gnoll.
“Human. You still stink.”
“I’m not talking to you. Go away.”
He blinked at her, but Erin was already turning back to Selys. She felt a rough hand spin her around and nearly dropped her money. She narrowed her eyes up at the Gnoll.
“You stink of blood. I warned you last time – leave this place now.”
Erin felt her teeth grinding together. She clenched her jaw and looked up at the Gnoll. He was big and scary, but she was also pretty sure he wasn’t allowed to hit her. And even if he was, she was in a really bad mood. Unbidden, the thought occurred to her that she’d never figured out what [Tavern Brawling] actually did.
“Do I look like I’m in the mood to be bullied?”
The male Gnoll growled at her. Erin stared at him. She didn’t blink. She was really cramping up down below now, and the trickling sensation was not making anything better.
Her gaze locked with the Gnoll’s for a solid minute. He was looming over her, doing the classic male intimidation move. She was too angry and sore to care.
After another minute the Gnoll’s ears suddenly flattened for a second. He whirled, and walked away. Erin flipped him off with one hand and then turned back to Selys.
“Sorry. Where were we?”
The female Drake was staring at Erin with open mouth. Erin stared back at her and then flashed a smile.
“Bully me once, shame on you. Bully me twice—I get mean. And violent.”
“I can see that. But I would have known it anyways. Terbore might growl at you, but we all heard about how you killed that Goblin Chieftain by yourself. That was some story.”
Erin’s smile slipped for a fraction of a second.
“Oh. Someone told you about that?”
“Oh yes.”
Selsys nodded as she began stitching the bandages together with needle and thread. The fingers that held the long needle flashed back and forth across the fabric at mesmerizing speed.
“Klbkch had to turn in the Goblin Chieftain’s head here. We all heard about how you killed it. That’s amazing, by the way—Klb says you don’t even have any levels in a fighting class. How’d you do it?”
“Um. I burned his face off.”
“Oh, are you a [Mage] then? I saw a Human one in town the other day, but apparently he’s a troublemaker and a thief.”
“No, no. I’m no mage. It’s just—I used a trick. And I nearly died. I bet Klbkch didn’t mention that.”
“He said you were wounded. Was it bad?”
“Very. He gave me a healing potion. Without that I would have been a goner.”
Her hands paused in stitching as Selys stared at Erin.
“He gave you a healing potion? But that’s expensive. You must have been badly injured if Klbkch gave you his potion.”
Erin shifted nervously.
“Are they—are they expensive? Those potions, I mean.”
“Very.”
Selys nodded. She named the price and it was Erin’s turn to do the gaping.
