1.21
Page 6
“Well, it’s important that the Watch carries them in case someone gets hurt. They’re not supposed to use them unless someone’s really hurt, though. And the potions the Senior Guardsmen carry are even stronger. They can heal most big injuries in a moment. Unless you lose an arm or a body part, you’ll be fine in moments.”
“Yeah. They are good.”
Erin poked at her stomach reflexively. She sighed. Another mark on her debt to Klbkch.
“I’m just glad it was only a Goblin Chieftain. If the rest of the Goblins had come after me, I would have been dead.”
“Oh, if it had been a Goblin Raiding Party we’d have sent out the entire Watch to deal with them. I just don’t understand why a Chieftain would come after you. It doesn’t make sense.”
Erin blinked.
“A Goblin what now?”
“A Goblin Raiding Party. Haven’t you heard of them?”
“Uh. No…no I have not. We don’t have many Goblins where I come from.”
Selys sighed enviously as she finished the first pad and slid it over to Erin. The other girl felt at the soft fabric and smiled happily.
“You’re lucky. Goblins are a real problem around here. I mean, sure, the lone Goblin isn’t that dangerous. They’re only deadly in packs. That’s why we send out Senior Guardsman and post bounties on Goblins to keep their numbers down.”
“So you guys kill Goblins all the time? What about Chieftains? Do you sent adventurers after those guys?”
Erin didn’t know how she felt about that. Bad. But her sympathy only extended to the small Goblins, not the vicious, sadistic big ones.
“Chieftains? No, no. They’re far too dangerous to send most adventurers after.”
Selys shuddered.
“Why not?”
“It’s not that they’re stronger than the Watch. Relc, Klbkch, even some of the regular Watch are probably better fighters than Chieftains. It’s just that they’re—tough. And strong. And when they call their tribe well, the average group of adventurers would get wiped out against that mob.”
“So you’re not sending adventurers out against a raiding party either, then?”
“Gods no. If we hear about one of those we form a hunting party and try to get rid of it right away. A raiding party can wipe out a village in an hour if we don’t get to it in time.”
“Nasty.”
“It is. Here’s another pad.”
“Thanks. Sorry I can’t pay you more—it’s just that I don’t have much money from this innkeeping thing.”
Selys waved her needle at Erin.
“Don’t apologize. I’m happy to help. But I’m afraid I could have warned you that innkeeping in that old inn isn’t a good idea.”
“Why not?”
“Well, what level are you? Ten? Twenty?”
“Nine.”
“See, that’s not too good. If you were in the city I’d say you should get apprenticed to another innkeeper until you’re at least Level 15. It might take a year or two, but then you’d have a few good skills to run your inn with. And I wouldn’t have an inn that far away from the city to begin with.”
“Yeah. No one comes by. Is it because I’m human? Or is it too far to walk?”
Another pad finished, Selys picked up the roll of bandages and cut off more for the last pad. She lined the backing with a stiffer cloth and then sewed layers of the soft bandage on top.
“Both, I’d say. It’s dangerous to come out that far—well, not too dangerous but it’s a bit of a deterrent. Your being Human isn’t bad, but…”
“But…?”
“Well, I’ve heard Relc talking in bars. He says you make pasta. Is…is that all you sell?”
“Um. Yeah. I can make other things. I’ve got [Basic Cooking], but—what’s wrong?”
