1.22
Page 5
“I never had high hopes for you in the first place. I just think it’s too bad, that’s all. You know magic and you don’t do anything with it.”
Pisces put down his fork.
“Some would say magic is its own reward. I would.”
“I guess.”
Erin sighed. She felt like she was talking to a wall. A particularly annoying wall with bad hygiene.
“You know, if you actually helped people and were a bit nicer, I think you’d actually be fun to hang around. Why are you so rude to everyone?”
She hadn’t meant it to sting, but clearly it hit Pisces somewhere vulnerable. He sat up straight in his chair, his eyes flashing.
“Thus far I haven’t found any people worthy of my assistance. Why should I help those who judge me in ignorance and fear?”
Erin blinked up at him. The young mage’s face was pale with indignation, but spots of color flared in each cheek. She thought about asking him another question—but he was in no mood for conversation.
Instead, Erin shrugged and stood up.
“Because you’re a better person than they are.”
She collected his plate and hers and left the mage sitting at the table. When she came out of the kitchen he was gone.
 
—-
 
The next day Erin got up and went to check on her fly traps. They’d worked scarily well.
All four glass jars were filled with crawling, wriggling shapes. Erin took one look at the jars, gagged a bit, and then had to go sit down.
“Oh man. Oh wow. That’s the nastiest thing I’ve ever seen.”
It was also, on reflection, the scariest thing she’d ever seen. Erin wondered what would happen if she accidentally knocked the lid off of one of the jars. She recalled Pisces’s comment about melting flesh and shuddered.
Carefully, Erin walked over to the jars. She repeatedly thought about how important it was not to trip.
Her foot caught on a tuft of grass. Erin windmilled her arms wildly and caught herself just before she tripped into one of the jars.
“Not okay. Not okay.”
Before her heart could finish stopping, Erin adjusted the lids of each jar so they firmly covered the openings. Now the acid flies couldn’t get out at all.
“That’s better.”
Erin hefted one of the jars up and felt some of the acid flies explode within.
“Oof. That’s heavy.”
She shifted as the acid and flies shifted in the jar. For such little insects, they weighed a ton.
“Gotta be all the acid in their backsides. Okay. This could take a while.”
Erin took one step, and then another. She adjusted her grip around the glass jar so she wouldn’t drop it. She’d have to watch the ground for potholes, but she was pretty happy with her posture. She took another step, and tripped over another of the glass fly traps.
The ground rushed to meet Erin’s face. She realized she was still holding the glass jar and hurled it away from her just in time. She smacked into the ground hard and exhaled hard. Aside from that, she was fine.
Then Erin heard the glass jar shatter as it hit the ground. She rolled to her feet and stood up.
The large glass jar lay in shards on the grass. Green-gray acidic sludge dripped onto the ground, raising steam and hissing where it met the soil. For a moment, all was still among the wreckage. Then, with a horrific buzzing a swarm of black shapes flew into the air.
Erin felt her heart stop. She looked up at the spiraling cloud of flies. They flew around wildly, looking for whatever had disturbed them. Erin backed away slowly, praying they would ignore her. For a moment it seemed as if they would fly off, but then the entire direction of the swarm changed. The cloud of flies seemed to recoil, and then encircled Erin in an instant.
