1.22
Page 4
“I cannot fathom it. I was—am one of the best players in on the continent! I have outplayed [Tacticians] and other mages of similar caliber and skill. How could you defeat me?”
She shrugged.
“Amateurs are still amateurs. By the way, I’ll put the money you bet me on your tab.”
“Ah. That. Clearly I made a miscalculation. Would you care to waive my debts if I—”
“No. You bet and I won. No arguing. Eat your eggs.”
Erin heard a loud sniff, but after a moment she also heard the clink of metal on pottery.
“I must admit, this is better fare than your unfortunate soup of yesterday.”
She looked up. Pisces quickly looked down at his plate.
After she’d glared for a bit, Erin asked a question that had been on her mind for a while.
“What do you do all day, anyways?”
Pisces looked up and swallowed the scrambled eggs.
“I study the mystical realms of the transmundane. To unlock the secrets of the ether and command over supernatural forces I—”
“You study.”
“Pretty much.”
Pisces shrugged and went back to munching on his breakfast.
“Do you need to study that much? I mean, don’t you know spells?”
He sighed.
“For all my magical proficiency, I cannot cast more than a few magics beyond the third tier in any field, and I am relegated to first and second-tier magics in most fields outside of my specialization.”
“Oh. Um. Magic has tiers?”
Pisces rolled his eyes.
“Indeed. Seven, or eight to be exact. There is a speculative ninth tier of magic, but no mage has ever cast or discovered a spell of such magic. In any case, to cast such spells mages such as I require concentration, time, and effort to unravel the workings of each new incantation.”
Again, Erin had to pause to figure out what Pisces was saying.
“Right. So you study to cast better spells. And I guess that makes you level up as well?”
“Obviously. It is a taxing affair, especially given that menial affairs such as lodging and sustenance must be taken care of while one attempts to study.”
Erin propped her head on one elbow.
“Almost makes you wish you had a job, huh?”
Pisces eyed her dourly.
“Until recently I had a quite profitable side business liberating unneeded supplies from the locals in exchange for entertainment. But now I abstain from such activities to stay within your good graces.”
“Yeah, and because Relc threatened to stab you if you kept doing it. That’s not really a good career path, you know.”
He sniffed loudly.
“I also had a far more lucrative occupation liberating unneeded items from those who were in no position to use them, but apparently that is considered a grave violation of privacy as well.”
“You rob the dead?”
“I reburied them afterwards.”
Erin opened her mouth, raised a finger, threw up her hands, and gave up. She stared at Pisces as the mage huffily finished his food.
“Why don’t you do something actually useful instead?”
“And what would I do that is so useful?”
“I dunno. What do mages do for a living? Blow up stuff with fireballs? Dispense sage advice? Sell their beards? I found a bunch of magic runes in the kitchen. They kept food fresh for—I dunno, years.”
“Ah. A [Preservation] spell, no doubt. Yes, that is certainly a service some mages skilled in runecraft can provide for plebeians.”
“…And? Can you do that?”
“I cannot.”
“Darn.”
“I am sorry to betray your high expectations in me, but I fear even a mage of my caliber cannot study every school of the higher arts.”
Erin glanced up at Pisces. The mage was scraping his plate with the knife and fork. She had the distinct impression he would have licked it if she weren’t watching.
