1.22
Page 6
Her heart had stopped. It wasn’t beating in her chest. Erin looked around desperately, but all she saw were buzzing, buzzing flies. They filled the sky, the ground, everything.
“I—”
They swarmed at her. Erin screamed and covered her eyes and mouth.
“Gust!”
Erin heard the voice, and then a raging gale blew around her. She staggered as the wind blew her around. The effect on the acid flies was even more pronounced. They were blasted away from Erin into a funnel of air which whirled them into one spot. They buzzed around angrily, disoriented and confused.
So was Erin. She looked around and saw a familiar young man wearing dirty grey robes. He was pointing a finger in her direction.
“Duck, Erin!”
Erin dove to the ground and hit the dirt hard. She looked up and saw Pisces raise one hand. A pale frost formed at his fingertips and half-visible gusts of wind blew around the length of his arm. He pointed at the disoriented swarm of acid flies.
“[Frozen Wind].”
A gentle breeze blew against the top of Erin’s head. Then, the air crackled and her hair froze in place. Erin could see the faintest trace of whirling air as it blew over her head. Where it passed, snow began to fall from the sky and she felt intense freezing cold engulf her.
The swarm of acid flies flew into the freezing breeze and fell out of the sky. Erin yelped and ran as they showered down around her, frozen insects that burst as they hit the ground.
She dove into the river, and leapt out of it just as quickly in case the flat fish tried to bite. When she cleared the water out of her eyes, the glowing swarm was gone, and all that was left was a circle of smoking dirt and frozen grass.
When Erin had finished shaking so hard she couldn’t move, she stood up. She was still trembling uncontrollably.
“That was the most amazing thing I’ve ever. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.”
She lurched over to Pisces. She wasn’t sure if she should throw her arms around him or start crying. She settled for a brief hug, and then doubled down and hugged him fiercely. He didn’t seem to notice.
Pisces was breathing hard. He stared at the sizzling patch of earth where the acid flies had been, as if mesmerized. She could see the whites of his eyes as they shifted towards her.
“It—that was a beginner’s spell. Not suitable for most combat and downplayed by my instructors. However, it was the best tool for the moment. All magic is worth using, after all.”
“Right.”
Erin nodded. Pisces nodded. His eyes flicked back to the patch of melted earth.
“You saved me. It was incredible, that spell.”
He shook his head and waved a hand weakly in her direction.
“I am—I am a mage of Wistram Academy. As a specialist of the Wind Elementalist field of magic, of course such displays are second—second—”
Pisces bent over and threw up in the grass. He retched, and then threw up again. Erin patted him on the back and waited for him to stop.
After a while Pisces wiped his mouth with a corner of his robe. His face was still pale, but he looked better.
“You were lucky I happened to be here. Very lucky.”
Erin nodded.
“I was. I really was.”
Pisces nodded back. Erin felt like they were both bobbleheads, but there was nothing else to do. He pointed a trembling finger at the three glass jars still holding the swarms of acid flies.
“If you insist on using such traps, might I suggest you anchor them in the stream?”
Erin looked blank.
“The stream? Why?”
“Several reasons.”
Pisces shakily counted them off on his fingers.
