1.22
Page 7
“Firstly, the natural buoyancy of the water would prevent the breakage of glass if the jars were dropped, or at least mitigate the danger of the acid flies. Secondly, the effects of wind and other native life would also be mitigated. And thirdly, I would not be at risk tripping over such traps.”
“Right. I can do that.”
She wasn’t sure if it was the moment, but the trembling in her body had nearly vanished. Erin grabbed a rock, tied a some long grass to it, and anchored the rock to the glass jar. She dropped the rock in the stream and watched the jar bob and float in the water.
“Hm. I need something heavy to make sure it stays upright. I guess sometimes the jars might turn over…but it’ll work. Better than leaving them on the ground. A hundred thousand times better.”
Pisces nodded again.
“Well.”
“Good thing you came along.”
Both nodded again. Pisces opened his mouth and grimaced. He went over to the stream and shakily rinsed his mouth out. Then he looked up at her.
“May I ask—what is it you plan to do now, Erin?”
She looked at him. Then she looked at the glass jars full of flies.
“I’m going to take these jars back to the inn. You’re coming with me in case I drop one. And then…”
“And then?”
“And then I’m going to feed you until you explode like one of the flies.”
Pisces glanced down at the glass jars and the milling acid flies within. He shuddered again.
“An apt description.”
 
—-
 
The jar of acid flies was a mix of acid and death. The corpses of hundreds—thousands of the small bugs floated in a sea of glowing green juice. It slopped against the side of the glass, an obscene testament of insectoid death.
“Hold on, I think there’s one left.”
Erin shook the glass jar. The last remaining acid fly bounced against the glass and popped dully within.
“What will you do with them?”
She looked up at Pisces. The mage was sitting several tables away from her, deliberately not looking at the glass jars.
“I’ll separate the flies and the acid. I don’t know what I’ll do with the acid.”
“If you dispose of it, please do so with utmost care. While the acid of these insects cannot eat through metal or many conventional materials, it is extremely quick to dissolve any organic material.”
Erin nodded. She carefully put the glass jar back in its corner and stood up.
“Right. Um. Want another piece of bread? Or would you like some more juice?”
The sight of the fresh bread and cup of juice made the mage’s face turn an indelicate shade of green. He patted his bloated stomach and erped. He covered his mouth with his hand, but Erin was pretty sure he’d nearly thrown up.
“Maybe not, then.”
“You have been most kind.”
Pisces stood up and clutched at his stomach. He wavered, and cast his eyes towards the door.
“Most kind. But the night is old, and I believe I shall retire.”
“Are you sure? I could get you a bag of food to go.”
He turned a darker shade of green and waved a hand quickly at her.
“You are very considerate, but no. No. I will be off. Thank you for your hospitality.”
“It was nothing. Let me get the door for you—there. Careful on your way out.”
She saw Pisces out the door and then turned and looked back at the table he’d sat in. It was filled with empty plates and crumbs. She debated cleaning it up, and then shook her head.
Carefully, Erin picked her way across the inn. She walked over to the three filled jars of acid flies and made sure for the umpteenth time that the lids were secure, and that she couldn’t see any flies still wriggling around inside.
