1.23
Page 3
“They are usually confined in villages to the north of Liscor. The city hosts many pigs, sheep, horses—”
Relc nodded and smacked his lips.
“Delicious. They’re great if you eat them half-raw. Speaking of which, got any food?”
“Oh, right. Sorry.”
Erin got up and mechanically began placing dishes on the table.
“Dinner will just be a few minutes while I warm everything up on the embers. Uh, what other creatures haven’t I seen yet?”
Relc scratched his head.
“What else? Um. What about those giant spiders? They’re probably hiding in their tunnels right now, but they’re still around..”
Klbkch twitched as Relc mentioned the spiders. Erin twitched too, and her skin crawled at the thought. Relc grinned at both and shook his head.
“Don’t worry. It’s not the right season for them. You’ll see a lot more wildlife around here in a month or so. This is the quietest time of the year, actually. Once the rains start you’ll see a ton of weird creatures, and then when it stops all the animals that travel come here to graze. And in the winter it gets really dangerous. There’s these things called Winter Sprites which are a pain in the tail…”
“Wonderful. I bet everyone comes here to see all the monsters who want to suck your face off.”
It might be that Drakes were impervious to sarcasm. Or it might have just been Relc’s natural obliviousness. He nodded happily as he licked his lips.
“We used to get a lot of travel down south. But that all stopped when the damn Necromancer appeared.”
“Necromancer? You mean Pisces?”
“That weakling mage? No. I mean the bad Necromancer that nearly destroyed the city about ten years ago. Is the food ready yet?”
“Not yet. So that’s why you guys hate the undead?”
Klbkch shook his head as Relc glanced longingly towards the kitchen where good smells were beginning to waft out.
“I believe the Necromancer did not help public perception, but the undead have always been considered a threat, Miss Solstice. It is said that the three most dangerous things to Liscor are rain, the undead, and war.”
“I can see war, but why rain and the undead?”
“Bah. They’re the real threats. War? Huh. We don’t fear war.”
“That is true. Most residents of Liscor do not fear war. I personally deem this unwise given the volatile nature of conflict between nations on this continent!”
“Hah! Even if all the northern and southern cities burn, Liscor will never fall!”
Relc slammed a fist on the table and then looked at Erin beseechingly.
“Can I at least have a drink? Blue fruit juice?”
“Oh, of course. Just a second.”
Erin hurried into the kitchen to grab glasses and the pitcher of freshly-squeezed juice. When she got back she heard Klbkch and Relc arguing.
“—The certainty of Drakes in the impregnability of Liscor seems unwise. My people have brought up the need for increased vigilance to your governing body but—”
“What’s the problem with the Watch, huh? You’re part of it. You know we can take care of any monsters that appear. And if an army does come here, so what? There’s only two ways into this valley. North and south. The mountains are practically impassible, and the Blood Fields guard the southern border. Even if an army comes through, the Floodplains will cut off any chance of siege. What don’t you get about that?”
“The north is still relatively unguarded. If the Human cities-states were to unite—”
“Human cities?”
Erin leaned over the table and nearly spilled juice all over Relc. She looked at the two.
“There are humans around here? Where?”
“To the north. Duh.”
