1.23
Page 4
Relc raised his eyebrows while Erin struggled not to throttle him. Klbkch glanced sideways at Erin and then back to his drink.
“And? Um, what do the human cities do?”
“Who knows? They’re Humans. We have an okay relationship with them. They don’t come over here and stomp on our tails, and we don’t eat them.”
Erin sagged slightly. Klbkch kicked Relc under the table and the Drake glanced up at Erin. His eyes widened.
“Oh. Um, uh, like I was saying though Klbkch, Liscor would never fall! Even if an army did attack from the north, we could just recall our army. Unless they could breach our walls in a week or less, the army would come running right back and smash them. See?”
“Is your army really that great?”
Relc nodded proudly as Klbkch indicated his agreement.
“The Liscorian army is famous. Don’t you know? We fight battles for other nations and they pay us to kick our enemies to shreds. We field two thousand Drakes and a few hundred Gnolls at any given moment. Now, I know that sounds like a small army to you, but their average Level is 16. How about that, then?”
She wasn’t sure what to make of that. It sounded quite low.
“Um. It’s good?”
“Good? It’s great! The average level of soldiers in other armies is Level 8. Eight. Get it?”
She did. And when Relc put it that way, it was impressive.
“So the uh, Liscorian army is twice as strong as other armies?”
Klbkch shook his head.
“That is not entirely correct. Levels cannot replace tactics or numerical superiority, or equipment for that matter. However, it is still a potent deterrent to larger forces. That allows the Liscorian army to fight as a mercenary without prolonged engagements.”
“Exactly. Any army that runs up against ours knows that if things get serious, they’ll bleed for every soldier they bring down. That’s why we can earn so much money fighting abroad.”
“So are they here? In the city, I mean?”
“Nah. They’re almost always out on some campaign. The Liscorian army fights wherever. I think they were in the east, fighting near one of the Walled Cities.”
That all made a sort of sense to Erin, although she was having a hard time thinking of a parallel with her world. That was also because she hated history class. But she vaguely recalled the Mongols doing something similar. Or was it the Turks? The Swiss? Now she had no idea.
But Erin did have one question. She raised an eyebrow at Relc.
“So your army goes out and fights for money? Isn’t that dangerous if someone attacks here?”
“Exactly my point. If a stranger to our city can identify the weak spot so quickly, why is the populace so resistant to any suggestions regarding defence?”
Relc shook his head at both Klbkch and Erin angrily.
“Like I said, Liscor’s got a lot of natural defenses. Besides, what army in their right minds would want to attack a Colony?”
Erin sensed her food was nice and warm, but that last word bothered her. She lingered, her hands on the table.
“A what? What’s a Colony?”
Relc waved his hand at Klbkch.
“This city. Liscor. It’s home to a bunch of Antinium—not the violent kind, the peaceful ones. But they live here, so that makes it a Colony. One of six—no, five in the world.”
Erin turned to look at Klbkch. He nodded in agreement.
“We have a standing contract with the people of Liscor. In exchange for our presence, we provide services and goods to the city. It is a mutually beneficial arrangement.”
“Yeah, it was weird having the Antinium around, but it turned out to be a good idea.”
Relc shrugged.
