1.23
Page 7
Relc had pushed aside his bowl of acid flies for more pasta and soup. Erin caught Klbkch munching down on those as she slid him his refilled bowl of acid flies.
“Well that’s the thing. No one knows what’s in those ruins. It could be nothing, but it also could be a ton of magical artifacts and treasure. It’s that big of a dungeon, apparently. Most ruins, well, they’re already explored or too dangerous to dive further into. A new spot like this is going to bring hundreds of idiots into Liscor, and guess who gets to watch them to make sure they don’t cause trouble?”
“You?”
“Exactly! It’s a pain in the tail, and we’re busy enough as it is. Now’s usually the time when we hire new recruits, so we’re going to be understaffed and working overtime.”
“It is a troublesome predicament.”
Klbkch didn’t stop eating as he spoke, which created an odd crunching background to his words, which already had a clicking nature to them.
“Naturally, the influx of adventuring parties leads to more trouble. However, it will also bring in needed trade and many merchants who seek to do business. Thus, while guardsmen such as Relc and myself find the situation hard to manage, the city is far more positive about these findings. Also, may I trouble you for another plate?”
Erin blinked down at the empty bowl.
“I just filled that. You really like those flies, don’t you?”
Klbkch nodded.
“It is…surprising. I had not known the acid flies of this region were so…tasty. Until this moment I had never attempted to consume one.”
“Yeah, I’ve never seen you eat like that, Klb! You’re eating like one of those pigs! Or a Gnoll!”
Relc laughed at Klbkch around a full mouth of food. Both Erin and Klbkch raised their hands to shield themselves from the splatter.
“Well, if you like it so much I guess I’m in business!”
Erin grinned happily.
“I had no idea it would be such a huge hit. It almost makes everything I had to do to get these buggers worth it. Almost.”
“Was it difficult?”
“Very. But hey, if I’m the only one who can catch these suckers, I can actually attract some customers! Klbkch, would you mind telling some of your friends about my inn? I’d love to have some more business.”
Klbkch visibly hesitated.
“Do you mean for me bring others of my kind, Miss Solstice?”
She shrugged.
“Yeah. Why not? If you liked the flies so much, I’m sure your friends would love them too. I’ve got a good system for harvesting them too—make them explode before you start carrying the glass jars around.”
Again, Klbkch hesitated.
“I am not sure that would be too…wise.”
“Why not?”
Relc was silent as he slurped down the last of his pasta, but he was watching Klbkch carefully from the corner of his eyes.
“My fellow…workers are not as used to dealing with other species as I. It would be imprudent to bother you with their presence.”
“Hey, if they’re like you I wouldn’t mind it. And if they don’t want to talk to me, I can just serve them more flies.”
Klbkch looked uncomfortable.
“I would not want to put you to any inconvenience.”
“Isn’t that what being an innkeeper is all about? Besides, I deal with Pisces. Come on. Bring a few of your friends and I’ll serve you acid flies until you explode.”
“Yeah, what’s the worst that could happen?”
Relc nodded. Her slurped down his pasta and thumped Klbkch on the back. Jovially. Erin and Klbkch glared at him. Deliberately, Erin began knocking against the hard wood of the table.
“Has no one here heard of Murphy’s Law?”
“What’s that?”
 

