1.23
Page 1
A baby blue liquid seeped from beneath the shell. The giant Rock Crap collapsed and slimy, blue Goblins dripping in entrails and crab shell emerged from underneath.
Erin backed away slowly. Her heart was pounding a million times per second. She imagined what would happen if one of the Goblins glanced over at her. They’d rush her and cover her in an instant.
But they were all intent on their kill. The Goblins were ripping the Rock Crab apart, hungrily scarfing down its guts. It was a sight to make Erin nauseous, but her stomach was already clenched tight from fear.
Eventually, she thought she was far enough away. Erin turned and ran.
 
—-
 
Most of the other Goblins didn’t see the departing human. They were too busy cracking the Rock Crab’s hard shell and scooping out its slimy entrails. They feasted.
But a few Goblins did notice the human. One with ragged clothes stopped biting into the Rock Crab’s bitter flesh and stopped to watch the young woman leave. It gripped a something in its pocket tightly. Soon. It would be soon.
The ragged pouch of coin jingled softly as the Goblin shook it. It—no, she looked around quickly, but the other Goblins were too busy gorging themselves to notice the small sound. The female Goblin stowed her pouch of coins among her ragged clothes.
Soon.
 
—-
 
When Relc and Klbkch tried the door to the Wandering Inn, they found it was locked. Only after Relc had knocked twice did the door open a crack. When Erin finally let the two in, she bolted the door as soon as they were inside.
Relc raised one non-existent eyebrow and flicked his tail idly at Erin.
“What’s gotten into you?”
“Greetings Miss Solstice. Is something wrong?”
Erin looked warily out the window, but felt better with Relc and Klbkch in the building.
“Goblins.”
“Goblins?”
Relc laughed as he and Klbkch sat themselves at one of the tables.
“What, are they throwing rocks at you again? If you want I could—um, scare them. But Goblins? Seriously? After you killed their Chieftain, what’s there to worry about?”
“How about a group of Goblins that can kill a giant rock-crab-thing in seconds?”
Erin snapped at Relc as the Drake laughed.
“It was the scariest thing I’ve seen. Some kind of raiding party swarmed over the crab and—”
“A raiding party?”
Relc sat up in his chair and grabbed for his spear.
“Where, and how many? Come on, Klbkch. We can head them off—”
He jumped to his feet. Erin waved her hands frantically.
“No, no! There’s way too many of them. Besides, I don’t want you to kill them! That would be—”
Relc interrupted Erin as Klbkch watched her silently. The Antinium’s hands were on his weapons too.
“Look, if there’s a raiding party out there, we need to take care of it. I can ignore a few Goblins, but a few hundred of them roaming around? That’s a threat.”
He went for the door, but Erin dragged him back. Or rather, tried to. Her feet slid uselessly across the ground and he didn’t even seem to notice her weight.
“Exactly how many Goblins were in this group you observed, Miss Solstice?”
Klbkch interrupted Erin’s futile struggling as Relc paused by the door.
“Well—”
Erin had to think.
“Not more than forty, I guess.”
Relc blinked and stopped unbolting the door. He looked back at Klbkch, and then down at Erin. Slowly, he walked back to his chair. Then he sat down in it and started to laugh.
Erin gaped as Relc chuckled, and then transitioned into full-scale guffaws of mirth. He covered his face with one claw and pounded the table with the other.
“Just what’s so funny?”
“A raiding party, she says! Hah!”
