1.23
Page 2
“I fear you were under a slight misapprehension, Miss Solstice.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah!”
Relc finally managed to get his laughter under control when Klbkch stepped on one of his feet. He wiped tears out of his eyes and grinned at Erin.
“That’s just the local tribe. Forty Goblins? Please. I could take out half of them without breaking a sweat. Between me and Klbkch, we could kill all of them—”
He broke off and cleared his throat.
“Not that we would.”
Klbkch nodded.
“Despite their competency, a Goblin tribe is no threat to any but lone stragglers, Miss Solstice.  On the other hand, a small raiding party is usually comprised of at least three hundred Goblins. Larger groups have been known to exceed a thousand individuals.”
“That’s not a raiding party. That’s an army.”
“Not if you’re a Goblin.”
Relc’s expression became serious as he leaned back in his chair.
“Yeah, like Klbkch said, a Goblin tribe isn’t dangerous. Maybe to you—but you killed their Chieftain, so I doubt they’d be brave enough to attack this place. Besides, if you lock the doors and windows they’ll have a hard time getting in. But when Goblins start appearing in numbers? That’s when things get nasty.”
She heard the silent cue and took it.
“How nasty?”
Klbkch leaned forwards over the table.
“Extremely. Although Goblins are considered a minor threat by most settlements of any size, when they do appear in numbers they are fully capable of wiping out villages, cities, and even nations in the past.”
“Get out.”
“It is quite true, Miss Solstice.”
Relc nodded.
“I’ve heard stories of the Goblin Crusades. And witnessed one myself. The last time one occurred, multiple armies of Goblins rampaged throughout the north and sailed across to the Human continent. Terandria. There were at least a hundred thousand Goblins in each army, and their king had a million Goblins at his back when we smashed him in the Blood Fields.”
Erin felt like she needed a history class, or at least a map.
“Blood Fields? What’s that?”
“It used to be a battlefield. Well, it still is. Lots of armies fight there, and so much blood has been spilled that the entire place has changed. The entire area is full of Blood Grass. Very nasty. Drinks blood and eats people if they’re not careful. I fought there twice.”
“Oh.”
Erin felt like she should say something else, but Relc’s expression had grown uncharacteristically serious. She searched for something else to say.
“Then…the Goblin tribe isn’t that dangerous?”
“Not to me or Klbkch. Just don’t walk into them and you should be fine. Most people can outrun a tribe unless they get trapped anyways.”
Relc flicked his tail dismissively.
“But they killed a Rock Crab!”
“Yeah, what’s that?”
“You know, that giant thing that hides under a rock? It goes clickclickclickclick—”
“Oh, that. Is that what you Humans call it? We just call them Hollowstone Deceivers. What’s a crab?”
“A creature that lives in the sea, I believe. The name is quite apt.”
“Whatever. It’s not that tough.”
Erin blinked at Relc.
“It’s not?”
He waved a hand at her dismissively.
“Oh, we’ve got a lot more freaky monsters living around here. Way more dangerous. They’re just all sleeping or somewhere else this time of year.”
“Or underground.”
“Yeah, or that.”
That didn’t sound good to Erin at all.
“I haven’t seen any of these other monsters. Just the dinosaur birds.”
Klbkch nodded.
“That is appropriate for the season. At this time of the year, the Floodplains contain few creatures besides the Goblins. Aside from grazing herds, most animals—”
“Herds? You guys have herds?”
Again, Klbkch nodded.
