1.23
Page 5
“Anyways, the bottom line is that the Ants defend the city if we’re ever attacked and help out with construction and other jobs. They send some of their people to work in jobs like Klbkch here. And in return we let them stay.”
“That doesn’t sound too fair. What’s in it for the Antinium?”
“No one kills them. And believe me; some people still hate their guts. Even if they’re the peaceful ones, not many nations want a Colony nearby.”
Erin looked at Klbkch. He didn’t seem inclined to disagree, but she did.
“They seem pretty good to me. Although Klbkch is the only one I’ve ever met. But he doesn’t cause trouble, or call Humans names, or do anything bad. Unlike certain Drakes I could name.”
“Thank you, Miss Solstice.”
Relc glared as Klbkch bowed his head. He flicked his tail back and forth on the ground and growled.
“Oh, the Ants are great. They’re quiet, they don’t get drunk, and they’re about as interesting as wood—until one of them goes crazy.”
Klbkch nodded.
“The strain of madness has not been eliminated from my generation. We have reduced the average instance of insanity by 14% per year, but we must remain vigilant.”
“What? Fourteen…what? Can you explain that bit to me?”
Klbkch nodded and opened his mandibles, but Relc’s stomach audibly growled. He poked Erin in the side which made her jump and earned him a foot-stomp from Klbkch, but he didn’t seem to notice. He whined at Erin.
“You can talk about the crazy Ants later. But right now…food?”
Erin dithered, but relented at last at the desperate look in Relc’s eyes.
“Oh, fine.”
She went into the kitchen and began lugging out a pot of soup, a basket of warm bread – a bit too dry from being near the embers – and her standard pasta with sausage and onions. Relc began to salivate the instant he saw the food.
“Sorry it took so long. I wanted to tell you guys about the Goblins so I forgot to heat stuff up.”
“No problem, no problem. Just put it here and all is forgiven. And oh yeah, we’ve got news too!”
Relc rubbed his claws together eagerly as Erin brought out plates and bowls.
“Ooh, is that soup? And bread? And pasta! That’s a lot of food!”
“Yeah, well, I was celebrating earlier. I cooked up a lot by accident.”
“Celebrathing? Celebrathing whu?”
It was hard to understand the Drake as he spoke through a mouth already busting with food. Erin politely averted her eyes as she replied.
“Oh, you know. Not dying.”
“’S good! Good to celebrath!”
Relc washed down his mouthful of bread and cheese with a cup full of blue fruit juice. Erin had other liquids for sale now too; regular apple juice and a refreshing minty drink, but the Drake had developed a taste for the sticky drink.
“I would like a bowl of soup too, if it would not trouble you, Miss Solstice.”
Erin glanced over at Klbkch and remembered. She put a frown on her face.
“Wait a minute. Is soup another one of those things Antinium can’t eat?”
Klbkch ducked his head.
“I assure you, soup is completely palatable to my kind.”
Erin glanced over at Relc who nodded agreeably as he stuffed his mouth with pasta. She put her hands on her hips.
“Okay, but I’m still mad about the pasta thing. So tell me—and I hope to god this is true or I’ll be really upset. Tell me, do the Antinium eat bugs or worms or stuff like that?”
Klbkch looked up into Erin’s face and hesitated.
“I would not like to offend your sensibilities with a description of my diet, Miss Solstice—”
“Offend away, by all means.”
Again, he hesitated.
