1.23
Page 0

“Baking soda.”
Krshia shook her head.
“I know not what that is. I have many things which can be baked, but none of this ‘soda’.”
Erin groaned. She felt she shouldn’t be surprised, but she still hated being surprised.
“How about baking powder? Everyone has baking powder!”
Again, Krshia shook her head.
“What is this powder supposed to bake, Erin Solstice?”
“Cookies.”
“And what are these ‘cookies’?”
Erin gaped at Krshia. She gestured with her hands.
“Cookies. You know? Small, round brown things?”
“Are you talking about cow leavings, Erin Solstice?”
“No!”
Furiously, Erin grabbed at her hair. She immediately let go. Her hair was not as hygienic or as clean as she was used to it being.
“How do you—this world doesn’t have cookies? How is that fair? How!?”
Erin stopped ranting and pounded her fist lightly into her hand.
“…How about ice cream?”
“What is this ice—”
 
—-
 
“Stupid worlds that don’t have ice cream. Stupid Gnolls who act nice and look at me like I’m insane. How does anyone live without ice cream and cookies?”
Erin grumbled to herself as she trudged back to her inn. She kicked the knee-high grass and wished she had a lawnmower the size of a skyscraper. Maybe then her legs wouldn’t itch so much after walking—
Clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick—
A familiar sound across the plains. It made Erin’s blood go cold. She stopped, listened, and then saw it.
A gigantic, grey, craggy rock seemed to be levitating across the grasslands. But that was only an illusion. If you looked closer, you’d see many legs churning up the soil underneath the rock. But Erin had no intention of getting that close. She knew what was making that sound and what was living under that rock.
It was a Rock Crab. Erin froze and then turned to run. But it wasn’t coming at her.
Instead, the gigantic rock was propelling itself across the grasslands quite quickly. Its rapidly shuffling legs tore up the earth as it ran. But it wasn’t chasing anything. Was it running away? From what?
Erin got her answer as a bunch of much smaller figures surged over the crest of a hill, chasing the Rock Crab. Goblins. At first Erin grinned at the sight, but her smile faded as more and more of them appeared. First there were five. Then ten. Then twenty—forty—
Yiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyi—
The Goblins were screaming a warcry of their own as they chased the Rock Crab. The crab seemed to sense them behind it and sped up, but it was still too slow. As Erin watched in amazement, the first Goblin leapt and managed to cling to the Rock Crab’s shell.
Instantly, it swung around and threw the Goblin off. From underneath the Rock Crab’s shell a large claw appeared and snapped at the Goblin.  Erin covered her mouth as the Goblin screamed and held up a bloody stump of an arm.
But even as the Rock Crab surged towards the injured Goblin, more Goblins leapt at it. It swung around, trying to knock them away, but although it knocked several Goblins flying, many more dodged its claw and charged at the Rock Crab, screaming wildly.
The Goblins swarmed the Rock Crab. Erin watched, open-mouthed as the giant land crustacean snapped and struck out with its claws. Three Goblins fell away, severely cut and bleeding. One was missing a hand but the others—
They swarmed over the rocky shell, bashing it with clubs. They ducked underneath it as well, biting, stabbing, tearing.
Erin couldn’t see what was happening as more and more Goblins crawled underneath the Rock Crab’s shell, but she saw it spasm. It clicked rapidly in pain and swiped at the Goblins, but they were too close for its claws to grab at.
