1.23
Page 6
“My kind is fully capable of digesting most dishes eaten by humanoids. However, it is true that if offered we will eat creatures Humans and Drakes deem unsavory. We do not tend to consume such meals in public—”
“Right, no problem! Just wait here!”
Erin skidded into the kitchen and began banging pots and plates together. Relc and Klbkch exchanged a puzzled glance until she walked back into the room carrying a heaping bowl of black things as far away from her as she could.
“Whath tha?”
Gingerly, Erin set the bowl full of acid flies on the table. Relc leaned towards it curiously, but Klbkch leaned towards the bowl, as if suddenly hypnotized.
“These are—well, they’re these flying acid bugs that I found. I wasn’t sure if you’d want it Klbkch, but I thought it was worth a try and—”
Klbkch picked up a spoon and began shoveling the black insect torsos into his ‘mouth’. Erin shut up. She also looked away. As much as she liked Klbkch, the crunching sounds and the sight of him eating the flies was hard to stomach.
“Looksh good.”
Relc swallowed his mouthful and reached out a hand. Without missing a beat, Klbkch slapped it away from his bowl. Both Relc and Erin stared in surprise at Klbkch.
“Um, can I have a bowl too, Erin?”
“You want some? Oh, uh do lizards—”
Relc glared and Erin amended her words hastily.
“—Drakes like bugs?”
“Not as much as this guy, but I wouldn’t mind trying some.”
Dutifully, Erin brought another bowl out. Relc tasted the bugs and munched a few down experimentally.
“Ooh, nice and crunchy! I didn’t know you could eat these things. How’d you manage to get rid of all the acid?”
“It’s a long story. It involves blood and—actually, I’d rather hear your news. What is it?”
Relc looked blank. Then he snapped his fingers. Erin was surprised he could with his scaly hands.
“Right, oh yeah. It’s terrible news! Guess what? Some idiot found a bunch of ruins to the southeast of the city, and it’s apparently some ancient dungeon! Now every adventurer in miles is coming here to explore it!”
Erin frowned.
“Is that a bad thing? I thought finding old ruins and exploring them is what adventurers do. It’s what happens in all the games I uh—well, it’s what adventurers do, right? Doesn’t Liscor have an Adventurer’s Guild?”
“Yeah, but they don’t have many members. Not many idiots in our city bother becoming adventurers since there’s not much to do around here. If you want to fight you join the army or the Watch. It’s Humans who are the stupid—um…uh…”
Erin pretended not to hear that.
“You don’t like adventurers, is that what I’m hearing? Why? Don’t they kill monsters?”
“Yeah, and they cause trouble. They pick fights when they’re drunk, they run away from tough monsters, and they’re rude to guardsmen.”
Relc slammed his cup down on the table.
“Adventurers. I hate them so much.”
Klbkch nodded. He dropped his spoon into his bowl with a clatter. Erin blinked and looked down. The bowl she’d filled was huge, twice as big as a soup bowl. He held it up to her.
“Another serving, if you please Miss Solstice. It is true such sites bring increased commerce to our city, but the negative effects of so many adventurers cannot be discounted.”
Erin took Klbkch’s bowl and headed into the kitchen. She refilled it with the jar of acid flies and accidentally spilled some as she ladled them into the bowl. After a moment’s hesitation Erin picked them up and tossed them in Klbkch’s bowl. She figured it probably wouldn’t bother him.
“Okay, so this is big news. But why are they all coming here? Are these ruins that amazing?”
