1.24
Page 10
She moved a pawn two squares up directly in front of the knight. It was her favorite way to deal with that opening move. Rags frowned, and then moved another piece. And then another. For a while the Goblin looked like a strange, green kid playing chess. That was, until she opened her mouth and Erin saw the sharp teeth. But Rags still looked a lot less threatening than before.
Erin crushed her while she served the last of her pasta to the Goblins and had a bite to eat herself.
 
—-
 
The Goblin challenged her three more times while Erin played Olesm and then two of the Workers. Each time she handily lost, but Erin was impressed by the way the small Goblin was willing to try new strategies. She said so.
“You guys could learn a lot from her. Most of these moves are actually established patterns. Okay, moving the rook right away wasn’t a good choice, but you’re better than most beginners.”
She smiled at Rags. The Goblin fidgeted in her chair and looked away.
Klbkch nodded, and Olesm expressed an interest playing the Goblin. Erin looked over at the Workers. They were eying her surreptitiously. She had the impression they wanted to play her too.
She clapped her hands together and smiled.
“Now then. Anyone else want to play another game?”
 
—-
 
“And that’s checkmate.”
Olesm looked up from his king and shook his head despairingly.
“Another fine game, Erin. I wasn’t aware of your trap until you moved your bishop up.”
Erin yawned and grinned sleepily at him. Around her the Goblins sat or lay on the tables, sleepily watching the game.
“You keep giving away too many pawns. They’re more valuable than you think.”
Olesm bowed his head and nearly toppled over. He jerked upright and nodded at her.
“I shall keep it in mind, Erin.”
She nodded and yawned again.
“Anyone want to play another game? Klbkch?”
The ant man shook his head. He glanced towards the door, and at the Workers still playing chess. They were still intensely staring at the paper chess boards without any sign of fatigue.
“It is late. I am afraid we must take our leave, Miss—Erin. If I may address you in that way.”
Erin blinked at Klbkch and then looked out the window.
“Oh, of course you can call me that, Klbkch. And wow, it is late!”
She stood up. Immediately, the Workers stopped playing chess and stood too. They bowed to her.
“Allow me to thank you and pay you in their place, Erin.”
Klbkch handed her a bag of silver and gold coins. Erin blinked down at it.
“Oh. That’s a lot.”
“It is only fair payment for what we have consumed. And, might I trouble you to ask for a container of acid flies? I wish to bring some back to Liscor.”
“What? Oh, sure. I’ve actually got a huge glass jar. Do you want it?”
“Please.”
Erin ended up giving Klbkch a huge jar full of acid flies for a gold coin. She felt guilty about it, but the Antinium insisted it was a fair price. He left with Olesm and the Workers in tow, and Erin saw the Goblins off as they slowly streamed out of her inn.
“Come again! I’ll feed you lot another meal if you come by. You don’t need to pay – you paid me enough this time. Okay?”
The Goblins grunted or waved their hands awkwardly at her. They clutched the paper chess board and pieces to themselves silently. Erin had wanted to give them to the Antinium Workers as well, but Klbkch told her it wasn’t a good idea.
The last Goblin, Rags, paused as she walked by Erin. The small Goblin held her hands tightly at her side.
“Hey.”
Erin tapped Rags on the head. She held out her hand. Silently, the small Goblin handed her the pawn back as the other Goblins glared at her.
