1.24
Page 0

The darkness hides many imperfections. The nether shade conceals those who find the sun taxing and bright light an anathema. The faint light that is not truest blackness but dark shade, where only faint outlines are visible conjures nightmares for humans and those related to their kind.
But some call the shadows home.
Two individuals stood and conversed in the darkness of a room. Exactly where the room was located was unimportant. Rooms had little meaning here, in the catacombs and endless labyrinth of passages.
One of them was female. The other was Klbkch. The female shifted and in the darkness her deep voice rumbled through the air.
“Do I understand you correctly, Klbkch? Do you truly call for an Expedition after all the folly that has resulted thus far?”
Klbkch shook his head.
“No, my lady. I merely request that a few of the Workers—perhaps ten or twenty—may be allowed to leave the city in my care. They would visit a local inn for several hours before returning.”
“Interesting.”
The word rolled outwards, rich, darkly velvet with hidden connotation and meaning. The female paused.
“Is this an idea of yours, dear Klbkch? Dare I hope that my Prognugator has changed so?”
Klbkch shook his head.
“I remain as always, lady. I regret that this is not my initiative. She – the innkeeper of which I spoke – she requested it of me.”
Surprise flicked through the female’s deep voice as it echoed in the cavernous chamber.
“She did? What species would desire the presence of Workers if not to work?”
“A Human. And she did not ask for the Workers specifically. Rather, she was inclined to sell a foodstuff to our people. Acid flies. She wishes to earn money by gaining our business.”
“And this Human is genuine?”
“To the best of my knowledge and ability, I believe her so.”
Again, surprise was the primary emotion in the female’s voice.
“You, Prognugator? You believe? Then you are changed, truly. What is the name of this Human who has changed you so?”
Klbkch hesitated. He bowed his head in the direction of the female.
“Her name is Erin Solstice, lady. And I believe—yes, I believe the experience may help further the Plan. At the very least, it would help increase her trust of our kind.”
“And why should I entertain her request?”
Klbkch spread his hands outward. They were humanoid hands, at least in that they resembled them more than an insect’s feelers. The same could not be said of the appendages of the female.
“Has the Plan changed? Do we no longer seek to improve relations with other species?”
The female moved in the darkness. Her voice changed, hissing softly in regret and frustration.
“The Plan has not changed, Klbkch. But we have. And not in the ways that we desire. No; the change comes from the Others. They have begun to again question the Plan.”
Klbkch looked up. His hands moved unconsciously to the twin swords at his waist.
“They question your will, lady?”
She waved a languid feeler at him.
“Not as of such. Calm yourself, my champion. My authority is undiminished. And yet. The Others move, Klbkch. They speak of sending out envoys, of raising an army.”
The male Antinium looked up sharply. The antennae on his head twitched.
“Do you mean to say they intend to repeat the First Experiments? If I may offer my counsel, that would be…unwise.”
She nodded in the blackness.
“Yes. But they grow impatient with time. So their foolishness may yet come to pass if something is not done. That is why I will allow this risk. Take twelve Workers. Let them visit this Solstice child.”
Klbkch knelt on one segmented knee.
