1.24
Page 1
“Thank you, my lady. I will not betray your trust in me.”
A great sigh echoed through the room, shifting Klbkch’s antennas as the air moved.
“Of that I have no doubt. But I need more than your loyalty. Klbkchhezeim of the Free. I must have success. Can you promise me that?”
He was still as he knelt before her. Then Klbkch looked up and shook his head slowly.
“I cannot. But I will try.”
“Very well. Try, then.”
Klbkch nodded. He stood, and began to stride out of the room with quick, light movements.
“Klbkch.”
He turned. In the darkness a large feeler pointed at him and a titanic shape moved.
“You must not fail in this task. Too long has the Plan faltered. If the next few generations should fail, I fear more will fall back into the old ways.”
Klbkch bowed his head.
“I will ensure that all goes well, my lady. Erin Solstice is not hostile to our kind. I believe she will be a positive influence for them.”
“Then go. But there is one more thing I ask of you.”
“Yes, my lady?”
“Ahem. These flies…how do they taste?”
“I shall bring you a sample, my Queen.”
“Good.”
 
—-
 
Erin was making a list.
“Okay, do I have everything? Let’s go over it again. Larder? Stocked. Check! Silverware? Lots of it, even if it’s not silver. Check!”
She turned and bustled over to another table.
“Blue fruit juice? Check. Four full pitchers and a basket of blue fruits.”
She’d stripped several trees in preparation for tonight. At this point, she’d eaten nearly half of the fruit in the orchard. Sooner or later she’d run out of blue fruit, which might be a problem. How long did it take for the trees to grow new fruit? Maybe Pisces would know.
“Acid flies? Check. Dead? Double check.”
It was almost sad how easily she caught them in her floating jar traps. Almost. Erin made sure they’d all exploded before she rolled them onto the grass. She thought the flat fish in the water were helping—they kept bumping into the jars trying to eat the flies. She supposed that they might one day break the thick glass.
“Great. Bathe upstream from the glass jars from now on.”
She should also probably put warning signs up. Who they might be warning Erin had no idea. A certain Human necromancer stayed well away from the glass jars, and she wasn’t sure if Goblins could read. Either way, her list continued.
“Pasta? Wait, I don’t need any pasta.”
Unless Relc dropped by. But from what the Drake told her, he didn’t like Antinium besides Klbkch so that was an outside chance. Erin put a pot on the stove anyways. She could always eat it.
The lovely thing about being near a city was that you didn’t have to make your own pasta. Instead, you could just buy it from an odd Gnoll-lady who knew exactly when you were on your period. In other words, there were advantages and disadvantages to living near a city.
“Okay. That’s about it. I’ve got bread in case Pisces comes by, and I even have cheese. Lovely, smelly cheese. Possibly from cows. And I just bet Klbkch is lactose intolerant too.”
Her larder was fully stocked, her plates and cups were clean, and she’d even gotten out the chess board and set it up. She thought Klbkch might be up for a game or two—that was if she wasn’t busy feeding flies to her customers.
For a moment Erin had to put her head against a wall and wonder how she’d gotten to this point in her life. A girl from Michigan should not think it was normal to sell dead fly torsos to walking ant-people for silver coins. She was also probably ripping them off, but Klbkch seemed willing to pay whatever it took for the flies. He’d eaten six bowls before he’d walked out.
