1.24
Page 7
Klbkch moved first. Erin stared at his board and then decided to move a piece on Olesm’s board while she thought. She circulated the room, filling up the glasses with what little fruit juice she had left. When Olesm made his move Erin decided to hit Klbkch with a knight. And then she went back into the kitchen for more pasta. Those Goblins could eat.
The games continued as Erin filled up bowls with the dead flies and handed them out to the Workers. They happily chomped down the flies, but she had the distinct impression they were watching as she travelled back and forth between Klbkch and Olesm’s boards.
Occasionally, Erin would wait while one of the other two players moved a piece, but when she did move from board to board, she attacked fast, seemingly without pausing to think. She could see Klbkch and Olesm watching her as much as the board, but she effortlessly continued playing both players while serving her guests.
Her audience watched the dual games intently. Erin kept an eye on them as well, and saw both Rags and the Antinium Workers staring hard at Klbkch and Olesm’s pieces. The Goblin’s eyes narrowed and the Antinium appeared confused. Erin smiled to herself, but kept sweeping around the room, refilling cups, and swiftly moving pieces on each board.
Eventually, the game ended with a win for Klbkch and a loss for Olesm.
“Congratulations, Klbkch. And to you, Erin.”
“Indeed. I am quite impressed by your ability.”
Erin smiled at both players and tried not to laugh.
“Yeah, it was a good game. Too bad I wasn’t playing either of you.”
“What?”
She pointed down to the chess board in front of Olesm. His King was cornered by a queen and a bishop.
“Notice anything similar about Klbkch’s board, Olesm?”
He looked over. On Klbkch’s side, he’d cornered Erin’s king with a bishop and a queen. In the exact same spots as the pieces on Olesm’s board.
“What is this?”
“I played you two against each other. It’s the oldest trick in the book—I once heard of a guy who tried it against two Grandmasters and failed. I always wanted to do it just once.”
Erin smiled as Klbkch and Olesm exclaimed, and then raised her hands as they immediately demanded another match. She was setting up the boards for a real dual game when something happened.
One of the Workers stood up.
Instantly, Klbkch stopped setting up his pieces and let one of his hands fall down to his side. Erin saw he was holding his sword hilt as he stood up.
“What are you doing, Worker?”
Klbkch’s voice was cold and hostile. The Workers meekly bowed to him.
“This one would watch, Prognugator.”
“Watch?”
Klbkch glanced down at the board and then back to the Worker. He seemed uncertain.
“It is impolite to intrude or impede the innkeeper’s path.”
Erin hastily interposed herself between Klbkch and the meek Worker who was already retreating back to his seat. She beckoned him over.
“It doesn’t bother me, Klbkch. Let him watch. An audience for a chess game is great.”
Klbkch hesitated.
“I would not wish to impose on your hospitality or patience—”
“Impose away, by all means!”
Erin rode over his protests and pulled up another chair. She steered the Worker over to the chair without touching him and made him sit down. Then she noticed the other Workers and Goblins were staring at the chess boards too.
“Come on over if you want to watch, all of you.”
Instantly, there was a crowd surrounding both chess boards. Olesm and Klbkch blinked at the spectators, but Erin smiled happily.
“Okay, now let’s do this so it’ll be fun for me and you. I’ll play you both, but we only get five—okay, ten seconds for each move.”
