1.24
Page 11
“No stealing. Besides, a chess board isn’t complete without all the pieces.”
Rag’s eyes lit up. Erin narrowed hers.
“That doesn’t mean you can steal them either. If you want to play a game, come back any time. Okay?”
For a while the little Goblin hesitated, and then nodded. Erin smiled.
“Have a good night.”
She closed the door. Then she bolted it, and made sure all the windows were fastened tight. She didn’t mind the small Goblin, but she was damned if she was going to let it walk off with her chess set.
 
—-
 
“Um, Senior Guardsman Klbkch? May I have a word?”
Klbkch paused as he walked swiftly back to Liscor. He was setting a fast pace, and Olesm was struggling to keep up.
“My apologies, Olesm Swifttail. I had forgotten you were with us.”
“No, it’s nothing.”
Olesm gasped and wheezed as Klbkch slowed. The Workers behind him silently adjusted their pace to give the two room.
“I just wanted to talk to you—if I may.”
“Certainly. May I ask if you are addressing your comment to the liaison of the Antinium or Senior Guardsmen Klbkch?”
“Both, I believe. Um, how shall I put this?”
Olesm paused as the two strode through the night. Klbkch waited patiently until the Drake began.
“As the [Tactician] who liaisons with the council and other guilds and the guard, I am privy to some confidential information. I am uh, aware of the situation with the Workers within the Antinium.”
“Indeed?”
Olesm glanced nervously behind him at the Workers. They silently stared back at him.
“Will—will this be a problem, do you think?”
Klbkch hesitated. He looked back and the Workers instantly looked down at the ground.
“We shall see. They will be observed as usual and I will personally supervise them.”
“Ah, good, good. I wouldn’t ask, but I know that these kind of things have uh, dire consequences. This isn’t an Expedition, but—”
“I understand your concerns. If it helps, I will address this topic in my monthly report to inform you of any significant changes.”
“Thank you.”
“I trust you have enjoyed yourself tonight?”
“Oh, yes. Very. Erin—that is, Miss Erin Solstice is quite a remarkable Human, isn’t she?”
“Indeed.”
“Quite remarkable.”
“Her mastery of the game of chess may be unmatched within the continent.”
“Absolutely.”
“Indeed.”
“…Would you like to play a game after this, by any chance?”
“It would be my pleasure.”
 
—-
 
That night Erin slept well. She did not wake up to hear a strange voice telling her she’d achieved [Tactician Level 1!]. She did not level up that night. Several Antinium and one Goblin however—
Did.
 

