1.24
Page 5
Both Olesm and Klbkch looked at each other to make sure they were the ones Erin was talking to. Olesm gave her a weak smile.
“I’m quite well, Miss Solstice. Or—may I call you Erin?”
“Please. I’m getting sick of being called Miss Solstice. I feel like my mom.”
“Apologies.”
Klbkch bowed his head which made Erin feel guilty. She changed the subject fast.
“Are you two enjoying your meal? Anything I can get you?”
“Another glass of the blue juice perhaps?”
Olesm raised his glass and Erin topped it off. He smiled at her.
“It is quite tasty.”
“Thanks.”
They both paused awkwardly. Olesm glanced around the inn and fidgeted.
“Do you—do you always serve Goblins in your inn? I saw the sign, but I must admit, this is the first time I’ve ever seen a Goblin not trying to stab someone or running away.”
As one, the Goblins stopped eating and stared over at Olesm. He flinched.
“Um, no. They’re new here too.”
“Oh, I see.”
More silence. Erin glanced down at the table. The Drake Tactician had brought along his chess board, and although he’d set it aside for the food, she saw him glancing at it now and then.
“How about a game of chess? Anyone want to play?”
Klbkch and Olesm looked up.
“Oh, I would love to play—”
Olesm caught himself. He glanced around guiltily at the other diners.
“But I wouldn’t want to take you away from your work. Perhaps another time.”
He looked so downcast Erin wanted to pat him on the head. She thought for a second and then smiled.
“Oh, don’t worry. We can still make it work. I’ll play you and serve food.”
Both Klbkch and Olesm eyed her incredulously. Erin grinned.
“I don’t suppose either of you are familiar with chess notation?”
 
—-
 
“Okay, so you’ve moved your pawn up two spots. That’s E4, so just tell me you’re moving a pawn to E4, got it? And when I want to move, I’ll let you know by saying, oh, pawn to D5.”
Olesm nodded and glanced down at the chess board. He carefully moved the black pawn up two spots and looked up at Erin. She nodded.
“Got it?”
“I believe so, Erin.”
“Right. Let’s play!”
Erin spun away from Olesm and grabbed a cup and filled it. Across the room, Klbkch and Olesm bent over the chess board and conferred. Olesm moved a piece.
“Pawn, ah, pawn to F3, Erin.”
“Got it! Knight to C6!”
Erin concentrated on the game as she walked around the inn. She wasn’t conscious of how the Goblins slowed in their eating and the Antinium Workers paused from their meal to follow her around the room. Erin’s thoughts focused, and as she mechanically took plates and filled them with food her mind focused on only one thing.
The game. Some called golf the greatest game ever played. They might be right. But Erin loved chess.
She could even play it in her head.
 
—-
 
“Bishop to D6.”
“Hm. In that case I’ll move…um, I believe that’s pawn to D4.”
“Queen to H4! Check!”
Erin said it instantly and grinned to herself. She heard Olesm groan in dismay.
“Ah. Then—then pawn to G3?”
Again, Erin replied almost before he’d finished speaking.
“Bishop takes pawn at G3!”
“Pawn takes bishop at G3.”
“And I’ll take your rook at H1.”
Erin grinned to herself as Olesm hissed in distress. In her mind’s eye she saw her queen piece sitting in the corner of Olesm’s side of the board, nestling right up against all of his lovely, undefended pieces.
The game continued, but only as mop-up. Erin happily munched away at Olesm’s pieces with her queen. He eventually managed to take hers out with his own, but only after he’d lost another knight and a bishop.  By then Erin had more pieces than he did on the board and in better positions, too.
“I concede.”
