1.24
Page 6
Olesm tipped over his king and stared despondently at the board. Erin paused serving sliced up sausage to the Goblins long enough to see Klbkch pat Olesm on the shoulder consolingly.
“It was a good game.”
The Drake shook his head.
“You do me too much credit. I made several errors that cost me many pieces. But I believe you had me from the start. Would you do the kindness of showing me where I made mistakes?”
“Of course.”
Erin walked over to the table. She rearranged the board until it was back to normal and then moved Olesm’s pawn up two spaces.
“You started out with a classic: the King’s Pawn Opening. That was a good move.”
Olesm looked blankly down at the board.
“I just moved my pawn to E4. Was that truly a noteworthy move, to have a strategy named after it?”
Erin nodded happily.
“Oh, it’s a classic. Did you know almost a quarter of all chess games start with it? It’s great for taking the center spaces, but unfortunately for you I love playing against that move.”
Klbkch raised one hand.
“Do you mean to say that there are established counters to this opening?”
She nodded and pushed a black pawn forwards.
“Oh, there are lots of good strategies. I countered with an old favorite—the Sicilian Defense. It’s great against the King’s Pawn, but you made a mistake when you moved that pawn up to F3. It doesn’t open up your side for many pieces to get out, and you really want a knight to put pressure on my side of the board. Of course, you could try to take my pawn, but that leaves your center open. Most players try to push forwards aggressively but that’s why the Sicilian Defense works so well since it means you have to lose a pawn if you want to push into the other side.”
Erin paused and looked around the inn. Olesm was wearing a half-glazed, half-delighted expression on his face. The Goblins and all the Antinium including Klbkch were staring at her open-mouthed.
“Uh, sorry. I tend to lecture when I get too into chess.”
“No—don’t worry in the slightest Miss Erin.”
Olesm shook his head and smiled at her. His eyes were alive with interest and she noticed his tail wagging like a dog on the ground.
“You have such a deep understanding of this game! How is it that you know so much about chess? I only heard about it last year, yet you say there are strategies already in place?”
“Yes?”
Erin crossed her fingers as Olesm sighed happily. She really hoped she wouldn’t have to explain being from another world. Erin glanced at Klbkch and wondered if she should play him next. Then she looked at Olesm and Klbkch together and had an idea.
She grinned wickedly.
“Yeah, I love playing chess. In fact, I’ll play both of you at the same time, if you want.”
Olesm and Klbkch shared a glance. Both frowned slightly. Well, Olesm frowned and Erin had the distinct impression that Klbkch was frowning.
“Aren’t you taking us a bit too lightly, Erin?”
She blinked innocently at Olesm.
“Me? Of course not. But I bet I can play both of you while serving drinks and food and win against at least one. Want to test my theory?”
They did. Erin grinned to herself as both Olesm and Klbkch set up their pieces on opposite sides of the room. Each player stared intently at their board. She could practically feel the intensity coming off of each. It reminded her of the adults she used to play as a kid. No one liked being trash-talked by a middle schooler.  It was hard for her to keep a straight face.
