1.24
Page 8
“Is this another way of playing chess?”
“It’s how some games are played, yeah. This style is called Lightning Chess, but in tournaments you can have anywhere from an hour’s time in total to think of all your moves to only three minutes. If we had a clock we could—never mind, I’ll explain it as we play, okay?”
Klbkch and Olesm nodded. Erin took a chair and placed it between both tables so she could reach both chess boards.
“I’ll have to sit down for this. I’m no Grandmaster.”
 
—-
 
The first two rounds of games Erin won handily. But in the third game Olesm scored a draw.
“Congratulations Olesm.”
Erin covered a yawn and massaged at her back. She gave the elated Drake a weary smile.
“Yeah, that was a great game!”
“Why, thank you.”
Olesm’s scales turned a light shade of red as he shook Klbkch’s hand. His tail thrashed around wildly on the floor, but Klbkch and Erin pretended not to notice.
“I must say, it’s quite amazing—I feel relieved to have finally tied a match against you, Erin. I was beginning to think it was impossible.”
She blushed and waved a hand at him. It felt extremely embarrassing to be treated like some kind of chess genius, especially since she knew she wasn’t. Erin was about to suggest a rematch with different rules when she looked over at the watching Worker Antinium.
“Do you want to play?”
The Antinium she was addressing sat up in his seat and bowed to her.
“This unworthy one would not presume to act in such a way.”
Erin frowned. Did that mean he wanted to play but he was afraid to?
“Why not give it a shot? I’ll teach you how to play, and we can always make more chess boards. All we need is a few pieces of paper and a pen.”
She went into the kitchen and pulled out a few pieces of paper and a quill and ink. It had made her feel like a wizard when she’d first bought the quill, and then she’d wished for a computer and a printer five seconds after she’d had to actually dip the quill every few words when she wrote.
As her guests watched, Erin drew a rough chess board on a piece of parchment, and then tore up other pieces. She carefully drew symbols on them to show which were pawns and which were other pieces, and put the makeshift chess board on the table. She put two of the Antinium Workers in chairs, facing each other across the board.
It was the most low-key chess board Erin had ever seen, but the Antinium stared at the scraps of paper with total concentration.
“Okay, so how much did you guys see when I played chess with Klbkch and Olesm? Do you know how to set up the board?”
Instantly both Antinium moved. Erin recoiled for a second, but they merely rearranged the pieces on the chess board with mechanical precision. In seconds each side was set up. Erin blinked at them.
“Good. Good. And uh, show me how this piece moves?”
Obediently, the Antinium Worker moved the piece forwards.
“And can you move it from left to right?”
“This one does not believe so.”
Klbkch hovered over the board. As always he had few features Erin could read, but he appeared distressed for some reason.
“Address her by her title.”
The Antinium instantly bowed his head at Erin.
“Apologies, Innkeeper Solstice. This one does not believe the pawn piece moves left and right.”
Erin gave Klbkch a half annoyed glance, but turned back to the Worker.
“Right, that’s true! Very good. And show me how it takes a piece?”
He showed her.
“Good. But did you know there’s one more move the pawn can do?”
