1.25
Page 2
“Too bad I don’t have any preservation runes.”
Erin grumbled to herself as she heaved the jar of milk onto a counter. She’d asked Pisces how much it would cost to get fancy runes done. He’d put the price at anywhere from twenty to sixty gold coins, and added that she’d need to replace her cabinets if she wanted to make sure the runes stayed intact.
“Too rich for my blood. But refrigerators cost a lot too, right? But you only buy one and that’s that. So I could save up, if I ever got any customers. Big crowd one day, radio silence the next. And today as well. That’s life, isn’t it?”
Erin’s head snapped up as she heard the door opening.
“Speak of the devil.”
She raised her voice.
“Have a seat! I’ll be with you in a moment!”
Erin looked around and cursed. She didn’t have any food ready. It was only lunchtime—she hadn’t expected anyone to actually come by except Pisces, and he could wait forever. But he would have already made a snide remark by now.
No helping it. She hurried out of the kitchen and spotted a short creature standing in the inn. It had familiar green skin, pointy ears, and red eyes. Erin started to smile, and then stopped.
“Wait a second. Who the hell are you?”
 
—-
 
The four Goblins watched from the cover of a patch of long grass as the door shut. They watched, and saw the other Goblins surrounding the inn. One had already entered, and the other Goblins were waiting to enter behind him.
The hiding Goblins weren’t waiting to enter. Rather, they were watching with dull dread in their stomachs. They would have liked to do something. Shouted, perhaps. But that wasn’t in their natures, and they were afraid.
They had been nine, but now they were four. And they feared making sound and alerting the other Goblins around the inn to their presence. They were forbidden to be here. They had been nine, and now they were four. And they feared becoming zero.
So the four watched, helplessly. The one Erin called Rags gripped a dagger in her hands, but she felt the bruises and cracked bones from the beating she’d taken just last night. She could only watch. They were four.
The Goblins surrounding the inn were forty.
 
—-
 
“Uh, hi there.”
Erin stared at the large Goblin as it glanced around her inn. She was sure she’d never seen this particular Goblin before in her life. He was larger than the rest, taller, brawnier. And he was carrying a short sword at his waist, not a dagger or a club.
The Goblin looked up at Erin. He was still shorter than her by a good head, but he didn’t seem intimidated by her height. On the contrary, he seemed like he wanted to be the one doing the intimidating.
“Look, can I help you? Do you want food, or something?”
Normally Erin would have offered him a plate of something at once. But this particular Goblin wasn’t like Rags or her timid friends. There was an aggressiveness about him she recognized in guys back in her world that she really didn’t like.
The Goblin glanced at Erin and said something. He sauntered up to her. She stared down at him.
“Excuse me? What do you—”
He poked her. In the stomach. Actually, it was closer to her pelvis since he was shorter, and uncomfortably close to another area.
“Stop that.”
He grinned, and reached out to poke her again. Erin slapped his hand down.
“Stop that. Tell me what you want, or get out.”
The big Goblin’s eyes narrowed. His hand went to his short sword. Erin made a fist and showed it to him.
“Try that and I’ll kick your face in. Got it?”
