1.25
Page 1
“I refuse to serve. I refuse to acknowledge the will of the Queen. Her words are madness. Heresy.”
The Klbkch nodded his head. He drew his swords.
“Have you a name?”
The Aberration shook his head. He raised his knives.
“I refuse. Names are meaningless. The Experiment is failure. I refuse.”
“Very well.”
The Aberration charged Klbkch and stabbed him twice before he was cut into pieces. He didn’t stop stabbing until his head had been severed and his limbs detached. Even then, his arm jerked on the ground for a few seconds until it finally stopped. Klbkch burned the pieces and ordered the Workers back to their duties.
 
—-
 
The Workers disposed of their fellow comrades and tended to the wounded. And then, since their resting period had ten minutes left, several played a game of chess using Lightning rules.
That night, the games of chess continued. Not all Workers took part. It was decided that only a quarter should play this new game in case of further Aberrations occurring.
The Chosen Workers played four games of chess before their designated sleeping time occurred. The next day they conferred among themselves and decided that their knowledge was insufficient, their abilities too limited.
Therefore, when the Designated Worker approached Klbkch he had the support of all the Workers behind him. He was the best player—his win/loss ratio was 54.692% and thus he had been chosen to make the request.
Klbkch was not on duty at this time of day. He had retreated to his personal quarters within the labyrinthine tunnels, a hollowed-out room of stone and dirt near to the surface. He looked up at the knock on his door. When he saw it was a Worker he immediately drew his sword.
“State your business immediately or be cut down.”
The Worker bowed its head towards Klbkch.
“This one would request time off, Prognugator.”
Klbkch hesitated. He did not lower his sword.
“Why?”
“This one wishes to visit the Innkeeper Solstice.”
Now Klbkch stood up. He strode towards the Designated Worker and held his blade low, towards the other Antinium’s abdomen.
“For what purpose do you wish to visit Erin Solstice?”
“This one would play a game of chess.”
“Chess?”
Neither Antinium blinked. They were incapable of doing so, but Klbkch’s antennae twitched.
“Explain yourself.”
“This one would learn more of chess for the sake of imparting knowledge onto other Workers. The Workers perceive a limitation in growth after a collective 416 games played.”
Klbkch paused as he digested this information.
“I see. Your request will be considered. Return to your duties. Now.”
The Designated Worker bowed his head and left. Klbkch sheathed his sword, stared at the door, and then banged his head with one of his hands. Then he strode off to make an urgent report to his Queen.
Within the hour he had left the city with the Designated Worker in tow.
 
—-
 
After two days of experimentation, Erin had to face the facts.
“…I still can’t figure out how to make ice cream.”
All she could make was weird, sugary butter. She stared down at the pan of churned cream and ice cubes and wondered whether it was still edible.
“Hm. Sugary.”
Erin licked her finger and decided it would go well with cereal. If she had any cereal. Well, there was that porridge-stuff, but she didn’t like how much chewing she had to do.
“Maybe I’ll feed it to Pisces.”
Glumly, Erin poured her fifth failed experiment into a glass jar. Glass jars were the way to go. Since she didn’t have tupperware and most airtight containers were jars with lids on them, glass jars with corked or glass lids were her best way of keeping things fresh.
