1.26
Page 2
She looked up at him. Relc snarled at her. His tail was thrashing around and his fists were clenched at his side.
“I’m sorry.”
“Sorry? Sorry? Klbkch died protecting you! All because you didn’t want to kill those damn Goblins!”
“I know.”
“This is all your fault.”
“I know.”
Erin stared at the ground. Relc stepped forward and the other guardsmen all tensed. But he didn’t attack. Instead, he took a deep breath and spoke with a trembling voice.
“I had a good partner. He was a silent guy and a real idiot, but he was one of the best guys I knew. And then he died because he went and tried to protect a damn Human.”
“I’m sorry.”
Relc narrowed his eyes as he stared down at Erin.
“I don’t want to see you around here again. And if you come running here for help again I’ll stab you in the gut. Got it?”
Erin looked up at Relc. His thrashing tail stopped dead as he saw her wipe away the tears in her eyes.
“Yeah. You do that.”
She walked over to a seat and sat down. Tears began flowing from her eyes once more. Relc hesitated. He turned away and kicked a chair. It exploded in a shower of splinters.
Erin barely noticed as the pieces of wood rained down around her. She covered her face with her hands, but the tears leaked through her fingers. She heard a door open, and a loud, female voice.
“You! Human!”
Erin barely moved. The other Guardsmen moved aside as a female Drake advanced. She marched up to Erin. She glared down and snapped.
“Thanks to you, the fourth-strongest Guardsman in the city is dead. Not only that, he died because he wasted his emergency healing potion on you.”
Erin didn’t look up.
“Who are you?”
“I’m the Captain of the Liscorian watch. Klbkch was one of my best Senior Guardsman. Without him, there’s no one to control the Antinium.”
“Okay. I’m sorry.”
The Captain’s tail twitched.
“Really? Is that all? From what I’m told, Klbkch had to protect you from a mob of Goblins. You’re no citizen. He should have let them eat you.”
“I guess so.”
Erin didn’t look up. The Captain’s eyes were narrowed in fury and her tongue flicked out. She hissed.
“The Liscorian Guard should never have interfered themselves in the affairs of outsiders. You don’t live in Liscor and you are not one of their citizens. From here on out, the Watch will cease patrols in your area.”
The Captain of the Watch glared at the young woman holding her head in her hands. Erin didn’t look up.
“Is that understood, Human?”
No response. The female Drake’s eyes narrowed dangerously.
“I said, is that understood, Human?”
“You done?”
Erin looked up. Her eyes were red, but she’d stopped crying. She met the Captain’s gaze without flinching.
The female Drake stared at her. She had a scar on the left side of her face. Her scales were light blue. Her eyes were yellow and narrowed with rage. She held Erin’s gaze and then turned away in disgust.
“Get out of my city.”
The Captain slammed the door shut behind her. In the silence, Erin looked around the room at the other guardsmen.
“Klbkch died protecting me. He was a hero. He looked out for me when no one else would, and he helped me even though I’m a human. He was a good person. I’m sorry that he’s dead.”
She looked at Relc. He looked away.
Erin wiped at her eyes and then walked out of the room.
 
—-
 
Selys found Erin sitting next to Krshia’s stall in the marketplace. The human had curled up into a ball and was hiding her head in her arms.
“Hi? Erin? Are you—are you okay?”
“Go away.”
Erin didn’t look up. Selys hesitated, and then came to stand by the stall.
“Hi Krshia. Um, how’re you?”
