1.27
Page 0

Erin sat on a grassy hilltop and played a game of chess. It made life easier. When she was playing, she could forget about life. She could forget about suffering.
She moved her pieces on the chess board, pausing, considering, moving, retreating, taking. It was a dance of strategy and perception and she had learned many of the steps long ago. But chess was always different, with every game. That was why she could lose herself in it.
And yet, it wasn’t just calculation that Erin did. A chess player played against an opponent, and unless it was a computer, they read the other player and danced with them. Mind games were part of chess, just like basic strategy and knowing fundamental moves was. But Erin had never played against a mind like the one that sat opposite her.
She looked up over her pieces at Pawn. He was staring at the board, pondering his next move. Something was wrong with him. It wasn’t just that he had a name. Erin didn’t understand the Antinium, but she understood chess players. And something had seriously gone wrong with him.
He was too good.
“I still don’t get it. Where do levels come from? Why do people have them? Why do people only level up when they sleep?”
“I do not know Erin Solstice. These are mysteries of the world. They are that they are, yes?”
Krshia shifted in her seat in the grass. She sat with Selys, inside the circle of watching Antinium Workers, but distinctly apart from them. She was calm, at least in that she was watching Erin play Pawn, but Selys kept glancing around at the silent Workers nervously.
“Fine. But if that’s the case, why don’t we get levels for everything? Like…walking. Is there a [Walker] class?”
Krshia shook her head.
“Walking is something we do, not something we live for, yes? Only things that we make our goals and dreams form classes.”
“But that does mean you could get a class for eating, right?”
“You mean a [Gourmet]? I’ve heard some rich merchants and nobility have that class.”
“Okay, I think I get it. But people can have multiple classes, right?”
Selys nodded. She was the bigger expert on classes, apparently. It probably had to do with her being a receptionist. Erin frowned, looked at a knight and nearly ran right into the trap Pawn had set. How had he become so good?
“In theory, you could have as many classes as you want. But in practice, even most Adventurers only have three or four classes, tops. It’s because you don’t just get a class even if you qualify for it. It has to become part of your life.”
“Oh, I get it.”
Selys paused. Her tail curled up as she sat with her claws folded politely in her lap. Erin had noticed Drakes were expressive with their tails where their faces told nothing. Krshia on the other hand had a perfect poker face and her tail wasn’t nearly long enough to give anything away.
“Um, did…no one ever tell you this when you were growing up, Erin? I mean, everyone knows this stuff. It’s basic.”
“Even the Antinium? Even the Workers?”
Pawn looked up from the board.
“Yes, Erin Solstice. We are taught such things as we first hatch. All Workers know of leveling, but we seldom do.”
“Why? I’ve gained ten…yeah, ten levels this month.”
Krshia and Selys exchanged a glance. Even the Workers twitched their antennae at each other in their seats.
“Are you serious?”
Erin looked up and saw Selys gaping at her.
“What? I’m only Level 10. Isn’t that low?”
