1.27
Page 5
He gestured around at the grassy knoll where the countless workers, the two Drakes, two Humans, Goblins and single Gnoll sat.
“The hundred play as one mind. We see a hundred moves and play them all in turn. We think together and play as one body.”
Erin stared at him.
“Hive mind.”
“Just so. We think as one. That is the nature of the Antinium. Even if—that nature has been compromised by the experiment. Though I am individual, that is still true of me.”
“And Klbkch? And the Worker?”
“We felt their loss, Erin. We knew their death and intention in the moment of their demise. They are not lost to us. Though their individual memory and body is lost to all but the queen, the Workers remember.”
Erin stopped placing chess pieces back on the board. She stared into Pawn’s fragmented eyes, urgently seeking the truth.
“Everything?”
“Everything.”
“And you won’t forget?”
He shook his head.
“We are the Antinium. So long as one exists, we never truly die.”
Erin paused. She looked down and wiped at her eyes.
“I wish that were true.”
Selys shifted in her seat. She bowed her head. Olesm cleared his throat.
“As much as it pains me to say it, Klbkch was truly unique. He was the first – and only – Antinium ever to be accepted as a member of the Watch. Ever since the Antinium entered the city eight years ago, he’s been the one who acted as a liaison between their Queen and our city. He is—was the representative of their race.”
“I never knew he was so important.”
Krshia nodded.
“He was humble. It was why many liked him. And now he is gone.”
“Not so long as the Antinium live.”
Pawn stared around with something approaching defiance. Erin shook her head.
“But he can’t speak to us, Pawn. He’s gone for us.”
He hesitated.
“I—see. I feel there is much misunderstood, but I respect your grief.”
Awkwardly, he placed his king back in position.
“Will you play another game, Erin?”
“Would it do any good? I can’t win. You—you’re better than I am.”
Olesm and Pisces began to protest, but they were quickly drowned out. Every Worker clicked in denial of Erin’s statement. They made a low buzzing sound that was quiet individually, but sounded like the sound of armageddon bees together. Selys clutched at Krshia’s fur.
“There is much we learn from each game Erin Solstice. Please do not stop teaching.”
Erin smiled hollowly.
“Teaching?”
It didn’t feel like that. It felt like running away from everything. But fine. She owed the Workers. She owed the Antinium. So fine.
Slowly, she drew the board away from Pawn, batting away his hands.
“Stop that. Let me show you something.”
She reversed the board and moved the white pawn forwards.
“This—is an Immortal Game.”
Instantly, Pawn stopped protesting. Pisces and Olesm exchanged a glance, and moved up. Rags was already sitting next to the board. Erin slowly moved the black pawn up in front of the white one.
“In the history of chess, there are a lot of famous games that we study because of how brilliant they are. Some people call other games Immortal Games as well. And there are a few famous ones. But this. This is the Immortal Game. Some of the moves aren’t considered as good nowadays, but this is still considered one of the pinnacle moments of chess in my world.”
Krshia breathed in sharply, but Erin’s words passed over the audience as she moved the chess pieces slowly across the board. Slowly, the two sides played against each other. Erin pointed out each gambit, each strategy and attack and counter as the game played out.
