1.28
Page 4
Pisces glanced at Rags and got a blank look in return.
“…Who?”
Erin blushed.
“Never mind. Forget that. But will you teach me something? It doesn’t even have to be a lot. I just want to learn about magic.”
Rags looked up and stopped picking at her scabs. Erin sensed the Goblin scooting closer from chair to chair as Pisces considered her offer.
“And you would forget my tab?”
“I’ll forget your tab and I’ll start buying alcohol.”
That seemed to swing the scales. Pisces nodded. He sat back ponderous in his chair and intoned in his important-sounding voice.
“Very well then. Let us begin with the Mage’s Test. Observe.”
Pisces raised a finger which began to glow with blue-white light. He began to trace something in the air. Where his finger moved the light from his finger seemed to leave an ethereal residue. Erin squinted at it, fascinated.
“This is the basic test for determining aptitude. I am drawing—”
The gentle glow of blue magic was half-complete in the air when something interrupted Pisces’s lecture. A flash of light bloomed right in front of his nose. Pisces yelped, overbalanced in his chair, and crashed to the ground.
Erin backed up. Pisces flailed around on the ground as Rags dove out of her chair and underneath a table.
“What was that? Get it off!”
Something was hovering in the air in front of Pisces. He batted at it frantically, and then paused as he saw what it was. Slowly, he sat up and Erin saw something floating around his head. It looked…like a firefly? A firefly made of red and gold—no, more like a spectrum of those colors, flickering together and winked out in front of the mage’s face. It was beautiful and mysterious.
“What is that?”
Pisces stood up. He slowly reached out, and the firefly became motes of light that danced around his hand. He stared at them.
“It’s a messaging spell, but I haven’t seen one like that since—”
He broke off, frowning. The pinpoints of light began to coalesce into strange, flickering shapes. Erin squinted at them, but they didn’t look like letters. Or…were they words? She couldn’t describe it—no, she couldn’t even understand it.
Each fleck of light twisted and became hovering runes or symbols, but they also made Erin think they were words. But could you make a single letter or shape into an entire concept? And they…they hurt to look at. Erin’s eyes ached trying to take the strange magical shapes in.
It was as if they didn’t exist in normal, three-dimensional space. And the more Erin looked at them the more she developed a painful headache and stinging behind her eyes. She had to glance away.
Rags was desperately trying to stare at the magical message, but she seemed to be in as much pain as Erin, clutching at her head and prying her eyes open with her dirty fingers.
Only Pisces seemed to be able to look at the shapes without any pain. He frowned, and stood up.
“I must read this. I, ah, will be going now. Thank you for the meal.”
“No—problem.”
Erin shaded her eyes and watched as the dusty robes and sandaled feet made their way to her door. They paused and she heard Pisces’s voice again.
“—Regardless of your feelings, you should still hire some sort of protection. The more aggressive types of monsters and wildlife will soon return to this area.”
Erin looked up, and blinked as one of the shapes pulsed a message she couldn’t understand into her brain. She covered her eyes. When she dared remove her hand, Pisces was gone.
 
—-
 
