1.28
Page 6
Selys watched anxiously as Relc seemed to get angrier and angrier, despite the other guardsman clearly trying to calm him down. He tore himself away and began marching down the street after the adventurers who had already disappeared from view. Coincidentally, his path took him right in front of Selys and Erin.
The Drake froze up when he saw Erin. She hesitated, not certain what she should say, if anything. Before she could make up her mind Relc whirled around and marched in the opposite direction, dragging the hapless Guardsman along in his wake. He didn’t look back once.
Selys breathed out softly.
“Well, that was lucky. It’s a good thing he decided not to do anything. I’d hate to see a fight break out in the market, especially since we’re not done shopping. Good thing seeing you calmed him down, right, Erin? Erin…?”
She looked over at Erin’s face. The human was wiping at her eyes. Selys’s eyes widened and her tail began to twitch.
“Oh. Um. Sorry. I didn’t mean—let’s—let’s go.”
Gently, she took Erin by the arm and led her away. The crowd stared at the human curiously, but lost interest now that the adventurers and Relc were both gone. Only a few Gnolls stared after Erin’s back, but quickly looked away when a certain Gnoll shopkeeper stepped out of her shop and glared at them.
 
—-
 
“Here. Have a cup of this.”
Selys handed Erin a steaming cup of something bittersweet. Erin sipped at it gratefully and tasted what she imagined was a root-vegetable. Well, it wasn’t bad and it was warm.
“Sorry about that.”
“…It’s fine. I just—I guess Relc wasn’t expecting to see me. He looked angry.”
“Well, yes.”
Selys bustled around her small home, fetching another cup of root-tea for herself as she made Erin at home. The room she’d brought Erin into reminded Erin of a normal apartment, except it was quite open and spacious. The chair she was sitting on was also sized differently, so that the legs were higher off the ground than normal.
At last the female Drake took a seat next to Erin.
“I guess it was another incident with the adventurers. I didn’t recognize them from the Guild, so they must be from further south. And the ones we’ve been getting lately, well, they don’t like to obey the laws as much so we’ve been getting a lot of complaints at the Adventurer’s Guild.”
“Mm.”
Erin had almost forgotten Selys was a receptionist at the Guild.
“They were all Drakes. Aren’t there Gnoll adventurers too?”
“Oh, a few. But that was probably an all-Drake team. Gnolls—well, Gnolls don’t like working with other races as much. And not as many become adventurers, so we haven’t been getting as many.”
“What about humans? Aren’t any of them adventurers?”
“Lots. Most, in fact. But this group is from down south.”
“…Right?”
Erin frowned at Selys. Selys frowned back.
“They’re from down south, so they’re all Drakes.”
“Right, right. Because all Drakes live in the south…?”
Selys paused.
“…Erin. Do you not know the local geography?”
“Um, no.”
Erin fidgeted in her seat. Selys sighed, but smiled.
“You really need to pay more attention. Wait here for a second.”
She put down her cup and bustled about her home, rummaging around in drawers. Erin sipped at her tea until Selys came back with a piece of paper.
“Do you know anything about this continent?”
“I know we’re on a continent. How’s that?”
Selys jabbed Erin playfully with one claw. Erin yelped and nearly knocked over her tea.
“Sorry, sorry! I forgot how soft you Humans are! Sorry!”
“It’s okay.”
Embarrassed, Selys picked up a quill and unscrewed an inkpot.
