1.28
Page 2
This time both Rags and Erin glared at Pisces. He ignored Erin, but he seemed less sanguine about Rags, who had moved over to the table next to his. Gingerly, as if expecting her to bite, Pisces flapped one hand at Rags who shied away from him.
“Let me put it another way, Mistress Solstice. In words you may more easier understand. Monsters, strong. You, weak. Regardless of your level, you have only the [Innkeeper] class which has few skills meant for fighting or survival.”
Pisces took another bite of bread and then reached for a cup as Erin fumed.
“I’m not completely helpless, you know.”
“I never said that you were. But fighting is far different from self-defense.”
He was right. In fact, Pisces was often right, but the problem was that he was so aggravating in being right that Erin didn’t like to admit it. She changed the subject to something she’d been waiting to bring up with him.
“By the way, I learned a new skill after the—the game.”
Pisces paused with his tankard to his lips.
“Oh?”
“It’s called [Immortal Moment]. I have no idea what it does.”
“Hm.”
He frowned and took a deep drink, grimacing at the water in his cup.
“I have not ever heard of such a skill in any of the directories I have read during my time as a student. Nor have I heard of such a skill at any point in my life. Have you found out what it does?”
“Nope.”
Pisces shrugged again.
“It sounds like quite a useless skill, to be honest.”
“That’s what I thought, too. But do you know if it has anything to do with chess? That’s probably where I learned it from.”
He thought about this as he drank.
“It is possible, although skills that focus on one task are generally easier to understand from their name. It is more likely that this is some kind of ability you gained during the course of the game. But as to what that might be or how such a skill could be used—”
He turned up one hand and finished his drink. Then he scowled and plonked the empty cup back on the table.
“Do you not have any alcohol? Or at least if you must serve drinks, would you do the courtesy of bringing out the Amentus beverage?”
Erin raised her eyebrows. Pisces pointedly glanced at his empty cup and she more pointedly made no move to fill it.
“People who pay their tabs get blue juice. And as for alcohol—I’m underage, you idiot. I’m only 20.”
Pisces stared at her incredulously as Erin glared at him over the counter.
“Underage of what, precisely?”
“The drinking age of cou—”
Erin stopped.
“…Nevermind. Okay, yeah, I could buy alcohol, but it’s expensive.”
“And customary for an inn.”
Erin thought for a second. She vaguely recalled something.
“I do have [Alcohol Brewer] as a skill. I guess I could…make beer?”
Once again, Pisces’s tone was laced with sarcasm.
“Ah. I see having a skill replaces the need for hops, barrels, the fermentation process, yeast, and of course the grain needed for such a beverage. Do show me how you make ‘beer’, and let me know when you’ve decided on what type of ‘beer’ you would like to create.”
Erin glared at him. The odd thing was that she understood exactly what Pisces meant. The skill in her head was telling her all kinds of crazy things like how long she’d have to ferment the wort she’d get after adding boiling water to grain, and all the supplies she’d need. And guess what? It turned out making alcohol was a pain in the ass.
“I can make wine too. Wine is easier.”
He shook his head.
“I trust your expert opinion, of course. But may I recommend testing your drink out on the Goblins, or perhaps the Antinium before serving it with your meals?”
