1.28
Page 1
He shrugged as Erin glared and went back to his soup. It was amazing how Pisces could manage to scarf down her food and still grimace at the same time.
“I know you study magic all day, but would it kill you to get a job? Then you could pay for food instead of mooching it off me. And you could pay for someone to wash your robe, too!”
Pisces glanced down at his travel and food-stained robes. They were probably white, but constant use and little washing had rendered them colorfully gray and splotched.
“I fail to see your point.”
“Your clothes. Are filthy.”
He shrugged.
“Do they emit any kind of unsavory smell?”
“…No.”
“Then once again magic has eliminated another tiresome chore. As to your point about employment, I remind you that I am banned from entering Liscor due to my magical inclinations.”
“And because you stole food and money from people by pretending to be a monster.”
“That too, I suppose. Regardless, it behooves me to stay away from the Watch. Even this far from the city I must occasionally evade their tiresome patrols.”
“Well, you won’t have to do that much longer.”
Erin sighed, and tossed her cleaning rag on the table next to Pisces. He eyed it, and then her.
“What do you mean?”
“Oh, they’re not going to patrol around the inn any longer. After—after Klbkch—anyways, the stupid Captain said she’s not going patrol this area. And Relc doesn’t hang out here, so I guess you don’t have to worry about the Watch.”
Pisces repeated Erin’s words slowly.
“They aren’t patrolling this region any longer?”
“That’s what I said.”
He scratched at his chin and glanced out the window. It was still morning, but Erin had closed most of the shutters. It was an unexpectedly chilly day today, and she didn’t feel like building a fire.
“That would be…problematic.”
“Oh? Why’s that?”
Pisces leaned back in his chair and fiddled with the spoon he was using. He stared at the ceiling, a sign Erin knew meant she was about to hear another lecture. Resigned she picked up the bar rag and turned to clean another table.
Rags was sitting two tables over. Erin blinked as the Goblin quickly looked away. She hadn’t even heard the small Goblin move. Was she…listening in on Erin’s conversation with Pisces?
“The local fauna and flora of the area around Liscor is not the most hostile of environments, but there are several notable monster types that do pose a serious threat, even to me.”
Erin glanced over at Pisces.
“Even a great and glorious mage like you?”
“Let us just say that several of the species around here deter adventurers from pursuing their trade. Not that Drakes and Gnolls tend towards adventuring as much in any case. But without the Watch to keep local populations down, it will become hazardous quite quickly. I would suggest you hire some form of protection before this occurs.”
“What, like a bodyguard? I don’t have the money for that.”
Pisces shook his head.
“I was referring to thugs with weapons aptly known as bouncers, but you do raise a good point. I doubt many would be willing to travel this far to offer protection—and even if they did, their prices would be quite exorbitant.”
“That’s what I just said.”
“Yes, well, regardless some form of personal defense would be highly advisable.”
“I can fight. I’ve got uh, [Bar Fighting] as a skill, you know. I can totally crack someone over the head with a chair.”
Pisces raised his eyebrows and applauded silently. Erin glared at him.
“Most ah, impressive. However, I doubt your prowess with a wooden chair would deter anything but the average Goblin. Most creatures are a tad studier than that I fear.”
