1.28
Page 8
“Not really anywhere. I guess you might find more of them among the Gnoll Tribes—but they don’t belong there either. They come from another continent further to the east, but they’re peaceful and easy to work with.”
“Uh, are there other kinds of people like you? What about Lizardfolk?”
Selys scowled.
“No lizards. We wouldn’t tolerate their kind in cities, anyways.”
Erin stared at the map. Selys finished marking it and smiled at Erin.
“Well, does that make sense?”
“Yeah, I think so. You explained it all well, but the map is making my eyes hurt.”
“Hey! What’s wrong with my map?”
Selys glanced down at the confusing jumble of squiggly lines and dots on the piece of paper.
“…Oh.”
Erin tried to keep a straight face, but couldn’t hold it in. She laughed, and after a moment Selys laughed with her. That was a bit of happiness.
When they were done, Selys pointed to one of the dots near Liscor.
“Most of the new adventurers are coming from Lyszen. I bet we’ll get a lot more, and probably even some Human ones, but not for a few more days at least. Anyways, the reason all the adventurers are here is because of those new ruins. Didn’t you hear about them? Apparently, it’s some kind of underground temple—a huge one!”
Erin remembered hearing about ruins, but it seemed like a distant memory.
“Oh yeah. That’s a big deal, isn’t it?”
Selys nodded seriously.
“It’s huge. We’re getting a huge amount of merchants, adventurers, and business because of it. But of course that means more trouble when they get into fights with the Antinium, or break the laws. I hear the Watch is working overtime and now that Klbkch is—”
She cut herself off and tried to backpedal.
“Um, what I mean is that without—without enough guardsmen—”
“I get it.”
Erin patted Selys on the shoulder.
“So, there’s going to be a lot of adventurers? I might finally get some business in my inn.”
“Only if you can protect it. Like I was saying, Erin—”
“I need protection. Got it.”
Erin sighed.
“It’s so weird. I guess I just got used to the inn and the local area, y’know? I haven’t seen any monsters so I just can’t get worried.”
“Well, you are in a place that used to have quite a few villages.”
Selys conceded as she marked a few x’s around Liscor.
“They all got abandoned or destroyed over time, especially after the Necromancer.”
“Pisces?”
“Who? No, not that human. The Necromancer. He was from a while back and—well, we lost a lot of the area around Liscor. But the place you’re in is safe. But if you go a few miles in any direction you can find a lot of strange stuff.”
Erin was intrigued She studied the second map Selys was drawing.
“Really? I guess I’ve never…huh. You know I’ve never really gone exploring. I mean, aside from finding the inn and a few other spots, I didn’t really go anywhere else. I started repairing that inn and…yeah, I didn’t ever really go any further.”
Selys shook her head.
“Good thing you didn’t. Some of those places are pretty dangerous. I mean, not now obviously since it’s not the right season, and the Watch was keeping it clear, but I’ve heard stories.”
“Like what?”
“Oh you know the adventurers. They always talk about treasure and finding magical artifacts in caves and so on. But the ones around here are always poor, so I wouldn’t pay attention if I were you. Most slither on back to the city before they get much further than your inn, anyways. They’re all low-level which is why none of them have dared enter the ruins yet. They’re waiting for the stronger-adventurers to clear the way before they flood in.”
“So what you’re saying is that there’s a lot of unexplored land out there?”
