1.28
Page 3
This time Rags poked Pisces hard in the side. He yelped, swiped at her, and nearly fell out of his chair. He glared at Rags.
“Mistress Solstice, please keep your guest away from me. Elsewise I may be forced to use magic to remedy the problem myself.”
Rags instantly scooted away from Pisces in alarm. Erin folded her arms and glared at him.
“You’ll do no such thing if you want to eat here again. Stop bullying the Goblin, and stop insulting them while you’re at it. Besides, she’d probably beat you in a fight.”
“I doubt that.”
Pisces muttered darkly, but he subsided back into his chair and began shoveling more soup into his mouth. Rags deliberately looked away from both humans and pretended to be engrossed in picking at dried scabs on her side. Erin sighed. Touchy mages and inquisitive Goblins. She missed the Antinium already.
“I get that the Workers and Goblins travel in groups and run away from monsters, but how do you survive out here by yourself?”
He shrugged sulkily.
“Any decent mage has a number of spells to avoid detection. [Invisibility] is one of my fortes, for instance.”
“Oh. Right. I forgot you could do that. You know a lot of spells, huh?”
“I am quite adept in a number of magical fields. But yes, [Invisibility] is a 4th Tier spell I have acquired after much practice and study. It is useful in almost every situation.”
“Like for what? Spying on people? Hey—you haven’t ever come in here while you’re invisible, have you? Because if you have…”
Erin made a fist. Pisces raised both hands and made a face.
“Perish the thought. I do have standards to adhere to, and besides which, you are aware that most mages use the [Farsight] and [Scrying] spells to gaze with impunity on anyone they like, are you not?”
“What?”
Erin looked at him in horror. Pisces smirked a bit.
“Is it so surprising? Most upper-class dwellings and bath houses have spells to prevent such unwanted attention. But fear not—there are no human mages in the area besides myself, and I suspect any Drake mages if such exist would prefer their own species to gaze upon.”
Erin shivered.
“That is the creepiest thought I’ve ever heard of. All of you mages are perverts, I swear.”
He looked indignant at that.
“Magic is a sacred art, Good Mistress. If a few use it to untoward ends, that is a small consequence that cannot be avoided. But to all others who pursue magic, the benefits are enormous. For instance, I do not have to worry about monster attacks even should the Watch give up patrols in this area entirely.”
“So you’re Mister Powerful, huh?”
“You saw my effectiveness against the acid flies, did you not?”
That made Erin pause.
“Oh. Yeah. You were pretty cool then. Um, thanks again.”
Pisces waved a hand at her and fixed his attention back on his soup quickly. Erin thought his cheeks were slightly pink. She smiled, and had another thought.
“Why don’t you teach me magic, then? I’ll get rid of your tab if you do.”
The mage looked up from his soup and stared at Erin.
“Teach you. Magic? Good Mistress—”
She glared.
“Erin, then. You do realize that magic is not as simple as waving a wand about and chanting words, don’t you? Becoming a mage such as myself requires years—sometimes decades of intensive study.”
“I know.”
Erin didn’t actually know that, but it made sense. But now that the idea had hit her, she was suddenly caught up by the idea. Magic. It seemed so strange and incomprehensible and yet—
“But uh, can’t you teach me a bit of magic? I’d love to learn. I think mages are cool. I was a big fan of Harry Potter growing up, although Draco was sort of cute too—”
