1.28
Page 0

After a few days, Erin concluded that she had three types of customers. The first type was the Antinium, namely Pawn and the Workers. He brought them every day, or every other day as soon as the sun touched the tops of the mountains in the south.
The south. Apparently, the sun set closer to the south than the west in this world. Erin felt stupid for not noticing earlier, but then, she didn’t carry around a compass, did she?
But the Workers arrived like clockwork, many bringing chess sets of paper or stone. Apparently, Workers did earn some kind of pay and they spent their money exclusively on chess and food.
Erin felt bad about that, especially given the price she charged for acid flies. But Pawn told her that before this, the Workers didn’t claim any of their weekly stipends. And besides, they ate like pigs. Starving pigs with a taste for crunchy flies.
But despite their obsession with her food, the Antinium were polite, quiet except when they were eating, and they played chess. In other words, Erin would have been glad to have them over every night.
The second kind of guest she got were the Goblins. They were like the Workers, but smellier, dirtier, and they paid her with coins covered in blood, dirt, and occasionally—
Erin had instituted a policy in her inn. Goblins had to jump in the stream, or at least wash themselves before they were allowed in. Not that many visited. In truth, it was just Rags and her posse.
And it was a posse. Or a group. Or gang. Erin was sure she was the leader of whatever they were, but while Rags was in command, it was also clear that she wasn’t in charge of her tribe, if there was still a tribe.
Occasionally the small Goblin would come in alone, but often she had two bigger Goblins following her. They were almost always injured—not seriously, but with small wounds that suggested scuffles and fighting. Erin wondered if the reason she didn’t see more Goblins was because they were recovering from injuries.
Nevertheless, Rags paid for her followers’ meals and her own and ate in silence. Occasionally she played a game of chess, but Erin got the distinct impression the small Goblin was watching her.
That was fine, but Erin had grown…warier over the last few days. She always checked to make sure she knew how many Goblins were around her inn, and even when Rags was alone in her inn, Erin never left any knives or other weapons out in the open. She also made the Goblins leave whatever they were carrying outside the inn.
Still, if the Goblins were an issue that occasionally made the Workers pause and Erin count the knives in her kitchen, they were still decent customers. They paid money, which was more than Erin could say for the last type of guest: annoying mage.
“Do you know how much money you owe me for all these meals?”
Pisces looked up, mouth bulging with soup. He swallowed, grabbed a piece of bread and munched it down before replying.
“I am as always reliant upon your good graces and tolerant nature, good mistress. Rest assured I will pay off my debts in due time as soon as I acquire the necessary funds.”
Erin planted her hands on her hips. The inn was empty except for Rags sitting in one corner, slurping down another bowl of soup.
“You keep saying that, but do you actually have any money on you?”
Pisces raised his eyebrows.
“What is money but a concept? If you are referring to the notion of money, I am indeed wealthy in—”
“Coins. Do you have them?”
“Not as of such, no.”
