1.28
Page 5
Bodyguards. Hired help. Bouncers. Security. People with pointy sticks. They ranged from people who were good in a brawl to retired or active adventurers willing to take easier jobs in exchange for pay.
They were expensive, but it beat being stabbed repeatedly or eaten by a monster. That was Pisces’s opinion. Erin heard pretty much the same thing when she saw Selys next.
The two young women or young…female adults were walking through the marketplace in Liscor, shopping. Erin was accompanying Selys, having placed her orders with Krshia already.
It was very strange. In some ways, Selys was just like any girl around Erin’s age. The female Drake looked at the latest fashions, checked out jewelry, bought food and supplies for the week, and chattered happily with the shopkeepers like any young woman living on her own.
If Erin closed her eyes she could imagine she was back in her world. But when she looked at Selys, it was hard to ignore the scales. And the tail. And the conversation topic.
“Look Erin, I know you want to stay in your inn, but it’s not safe. At least hire one of the low-level adventurers. They’re not that strong, but I could get you a good deal. Maybe we could call it a perpetual extermination request. Then the Guild would pay some of the costs.”
Erin shook her head as they walked down the street.
“I don’t see why I need protection, Selys. I haven’t seen any monsters lately, not even the rock crabs. The only things I see are those weird dino-birds in the sky and Rags and the Goblins.”
“Those are bad enough. But you haven’t seen the really bad monsters because the Watch keeps them away! Look Erin, I don’t want to hear you’ve been eaten or munched up into little bits one day.”
“Lovely image.”
“Thanks. But the Watch is here for our protection. If they’re not guarding you—”
Selys broke off, frowning. She and Erin stopped their progress down the street. There was a crowd ahead of them, mainly Drakes with a few Gnolls mixed in.
“What’s that all about?”
Someone was shouting. No, someones were shouting. Erin stood up on her tiptoes but couldn’t see past the bodies in front of her. Then all of a sudden the crowd opened up and several Drakes thrust their way through.
“Out of the way!”
Erin jumped aside and stared as a group of four armed Drakes pushed their way out of the crowd. These weren’t guardsmen, but they definitely weren’t civilians either.
“Adventurers.”
Selys whispered it to Erin as she drew her against one side of the street. Indeed, all of the pedestrians were giving the Drake adventurers a wide berth.
The Drakes shouted angrily back into the crowd behind them and stormed down the street. Erin watched them go. And then out of the crowd came a familiar figure.
Relc pushed aside the crowd and emerged from the press of bodies, tail lashing angrily. He turned, reached back into the scrum and pulled out a smaller, dazed-looking Drake guardsman.
“Stop!”
He shouted at the backs of the Drake adventurers, but they ignored him. Fuming, Relc went to chase after them, but the other guardsman grabbed him. Relc and the Drake began arguing furiously.
Selys looked from Relc to the adventurers anxiously.
“They must have gotten into a fight with the Watch. There will be trouble over this.”
Erin looked at Relc uncertainly. His tail was furiously lashing the ground as he argued with the other guardsman.
“Is he going to arrest them?”
“I hope not. Adventurers and the Watch don’t get along. If he does, there will be trouble. Well, there’s already going to be trouble at the Guild, but an arrest would really make things worse.”
