1.28
Page 7
“Here, let me show you. The name of the continent we’re living on is Issrysil—well, I know the Humans have another name. It looks…like this.”
Selys drew on the piece of paper and outlined a body of land that looked vaguely like a triangle up top, but narrowed near the center and became vaguely shoe-shaped near the bottom. It was fairly ovoid in total though, or maybe that was just the result of Selys’s drawing skills.
“Okay, this is roughly where all you Humans live. See? The entire northern part of the continent except where the mountains start. From here…to…here.”
Erin peered at the giant squiggly oval Selys drew around the northern section of the continent. Then she added small triangles for mountains two thirds up the map, a long line of them stretching across the continent, nearly cutting the top third off from the bottom.
“And here’s Liscor. See, we’re the only way through the mountain range aside from the High Passes over here…and of course the coastal routes to the east and west.”
Selys drew arrows through two sections of the mountain range and circled the small dot where Liscor was. That was roughly in the center of the map, where the continent was narrowest. Erin wasn’t good at geography—or topography—or whatever maps were, but it looked like Liscor was in a valley of some sorts.
“See, that’s why Liscor is so important. Without us, any goods have to go by land or sea all the way around the continent, or brave the High Passes. And that’s not a good idea.”
“These High Passes aren’t safe?”
“Not even for high-level adventurers. Nasty creatures live around there—they make the local monsters look harmless by comparison.”
“Oh. But if all the humans live in the north, what about the south? Are they all…Gnolls and Drakes?”
“And Antinium, but a few other races live there.”
Selys shook her head as she began marking the bottom half of the map.
“Here are the six known Antinium colonies. Past this point is their territory. Now, it’s not dangerous there per se, but no one ever ventures there. For one thing, the Antinium there aren’t like ones in Liscor. They’re—wild.”
“Wild?”
“I guess I mean—well, it’s more like they’re hostile rather than just creepy like the ones here. I don’t really understand the difference, but the ones here have some sort of bargain with all the southern cities. They won’t fight and they don’t have an army, but the other colonies—”
“Bad news. Got it.”
“None of the cities will trade with them. Not that they do much trading, what with all the fighting that’s always happening down there.”
“Lots of war? Oh, wait. That’s where your army is, right?”
“Right. They’re always being hired by one of the cities or alliances that pop up. And there are a lot of them.”
Selys began to furiously mark the lower half of the map with cities and circles.
“Okay, it gets a bit complex, but the big groups are the Walled Cities over here, the Gnoll Tribes of the plains, and the independent ports and cities in this area. Most of the inhabitants are Drakes, it’s true, but there are other races. For instance, nearly a third of the population down there are Gnolls. We have a few hundred Humans here and there…sometimes String People, or even Centaurs, Selphids, or other folk, but just they’re individuals rather than a community. However, we have a good portion of Minotaurs that come and go.”
Some of the races Selys mentioned made no sense to Erin. What was a String Person? Or a Selphid? Or…
“What about Beastkin? I keep hearing that they live around here, but I’ve never seen one. Unless they look exactly like Gnolls. Where do they live?”
