1.29
Page 4
But now Erin had found a forest, and she was going to explore it. Because it was a forest. Literally the only trees Erin had found aside from the blue fruit trees. But these looked like proper trees…except they were missing all their leaves.
This could have something to do with the season. Apparently, it was around fall, closing in on winter. Erin hadn’t believed it, but Selys had assured her it was true. Apparently the mountains made it so that the seasons didn’t hit the area around Liscor as hard or something.
“Or maybe this is like Florida, or California. No snow, no searing heat. That’d be nice.”
Erin muttered to herself as she approached the dry-looking trees. It was a lovely forest, and not too far away from her inn. Only…forty minutes if she walked straight? Okay, that was a good distance, but only because Erin was on foot.
Hm. The brown wood of the trees was definitely brighter in color than the ones back in her home. They actually looked closer in color to how trees were drawn, not how they actually looked with all the dark bark, moss, and whatnot. Erin wanted to go closer, but then a bell went off in her head.
The [Dangersense]. It had been pulsing whenever Erin thought about going close to the flowers, but now it clearly and definitely rang out in her mind. It was like a bad feeling in her gut—except in her head. And it told Erin that she did not want to get closer to the trees.
Erin quickly stepped back. Something was wrong with the forest. But what? They were just trees. But was something living in the forest? In the trees?
Cautiously, Erin reached into the bag she was carrying with her. She’d brought a small rucksack loaded with a few essentials for a day-long exploration. It hadn’t been too expensive, and she had wanted to be prepared. It wasn’t as if she were completely reckless like Selys and Krshia clearly thought she was.
Erin rummaged with one hand as she kept an eye on the forest. It was hard to feel around in her bag without looking, especially because she wanted to keep a certain item in there from breaking. Where was it…?
She’d brought a flint and tinder, which she actually knew how to use in case she needed to make a torch. Not that she planned on exploring any caves, but it seemed like a practical choice. There were also bandages, but Erin didn’t want them. Her hand rummaged through the rucksack blindly.
She also had a long knife in a leather sheath she’d bought from the Adventurer’s Guild. They sold a number of items for adventurers behind their counter, and once Selys realized Erin wasn’t going to be dissuaded, she’d insisted Erin take one.
And a healing potion, of course. It was expensive – nearly a gold coin even for a weak potion, but Erin would have bought one regardless of the price. She’d learned her lesson.
Something smooth. That was the hand mirror. Apparently, this was an adventurer’s tool to check for injuries like poison barbs or in case of Basilisk attacks. Erin had bought it because she really wanted one, but the thought of a grizzled warrior checking out his appearance was also pretty funny.
Erin had laughed, but then Selys had told her about how some bugs could sink into an adventurer’s skin and lay eggs that would hatch and eat them from inside out. That had been disgusting and made Erin feel like a jerk for laughing. But it still hadn’t stopped her from her exploring, especially after Selys admitted those insects didn’t live anywhere near Liscor.
