1.29
Page 3
People are awesome. For a second Ryoka wished her iPhone was working so she could listen to some music or record herself running for one of the compilation videos on Youtube. But then she left those thoughts behind. She ran.
The guardsman fell behind. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t keep up with her. Ryoka turned her head and flashed him a smile for a good race. He desperately pumped his arms and his legs, but his weird speed was no match for her. And his posture was terrible.
She heard him call out after her, but Ryoka had hit the zone and she couldn’t be stopped. She ran on, and smiled into the breeze. The feeling was back. She was back.
She was free.
 
—-
 
Relc gave up running when the human female was over a hundred feet ahead of him. Disgusted, he ground to a stop, tearing up the grass with the force of his momentum. A nearby caravan of human traders stared in amazement at him, but that was only because they were far too late to admire the runner still sprinting in the distance.
Frustrated, Relc pulled his spear out and stabbed the ground. This was a first. He’d never—well, seldom ever been outrun. And never by a human. He stared at Ryoka’s tiny back with a hint of admiration in his eyes.
Then he turned and began trudging back to the group of guardsmen he’d left. They were several miles away. Relc grumbled about the inconvenience, conveniently forgetting he’d been the one to challenge Ryoka to a race. He took one more glance into the distance, but couldn’t see Ryoka’s figure anymore.
“Humans. Huh. I wonder if Erin knows her?”
 
—-
 
Somewhere around the same time, Erin wasn’t shopping. Nor was she in Liscor.  In fact, she’d left the city several hours ago. Right now, she was lost.
Not completely lost. She knew where Liscor was – roughly. She could follow the mountain range to get to it, and therefore back to her inn. So she wasn’t lost in the grand scale of things.
But on a closer, localized level she was very lost. In fact, Erin would go as far as to say she was completely lost.
She’d left the Wandering Inn behind with her supplies and then…
It was like stepping into a maze, but instead of the walls being vertical, they were all horizontal. Erin frowned. Did that make sense?
The hills and valleys of the grasslands were nearly indistinguishable from the flat ground at a distance, and the uniform long grass made things worse. Erin had to navigate using what little landmarks she could see by.
For instance, there were helpful rocks in the distance…except they occasionally moved around and getting close to one was a bad idea. And there were patches of red and white flowers that Erin saw now and then, but she had a bad feeling about them.
“[Dangersense].”
At least, it was probably that. It could just be a random bad feeling, but that was pretty much the same thing when you got down to it. Either way, Erin had decided not to try and smell the pretty flowers.
She looked around as she walked through the grasslands. This was amazing. In more than one sense. For one thing, she’d just spotted a road a few miles to the left. A road. She had no idea Liscor even had a road!
Well, that probably wasn’t that big a surprise. But Erin had just realized how narrow her little world had been. She’d practically lived only in her inn and occasionally in Liscor, without exploring any other direction. And why?
Oh yeah, because of the monsters. Well…there weren’t any she could see. Erin wasn’t too far away from the main road, and Selys had said that was the safest area. She’d made Erin promise to stay close to the area the Watch patrolled.
