1.29
Page 6
Erin sighed and sat down on a small hill. Well, that was probably why no one explored around this area. Exploding trees. Unless you were wearing armor—and even if you were—those things were deadly. She imagined what would happen if Rags and her Goblin friends tried to gather firewood from the trees and shuddered.
Curiously, her near-death experience left Erin ravenous. She opened her rucksack and fished around cautiously inside until she pulled something squishy out. She unwrapped the wax paper and revealed a slightly squashed sandwich. Apparently, Drakes weren’t too keen on bread – they had a very meaty, fishy, and sometimes insect-y diet, but Gnolls ate the stuff.
This particular sandwich had mustard, or something sweet that tasted vaguely like it, cheese, and a lot of meat. Erin devoured it and then wished she hadn’t eaten so quickly. She clutched at her stomach and then she saw the spider.
“Oh god.”
It was a large spider. A large—no, huge spider. And it had—
“Oh gods. Is that armor?”
Maybe it wasn’t armor. Maybe it was. But the silver and black pattern on the spider’s back made the thick layer of…carapace look even more sinister than it was. It looked like armor, especially in the way the plating covered the giant spider’s legs and the top of its body. Erin was pretty sure it was armor.
Click.
The spider clicked its mandibles together as it approached Erin. She froze up, but then grabbed her rucksack and scrambled away. The spider scuttled faster, and Erin backed up even faster.
She turned and ran. That was, until Erin’s [Dangersense] went off like alarm bells. She stopped in place. What was—
It was nearly too late. Erin was just about to take another step when she noticed the odd way the ground seemed flimsy in front of her feet. She took a look behind her – the armored spider was still a ways away. She kicked at the ground, and it collapsed.
A huge pit opened up in the ground in front of Erin. The fake earth—in fact, some kind of green amalgam of dead grass and sticks fell down and Erin stared down into the face of hell. A nest full of spiders. And eggs.
They were everywhere, tiny spiders, big spiders, and eggs. So many white egg sacs that lay on the ground and walls of the massive cavern like obscene fungi. And as the trap ground fell in, they all surged into frantic motion.
Spiders began scurrying all over the huge nest, scurrying all over each other as they searched for the prey that had fallen into their nest. Meanwhile the prey standing at the edge of the nest backed away in horror.
It was only when she heard the scuttling of the other armored spider that Erin remembered it was behind her. She turned, screamed, and ran around the edge of the pit. It followed her but interestingly, the other spiders in the cavern below didn’t. They were still mindlessly swarming around the ground, protecting the eggs and searching for something to eat. But the large one was still hunting her.
She ran. It followed. Slowly, quietly. Even after Erin had run several hundred meters she could turn around and still see it approaching. And then she realized it wasn’t going to stop. It was a premonition. The spider was going to follow her until she stopped.
So Erin slowed from her run to a walk. She turned around, and took the rucksack off her back. Erin reached inside and pulled out two things. A rock and a small jar stoppered up extremely thoroughly.
