1.29
Page 9
Now that she was only a few feet away she could feel the heat radiating out of the pit. It was intense, but it was a fire in its final stages. Clearly, the fire had been going for quite some time but again, that wasn’t what drew the adventurer’s attention. No, it was the many shapes that lay curled up at the bottom of the fiery pit.
Spiders.
They lay in droves, their armored carcasses smoking and burning horribly in the flames that danced around the edge of the hole in the ground. Some had tried to climb. They hung, dangling, their legs still planted in the dirt walls where they had perished.
“A nest.”
“Yeah.”
The adventurer blinked her eye at the girl.
“Did you do this? By yourself?”
“Yeah.”
“May I ask how?”
The human girl paused. She rocked back and forth for a while before responding.
“I closed off all the entrances with dried grass and wood. Then I started tossing burning branches into the pit.”
“Where did you get the wood?”
“There’s a forest over there. Bunch of trees and lots of dead wood.”
The adventurer glanced over in the direction the girl was pointing. She nodded.
“Krakk trees. They do burn well, but you were lucky none of them exploded. They do that quite often and the shrapnel is deadly.”
“They did explode.”
The adventurer raised an eyebrow. She looked at the girl with one eye, and then opened several more to study her more fully.
“Oh?”
“I threw rocks at the trees until they exploded. Then I picked up the branches. It’s not dangerous if you make them explode first.”
“I see. Clever.”
“Thanks.”
One of the adventurer’s eyes glanced over to her right.
“Did you do that as well?”
“Yeah.”
“Few could best a Shield Spider with their bare hands.”
The girl shrugged again. She clutched at her arms unconsciously.
“It wasn’t hard. I flipped it and started stomping.”
“You have a skill. [Lesser Strength]. Even so, I see you were injured.”
The girl – no, the adventurer saw her name was Erin Solstice – rubbed at her arms. The adventurer could see patches of regrown skin, almost invisible to any eyes but hers covering her forearms.
“Yeah. I had a healing potion.”
“If you’d been bit the potion would have done you little good. Shield Spiders have a decently strong venom.”
“Lucky I wasn’t, then.”
More silence. The adventurer was slightly surprised. She was used to silence, especially on longer journeys, but she was also used to conversation when she met people. At the very least, she expected questions about her appearance, but the girl had only glanced at her once. She was still staring into the burning pit.
“Shield Spiders are considered to be a Silver-rank threat. A nest of them though…I wouldn’t be surprised if a team of Gold-rank adventurers were dispatched to handle it.”
“Okay. Thanks for telling me.”
“You are an [Innkeeper], Level 11, are you not? I am surprised you were able to accomplish such a feat, much less that you would risk something like that.”
“How do you know that about me?”
“I see it.”
“Ah.”
Erin stared into the pit for a while. She rocked back and forth.
“I wanted to see if I could fight. And the spiders—they were going to follow me.”
“Shield Spiders are notorious for tracking and killing prey across thousands of leagues. You were wise not to run.”
“I guess. But I wanted to fight. To see if I could.”
“Ah.”
The adventurer sat next to Erin. She felt the heat, but was not bothered by it. Her eye stung, though.
“And? What have you learned?”
Erin was silent. She stared into the burning tunnels. Amid the crackling flames she could hear the spiders screaming.
“…That I’m good at killing things.”
