1.29
Page 2
“Bah, it doesn’t look that inviting anyways. Let’s go!”
The Horns of Hammerad set out, travelling down the central slope and for several miles until they found the main road. They kept going for an hour before Gerial raised his head and sniffed from the driver’s seat.
“…Does anyone smell smoke?”
 
—-
 
Ryoka ran. She ran through the grass and kicked off the ground. With every step she felt like she was being reborn. And she was running fast, perhaps faster than she’d ever run before. Her wings were back.
She crested a hill, stormed down it in half a second, and then hit the flat ground before another crest made her dig into the soft grass. The bumpy landscape of the area was perfect for muscle training, if she’d been so inclined. But as it was, Ryoka was just enjoying the feeling of running again.
She kept to the main road. Even with all the passion in her soul, Ryoka wasn’t about to risk running into whatever monsters Ceria had mentioned. She eyed the large, immobile rocks as she ran and wondered what was living underneath them.
At this time of day, the road was actually crowded with a few travelers. Ryoka either hadn’t seen them in her delirious ride to Liscor, or it had been too late at night/early in the morning. But now she saw merchants riding in armed caravans, farmers sitting on wagons, and even the lone traveler. Some were human. Most were not.
Giant lizards. Hairy dog-people. Ryoka would have stopped and stared—or discreetly observed them, but the fire of running was burning her from the inside out. She ran at a good distance from the road as she flashed by the travelers. In turn, they stared at the human running by them with undisguised curiosity and amazement.
Merchants, traders, travelers, peddlers, caravan guards, farmers, and the occasional group of adventurers all travelled the road to Liscor. Oh, and one more group.
Guardsman.
Ryoka blitzed by a party of Gnolls who sniffed and turned their heads almost too late to see her go by when she saw the group of armed Drakes. They reacted to her presence by reaching for their weapons, but when they saw it was just a lone human they relaxed. All except for one, that was.
Her legs and body were still fine, but Ryoka was thinking of slowing down to conserve energy when she saw the blur move out of the group of guardsman and chase after her. She heard the whoops and cheers of the Drakes and realized one of them was trying to race her. Ryoka looked over her shoulder.
A green blur was charging after her. It was one of the guardsman, a big Drake with a spear on his back. Another one of the bone-head types who thought they could outrun her just to show off to her friends. She increased her pace. And…so did he.
He was fast. Ryoka sensed him behind her, and then he was right next to her. She gaped as he appeared by her side, giving her a smug grin. He was huge, and he was carrying a weapon and wearing armor, but he still was nearly as fast as she was. Nearly.
Her feet dug into the soft grass. Ryoka increased the tempo of her legs, and went into overdrive. The Drake blinked as she accelerated. He tried to speed up, and for a few seconds he managed to keep pace. But Ryoka had wings on her feet and this was her first run in nearly a week. He might as well have tried to catch the wind.
How fast was she going? Ryoka saw the travelers on the road blur, and then disappear with each step. She was in a completely different world of her own now, and even the insanely fast Drake couldn’t keep up. This was her world, a world few people would ever know.
