1.29
Page 8
A wind blew down from over the mountains. It was a strong wind, but tired. After hundreds of miles the gale that had blasted across the sea was no more than a whisper. But it was enough. It carried smoke and burning on the wind.
The female adventurer stopped and looked to the north. The wind blew the dreadlocks of her hair, and she brushed at her eye. The smoke was irritating, but she had learned long ago to see even in sandstorms.
Still, it was curious. So the adventurer walked towards the smoke. She didn’t bother drawing the large sword at her side. She had no need of it yet. Her confidence was not unfounded either.
She wore armor made out of some dark metal. Not dark in the sense of jet-black iron or the lightless color of obsidian—just dark, orange-brown metal. From afar, it almost looked like rust, but the armor wasn’t rusty. In fact, it was fairly clean—it was just the metal that gave off that impression.
The female adventurer wore it like a second skin, and it did not impede her movement as she strode towards the smoke. But she stopped as she saw the spider.
It was crawling up from a hole in the side of a hill. Burning wood had been placed around the gap, but the spider was determined. It shoved its way past the fire, screeching horribly and smoking. When it saw the female adventurer it reacted instantly. The spider lunged.
The adventurer drew her sword and cut twice. The spider fell to the ground, legs and abdomen severed. Yellow pus oozed from its backside as the adventurer studied it.
“Kingslayer Spiders? No—Shield Spiders.”
She left the Shield Spider where it lay. The adventurer continued onwards and upon reaching the top of the hill, she saw the source of the smoke.
A large pit was giving off black smoke. Orange sparks and a terrible red glow lit the edges of the pit like a gateway to some abyssal plane. But that wasn’t what drew the adventurer’s eye.
A girl was sitting by herself at the edge of the smoking pit. She stared into it, ignoring the small campfire on her right. She was hugging at her knees as she stared down. She did not see or hear the second spider crawling up behind her.
It lunged. The adventurer gripped her sword, but the girl at the edge of the pit moved like lightning. She rolled sideways even as the Shield Spider launched itself at her back. The momentum carried the spider over the ledge and into the smoking hole. The adventurer heard an agonized shriek from the spider as the girl went back to sit at the edge of the hole.
Cautiously, the adventurer approached. Not out of fear for herself; but she was studying the girl with a great deal of confusion. Her eye narrowed as she appraised the girl. And she was a girl, especially to the adventurer.
As she moved closer, the girl looked up at her. She was human. She didn’t stand up, but merely angled the thing at her feet more precisely.
A small mirror lay in the grass in front of the girl, reflecting the landscape behind her. It was propped up on a small backpack, or what remained of one. In truth, it was more like a pile of cloth scraps.
The adventurer eyed the girl. She seemed unharmed. But she also didn’t appear inclined to chat. So the adventurer cleared her throat.
“Hello there.”
“Hello.”
The girl didn’t glance up. She hugged her knees and stared down into the smoke. Curious, the adventurer drew closer. Her hand wasn’t gripping her sword, but neither was she unwary.
