1.29
Page 10
The adventurer was silent. Erin rocked. Back and forth. Back and forth.
“It’s strange. Up until this point I never realized I was a murderer.”
The adventurer raised her eyebrow.
“Murderer? That’s an interesting word. I would not use it to describe you.”
“Oh yeah? Why?”
“Murder is the sin of taking lives that matter. We who fight such monsters are exterminators. Killers perhaps; murderers no.”
“I’m not like you. I’m no adventurer. And I don’t want to be. That’s what I learned.”
“Oh? Then why fight? Innkeepers don’t level from fighting monsters.”
Erin laughed shortly and without mirth.
“You guys all say the same thing. It’s always about leveling with you. That’s not what I meant. I—I’m a killer. But I don’t want to be. And I don’t want to be a warrior, either.”
The adventurer leaned back on her hands. She studied Erin with her eye.
“Then why fight? Why not run?”
“So I can defend myself. So I don’t get people killed for trying to protect me.”
“Ah. But you have done more than that. This nest was a threat to many. You eliminated it. You spoke truly: you do have a talent for fighting.”
Erin stared into the pit.
“I don’t want to be a killer. So I guess I’m stuck as an innkeeper.”
“You have talent in killing things. You might be a good adventurer, especially since you wiped out a nest by yourself.”
The adventurer broke off as Erin laughed harshly.
“Killing? That’s a terrible thing to be good at. No.”
“What a waste.”
Erin slowly turned her head. She stared at the adventurer, and the adventurer felt another mild surprise. There were few who could meet her gaze for long without flinching.
“…Go away.”
“My apologies. I didn’t want to offend you.”
“Too bad. This—this isn’t something to be proud of.”
Erin pointed down into the burning pit. She gestured at the spiders and the white egg sacks slowly burning away. The adventurer could still hear faint shrieks coming from inside the resilient webbing.
“I killed them.”
Erin whispered it.
“I killed them all. And they—they scream when they die.”
“They would have killed you.”
“Yeah.”
Erin stared as one of the egg sacs below opened up. Small spiders frantically clawed their way out of the webbing and shrieked as they found themselves in the burning pit. They scuttled down across the embers, burning, dying.
“Babies.”
“Spawn. They are dangerous as adults in numbers.”
“They’re babies.”
The female adventurer shrugged.
“You might call them that.”
Erin looked down into the pit. She was silent for a minute. The spiders were running about, but the heat from the fire was less. They were dying, but dying slow. She saw one spider caught in the egg sac, frantically trying to escape.
“If you like I can end them now—”
The adventurer turned to Erin to offer. She blinked as Erin leapt into the burning pit.
The smoke obscured Erin from visual sight for a few seconds, but the adventurer could still see her moving around in the pit. She saw Erin fighting through the flames, reaching for something. Then she was dashing towards the edge of the pit.
The girl scrabbled at the dirt and managed to get a foothold. But she was hindered by her burden. She managed to pull herself up to the ledge but couldn’t get any higher up. The adventurer stared down until she heard Erin speak.
“Are you going to pull me up?”
“Of course.”
The adventurer reached down and effortlessly pulled Erin out. The girl was burned, but not badly from the few moments she was in the pit. She opened her left hand and showed the adventurer what she held.
