1.30
Page 2
“Do I have to find a place to get rid of them after you’re done? Because I really don’t want to have to dig a hole and the nest is far away.”
“No—we’ll definitely take them. Do you even know how valuable Shield Spider bodies are? With the right skills a [Blacksmith] could create shields, armor…”
“Really? So the bounty—”
“Eleven pieces of silver on average per Shield Spider slain, but we’ll pay you more for their bodies.”
“I don’t want them. But you might have a tough time getting them down. None of the Workers want to go near them.”
Selys glanced towards the door.
“The Antinium hate spiders. No wonder the Workers are freaking out. I’ll have a few porters do the work instead.”
Selys put her face in her clawed hand for a second before she looked up at her human friend.
“Erin, how did you kill a nest of Shield Spiders? Even if you burned them, most adventurers would rather run than pick a fight with a Shield Spider if they’re not Silver-rank or higher.”
“Really? They’re that tough?”
Selys nodded seriously.
“Incredibly. Steel blades can’t even crack their shells.”
Erin blinked. But then she pointed to the adventurer standing next to her.
“Well she cut one in half.”
Every eye turned towards the Gazer standing next to Erin. Or—as some including Selys recognized, half-Gazer. A rare species made even rarer by her mixed blood. So rare in fact, that the odds were if you met one—
Selys’s scales were usually a good indicator of her mood, along with her tail. Erin watched now as Selys’s tail stiffened like a cat’s, and her light green scales paled until they were nearly gray.
“Oh. Excuse me.”
The half-Gazer looked at Selys and gave her a polite smile. Selys was reduced to nervous stammering.
“U-um. You wouldn’t happen to be—I mean, are you…?”
“I am Gazi of Reim.”
Dead silence. If Erin’s comment about taking down a nest of Shield Spiders had inspired quiet hubbub, Gazi’s name brought awestruck silence. Erin glanced around at the staring crowd. She didn’t get it.
But this seemed like as good a time as any. As Selys began stammering something and the adventurers and civilians around Gazi backed up to give her room, Erin pushed her way through the crowd and into the bathroom.
Curiously, Liscor architects didn’t use the stick-man symbols to mark the men’s rooms and the ladies rooms apart. Rather, they used tails. A long, straight tail marked the male bathrooms, and a curly tail marked the female bathrooms. It was quite simple when you got used to it. Curly tail, straight tail.
Even so, Erin peeked inside before she entered. She’d had enough of seeing unwanted genitalia, especially since the equipment the Drakes and Gnolls carried around were definitely different than the ones guys in her world had. Not that she was an expert or anything. She’d seen pictures but—
After a few minutes of experiencing relief and ruminating on biological differences, Erin reemerged from the restroom. Thank god for plumbing and balls of soap. She saw Gazi was still at the heart of the crowd of people fending off questions politely. Her large eye didn’t move from the Gnoll speaking earnestly to her, but one of her smaller eyes swiveled Erin’s way the instant the young woman exited the bathroom.
“Now that’s creepy,” Erin muttered.
“Don’t be rude!”
Selys hissed at Erin and nearly made the young woman scream. The Drake was heading to the bathroom, probably to relieve tension-induced pressure. She pulled Erin aside and the two began to whisper furiously in one corner, although only one person in the room was watching them.
“Erin, how do you know her?”
“Gazi?”
