1.30
Page 7
“Hey, do you know anything about that new adventurer? Gazi?”
Two blank faces were her answer. Erin tried to elaborate.
“She was getting a lot of attention this morning. She’s um, she looks sort of human, but she’s got one big eye in her head and four small ones…”
“Oh, a Gazer.”
The adventurer shook his head. The merchant leaned forwards and nodded at Erin.
“I heard about that. Apparently, she’s a famed adventurer but—”
He shrugged. Erin stared at him curiously.
“You haven’t heard of her? But everyone was talking about how famous she was.”
Gabriel the adventurer made a dismissive noise.
“Among non-humans perhaps she’s impressive, but I haven’t heard of her. But enough about that—you’re an [Innkeeper] you said? I haven’t seen your inn in the city, and I’m sure I would have noticed.”
Erin smiled at him. He seemed nice, or maybe she was just giddy from seeing a face not covered in fur or scales in such a long time.
“I have an inn—it’s just a few miles outside the city.”
“Really?”
Both men leaned over the table. The adventurer gave Erin a smile in return.
“If you’ve got room in your inn, I’d be glad to pay for lodging. It’d be a nice change to see some human faces, rather than all the scales and fur around here. Not to mention the smell! All these non-humans really don’t know how to wash properly, do they?”
Erin’s smile froze on her face as she stared at the adventurer. He hadn’t even tried to lower his voice. She sensed rather than saw the other Drakes sitting at nearby tables slowly glance over at her and the other two humans. They didn’t seem to notice.
“Oh. Um, well…I’d love to have you over. But ah—the upper floors are still under repairs I’m afraid.”
Both looked disappointed.
“What was the problem? If it’s simple repairs, I could introduce you to some skilled craftsmen…”
Erin waved her hands quickly.
“No—no need. I’m working on it. It’s just that we had a very bad incident with disappearing skeletons. And—I should get back there to make sure more aren’t missing.”
Hastily, Erin got up and excused herself. The adventurer and merchant bade her farewell and stared after the young woman as she disappeared into the crowd. When she was gone they exchanged a look. The merchant took a long draft from the fresh mug the Drake had served him and grimaced. Like everything in the city, he could swear the ale they served him was the lowest gutter-scrapings.
“Disappearing skeletons…?”
 
—-
 
Far below the surface of Liscor, or at least as far as the Antinium were allowed to dig by their contract with the city, the Queen listened to a report. She was not happy.
“Humans in Liscor? They come seeking the ruins, no doubt, to unearth treasures and seek their fortunes.”
The Antinium addressing her bowed his head crisply. He was perfectly balanced upon one knee as he faced his ruler.
“Yes, my Queen.”
She waved a feeler at him.
“Such matters are inconvenient, especially at a time like this. Deal with the Council until I have finished. I must not be disturbed at any cost. To complete the project so quickly necessitates all of my attention. Is that clear?”
“Entirely, my Queen. I will handle all of your affairs with those not of the hive.”
“Good. And investigate the aberration while you are upon the surface. If he is truly free, I would speak to him afterwards. If he is not—”
The Antinium touched the blades at his sides. The soldier Antinium standing guard made no move despite his proximity towards their Queen.
“I will dispose of any Aberrations I find, my Queen. Worry not.”
“I will place my trust in you. Go, then, my Prognugator.”
