1.30
Page 1
Selys went from behind the counter to go up to Erin, but she quickly retreated as a flood of people poured into the room behind Erin. She stared at the crowd of pedestrians and then at Erin. Her eyes narrowed suspiciously.
“…Erin? What’s going on?”
Erin smiled awkwardly.
“Hi Selys. Um, I’m here to collect a bounty? That’s how it works, right?”
“Bounty…?”
The Drake stared blankly at Erin until she realized everyone was now looking at her. Then she blushed, or rather, the scales on her face changed color.
“Oh, of course!  You can turn in—you have a bounty?”
“Yep.”
Selys looked Erin up and down. The human didn’t appear to be carrying anything in her hands or at her side.
“Is it…Goblin ears?”
“No…I think they’re called Shield Spiders. Is that right?”
Erin looked at a hooded person standing next to her. Selys’s eye was caught by distinctive features of the half-Gazer as she pushed back her hood. In her mind an alarm bell went off, but it was temporarily silenced by something Erin had said.
“Shield Spiders? Erin, that’s not a good—you’re mistaken. Or is this some kind of joke? You can’t be serious.”
Erin shook her head.
“No, really. There’s a cart of them outside. I didn’t count how many but—”
Erin broke off. Selys was giving her the flat, incredulous look she’d only seen in TV shows before.
“Shield Spiders?”
“Uh, yeah.”
“You. Killed them.”
“Yeah.”
“You. Erin Solstice. Killed Shield Spiders.”
Erin felt like she was in a comedy routine, only it was more awkward than funny. She pointed towards the door.
“Look, they’re right outside. I can go get one if you want.”
Selys’s gaze shifted over Erin’s shoulder. She appealed to the Drakes in the crowd, many of whom were watching the interchange.
“Shield Spiders?”
Erin sensed multiple heads nodding behind her. One of the Drakes—this one an adventurer by the sword on his waist and chainmail armor jerked a thumb at the door.
“They’re piled up in a cart. I saw them—over sixteen adults, dead and covered in soot. The Watch is trying to get some Workers to unload them, but there’s a huge crowd in the way and the Workers don’t want to do it.”
Now that she was listening, Selys could hear the shouting outside. She was still focused on the Erin-factor however, so she kept staring at Erin.
“How? Did an adventurer do it? It can’t have been just you.”
Erin frowned, dignity hurt. Since she agreed with Selys’s incredulousness though, she was only partially indignant.
“I totally did it by myself. I burned their entire nest. With wood. And fire.”
She didn’t know why she felt the need to add that qualifier, but at least it shut Selys up. One of the Drakes—the one with the chainmail—nodded at Erin and flashed her a smile.
“Fine work. I’ve never seen you around the Guild before. Are you one of the Humans from up north?”
“What? No. I’m not an adventurer. I’m an [Innkeeper].”
He stared. Erin was sort of getting used to that. Selys pulled at the frills at the top of her head.
“How did you—you know they swarm over anyone that falls into their nest and tear them apart, right?”
Erin nodded.
“They did that swarming thing—you know, where all of them climb up at once? Wasn’t fun.”
She stared at Selys. Selys stared back. After a few moment Selys threw her hands up.
“Okay. Okay, I guess—I’ll have to inspect them. And then we’ll need to weigh the bodies. It’ll take all day probably, but if you sign for them I’ll have your bounty waiting later.”
She reached under the counter and pulled out a logbook and handed Erin a quill and inkpot. Erin frowned down at the paper and began scribbling.
