1.30
Page 4
Gazi joined Erin at the window as six of the adventurers squared up and surrounded Relc and the other two guardsmen. Relc glared at them and tightened his fists, but didn’t draw his spear. Gazi stared at him and smiled.
“Ah. He is mighty.”
One of the adventurers took a swing at Relc and he dodged back. The human attacking was nearly as big as the Drake, a muscle-bound giant who looked like the guy who bench-pressed three hundred pounds for fun at the gym.
Erin nudged Gazi in the side. Selys stopped agonizing over the fight long enough to stare at her, but Gazi only looked down. She was wearing armor anyways, so Erin was sure she wasn’t bothering her.
“Hey, you’re supposed to be strong, aren’t you?”
Gazi nodded. She kept her larger eye trained on Relc while two of the smaller ones flicked towards Erin.
“Some have called me so; yes.”
“Why don’t you help him? It’s six against one.”
Erin pointed to the adventurer. He was still missing Relc, but now another one looked like he was about to sucker-punch the Drake. Relc’s eyes were narrowed, but he seemed to be focused totally on dodging for the moment.
Gazi smile down at Erin. She shrugged and indicated the sword at her side.
“My help in this situation would only cause death. I do not fight with my fists, Erin.”
She nodded at Relc as the big Drake swayed back.
“Besides—he is not the one who needs help.”
Relc had just jumped nimbly back when the big adventurer’s friend moved forwards. He was another human not nearly as big, but when he swung at Relc’s back he cut the air with his fist.
Still, he was far too slow. Even as his fist flew at Relc’s face, the Drake’s bent sideways and hit the adventurer back with an uppercut. Erin thought she actually saw the man’s feet leave the ground before he crumbled in a heap.
Relc spun around and backhanded the first adventurer who was still swinging at him. The big guy flipped over and crashed to the ground. Two of his friends came to his aid, but Relc picked one of them up—armor and all—and threw him into the crowd.
Open-mouthed, Erin watched as Relc began thrashing the other adventurers. She looked at Selys. The female Drake was covering her eyes and groaning.
“He always does this. There’s going to be a huge mess because of this, and he’s probably hurt a lot of them badly enough for healing potions!”
“How—”
Erin blinked and pointed at Relc.
“I thought—he’s just a guardsman, right? How is Relc tossing those adventurer guys like flies?”
Gazi studied Relc thoughtfully.
“His is over Level 30 in the [Spearmaster] class. That would be enough. The highest level among the adventurers is Level 21—the one he has just knocked unconscious.”
Selys nodded glumly. She tried to explain to Erin in a way the human would understand.
“If we’re just talking about active members of the city guards—then he’s the strongest on the continent, by far. Perhaps the world.”
Erin blinked at her. Twice.
“The world. As in…all of it?”
Selys nodded.
“Most people of his level, well, they either become adventurers, personal bodyguards, or soldiers. Being a city guard doesn’t pay much, but Relc likes it. Probably because it’s so easy.”
Erin paused. She didn’t notice Gazi watching her with one of her eyes. The large one. It studied her with its yellow pupil ringed by a black—no, shadow-black iris before flicking away as Selys glanced at her.
“But Klbkch—”
Erin paused and forced herself to go on.
“He was a Senior Guardsman too, wasn’t he? So weren’t Relc and Klb the same level?”
