1.30
Page 5
Selys shook her head. She watched glumly as Relc threw an adventurer wearing plate mail into the side of the building and winced as the outside plaster cracked.
“Klbkch was the fourth highest-level guardsman in the city. In terms of strength though, he was probably second to Relc. Look, Erin, both had more levels in other classes which is why they’re so tough, understand? But even Klbkch was ten levels behind Relc.”
“Which is a lot, I get it. But how’d Relc get so strong?”
“He was in the army. But he quit to become a guardsman. Thanks to him, we haven’t had to worry about monster attacks for the last four years. I’m not sure why, though. He was famous as a soldier too.”
Gazi shrugged. Her hand covered the pommel of her sword and her eyes defocused for an instant.
“Many have reasons to leave war. I too was a soldier once. As I am sure many know. But I left my position to become an adventurer. It is only worth being a soldier if one has a cause to fight for, a leader to follow, and a reason not to die.”
Both Erin and Selys looked up at her. Gazi smiled at them.
“It is hard to understand, I suppose. But I believe your friend Relc enjoys the quieter moments.”
Erin glanced out the window.
“Even a street-fight against a dozen guys?”
“That is quite restful, compared to war.”
The fight was over. Relc planted his foot over a pile of adventurers and raised his fists into the air like a boxer. The cheer he got from the crowd only served to make him preen even more in the spotlight.
Gazi turned away from the window and nodded at Erin.
“Well, I have not lacked for entertainment since travelling to these lands. I will seek lodgings within the city, then. Good day to you, Erin Solstice. We shall meet again.”
Erin raised a skeptical eyebrow.
“Oh? You’re so sure?”
Gazi smiled at her without baring her teeth.
“I foresee it.”
The Gazer opened the door and strode out. It was so quick that all the tension she’d brought into the room left it in an instant. Selys breathed out hard as she returned to the counter. She didn’t go behind it, but leaned on it, panting as if winded.
“I can’t believe that just happened.”
One of the adventurers flexed his hand and looked down at it.
“I shook her hand. And when she looked at me—it was like she knew my thoughts.”
“Amazing.”
One of the adventurers agreed. Others nodded their heads.
“What an incredible experience.”
“Eh.”
“Eh?”
Erin shrugged.
“I wasn’t too blown away by her. She’s got that ‘mysterious aura’ vibe going on, but its all because of her eye, right? I remember seeing this street magician – David Blaine. You ever see—?”
Too late she remembered her audience. Selys was giving her an incredulous look along with the other adventurers.
“What?”
Selys shook her head slowly. At this point she wasn’t even that annoyed, just impressed more than anything.
“You are an amazing human, Erin. Does nothing faze you?”
“Lots of things.”
Erin propped her hands on her hips.
“Why are you all so impressed to see her anyways? She said she was a wanderer.”
“Yeah, but to see her so far from her home continent—I suppose she really is done with war.”
The other adventurers agreed. They began talking all at once, arguing, debating in a noisy confused mess.
“I wonder what she’s doing away from her liege…?”
“I hear she goes through continents looking for challenges. But to come this far—is it because of the new ruins?”
“Perhaps, but how’d she get word of them so soon? Unless—do you think she was heading to the northern continents to join in the war as a mercenary—?”
