1.30
Page 3
“You’re calling her by her first name?”
“She has a last name?”
“Pathseeker! And it’s Adventurer Pathseeker! That’s how you should be addressing her.”
“That’s confusing.”
“Erin! She’s a really, really important person! I could lose my job if I make her mad!”
“Really?”
Selys nodded rapidly.
“Gazi the Omniscient. That’s what they call her in other continents. She’s rumored to be over Level 40.”
“Um. Wow…?”
“Erin! How are you not impressed?”
“Well, isn’t Relc level thirty-something? That’s only a difference of ten levels, right?”
The look Selys gave Erin was a mix of incredulity and pure indignation. Not for the first time, Selys wondered if Erin Solstice wasn’t a bit slow, or at least strange. But she’d said she was from…a different country? Either way, she tried to explain the obvious.
“Erin, she’s a famous adventurer! You know; the kind people write down if they make a list of the top 100 adventurers in the world!”
“Oh.”
“Don’t you get it? There might be more powerful adventurers, but few of them have ever visited Liscor. And she knows you. Did she save you from the Shield Spiders?”
“No, she only cut one of them apart. But she lent me money to hire the wagon to bring them into the city.”
“She lent you money!?”
“Yeah, and I’ll pay her back so stop grabbing my shirt Selys. Look, she just seemed interested in me, but I don’t know her that well. But why do you think—”
Erin got no further because Selys’s claws dug into her arm. She yelped and tried to pry the Drake’s fingers out of her skin.
“Oh gods! She’s coming this way!”
Like a shark moving through a shoal of fish, Gazi’s presence seemed to literally part the wall of bodies. She approached, smiling at Erin.
“I fear we must part ways for a time, Erin Solstice. I must greet the master of this guild and the local ruling body. But I hope I may visit you at your inn for your promised meal.”
Selys’s goggling expression was slightly hard to ignore, but Erin smiled up at Gazi anyways.
“Sure thing. I’m going back to my inn right away, so you can come over whenever works best.”
Gazi gave her an amused smile that included the petrified Drake at Erin’s side. One of her smaller eyes flipped over so Erin could only see the light orange-pink of her eyeball.
“That may be slightly difficult at the moment.”
Someone was shouting outside. Or rather, someone was outshouting the shouting already going on outside. It was a familiar voice, too.
“Hey! Clear the way!”
Relc’s voice was irate, and he seemed to be yelling at the adventurers and other people trying to crowd into the adventurer’s guild. He was also on the verge of losing his temper, which wasn’t usual, but definitely wasn’t helpful at the moment.
“You lot are causing a disturbance! Clear the street I said! Move it!”
Everyone inside the guild heard a thump and then a shout and a crash. For all Gazi was their main focus, their attention quickly turned to the outside.
“What’s going on? What’s happening?”
Selys beat Erin to the window and nearly tore her hair-spikes out. Erin still wasn’t sure what to call the crest of hardened…scales or hair each Drake had at the top of their heads.
“Oh no. He’s picking a fight with the adventurers! That idiot!”
Erin peered out the window just in time to see an adventurer being lifted off the ground as Relc propped up a guardsman and shoved him into the arms of one of his fellows. It looked like tempers had flared and a guardsman had been knocked down by an adventurer. Possibly it was the other way around, but Erin saw both parties were all-male, so she had a pretty good idea what was going to happen next.
