1.31
Page 5
She flipped it over and began writing furiously on the backside. Olesm blinked and Krshia grinned in amusement. When Erin showed Olesm the new problem he blinked.
“That’s a—a lot of pieces.”
“Checkmate in four moves. Black moves first.”
Erin grinned evilly at Olesm.
“Four moves?”
He goggled at the paper. Erin had heard of goggling, but she’d never seen someone actually do it.
“No. That’s impossible. But—no, it shouldn’t be—”
He frowned, his tail lashing the ground.
“I can’t even begin to—how did you come up with this so quickly?”
“It was one of the puzzles that gave me a headache back when I was playing a lot. It took me nearly a week to figure it out.”
“I can’t—may I copy this? Please?”
“Go ahead. And if you’ll send this back to the person who sent the other puzzle—I’ll pay for delivery.”
“Oh, of course. Certainly. Um, you can give me a few copper coins and it will get there, but more money means a faster delivery.”
“I get it.”
Erin thought about that and dug in her money pouch. She was feeling generous, so she handed Olesm two silver coins. From what Selys had told her, she’d be rolling in bits of shiny metal soon enough.
The Drake blinked down at the coins, but accepted them and promised to send the letter as soon as he copied down Erin’s puzzle. He hurried off, leaving Krshia and Erin behind.
She smiled, wondered a bit maliciously how long it would take the mysterious chess puzzler to solve her problem, and then completely forgot about it a minute later.
Krshia was still trying to get Erin to have a meal with her, but Erin was tired, still sore, and for that matter, hungry. And despite her best wishes towards Gnolls, their food was more than a little raw by human standards.
“Look, I’d really love to visit. And I will—how about tomorrow?”
“But today is quicker, yes?”
“Yes, but—”
Erin wavered. Krshia enticed her with promises of baked food and cooked meat. And it would be nice, even if she had the feeling the Gnoll wanted to talk to her about something important. Maybe she could relax?
But just as she was about to leave with Krshia, someone else called out Erin’s name. This time Krshia’s ears laid flat on her head and she turned with a glare. But the Gnoll stopped.
Gazi Pathseeker stood behind Erin in a vortex of attention. She smiled up at Krshia and the Gnoll stared at her. Erin blinked and sighed as the half-Gazer greeted her.
“Erin. Is now a good time?”
“I guess. Did you meet all the important people you were supposed to?”
Gazi shrugged.
“I have met with various individuals. But I am sure others will introduce themselves when they realize I am in the city. However, wonder if I might take you up on your offer.”
“Offer? What offer?”
Erin blinked at Gazi. The adventurer smiled and waved her hand.
“You mentioned you had an inn. If you wouldn’t mind I would very much like to see it and have a meal, if I may.”
“Oh. Of course.”
Erin glanced at Krshia.
“Sorry Krshia. It’s just that I promised Gazi—she helped me out earlier today. You don’t mind…?”
Krshia stood stock still and waved a hand silently at Erin. Gazi smiled in the Gnoll’s direction.
“Thank you, Shopkeeper Krshia. I apologize for my rudeness.”
The Gnoll murmured something, but Erin was already leading Gazi away. Krshia stared at the adventurers’ back, and then shook her head. She turned, grabbed the nearest Gnoll and began speaking quickly with him. She kept casting glances at Gazi’s back the entire time the adventurer was walking away. She hadn’t dared meet the Gazer’s eyes, and even now Krshia’s hair was puffed out.
