1.31
Page 7
Erin smiled at the Drake child. He immediately took a step back, but the other children pushed him forward.
“Can I ask you something?”
The boy Drake’s parents waved at him, telling him not to bother the human. But Erin smiled. She forced the smile, but it was a smile.
“Go on, I don’t mind. Ask me any question you want.”
The Drake grinned up at her. He had very sharp teeth. But it was a still an innocent smile. A mischievous smile, too.
“Can you really shoot blood out of your—”
 
—-
 
Pisces was sitting at a table in The Wandering Inn, sipping from a mug at his leisure as he put his feet up on one table. At his side he’d dragged over another table and organized a smorgasbord of cheese, meats, bread, and some sweet pastries Erin had bought for herself last time she’d been in the city.
He jumped as the door to the inn smashed open and Erin stormed in. She was wearing a terrific frown on her face, which contrasted sharply with the amusement on the face of the Gazer who followed her in.
She didn’t even have to say anything. One look and Pisces’s feet came off the table and he began industriously polishing the wood with his considerably dirtier robe.
“Greetings, Mistress Solstice. Ah, are you well?”
Erin stood in the center of the room and glared at everything and nothing.
“I hate kids. I hate Drakes, and I hate people who don’t understand anything about female anatomy.”
That last comment was accompanied by a glare for Pisces. He opened his mouth to protest and then wisely shut up.
“In case anyone’s wondering, I cannot shoot blood out of my crotch.”
“I did not wonder. But it was quite amusing to see your reaction when the child asked you the question.”
Erin glared over her shoulder at the adventurer. Pisces eyed her. There was something familiar—
“Who asks that? Honestly!”
The adventurer shrugged. She was looking around the inn—with more than one eye? Pisces’s brows snapped together as he stared at her.
“Is it strange that other species do not know much about human reproduction?”
“Yes! No! I just—”
Erin threw up her hands.
“Forget it. This is my inn. I’ll get you some food. You can take a seat. Watch out for Pisces, the jerk over there. He steals stuff. Like my food.”
She glared at the half-eaten pastries on Pisces’s table and the mage flinched. Then she stomped into the kitchen, leaving him alone with…with…
As the adventurer took a table near him, Pisces’s eyes widened. If he had been eating food he would have choked on it. If he’d been drinking he probably would have sprayed it out his mouth and nose. Since he wasn’t doing either he just stared, wide-eyed at Gazi.
She smiled at him.
“Greetings, Necromancer.”
 
—-
 
Erin rattled around in her kitchen, looking for something to serve up. She put a pot of pasta on the stove, poured out some blue juice – which Pisces had also helped himself to – and sliced up some bread with cheese and sausage. She realized she had no idea what Gazi or her kind ate, but she took it out anyways.
Pisces was sitting in his seat, looking meeker than Erin had ever seen him as he chatted with Gazi. Well, it was more like her asking questions and him replying quickly and nervously. Another person who recognized the famed adventurer.
“Here you go.”
Erin put the appetizers in front of Gazi.
“Let me know if there’s anything you want or can’t eat. Also, this is blue juice. It’s…its blue. But it tastes sweet.”
“This looks delightful. Thank you for allowing me to impose.”
“No problem. I rarely get visitors—”
Erin stopped as the door opened.
“I rarely get visitors.”
