1.31
Page 9
“Oi. Stop harassing my guest.”
“I wasn’t—”
“Stop harassing. My guest. And sit back down. The food’s ready.”
Relc glared, but he seemed to have finished. He glanced down at Gazi and walked off. The Gazer smiled at Erin.
“Ah. Pasta? It looks quite delicious. Thank you, Erin.”
“Yeah, looks good!”
Relc began digging into his food the instant Erin left it at his table. After some hesitation, the other guardsman did as well. Their wary expressions changed, and they soon began slurping down the noodles with good humor.
Pisces glanced around. Everyone else was eating—and Erin had even brought out some food for herself. But he was notably bereft of a plate and food.
“Ah, I believe you missed someone.”
“Did I?”
Erin eyed him balefully. She quite pointedly stared at the remains of her pastries on his table.
“Too bad. I guess I only have food for paying customers.”
He smirked at her.
“As a matter of fact, I believe today is the day I will pay off my tab. I have come into quite a bit of money as of late.”
“Really?”
Erin raised a skeptical eyebrow. Pisces pulled out a bulging pouch and showed her the contents.
“If you would observe.”
She stared.
“That’s a lot of gold. Hey! Did you steal that?”
He looked insulted.
“Not at all. I merely performed a complex bit of magic and received remuneration. But I believe this is more than enough to pay off my tab many times over. Allow me to repay my debts in full and tip you for your time.”
He reached a hand into the pouch, but before he could take any gold out the bag disappeared from underneath his hand. Relc pulled it away and deposited the bag on his table.
“Yoink.”
“Hey!”
Pisces shot to his feet. He grabbed for the money, but Relc raised the bag out of arm’s reach.
“Give that back! It is my property!”
“Nope! Confiscated by the City Watch!”
“Relc!”
Erin shouted at the Drake as Pisces grew redder and redder. The mage pointed a trembling finger at Relc.
“This is an abuse of authority! You have no right to steal my property—”
Relc grinned and waggled a claw at Pisces.
“I have every right. Or did you forget—you’re still wanted for all those thefts you did earlier. Scaring people—robbing graves—all of that should be nicely covered by this donation to the city, shouldn’t it?”
Pisces turned white, and then red again with outrage. He spluttered, but didn’t really have anything to respond with except unrighteous indignation. Relc laughed at the mage—until Erin punched him in the shoulder.
“Ow. Have you gotten stronger?”
“It’s a skill. Stop bothering my customers.”
“Fine. But I’m keeping this. Necromancer Pisces will be allowed back in the city and we won’t stab him with all his fines paid off—but I’ll be watching him.”
“This is unjust—not right—”
Pisces clenched his fists but Erin managed to get him back to his seat. He sat there in a huff, so she got him his own plate and food to calm him down.
“Honestly. I have a new guest here. Can’t you two behave for one night?”
“I am quite enjoying the spectacle. Do not mind me.”
Relc glanced sideways at Gazi. But then he ignored her and grinned at Erin.
“Sorry, Erin. I just wanted to say hi—after so long.”
She eyed him doubtfully.
“Really?”
“Really. I saw you just this morning and thought—well, it would be nice to see a friendly human again. I had to deal with so many rude adventuring types and annoying mages each day.”
Pisces muttered something darkly. Erin shot him a look and he shut up.
“I saw that. You were pretty impressive out there. I didn’t know you were that good.”
Relc grinned and put his hands behind his head as he leaned back in his chair.
