1.31
Page 8
She was expecting the Goblins to enter, or perhaps Olesm, or even Pawn and some Workers. But instead the last person she expected walked in.
Relc.
He grinned at her, and sauntered into the inn, spear over one shoulder. And he wasn’t alone. Four more Drakes—all guardsman by the look of them entered the inn, looking around warily.
Erin wasn’t sure what to say. She stared at Relc. The Drake met her eyes and then looked away.
“Hi, Relc.”
“Miss Erin. How’re you doing?”
“Good. Um. You brought friends?”
“For a meal. Mind putting something on for us? I’m hungry.”
“Of—of course.”
Flustered, Erin retreated into the kitchen to double up on her dinner preparations. She reemerged to find Relc and his friend sitting close to Gazi. Since she’d chosen to sit next to Pisces, there was an odd triangle in the center of her inn.
There was also dead silence. Awkwardly, Erin put out drinks and appetizers for the guardsmen and Relc. The other Drakes accepted her drink and stared at the blue juice warily, but they were polite. Relc on the other hand was boisterous and noisy, thanking her and gulping down the juice quickly. He looked everywhere—except at her and Gazi, that was.
That was Erin’s first clue, but she was so busy running around the inn that she didn’t pick up on it. But as she began draining boiled noodles and mixing it with sautéed onions she heard Relc get up and walk over to Gazi.
“So. You’re the famous adventurer entering our small city. Nice to meet you.”
Erin peeked her head out of the kitchen just in time to see Relc leaning over the table. He stuck out one massive hand.
“I’m Relc. A Senior Guardsman here in Liscor.”
Was it just her or was Relc…bigger than before? But Gazi just smiled up at him and shook his hand with her gauntleted one. She saw the muscles in his arm tense, but Gazi didn’t even blink as she shook his hand.
“I am Gazi Pathseeker, a travelling adventurer.”
“Oh, an adventurer? That’s nice. I thought about being one, but it sounded like too much hassle.”
“The life of an adventurer is not for everyone.”
“No, there’s all the dirt and mud and monsters trying to kill you.”
“It becomes occasionally unpleasant.”
“Right, right.”
Erin didn’t need any special skills to sense the underlying tension in the air. She saw the four guardsman Relc had brought surreptitiously eying Gazi. Meanwhile, Pisces had scooted around the edge of the table to get away from the two.
Relc paused. Then he cleared his throat and eyed Gazi.
“So…mind telling me what you’re doing in my city? And uh, how long you’re going to be staying around here?”
Relc put a heavy emphasis on my. And he was leaning over Gazi in a not-so-subtle way. She didn’t seem to be bothered, though.
“I am merely exploring this continent. Rest assured, I mean to cause no disruptions while I am here.”
The big Drake nodded agreeably.
“That’s good. I’d hate for any of that. It seems like every other day I have to deal with uppity adventurers causing trouble. It’s because I’m the highest-level member of the Watch, you know. All the guys always call on me for help.”
“It sounds like you have quite a tough job. I am impressed.”
“Yeah, well, I’m just that good.”
“Indeed.”
Gazi seemed content with that. Relc scratched at his scales. His tail twitched a few times on the floor.
“So—what I’m saying is, I’d hate for your visit to get unpleasant, understand? This isn’t a good place for you to cause any trouble like the kind you get up to in your continent. You get—”
Erin tapped Relc on the back of the head with a plate full of food. Hard.
“Ow!”
He turned and glared at her. She glared back.
