1.31
Page 3
She stared down at a picture – or rather, a drawing of a chess board. Someone had taken the time to draw out the grid, and then illustrate – in quite fine detail – each piece on the imaginary board. She stared down at a white king piece, a queen piece in the corner, a knight and a pawn a caught in the middle of a game against two black pawn pieces, two rooks, and naturally, a king piece hiding in behind the pawns in the upper left-hand corner.
Olesm hovered over Erin’s shoulder, chattering into her ear.
“I just received a long-distance delivery that went out to all the known [Tacticians] and chess players in the continent! It was this paper—and it’s a challenge, see? You have to—”
“Solve it in five moves?”
“How’d you know?”
Olesm stared at Erin. She pointed.
“It’s written right here. And white moves first.”
“Yes, isn’t it amazing? I would never have thought of that—but someone’s come up with a way to play chess across long distances without a spell! But this isn’t a game at all—”
“Oh, I know. It’s a chess puzzle.”
Olesm visibly deflated.
“You know what it is? But of course—how silly of me.”
Krshia walked over to stare at the chess boards. She squinted down at the paper and frowned at the pieces.
“I fail to understand this—puzzle. Why has someone sent it to you, Olesm?”
“It’s more like a challenge to anyone.”
Erin explained absently as she stared at the chess pieces.
“It’s a challenge or a problem for players. You have to find a way to win the game in a certain number of moves. It helps people learn to play chess, and this way you can write it down.”
Olesm nodded eagerly. He pointed to the paper.
“In this case the solution is to checkmate the black king, but I haven’t been able to figure it out yet. I imagine most of the players across the continent are trying to figure it out. It might take some time, but I hope to be one of the first to figure—”
Erin was still staring at the paper. She blinked, frowned, and then snapped her fingers. Both Krshia and Olesm jumped.
“Hm~! Got it!”
Erin smiled and flicked the chess puzzle with one hand.
“Done, and done!”
“What?”
Olesm froze and stared at Erin. She grinned at him.
“You—you finished it? Just like that?”
“Yep. It wasn’t too bad a problem. But I’ve seen several like it so…”
Krshia glanced sympathetically at Olesm. The poor Drake stared at Erin and then down at the chess puzzle.
“—I would deeply love to know how you solved it so quickly. But I should—yes, I should solve it on my own. Shouldn’t I?”
He looked longingly at the piece of parchment Erin was holding. She grinned and folded it up.
“You should. It will help you in the long run. Don’t feel bad—I just happened to know how that particular problem goes. But it was quite fun.”
“Fun.”
Olesm repeated the word. He looked down at the paper.
“I’ve been wrestling with this problem for an hour. But—of course with someone of your level I shouldn’t expect this to faze you. Of course.”
“Do you have any more?”
Olesm shook his head. He accepted the piece of parchment back from Erin.
“This was the first—I mean, I suppose we might expect more of the same in the future, wouldn’t we? This puzzle was sent to countless cities, so whoever designed it clearly wants to reach a large audience. I wouldn’t be surprised if they kept it up.”
Erin nodded.
“Oh, you mean sort of like a magazine, right? Or a newspaper?”
“A what?”
Both Krshia and Olesm looked at Erin blankly. She tried to explain. Olesm nodded his head uncertainly.
“Yes—yes, that sounds about right.”
“I’m just surprised. I thought sending stuff was supposed to be costly.”
Olesm shook his head.
