1.31
Page 11
“But nothing icky. Or gross. Or—anything I won’t like.”
He smiled at her.
“I believe I have something in mind that may benefit us both.”
For some reason that struck her as ominous—and she hoped Pisces wouldn’t cause much trouble. It was practically a given he’d cause some. Erin shook her head.
“If we’re done with talking about stuff I can’t afford—anyone hungry for something else? I have acid flies if you guardsmen want to try them. I know Relc eats them.”
The guardsmen exchanged a glance while Relc patted his stomach and tried to decide whether he was still hungry. Pisces hurriedly waved away the bowl Erin was offering.
Gazi raised her single eyebrow.
“Acid flies?”
 
—-
 
As Erin served food into the night, another girl pondered money and food. Unlike Erin however, she was not immediately in possession of either.
She skulked in an alleyway, not trying to keep out of sight, but refusing to go out into the street. She wouldn’t be bothered even if she did. Some guardsmen were looking out for thieves, but they would never suspect her. Her attire, and more importantly, her bearing would immediately allay any suspicions to her guilt.
It was a shame and a disgrace, then, that she was forced to stoop to such demeaning lengths to survive. Theft was not befitting of her station, but the greedy merchants and shopkeepers were practically inviting her to take their goods. Besides, she had no coin to pay – not that she would in any case.
What was hers was hers. What was theirs was hers too, for that matter.
She’d made a mistake in travelling south. The city she wanted to travel to was Celum—not this—wherever here was. But the foolish caravanner had erred in giving her directions—she certainly hadn’t made a mistake! Now she was stranded, and forced to even further depths to survive.
The girl’s stomach grumbled. She’d snatched some fruit earlier today, but the shopkeepers were on more of a lookout after a few days of her pilfering. She’d have to wait until late that night before she would be able to eat.
Soon. The girl licked her fingers and eyed the streets packed with hideous dog creatures and evil lizards. She just had to obtain enough coin and then she would be away from this city filled with monsters. She just had to find Magnolia Brynshart and then she would be welcomed with dignity befitting her rank and station.
Soon.
The girl’s stomach growled.
 

