1.31
Page 2
Then again, when the civilians in question were Gnolls, Erin could see why. Even at their best, they did give off a much more…bestial feel than the Drakes. It wasn’t that Erin expected them to lose their tempers, but she also wouldn’t be too surprised if they did. That kind of feeling.
Krshia smiled down at Erin as the other Gnolls around her muttered or barked to her. She growled something back to them and they walked back into the flow of the crowd.
“Erin Solstice. I have been looking for you. And it is good that I found you just now, yes?”
“Yes. Thanks for that, Krshia. I didn’t know what to do and that shopkeeper guy—”
Krshia narrowed her eyes and snorted.
“Lism. He causes trouble, yes? Even though you bested him fairly, and his nephew is most admiring of you. But enough—I will make sure he causes no trouble. I wish to speak with you.”
“Um, okay? About what? The thief?”
Krshia flicked her fingers.
“Pshaw. It is a cowardly thing that hides and steals from us on Market Street and elsewhere. No one knows if it is human or another. No, I do not worry about such a thief. I wish to speak with you privately. I invite you to my home for food and drink.”
Again, Erin hesitated. She was grateful but—
“Um, does it have to be now? I’m really beat, Krshia. I could use a nap—”
“I have a bed in my home too. You may use of it and rest if you wish. Come.”
Gnolls were pushy. Or maybe it was just Krshia. But Erin found herself being dragged down the street before she quite knew what was happening.
“Look, I’m grateful, really, but this isn’t a good time. I just had to deal with some evil spiders and—”
“Erin!”
Krshia ignored Erin and the person calling her name. She marched through the crowd at speed.
“If we wait for a good time, we will never have time. Come, my home is not far.”
“Erin! Erin Solstice!”
Krshia visibly sighed and her ears twitched as the mysterious name-caller drew closer. She halted in the street and Erin finally managed to extract her hand from the Gnoll’s huge hand. She turned and saw another Drake heading her way.
“Olesm?”
The smaller, younger Drake stopped in front of Erin and Krshia, panting. He was clutching a piece of parchment in his hand and a quill and inkpot of all things. For a second Erin was struck by the sheer inconvenience of not having pens in this world, but then Olesm shoved the paper into her face.
“Take a look at this, Erin! I just received this and it’s the most fascinating thing ever! A new way to play chess!”
Erin blinked, but then the paper disappeared as Krshia gently but firmly pulled Olesm away.
“Most interesting, but Erin Solstice is busy. I will talk with her, and you will find her later, yes?”
She wanted to pull Erin away, but to the Gnoll’s dismay Erin was already standing next to Olesm.
“What was that about a new way to play chess?”
This time Krshia groaned, but Erin was already staring at the piece of paper Olesm was eagerly waving about. She tried one last attempt.
“There is time to play such games later, yes? Erin—”
But by that point Erin and Olesm were already engrossed. Krshia’s ears twitched again, but there was nothing she could do.
“Just look at this, Erin!”
“I will if you stop moving. What is it?”
Erin snatched the paper from Olesm’s claw and stared at it. Well, it was a piece of paper. And on that paper was an inked…illustration? Erin frowned, but then she got it. It was chess. Someone had drawn a chess board on the piece of paper.
