1.31
Page 4
“It’s not that expensive, especially if you sent it with the slower deliveries.”
“Slower deliveries…?”
The Drake nodded. He gestured to the parchment in his hand.
“This was sent along with a bundle of other letters in a caravan from the north. It probably came across the sea, but it wasn’t delivered by a Runner. You see, Runners deliver things quickly, but merchants and caravans and even ship captains will pass on long-distance deliveries for a very small fee.”
Erin frowned. She sort of got it. It was like snail mail by boat versus sending stuff by plane. But part of the process still confused her.
“How does that work if you trade the letter more than once? Do you pay the first guy a lot and have him give the money to the next person? That sounds risky.”
Olesm scratched at his scales as he tried to explain.
“It’s more like—well, I suppose you could call the letters a form of currency. Travelers will buy them for a few coins and complete the delivery in hopes of earning more when they sell them later or deliver them to their owner.”
“Oh. So it’s sort of a gamble.”
“Exactly, but it’s fairly certain that the letter will get to your destination in the end. Of course, sending something private is a bad idea, but you can send a message to another continent for only a copper coin or two. It might take a month or two but it will get there.”
Erin nodded. It all made sense. And it reminded her of—well, it reminded her of the post office in a way. Just without stamps. It was useful, it really was.
It was just that she was dreaming of email, the internet, and being able to call her family in two seconds at that moment. So she wasn’t that impressed, even though she was really trying to be.
“I wonder—do you think I could send the answer to the person who sent you the letter?”
“I don’t see why not. I know the merchant who delivered the letters—I could ask him to bring the letter back when he leaves.”
“I can write down the answer. Do you have any paper…?”
“Write it down here. I won’t look.”
Olesm handed Erin another piece of parchment and averted his eyes as she scribbled on it. She handed it back to him folded up.
“Okay, so you send it to this person. And then this person will send me something harder?”
“Perhaps. Or perhaps they might wait until others have sent in their reply. It could take a few weeks or up to a month.”
“That’s a long time.”
“But it’s so fascinating to play games across such a long distance, isn’t it?”
Erin tried to find the enthusiasm Olesm was giving off, but the truth was this revolutionary idea was small potatoes in her world. She sighed, but then she had a thought.
“I’ve got a better idea. Here, give me the paper back.”
She took the pen and dipped it in the ink pot Olesm held out.
“They sent me a puzzle, so I can send one back. Let’s see how they like this.”
Erin drew out a chess board with every piece in the starting position. She wasn’t an artist, but she did the best she could. Then she wrote in the upper left hand corner:
‘Black side will mirror white side’s every move. Force checkmate in 4 moves.’
“It’s a bit elementary, but it should be a good challenge for a beginner.”
She showed it to Olesm and Krshia. Olesm frowned at the paper while Krshia shook her head in confusion, but then he smiled.
“Ah. I actually know this one.”
“Wait, what?”
“Several new players like to challenge me this way. So I grew quite adept at beating them. It is quite a simple solution as I’m sure you know. If you move the queen like so—”
Erin scowled and snatched the parchment back.
“Give me that.”
