1.31
Page 1
“Please! Move back!”
The guard finally managed to pull the enraged shopkeeper away from Erin. He struggled and hollered, but eventually he let himself be lead away. He still shot venomous glances over his shoulder at Erin, which she returned in kind.
That was unpleasant. Erin was just about to leave before the jerk came back and shouted some more when the guardsman returned.
“Miss?”
“Oh, hi. Thanks for getting rid of him for me. Was he mad about someone stealing his stuff?”
The Drake nodded. He looked out of sorts and tired.
“There have been a number of petty thefts across the city. Shopkeeper Lism was the latest one to be stolen from.”
“Well…I’m sorry about that. Good luck finding the criminal.”
Erin tried to excuse herself, but the guardsman shook his head.
“I’m sorry Miss, but I’m afraid I’ll have to investigate his claims. If you’ll follow me, I’ll take a statement from you. I’ll also need proof that you were out of the city this morning.”
“What?”
“It’s standard procedure—”
“But I—he—he’s just mad because I beat him at a game of chess! Or—I beat his cousin and—look, I didn’t do anything.”
The guardsman sighed wearily and raised his hands.
“I understand Miss, but I have to investigate all leads. Please, this won’t take too long…”
Erin looked around helplessly. This wasn’t fair. But who could help her? The other Drakes and Gnolls, well, some of them looked indifferent, others even sympathetic. But some of them were eying her. And none of them would help. What could they do?
A lot, if one of the people in the crowd was a certain female Gnoll who pushed her way through the throng and marched up to the guardsman. He visibly wilted as Krshia, shopkeeper, Gnoll, and currently Erin’s number one hero folded her arms.
“What are you doing if may I ask, guardsman? I hear you are taking an innocent human away on the word of a petty shopkeeper. But that would be wrong, yes?”
The guardsman backed up two steps from the angry Gnoll. He wasn’t a small Drake, but Krshia was big even for a Gnoll, and a few more Gnolls in the crowd were drifting her way.
“Look, Mistress Krshia, I’m just investigating—”
“I heard.”
Krshia sniffed and glanced down the street. Lism, the shopkeeper ducked back into his stall as she glared in his direction.
“Lism, the sheddings that he is, talks too much and lies when he knows nothing. Someone broke into his stall, but he saw nothing, heard nothing. But he claims it was a girl who bested him out of spite. And you would bother her without evidence?”
“That’s not—I’m just doing my job.”
“Well then, if you have a reason, find Erin Solstice and ask her then. But until that time, you will leave an innocent human alone, yes?”
“I—”
The guardsman was torn between duty and not wanting to deal with anything remotely approaching the trouble written on Krshia’s face. He hesitated, and then decided as several Gnolls casually walked out of the crowd and joined Krshia. They stood behind her and Erin, not looming but certainly projecting an aura.
“I believe I’ll continue my investigations into the break-in separately. Ah, I will contact Miss Solstice if anything comes up.”
Krshia smiled coldly.
“Yes, that is wise.”
“Well then.”
The guardsman backed off fast. Erin blinked, still confused by what had just happened. The entire moment—well she was grateful for Krshia obviously—but it struck her as slightly wrong that the local law enforcement would back down to a bunch of civilians.
