1.31
Page 0

Erin walked down the street, and she felt like sighing. No—she felt like her entire existence was a long, slow sigh.
She was tired. Tired, and weary in her very bones. But more than that, she was just disappointed. And that was the worst feeling of all.
Humans.
She’d missed them. Really, she had. She’d missed her friends and being back in her home. She even missed the way people said hello as you walked into the supermarket. And she’d been missing all of that so hard that she’d forgotten how nasty people could be.
They didn’t like Drakes or Gnolls. Humans. And now that Erin knew that, and heard the way the adventurer and merchant had been talking, she understood why the feeling was mutual.
It was pretty rude to insult an entire species in their own city. Erin wasn’t too sure about much when it came to talking about race, but she was sure of that.
Erin scuffed along Market Street. She wasn’t sure she wanted to buy anything, but she didn’t want to leave the city just yet. Not because she had anything to do here—it was just that the trek back to her inn was too much for her at the moment.
Politeness. It was only right to be polite. And that went double for judging an entire species just because you didn’t like their smell. Sure, Gnolls could be prickly, but they could also be really nice. The same went for Drakes.
“There she is! There’s the thief!”
Then again, there were jerks in every species.
Erin turned around at the voice. It was a familiar voice that set her teeth on edge and made her check her money pouch. Not just because of the thief comment.
Approaching at a high-speed strut down the street was a Drake shopkeeper. Erin’s eyes narrowed as he barged up to her and began shouting.
“I know it was you! You couldn’t resist attacking an honest merchant and you decide to have a bit of revenge, eh?”
“What?”
Erin blinked at the Drake. He was visibly red with rage. He jabbed at her with a finger and she stepped back.
“Enough!”
Another Drake pushed his way through the crowd. This one was a Guardsman, and he was visibly harried. He interposed himself between the shopkeeper and Erin.
“Lism, I’ve told you before. You can’t just start accusing humans at random!”
“Ah, but this one is different!”
Lism the shopkeeper pointed at Erin around the guard and raised his voice so more people could hear.
“This is the human who robbed me of my merchandise! She also cheated at the chess game with my nephew, I’ve no doubt! She’s been nothing but trouble since she entered the city, and now she’s stealing from honest folk trying to make a living!”
What was it about Erin and trouble? It seemed it followed her wherever she went. Erin gritted her teeth.
“I didn’t steal anything. I haven’t even been in the city—”
“Miss, please.”
The guardsman cut her off. He gently moved Lism back.
“I’ll look into your claims sir, but I can’t make any arrests. Unless you have proof—”
“Hey, I said I didn’t steal anything!”
“Hah! Another human lie!”
Lism jabbed a claw at Erin again, despite the guard’s best attempts to move them apart. Now Erin was getting mad. She opened her mouth and clenched her fists.
“I was out of the city all day! I have proof!”
“Well—”
The shopkeeper hesitated, but now he was too far in to back down.
“It could have been her. You know how humans get! They’re always sneaking around, going where they’re not wanted.”
“We’ll investigate your claims. Just please move back—”
“You can’t trust her word! All of these humans have caused nothing but trouble since they got here! First they start stealing, and then what? They’ll take our jobs, attack us on the streets—”
