1.31
Page 6
She watched Gazi, but Krshia had no idea – or perhaps she did – that she was being watched right back.
 
—-
 
Erin stared in horrified fascination as one of Gazi’s eyeballs slowly rotated to face forwards in her head as the two walked down the street. Apparently Gazers had 360° vision, which was awesome and incredibly disturbing.
She talked to Gazi while the female adventurer’s eyes roamed. She kept her big eye focused on Erin as she walked—out of politeness Erin guessed, but her other four eyes were all moving in other directions. In fact, it was quite disturbing how Gazi’s big eye didn’t move away from Erin the entire time. Since she had other eyes, she could focus entirely on Erin even while avoiding other pedestrians.
Not that there were any to get in her or Erin’s way. The other people on the street either knew Gazi or didn’t want to walk in front of the adventurer. She was still dressed like a warrior, and even if her armor looked rusty, she looked like serious business.
All in all—no, Erin wasn’t going to think it. But she couldn’t help it. It really felt like she was talking to a female version of Mad Eye Moody, as wrong as that sounded. A lot less grumpy, and with more than one crazy eyeball, but the thought was in her head and she couldn’t shake it.
And like the Harry Potter characters, Gazi seemed to be a sinkhole for attention. So much so that Erin felt uncomfortable as the two walked down the street towards the gates. She was used to scrutiny, but this time the Drakes and Gnolls weren’t even bothering to hide their stares. And sure, most were staring at Gazi, but a lot of them were also staring at the weird human talking to her.
“You’re really that famous, huh?”
Gazi shrugged and the armor on her shoulders rolled back.
“Some might say so. I apologize if the attention bothers you. Do you dislike such things?”
“Dunno. I’ve never been famous—or popular.”
Gazi nodded.
“I believe I am more infamous than famous.”
“I’ve never been that either.”
“I believe the difference between the two is quite minute in some senses. In other however—well, suffice it to say I appreciate staring as opposed to other reactions.”
“Right, right. I get you.”
Erin and Gazi stopped at a crowded intersection. Today seemed like a weekend—not that Erin had a good grasp of the week days in this world. She spotted several families out and about, which meant that they’d entered the residential district. She seldom went there, so the sight of children was—
They were so small. And cute! Well, the Gnoll kids reminded Erin of vicious puppies, but the small Drakes were terrifyingly cute. They ran about like normal kids, dragging their shorter tails about at they scuffled, played…did all the things normal kids did, really.
As they caught sight of Erin and Gazi, some of the adults stared. But a gang of Drakes and a few Gnolls pointed at Erin instead. One of the children ran up to the two and then away. It was a boy Drake—at least, she thought it was.
That was charming, especially the way the group of kids was clearly fascinated with her. Erin was smiling—until she saw the parents.
Two Drakes, both with lighter blue scales watched their offspring run about with his friends with affectionate interest. He ran up to her, and his parents called out, not wanting him to bother Erin. She was caught by the moment and the thought struck her before she could banish it.
Mother, father, and child.
Her smile flickered and vanished. But then Erin put it back on her face. She bent down towards the young Drake, not looking towards either of the parents.
“Hi there!”
