1.31
Page 10
“I try, I try. I’m not the greatest guardsman in the city for no reason.”
The four guardsman stopped their meal and looked up at Relc. One of them snorted.
“Greatest guardsman? Sure, one who can’t even catch a human Runner.”
The other three chuckled. Relc thumped back down on his chair and glared at them.
“I was wearing armor, and I had my spear, alright? She got lucky!”
Erin blinked at Relc as the other guardsman made more jokes at his expense.
“You got outrun by a Runner?”
“She was really fast! I’ve never seen anything like it! Any other Runner I’d leave in the dust. But her—”
“Sure you didn’t lose while you were admiring her?”
“Too busy panting and not enough breathing while you were running?”
“Shut up!”
Relc glared at the two guards and threw a bit of food at them. That earned him another buffet from Erin. He glared at her, but then switched tone.
“—By the way Miss Erin. You…wouldn’t happen to know any female Runners, would you?”
“Me?”
Erin blinked at him. Relc nodded.
“Sure, I mean, maybe, right? She was about your age.”
“What did she look like?”
This question came from Pisces. The mage was staring with some interest at Relc. The Drake frowned and shrugged awkwardly.
“She had…black hair. And she was—tall? Taller than Erin. And uh, she was fast. Ring any bells?”
Pisces and Erin exchanged a look. Erin planted her hands on her hips.
“How am I supposed to know someone by all that?”
“Hey, I’m doing the best I can! All you humans—you’re sort of similar. Anyways, I just thought you’d know her.”
“Because I’m human? And all humans know other humans?”
Relc scratched at the side of his head.
“Um. Yeah?”
“Unbelievable.”
Erin began banging together empty dishes she glared at Relc as the Drake spread his claws out innocently.
“Hey, I just wondered—that isn’t the only reason I’m here! I was going to tell you about the thief in the city.”
“I already know about the thief in the city! And before you cause more trouble, it wasn’t Pisces. If he were the thief you’d have caught him already.”
“Oh, we know that. There wasn’t any magic detected at the places that were stolen from. No, it’s probably just some human. But I wanted to tell you to hire some protection around here. You got lucky with those Shield Spiders, but you’re not going to be lucky forever. Hire an adventurer already.”
“And pay them with what? Adventurers are expensive!”
One of the guards nodded.
“They are. Unless you know one personally, the rates they charge are far too high.”
Relc glared at the guardsman.
“Way to help, thick-tail.”
“I don’t have money for that. Unless—”
Erin reappeared in the common room. She smiled at Gazi who was observing the argument with urbane amusement.
“Hey, Gazi, want a job? I can’t pay much, but I’ll feed you if you stay. I haven’t fixed up the rooms upstairs, but I could work on that.”
Relc, Pisces, and all four guardsman both started choking on their food. Gazi smiled and shook her head.
“As tempting as your offer is, I must refuse. But I believe you would be wise to invest in some form of defense as you are no warrior.”
“Once I have the money from the Shield Spiders I’ll see. But I’m not made of money. I don’t even have much money.”
Pisces had been following the conversation while eating a huge helping of pasta. Now a calculating look appeared on his face as he glanced at Erin.
“I might be able to help in that regard. Miss Erin, seeing as how my funds have been confiscated…would you accept—alternate forms of payment?”
She glared at him.
“At this point, as long as you pay me something I’ll be happy.”
Erin paused and hastily amended that sentence.
