1.32
Page 9
The skeleton walked behind Erin, silent as a ghost. Its bony feet clicked silently on the floorboards as she made her way upstairs. It was a part of the inn Erin seldom visited for one real reason:
The dirt.
It was everywhere. And while Erin could keep the bottom floor of her inn mostly clean thanks to her [Basic Cleaning] skill, she hadn’t even bothered to take on the upstairs.
If cleaning the common room of the inn had been akin to a short jog in terms of effort, the upper floor would have been like summiting the Himalayas back-to-back. Even the skeleton seemed impressed by the layers of dirt in the room Erin lead it to.
“Give me that.”
Erin pulled the bucket and old rag out of the skeleton’s hands. The days-old water slopped onto the floor, instantly dissolving several years’ worth of accumulations in a moment. She dipped the rag into the water, squeezed it, and then handed it to the skeleton. It took the rag and looked at it blankly. Erin pointed to the room.
“Clean this.”
The skeleton stared at her. Erin waved at the dusty rooms and mildewed boards.
“All of it. Clean it. Understand?”
Slowly, the skeleton looked at the rag. It looked at the floor. It tossed the rag on the floor and began wiping weakly with its foot. Erin shook her head.
“No! You take this—”
She grabbed the cloth and scrubbed energetically at the floorboards, removing a layer of dirt, dust, and black stains which immediately turned the dustrag black.
“—And clean up. See? Just like that.”
The skeleton paused, and then tried to copy Erin. She watched, correcting, pointing out errors.
“Scrub harder there. No—don’t move the rag like that. A smooth, circular motion. Like this. See?”
After a few minutes, Erin was begrudgingly impressed as the skeleton revealed a shiny patch of floorboards underneath the carpeting of detritus.
“Good.”
The skeleton paused and looked up at her. She waved her hand at it.
“Don’t stop! Keep going!”
It stared around the room, confused. Erin shook her head. She walked to the doorway and showed the skeleton the other rooms.
“See this? This entire floor. Clean it. Clean the floor, the walls, and the windows. Don’t stop until you’re finished!”
Erin stomped down the stairs, leaving the skeleton upstairs in the half-light. It stared down at the dustrag. Then the skeleton stared around the room. It was covered in residue left by moisture, open windows, dust, animal excrement, and rot. Even the ceiling was speckled or sometimes splashed with unfortunate stains. And this was one room of many.
Skeletons couldn’t sigh. It was a lung thing, as in they didn’t have it. But the fire in its eyes dimmed ever so slightly. Then the skeleton bent down and got to work.
It didn’t level that night. Skeletons couldn’t become innkeepers. But it did have something in its mind. Something unique to it. Words that had echoed when it was first created. Words that no undead had ever heard before.
 
[Unnamed, Level 1 Skeleton Warrior]
 
It wasn’t sure how it felt about that.
 

