1.32
Page 0

Erin went out of her inn three times over the course of the next two days. The first time she went out she visited Selys and the two had a long chat—lecture, really—about not going out and fighting monsters alone. Then they visited a bathhouse, helped Erin pick out more clothing, and went to see the ruins.
The ruins were about ten miles out from the city, but such was the traffic going to and from the ruins that it was easy to hitch a ride on a cart. Erin wondered why the mysterious ruins were safe to visit until Selys pointed out the countless adventurers of various levels congregated around the ruins.
There were at least a hundred mostly human adventurers now, in the city and in the makeshift tent city that had already appeared around the ruins. But for all the shanty town’s size, it was dwarfed by the size of the excavated ruins.
They were massive. The excavation site itself was a giant pit in the ground – three times as large as a football stadium that had unearthed a dark stone opening, a massive doorway into a crypt, or so Erin and Selys were told.
They didn’t go anywhere near the building. Few of the adventurers did either, and the merchants offering goods had parked their shops on the edge of the crater.
Apparently, the ruins were still filled with dirt and dried mud from years of being buried. Thus adventurers were digging while fending off the monsters that lived within. Apparently, the place abounded with giant burrowing rats – a delicacy according to Selys – various types of the undead, varieties of spiders, and other low to mid-level monsters.
That was slowing up the adventuring teams, along with the sheer size of the ruins. But the main truth of it was that none of the diggers hired wanted to dig far in case they found something, and most of the adventuring teams felt the same. True, several had found small caskets of valuables like silver and jewels, indicating this was at least partly an old crypt, but several of the more adventurous teams had advanced further in and never come back.
Or they’d come back shuffling and moaning, trying to eat the flesh of the living.
That was the first visit, and Erin was lucky enough not to see any dead zombies – especially because she had a lovely lunch with Selys as they watched everyone mill about and not do anything much around the ruins. She attracted quite a bit of attention herself, being known as the innkeeper who slew Shield Spiders and, more notably, the human innkeeper.
Several human adventurers came by to talk to Erin, but didn’t get very far with Selys glaring at them. They promised to visit her inn later, a promise Erin didn’t know they’d keep when she told them she wasn’t serving alcohol yet.
 
—-
 
The next day, Erin went out and visited Selys again, only this time it was for business. The business of being paid, to be exact.
Erin happily held up the cloth bag and shook it. It made a dull metallic sound. She frowned, but the lack of any satisfying jingle wasn’t enough to get her down.
“Money~!”
Selys smiled at Erin as she put away the signed receipt under the counter in the Adventurer’s Guild.
“Just don’t spend it all in one place, okay Erin?”
“Sure, sure. I’ll just spend it on important stuff. Like—fancy dust rags! Or alcohol! Or…a dress?”
Selys eyed Erin sternly and shook her head.
“How about a weapon? You could probably afford a good one, with that much money.”
