1.32
Page 2
The Gnoll nodded and spread one hand to indicate his wares. Erin stared at a veritable armory of weapons on display. Most made sense to her, but only in the sense of having seen them in movies. They all looked sharp.
“For a friend of Krshia, I will do my best to oblige you, yes? Do you fight with any weapon besides your hands, Erin Solstice?”
“Um. No. No…in fact I’ve never held anything larger than a knife.”
The Gnoll paused as he unhooked a devilish-looking scimitar from a weapon rack. He put the weapon back and nodded.
“We have many weapons for beginners and self-defense, yes? Daggers, clubs…these weapons would be best.”
Erin stared at the dagger he carefully offered her hilt-first. It looked pointy, and the metal was polished until she could see her vague reflection in it. But that was about all she knew about weapons.
“I’m not too sure a dagger would help against most of the monsters I see wandering around my inn.”
Then again, she doubted even the battleaxes would help if she was fighting a rock crab.
“…How about a crossbow? Do you have one of those?”
Selys looked confused.
“A what? You mean something like this?”
Selys held up two bows and made an X with them. Erin laughed.
“No! Never mind.”
The Gnoll shopkeeper scratched at his head and then shook himself. It was like a dog and Erin unconsciously edged away in case he had fleas.
“I have heard of these weapons. Minotaurs use them and some humans in southern continents. But they are not common or easy to obtain here, yes? It would cost many gold coins and take months to arrive.”
“Okay, no crossbow then.”
Erin sighed and stared at the racks of weapons.
“You don’t have to buy a weapon, you know. I keep telling you our adventurers will guard your inn.”
“For eight silver coins a day per adventurer? And that’s for the lowest-level ones, right? No thank you.”
Erin shook her head. She had a better idea than Selys’s option in mind, and fortunately it didn’t involve her learning to poke people with bits of metal.
“Do you have any good short swords? Is that a short sword?”
The Gnoll nodded. He pulled a sword that was indeed short off the display and placed it on the counter. Erin poked the hilt gingerly, keeping her fingers away from the blade. Selys hovered beside Erin, making sure the human’s hands were well away from the blade. Both she and the Gnoll seemed more anxious than Erin was around bladed weapons.
“You know buying a sword won’t immediately give you any classes? You need weeks—months of practice before you’ll learn any skills. And I wouldn’t try swinging it around by yourself Erin, I really wouldn’t.”
“I’m not stupid.”
“No, but—”
“How much?”
“For you, two gold coins and three silver.”
Erin looked at Selys. The Drake nodded cautiously.
“That’s expensive. But it is good craftsmanship.”
“Fine steel. You will not find better in the city.”
The Gnoll nodded and tapped the blade. He seemed honest, at least in that Erin hadn’t met a dishonest Gnoll yet. They were a bit more straightforward than Drakes, while Drakes were more like humans.
“Okay, how about a shield? A uh, buckler? Is that what they’re called?”
She pointed and the Gnoll brought out a metal shield rounded in the center. It was a tiny shield, meant to be held in the hand to deflect weapons rather than arrows.
Selys objected.
“It’s too small. Look, you need a larger shield if you really want to equip yourself. Which I still don’t recommend, by the way.”
“I know what I’m doing Selys. Anyways, it’s not for myself. How much for both?”
