1.32
Page 5
“Hold it!”
Rags paused and tripped up the Goblins behind her. They crashed into a pile and she stared suspiciously at Erin as the human groaned and set the jar on the floor. She rubbed her back and beckoned at the Goblin.
“I’ve got an idea that’ll help both us out. And I’ll give you the sword and buckler, okay? I’ll put it on your tab.”
That did the trick. Rags was over caressing the blade in a second. Erin pointed to the acid jars.
“You know what this is, right?”
Rags nodded. She kept a very respectful distance from the green, glowing acid sloshing in the jar and made the other Goblins stand even further back. That made Erin feel better too. She wouldn’t put it past one of them to trip into the glass jar, and that would not be a pretty sight.
She patted the glass jar.
“Dangerous stuff. And I don’t want it. But what if I gave you some smaller jars? You could sort of throw this stuff at people, right? Not on Shield Spiders, though. It doesn’t really work on them. But other things—yeah. What do you think?”
She pulled out a small, human fist-sized jar and showed it to Rags. The Goblin blinked down at the small jar and they looked at the bigger glass jar in sudden comprehension.
“I’ll sell you these acid jars and you can pay me, okay?”
Erin waited. Rags studied the green acid fly liquid mixed with the occasional fly body. She knew fully well how dangerous the acid was. She was also impressed Erin was brave enough to harvest the acid flies, especially given how big some of them got. And the deal she was offering?
That was a good deal.
The Goblin looked at the jars and saw a thousand different tactical options, not least of which was letting other Goblins drink the deadly acid if she left it out in the open. Erin looked at the Goblins and saw a convenient recycling machine that might pay her.
Both human and Goblin smiled.
 
—-
 
It was weird making a deal in sign language, but Erin had played chess players from other countries before. Even a deaf chess player and two mute ones. One of them had kicked her ass twice in a row, and she’d had a great time laughing with him over a stupid move she’d made—
The point was that she could communicate more or less with Rags. The small Goblin was extremely smart, and that was before you compared her with the other Goblins following her. They’d contented themselves with picking their noses and wiping their fingers on each other while she and Rags ‘talked’.
Eventually, the deal had been for Rags and her Goblins to pay several bronze coins per jar of acid. It wasn’t much, especially since Erin would have to buy newer, smaller jars for the Goblins to carry. But it was better than her pouring the acid out on the ground like she’d been doing. There was a huge scar in the earth outside of her inn that testified to how smart that idea was.
But it was a good deal. A great deal, even. It brought new revenue into Erin’s inn, especially since Rags bought all the jars Erin had in the inn and filled them up with acid. It helped her get rid of something she didn’t want, and it might help Rags and her band of Goblins survive a bit longer.
It was a good deal. It just wasn’t the deal Erin wanted.
She stared at the jar of acid. She could make her own acid flasks if she wanted. It was a handy weapon, even if some things like the Rock Crabs and the Shield Spiders were mostly immune to the acid. She had her fists and that [Bar Fighting] skill, as well as [Unerring Throw]. It was enough for self-defense against most of the monsters she’d seen, and she could run away from the rest.
