1.32
Page 8
“If it’s some kind of warrior, shouldn’t it at least have a sword?”
“Swords are expensive Miss Solstice. And I am—regrettably—short on funding at the moment. Surely you could afford to equip your new bodyguard yourself?”
And she’d just given the short sword and buckler to Rags. Erin ground her teeth.
“Okay, fine. You’ve given me a pet skeleton. What does it do, exactly? Besides fight and scare me to death that is?”
Pisces shrugged.
“Whatever you wish. It will obey any command you give it, but ah, its capacity for thought is quite limited at the moment. That may improve with time. I have made several improvements over the traditional undead animation spells—”
“So it’s a special undead skeleton monster. Wonderful. And what happens if it breaks or goes nuts?”
“The spell will not wear out. The body might in the course of normal combat though, it is true. I would be happy to repair any damage done for a nominal fee—”
Erin shook her head.
“Skeleton repairs. That’s how they get you every time.”
Glumly, she stared at the skeleton. Was it because she’d gone nuts or just gotten used to this world? She wasn’t half as freaked out by the skeleton as she felt she should have been. And what was worse, she was even considering keeping the thing.
“And this is supposed to pay off your tab? All the gold you owe me?”
Pisces cleared his throat awkwardly
“Well, the price of an advanced reanimation spell such as this is traditionally worth—”
He cut off fast as Erin turned her head slightly.
“I suppose a full repayment of my debts and some credit towards the future would not be too much to ask?”
“It might.”
Erin stared glumly at the skeleton. It stared back, waiting patiently for orders.
“Okay, let’s say I accept this. Won’t the Watch get mad?”
No response. Erin sighed.
“And this wouldn’t happen to be a body belonging to anyone in Liscor, would it? But no—it’s a human skeleton. Except—”
She frowned. Now that she looked, the skeleton didn’t look quite right. Sure, it had a human head, but its ribs looked a bit different than the books she’d read in biology class. Come to that, some of the bones around the pelvis looked subtly different.
“Hey, you didn’t rob a bunch of graves for this, did you, Pisces? Because if you did—hello?”
Scowling, Erin looked around. She saw no unhelpful mage, just the skeleton. Just an open door and a very noticeable absence of mage. He was gone.
Erin stared at the open door. Then she wondered if Pisces was still in the inn. Invisibility spells and all that. Quite deliberately, Erin walked around the room with her arms spread, trying to hit anything invisible and listening for sounds.
Nothing. He was probably gone. Probably. But Erin would be changing under a towel from now on.
She sighed, turned, nearly ran into the skeleton and bit back a scream. It stared at her, expectantly.
“Go over there!”
Obediently, the skeleton walked away, but it turned its head, waiting for orders. Erin tried not to freak out. She could not deal with this. Even if it did seem like an answer, it was the most back-handed slap-to-the-face answer she’d ever found.
What to do? What to do? The first thing to do was get the skeleton out of the room, possibly out of her life. Erin stared grimly at the skeleton and realized she was going to lose any staring match.
She had an idea. Erin pointed at the skeleton.
“You. Skele-thing.”
It stared at her expectantly.
“Follow me.”
Erin walked into the kitchen, grabbed a few items, and shoved them at the skeleton who had followed her.
“Carry this. And follow me.”
