1.32
Page 3
“We do not sell many bucklers. I will sell both for four gold coins, Erin Solstice, so long as you promise not to use either without first being instructed.”
She grinned at him, her hands already going into her money pouch.
“Deal. But like I said, these aren’t for me. They’re a gift. Or maybe a bribe.”
Selys was shaking her head as the coins changed hands and the Gnoll found a sheath for the short sword.
“A bribe? For who? Who’d use something as small as—wait. You’re not thinking of—Erin! No!”
Erin lifted both weapons into her arms. Even with her [Lesser Strength] skill, they were heavy. She turned to Selys and copied the Drake’s exasperated expression.
“Why not? They’re cheap, I know them personally, and they live around my inn.”
“They’ll stab you in the back when you’re asleep!”
Erin walked away from the Gnoll shopkeeper, arguing with Selys as he watched them in bemusement.
“They haven’t done it so far. Besides, these are the good ones. Well, sort of good. I already feed them.”
“This is a terrible idea, you’ll see.”
“No, it’s a great idea. You’ll see.”
 
—-
 
Rags stared down at the shiny weapons Erin offered her and then up at the human smiling at her. Slowly, the small Goblin shook her head.
Erin’s face fell. She thrust the sheathed short sword at the Goblin and the Goblin backed up into her bodyguards.
“No? Why not? Come on, it’s a great deal!”
Rags shook her head again, and the other Goblins following her moved in front of her and barred Erin’s way. The far taller innkeeper scowled at them and they quailed a bit, but there were seven Goblins including Rags in the inn, and only one Erin. If it came to it—
They’d probably run. But strangely, Rags was confident Erin would never try to hurt them. She was a strange human, possibly a good one. She just had terrible ideas, like the deal she was offering the Goblins.
“Look. It’s really simple okay? I’ll give you these weapons and feed you guys as much as you want. In return you guard my inn. Keep thieves and monsters away. It’s not a bad deal, right?”
It was a bad deal. While Rags was no eloquent orator, her own train of thought was quite clear. Her splintered tribe had been small even before the Chieftain had been killed. Now, it was in a power struggle and Rags was leading the smaller breakaway faction who didn’t believe all humans should be eaten on sight.
More than that, the small Goblin knew the Floodplains and was sure that defending the inn was a death sentence. What the strange human girl was offering was a terrible deal. The magnificent weapons tempted Rags greatly, but even they couldn’t outweigh the massive disadvantages of Erin’s deal.
Now, how to explain that to an idiot? Rag’s brow furrowed and she tried her best. She gargled a few syllables in her own language at Erin, and then tried the language Erin spoke in. Neither worked. Erin just stared at her blankly, like one of the grazing animals—cows.
“You don’t want the sword?”
Rags nodded. She pointed at the other Goblins and at the ground and then shook her head.
“But you don’t want to guard.”
Rags nodded again.
“Why? Is it because there aren’t enough of you?”
Nod, nod. At last Erin was getting it.
“Well—you could be tactical about it, couldn’t you? What if I got you a bow and arrow? That might be better than running around in a huge mob like you guys do.”
This time all the Goblins glared at Erin. That was valid, traditional Goblin tactic. Rags had improved on the formula by swarming in controlled bursts and incorporating devilishly cunning tactics like feints into their strategy, but swarming was what Goblins did best.
