1.32
Page 6
But none of that helped protect her inn. Someone could walk in and steal as much as they wanted if Erin was gone, or they could hide and attack her when she got back. She had no defense against mobs of enemies, and she was sure a Rock Crab could level the inn if one got close. Seed cores wouldn’t scare away a swarm of the stupid crabs if something set them off.
She needed protection. Without it, Erin was truly screwed. And—and she needed to clean up her trashed inn, buy replacements for all of her supplies, and hope that she had enough money left over for—something. And that the mysterious thief wouldn’t come back when Erin was out again.
None of it was overwhelming, but for Erin it was too much to deal with at the moment. She rested her head on the table, exhausted.
Knock. Knock.
Erin didn’t raise her head off the table.
“Come in.”
Knock. Knock.
“I said, come in.”
No response. The knocking continued. Erin waited for it to end, but the person at the door was persistent. First one minute, then five, the knocking continued rhythmically, without stopping. At last, Erin stood up, growling.
She stalked over to the door and yanked it open.
“I said—”
A skeleton stood in the doorway, tall as Erin—taller. Just a skeleton. Its yellow-white bones were devoid of any flesh, and yet it stood upright, denying biology and physics. Erin looked into twin burning blue-white flames that flickered in the skeleton’s eye sockets. The skeleton opened its jaw and clattered at her.
Erin shut the door. Then she screamed. Then she turned to run for the kitchen knives.
Only when she had turned did Erin realize she hadn’t locked the door. It opened and she turned to see the skeleton walk silently into her inn.
Erin backed up. The skeleton advanced. It wasn’t attacking. It wasn’t attacking, but Erin was about to have a heart attack. It stepped towards her and Erin nearly tripped over the acid jar still sitting on the floor.
Suddenly, the skeleton raised a hand. Erin flinched and raised her hands but the undead creature wasn’t attacking. It didn’t have…any weapon? And yes, it wasn’t striking at her. Instead, it held something in its hand.
Erin blinked. The skeleton held the scrap of parchment out to her silently. She took a step back and it advanced. Not too close to her, but it wasn’t letting her get away either.
She hesitated. The skeleton was just staring at her, although it had no real eyes, just the burning sockets in its skull. That was worse. It was waiting. She had to do something. So Erin took few deep breaths and then reached out.
She took the piece of paper from the skeleton with a shaking hand. Erin edged away from the skeleton and swiftly glanced down at the paper, reading while keeping an eye on the undead monster. She blinked at the messy script, looked up at the skeleton, and then around. She glanced back at the skeleton, and then got mad.
“Pisces!”
He appeared in the room, wavering into focus as his invisibility spell ended. Perhaps he’d meant it to be a dramatic entrance, but Erin wasn’t impressed. It wasn’t nearly as cool as an invisibility cloak.
Pisces opened his mouth and Erin stepped forwards and punched him in the face. Hard. He fell down, barely missing the acid jar. Quickly, Erin grabbed the jar and towed it into the kitchen before she or he knocked it over.
The mage or rather – necromancer – looked up at Erin reproachfully as she walked back into the room. She didn’t give him a hand up so he reluctantly picked himself off, brushing the dirt on his robes onto the ground.
“That was most unkind to a faithful patron, Good Mistress.”
