1.32
Page 1
All told, the bounty on the Shield Spiders plus the fee she earned from selling their carcasses earned Erin just over eleven gold coins, reduced some because some of the spiders had been burned too badly to use. That was generally agreed to be a lot of money, but not a lot for the bounty on the carcasses.
One of the more senior Drake adventurers not currently staring at the Ruins leaned over the desk to talk to Erin. He was friendly and yellow-scaled, and Erin couldn’t remember his name.
“You could have gotten a far better deal selling the spider’s bodies elsewhere. Probably half again as much, especially if you went right to the right merchants. The Guild charges far too much for its service.”
Selys glared at the Drake who had spoken.
“The Guild pays a good rate for monster parts! If you’ve got a problem Ylss, take it up with the guild master – or the council.”
Ylss flicked out his tongue dismissively.
“The Guild won’t listen, and the council won’t either. But I’ve been talking to the Human adventurers and they say their guilds pay them far better than ours does.”
“That’s because Human adventurers go out and fight monsters instead of their city watch. If you want to negotiate prices, go slay a Shield Spider nest yourself. Erin here—”
Selys glanced around. She spotted Erin with her hand on the door.
“Erin, are you going already?”
Erin waved and smiled and opened the door before Selys asked if she wanted to stay. She did not, especially if it meant listening to another argument. Drakes were surprisingly – or was that unsurprisingly? – hot-headed.
It was time to go back to the inn, before she splurged on everything. So Erin only bought a few essentials from Krshia, a few more from other shops, fended off the Gnoll’s attempts to get her to have a cup of tea, and went home for lunch.
 
—-
 
When Erin returned to her inn she found it had been ransacked. She spent a few minutes staring at the trashed kitchen and her upended bags and supplies. They hadn’t ever been neatly organized in the first place, but the person – or people – who had visited her inn while she was away had tossed everything onto the floor and trampled it.
They hadn’t taken much. Erin didn’t have much. But they’d taken quite a bit of food, spilled the rest on the ground, and taken other of Erin’s vital necessities.
Like her toothbrush. When Erin realized that was gone she finally flipped. She grabbed the bag of her money – noting that the rest of the money she’d hidden in the inn was also missing – and stormed back towards the city.
 
—-
 
Selys had to half-jog to keep up with Erin as the other girl stomped through the market.
“So let me get this straight. You don’t mind monsters attacking you, but the instant someone steals from your inn you want protection?”
Erin glared at Selys.
“Yes!”
“But they didn’t even steal anything important. Some food and a few coins—”
“One gold coin and three silver coins!”
“Why didn’t you hide it better? Or put it under lock and key?”
“I don’t have a lock. Or a key!”
“We can buy a vault, or an enchanted lock and key if you want. I know a good shop—”
“No. I want a weapon.”
“Suit yourself. Here’s a good shop the adventurers talk about.”
Selys pointed and Erin made a beeline for the store manned by a burly Gnoll. He bared his teeth at Erin and nodded silently at her.
“Erin human. Greetings.”
“Hi there.”
Erin smiled back at the Gnoll, showing her teeth as well. It was a Gnoll thing which she had learned. Selys just nodded at the Gnoll without showing any teeth.
“I’m looking for a weapon.”
