1.32
Page 7
“Jerk. What the hell is that?”
Erin pointed with a shaking finger to the skeleton. It had watched everything silently.
Sulkily, Pisces pointed to the piece of paper on the ground.
“I assumed my explanation would quell any questions you had.”
Erin seized the mage by the robes and dragged him face to face.
“What. Is. That?”
He looked into her eyes and chose his words carefully.
“It is a skeleton. An undead, animated skeleton to be precise.”
“And why is it here?”
“To protect you, of course. And to pay off my considerable tab.”
Erin let Pisces go. She stared at the skeleton and pulled at her hair.
“Why is—why did—”
Her hands twitched as she tried to stop from strangling Pisces on the spot. He backed up and straightened his robes, looking huffy.
“Is it not what you’ve been seeking?”
“You’re lucky I don’t throw acid on your face.”
“Please, Erin. I am only acting in your best interests—and mine. Consider this undead warrior.”
Pisces indicated the silent skeleton.
“Affordable, competent protection that needs neither sleep nor sustenance. I would say it is you who should be tendering your gratitude to me, Erin.”
He smiled, self-satisfied. Erin didn’t smile. She eyed the skeleton.
“It’s for me? What, does it obey orders?”
Pisces looked mildly insulted.
“Of course. I attuned it to you already. This skeleton will obey all commands and faithfully guard you and your possessions. Give it a command and see.”
Erin really didn’t want to. But the skeleton was standing too close for comfort. So she pointed to a corner.
“Go over there.”
Immediately, the skeleton turned and walked to the corner, navigating around the tables and chairs. There it stopped and swiveled its head, watching for Erin’s next command.
Somehow, having a staring skeleton standing in a dark corner staring at her was even worse than having it right next to her. Erin shuddered.
“I don’t like it.”
She ordered the skeleton to come back. It obediently walked closer and Erin walked around the skeleton. She had to order it to stand still first, and then the skeleton stood like the creepiest statue in place.
“Why did you think this was a good idea, Pisces?”
Pisces glanced at Erin, put out by the continued questioning.
“I had heard your repeated complaints about inadequate protection. And when I noticed the ah, state your inn was in this morning—”
“Oh, yeah! Did you do that?”
He raised his hands and backed away.
“Not I. The culprit had already departed when I arrived.”
The mage’s eyes shifted. Erin wondered if he’d been the one to help himself to her coin – or more food. She growled and the skeleton moved. It jerked into a low, fighting stance and faced Pisces of all people. He looked as alarmed as Erin.
“Call it off.”
“You’re the necromancer, you do it.”
“I made it so it would only obey you. Call it off or I’ll have to dismantle it.”
“Hey, stop!”
Erin smacked the skeleton in the back of the head. She immediately regretted it. The feel of smooth bone on her hand was—
The skeleton swiveled around to stare at Erin as she wiped her hand on her shirt. She pointed at it shakily.
“Don’t attack him. Unless I tell you to. Understand?”
It nodded. That was creepy. Erin shuddered.
“It is a competent warrior that will fight for you. And I do believe that is what you need, unless I am completely in error.”
He was right, but the way he was right was completely wrong. Erin just didn’t know how to explain that to Pisces. He clearly thought he’d done Erin a favor, and he was getting snippy in absence of her unconditional gratitude. But then she noticed something else that was wrong.
