1.32
Page 4
“Fighting in a huge mob just doesn’t seem that smart is all I’m saying. But what if you all had bows or something?”
Again, Rags shook her head. She mimed shooting an arrow and then poked the Goblin in the head next to her gently.
“Oh, not strong enough? Really?”
Nod. Rags really wished she could speak other languages, or barring that, if only one human could understand her. It was just as well she was a genius and Erin was bright enough so they could communicate this way.
And it seemed like Erin got it. Bows were useful, but not as good as having many knives. Goblin’s shorter reach and weaker strength meant that they couldn’t fire as far or as hard as a human or Drake archer anyways.
“I get it. Small arms and small bows, right? Size does matter. Too bad you don’t have any crossbows.”
Rag’s ears perked up at that. But the Goblin didn’t react in any other way, letting the human girl muse on, oblivious.
“I guess—well, yeah, anyone in armor wouldn’t be killed by a few arrows. But crossbows and longbows can pierce that stuff, right? But longbows—”
Erin eyed the Goblins. They were around four feet tall on average, and only the weird ones like the Chieftain got any taller. And even he would have had trouble stringing the massive longbows that could reach up to seven feet in length.
“Life is tough, huh?”
This time all the Goblins nodded. Life was tough. They were at war—well, Goblins were always at war, but this time they were at war with each other. The tribe was small, food was scarce because winter was coming, and they only had a weird human in an inn to feed them food in between running from the countless adventurers pouring into the region.
“Well, I guess I could return these things.”
Erin sighed and placed the short sword and buckler on a table. She noted how all the Goblin’s eyes were drawn covetously towards the weapon. Drat. She’d thought it was a good idea, but when she really thought about it she understood Rags’ predicament.
Besides, when Erin stood in front of the tiny Goblin girl she felt like she was still speaking to a child. Perhaps—perhaps she was. How long did it take for Goblins to grow up? How could you tell how old they were anyways?
Erin eyed all the Goblins as they seemed to confer with their leader, Rags. They were injured, most of them. They came into her inn every few days and ate as much as they could before waddling out, and they paid. But Erin had the distinct impression the battle that had started at her inn hadn’t ended with Klbkch. The Goblin’s faces were hard to remember, but some changed every few days. And Rags had her own cuts and scars on her body.
They were—well, they were evil, some of them. But the ones in front of Erin struck a chord with her. A sense of shared suffering, perhaps. And Erin had an idea that would help them, and maybe her a tiny bit.
She stood up. The Goblins immediately looked up at her. Erin pointed.
“Stay there. And don’t steal the sword or I’ll flatten you, got it?”
She walked back into her trashed kitchen that she still hadn’t found the time to tidy up. She walked to the back of the kitchen and opened a cupboard and stared at the jars inside. The thief who’d ransacked her inn hadn’t even gone near this cupboard, or tried to drink what was inside. Very wise, given the contents of the jars.
The goblins were all crowded around the short sword when Erin lugged the massive jar of acid fly juice back into the room. They were gingerly touching the blade and cutting their fingers on the edge when they looked up. When they saw what Erin was carrying they immediately fled for the door.
