1.33
Page 6
It was a record-breaking crowd that sat in The Wandering Inn. They barely occupied more than a fifth of the common room, although you wouldn’t know it, spread apart as they were.
Well, it was only to be expected really. The Goblins might not be too afraid of Erin, but Pisces was just another human to them and Gazi was bad news walking. They stayed away from her and the skeleton. Erin thought they’d all run when the skeleton opened the door for them, but Rags had kept them from fleeing into the hills.
The Goblin’s reaction had been the normal one. Pisces obviously hadn’t batted an eyelid at the walking skeleton, and the Antinium just treated the skeleton with a certain wariness. When Gazi had seen the skeleton she’d just blinked her massive eye and frowned for a bit without comment. Now she kept staring from the skeleton to Pisces as she ate, but she didn’t directly engage the [Necromancer] in conversation.
So all of Erin’s guests sat more or less in their own bubble. The Antinium played more chess, Pisces scarfed down food, Gazi watched, the Goblins ate and chattered amongst themselves, and none of them talked with each other.
But they all spoke to Erin. Or at least—the Goblins grunted at her and Rags nodded or shook her head when Erin talked. But everyone else talked to her.
“I noticed your new building. I take it is meant to act as a bathroom?”
Erin grinned at Gazi. She pointed at Pawn and the other Workers.
“Yeah. They just put it up today. Isn’t it great? Now I don’t have to keep squatting in the grass. Ahem.”
Gazi smiled as Erin coughed and blushed a bit.
“It is useful. Although I would warn you that maintaining such a spot can be difficult. You did well to build it away from water and your inn.”
Erin nodded.
“Pawn told me about all the problems an outhouse causes. They smell. And they attract flies. But I think I can solve that problem with the world’s greatest cleaning fluid.”
Gazi raised her single eyebrow, smiling slightly.
“And what would this be?”
“Acid. I have more than I can use, and it eats through anything that’s not stone or metal or glass really fast. I toss a bit of that in there every morning and voilà! Problem solved!”
Gazi blinked again. From his table, Pisces looked up and shook his head.
“Once again, your fascination with such a dangerous substance is alarming at best, Miss Solstice. I trust you at least have a few healing potions prepared for the day when you drop the acid on your person?”
Erin glared at him.
“I’m not going to be the one carrying jars of acid around. Too dangerous. I’ll make that guy do it instead.”
Erin pointed at the skeleton who had just returned with another basket of blue fruit. She gestured to the kitchen and it speedily walked inside.
Pisces stared at the skeleton incredulously.
“Are you—making it gather fruits? And you want to make it clean your outhouse? You do realize it is here for your protection, do you not?”
“Sure, sure. But it’s more useful helping out around the inn.”
Pisces scowled at Erin as she swept around with a refill of blue juice.
“That is a warrior skeleton, designed for combat.”
She glared back and filled his glass up with water.
“It’s weaker than I am! I punched it this morning and its head came clean off!”
Pisces turned red and gave Erin what she recognized as his prelude-to-sulking expression.
“My creation is a work of art, but it must grow to its full potential first. It is not meant to be used for menial labor.”
Erin rolled her eyes.
