1.33
Page 3
The skeleton fought to run at the crab. Erin ordered it to stay still.
“Don’t try to fight that thing! It’ll eat you. Or—snap you in two like a bunch of twigs.”
Reluctantly, the skeleton subsided. It stared hard at the Rock Crab which ignored both Erin and the skeleton as it wandered off. When it had disappeared over a hill Erin let the skeleton go.
“Don’t be stupid. Come on and follow me.”
The skeleton walked after Erin. Eventually, they came to the blue fruit orchard. Erin showed the skeleton how to gather fruits.
“See the basket? Fill the basket.”
So saying, Erin handed the skeleton her basket and sat down. Instantly, the skeleton began running around the orchard, gathering up fallen fruit and kicking trees to make the fruit fall. Erin sat under a tree and took a quick nap.
 
—-
 
Having a skeleton was quite useful. In a few minutes the skeleton had filled Erin’s basket to overflowing. It carefully walked back to Erin, trying not to spill the ripe fruits.
Erin didn’t react as the skeleton approached. She was sleeping. The skeleton hesitated, and then placed the basket at her feet. It stood and waited, but she slept on. She was truly asleep.
The skeleton hesitated. It seemed to be thinking. At last, it turned and began scanning the landscape around Erin. Was it checking for threats? Erin couldn’t tell.
One of her eyelids had been cracked open ever so slightly as the skeleton approached. Now that it was looking the other way, Erin sighed inaudibly and sat up. Well, at least the skeleton wasn’t going to try killing her in her sleep. She’d had a terrible night last night worrying the same thing. But Pisces seemed to have done an okay job on the skeleton. Still, she’d keep an eye on it.
It was useful, but she still didn’t quite trust it.
Erin clapped her hands together. The skeleton whirled around, and then relaxed when it saw only Erin.
“Okay, good job. Let’s go back to the inn.”
 
—-
 
Erin showed the skeleton where to place the basket of blue fruits and then stretched.
“Alright. Chores are mostly done. Now what?”
The skeleton stared at Erin. It certainly wasn’t going to come up with ideas on its own.
“I could go to the city.”
Erin mused, eying the skeleton. She really didn’t want to leave it alone just yet, but there was a lot more to do in Liscor than here. She was wondering if she could give the skeleton a simple task – like gathering acid flies from the traps – when she heard the door open.
She and the skeleton looked around. Erin saw Pawn and two Workers step through the doorway. She smiled and waved at them. The skeleton had a different reaction. It opened its jaw and the twin flames in its skull flared.
“——!”
The skeleton charged Pawn and the two Antinium with a wordless rattling whisper-shout. It was a sound that sounded like someone sighing, only far louder.
Pawn and the two Workers froze, uncertain. They backed into one another but they were too big to slip out the door. The skeleton leapt at them—
“Hey!”
Erin’s fist caught the skeleton in the head and knocked the skull clean off the rest of the body. Pawn and the Workers stopped. The skeleton flailed around wildly. Then it stopped.
Its head had rolled beneath a table. The skeleton’s main body seemed to know where it was. Erin watched as it blundered over to its head, knocking over chairs and running into tables.
The skeleton picked up its head and placed it back on its neck. The lights reappeared in its eyes and it stared at Erin.
“Bad!”
Erin didn’t know why she was talking to the skeleton like it was a dog. She pointed at it.
“You do not attack them. Got it?”
