1.33
Page 12
The thief ducked out of sight in the alleyway, but Gazi’s eye wasn’t weak enough to be stopped by mere objects like walls at close range. Her large eye moved, and she saw not only the thief’s figure, but her name and nature. Such was the power of Gazi’s eye.
But in this case, Gazi was disappointed. She shook her head.
“Ah. Just a [Princess].”
She turned her eye away. She had no time for human royalty. Petty lords and princesses of small nations could not arouse her ruler’s interest.
Gazi cast her eye upwards. She saw the changing winds and miles overhead, saw the cold front sweeping in at speeds even her eye had trouble tracking. Yes, winter was coming. And quickly too. This land had few seasons save for the rainy one, but the fell chill would still freeze the land for a week at least. Time then, to wait and observe both humans.
“Yes, time.”
The adventurers had been a stroke of good luck. Their foolishness had given Gazi plenty of insight into Erin’s nature. She would ensure no reprisals came—at least in the form of a mob—but she would continue watching Erin Solstice.
She wanted to know everything about her.
 
—-
 
Erin sat in her inn, staring at the recently cleaned room. Half of the tables and chairs were now fireplace fuel, but at least the spilled food and broken dishes had been cleaned up. She’d buy new ones from Krshia tomorrow.
Everyone was gone. They’d limped off, or walked back to the city, or in Pisces’s case, done his disappearing act. They were gone, and Erin was left alone.
With the skeleton, of course.
It was fully repaired and sweeping up dust. Erin stared at it as it worked. It paused as it glanced up and saw her staring.
“Yeah. You don’t like it either, huh?”
After a moment the skeleton got back to work. It stood up, dustpan in hand and walked outside to dump the dust. Then it came back in and stood to attention, staring at Erin.
She sighed. The skeleton looked at her expectantly.
“Skeletons. You know, I hated biology class in school. The skeleton there creeped me out, and it didn’t move around all the time.”
No response. Well, Erin was getting used to that.
“I don’t like dead things. And I don’t really trust you.”
The light in the skeleton’s eyes dimmed for a second. Erin sighed again.
“But. I guess you’re alright.”
The flickering sparks in the skeleton’s eyes ignited. Erin nodded to herself.
“I’ll keep you after all. You’re useful, and you can fight. Sorta. Just don’t do anything stupid, got it?”
After a beat the skeleton nodded obediently.
“Cool. Now I guess—I guess you’ll need a name?”
No response. But the skeleton seemed expectant. Erin scratched her head. She really needed to sleep, but this was important.
“What would be a good name for skeleton. Papyrus…? Nah. You’re not nearly cool enough for that.”
The skeleton didn’t react. Erin tilted her head, thinking hard. She snapped her fingers.
“I guess I’ll just call you Clatter. No—Claptrap! But even you’re not half as annoying as that…thing.”
Erin scratched at her head as she began pacing around the room. The skeleton’s fiery blue eyes followed her around the room as she began throwing names out at random.
“Mr. Bones? Way too generic. How about Carnage? But that sounds horrible. Silent Steve…? No. Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen? Too long.”
After a while the skeleton turned around and walked upstairs. It began cleaning a decade’s worth of accumulated filth from the ceiling as it heard Erin still talking to herself down below.
“How about Napoleon? But you’re not short. Skeletron? But I’d get confused. Paul Hendrickson the Fifth? Whitey? Wait, is that racist?”
