1.34
Page 9
Still, all of the articles she’d ever read about e.coli and raw meat came back to Erin as she popped the bit of meat into her mouth and chewed.
“Hm? Hm~. Mm!”
It was actually quite good. Erin was surprised. She’d expected the meat to taste like bacon, but it was a fuller, richer experience. Nice and fatty without the actual fat. Immediately she picked up another cube of meat and chewed it down. She also resolved never to ask what kind of meat it was.
“Ah, you like the scurry-food? It is good.”
Krshia sat with a sigh on the chair opposite Erin. It was a nice chair, too, wonderfully padded if a little worn and far too big for Erin.
The apartments of a Gnoll were different from that of a Drake like Selys. Open space was clearly important in both homes – or maybe it was just the architecture, but Krshia’s home had far more rugs, padded furniture, and pillows in general. It was also in a state of slightly less-than-stellar cleaning.
Really, it wasn’t bad. But Erin had a definite sense that the standards of cleanliness differed between Drakes and Gnolls. Then again, Krshia’s actual shop was clean of any stray hair, dirt or stains so maybe it was just the difference between work and home.
“How are you doing, Krshia?”
Erin delicately sipped at her tea and stuffed her face. Krshia tossed down the meat in her bowl and chewed quickly.
“Mm. I am well, thank you for asking. And I am relieved to speak with you at last. Many people and many things have gotten in the way of our speaking, yes? But it is important we should speak. So I have decided.”
Erin blinked. Somehow, Krshia seemed a bit more intense than usual. She sighed. Another thing to be worried about.
“Sure. What’s up?”
Krshia blinked her great, brown eyes at Erin. She peered at the small human and frowned.
“You seem dispirited. Is something wrong?”
“Oh, it’s nothing.”
“Mm. This is another polite Human lie, yes?”
“Yeah, but really, it’s nothing.”
Krshia stared at Erin. It was odd. She really had no whites in her eyes. It was just pupil, and then brown cornea. It should have been disturbing, but Erin had grown used to it.
She sighed. Krshia waited patiently as Erin picked at another piece of meat and then put it back in her bowl.
“I found out I’m not a mage, that’s all. I can’t cast magic and I won’t ever be able to.”
She sighed again. Krshia took long drink of her scalding tea.
“Ah. And who is doing the telling of this?”
“Pisces.”
“Bah.”
“He wasn’t mean about it. He did a test—it looks like I’m just one of the humans who can’t cast magic, that’s all. It’s not his fault or anything.”
Krshia shook her head. Bits of hair drifted onto her carpet.
“That is not what I meant. He tells you that you are no mage. It is not for him to decide, yes?”
Erin blinked.
“But there was a test. I can’t cast magic, Krshia.”
The female Gnoll shrugged.
“If you were born a Gnoll, this would not be an issue, yes? Human magic is different from ours. We give magic to those who are chosen. A shaman for each tribe is chosen, and they wield the magic of the pack. We choose who can cast magic, not a single person.”
“Oh, tribal magic. Yeah, Pisces told me about it. But I wasn’t born a Gnoll.”
Krshia raised one eyebrow.
“Yes, and so you are told you can never become a mage because one tells you so. It is regrettable, yes?”
Erin didn’t have anything to say to that. She stared down into her tea.
Krshia clicked her tongue.
“Enough sadness. This is not why I have called you here. Leave magic for [Mages], Erin. It is not important as they think. People are important. The pack is important. Friendships and ties are important.”
