1.34
Page 4
Erin didn’t know why, but she felt a bit of a pang in her heart as she heard that. As if something had been lost before she’d even discovered it. She raised her hand again.
“So there aren’t any miracles anymore? I thought there were a few [Healers] in Liscor. What about them?”
“Ah, well. [Healers] are now simply general practitioners of restorative arts, some of whom are able to cast spells. Many rely on potions or even simple bandages rather than miracles. The definition of the class has changed, and accordingly, so have the skills and spells learnt. It was quite a fascinating phenomenon, actually. I studied it in a course back in Wistram—”
Pisces shook his head.
“But I haven’t time to get into the variation in classes over centuries. Where was I? Oh, of course. Magic. Let us not forget what we are here to learn. Very well, I assume you understand a bit of what magic is. Now to test you.”
Pisces raised his hands and suddenly advanced on Rags and Erin. Their chairs scooted back and he stopped, looking peeved.
“It is not a dangerous process. I simply wish to ascertain whether or not either of you can become mages. I will test you in the traditional style. Do not move and I will saturate the area around you with raw mana and allow you to demonstrate your magical ability—or lack thereof.”
 
—-
 
Ryoka eyed Ceria.
“Will it hurt?”
The half-Elf looked up as she fiddled with her wand.
“Oh, of course not. It’s just a test, that’s all. This is how I was taught as a child. I know Humans do it differently, but it should work for you.”
She raised her wand and the tip of it glowed silvery-white. Ceria smiled to soothe Ryoka’s apprehension.
“Just watch. I’m going to draw a symbol in the air. I want you to look at it and tell me what you see. Don’t worry; there’s no time limit. And if your eyes start to hurt you can look away.”
Slowly, Ceria began to move her wand through the air, leaving a glowing afterimage that hovered and shimmered in Ryoka’s vision. Ceria’s wand moved and flicked, tracing a pattern that looked like a bunch of squiggles and straight lines put together randomly.
But—it wasn’t just a two dimensional pattern. Ryoka blinked and rubbed at her eyes. Somehow, Ceria’s wand had begun tracing the image in three dimensions. And then the image shifted again and the rune—or was it a word?—in the air took on more dimensions than could be captured by a camera.
Ryoka thought she heard the magical word being drawn in the air. Or she felt it. And when Ceria put down her wand, the glowing white symbol burned Ryoka’s vision.
“Just relax. Look at it only as long as you’re comfortable. If you can’t understand it, that’s fine.”
Ceria’s voice came from behind the cloud of shimmering lines. Ryoka opened her eyes and forced herself to focus on the lines.
It was so hard to understand.
 
—-
 
“I don’t get it.”
Erin complained to Pisces as she held her hands out. The mage grunted. He was holding his hands out, palms towards Erin and Rags. Sweat beaded on his forehead, but nothing seemed to be happening.
“I—am infusing the air around you with my mana. It will allow you to cast spells if you have the potential.”
“But how? You never said?”
A vein stood out on Pisces’ sweaty brow. He grunted.
“Just think of something.”
“Like what?”
“Anything! Whatever you wish! Fire, water, a shiny new pot. Will the magic to obey your command!”
—-
“Relax. Don’t stare at it so hard. Let it be.”
