1.34
Page 11
How did you describe a world without magic and levels to someone who didn’t even exist in your world? For that matter, how would you describe a world a thousand years more advanced? Erin scratched at her head and did her best.
“Well—we’ve got a lot more technology. And less magic. No magic, actually. And we don’t have Levels or Classes or Skills, but we do have a lot more humans. Actually we have only humans. There aren’t any Gnolls or Drakes or any monsters where I come from. And—are you okay, Krshia?”
The Gnoll’s eyes were bugging out in her head. It was such an alarming change from the Gnoll’s usually half-lidded stare that Erin was worried.
“Take no mind of me.”
Krshia drained her cup, and dragged a large and dented tea pot. She refilled her cup with furry hands that shook and offered Erin a refill. The human politely waved the tea away.
“You say this is a world full of humans? That is strange, yes? Are there no other creatures?”
Erin nodded and hastily amended her sentence.
“Oh tons of creatures. Lots of animals. Dogs, cats, penguins, cows…but just no people like—like you. People who think and speak is what I mean.”
“I…see…”
Krshia’s head was throbbing. The Gnoll would have loved nothing better than to sit in a corner and bang her head against a wall just imagining what Erin was saying. Better yet, she would have loved to overturn the table and call Erin a tail-biting liar. But [Spot Deception] was a [Merchant] and a [Shopkeeper]’s skill, and if it wasn’t as good as [Detect Guilt] or [Sense Intentions], it was still more than a match for a large falsehood. What Erin was saying was true.
“These Humans. You Humans.”
Krshia stumbled over her tongue and tried to speak casually.
“How many of them are there? How many nations? Is it a small world?”
“Sorta? It feels small sometimes. I know overpopulation is an issue.”
Erin rolled her eyes upwards as she thought.
“Um, is it six or seven? Or eight? I think we’re supposed to have around eight about now.”
“Eight what? Eight countries?”
“No, eight billion humans.”
Krshia looked blank.
“I do not know this word. Erin, what is a ‘billion’? It is a counting number, yes?”
“Yeah. Do you know um, million?”
The Gnoll’s brows scrunched together.
“It is a word I heard with Goblins. A million is a large number. Larger than mountains. A thousand thousands, yes?”
“…Yes? I think so. Wait…let me do the math.”
Erin tried to imagine how many zeros were in a million.
“Yeah. That’s about right.”
“Mm. Then is a billion two millions?”
“Oh, no.”
Erin laughed at Krshia’s confusion. She didn’t notice the Gnoll’s hand trembling on her cup.
“A billion is a thousand millions. So that’d be a thousand thousand thousands. What a tongue twister. It’d be…a hundred thousand ten thousand times. Does that make sense?”
Erin looked at Krshia. The Gnoll was sitting very still in her chair.
“Krshia?”
Gnolls didn’t have any visible skin, just fur. But her ears were standing straight up on her head. Between the slats in her chair, Erin could see the Gnoll’s tail was fully erect as well.
Without a word, and without a single hint of warning, the Gnoll suddenly tipped forwards in her chair in a dead faint. Erin yelped and dove just in time as Krshia crashed into her table, shattering porcelain and upending the kettle of tea.
“Krshia, what’s wrong?”
Erin bent over the unconscious Gnoll and with great effort tilted her upright. The shards of broken pottery hadn’t even cut the Gnoll through her fur, but Krshia was still unconscious. Only the—well, the blacks of Krshia’s eyes were showing.
