1.34
Page 2
“[Mages] in general? Pah. Anyone can obtain the class, or variations thereof, but they often stagnate and seldom reach Level 20. Indeed, the lack of centralized education between nations has given rise to lesser variations upon the basic [Mage] class. [Hedge Wizards], [Witch Doctors], [Witches] in general, the dubiously qualified [Spellswords], [Druids]…well I suppose [Druids] are an exception to the rule, and of course let us reserve most of our disdain for the so-called [Sorcerer]…”
At some point Pisces realized he was losing his audience and stopped. Erin was furiously writing down class names while Rags cleared one ear with her pinkie finger. He paused reluctantly.
“Well, even those types of spell casters are unique. Chosen. They are still capable of casting spells, which is more than can be said for a majority of humanity.”
 
—-
 
Ceria sighed and shook her head sadly.
“Not all Humans have the potential to become [Mages]. It’s a matter of talent as well as your body’s innate magical potential.”
Ryoka’s ears metaphorically perked up at that last statement. She frowned at Ceria.
“‘Not all humans?’ Does that mean that other races have greater or lesser potential to become mages? How about your kind?”
 
—-
 
Pisces looked disgruntled at Erin’s question. He folded his arms and scowled.
“I assume you mean half-Elves. Yes, their affinity towards spellcasting is far greater than our own. However, a speciesist advantage does not translate into individual ability. Nor does that mean the greatest mages are always nonhuman. In fact, some of the most famous archmages of this era are human. And exceptions are born in races not normally thought to be magically proficient. Minotaurs, for example have barely any potential, but some have achieved 2nd Tier magics.”
Erin tried to imagine Minotaurs, but just came up with those ancient Greek pictures of bull-headed monsters with human bodies. She had a hard time imagining one of those things muttering spells or reading a book.
Pisces scowled and Erin stopped grinning.
“Okay, sure. Not all humans are mages. Some of us are Muggles. Got it?”
“Muggles?”
“Uh—how about Goblins?”
Pisces sniffed.
“I have never heard of any Goblin whose abilities matched that of a proper mage. Their innate capabilities are likely too low to support the strain of spellcasting. Their race as a whole can barely snuff out a candle, let alone magically.”
Both Rags and Erin sat upright in indignation. Erin opened her mouth, but Rags stuck her finger up first.
Since it wasn’t her middle finger, but rather her index both Pisces and Erin stared at it curiously. Rags muttered a few words in her own language and then glared at her fingertip.
Nothing happened. Erin exchanged a glance with Pisces and then a spark of light made her blink. She looked at Rags’ finger and gasped. A tiny flame danced on her fingertip. Erin stared at it, and then at Rags.
“You can do magic?”
Pisces shook his head. He blew and the flame on Rags’ finger went out. She narrowed her eyes but he wasn’t impressed by her magic or her stare.
“Tribal magic. Feh.”
“Wait a second.”
Erin was extremely confused and said so.
“Isn’t that magic? Why’d you call it tribal magic?”
Pisces rubbed at his temple.
“I should really ban questions. Well, to summarize a complex issue, the magic your little friend used is not true magic. Or at least, not the magic practiced by [Mages]. It is an amalgamate of mana drawn from her tribe, such as it is.”
Erin stared blankly at Pisces.
“What?”
He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose.
