1.34
Page 10
She reached out and tapped Erin gently on the chest. It was still a heavy tap, but it made Erin feel better.
“Okay, sure. What did you want to talk to me about so much, Krshia?”
The Gnoll paused and seemed to choose her words.
“I have been thinking much since I watched you play your game of chess. Against the Antinium named Pawn. Many things you said I heard and wondered at.”
Erin looked blank.
“Like what? You mean the chess? Don’t worry, no one gets that.”
For a second she could have sworn Krshia was eying her to see if Erin was laughing. But then the Gnoll briskly shook her head again.
“No. It is what you said. You come from another world. I heard you speak of it and wondered at the miracle.”
Erin’s face was completely blank. Then her eyes widened.
“I said that?”
Krshia nodded gravely. Her eyes were fixated on Erin’s face.
The human didn’t seem to know to react. A brief moment of chagrin was replaced by some head scratching. After a few seconds Erin looked up and shrugged.
“Oh, um, yeah. I’m from another world. Sorry I didn’t tell you earlier.”
Krshia stared. Possibly it was the blasé way Erin said it, without regard to the way it made the Gnoll’s heart skip and jump. Oblivious, Erin continued.
“I come from a place called Michigan. It’s pretty nice there. Lots of big lakes, wonderful weather—except when it snows or rains really hard, of course. I lived in a nice house, with my folks—”
She paused. For a second Erin stared down into her cup and then continued as if nothing had happened.
“Um, one day I found myself here. I just turned a corner and blam.”
“Blam?”
“I found myself staring at this big lizard. With wings. A dragon.”
“A Dragon?”
“Yeah. It breathed fire at me, and I ran. Then there were some goblins…and then I found the inn. After that, it was all survival until I met Klbkch and Relc and then—you know the rest.”
Again, there was something off-putting about the way Erin said everything so easily. Krshia had to shake her head several times and take a few more gulps of tea to steady her nerves.
“You survived much.”
“I guess.”
Erin shrugged. It didn’t feel like a lot. It felt like a lifetime, actually, but through it all she’d just kept moving, kept trying to survive. And really, what had she done? Repaired a few doors, swept some dust out, leveled up as an [Innkeeper] a bit…and gotten a friend killed.
Not much at all.
“I ask this in confidence, yes? I promise by my tribe and by the open sky and earth that I would never betray your trust or secrets given. But I must ask, and my kin must know. This land you come from—it is not like this one, no?”
Erin paused and blinked at Krshia. It sounded like a serious oath, but what did Krshia say about her kin?
“Your mean you’re going to tell…other Gnolls?”
“Mm. Yes. This is true. And these Gnolls shall tell others if need be. But it is a promise, yes? Your secret shall not be spoken to any not of Gnollkind. That is what I meant. By our gravest oath we will keep your secrets.”
A promise by an entire species to keep silent. Erin would have laughed, but she felt that might actually result in violence. Krshia looked serious, and Erin thought the Gnoll was serious.
And—what did Erin have to lose? Besides her life? So she shrugged.
“My world? It’s not like this one. Not at all. It’s so different I can’t even explain how strange it is to be here.”
“Mm. How so? Eat, drink. But tell me. I am very curious.”
