1.34
Page 0

Erin sat with Rags and stared at a mage in her inn. Scattered around the trio was a mess of empty dishes, remnants of a large breakfast.
Ryoka sat in a small room in the Adventurer’s Guild in Esthelm and waited as the half-Elven mage got ready in front of her.
They were separated by many miles in distance, but the two young women had both asked the same question. One had woken up and bribed her mage with food and invited a Goblin to learn. The other had run through the night and arrived tired and sweaty to knock on the other mage’s door and ask to be taught.
The mages were different as well. One was a partly-human girl who appeared only slightly older than Ryoka, but whose appearance hinted at something timeless, and whose beauty attracted the eye. But these were only hints, and her beauty was as much due to her heritage as her physical appearance. Yet for all that, she was a rare sight in any nation; a half-Elven mage named Ceria.
The other mage was Pisces. His gray and dirty robes were as always stained by grass, weather, and the dark places where he roamed. He still had spilled egg on one sleeve of his robes.
Different mages, different seekers, and different locations. But the questions asked and answered were mostly the same. Because the nature of the questions revolved around magic, and both mages had studied together, once.
 
—-
 
At last, Pisces finished the bit of toasted bread and cheese and flicked the last crumbs onto the floor. Erin glared, but he was as always unimpressed by her ire. He sighed, and then looked at Erin and the Goblin sitting next to her.
“If we are to do this, must we include the Goblin?”
Erin’s glare transitioned into a scowl.
“Her name is Rags.”
Pisces raised his eyebrows.
“That is the name you gave her, certainly. Her Goblin name may be unpronounceable to you and I, but I suspect she objects to your pet name as much as I do.”
“It’s better than calling her ‘Goblin’. Besides, she doesn’t mind it. Right, Rags?”
Erin glanced sideways quickly. Rags didn’t exactly avoid her gaze as she stared pointedly at Pisces.
“Ahem. Names aside, why is she here? You asked me to teach you magic.”
“Right, and I thought she’d like to learn too.”
Rags nodded. Pisces sighed and rubbed at his face.
“It is just—may I state my objections now? Magic is not a game or a ‘trick’. I took your request seriously in no small way because I believed you had a genuine desire to learn. Well, the Goblin might wish for the same but this is no trivial matter. Will you promise to take this seriously?”
“As serious as pie.”
Erin smiled as Pisces glared at her. Then she yelped as Rags jabbed Erin in the side with one cracked fingernail. The girl glared at the small Goblin. The Goblin glared back.
“Fine, fine. I am taking this seriously, Pisces. And I do want to know. So teach me? Please?”
Pisces hesitated.
 
—-
 
“Of course I could teach you, Ryoka. And I’d be happy to help – but I have to ask, what brought this on?”
Ceria bustled around the small room she’d rented in the Adventurer’s Guild, hunting for her wand among her strewn-about possessions.
“You ran through the night to get here? And dodged an…[Assassin]? I really can’t believe that one, but you described him perfectly.”
