1.34
Page 7
She picked up her wand and tapped it on her palm. Instantly—far quicker than Ryoka’s own spell had taken, another shimmering orb of light rose from Ceria’s palm. But her light was different. When she held the orb next to Ryoka’s the colors changed and deepened in ways Ryoka’s did not.
They were the same colors as the ones flashing through Ryoka’s orb of light, but somehow they were more real. The blue that illuminated the small room wasn’t more vivid or in any way brighter, but it felt deeper, subtler, to Ryoka’s eyes. It was a more complete understanding of what ‘blue’ was, and it made her digital colors pale by comparison.
“Wow.”
As Ryoka stared, the lights in her orb began to shift, matching those of Ceria’s. She stared at the orb and then concentrated.
The ball of light shifted from white light suddenly, and then shifted to a dark ultraviolet that made Ceria jump in surprise. Black light. Ryoka blinked. Suddenly the orb was a rainbow spectrum of colors, a dancing discoball of shifting colors—
All at once the magic ran out. The light vanished, and Ryoka sat back in her chair. She felt light-headed all of a sudden, as if the blood had suddenly rushed to her head. Weakly she tried to sit back up but Ceria pushed her down gently.
“Hold on, hold on Ryoka! That was incredible! I don’t think I’ve ever seen someone do that with a basic [Light] spell before—let alone figure out how to change a spell so quickly! You just used up all the mana in your body. You’ll be tired until you recover. Here—sit there and I’ll get you something to eat and drink. That helps.”
Ceria dashed out of the room. Ryoka stared at her hands. She smiled.
 
—-
 
The last bead of sweat dropped from Pisces’s chin. He gasped, and raised his hands.
“I’m almost drained. I’m sorry. I can’t keep going.”
Erin still stared at her fingertips. If she could just force something to happen. It would only take a second, she knew. One second of realization and she’d be able to figure it out again. She tried and tried but—
Pisces raised the glass of water Rags brought him and tossed it down, heedless of hygiene. He hesitated, and then gently patted Erin on the shoulder.
“There’s no more magic left in the air. It’s all dissipated, Erin.”
“Oh.”
Erin stared at her hands. They were still the same hands, but they were somehow smaller, less important. They were good hands, callused from working but unscarred. But they were just hands. Normal.
Pisces cleared his throat. He avoided Erin’s gaze.
“I’m ah, sorry, Miss Solstice.”
“No, it’s okay. I knew magic wasn’t for everyone. And Rags could do it, right?”
Erin smiled at Rags. The Goblin looked up. Somehow, she had found the time to grab some sausage and cheese from Erin’s kitchen. She guiltily hid both behind her back.
“Eat up. I bet you’re hungry. And you—”
Pisces blinked, but Erin was already out of her seat. She bustled out of the kitchen with blue juice and food in hand and spread it out before him.
“Here. Lunch and dinner’s on the house.”
“You are—most kind. Thank you.”
He began tearing into the food as if he were famished. And he probably was. Erin looked out the window and saw the sun was now beginning to set rather than rise in the sky. It had taken that long?
Pisces gulped and slurped down his food while Rags did the same. They both seemed starved – probably from the magic. Erin stared blankly at them and then sat down.
“So, what next?”
The human stopped and eyed Erin warily. Rags kept on shoveling.
“What ah, do you mean—”
“I mean about her. Not me.”
Erin pointed at Rags. The Goblin looked up.
