1.34
Page 5
Ryoka tried to obey. She really did. But the magical word was like an unsolved problem burning in her mind. She wanted to stare at it, to figure out what it meant, and the harder she stared the more confused her brain became.
It was like a math problem. A hard one, way harder than the AP Calculus class Ryoka had taken back in high school.
Yes—exactly like a math problem. Ryoka blinked. Suddenly, part of the symbol made sense. There were…facets to it that resembled a mathematical equation. Things to be balanced. You couldn’t take magic and use it without repercussions. Cost and exchange.
The Law of Conservation of Energy. Only energy could be destroyed with magic. Yet it was from magic that the cost was taken, and so the law remained more or less intact. But magic was not based in science. What was destroyed could be more or less than what was gained. Magic was. But it obeyed certain rules, like osmosis. It flowed. And it flowed around the world.
Ryoka put her head in her hands and tried to stop thinking. But the word was burning her from the inside out. She was on the cusp of it, and it spoke to her. It was a word. But was there even a name for it in her limited language?
Ceria folded her hands on her lap and smiled slightly as she watched Ryoka.
 
—-
 
Pisces hissed and his face scrunched up with concentration. He was already reddening, but neither Goblin nor Human was doing anything.
Erin focused. She really did. She tried thinking of a flame like the one Rags had conjured, but she just ended up thinking of lighters and matches. She tried muttering words.
“Expelliarmus. Alohamora. Wingardium Leviosa. Wingardium leviosa.”
“What are you muttering?”
“Nothing.”
It wasn’t working. Erin couldn’t feel anything, except a mild ache in her arms from holding them up for so long. She gritted her teeth. She could do this. She closed her eyes and pushed—
 
A flame burst upwards and evaporated into a cloud of smoke. Erin gasped and grinned in relief and triumph—
 
Rags blinked at her finger and then pointed again. Pisces yelped as a flare of fire burst from her fingertip and twisted towards him. It evaporated into smoke before it reached his robes and set him off into a coughing fit.
“Oh. More tribal magic?”
The mage shook his head and coughed, waving away the smoke. But he didn’t seem angry. Instead, he stared at Rags for a few seconds before replying very slowly.
“That was no tribal magic. That was the very beginning of the [Firefly] spell.”
“Really?”
Encouraged, Erin stretched her fingers out and tried as hard as she could to do the same thing. But Pisces wasn’t staring at her. His attention was fixed on the proud Goblin. He put one hand on his chin and started muttering to himself.
“Goblins cannot learn magic in the traditional sense. It is impossible. Surely if they had the potential it would have been discovered, analyzed in centuries hence. The potential ramifications—or is it simple freak divergence? Ancestry?”
He whirled and pointed at Rags, who leaned back.
“You. Goblin child. Was your mother non-Goblin? Or…your father?”
It shook its head.
“What would that matter?”
Erin snapped at Pisces. He jumped and she glared at his hands. He put them back over hers and talked while he focused again.
“It would explain things. The offspring of Goblins are always Goblins regardless of the partner, male or female. But sometimes Goblins may inherit traits from their…parents. The ah, victim might play a part in explaining unusual talents. But if this young Goblin—Rags has no immediate non-Goblin ancestors it would mean—”
“She can be a mage. I get it.”
