1.34
Page 1
Ryoka perched on the rickety chair and watched as Ceria’s light hazelnut hair caught the sunlight. For all she’d hung out with Ceria before, the half-Elf truly was different in the unearthly feeling she gave off. Ryoka tried not to stare too openly most of the time, but Ceria was too distracted lifting up her mattress and checking under her pillow to notice Ryoka’s scrutiny.
The barefoot girl tried not to yawn as she thought of a response. At least she wasn’t still sweaty. The Adventurer’s Guild might not have showers, but they did have washbasins and a handy well.
“It’s just something that really interests me. And defending myself is part of it, but I just want to learn about magic. It was not…widely practiced where I come from.”
“Fair enough. Just please don’t be disappointed if you don’t start casting [Fireballs] left and right, okay? Most Humans I’ve tried to teach, well, they’re quite impatient. And it’s not as if having a half-Elf teacher makes learning magic any easier.”
“Perish the thought.”
At last Ceria found what she was looking for. She pulled a wand from where it had rolled behind her travel bags. She placed it on the side table next to Ryoka and pulled up a chair so they were facing each other.
“Very well, how should I start? I suppose it would be important to learn how much you know of magic.”
Ryoka spread her hands out wordlessly. Ceria shook her head and smiled.
“That simplifies things. Well then, I guess I’ll tell you what magic is.”
 
—-
 
Pisces stood up from his chair. Once he’d actually agreed to teach Erin, his demeanor changed. He cleared the floor around him and began pacing back and forth. He spoke like one of Erin’s old high school teachers – the fussy, pedantic ones.
“Magic is an art. It is something only the most gifted and dedicated may aspire to. Those who have true mastery of spellcraft create works of beauty and wonder with each incantation.”
 
—-
 
Ceria shrugged and touched the tip of her wand gently. It gave off a few violet sparks which faded as they drifted to the floor.
“I don’t know what magic is, exactly. It is a mystery, but I can tell you it is in the air we breathe, in each step we take and the beating of our hearts. It’s an amazing thing, but it is dangerous. Terribly so, and Humans have long overestimated their control of it.”
 
—-
 
Pisces pointed at Erin and Rags. He met their gazes seriously.
“Never underestimate magic. Never take it lightly. Even in practice, even when you believe you have mastered a spell to its utmost. Unlike wielding a hammer or a sewing needle, magic is quite capable of slaying an incautious practitioner outright.”
 
—-
 
Ceria sighed. Her eyes unfocused for a moment and she stared through Ryoka.
“Once, everyone used to know magic – or so my grandfather told me. It was as simple as breathing even for children, and all half-Elves learned Tier 2 magic before they’d reached their teenage years. But in Human cities and other nations, students study under older mages or travel to schools like Wistram Academy.”
“True [Mages] are rare. Those accredited by Wistram Academy or similar institutions of magic are even rarer.”
 
—-
 
Pisces smiled smugly to let both members of his audience know he was rarest of them all. He waved his hand dismissively as he went on.
