1.34
Page 3
“Allow me to explain another way. Magic surrounds us. It is in everything, but an individual’s capacity for magic varies. And the same goes for our surroundings. Thus, in a highly magically charged environment spells are naturally easy to cast. In a null zone, a [Mage] must rely solely on his or her own internal magical energy to cast spells.”
“Right. I got that.”
Pisces nodded. He pointed at Rags who leaned out of the way of his finger.
“Goblins on the other hand practice a different form of magic. They draw their mana not only from the environment, but from each other. Thus a single Goblin may use the mana of the entire tribe it is affiliated with to cast spells.”
Erin snapped her fingers and Rags jumped. The Goblin stared suspiciously at Erin’s hand and immediately tried to duplicate the gesture.
“Oh, I get it. You’re crowd-sourcing magic.”
Pisces blinked at Erin, and then decided to ignore her strange comments and Rags’ attempts to learn to snap her own fingers.
“Yes, well, it is a crude thing. But I suppose it is powerful enough in its own way, as it allows even Goblin tribes one or two spellcasters of their own. These ah, ‘shamans’ draw power from the collective. The larger their group is, the more power they wield. Thus, while the Goblins in the area most likely cannot collectively create more than a few sparks, a larger tribe of a thousand souls would create a decently powerful [Shaman]. But it is inefficient.”
Pisces shook his head.
“A thousand people and only one caster? A ridiculous waste.”
“Hey, if it works…”
He sniffed.
“It isn’t proper magic, that’s all. True, these [Shamans] may copy many magic spells, but they are born out of a collective will and lack structure and form. Such spells belong more to the ancient breed of Miracles than to proper Magecraft.”
Erin’s head was beginning to hurt. She raised a hand as if she were in class.
“Wait a minute. Miracles?”
Another sigh. Rags stopped snapping her fingers and sat up to listen.
“An older, extinct form of magic. Well, I say magic but it was ever unclear whether Miracles were magic or…something else. You may think of them as a form of prayer brought into existence. Such as—well, wishing for a friend to be healed. A miracle would close his wounds and restore his essence through such faith.”
Erin blinked. That sounded…that sounded like an actual miracle, straight out of the bible passages she vaguely remembered from her time at church as a kid.
“Hold on, you mean there’s a way to do stuff like walk on water and part the seas? Why doesn’t everyone do that?”
Pisces blinked at Erin and gave her a look she was starting recognize. It was the ‘you really don’t get it?’ look Selys used every so often on her.
“Perhaps because miracles were a function of faith and belief in gods. And the gods no longer exist. Ergo, miracles have likewise ended.”
Erin opened her mouth and then silently closed it to digest what she’d just heard. Pisces went on, oblivious.
“But you are correct. Once upon a time, miracles matched magic in its capacity to warp the world. It was said a [Cleric] in their earliest levels could do what an [Archmage] could not.”
He paused, and closed his eyes. Pisces seemed to recite something from memory.
“‘By faith and faith alone do they warp the bounds of reality. Their desire and belief creates Gods and bridges the gap between impossibility and truth. Though blade and spell may take their lives, their inviolate will shall move this world.’”
He shook his head.
“So much for that. The gods are dead. So too are the ancient ways of faith and miracle.”
