1.34
Page 6
Erin scowled at her hands. She willed them to catch fire.
“Don’t stop. It’s my turn now. The test isn’t over yet, right? I can still continue?”
Pisces hesitated. Something in his face softened as he looked at Erin.
“…By all means. Keep on trying.”
She ignored the look in his eyes and the way Rags looked at him. Erin stared at her hands. She would cast magic. She could. She would cast magic. She would—
 
—-
 
Ryoka tried not to scream as she stared at the word and the magic stared back. It was inescapable, even when she closed her eyes. The word was the beginning, and the word was magic and magic was with her and the magic was made into reality—
 
It seared Ryoka’s mind like wildfire. The knowledge burned through her assumptions and all she’d been taught all her life, breaking down walls in her head she’d never known were there. The agony of it was unbearable.
Ceria was shaking her, trying to get Ryoka to move. She was telling Ryoka this shouldn’t be happening, trying to erase the magic word. But it was ingrained in Ryoka’s soul. It was a bit of truth, and it was something to cling to even as the rest of the world fell to pieces.
Ryoka opened her eyes. The magic surged through her, a feeling unlike any other. It wasn’t being more alive. Life was life, but magic—it was opening another door and stepping into a different world.
Suddenly the pain was gone. Ryoka sat up and brushed Ceria’s hands off her.
“I’m okay. I am. I saw it.”
Ceria peered anxiously into Ryoka’s face. The running girl had bitten her lips so hard she’d drawn blood, but she didn’t seem to notice.
“I saw it.”
Ryoka repeated and stared at the fading shape in the air. She didn’t need to see it, though. She could remember. She would always remember.
The knowledge was in her eyes, in the way Ryoka moved, in everything she was. Ceria looked at Ryoka, and whatever she saw reassured her. She smiled, relieved.
“Well? Did you see what I wrote? Can you tell me what it says?”
Ryoka took a deep breath. It had no real name. None that the English language was capable of expressing, even with a thousand words. But there was still a way to say it.
She opened her mouth.
“[Light].”
In the stillness of the early morning, light shimmered through the window. All was still, and then the light of the sun was joined by something else.
A soft light came up through Ryoka’s chest. It came down her arms, and up through her palms, which began to glow. A bauble of shimmering colors drifted up from between Ryoka’s palms, hovering in front of her face as she stared.
It was the most magical thing Ryoka had ever seen. It was hers. A glowing, sharply defined orb of what she could only call light made manifest. It was brighter than a light bulb because it was pure light, and yet it was not blinding either. If she stared hard enough she could see straight out the other side.
And it wasn’t white light either. Even as Ryoka stared at it, delicate shades of purple coalesced and then slowly transitioned into a deep blue and then brightened to green and then yellow. The light was living and it shifted even as she held it.
It…it looked sort of like a three dimensional loading wheel on a Mac computer if Ryoka was honest. Even as she thought that, the colors changed and the colors began to rotate in an annoyingly-familiar way.
Ceria blinked down at Ryoka’s light ball in surprise. She placed one hand on her hip and poked at the orb with the other. Her finger passed straight through the orb, making the light shimmer around her pale skin.
“I’ve never seen colors like that before. They’re so…bright.”
