1.35
Page 3
Krshia stared at Erin, her dark eyes unblinking. She said nothing out loud, but she was thinking. For a second, the bright cheerful nature of Erin had broken. It was a mask, a layer of protection around her heart. She was strong, but fragile, like the Antinium were underneath their shells. Her hide was tough. But it would all break down if Krshia pushed just a tiny bit—
The Gnoll pretended nothing had happened and went on talking until Erin’s emotions were fully back under her control. Now was not the time for such things.
“It may have been magic. Perhaps. I do not know such things. I am merely a [Shopkeeper]. But I have never heard of one crossing from other worlds through a spell. Only the darkest of creatures and daemons do such things. But there are many magics that teleport. Perhaps a truly great [Mage] may have used such a spell by accident or mistake.”
Erin frowned speculatively.
“Maybe. It didn’t feel like magic back then. But I’ve never been teleported so maybe it was magic and I just didn’t notice. It really felt like an accident.”
“Accident or not, you are here. And perhaps the cause is irrelevant, yes? You are here. The question is not what brought you here, but how you may return.”
“And is magic the answer?”
“Most likely. I would not know of any other way. But as I have said, it would take a [Mage], no—an [Archmage] to cast such a spell if it can be done.”
“Right. You wouldn’t happen to have one of those lying around, would you?”
Krshia shook her head.
“They are the rarest of spellcasters. I know of only a few, and none live on this continent.”
“Great.”
Erin shook her head. Krshia smiled.
“Do not despair before even hearing of them, yes? Listen. There are several archmages. One on the Human continent to the north. Two more on other continents. But at least three have homes in Wistram, the Isle of Mages.”
Erin perked up at that.
“Really? Three?”
“They come and go. But Wistram is their home. If you waited there for a month you would surely see at least one, yes? And perhaps it is not an archmage you need but the right spell.”
“So what you’re saying is that Wistram is the place I would want to go if I wanted to find out about getting home, right?”
“Mm. Perhaps.”
Erin frowned because Krshia was frowning.
“What’s wrong?”
“It is nothing. I am sure if you travelled to Wistram they would allow you entry. But it is not such a good place that I would tell you to travel alone, yes?”
“Really? But I thought it was like Hogw—a uh, school for mages. Wouldn’t it be safe and full of cool spells and stuff?”
Krshia flicked her fingers dismissively.
“Perhaps some may call it so. But your Pisces, he graduated from Wistram did he not? And he is a [Necromancer] and a thief and gravedigger.”
“Well, when you put it that way…”
“And Wistram is made up of many humans, yes? They are petty and squabble as many of your kind does. Nonhumans live among them of course, but it is no haven. Wistram is no friend to the magicless.”
A dark frown crossed Krshia’s face. Erin sat still, remembering to breathe. She’d forgotten how scary Gnolls could be. On one hand they were like giant teddy bears, but on the other hand they greatly resembled giant teddy bears, complete with razor-sharp claws.
“Did something happen to you, Krshia? Did you—did you ever go to Wistram?”
“I?”
Krshia sniffed dismissively and shook her head.
“I would not visit such a place. Nor would any of my kind, even to trade and earn money. We do not deal with those fools.”
“Fools?”
Krshia shook her head.
“It is an old story. I would not trouble you with it, Erin.”
