1.35
Page 9
The fish Toren was holding was the only one that was even close to intact. The other…bits Toren had carefully collected, washed to remove dirt and blood, and then deposited in a neat heaping pile on one of the cutting boards in the kitchen.
The fish guts dripped onto the floor. Toren automatically put down its fish on the counter and went to clean up the puddle of bloody water.
“Stop that.”
The skeleton paused with the rag in its hand as Erin rubbed at her face and tried not to scream. It could sense Erin was angry, but it clearly had no idea why. Erin sighed and pointed at the dead fish.
“You did this.”
The skeleton nodded.
“I think I get it. You wanted to be helpful. This is food. Which is…helpful, right?”
Another nod. Erin sighed.
“But look—I can’t eat this. No one can. Not even the G—well, maybe the Goblins. But we don’t eat food like…”
She waved at the mess of fish. Toren appeared confused.
“It’s the scales. See these?”
Erin pointed to the sharp, glittering scales lying all over the counter.
“They’re not tasty. And these ones are sharp. If we want to eat the fish, you have to get rid of the scales. And I—I can’t do it. Seriously. Like I said, last time…”
Erin broke off. The skeleton—she kept forgetting she’d named him Tor – was nodding. It dropped the rag, walked over and grabbed a knife. Then it grabbed the fish it had taken and raised the knife.
It had no cooking skills and probably no idea what cooking even was. It hacked energetically and completely ineffectually at the fish with the knife. Scales and guts went flying everywhere. Erin covered her face and yelped as the skeleton cut, pried, and generally ripped the scales and much of the flesh right off the fish.
“Stop, stop!”
Tor paused and looked over at her. Erin pointed.
“Outside. Do that outside, on a table or something. And after that, clean up—no, nevermind. I’ll clean up this mess, you start getting rid of those scales, okay?”
The skeleton nodded. It carefully stuck the kitchen knife between its ribs to hold it in place, lifted the huge fish with both hands and walked out of the kitchen with it. Erin stared until she heard the screech of wood on wood as the skeleton began dragging a table towards the door.
“I—don’t even know. I just don’t know.”
She stared down at the mess of scales and blood on the kitchen floor, and then at the pile of eviscerated fish parts. It was a mess.
But—was it because they were disassembled? Somehow, Erin could tell what she could do with the fish guts now that they were in manageable pieces. Without the scales, she could fry them, use them in soups, bake them after breading them…
“I guess [Basic Cooking] doesn’t include scale removal. Or—scale removal on killer fish.”
That reminded Erin. She walked back to the entrance of the kitchen and called outside.
“Get rid of the teeth, bones and fins too!”
She heard no response, but she was beginning not to expect one. With a sigh, Erin walked back into her kitchen and stared at the mess.
It really wasn’t that hard to clean up. And the skeleton had found a new food source. Or rather, it had transformed an old food source into an actual source of food. For her. It had done it for her.
That was nice. And Erin had finally thought of a name for it thanks to all the online chess games and conversations she’d had with foreign players. The Dutch had some pretty cool names.
It was all fine. Even her conversation with Krshia—
“Wasn’t that weird?”
