1.35
Page 2
“Everything is give and take, yes? We would give much for knowledge. Items of worth. Things that could help our people. But all things have a price. We would help you grant your desires if you had something to offer in exchange.”
“I don’t have anything to give you. Besides food. But I buy that from you.”
“It may be you do not realize your own worth. A stranger from a far-off land has many secrets, many skills of worth she does not know she possesses, yes?”
“Maybe. I doubt it, though.”
“Regardless. I asked you a question. What is it you wish? If possible, we would help you. Or if my tribe disagrees I would help you not as one seeking a bargain but as a friend.”
Erin smiled at Krshia.
“Well, when you put it like that—I still don’t know.”
Krshia frowned.
“There are many things humans want. Surely you have the same wishes, yes? Do you want money?”
“What would I use it on? Repairing the inn? I guess money’d be nice, but I’m okay.”
“Hrm. Then do you wish for more levels? Better weapons? These things many humans desire. Or—an attractive mate? A fertile one?”
“No, no, no, and definitely no. I’m not interested in any of that. Really. I already have a lot of those adventurers chatting me up in the street.”
“Hrrm.”
This was tricky. Krshia had already run through all the things she would have wanted. Erin didn’t exactly seem like she was too interested in mating at the moment and she was no warrior—at least she didn’t like fighting. But neither was she happy.
“Then what is it you wish?”
Erin shrugged. She stared at her half-empty tea cup, at the ceiling, around Krshia’s room—and then she seemed to realize what she was missing. She looked at Krshia.
“I want to go home.”
It was a simple sentence, delivered casually. But the wave of emotion Krshia smelled coming off of Erin told an entirely different story. The Gnoll shopkeeper had a strong desire to wrinkle her nose or rub at it, but that would have given her away.
“I see. But if you have not returned already, you do not know the way back, yes?”
“Yes—I mean, no. I don’t.”
Erin shook her head, distracted. Now that she’d said what was in her heart her entire demeanor had changed. Her body language was shifting, and the turmoil of emotions within her was making Krshia’s nose twitch.
“This desire of yours. You wish for it strongly, yes?”
“No.”
Erin lied, and then corrected her lie as Krshia raised one eyebrow.
“Maybe. Yes. I don’t want to insult this place. It’s a beautiful world you have here, Krshia. It really is more amazing than anything from my world. And I’ve made friends. Selys, Pawn, you…even Pisces. All that’s good but—”
She paused, and then looked down into her cup. Erin’s voice was quiet.
“I have family back home. My mom and my dad. And I had friends. It’s not like I miss them most of the time—I try not to think about it. But…I didn’t even get to say goodbye, y’know?”
For two seconds it looked as if she would break. Erin blinked rapidly and brushed at her eyes. But the tears never fell. She sighed and the moment was past.
“Sorry. It’s just—I’d really like to go home. If I could. I know it might be impossible. I don’t even know if it was some kind of spell or a…a cosmic accident that brought me here. But if I could I want to go home.”
