1.35
Page 5
“Really? I mean, why? And how? Is it that hard to get to Wistram?”
Krshia shrugged.
“Perhaps not hard for one with much coin, but it is a long ways away and dangerous for a lone human female who is not a warrior, and even one who is, yes? Anyone may attempt the journey to Wistram, but it is another thing to make the journey and survive.”
That didn’t sound good. At all. Erin frowned.
“What’s so hard about it? You hire a carriage, get to a port city, jump on a boat and you’re nearly there, right?”
Krshia laughed quietly and tapped Erin on the shoulder. Again, Gnolls had a heavy tap that was more like a shove.
“It is good to be young and eager. But it is not good to stop thinking, yes? Wistram is protected by more than mages. The seas around the college are calm at times, but at other times they devour ships and sink fleets. Especially in the winter.”
She shook her head at Erin.
“Even if you left now, winter would freeze you at sea as you travelled north and the storms would crack the hull of any ship foolish enough to brave the oceans. And there is the cost to consider as well.”
“Oh, right. Hiring a ship would be really expensive, right?”
“You would seek passage on a ship to Wistram. That would not be as expensive, but I talk of the cost of the journey. To travel north to the port cities safely would require joining a caravan that hires adventurers. That costs coin. A good place on a good ship with an able captain requires coin. A bodyguard or one who would protect you costs coin. And seeking lodging in Wistram—”
“I get it. It costs a lot of coin, right?”
Krshia sniffed at Erin and flicked her forehead lightly like one would a child. Only in this case it really hurt. 
“Ow! Stop that! Your claws are sharp!”
“Apologies. But you are still not thinking. Say you reach to Wistram after so travelling far. Tell me, Erin Solstice, how do you plan on finding a mage to bring you home?”
“Well…”
Erin paused and blinked.
“I uh, hadn’t thought of that. I guess I’d just go to their headmaster and ask for help?”
Krshia laughed hard and long.
“That would be a sight to see. Yes, and talking to such a leader among mages would be an achievement in itself! You are just a child speaking of other worlds. Even if you could prove your truth which is simple enough, how would you convince them to help you?”
“Well—I’m from another world. Isn’t that enough?”
“Perhaps to some. But to mages? Many would not care. And those who would care—how would you find them?”
Erin’s heart sank.
“So you’re saying I’d need to pay a mage to help me?”
Krshia nodded.
“Either to pay a mage to assist you or to find a mage worthy and willing to help you. That is the real cost I speak of.”
Things were never so simple as they were in books. It was Erin’s turn to rub at her head with her hands. If this were Harry Potter she’d be able to walk up to Diagon Alley and—well, she was a muggle and she’d forgotten the password so they wouldn’t let her in, and even if she did walk around asking people if they were wizards—
“This sucks. You’re telling me I have to pay to go home?”
“Is it not always so?”
Erin scowled at Krshia, but the Gnoll just smiled back. Erin reluctantly began to think, counting off on her fingers.
“Okay. Say that is my goal. How much money would I need, do you think? A hundred gold pieces for the journey? And then maybe another hundred pieces to find a place to stay? And—um, let’s call it six hundred for finding a mage willing to help me? That’s…a lot.”
“Too much, I think.”
Krshia shook her head at Erin.
