1.35
Page 7
“I told you it would not come to that. And you and the others are fools for suggesting it and dreaming her disappearance would not be noticed.”
Tkrn scowled and rubbed at his side sulkily. But he didn’t dare talk back. Instead, he cast his eyes to where Erin had disappeared.
“She is no threat?”
“As I have said, so it is. She is no threat; merely a lost one seeking to return home.”
Tkrn shook his head.
“So it is true? She is from another world?”
“I sense the truth of it. Yes, she is one who came here by mistake.”
Again, the other Gnoll shook his head in disbelief.
“When I first smelled her, she stank of a place full of oil and metal and burning. Is her world like that?”
Krshia paused, thinking.
“From what she said—and did not say—it is a world of Humans. They alone live in it. Whether that is a better one than this I do not know.”
“But it is different.”
“Yes. Very. In ways that are disturbing and grand. But she did not speak much of these differences and I understood less. But she is—useful. She is important.”
“Ah, but she wants to go home. I heard you two speaking. Thus, we will have her do what we need, isn’t that right?”
Krshia gave Tkrn a baleful look and he wilted.
“You were supposed to be looking out for other listeners, not eavesdropping, fool. What point is there hearing what I will tell the clan anyways?”
“But it doesn’t matter, does it? No one was listening that I saw.”
Tkrn whined at Krshia, but the other Gnoll didn’t relent. She shook her head.
“We need Erin Solstice more than she needs us, yes? And we do not want her speaking with others who would know her value.”
Krshia prodded Tkrn none-too-gently in the chest.
“So be more alert! When she comes back I wish to know. And tonight, ask one of the Runners. Lv or Tshana. They must send a message to the tribes.”
Tkrn looked up. That was serious. He listened carefully as Krshia spoke.
“They must send more of our people here. Wise ones. I ask for counsel as well, of all I have learned. I will speak with all those in the city as soon as all can be gathered and send a second Runner. But this first one must go at once.”
“Will you ask anything else of them?”
“Ask them if they have found others such as Erin. And if they have not found, tell them to search! Tell them to look among humans for ones who stand out and speak and act differently. We have found some.”
“So far they have all been long dead.”
“Yes. That is why this one must not die.”
Tkrn straightened. He had a sword at his waist and a shield buckled to one arm. But he would have been dangerous without either weapon. His eyes glinted in the moonlight.
“Do you wish for me to gather some others to watch over her inn? We could set up camp a few miles away in secret.”
Again, for his trouble Tkrn earned another elbow that made him wince. Krshia flattened her ears and glared at him.
“Hst. You are foolish, Tkrn. Just like a pup on his first hunt. If we place others around her inn, she will notice, yes? But before she does, others will notice and ask questions. And we have few warriors in the city as it is.”
Tkrn whined. He didn’t like speaking to Krshia, especially because the punishment for making mistakes was so painful.
“How can we protect her if we cannot be seen near her?”
Krshia didn’t turn as she strode away. She spoke briskly over her shoulder as she went to talk with other Gnolls.
“We give her fangs to protect herself.”
 
—-
 
Toren was being chastised. Or rather, Toren was being yelled at. It was pretty much the same thing, but volume was the key difference here.
