1.35
Page 0

When Krshia came round she did it dramatically. Gnolls weren’t as—as civilized as other races. But of course that was the wrong thing for Erin to think. It was more that Gnolls still lived in close proximity to monsters, even more so than Drakes did. They had to be ready to defend themselves in case one attacked their villages. That was probably why when Krshia sat up gasping, her claws popped out of her paws and she nearly took Erin’s head off.
It was an accident. Erin was nearly 100% sure of that. And Krshia had apologized several times.
After they’d patched up Erin’s cheek and poured a tiny bit of healing potion on the cut to make it heal faster, the Gnoll and Human cleaned up the broken table and spilled tea. Then they began the tea party again, only with less party and very cold tea.
Krshia had some lovely cheese that Erin didn’t mind snacking on. It was wonderfully sharp and the tea wasn’t half bad cold, probably because it wasn’t that good even when it was hot.
“Apologies again, Erin.”
The large Gnoll sighed as she lowered herself back into her chair and kicked the remnants of her coffee table aside. The replacement she’d brought was a footstool which she balanced the platter of cheese on.
“It was nothing. Really. But why did you faint?”
“Mm. I was merely surprised. Forgive me.”
Krshia took a drink from her tea and shuddered for a second.
“The humans on your planet—I was not prepared for such a number.”
“What? Oh, you mean seven billion? I guess that’s a lot.”
“It is.”
“Ah. Um. Was it that surprising?”
Erin’s complete incomprehension gave Krshia a gentle urge to smack her. But Humans were fragile so though her paw twitched, she kept her voice pleasant.
“It may have been shock or perhaps it was something I ate, yes?”
The young woman glanced at the bowl of meats she still hadn’t finished.
“I sure hope not.”
“That was a joke.”
Krshia shook her head. Humans really had no sense of humor. They could never tell when she was being ironic, sardonic, sarcastic, or just teasing them. Their faces were easy to read on the other paw.
“Let us put the interruption behind us. You were telling me about your world. It has many people—this I now realize. But what else is different?”
Erin frowned, scratched at her ear with one finger and shrugged helplessly.
“Uh, everything? I mean, most things. We’ve got mountains and water and stuff like you guys, but in terms of technology or buildings or…everything’s different.”
Krshia leaned forwards.
“I would like to know details of these differences. Can you give me a few important changes between our worlds? Besides the lack of Levels and Classes.”
“Well—there’s a lot to say. I mean, we’ve got such different cultures. Ours is more adv—more different in many ways. Like—we have weapons and you have weapons, but ours are more shooty.”
“Shooty?”
“Yeah. Like ‘blam’.”
Erin made a gun with her fingers and pointed while making the sound. Krshia blinked at her, uncomprehending.
“What I mean is, we don’t use swords. Or axes. We have guns. They’re uh, sort of like crossbows but better? Do you know what crossbows are?”
“I…see. Yes, I have heard of crossbows. And you have many of these weapons? They are powerful yes?”
“Yeah. But we don’t use them on monsters. We just kill each other with them. And we don’t use horses—well we do use horses, but we also have other ways to travel. Like cars.”
In some ways, Krshia fainting had been more relaxing than talking to Erin. Her head was beginning to hurt.
“Cars? What are these creatures?”
“They’re not animals. They’re uh, moving metal boxes. On wheels.”
