1.36
Page 2
Relc stared grimly at the burnt-out street. He spoke quietly to Erin.
“Everyone’s saying it’s a human that did it.”
“Really?”
Probably everyone was saying that, or at least everyone Relc talked to. Humans might have other opinions. But it probably was a human, at least in Erin’s mind. She couldn’t see Drakes being dumb enough to burn down part of their city by accident, and Gnolls were highly flammable. And the Antinium—
No. There were already Workers picking through the rubble, slowly and methodically clearing away the destroyed part of the street. They wouldn’t have set a fire.
“Why would a human do it, though?”
Relc glanced at Erin.
“Oh, it was the mystery thief. Someone caught them last night and they started a fire to get away.”
“How? With a match or…?”
“A what? They used fire magic. A spell.”
Oh. Obviously. Erin’s eyes were caught by an older Drake trying to salvage something from her shop. She spoke distantly.
“Isn’t there a way to track this thief down? Magic? Or…some kind of skill?”
Relc shook his head.
“This thief has some good magic—and not just the fire magic. A magical item, maybe. And high-level [Guardsmen] do get tracking skills, but almost all of the Watch here are former soldiers. We’ve got more levels in combat classes than our current class. We did have one [Guardsman] with high levels, but that was Klbkch. And he’s dead.”
The comment hit Erin in the gut, and for a second Relc looked guilty. But he didn’t apologize.
“We’re working on it. No one’s happy. Normally we’d have caught the thief, but there are so many of you damn Humans in the city—no offense.”
Erin took offense, but she let it drop. Relc wasn’t happy. He was staring at his damaged city with narrowed eyes and she didn’t have anything to say. Certainly nothing to defend the thief. So instead she changed the subject.
“I…haven’t seen you around the inn lately.”
Relc shrugged again, indifferently.
“Too many damn Goblins around. I’d clean them up, but apparently that’s not allowed.”
Erin glanced sideways at Relc. The Drake met her eyes and then went back to studying the street.
“They’re not all bad, you know.”
He snorted.
“You think the little freaks you’ve been feeding are good? I hear they’ve been fighting a war with the rest of their tribe—when they’re not scaring travelers and stealing their goods.”
For a moment Erin felt a lurch of panic and fear in her chest.
“You’re not—not going to have to hunt them down are you?”
“I don’t really care. So long as we don’t get orders, we’ll leave them alone if they stay clear of the city. Goblins are part of the wild. If you get rid of too many, the bigger monsters don’t have anything to snack on.”
“Oh. Um, t—”
“Don’t thank me. I just don’t feel like doing more than I have to for my job, that’s all.”
Silence. Erin stared at the ground. Relc’s eyes narrowed as he watched the Workers slowly sweeping down the street.
“They don’t even care Klb died.”
“Yeah. They um, don’t seem to care about death. It’s not their fault.”
“I know. They’re bugs. But Klbkch was special.”
“He was.”
“Not just because he was a guard, y’know? He was different. He had a name. I couldn’t believe it when he introduced himself. And he’s the only Antinium I’ve ever heard of with a level higher than 10. He was special.”
Erin was silent. She stared at the large Drake and saw his chest heaving with emotion. The Drake’s fist tightened on the shaft of his spear.
“But they don’t care. They talk about Klb as if he’s just gone off somewhere. As if his death never happened. Even the Queen didn’t put up much of a fuss.”
