1.36
Page 0

When Erin woke up the next day, her eyes were tired and she was full of bleh.
Bleh being her word for her mood.
“Bleh.”
Tor paused and stared at her. Erin blinked at the walking skeleton with blue flames in its eyes and made weak shooing motions until it went away.
She didn’t feel like dealing with it. And by it she meant anything. And that included existing.
Erin stared down into a bowl of chewy oat-equivalents and wondered why the grains had an orange-gold rind. Maybe it was the dirt?
It tasted bleh. And while Erin had money, she couldn’t afford to put much sugar in her meals. She had to save for the future.
And that was bleh. The idea of how much money she needed, the logistics of her inn and the day-to-day work of maintaining it—it was all bleh, and it could go to bleh.
At least now she was able to automate most of the work – or rather, make Toren do all of it. The skeleton bustled around the inn, scrubbing at obstinate stains, hauling buckets of water in, and it had even managed to figure out how to put food on plates and carry them out.
It just didn’t have any idea of how carpentry or cooking worked. Erin had tried—but the skeleton didn’t quite get the idea of not stirring food with its bony arm or how beds were supposed to look.
It didn’t matter. With a little work, Erin had actually managed to transform the upstairs into a livable place. All of the mattresses had been rotted horribly and had to be disposed of, but some of the bed frames only needed a backboard replaced or a few boards changed.
Erin’s inn could now house quite a number of guests. It was just that Erin didn’t have anyone to put up there. And that included her. For the moment Erin was still sleeping in the little nest she’d made in the corner of her kitchen. She had blankets, pillows, and it was a pain to haul all that upstairs and get situated again.
There was always Pisces of course, but Erin really didn’t need a permanent squatter in her inn. Especially because his only payment came in the form of an occasional rambling lecture to Rags.
“Bleh.”
This time Toren offered her a cup of juice. Erin took it and drank. It helped, but even a full belly wasn’t improving her mood.
Rags. Goblins and magic. Magic. Erin’s stomach gurbled at her, although that was probably just a reaction to the blue juice and the oatmeal.
She spent ten or twenty unhappy minutes in the newly made outhouse, testing the equipment as it were. Afterwards, Erin staggered outside giving thanks that an equivalent to toilet paper existed in this world. But it was just more proof that this day was going to be a bad one, in her opinion.
If there was a bright ray of light on the horizon, it was tonight. Tonight was chess night.
That was to say, every night was chess night usually. Pawn had been bringing groups of Workers over with surprising regularity, and Erin enjoyed playing the Antinium.
They never won of course. And even the best players – Pawn and one of the Workers – never even came close. But Erin loved chess in her bones, and more than that, she enjoyed seeing the Workers improve.
But that was later. For now, Erin had to go into the city. She needed pillows for her newly refurbished beds.
“Take care of the inn, okay?”
Tor nodded his head mechanically as Erin stomped out of the inn, her precious bag of coins tucked deep into her pockets. He raised the wet dustrag in his hands like a sword and attacked the dust.
