1.36
Page 9
“Pawn is different, though. He is. So—that Ksmvr guy will let him go, right?”
They hesitated.
“Right?”
“If the individual known as Pawn is not Aberration he may be allowed freedom within the Hive.”
Erin was no good at reading Worker’s expressions. But even she could tell that the Workers didn’t think this was very likely. She stared at them.
“I’m going to stop it.”
“It is too late. The Hive will be sealed while the individual known as Pawn is questioned. Innkeeper Solstice will not be able to enter.”
“I must.”
“It is impossible. Innkeeper Solstice must go back to her inn.”
“I’ve got to go. I must.”
“It is impossible.”
“I must go.”
“It is impossible.”
“I—”
 
—-
 
In the end, the Workers left. And they left Erin behind. She stood, holding the heavy frying pan in the middle of the plains and watched the Workers slowly trudge across the dark plains towards Liscor.
She wanted to run after them. But they’d convinced her—finally convinced her—that even if she followed them there would be nothing she could do. They would enter the hive, but apparently it would be sealed by the fearsome Antinium soldiers. And Ksmvr would be deep within the Hive, interrogating Pawn for signs of Aberration, whatever that meant.
Erin would never reach him. So she stayed, and felt like she was betraying Pawn. But she would never reach him. All Erin could do was pray.
Slowly, Erin walked back towards her inn. Her mind was full of confusion, fear, panic, a whirlwind of emotions. But those thoughts vanished from her head when she heard the shouting.
It came from her inn. Erin stared up the hill, and saw a group of dark shapes standing outside the inn. They were yelling something.
“Goblin!”
“More of them over there! Kill them!”
“Watch it! One of them knows magic!”
“Get it off! There’s a skeleton too! Toss me my sword!”
Erin ran. She charged up the hill as fast as she could. Her inn was lit from the inside, the lamps Tor had lit the only light besides the stars. In the glow from the windows she could see seven—maybe more people, striking out at Rags and her group of Goblins.
They’d been caught unawares, but the adventurers were already pulling out weapons. One of them—a massive Minotaur—pulled a humongous battle axe from his back and swung it with a roar of fury. Rags dodged the massive blade as it bit into the soil with a shrill cry of alarm. She swung her short sword, but a mage in robes pointed and the Goblin had to dive or be consumed by the flames that shot from the mage’s staff.
“Hey!”
Erin didn’t even bother with words. As the adventurers charged she raised the frying pan and hurled it as hard as she could at the Minotaur. The pan flew straight at the massive bull-man’s head, courtesy of Erin’s [Unerring Throw] Skill.
The Minotaur blinked as the pan flew at him. His hand shot up, grabbed the cast-iron skillet by the handle and halted it in midair.
Erin froze. The Goblins took one look at the Minotaur holding the frying pan and ran. One of the adventurers raised a bow, but Erin ran forwards and kicked him in the stomach. He doubled over.
Suddenly, Erin was alone and surrounded by adventurers. They stared at her, confused. One of them – a girl with pointy ears – held up her hand and stopped the other adventurers from attacking. The Minotaur stared at Erin, curious.
He’d stopped the flying frying pan of justice with one hand. Erin gulped and thought fast. Her attack had failed although Rags and her friends were clear. So that left words.
“Hey! What do you think you’re doing?”
The adventurers stared incredulously at her.
“What do you think you’re doing?”
