1.36
Page 5
Pawn desperately tried to search for a winning strategy in his invaded side of the chess board. He found one – the same strategy that would end up in a checkmate eight moves down. Erin had noticed that three moves ago.
Delicately, the Antinium moved a pawn forwards and spoke.
“I am not sure I have any advice to give you, Erin Solstice. I am not experienced in the ways of this world.”
“You probably know more than I do.”
“It may be so, but my knowledge extends mainly to my Hive. I was not I until very recently. Thus, my awareness is only now expanding.”
“I get it.”
Erin sighed, took one of Pawn’s pieces and waited for him to take her rook.
“I just wish I didn’t feel this way.”
“Which way is this?”
Pawn took her rook. Erin took his queen.
“So useless.”
A faint groan escaped the Antinium Worker. He studied the board and then shook his head.
“I have lost.”
The other Workers nodded in agreement as they stared at the board. The pairs that were playing glanced up and stared silently at Pawn’s board before returning to their games.
“Good game. You want to play another round?”
Pawn nodded and the two players began rearranging the board. It was their fourth game, and they’d been playing long enough that the sun was already fading behind the mountaintops.
It was fun to play. But Erin had the same feeling she was trying to express to Pawn. It was fun to play, but she never lost. And thus, she had the definite sense she wasn’t growing as a player, or growing too slowly.
“I just wish I could do something important, that’s all. Something useful.”
“Was Erin important back in her world?”
“What? No. Not at all. I was just a girl who played chess. Heck, I wasn’t even in college yet. I was trying to save up money for that.”
“Then the Erin of now is surely an improvement as she is both an [Innkeeper] and one who teaches chess. I fail to understand the problem.”
“Well, yeah but—”
A few tables down, Rags snorted loudly. Erin looked over. The Goblin stared silently at her, and then reached over and poked the Worker’s king with one finger. It toppled over.
“Hey! That’s really rude!”
Rags made a face as Erin glared at her. But the Worker she’d been playing bowed its head towards Erin.
“This one had lost the game. This one apologizes for time wasted.”
“It’s not your fault. Even if the game’s nearly over, you’re the one who decides that. Knocking over someone else’s king is rude. Got it?”
The Worker bowed his head, but Rags just scowled. Erin amped up her death-glare and Rags reluctantly muttered something.
It was pretty much the only problem that reared its head when Erin had everyone playing chess. In the hierarchy of skill within the inn, Erin was the undisputed champion. After her came Pawn and Rags, with Pawn being the better player, but only just. Below them were various Workers who could play decent games, but Rags was never quite happy unless the little Goblin was playing Erin.
It was an issue of arrogance, and Erin remembered what it was like – being impatient at having to play mediocre players. But Rags was still a rank novice by Erin’s standards, and rudeness in chess was something she wouldn’t tolerate.
But still, Rags hadn’t played Erin yet. Reluctantly, Erin looked at Pawn.
“Sorry, but do you think—?”
The Antinium was already shifting from her table. His courteous nature never failed to surprise Erin. She sighed as Rags jumped off of her chair and marched over to her table.
“Okay, let’s play. But if you touch my king I’m going to chop you up, got it?”
The Goblin didn’t answer. She was already rearranging her pieces.
