1.36
Page 6
Sighing exasperatedly, Erin waved a hand.
“Tor! I’ll have some water.”
The skeleton who had been moving around the room with a huge bowl of acid flies turned and nodded. He disappeared into the kitchen and reemerged with a tall glass of water in his bony hand.
There were some benefits to having a skeleton waiter. Not least of which was that Erin could devote all of her time to playing chess. She sat back as Rags studied the board and waited for the first move.
The Goblin played unusual strategies all the time, which made her a delight to duel. By contrast, Pawn had the fundamental moves memorized and played solid games. It won him more games, but Erin had to admit she admired the Goblin’s daring in her aggressive tactics.
Rags’ fingers closed around a pawn and then the Goblin froze. Her pointed ears twitched and she stared at the door.
Erin looked up. A few seconds of silence passed and then she heard someone knocking politely on the door.
“Come in!”
The door slowly swung open. Erin caught a glimpse of a familiar black body and four arms and smiled. Another Worker to play with. But then her thoughts hit a snag. Workers couldn’t leave the city without Pawn. They were—
The Antinium stepped fully into the inn and Erin froze. She was dreaming. Rags had stabbed her in the chest and Erin was dying on the table. She’d had a heart attack—or a stroke and this was the last thing she saw before she died. It had to be that. She had to be dreaming.
Because the Antinium who walked into the inn could not be who she thought he was.
On first glance he looked like any other Antinium. He had four arms, antennae, large multifaceted eyes, and the two curiously segmented legs all lined with brown-black exoskeleton. That was normal.
But this Antinium was different. He was built slimmer than the Workers, and his carapace might have been a shade darker. But more than that, he resembled someone Erin knew. In every small detail, in every part of his body from the way he stood to the two swords and two daggers at his side he looked exactly like—
“Klbkch?”
The Antinium turned his head and Erin felt her heart stop for a moment. He bowed his head to her and approached.
“Good evening. Am I speaking to the [Innkeeper] known as Erin Solstice?”
His voice was exactly the same as Klbkch’s. Erin wrestled with words around a tongue that had stopped working.
“Yes—yes I—are you—?”
The Antinium nodded.
“Allow me to introduce myself. I am not Klbkch. My name is Ksmvr of the Antinium of Liscor. I serve my Queen as Prognugator. I have come on business of the Hive.”
It wasn’t Klbkch. But it was. Erin was struck dumb for words. She was trying to come up with a response and not start crying at the same time while she digested his words.
Ksmvr paused, and then nodded.
“I understand my resemblance to my predecessor has caused issue. I apologize for any confusion.”
“Oh, no—”
Erin wanted to say ‘it’s nothing’, but it would be a lie. She sat still, rigid in her seat as Rags stared hard at Ksmvr. All the other Workers were frozen in their seats. But Pawn—
Ksmvr looked around the room. His silent, studying gaze found each Worker as the other Antinium stared at the floor. Then he spotted Pawn. The Worker hesitated and half-rose from his seat.
Instantly, the air rang as Ksmvr’s blades shot out of their sheathes. The Antinium held all four arms on guard and pointed one of his daggers at Pawn.
“Remain still, Worker.”
Erin gaped. Pawn began trembling and the other Workers instantly began moving out of the way. Ksmvr advanced swords at the ready.
“Wait. What are you doing?”
