1.36
Page 3
Erin thought about the massive Antinium soldiers marching into the barracks and taking her to meet the Queen.
“You think so?”
Relc eyed Erin darkly.
“You’re not dead, so I’d say she took it well. She kept talking about ‘time lost’ and ‘needless valuable resources expended’ when she talked with the Captain. But never about Klbkch.”
The Drake’s head bowed. He stabbed his spear into the paving stones and the stones cracked and shifted around the tip of his spear. He leaned on it, staring darkly down at the ground.
“No one cares.”
“I care.”
“I know. But you’re different.”
For a while the two stood still, awkwardly, alone rather than together. Erin’s heart hurt. But though the human thing to do would be to pat Relc on the back or say something meaningless, she knew he didn’t want anything from her.
He still hated her. Or if he didn’t hate her, he blamed her.
And she would say nothing against that.
At last Relc shifted his weight and pulled his spear out of the street. He looked down at Erin.
“By the way—and not that I care too much, but you should know—there’s a new Prognugator in the city.”
The word sounded familiar. Erin frowned.
“A what?”
“It was what Klbkch was. Don’t ask me what it means. It’s some important role in the Antinium hive. Sort of their version of a guardsman, I think.”
The idea of the Antinium needing any kind of policing sounded ridiculous to Erin. She couldn’t imagine them doing anything criminal, but then she remembered Klbkch herding the Workers like cattle. Maybe a Prognugator was like some sort of sheepdog, only with people.
“Okay. Is he going to be part of the Watch.”
Unexpectedly, Relc frowned.
“I hope not. Not if I have anything to say about it. I think this one will stay in the Hive.”
“Okay. Why are you telling me, then?”
Relc hesitated.
“He looks—familiar. Just don’t freak out, okay?”
“Sure.”
The Drake scratched at the spines on his head.
“Right. Well, I’ve got to go back to work. Oh—that’s right. I’m supposed to give you a warning.”
“A warning?”
“Yeah. Apparently you got into a fight with a bunch of adventurers, right? Beat them up and stole their stuff?”
Oh. Erin felt like slapping herself. Of course.
“Um, yes. I did. But they were attacking—”
“The damn Goblins. Whatever. Don’t worry; I’m not going to arrest you. I’m just giving you a warning. I also hear you’ve got a pet skeleton.”
“Yes. His name’s Toren. Uh—”
“I don’t care. It sounds creepy, but whatever you Humans like is fine by me. Just keep him out of the city. I just needed to give you a warning.”
“Not to do it again?”
Relc looked surprised. Then he grinned.
“Oh, no. When we heard about three Human adventurers getting their tails kicked by an Innkeeper, some Workers and a few Goblins, we laughed our scales off. We don’t care about what happens to those Humans. Just keep the skeleton away and if that crazy necromancer tries raising any more bodies, stop him.”
“You’re not going to do anything? Really?”
“Maybe if we had time – but we don’t. The Watch is overwhelmed right now. Those damn adventurers keep disappearing into the ruins and we’ve had to patrol the area to catch all the things that come crawling out of there.”
Relc made a face and twirled his spear in one hand.
“Things? Like…what kind of things?”
“Squiggly things. Lots of white tentacles and flesh. Disgusting. We think there’s some kind of brood monster in there, but no one who goes in that far has come out to tell us what it is. And the rest of the cowards are just clearing the rooms one at a time.”
Relc sighed, muttered a bit about humans and adventurers in general, and glanced at the sky.
