1.36
Page 1
If the skeleton had any thoughts on the day, it was simply that it was a shame he wasn’t killing anything. He understood in a vague way that he would not acquire the [Innkeeper] class because he did not in fact own an inn, but the [Barmaid] class was, he felt, something of a misnomer.
At least he was Level 2.
 
—-
 
As Erin walked through the main gates, the Gnoll guard smiled toothily at her.
“Good day to you, Erin Solstice.”
“Hey…you.”
She had no idea what his name was. But the Gnoll seemed friendly enough. He looked bored, possibly because the only visitor he’d had was Erin.
Not many people used the road south. North was where the action was – where the main road took you to the northern cities and where all the adventurers, merchants, and general influx of humanity was coming from. By contrast, Erin’s side of the plains was a wasteland.
And that was a curious thing. Erin knew there was a road that passed by her inn down south, and she’d seen it. But it seemed a lot newer and ill-kept compared to the well-established northern route. It snaked around the city of Liscor, rather than starting at the gates.
Why? And why had there been an inn so close and yet so far from the city? Was there once a road there?
“Yeah, but it got destroyed ten years back. Ever since then no one’s lived south of the city. Besides you.”
For a few seconds Erin thought the voice had come out of some strange part of her mind. Then she whirled around.
“Relc!”
The Drake leaned on his spear, grinning at her. Sort of grinning. Like the Gnoll, there were a lot of teeth.
“Yo.”
“Um, hi. I haven’t seen you around. What’s up?”
“I was looking for you. You busy? Because you are now.”
“I was going to buy pillows—”
“Really? You might have trouble with that. Did you hear what happened last night?”
“Last night?”
Curious, Erin followed Relc as the Drake walked speedily towards Market Street. It was disconcerting how quickly he could move despite giving the appearance of ambling along. It was definitely some sort of Skill.
Erin stopped as she turned the corner to Market Street.
“Oh man.”
“Yeah.”
Relc twirled his spear idly as Erin stared at the wreckage. And that was all it was.
Wreckage.
Nearly half of Market Street had been destroyed. Burnt, in point of fact. To a crisp. A fire had swept through the close, confined wooden stalls. They were meant to be just temporary structures, easily deconstructed for the next shopkeeper to display his or her wares. But the problem was that wood burned easily, and so when a fire did break out…
Even the stones in the street had cracked from the heat. Erin didn’t know rocks could break from heating up, but the street had been shattered quite impressively.
“Normally someone would have raised the alarm and we’d have put out the fire quick. But it happened late last night, and by the time we got one of the mages out here it was too hot.”
Erin glanced at Relc, and the Drake shrugged.
“Low-level mages. And there’s not much call for water magic specialization around here. We had to let the fire burn out and clear the rest of the street before it spread.”
It was destruction. To starve the fire of flames, the Watch and firefighting teams had smashed and cleared the rest of the stalls, shoving the wood splinters out of the way.
It hurt Erin’s heart to see. And it hurt even more because the street wasn’t empty. She could see Drakes and Gnolls, shopkeepers staring forlornly at their abandoned goods. It hurt her heart, because she could see some of them were crying.
Scaly or furry they might be, but their tears looked the same.
