1.37
Page 2
Ceria snatched the wand back and Erin stared at her hands. The fingers that had brushed the wand tip were white and frost had coated the very tips. The Half-elf tossed the wand on the table and grabbed Erin’s hand.
“Are you alright?”
Behind Erin, Toren’s glowing eyes flashed menacingly. The skeleton took a step forwards and met an elbow to the ribcage from Erin. She glared at him until he retreated, and then looked back at Ceria. The touch of the Half-elf’s skin on hers felt very light and ethereal, just like how the rest of the Elf looked. Gingerly, she pulled her hand away.
“I’m fine. Go away Tor! Go get us something to drink.”
“I’m really sorry about that. I didn’t expect you to touch the wand tip. Have you never seen one before?”
Erin blew on her fingers and rubbed them frantically to warm them up. They were tingling horribly, but aside from the first bite of extreme cold they seemed to be okay.
“No—sorry.  I didn’t know I wasn’t supposed to touch them.”
“It was my fault. I forget how much non-mages don’t know.”
Ceria looked abashed. She held up the wand and tapped her finger close to the tip.
“All the magic of the wand is channeled through the tip. That’s why it glows or reacts depending on the spell stored. It’s also why you should never break a wand because it will trigger the spell.”
She picked up her wand and began tucking it up her sleeve. Erin saw there was an armband so that Ceria could hold the wand along her arm. She shuddered.
“Won’t that freeze your arm?”
“Oh, no. I can deactivate the magic. I only activated it because, well—your skeleton surprised me.”
Erin turned and glared at Toren who’d reemerged from the kitchen with a jug in one hand and cups in the other.
“Sorry about that. He keeps doing that no matter how much I tell him not to.”
Silently, Ceria watched the skeleton place a cup before her and Erin and fill both up to the brim. Quite literally to the brim.
“Toren! How are we supposed to drink it like that? Don’t fill the cups all the way to the top just almost!”
The skeleton looked abashed. Erin glared at it and then turned to Ceria. The Half-elf cautiously managed to take a drink of the sweet, pulpy liquid without spilling any. Her eyebrows lifted.
“This is good!”
“I know, right? It’s from this fruit I found around here. Anyways, here. Breakfast is served!”
So saying, Erin pushed a plate towards Ceria. The Half-elf looked down and found herself staring at scrambled eggs, toasted bread and a spreadable cheese on the side—and for some reason a big bowl of what looked entirely like lettuce and tomatoes. And no bacon.
She looked over and saw Erin had a plate full of eggs and bacon. Ceria’s stomach rumbled and she wondered how she was going to correct this mistake.
“Well. This looks…lovely. Thank you for making breakfast so early Miss Solstice. And I’m late in saying it, but good morning.”
“Oh. Thank you!”
Erin paused and then snapped her fingers.
“Oh. Wait! I know this one!”
Bemused, Ceria stared as the other girl scratched at her head. She muttered to herself and then looked at Ceria.
“Um…Elen síla lúmenn’ omentielvo? Is that right?”
The Half-elf froze, mouth open with one spoonful of eggs hovering just over her plate. Erin blinked innocently at her.
“What—what was that?”
Erin blushed.
“I was trying to say good morning in your language. Or maybe it’s just hello. Did I get it right…?”
“My language?”
“Elvish, right?”
The bit of egg slipped from Ceria’s spoon back onto her plate. Erin was getting more embarrassed by the staring so she tried to explain.
