1.37
Page 7
But then she brightened. Moving through the crowd she spotted a group of people who were out of place. At least, out of place for what she considered to be Liscor’s unusual crowd. She spotted a woman in silver armor, a huge guy with an axe and several other humans walking with a tall Minotaur she recognized.
Erin raised her hand and waved.
“Hey! Hey! Hammer captain!”
 
—-
 
“Why are we doing this again?”
Gerald, Captain of the Silver-rank team of adventurers known as Kyrial’s Pride complained as he finally reached the top of the small hill where The Wandering Inn stood. He was wearing his armor of course, and his iconic battleaxe as well, but the big man had another burden.
A sack of onions and five freshly baked loaves of bread, to be precise. And a narked expression, but that didn’t weigh anything.
“We’re here because we want to use this inn for planning, and the innkeeper needs food. And because helping out is the polite thing to do.”
Yvlon smiled at Gerald and winked silently at Erin as she carried along two hams.
“Exactly. And it’s not that heavy.”
Gerial had to wheeze that last comment. He’d been carrying a bag of flour by himself and was regretting it, especially with the weight of the rest of his armor.
Calruz grunted irritably. He dropped the bags of flour he’d carried pointedly into Toren’s arms as the skeleton emerged from the inn. The skeleton staggered under the weight as it carried it into the kitchen.
“This was not warrior’s work.”
“No, but it was necessary, and I appreciate it.”
Erin grinned at Calruz as she hauled a smaller bag into the kitchen. She poked her head out.
“Besides, if you didn’t help out I wouldn’t be able to make lunch! This way you can eat and complain at the same time, Mr. Grumpy!”
Ceria smiled and dropped the links of sausage on the table.
“Touché. She’s got you there, Calruz.”
Yvlon and the other adventuring captains dropped their burdens on tables and looked around the inn. Cervial whistled appreciatively.
“And you lot have this entire inn to yourself? We’ve barely standing room in our inn and we’re sleeping three people to a room. Mind sharing?”
Gerial laughed as he massaged his shoulder.
“Talk with the innkeeper, but we’ve occupied most of the second floor.”
“And we’re not giving up our rooms!”
That came from Ceria. The Half-elf sighed as she sat back in a chair and accepted a glass of water from the skeleton. She’d gotten used to the undead creature, but the eyes of the other captains followed Toren as he walked back into the kitchen.
“You told us but I didn’t believe—”
“It’s not that uncommon. Other nations use the undead, although I’ve never heard of one serving drinks.”
Yvlon tossed her hair behind her and smiled in thanks as Erin handed her a cup. She looked at the other captains as they too were given refreshments and a promise of lunch for their hard work.
“Well, we’re here a bit sooner than I thought, but shall we begin planning?”
 
—-
 
Time didn’t seem to be on Erin’s side. Well, it was passing by, but far too quickly for her liking.
It seemed like she’d just woken up, made breakfast, and bought some food before it was lunchtime. And then she’d made lunch, cleaned up, and suddenly it was dinnertime.
But that was the thing about catering to a crowd; it took a long time and Erin had to keep making food in preparation of people eating food. So although the night came quickly, she was quite, quite conscious that she’d worked through the day to get to it.
