1.37
Page 6
The skeleton nodded—almost glumly, Erin thought. It hauled the bucket of water up and poured it into a pot to heat up over the fire while Erin opened her pantries, dreading what she might find.
Two minutes later Erin rushed out of the inn.
“I’m out of food!”
She paused, ran back inside to grab her money pouch and then ran out again. Tor rushed out behind her.
“Stay there! Wash the dishes!”
He halted, clattering his jaw as Erin raced down the hill.
 
—-
 
“Okay, make that ten sausages and I need a bag of salt, too. Oh, and some cooking oil.”
Krshia nodded and shouted something in her growling language to another Gnoll across the street. Both shopkeepers disappeared and began pulling out the various foodstuffs Erin had requested.
It was easier to go to Krshia for everything she wanted, Erin had found. The other Gnoll could direct her to the right shopkeepers and that way Erin knew she was never being ripped off.
“Is there anything else, Erin Solstice?”
“Um…”
Erin looked around. Market Street was still half-destroyed, but the part that hadn’t been burnt down had already resumed business as usual. And indeed, a large part of the burnt street had already been replaced by the industrious Workers. Shopkeepers had already set up their stalls, and if you ignored the black soot on some buildings and the ground it looked like everything was normal.
The only difference was the Guardsman walking down the street every few minutes and the unfriendly looks that were being directed at every Human who entered. Erin got her fair share of glares, but it seemed like the shopkeepers knew her face, so at least they didn’t mutter insults when she walked by. At least, none that she could hear at any rate.
“I don’t know. What would you recommend, Krshia?”
The Gnoll propped her hands on her hips and thought.
“Hm. These are adventurers staying at your inn, yes? Then buy ale, or something to drink, yes?”
“Ale? Oh, right! Sure! Give me a uh, barrel of that.”
Krshia smiled but shook her head.
“It should be a keg for now. Transporting a barrel is hard, yes? And my Runner—he is overworked. He will not be able to transport your goods until tomorrow, even without a barrel to drive, yes?”
“What? Tomorrow?”
Erin’s face fell. She’s gotten used to the unfriendly, silent Gnoll who drove a cart to her inn every time she needed a delivery. True, it wasn’t ‘running’ but Krshia told her Street Runners often used carts to carry heavy deliveries, unlike City Runners. Whatever that meant.
“Can’t you get it to me sooner? I’m out of food at the inn!”
Another shake and Erin had to step back to avoid the flying brown fur.
“My apologies. But it is a busy time, yes? So many customers which is good. But not for you, yes? I can lend you a cart, but that is all.”
Disconsolately, Erin stared at the small mountain of goods she’d bought. Krshia had marked it and set it aside for the Runner to pick up. It was—well, it was a lot. She’d bought it thinking she wouldn’t have to carry it. But since she did, suddenly Erin regretted her spending.
Briefly, she wondered if she could get away with only taking a little bit. But the adventurers ate so much and they were her first real guests. She didn’t want to disappoint them, but the sun was already high in the sky and she needed to make lunch soon.
There was no helping it. Taking Toren into the city was more trouble than it was worth. If she wanted to get it back she’d have to make several trips with a handcart between feeding her guests. Erin sighed.
