1.37
Page 10
Gratefully, Olesm accepted the mug and then stared in horror at the creature that had served it to him. Meanwhile, Erin was trying to remember. She’d given him a chess problem? Oh! Oh yes, it was the one she’d sent to the mystery chess game enthusiast. Olesm had said he was going to make a copy.
And it had taken him a week? Erin was…impressed.
She was impressed. It had taken her nearly a week to solve the problem as well. Admittedly, she’d been going to class and only spent a few hours here and there trying to solve it. And she’d been in middle school. But still.
It made a difference that Olesm had never learned any of the basic strategies that Erin had built her knowledge of chess on. That was part of the reason she could still wipe the floor with him and anyone else although Olesm was probably the best. And it explained why she hadn’t seen him. She’d actually forgotten about him—
“Erin. Erin!”
Olesm was pulling at Erin’s hand. She snapped out of her thoughts and saw the Drake’s blue scales had turned pale.
“What is it?”
“There’s a sk-skeleton!”
He pointed and his claw shook at Toren as the skeleton brought another plate of food out for Calruz. Erin stared blankly at Toren.
“Yeah. That’s Toren.”
“Toren? It has a—what’s a skeleton doing here? Did that [Necromancer] summon it?”
Erin realized that Olesm hadn’t seen Toren before. She tried to explain. Olesm tried to listen. It was quite noisy in the common room.
“What? And you accepted it? But the undead—they’re so—dangerous! Besides, one skeleton isn’t worth all the food you’ve been feeding Pisces!”
Erin’s eyes narrowed and she tossed a glare over the room at Pisces. He was already trying to avoid Ceria’s gaze as the Half-elf occasionally stared at him, but he flinched away from Erin as well, although he couldn’t possibly have known what she and Olesm were talking about.
“Oh really?”
Olesm nodded. He tore into the food Toren brought for him, clearly famished.
“Their binding spells don’t last that long. Your average skeleton falls to pieces within a day or two of being animated, and even if the necromancer uses an indefinite binding, their spell fails the instant they take too much damage. And they’re surprisingly fragile!”
“Well, this one hasn’t fallen apart and it’s been knocked to pieces once already.”
Olesm frowned.
“Really? That’s not usual. Most mages don’t spend nearly that much mana on a lowly skeleton.”
“I think this one’s different. It’s smart enough to take orders and serve drinks, for one thing.”
The Drake followed Toren’s circuit around the room and nodded slowly.
“True. And that’s odd too. It’s very intelligent—can it play chess, by any chance?”
“What?”
Erin grinned at Olesm and laughed.
“Is that all you think about? You’re like me when I was a kid!”
The Drake blushed and ducked his head. Then he paused and looked around the room.
“I didn’t think you would be so busy—I was hoping to play a game, but I wouldn’t want to take you away from your work. Where is that small Goblin or the Worker called Pawn?”
Erin’s smiled faded. She’d nearly forgotten the events of yesterday as well.
“I haven’t seen Rags and her crowd today. They must be doing Goblin-y things. But—the Workers probably won’t be coming for a while. There was an—incident with Pawn.”
Olesm looked alarmed.
“What happened?”
Someone was calling Erin’s name. She glanced around, distracted, and made a face.
“Tell you later! Wait until everything slows down and then we can play a game of chess, okay?”
