1.37
Page 3
“I once went to a Lord of the Rings chess tournament because I heard a national champion played there. People wouldn’t play me unless I could at least say ‘hello’.”
Ceria understood exactly none of what Erin had said. Her mind spinning, she put down her spoon quite calmly.
“Erin, I’m not sure what you might be thinking but—I’m not an Elf.”
This time it was Erin turn’s to stare.
“You’re not. Oh man. I just thought—”
Ceria touched the pointed tips ears that Erin was staring at.
“I’m not an Elf. I’m a Half-elf. And besides which, you wouldn’t see—an Elf anywhere.”
“Really? Why not?”
Erin was full of round-eyed curiosity. Mindful of her sleeping friends upstairs and because Erin seemed genuinely confused, Ceria did her best to keep her voice level and not shout.
“No one has seen an Elf for thousands of years. They all died long ago.”
“Oh.”
Ceria watched as Erin sat back in her chair, disappointment clearly written all over her face. The conversation stalled as both young women tried to wrestle with what had been heard. Ceria felt—amazed at Erin’s ignorance, but the nature of their conversation was familiar. She’d had the same sort of odd explaining to do, but when—?
“Well, I’m uh, really sorry about the mix up. I just thought you looked so amazing and um—are Half-elves like Elves? Or—or is there anything I should know?”
Awkwardly, Erin pointed at Ceria’s plate.
“I didn’t know what you people—I mean, what you could eat. If you need something special I can get it. Anyways, we’ve got salad. Um…there are some tomato-like things I bought from the market, carrots…lots of soup. And uh, I’ve got bread and cheese if you want to eat that.”
Ceria raised both her eyebrows in amusement.
“I can eat meat, you know.”
Again, the Human girl paused and seemed to struggle with something. Then, silently, she switched her plate with Ceria’s. The mage brightened as the aroma of fried meat drifted upwards.
“So you eat meat?”
Ceria nodded happily.
“I’m not sure what you’ve heard, but my people aren’t averse to eating meat. I quite enjoy pork, for instance, especially when it’s been properly cooked.”
Erin stared at Ceria, round-eyed.
“Really? That’s so weird.”
 
—-
 
When the rest of the Horns of Hammerad finally woke up, it was because they smelled the food. Adventurers, being the sort of people who were used to waking in a moment’s notice to avoid dying, generally slept in if they could help it. But they were also big fans of eating, and so when the smells of cooked food finally wafted upstairs their stomachs dragged them out of bed.
Gerial stumbled down into the common room of the inn and brightened the instant he saw what Ceria was eating. He sat down at a table, wondering if he should call for a barmaid when he saw the skeleton march out of the kitchen.
Ceria caught the vice-captain of the Horns of Hammerad as he went for his belt dagger.
“Easy.  Don’t threaten it and it won’t attack.”
Gerial paused and nodded. He let his heartbeat slow from the sudden jolt he’d received and warily let the skeleton put a heaping plate of food in front of him. The skeleton set down a cup, pointed to a jug of blue liquid on Ceria’s table and walked back into the kitchen. Sheepishly, Gerial met Ceria’s gaze.
“Good thing you caught me. I’d forgotten—”
“Don’t worry about it. I made the same mistake earlier.”
“Good morning!”
Gerial looked up and gave Erin a smile as she bustled towards him, silverware in hand. The skeletal waiter had forgotten it and Erin also filled up Gerial’s glass with the strange blue liquid after giving him a choice between it and water.
