1.37
Page 1
Her stomach rumbled. Another sign, indicating she was hungry. Erin stared down at the two plates that were as close to an American breakfast as she knew and smiled. Ceria probably would like this, especially with blue juice. Too late, Erin remembered she had an Elf in the other room.
“Oh no.”
Erin stared down at her meal of bacon and scrambled eggs. She couldn’t go out with this. Desperately, she scrambled around, looking for anything that remotely resembled produce. It was so hard to keep vegetables in the inn because she didn’t have a refrigerator!
She found a head of lettuce and some tomatoes. Feverishly, Erin fried more eggs and added it to some toasted bread. That would have to do. Hopefully Ceria ate eggs. Were Elves vegetarian or vegan?
 
—-
 
Ceria stared blearily at the table, trying not to fall asleep. She wasn’t a morning person. People expected Half-elves to rise with the dawn and frolic in the dewdrops and flowers or some such nonsense. But Ceria had lived too long among Humans and other species to like getting up early, and she didn’t frolic.
An enticing smell was coming from the kitchens, along with much banging about. Ceria tried not to listen. She was concentrating on a spell.
“[Illumination]. No—perhaps I’m doing it wrong?”
She should have the spell mastered, but it was giving her trouble. [Illumination] was an advanced version of the [Light] spell Ryoka had learned, and technically it was only Tier-2 magic. But in truth, its complexity was around Tier-3. Normally Ceria wouldn’t have bothered learning it, but the spell could illuminate over a hundred meters around the caster by shedding orbs of light. It was perfect for dungeons.
“And of course, it’s up to the Wistram mage to do it. Is it a hard spell? Yes! Then let the Half-elf do it! Don’t get any of the other mages. Ceria’s got it covered!”
Ceria growled and slapped the spellbook in front of her shut. She was hungry, and now that she smelled breakfast she really couldn’t concentrate.
Right on time, someone exited the kitchen holding two big plates full of food. Ceria brightened—
And nearly blew the skeleton’s head off when she saw it. The undead creature paused and stared at Ceria’s wand as the mage caught herself. It had one arm cocked to throw the plate at her head.
“Tor! Stop that!”
Someone smacked the skeleton in the back of the head, making it stumble and nearly drop its burden. Ceria saw the strange innkeeper glare at the skeleton and point at the table where she sat.
Quickly, Ceria lowered the glowing wand as Erin approached.
“Ooh, is that a wand?”
The Half-elf blinked at Erin. She paused, and then held out the wand.
“Yes it is. Would you like to see?”
Erin peered excitedly at the long, slender piece of wood. It didn’t look carved like the ones she’d seen in certain movies. Rather, it looked like it had been plucked off a tree and stripped of all branches. The wood was a pale white tinged with the faintest hint of green. All in all, it was ordinary except for the pale blue-white wisps of light flickering around the tip.
“That is so cool!”
Ceria was mildly taken aback by Erin’s enthusiasm. She held out the wand to Erin, much to the other girl’s surprise.
Erin hesitated, her hands itching to hold the wand. She glanced at Ceria.
“Is it really okay if I touch it?”
Ceria had to smile.
“It’s not that fragile. Go ahead.”
Reverently, Erin ran her fingers along the wand. It didn’t feel that different, to slight disappointment. The wood was smooth and polished but it didn’t feel special. Her fingertips touched the wand’s tip!
“Ah! Cold!”
