1.37
Page 4
“Thank you for the meal ah, Miss…”
Ceria supplied the name.
“Solstice.”
“Oh, just call me Erin. Anyways, I’ve got more food so just shout if you need some.”
“You’re most kind. And this looks delicious.”
Erin smiled and walked off, already chatting to Sostrom and the other female mage in the Horns of Hammerad. Gerial eyed his plate, delighted at the glistening oil on his fat strips of bacon and the mounds of eggs and pieces of bread buried next to them.
He took his first bite and grinned at Ceria.
“Good food.”
She was already eating again.
“Isn’t it? Try the blue stuff.”
Cautiously, mindful of Ceria’s sense of humor, Gerial did. His eyes widened.
“It’s sweet!”
Ceria and the other Horns of Hammerad grinned at Gerial’s reaction. He’d already drained his cup by the time Erin came back around.
“Good service, food, and we’re not getting dirty looks every two seconds. We struck it lucky coming here.”
“Good thing we didn’t get into it with those Goblins.”
Ceria nodded as Gerial removed some grease from his chin with a handkerchief.
“Still—”
Gerial craned his neck and saw only the skeleton walking around offering drinks to adventurers reluctant to accept. Reassured, he continued speaking to Ceria. Neither adventurer noticed how often Toren kept passing by their table despite their full glasses.
“What an odd innkeeper.”
“She’s definitely strange. Goblins and a skeleton. But Pisces is probably to blame for the skeleton. Still—Goblins.”
“Did you see what one of them was armed with? A…a jar of something?”
Ceria smiled with dark humor.
“It set off my [Dangersense] when it pulled it out. Guess what was in it? Acid. I had a look in the kitchen. She’s got jars of acid flies—a local creature around here. Looks like she’s been harvesting them as a food source.”
Gerial paused as he munched down on his bread, appetite suddenly lost. Ceria shook her head at him.
“Oh stop being squeamish. Drakes eat them, and so do the Antinium. Not that we’d see the ant-men here, but I can see how it would be useful.”
“But the bugs—”
Gerial eyed his plate uneasily, imagining how an insect might crawl into a cooked meal. Ceria glared at him.
“Do you think she’d leave any of them alive? They were all dead. Honestly, you Humans—”
She trailed off and shook her head.
“Well, I get it. Bugs aren’t my favorite thing to eat either.”
That comment nearly made Gerial choke on his drink. But Ceria continued, thinking aloud.
“I’m not sure if she’s just absentminded or if she doesn’t realize how dangerous arming Goblins is. That acid can melt skin in seconds. But besides that, it’s odd to see her living so far out from the city.”
“Not too far. It was barely an hour’s walk even with us getting lost.”
“True. But monsters don’t care about distance. And that skeleton doesn’t look that powerful.”
Gerial nodded. The skeleton didn’t set off any internal alarm bells when he thought of it as a potential foe. It was dangerous and no mistake—but it was no Lich or even a stronger variety of the undead.
“Maybe that’s all the protection she could afford.”
“In that case she’s reckless or insane. Or—poor. Actually, She reminds me a bit of Ryoka.”
Gerial stared incredulously at Erin as she began haranguing Toren.
“In what way, exactly?”
Ceria shrugged, unable to explain.
“They’re not too similar personality-wise, but…it’s just a hunch.”
“Well. So long as we’re here monsters aren’t an issue. And this is a good inn.”
“Right. If we want to keep using it we’d better spread the word to the others. If they come in and start something—”
