1.37
Page 11
Reluctantly, Olesm nodded. He brightened as Erin brought him more food though, and began attacking that. Erin walked over to the waving adventurer, and her endless quest for customer satisfaction continued.
 
—-
 
Late. Later in the night. Erin was bone-tired, but she was still smiling, and still, surprisingly, having fun. The adventurers weren’t jerks and they liked her cooking. And they had money! It wasn’t bad to be working for once, and Erin wondered just how much money she’d make from tonight.
Not a bad haul. But she was tired. She paused, wiping at her forehead and accepted a drink from Toren.
“Hey, good job. You’re not doing so bad.”
The skeleton paused and nodded at her. She blinked in bemusement as it bustled out of the kitchen.
“Skeletons. They think they’re good as people.”
She laughed, and walked back out. At last the food requests had stopped coming in, and it was just filling glasses and doing the stacks of dirty dishes in the kitchen. Toren could do that. Erin would just fill up a bucket with water from the stream and boil it before she could sit down and play a game of chess with Olesm, and maybe Pisces.
She had bucket in hand and was heading to the door when it opened. Two Workers immediately stepped inside. Erin raised a hand to greet them—
And half of the adventurers in the room drew their weapons.
“Whoa! Hey! Swords down!”
Erin shouted as the adventurers began pushing their chairs back and the Workers wavered. She put herself between the adventurers and the doorway.
“These are my guests! Guests!”
“Antinium!”
“The Bugs!”
Some of the adventurers were shouting, but the adventuring captains were the first to get over their surprise. Gerald grabbed the shoulder of an adventurer that was rising and shoved him down in his seat.
“Don’t fight!”
This came from Cervial. He raised his voice and shouted at the adventurers.
“They’re part of Liscor! You hurt them, you make an enemy out of the city! They’re not here for a fight! These are the Worker-types.”
Erin ignored the shouting as the Captains began restoring order in the inn. She looked at the Workers, confused.
“Why are you here? I thought you couldn’t leave the city.”
Not without Pawn. But then Erin’s mind caught up with what she was saying.
“Pawn?”
“Yes Innkeeper Solstice. But there is an issue—”
The Worker opened the doorway. Erin saw two other Workers helping another of their kind through the doorway. He was like them, exactly like them but different.
Pawn.
He was okay. He was alive. Erin smiled as he stumbled into the inn. But then her smile froze.
The adventurers, who had been swearing and reacting to the presence of the Workers took one look at Pawn and fell silent. Several sheathed weapons were unsheathed again. In the dead silence someone swore loudly.
Pawn had to be helped by the two Workers into the inn. He swayed, unsteady. A trail of green blood followed him. Erin’s eyes were caught by the color. So green. So vibrant. A color she’d seen once on her hands before.
The Antinium named Pawn stared up at Erin. She stared back. Her thoughts had—stopped. She stared at him.
He was still Pawn. But he was missing one of his antennae, the one Ksmvr had severed. And he was missing arms as well. Three of them. And part of one leg.
The door closed and the cold rain began to fall.
 

