1.37
Page 8
Erin stopped to wipe a layer of sweat from her forehead and wince because she’d smeared tomato sauce all over her brow. Oh well, it wasn’t as if her face had been that pristine to begin with. And she was too busy to wash it away.
She glanced out at the clouded night sky and wondered if it was time to shut the window in the kitchen. She’d undone the shutters here to cool down the stiflingly hot kitchen, but it looked like rain and the last thing she needed as a wet kitchen floor.
The nights were getting colder. Already Erin had taken to closing all the windows by the evening, and tonight was especially chilly. Dark storm clouds had swallowed the sun hours ago and promised to drop their cargo sometime tonight.
“Winter is coming.”
Toren paused and cocked his head at her. He probably hadn’t heard what Erin had said. She waved her hand at him and he exited the kitchen.
She was done with her plate of spaghetti. Well—plates. Erin lifted one in each hand carefully—she could do more, but it was heavy porcelain and she didn’t feel that rushed—and walked out into the common room.
A wave of noise greeted her. Adventurers sat around her room, talking, laughing, arguing. It was such a bizarre sight in her inn that Erin had to pause. But she was on a mission and the food was heavy, so she made her way to the two tables that had been pushed together in the center of the room.
“What do you mean, wait?”
Calruz slammed one fist down on the table, making Erin nearly jump. He was shouting at a bunch of men and one woman – all adventurers, allegedly. They’d come into the inn around lunchtime with a few of their friends and had stayed around, talking.
Well, mainly arguing. Ceria and Gerial sat next to Calruz, wincing as the Minotaur expressed his discontent. Each of the other adventuring captains also had a vice-captain with them.
“We’re not ready to go in, Calruz. We need supplies. We thought we could get them here, but prices are high and supply is low. Besides that, we need to send some scouting teams in. And there are other adventurers to consider letting join—”
“We know what’s in there. And the Ruins are less than an hour’s journey from the city! We don’t need supplies or scouts!”
“We agreed to come Calruz, but that doesn’t mean we put ourselves under your command. We’re all equals here and we go in properly or we don’t go in at all.”
That came from Lir, the only other mage at the table besides Ceria. He smiled and thanked Erin as she put his food in front of him. Then he returned his attention to Calruz.
“There are some Silver-rank adventurers in the city. Some good ones that I know. It wouldn’t hurt to have them with us, and as Cervial said, we need time. A day or two of delay won’t lose us any time. Myself, I’m more concerned about our formations. Ceria has said she can learn the [Illumination] spell in time, but even if we get that cast, how will we approach the actual exploration phase? I’m not too keen on splitting up our vanguard—”
Gerald shifted. He’d been busy chomping down on slices of ham but he stopped to glare at Lir.
“You can’t be suggesting we keep our forces together. The time it would take—”
Erin stopped listening. She was busy, and the adventurers had been arguing all day.  That was preferable to them having, say, a bar fight but she was busy.
She spun past her inn, taking requests for food, filling empty mugs, and generally, wishing she was less busy. The door opened and Erin turned to smile at the newcomer and explain that skeletons and Goblins in general were friendly.
