1.38
Page 8
“Did I? It seems like all I can do at times like this is just accept what happened and move on.”
She shivered. Ceria was conscious of how cold it was. The enchantments on her robes made her feel warm even in the freezing rain but the human girl had sat up on the rooftop for—it had to be an hour at least.
“You should come inside. I’m sure Pawn will want to see you.”
She reached out for Erin. The girl’s skin was deathly cold. She muttered something.
“—know.”
“What?”
Erin shook her head.
“I don’t know. I don’t know what to do to stop it. But I do know what to do.”
She walked past Ceria, into the inn. The half-elf followed, watching. There was something in the human girl’s eyes.
Pawn half-rose in his seat when he saw her. Anxiety was written all over his face, although only Erin could see it. She smiled at him and sneezed.
The other adventurers stared at Erin. She ignored them. They were not important. Instead, she sat down as Toren rushed towards her with a towel. She patted the cold water off her and felt a bit more alive when he gave her a steaming mug of boiled water.
Olesm had been playing Pawn. But the Drake instantly stood to give her his seat. Erin shook her head.
“Go on. Keep playing.”
The Drake blinked at her, and then awkwardly sat down. Erin sat next to Pawn. At first the Antinium looked at her, but she smiled. It was very quiet in the room. After a while, Olesm coughed and awkwardly moved a piece forward.
Pawn played. The two played. Erin looked at the Workers and got them a chess set. It was strange. The Workers sat and began playing. The adventurers sat awkwardly. After a while Erin had Toren bring out some leftovers.
And it was still silent. So when the feeling in Erin couldn’t be contained she opened her mouth.
And began to sing.
It caught Pawn off-guard. He froze as he held a knight in his hand and stared at Erin. So did everyone else. But the awkwardness—the fear she might have felt was nothing. So Erin sang.
She had never been good at singing. Or rather, she’d never been as good at singing as she had at playing chess. But when she was a kid, before she’d quit going to church, she’d been part of the choir. She’d sung in the school choir and once, just once, her teacher had encouraged her to study singing.
But she hadn’t. Erin had played chess and forgotten how to breathe properly, stopped singing every week. But the music had lingered, and she’d never really forgotten how.
“I don’t know why you hurt inside or what was said to make you cry…”
She didn’t know why she started with a Lady Gaga song. But that one she’d always loved because it made her feel better. And Greatest was probably her greatest song.
Erin had no piano. No voice synthesizer, no backup choir; she didn’t even have a microphone. But she didn’t need those things.
Her voice filled up the room, and it seemed to her audience that even though only one person was singing, they could hear something else. The same song Erin had heard first while sitting in her room playing chess.
Was it one person singing or two? They heard another voice. Strange drums—the sound of a piano—a voice singing with electronic sound in ways they could never have imagined.
Ceria listened, and heard another voice, and a kind of music she’d never heard of wherever she’d gone. She closed her eyes, and thought of a girl who knew colors that Ceria had never seen in her life.
Olesm was playing. Pawn kept moving pieces, but that was a backdrop to the music. Erin finished her song and silence beat down again. It was oppressive so she chose another song.
