1.38
Page 0

“I am individual. I am Antinium.”
That was the first whisper Erin heard out of Pawn. He sat, no longer bleeding in the inn as she wrapped a bandage around his severed stumps.
The healing potions the adventurers had used had stopped the bleeding, but there was no way to restore lost limbs. And his severed wounds were still exposed to the air. The Antinium didn’t have skin but exoskeleton. Lacking that, the healed areas were still vulnerable.
He whispered to Erin as she sat next to him. The half-elf named Ceria and the other adventurers hovered around her or watched from their tables, silent spectators. But all of Erin’s attention was on the Antinium in front of her.
“What happened?”
He trembled.
“I was asked questions. I was tested. I passed.”
Erin looked at his broken body. Three arms had been cut away. And part of his foot—his carapace was cracked in multiple places and cut in others.
Torture.
“Is he coming after you? Ksmvr?”
The name made Pawn freeze like a—a cockroach caught in the light. He began shaking so uncontrollably the two Workers had to hold him so Erin could finish wrapping the bandage.
“He—the Prognugator let me go. He let me go. I am individual. Not Aberration. He let me go.”
Pawn repeated the words several times, rocking back and forth. Erin stared at him. She didn’t know what to do.
“Erin—”
She looked around. Ceria was staring at the Antinium.
“Who is this?”
“Pawn. This is Pawn. He’s a Worker.”
“No.”
All four Workers said the word as one. Erin looked at them. They spoke in unison.
“The individual known as Pawn is no longer a Worker.”
“Then what is he?”
“Individual. Antinium. Not Aberration.”
Ceria looked at Erin.
“This has something to do with the Antinium in the city, right? Did they have a—a fight? I’ve heard of Prognugators. If this Ksmvr is after your friend—”
“No. No!”
Pawn waved his one good arm wildly. Again, the other Workers had to retrain him.
“I am not Aberration. I am not. I am—”
He was incoherent, or as close to it as Erin had ever seen one of the Antinium. She stared at him. He was still shaking. And if he had the means, Erin was sure he would have wept. Instead all he could do was tremble.
It was curious. Erin felt as though in this moment, she should be full of—something. Rage perhaps, or grief. But instead there was nothing. Just a few thoughts.
Pawn was still babbling. He kept repeating his innocence as the other adventurers watched helplessly. Some of them looked disgusted, others actually sympathetic. And some were simply silent because it wasn’t the time to speak.
Erin had no time for them. Instead, she walked slowly over to a table. Olesm was paralyzed in his seat. He stared up at her, eyes wide. But Erin didn’t speak to him. Instead, she picked up what was in front of the Drake.
A chessboard.
Ceria blinked as Erin carried it back. But Pawn’s eyes latched onto the simple wooden board as Erin put it on the table in front of him. Pawn looked up into her eyes and she felt the nothingness in her deepen.
Slowly, the two Workers propped Pawn up and he moved so he could access the board with his remaining arm. The former Worker hesitated and then moved.
He shook like a leaf in the breeze. Pawn fumbled at the chess pieces with his single arm, clumsily trying to set them up and knocking them over. Trembling.
Erin stared at the Antinium and felt not a trace of fury in her. Not black fury, not burning rage nor wrath enough to power a thousand suns. Nothing.
