1.38
Page 3
But no such pacts had been established outside of the city. Therefore, four of the Soldier Antinium stood silently next to Ksmvr, silent giants waiting for his order. They were elite—perhaps not as strong individually as he was, but close. Together, they were more than enough to subdue a single [Innkeeper].
It might have been overkill to a human, but the Antinium took no chances. And Erin Solstice had established her worth. Initially Ksmvr had only known what his Queen had told him, and from that he had thought of her as insignificant. Worthless.
But—and here was the difficult part—Erin Solstice was important. She was valuable. Perhaps unique. His Queen had been wrong in her appraisal of Erin and that bothered Ksmvr greatly.
But the duty of a Prognugator was to protect and serve the hive. And Ksmvr would do just that. He waited for Erin Solstice in the certainty that she would come.
Her actions were a matter of record. More than that, the established thought processes of humans were well known to Ksmvr. She would come in fury and vengeance to be caught and the individual known as Pawn would be easily retrieved. Minor obstacles like the Goblins, adventurers and skeleton were of no object.
Ksmvr shifted in his position on the hilltop that afforded him a view of the area surrounding the city. He was not bored. He was incapable of being bored. But the time he had spent waiting bothered him.
The Soldiers behind Ksmvr did not move. They waited, alert for any threat. They did not get bored either.
But Relc was quite bored. The Drake yawned and all five Antinium turned. Ksmvr’s swords and daggers sprang from their sheaths and the Soldiers immediately raised their club-like hands.
“Hold it.”
Relc sat up in the grass, appearing out of the dark landscape as if by magic. It wasn’t magic of course. But mud and the Drake’s dark scales had made him practically invisible in the grass.
Ksmvr held up a hand and sent a mental order to the Soldiers. But neither he nor the other Antinium relaxed. He kept his swords pointed at the ground.
“Senior Guardsman Relc. Do you have business with me at this time? If so, I request it wait until tomorrow.”
Relc scratched at the back of his head. He looked at Ksmvr and glanced away.
“What? Oh, no, no. I don’t have business with you.”
Ksmvr waited, but Relc didn’t say anything else. More questioning was in order.
“May I inquire as to your purpose here?”
“Sure, inquire away.”
More silence. Ksmvr was aware that Relc was being deliberately obstinate and confrontational. A troubling complication.
“Why have you followed my group?”
Relc raised what would have been an eyebrow.
“I’m not following—”
“Please refrain from lying. There is no other reason for you to be out here at this time of night. Moreover, you are not currently on duty. Why are you here?”
The Soldier Antinium shifted slightly. Relc eyed them, unimpressed. He flicked his tongue out and shrugged.
“I’m just taking a walk. And uh, a nap. In the rain. Which I do quite often.”
Talking to people—or rather, interacting with those not of the Hive was difficult. And Ksmvr was unused to conversations with outsiders in the first place. Still, he persisted, keeping one eye on the dark landscape the entire time.
“Will you return to the city, then?”
“Maybe. In time. I’m just enjoying myself.”
“I see. And will you continue to remain here so long as we are here?”
“Oh, no. I’ll leave pretty soon. Just as soon as a certain stupid human girl gets back to her inn all safe and sound.”
