1.38
Page 5
“Your regard for me matters little. My position is temporary.”
“Good for you, I guess. Why are you talking so much, anyways?”
“I am attempting to build the same level of camaraderie shared between you and former Prognugator Klbkch.”
Another pause, and this time Relc’s expression darkened.
“Well. I—no. I’m going to stand over here until Erin comes by.”
He began to walk off. Ksmvr called out after him.
“Sixteen more Soldiers are currently moving towards this location. You will not be able to stop them alone.”
Relc paused. Ksmvr couldn’t see—but the Drake looked like he was grinning.
“That’s sort of funny. I guess not all of you Antinium are alike, huh?”
“What leads you to that conclusion?”
“You don’t have [Dangersense]. You’d better pray you get it, or another skill like it soon.”
Relc nodded towards a distant hill. Ksmvr looked and mentally ordered the Soldiers leaving the Hive to hold position. Perhaps if he were Human he might never have seen the silent figure crouching and smiling down at the two warriors. But he was Antinium and he recognized Gazi on sight.
The Drake sat down on the hill casually, ignoring the other Antinium still watching him. He nodded towards Gazi’s distant figure.
“Now she could eat you and your cute little soldiers for breakfast. Me, she’d probably choke on the way down.”
Ksmvr was capable of free-thought, a mark of his position and importance to the Hive. He was a leader, meant to direct soldiers and deal with unexpected situations as they arose. Never mind that he had become Prognugator before his training period was over—he was trusted by the Queen. But—but—
But no matter how hard he thought, he couldn’t decide what to do. Erin Solstice was important. But with the presence of Gazi the Omniscient as well as Relc, suddenly the costs of capturing Erin Solstice became too high.
But she was important. But it was too costly. But she was important. But it was too costly. What should he do? His Queen had ordered him not to disturb her. But he knew the importance of individuals. His entire duty—the entire duty of the Antinium within Liscor revolved around the importance of this. But it was too dangerous.
What should he do? For the first time in his short life, Ksmvr had no idea what he should do.
 
—-
 
It was a silent—well, stalemate wasn’t the word. From their position within a deep section of the grass the other watchers could see that the Antinium were in trouble. Even as they watched, their leader came to a decision. He spoke a few words to Relc and the Antinium surrounding him began marching back to the city.
That was good.
“There. It is well that we did not have to intervene, yes?”
Krshia spoke her comment quietly, but even with the pouring rain the other Gnolls lying in the grass heard her perfectly. Tkrn and six of the other Gnolls relaxed their hold on their bows. Tkrn nodded at Ksmvr as the Antinium swiftly descended the hill, flanked by his Soldiers.
“It might be best to slay the bug before he returns to the city, yes? It would not be too difficult to do, especially if he intends to hurt this Erin Solstice.”
“Fool.”
Tkrn barely saw the paw that cuffed him on the head. Krshia glared at him between the long stalks of grass.
“He was not trying to kill her. Use your brain, you fool, you.”
The other Gnolls chuckled in amusement as Tkrn flattened his ears in embarrassment. As the most junior member of the Gnolls—and the most inexperienced, it was even more humiliating to make a mistake in front of their leader.
“But he had Soldiers.”
Krshia snorted.
