1.38
Page 1
Her hands were calm as she took Pawn’s pieces and set them up on the board. Carefully, she arranged his pieces and hers. He was white – she was black. He clumsily moved a pawn forwards and she replied.
Queen’s Gambit. Dutch Defense. Erin crushed Pawn in only a few moves. Ruthlessly. Without guilt or hesitation.
The Antinium wavered. She felt and saw him hesitate, and saw the other Workers around him staring. But then she reset the board and he moved again.
King’s Pawn Game. French Defense. Erin played exactly the opposite game Pawn expected to, staying defensive and picking off his pieces slowly. She won again, overwhelmingly.
Nothing. No feeling. Erin played in a void of calm, playing her best against a broken Pawn who could barely move his pieces. She reset the board and they played.
Again, and again. Glacial silence, forest silence. The silence of endless days on the open desert where the winds devoured all and the sand was the only thing that ever changed. The silence of the open ocean on a sunny day—vast and loud, engulfing all things and making the world a green-blue landscape.
The silence of eternity, played out in the soft clicking of chess pieces on the board.
Again, Pawn played and Erin won. She rotated the board and made the first move. She won again.
He was alone. Alone, and not half the player she was. But with every game something that had been cut away came back. Slowly, the Antinium’s trembling stopped.
He played. He lost. And Erin felt nothing. But each game was a small slice of eternity cut and drifting between the two, a moment of healing, a moment of concentration and silence. An immortal moment.
And when it was done, when the games had finished and the sun had fallen, and then night had turned back into day Erin stopped. She let Pawn gently push over his king. The Antinium no longer trembled, and she sat in a silent ring of Workers, Goblins, and even adventurers who sat watching the game. A single skeleton hovered with a platter of food in hand, watching with eyes that had seen forever in death and saw forever caught in a single game of chess.
And still, Erin felt nothing. Not a flicker of pain, anger, or sadness crossed her heart. The emotions were too big for her. But whatever was in her prompted her. Erin felt it move, like the way the tide changed. A vast, deep feeling.
She spoke as Pawn hung his head low, drowsy with sleep.
“Ksmvr.”
The single word brought the Antinium out of his half-sleep, shuddering. But he was strong enough to hear the name now, strong enough to listen and not weep. Erin met Pawn’s eyes and saw a person staring through insect’s multifaceted gaze.
She made no promises, spoke no untrue words. Erin reached out and held the cold insect Worker, hugging him gently. Then she stood up and said two words.
“I’m sorry.”
The door closed softly behind Erin. For a moment all the adventurers stared, still caught in a fragment of forever. Then the silence was broken by shock and cursing as half the adventurers in the inn rushed out after her.
 
—-
 
“Erin!”
Ceria was the first out of the inn. She was no warrior, but her heritage gave her grace and speed. And she wasn’t weighed down by armor.
The Half-elf ran into the rainy night, and found the other girl was already gone. The door opened and Yvlon and Cervial were outside right behind Ceria.
“Where did she go?”
“Towards the city, obviously. But she must be moving fast. I can’t even see her from here.”
“Well let’s get after her! If she’s trying to pick a fight—”
“Humans.”
