1.39
Page 0

Ceria woke up first. It was an unconscious act on the part of her body that her mind wanted no part of. As the first rays of dawn hit her she opened her eyes and sat up in her bed.
It was too early. And despite her early rising, Ceria was not a morning person.
But some things were too hard to forget. It had been years—decades, really—since Ceria had needed to wake up this early. She was safe in this inn, among her friends and companions. Safe.
Yet it was impossible to forget some things.
Rubbing her face with her hands, Ceria decided that she was up. Remembering the past would only lead to nightmares, and she wasn’t about to wake the inn screaming.
So despite the early hour and lack of sleep, Ceria stumbled downstairs. She blinked around at the room.
“Dd.”
She’d meant to said ‘odd’, but her mouth wasn’t working. What was odd wasn’t that the common room of the inn was a mess—what was odd was that it was not.
Last night. Ceria rubbed at her eyes again and remembered. Music. A night that had lasted forever. Songs and—something else. Some instruments she’d never heard before, and beautiful words.
It felt like a dream. But it had been real, so it felt even more dreamlike. She remembered stumbling up to bed as the other adventurers left, still caught in that magical moment.
Yes—they’d left, but adventurers always create messes wherever they go. Mostly in the form of dead monster corpses and blood, but in this case in the form of empty dishes, dirt, spilled food and drink and coins scattered on the tables.
None of that was here now. The room was clean. In fact, in the morning light the polished wood practically sparkled at Ceria.
She found that mildly offensive. But hunger was distracting her in no small way. She stumbled towards the kitchen—
And froze as a skeleton blocked the doorway.
“Wood rot.”
That was twice now that Ceria felt her heart was literally about to stop. She staggered backwards and pointed shakily at the skeleton.
“Don’t—do that!”
The skeleton was silent. Ceria blinked at it, still not quite thinking properly. It had a name, didn’t it? Erin called it—
“Toren, right?”
The skeleton made no reply. Well, it had probably been the one to clean up the room. Last Ceria had seen, the girl Erin Solstice had been sleeping next to the Antinium named Pawn.
Who also wasn’t here.
Something about that made an alarm bell go off in Ceria’s head, but she was distracted by pressing needs and the undead monster in front of her.
“Is your mistress up? I’d like some breakfast, but I can get it myself.”
Ceria went to move past the skeleton but its arm shot out and blocked her way. She stopped and stared at it.
“What are you—”
It put a finger to its yellowed teeth even as Ceria saw Erin rolled up in a blanket in the corner of the kitchen. She blinked at the girl.
“That’s where she sleeps?”
The skeleton made no sound, but it seemed irked that Ceria was still making sound. The half-elf shook her head. It was too early for this.
“I’m hungry.”
No response. The skeleton stared at her.
“I need food.”
Again, the pitiless cold flames of death were her only answer. Ceria tried to push the skeleton aside but it grabbed her hand warningly. She eyed it. It looked—well, it was Pisces’s creation. Carefully, she withdrew her hand.
“Fine. No waking her. But can you get me something to eat? Or—cook something?”
