1.39
Page 2
“A Skill, I think. Not one I’ve ever heard of. Must be a rare one.”
“But that wasn’t it either. Those songs—”
“Beautiful.”
Ceria smiled and Gerial nodded fervently. But she didn’t seem as awed as he was by the memory. She frowned slightly.
“It was amazing. But odd as well.”
“Odd?”
“I’ve never heard any of the songs she sang. Not one. And the music that came with it—did it sound like anything you’d ever heard before?”
“Not even in my dreams.”
But Gerial had dreamed of those songs last night. He felt his eyes sting a bit as he remembered and turned his head to wipe at them. Ceria shook her head.
“They were moving, but that’s not the point Gerial. It’s another mystery. Where did that music come from? How did that girl—”
She glanced up and stopped talking abruptly. That was another thing Gerial was used to, so when Erin stumbled out of the kitchen he was already turning to greet her.
“Good morning, Miss Erin.”
She stopped and stared at him. She was still wearing the same food-spattered clothing she’d had on yesterday. She also looked miserable.
“Morning.”
Ceria nodded at Erin. The girl shook her head.
“Is everything alright?”
Another shake. Erin paused, made a face and reluctantly opened her mouth.
“I hab a thore throat. And a cold.”
“Oh.”
“I see. My condolences.”
Erin staggered over to their table and flopped onto it. Gerial saw the skeleton walk out of the kitchen and stand behind her. Erin didn’t seem to notice—or care.
Ceria put down her book and pushed aside her bowl of egg yolk to peer at Erin. She shook her head.
“It must have been sitting out in the rain last night that did it.”
“I bnow.”
The half-elf was already focusing on Erin, her fingers glowing with pale green light.
“I can do something about the sore throat, but healing potions don’t cure colds.”
“Really? You can—”
Erin yelped as Ceria poked her throat. Instantly, the skeleton behind her raised a threatening fist but Erin sat back in her chair.
“Ow, that—hey! My throat is better!”
She still had a stuffed nose, though. Silently, Gerial offered her his handkerchief. Erin blew her nose and looked him gratefully.
“Sorry.”
“Think nothing of it.”
Erin sniffed and handed him the handkerchief back.
“I hate colds.”
She looked at Ceria and Gerial pleadingly.
“Magic?”
Ceria shook her head at Erin.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t cure that so easily. I only know basic healing spells and colds are tricky. Only the [Restoration] spell cures colds, as far as I know.”
“What? But it’s a cold.”
Erin whined at Ceria. The half-elf sighed, but remained patient.
“It’s a cold. The most common of illnesses. People have been using magic to cure it for so many years that magic no longer works.”
Gerial was surprised.
“That can happen? I thought—well, it’s just being sick, isn’t it?”
Erin groaned.
“Magic-resistant super-viruses. Just what I need.”
More words that the adventurers didn’t quite understand, but both got the meaning. Ceria shrugged regretfully at Erin. Then she glanced at Gerial with a slight smile.
“Looks like breakfast is cancelled, Gerial. Unless you all want to risk getting sick before the ruins.”
He sighed.
“No helping it, I suppose.”
“I can make food.”
Erin tried to sit up, but Ceria gently shook her head.
“Some rest will do you more good than anything else. And you coughing into your food won’t do anyone any good.”
She was right, and Erin sagged back into her seat.
“Sorry.”
“Don’t mention it.”
Gerial was already standing and stretching. He was hungry, but it wouldn’t be the first time he’d missed or deferred breakfast until a later date. He nodded at Erin.
