1.39
Page 3
“We’re going into the city. I think Calruz is already gone, but the others are still asleep. Don’t worry about feeding us—they can always go into the city.”
Ceria looked surprised. She glanced upstairs.
“Calruz is gone? I didn’t hear him moving.”
“I don’t think he slept. He went after the bug—ah, I mean, the one called Pawn.”
Erin sat up in her chair, suddenly wide awake. She stared around the empty room.
“Pawn?”
 
—-
 
Pawn of the Antinium had not slept since the night. It wasn’t as if he’d missed much sleep, though. Erin Solstice had sung well into the morning and so it was only an hour or two later that he sat outside the Wandering Inn, thinking.
And suffering. He could still feel his missing appendages, or rather, the places where they should be. It felt…horrible. Horrible in a way he couldn’t describe, not to be able to move properly. But there was nothing he could do, and at least the pain had stopped.
Small mercies. But the memory of how he had lost his limbs still haunted him. And yet the memory of what had happened last night was with him as well. He still heard the music, still felt his soul shifting, hurting, rejoicing as he heard Erin sing.
Pain and wonder. They fought for dominion, but the pain was nothing compared to the wonder that still filled him.
So he sat and thought. He thought of many things, from his role in the Hive as it had been to what it was now. He thought about what he had suffered, and what was happening. He thought about many things and had no answers. But when he thought about Erin Solstice he felt something else.
And he had no words for that emotion. And it was troubling. In a good way, and a bad way, but enough so that when the Minotaur stomped towards him Pawn was almost glad of the interruption.
“You.”
Pawn inclined his head respectfully. He didn’t know if he should, but all he knew was his role as a Worker. But he wasn’t one anymore. Should he be respectful? It seemed appropriate.
“Adventurer-Captain Calruz. How may I help you?”
The large Minotaur scowled down at Pawn. His eyes were shadowed and he looked tired. And angry. He’d been walking outside by the looks of it, but now he stopped and stared down at Pawn.
“Answer me something, insect. Why did you not fight?”
Pawn stared up at Calruz.
“I’m sorry?”
The Minotaur glared at Pawn. He jabbed a finger at Pawn’s chest.
“You. Why did you not fight? When you were being tortured by your own kind—why did you not resist? Are all of your kind cowards or do you not have any pride?”
The question was so surprising to Pawn that he took a few moments to respond.
“I had no right to resist. The one who took me—he was the Prognugator. He judges other Antinium. Our lives are his to use.”
Calruz looked disbelievingly at Pawn.
“So. You would allow death and dishonor to befall you because of mere rank?”
“The Antinium have no honor. And I am—was a Worker. My life is for the Hive. If my death is required, I will die.”
For a long moment Calruz stared at Pawn. Pawn held his gaze, wondering if the Minotaur would lash out at him. It had happened to several Workers before. But the Minotaur just snorted angrily and turned away.
“All that I should have expected from a slave.”
He stomped towards the door and flung it open. Erin crashed into his chest and the Minotaur blinked at him.
“Pawn!”
She spotted the Antinium and froze. Pawn got to his feet and nodded at her.
“Erin. Is something wrong?”
Erin sagged and some of the color returned to her pale face.
“You scared me! I thought you went back into the city—!”
“I was about to. I would not wish to trouble you—”
“No!”
