1.39
Page 4
Pawn was surprised by the vehemence in Erin’s statement. She grabbed him.
“You can’t go back! Not to that—that evil guy!”
“Ksmvr?”
“Yes!”
Erin nodded. She gestured towards her inn.
“That guy—I’m going to—well, I’d like to—what’s more important is that you stay here. Not in that stupid Hive. I’ll make a bed for you and you can stay as long as you like. Free of charge.”
Pawn stared at the inn, and then at the two adventurers who’d followed Erin outside. He shook his head.
“Your offer is most kind. But I belong in my Hive.”
“What?”
His words seemed to shock the others. But Pawn was used to that. He tried to explain.
“I am missed. I must complete my duties.”
“But Ksmvr—”
The name made Pawn shudder, but only slightly.
“He will not harm me.”
“Bullshit.”
Pawn met Erin’s eyes steadily. He remembered her holding him. Remembered her strange warmth. The music was still in him.
“He will not harm me, Erin. He has determined that I am individual. He will not question me further. And I will be protected there. Now that it is known I am individual I am—important.”
“Important?”
That seemed to surprise Erin. And her surprise surprised Pawn. How could she not realize? But he had learned how little others knew of the Antinium. But surely she understood this—
“I still don’t trust that Ksmvr guy. He’s dangerous.”
“He was merely fulfilling his duties. But once the Queen is told, she will summon me. I am sure of it.”
This didn’t seem to reassure Erin at all. She stared at Pawn anxiously, not seeming to understand the great honor this would be.
“The Queen? And where was she while he was stabbing you?”
“She is occupied at the moment. It is the Process of Anastases.”
“The what the what?”
Pawn shrugged. It was a convenient gesture he had learned, shrugging. He noticed that the half-elf was staring at him intently behind Erin as the human and Minotaur talked.
“I do not know. I only heard what was spoken in passing. But it is an important ritual which cannot be interrupted. I…sense that.”
Erin stared at him. She did not understand, and Pawn worried that she would try to keep him. That would lead to conflict, and he could not allow her to be hurt. But the half-elf spoke to him.
“You—ah, Pawn. Can you tell me something? What do the Antinium want?”
“To thrive.”
It was an automatic response, and not the one she wanted. Ceria shook her head.
“I’ve heard that from every Antinium—I mean, what do they want here? The Antinium have never established a Hive so close to another species, let alone in their city. Why did this Ksmvr take you and—and question you?”
More hard questions. Pawn tried to answer as best he could.
“We came ten years back. To make…make something. I do not know. I do not know what. But it was Decided. The Queens sent a single Hive to the city. Paid in gold for a place with those not of the Hive. To make something. A new kind of Antinium.”
“And this Process of…does that relate to it?”
“No. Yes. It is important. I cannot tell you what it is. I was not told. I can only sense that it requires all of my Queen’s attention.”
“But when she’s done with it, she’ll want to see you, is that right?”
“Yes.”
“And you’re important.”
“Yes.”
Easier answers. Pawn saw the light of comprehension in the half-elf’s eyes. But Erin still did not understand. Pawn saw that, too. But the half-elf did. She tugged at Erin’s arm.
“I think I get it. Erin, Pawn needs to go back to his Hive. You can’t take an Antinium away from the Hive. If you do—they spare no effort to reclaim their lost. Or if it’s impossible to reclaim them, those Antinium die.”
“They do?”
