1.39
Page 6
He looked around for Erin Solstice. She was nowhere to be seen, which was inconvenient. He had hoped for some food—
Pisces was used to wandering into the kitchen of the Wandering Inn for food. He’d done it quite often, and so it was quite a shock to him when Toren shot out a bony arm to block his way. He yelped and stumbled backwards.
“What are you doing?”
His creation studied Pisces. Toren didn’t reply—not that Pisces had given him the ability to speak. The mage paused, and gestured with his fingers.
“Move aside. I require sustenance.”
A flicker of hesitation—and then the skeleton shook his head. Pisces frowned.
“I am your creator. Move aside.”
Another shake of the head. Pisces frowned darkly. This was wrong. But of course, he had expected complications when he’d created this skeleton. He just hadn’t expected the spell-weaving to interfere with the obedience of the skeleton—
“Move.”
The skeleton clattered its jaw at Pisces and raised a finger to shush him. He blinked at it.
“What are you—I, Pisces, order you to move aside and let me pass.”
Another shake of the head. Pisces ground his teeth. He was about to try something more drastic when something slapped the back of his head hard. He staggered and looked around.
“You!”
Something was attacking him. Pisces yelped as Selys advanced on him, hitting him with her fists.
“You’re the one who made this—this thing, aren’t you? You evil, wretched—!”
Selys yelped as Toren caught her hand. She nearly screamed, but the other bony hand covered her mouth. Pisces froze. Was his creation going to—?
Toren held Selys in a grip of death. Very, very slowly he removed his hand from her mouth and raised it to his own. One finger went up and he shushed her.
Selys quivered as she nodded. Toren gently let go of her hand. Then the skeleton pointed inside the kitchen.
Both Pisces and Selys stared inside the kitchen and saw Erin curled up into a ball, still sleeping somehow. They exchanged a look.
Toren moved back in front of the kitchen entrance and stood there, a sentinel. He stared pointedly at both mage and Drake. Slowly, the skeleton reached for a sword belted to its bony waist. It unsheathed the blade an inch. They backed away.
 
—-
 
“What was that?”
“It was my creation. A skeleton. It was merely guarding its master, Erin Solstice.”
“You created that thing?”
Selys stared at Pisces, horrified. He raised his nose at her.
“Of course. It is a bodyguard for Erin and an able servant.”
“It’s an undead monster. And you—I thought you were just an [Illusionist] scaring poor people. But you’re that [Necromancer] Relc was talking about, aren’t you? Well, you leave Erin alone! She doesn’t need you bothering her!”
“I am a favored customer at her inn. I have every right to be there.”
“You had a bounty on your head until a week ago! You stay away from her or I’ll—I’ll—”
He sneered at her.
“You’ll do what? Hit me? I’m a mage.”
“And I’m a receptionist at the Adventurer’s Guild. I’ll put a twenty-gold bounty on your head if you so much as raise an undead anywhere within twenty miles of the city.”
“You—you don’t have the authority to do that.”
“Try me. And get out of my way!”
“I am going to the city. With Erin…indisposed I require sustenance there.”
“Then walk behind me! I don’t want to be anywhere near you!”
“I am entitled to walk wherever I please. If it bothers you so much, you may wait.”
“You flesh-faced jerk—”
