1.39
Page 1
The skeleton seemed to consider this. After a moment it reluctantly nodded and walked into the kitchen. Unlike the many skeletons Ceria had seen or killed, this one walked with something approaching grace. It was a superior version of an inferior undead creature, and there was only one mage stupid enough to create something like that.
Pisces. Ceria narrowed her eyes at the skeleton as it trotted into the kitchen. It was certainly an improvement on his older work. For one thing, this skeleton was quite intelligent. But that in itself wasn’t a good thing. It meant he was closer to his goal. If he ever made an undead that was capable of leveling—
She blinked as Toren appeared in front of her. He was holding something.
“Is that…a loaf of bread?”
It was. An entire loaf, unmarred by imperfections such as slicing or condiments. Toren thrust it at her.
Ceria took it and stared at him.
“Am I supposed to eat this? I need something else, you know.”
The skeleton couldn’t sigh. But Ceria distinctly got that it would if it could. It stared at her, and then walked silently back into the kitchen.
Bemused, Ceria sat at a table and stared at the loaf. After a moment she fished out her belt knife.
She’d just managed to cut a few slices away when the skeleton reappeared. It put a bowl down in front of Ceria. She stared at that, too. It was also holding eggs.
Tor dropped the eggs in front of Ceria next to the loaf of bread. Then it added a bag of sugar. It went away and brought a cup and a pitcher of water out and then walked back into the kitchen.
Ceria stared at the food on her table. She eyed the eggs, bread, sugar, and the water. She caught one of the eggs before it rolled off the table and stared at it.
She shrugged.
 
—-
 
When Gerial stumbled downstairs, yawning and rubbing at his eyes he found Ceria dipping slices of bread into a bowl of egg yolks. Some sugar had also been added to a slice of bread and turned into a sandwich that made him forget entirely about breakfast.
The half-elf looked up as she munched on her dipped slice of bread. She was reading from her spell book.
“Oh. Hey. The innkeeper’s asleep so there’s no breakfast. But the skeleton got me some food. Want some?”
Gerial stared at the raw egg dripping from the slice of bread. He shuddered.
“That’s disgusting.”
Ceria rolled her eyes.
“You humans. You eat eggs all the time. What’s the difference between frying them and grabbing them from a nest?”
“A very big difference, thank you.”
Gerial sat at the table and tried not to watch Ceria chomping down her meal. He stared at her cup.
“Is that sugar?”
“Goes well with the water if you add enough. Want some?”
He hesitated.
“I think I’d prefer normal food, thanks. Where’s the innkeeper?”
“Still asleep, I think. She’s in there.”
Ceria nodded to the kitchen.
“That damn skeleton’s guarding her though, so don’t go in. This is all it gave me to eat.”
“I see.”
“Yup. So this is the only food you’re getting for a while. Want some?”
“Pass.”
The two adventurers sat in silence for a while. It wasn’t the first time they’d done this. Gerial was a morning person, and he’d often found Ceria awake. His stomach rumbled and he tried to ignore it.
After a while, the silence was too much. Gerial had to talk. He rubbed at his mustache and awkwardly cleared his throat. Ceria looked up and raised an eyebrow.
“So. Last night.”
“It was quite something, wasn’t it?”
“Something? It was—”
Gerial didn’t have words to describe it. He was no mage, and the memory of last night stuck in his head as something he could only describe as magical.
“What was that? Was it a spell?”
