1.40
Page 8
They were using a high-pitched whistle, which gave off a shrill whine that was impossible to ignore. Gazi didn’t lower her sword, through one of her smaller eyes rolled around in her head. Neither Gerial nor Sostrom moved either, and Ceria was already on her tiptoes. They knew how fast the Watch would react, and didn’t panic.
The filthy girl hiding behind the stall was no seasoned adventurer however, and she heard the whistle and thought it was for her. She rushed out from behind the shopkeeper’s stall, appearing in the street as her [Invisibility] spell failed.
Ceria was afraid to turn her head, but Sostrom and Gerial saw a blonde head of hair, filthy travelling clothes, pale skin, and the flash of magic. The girl raised an emerald ring, shouted something as she pointed at the adventurers and then fled.
From her ring, a huge, thick tendril of what looked like spider web shot out, growing larger and spreading out. It flew at the adventurers like a bird.
Gerial and Sostrom had seen the spell and they were already diving for the ground. The cobwebs struck their backs and stuck to them, instantly anchoring them with tendrils of silk as strong as stone.
Ceria could do nothing but watch as the spider webs flew at her. They wrapped around her and she fell to the ground, instantly cocooned.
Gazi eyed the unfurling spider web and flicked her sword twice. The tendrils of webbing fell at her feet, neatly severed.
None of the other adventurers were so lucky. Gerial and Sostrom were pinned to the ground and Ceria was covered head-to-toe. Gazi tsked in irritation and glanced around as the piercing whine continued.
The girl with the magic was nowhere to be seen. She’d already fled down an alleyway.
“How inconvenient. I suppose I must ask my questions another time.”
She looked down at Ceria, and the Gazer’s eyes were hard.
“But make no mistake. I shall see you again, and ask more questions. Unless of course I find this Ryoka Griffin first.”
She smiled then, her slight, mysterious smile.
“Farewell.”
Gazi turned and strode off. Her legs were a blur as she disappeared into an alleyway.
“Damnation!”
Gerial cursed as he fought the webs. But they had anchored him to the ground.
“What kind of magical artifact was that? Sostrom, I’m pinned. Can you—?”
“My wand is caught!”
The human mage cursed and fought to tear his wand free of the webbing. Lying helpless on the ground, Ceria gulped a few times. It didn’t feel like her throat was perforated.
“[Flashfire].”
The thick webbing burned off of Ceria in an instant, giving off thick, billowing clouds of smoke. She yelped and cursed as the fire burned her. But in moments the webbing was gone.
She stood up and unsheathed her belt dagger. Ceria ran to Gerial and Sostrom, working her blade into the webbing. It stuck.
She pulled the dagger away and pointed at it. A stream of fire burst from her fingers and engulfed the blade, turning it red-hot. Ceria began cutting again and the webbing fell away.
Gerial yelped as the heated blade burned him but Ceria yanked him to his feet.
“Complain later. Let’s go! If the Watch catches us—”
All three adventurers exchanged a look. They looked around the street. Sostrom pointed to an alleyway and they ran as the Watch arrived on the scene, led by an irate Drake with a spear.
 
—-
 
“We were under a spell?”
Ceria nodded as she, Sostrom and Gerial walked back towards the inn. She winced with every step. Her skin was red and burned along her entire body. Only where her enchanted robes had covered her was her skin whole.
