1.40
Page 7
But Gazi was looking at Gerial and suddenly his attention was focused completely on her.
“Ah, but I would dearly like to meet her. Would you happen to know where she stays?”
“Celum. There’s an inn she stays at quite often there and she takes most of her requests there.”
Ceria stepped on his foot again. Gerial glanced at her, irritated. She mouthed something but then Gazi was speaking.
“Which inn?”
“The Bloody Tankard.”
This time Ceria abandoned all pretense and jabbed Gerial hard in the side. He winced and looked down at her, confused.
Ceria sighed and shoved Gerial back. Sostrom interposed himself between the vice-captain and Gazi, averting his gaze from Gazi’s eye. So did Ceria. She spoke to the air just over Gazi’s shoulder.
“Excuse me, Miss Gazi. But why the interest in Ryoka?”
Gazi’s eye shifted towards Ceria, but the half-elf refused to meet her gaze.
“I would simply like to meet her.”
Her eye focused on Ceria and Gazi’s slight smile grew a fraction. Ceria bit the inside of her lip until it bled.
“Well you have the name of her inn. And we haven’t seen her. So if that’s all—”
“She was in Esthelm just two days ago!”
Ceria cursed and whirled to glare at Gerial. Behind her she heard Gazi chuckle.
“And do you have any way of finding her now? Or perhaps you know where she’s going?”
“We do not.”
Ceria cut Gerial off. She glared at Gazi, focusing hard, channeling mana into her eyes as a shield.
“We don’t know anything else. So stop asking. We would like to be left in peace.”
Gazi was still smiling.
“But I have more questions to ask about Ryoka. And I feel you can answer them.”
“I’ve got nothing for you. So you can take your answers and shove them.”
Gazi blinked. Ceria gasped as the pressure on her vanished. The half-Gazer looked disappointed.
“Hm. You would not answer questions for me? I am a Named Adventurer, you know. And you are, ah, yes, Silver-rank. Tradition would dictate you help me to the best of your abilities.”
Ceria snapped at Gazi.
“I know who you are. And a former soldier isn’t the same as a true adventurer. We got our levels from fighting monsters, not killing people.”
“But I am still higher rank than you. I could be…troublesome to you if you refuse to help.”
“I don’t help the insane. You and your mad king can go to hell for all I care—”
Gazi didn’t so much move as blur. One moment she was smiling, posture relaxed, talking calmly to Ceria. The next, the tip of her curved sword was suddenly at Ceria’s throat. And she was no longer smiling.
“I do not suffer insults to my lord’s name.”
It took a second for the two men behind Ceria to react. When they did, Gerial swore and went for his sword and Sostrom reached for his wand. But they both froze as Gazi poked the tip of the razor sharp blade a bit further into Ceria’s neck.
“How inconvenient. And we were doing so well with politeness. But I will have an answer. But first—an apology. I will hear it from you on your knees, half-elf.”
Ceria was sweating. The blade was not pricking her throat, but lodged into her skin. She was already bleeding. If it went in just another inch—
Perhaps it was because it had been so quick. Gazi hadn’t attracted attention when she’d drawn her sword because she’d moved so fast no one had seen it leave her sheathe. But it was hard to ignore a drawn blade at the throat of a half-elf in the middle of the street.
People began noticing the standoff and panicking in the course of a few moments. Within seconds the pedestrians cleared out and the adventurers could hear someone calling the Watch.
