1.40
Page 9
Sostrom fished out a potion and handed it to her as they walked. None of the adventurers slowed down, though. The commotion hadn’t spread to the rest of the city but they had no desire to get on the wrong side of the Watch.
“Yeah. She was casting a [Charm] spell with her eye. It hit both of you the instant you looked at her. I barely blocked it.”
“But she was only looking at us.”
“Gazers can cast spells as easily as looking. A Half-Gazer can do the same, it seems.”
“A Half-Gazer? Is that what she was?”
Ceria glanced sideways at Gerial. The man was still pale from their encounter—and the magic that had worn off on him.
“You’ve never heard of her?”
“I only know she’s a Named adventurer. Why?”
Ceria muttered darkly to herself as she rubbed the ointment over her burns.
“She wasn’t always. She was a soldier, once. A good one I suppose, but that only means she killed a lot of innocent people. She only became an adventurer after—it’s a long damn story. Let’s get something to drink back at the inn. I’ll tell you all about it as soon as we get clear of the area.”
“Tell us now. If she’s after us—”
“Not us. She wants Ryoka, and I don’t know why. Possibly the same reason Magnolia is interested in her, but that’s just a guess. It spells trouble and we need to let everyone know as soon as possible.”
“Give us the details on Gazi before we get there. How strong is she? Where does she come from?”
Ceria nodded. She took a deep breath as she waked. The pain from her burns was easing, but she was still shaky. But an adventurer was calm or she was dead. So she collected her thoughts and spoke.
“Right, so do you know about the desert continent south or maybe south-east of here? It’s huge, but there are several kingdoms to note. In one of them sleeps a king…”
 
—-
 
“Good evening, Erin.”
Erin blinked at Gazi.
“Oh, hi Gazi. What’s up?”
Gazi smiled at Erin. She didn’t come in, although Erin held the door open for her.
“I won’t trespass here long. I just wished to tell you I will be travelling from this city for a while.”
“Oh?”
“I have business to attend to elsewhere. I just wished to know if you planned on travelling anywhere in the coming weeks.”
Erin blinked. Some people were strange. Gazi appeared on her doorstep and asked—she was staring quite hard at Erin with her huge eye. But maybe that was just how Gazers were.
“Oh, no. I’m not going anywhere in a hurry. Why?”
Gazi studied her with her central eye and then smiled.
“I was just curious. I would greatly enjoy having another meal here at a later date, and I would not wish for you to leave before then.”
Erin laughed.
“No chance of that I’m afraid.”
“Well then. Until we meet again.”
Gazi stepped back, smiling. Erin stared at her, nonplussed. Gazi turned, and paused. Someone was in her way.
“Excuse me.”
Calruz blinked down at Gazi. The large Minotaur had clearly not been intending to stop, preferring perhaps to run Gazi over or let her move aside, but when he saw her face his hooves stopped dead in their tracks.
The Minotaur’s eyes fixed on Gazi’s large eye and his widened in recognition. He instantly made room for her to walk past him, giving Gazi a lot of space. She brushed past him with her faint smile.
“Your pardons, warrior.”
Calruz stared at her back as she left. He turned to Erin.
“Do you know her?”
“Sort of. Why?”
Calruz stared at Erin, back at Gazi’s disappearing figure and shook his head.
“She looked like—it is nothing. You would not know her.”
