1.40
Page 5
Gerial accepted a stick of meat and handed over coins for both him and Ceria. He bit into the hot meat and glanced at Ceria.
“What Yvlon said the other day. You’re sure she has no levels?”
Ceria shrugged.
“That’s what Cervial said. And Yvlon seemed to know something about her as well.”
“The entire incident was unfortunate.”
“It was her fault.”
“Perhaps, but Yvlon needn’t have challenged her. That wasn’t a fair fight no matter how you look at it.”
That was true. Gerial looked at Sostrom.
“You’re right. I’d forgotten because she won, but since when do the Silver Spears fight civilians?”
“Let alone in armor. Even if it was bravado, Yvlon would have never taken that fight normally. Makes you wonder, don’t it? What Yvlon knew. Or—what her aunt told her.”
Gerial and Ceria exchanged a quick glance.
“Lady Magnolia.”
Sostrom nodded.
“There’s a name that tells you how important she is.”
“Important?”
“Important.”
The human mage nodded again. He scratched at his forehead under his pointy hat. Sostrom was completely bald, and as such wore his mage’s hat whenever possible.
“That object I repaired, her fist-fighting skill. Her lack of levels…it’s enough to interest me, but why a scion of the Five Families? There’s something else to her, mark my words.”
“I hope she doesn’t do anything rash.”
Ceria snorted into her food. Gerial made a face.
“You know what I mean.”
“Just hope she survives. Once we’re done here we can ask her more questions.”
“It could be a while if these ruins are as deep as they seem.”
“She’s a big human. She’ll be fine.”
“Well, since we’re on the topic of secrets…what’s the story behind you and this Pisces character? I thought I saw him last night but you two hardly shared a word.”
“That was intentional. I get a headache whenever I have to talk to that idiot for too long.”
Ceria sighed, but Sostrom frowned.
“You might make fun of him, but he is a graduate of Wistram when all is said and done. And that display with healing Ryoka’s leg was nothing short of phenomenal. I certainly wouldn’t want to test myself against him.”
Gerial blinked at Sostrom. Of the three mages in the Horns of Hammerad he was second-strongest and though he couldn’t cast [Fireballs], Gerial had still grown to appreciate his ability.
“This Pisces is that good of a mage?”
Sostrom nodded seriously.
“I sensed it. He has quite a few levels on me I suspect. Perhaps the same as our Ceria?”
Both men looked over. Ceria scowled and shrugged.
“Maybe. But he’s still an idiot.”
“An idiot from Wistram.”
“He’s not…well, technically he’s a graduate. But some mages wouldn’t consider him one.”
“Wait. You said—”
“He was expelled. But you’re right. He was always at the head of his class whenever he showed up. If he had the money he could have advanced quite highly. But he dropped out about the same time I, uh, ran out of funds.”
“And he was expelled for his experiments. Yes, I recall. But does he have any combat aptitude? We could hire him for the expedition.”
Ceria glanced incredulously up at Gerial.
“I wouldn’t trust that idiot with my back.”
“Aren’t you being a little too harsh?”
“No.”
“But what’s his level? A mage living alone like he is has to have some skills. And a [Necromancer] would be perfect if there’s a large amount of undead in the ruins. Come on Ceria, at least tell us his classes.”
Ceria made a face.
“I—oh, alright. As far as I can remember he has the most levels in the [Necromancer] class, but he knows quite a few [Elementalist] spells too. He was always good at—”
“Excuse me.”
