1.40
Page 6
All three adventurers turned. Gerial and Sostrom blinked as they stared into one very large eye and a slight smile. Ceria dropped her half-eaten skewer of meat.
Gazi Pathseeker smiled politely at the three adventurers and bowed her head slightly.
“Greetings. I hope I’m not interrupting?”
There was a brief moment of assessment that Gerial and Sostrom went through. Their eyes noted the quality of Gazi’s armor. Unlike pedestrians, the brown and rust-red color of her equipment didn’t fool their eyes. Her armor was clearly high-quality and her sword made the two adventurers look twice.
That would have already told them she was Gold-rank or higher. But Gazi wore no armband or markings to indicate her rank. That either meant she was unaffiliated with the Guild or—
Gerial cleared his throat and stood up from his seat. He tried not to stammer.
“Um, pardon me. But you wouldn’t happen to be…?”
“I am Gazi.”
They had never seen her face, but both men had heard her name. Instantly, Sostrom was out of his seat and offering her his while Gazi politely refused. Ceria was still staring.
When Gerial had calmed down slightly he tried to be as accommodating as possible.
“Um, how can we help you Miss, ah—Adventurer Pathseeker?”
She smiled at Gerial. He felt a shock as her eye met his. In his stunned state, Gerial briefly wished Ceria would stop staring and be more respectful.
“You are members of the Horns of Hammerad, aren’t you?”
“Um yes, I mean, that’s correct. We are. All of us.”
“That is good.”
Gazi smiled again. It wasn’t a broad smile—rather, a mysterious small one that fit her perfectly. She nodded.
“I wished to speak with you.”
Gerial and Sostrom were agog.
“With us? You know our names?”
“Is it not appropriate? The Horns of Hammerad are well known in the cities around here.”
That was enough to inflate both men’s chests. Gazi’s eye flicked towards Ceria for a brief moment as she continued speaking.
“I have visited several Human cities to the north. And strangely, come back here chasing rumors. I hoped you could assist me.”
“Anything.”
Gerial breathed the words. The smile he got made his stomach jump.
“I have heard—from several sources—of a most extraordinary human female in this area. A Runner. I believe her name is Ryoka Griffin. A levelless girl who braved the High Passes and survived. A most…interesting person in short. And I am told the Horns of Hammerad are her acquaintances.”
Gerial and Sostrom exchanged a glance. How much of a coincidence could it be? Gerial vaguely noticed Ceria coming to stand next to him.
“We do—we do know that girl! We were in her company only two days ago.”
Gazi’s smile widened.
“Ah. So you know her. Good. Tell me, is she all that people say she is?”
“That, and more.”
Sostrom nodded eagerly. Gerial glared, but the bald mage had beaten him to the punch.
“She—well, I don’t know that she’s levelless, but another adventurer with [Appraisal] says it’s true. And she did survive the High Passes. And she has the favor of Lady Magnolia. And she runs barefoot.”
“Indeed? How fascinating. I should very much like to meet her. You wouldn’t happen to know where she is, by any chance?”
Gerial and Sostrom both opened their mouths but incredibly, it was Ceria who beat both of them.
“We don’t, I’m afraid. She moves around all the time so it’s hard to pin her down.”
Gerial felt something on his foot and looked down. Ceria had stepped on his foot for some reason. And Sostrom’s as well. Why? He glanced at Sostrom and saw the other man was blinking and touching at his head.
