1.40
Page 4
“You’ve never bought spell books, have you? Just one costs several hundred gold or thousands, and that’s for low-Tier spells. I’ve been saving up all this time just to buy one with a Tier 4 spell.”
“But if you leveled up your um, [Mage] class you’d learn those anyways, right?”
“Right, but—it’s complicated. There’s no guarantee which spells I’d learn and besides, I’d need to level up quite a bit. But with a spell book I could study a spell and learn it in a few months.”
“A few months?”
“A month,  a year, two years—so what? If I mastered just one good spell my Level would increase. And then we could take on stronger monsters.”
Gerial shook his head.
“A good thing I was never born with a talent for magic. I don’t have your patience—or your time.”
“Oh, and then what would you buy?”
“Armor. And a good sword. Or maybe just a magic ring.”
Ceria laughed.
“Not too adventurous, are you?”
Gerial smiled as he shook his head, a warrior talking to a mage.
“A good set of magic armor? I’d be able to fight without worrying about some monster clubbing my helmet in every five seconds.”
“I suppose. It just seems like a waste, that’s all.”
“Every bit counts. If I had good armor I could worry about other expenses. But that’s the first step.”
“True enough.”
Money. It was such a simple thing. But it was the bane of an adventurers’ existence. They earned more than skilled workers, but to keep adventuring they needed more. The Guild had its own fees for enrollment, armor repairs and healing potions were expensive, and an injury could leave one out of work for months. It was so hard to earn money.
“A good sword.”
Gerial murmured into his mustache.
“If I had that, I could polish my sword skills. Rank up. Start earning a Gold-rank adventurer’s pay…”
“And then perhaps you’d be able to talk to a certain Runner without needing me to push you, hm?”
Gerial turned red.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Of course you don’t. You human—no, you males. Idiots who fall in love with the first exotic female you see. You and Calruz both.”
Gerial took the ribbing with good humor although he didn’t point out that the first exotic female he’d ever laid eyes on was Ceria. It would have made the half-elf blush and then retreat. He had learned long ago that her heart had been closed long ago to human men.
Nevertheless, he was quite glad when he spotted a familiar face sitting at an outdoor stall, eating pieces of roasted meat off of a skewer.
“Sostrom!”
The mage looked up and grinned around a mouthful of food as Gerial and Ceria sat to join him. They ordered a skewer of their own as the Drake shopkeeper rotated the sticks of meat over a fire.
“I saw you two had already left. The innkeeper—Miss Solstice was sick, so we all took our leaves without breakfast.”
Gerial nodded. He’d had a late breakfast with Ceria, but his appetite returned quickly as he inhaled the scents of roasted animal.
“Have you seen Calruz?”
“Not since last night. Why?”
“He left the inn and he hasn’t slept since last night, I think. You know what he’s like when he’s irritable.”
Sostrom made a face.
“Let the Watch deal with him. I don’t get paid to restrain him when he causes trouble.”
“If he gets arrested before we enter the Ruins—”
“The city will let him go if we pay a fine. And they’ll be happier to let him fight monsters than cause trouble in jail.”
There was truth in that statement, so Gerial let it go.
“So. A strange innkeeper we’ve met.”
“Too true. But it seems we’ve run across more than one strange girl as of late.”
“Ryoka.”
