1.41
Page 7
Erin waited for Toren to regain his balance which earned her a roar of disapproval from Calruz.
“Don’t stop! Press the attack! Your goal is to defeat your enemy. Hurt him. Mercy is a luxury only the strong can afford. Attack until he lies in pieces.”
Again, the words bothered Erin. But she punched anyways. It was easy. So long as Toren just blocked and didn’t jump around she could feint a punch and then kick—
This time her foot kicked one leg out from under the skeleton. He fell to one knee and Erin stepped forwards and punched him in the face. His head twisted sideways. Erin ignored the stinging in her hand and raised it again to knock him down.
She stared down at the empty skull and froze. For a second, she was on the ground staring up at a Goblin Chieftain with a sword in his hands. She smelled burning flesh.
She remembered. She remembered another face. Klbkch. And a pool of green blood. She held him in her arms as he died.
Slowly, Toren righted himself and got to his feet. He stared at Erin—as did Calruz. She couldn’t know that her face had gone deadly white, or that she was suddenly shaking.
“I can’t do this.”
Calruz shook his head.
“You must. You must learn to fight.”
“No.”
Erin shook her head, or was it her entire body that shook. She felt sick. She was close to throwing up.
“I can’t. I’m no warrior.”
Unbidden, the words she’d dreamed of spoke themselves. Her childhood rhyme.
“The king is smart and uses his head. For if he moves, he’ll soon be dead.”
Calruz stared at her.
“What does that mean?”
“It means—it means that whenever I got into trouble before I always got people killed. Or I killed. I nearly died. I can’t do it. Better to just let Toren learn to fight. Teach him instead.”
Erin pointed at Toren. The skeleton nodded, but Calruz shook his head.
“Your king. In times of need even he defends himself, does he not?”
He meant real kings, but it was true of chess as well.
“Only as a last resort.”
“This is the last resort I speak of. Someday, you will surely be alone and without anyone to protect you. Will you die then, or fight?”
Erin didn’t have any good comeback to that. She bowed her head.
“Striking a downed opponent may be wrong.”
There was something in Calruz’s voice that made Erin look up. He didn’t bark his next few words, but spoke more quietly, choosing them carefully.
“Perhaps—yes. There is more honor in you than I thought. Very well. I have little time so I shall simply teach you to fight. If you practice against your creature, you may learn the basics quickly enough.”
He gestured, and Toren raised his guard again.
“The skeleton will block. Simply strike at him. He is dead so it matters little what you do. Forget death and battle for the moment. Simply know the purity of combat.”
That sounded better. Erin nodded and stood straight. She made a fist and Toren blocked.
“That doesn’t mean strike like a pathetic weakling! Hit harder!”
Erin did.
“Ow.”
It wasn’t as if there was any soft part on Toren to hit. Erin punched again and her fist collided with his bony arm.
“Ow.”
After a few minutes Calruz had Erin learn to block. This time Toren attacked, striking her hands and arms hard. But it was easy. Surprisingly easy to see everything coming. Erin’s arms hurt but the skeleton never landed a punch or kick on her. He was probably taking it easy like Calruz, but the Minotaur seemed approving.
“Now—a spar.”
“Can’t we rest instead?”
Erin complained as she rubbed at her arms. She needed a healing potion. She could already feel the bruises.
