1.41
Page 2
“I didn’t see it at first, but there’s definitely something odd about that boulder. It looks too—out of place. See how the grass is flattened around it? And it hasn’t sunk into the earth as it should have over time.”
Gerial frowned as he half-unsheathed his sword.
“I believe you, but my [Dangersense] hasn’t gone off.”
“Not everything trips the [Dangersense]. And if it’s a sneak attack you’d have to be right next to the creature and by that point you’d be dead.”
He blew out his mustache.
“Fair point. Well, how do you want to tackle it? Freezing spells and then we charge in?”
Calruz nodded. He reached for his axe.
“I’ll break its shell.”
“No need.”
To the adventurer’s surprise Erin walked forwards.
“I can totally scare it off.”
Calruz’s face was a statement of incredulity.
“Impossible.”
“Watch me.”
Erin took aim and threw. Her first seed core splattered harmlessly against the Rock Crab’s shell. The second and third did the same, as blue-gray seeds and liquid began trickling down the side of the boulder.
The adventurers were just starting to fidget in place when the Rock Crab suddenly lurched to its feet. They immediately readied their weapons, but the giant crab began scuttling away as Erin threw several more Seed Cores after it. Courtesy of her skill, each one struck the shell until the Rock Crab scuttled over a hilltop and disappeared.
Erin turned, smiling, and saw the Horns of Hammerad staring at her, slack-jawed.
“How did you do that?”
She showed them the seed cores and explained about the strange trees in the orchard she’d found. Ceria frowned at the small cores.
“I think I know what you’re talking about. Can I see one of those ah, seed cores?”
“Here.”
Erin casually tossed a seed core at Ceria. The Half-elf yelped, desperately grabbed the pod and held it gingerly in her hands as if it were a live grenade.
“Tree kissing rot! Don’t do that!”
“Why?”
Ceria’s hand shook as she very carefully held the seed core in her hand.
“I thought it had to be it. Blue fruit—hollow seed pod—this is a core of the Amentus fruit. It’s highly poisonous. Don’t you know that?”
“Um. No.”
Actually, Erin remembered Pisces mentioning it before.
“It’s toxic. Very dangerous stuff. Surely you realized consuming it was bad?”
“Well it smells so terrible that I never tried.”
“Here.”
Ceria gingerly handed the core back to Erin and watched it as she put it in the basket.
“It’s fine if you don’t break them, but don’t let any of the liquid get on your skin.”
“Why?”
“You could get sick. Not too badly, but it’s possible even touching the liquid could poison you mildly.”
Erin thought back to the time when she’s started throwing up randomly.
“Oh.”
“It’s not as if you’d die instantly. But ingest enough of the liquid or the seeds and you’d be dead within the day.”
“Ooh. That would explain why I got sick one time. I accidentally squished a seed pod while I was making blue juice.”
Ceria’s eyes bulged.
“We’ve been drinking that? Are you insane?”
“Just the outer part!”
Erin hurried to reassure Ceria. The Half-elf looked pale, but after a while she accepted that Erin probably hadn’t poisoned them.
Gerial frowned at the seed cores in Erin’s basket, confused.
“That explains why the crab ran off. But why is it afraid of a tiny bit of poison? It’s a lot bigger than we are.”
“It must not have strong resistance to poison. Either that or it has no way to reduce the buildup of toxins like we do. Those crab-creatures might carry the sickness within them for the rest of their lives if they’re not careful.”
