1.41
Page 9
She stared at her hand. She’d opened up the skin on her knuckles and she was bleeding. But she’d felt it. She’d hit Toren harder than she’d ever hit—or done—anything in her life. She’d felt it.
Erin stared around. She wanted to know if that was what Calruz was talking about. She looked at the Minotaur. He was gaping at her, mouth wide open, eyes bulging.
After a few moments Calruz closed his mouth. He stared at Toren and then at Erin. He cleared his throat a few times, and then looked at Erin.
“…Can you do that again?”
 
—-
 
“Take a good look at this.”
Gerial whistled and beckoned to Ceria. She broke off her conversation with Yvlon and both women walked over to see what was so interesting.
Cervial held up a massive crossbow, sleek black metal and pointed death. It wasn’t currently loaded of course, but just by looking the two adventurers could see how much power it had.
“What kind of weapon is that, Cervial?”
He grinned at Yvlon and held it out to her. She accepted it carefully and stared curiously at the device.
“A crossbow. Made by Dwarves. It’s like a bow, but one that you can load and wait until you need to shoot. This one’s a piece of art.”
“Beautiful.”
Gerial took the bow from Yvlon as Ceria rolled her eyes. She wasn’t as impressed as the other two humans, but listened readily enough as Cervial extolled the virtues of the device.
“It cost nearly every gold piece we had, but it was worth it. We cracked the armor of a Stone Golem with one shot and we’ve brought down more shielded enemies than I can count with this.”
“And this is your trump card for the expedition?”
“We might be at a disadvantage if we run into tight corridors, but with this we’ll be able to pull our weight.”
“Well, we’re all set here. We’ve got a battle plan worked out and my team and The Horns of Hammerad are set. Lir says his folks have enough mana potions. The only group not accounted for is Gerald’s. Where is he?”
Cervial grinned.
“Gerald is busy going through the last adventurers clamoring to join the expedition. He says he’ll probably turn them all down, but you never know who’ll turn up.”
Gerial reluctantly handed the crossbow back to Cervial. He could easily imagine the Horns of Hammerad with every member holding one of the deadly weapons. Well—everyone except Calruz and Ceria.
“Did we find anyone useful?”
“Some.”
Yvlon shrugged and counted off on her gauntleted fingers.
“A few mages, a Silver-rank with sword and shield…not too many, but better than nothing. I asked the mage you told me about Gerial, but he turned me down.”
Ceria glared at Gerial while he studiously looked the other way.
“It was ah, just a thought. We could use all the help we can get.”
Cervial shrugged. He carefully began unstringing the black crossbow.
“No use fretting about one or two swords now. We’re five adventuring teams. Counting the extras we’re over forty people strong and all of us are Silver-rank. If there’s a Gold-rank team better than this I’d love to see it.”
Gerial nodded. He glanced covetously at the crossbow as Cervial went to store it in a case, and then looked up. Both Yvlon and Ceria glanced up as well.
They were in the Adventurer’s Guild, sitting by themselves at a table. But someone had walked over. A Drake. He seemed…young, at least as far as they could tell. His scales were a lighter shade of blue than most, and he was smiling. At least, it looked like a smile. Just one with a lot of teeth.
“Um. Excuse me? I heard you were the team going into the ruins. Would you mind if I joined your group?”
