1.41
Page 5
Erin nodded. She raised her fist and then hesitated again.
“You’re sure I can hit you?”
Calruz snorted impatiently.
“If you can injure me I will hang up my axe and cease living as a warrior this instant.”
“Fine then. You asked for it!”
Erin clenched her hand tightly. She breathed in and out quickly a few times, trying to psyche herself up. Somehow, even though Calruz was just standing in the grass outside of her inn he suddenly looked huge—that was, even taller than he already was.
Three hundred pounds and closer to seven feet than six of solid Minotaur loomed over Erin. She took a deep breath and attacked.
“Hiyah!”
Erin tried to punch hard and fast. Her fist struck Calruz in his stomach and she yelped.
“Ow!”
His abs were like stone.
“Try again.”
Erin did. Her fist bounced off of Calrus’s stomach.
“Ow! Why do I feel like I’m hurting myself more than you?”
“Your form is terrible.”
“Thanks.”
“It is not a compliment.”
Calruz sighed.
“Do you not even know how to punch properly?”
Erin stared at him.
“Is there a way to punch right? Don’t you just make a fist and—”
She punched at the air and then saw Calruz’s expression.
“Well I don’t know! I’ve never been in a fight before I came here!”
This time it was Calruz’s turn to eye Erin.
“Never?”
“Never.”
“What about your creature? Surely it knows how to do battle.”
Calruz pointed at Toren, who was silently watching him teach Erin. The skeleton made a fist. It looked okay to Erin, but Calruz took one look and shook his head.
“That neither you nor your—pet know how to defend themselves is a shame. Were you never taught how to fight?”
The Minotaur looked both surprised and disgruntled. He shook his head unhappily.
“I see I have much to teach you. Starting with how to strike.”
“What about your skill? That [Hammer Blow] attack was amazing! How about you teach me how to do that?”
“Someone who cannot even punch properly would never learn a skill.”
That made sense, but Erin had more questions. She hadn’t really been able to ask Calruz yesterday, what with having to cook dinner.
“Okay, your skill is super-advanced. But how do you do it? I mean, is it magic?”
Calruz snorted.
“I am no mage. That was a Skill. It allows me to transcend my hardest strike and turn it into something even stronger.”
“Yeah…I still don’t get it.”
Erin pointed at Calruz’s axe.
“If you swing that thing as hard as you can, how can you somehow hit harder than your hardest hit? Um. What I meant was—”
“It is the act of exceeding one’s limits.”
Calruz tapped the handle of the axe on his back. Toren had barely managed to get it out of the ground, but the Minotaur swung it around easily.
“There is art in this. My kind practices little magic. We are not ‘gifted’ enough to study spells as other races do.”
He snorted dismissively.
“But we are not weak. We understand war and battle. And this—we understand the flow of combat. To learn and use such skills, you must forget your frailties and strike with heart.”
“That sounds deep. Like a martial art.”
“Is that a kind of fighting Humans practice?”
“Yeah. It’s sort of like…um…a way to fight with your hands? You kick and punch in special ways.”
Erin tried to demonstrate a karate chop. Calruz actually seemed interested, although he winced as he watched her.
“I know a human who fights with her fists. She is…skilled. But wild. And she does not understand. She fights with cunning and grace, but she only fights at her limit. She does not think she can go further. Thus—she never will.”
He stared off into the distance.
“She lacks vision. I will make her understand that.”
