1.41
Page 0

“Fire! Put out the fire!”
Of all the ways to wake up, hearing that shouted from below still beat being stabbed in the chest. But the Horns of Hammerad were still out of bed and racing downstairs within seconds of hearing it.
A cloud of black smoke billowed out of the kitchen as Erin stumbled out, hacking and coughing. Toren followed her, holding a smoking, flaming pan. He charged outside and the Horns of Hammerad saw him hurl the pan to the ground and begin stomping on whatever had been inside.
The smoke began to clear a bit, but it still stung the eyes. The smell of burnt grease and charcoal lingered unpleasantly in the air.
Erin stared up at the adventurers staring down at her from the staircase. She grinned weakly and waved.
“Oh. Hi. Um. Anyone want pancakes?”
 
—-
 
Much to Erin’s surprise, the Horns of Hammerad actually knew what pancakes were. Apparently, pancakes weren’t a product of the modern age and so she served several heaping plates to her guests until they were all full.
Pancakes were fun. Pancakes were easy to make. Erin could let Toren stir the batter together while she cooked them on a pan over the fire. She used a spatula and oiled her pan well to get the pancakes to stop sticking. She’d tried flipping it like chefs did on TV, but she stopped after the pancakes kept landing on Toren and the fire.
She joined them for the last bit of the meal once she’d reached a critical mass of pancake. Erin munched on her food as the adventurers ate their way back into the waking world.
“What was all that about?”
Erin looked at the bald mage and tried to remember his name. Soulstorm? It was something like that.
“Oh, uh, I was trying to teach him how to cook.”
Erin pointed to Toren as the skeleton walked into the room with a pitcher of milk. She accepted a refill of the glass as the other adventurers stared at her.
“What? I thought it would be easy. Fun fact: it’s not.”
“A skeleton…cooking?”
“Well, he already does all the other chores. If he could do stuff like make eggs, stir soup and flip pancakes it’d make my life even easier. But uh, skeletons don’t really understand the difference between ‘cooked’ and ‘burned’.”
Gerial exchanged a glance with a female mage and shook his head. But Ceria looked intrigued.
“It’s not a bad idea. I’m still not sure what Pisces was thinking giving you only one skeleton as a guard, but I suppose that’s all your mana supply could take.”
Erin froze, fork stuck in her food.
“My what? I don’t have any magic. I mean, I can’t use magic.”
Ceria frowned at Erin.
“Really? Who told you that?”
“Pisces.”
“Ah. But I wasn’t talking about spellcasting. I just meant your internal mana supply.”
Ceria looked around and saw blank faces around her, except for the other two mages.
“Oh come on. You all know you have magic inside of you, right?”
Gerial looked down at his stomach, bemused.
“We do?”
“Of course. Magic is part of us. It’s in the air we breathe, the food we eat—we all have our own supply of mana, however small. My kind has a great deal of internal magic we generate simply by existing so we make good mages. Humans on the other hand—”
She shrugged and bit into a piece of pancake. She chewed and spoke around her food.
“Not as much. But exceptions exist and they make good mages. But even if you don’t cast spells you have some mana in you. Enough to sustain basic spells or supply a summoned creature with enough magic to survive if it can’t by itself.”
“So I have magic? In me? Does that mean if Toren wasn’t here I’d—be able to cast spells?”
Ceria paused and shook her head sympathetically.
