1.41
Page 4
“It’s just that in Human cities adventuring is a lot more regulated.”
Ceria leaned over the counter and smiled at Selys.
“We don’t want to cause any trouble, being outsiders and all.”
Selys smiled at Ceria, her eyes flicking to the half-Elf’s pointed ears.
“Well, I appreciate that. Most of your Humans—er, the Humans we get don’t obey many of our laws. If you could clear out those Ruins so they all go away I think the city would throw you a celebration.”
“Something to look forwards to. We’re heading in tomorrow. So just to clarify—there’s nothing we need to do?”
Selys waved one hand.
“You’re fine. Go in whenever you like—just don’t bring any trouble out with you. The Watch is busy enough as it is.”
She turned to call for the next adventurer when another Drake walked over and put a hand on Selys’ shoulder. The other Drake murmured in Selys’ ear. She called out to Gerial and Ceria as they were about to leave.
“Wait! You two!”
They turned. Selys flashed them another smile.
“Sorry, but you’re from the north, aren’t you? There’s an annoying Human messenger in the city and he keeps bothering people.”
“Oh?”
Intrigued, Gerial and Ceria returned to the counter. Gossip and rumor were the lifeblood of an adventurer, and they were always curious about politics even in cities like Liscor.
“Apparently he’s come representing some flower. No—oh! I see. A Lady Magnolia. That makes more sense.”
“Lady Magnolia?”
“Yeah, something like that. He wants to talk to someone important. Well, we have a Council but they’re not going to listen to every Human noble who comes calling. But he’s persistent and he won’t go away. Is this Magnolia that important?”
“Very! She’s one of the Five Families!”
“The what?”
“You haven’t heard of them?”
Selys rolled her eyes and twitched her tail in annoyance.
“If I had I wouldn’t be asking. Who are they?”
“The Reinharts, Veltras, Terland, Wellfar and El families were the first humans to ever settle on this continent. They were aristocracy – related to kings from the continent Terandria. They’re still very rich and influential today.”
The female Drake frowned.
“El? What kind of name is that? You Humans and your strange names.”
She shook her head and continued.
“Okay, I suppose that means she’s important? Would you say she’s like the mayor of a village?”
“She would outrank the ruler of a city. The Reinharts have so many connections that if they declared war, half a dozen cities would march their armies at their command!”
Selys’ tail stopped moving. The receptionist next to her flicked out her tongue once.
“Um. Really?”
Ceria and Gerial both nodded seriously, as did the other Humans in earshot.
“The other four families have various scions with degrees of power, but as far as the Reinharts are concerned, Lady Magnolia rules the entire house. She’s wealthy, powerful, and probably one of the ten most important individuals in the continent.”
“Er. You mean in the north, right?”
“Anywhere.”
Selys exchanged a look with the other Drake. The other Drake’s bright orange scales and her green scales had lost a bit of their color.
“Um. Well. Thank you. We’ll—we’ll do something about that.”
The other receptionist practically sprinted out of the building. Selys stared at her back and then shook her head. She stared at the heaving room of mostly humanity and sighed. Then she raised her voice.
“Next!”
 
—-
 
Erin made a fist with her hands. She raised it and prepared to punch. Then she hesitated.
“Aren’t you going to block?”
Calruz shook his head.
“Give me your strongest punch. I wish to feel it.”
