1.42
Page 11
Skinner swiped at Relc, and caught him on the leg with open palm. Relc roared and stabbed down with his spear, and Skinner let go just as quickly. The Drake staggered backwards, and Zevara saw part of the scales on his leg had been stripped away.
Relc roared and stabbed and cut at Skinner’s arm, but the monster brought his limb out of harm’s way.
Again, Skinner fixed Relc with his crimson gaze. But though Zevara saw Relc shudder, he gritted his teeth and fought through the magic affecting him. He raised his spear and dashed towards Skinner, cutting and stabbing as he ran across the monster’s side.
Chunks of flesh sloughed to the ground as Skinner swung his hands at Relc. The Drake dodged away, keeping too close to Skinner’s body to be caught. The massive undead suddenly rolled and Relc had to dodge away before being squashed.
“You bastard!”
Relc ran through the undead, stabbing and knocking them aside like flies. The zombies and skeletons weren’t able to even slow him down, and the ghouls he neatly dispatched with a spear strike to the neck or head.
Suddenly free of Skinner’s gaze, the guardsmen around Zevara turned and formed another line. The Drake Captain found another sword and sliced a zombie apart as Relc blurred towards them.
Faster, stronger, and unaffected by fear. That was Relc, Senior Guardsman, the strongest guard in the city. Perhaps the world. A Level 33 [Spearmaster].
He paused in front of Zevara, panting. She saw red blood running from his leg and grabbed a healing potion from her belt.
“Here!”
“Thanks.”
He nodded and smashed the bottle against his leg. The purple liquid ran into the gaping wound and he sighed.
“Damn. This isn’t good.”
“Do you know what that thing is?”
Zevara pointed to Skinner as the monster slowly rolled back upright, the undead around him forming a living wall. Relc shook his head.
“Something ugly? But it’s strong. All that dead flesh is like armor. I need to slice it away to get at what’s underneath. But one touch of those hands—”
“Can you kill it?”
Relc paused, and then grinned at Zevara.
“I can. Maybe. Probably. But give me some of those Antinium just to be safe.”
“The Antinium? Why—”
Relc pointed. Ksmvr was slicing apart zombies as the four Soldiers still alive covered his back. Even as Skinner rolled back upright and stared at Ksmvr, he kept fighting, undeterred by the crimson stare.
“The Ants are immune to whatever he’s doing. So am I?”
“Why’s that?”
Relc grinned and tapped his head with one claw.
“[Indomitable Will]. Anyone without a similar Skill should fall back. This thing—it’s projecting fear.”
“I got that. Can you take it out with just them?”
“I can try. But give me more archers and mages to get rid of the undead. I can’t have them on my back and that thing.”
“Just stop it for now while I call a retreat. We’ll set up another street and give you a chance—”
Zevara stopped and Relc turned. Skinner was moving. The giant creature stared hard at Relc as the Drake raised his spear. But suddenly, Skinner turned. He pulled himself around and began moving back through the crowd of undead.
Relc crowed as Skinner pulled himself away. He twirled his spear and broke a skeleton’s skull with the butt end as he shouted at Skinner.
“Yeah, that’s right! Run! Run! Finally met someone with too many scales for ya, huh? Run away and…wait a second.”
Relc blinked. Skinner was leaving. Not just retreating; he was pulling himself back out the gates while a wall of undead protected his ‘back’.
“It’s…leaving?”
Zevara stared at Skinner in confusion. Why was he going?
“He must sense you’re a threat.”
