1.42
Page 8
No response. Erin didn’t hear the clicking of bones on floorboards. She stared around. He’d left the knife on the table. Had he gone out to fetch water?
Erin stared around the dark inn. He could at least have lit the lanterns. Or a candle. It was so dark—the only light came from the moon.
Where was he? And why—
Why was Erin feeling that same warning in her head again?
She spun around. Nothing. The grass shone in the moonlight from the open door. Erin relaxed. But then a prickling feeling ran down her spine.
She’d walked through the open door. But Toren always closed the door behind him. And if he hadn’t opened the door—
Who had?
“Hello?”
Erin backed up towards the door. Something moved in the shadows and shut it. She spun around, fists raised, and then relaxed.
“Oh. Pawn. It’s just you.”
The Antinium stood in the doorway, nearly invisible in the light. Erin frowned. Then she took another step back.
“Wait a second.”
The Antinium had four arms. And two legs. Pawn—Pawn didn’t have all his limbs anymore. But Workers weren’t allowed to leave the city unattended, and this Antinium didn’t have swords.
“Who…are you?”
He was familiar. At least, he seemed familiar, but he definitely wasn’t Pawn or Ksmvr. The Worker—if that was what he was—shuddered. He shook slightly, and then stepped suddenly towards Erin. She backed up quickly.
“H-hello? Can you hear me? Who are you? What do you want?”
The Worker’s head twitched suddenly. Erin jerked back and his voice came out, quivering with emotion.
“i aM AnTiNium. i haVe a NaMe.”
Erin backed up even further. That wasn’t what a Worker normally sounded like. The one in front of her was speaking rapidly, his voice surging and falling. He sounded—
Insane.
“You have a name? Um. Good. That’s good, right?”
He stared at her.
“I Am iNdivIDuAL. BuT i reJECT. I rejEcT aLL.”
“Reject? Reject what?”
He pointed at her with two arms.
“YOu. ThiS is yOuR FAulT.”
“Me? What did I do?”
The Worker raised his hand and a sword shone in the moonlight. He walked towards Erin, still speaking.
“YOU DiD ThiS To me. yOu mAde Me THis waY. For yOU I did tHis. bUT alL iS SuffERIng.”
Erin backed up, speaking fast. She tried to sense where her frying pan and jar of acid were, but it was impossible in the darkness.
“What did I do? I don’t remember—”
“yOU knoW.”
“Please—”
Erin took another step back and suddenly tripped over a chair. She sprawled to the ground and desperately tried to get up. But the Worker was too fast. He loomed over her, sword raised.
Erin kicked up at his groin, but the Antinium caught her leg. He pinned her down with three arms and held the last one with its tip pointed at her face. Erin tried to scream, to shout. But her breath was gone. She stared at the gleaming blade as the Worker shuddered and stared at her.
“diE.”
The sword flashed towards her eye. Erin screamed—
And another Antinium seized the first and threw him off Erin. She gasped as the sword fell to the ground and rolled away as the two Antinium crashed into chairs, fighting, punching and kicking in the darkness.
Erin scrambled away and struck a table. She ran to a shuttered window and threw it open. The moonlight illuminated the room just in time for her to see one of the two Workers mount the other. The Antinium seized his struggling opponent’s head and twisted with all four arms.
The neck broke. The Worker lay still. The other Worker stood up and stared at Erin.
She held the frying pan and jar of acid in shaking hands.
“Stay back! I’m warning you!”
The Worker walked towards Erin. She raised the frying pan and he stopped. The Worker raised all four arms.
