1.42
Page 10
She tried to raise her sword to slash at it, but her arm refused to move. Zevara had fought countless monsters, had faced death and come close to it several times. But the terror that Skinner projected dwarfed anything she had ever felt before.
Zevara retreated, trembling, as Skinner’s hand swept around and grabbed a struggling guardsman. The female Gnoll had only a moment to howl in fear and agony before she was dead.
All around Zevara, guardsmen were retreating or dying. The undead flooded through the gates around Skinner, slaughtering the helpless warriors. Only the Antinium fought on, Ksmvr and the five remaining Soldiers blockading one street, but even they were falling back. No one could fight Skinner, and every time one of his hands swung down, someone died.
Zevara prayed they died. To live without skin—she hoped they died instantly, rather than imagine there was still life in the silent piles of bones and intestines and skin that lay on the ground.
Skinner grinned at her. His folds of thick white skin grinned at her too, the faces of the dead stretched to canvas his body.
She had to run. Zevara felt it in her bones, in the marrow. But she was Captain of the Watch. She couldn’t run. She had to fight. But her body wasn’t listening to her mind.
Skinner loomed over her. He tossed what remained of the Gnoll to the ground and raised his hand towards Zevara. She dove out of the way, dropping her sword, and the palm smashed into the ground next to her.
The impact knocked the Drake sideways, but she scrambled away. The red spots. It was the red spots on Skinner’s hand. Touch those, and your skin would be peeled away. She had to keep her distance. She had to run—
Too late, Zevara saw the other hand circling around. She was running right into it. She tried to stop, but it was too late. Skinner closed his hand around Zevara’s scales—
“Relc attack!”
Something blurred past Zevara and stabbed into the hand. Dead skin fell around spear tip as a green Drake grabbed both spear and Zevara and ran nimbly past Skinner. Zevara gaped as Relc, Senior Guardsmen of the Watch grinned toothily at her and twirled the spear.
“Heya Captain! Mind if I take this one on?”
“Relc!”
It was a warning. Relc turned his head and both he and Zevara hit the ground as Skinner swiped at them. His hand smashed into a wooden building instead and shook the foundations. Skinner stared at both Drakes and Zevara felt her scales growing cold with fear. But Relc just shook himself and bared his sharp teeth.
“Well, isn’t this fun? Back up, Captain. I’m going to need some room for this.”
So saying, Relc jumped and rolled, running back into the melee towards Skinner. A zombie popped up on his right side, but Relc raised his spear and ran the undead human through. He kicked the zombie’s corpse off his blade into a skeleton, punched a ghoul to the ground, and looked up as Skinner’s other hand swept towards him.
Relc raised his spear and met the hand as it flew at him. His spear’s tip stabbed rapidly into the open red sores in Skinner’s hand. The monster jerked, and for the first time Zevara thought she heard a sound come from the creature’s mouth.
No—not the mouth. It came from inside Skinner, a high-pitched shriek that echoed across the city.
It was deafeningly loud, but barely within Zevara’s auditory range. She clapped her hands to her ears and Relc staggered back, doing the same.
