1.42
Page 0

Erin sat in her inn, staring at the table. She didn’t have anything better to do. Normally she served customers, chatted, or played chess, but she couldn’t today.
They were all gone. Pawn had left for the city with the other Workers, promising to come back tomorrow.
He—still couldn’t move right. But the other Workers helped him walk and move and—
“Something’s different about him.”
Toren looked up from his table at Erin. He paused, waiting for an instruction and then went back to scrubbing.
“I mean, he seems different. He acts different. More confident, y’know?”
Toren carefully picked up a small beetle that had wandered into the building and squished it between his fingers.
“Ew! Don’t do that! Just get rid of them outside!”
Obediently, the skeleton walked out the door. Erin tried not to let her stomach remember the sight of the orange insides of the insect oozing—
“Not many bugs around. But it’s winter. Apparently.”
It wasn’t very cold. Toren opened the door and walked back in, fingers clean, but Erin barely shivered.
“Am I near the equator?”
The skeleton shrugged at her. At least that was something. He generally didn’t respond to questions aimed at him, but he was far more useful than he had been.
Erin leaned over the table. She had no one else to talk to and at least Toren looked confused when she spoke, which was better than nothing.
“It was the chess. Pawn was totally on the offense this morning! Did you notice that? He was better—I mean, he’s still learning, but he’s taking chances. I can’t wait to see what happens if he and Rags play a game. It’s like he had a massive confidence boost or something. Do you think it was what happened with Ksmvr?”
Toren stared at Erin and then picked up the rag and dipped it into the bucket. Erin sighed. She leaned back on her chair, wondering how much it would hurt if she fell over. It would hurt more if Toren dove to catch her like he had twice before. Landing on floorboards? Ouch. Landing on bony skeleton bits? Double ouch.
Erin closed her eyes, and then her eyes opened wide. She lost her balance and tipped forwards, smacking her face on the table. But she didn’t even process that.
An alarm. It sounded—no, it felt like a tornado warning siren blasting in her head at full volume. But that wasn’t sound, it was the feeling, a high-pitched whine that told her she was in danger.
Erin looked around. Toren stared at her, holding the dripping rag in one hand. Erin knocked her chair over as she ran into the kitchen and grabbed the frying pan and a jar of acid. Toren looked up and dropped the rag when he saw Erin was armed.
“Something’s out there.”
He immediately dashed into the kitchen and came out with the sword he’d taken from one of the adventurers. Erin knelt next to one of the tables, heart beating out of her chest. The alarm was still going off in her head, and she felt scared.
Toren was behind her. He lifted the sword as he peered around the inn. He stared at Erin expectantly and pointed to the door.
“I don’t know where it is. But there’s something. Something bad.”
It didn’t sound like something was outside. Erin opened the door cautiously and peered out. She gestured, and Toren ran upstairs and returned in a few moments, shaking his head. She looked out her windows, and then threw caution to the wind.
She ran outside, standing at the top of the hill, staring around at the grasslands. Nothing. She ran around the other side of the inn and stared in the other direction. Then she had Toren boost her up and stared from the top of the roof.
