1.42
Page 6
The Soldiers ran forwards instantly. They pushed aside the surprised guardsmen and civilians and crashed into the undead in a black wave of their own.
A ghoul lunged at the first of the Soldier Antinium. The huge ant man grabbed the undead woman and held her shoulders with two of his hands. The other two punched downwards.
As Erin had seen, the hands of the Soldiers were more like spades or weapons than actual digits. They pummeled the ghoul, breaking bones, stabbing through flesh with ease. The Soldier held the ghoul down, pounding it into paste. When it was done it stood up and grabbed a zombie and ripped its head off.
A skeleton stabbed the soldier Antinium in the back. It didn’t stagger as the blade buried and stuck in its carapace. It swung around and began ripping the skeleton apart.
Ksmvr watched the Soldiers fighting as the Drakes, Gnolls, and few humans staggered back, suddenly reprieved from battle. He nodded to Zevara as she stalked over to him.
“Watch-Captain Zevara. It is good to see you alive.”
Zevara was in no mood to exchange pleasantries.
“Where the hell were you? And where are the other Soldiers? I don’t need fifteen of them, I need every single one in your hive! Bring them out!”
Ksmvr calmly replied to Zevara as he kept one eye on the battle.
“As this is not a period of war or crises as declared by the Council, I must decline your request. The maximum number of soldiers the Watch Captain is allowed to command is fifty Soldier Antinium and a hundred Workers in a time of crisis.”
“That is exactly what’s happening! Or do you not see the undead? Bring the Soldiers, and all the Workers then! We need barricades, fortifications—”
“I regret to say that is impossible at the moment. I have brought fifteen Soldiers. That is all that can be spared at the moment.”
Zevara gaped at Ksmvr. She opened her mouth and smoke plumed outwards as she shouted at him in fury.
“Why by all the broken eggs—”
Again, Ksmvr cut Zevara off calmly.
“The Soldiers guard the entrance to the Hive and the surrounding streets. We will let nothing disturb our Queen. She is in the middle of a critical process. She is hours—less perhaps—to completion.”
“Your Queen can take her damned ritual or whatever it is and shove it—”
Zevara cut herself off as the blades in Ksmvr’s hands twitched. Half of the guardsmen near her raised their weapons but their Captain waved them away. She eyed Ksmvr and tried to modulate her tone slightly.
“This is a state of emergency. If we can’t push the undead back soon, they will overrun this place. Your Soldiers can buy us some time, but there’s not enough. We need all fifty and soon. More than that. We need all of them! Talk to your Queen. Tell her we need help!”
“I regret that is impossible. The Queen must not be disturbed at this moment. I am sorry.”
Flames trickled from Zevara’s mouth as she opened it in rage. Ksmvr held up one hand.
“As soon as our Queen finishes the Rite of Anastases we will fully cooperate in defense of the city.”
There was no use arguing with the Antinium, so despite the building heat behind Zevara’s eyes, in her heart…and her lungs, she bit off her reply.
“The Workers, then. We could use them. Not just for building. If they can fight—”
“They are unable to be summoned as well.”
“Why?”
For the first time, Ksmvr visibly hesitated. He clicked his mandibles together and stared at the battle. Already the Soldiers had pushed the undead back the street, and two were attacking a Crypt Lord as he spat black blood on them.
