1.42
Page 1
After a while Erin jumped down and Toren collapsed as he tried to catch her.
“Ow! Get out of the way next time!”
He helped her up and Erin stared around the empty grasslands. Nothing. The sun was still lowering in the sky, and it wasn’t even night yet. She couldn’t see anything. But she had felt it, with a certainty that didn’t go away.
“What was that, then?”
For ten more minutes Erin walked around, listening hard, eyes scanning the horizon. But she couldn’t see anything. And being out in the open was starting to bother her more than anything else.
Perhaps—perhaps it was a false alarm? Or whatever was happening was far away. Like…
“Maybe someone dropped a nuke? Or a magical nuke?”
Erin shook her head as Toren stared at her. No good.
“It might be nothing. Just—keep an eye out, okay?”
He nodded. Erin sighed and shook her head. She went back into her inn. But she kept the frying pan, the jar of acid, and one of the kitchen knives on the table.
Just in case.
 
—-
 
The dead poured out of the ruins, howling. They ran through the grass, the evening sun at their backs. They ran towards the city, arms outstretched, eyes glowing as they hunted for the living. To add them to their ranks.
The small shantytown that had sprung up around the ruins was gone. Broken timber and dead bodies were all that remained of the adventurers and merchants that had lived there. They had been cut down trying to flee in the first few minutes of the attack.
So many dead. Hundreds, all moving as one. This wasn’t just a horde of random undead monsters that had come together, or even a group under control of a Lich or Crypt Lord. This was an invasion, led by a single creature.
The dead ran towards Liscor even as the gates began to close. But they halted as the guards manning the gates suddenly threw down their weapons and ran, screaming. Something had touched them. Something invisible.
Skinner’s eyes shifted away from the gates and Rags ducked down and pulled the Goblin next to her into the grass. She and her followers flattened themselves into the earth, making themselves as small as possible.
Fear touched them, making their hearts pound wildly. It was a familiar thing. The Goblins peeked out of the grass while Rags whisper-shouted insults at them and made them keep their heads down.
Only after a few minutes did they dare look again. Far below, the creature known as Skinner had focused its attention back on the city. The undead were already pouring through the gates, and they could hear screaming even from this distance.
From their hilltop the group of armed Goblins watched the carnage. Rags touched the sheathed short sword at her side, but only to make sure it was there. She had no intention of moving from this spot.
Skinner was moving slowly. He had to pull himself through the grass, while even the Crypt Lords outpaced him. But he was the most dangerous thing down there by far, Rags was sure.
She saw the twisted, grotesque thing made of dead flesh twist its head towards her again and immediately crouched to hide in the grass. The Goblins around her shivered and held their weapons more firmly. Rags shook her head as she watched Skinner slowly drag himself towards the city.
It was intelligent. And it was deadly. She knew it in her bones. But more deadly than the city full of Drakes and Gnolls? She sat on the hill and watched as death poured into Liscor. Watching. Waiting.
Calculating.
After a few minutes, her belly rumbled.
 
—-
 
“Hm. Rags should be here by now.”
