1.42
Page 4
“Ah. Hello to you, receptionist. Don’t wait to thank me for saving your life.”
Pisces gave Selys a mocking bow and then turned. He pointed, and two more zombies and a skeleton fell to the ground, necks broken.
Krshia bared her teeth as she hammered her zombie’s head into the cobblestones, breaking its bones until what she held wasn’t so much a head as bits of one.
She stood up as Zevara beheaded her opponent. The Drake turned to Pisces as Selys backed away from him. He raised his hands protectively, and a wall of wind swirled around him.
“I mean you no harm. And this wasn’t my fault! I was in the city all day, and I knew nothing of this—this event.”
The Drake eyed him. She shook her head and shouted to the guardsmen as they wavered, trying to form their line.
Another group of eight armed Drakes ran into the street. They rushed into battle with a roar as Pisces pointed and another zombie that had gotten past fell down, dead.
“Believe me, ah, Captain. I would never jeopardize my good standing with your city. In fact, I am helping to prove my innocence. I—”
“I believe you.”
Pisces blinked. So did Selys. Krshia was firing into the crowd of the dead already.
“We have countless witnesses who saw the undead emerge from the ruins. Besides, I doubt a [Necromancer] of your level could reanimate more than five bodies, let alone a horde like this.”
Pisces scowled.
“I—”
He hesitated and glanced at Zevara.
“Um, that is correct. But this is rather inconvenient, is it not?”
She glared at him.
“Are all you humans as damn crazy as this? Liscor is under attack!”
He shrugged.
“They’re just the undead. Quite easy to subdue. I have every confidence your Watch will safeguard innocent civilians like myself.”
He turned.
“If you’ll excuse me—”
“Oh no you don’t!”
Selys stomped on the hem of Pisces’s robe and the mage stumbled. His arms wind milled frantically as he tried to keep his balance. He turned and glared at Selys, but she advanced on him, tail thrashing.
“You stay here and help! If this wasn’t your fault, then help us!”
Pisces hesitated. Zevara hesitated. She didn’t like the mage, but she needed all the help she could get.
“Can do you do that neck-snapping thing many times?”
He sniffed and clicked his fingers. Three skeletons fell down like dolls that had their strings cut.
“It’s spine snapping, and I have ample mana reserve. I suppose if it means exonerating myself…”
“Good. Do it!”
The Crypt Lord finally fell to the ground, splashing those nearby with toxic blood. Zevara cursed as those hit cried out and retreated to be cured. She ran towards the line of guardsmen, already shouting. Selys stared at Pisces, finger raised. He raised his hands.
“I understand. I will help. Stay here and ah, try not to put an arrow in my back.”
She spluttered, but Pisces was already striding forwards. He kept a safe distance between the struggling fighters and the dead as he stared at the masses of the undead running through the streets.
“I assume I will be remunerated appropriately for this?”
Zevara turned her head and snarled at Pisces.
“Kill these things and I’ll give you a medal. Now start casting or I’ll slice your damn hands off!”
Pisces sniffed and conjured a flaming sphere into existence. He aimed it at a crowd of the dead as they surged down the street.
“I prefer gold, myself.”
He threw the orb, and fire consumed the dead bodies.
 
—-
 
“Something is wrong.”
Toren looked up from the floorboards. He was using an old knife to lever up bits of food from between the floorboards. Erin stared out the window.
“Can’t you feel it? Something is wrong.”
