1.42
Page 2
Erin checked the position of the sun in the sky, shading her eyes as Toren laid out plates and utensils. Well, one utensil to be specific. All Goblins needed was a fork, and that was only because Erin insisted.
She’d cooked a fine meal of pasta and sausage, or perhaps it was sausage and pasta. Goblins liked meat, so she’d made the pot mostly that, with some spiral noodles thrown in just to add color.
Erin hesitated. The food was warm, but she didn’t want to eat alone—or with Toren as the case may be. She could wait. Besides, Rags and her crew never missed a meal. They were probably running from Rock Crabs, or attacking helpless travelers. She should really talk to them about that.
Still. Erin glanced towards the window. It would be night in an hour or less. And the Goblins quite sensibly hated travelling at night.
“Do you think she forgot?”
Toren shrugged. He raised his head and stared in the direction of Liscor. He felt…something. A voice? A calling. But it was faint. He shrugged and continued setting the table. But Erin’s earlier warning combined with this decided the skeleton. She was right.
Something was out there.
 
—-
 
“Close the gates!”
The streets of Liscor were filled with the dead. Civilians screamed and fled or barricaded themselves in their homes as zombies, skeletons and other lurching forms ran through the streets. But they ran up against a wall of blades before they made it far down the streets.
The city Watch stood shoulder-to-shoulder, firing arrows into the crowd while armed Gnolls and Drakes held the front ranks back. The Captain of the Watch, a tall Drake named Zevara, shouted up towards the walls as she cut down another zombie.
“Where the hell are the other guardsmen? Why aren’t those gates closing?”
She bellowed as she chopped down on a skeleton’s arm, severing the bones. The guardsmen in front of her closed ranks and threw the undead back. A Gnoll ran towards Zevara and she turned towards him.
“Tkrn. What’s happening out there?”
He grinned, the fur on his chest matted with blood and gore.
“Fighting, Captain. We’ve closed off the streets like you said. That’s stopping them, but there are larger creatures out there.”
“Crypt Lords. They’re extremely dangerous. Shoot them down if you can. But what about the Southern gates? If they’ve fallen—”
Tkrn shook his head and Zevara shielded her face as bits of flesh flew everywhere.
“Sorry Captain. The Southern Gates are closed and we’ve got archers shooting down any undead that try to climb up. But all our guards on the north walls have fled!”
“That doesn’t make sense. I saw those gates closing! What could have…?”
A zombie shoved aside a Drake and lunged for Zevara, jaw gaping wide. She stepped back and Tkrn’s hand axe buried itself in his exposed brain.
“Close ranks!”
Zevara’s voice cracked like a whip and the guardsmen around her flinched. She pointed and more warriors ran forwards to fill in the weak spot in the line. Not all of the Watch was fighting. Zevara had kept several groups back, spread around the city to fill in weak spots.
Now she raised her voice as more undead ran down the streets and hit the ranks of armed warriors hard.
“Are you human cowards or guardsmen? Put your tails into it!”
The Drakes and Gnolls heard her and answered with a roar. They pushed the undead back several feet and Zevara turned back to Tkrn as he wiped the hand axe on his fur.
“What else?”
He grinned at her, showing his teeth.
“The adventurers are asking what they can do. They’re fighting with our people—but poorly. There aren’t many good teams around.”
