1.42
Page 5
She pointed out the window. It was dark now, but there was a faint speck of light coming from outside.
“That’s Liscor. Why is it red over there? Is something burning?”
Toren walked over and saw the skies around Liscor were indeed glowing. And there was smoke, rising and barely visible in the moonlight.
Erin stared out the window worriedly. The pot of meat and noodles sat untouched on a table. She leaned over the windowsill and then grabbed at her stomach. The anxiety was getting to her in a physical way.
“I feel—bathroom.”
She pointed at Toren.
“Keep an eye on that, okay? If you see anything—”
Her stomach gurbled and Erin ran out the door, leaving the skeleton by himself.
Toren hesitated. He looked at the knife and the floorboards. Then he carefully put the knife on one of the tables and reached for the sword he’d leaned against one wall. He opened the door and walked outside.
The skeleton had made it halfway down the hill when the Antinium seized him and ripped his skull off his body. The Worker tossed Toren’s skull to the ground and seized his sword. He left the flailing skeleton’s body and walked up the hill towards the inn.
 
—-
 
A ghoul caught a Drake’s halberd in one hand and punched him in the midsection with the other. The guardsmen gasped and collapsed as the ghoul tossed aside the weapon and tried to race past the other guardsmen.
Zevara’s sword cut through the top of the ghoul’s skull, severing the flesh and rotted brain. The ghoul collapsed and she helped the Drake to her feet.
“Watch the damned ghouls! They’re strong enough to rip your scales apart if you let them!”
Another zombie ran at them. Zevara turned her head and growled low in her throat. Then she took a deep breath and exhaled.
A gout of fire leapt from her jaws and blasted the zombie off its feet. It fell to the ground, screaming and burning as Zevara coughed.
“Where are the damned Antinium?”
The Watch had retreated back down another street, giving ground up as more undead flooded into the city. They were fighting well, and healing potions and a rain of arrows and magic had given them the advantage, but the undead kept coming.
And the Watch was not equipped to deal with them. Or at least, they were well equipped, but they needed reinforcements. And those reinforcements were not coming.
The Watch was one half of the city’s defenses, but in truth they only handled bandit raids, criminals, the occasional monster pack, and so on. The landscape took care of most armies, but the other half of Liscor’s considerable defenses were the Antinium. And they were the bigger half by far. In truth, the Watch was more like a third, or a quarter. A big quarter, though.
But the ants, always present in some capacity in the city, were nowhere to be found.
Zevara growled again and coughed out some smoke. She walked backwards as the Drake found his halberd and joined the line of guardsmen and shouted.
“Tkrn! Where are you slithering about? Get over here!”
The Gnoll ran towards Zevara, panting. He was still drenched in gore, but now he was bleeding in places, dark blood covering his fur.
“Here, Captain.”
“Where are the ants? Send a message to the Queen at once! We need those soldiers!”
“That will not be necessary, Captain Zevara. We are here.”
Zevara and Tkrn spun around. Ksmvr walked towards them, two swords and two daggers held at the ready. Fifteen Soldier Antinium followed him.
Ksmvr pointed towards the failing line of guardsmen.
“Join the battle. Kill all undead. Retreat if you suffer significant injuries.”
