1.43
Page 4
She scowled, but couldn’t put any of her usual force in her words.
“Be careful. If we lose you, our line will collapse.”
Relc grinned at her wearily.
“Hey, don’t worry Captain Z. None of those things can scratch my scales. If there weren’t so many of them this would be as easy as frying fish.”
“But there are a lot of them and they just don’t stop coming.”
Zevara hissed in fury and her tail lashed the ground as she pointed.
“It makes no sense. They’re not congregating in one spot and they’re attacking every side. Like a real army would do. And that guard they have around the gates is—”
“Not like them. I know.”
Relc’s eyes narrowed as she stared in the direction of the open north gate. Despite their best efforts, they hadn’t managed to retake it, not even with Relc. The dead around the massive stone doors refused to budge, and the gates were cumbersome enough to close on their own. Normally any attacking force would have been barred from entering long before they made it across the open plains, but Skinner’s fear-inducing gaze had sent all the guards fleeing.
“It’s that damned skin-creature that’s doing it. So long as it’s around, they’re going to keep coming. If you’d let me go after it.”
Zevara shook her head curtly.
“You wouldn’t make it out the gates before they surrounded you. And that thing is too much for you to handle alone.”
He glared at her.
“And so we’re going to leave it? I told you, it’s going after Erin—”
“Do you want me to try and save one human in this mess?”
Zevara shouted at Relc. He blinked and she continued.
“No matter what that thing is doing, we can’t spare anyone to go after it, let alone you. If we knew what it was doing, then maybe—”
“Waiting.”
Zevara and Relc turned. Pisces stumbled back towards them. His face was pale and his hair and robes were matted with sweat. He stumbled towards a cart holding water flasks and drank greedily.
The Captain of the Watch looked back towards the fighting. Without Relc and Pisces, the guardsmen were already beginning to be pushed back.
“We need you to keep casting, human. If you can’t we have plenty of mana potions—”
Pisces glared at Zevara.
“Potions do not cure exhaustion. Even my efficient spells tax me. I must rest.”
“I’ll go. The poison’s cured.”
So saying, Relc sprinted to one of the wagons and leapt. He kicked the skeleton that was climbing over it and landed on the other side, spear already blurring. Pisces drank more water and both watched as Relc kept fighting.
Zevara glanced at Pisces.
“What did you mean? That creature is waiting?”
He nodded and wiped at his mouth.
“It is clear that these dead are protecting that skin creature in some way. It may have control over the dead or spellcasting ability—regardless, they act as convenient fodder while it takes the skin of creatures to sustain itself.”
“Then why did it leave?”
“The danger. As I said, your Senior Guardsman posed an actual threat. It realized this and withdrew. It will let the undead keep fighting until we are exhausted and it returns. Remember—for each one of us that falls, it has another minion to use against us.”
Zevara frowned.
“Does it not harvest all of the dead, then? If they’re just bones and insides, they can’t reanimate.”
Pisces shrugged.
“There must be an upper limit to how much ah, flesh, that creature can carry. I surmise the rest it reanimates or stores for later, hence the undead. The Crypt Lords are likely a byproduct of that effect. So many dead gathered for so long together—”
“And why the girl? Why that Erin person you spoke of? Is she important?”
