1.43
Page 9
The fear was overpowering. It wasn’t even a conscious thing, something Erin could fight against. It was like a basic math equation, an unchangeable part of the universe. If she fought, if she tried to fight, she would die. She couldn’t overcome that.
But she could still move. Erin felt it. She could run. The Workers would protect her. If she ran—
Something in Erin rebelled against the thought. Run? Run while they died for her?
It was the only sensible choice. But they were dying. For her. And that made running wrong.
Even if it saved her? No. It was impossible. They were all trapped. The undead were everywhere. That thing was coming. Running was just a slower death.
Erin shuddered. She had heard Knight’s last words. They cut at her, pulling pieces out of her soul. She wished she could move. She wished—
Her foot trembled, and knocked against the table. Erin heard something clatter to the floor and flinched. She looked down.
In the moonlight, something rolled next to the chair and stopped. Erin stared at it.
She saw a chess piece lying on the floor. It was a broken knight piece, a Drake holding a sword and a shield, only someone had snapped it off so only the legs and base remained.
Slowly, Erin bent to pick it up. She held the chess piece in her hand, and felt at the sharp edges.
She put the chess piece on the board. She stared at the two sides, white and black, bathed in the red light from Skinner’s eyes. Her heart was filled with fear. Her mind was broken by terror. But her soul cried out as her friends died.
Erin’s hand moved. She pushed the white pawn piece forwards. She hesitated, and then pushed a black pawn two spaces forwards.
Pawn to E4. Pawn to E5. Bishop came next, to C4. A classic opening.
Slowly, Erin began to play. It was wrong. It was the wrong thing to do as the Workers bled and perished. But she played anyways, mechanically, playing out the game on pure instinct.
The pieces moved mechanically. Erin played the game and time slowed around her. Time stopped. Time—
Time was a strange thing. It didn’t matter at times, and mattered the world at others. For Erin, time had always disappeared when she played chess. That was why the skill she had learned was so fitting.
Such a silly thing. A useless thing. It made one moment longer. It was good for a little bit, but only that. It only made a second into an eternity. It couldn’t level mountains or grant her luck or do anything else.
It just made a moment immortal. So Erin played. She played as the undead slaughtered her friends and Skinner’s gaze touched her heart. She played.
A useless game. A worthless game. She lost to herself with half her pieces still on the board. But that wasn’t important. Erin reset the board and played again, moving the pieces with reckless abandon.
It wasn’t about chess. It was just about the time. Every second, fear etched itself into her mind, always present, always there. It was part of her, and part of the endless games she played. Again. And again. Playing, always playing, until fear and living were one and the same.
“The king is smart and uses his head. For if he moves, he’ll soon be dead.”
Erin muttered the words again. She remembered her dream, and the certainty of it. The dead Goblin Chieftain. The blood. The smell of oil.
Death and violence.
If she were a king, moving, fighting, would only lead to her misery. And death. She had lost friends because she’d fought. But she would lose them again if she did nothing.
“If he moves, he’ll soon be dead.”
