1.44
Page 3
“We’ve fought and bled for this city, and your blasted hive. If we fall here, everyone dies! But you won’t even give us more than a handful of Soldiers! Don’t you realize what’s happening? Or is your damned Queen not aware of what’s happening?”
The air around Ksmvr and the two Soldier Antinium froze. His hands touched at his sword hilts.
“My Queen completes her duties. As do I. Insults to her name—”
“Eggs rot your damned Queen!”
Zevara shouted at Ksmvr. She pointed at the destroyed streets and ruined buildings.
“We’ve kept Liscor safe! We’ve held up our end of the Bargain—you Antinium swore to protect this city from attack! And where are you when we need you!?”
Ksmvr paused.
“I must protect my Hive.”
“Liscor will fall!”
“Liscor may. But the Hive shall never be taken, even if a hundred thousand undead should attack.”
What was worse, Zevara believed him. She cursed him, but Ksmvr remained impassive. He shook his head.
“Say what you will. But the Queen’s safety is—”
“Zevara!”
Relc shouted behind her, desperately. A Crypt Lord had appeared down the street, from the wrong side. He must have broken through somewhere else. Guardsmen streamed towards him, shouting as Relc held off the undead coming from the other direction.
Zevara cursed and turned towards Ksmvr, but the Antinium was already striding away. She opened her mouth, and then closed it. There was no point in wasting her breath.
The Captain of the Watch stared bitterly at Ksmvr’s back. She longed to plant a sword in it, or strike at the Antinium, but that would just see her dead sooner. Instead, she turned. Drakes and Gnolls were already fighting the Crypt Lord as he spat black blood at them, slicing at them with claws made of broken bone.
Zevara raised her sword and ran back towards the fighting.
For the last time.
 
—-
 
“Erin.”
For a moment, Erin thought someone else was shaking her. When she looked up into the dark eyes and saw the four arms of the Antinium, she remembered someone else.
“What?”
The Worker pulled her upright.
“You must not sleep. Here.”
He shoved something at Erin. She took it and stared at the red liquid. A potion…? A healing potion. Hers. That was right. Hers. She’d—bought it after that day.
“Drink.”
The bottle was at her lips. Erin swallowed, grimaced, and felt life returning. She was tired. So tired that the world seemed to call her back to sleep. But the potion made her live.
She got to her feet. The Worker helped her up, and she saw he was wounded. He was missing an antenna and two fingers on one of his right hands. His carapace was broken in places, but when she offered him the potion he shook his head.
“Drink.”
She did, finishing the foul liquid and feeling life return with every gulp. Erin threw the bottle across the room and struck a skeleton in the face as it sought to climb in. It slowed the creature long enough for another Worker to behead it with an axe.
Erin looked at the Worker who had given her the potion. It seemed silly, with the undead clawing at the walls and howling outside, but she had to say it.
“I’m sorry. I’ve forgotten your name.”
“Bird. I am Bird.”
He nodded at her. Erin nodded back.
“I guess this is it, then.”
“We will protect you until the end.”
“Which is now.”
“Yes.”
She paused. Erin’s head was still spinning, but she looked around and saw only the dead. The undead, but also fallen Workers. Death.
Crimson light was what she saw by. Skinner’s glowing red eyes lit up the inn brighter than the light from the moon. Bird had taken his place by one of the windows, a sword in his hand, a buckler in another.
