1.44
Page 1
But she’d failed, even though she was always going to fail. The Watch had never been meant to protect the city from siege. They were over four thousand in the city that held over eighty thousand civilians. They were able to quell fights, catch thieves, stop bandit raids—
But never an army. And especially not an army of the dead.
How many were there? Thousands. Tens of thousands. They kept getting back up. The living became the dead, and the dead refused to die. Stab wounds didn’t slow them. Fire melted their skin but had to crack their bones before they stopped. Beheading didn’t slow some skeletons and the Crypt Lords could kill scores before they were brought down.
If. If the walls had been held the Watch would have prevailed. If they had held the first few streets instead of fighting in every damned alleyway, they would have held the line.
If she’d let Relc try to kill Skinner, they might have pushed the undead out of the city. And if the Antinium had joined them, they might have won.
They were still fighting. Ksmvr’s Soldiers guarded several streets leading to their Hive. More warriors stood guarding the sloping tunnel into the earth, but none had joined the Watch. They were all back, protecting their Queen.
Another group of undead ran down the street. Zevara gulped down more air.
Damn him. Damn him. She’d counted on the Antinium. They were what had been needed, but he’d refused to send them out. The Hive’s Soldiers and the Workers would have made all the difference. They could field far more than three hundred if the needed to. But Ksmvr had refused. He was heartless. Not at all like his predecessor.
A Ghoul bounded ahead of the running zombies and skeletons. Too fast. Zevara raised her sword and slashed at her chest. The dead woman stumbled, but then raised a hand. Too quick, and her sword was caught on bone.
Zevara opened her mouth and exhaled. Fire ignited in her lungs and spilled out her mouth. It burned the air, the dead, and even her. It was her ancient birthright, but it was not hers.
The world greyed out and spun as Zevara stumbled. The ghoul was lurching back, screaming and clawing at her ruined face, but then she lunged forward. A spear tip punctured the tip of her head and she fell down.
Someone was at Zevara’s side. The Watch Captain felt a huge arm helping her up.
“Careful, Z. You’re running low on air.”
Zevara gasped and shook Relc’s hand off. She tried to inhale air, but her breath was coming in short gasps. She gasped and clawed at her throat. She could barely breathe, but she had to. She spat fire again, and a crowd of the undead went up in flames.
Coughing. Gasping. It was pain and she couldn’t breathe. Zevara stumbled backwards as the undead seized the lull in the deadly blasts of fire and surged forwards.
Relc stepped forwards, spear blurring. He stabbed two zombies in the chest with blinding speed, pivoted, punched a skeleton down, and then raised his spear as another zombie lurched at him.
“[Triple—]!”
The zombie’s head exploded as Relc’s spear struck three times at once. The Drake caught a bit of flesh in his open mouth and gagged on the rest of what he’d been about to say. He spat, coughing, and whirled his spear around.
More guardsmen rushed forwards and Zevara stumbled backwards. She’d given them all the time to rest she could. Any more and she would stop breathing, she knew.
She gasped for more air and then raised her voice. She had to know.
“Tkrn. How are the others doing?”
The guardsmen fought in front of her, a thin line of weary soldiers, blades and armor covered in gore. Zevara looked around.
