1.44
Page 2
“…Tkrn?”
The Gnoll was nowhere to be seen. Zevara tried to remember where she’d seen him last. Running down a street to deliver a message? She shook her head.
Gone. They were all gone. Or going.
Relc fell back cursing as the undead pushed forward. The thin red line grew redder and fell back as the undead pushed forwards. And this street was not alone.
Across the city, guardsmen fell back as the barricades broke. Ghouls raced over the rooftops, too many to be stopped by the few arrows and spells coming from below. They raced towards the streets where the citizens of Liscor were guarded by the wounded, sensing their prey was helpless.
“We’re out of healing potions.”
Tkrn appeared out of the chaos, limping to tell Zevara that as the Watch fell back another street. She just nodded at him. What else was there to say?
“Fall back towards Market Street. We’ll make a stand there.”
He nodded as the guardsman ran or carried each other past Zevara. Relc brought up the rear, spear still blurring with speed. But even he was slowing down. Exhaustion was doing what all the undead could not.
“Relc. Can you…?”
He grinned at her.
“Leave it to me. Just save a spot for me when I get back, huh?”
She nodded and ran with her guardsmen. Back, back again. Relc didn’t need to say anything. Both she and he felt it.
The guardsmen met a larger force holding the entrance to Market Street. The burned out road had been torn up again, this time so that stalls and doors could be turned into another barricade. The Drakes and Gnolls who held this spot were exhausted, wounded, but the dead clogging the street were a testament to their will to fight.
Zevara took to the front of the line and looked back over her guardsmen. She knew she had to speak, to give them hope, a reason to keep fighting. She just had nothing left to say.
A voice raised above the shouting and ever-present noise in the distance. A calm, emotionless tone.
“Watch Captain Zevara. I must speak with you.”
Zevara turned and saw Ksmvr. The Prognugator of the Antinium strode towards her, two Soldier Antinium at his side.
His exoskeleton had been crushed on one of his arms and something had torn open his side. A gauze binding had already turned dark green with blood, but was otherwise unharmed.
One of the Soldiers limped as he walked and Zevara saw his left foot had been half torn off. But the Soldier did not cry out or show any sign of distress. They halted before her and Ksmvr nodded as if nothing was urgent in the world.
“Watch Captain Zevara. I regret that we must part ways now.”
She stared at him.
“What?”
“This battle comes too close to the hive. I must pull back the Soldier Antinium from the streets, to better guard the hive. I tell you this as a matter of courtesy.”
Zevara struggled for words. The only reason they’d held on for so long was that the Soldiers were blocking off several streets. Without them—
“Coward.”
Tkrn barked it at Ksmvr. The Antinium flicked his gaze towards the Gnoll, and then away dismissively.
“I regret this decision. But I must prioritize my Hive. I hope you understand. Your duties are similar to mine in nature, Watch Captain Zevara.”
She stared at him. Tkrn was growling, but she put a hand on his shoulder.
“I understand.”
Ksmvr nodded.
“Good. I wish you—”
“I understand that you’re a coward and a fool.”
Ksmvr paused. Zevara raised her voice as the guardsmen around her looked around.
