1.44
Page 6
The world was different. Ksmvr felt it. In an instant, his reality changed. He looked up and knew. He felt his Queen’s anger; he sensed her ire in his mind. She had returned. She had completed the Rite. And he—
He stood above Ksmvr.
“You.”
The world began to shift.
 
—-
 
Selys had never used a sword in battle. She’d trained with one, but…swords were for warriors, and she was just a receptionist. She had a few archery skills from a few levels as a [Hunter], but she had never touched a sword except to sell it or appraise it.
She had used a sword today, though. Selys staggered back and watched as the zombie fell, the hilt sticking out of his stomach.
The female Drake felt sick. But Krshia yanked the sword out of the dead human’s body and handed it back to her.
“Hrr. Good that you killed. You may gain a new class, yes? If we survive the night.”
It didn’t seem likely. Selys was behind the main line of guardsmen Zevara commanded, but already the undead had attacked their spot twice. They were everywhere. Overrunning the streets.
“We’re going to die.”
Krshia smacked her on the head. Selys gaped as her hand flew to cover her head, but the Gnoll just snorted at her.
“Save your weeping for when you are dead, yes? We are not done. Fight. Fight until all is lost.”
But all was lost. More undead were struggling at the barricades, fighting to break through. It was only a matter of time.
Part of Selys wanted to throw down her sword and wait for death. But it would be a terrible death, she knew. And she wouldn’t even die at the end of it. So she raised her blade awkwardly, waiting for the end. If she’d only been an adventurer, levelled in another class—
A voice. A shout. Selys turned, raising the sword. She’d long since ran out of arrows. But it wasn’t another attack. Tkrn ran down the street, waving the axe in his hand. He was running at a sprint, but his eyes were open, wide. And he was—smiling?
“The Ants! The Antinium are coming!”
Selys looked at Krshia. It couldn’t be. They’d retreated. But now another guardsman had taken up the call.
“The black tide marches!”
“The Soldiers are fighting in the streets!”
Wildfire ran through Selys’s veins, giving her new hope. It couldn’t be. But then she saw them. Shapes. Moving out of the darkness. Not one. Not two. A moving mass. An endless stream of bodies.
The Antinium.
Soldiers ran down the street. They crashed into the line of the undead even as Selys watched, gaping. First twenty Soldiers filled the street, rushing at the enemy, and then fifty. A hundred. Thousands.
And they were not alone. Ksmvr, the Prognugator was among them. He slashed at a zombie with his daggers and suddenly a Worker was next to him. The smaller Antinium seized the dead zombie and bore him down, and two more were suddenly next to Ksmvr, stomping at the dead Drake until it was paste.
Soldiers and Workers flooded out of the tunnel, an endless stream of black bodies. But that wasn’t all. The ground and streets began to ripple and hands thrust out of the stones. The undead paused, and then a huge spade-like hand seized a zombie and dragged it into the earth. A Soldier Antinium rose out of the ground and finished ripping the undead woman apart.
The undead in the street hesitated. They were an army without fear, an endless tide of death that bowed to neither pain nor exhaustion. They would fight on even when they had lost arms or legs. They were pitiless, emotionless killers. But that was the nature of the Antinium as well.
