1.44
Page 4
“There are few undead left. Many are moving towards the city.”
“But that thing is out there.”
“Yes. It is close.”
Erin peeked outside. She could see Skinner, his massive, obscene frame a shadow around the two red spotlights in the darkness. A guard of undead stood around him, silently waiting in the darkness.
“He’s waiting.”
“Yes.”
Bird nodded again. Erin looked at the undead. They were still bashing at the doors, the walls, trying to climb through the windows as the seven other Antinium moved around the room, slicing off limbs and bashing heads.
The inn’s walls were protecting them. For the moment. But Erin knew it wouldn’t last.
“We’ve got to go. They’ll tear this place down around us if we stay.”
Erin walked into the kitchen. She had one jar of acid left. She took it. Bird grabbed her arm as she walked towards the door. The Worker stared at her.
“It is death out there, Erin Solstice.”
She nodded.
“Yeah. But it’s death everywhere.”
He paused, staring at her face. Another Worker turned.
“Better to place the enemy in check than suffer it yourself.”
Erin blinked at him, and then grinned.
“Right.”
She opened the door. A zombie stared at her in surprise, arm raised to hammer at the wood again. Erin threw a jar of acid in his face and he staggered back, screaming. She was nearly out of acid. She’d rained it all down on Skinner and the other undead.
She had a knife in one hand. It was sharp. Erin held it in her hand and thought she was dreaming. She stepped around Knight’s body, heart beating faster and faster. The knife was slippery in her hand.
Skinner looked at her, eyes projecting fear. Erin gritted her teeth.
“Go to hell.”
She ran out the door, and the eight Antinium followed her. Erin stabbed a zombie in the face, punched him, and looked up as Skinner’s massive hand flattened the undead Gnoll. Two glowing eyes stared down at her.
She raised the kitchen knife.
“Come on. Let’s end this.”
 
—-
 
Ksmvr strode through the streets as the noise of battle receded into the dull roar of sound around him. He thought as he moved, considering all that was occurring and would occur.
Zevara and the guardsmen would soon fall. Perhaps the citizens in Liscor would make a stand. It was possible they might prevail—the undead horde’s numbers had thinned. But they were still a danger.
Duty towards Liscor and the Bargain obliged the Hive to send soldiers to defend Liscor. But as Prognugator, Ksmvr was able to determine whether such actions were wise. And with the Queen still occupied by the Rite of Anastases, he had determined her safety was paramount.
Zevara had cursed him. Shouted at him. Her anger was understandable, but there was nothing Ksmvr could do. His actions were the only sound choice.
They were logical. He knew that. The Queen had to be protected, especially when carrying out the Rite. It was quite clear in the priorities he had been given. Her life and the well being of the hive were far more important than the agreement made with the city of Liscor.
He spoke to one of the Soldiers accompanying him. To speak to one was to speak to all.
“Pull all Soldiers back. The streets are meaningless. We must protect the Hive.”
The Soldier didn’t respond, but Ksmvr could feel the other Antinium abandoning their position at the street entrances. They would retreat to the Hive, guarding both entrances within the city.
