1.45
Page 6
Ryoka took a deep breath. She stood in the plains and screamed. The Goblins covered their ears. The moving boulder jerked and began to retreat.
Large, leathery birds rose out of the grass in panic. They flew away as the Goblins ran away and the Rock Crab scuttled away. The sound pierced the air, travelled miles, and made travelers on the road look up at the sky.
Ryoka screamed until she could bear it no more. She punched at the ground wildly, tore at her own hair. She screamed and screamed until her body was unable to scream any more.
Then Ryoka stopped.
Her throat was raw and she coughed and tasted blood. Ryoka had to sip from one of the healing potions she’d bought before she could breathe without agony.
She walked on, despairing. Ryoka tripped over a rock and fell face-first onto the ground. She lay there a while. Empty.
After a while, her stomach growled. Ryoka ignored it.
She lay on the ground, cursing it. She cursed the blue sky and the citizens of Liscor and the adventurers. She cursed the undead, the monster that had killed her friends. She cursed the dead gods, the ones she had known, the world she now lived in and the one she had come from. She cursed all things, and especially herself.
After a while, her stomach growled again. This time Ryoka listened and sat up.
She scrubbed at her face with handfuls of grass and looked around. Evening. She was starving, and lost. But when she looked towards Liscor, she saw a building on a hill. When Ryoka drew closer, she saw it was an inn.
Like the city, it had been touched by death and battle. The inn was cracked in places, broken in others. The ground was churned in places; the soil upturned and grass trampled. An outhouse around back had been smashed in one part.
Everything had been hastily patched back up. Ryoka eyed the boards nailed clumsily together. They spoke of life, and she was starving.
She looked up at the sign above the inn.
The Wandering Inn. Like the rest of the building, the words were scratched in places, and green blood had dried on part of the sign.
Yet still the inn stood. It drew Ryoka towards it, although she couldn’t say why. Here was a place to rest. A place to eat, perhaps. Or just a place to wait until the pain went away.
It would do.
Ryoka put her hand on the door and hesitated. She stared at the half-ruined building. Then she turned away.
Not here. Not yet. Her heart still hurt too much for words, much less mundane company. Ryoka turned, ignoring her stomach. She was empty.
She walked down the slope, not knowing where she was going. Perhaps north. Perhaps nowhere. She just had to run. Run, and run.
Because there was nothing left to stop for anymore.
Ryoka took out her iPhone and turned it on. She began to walk, and then to jog. She made it ten steps before a sound distracted her.
Her phone began to ring. Ryoka stared at it. Slowly, she hit the glowing green button and raised her phone to her ear.
“…Hello?”
 
End of Volume 1
 
 
Author’s Note
Thus ends the first part of The Wandering Inn. To all reading, thanks for coming this far!
And that’s not to say I’m done writing. In fact, the next chapter will be up on Tuesday like normal. I just wanted to take the time to say three important things. One is a request to all you readers. The other is how the story will evolve moving forwards, and the third is to say The Wandering Inn is now an Audiobook. How’s that for drama?
