1.45
Page 0

She ran back. Back, towards the city where her friends were. Perhaps they were her friends or maybe it was just a word. But they called to her. And so she ran.
 
—-
 
[Innkeeper Level 18!]
[Skill – Immunity: Alcohol obtained!]
[Skill – Quick Recovery obtained!]
 
Erin didn’t know that she’d slept. She raised her head and realized she was sitting down. Dawn had come, but she had only drifted off for a second.
The sky was still mostly dark. But light still illuminated the grasslands. Dancing shadows. Twisting flames.
Fire.
The Antinium were burning the dead. All of them. They had created a huge pyre of bodies and set it alight. The terrible, suffocating smoke fanned away from the inn, but Erin’s eyes still burned. Or perhaps it was just her grief.
The bodies of the Workers were gone. Sometime when she hadn’t been watching, the Soldier had taken them away. Erin had asked one of the surviving Workers – Bird – where they had gone. He told her she didn’t want to know.
She was afraid to ask more. Even of Klbkch. He had barely left her side all night. Now he stood on the hill, staring down at a large shape several hundred meters away.
Erin got up and walked to his side. He turned his head slightly, but continued looking down. Erin stared at the red, elongated form of the creature that had lived in dead flesh and led an army of the dead. It was still surrounded by the Goblins that had felled it.
But something was different about Skinner’s body this morning. He seemed…diminished. Erin stared down as the Goblins milled around him, and then she realized what was going on.
“Are they…eating it?”
“Yes.”
Her stomach roiled. But Klbkch was unmoved and so too were the Goblins. They tore into the red body of Skinner, tearing him apart, drinking the fluids and—
She couldn’t watch. Erin went back to her inn and threw up in the outhouse. It was still standing, at least. It needed repairs. Everything needed repairs.
She sat on the toilet Pawn and the other Antinium had built and rested her head in her hands. She was so tired, still. She would have given everything to sleep. But sleep was a luxury and she owed a debt of pain.
First things first. Her…level. Yes, she’d leveled up three times. Was that a lot? Probably. And she had new skills.
They were an [Innkeeper]’s skills. And they were worthless. Trash.
“Shit.”
Yes. Erin glanced at the wood walls of the outhouse. Less than crap. That was how she felt about her levels and skills at the moment.
It felt wrong to level when her friends had died. It felt wrong to be stronger in exchange for killing things. But there was nothing Erin could do about it. She felt like vomiting, or punching a hole in the wall of the outhouse. She nearly did, but stopped herself.
Erin walked back out and stood next to Klbkch. After a while, she had the courage to ask him what she couldn’t last night.
“How many?”
He looked at her, and Erin wondered if he was going to lie. But after a second he spoke again.
She listened to the numbers. When they were just numbers, it didn’t seem so bad. But when she stared at the bodies, it was too terrible to be counted.
Twenty seven Goblins lay in the grass. Too many. Even in Skinner’s last moments, he had killed with terrible ease.
Of the thirty two Workers that had chosen to save her, four remained. Bird, Garry, Belgrade, and Anand. They lay in her inn, or sat propped up, wounds covered by some kind of sticky red substance. The Antinium had little in the way of medicine, but they were tough. They would heal.
