1.45
Page 5
Stronger, yes, and more aware. But what would that lead to? What would he become?
For the first time Toren asked these questions. And for the first time, he was curious to find out the answer.
A bit of crimson light flashed in the blue flames of his eyes. Only for a second.
 
—-
 
The day rolled on, and many important things happened. Just like yesterday, and the day before that. They were important things, surely, for each person who experienced them thought of themselves as important.
In his hiding place in the plains, Pisces dragged away another body he had managed to save from the purging flames. It was an effort to bring them so far, but worth it. He propped the ghoul’s headless body against a wall and studied the dead Crypt Lord that occupied most of the dirt cave. He smiled gleefully, as a child about to unwrap a present might.
A human girl, a thief, crouched in an alleyway, debating where to steal next. She wouldn’t have cared if the undead had killed all the filthy lizards and furry halfbreeds in the city. She was starving, alone, and desperate.
Far north Magnolia spoke into the air. She was berating or perhaps arguing with someone invisible. The other speaker growled at her while she castigated him. Teriarch sulked while Magnolia studied a map of the northern continent, and then the world. She thought, tapping her lips with one finger and the ground with her foot.
Relc patrolled the city; Ksmvr knelt trembling before his wroth Queen. Garia ran her deliveries, wondering all the while where her friend had gone. And more. More people carried out their lives and shaped the world in ways small and large.
But one girl ran through the grass, tired, exhausted. She had run for four days, running back through the grass, north along seldom-used roads from the Blood Fields. She had left in anger and despair. And on the fourth day, she came back.
 
—-
 
On the fourth day, Ryoka returned to Liscor. There she stopped and stared a while. She wandered into the city and smelled burnt flesh, walked past destroyed homes, and heard those mourning the dead. She dodged thrown rocks and rubbish hurled at her and the other humans and came to the Adventurer’s Guild.
She asked about her friends. She asked about Ceria and Calruz and Gerial and Sostrom. She listened, and felt the world drop away.
The Drake receptionist took her to a small room with a small bed. She opened the door and Ryoka sat next to Yvlon for a while. The other girl’s eyes were blank and she scratched at the scarred flesh on her face.
After a while, Ryoka stood up. Yvlon paid no notice. The girl walked out of the guild and out of the city. She walked towards the Ruins and saw the entrance had been blockaded. Twenty giant ant-men stood in front of a wall of dirt, barring entry.
She watched them, until it was too much to bear. Ryoka left the ruins and walked through the long grass outside of Liscor. She walked until she was lost among the grass, walking and walking without a purpose.
Ryoka never noticed the Goblin which rose out of the grass with his fellows, following her. She never noticed the large rock that moved towards her slowly. She walked on, staring at the sky.
She did not cry. She did not rage. She was empty. Emptiness became her.
Guilt and sadness was the air she breathed. Death walked next to her and whispered in her ear. Ryoka walked, and scarcely thought.
When it was all too much, Ryoka stopped. The Goblin drew a sharp knife from his side and the moving stone crept up on both Goblins and humans, unnoticed.
