1.45
Page 2
“That is broadly correct, yes.”
“Okay.”
Klbkch was watching her. Erin knew, even if he didn’t have pupils to follow her. He hadn’t really let her leave his sight since that night. She was so tired.
“Thanks for saving me. Really.”
“It was nothing.”
“It was something.”
“Yes.”
She looked at him. Just the same as always. And then she looked at her inn. She looked at the broken wood, at the marks of violence, and at the place where a Worker named Knight had died. She looked at the dead and the Soldiers. She remembered a half-Elf, a Minotaur, a Drake obsessed with chess, and a bunch of smiling faces.
Klbkch saw Erin fold up and fall backwards. He tried to catch her, but she thumped back into the soft grass.
“Miss Solstice. Are you alright?”
Erin smiled emptily as Klbkch hovered over her. She raised one hand and let it fall.
“I’m just going to lie down for a while.”
She lay in the trampled grass as the Goblins feasted, listening to the dead burn.
Erin wept.
 
—-
 
On the night of the second day, Ryoka found the dead Gnolls. They lay where they had fallen, eight warriors holding spears and bows and in one case, a morning star. Each had been beheaded by a single slash.
She stared at the bodies for a long time. They were already rotting and the green glowing flies were crawling out of the bloody cuts. She could do nothing for them, but still Ryoka lingered for a while before running on.
She knew she was being followed, but every time she turned her head, she saw nothing.
 
—-
 
Selys sat in the Adventurer’s Guild, listening to Zevara argue with the guildmaster. She stared dreamily at her bandaged wrist, and felt the healing cuts on her legs and torso burning and itching.
Even after a day, Liscor was silent. The streets were still busy, and the people still spoke. But it was a different place. Death and destruction had taken their toll, and people still mourned.
But they had survived. They had all come out stronger for their ordeals. Selys was now a [Warrior] and had gained several levels in her [Hunter] class. It was a wonderful thing, especially since she hadn’t leveled in a month.
But she was still tired. And this latest argument that she could hear from her desk bothered her.
“I want those humans responsible for unleashing the undead held accountable!”
That was Zevara, Captain of the Watch. Selys knew her if not in person, then by reputation. She was a good leader, and she had saved countless lives during the battle with the undead. Her voice was raw and she coughed every few words now.
Throwback. Old blood. Dragon’s child.
Selys thought the words, but didn’t say them out loud. Zevara had breathed fire to hold the undead back. She was a hero. But she was wrong in this.
“All the adventurers who went in are dead. Only a handful remain, and they’re in no condition to repay anyone for anything. They’ve suffered enough. Leave them alone.”
The Guildmistress of the Adventurer’s Guild in Liscor, an elderly Drake with dusky purple scales who was also Selys’s grandmother shot back when Zevara stopped to breathe. The Drake Captain coughed a few times and glared at the old Drake, but she was unmoved.
“They have nothing. Nothing will be gained from blaming them, either. The Council was glad enough when they volunteered to explore the Ruins. This is on their tails as much as ours.”
“The Council wants to hold someone responsible. And if it won’t be the adventurers, it will be this Guild. You choose which one.”
Selys winced, but her grandmother just sighed.
“Stubborn child. If you really wish to push this—Selys!”
