1.45
Page 7
Firstly, yes, this story is now available to listen to! Not all at once, but I’ve found a talented reader who’s willing to sound out my bad writing. I’ve put the first three chapter up on Soundcloud, and I’ll also upload them to iTunes as a Podcast for you all to listen to, free! Once the entire first volume is read, I may sell all the parts as an audiobook as another way to support the story, but for now, I’m very excited about another way for people to hear this story without having to listen to Siri mess up Klbkch’s name ten thousand times.
Here’s the link for the audiobook, and I’ll keep working and updating you all on that as things progress.
The second thing you should know is that it’s my birthday. Yes, somehow I managed to end the first part of The Wandering Inn on my birthday. I’d like to say it was all part of the master plan, but that would be a lie. I’m just telling you this because I’d like to make an audacious request.
Now that the first volume is ended, I would be extremely happy if you’d spread the word about this story online and to friends. I know a lot of you do it already, but if you could bear it in mind, I’d greatly appreciate it. Patreon donators are great, but even telling one more person about my story is a gift in itself, and not everyone has the money to spare. Regardless, I thank you all for reading my story and commenting.
And lastly and perhaps most importantly: Patreon. I’ve been thinking over suggestions of how to reward people who do commit money to me moving towards my goal of self-employment, and I’ve hit upon something I’m going to try. Every month, I’ll write 1+ stories about the world of The Wandering Inn. It might not be a story so much as background lore, or details about a species. It could be Ryoka’s missing conversation with Gazi, or how Pisces got to be…Pisces. I’ll let everyone who donates a certain amount—say, $10+ on Patreon vote on the topic of what the next story will be, and let all my Patreon users read the story as I write it.
But fear not! Normal readers will get to read these side stories too, just later. One month after I publish the story, I’ll make it available on the blog. That way people don’t miss these stories, but Patreon users get to choose what the focus is and read things first.
That’s about all I have planned, but let me just say again what fun it’s been writing so much so far. And how exhausting it’s been! This last chapter might be short, but it comes on the heels of around 60 chapters, averaging around 7,000 words per chapter. It’s a lot. But I love writing, and I wouldn’t be doing this if I didn’t enjoy telling this story.
I hope someday I’ll be able to make writing my only job, and perhaps after the next volume ends I’ll take a month’s break to recharge. But for now, I’ll keep writing, and I hope you all will enjoy the story as I continue onwards. Thanks everyone so much for reading and—
I’ll see you Tuesday. If my flight doesn’t crash, that is. Fingers crossed, and see you soon!
–pirateaba
 

