1.45
Page 3
Selys jumped and tried to shuffle some papers around. Her grandmother raised her voice.
“Take Zevara to the leader of the adventurers she wants to blame so badly. Let her make her case there.”
That clearly wasn’t what Zevara had been expecting. The taller Drake hesitated when Selys poked her head around the corner.
“Um. Hi. Follow me Watch Captain.”
She led Zevara down the corridor, into a part of the Guild reserved for injured adventurers. Like the rest of the building it was small, only large enough to treat one adventurer at a time. And it was filled to occupancy.
Selys pushed open the door carefully. Zevara’s breath caught as the door swung open to reveal the lone occupant.
A human sat in a white bed, staring emptily out one window. It was a bright, day with clear skies in Liscor. A bit chilly given it was winter, but winter had not yet arrived and Yvlon Byres took no notice of the temperature.
She paid no attention to anything at all, really.
Half of the skin on her face had been torn away. Her long blonde hair was ragged; her fair skin cut and marred. She stared empty-eyed through the window, sitting and looking at nothing.
Her armor had been torn to shreds when they’d cut her out of it. Even now Selys could remember the human woman screaming. But now she was silent. It was little better.
“Human.”
Yvlon didn’t move. She didn’t blink. Zevara called out a few times, but Yvlon was still. The Watch Captain hesitated.
“If you’re going to try and shake her, you might as well give up. She doesn’t respond.”
Zevara turned towards the elderly drake as Selys rearranged the pillow around Yvlon, trying not to touch the human female. She avoided the empty stare as well as Zevara and her grandmother whispered.
“She has no coin or anything else. Everything she owned was lost in the Ruins. Her comrades, her pride, her health—what more would you take from her, good Captain?”
Zevara glared down at the older Drake, lips tight, tail thrashing.
“Someone must pay.”
“Someone must. But I don’t believe she or any of the adventurers has enough coin to cover the costs.”
Zevara looked back at Yvlon. The adventurer sat quietly in bed, back straight, hands folded. Face scarred.
The Watch Captain shook her head. She had a million things to do. Relc was patrolling for any undead while the rest of the guardsmen rebuilt. She had to go through the roster of wounded and dead, focus on rebuilding the city, address the Antinium issue for the Council.
She turned her heel. It was pointless to waste her time here arguing with a Drake three times as old as she was. Zevara strode away and turned her head only once.
Yvlon stared into the blue sky, a few feet away and a thousand miles gone. Zevara stared into her empty eyes and left.
 
—-
 
On the third day, Ryoka met a strange woman with a large eye and a curved sword who knew her name. She said nothing and ran on. The strange, smiling adventurer faded into the distance behind her and Ryoka wondered if she had killed the Gnolls.
She ran on, thinking of things to say and ways to apologize. She slept that night, anxiously. Waiting to return and make things right.
 
—-
 
Toren sat on the roof of the inn, staring at nothing and everything at the same time. Below him Erin pounded away with a hammer, covering up broken windows with boards. She’d banned him from helping the second time he’d put a hole in a wall.
He hadn’t meant to. But on the other hand, he’d meant to. Some part of Toren knew that was the only way to earn a reprieve. And he wanted one. For the first time he wanted to stop and think.
