2.00
Page 2
Erin could say hello in most languages, although that was pretty much the extent of her linguistic skill. She could say ‘checkmate’ and ‘check’ in almost every language, though. It came from many games against foreign players online and in person. She also knew a lot of bad words as a result, although she had no real idea what they meant. Usually she just knew enough to duck before the table got flipped.
But there was something incredibly Asian about the tall girl’s features, and it was even more pronounced by the fact that hers was the first non-European, non-furred or non-scaled face Erin had seen in this world.
“Um, hi.”
Speaking foreign languages to people hadn’t worked out well with Ceria, so it probably wouldn’t work here. Erin waved weakly at the other girl as she stepped back.
“…Mm.”
Was that a hello or just a grunt? The other girl stared around the dark kitchen as Erin scrambled for more words beyond ‘leave me alone I’m trying to sleep’. Right. She was awake and she had…a customer.
Erin had been a waitress for all of two weeks back when she’d had a part time job for the summer. That was about all of her job experience aside from working in chess tournaments as a referee. And that wasn’t work that was…chess.
But she had a definite feeling that falling asleep on the job wasn’t acceptable behavior. Even if she did own the inn.
“Hi.”
She tried again, and the other girl stared at her. Erin put her best smile on her face and waved at her guest.
“Sorry about that. Um. I was asleep. Can I help you?”
“Is this an inn?”
“What? Oh. Yes! Yes, this is an inn!”
Erin waved around the room airily, trying to gloss over the fact that half the inn was still damaged from the battle with the undead two days ago. The other girl stared at Erin.
“And you’re…the innkeeper?”
The innkeeper smiled nervously.
“Yes? I mean, yes. Can I—do you want something to eat? A place to sleep?”
“Something to eat.”
“Sure, sure! This way.”
Erin led the other girl back into the inn’s main room. The girl took a seat while Erin stood and fidgeted. After a moment the girl looked up.
“Do you have a menu?”
“Menu?”
Erin blinked at the tall girl a few times. Then she panicked again. Menu. Right. She’d never really finished—
“Um, it’s right there.”
She pointed and winced as her guest looked at the menu with all three items.
Pasta w/sausage and onions – 3 cp. per plate.
Blue juice – 2 cp. per glass.
Acid flies – 1 s. per plate
“…Acid flies?”
“They’re um, real flies. I drained the acid from them, but uh—”
“What’s blue juice?”
“It’s very sweet! It’s like orange—I mean, it’s like an orange except more blueberry. Sweeter. It’s a nice drink!”
Erin wondered whether she should mention there was more food she’d learned to cook. She could make soup! Random soup was what she called it, because she mainly just tossed ingredients in a pot and trusted to her [Basic Cooking] skill. It usually came up edible.
“I can uh, I can make bacon and eggs. Or—or ham. We’ve got ham and salad if you want it—”
“Pasta is fine. I’ll have that and a cup of blue…juice.”
“Okay, sure!”
Erin smiled. The other girl did not return the smile.
“I’ll um, I’ll get it.”
She had plenty of blue juice but not a lot of cups. Erin had tossed most of her cups and heavy objects at the undead. She finally found a good one and washed it out before filling it with juice.
