2.00
Page 6
Erin didn’t know what to say to that. She was vaguely aware there was a difference from what Krshia had told her but no more than that. And the conversation’s flow was ebbing.
“That’s cool. So I guess you travel around a lot?”
“Some.”
Erin grinned weakly. Perhaps it was time to cut her losses and get the pasta. But she had to make one last attempt.
“You know, when I saw the glowing light orb I thought you were an adventurer of some kind.”
“I’m not. I just know magic.”
“Oh, okay. I, uh, I knew some adventurers, too.”
“Did you?”
The other girl’s tone was subzero. And not just frosty, more like Antarctic.
“Yeah, but they died. A few days ago, actually.”
Erin swallowed the lump in her throat. She didn’t see how the other girl looked up at that.
“Who did you know?”
“Oh, just a group of them. They were nice people, but they got killed when—”
“Who?”
Erin looked up. Ryoka’s eyes were fixed on her, intent. For the first time, Erin thought the other girl was looking at her, really looking at her.
“Who?”
“The Horns of Hammerad.”
 
—-
 
I don’t believe in destiny. Or if I did, I’d spend all of my time rebelling against it. And I don’t believe in talking to people either, as a rule.
But this—
“So I called him bull guy after that. Bull guy, Mr. Cow, Captain Udders…although I don’t think he really got that last one.”
“You didn’t do that.”
The girl sitting across from me, Erin Solstice, smiles and laughs.
“Okay, I didn’t call him all those names. Just bull guy. But it made him really mad. You could practically see the steam coming out of his ears!”
I shouldn’t, but I laugh. Calruz is dead, and it’s wrong to make fun of him. But this—
This is about what he was. What he did. And Erin telling me the stories is somehow special. Precious.
A lot can happen in fifteen minutes. You can find you have more in common with someone than you think, for instance. Fifteen minutes. Enough time to eat three plates of pasta, drink blue juice, chat…
And learn that the Horns of Hammerad stayed in this inn the night before they died. Enough time to hear their last moments from the innkeeper who’d served them meals.
I’m glad I came here. I’m glad I changed my mind and decided to stay. Because against my expectations, I’m feeling better. A belly full of hot food does that, and the conversation—
Well, it’s actually fun.
“You really called him that? Bull guy?”
“Yes! What, don’t you believe me? Ceria started calling him that too until he threw his drink at her.”
I laugh again. I can’t help it. I’ve been listening to tales of the Horns of Hammerad, but somehow Erin also managed to get the story of how I met them out of me. It’s so odd. But I want to talk about them.
“So you met them while you were delivering healing potions, right? That sounds pretty dangerous.”
It was, incredibly. Dodging spells from a Lich is probably one of the dumbest things I’ve ever done, and there’s a long list. I shrug.
“It was risky, but it’s part of the job.”
“None of the Runners around here do stuff like that. They just deliver stuff in the city and to my inn. But I guess that’s a City Runner for you, huh?”
“Yeah.”
I want to keep talking about the Horns of Hammerad. But Erin’s leaning over the table, eyes alight with curiosity.
“What’s it like, being a Runner? Do you get sore feet from running around all the time? And how much does it pay? Do you see a lot of interesting stuff?”
