2.00
Page 3
The girl was still sitting at the table. She glanced up at Erin but said not a word as Erin put cup and silverware in front of her. Erin tried another smile, but the other girl’s face could have been carved from ice. She decided to go for broke and introduced herself.
“I’m Erin, by the way. Erin Solstice.”
“Mm.”
Erin waited, but the other girl’s name did not seem to be forthcoming. She stared down at the table, not even touching her drink. The other girl stared at the wood grain, but she seemed to be a thousand miles away.
She was very quiet. Erin hoped that wasn’t because she was planning to murder her with one of the forks.
 
—-
 
The world is shit. All things and everything in it are utter crap. But of course crap’s not a good enough word, is it? Death and despair rule everything. That’s how it’s always been and that’s how it will be.
Some days are like this. I’ve felt it before. Black depression. Anger. It’s easy to say the words, but to live it?
Every time I forget. Every time. I forget how twisted this damned world is and I relax. And then it gets me. It would be easier if I didn’t hope. If I just—
“Um. Is the juice okay? I have water if you want it. Boiled.”
I look up. The girl’s hovering over me again. Erin? She’s annoying. It would be easy to just toss the juice in her face and kick her until she stops talking.
A thin red line. I think that’s the only thing that separates me from madness some days. And some day, perhaps, it will disappear and I’ll lose it. It’s already broken once. I hurt my friends. And now they’re dead.
Not my fault. Of course. They went into the ruins. It was their fault, and guilt is only part of the grieving process. I know that. I probably couldn’t have done anything. They were dead days before I was even close to Liscor. It’s just that it hurts. More than anything I’ve felt in years.
I—
Wish I’d been with them.
“Um? Hello?”
I look up. Oh. Right. She asked me a question about my drink.
“It’s fine. Thank you.”
It’s not the innkeeper I’m mad at. I just can’t deal with her or anyone at the moment. How could I? The Horns of Hammerad. Gerial. Ceria. Calruz. Sostrom.
They’re all dead. I never even got to say goodbye.
Mercifully, the innkeeper retreats. She’s odd. A young girl out far from the city like this? Well, not too far but still. How does she survive? Do I even care?
I’m trying to think of something, anything, but the faces of the dead keep haunting me. I try not to let them, but I can’t help but wonder and regret. If I’d been with them, would I have spotted a trap? Would I have been able to run for help? If I’d been there, if I hadn’t run off. If I hadn’t been such a stupid idiot and picked a fight…
Without thinking I take a gulp from the cup in front of me and nearly choke. Sweet! It’s sweet and pulpy, and tastes—
It actually tastes good. Not like the alcoholic crap I have to drink in each tavern. It tastes like orange juice mixed with a blueberry shake mixed with high fructose corn syrup. All the good things that I love to hate.
It tastes a bit like home.
Just a bit. But I take another gulp and the sweetness is good. It’s not like the ice cream I had with Magnolia. It’s just plain old juice, and it’s good to have.
“Another cup?”
I nearly jump out of my skin. That girl is pretty damn silent. But—what the hell?
“Sure. How much for a pitcher?”
She blinks at me. Does she not even price her drinks? Well damn.
I open my runner’s pack and fish around. I’ve still got several gold coins and when I hold one up her eyes go wide.
“Um—”
“Just take whatever I eat out of that. I’ll have a pitcher of blue juice.”
