2.00
Page 5
If so, it would explain why I appeared out of nowhere like that. But that guy was a Level 26 [Knight]. Is that fast leveling? It seems so, considering Calruz was only around Level 22. So one guy who’s been here for a month or two already leveled past a Minotaur who’s been fighting all his life?
Damn. Is that cheating or what? But how—
“Do you want meat and onions on your pasta? Or something else? I’ll change the recipe if you want.”
Who cares what—just answer her.
“That’s fine. Thank you.”
I am trying to think. Ignore the stupid innkeeper. Think. There’s also the fact that most of the people in the chat were American, but people from all over the world were taken. One Australian, one person from England.
But almost all spoke English. Does that mean mostly English-speaking nations were affected? Or—or does it mean primarily Americans were affected? If this was a spell, did it only hit a certain radius? If I could call the chat back on my iPhone I’d know more, but going only off of memory—
“Oops. Forgot to put the spoon out.”
Spoon? SPOON? Who the fuck eats pasta with a spoon? Italian cuisine survived for hundreds of years without a damn spoon.
…Calm down. She’s just trying to be helpful. I’m probably just making her nervous. I should smile.
My lips twitch. No go. Okay, okay. Just—what does it all mean? Here I am, with the first sign of how I got here but already there’s a serious threat. I have to anticipate what’s coming next. Do I warn someone? Who? Magnolia might be just as bad. But Wistram—that’s where [BlackMage] is. I think that’s the isle of mages. Could they help? Will he call again, or would he consider that to be too risky?
And—oh my god she’s coming back.
 
—-
 
The blank look Erin got when entered the common room was somehow worse than the stare of the Antinium. They at least had the excuse of being bugs. Her guest was just…creepy. And silent.
When she told the girl she was making a fire, she just got what sounded like a sigh. The tall girl went back to staring at the table and drinking blue juice and Erin put a log in the fireplace and tried to make it light.
Erin got the fire going after two attempts, all the while trying to ignore the eyes on the back of her head. It was an uncomfortable, prickly sensation, being watched.
The other girl looked down when Erin turned around. But she had been watching, Erin was sure. She was just so silent. And unfriendly. Would it kill her to talk a bit?
Well, who said a guest had to be nice? If she didn’t want to talk, Erin could just serve her food and wait for her to leave.
But there was something that drew her to the other girl. She was a guest. The first human guest—well, the first human guest she’d had that wasn’t a group of adventurers or Pisces. And Erin was a bit lonely. She hadn’t talked to a human, another human, for a long while.
So she stood up, walked over, and took a seat. The other girl glanced up. It was a flat look, but Erin ignored it.
“So. How’re you?”
Glance up, glance down. After a moment, the girl looked up again.
“I’m fine.”
“You know, we never got to really chat. My name is Erin. What’s yours?”
This time the other girl had to answer or—or Erin would leave her alone, she guessed. But although her guest made a face, she eventually answered.
“…Ryoka. I’m a Runner.”
Erin seized on that sentence gratefully.
“Oh! A Runner! I get most of my food and stuff delivered by a Runner. He comes every day from the city. That’s like your job, right?”
Ryoka’s left eye twitched.
“No. That’s a Street Runner.”
“Oh?”
“I’m a City Runner.”
“Ah.”
