2.01
Page 0

“Are we going the right way? I think we’re lost.”
“Mm. Patience. This is the right direction.”
“Are you sure, Krshia? I think we’re lost. All this grass looks the same to me.”
“There is no road, Selys. We must trust we go the right way, yes? And my memory is not so poor.”
“But it’s dark.”
“If the shopkeeper lady says it’s the right place, we’re going the right way. Anyways, Klb and I have been here countless times. This is the right direction. …Right?”
“I believe so. Please take care not to fall.”
“Oh. Um, thank you.”
“I do not believe we have been formally introduced. I am Klbkch of the Free Antinium. I understand you are a friend of Erin Solstice?”
“Me? Yes! I’m Selys. I’m a receptionist at the Adventurer’s Guild. I’m very pleased to meet you.”
“Allow me to introduce my colleagues. This is Relc, who I believe you two are familiar with. Watch Captain Zevara is also joining us for the night.”
“Selys. Krshia. Good evening.”
“Hm. It is good to see you are well.”
“Oh, hello Captain Zevara.”
“And these are two other Antinium from my hive. Pawn, and Ksmvr.”
“I am Ksmvr. Allow me to apologize for recent—”
“Shut up.”
“Silence.”
“…So um, Z. Why are you here? When Klb told me you were coming, I thought he was yanking my tail.”
“I wanted to see the human who killed that freak. Besides, you’ve talked about that damn inn so much I might as well see it.”
“Well, that’s…great! You’ll love it. Erin is great for a human. You’ll see.”
“You called her a useless sack of meat after—”
“Ahahahahaha! You must have heard me wrong. I never said anything like that. Erin is a great human. She called me a dragon, you know.”
“Humans can’t tell a lizard apart from a salamander. Don’t let it get to your head.”
“…Hey Klb. Are we there yet?”
“There is the inn in the distance. We are moving in the right direction.”
“Oh good! Erin’s still awake. Maybe she has guests already?”
“That mage said he would be joining us. I can’t say I’m pleased with that, but if he’s here—”
“It could be the mage. Or um…well, you know what I said about not killing any Goblins around here, Zevara? Um—”
“Please tell me the Goblins aren’t invited.”
“Well, while we’re on the subject, how do you feel about skeletons…?”
 
—-
 
“Oh my god.”
It was perhaps the sixth time Erin had said it. She was still staring at Ryoka in some state of shock. Ryoka was staring back, but her mind was racing.
Erin was from her world. Of course. All the little pieces of her story made sense, especially the way she used catchphrases and expressions from their world. How had she not noticed? She was too tired. But this was a crucial moment. Why had Ryoka suddenly met Erin right after the call? Was it coincidence or something else? Was two people appearing so near to each other geographically simple luck or something else?
“I can’t believe it.”
Ryoka lifted her iPhone. Erin’s eyes followed it as if mesmerized, then snapped back to Ryoka’s face. Her state of shock was starting to annoy the older girl.
“Are you real? I mean, you—you’re from my world, right? This isn’t a joke, is it?”
And how would it be a joke? Ryoka bit back the sarcasm and answered politely as possible.
“I’m from Ohio. My name is Ryoka Griffin. I came here in the year 2016, around October.”
“Oh my god.”
Seven times. Ryoka tried not to let her impatience show.
“I know this is incredible, but please focus. How long have you been here? Do you know how you got here? Are you—”
“Oh my god, you’re real. You’re real!”
Ryoka tried not to make a face. Erin was freaking out.
“Look, I just had a call—it was a message that—”
