2.01
Page 8
She wasn’t drunk. The Antinium’s alcohol had tasted bitterly dark with just a hint of something fruity, but it hadn’t done anything for Erin. It was the [Alcohol Immunity]. She wasn’t drunk.
“If I had ten of him…I’d probably hate it. You know he stands in a corner? Very creepy. Veeeeery creepy.”
She was just tired. Ryoka on the other hand was drunk. But she was still able to stand upright, which was quite impressive. Then again, everyone else had been upright as they staggered out of the inn. Only the Goblins had taken the shot and fallen right down. They were still lying on the floor, insensible. Rags was sprawled face-down on one of the tables, clutching a chess piece in one hand.
Erin wasn’t sure why she was awake. She really wanted to sleep, but Ryoka was still awake. The other girl was clearly trying to keep herself upright and Erin felt it was only courteous to do the same.
Ryoka blinked several times and frowned. She was swaying in her seat. The other girl was muttering, her voice slurred.
“We have to talk. This is—crucial. Something about people? If we’re all here, what does that mean?”
“I don’t know? I didn’t know there were people.”
Ryoka frowned at her, and then nodded with difficulty.
“When you got here. That was important? When you…got here. Something about that.”
She put a hand to her head and frowned hard. Erin shrugged. She was drifting off on a sea of clouds. That’s what the table felt like. She closed her eyes, and then jerked upright. Ryoka nearly fell out of her seat.
Erin decided she had to be the voice of reason.
“It’s too late for this. We should sleep.”
Ryoka thought about this. After a moment she nodded.
“Tomorrow. But we must talk.”
“Yes. But after we sleep.”
The two agreed. They nodded so much they nearly fell asleep.
“Upstairs is a bed. You can have one.”
Erin wandered over to her kitchen. Ryoka frowned at her and then looked at the door.
“You don’t lock the doors?”
“Should I?”
“Yes.”
Erin didn’t see the point. She wavered. It was such a long way to the doors. But then Toren walked over and bolted it. She smiled. She was saved! She could go to sleep.
“There. Locked.”
Ryoka looked at the doors, squinting. Then she nodded, apparently satisfied. Without another word she stumbled towards the stairs. Erin heard her bumping into things on the way up.
Time for bed. Erin was exhausted. She stumbled towards her bedding, too tired to even think about undressing or brushing her teeth. She rolled into her blankets and stared at the roof.
So tired. So exhausted. So much money made from her guests! But all that was a backdrop to the most important thing. It had lit her up, given her wings as she’d served her guests. It was important, the only thing that mattered.
Erin whispered it up to the ceiling.
“I’m not alone.”
She smiled, and drifted off to sleep with that wonderful feeling still in her chest.
Happiness.
 
—-
 
Erin had about half an hour of sleep before the door to her inn exploded inwards. As she ran out of the kitchen she saw Pisces standing in the doorway, hands wreathed in crackling lightning. His face was pale.
Ryoka stood poised on the stairway, ready to leap down on the mage. But she stopped. Something was glowing in the dark inn, and not just the magic coiling around the mage’s hands.
A spark of light flickered and hovered around Pisces’ head. A dancing firefly made of colors and shapes. They spelled out words and meaning Ryoka couldn’t read, but she recognized them. She recognized the spell. She sat down on the stairway, legs suddenly out of energy.
