2.01
Page 6
“To life, triumph over the undead, and this inn.”
He drank, tossing the black liquid down calmly. So did Pawn and Ksmvr. No one else did. Krshia was sniffing at the drink suspiciously and Relc tasted the drink with the tip of his tongue.
“It is quite palatable.”
Erin gulped. She saw Ryoka standing away from the group, frowning down into her drink. Well, it wasn’t as if she had to drink the entire thing. She sipped at the drink. Her eyes widened.
“It’s good. Hey, this tastes good everyone!”
They all looked at her. Erin downed the drink and smiled. That seemed to reassure the others. Rags and the Goblins drank their portions down and looked around for more. Krshia tossed hers down and growled happily and Relc and Zevara did the same. Selys and Ryoka drank only a small bit, and Pisces only sipped a few drops.
“Hey it ain’t bad. Good job Klb.”
Relc laughed at his friend as he tossed the shot glass on the table. The others made similar noises of agreement. Krshia inclined her head at the Antinium.
“Perhaps I could find a market for your drink. It is agreeably strong. Gnolls, they would like this I think, yes?”
Klbkch nodded. He was smiling, or doing that raised-mandibles thing.
“It is rather potent in its current form. I regret that this is only a trial run, and the formula is not perfected yet. Perhaps we should have mitigated the effects of the drink with more paralytic agent.”
Everyone stared at him. Erin opened her mouth.
“Um. The what?”
Ryoka felt the top of her mouth go numb. She tried to put down the half-full shot glass but it slipped out of her fingers. She bent to catch it but toppled over.
Klbkch stared at the human girl as she flopped around on the ground, trying ineffectually to push herself up. He glanced around at the other non-Antinium as they began to sway, smile, or regurgitate.
“Ah.”
 
—-
 
The three Antinium strode back through the plains, towards Liscor. Or rather, the secret entrance just outside of it. There was no need to bother the guards on the gate at this hour.
And the striding aspect was similarly exaggerated, because two the Antinium were slower than the other. Pawn had to be half-carried by Ksmvr, unable to walk as he was.
Klbkch amended his pace to let the other two catch up. He spoke without turning his head and the other two answered without looking. They had no need of visual interaction. Communication between their own kind did not require social niceties as with other races.
“I regard this night as a positive outcome on the whole, even in light of the failure of the rxlvn. I will make our apologies tomorrow to the others.”
Ksmvr and Pawn didn’t nod. They didn’t have to. But Ksmvr did raise his voice. His tone was uncertain as he addressed Klbkch.
“With all due respect, would the drink not be considered a success, Prognugator? It was strong enough to affect even Relc.”
“Drinking is meant to be a social activity. The effects were too strong. Also, refrain from addressing me as Prognugator. I assumed that role out of necessity during the attack on Liscor. However, you will resume that position forthwith.”
Pawn looked at Ksmvr as the Antinium stared at Klbkch’s back.
“Am I then your superior? Your position—”
“I am second only to the Queen. A new position will be created.”
“I see. And the Individual known as Pawn?”
“For now he will remain under my authority, not yours.”
“I understand.”
The three walked on. Klbkch voice was cold and impartial as he spoke again.
