2.01
Page 5
Ryoka looked like she was having a great time. Erin could tell. She was staring around the inn, chatting to Pawn and playing chess with Rags while other Goblins sat around her and Toren kept filling her cup. She seemed distracted, but then, the inn was more animated than Erin had ever seen it.
“Captain Zevara, another plate of pasta? Or a drink?”
The tall, surly-looking Drake glanced up and waved her hand at Erin.
“I am fine. You are…Erin Solstice, aren’t you? We’ve met.”
“WE have?”
Erin blinked at Zevara and then remembered.
“Oh. We have. After Klbkch—um, how are you?”
Zevara ignored the question as she glanced around the inn.
“I came here because I wanted to see this place for myself. I thought Relc was exaggerating as usual. For once he might have been telling the truth. Although he never mentioned you serving Goblins. Or the skeleton.”
Erin glanced at Relc. The Drake avoided her gaze as Klbkch stared from the Drake to her.
“He hasn’t been around as recently. Um. I hope you like it here?”
“I didn’t come here for pleasure.”
Zevara met Erin’s gaze.
“These Goblins you’re sheltering, and the undead. They are an issue I intend to address, along with the death of the…thing that attacked my city.”
“Um, okay?”
“Zevara. Perhaps now is not the time?”
Klbkch stared at Zevara until she nodded reluctantly. He looked at Erin.
“These are matters of business. But in truth I and the others are here to celebrate the survival of the city. On that note, would you allow me to address the room?”
“What? Oh, sure, go ahead.”
Erin stood back. Klbkch nodded and stood up. She wondered how he would attract everyone’s attention with all the hubbub, but Klbkch simply raised his mug and waited. It took several minutes, but a tall, silent Antinium standing with one mug raised had a calming effect. Klbkch waited until everyone was silent and then spoke.
“To all present, allow me to say a few words. These last few days have been marked by one of the most deadly assaults on Liscor in the last decade. Errors were made on the part of the Antinium and the Watch and for that I must apologize. Needless deaths were caused, but the city and its people remain safe now. The creature which attacked Liscor is dead and as some may have noticed, I have returned to life. It is not in the nature of the Antinium to celebrate, but I adhere to other species’ customs and invite you all to celebrate these events.”
No one spoke. Erin wasn’t sure if she should clap. Klbkch nodded and went on as Ksmvr produced a bottle from somewhere and handed it to him.
“I believe it is customary to make a toast on occasions such as this. For this occasion, my Hive has manufactured its own drink. Allow me to present you with rxlvn, an alcohol we intend to sell.”
He presented a clear, glass bottle filled with some kind of black, foaming liquid to the room.
“Allow me to offer you a drink that we might toast our survival, wellbeing, and the future.”
No one moved. Relc stared at the bottle.
“Klb, that looks like dirt water. Can we even drink that?”
The Antinium nodded.
“It is quite safe, I can assure you. It has been extensively tested on Antinium and while the drink is strong, it is consumable by all present.”
He looked at Erin and she looked at Toren.
“Do we have um, any shot glasses? Anything small?”
They did, in fact. They were more like finger bowls and Erin wasn’t sure what was supposed to go in them. But they made good impromptu shot glasses, and soon each was filled with the fizzing, dark liquid.
Everyone but the Antinium stared into their bowl apprehensively as Klbkch lifted his.
