2.01
Page 7
“In the future, have the brewers reduce both alcohol content and soporific and paralytic agents in the drink. As I understand it, the act of drinking is meant to be pleasurable. Unconsciousness is the end result, not the goal.”
“Understood.”
“It will be done.”
“Very well. I will report to the Queen. I will attempt to communicate with Erin Solstice at another time. Ksmvr, return Pawn to the Hive and await instructions in the morning.”
Klbkch strode away before the other two Antinium could respond.
After a while, Pawn spoke.
“Klbkch’s motives are unclear to me. But I suppose this means I will no longer be a worker.”
Ksmvr’s voice was no longer hesitant. He replied impartially to Pawn.
“That is what we were ordered. You will, of course, obey.”
“Of course. I am loyal to the Hive. I have chosen.”
“Yet you have expressed your dissatisfaction with me to Klbkch. I am your Prognugator.”
“That is true. And you cut off my arms and leg.”
“I did what was necessary for the Hive.”
“Yes. You did.”
“You also instigated Workers to leave the Hive against my orders.”
“I suppose I did.”
The two moved on in silence. After a while Ksmvr spoke.
“Your affection for me is not necessary. However, for the good of the Hive we must work together.”
“I serve the Hive. I am loyal to the Queen.”
“Good.”
“But I still hate you.”
More silence.
“It is suggested by other species that a period of bonding may occur by shared experiences.”
“Indeed?”
“I suggest this as an attempt to amend the distrust between us.”
“I see.”
“Do you have any suggestions in this regard?”
Pawn was silent. His only leg dragged along the ground. He turned his head slightly to Ksmvr.
“Tell me. Do you know how to play chess?”
 
—-
 
The next day, Selys woke up in a room on the second floor of The Wandering Inn, next to a wet, hairy carpet. That carpet turned out to be Krshia, and the two turned out to be sharing the same bed.
Selys stared at Krshia in shock until the Gnoll opened her eyes. Krshia glared at the sun, and then blinked a few times at Selys.
“Good morning, Selys.”
“Um.”
Selys squeaked. She stared in horror at Krshia and then looked down. Their clothes were missing. She thought she saw her dress hanging out the open window. That was important, but her eyes kept getting drawn back to the Gnoll sleeping next to her. Right next to her.
“Um. Uh. Hi Krshia. You wouldn’t happen to know—did we um—did we—?”
Krshia shrugged, and then sniffed hard. She shook her head.
“Hr. Nothing happened.”
Selys almost thought she heard the Gnoll mutter ‘pity’.
“Oh. Good. I’m um—I’m just—I have to—”
Selys rolled out of bed, fled the inn, and locked herself in her apartment for the rest of the day.
 
—-
 
Two hours after Selys fled, Relc found himself lying in the plains, completely naked. He stood up, looked for his clothing, and gave up. The naked Drake strolled through the southern gates of Liscor around the same time the Watch Captain was found passed out in one of the street gutters.
 
—-
 
Six hours before Relc caused a disturbance, Pisces woke up with light shining on his face. He waved his hands feebly and then sat up. What he’d thought was the sun turned out to be something else. He stared at the flickering magic and turned pale.
 
—-
 
Around an hour after everyone had vacated the inn, Erin slumped at a table, blearily watching Toren as he moved around the room, picking up plates and mugs and bringing them to the kitchen.
“See that? That’s useful. Like a…dishwasher with legs. And a sword.”
