2.01
Page 2
Erin snuffled, sniffled, and nodded. She scooted back to the table while Ryoka tried to collect her thoughts. People. Talking. This wasn’t her forte, but she thought she had a handle on what was happening. First things first.
“I know this is a lot to take in, but let’s both try to calm down. I’m from Earth, and so are you. And I’ve just learned that other people are here too, scattered around the world.”
Erin’s eyes widened.
“We’re not alone? You mean—”
“Yes. And there’s a lot to talk about, but let’s just start with the basics. When did you get here? How did you arrive? What was the last date in our world that you remember? If we start with that, maybe—”
Ryoka broke off suddenly. Erin looked up as someone knocked on the door.
“Oh?”
“Are you expecting guests?”
Erin blinked. The Asian girl had pushed back her chair and was suddenly tensed, like a wild animal. She shrugged.
“Not really, but maybe they’re just late.”
She raised her voice.
“Come in!”
The door opened. Ryoka stared and took a step back as a giant, brownish-black insect walked into the inn. She looked at Erin, but the other girl was smiling. Ryoka’s mouth fell open slightly in surprise.
“Klbkch! Hey! Come on in!”
Ryoka stared as the Antinium nodded to Erin. Then she stared harder as a giant lizard man walked into the room, followed by what looked like a slightly less-hairy Wookie and another lizard. And then the insect talked.
“Good evening Miss Solstice. I hope we are not intruding?”
“What? No. I um—no. Wow. I didn’t expect so many guests so late.”
Ryoka stared at Erin. The other girl was smiling.
“I hope we are not intruding, but our affairs in the city took a long time to conclude.”
“Oh, Krshia, Selys! And Relc and Klbkch—is that—Pawn? Ksmvr?”
Erin caught sight of Zevara and her eyes widened.
“Wow. Um. Are you all here for food?”
“If you are able to host us, it would be most welcome. I regret to say that more guests are with us, however.”
Klbkch nodded to Relc and the others. The door opened wider to admit more bodies.
“And it appears other guests have arrived with us.”
A throng of short creatures entered the room, and this time Ryoka took a step back. She stared at the squat, green, crimson-eyed little demons and looked at Erin. The girl didn’t even appear fazed.
Then a mage stepped into the room. Well, he was obviously a mage by the long robes he wore, but the effect was muted by the grass stains and other marks on the once-white cloth. Ryoka recognized Pisces in an instant and slowly sat down in the chair. Her head was spinning.
When Erin saw Pisces and Rags her jaw dropped. She counted silently as her guests awkwardly stood at the entrance. Some were looking at Erin, but most were staring at each other.
Zevara was eying the Goblins with unconcealed malice and the Goblins were busy edging away from everyone but Erin. The three Antinium looked around silently while Selys stared in horrified fascination at the Antinium, the Goblins, and at Ryoka. Krshia sniffed the air while Relc patted his stomach and Pisces stared around with a half-sneer on his face.
Erin’s head was reeling. She was surprised, caught off-guard, and she had no idea where Toren was. But she was an [Innkeeper]. She might be busy, but she had guests. She rose to the occasion.
“I’ve got pasta!”
 
—-
 
