2.01
Page 1
She got no further. Erin lunged across the table. Ryoka’s fists raised instinctively, but the other girl just threw her arms around her.
“What? Um. What are you—?”
“I’m not alone? I’m not alone! You’re here and—oh my god. You’re here!”
“I am. Why are you…? I mean, yes. You’re not alone.”
Ryoka felt the other girl squeezing her hard. She was having trouble breathing. Erin was stronger than she looked.
“Look, you don’t have to—please—are you—?”
Erin’s muffled noises turned into dampness on Ryoka’s shirt. She was…crying?
Ryoka froze up. She didn’t know what to do. She patted Erin gently on the shoulder. Once. Twice.
“Um. I—”
She had no idea what to say. Erin was weeping into her shirt, and the feeling wasn’t pleasant. Ryoka knew she should say something reassuring, but she’d never done this before.
She wasn’t alone. That was what Erin wanted to hear, right? Ryoka could tell her that. She was one of many. She was—Ryoka could tell her that she wasn’t alone. That would cheer her up. If she met with the others—
The others. Ryoka froze, forgetting everything else in a moment of cold realization. Others. There weren’t just a few. Or even sixteen. She’d completely glossed over that fact in the light of all that had happened. Sleep deprivation, the excitement of the call and meeting Erin—
She’d stopped thinking. But now her slow-moving brain had fitted the pieces together. Statistics. It all boiled down to percentages. There weren’t just sixteen people in this world. There weren’t even just a hundred. There were many more.
How many people had working iPhones at the time of the call? How many had their iPhones when they arrived? What percentage of people have iPhones to begin with?
And of that number, how many people died or weren’t able to answer the call? How many ignored it out of fear or caution?
How many people were in this world?
Hundreds? Thousands? Tens of thousands? Ryoka felt something twist in her stomach.
Humans band together. They make laws. They go to war. Perhaps other species didn’t do that. But humans did. And peace for humans is only an interlude till the next war.
In Ryoka’s mind, she imagined Celum. A city caught between the renaissance and the medieval age. They didn’t have technology, those people. They didn’t have anything valuable by her world’s standards. Just gold, jewelry.
And magic.
In Ryoka’s mind, Celum burned. Fighter jets screamed down through the sky, strafing cities and dropping bombs in the streets while tanks rolled across open plains, firing at armies that had never known gunpowder. Scientists in hazmat suits walked around next to surveyors and prospectors identifying oil wells while magic and nonhumans were dissected and studied – made fact.
A colony world. Imperialism. Mandate of Heaven. White man’s burden.
In the time it took Erin to hug and release Ryoka, a world burned down behind her eyes. It was an easy equation to solve. One person was an accident, a fluke. Two people was unusual. But more? More was an open gateway. And no door opened in only one direction.
“Sorry.”
Erin wiped her nose on her sleeve as she let Ryoka go. She was snotty in a literal sense and her eyes were puffy, but she was smiling. Ryoka felt like someone had grabbed a piece of ice and stuck it in her gut.
“This is just so—so wonderful! I can’t believe it. You’re here. You’re from home.”
“It is amazing.”
Ryoka chose her words carefully as she brushed at her wet shirt. Her hand hit a damp, sticky spot and she immediately stopped.
“Um, Erin, right? Why don’t we sit and talk.”
