2.01
Page 4
“I don’t know. She was really nice earlier. Sorry about that. Why’s that Zevara person here, by the way?”
“She wanted to see you. I think it was because you killed that skin monster.”
“Me? I didn’t. That was the Goblins.”
Selys rolled her eyes.
“They just finished it off is what Klbkch says. Erin! The entire city’s talking about you!”
“Really?”
“Oh yes. If it weren’t so crazy over there, I’m sure plenty of people would be coming over to look at you.”
“Um.”
Erin wasn’t sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing.
“…How are things? I heard a lot of people died.”
Selys paused. She looked down.
“A lot of people did. Not as many as there could have been, thanks to the Watch and the Antinium but—it’s not the worst disaster we’ve been through. And we’re rebuilding. Stronger with each dead scale, you know?”
“You fought didn’t you? You have to tell me about it!”
“Only if you tell me your side. But guess what? I leveled up! And I gained a new class!”
“What, really?”
“Yep! You’re looking at a Level 4 [Warrior] now!”
Selys puffed out her chest with pride as Erin made appropriate sounds of awe.
“It seems like half the city leveled or gained a new class. That’s war for you. No bad without some good. Anyways, Krshia and I wanted to celebrate and we knew you were alone out here.”
“Well, I have Toren.”
“He doesn’t count. We wanted to come alone, but then Relc decided to come with that Klbkch and Zevara told us she was coming and…”
At this point Ryoka stopped listening to the whispered conversation. She was putting together the pieces, but sleeplessness on top of sudden social interaction after a long day of running was not helping. The only upside was that she was rapidly running out of ways to be surprised. When Ryoka met Pisces, the [Necromancer] who’d fixed her leg and who was apparently teacher to one of the Goblins, she took it in stride.
At some point a skeleton walked into the inn with a huge basket of blue fruits and a bucket of water in each hand. He paused as Zevara and Klbkch unsheathed their swords.
“Stop, stop!”
Erin ran forwards between Toren and the others. Klbkch was already sheathing his sword, but Zevara took several minutes of explaining before she rammed her blade back in its sheath.
Ryoka remained perfectly still as Erin introduced Toren to her. She looked into his deathly gaze and the twin blue flames burning in his eyes and did not shake the proffered bony hand. He disappeared into the kitchen and reappeared with a plate and drink which he served to Ryoka.
Undead service workers. Ryoka instantly saw how useful it could be. It was a great idea in theory, but seeing it in practice was—unnerving. She kept glancing at his bones, wondering how they were even staying upright without muscles and skin. Were there magical, invisible threads animating him somehow?
She ate more food, drank more blue juice. Ryoka’s head was spinning as she asked herself a thousand questions at once. When the Gnoll named Krshia introduced herself Ryoka tried to be polite as possible.
She’d seen other species, of course, but they’d always been monsters. Perhaps she’d seen one or two of these…Gnolls in the cities, but never in person. And here were three—four new races if you counted the Goblins, sitting in the inn, talking, acting like people.
At some point the smallest Goblin hopped up on the seat opposite Ryoka and slapped a chess board in front of her. Ryoka thought she looked familiar, but then the Goblin moved a chess piece and stared at her. Erin wandered by, offering chess tips and then the game and everything else blended into the nightmare.
 
—-
 
