2.01
Page 3
Hell is something you create. Ryoka was a firm believer in not believing in religions, but the idea of hell had always been intriguing to her. Obviously a place of brimstone and pitchforks was ridiculous, but the idea of suffering, of damnation was interesting. How could hell be one thing? How could it be a constant, when it should be the representation of misery and suffering for each individual?
Damnation shouldn’t be something you went to. It should be a place you create for yourself out of your own guilt and fear. People create their own hells and sit in them. Ryoka was sure she had read a quote like that somewhere.
Right now, Ryoka was sitting in her own personal, localized hell. She was still in The Wandering Inn, but now it was full of people. Talking, noisy people who kept introducing themselves to her. And unlike every other party she’d been to, every other soiree and social gathering, here she couldn’t run away.
Ryoka sat at a table and stared around the common room of the inn. Suddenly it was bustling. From the quiet, dark room she’d found only an hour or two ago, it had been transformed into a raucous place full of light and noise.
At least half of the raucousness came from a large Drake sitting in the center of the room next to one of the Antinium. He was called Relc, and he’d greeted Ryoka by spraying her with a mouthful of blue juice and shouting ‘It’s you! The Runner human!’
It was a good thing Runners carried a spare change of clothes. At least the Drake’s companion had been polite enough. He was an Antinium. So were the other two black bugs sitting in the room. They’d made Ryoka’s skin crawl when she’d first realized what they were, but now she was just confused.
One of them, an Antinium with only two arms and one leg—was playing chess with one of the Goblins. Pawn and Rags. Ryoka kept feeling at her forehead with the back of her hand to make sure she wasn’t fevered.
And there were more. Erin was buzzing around the room, filling drinks, serving plates of pasta up, but somehow she found time to talk with Ryoka as well. She’d brought another Drake over to Ryoka’s table in the corner of the room. Erin beamed as she introduced her friend.
“Hey Ryoka, this is Selys! Selys, meet Ryoka. She’s a Runner.”
The female Drake – Ryoka was fairly certain she was female – opened her mouth and revealed a row of very sharp teeth.
“Oh, a City Runner? We haven’t had one of those around in a while! How are you?”
“Good.”
Ryoka took Selys’s hand, shook it once, and then quickly let go. It took her all of her self-control not to wipe her hand at the touch of smooth scales.
Erin didn’t seem to notice Ryoka’s discomfort. She turned to Selys, beaming.
“Hey Selys, you won’t believe this. I just talked to Ryoka and guess what? It turns out that—ow!”
Ryoka kicked Erin. She didn’t even try to conceal it. Every head turned towards their table and the room went silent for a second.
Across the room Ksmvr reached for a sword at his side. Ryoka’s spine crawled, but the other Antinium—Klbkch?—instantly smacked Ksmvr’s shoulder and he stopped.
“Um.”
“Oops.”
“Ow, why’d you—”
Erin glanced at Ryoka’s face and back to Selys. She smiled again, although this time it was somewhat forced.
“Well, um. Ryoka, this is Selys. Selys, Ryoka.”
The Drake smiled at Ryoka again, and backed up a little bit. Her tail was twisting around, Ryoka noticed.
“It was…nice to meet you, Miss Ryoka.”
“Likewise.”
The two retreated. Selys pulled Erin aside.
“Is she…sick?”
Erin made a face as she rubbed at her shin. That kick had hurt.
