2.02
Page 1
“You really care about them, don’t you? I mean, I do too, but Ryoka, this is crazy.”
Ryoka shrugged.
“I owe them a debt. I’ll go down there myself and come out with them or stay there forever.”
Now that sounded heroic and pretty crazy. Erin opened her mouth and raised a finger.
“Or we could get reinforcements.”
“You said that about your two guardsmen friends.”
“I did. But I know more people. Zevara said she’d forbid Relc and Klbkch from coming. Well, she can do that, but I bet Klb’s more important than her.”
“Fine. Let’s ask him.”
Ryoka turned and began walking. She moved so quick! Her version of walking was Erin’s version of a jog. The girl made it ten feet and then turned around and glared at Erin.
“Well? What are you waiting for?”
Erin smiled desperately and looked around.
“Um, I’ve never really been to the Hive. We might have to ask for directions or find a Worker.”
“A what?”
 
—-
 
Slow people. Slow conversations. The Horns of Hammerad are alive! I should be running down to the Ruins now, but I’m stuck here with a girl who doesn’t seem to understand the meaning of haste*.
 
*Or a lot of other things, if I’m honest. She’s a person from my world, I get that. But is she just completely airheaded or does she not take everything seriously? She hangs out with talking bugs and doesn’t even blink at crazed demon midgets**.
**Goblins.
 
Time. It all comes down to time. Not everything’s a 400 meter dash, but some things come down to seconds.
This is an emergency. My frien—Ceria and the others are alive. At least she is. And she’s been down in the Ruins for days, possibly without water or food all that time. She is alive.
I have to help her. But somehow I’m stuck following Erin Solstice around. She’s fine. She’s an innkeeper. But she doesn’t seem to understand how important this is.
I had to push her to run through the streets and she stopped when she got embarrassed from people staring. We found the Hive, and the strange Worker insect disappeared inside for a few minutes before he came out with the strange Antinium.
Antinium. The murderous invaders from across the world. I could use an entire army of them, but it seems like we’re not going to get any.
“—And then she said she’d forbid you to help! Can you believe that?”
What is it with this girl and talking to people? I should just go. Now. But—
Zombies? Erin did say there were zombies, right?
Can I fight zombies? Would punching them even work?
What if I get bit?
I have to go.
Klbkch, the Antinium with only two arms stares first at Erin, and then me. I don’t like him. He drugged us last night, or slipped us some kind of magical alcohol. I took a sip of that and went insane.
What does he want? Why does Erin think he’ll help her? If he’s the Prognugator of the Hive here he should be far too important to want to deal with us.
Unless he suspects where we’re from. Or is it something else? That book said Antinium don’t have names except for the Prognugator and Queens. So why did I meet two other Antinium with names?
Focus. I have to save Ceria and the others.
“So um. Can we have a few of those big soldier guys?”
Klbkch crosses his arms and seems to think. The Worker that got him left the instant he completed his task, but Klbkch came out of the hive with the Antinium with swords. Ksmvr. He makes me just as uneasy. Is he a bodyguard? Some new form of Antinium? Or is that Klbkch? They’re not supposed to have only two arms.
At last, Klbkch shakes his head reluctantly.
“I am sorry Erin, but I cannot assist you.”
