2.02
Page 4
The Gnoll was silent as she stood behind her stall full of carefully arranged wares. Another Drake trotted up, happy to be served at last. Krshia turned to look at him and his scales turned grey and he stumbled away.
Slowly, Krshia turned and went back into her small stall. She pawed around near the back, until she came to a long, rolled up bundle placed carefully on top of a few crates. Krshia brought it back and laid it on her counter, brushing aside her display to make room.
She did not move any faster than usual. There would be time enough for that, later.
Krshia unwrapped the bow and stood it upright in her shop. She drew the string out of the bundle, checking to make sure it was still oiled and unfrayed. Then she began stringing the bow.
Across the street Lism, the waste of fur of a shopkeeper, was marching towards Krshia. Probably to complain about one of the two humans. Krshia took no notice of him. She reached into the bundle and pulled out a wrapped bundle.
Lism took one look at the huge broadhead arrows Krshia unwrapped from their wax paper covering and immediately turned around and walked away. The other pedestrians on the street took one look at the shopkeeper arming herself and made themselves scarce.
The bow was strung, and Krshia put the arrows in a quiver at her side. She was ready. She opened the side panel of her shop and stepped out.
Then she raised her head to the sky and began to howl.
 
—-
 
Selys had no better news for Erin. The Drake only shook her head and spread her hands helplessly.
“Sorry, Erin. I know this is serious but no one wants to go into the Ruins. Not after what came out.”
“But there are other adventurers trapped down there. Friends. Comrades in arms and that sort of thing. You’re saying no one will help?”
“All the best human adventurers went down with the Horns of Hammerad. The ones who are left are, well…”
“We’re just smarter than that lot, that’s all.”
Both Drake and human turned to look at who had spoken. A Drake with a sword sat with his feet up at a table, balancing on the chair with his tail. He laughed as his friends, all Drakes, started making jokes about the adventurers.
Erin stared around the room desperately. There weren’t all Drake and Gnolls in the room. Some humans were there too, but none of them would meet her eyes. Or the ones that did were laughing at the adventurers.
“Won’t any of you help? Please, they’re in trouble.”
“They should have gotten themselves out of trouble or not gone looking for it in the first place, Human.”
The Drake who had first spoken laughed again with his buddies.
“Or maybe they just ran the instant they saw undead and got themselves killed. Either way, we’re not risking our hides for a few idiots.”
“Cowards.”
Ryoka said it loudly, and it had the same effect as a knife. It cut through the sound and laughter and made the Drake who had spoken sit forwards with a thump.
The mood changed. The adventurers at the table glared at Ryoka. She glared back.
“I thought adventurers were supposed to be brave. You lot should get rid of your swords and become Runners. At least they get paid to run away.”
The Drakes at the table stood up, hissing angrily. Selys banged her hand on the counter.
“Stop that! No fighting! This city’s had enough of it!”
The Drakes hesitated. The mood in the room wasn’t on their side, and they weren’t itching for a fight in any case.
