2.02
Page 3
“Hrm. But it is very dangerous. That creature of skin, there may be more, yes? And even if there is not, many undead did not perish in the attack. They will all be waiting down there.”
“Will you come or not?”
Erin winced. Being blunt and rude towards a Gnoll was…well, actually it wasn’t a bad thing. Krshia snorted in amusement at Ryoka.
“Patience, young huntress. Even with Ksmvr, warrior that he is, you two and the mage and skeleton are not enough, yes? I suggest waiting because in time help may arrive.”
“Help? What kind of help?”
Krshia smiled at Erin.
“Several of my tribe come down the southern road. They will be here today, if not earlier. They are warriors all, and they will surely help find your humans for you.”
Krshia’s words sparked a memory in Ryoka’s head. She stared at the Gnoll. It couldn’t be a coincidence. Erin shook her head at Krshia.
“We can’t wait. I’m sorry, but we’re going in. Will you come?”
Regretfully, Krshia shook her head.
“I cannot. I must wait for my kin and my arrows would do little good against dead things.”
Erin exhaled hard. She’d thought that was the case, but it still hurt.
“Okay. Okay. In that case I need to buy some stuff.”
Krshia spread her paws.
“My shop is open. I have healing potions which I will give you, and you may pay me later. What do you need? Ask.”
“Frying pans, knives…actually, rocks will do. So only frying pans.”
“Frying pans?”
Krshia looked dubious, but she saw Erin was serious.
“Very well. I have good ones of cast iron. How many do you wish for?”
“Two…three…how many do you have?”
Erin took only a minute to select the right frying pans. Then she turned and nodded at Ryoka.
“Selys, then. She might be able to help. If not we’ll go.”
The other girl didn’t move. She was staring at Krshia, frowning. Ryoka seemed to be struggling with something, and both of the other females finally noticed it. Krshia smiled at Ryoka.
“Do you have something you wish to say?”
“These other Gnolls you said were coming. They’re coming up the south road?”
“Yes. If you wait, they will be here soon.”
“No. They won’t.”
Krshia frowned at Ryoka.
“What makes you sure of that?”
“They’re dead. I saw them.”
Erin looked from Ryoka back to Krshia just in time to see the Gnoll shopkeeper go completely still. Her tail, usually gently wagging, stopped. Her ears froze and her pupils dilated. She stared at Ryoka.
“Explain.”
“I found a group of dead Gnolls on my way to Liscor. They were around forty miles away from the city, all of them killed. Something cut them apart.”
Krshia flexed her hand by her side. Both Erin and Ryoka’s eyes were drawn downwards when she did. Normally, Krshia had a paw for a hand, furrier than a human’s but generally the same. Now her claws seemed to lengthen. Maybe it was a trick of the light. But to look at Krshia’s hands at that moment was to remember that she had nails. Long and sharp nails, the kind you could use to cut someone to ribbons.
The Gnoll stared down at Ryoka silently. Her face was expressionless, and her voice equally devoid of emotion.
“Who?”
“I don’t know. But a few hours later I met someone on the road. A woman with a large eye named Gazi.”
Erin stared in open-mouthed astonishment at Ryoka, but Krshia only nodded.
“Thank you for telling me this, Ryoka Griffin. I trust you are not lying?”
“No.”
Krshia inclined her head slowly.
“I thought as much and sense the truth of it. Very well. You must go. Save your friends.”
Erin hesitated, but Ryoka pulled her away. The two girls ran down the street as Krshia watched them go.
