2.02
Page 7
Erin threatened Rags. Ryoka wondered how credible that was—Erin didn’t seem like she was the athletic type, and Ryoka seriously doubted she’d ever played baseball. Maybe softball, at best. She didn’t seem like the competitive type.
Rags glared at Erin, stumbled a few feet away, and threw up noisily in the grass. She paused after vomiting up a considerable amount of undigested food, thought for second, and then threw up again.
Erin stumbled as she turned, dizzy from the swinging herself. She nearly walked into another Goblin. Rag’s small posse was alternating between glaring at her and staring at the vomit in the grass with curiosity or hunger.
Maybe they were protective of their boss. She didn’t care. Erin glared at them.
“You wanna fight? Huh?”
The Goblins looked at their leader, still noisily being sick in the grass. They looked back at the Destroyer, Slayer of the Skin Monster, Provider of Pasta and Free Drinks. They backed up quickly.
Rags was nearly done puking. The Goblin wiped at her mouth and said something in her scratchy language. Erin pointed at her.
“You’re helping. No arguments. You and your tribe—”
Erin hesitated and turned around. The area was already emptying out of Goblins as they ran away.
“Damn it.”
Ryoka glanced at her. The girl’s earlier amusement at the spectacle had evaporated like the other Goblins.
“We’ve got to go. Why do you want the Goblin, anyways? Even her tribe wouldn’t be much help.”
Erin disagreed.
“She’s got a sword and a shield. Plus, she knows magic.”
Ryoka paused.
“…She does?”
“Yeah, maybe not as much as you, but some. And she was the one who killed the super-evil-skin-worm monster that was leading the undead.”
Ryoka stared at her. Erin threw up her hands.
“It’s true! Why does no one believe that?”
 
—-
 
They met Pisces waiting at the Ruins. The mage was antsy, and he hadn’t brought anything but his customarily dirty robes. He didn’t have his usual sneer though, and he was nervous. Possibly the only person more nervous than him was Ksmvr.
“I would deem it far more prudent for you to remain behind, Erin Solstice. You are no warrior, and the Ruins are dangerous.”
“They’re my friends. I’m going in there.”
Erin glared at Ksmvr. The Antinium wavered, and then sighed.
“Very well. But remain behind me at all times.”
Rags glared at the Antinium as he looked down at her, and then at Toren.
“You have chosen an unusual group.”
“No one else would come.”
“I see.”
Ryoka ignored the two and marched up to Pisces. He looked at her with the expression of someone trying to recall her name. She didn’t care.
“Did you get another message from them?”
He shook his head.
“Possibly something is blocking Ceria. Or her mana might still be low. It is possible if she is…wounded.”
“Right then, let’s find her.”
“I suppose so. But there’s a ah, problem.”
“What’s that?”
He nodded at the vast entrance to the ruins.
“The guardsmen won’t let us in.”
After the attack on Liscor, a palisade and deep ditch had been dug, and the guards at the entrance to the Ruins were now twenty strong, armed with arrows and torches and even a Drake mage in robes at the back. The guardsman in charge stared at Erin and the others as they marched up.
“We’re going in.”
The Drakes and Gnolls stared at Erin as she stood in front of them. One of them laughed, but stopped when no one joined them. Their leader, a Drake with maroon scales shook his head.
“No one goes in or out. Zevara’s orders.”
“She knows we’re going in.”
“She does?”
“She does.”
He shook his head.
“I can’t let you in without word from her.”
“That is regrettable.”
