2.02
Page 8
Ksmvr called from behind Erin. He shook his head.
“We should return to the city. It would not do to stand in defiance of the law.”
Ryoka opened her mouth—for what, she didn’t know. A threat? She wasn’t sure of anything that would work. But Erin just narrowed her eyes.
“You’ll let us in.”
“Or what?”
“Or I’ll hurt you.”
The Drake stared at Erin. She glared at him. He had nearly a head of height on her not counting his helmet, and he had a spear and nineteen guardsmen at his back. All Erin had was a frying pan. But he remembered where Skinner had died and he had [Dangersense] too. The look in Erin’s eyes made him reconsider his next words.
“We will send word to the city. If you’ll wait.”
Erin pushed him. The Drake stumbled back and nearly ran into the sharpened wall of stakes. Erin stomped past him without another word, and the others followed. Ryoka stared open-mouthed at her back and then hurried to catch up.
The Ruins were dark, and the open stone doors were just as foreboding as before. But despite the ominous blackness from within, Erin knew there was no turning back. But she did have a thought.
“Um. Did anyone bring a candle?”
“[Light].”
Pisces and Ryoka said it at the same time as Rags muttered something. Three orbs of shimmering light flew upwards as all three blinked at each other.
“Good, then we’re…good.”
Erin looked back into the Ruins. Here be monsters, she thought to herself. Nasty, undead monsters. This was the place where Skinner had come from. This is the place where countless adventurers had died.
Death lurked below, waiting. But so too did the Horns of Hammerad. There was no choice. Erin took a deep breath.
“Ready?”
Pisces looked green, but he nodded. Rags scowled at Erin and Ryoka and the ground. Toren’s sword was already drawn and the skeleton scanned the dark entrance.
Ksmvr stepped forwards.
“Allow me to go first, Miss Solstice. I will scout ahead and signal you when it is safe to proceed.”
“No. We go in together.”
He hesitated, but Erin pushed past him. Ryoka blinked in surprise. Erin walked into the darkness of the ruins, and then turned.
“Well? I can’t see anything if you guys don’t follow.”
The others hesitated, but then they walked forwards. Ryoka passed into the darkness and shivered. Her tongue was in her mouth and her heart was pounding. She was afraid. For the first time she was truly afraid. Of the unknown. Of what she did not know. Of being too late.
But she had to go.
A dirty [Necromancer], a Goblin, an undead skeleton, the Prognugator of an Antinium Hive, an [Innkeeper] and a City Runner walked into the Ruins. It sounded like the beginning of a joke, but what would the punch line be?
Gazi the Omniscient sat with her back to a slope several hundred meters away. Her main eye pointed into the back of her head as she tracked the progress of the strange group as they descended into the Ruins.
Let’s see. By primary classes they were…
A Level 12 [Warrior] Antinium.
A Level 27 [Necromancer] with [Mage] class levels.
A Level 8 [Warrior], Level 6 [Mage] and Level 10 [Tactician] Goblin.
A Level 11 [Skeleton Warrior] carrying a ruby enchanted with [Terror].
A Level 18 [Innkeeper] Human.
And a level-less Runner Human.
A joke, then. Something about Ruins? Or the undead. They could be humorous. Gazi frowned. She’d work on it while she waited for them to come back out. She had plenty of time.
