2.02
Page 5
They sat back down. Perhaps it was the look in Ryoka’s eye and the rumors about a crazed Runner girl with bare feet. But it was probably because of the look Erin gave them. Everyone had heard about the human who slew the monster made of skin.
“I’m sorry.”
Selys apologized again, but Erin just shook her head. Ryoka was already leaving the Guild, and Erin ran after her with a hurried apology for Selys.
This time Ryoka set a course for the gates of the city without even talking. Erin had to walk quickly to catch up. The two girls walked through the crowds of people silently.
They heard the howling begin as they left the Adventurer’s Guild. It was immediately joined by more voices of other Gnolls around the city, so that the streets rang with the sound and Drakes and Humans froze and stared around wildly. But neither girl so much as looked up.
“Well. Ksmvr said he’d meet us at the Ruins. That’s something.”
“I suppose. Do you have anything you need at the inn?”
“Yeah. Give me a few minutes and I’ll be good to go.”
“Good. I’ll help you grab everything. We need food, water, healing potions—”
Erin lifted the bag she’d carried from Krshia’s store. She had healing potions, and the three frying pans she’d brought. Ryoka eyed them but made no comment. After a moment Erin asked the question on her mind.
“You met Gazi?”
“You know her?”
“Yeah. She was at my inn. She helped me out too, when I first met her. She was, um, nice. Do you think she really…?”
“I don’t know. But she was close to those Gnolls and she pretended not to know what I was talking about when I asked.”
Ryoka walked on and hesitated.
“She…bothered me.”
“Was it the eye? That creeped me out a bit.”
“No. It was her. I can’t explain it, but each of those Gnolls that died was beheaded. With a single cut.”
“Oh. She has…a really sharp sword.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
They said nothing more until they got back to the inn. It took them only fifteen minutes, and Erin was gasping for breath when they got there. Ryoka looked at her in way that made Erin feel certain she was judging her. She wasn’t even sweating.
It was cold anyways, not the right temperature for sweating. It didn’t feel like winter, but then, maybe they were in the equivalent of Florida or something. Erin opened the door and jumped back.
Toren stood in the doorway, holding his sword. He stared curiously at Erin as Ryoka raised her fists and stepped back.
“Toren! Don’t stand with a sword in the doorway! Come on; help me!”
Erin pushed the skeleton aside and Toren sheathed his sword and began following her around as she yelled out instructions. Ryoka watched the skeleton warily, but Toren meekly ran about, gathering a few glowing green jars, supplies, and for some reason, several rocks from outside.
“Ready!”
Erin reappeared a few minutes later with a bulging rucksack, and all three frying pans strapped to it. Ryoka eyed the bag. Well, Erin could always stay in the back and carry the food. She had no idea how deep the Ruins were. She had no idea of anything, really.
It was the worst possible way to enter a dangerous area, but Ryoka had no choice. She had to go.
“Are you done? Let’s get moving.”
“Okay. Toren will carry everything until we get there.”
So saying, Erin handed the heavy pack to the skeleton. He accepted it without complaint and staggering a bit, followed Erin and Ryoka. Ryoka thrust open the door and paused.
Several Goblins jumped back, and one screamed in a high-pitched voice. Ryoka nearly threw herself back into Erin before she remembered these were nominally friendly Goblins.
“Rags!”
