2.02
Page 2
Her face falls. I heard some people wear their feelings on their sleeve, but Erin paints it on a sign and waves it around wherever she goes.
“What? Why?”
“By the agreement made with Liscor, we may not bring out Soldiers above-ground unless requested by a figure of authority or in times of war or defense of the city.”
Damn, damn, damn. But I guess it’s my turn. If I could get some of those soldiers Erin is talking about…I clear my throat. Klbkch looks at me. I hate talking to strangers.
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but aren’t the Ruins a clear threat? That’s where these undead came from, right? Neutralizing it would constitute defense of the city.”
Not good. Two interrogative statements. I should be making declaratives and speaking confidently. That’s what good old dad taught me. Look people in the eye, speak clearly, and lie through your teeth when you have to.
Klbkch nods at me, and takes his time replying, like a lawyer building his case.
“That is true under a certain interpretation. But I believe many would see it as a dangerous precedent, especially given the failure of the Antinium to act during the undead attack.”
“No. Klbkch, we need help. Really badly. Ryoka and I can’t go down there by ourselves. Or even with Toren and Pisces.”
Whoa. Slow down. Did she just say she was going with me? And what was that? Toren? The skeleton? She wants to take a skeleton to fight against its kind? Can she even trust that thing?
Klbkch just nods as if it’s all natural, though.
“I understand. But my Queen would take Zevara’s view, I fear. I can render some aid, though.”
“Really?”
He nods. Klbkch looks over his shoulder at the other Antinium.
“Ksmvr. Go with Erin Solstice and protect her.”
The other Antinium’s mandibles spread wide, their version of a surprised expression, I guess.
“I? But I am Prognugator. I cannot—”
“Silence. You will go.”
Klbkch turns back to Erin and bows his head politely. Why do I get something of a Japanese vibe from the Antinium? Stereotypes about the Japanese corporate life aside, maybe because they’re so polite.
A single warrior from a Hive that’s capable of fielding thousands of soldiers at any given moment seems weak to me, but Erin smiles.
“So you’re not going to try and stop me, then?”
“If I told you not to go, I believe you would. You and Relc share the same tendencies.”
“That’s not a compliment.”
“I am aware.”
Okay, if that’s all, it’s time to go.
“It’s time to go. Let’s get to the Ruins.”
Erin shakes her head. Is she mule headed or does she not realize that we need to hurry?
“Not yet. Krshia and Selys might be able to help. Let’s go see them.”
Unless they’re both secretly incredible warriors I doubt it. But Klbkch seems approving. He nods to me as I hurry Erin away.
His voice is soft, but I hear him talking quietly to the other one, Ksmvr as I go. Erin doesn’t notice. She’s too busy deciding whether to see Krshia or Selys first. But I hear him.
“Protect Erin and those she travels with. Her life is more important than yours. If she is harmed or dies, I will see you deconstructed.”
Something else to think about, but not now. I keep pushing Erin, ignoring her complaints that her feet hurt. We can’t slow. I can’t stop.
We have to hurry.
I won’t be too late again.
 
—-
 
“Will you not wait a day?”
“No.”
Ryoka said it before Erin could even respond. It was incredible, but the other girl was even more hyperactive than before. She was shifting from leg to leg, checking the position of the sun and the time on her iPhone every few seconds.
“We can’t wait, Krshia. If Ceria’s down there, she might be in danger even as we speak.”
