2.02
Page 0

“Who’s ‘they’?”
“Pisces didn’t say. He only said that if Ceria was alive there could be others.”
“And she’s alive?”
“Yes! The message-spell-thingy said she needed help. She’s somewhere in the Ruins, down deep.”
“And with Relc and Klbkch you think you can save them, right?”
“Yeah!”
“Forget it.”
Erin paused.
“…What?”
Zevara held a wet washcloth to her head and scowled at Erin over her desk.
“I said no. I’m not sending two of my best guardsmen into that place without a good reason. You want to save those damn adventurers? Do it yourself.”
“But we need them! Relc and Klbkch—they’re Senior Guardsmen. They can fight.”
“They’re Senior Guardsmen.”
Zevara agreed as she absently massaged her temples.
“But they’re under no obligation to help non-citizens. Which is what you are. Moreover, I won’t risk losing Klbkch again. Not after last time.”
Erin opened her mouth to protest, and the Captain of the Watch stared pointedly at her.
“Not again.”
Erin closed her mouth and frowned stubbornly.
“I’ll just ask them to help on their own time, then.”
“I’ll forbid them to help you. They’re valuable assets to the city.”
“You can’t do that!”
“Watch me.”
Erin stared at Zevara. The Drake’s eyes were a light purple, and she held Erin’s gaze until the human looked away.
“You—you—”
“If you’re done, get out. I’ve got a city to protect, and I don’t need to listen to a human squawking at me.”
For one second, the girl thought about flipping Zevara’s desk over and spilling all her neat paperwork on the floor. She didn’t because it wouldn’t help anything, and because the desk looked really heavy.
Plus, Selys had told her that Zevara could breathe fire.
The girl stomped to the door and Zevara winced and scowled at her. Erin turned, hand on the doorknob.
“If they die, it’s your fault.”
Zevara’s face was stony.
“Tell that to the people who have already died.”
There was nothing she could say to that, so Erin left. She slammed the door as hard as she could behind her. That made her feel a little better.
Ryoka was waiting impatiently at the foot of the stairs as Erin came down. The taller girl was practically bouncing on her bare feet, ignoring the stares she was getting from the other guardsmen in the Watch’s barracks.
“Well?”
Erin shook her head glumly.
“We’re not getting any help from the Watch. And um, I think we should leave. Now.”
They did. Ryoka stopped a few feet outside of the squat, two-story building and turned to Erin.
“I thought you said we could get help.”
“I thought we would! But it looks like people sort of blame the adventurers for the attack. Which is fair.”
“Fair?”
Erin flinched at Ryoka’s glare. She hadn’t known the other girl long, but Ryoka seemed to have two settings: intense and brooding. And right now she was practically vibrating with energy. She would have rushed to the Ruins as soon as Pisces had come to them if it weren’t for the fact that both she and Erin were exhausted and drunk. Even so, she’d been up at the crack of dawn demanding to be led to the Ruins.
“That mage – Pisces said that he’ll go down to look for the Horns of Hammerad. I’ll go with him now. You try to convince other people to help.”
Ryoka turned and Erin grabbed her arm. The Runner jumped and glared and Erin let go quickly.
“Sorry. Look, you want to go into the super-scary Ruins with Pisces?”
“Yes. The Horns are down there. I’m going in after them.”
“But with Pisces?”
“He’s a necromancer, right? I know he’s powerful.”
“Yeah, but he’s…Pisces, y’know?”
Ryoka just stared. Erin scratched at her head. It was only just past morning in the city and her head still felt full of clouds.
