2.03
Page 8
Pisces looked startled.
“Me?”
Erin frowned.
“What about him?”
“Pisces is a [Necromancer], right? He made that skeleton.”
“Toren.”
“Exactly. But have you ever made an undead that isn’t human? Or humanoid?”
Pisces frowned at Ryoka.
“I fail to see what you’re asking. I have raised many forms of zombies, ghouls, skeletons…”
“But never anything else?”
“Such as what?”
“A zombie bear, perhaps.”
“A zombie bear?”
Erin stared at Ryoka in horror. Ryoka shrugged.
“It would be far more powerful than a human zombie, I’m certain. Or if not a bear, what about a spider? Have you ever tried reanimating things without bones? How about undead mice? Could you turn them into spies? Or—undead birds? Can they fly?”
Pisces sniffed and drew his robes around himself defensively.
“You ask these things as if it were a simple matter. Nothing is further from the case, I assure you.”
“Oh yeah?”
Erin raised one eyebrow skeptically at Pisces.
“What’s so hard about reanimating a bear? It’s got bones.”
“Ah, but the alignment is completely different. The skeletal structure of a bear throws off every spell, making specialization in such a creature far too complex to be worth the effort.”
Erin looked blank, but Ryoka thought she understood what Pisces was saying. The mage adopted a lecturing tone and his customary sneer as he explained.
“Necromancer spells aren’t simply a matter of reanimating dead matter with a bit of magical power. If it were that simple anyone could become a [Necromancer]. No, it requires an intricate knowledge of the way each body works to get spells animating dead flesh to move right, let alone restore what was lost.”
“Yeah, but can’t you just read a book on how to do it? Someone must have made legions of undead bears at some point, right?”
Pisces shrugged.
“Even if they had, where would I read such a tome? Necromancy might not be outlawed in every nation, but it is frowned upon almost universally. Even Wistram had few books on the subject, and what spells I did uncover were standardized incantations for humanoids only.”
“Oh, so no one likes being a necromancer? That’s sad.”
Pisces sniffed.
“Yes, well, it is a rare form of magic. There were no teachers at Wistram I could study under. I had hoped to find one accomplished practitioner, but he had long departed and his findings were equally non-existent. And the only other authorities on the subjects tend to be crazed madmen or cults who practice inferior quality mass-summoning…”
He realized he was losing his audience. Pisces sighed.
“Suffice it to say, proper reanimation requires several factors. Necromancers use dead bodies because bones are ideal vessels for storing magical energy and spell bindings, whereas mere chitin decays too rapidly to sustain a long-form spell.”
Erin and Rags looked blank.
“What?”
Ryoka translated.
“He’s saying that he needs bones to properly animate a corpse. Spiders and other creatures without bones wouldn’t last very long since there’s nowhere to anchor the spell.”
“Oh.”
Pisces lost a bit of his swagger as he stared at Ryoka.
“That was…quite well said. I see you have some knowledge of the transmundane yourself Miss Griffin.”
“I’m no mage. But I understand bullshit quite well.”
Erin laughed as Pisces turned red.
 
—-
 
“So…you’re a Runner, huh?”
Ryoka nodded. She and Erin were alone again. Pisces had retreated with Rags to the rear, and they were still talking. It felt good to talk, and besides, the undead had been amazingly scarce. Suspiciously so.
“What did you do back home? I mean, did you have a job or anything?”
