2.03
Page 7
And suddenly, talking was something Ryoka wanted to do more and more with Erin. She had depths. Not like an onion or a cake or parfait or something stupid like that. She had depths like a puddle you stepped into which turned out to be as deep as an ocean.
But she was still refreshingly shallow in areas like this.
“It’s a uh, it’s a choice I made. I know it seems stupid given this world—”
“Oh, what? No. No, I don’t think so. I’m not judging. You do you, and all that. I was just wondering how you did things without skills.”
Ryoka was beginning to wonder that herself. But she had a theory, and she’d come too far to abandon it just yet. Maybe…but she changed the subject to keep the conversation light.
“You’re um, good at fighting.”
“You think so?”
Ryoka knew so. She’d seen Erin fighting with her frying pan, and despite the other girl’s lack of any kind of martial training, she was wickedly dangerous. And strong. Ryoka knew that was probably because of a Skill, but it amazed her even so.
“Why are you using frying pans, though? And what’s with all the rocks?”
“It’s all part of my master plan.”
Erin grinned at Ryoka as she brandished her new frying pan. She’d abandoned the old one a while back, claiming it stank too much.
“See, I’ve got this [Bar Fighting] skill, right? It only works when I use objects I could find in a bar, or in this case, a kitchen. If I pick up a sword I don’t move nearly as well and it’s harder to hit things. So I thought a frying pan would be perfect!”
“And the rocks?”
“I’ve got [Unerring Aim] and [Lesser Strength]. I can toss those things hard enough to kill some zombies.”
“That’s…actually impressive.”
Ryoka had to admit it.
“Yeah, well, I thought if you have the skills, why not use them, y’know?”
“It’s creative. I think that’s more the point.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, let’s assume this is a gaming world.”
Ryoka paused, and looked behind her. Pisces stared at her, and Rags yawned and looked around, clearly bored. She knew she shouldn’t be saying anything, but Pisces had heard most of their conversation. And Erin trusted him, and he’d fixed her leg. And there were others in this world anyways, so it wasn’t a big a secret as before. Maybe…
He’d probably already guessed something was up if he had half a brain, anyways. Ryoka turned back to Erin.
“Well, I’m no expert. I never played board games when I was younger.”
“Me neither. I mean, I tried D&D once or twice, but I like chess more.”
Another surprise. Where did they come from? Ryoka liked chess. Maybe she could play Erin a few games. Hopefully Erin wasn’t a sore loser.
“What I’m trying to say is that creativity always seems to be a hallmark of those kind of games. You can’t do the same thing in video games, but instead of fighting your way through a dungeon, why not collapse the foundations? Or—or if you’re fighting an angry Minotaur, why not teleport him into molten lava or something?”
“Because that’d be really mean? I get it, though. You’re saying it’s possible to mess with the system, right?”
“Or at least take advantage of certain features. Assuming you want to follow the system, that is.”
Ryoka frowned to herself but stopped when she saw Erin looking.
“So like what did you have in mind?”
“Nothing in particular. But you know a lot of things from our world. It’s possible you could incorporate that into your inn, somehow.”
“Like how?”
“I don’t know.”
Ryoka had never put her mind to it. And now, trawling through dusty corridors below the earth wasn’t a good time to think of new ideas. She suddenly looked at Pisces, struck by a thought.
“Well, how about him?”
