2.03
Page 12
This was the loudest conversation the group had had so far, and their voice echoed through the vast room, quickly swallowed up by the vastness. Erin pushed between Pisces and Ryoka as the two glared at each other.
“Okay, okay, let’s think. We can’t give up just yet, but Ryoka is right, Pisces. If we don’t find them soon…”
He turned away from her.
“Ceria is alive. She wouldn’t have cast the spell, otherwise.”
“But you can’t contact her again, can you?”
“No. But there are a hundred reasons why she might not be able to reply. Imminent danger perhaps, or simply…starvation. Without food or rest, her body would not be able to recharge her mana.”
“Right, I get that. But then where would she be? How could she hide from all the undead and that skin thing? Does she know [Invisibility] like you do?”
Pisces shook his head.
“No. She never learned…she is alive Erin, I swear it. We must find her.”
“I know, I know. But if we don’t find her soon…”
Ryoka turned away as Erin talked with Pisces. She felt like kicking something, or screaming, but she was afraid to make noise and attract attention. Even if Pisces said the Ruins were empty, it was disconcertingly quiet.
She looked around. Besides the three humans, the other three members of their group seemed less interested in the fate of the Horns of Hammerad and more in getting out sooner rather than later. Rags was squatting in a corner of the room, staring intently at the splinted crossbow she was still dragging around. Ryoka was surprised she’d still hung onto it, but the Goblin was tenacious.
Ksmvr glanced hopefully at Erin every now and then. He was guarding the entrance to the tomb room, alert for any undead. He was probably just hoping they’d call it quits so he could stop protecting Erin.
And Toren? Toren was peering at one of the stone coffins. Inspecting it as a possible resting place, perhaps. Ryoka shook her head. This was pointless. She’d had such hopes, but the Horns of Hammerad…maybe it had just been a fluke.
Or maybe they were too late. Pisces had gotten the message nearly a day ago, now. Maybe it had been too late even when he’d gotten it. Perhaps the magic had taken too long to get to him. Maybe Ceria had died waiting for them while they were still arguing with Zevara.
It hurt Ryoka, but she had to face facts. Her friends had been good adventurers, but not miracle workers. It had been likely that they all died, and it was only her foolish hope that had convinced her they had survived where everyone else had not. After all, not even the Horns of Hammerad could cheat death—
Ryoka’s eye fell on Toren again. The skeleton was peering inside of one of the coffins. And then it clicked.
“Wait a second.”
Erin and Pisces broke off as Ryoka turned to them.
“What is it?”
“I think I know where the Horns of Hammerad might be. They’re still hiding down here.”
“Where?”
Pisces was suspicious. He glared at Ryoka.
“We searched everywhere. If you’re suggesting they made it out somehow—”
“No, they’re still here.”
Ryoka began looking around the room as she spoke. She was looking. Most of the coffins were open, but a few had been closed. A few.
“What if…they were hiding somewhere no undead could get at them? Somewhere they’d never go back to?”
Erin and Pisces stared in the direction Ryoka was looking, and then at Toren. Erin’s eyes widened.
“Inside the coffins?”
“It’s possible. If they left some room for air—”
“Let’s check. Rags! Ksmvr! Toren!”
