2.03
Page 5
The girl didn’t take long to complain, though. She whirled and bashed another skeleton down. From her position on the floor, Ryoka saw the skeleton fall and then the lights go out as Erin kicked the skull right off the rest of the body, sending it crashing down the long corridor.
The last zombie fell down, Rag’s sword in his gut and one of Ksmvr’s daggers still cutting through his throat. Erin looked around and sighed in relief. The other undead were gone.
Which left her with adrenaline still pouring through her veins and her frying pan. Erin stared at it. She’d killed three zombies and one skeleton with it. That was good, but now parts of each dead corpse were sticking to the side of the pan.
“Oh god. That’s gross.”
Erin turned green as she shook bits off of her frying pan. She took several deep breaths, trying to get the stench of rot and death out of her nose. She tried not to vomit and looked at Ryoka. The other girl was still staring at the zombie Erin had killed. Her face was white.
“Hey, are you okay? That zombie didn’t bite you or anything, did it?”
Erin held out a hand to Ryoka. The other girl stared at it, and then at her. Ryoka’s eyes travelled to Erin’s pan, and the nameless substance dripping from the side.
“Oh, right. I’ve gotta clean that off. Um. Good thing I’m not using it for cooking, huh?”
The barefoot girl stared at the frying pan, and then at Erin. She ignored the offered hand and stood up slowly. She looked around at the dead bodies, the sliced corpses, and inhaled the scent of death. She looked at Erin. Her face was deathly pale.
“Ryoka? Are you okay?”
That was when Ryoka threw up.
 
—-
 
“You know, it’s not like just anyone can go into the ruins and fight undead monsters. You’ve gotta be pretty brave to do that, let alone barefoot.”
“Right.”
“And you were trying to fight with your bare hands. That’s like—double brave, right?”
“Right.”
“And we all think you’re brave, isn’t that right?”
Erin glanced around. Ksmvr and Pisces both nodded obediently.
“Indisputably.”
“That is correct.”
“Besides, you ran through the High Passes by yourself. And you survived giant wolves and evil goats and gargoyles. You’re not a coward. You know that.”
Ryoka sat on the ground, shaking. She knew she should say something. But she couldn’t. Her throat was still too tight.
Erin was trying to comfort her. And her words were actually helping. But they didn’t take away what had happened.
“I froze up. I couldn’t fight back.”
“Hey, it happens to all of us.”
“Did it ever happen to you?”
Erin had to think about that.
“No. But it’s nothing to be ashamed of. Anyone would freeze up if a horrible zombie tried to eat their face.”
Ryoka stared up at Erin, and the innkeeper smiled encouragingly.
“Come on. We’ve got to keep going.”
“Of course.”
Ryoka was on her feet so fast Erin blinked.
“We can’t stop. We’ve got to get there in time. Let’s go.”
She started walking. Erin exchanged glances with the others and hurried after her.
Ryoka slowed to let Erin catch up, and even more so Ksmvr and Toren could move ahead again. After all, she’d proven she couldn’t do much if she got attacked.
Erin sidled up to Ryoka and kept pace as they walked further into the ruins. Ryoka could feel Erin glancing at her.
“You’re uh, that’s a pretty quick recovery, there. You feeling alright?”
“No.”
Ryoka was being honest.
“We could stop if you need more time—”
“We’ve got to get to the Horns of Hammerad. I’ll live. I’m just—I’ll be fine.”
Ryoka smiled bitterly.
“After all, it’s not like you need a coward to fight anyways.”
“Hey.”
Erin grabbed Ryoka by the shoulder.
