2.03
Page 1
“It’s not the exact same, but this reminds me of the ones in Rome and places like that. What’s the one called with the painting on the ceiling?”
Ryoka sighed loudly. She stared at Erin and gestured pointedly at Ksmvr and Toren as the two ranged ahead of the other four.
“Shouldn’t we be quiet so we don’t walk into an ambush?”
“Do we really need to? I’ve got [Dangersense]. It’s this skill that allows you to, um, sense when danger’s coming.”
Ryoka tried to keep from curling her lip.
“I know that one. Ceria says it doesn’t work for some types of danger. Traps, for example.”
“Well, are we going to be silent the entire time? I bet that’d be scarier than talking.”
“Rest assured that I remain petrified no matter how we choose to spend the journey. But Erin does have a point Miss, ah, Griffin. I can sense undead as they draw near to me.”
“Really? So where are they?”
Pisces looked hunted.
“Around. Somewhere. These ruins are saturated in death. So many undead lurking here for hundreds, possibly thousands of years…I would know if they were right behind us, though.”
“Wonderful.”
The four walked on in silence. Erin wondered whether she should keep talking, but the momentum was lost.
After five minutes Ryoka muttered a few words.
“It’s the Sistine Chapel, and it’s in the Vatican, not Rome.”
“I thought it was in Rome.”
“The Vatican is a separate state. It’s within Rome, but technically it’s a state by itself.”
“Oh. That’s cool. I didn’t know that. The Pope rules there, right?”
“Pretty much.”
Why were they talking about the Pope in the middle of an abandoned ruin? Then again, Ryoka didn’t know Erin that well. Maybe she was really religious.
Again, Pisces glanced suspiciously at Erin and Ryoka’s back. Rags was busy picking at her ear.
“What’s a Pope?”
Ryoka immediately tensed, but Erin immediately replied.
“He’s like a super [Priest]. If they existed. Which apparently, they don’t.”
Pisces eyed Erin, but he seemed to accept her convoluted explanation.
“So he’s a hypothetical [Priest]. I see.”
“Yup. We could really use him right now, too. A [Priest] could totally take care of all the undead we meet. Turn undead, holy water, all that good stuff.”
“I can do much of the same.”
“Really? Why do you need us, then?”
Pisces sniffed at Erin. He reminded Ryoka of exactly the sort of person she hated. Or at least, one of the types of people on her hate list, which, it had to be said, was quite large. He was a prissy, self-important know-it-all if she was any judge. Exactly the sort of person who talked big and never delivered…
And who was right now risking his life to save Ceria and the others. Ryoka paused and had to rethink her thoughts.
“I can deal with most forms of the undead quite easily. It’s ah, the Crypt Lords that pose a considerable threat to me.”
Erin frowned.
“What are Crypt Lords? You mean those huge fat things with bones for teeth?”
“Yes. They are above my level, so to speak. I cannot so easily destroy them as they resist my magic.”
“Crypt Lords? Is that a stronger type of the undead? Like a Lich?”
“A Lich? You mean an undead wizard thing?”
Erin stared at Ryoka, and then at Pisces.
“Please tell me one of those isn’t around. Aren’t they immortal?”
Pisces looked amused.
“Hardly. A Lich is simply the undead version of a spellcaster. They’re quite dangerous in numbers or even alone, but they’re hardly immortal. And I never saw one in the attack on Liscor, so I believe we are quite safe.”
That was another thing. Pisces had been there during the attack on Liscor, and so had Erin for that matter. Ryoka had missed the entire thing.
