2.03
Page 13
Erin called out as Ryoka and Pisces ran towards the coffins. There weren’t many in the room that were still closed. But there were hundreds of stone resting places. Ryoka ran from stone lid to stone lid. She heaved at each one, shifting it just a bit so she could see inside. Dead bodies, rotted remains, bits of cloth…
Nothing.
She heard the others doing the same. Ryoka tried another coffin and stopped. This was stupid. If the Horns of Hammerad were there, why wouldn’t they hear her and the others? Why hadn’t they come out yet?
“Ceria? Calruz! Gerial! Sostrom! If you’re here, answer me!”
Ryoka shouted it into the empty room. Her voice echoed loudly as the others continued moving lids. Ryoka closed her eyes and listened. Nothing. Of course. It had just been a foolish idea. No one could ever—
“…?”
She froze. It was the faintest of sounds, at the edge of hearing. She looked around.
“Ceria?”
“…r…a…?”
There. There it was again. She hadn’t imagined it. Ryoka ran in the direction of the sound. She crashed into a stone coffin and froze, ignoring the pain in her shin.
“Ryoka…?”
That one. Ryoka charged towards the coffin, vaulting an empty one. She ducked her head down. It was faint but…yes! There was a tiny sliver of darkness, enough for sound to come out of. And a voice. It was one Ryoka recognized.
“Ryoka?”
“Ceria!”
Ryoka shouted the word, and Erin and Pisces whipped round. Ryoka heaved at the stone lid, pushing it as hard as she could. It was heavy, but then Erin joined her, and then Pisces. They shoved the lid to the ground where it cracked against the stone. And there, inside the coffin was someone they recognized.
Ceria Springwalker smiled weakly up at Ryoka, blinking hard in the light from Pisces and Ryoka’s orbs of light. Her face was pale and she looked gaunt, skeletal from starvation. But she was there. Alive.
“Ceria!”
Pisces reached for her, but Ryoka got there first. With Erin’s help they pulled Ceria out of the stone coffin. She was impossibly light, even more so than Ryoka remembered. She slumped to the ground, and Erin had to lift her to keep her upright.
“Ceria. We found you.”
“You did. You did.”
Ceria’s voice was a murmur and a whisper. She coughed, and suddenly everyone was fumbling for a water flask. She accepted a gulp of water from Pisces’ flask and coughed most of it up. Ryoka tried to steady her.
“You…got my message. I’m glad. I was afraid I’d be trapped in there forever. I couldn’t move the lid…”
“Is there anyone else with you? Any of the other Horns of Hammerad?”
Ryoka looked around. There were other coffins nearby, also closed. But Ceria just sighed. She looked at Ryoka, and shook her head.
Part of the world went still. A little less remained in it for Ryoka. Ceria shook her head, eyes shining with unshed tears.
“No, no. They’re all—all gone, Ryoka.”
She sighed, a ghostly puppet held up only by Erin’s hands. Even now, starved and half-dead, Ceria still looked like a creature caught between immortality and life. Especially now.
“It’s just me. What’s left of me.”
Then Ceria raised her hand, and Ryoka saw with a jolt that her right hand was gone. All the skin down past her wrist had died, and what was left was just white bone and sloughed off flesh. The parts that did connect to the half-elf’s healthy arm were blackened, almost like frostbite.
Ryoka stared at Ceria’s ruined hand. Words failed her.
“I—I don’t—Ceria.”
“It’s the price I paid to live. They’re all dead, Ryoka. All but me.”
