2.03
Page 6
“You’re not a coward.”
“I couldn’t fight back. I nearly got myself killed.”
“You were fighting with your bare hands—”
“I took martial arts lessons since I was eight. I’m a certified martial artist and I’ve been in fights countless times before this. I’ve seen monsters. But I couldn’t kill that zombie. Why? What’s the difference?”
Ryoka stalked on ahead. Erin thought as she hurried to catch up. After a few minutes, she offered the only answer she could think of.
“I guess it’s because you’re not a killer.”
She saw Ryoka stop in her tracks. The Asian girl stared at Erin, face shadowed in the light of the floating orb hovering next to her face.
“What?”
“It’s just a thought.”
Erin shrugged awkwardly. She couldn’t really explain it that well.
“It’s just—fighting, martial arts? All that stuff’s self-defense, right? And it’s like a sport.”
“So? It’s meant for combat.”
“But not for killing. Right?”
Ryoka hesitated.
“It’s not the first option, but if it comes to that…”
“But it’s never come to that, right? I mean, have you ever killed someone? Ever stabbed someone or broken their neck with a karate chop or anything?”
Ryoka thought back to the Goblin she’d kicked, long ago. She remembered the horrible way his neck had crunched and shuddered.
“Maybe. Once.”
“Well. I uh, I’ve killed a lot of things.”
Ryoka looked at Erin. The shorter girl looked away from her, into the darkness.
“The first thing I killed was a Goblin. A Chieftain, actually. He was huge and evil and he wanted to kill me—I burned his face off with boiling oil.”
It was as if Ryoka had taken a step that was no longer there. She stared at Erin as the other girl continued.
“I killed some other Goblins too, I think. Well, they were stabbing me so I hit them—and I killed some Shield Spiders, and then some undead. It’s not as if I’m an adventurer and go around killing things, y’know. But I had to. And the thing is, everything screams when it dies.”
She looked at Ryoka. There was a hollowness in Erin’s gaze. A cold void.
“Everything. I don’t enjoy it. I hope I never will. But I can kill things. Other monsters, or even people. Not just dead people either. If it came down to it, I could kill someone trying to kill me.”
“I…I see. But I’ve fought people too.”
“But you’ve never killed them.”
“No. No, I haven’t.”
The pieces fell into place. Ryoka got what Erin was trying to tell her.
“I guess that’s why I became a Runner. I don’t have the—”
“Stop.”
Erin pushed at Ryoka, and the other girl stumbled. Ryoka looked back at Erin, and saw the other girl was shaking her head.
“It’s a good thing. It’s a good thing you can’t kill people. Even dead people.”
“But I nearly died. If it comes to it again, I might have to fight. Or kill.”
“And if you have to, you probably will. But I think not killing things is good, don’t you?”
“…Yes.”
After seeing the look in Erin’s eyes, Ryoka had to agree.
 
—-
 
“So, you don’t have a class? That’s so weird.”
Ryoka was getting used to Erin’s wide-eyed looks of surprise. There was something inescapably innocent about Erin’s curiosity. It just drew answers out of Ryoka that she had no intention of giving. That was the problem; it was easy to talk to Erin.
And worse, Ryoka enjoyed it. After the fight with the zombies, the undead presence had vanished for a time. Ksmvr and Toren had run across individuals and small groups which they dispatched without bothering to inform the others of, which left time for talking.
