2.03
Page 9
“I, uh, didn’t need to. My parents were pretty rich. I was going to be a Freshman in college when I disappeared.”
“Oh, really? I thought you would have already been a student. I mean, I’m twenty, but I took a gap year because I wanted to play chess and earn money for tuition. What about you?”
Ryoka cleared her throat awkwardly.
“I uh, took a gap year as well.”
Several, in point of fact.
“I suppose I just needed a break from High School.”
“That’s cool. I totally get that.”
“And you’re…an [Innkeeper]. How did that happen?”
Erin shrugged.
“I don’t know. I just wanted to find a place to be safe, you know? And I found the inn and it was really dusty.”
“Dusty?”
“Yeah, really dusty. So I tidied it up a bit and by the time I woke up I was an [Innkeeper].”
“Huh.”
“What about you? Why’d you decide not to get a class? I imagine you would have gotten one, what with running around all the time and all.”
“Yeah. I had the opportunity, but I refused. I didn’t think it was a good idea.”
Erin looked at Ryoka curiously.
“Why not?”
The other girl shrugged.
“This system – leveling, and gaining Skills seems too much like a game.”
“Yeah, it does. But why not play the game? I mean, without my class I would have died several times over. So what’s wrong with playing?”
“If we’re in a game, then there are rules. And someone who made the game. The question is: who? And what’s the way to win?”
“Not die, I guess.”
“Maybe.”
They found a long passage that seemed to slope downwards forever. Ryoka stared into the darkness and looked at Ksmvr.
“Is this the way down to the second floor?”
“It appears so.”
“That’s where all the adventurers never came back from, right?”
Erin shuddered as she stared down into the pitch blackness.
“And where that thing came from.”
Ryoka had never seen the thing Erin and the others spoke of, but she got the vibe from the way the others shifted. But still.
She looked at Pisces.
“You’re sure the message said to go down there?”
He nodded.
“I was told they were hiding on the second floor. More than that I can’t say. I’ve cast the same spell to ask for more details, but Ceria must be out of mana. Or…”
He didn’t say the rest. Ryoka nodded.
“We’ve got to go down there.”
Erin nodded, but she still peered into the darkness uncertainly.
“What if there’s a second one?”
“We run.”
“Oh. Good plan.”
It was probably the only plan that would work, too. Erin had no desire to fight that skin worm a second time, and without an army of Antinium to back her up, she wasn’t going to try.
Although now that Erin thought about it, Ryoka was definitely the fastest out of all of them. It was probably a good plan for her, but Erin really hoped it wouldn’t come to that. She’d never liked gym class.
They descended into the darkness, one by one. And found….
Nothing.
 
—-
 
Nothing. Not a zombie, not a skeleton, and not even a severed Ghoul hand. The group of six walked through the empty second floor of the Ruins, alert for any movement and finding none.
They came to an empty chamber and saw where the Horns of Hammerad and other adventurers had stopped for a rest. Erin looked around at the few dead bodies that hadn’t gotten back up and sighed sadly when she found Hunt lying still in a corner.
“Poor guy. He was just lying here with the others. I guess he must have been wounded or something.”
Ryoka stared at Hunt. She thought she recognized him, but his face was badly decayed. She shook her head.
“Whatever got these adventurers must have gone through quick if they couldn’t move their wounded.”
“No.”
As Ryoka looked at her, Erin explained.
