2.03
Page 11
Erin pointed to an urn. It was nice to look at, carved deeply and enameled with some pretty green stone that sparkled in the light. Ryoka peered at it and shrugged.
“Some kind of vase. Possibly ceremonial.”
“And this?”
“An amulet.”
“It’s made of stone!”
“Well, it’s probably valuable culturally.”
“But not, you know, magically?”
“…Probably not.”
Pisces looked up distractedly as he pawed through rows of goods on the stone shelves. He glared at Ryoka and Erin as if this were somehow their fault.
“None of this stuff is magical! It’s all—mundane! This isn’t a treasury. It’s a storeroom of antiquities and keepsakes!”
“Really? But this looks like a valuable spot. Where’d all the important stuff go?”
The mage sucked in his cheeks angrily.
“I don’t know. But numerous magical artifacts were here, I can tell you that! I can sense their auras, but they’re gone.”
“Darn.”
Erin sighed. But this wasn’t why they’d come here, was it?
“Well, the Horns of Hammerad aren’t here. Or if they are…”
Ryoka shook her head.
“They’re not here. I’m sure of it. Pisces, that spell you got. Did it say…?”
He made a face.
“No. It was very faint. It just said ‘Ruins. Second floor. Inside. I don’t think Ceria had enough mana for any more than that.”
“Damn.”
Erin turned to the others. Toren had found himself a new sword, and Rags was busy lugging the broken black crossbow around. It was nearly as large as she was and Erin was sure she’d never get it back to the surface. Pisces stomped out of the treasure vault and Ksmvr waited patiently as he watched back the way they’d come. Erin looked at Ryoka.
“Where to? The other direction?”
Ryoka nodded.
“It’s the only place they could be. Let’s hurry.”
 
—-
 
The giant room full of tombs was the last place they came to. Ryoka’s feet were hurting from the cold tiles, and she had layers of…death coating the bottom of them. She didn’t want to think about that.
Her feet were hurting anyways from all the searching. They’d been to every room, checked everywhere for signs of life. But they’d found nothing. And this, the last room in the Ruins was no more promising than the rest.
After a quick run through the cavernous room, Ryoka could see there was no one hiding in the room. The stone coffins were the only things in the room, and most of them had been opened to let their occupants out.
She jogged back to where Erin and the others were waiting and shook her head.
“Nothing.”
Erin’s face fell.
“You’re sure?”
“They’d have to be the size of that Goblin to hide in here, and they would have heard me moving around. They’re…not here.”
It hurt Ryoka to say. But they’d checked everywhere and this was it. She shook her head. She didn’t feel sad. She just felt empty. Hollow. They’d come all the way down here, for what?
Surprisingly, it was Pisces who resisted Ryoka’s statement the most. He shook his head vehemently and snapped at her.
“I don’t believe it. Ceria is down here, somewhere on this level. We simply must have missed her. We have to go back and check!”
Ryoka glared at him. She was tired and exhausted and knew he must be too. But she tried to be the voice of reason.
“We’ve checked everywhere. If they were hiding, why didn’t they come out when they saw us? And if we linger down here, more undead might come.”
“I don’t sense any. I barely sense anything in this area.”
“You said there were hundreds of undead in the Ruins.”
“Well, they’re not here. And I refuse to leave without finding Ceria!”
“But where could they be?”
