2.04
Page 2
It was an aspect of living in a stone coffin neither Erin nor Ryoka had wanted to ponder or wished to dwell long on. At least Ceria didn’t smell too bad. Olesm on the other hand—
“I had the same problem. And I don’t have magic, okay?”
Everyone stayed clear of him until Olesm had finished thoroughly washing himself down. Pisces even provided magical assistance. At a distance.
Olesm grumbled as a fine spray of water misted him. He twisted his head to glare at Pisces as the mage studiously looked away.
“Can’t you give me more water? All you’re doing is making everything wet.”
Pisces sniffed, which turned out to be a mistake.
“I’m no [Hydromancer], and I specialize in ice magic. Besides, the air is dry around here. This is the best you’re going to get.”
Erin stared at Ceria as the half-elf finished scrubbing herself. She made to hand the cloth back to Erin, looked at it, and then tossed it back in one of the coffins. Erin offered her another clean roll of linen – Ryoka’s emergency bandages, and Ceria finished wiping with that.
“How’d you survive so long without water? Or did you have supplies?”
“Olesm did. A few of the dried rations, but we lost our packs during the—the attack.”
Ceria coughed and took another small sip of what was left in the flask after her impromptu bath.
“But we didn’t have any water. I burned up all the mana I had left creating ice for us to suck on.”
She shook her head.
“Another day or two and we’d be dead. We couldn’t even move the lids from the inside anymore. I really thought this was it. When I heard your voices and realized you couldn’t hear me—”
“It was Ryoka who figured out where you were hiding.”
Erin pointed to Ryoka. The barefoot girl was alternately avoiding stepping in any of the runoff generated by Olesm and Ceria’s baths and staring none-too-covertly at Olesm’s private…parts. Ceria smiled.
“Ryoka. And you met her? The world’s full of surprises. Or maybe it’s fate.”
She laughed, coughed, and grimaced weakly. Erin sprang forwards to help her, but Ceria waved her away. Her skeletal hand—
Erin saw that Ceria saw that she was looking and turned away. Ceria shrugged, and the two were silent. In the end, Erin spoke again.
“Well, I’m glad you’re okay. Really glad.”
Erin had said that before several times, but this time Ceria seemed recovered enough to respond. She smiled at Erin.
“I am, too. But I never would have imagined the group that came to get me.”
“Yeah, it’s sort of weird, huh?”
Ceria raised an eyebrow.
“To put it lightly. I recognize the little Goblin and Pisces, but that Antinium…that’s not Pawn, is it? They all look the same. Did he regrow his limbs or something?”
“No. That’s um, Ksmvr.”
The Prognugator looked up at the sound of his name. When he saw the two were looking at him, he turned away. Ceria shook her head.
“Huh. You’ve got a lot to explain to me, I can tell.”
“And me.”
Olesm rejoined the group at last. He smelled a lot better than he had, but he still exuded a personal bubble no one was willing to breach. He bowed at Erin clumsily, nearly falling over as he did.
“Miss Solstice, I am in your debt again. What you’ve done for me and Ceria—I can never repay. I joined this expedition to change myself, but in the end…”
Olesm stopped and shook his head. He wiped at his eyes.
“I’m just lucky to be alive. I won’t forget this, I promise you.”
Then he looked up and hesitated.
“I’m grateful, I really am. But why didn’t anyone send the Watch in after us? I mean, I understand they were nervous, but I have friends! Didn’t they want to save me?”
