2.04
Page 3
Erin exchanged a glance with Ryoka, although she got more of the glance. She turned red and fidgeted.
“Um, well, we spoke to Zevara, but she didn’t want to send anyone to help us. She said she didn’t want to risk sending anyone on a wild goose chase.”
Olesm looked shocked. His tail thrashed the ground in agitation.
“Zevara? But she knows me! I’m sure she would have sent someone—she’d at least have hired a mage to cast [Detect Life] or something!”
“Well, I’m sure she would have…if…she knew you were alive.”
“What? Didn’t you tell her I was with the others?”
Erin avoided Olesm’s gaze.
“I, um, forgot you were with the Horns of Hammerad. I don’t think anyone else in the city knew you were going, either.”
Olesm wilted.
“I…see.”
“I’m so sorry, Olesm! It’s just with the attack on the city and the bad news and the giant skin creature—”
“The undead!”
Both Olesm and Ceria broke out of their happy reverie in horror. Ceria unconsciously grabbed for Ryoka’s arm with her skeletal hand and stopped.
“What happened? Did anyone make it out? Rot, we should have asked earlier. But if you’re here, the undead—”
Ryoka tried to reassure Ceria without looking at her maimed hand.
“Don’t worry. They’re not out there anymore.”
“But what happened?”
That was a question Ryoka couldn’t answer, but the others could. Erin broke in, talking excitedly.
“It was crazy! A bunch of undead came out of the Ruins and started attacking the city! I was in my inn so I didn’t see everything, but Krshia says they got into the city before the north gates got closed. The entire city was fighting in the streets!”
Olesm groaned aloud. He grabbed at Erin.
“How many died? How many…?”
“Skinner.”
Ceria interrupted Olesm. She looked sharply at Erin.
“Did he come out? Is he still out there?”
“Who?”
“The monster—”
Ceria’s skeletal fingers twitched. Ryoka stared in horror at them, but only Rags noticed. The Goblin edged away from Ceria as she tried to explain.
“It was what was leading the undead. A horror made of skin. He guards this crypt. He killed the others. Did it get out? Is he still alive?”
Ryoka had no idea who or what Skinner was, but the others did. Erin’s smile faded. Pisces glanced around the ruins and shook his head.
“Skinner? Yeah, I saw it. He’s dead.”
“You’re sure?”
“Very sure.”
Ceria and Olesm both sighed in relief. But then Ceria looked up.
“How? That thing had some kind of magical ability. It projected fear.”
“I know. I felt it.”
Something. Ryoka glanced at Erin. She had that unsettlingly vacant look on her face again, that expressionless glimpse into something far away. Pisces and Rags were looking at her too. Just what…?
“He attacked my inn. Him and a bunch of undead. They tried to kill me, but all of the Workers—the Antinium I played chess with—they came to help. And all the Workers fought and—”
Erin broke off. Ceria and Olesm were staring at her, but no harder than Ryoka. Workers? Antinium? Chess? She’d fought the thing that killed—
“And he died. Rags killed him. Her and the other Goblins, I mean. He was this large worm underneath all the skin and we—he died. The Goblins ate part of him and then burned the rest.”
Ryoka had run through the High Passes and lived. She’d done something no Runner in the area had done in years. She was the fastest Runner in perhaps a hundred miles. Maybe that made Ryoka special, but Erin was different altogether.
Erin had fought monsters.
