2.04
Page 6
“I’ve never seen anything like that. Is that steel and glass?”
Olesm paused. His eyes widened and he turned to Ceria.
“Oh. She’s the crazy violent Runner girl you told me about? The one with no levels?”
Ceria laughed and coughed at the same time. Olesm blinked, and then realized what he’d said. His tail lashed the ground nervously as he held up his hands.
“I didn’t mean—what I meant by that was—”
It wasn’t how a rescue was supposed to go, Ryoka was certain. But it was real, and reality beat a fairytale ending every time. They still had to get out of the ruins of course, and Erin had just realized Pisces ate the last sandwich she’d packed. There was confusion and anger and dust and empty coffins and the still-present smell of feces, but…
Ceria was still alive.
Ryoka was saved.
 
—-
 
And when she had a spare moment, Ryoka walked away from the others. The wide passageway was still empty of any moving corpses, but that wasn’t what Ryoka was concerned with.
She walked past rotting piles of…muscle. Organs. Bone. It was impossible to really say. She had no wish to disturb the dead, and the shapeless mounds sickened her.
But she looked anyways. Ryoka paused next to a piece of armor covered in redness. She squatted down and tried not to vomit on the remains.
Was it him? Ryoka could barely remember what armor Gerial had been wearing. And Calruz—how would she even tell? She could look for bigger bones, she supposed.
It wasn’t right. This wasn’t right. She couldn’t even bury them, even if she knew which ones they were. She could—put them in a coffin? How? Lift up the entrails and guts with her hands? Use a shovel? A bag?
It was all wrong. All so wrong. And Ceria was alive—Ryoka had to prioritize her. But her heart hurt.
“Too slow. And too weak.”
Far too weak. She hadn’t even killed a zombie coming down here. Of all of the people who’d come to save Ceria, Ryoka had been the most useless in the end.
“To be fair, I do not believe anyone expected much of you.”
Ryoka looked up and turned around. Pisces was standing behind her. He raised his hands as she stared at him.
“I merely followed you to ensure your safety. It would not do for something to ambush you.”
Was that the reason? Ryoka stared at Pisces and then mentally shrugged. She stood in the corridor and stared at the dead remains. After a while she turned and began walking back. Pisces followed her.
“It occurs to me that we have little to discuss.”
“That’s about right.”
They didn’t speak for several more minutes. Now this, this was what Ryoka was used to. Awkward silence and trite conversations. She searched for something to say.
“Thanks for your help, though.”
“Think nothing of it. For my part, I am…relieved Ceria is alright.”
“You know her?”
Pisces hesitated.
“We have a history. Not so much a relationship as a passing acquaintance, but once—suffice it to say that we were students in Wistram together, and that we were once…friends. I felt the world would be poorer for Springwalker’s absence, that is all.”
“I see. It’s good you came.”
“Yes. I agree.”
More silence.
“That artifact you used…it is quite interesting.”
“It is, isn’t it?”
“Might I see it? I promise to be quite careful.”
“Mm. Maybe someday.”
“Ah. That would be a polite way of saying ‘never’, would it not?”
“Yep.”
They walked on. It was quite far to get back to the room with coffins, but Ryoka felt running and leaving Pisces behind would be a faux pas. She was tempted to do it, though.
After an interminable amount of time, Pisces spoke again.
