2.04
Page 10
They began the slow ascent back towards the surface. It was slow going, even with Erin helping Ceria and Toren supporting Olesm. The Drake and half-Elf were stiff and their feet dragged with every step. But they were just as eager to return as the others.
“Why didn’t you leave after you realized the other undead weren’t there?”
Erin asked Ceria that after they paused for a break. The half-Elf’s face was pale as she sat on the floor and took a few deep breaths.
“We thought they were waiting to ambush us if we got out. They did that to us the first time. We thought they were just being silent.”
Olesm nodded.
“I kept my coffin open so I could see the undead moving around. Once they all left—a few came back, but the rest never did. I thought they were all destroyed or…or still out there.”
“And then of course we ran out of strength and couldn’t move the lids even when we tried.”
“Got it.”
Erin nodded several times, but then frowned.
“Come to think of it…where did all the undead go?”
Ceria paused.
“Weren’t they all destroyed?”
Erin shook her head.
“There were still hundreds of undead after that thing died. We thought they were going back to the Ruins. But they didn’t go there. In that case, where did they go?”
Everyone looked at Pisces. He raised his hands defensively.
“I didn’t do it.”
Olesm scratched at a flaking patch of dead scales.
“Could the Crypt Lords have commanded the undead to leave?”
Pisces shook his head.
“Doubtful. Those creatures, while intelligent, cannot control a large mass. Even if there were enough Crypt Lords, they would still separate into a thousand groups. No, something else called them away.”
Ryoka frowned. She was sitting next to Ceria, picking caked….stuff from the soles of her feet. Erin looked away.
“Could that have something to do with the empty treasure room?”
Ceria looked up sharply. Erin explained about the missing magical items Pisces had sensed. He rubbed at his chin and nodded several times.
“The treasure room. Of course. Something or someone came here and looted the place…and perhaps called the undead away as well.”
“That’s a pretty big someone. Who?”
Pisces shrugged helplessly.
“I can think of several [Necromancers] powerful enough to command a small horde like that. Any one about Level 30 might manage to direct them in a general sense given time. But to have them leave without fighting or splintering off?”
He began to count names off on his fingers. Ryoka wandered off – to pee, Erin suspected – while Pisces began to pontificate.
“The Krythien Sect, or perhaps the Magnus Corpsus could do it en masse. But as for individuals, it would take a mage like Az’kerash or The Putrid One to perform such a feat. Of course, there are quite a number of small-time cabals and covens that might—”
Pisces broke off when he realized his audience had left him. Erin raised her eyebrows.
“So you don’t know.”
“Not as of such, no.”
“In that case, there’s no use wondering. We can tell Zevara that and warn her once we reach the city.”
Ryoka had returned. She tugged at her pants and nodded at the others.
“Come on. We’re nearly out. Just a bit longer and we can all rest.”
They got up and began walking again. After a few minutes, Erin muttered to Ryoka.
“I sort of wish you hadn’t said that.”
“Why?”
“Well, now it feels like we won’t get out of here, you know?”
Ryoka did know, and she wished Erin hadn’t brought that up. She shook her head.
“Murphy’s Law.”
“Whose law?”
Ryoka explained. Erin nodded in agreement.
