2.04
Page 4
And though it was silly to look at the young woman and imagine her fighting some kind of flesh monster that even Calruz and the others couldn’t defeat, part of Ryoka had no doubt that she’d done it. With help, yes. With luck and chance, perhaps. But she’d done it.
Ceria stared at Erin for a second. Olesm was open-mouthed, eyes bulging. But Ceria was just quiet. She met Erin’s eyes.
“You killed it. You.”
Erin shrugged uncomfortably. She pointed at the Goblin sitting behind her.
“Rags did.”
Pisces choked on one of the sandwiches and coughed as he stared at Rags. The Goblin scratched at one ear and looked around defiantly.
“A Goblin and an [Innkeeper].”
“Lots of Goblins, Workers, and Klbkch and some Soldiers too.”
Ceria shook her head.
“Ha. Course. It’s just—”
She began to giggle, and then to laugh. Ryoka blinked. Ceria started laughing hysterically. Erin reached out and steadied Ceria as the half-Elf laughed until she choked and began to cry.
“I’m—I’m sorry. It’s just…”
She laughed again, a short barking exclamation. Ceria stared wide-eyed ahead, face caught in a taut grin.
“I know. He nearly killed me. And he killed almost all of my friends. And a lot of the City Watch.”
Erin held Ceria as the mage began to shake again. Ryoka felt helpless. She wasn’t the type of person to reach out and comfort someone. But she wished she was.
“He’s dead.”
“Thank you.”
Ceria said it quietly as her tears leaked into Erin’s shirt. She looked at Ryoka.
“Thank you so much.”
Ryoka shook her head.
“I didn’t do anything.”
“You came for us. Thank you.”
“Yes, thank you.”
Olesm bowed his head at Ryoka. She nodded back, feeling like a worthless piece of trash. She hadn’t done anything. In a very real way, she was even more of an outsider to this moment than Ksmvr and Toren, who were watching silently as they stood guard. They’d fought the undead and this Skinner. All she’d done was get here too late.
“Ahem.”
Pisces cleared his throat noisily. When Ceria looked at him, he flashed her a condescending smile.
“I believe part of that thanks belongs to me. I did receive your message, after all. Without my urging, we would never have gone looking for you. I also eliminated quite a swath of the undead during the battle.”
Erin and Ryoka both frowned at Pisces. Erin opened her mouth to scold him, but Ceria nudged her very gently.
Ceria turned to Pisces and bowed her head deeply.
“Thank you, Master Mage.”
She said it without a trace of irony or sarcasm. Pisces blushed and looked away.
“Yes, well. We Wistram students must stick together, mustn’t we?”
“If we’d brought you along in the expedition…”
Ceria shook her head. Ryoka wanted to know what happened, but she wasn’t sure now was the time to ask.
“What happened?”
Erin looked at Ceria, concern in her eyes. The half-Elf closed her eyes and for a moment Ryoka worried it would be too much to ask. But then she began to speak.
“It started when we got to the second floor. Everything had been going fine before that. We’d run into a nest of Shield Spiders, but nothing besides that. But then we met a group of zombies…”
Ryoka listened to an abbreviated version of all that had happened up to Skinner emerging from the treasury doors.
“It must not have been locked. That thing was just waiting inside for the right moment. He killed Cervial, Gerald, and half of us in moments. And then when we arrived and tried to make a stand—”
Ceria closed her eyes and shook her head. Another tear formed unshed in her eyes.
“He killed them all. Gerial, Sostrom…he tore off Calruz’s arm. I couldn’t even fight back while he was staring at me.”
