2.04
Page 1
Erin scowled at him while she handed Ryoka another sandwich and Rags one more. Ryoka’s sandwich turned out to have fried fish in it. She found she was suddenly ravenous and devoured her meal and another sandwich in seconds.
While Pisces and Rags were devouring their food and Ksmvr was nibbling at another flatwich as Erin insisted on calling them, the innkeeper went over to Olesm and Ceria. They were sharing some of the soup Ryoka had given them, but they didn’t seem to have much of an appetite.
“I feel full. Should I be feeling full after only a few sips?”
Ceria smiled weakly at Erin as the girl approached. Erin’s eyes were drawn to Ceria’s skeletal hand, but she looked back up at her friend’s face and forced a smile. She also ignored the terrible stench that was coming from Ceria.
“That’s what Ryoka says. Your stomach hasn’t had anything to eat, so it shrunk down. You won’t be able to handle much food for a while.”
“Oh, good. It’s so hard to stay thin, the way I eat.”
Erin smiled at Ceria’s joke. Her eyes moved to Olesm. The Drake was very pale. His light blue scales had turned even lighter, and dead scales flaked off every time he moved. He smelled even worse than Ceria did.
“Olesm?”
She reached out towards him, but the Drake flinched away. Concerned, Erin looked at him.
“Are you okay?”
“I’m fine, Erin. Really. It’s just—”
Olesm looked at Ceria for help. The half-elf shrugged.
“Um, we might need some water if you have it. And some clean cloths?”
“I can get that. But why…?”
For the first time, Erin studied Olesm. He looked just as desiccated as Ceria, but he was also doing his best to stay as far away from her on the coffin’s seat as possible. He’d been wearing leather armor, but something had torn it mostly to shreds. Parts of his scales were scratched, but not badly.
But his clothes did seem rumbled, and the area around his leggings were…brown…
Olesm caught Erin’s eye and turned pink. Ceria coughed into her good hand. Erin noticed that she was crossing her legs, too.
“We could use something to clean ourselves with. Rather urgently.”
Erin backed away from them. The smell searing her nose suddenly intensified now that she was aware of its origin.
“Oh. Oh. I’ll uh, I’ll—”
She half-dashed to her rucksack, where Ryoka was eating her third sandwich. The other girl had saved Erin some soup and a squashed sandwich from Rags and Pisces, but Erin ignored that.
“What’s wrong?”
“Oh, nothing. Um, don’t go over there just yet.”
“Why?”
Ryoka always wanted an answer, especially if the reason was ‘because I said so’. Erin paused for a second and tried to say what she meant without Pisces figuring it out. Rags had clearly already made the connection because she was sitting several meters away.
“Um, you know how you were talking about survival and all that? Well, just imagine the coffins as one big…diaper.”
Ryoka’s face went blank for a fraction of a second, and then her eyes widened.
“Oh.”
“Yeah.”
“Do they need water? I’ve got a flask and some bandages that might—”
“Don’t worry, don’t worry! I packed all of the essentials!”
One of those essential items was one of Ryoka’s water flasks and a clean bit of cloth from Erin’s pack. Ceria explained as she used one of the stone coffin lids as a privacy screen. Not that there was much need to hide; only Pisces and Olesm had to look away. Ksmvr was clearly indifferent.
“The first few days I cleaned up after myself with spells. It was a waste of mana. But I thought the undead might smell. After that…well, you don’t have much of a problem when there’s nothing to eat.”
