2.04
Page 5
She looked at Erin.
“You avenged them. Thank you for that.”
Erin shook her head, but not in denial. She looked at Olesm.
“And what happened to you?”
Ceria smiled at Olesm.
“He saved my life.”
The scales around Olesm’s face turned a light red as everyone looked at him. He demurred.
“I didn’t do much. I just ran when that thing appeared and dragged Ceria into one of the coffins. It was all I could do.”
“He saved my life.”
Ceria said simply. She showed the others her frostbitten hand.
“I could barely move and a Ghoul was savaging me. He stabbed it from behind and used a healing potion to mend the worst of my wounds. If he hadn’t been there, I would have died.”
Erin reached over and patted the Drake on the shoulder.
“Good job, Olesm.”
He blushed and shook his head again silently. Ryoka looked at Ceria’s hand and hesitated.
“Is that how you lost…?”
Ryoka indicated Ceria’s hand. The half-Elf looked down and laughed. The fingers didn’t move, but she seemed to be able to move the blackened stump just fine and without any pain.
“This? No. I—well, I used a spell above my level, that’s all.”
Pisces peered at Ceria’s hand, frowning at the blackened skin.
“I can sense the magical residue. Frost spell? [Glacial Spear]?”
“Nothing so fancy. I just used up all the magic in my wand; that’s all.”
“You idiot.”
Erin glared at Pisces again, but Ceria just nodded.
“I had to create an opening for the others.”
She paused.
“The others. Yvlon was trying to get away. Do you know if she…?”
Erin exchanged a glance with Pisces and shook her head.
“I uh, didn’t ask. Some adventurers survived.”
“Yvlon did.”
Ryoka nodded at Ceria. The half-Elf hesitated, looking at Ryoka’s face.
“Is she…?”
“She’s catatonic. She doesn’t speak or move.”
“I see.”
Ceria bowed her head and closed her eyes. Again, Ryoka didn’t know what to say. Saying ‘at least she’s alive’ seemed crass even to her. She cleared her throat and looked around instead.
“This Skinner. How do you know his name?”
This time Olesm explained. He pointed at the writing on the wall Ceria had translated and everyone looked up. Pisces frowned and cast the same spell Ceria had, while Ryoka stared at the engraved symbols.
“Now how’d we miss that?”
Erin asked indignantly, and Ryoka echoed the question in her head, only with more self-rebuke. They’d completely missed that detail. And it was a damn important one, if this Skinner had had siblings.
“Huh.”
It was completely incomprehensible to Ryoka, but the writings reminded her of Arabic or another Central Semitic language. It was flowing and elongated, which put her in mind of Drakes. That was jumping the gun of any hypothesis though.
Ryoka hesitated and looked at the others. Should she…? But Pisces had already heard too much and Ceria had seen it already. She took out her iPhone and switched it on.
The screen glowed to life. Ryoka looked at the battery level. 24%. Surprisingly high, given how long she’d been using it, but Sostrom’s [Repair] spell must have restored the failing battery as well.
Sostrom. Ryoka’s heart hurt, but she pushed the feeling aside. She raised the iPhone as she switched to camera mode.
Ryoka’s iPhone lit up the inscriptions for a moment and emitted the classical shutter closing sound. Rags stared at Ryoka’s iPhone as if dumbstruck. Pisces blinked and frowned and Olesm gaped.
“What was that? Is that some kind of magical object?”
“Something like that.”
Ryoka put her iPhone back in its holster as Pisces stared at it covetously. She noticed Rags staring at the device as well and resolved never to drop it or leave it unattended.
