2.04
Page 0

Ryoka closed her eyes and knew she was happy. It was such a rare feeling she savored it.
Happy.
Ceria was alive. One of them was alive. That the others were not—
She could focus on that later. But one person remained. They weren’t all dead.
She was saved.
It was just a moment. And then Ryoka blinked away her watery eyes and got to work.
The catacombs were still dark, and they were still in danger. Ceria slumped as Erin held her, and Olesm was leaning all of his weight against a coffin. The air was foul and smelled like crap in a literal sense. It was also dusty, and Ryoka felt an overpowering sense of claustrophobia after being down here so long.
“We need to get you out of here.”
“We need to feed them first.”
Ryoka frowned at Erin.
“With what? I didn’t bring much. I’ve got some dry rations in my pack, but we’re in the middle of the ruins.”
“So?”
“Is now really the time to eat?”
“There’s always time for a meal. Besides—”
Erin nodded at Ceria. Ryoka looked at her shrunken frame.
“Ah.”
But Ceria was shaking her head. She tried to stand upright, her eyes determined.
“If there’s danger I can make it to the surface. The other undead—”
“Haven’t seen them. Here, sit.”
Erin guided Ceria to another closed coffin and gently helped the half-elf onto the stone bench. Ryoka hesitated, but Erin was already unslinging her pack.
“We should set a watch.”
“I will be vigilant.”
Ksmvr nodded to the others and he moved towards the door. Toren stood with his sword drawn, looking around the room.
Erin was busy pulling out flat, squished objects from her pack. They’d been lying underneath her supply of rocks and other equipment. Ryoka stared as Erin began to unwrap them.
“You made sandwiches?”
“I thought we’d be down here for a long time. I’ve got soup, too!”
“Soup?”
“It’s food. Why? Do you not like soup?”
Ryoka opened her mouth and closed it. She waved away the proffered water flask filled with soup. And nodded at Olesm and Ceria. The two were sitting down, swaying slightly and blinking around. They seemed dazed, which made sense.
“Four days. Or maybe three. And they were in the coffins the entire time?”
Erin shuddered as she assembled her meal. There was a terrible stink in the air, but both she and Ryoka were hungry enough not to care. She looked over at the Drake and half-elf and shook her head.
“I go crazy if I have to sit on a plane for more than an hour. How’d they do it?”
Ryoka paused.
“You can go through a lot in order to survive. Here, give me the soup.”
“Oh, you changed your mind?”
Erin smiled and handed Ryoka the soup flask again.
“It’s good stuff! Beef broth and chopped up veggies so you can drink it.”
It was the soup Ryoka gave to Olesm and Ceria, with instructions to only have a small amount at first. When Erin and Pisces protested, Ryoka overrode them.
“Remember the people rescued from concentration camps? A lot of them died from overeating when soldiers gave them candy bars and too much food.”
Pisces looked blankly at Ryoka, but Erin understood.
“You can die from overeating?”
“Something like that. Your system goes into shock. It can’t process the food so suddenly.”
“What?”
“Ryoka says that the food is too rich for their stomachs. They’ll get sick and die.”
“I see.”
Pisces looked at Ryoka for a second, and then took one of the squashed sandwiches and bit into it. He made a face.
“Tomatoes.”
“If you don’t like it, don’t eat it!”
