2.04
Page 12
Watch Captain Zevara strode forwards as the Gnolls and Drakes around her lowered their weapons. Klbkch and Relc followed closely behind.
Zevara halted in front of Erin and pointed into the ruins.
“How many undead are down there? Are there any traps?”
Erin blinked at Zevara.
“What?”
“Tell us what we’re facing in there.”
Ryoka looked at the guardsmen and things clicked. It took only half a second longer for Erin to figure it out and then her eyes narrowed in outrage.
“Wait a second. Now you’re going in? You said you didn’t want to risk sending anyone in!”
Zevara dismissed Erin’s statement with a flick of the tail.
“I did say that. I wasn’t about to risk good warriors if the ruins were infested. But if you lot survived, my guardsmen can clear out the rest. We’ll be confiscating all the treasures we find in there, along with anything else left behind.”
So they could take all the treasure before Erin’s group could come back for it. In theory. Ryoka hoped Erin wouldn’t mention the empty treasury just so Zevara could choke on dust for an hour or two searching. But Erin wasn’t concerned about sticking it to the man. She was more concerned about Ceria and Olesm. She pointed at them indignantly, raising her voice.
“Hey, we’ve got injured—well, starved people here! They need food and rest! Why don’t your stupid guardsmen help with that?”
Zevara shook her head impatiently.
“I’ve got no time for those fools who unleashed—”
She paused and stared past Ceria at Olesm. She frowned, took one step forwards, and then gasped.
“Olesm? You were down there?”
Olesm waved weakly at Zevara.
“Hi, Captain Zevara.”
“So that’s where you slithered off to! We were wondering what happened to you!”
Relc laughed and strode forwards. He slapped Olesm on the shoulder, so hard the other Drake fell down. Klbkch helped Olesm back up on his feet.
“Oops. But I kept thinking that a zombie ate you during the attack. But you were down there the entire time? How was it?”
“Hello, Relc. Um, it was—”
“Move aside, you idiot!”
Zevara shoved Relc aside as she moved towards Olesm. Her tail twitched anxiously as she inspected him.
“You’re a mess. But I am glad you’re okay, Olesm. If I’d known our [Tactician] was down there I would have sent help. But now that you’re here we’ll make sure you make a full recovery.”
He blinked at her a few times.
“I am quite grateful, Captain.”
Olesm was still clearly out of it. Zevara looked at him with genuine concern. She turned and started shouting, which made both Olesm and Ceria wince and cover at their ears.
“Get a mage and healing potions for him right now!”
“And for Ceria! She needs help too!”
Erin glared at Zevara. The Drake glared back.
“The adventurers who caused all this can eat dirt for all I—”
She hesitated and glanced at Olesm and bit back her words.
“—That is, we will discuss this later. For now, we’ll treat them. Both of them.”
Guardsmen approached quickly, holding healing potions. Zevara turned towards Erin and Ryoka, and began snapping orders.
“Now, I want you to tell me how many undead you saw, and how many are left. If there are any traps I want their locations. Better yet, one of you two humans or Ksmvr will come with me and show me—”
“Excuse me.”
Zevara ignored the soft voice. But Relc turned his head and tensed up. He grabbed at his spear and stepped back and Klbkch put his hands on his swords. Zevara was too busy arguing with Erin to notice, but when she realized Ryoka was staring right over her shoulder rather than at her, she turned around.
“Who in the name of Dragons is—”
