2.04
Page 7
“Would you consent to letting me inspect that device if I told you there is a strong trace of magic on it?”
Ryoka stopped. Pisces nearly ran into her. She stared at him.
“You can see that?”
“Yes. It’s quite obvious to me. I suppose Springwalker was distracted, but I can…sense something. Was some sort of [Message] spell cast here, by chance?”
Ryoka hesitated. Weigh the options. But it might be worth the risk.
“Yes.”
“And it was linked to that device somehow. Well, I may be able to recover that conversation if you should wish it?”
“You can do that? How?”
Pisces smiled enigmatically, or in a way he probably thought was enigmatic. It looked smug, to Ryoka.
“I was a student at Wistram. That spell uses their methods as its base. Any older student learns to pick apart the incantation to see what is spoken. Hence the unique version of the spell Ceria and I know.”
“It won’t damage…whatever that is. And I can be trusted to be discreet.”
Again, Ryoka hesitated. Think. If he learned the details of the conversation…well, was the cat out of the bag already? But he was offering to restore the conversation, which would be extremely helpful.
Ceria could do it. But after how many days? More importantly, what was the real risk? If he knew…
The world would soon know. And far more dangerous people than he had already figured it out. Ryoka handed him her iPhone.
“Here.”
Pisces held the slim phone extremely carefully as he studied it. But after a cursory glance at the construction of the device, he seemed to peer at something else, some invisible substance hovering in the air around it.
Ryoka wished she knew what he was looking at. She was able to cast magic…or one spell to be exact. But even though she tried to focus her eyes, she saw nothing.
“Quite astonishing.”
“You can see what was cast?”
“Yes—an odd messaging spell. Some kind of written communication system? It’s very…bright.”
Ryoka realized he must be looking at the chat log, the magical screen that had appeared when she answered the call.
“I didn’t realize it would still be visible.”
“Yes, well, the magic cast for this spell is several magnitudes greater than…almost any spell I’ve seen before. It must originate from Wistram. I would know that even without the spell signature. Only they would be this moronic.”
He rolled his eyes and shook his head in disdain. Ryoka looked at him. It was always nice to meet someone who liked to talk if they had something worth hearing.
“What makes you say that?”
He gestured to the iPhone. The air seemed to shimmer at his fingertips.
“It’s the nature of this spell. I—have no idea how it was done, to be honest. I can only speculate that a high level mage, or several of them used a [Far Speaking] spell combined with some kind of location spell and this…thing. I imagine a [Message] spell accounts for this, but it would require an insane amount of mana.”
“Why?”
“If one person were to ah, write in this discussion, everyone who received it would necessitate a [Message] spell. It’s a complex bit of magic and the cost would be multiplied by the number of participants. So many messages…only those fools at Wistram would have the magic to cast such a spell.”
Ryoka thought she understood Pisces’ disdain. If what he was saying was right, the conversation she’d taken part in had an exponential cost with each user that joined.
Sixteen times…at least fifty, possibly a hundred messages in the chat. A thousand and six hundred spells cast? No wonder voice chat was out of the question.
