2.04
Page 11
“I mean, I’m not saying that’s what’s going to happen. But it just feels like…you know those movies? Or those stories where the hero’s almost out and then the really bad thing happens?”
“I know.”
“Did you watch The Evil Dead? Remember the final scene right where Ash is about to get away and then that thing—”
Erin paused, ignoring Ryoka’s irate look.
“—Well, we don’t actually know what happens but I bet it wasn’t good.”
Ryoka eyed Erin. She was completely lost on how to properly respond. After a moment, she shrugged.
“I never watched that movie.”
“Good. Don’t. It gave me nightmares.”
Erin shuddered and glanced around the dark corridors nervously. Ryoka looked at her.
“Why’d you watch it, then?”
“Oh, one of my friends insisted we watch it when I had a sleepover. I think I was fourteen. Boy, my parents were not happy when they found out why we were all screaming at midnight. But then they watched the rest of it with us which was totally cool.”
Erin trailed off for a few seconds and then regained her thread.
“Anyways, my point is that something bad is going to happen. Some evil monster’s going to jump out.”
That was ridiculous paranoia, and Ryoka almost said so. That sort of thing never happened in their world except by complete coincidence, and it wouldn’t happen here.
…Unless of course this world worked off of the same rules fantasy books and Hollywood movies were made of. If that was the case, they were all dead.
“And if that were the case, everyone would have plot armor.”
“What?”
Instead, everyone had vulnerable skin which cut and bled easily. But maybe they weren’t the main characters. If this were a story, it would be Erin and Ryoka and all of the people who came to this world who were the main characters.
That was right. Somewhere, out there, a scrawny white boy would appear out of nowhere and be crowned the chosen one. He’d probably get the [Hero] class, a magic sword, and a scar just to be on the safe side. Add in a female lead and a plucky side-character and you had a series.
More thinking like this and she’d go crazy. Ryoka shook her head again. She knocked at it with her fist to get her thoughts in order—
And nearly went blind as she walked into the sunlight.
“Ow! My eyes!”
Erin cried out and Ryoka heard Ceria and Olesm gasp as the group suddenly emerged from the ruins. She couldn’t see anything, but she felt the welcome sun on her skin, and the feeling of the wind on her face. It blew away the musty stale air of the ruins and made her feel alive again.
They were out.
When Ryoka could see, she looked up and saw the verdant green plains surrounding her, patches of wildflowers still blooming even in the beginning of the winter, and two ranks of guardsmen from Liscor facing them with weapons drawn.
Ryoka paused. Pisces immediately backed up and Rags stepped quickly behind Ksmvr. The Antinium regarded the group of guardsmen warily, while Ceria and Olesm only blinked in bemusement at the welcoming committee.
Erin was the last to recover her eyesight, but when she did, she treated the armed guardsmen as if they weren’t dangerous. Ryoka’s first thought was that Erin had clearly never been arrested before or hassled by any kind of law enforcement. Although of course in Ryoka’s case the hassling and suspicion was quite justified given some of the things she’d done. Blowing up a chemistry classroom tends to get you put on a list for the rest of your life.
“Hey, Relc! And Klbkch! What are you guys doing here?”
Erin smiled and walked forwards. That smile vanished as soon as she saw who was leading the group of guardsmen.
