2.04
Page 9
“One man?”
“Well, his kingdom would follow him wherever he went. Say rather it was his potential the mages feared.”
“Why number eight? Is there any special reason for that?”
Pisces shrugged indifferently.
“The mages speculated that it is far more likely he would conquer the world or be stopped. Destroying everything is an outside chance, as it were.”
“But still the eighth most likely chance.”
“Yes.”
Ryoka pondered that for a moment.
“Did this gathering determine how likely it would be that he’d actually conquer the world.”
Pisces smiled.
“They did.”
“And?”
“He has a 30% chance depending on a number of factors.”
“I see.”
“Quite. I imagine all those able to retrieve a log of this message would be quite alarmed. Word is probably spreading by spell and letter as we speak.”
What was Ryoka supposed to say to that?
“Mhm.”
Pisces stared at Ryoka. Ryoka stared at Pisces. There didn’t seem to be anything more to say. After a moment, Ryoka coughed in a fake way into her fist.
“We should probably get back to the others.”
“Quite. I trust Ceria and Olesm are well enough to walk by now.”
They were.
 
—-
 
“We should talk.”
“About what? Aren’t we talking already?”
Erin wondered why Ryoka was trying to corner her in one part of the massive coffin room, but the other girl seemed insistent.
“I know we don’t have time now, but we need to have a long conversation.”
“About what?”
Ryoka gave Erin a flat look, but Erin wasn’t sure what for. After a moment, the Asian girl shook her head.
“About us. About this world, about how we came here and what’s happening.”
“Oh. You mean talk about everything.”
“More or less.”
“Well, now’s not the time. Ceria thinks she can walk so…”
“Of course not now. Once we get back, I mean. At your inn, or somewhere private.”
“My inn’s pretty private. I can lock the door if that helps.”
“Maybe.”
Erin waited. Ryoka seemed pretty intent, but she really had no idea why.
“Is that it?”
“I suppose. Just—don’t say anything you don’t need to until then, alright?”
That was easy enough. Erin didn’t think she had anything that didn’t need saying…if that even made sense.
“Okay. We talk later.”
“Right.”
“…Right.”
It was one of the more awkward exchanges Erin had been privy to, and she’d met a lot of awkward chess players.
Her stomach rumbled. Ryoka and Erin both looked down and Erin covered her stomach.
“Are you hungry? I saved you a sandwich.”
“Pisces ate it.”
“The soup?”
“Ceria and Olesm drank most of it and Rags took the rest.”
“I’m sorry about that.”
Olesm grinned weakly as both Erin and Ryoka jumped and turned around. The Drake was on his feet again, although he seemed unsteady.
“I truly didn’t mean to steal your lunch, Erin.”
Erin exchanged a glance with Ryoka.
“You know, a missing meal isn’t going to hurt me. When we get out of here, I’ll cook up a feast, and you’ll all be invited, how’s that?”
Erin caught Ryoka’s eye and amended her statement.
“—And um, make some nourishing broth, too. Maybe postpone the feast for a while?”
“That sounds good.”
Ceria was on her feet. She seemed a little better. There was more color in her cheeks, although they were still deathly pale. But she managed a smile.
“If it means I can get out of this hole, I’ll eat my right hand. It wouldn’t be too hard at this point.”
Erin laughed politely while Ryoka awkwardly avoided looking at Ceria’s hand. Pisces approached and Rags followed, dragging the wreck of the crossbow behind her.
“All is clear.”
Ksmvr nodded at Erin as he and Toren walked over. Erin looked around. Everyone was present, but no one said anything. She cleared her throat.
“Um, shall we go?”
