2.04
Page 8
The air was beginning to waver. Pisces frowned and his hands began to glow even brighter, shedding tendrils of blue light that flowed together to form the screen again.
Ryoka blinked as the chat log came back into focus. It hovered in the air over her iPhone, a blue screen with white text. Pisces was sweating.
“I ah, seem to have miscalculated. Even restoring this log seems to be taxing me quite unduly.”
“I’ve seen most of the details. Here. Give me that.”
Ryoka took the iPhone from Pisces as he frowned and more magic flowed out of his hands. Ryoka quickly scrolled down the chat, pausing a few times. Pisces’ eyes darted left and right, trying to read. She didn’t give him much time, though.
Ryoka got to the end – where she’d signed off as batman, and suddenly stopped. She saw the notification for her logging out, but there was more text below it.
Pisces peered over Ryoka’s shoulder as she read the conversation between [Kent Scott] and [twinTrouble_53]. Her mind was spinning, and that was before she read the brief message in Japanese at the bottom.
“Now that is interesting.”
The chat log abruptly vanished. Pisces lowered his hands and mopped at his brow.
“You okay?”
“I am fine. Just…taxed.”
Pisces took a few deep breaths, steadying himself. He pointed at Ryoka’s iPhone.
“More importantly, I fear your desire for anonymity might be in vain, Miss Griffin. That short conversation contained more import than the rest of your fascinating…discussion. There is a name to frighten those fools at Wistram.”
“You mean twinTrouble?”
“…Yes. This twin trouble character revealed himself to the other one, did he not? After you had ah, closed the connection. The name he called himself. Flos.”
Ryoka nodded.
“I’ve heard of him. Flos. The King of Destruction.”
“None other.”
Pisces exhaled slowly and wiped the rest of his sweat away with the hem of his dirty robe.
“Flos. If the sleeping king has indeed awoken, it means this world is about to change. Quite dramatically too, if I’m any judge. Well, even the meanest [Soothsayer] would be able to predict that.”
Ryoka frowned. She’d read about the King of Destruction in a list of contemporary world powers. The entry had been short and intriguing, but all the details had been recorded in another volume she hadn’t bought.
“Tell me about him.”
Pisces shrugged.
“What is there to say?”
He caught himself and glanced at Ryoka.
“Ah. Well, to one who might not…know of him, Flos is a king who was once poised to rule over nearly half of the civilized world. He abandoned his kingdom however, and for twenty years he has slumbered in his decaying capital. Until now.”
“Sounds dangerous.”
“Quite.”
They didn’t have the rhythm that Erin seemed to generate in her conversations. Pisces politely picked at his robe while Ryoka stared at her phone. The mage seemed to think for a second and added a second casual detail.
“The mages at Wistram were quite afraid of him, even inactive as he was.”
“Oh, really?”
“Yes. I suppose you don’t know that the greatest mages living gather every ten years to deliberate on the future?”
“I did not know that. Do tell.”
“They gather together to ponder recent events and plan for the future.”
“Like. A think tank?”
“A what?”
“Nevermind.”
“Yes, well, one of the things the gathering did was attempt to predict what calamities might befall the world. They created a list of the most likely disasters that might destroy civilization or eradicate life as we know it. Flos was named the eighth likeliest candidate so long as he lived.”
Ryoka paused. She opened her mouth, closed it, and tried again.
“Really?”
“Oh yes.”
