2.05
Page 1
The other guardsmen were already rushing her, but Gazi moved through them casually like a dancer. She stepped into a Gnoll’s charge, tripping him up, slapped a Drake and sent him stumbling into his friend, blocking the other Drake’s thrust, and slashed down at the third Drake. He fell, bleeding extensively from the massive cut down his chest.
“Feints and tactics are useless against me. I see the truth in your souls.”
Five more arrows thunked into the ground behind Gazi, missing her by only inches in one case. She didn’t even move her head, but she did when the jar of acid flew from behind. Gazi blurred out of the way and Rags lowered her hand and blinked at the empty air.
An armored foot kicked the Goblin off her feet. Rags cartwheeled away and landed with a thump on the ground. She didn’t move.
That was when Erin broke out of her stupefaction. She looked at Gazi as shock turned to rage. The adventurer smiled at her.
“Gazi! You—”
Gazi slapped Erin. It wasn’t a gentle slap either, but a metallic crack across the face. Her hand was armored in metal and the overlapping plates cut into Erin’s face.
Erin stumbled backwards and an arrow streaked past her and tore through the middle of Pisces’s robes, just short of his crotch. He looked down, face white and the spell at his fingertips fizzled out.
Gazi was on him in a flash. She punched out again, and Pisces fell down, unconscious before he hit the ground. Then she turned to Erin and smiled again, ignoring the guardsmen as they fanned out behind her.
They weren’t willing to fire with her so close to Erin, or else Klbkch’s threats of what would happen if they did accidentally hit her were keeping them from attacking.
Erin stared at Gazi. She stared at the half-Gazer’s sword. It was covered in blood. Red blood. Drakes and Gnolls both bled the same color. It dripped off the sword and onto the grass.
She looked at Gazi. There was that same smile on her face. Her expression hadn’t changed since the day Erin had saw it. This was of no more event than strolling around for her.
“What are you doing, Gazi?”
Gazi shrugged. Her central eye wasn’t focused on Erin. It was swinging around, showing Erin the whites as Gazi focused on the guardsmen behind her. But all four of her smaller eyes were looking straight at Erin.
“It’s time for me to leave. And I will be bringing both you and Ryoka Griffin with me when I go.”
“Why?”
“You may ask me that when we are gone.”
Gazi’s hand moved. She broke the seal of the scroll she was holding in her other hand with her thumb and unfurled it.
Erin didn’t know what was going to happen. The piece of parchment was glowing with yellow light. She heard Ryoka calling out from far away.
“Stay away from her, Erin. And from me. If she gets us together, we’re gone.”
The other girl pointed at Gazi. She was behind Relc and Klbkch and the line of guardsmen.
“That thing’s a teleportation scroll.”
Gazi flicked her large eye over to Ryoka. She blinked once.
“That is…surprising. Now, how would you know that?”
Ryoka shrugged. Her eyes were fixed on Gazi.
“What else could it be?”
“And you believe staying a few feet away from me will change anything?”
“Unless you plan on teleporting everyone here, I’d say so.”
Ryoka was balanced on the balls of her feet, tense. But Gazi just shook her head.
“Tell me, Ryoka Griffin. Do you think I would have come here if I weren’t confident I could kill all of you? The scroll is simply here for transportation. You two will leave with me. The only question is how long it will take.”
