2.05
Page 6
The half-Elf was asking Gazi a question. Ryoka tried to reach out to her, but her body was failing. Broken. She felt dizzy and the world kept going black in places. She barely heard what Gazi said.
“So it would hurt most of all, of course.”
Ryoka blinked and suddenly she was staring into the dirt. She’d fallen? Fallen down. She pushed herself up. She couldn’t fight. But Ceria. She couldn’t let her die either.
“Know that I keep my promises.”
Gazi raised the sword high over Ceria’s head. She raised her other hand and caught Erin as the other girl lunged at her.
“Do it—”
Gazi looked at Ryoka. The Runner croaked and tried to form proper words. Her mind was spinning.
“Do it and I’ll kill myself. Bite my tongue off. You won’t have me and Erin.”
The adventurer shrugged.
“One is still better than two. And I doubt you have the courage for that, Ryoka Griffin.”
She grabbed Erin by the throat, lifting her up. The portal was large now, spinning in the air, eight feet by eight feet wide. It was humming, a deep sound that Ryoka could feel in her bones. And it was—collapsing? Flares of color were emerging from around the spinning symbols. It was about to end.
Krshia lifted her bow as Gazi lifted Erin up. The girl’s feet kicked feebly.
“We will see her die before letting you take her.”
Gazi looked amused as she shook her head.
“Liar. I can see the lies on your face, Krshia Silverfang.”
Krshia hesitated. Ryoka tried to get up again. No good. She flopped on the ground and felt something fall out of her pocket. Her iPhone. She stared at it.
Throw it at Gazi? Probably not.
The adventurer let go of Erin and gripped her sword two-handed as she raised it over Ceria’s head. The half-elf stared up bleakly at the raised sword.
“Gazi.”
Ryoka’s voice was a hoarse croak as she pushed herself upright. Erin stood right in front of Gazi, fist raised, knowing it was useless to attack. She would do it anyways, Ryoka knew. But she had to speak first.
Gazi didn’t even bother turning her head. She spoke to the air.
“Now. What could you possibly say that would stop me here? I am curious.”
Ryoka took one deep breath, and then another. The world was spinning. If she took one step she’d probably puke or fall over. But she had to say it. Weak spot.
Eyes.
She hoped Erin moved fast.
“The King of Destruction has awakened. Flos has returned.”
 
—-
 
Erin heard the words, but didn’t know what they meant. But they caused a hush, and she saw Gazi’s eye widen. Slowly, the Gazer turned.
Gazi the Omniscient. She could see through walls, across miles and even into the hearts of other people. She could see through lies.
Her central eye turned, and all four smaller eyes. They fixed on Ryoka, staring into her, searching for the truth. And Erin moved. Faster than she’d ever moved before. Her hand raised, and shot out.
Maybe Gazi saw it out of her peripherals, but she turned. Her sword cut down the two arrows streaking towards her face. Her right hand caught Ksmvr’s dagger as he hurled it at Gazi. Perhaps it was that which made Gazi too slow. Or it might have been the crimson gaze, the touch of fear that came from a gemstone burning in a skeleton’s eyes.
It might have been all of those things, or nothing. But Gazi’s hand came up—
And Erin poked Gazi in the eye.
It was a terrible feeling. Erin’s finger sunk into the open eyeball, straight through the cornea. Erin felt her fingertip pushing through horrible wetness, through the gooey center and felt something burst over her hand.
Gazi screamed.
