2.05
Page 9
From down over the mountains it came. A storm? Or maybe it was just the wind, frozen and made corporeal. It was a white and grey wave that crashed down like an avalanche, but instead of breaking on the ground, angled up at the last moment and blew straight across the plains.
It headed straight towards the group, and for a second Erin thought she heard voices.
 
“Look, look, sisters! A group of travelers out in the open!”
“A band of warriors! The dogs and once-Dragons have been fighting!”
“And humans! And the slaves! And even a dead thing!”
 
Laughter, bright and tinkly, like crackling icicles. Erin squinted. Were there…blue shapes in the oncoming storm? But then the tone of the light, ethereal voices changed.
 
“Look! There! A half-breed! A filthy whore!”
“Kill it!”
“Bury it in snow!”
“Let’s dump snow on all of them!”
 
“Here it comes!”
Relc shouted, and the storm enveloped Erin in a sea of white. She was thrown to the ground, tumbled around, and then she was cold and wet and the world was missing.
“Erin! Erin!”
Something grabbed Erin as she struggled to sit up. Relc pulled Erin up and she gasped and spluttered as he freed her from the—
…Snow?
Suddenly, the world was changed. The grass was gone. Erin found herself shivering, waist-deep in pure white snow, and the air was suddenly frosty, and the skies grey and clouded.
“What—what—?”
Relc grinned at Erin and handed her the blanket back.
“Winter just arrived. Let’s get back to the city, huh? We’re going to need warm clothes; this one looks pretty cold.”
“What?”
Across from her, Ryoka pushed her way out of the snow, spluttering. She looked around.
“What the fuck?”
The storm was gone, as if it had never been. Only the snow remained, and the suddenly frozen landscape. And also the group of hovering creatures that swirled and swooped in the air above Erin and Ryoka’s heads.
 
“They’re not dead! The half-breed lives!”
“Let’s bury them again! Deeper!”
“No, let’s cut off her hair and tear out her eyes!”
“Look, look! This human is different! See how different she looks, sisters?”
 
One of the creatures floated down next to Ryoka, and pointed. Ryoka recoiled as they all flew around her, still speaking in their voices-that-weren’t-voices.
 
“You’re right! How strange! How odd!”
“Can she see us, we wonder?”
“Impossible!”
 
Relc grimaced. He swatted at the faeries and shook his head.
“Ugh. It’s them. I hate those things.”
One of the transparent…things floated in front of Relc’s face. He shook his head, eyes not focusing fully on…her. She blew into his face and he recoiled, shouting and clawing at the frost on his nose.
 
“We hate you too!”
 

