2.05
Page 8
She glanced up and looked over at another gathering, this one of the living. Ryoka and Erin sat in a protective circle of bodies. Ksmvr, the Gnolls, even the damn skeleton and the human mage stood around them protectively, though Gazi was long gone.
Ryoka was still swaying where she sat. The girl had a concussion and possibly fractured bones according to Pisces. Erin wasn’t badly hurt; the cuts on her face and her bruises had been easily fixed. But she was staring down at her hand. At her finger.
Zevara turned away. She looked at Relc, and at Klbkch, two of her best guardsmen, even if they were…Relc and Klbkch. She shook her head at them, and they nodded, understanding.
“What the hell just happened here? Why by all the dead gods would this…?”
She waved a hand helplessly at the scene. Relc just shook his head, but Klbkch cleared his throat.
“The humans, Watch Captain.”
“I know. I know the humans. But why? Why them? Why now? Why Gazi? Why?”
“I do not fully know. Perhaps we should ask when the time is right. But for now we must accept that the world is changing.”
“The world’s gonna end.”
Zevara looked at Relc. The Drake stared at the ground, ignoring the cuts and gashes he still hadn’t healed. She was no soldier, but she had the same sense he did.
Zevara looked at the sky. Revelations. There would be rumors spreading the instant they returned to the city, but the truth was far worse. Zevara felt it in her gut, the sense of urgency, the fear.
Peace was over. The King of Destruction had returned. If she didn’t hurry, she was going to die without ever telling Olesm she loved him.
 
—-
 
“I just want to sit by myself and not do anything. Just sit and play chess, okay? I’ll be better once I’m at the inn. Once I’m home.”
Erin told Krshia that for the hundredth time, she clutched the blanket around her hand even tighter, as if she could wipe away the memories, the feeling.
“I get that, but the Captain wants to talk to everyone in the city. We’ve got hot drinks and food. Just come with us.”
“If she does not want to go, she will not go. And you are in no position to demand such things now, yes?”
Krshia glared at Relc and the Drake glared back.
“Having a bunch of bows and your little archery group doesn’t mean you’re suddenly guardsmen, Krshia. You get in the way any more and I’ll hit you. With this.”
He lifted his spear and the Gnolls around Erin and Ryoka rumbled. Relc didn’t seem impressed, but Erin shook her head.
“No. No fighting. I’ll go. Ryoka?”
“Hm? Yeah?”
Ryoka nodded dizzily at Erin. Relc smiled.
“See? I’m right and you’re wrong, Krshia.”
“Well then, we shall go with Erin. As concerned citizens.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yes.”
“Fine, let’s all be guardsmen, then. I’d like to see you become a Senior Guardsman. We’ll take care of the humans. You Gnolls just go back to the city and—”
Relc stopped shouting and turned around. The Gnolls looked too. Erin had no idea what they were sensing or…hearing?
“Hold up. What the heck is that?”
Something echoed on the faintest edge of Erin’s hearing. Howling? No. Not like Gnolls. But the sound of wind, yes. And suddenly it felt colder.
A lot colder.
“Oh gods, it’s here! Winter is coming everyone. Get ready!”
Relc roared and everyone around him was suddenly moving. Erin looked around, confused. Relc growled as he grabbed the blanket from Erin and held it up around her and Ryoka.
“As if we needed anything else.”
“What? What’s happening.”
“Winter is here.”
Klbkch said it calmly as he appeared with another blanket. And then Erin and Ryoka saw it.
