2.06
Page 0

They sat together in the inn. Two girls, alike in gender and different in pretty much every other respect.
Ryoka Griffin and Erin Solstice eyed each other over the smooth mahogany table. Silence hung in the air between them. Taut. Tense.
It was finally time for them to talk.
“Well. It seems we have a lot to talk about.”
Ryoka was the first to break the silence. She looked up at Erin, and then down at her hands. Quite honestly, she didn’t know where to begin.
“I suppose—we should start with how we got here.”
It was the basis of all things. Sharing information. They needed to pool data, make plans for the future. Their survival could depend on it.
Ryoka took a deep breath. From the beginning. She’d put all her secrets on the line and hope Erin did the same.
“Erin, I came down towards Liscor because I was doing a delivery. A special one. You see, I met this man named Teriarch. And he put some kind of—of spell on me. It made me travel towards the Blood Fields and—”
Ryoka broke off sharply. Erin was raising a hand.
“What is it.”
“I’m sorry. But can we just—not do this right now?”
Oh of course. Ryoka closed her eyes. Erin was probably exhausted from meeting Gazi and rescuing Ceria. But this was important.
“I guess we can start tomorrow if necessary. I can sleep—”
Erin shook her head.
“No, not that. I mean this. Can we just cut the act for a second and take a break? From this stupid story, I mean. Why do we have to have a serious conversation now? Can’t we rest for, I dunno, five days and then go from there?”
Ryoka hesitated.
“But the script says we talk now and—”
“The script can go to hell! I’m sick of it!”
Erin glared at Ryoka.
“I’ve been here for nine months, and I still haven’t gotten a proper romantic relationship. Or even a wand or something like that.”
Ryoka paused. Erin sighed and put her face in her hands.
“And now I have to poke someone’s eye out? Do you know what that feels like? I mean, come on. I know you’re a professional, Ryoka, but I need a break. I’m sorry.”
Erin put her head down on the table. Ryoka patted her on the back and looked around. Then she lowered her voice conspiratorially.
“You think you’ve got it bad? At least you only have to deal with the inn. Every time I’m in a chapter I have to run for my life or nearly get eaten or—or have my leg run over by a frickin’ cart.”
Ryoka made a face at Erin.
“It’s been six months of this crap. Twice a week I have to run around, fight monsters, and complain about how stupid people are.”
Erin nodded. She sat up as Ryoka sighed.
“I know. And what’s with the frying pans, anyways? Who uses frying pans?”
“I know. I didn’t even get a weapon! What am I, too stupid to buy a sword? How hard is it honestly to use one. Put the pointy end in people. Simple!”
The two girls sat together and began to complain. Ryoka was nodding as Erin laid out her grievances.
“You’d think the author would at least give me a magic wand or something. I mean, is it beyond the realm of possibility that I’d fall into an ancient tomb or stumble over a mage’s corpse. I could have been Harry Potter. Instead I’m…Dudley.”
“Oh come on, you’re not fat.”
“It’s going to happen sooner or later. How do you think I deal with stress? Every time I nearly die I eat half a pig’s worth of food.”
Erin shuddered and shook her head. Ryoka winced sympathetically.
“Okay, how about this?”
The Asian girl spread her hands on the table and looked at Erin.
“Crossovers. They’re a good waste of time. Nothing plot-centric ever happens in a crossover. If we get one with another story, we could waste a chapter or two that way. Take a break.”
