2.06
Page 1
She grinned at Erin.
“You could magically appear in Hogwarts and meet Harry Potter for a day. Learn some magic, only it would only work with a wand – which you can’t bring back. That’s a good crossover. Plus, you could see if you can’t get a leg up on Ginny Weasley. Put the moves on scar boy.”
Ryoka nudged Erin with an elbow.
“Huh, huh?”
Erin made a face that wasn’t too enthusiastic.
“That would be cool. I guess. But you know that will never happen. Harry Potter’s over, and besides, there are all those licensing issues.”
That was true. Ryoka had to think about that.
“Well—what about other web serials? Maybe another author would go for a chapter trade. Like…what about Worm?”
“Worm? Do you want to die horribly?”
Erin glared at Ryoka, and the other girl held up her hands.
“Okay, okay. Good point. How about a webcomic? Those are nice.”
“That takes too long to draw.”
“Not unless we’re stick figures. We could try Order of the Stick.”
“I dunno. I don’t think I’d look good in 2D. Besides, you know the author’s too lazy to do any of that.”
“True.”
The two sat in silence for a few minutes. At last, Erin spoke.
“We should protest. Start a petition.”
Ryoka pounded the table.
“You’re right! Let’s send one to the Author’s Association.”
“Wait, there’s an Author’s Association?”
“…Probably not. But we can post it on change.org!”
“Yeah! Let’s do it!”
“Okay, I have a piece of paper here. Let me start this petition.”
Ryoka pulled out the chapter’s script and began scribbling on the back. Erin got up and hovered over the paper as Ryoka wrote.
“pirateaba is obviously a fake name. But I know what the real author’s name is.”
“Okay. What is it?”
Erin smiled. She pointed to the first line.
“Helicopter DeFranco. Okay, so we’ll start by saying that ‘We the main characters of the story feel that the author, Helicopter DeFranco has repeatedly ignored our right to acceptable working hours, freedom of speech, medical care, a safe working environment, and…’”
“Wait a second.”
Ryoka had to hold up a hand and cut Erin off.
“Are you sure his name is Helicopter DeFranco?”
Erin frowned.
“Pretty sure? And it’s ‘she’, Ryoka. The author is a she. Helicopter can be a girl’s name as well as a guy’s.”
Ryoka stared at Erin. She paused, put down the pen, rubbed at her eyes, and looked at Erin.
“First: the author’s name is not Helicopter DeFranco. I don’t know where you’re getting that from.”
Erin looked down sadly at her hands.
“The comments lied to me.”
Ryoka shook her head.
“Second: the author is male.”
“He is not! I mean—she is not!”
“The author is totally a he, Erin. Only a guy would be this much of a dick to female characters.”
“If we were in a LitRPG web serial written by a guy, we’d both be in a harem. And your breasts would be three times as large.”
Ryoka looked down at her chest and covered it protectively.
“Not every male author is a chauvinistic pig. Some of them can write female characters. Like George R. R. Martin.”
“If we were in The Game of Thrones we’d be dead.”
“True…”
“Anyways, the author is a she.”
“He.”
“She.”
“It?”
“Look, are we going to write the petition or not? Let’s just write ‘pirateaba’ for now and change it later.”
Ryoka hesitated as she stared at the paper.
“But are we sure we want to do this? I mean, seriously?”
“What’s the worst that could happen?”
“He could have Gazi come back and stab us repeatedly.”
Erin paused. And then she looked at Ryoka, seriously.
“Ryoka, let me ask you this instead: what do you think the odds are that the author’s going to have that happen anyways?”
Ryoka stared at Erin for a second, and then sat down and began to write.
 
