2.07
Page 11
“Are ye daft? Have your kind forgotten all the old tales, or are ye so daft ye can’t remember? The Sword of the Once and Future King! Escalibor!”
 
That name rang a bell in Erin’s head. She stared wide-eyed at the fairy, heart suddenly pounding.
“You mean Excalibur!? The Sword in the Stone?”
The fairies looked at each other as if Erin was daft.
 
“The Sword in the Stone? Is she a fool?”
“Hah! The waif thinks Excalibur is the Sword in the Stone? She jests!”
 
One of the fairies made a disgusted face as she swooped around Erin’s head.
 
“Ach. The stripling is plainly thick in the head.”
 
Erin longed to reach out and touch her translucent wings, but restrained herself with effort. She’d probably lose her hand.
“Wait, so Excalibur isn’t the Sword in the Stone? I always thought—but you mean it’s exists? And what about other worlds?”
They ignored her. The fairies muttered to each other and glanced at Erin. They seemed to come to a decision and began to fly away without another word.
She chased after them, clumsily in the snow.
“Wait, don’t go, please! There’s so many things I want to ask you!”
 
“Begone!”
 
One of the fairies turned and dove at Erin. Her teeth were bared and this time she began smacking hard into Erin’s face. Parts of her skin went numb and then began to hurt terribly as Erin tried to shield herself.
“Ow, ow, ow! Stop that! Please! Ow!”
The fairy kept attacking, and then fell back with a screech. Erin turned around to see her savior. Pisces was holding of all things, a rusted iron horseshoe. Where had he gotten that?
He waved it up at the fairies, and Erin heard them hiss at him. Pisces shouted at them as he and Erin backed up towards the inn.
“Begone, Cold Folk! Leave this place! You are not welcome!”
It was like a spell had been cast. The fairies shrieked and flew upwards. Erin heard them screaming angrily as Pisces pulled her towards the door. His face and skin were now horribly red with frost nip, but he kept a firm hold of the horseshoe.
“Come on. Inside before they come back.”
Erin hesitated. She put one foot in the doorway and looked back. They’d been so wonderful. And then—
Movement caught Erin’s eye in the distance. She stared in horror over Pisces’ shoulder. He looked around and saw what was coming towards them.
“Oh my—”
Erin saw the fairies screaming among the raging torrent of ice and snow a second before it hit them. An avalanche of snow blasted through the open door of the inn, sweeping through the tables and chairs aside. Erin was tumbled up, down, left, and then stuck at a 45° angle in the snow, her feet kicking wildly as she tried to pull herself out.
Around the other side of the inn, Toren heard the miniature avalanche crash into the inn and paused in his excavation work to look up. The skeleton had successfully cleared out a huge patch of snow around the inn with his bare hands, forming a small wall of snow. He left it now and wandered back towards the front of the inn.
The skeleton saw only vague shapes, blue and white patches of light flying upwards. He heard nothing of the Frost Fairys’ laughter or their remarks, but he did see the inn.
Snow, several metric tons of it had rushed into the inn in one moment. It had packed itself inside, trapping the two poor humans inside. Toren heard Erin screaming and Pisces shouting something. He stared at the packed inn and estimated the density of the snow.
Toren’s mouth opened and he seemed to sigh. Then he walked into the inn and began to dig as the snow began to fall even harder.
 

