2.07
Page 6
It was not home, and it never would be. But Ryoka thought—yes, she thought it was still a place to remember. Because she had a friend there.
A friend. Named Erin Solstice.
 
“Are ye smiling because ye are daft or slow, Human?”
 
Ryoka glanced up. A fairy was hovering around her head. She smiled at Ryoka as, too late, the Runner pretended not to see her.
 
“I knew it! Ye can see us!”
 
The fairy turned to the rest of her flock, or herd, or swarm or whatever they were called en-masse.
 
“Harken, sisters! This human sees us but pretends we are naught but dust in the wind!”
 
Ryoka ignored them. The Frost Fairies were nearly a hundred in the air now, a huge mass that whirled around. They were…arguing, or perhaps debating. Ryoka listened.
 
“Bah. Who cares what mortals think? What fools these mortals be! Let us go and bring snow and ice to the rest of this mudball!”
“No, no! I want to stay at the inn!”
“The running cow interests me. I say we follow her!”
 
They split up. The majority of the swarm flew up into the air, and blew away, south. More Frost Fairies flew back in the direction of the inn, but a small group of ten or so kept pace with Ryoka as she kept running.
They were pleasant company, laughing, flying around Ryoka, for about one second. Then one landed on Ryoka’s head and bent down until she was upside-down in Ryoka’s vision.
 
“I know ye can hear me, Human. Say something.”
 
The best way to deal with people she didn’t like was to ignore them. That was Ryoka’s tried and true method, and she tried it now.
 
“Are ye a fool? Speak!”
 
Ryoka’s hand came up and brushed at the fairy. The tiny creature was making Ryoka’s forehead go numb and giving her a headache. The fairy fluttered up, outraged.
Ignore them. Just ignore them.
 
“Pay attention to us!”
“Speak, cow!”
“We grace your filthy ears with words. Answer back!”
 
One of them landed in Ryoka’s hair and began to pull strands out. She shouted in Ryoka’s ear with a voice that was far too loud for her small body.
 
“Hey. Heeeeey. Hey! Listen to me, Human!”
 
Ryoka snarled.
“Piss off!”
 
—-
 
Erin sighed. She stared up at the ceiling. Ryoka’s leaving had left her empty as her inn. But she had to keep going. She wasn’t alone anymore.
That put a smile on her face. It was replaced instantly by a yawn.
“Man. I’m tired.”
All that talking and fighting and eye-poking earlier today had left Erin really tired. She knew she should probably do something constructive, but her brain told her the most constructive thing she could do was sleep.
One step at a time. One day at a time. Erin closed her eyes and went to sleep.
 
[Warrior Class Obtained!]
[Warrior Level 2!]
[Skill – Lesser Endurance Obtained!]
 
“Gaaah!”
Sometimes Erin forgot how surprising the disembodied voice in her head could be. She jerked up, lost her balance in her chair, and toppled backwards.
She crashed into the floorboards, which didn’t hurt so much after the first few seconds. Erin lay on the ground and stared at the ceiling.
“Warrior? Me?”
She thought about that for a second. Then Erin’s eyes closed and she decided it was another thing that the Erin of tomorrow would have to deal with.
Lie on the ground. Go to sleep for a few more minutes. Wake up when the blood rushes to your head.
Get up, brush teeth. Erin kept forgetting that part. Crawl into blankets in kitchen.
Go to sleep.
“Hello Erin—”
“Aah!”
Erin shot out of her blankets and grabbed the first thing that came to hand and threw it at the person who’d spoken.
