2.07
Page 5
“One more thing. While I’m gone, try not to tell anyone else about where we’re from. Not that Antinium, and not Krshia. Or at least, don’t tell them any secrets.”
“Like what?”
Ryoka stared at Erin until she felt uncomfortable.
“Gunpowder. How cars work. The periodic table. Anything that might upset things.”
“Upset things how?”
Ryoka opened her mouth, and then shook her head.
“I don’t know. Just try to be discreet, okay?”
She raised a finger.
“Discretion.”
Ryoka stared at Erin. Erin nodded obediently.
“Discretion. Right. Got it.”
Ryoka pulled open the door to the inn as Erin hovered anxious around her.
“You’ll be back soon though, right?”
“In a week or less. Don’t worry. Can you check on Ceria for me?”
“Oh, sure, sure. But do you want something to take with you? A snack? Lunch? Dinner? I can make something.”
“I’ll be fine. I’ve got to go.”
“What about—”
“Erin. I’ll see you later.”
Ryoka stood up, pushed her feet into the ill-fitting boots she had to wear to avoid freezing her feet off, and nodded at Erin. She stepped out the door.
It was frickin’ cold outside, but Ryoka let not a trace of that show on her face. She wasn’t equipped for the winter; she was still in this world’s equivalent of a t-shirt and running leggings. But once she started running she’d warm up.
No time to start like the present, then. Ryoka took a few steps into the snow and began to jog. The snow was loose and powdery around her boots. It was like running in the sand—and even harder because of the boots. It would take Ryoka quite some time to get back north.
“Good luck!”
Ryoka heard the voice, but she only raised one hand in farewell. She continued to accelerate until she was going at a decent clip. Soon, the inn was lost behind her as Ryoka ran up and down snow-covered mounds, heading back towards the main road.
That was when the air suddenly blew even more intensely, and Ryoka realized she was no longer alone. She didn’t see them right away, but she heard the voices.
 
“Look, look! The raven-haired one is leaving!”
“She runs, how slow! Like an insect on the ground!”
 
Ryoka ignored the shrill voices in the air, and the pale azure shapes that flew down out of the sky and hovered around her head. Even at close range, the Frost Fairies were hard to see. If the sky had been clear and blue, they would have been practically invisible.
They fluttered around her head, laughing, swooping about, smiling with sharp teeth as their bright eyes followed Ryoka.
So beautiful. But Ryoka didn’t want to stop for them. They were dangerous, so she pretended she couldn’t hear them. She just admired them out of the corner of her eyes whenever they flitted past.
 
“She runs slow! Slow and plodding, like one of the stupid grass-eaters!”
“A cow, a cow!”
 
Apparently, fairies were rude. Ryoka frowned. What the hell were they? And why—
Ryoka slipped as her boots hit a slick patch of ice under the snow and she nearly toppled over. She heard laughter ringing through the air around her.
“Fuck.”
The impact didn’t hurt, but the snow was freezing as it melted on Ryoka’s bare skin. She got up, brushed herself off, and began to run, faster. She needed winter gear as soon as possible, or she’d freeze in this weather.
Who would know about these strange creatures? Maybe someone who knew a lot of magic. Like Pisces or—
“Damnit.”
She’d completely forgotten to mention Teriarch and Magnolia to Erin. Oh well. They weren’t going anywhere, and besides, Ryoka would be back soon enough.
The Wandering Inn.
