2.07
Page 9
She dove at the girl’s head, forcing her to duck. Erin held up her hands, but the fairy darted around them and struck Erin on her cheek.
Instantly, the skin around where the fairy had touched Erin went numb, and then came back to life with pins and needles of pain. Erin clapped a hand to the spot and felt the extreme cold.
“Ow! Stop that!”
“They’re not going to stop.”
Pisces said the words urgently as the fairies laughed and the mean one kept trying to tag Erin again with one hand. Erin tried to fend the fairy off—gently, because she didn’t want to hurt the small creature.
“Why are they trying to hurt me? I just want to talk.”
The mage laughed nervously as he stared at Erin.
“Talk? They’re not people, Erin. They’re just…magical phenomena. They turn up every year. No one knows where they come from. They’re pests that destroy everything they find interesting.”
Something about the way he was talking was really bugging Erin. She glared at him as the fairy stopped attacking her at last.
“What are you talking about, Pisces? Can’t you see them? They’re totally fairies! They just spoke to us!”
Pisces was giving Erin a very strange look. He stared in the general direction of the fairy with the Irish accent, and then at Erin.
“Spoke? To you? I heard nothing.”
He wasn’t even looking at the fairy directly. Erin pointed.
“There, can’t you see her?”
The fairy was laughing, making faces at Erin and rude gestures that would have been obscene if she had human parts at Pisces. The mage squinted, but he was looking a bit down and to the left of the fairy.
“I see a fuzzy shape. It’s blue and white. I don’t hear anything.”
That had to be impossible, because Erin could hear all the fairies laughing now. Their laughter sounded like little bells, but Pisces didn’t even react. He was telling the truth.
“But how?”
Pisces looked at Erin.
“Erin. Are you really saying you can see and hear these things? They’re not just…magical particles?”
 
“Oh, but she can, fool mage!”
“She sees what you mortals cannot, and have not for millennia! More fools, you!”
 
Erin nodded slowly.
“But why can I see them when you can’t?”
Pisces blinked and frowned in thought, but it was the mean fairy who spoke. She flew back towards her friends and pointed back to Erin.
 
“’Tis a good question the fool asks. How can she see us, sisters? The glamor cannot be broken so easily by mortal sight. Just look at the fool who revels in death. He cannot see or hear us.”
“Too true!”
 
One of the fairies dropped down and buzzed Pisces’ head. He ducked, and she laughed and flew back towards the others.
 
“He does not see! He does not know! But she knows! How?”
 
The fairies flew around Erin’s head, inspecting her from all sides as they argued. She kept still, half-entranced, half-wary.
 
“Magic? But the magic of magi is too weak. And she has practically none!”
“If she’s used the ointment of our kind, we should blind her now. Take her eyes, one or both and let’s have done with it!”
 
Erin stared in horror at the fairy that had spoken. Suddenly, the Frost Fairies had lost all their wonder. The creature swept down close to Erin’s head and the girl raised her hands protectively. But then another fairy spoke.
 
“Nae. It does not work so in this world. Had she ointment, she would only see our shapes but not hear our voices. It is something else, sisters.”
“But what?”
“How?”
“Is she a freak? But even monsters and creatures of horror and blight cannot see us!”
“A God, maybe?”
“Don’t be silly! They’re all dead here! All dead and rotting!”
 
