2.07
Page 10
Pisces glanced at Erin’s face. He sidled rapidly over to her and whispered in her ear.
“What’s happening?”
Erin turned a pale face towards him.
“They’re talking about blinding me.”
He raised an eyebrow.
“Ah. That would be inconvenient. Stand aside and I will deal with this.”
He raised a finger, and Erin moved away. The fairies ignored Pisces, but he frowned at them. He aimed towards the center of their herd and spoke.
“[Firefly].”
Fire, flickering bright orange and red flames flew upwards. It twisted into a flitting, swift shape and flew at the fairies. They screamed and scattered.
“Pisces!”
“Relax.”
The mage was smirking. He gestured at the flames as the spell chased the Frost Fairies.
“It doesn’t hurt them, and it’s one of the only ways to get these creatures to leave. I thought it best to expedite the process if they are a threat.”
 
“Fire, fire!”
“It will burn our snowflakes! Our snow gifts!”
“Bah. This mage seeks to play with flame? Let’s show him a true taste of cold, sisters!”
 
One of the fairies spoke as the herd of fairies flew in panic. In a moment the mood changed.
Erin didn’t see what happened, but one instant the flaming bird or insect of fire was chasing a fairy, and then the fairy had stopped and suddenly the [Firefly] spell went out. In a moment. There wasn’t so much as a flicker of smoke. The fire was just gone.
Pisces frowned upwards as one of the fairies raised a tiny hand. He stroked at his chin.
“Hm. That’s odd—”
Crack.
It was a feeling as much as sound. The air froze. Pisces’s face turned white and his robes stiffened. His entire body frosted over.
Erin saw Pisces’s expression change. His eyes went wide, and then he started screaming as his body began to process pain. He turned, fire flaring at his fingertips, stumbling as his muscles froze over. He fell to the ground, stumbled upright, and fled into the inn as the fairies laughed overhead.
 
“Hah! Serves the fool right!”
“Fire cannot hurt us! Ye foolish prat!”
“Now what to do with the human who told him to attack us, eh?”
 
The fairies began to spiral around Erin menacingly. She raised her hands desperately.
“Wait, wait, stop! Look, I’m sorry about my fr—about Pisces. He’s an idiot. I don’t want to hurt you!”
One of the fairies laughed again.
 
“As if ye could! We are the fae! But we want nothing to do with you! Begone, human!”
 
That was a good cue to run, especially after what happened to Pisces. But Erin couldn’t just give up. She reached out imploringly to the fairies.
“Can’t we talk?”
 
“No.”
 
“But I’ve heard so many stories about you! And you’re so beautiful!”
Some of the fairies began to preen, tossing their ethereal hair or swooping towards the sun so it made their crystal bodies sparkle. But the fairy Erin was talking to was not impressed. She flipped Erin off with two fingers in the ‘v’ sigh. Was that an insult?
 
“Unless ye’ve brought Calabrum with ye ta this world, we want naught to do with yer stories, human.”
 
That sounded like a definite rejection, but again Erin hesitated. There was a word in that sentence she didn’t know, outside of the accent.
“Um. What’s Calabrum?”
The fairy looked shocked. She glared at Erin.
 
“Do ye not remember the legendary name? No? Surely ye must. Do you know know of Caliburn?”
 
Slowly, Erin shook her head. She had no idea what the fairy was talking about. Another fairy looked insulted.
 
“Don’t you remember the old tales? How can you not know the name? If not Caliburn, do you know of Kaledvoulc’h? Calesvol?”
 
Erin still looked blank. The fairy looked frustrated.
 
