2.07
Page 8
“How can you not be amazed by that? Look at them! They look like crystal and—ice come to life! They look exactly like how I imagined fairies would look! How is that horrible?”
Pisces eyed Erin as if she’d lost her wits. He stared upwards, and then spoke in a puzzled voice.
“Fairies? I don’t see any small winged creatures. They just look like fuzzy blobs to me.”
Now it was Erin’s turn to stare at Pisces. She waved a hand in front of his face and he jerked back.
“Stop that.”
“How can you not see them?”
“See what? Those are Winter Sprites. The children call them fairies, but they’re just floating pieces of annoyance. They come around and bring winter and bother people, but that’s all.”
“No, they’re fairies!”
“Are you insane?”
Their argument had attracted the attention of the Frost Fairies above. They flew down towards Erin and Pisces. He yelped and scuttled back towards the door, but Erin remained still. She stared up, eyes shining as a fairy flew down in front of her.
The creature wasn’t like a Human, or even Ceria in terms of anatomy. For one thing, neither humans nor half-elves were made of what looked like fluid ice and pure crystal. But the fairies had different bodies in other ways as well. They had no breasts or genitalia, and they had two sets of wings, like a dragonfly. In fact, their eyes were pupil-less, much like those insects. But for all of that, they looked like beautiful little girls to Erin.
That was, until one of them spat in Erin’s eye.
Fairy spit is small, but the creatures were cold as ice. Erin yelped and grabbed at her eye as the fairy started cursing at her. Pisces muttered in a soft voice as he ducked away from the Frost Fairies flying over his head.
“Told you.”
The fairy who’d spat on Erin hovered close to the human girl as she rubbed frantically at her stinging eye. She glared at Erin.
 
“And what are ye lookin’ at? Another mortal come to gawk? Begone with yeh!”
 
She had a faintly Irish accent. Erin wasn’t actually sure if it was Irish or Scottish, which betrayed her ignorance, but if she had been an expert of a native to Ireland, she would have recognized the Frost Fairy’s accent as Irish. Specifically, since Irish accents differed so dramatically geographically, her accent was vaguely reminiscent of the Monaghan county of Ireland.
But to Erin, it was just an odd way of speaking that seemed to involve saying ‘ya’ or possibly ‘yeh’ with every other word. And what was stranger was that not all the Frost Fairies talked the same. Some had vaguely British accents – West Country, Southern Welsh, North Welsh, Edinburgh – so varied and so thick that Erin could barely make out one word in two when they spoke at once.
And chattering seemed to be the Frost Fairies’ default setting, as they swooped around Erin’s head, talking loudly.
 
“Look, look! Another human?”
“Can she see us too?”
“It seems like it!”
“Hear how she squealed at the cold! Do it again!”
 
Despite first contact, Erin was still entranced. She raised her voice.
“No—I mean, I can see you. Can I talk to you?”
Pisces stared at Erin as if she’d gone mad.
“Just who exactly are you talking to?”
The fairies had heard Erin, though. Her words sent them into wild spirals as they flew around her, chattering excitedly.
 
“She can see us! She can!”
“That makes two! Two humans who can see us!”
“How odd! How strange!”
 
The lead fairy tossed her head and sent her shimmering hair flying.
 
“Hah! The bloody twat wants ta talk? Sod off ye wanker!”
 
