2.07
Page 7
Her [Unerring Aim] worked perfectly. The pillow flew through the air and struck Pisces in the chest. He blinked as it fell to the ground.
“Ah. Did I wake you by any chance? My deepest apologies.”
For a second, the dirty mage standing in Erin’s kitchen with robes wet and dripping from the snow was like a dream. Then it became horrible reality and Erin rolled over.
“Go away!”
She threw another pillow at him. Pisces looked hurt. He sniffed and wiped at his runny nose with his robes.
“It’s just me. There’s no need to be so dramatic.”
“How’d you get in here?”
“The door was unlocked.”
Erin sat up in her bed, grumpily staring at Pisces. The thing about locking doors was starting to make more and more sense. She glared at Pisces.
“I’m closed. Go away.”
“You were open just a few minutes ago for your friend.”
That was the thing about Pisces. Unlike Ryoka, who didn’t read social cues that well, Pisces could readily pick up on unspoken messages. His problem was that he just chose to ignore them.
Erin wriggled around in her blankets until she could both remain in her warm nest and glare at Pisces.
“Ryoka is special. You’re not. Go away.”
“After all I’ve done for you and Ceria both, this is how you repay me? I came here in good faith, hoping to provide you with custom for your business when I could have stayed in the city.”
Pisces sniffed, hurt. He seemed to be neglecting the fact that he didn’t actually pay Erin for the food he ate here.
“Ryoka gets food if she’s hungry. You don’t. You wait until I’m awake for food.”
Again, the mage sniffed and Erin swore to herself that if he sneezed on her or dripped snot on her head she would stab him.
“Your indulgence in your newfound friend is commendable. Although, perhaps you shouldn’t have let her go. She ran into trouble as soon as she left. A group of sprites started following her. I saw her run off with a swarm of them hovering over her head.”
“Swarm? What swarm?”
“A swarm of those…creatures. The sprites. The beings who brought this delightful snow for the winter we’re now experiencing. The, ah, Winter Sprites.”
“Winter Sprites? You mean the fairies!”
Erin was out of her blankets and running outside in a second. She ran outside in her bare feet, yelped, scrambled for shoes, and then there they were.
A shimmering, sparkling cloud of bodies hovered over Erin’s inn. Faint, lithe shapes of fairies hovered and dove as their laughter rang through the air.
“Oh no. They’re here.”
Pisces emerged from the inn. Erin paid no notice to him, although he instantly began urging her back inside.
“Come on. They haven’t noticed us yet. If we stay indoors they’ll go away. They don’t enter buildings.”
“What? No. I want to look at them.”
Erin replied absently as Pisces pulled at her sleeve. He squinted at her and then up at the fairies suspiciously.
“Why? They’re just pests.”
She didn’t reply. How he could call the wondrous beings floating above his head ‘pests’, Erin had no idea. Like Ceria, there was an otherworldly, unearthly look to the Frost Fairies. They were beautiful as part of the world, but they were mythic, strange and delightful in all the ways they were not part of the world.
“They’re so…magical.”
Erin breathed the words as she stared upwards, entranced. Pisces turned and stared expressionlessly at Erin. She waved a hand at him.
“You don’t count.”
He shook his head.
“Horrible creatures. I don’t know what you see in them.”
“What?”
Finally Erin stopped staring long enough to glare at Pisces. She gestured at the fairies as they flew around, chasing each other and laughing overhead.
