2.08
Page 7
I need to learn more magic. Probably from Ceria or Pisces, but I need to finish my business here first. So.
Garia’s still watching the Frost Faeries warily. She can’t see them like I can, or hear them laughing and plotting to attack a cow, but she still sees something. I cough, and she looks at me.
“Do you need help getting rid of them, Ryoka? I know some old tricks. A horseshoe or something made of iron helps deter them, although they’ll throw things at you from far away if you do.”
“They’ll get bored. But there is one thing I would like to know. Where is Lady Magnolia at right now? Still in her house in Celum?”
Fals eyes me oddly.
“I’m not going to take any requests away from you. I just need to see her.”
“No, it’s not that.”
Fals shakes his head. He looks rueful.
“Don’t you know? Lady Magnolia always travels north for the winter. She was only here for a few months in her holdings. But she’s gone back home.”
…What?
“She’s in a large city far north of here. Invrisil, the city of adventurers.”
“Okay, so I’ll go there.”
Again, the look Fals gives me tells me I’ve made another mistake.
“That’s three hundred miles north of here. Even if you started now, I doubt you’d make it before the rest of the land is coated in ice.”
What? Wat? What?
“Three hundred miles?”
You’ve got to be joking. But no, no, the looks I’m getting from Garia tell me that Fals is not joking. Three hundred…I saw a map in one of the books I read, but I didn’t see the scale on it. Three hundred miles? Is this place really that big? And more importantly—
“How’d she get there in a week’s time? By horse?”
How far can you travel by horse in a day? No—since it’s her, how far can you travel by coach in a day?
“She travelled in a carriage. One of the fancy magical ones that the wealthy use. It can travel that distance in a day or two.”
“A magic coach?”
“One of the powerful ones. It doesn’t need horses; it creates them out of magic. Extremely quick, but I hear they have to replace mana stones or recharge the magic quite often. It’s not something that’ll ever replace us Runners.”
That’s not my real concern, although it is fascinating. Garia turns to Fals as he and she begin to talk about the competitive nature of running.
“Why don’t people on horses take our jobs? They’re faster, unless we get good skills. A horse can beat a low-level Runner any day of the week.”
Fals smiles at Garia and shakes his head.
“Until a Goblin spooks you out of the saddle, or your horse attracts a monster looking for a meal. Some Runners use them, but unless you’re a good rider and you want to spend half the time running next to the horse and waiting for it to rest, you might as well not bother.”
“Oh. Of course. I should have known.”
“Why should you? It’s a good question, right Ryoka?”
Fals grins at me, and I nod absently. Three hundred miles. I could make that journey. I’d have to buy supplies, or plan a route that allows me to stop in cities, but I could do it. It’s just—
Damn. I won’t be able to keep my promise to Erin. I said I’d be back in a week and there’s no way I’d make it there and back in that time.
Magnolia has more than one estate? Well of course she does. She’s rich. That only leaves my second option, and that one’s a hundred times more dangerous. I need to think things over.
“Sorry if that ruined your plans, Ryoka. We’re not too happy about it either, mind you. That’s a lot of good coin we’ll not see for another year.”
