2.08
Page 9
It’s as if I told her the world was round. Or…is it flat over here? Never mind. Garia’s used to a world that isn’t mapped out with satellites and Google cars, but I’m not. The idea that there’s something to explore, something to find that’s completely new is what burns through my veins.
“But do you really need money that bad, Ryoka? I thought—well, you said you had quite a bit saved up from that delivery you did in the High Passes.”
The delivery. Right.
“I—need more money. There are things I have to do. And for that I’d need better jobs.”
She shrugs her broad shoulders. If Garia had been born in my world, she could have been the first female boxer to claim a title in the men’s division.
“Well, running is a steady job, but I don’t know that you’ll earn a lot quickly. Not unless you’re a Courier, and Fals said…”
“I know.”
Apparently even I’m slow compared to a Courier. I wonder what she’s like? Or he. Or it? If one’s coming down this way, I’ll try to measure myself against them.
First things first.
“I’ve got a few more advantages that might help, but I’m not sure who to go to. Do you know this city well?”
“Pretty well. And I’d be happy to help.”
Garia grins at me, again proving that she’s a good person who doesn’t deserve a friend like me. If we are friends. Are we?
I reach behind me and open my Runner’s pack with one hand. Ever since I got it back from Rags, I’ve been extra-careful with the potion I received as payment. It shines orange and pink, glowing with both colors in the grey sky.
“I need someone who can identify this potion. Know any [Alchemists] or mages around here?”
Garia stares at the potion in my hands, entranced.
“Is that—? Um, yes! I know someone who could help. She’s a friend of mine. This way!”
She leads me down a street, and then another, until we come to a smaller side-street off the main path. I don’t know Celum that well at all; just the way to Magnolia’s house and a few inns and the Runner’s Guild. But Garia was a Street Runner here before she became a City Runner.
The shop she brings me to has a small position next to two other shops. It has a nice façade, belongs to a decently-wealthy district…and it has boarded up windows and plywood in the display area instead of glass.
I look up at the sign over the shop.
Stitchworks. Potions, tonics, herbs.
Well, we’re in the right place. Garia seems nervous, though. She takes a deep breath, and pushes open the door.
“Octavia? Um, are you in?”
It takes my eyes a second to adjust to the darker room from the snowy bright city outside. The room I’m in—
Is definitely an [Alchemist]’s workshop. Definitely.
Let’s see. Herbs hanging from beams? Check. Potions on one wall? Check. Parchment, quills, some kind of desk for mixing potions? Check. Glass blown into squiggly shapes? Check.
A single lamp provides light for the room. It’s not your average lamp either; this one I recognize. It’s a safety lamp, the kind used in coal mines or in places where fire is a danger, like here. Glass walls contained a bright flame as the lamp illuminated the shop, the shimmering potions—
And the young woman carefully studying the glowing blue potion at one of the tables. She looks up as Garia and I enter, and smiles at us.
“Garia! And you’ve brought a friend? Welcome! Come in and get out of the cold!”
The [Alchemist] beckons us into the shop, putting the potion carefully on one of the shelves. And she’s a surprise to me as well, although she shouldn’t be.
