2.08
Page 3
*Yes, bags. Don’t ask me why. I guess some things just store better in bag form. They’re some kind of tangling spell. You toss it at people and vines come out. A classic?
 
“I’m looking for more utility. Or something that can recharge itself so I don’t keep using up my supply.”
Fals frowns and strokes at his clean-shaven chin.
“That’s expensive.”
“But there is a market?”
“Not here—but with enough gold, you can get someone to deliver it. Pay a Runner.”
He grins and I have to as well. This social thing isn’t exactly easy, but at least it’s not as much of a chore as I thought it would be.
“Okay, let’s assume a proper artifact that renews itself is worth two hundred gold?”
I look at Fals. He shakes his head.
“Okay, four hundred. Six hundred? Eight hundred?”
“Probably around eight hundred gold for something cheap. But I can’t just give you a set number, Ryoka. The spell and object makes it an entire range of prices.”
Holy economics, Batman*. What’s up with that price range?
 
*Yeah, I thought that. I watched the old Batman show when I was a kid. Sue me.
 
Then again, given how much adventurers can make – I think Ceria told me once that an average contract can pay several gold coins per contract even without the bounty on monsters – it makes sense.
Healing potions? A gold coin or two. It goes up with potency. Spell books? Several hundred gold coins to thousands for the really strong stuff. Enchanted weapons fall in between, while ordinary armor is cheap by comparison.
One-time spells aren’t cheap, but you can buy some if you’re a seasoned adventurer with coin to throw around. Ceria’s robes cost her nearly a hundred and twenty gold coins – something she had to save up for years to buy. But they didn’t break or tear even after she nearly died in the Ruins. They’re about the only thing she did keep, but she told me her wand was half as expensive as that. It was just a focusing agent with some magic she had to constantly renew.
But self-sustaining magic? Let’s say…a ring of fireballs or something? One cast per day? That’s probably the kind of artifact they were hoping to find in Skinner’s lair. It would cost…one thousand two hundred gold pieces?
“How about a ring that shoots fireballs? Once a day?”
“I’d bet that would cost at least three thousand gold pieces. Probably four, and that’s if you don’t have to deal with some merchant from overseas.”
Garia’s jaw drops. She looks at Fals and me and shakes her head.
“Really? I had no idea they cost that much. I looked at a tripvine bag for protection, you know, but even that was out of my price range.”
She turns red and falls silent, as if she thinks Fals and I will judge her. It’s true, he and I could probably afford one or two, but I’m not that kind of person. And he’s not either, at least, I don’t think so. But Persua is, so I suppose in the past…
I’m glad she isn’t here. I still owe her a shattered leg bone, and she still has it out for me if I’m any judge. But magic.
“That’s an expensive ring.”
“Well, it’s more like adventuring gear. It would be nice for a Runner, but we don’t need that kind of weaponry, at least, not unless we’re doing Courier jobs. Why, are you hoping to become one?”
“It’s something to think about.”
Garia stares at me, as if I’ve announced I want to become a Gold-rank adventurer. Which is pretty much what a Courier is, right?
“So you’re saying anything worth having is at least a few thousand gold coins, right?”
“I’d have to imagine so. There’s a lot of limited-use magic for less, but if you want something you can rely on, you’d have to be rich.”
