2.08
Page 4
Okay, let’s see. That would make any kind of real magical artifact pretty much the equivalent of a supercar or…or a fighter jet from my world. The only difference here is that some people carry around the equivalent value of a nuke in their pockets. With probably the same effect.
Gazi wore armor that didn’t even take a scratch when she got hit. Her sword cut through everything but Relc’s skin easily. I wonder how much her equipment was worth? Or that teleportation scroll?
“Ryoka.”
Fals draws me out of my musing. He’s looking at me seriously, and so is Garia.
“What?”
“You really want to become a Courier? I don’t know what went on down in Liscor, but I’ve heard rumors. Undead attacks?”
“I missed that. But a Courier’s the dream, right? If it pays better, I’ll become one.”
“Right.”
Fals stops and glances at Garia for some reason. She looks uncertain as well. Which means they want to say something and they’re not sure how I’ll take it. I stare at Fals.
“Say it.”
“Ryoka. If you never level up, you’ll never become a Courier.”
Fals says it straight to my face, meeting my eyes directly. He gestures at Garia.
“Garia told me, and the rumors are spreading. You’re one of our best Runners, Ryoka. But this is a dangerous job even for Street Runners. City Runners risk their lives, and a lot of us retire each year. But Couriers are different. You’re the fastest Runner in the local Guilds, but you’re nowhere near fast enough to become one of them, Ryoka. In a year or two, even Garia will be able to outrun you.”
 
—-
 
I blink at Fals. I can’t have heard him right. Garia, outrun me? She’s got terrible form. She’s slow, even if she is strong, and her body’s not build for the kind of running I can do. She’s…
She’s got the [Runner] class. She’s Level 11, or at least she was when she first met me. And I guess if she keeps leveling she’ll get faster?
That makes sense, but I can’t imagine Garia ever beating me in a footrace. But Fals is serious, so I try to respond without biting his head off.
“It’s time for me to think bigger. Bigger and better.”
“I appreciate that, but you’ve never seen a Courier, have you? They can cover distances in hours where it would take you and I days.”
“Huh. Well…I don’t have a class.”
It’s liberating to say, although it makes Garia stare at me as if I have half a head. But Fals just frowns at me.
“Do you have…any reason for that?”
“Personal preference. And I’m not about to change.”
He shakes his head at me, uncomprehending.
“Well, I’ll be the first to admit that you can beat me in a race even without levels. All of my skills are geared towards sensing danger and preserving stamina, anyways. I don’t have any movement skills, but I was lucky. Mine have kept me alive so far.”
He gestures at the requests board across the room.
“Look, Ryoka. If you wanted to become a Courier, you’d either need to run like the wind…or complete enough requests to guard yourself even against bandit attacks and assassins and so on. Taking on dangerous requests like that job with the Horns of Hammerad and the one to the High Passes is a good start.”
“Good. But is there any way for me to make a name for myself?”
Money. Earn money. Eighty gold pieces for Erin’s refrigerated cupboards? She and I will need a lot more, and if my two stupid ideas don’t work, I need a fallback plan. Running is honest work.
“Most of the City Runners do a short run from city-to-city around here. From Celers to Remendia, Ocre, Celum, and even down to Esthelm, but almost never to Liscor.”
“But the best Runners travel across the continent.”
