2.08
Page 0

I had at least eight blisters by the time I ran through the gates of Celum, nearly two days later. I blame myself, really. Running in ill-fitting boots is about the stupidest thing you can do to your feet—aside from running barefoot in the snow, that is.
Yep. That’s me. Ryoka Griffin, not-so-barefoot Runner. You’d think it wouldn’t matter, given the winter, but it does.
“Hoi, running girl! Too cold for your feet, eh?”
One of the human guards on the rampart shouts down at me as I run onto the cobblestones and into the city. Briefly, I debate flipping him off or shouting something back. Instead, I run on.
Bad temper? Who, me? I don’t have a bad temper. It’s not like I’ve just run and slept in the cold for the last few days, all the while being pestered by evil incarnate.
Speaking of which, I hear the guards at the gates laughing, and then cursing and shouting as my traveling companions arrive.
 
“Hark! A human city! Full of nasty iron and wood fires! Let’s freeze the place, sisters!”
 
…And there goes the peace. The Frost Faeries I’ve brought with me rush through the air above my head, bringing Winter with them.
Winter, in a literal sense. Apparently, around here the seasons don’t just change with the weather. In this case, it’s literally a phenomenon that follows these fairies as they fly around. Where they go, the temperature drops, it starts snowing, and the damn things can seemingly conjure avalanches out of the air whenever they please.
I want nothing to do with them, which is unfortunate seeing as how they keep following me. But now they’re busy tormenting the human guardsmen, freezing metal to skin, pelting them with snow and so on, I’m in the clear for the moment.
I can even take my boots off and let my feet breathe. It’s cold around here, but the faeries haven’t turned this place icy yet. They don’t move around methodically, so I found entire sections of land that were still green and flourishing on my run back. Too bad the Frost Faeries froze everything they saw.
To the Runner’s Guild then, almost less pleasant than the place I’m headed to after that. But it’s got to be done.
I push open the door, wincing as my blisters hit the wood floorboards. I need to pop them soon, but it’s not going to stop the pain. A healing potion? Would it even be worth the cost?
“Ryoka!”
The instant I’m through the doorway, someone shouts my name. Someone male. Fals. I see him striding towards me across the room, followed by none other than Garia.
Well, well, coincidence is a strange thing. But then, both Runners live and work in this area. I guess I should have expected to see them.
Fals strides towards me, dirty blonde haired, handsome, athletic. Garia’s type, which is why the shorter and stockier girl is right behind him. He’s smiling at me. I think my lips twitch in reply, but I manage a small smile for Garia.
But for once, Fals seems genuinely glad to see me, and not about to offer me sage advice. And to my surprise, even some of the other Runners are smiling. That’s…odd.
Fals and Garia stop in front of me, smiling. Fals has straight teeth, nearly white despite the lack of special toothpastes and dentists in this world.
“Ryoka, where have you been? We haven’t seen you in nearly a week!”
His cheerfulness bothers me. So I nod at him.
“Hey, you.”
Boom. His smile fades a fraction.
“I’m well. How are you…Ryoka?”
“Fine, thanks. How’s it going?”
Now comes the pause of uncertainty.
“You do remember my name, don’t you?”
“Of course I do. Fall, right?”
