2.08
Page 2
Fals makes a face and Garia looks dispirited. But that’s how it goes, right? The Gold-rank adventurers get rich and famous and everyone else below them gets screwed over in the adventuring world, according to Ceria. It’s like that everywhere, both here and in my world.  Erin’s and my world.
“If you’re looking for requests, I can show you a few high-priority ones.”
“Not really tempted at the moment. I need to rest. I’ve been running all day and I’ve got blisters.”
I show them both my poor feet. Garia looks appalled and Fals just looks interested. He’s seen worse feet, I’m sure.
“Painful. How’d you get those?”
“Boots.”
“You wear boots?”
Garia giggled at me. It sounds odd, coming from her. Girlish. Which makes sense. She is a girl, I just…didn’t expect it from her. I scowl at her.
“It was either that or frostbite. I wasn’t sure if healing potions could heal frostbite.”
“They can’t. Not well, anyways. But if you need better shoes…”
“I’ll go buy some afterwards. For now, I need some stuff from the guild.”
Fals spread his hands.
“I’m cooling down from a long delivery from Remendia. Need any help?”
“Thanks.”
He and I step to one side to let a snow-pelted Runner stagger in. She starts telling the other Runners about the Snow Sprites in the area as Garia follows us towards the receptionist’s desk.
“The first thing I need is a copy of the Guild’s rules. Do you have a book or something?”
Fals frowns.
“I think we do, but if you need to know something you can always ask the desk or me. Is something wrong?”
“I just need a copy of the rules. I’m not in trouble.”
But my tenuous plan hinges on something I remember one of the receptionists telling me when I first registered with the Guild. Fals shrugs and talks to the receptionist.
This one’s a young woman, perky, smiling at Fals and fake-smiling at me.
“Well, we do have a book, but it’s expensive. I’d have to charge you fifteen silver for it—”
She blinks as I slap down a gold piece on the counter.
“I’ll take it. Do you have enough to give me change?”
I actually have enough silver coins to pay for it, but I might as well exchange a few of the gold coins Teriarch gave me. Plus, she’s annoying.
As she fumbles for the coins Garia elbows me again. This time I glare at her, and she glares back. What? I’m being nice. Nice for me, that is.
“How are you doing, Garia?”
“I’m fine. The snow was sure something, wasn’t it? I saw the Frost Faeries on one of my runs. I nearly got covered in snow before I got to the city.”
“Mm. The faeries.”
Curse them. Those little monsters probably enjoyed harassing Garia. They’re like little bullies, only apparently practically invisible to everyone but Erin and me. I nod at Fals as he breaks away from the counter and tosses me a thin book.
“Thanks.”
“If you bring it back, we’ll reimburse you. But I hope it’s useful to you.”
I hope so too. But on to my next point of business. I move away from the counter with both Runners.
“Do you know where I can buy any artifacts?”
Artefacts? I’ve always thought the British way of spelling things was cooler. Fals shrugs and point back to the counter, where the receptionist is busy dealing with the half-frozen Runner.
“Artifacts? If you need magic, we do have some magical items on sale.”
“I’ve seen them.”
Crap they are, too. Runners around here don’t worry about monsters that much, so what the guild and shops mainly provide are healing potions, and one-time spells in the form of scrolls, bags*, and wands.
 
