2.08
Page 1
Hah! That flummoxed him. But Garia frowns at me. And I realize—perhaps it’s not best to enter jerk-mode the instant I come back. Oops.
“She’s just having fun, right Ryoka?”
Garia elbows me in the stomach. Oof. I forgot she was that strong.
“I’m sure Ryoka remembers me.”
Fals pats Garia on the shoulder, and she blushes. I sigh.
“Of course. Fals. I’m surprised you lot are happy to see me, though.”
He shrugs.
“Why? That business with Magnolia was ages ago, and besides, you are our fastest Runner. One of the best, too! We could use you here, now more than ever.”
Okay, if he wants to be buddy-buddy, I won’t stop him. I give Fals one of those half-smiles with more teeth than smile.
“Really? Business is good?”
He made a face.
“Business—our business—is slow, thanks to winter coming so quickly. Right now all the roads are frozen over so carts and wagons are going slow rather than break their horse’s legs. Until they get sharp shod, no one’s getting anything delivered fast.”
Sharp shod? What the hell is that? Must be some way to travel on ice.
“Sounds like it’s good for Runners.”
“You’d think so, but us City Runners are having a hard time in the snow as well. We’re overloaded with requests and no one wants to be outside for too long.”
Garia nods and shivers. Her attire—and Fals’ is different. They’ve got wool and warm clothes on, which I envy. Me? I need to buy warmer gear asap.
“Sounds like I arrived just in time.”
“It’s good to have you back, Ryoka.”
I smile at Garia. And then I lose that smile when I realize she doesn’t know about the Horns of Hammerad. Fals notices that, and changes the subject. He’s…considerate. Huh.
“Well now that you’re back, how many requests would you like to take on?”
“How many do you have?”
Garia elbows me again. Ow! That was a joke. But maybe she thought I was being sarcastic. I eye Garia’s elbow and decide to stop joking around.
“I’m looking for the highest paying jobs. Fast deliveries, adventurers in the field—”
“Dangerous requests.”
“Pretty much.”
“Well, there’s never that many requests for us Runners. Adventurers don’t like us—”
They don’t like most Runners, and for good reason. Don’t say it out loud though, Ryoka.
“—But there are some long-distance contracts I think no one will fight you over. You’re best-suited for them, anyways. Plus, there’s always good coin to be made now that a Courier is heading this way.”
“A Courier?”
That is big news. I’ve heard of the special Runners who go long-distance. One of them was supposed to take the High Passes request. Fals nods at me and lowers his voice.
“Word is, there’s a special request that’s highest-priority. It’s coming all the way from First Landing and a Courier’s delivering it.”
“Whose word?”
He smiles at me and shrugs imperceptibly at the receptionist’s desk. Of course. Fals would know, since he gets along well with the staff. I suppose he’s sharing the information with me and Garia because…?
Well, a Courier, huh? But what was the place he mentioned?
“I’m not familiar with the place. Where’s First Landing?”
Now Fals and Garia both frown at me. Damn. I’ve made a mistake. He raises an eyebrow.
“The largest city on this side of the continent? The port city?”
“Right. First Landing. Of course.”
I should have read a book on local cities, but no one’s writing almanacs or travelers guides for this continent, or at least none that I’ve found. Play it off. I shrug casually as if I’ve forgotten.
“I wonder how much they’re getting paid.”
“More than we make in a month, I’ll bet.”
