2.08
Page 5
I nearly said ‘real’ Runners, but bit my tongue just in time. I’ve never run that far, and Garia is a Runner too, in her own way.
Fals nods.
“It’s about trade and the nobility. And the ruins, too, I suppose. All of the really powerful nobles and the Five Families live closer to the north. And a lot of the really important adventuring areas are north too, so there’s more business there. And the trade happens at our port cities, so…”
“Which one’s the biggest?”
“First Landing. If you want to see our biggest city, you have to go all the way north until you reach the ocean.”
Garia jumps in. I suppose she wants to impress Fals. Or help me.
“There’s a famous dungeon up there, too. One of the magic ones that keeps spewing monsters and treasure.”
Magic dungeons? Like the Ruins? Or…magic? What difference does magic make? I guess I’ll find out.
“Okay, so let’s assume I take a request to go up there. How much would that pay? Are any available?”
Fals shakes his head at me. What have I said this time?
“Ryoka, if there were any requests from here, they’d be Courier-only. Besides, most people set their requests so one Runner takes it to a city along the way, and the next Runner takes it further and so on. You’re not going to find much work that way—”
Thump.
Fals breaks off and frowns. I turn my head, and Garia blink and points at one of the windows in the Guild.
“Hey, what’s that?”
Heads turn as something bumps against a window pane. I take one look and cover my eyes. Fals squints and looks at Garia.
“I can’t make it out. Is that—?”
“Frost Sprite!”
Half the Runners in the room groan or mutter. One of the Runners who was about to leave takes his hand off the door handle as the small, naked faerie* taps against the glass and leers into the room.
 
*Don’t get excited. There’s nothing to really look at, since the faeries don’t have any real features down there. Or maybe they’re just wearing skin-tight clothing? Either way, anyone who’d be interested in faeries is sick…or Gargamel. Mind you, I’d be rooting for him against the Frost Faeries.
 
“Oh no. Why is one of them interested in this place?”
“I’m not leaving if those things are hovering about. My request can wait.”
Garia stares at the window and exclaims as a second faerie joins the first.
“Look, there are more of them! It’s a swarm!”
Fals looks sick. He sighs and shakes his head.
“Worse luck. I don’t know if you have many of the sprites where you come from, Ryoka, but my advice is to stay clear of them if you don’t want another broken bone.”
Okay. Is it painful admission time or do I feign ignorance?
“I’ve…seen them before. They might be following me.”
Fals and Garia give me a look as if I’m crazy. But then Garia nods.
“That could be. Um, it might be because you…look different, Ryoka. The sprites like anything unusual.”
“Really?”
I guess Fals is only an expert on things that pertain to running. Garia nods though, and tries not to stammer as Fals and I stare at her.
“Um—well, as a child I liked them even if they did play awful pranks. Back at my farm—well, we had a dog that had a wonderfully black coat…but the fur around his head was white. He was interesting to look at, and every year the sprites would play tricks on him until they got bored. We had to lock him up in the house to keep him safe.”
She looks at me and blushes.
“Not that I think you’re like a dog, Ryoka. I just—”
“I get it.”
Great. The Frost Faeries are interested in the one girl with Asian heritage, and probably also because I can see or hear them. Wonderful.
