2.09
Page 11
Selys and Erin spent another hour talking lightly to Olesm and Ceria, and Erin even played one game with Olesm, winning handily, before they left. The last stop Erin knew she had to make was back to Krshia. To pay for the clothes, for one thing.
But she had an unpleasant surprise when she visited the Gnoll. Krshia still had everything Erin need in stock, but the Gnoll told Erin it would cost half against as much as it had last time Erin had visited.
“Food is far more expensive now. I will give you my best, but it will cost much more. And I cannot deliver it anymore. I am sorry.”
“What? Why?”
“My Street Runner, he is busy, yes?”
Krshia explained as she began packing items into a bag for Erin to carry.
“My Runner, he does many deliveries in the city now and elsewhere. Many were hurt and killed when the undead attacked. He has much to do and cannot make the trip through the snow to your inn. Not without charging more money.”
Selys nodded.
“Normally we’d be finished preparing for winter by now, but what with the attack and repairs, we’re shorttailed. Besides, winter never comes when you’re expecting it. Everyone’s really busy.”
Well, that meant Erin had to carry her goods from now on. She looked glumly at the massive shopping bag Krshia was preparing and imagined a trip back through the snow.
“Well, if that’s how it’s gotta be…”
“Mm. Again I am sorry. But do you have anything else to add?”
Erin blinked. She suddenly remembered one of the things she’d planned to get while in the city.
“Oh yeah. I’m looking for some special stuff while I’m here. Ground beef! I want a lot of it, and some cheese. Ooh, and some mustard! And bread. I need sliced bread, or buns. That’s even better. And tomatoes, vinegar, and um, eggs. I’ll take a lemon or two as well if you’ve got any.”
Krshia didn’t have any lemons, but she did have everything else. It was expensive—but the Gnoll told Erin she was lucky that the winter had just started.
“By the end of the season, such things will be too expensive for you and me, yes?”
“I’m just glad I still have money to pay for it. Business is slow and I need to make something amazing!”
Erin nodded to herself as Krshia finished packing the last of her additions into her bag. Erin reached for one strap, hefted the bag—
And felt all her confidence drain away.
“Hey! This is really heavy!”
“I am sorry, but you ordered much. Perhaps you should leave some and make two trips?”
Erin tried to imagine going back and forth twice in the snow and shuddered.
“I really don’t like that idea. Isn’t there another way? A sled, maybe?”
“Hey, I’ll carry it if it means I get fed.”
Erin turned. Relc was standing behind her, smiling down at her. And by his side was a familiar face, but one Erin wasn’t used to seeing again.
“Klbkch! Relc! What are you two doing?”
“Guarding, mostly. But we came by to see you. I’ve got a message for you, and Klb is just bored.”
The Antinium nodded politely to Selys and Krshia before turning to Erin.
“Good evening, Erin. I hope you are recovered from events a few days ago?”
“What? Oh yeah, I am. You’re okay, right Klbkch? Gazi cut you up bad.”
“I have fully recovered, thank you.”
“And me! I’m better too, thanks for asking!”
Relc interjected, puffing out his chest and showing Erin and the others a few new scars on his chest and arms. He looked at Selys as he smoothed the spines on his neck, but she only sighed and rolled her eyes.
It was good to see both were well, even if it was odd to see Relc so friendly. Erin remembered how he’d been before Klbkch had returned, but she put it out of her mind.
