2.09
Page 9
“My [Intuition] skill tells me that this is so. I’ve never known it to be wrong. Prepare your inn well, and perhaps you might level up a bit young Erin. Ah, well. Best of luck on your little endeavor!”
 
—-
 
They were several streets away from the inn when Erin finally decided to break the silence.
“Um, thanks for letting me visit the inn, Selys. It was really helpful.”
Selys looked at Erin out of the corner of her eyes and then burst out.
“You’re not mad? I’m so sorry about Peslas, Erin. I didn’t know he’d be so rude!”
“He wasn’t so bad. I’m sorry too—that I was rude to him at the end, I mean. I know he’s your friend.”
Selys made a face as they walked along.
“Erin, he’s not my friend. I barely know him. He’s an acquaintance of my grandmother, that’s all. I barely talk to him every other month. Besides, he married a girl who’s nearly as young as I am!”
Erin tried to imagine that and thankfully failed. Selys scowled as she walked along, her tail twitching in irritation.
“Anyways, he’s a jerk. I’m glad he hasn’t earned more than one or two levels even after his inn became the biggest in the city.”
“Really? But his inn’s so busy.”
“Yeah. Isn’t it strange? I guess there’s some other reason why he’s not leveling, but it doesn’t really matter. Peslas is rich, and that’s all he cares about. He doesn’t need any more levels.”
“I guess. It’s just that his inn was nice. I just thought it was odd he didn’t have any Gnoll customers.”
Selys hesitated.
“They don’t—come here that often. It’s not that he wouldn’t serve them, it’s just that they don’t ever really go outside their parts of the city.”
“I see.”
“Humans go wherever, but your kind don’t really live in the city.”
“Right.”
Erin was still thinking. She was thinking about her inn and she understood what Peslas had meant about location. She thought he was wrong, but she got it. She and Selys walked on again, out of the Drake residential district. At last, Selys broke the silence.
“Anyways, I’m sorry he was like that. He’s not rude to me. But you’re another [Innkeeper] and…Human.”
“It’s no problem.”
From there the conversation lightened. Erin and Selys were smiling again by the time they reached guard barracks.
It had been a huge surprise to Erin to learn that Liscor did not in fact have a hospital. Selys hadn’t even known what she’d meant when Erin described the building and its function.
In Liscor, people either healed up in their homes and hired a [Healer] to visit with herbs and potions, went out to get cured, or relied on organizations they belonged to. The Adventurer’s Guild had several beds for wounded or homeless warriors for instance, and the Watch had the same.
So that was where Erin and Selys found Ceria and Olesm, resting up in a secluded part of the building. The half-Elf and Drake weren’t strictly under guard, but neither were they free to run around. But they weren’t in trouble, either.
“We can’t really be blamed for the entire ordeal. The city knew we were going in, and besides, we lost almost everyone in the attack.”
Ceria explained the situation to Erin as she accepted a cut and peeled apple from the young woman. She was resting in one of the beds while the other three sat around her. Ceria was still quite thin and paler than normal, but Erin was happy to see she looked a lot better than she had.
“We fought, rather than just run away. That helps. And there’s also the fact that all the treasure—such as it is—was taken by the city. That’s enough of a fine.”
“And I told them that Ceria and the others shouldn’t be blamed.”
