2.09
Page 4
Selys sighed exasperatedly.
“I know, I know. But you of all people should know him. He’s one of your kind, a human, I mean. And even we know of the King of Destruction.”
“He’s bad news, huh?”
Ryoka hadn’t said much about Flos to Erin, only that he was some king who ruled a huge amount of land before he disappeared suddenly.
“More than that, Erin. He conquered nearly all of Chandrar and his armies were crossing the sea and landing on our southern shores before he vanished.”
“Wow. That’s pretty scary. But…I mean, why is he so famous? He never got far into this continent, right?”
“It’s not that. It’s that he managed to cross the sea and bring an invasion all the way here!”
Erin waited, but that was it.
“Okay, so he got across the sea. So what?”
“Erin! Do you know how hard it is to cross the sea with an army? Wars on one continent are one thing, but someone actually being able to cross the thousands of miles to another continent is unheard of! I mean, no one’s ever done it and actually managed to get an army across in one piece!”
“But it’s only a sea, not an ocean, right?”
Selys looked at Erin blankly.
“Is there a difference?”
“I think so. A sea is like the water next to land, while the ocean is…not. Plus, oceans are bigger.”
“Okay. So it’s an ocean. The point is that he did it. And now he’s back!”
That did seem serious. Erin made all the appropriate noises of concern while a thought clanged around in her mind.
“So the King of Destruction might be coming here, and that’s bad.”
“Very bad. Although…”
Selys hesitated.
“I don’t know that the council will do anything about it. Or the army, really.”
“Why?”
“Well, he’s so far away. What would we do? All the kingdoms and lands he conquered don’t obey him anymore. Chandrar will probably join together to fight him, so we don’t have to do anything.”
“So there’s nothing really bad happening?”
“No. Yes! I don’t know, it’s just really big, that’s all.”
Erin nodded.
“I get it. Oh, and by the way, I got the [Warrior] class yesterday.”
“Really? That’s great news, Erin!”
Selys’s face lit up and she smiled at Erin, worries over a distant king forgotten.
“What level are you?”
“Just Level 2. But I was wondering why I got the class now. I mean, I’ve fought a lot of things before. Why did I get it for going into the ruins?”
Selys frowned and thought.
“This is the first time you went looking for a fight, wasn’t it? I mean, you went exploring before, but you never really went out knowing you were going to kill something.”
“That’s the difference?”
“It’s all about purpose. I mean, I cook food for myself but I still haven’t gotten the [Cook] class. But if I tried to make that my hobby or job, I’d probably get the class right away.”
“And you’re a [Warrior] now as well, aren’t you?”
Selys nodded proudly.
“Level 4.”
“Does that mean you’re going to buy a sword and start killing monsters?”
Erin couldn’t see her friend doing that, but she supposed anything was possible?
“What? No! It’s just nice having another class. I mean, don’t get me wrong. I’m not looking to become an adventurer or anything.”
Selys raised one hand and laughed.
“I had training with a sword when I was young, but I stopped. If I’d continued…maybe I’d be around Level 12 by now. But now…how many years would it take to reach Level 20? Probably at least a decade. Only someone like that Ceria has the time to level more than one class.”
“Really? That long?”
“Of course. I mean, if I were a soldier fighting on the front lines maybe it would only take a year or two, but I don’t fancy risking my life.”
