2.09
Page 10
Olesm sat on the stool, nodding furiously as he crossed his arms. He was more active than Ceria, although he too looked thinner and paler than normal. He gestured in the direction of the rest of the building.
“I told Zevara that, and she was very understanding. I think the adventurers will be let off without any charges. But um, they might not get their equipment back.”
“As if we could use it. The few that survived are either still wounded or don’t ever want to pick up a sword again. I went to see Yvlon and she’s barely responsive. As for me—”
Ceria shifted in her seat, lifting her other hand as she chewed at the apple. Erin and Selys both froze up a bit as the yellow bone and blackened skin of Ceria’s spell-damaged arm appeared. The mage grinned crookedly.
“I’m not going adventuring anytime soon. My good hand’s ruined and even if I do decide to adventure, I have no wand or spell books. Rot, I don’t even have any gold to my name. I dropped it all in the Ruins.”
Erin exchanged a look with Selys. She looked at Ceria, trying not to make it seem like she was staring at the skeletal hand.
“But you’re okay? You’re feeling fine except for the…”
Ceria shook her head and gestured to the limp bones.
“I’ll be fine. My hand is a small price to pay for my life. If I could have traded it for the others—”
She broke off, and everyone was silent for a minute. Erin’s eyes still stung at the mention of the others. Gerial. Sostrom. Calruz.
Olesm was the first to break the silence. He gestured at his own bed, on the other side of the large room from Ceria. The Watch didn’t have enough rooms to give the two privacy. That had scandalized Selys until Ceria pointed out that she and Olesm had had plenty of time to get to know each other in less-hospitable beds.
“I can’t wait to get better. I’d leave right away, but Captain Zevara insists I take it easy.”
He grinned at Erin.
“Then maybe I can visit your inn and play a few games of chess with you. We could play now, if you’d like…?”
Erin ignored the hopeful look in the Drake’s eye and shook her head.
“That would be nice, but I need a better hook.”
“A what?”
Selys frowned at her friend.
“Oh come on, Erin. You can’t listen to what Peslas said.”
“But he’s right. Chess doesn’t earn money, especially because none of the Workers are coming back to the inn. Not that there’s…many…left.”
Another silence fell over the small group. At last, Ceria cleared her throat.
“Well, I’m certain the lovely Watch Captain will kick me out of here sooner or later. When that time comes I’ll probably be looking for a place to stay. Erin, would you mind if I went to your inn? I don’t have any coin, but I’ll pay you back as soon as I earn some.”
“What? No!”
Olesm and Selys’ tails froze up as Erin looked indignant.
“I’m not going to ask you to pay. You can stay in my inn for free! As long as you like!”
Ceria smiled and shook her head at Erin.
“That’s very kind, but I know you’re in need of money too. I wouldn’t want to impose.”
“No, I insist. You’re Ryoka’s friend too, and I’m sure she’d want that. Besides, you can earn your keep! Can you cook?”
“Nothing you’d like and not with the ingredients from around here, I’m afraid.”
“Well—well, that’s fine. You can do magic. I’m sure I could find a job for you that would really help. Yeah. I could…hire you as a barmaid?”
“Not a good idea. I’m not the bar-serving type and I don’t do well with…males. Besides, what could a one-handed barmaid do?”
“Well, either way, I’ll let you stay as long as you like. Money doesn’t matter more than friends, after all.”
“Thank you. I appreciate it.”
 
—-
 
