2.09
Page 5
That was odd. Erin was leveling up a lot faster than Selys was describing. Why was that? She started to ask Selys, and then remembered what Ryoka had said about discretion. She closed her mouth. Then she opened it again, deliberately.
“I got to Level 18 in my [Innkeeper] class after the undead attacked.”
Selys had been taking a sip from a glass of water she’d poured herself. Disappointingly, she didn’t spray it all over Erin, but she did choke and spill the water on the desk. Erin swept the paperwork and inkpot out of the way before they got drenched.
“What? Seriously, Erin?”
“Very seriously. Do you know why I’m leveling up so fast?”
Selys had to frown as she mopped distractedly at the spilled water with a cloth.
“It must be all the things you’ve done. I’ve never heard of an innkeeper fighting off an undead attack, or—or starting and running an inn by herself.”
“So it’s doing hard stuff that makes us level faster? Adversity?”
Selys had to raise her shoulders and tail helplessly.
“I don’t know. I’m sorry, Erin. I know how my class works. The more people I serve, the better a job I do at keeping people happy and sending adventurers on requests, the faster I’ll level. But this guild is so small I’ll never get past Level 20 before I retire. You’d have to ask other innkeepers how they level.”
“Oh. But I don’t know any other innkeepers.”
Erin saw Selys tap her lips with one claw. The Drake glanced around the mostly empty guild and then seemed to come to a decision. She nodded at Erin.
“My shift is over soon. If you want to wait with me until then, I’ll introduce you to a good one.”
 
—-
 
Erin walked with Selys down the streets of Liscor, staring around at the unfamiliar sights.
“That’s it. I have no idea where we are.”
She was in a different part of the city, where Drakes were the main foot traffic on the ground and the shops and buildings seemed to cater more to their kind. And she had no idea where she was.
“I never knew Liscor was so…so big! And I’ve never seen this place!”
Selys laughed at Erin for that.
“Erin! You never go anywhere except the Market district and to visit me!”
That was true. Erin blushed as she and Selys walked slowly through the streets, her friend pointing out places she liked to visit.
“It’s not that I don’t like new places, but the first time I came here…”
Erin remembered getting horribly lost and annoying everyone around her. She’d stepped into more than one building to be chased out when she realized it was someone else’s home. Besides, back then she’d felt definitely unwelcome.
But now with Selys at her side Erin felt comfortable, if not welcomed in this part of the city. Some Drakes knew Selys by name and no one was throwing stuff at Erin. It was a good start.
“So who are we visiting? And where are we going?”
Selys pointed down the street.
“We’re heading towards the north side. There’s a good inn there – the Tailless Thief. It’s the most famous—and expensive—inn in the city. The innkeeper’s the one I want you to meet, though.”
Erin felt at her belt pouch.
“I uh, didn’t bring that much money with me.”
“Oh don’t worry. I know the innkeeper we’re going to meet, and you’re new. We’ll get at least one free drink and probably a hot meal.”
“Really?”
“Sure. Peslas is generous. Just let me say hello first.”
Peslas turned out to be the biggest Drake Erin had ever met, with the possible exception of Relc. But where Relc had huge shoulders and massive arms, Peslas was just…huge.
