2.09
Page 3
“It’s not a threat the Watch wants to deal with, and it’s not that dangerous. Well—not dangerous enough to make any of the guardsmen wade in that muck. So they put out a contract. Hired the adventurers.”
Selys waved a hand at the unhappy group of warriors.
“It pays well, but no one’s happy about it.”
Erin didn’t even know that Liscor had sewers. She said as much to Selys.
“Oh, it’s just a place to put all the horrible stuff. We can’t just toss it outside the city, and all those people living together creates a lot of—”
Selys hesitated.
“—Stuff. So we dump it underground and let it flow away. The Antinium dug the tunnels, but they’re not obligated to clean it or get rid of the monsters.”
“I wish I had sewers. All I have is an outhouse and now that I’m out of acid, Toren’s going to have to start cleaning it by hand. Or shovel. I need to buy a shovel.”
“Yeah, I heard about your inn. It got covered in snow, right?”
“Who told you that?”
“Your mage friend.”
“Ceria?”
“No. The other one.”
“Pisces isn’t my friend.”
“Good!”
Erin laughed and Selys grinned. But then she made a face.
“He came into the city covered in snow. He tried to get me to let him stay in the guild until I chased him out. He kept saying there was an avalanche. In the middle of the plains?”
Erin’s happy expression changed into a scowl.
“There was. Thanks to those evil faeries.”
Selys looked puzzled.
“The what? Oh, you mean those things. The sprites. What happened?”
“I—”
Erin paused. She remembered that Pisces said no one could see or hear the faeries.
“I uh, made them mad somehow. And they caused an avalanche and nearly buried me in my inn!”
Selys looked sympathetic.
“Nasty. You should stay away from them.”
Erin groaned.
“That’s what people keep telling me. But they’re so pretty.”
“Pretty?”
“Um. Never mind.”
Selys shook her head at her strange friend.
“They don’t go indoors so you’re safe. Just try to avoid making them mad, okay? They don’t usually bother people unless you’re someone like Relc.”
“Why? What about Relc?”
“You don’t know? Every winter the sprites follow him around for a week and cause trouble. Snow falls off roofs, he slips on ice…one time a chimney broke and fell on his head!”
“Why? I mean, is it because of the faeries?”
“Yep. He hates them. Every time he sees them he throws stuff at them or tries to grab one. They always freeze his hands off, though.”
Erin frowned. The faeries were jerks, but Relc was huge.
“He should just leave them alone.”
“He did, but they keep bothering him either way.”
For a while the two kept talking about Relc and the various ways the faeries like to cause mischief. Erin got the impression the Frost Faeries were regarded as a force of nature, rather than actual creatures by the people of Liscor.
“They’re not a threat. Well, they can cause a lot of damage if you bother them, but they’re not worse than a flood or a lone Goblin. It’s rare to hear of someone getting attacked like you were. Besides Relc of course.”
Selys paused. It was a slow day at the guild, or all the adventurers were still fighting rats underground. She looked at Erin suddenly, and asked a question that had clearly been on her mind for a while.
“Erin. Is it true what people are saying? Has the King of Destruction really awoken?”
“What?”
“It’s just something I heard Krshia saying when she got back from the city. You know, after you rescued that Ceria and Olesm. She said the other human—”
“Ryoka.”
“—Yes, her. She said the other human said he was back.”
“That’s what I heard too. But I don’t know who that is.”
“Really? Erin…”
“I’m sorry! It’s just—”
