2.09
Page 8
“That was years ago. Back before the Necromancer—well, we got a lot more visitors from the south. People weren’t afraid to cross the Blood Fields back then, and there were more than a few villages. A small one grew up around that inn, thanks to the human who ran it. But it was all destroyed.”
“Why? What happened?”
For a moment Peslas’s broad face grew serious as he looked at Erin.
“The undead happened. They forced everyone to flee the area. When the human did come back, he never really got the inn running again. No one visited and one day he just stopped coming into the city. I warned him. The fool.”
Erin remembered the skeleton in the upstairs room. Peslas laughed, and she looked at him.
“I think he was brave.”
He shook his head at her, chuckling.
“Stupid, yes. Brave? Maybe, but bravery doesn’t sell drinks.”
“But he did his best. Anyways, he started his inn from scratch.”
“You need more than your best. You need something special. That’s what you need to learn, young—Erin, was it? You need a hook.”
Peslas gestured around his inn.
“My inn’s known for being the best around. Best service, best food—best beds and best drinks as well! What do you have to offer people to make them come all the way to visit you?”
Erin shrugged. She wasn’t sure she agreed with everything Peslas had said about his inn. It was good, but if it only served Drakes, how good could it be?
“I play chess. I’m not the best at it, but I’m pretty good.”
This time Peslas’s laughter echoed even to the furthest corners of the room.
“Chess! There’s something interesting! You play, do you? Would you wager on a game? A few gold coins? Silver? I’d bet two coins to your one. Whatever you like!”
Selys frowned at Peslas, but the larger Drake didn’t seem to notice. For Erin’s part, she remained calm.
“Oh, if you wanted to make a bet, I’d bet everything I had. Ten gold coins? Fifty? Your inn? Want to take me up on it?”
For a moment Peslas blinked. Selys cut in, smiling at the innkeeper.
“Haven’t you heard? Erin beat Olesm in a game of chess the first time she met him. She’s never lost a game to him, and he plays her almost every day.”
That caused a ripple among the Drakes who were listening to their conversation. But Peslas just laughed again, and waggled his tail in the air.
“Spirit! Humans are full of it. Just like I said to the last innkeeper. What was his name again…?”
He flicked his tail dismissively. Erin stared at Peslas, not smiling. He was rude, or maybe just drunk. She would have offered to play him a game anyways – perhaps with a handicap like being blindfolded – when she felt something touch her foot. Erin nearly freaked out until she realized it was Selys’ tail.
The young Drake smiled at Peslas as the larger Drake finished laughing again and making a joke to his friends about humans looking alike.
“It was nice to see you again, but Erin and I have to visit some of our friends. Thank you for letting us watch you at work though.”
“Of course. Give my regards to your grandmother, will you?”
Peslas got up and showed both Selys and Erin to the door. As Selys had said, he made no mention of the bill, but he did stop Erin at the door.
“My inn is always open to other [Innkeepers]. Come by if you’re ever bored and have a drink with me! But I think even your far-off inn will be getting business soon enough, Erin.”
“Oh? Really?”
He nodded sagely, tapping the side of his nose—or was it snout?—with a claw.
