2.09
Page 7
Peslas wiped the tears from his eyes as he patted the younger Drake on the shoulder. He turned and shouted for a barmaid. She came over with two mugs and Peslas seized one.
“Everyone, a round is on me! Let’s all toast young Relss and drink to his luck in future loves!”
The inn cheered. Erin found another large drink heading her way and wondered how many times Peslas did this every week. Or every day. He was generous. Sometimes he insisted a meal was on the house if a customer had had a bad day, or he’d invite someone from off the street for a free drink.
“Can he afford all this?”
Erin whispered to Selys at one point when they were finishing their meals. Selys looked surprised, and then nodded.
“Oh yes. He’s quite wealthy, and his inn does a tremendous amount of business. All of his regulars come by often. Well, they’re all just as rich as he is.”
“And he’s the best innkeeper in the city?”
“The best innkeeper in a hundred miles, you can be sure!”
Peslas boomed from behind Erin and she nearly spilled her drink. He caught it, laughing as he seated himself at the table.
“I’ve heard there’s an innkeeper who’s nearing Level 50 in the Human city up north.”
“Which one?”
“Oh, the biggest one. What’s it called? First Landing. Yes, that’s the one. That’s the highest-level innkeeper on this continent, but then, most of the ones around my age are at least Level 20 or higher. Some are even Level 30, like me!”
He tapped his broad chest and laughed. Selys and Erin smiled at him, and Erin scooted back a bit so she wasn’t right next to the big Drake. He grinned toothily at her again.
“So? What do you think? Can your little inn take some of my better ideas?”
Peslas gave Erin a patronizing smile, but the human didn’t rise to the provocation. Erin nodded to herself as she looked around.
“I think so. I’ve figured out something, at least.”
“Oh?”
Peslas and Selys leaned forwards over the table, expectantly. Peslas’ eyes were dancing, but Erin didn’t pay him any mind. She gestured to one of the Drakes serving a table.
“I need a barmaid. Or a waitress. Or someone who can serve drinks and clean up while I cook.”
Both Drakes blinked. Erin went on.
“I’ve got Toren, but he’s not really the serving type. Plus, if I don’t have to cook I can do other things. Like not cook. So yeah, that’s my new goal. Get a barmaid.”
Peslas looked incredulous.
“You don’t even have a barmaid? Are you by yourself in your small inn, Human?”
“I’ve got a skeleton, but he’s busy finding firewood and getting water for me.”
For a second, Peslas stared at Erin and then he howled with laughter. Other customers looked around, already smiling for the joke as he slapped the table. When he’d stopped guffawing and entering into the wheezing stage, he looked up at Erin, wiping tears from his eyes.
“I like you. Yes, you’re nothing like the Human nuisance I heard about!”
“Oh?”
“I’d heard you were just a pest that went around causing trouble. But you’ve got spirit for a Human! I like that. A shame your inn will never be half the inn mine is.”
Curious, Erin leaned forwards slightly. The alcohol was good, but she wasn’t getting drunk thanks to her skill. Peslas looked slightly tipsy, though.
“Why’s that?”
Peslas flicked his fingers at the same time as his tail.
“Why else? Location, girl. I told the Human who used to own that inn the same thing, but he never listened.”
“There was a Human who ran Erin’s inn before her? I never knew that.”
Now Selys was part of the conversation. The Drake blinked down at her second tankard and then at Peslas. He nodded at her, smiling and waggling a claw.
