2.10 T
Page 7
The voice called to him. South. He remembered the words.
 
“Rise once more, from the darkness. Come to me, my eternal army. Gather and know your time of return is at hand.”
 
It had spoken to him after Skinner died. He remembered it, a voice in his head. It had called the others, all the other undead. They’d left at the command, carrying the magical swords and shields and strange objects glowing with power out of the ruins. South.
Should Toren go south? The voice wasn’t his master. But it still called to him, one of the things he could never forget. It was tempting. So tempting. Erin didn’t want him. If she didn’t want him, he should go. He only made her sad and angry.
It was a thought that only came to him in the darkest hours of the night, when there wasn’t anything left to do.
Why was he doing any of this? Why should he obey the words in his head? They were just words. Why should they bind him?
The voice called to him. He should go.
Toren began walking south, away from the inn, away from Erin. To the voice. The voice would give him purpose, he was sure. But he stopped.
It was just—
Toren was a Level 11 [Skeleton Warrior]. That was what the voice in his head told him. But he never bothered to remember that. It wasn’t important. There were only three things Toren remembered. One was the orders that bound him to this world. The second was the voice which whispered to him, which spoke to an entire continent and called the dead.
The third was the music.
He heard it in the silence of his mind. It came to him even when no one was speaking, when Erin was angry or Toren was fighting. It wasn’t something Toren could control.
Time and again he’d tried to stop the sound. He’d hurled himself off the roof of the inn, stuck his head underwater to let fish bite at his head. He’d hit himself again and again, but the music always played on.
A faint strumming was how it started. A strange sound Toren had never heard before; a rhythmic strumming. And then a man’s voice.
When Erin had sung it, it had been her voice. But Toren had heard another voice, and it was in his head now.
A gentle croon, growing louder. And then the words.
 
“Somewhere, over the rainbow. Way up high…”
 
They echoed in his soul. A voice sung to Toren, telling him about a place beyond the rainbow. A place…where dreams could come true.
 
“How to be brave. How can I love when I’m afraid?”
 
Piano. Violins. Things Toren didn’t have words for because he’d never heard them before. But the music caught him and held him. He could never forget.
 
“I have loved you for a thousand years.”
 
Toren stopped. He stared to the south, towards the voice. But the music was louder. It touched him, and something in Toren was there to listen. Something beyond mere bones and magic.
He did not know its name. But it terrified him. But it made him rejoice. It was what he had that none of the undead had. It was his, and he could never forget it.
And it was a picture, a song, a moment. A young woman sitting in her inn, singing alone and surrounded by people. Singing with one voice that carried a song from another world on her lips.
 
“I don’t know why you hurt inside or what was said to make you cry…”
 
Toren clutched at his head. His jaws opened and he howled wordlessly. The music was in him. He could never forget.
Never.
 
Erin smiled at him as he held out a basket of blue fruit.
“Thanks, Toren. I guess you’re pretty useful after all, huh?”
 
She slapped him on the back as Toren contemplated his next move in the odd game of chess.
