2.11
Page 1
He waved at Erin’s inn and lowered his voice, although both Erin and Klbkch could clearly hear him.
“What’s she going to do? I don’t think a hammer and a few nails are going to fix that, do you?”
Silently, Erin agreed with Relc. Her inn was busted. What could she do? It was exactly like before. She couldn’t do anything.
It was so unfair. Why did this happen to her? Why—
“Oh no! Erin!”
Erin heard the voice a second before Selys nearly tackled her to the ground. The female Drake threw her arms around Erin as Ceria and Olesm appeared on the hilltop as well, looking winded. Selys stared at Erin’s inn and then at Erin.
“Are you hurt? Oh no, your inn! What happened?”
Ceria and Olesm stared at the destruction in shock as Erin muttered a few words and Relc loudly related the events.
“And then that stupid skeleton she has—Tors or something—must have put it on the fire. The tree explodes, and there goes her inn. Boom!”
“I don’t believe it.”
Selys kept saying that as she hugged Erin. Ceria looked gaunt and tired as she shook her head. Only Olesm seemed determined to remain optimistic. The Drake peered at a splintered board and stared around.
“Can this be fixed?”
“What? Are you crazy?”
Relc laughed at him. He gestured to the wrecked face of the inn.
“There’s no way she’s going to get that patched up by herself. You’d need a team of carpenters and a small forest, and neither of those is cheap, even if it weren’t winter! It’s over. The inn’s toast. History. Total dest—”
Ceria turned and kicked Relc hard in the stomach. He didn’t budge, but he narrowed his eyes at her.
“That hurt.”
With her good hand, Ceria flicked a sliver of ice towards Relc’s nose. The Drake leaned back inhumanly fast, but the shard missed anyways.
“Shut up.”
“Hey, I’m just—”
Relc dodged another shard of ice, this one larger and aimed closer to his head. He retreated, muttering insults.
Erin didn’t listen or see Olesm and Klbkch talking, or hear Selys assuring her that she could stay at Selys’ apartment or with Krshia. She just thought.
It was always the same. Always. Not in the same way, but the feeling was the same. And it was a sad thing, but Erin was used to the sensation. She was used to things like this.
“I’ve done this before.”
Relc stared at Erin.
“You’ve blown up your inn before?”
“No. But this—”
Erin couldn’t describe it. It was so familiar. Why? It was a pattern in her life.
Something bad happens. Get sad. Nearly die. That’s how it went.
But there was another level to that. Why did it always have to be bad? It was unfair? So why did it have to happen that way?
Erin was an expert at having bad things happen to her. So why couldn’t she turn a bad thing into a good thing? Or at least a not-so-bad thing?
She stared at her inn. Okay, now how did the script go? She’d stare at her broken inn, cry a bit, maybe freeze to death as she nearly fixed it, and then—probably the Frost Fairies would decide to bury the entire thing with her inside.
That was how the story went. But could Erin change the story?
“Can it be fixed?”
“No! It’s hopeless! Let’s go back to the city! I’m freezing!”
Erin ignored Relc as Klbkch looked over at her. He walked over with Olesm and Erin stood up. Ceria and Selys joined the circle while Relc edged closer and received cold stares from almost everyone else.
Klbkch nodded at Erin’s inn.
“I have already contacted my Hive. Some Workers will be here shortly to assess the damage. It may be that this can be repaired.”
“And I’m sure the damage isn’t that bad. It’s only the…side of the inn. I know a few [Carpenters] in the city. They might be able to help!”
