2.11
Page 4
Relc rolled his eyes and shivered as he stood impatiently next to Erin. He hadn’t worn any more clothes than normal, even though it was so cold. His bare chest might be a display of how tough he was, but he still looked cold to Erin.
“Okay, you’ve found out that your trees don’t kill you unless it’s warm. So what?”
Erin pointed at the tree in front of her and looked back at Klbkch.
“Hey, Klbkch. You said the Workers needed wood. What about this?”
Relc blinked. Olesm clicked his claws together – more of a soft sound than a snap – and mouthed ‘of course’. Klbkch stared silently at the piece of wood. He didn’t say a word for a minute, and then nodded.
“Yes. The Worker tells me this wood appears to be quite similar to timbers he is used to working with. And if it can withstand the impact of such explosions, it should surely suit your needs.”
“Good idea, Erin!”
Selys cheered and Erin smiled.
“There’s an entire forest of these stupid trees. Probably enough for an inn, right?”
“Presumably so.”
Erin felt a sense of accomplishment. It wasn’t happening like other times. This might actually turn out right. But…could it turn out righter?
“Um, you said it would be just as easy to build a new inn, right?”
“Correct.”
“Then—could you rebuild it closer to the city? On another hill, or something?”
Selys’ mouth fell open about the same time as Olesm’s did. But Ceria grinned from ear to ear, and Relc laughed. Klbkch looked amused and paused before replying.
“It should be possible. There are a few hills of sufficient height the Workers say may serve. Shall we inspect them?”
Erin smiled. The sun was coming out. The bright light made the snow blindingly bright, and it warmed her. The world was better.
“Thanks, Klbkch.”
“You are welcome, Erin Solstice.”
 
—-
 
The first of the Workers met Erin and the others at the hill they’d chosen. It was closer to the city—close enough that Liscor’s gates were actually visible from their position on the hill. It was…five hundred meters away? A mile? Five miles? Erin wasn’t good with distances.
It was close enough that she’d only need to walk leisurely for around twenty minutes to get there, which would be a huge improvement from her normal trek. And best yet, the hill Klbkch had approved was quite large. It had room for all the things Erin wanted.
“So the outhouse is going there, and I get a basement?”
Erin looked excitedly at Klbkch. He nodded calmly.
“The Workers will begin work right away. I will take twenty of them to collect the necessary amount of timber.”
“I could go with you. It’s far away.”
“I have memorized the map of the surrounding region and I am familiar with the location. You should stay here to supervise the construction.”
“Right, right.”
“I’ll stay with her.”
Relc yawned as the Workers filed past him. He leaned on his spear.
“I’ll protect her against…the wind.”
“You will come with us. Monsters may attack such a large group.”
“Aw. Do I have to?”
“I’ll go with you.”
Relc blinked as Ceria stepped forwards. Erin wanted to protest, but the half-Elf was adamant.
“Three fighters is better than two, and neither of you is a mage. I might be recovering, but I can still cast a few spells even without a wand.”
That made sense, but Erin was still worried about Ceria until Klbkch assured her she would come to no harm. When Relc said it, it just didn’t instill the same level of confidence.
