2.11
Page 3
Everyone looked around. Relc stared down at his seat and slowly got up. As one, everyone slowly edged away from the part of the tree. Except for Erin. She stared at it with a frown.
“Why doesn’t that explode?”
Selys glanced at Erin nervously.
“Do you think it will? Should we get farther away?”
“No. But why doesn’t it explode? It should the instant you get near it or hit it.”
Erin thought to herself as Ceria and Relc wondered why their [Dangersense] hadn’t gone off.
“Maybe it’s the cold?”
“The cold?”
“Well, if Toren was in the forest, even he would notice if the trees started exploding. And the bark would have exploded if he was dragging the piece of tree all the way here. So why did it only explode inside?”
She imagined her skeleton. He wasn’t bright, but even he wouldn’t bring a dangerous object into the inn. So he must not have known the trees would explode. Ergo – a fancy word she’d learned in school – the trees must have seemed completely normal. Until they were inside.
Well, what would happen inside? Toren would probably light the fire with the wood. Not much else you do with wood indoors. And then…
Boom. That must have been the trigger. That was Erin’s hypothesis, and she decided to test it.
“Hey Relc, can you drag that piece of wood down the hill?”
He didn’t want to. But after some coaxing (threats) by Selys and Klbkch, he reluctantly stumped over and gingerly rolled the ungainly piece of tree to the side of the hill. And then, having ascertained the tree was probably not going to explode, he kicked it hard enough to send it crashing down the slope.
Erin was pretty sure that would have triggered the explosion, cold or not. But the bark didn’t so much as shiver. Well, that only added to her theory.
Next, Erin asked Ceria if she knew any flame spells. It turned out the half-Elf did, although she only knew one or two.
“It’s not my proficiency. Ice magic is, and you can imagine the two are different. But if you need me to light something…”
Ceria couldn’t throw fire that far or shoot fireballs, but once again Relc was the right Drake for the job, however reluctant he was to do said job. Ceria lit a bundle of boards and sticks Erin tied together on fire, and Relc set the burning wood next to the tree and dashed back.
He was so quick! He could cover the hundred meters from the tree fragment to where the others were waiting in only a few seconds. Erin knew the world record was something like ten seconds, but she was sure Relc made the journey in less time than that.
The Drake slid behind Erin and the others waited, tense. About thirty seconds after Relc had placed the fire next to the tree, Erin thought she saw the bark on the tree twitch—
The explosive tree bark wasn’t nearly as bad this far out, but a fragment of bark still bounced gently off Klbkch’s carapace as he shielded Erin. The others raised their heads and stared at the spot around the tree in amazement. Selys twitched her tail and blinked.
“Whoa.”
The snow around the piece of tree had been blown away in a rough semicircle, and the dirt had been kicked up as well from the force of the blast. It looked a bit like a bombshell crater, and Erin said as much.
“You mean you have exploding trees where you came from as well? What kind of place do you live in?”
Olesm shook his head she walked back over to the tree. Erin gingerly prodded the now bark-denuded wood and found it was wonderfully smooth. And amazingly, unharmed.
“The bark just explodes off and leaves the tree intact. That’s so weird.”
