2.11
Page 2
Olesm smiled unconvincingly at Erin. Selys nodded and adopted the same too-optimistic tone.
“Yeah! And you could probably get enough wood to rebuild the inn. From Krshia. She might uh, know someone with a lot of spare building wood. They’re rebuilding a lot of the damaged buildings so…it might be cheaper?”
Erin nearly smiled, and then she actually did. It was ridiculous and hopeless. But she was used to that, wasn’t she? Keep smiling, keep trying. She shivered, and suddenly realized it was freezing.
Ceria snapped her fingers and muttered a few words. Erin blinked as the air around her suddenly seemed to lose most of its bite. Selys blinked and stopped crossing her arms together.
“What was that?”
“[Lesser Resistance to Ice]. It’s a basic mage spell in my school. It won’t stop much of the chill, but it helps.”
It did. Erin smiled gratefully at Ceria and the half-Elf smiled crookedly back.
“What a fun surprise, huh? I’m really sorry about your inn, Erin. Let me know if I can help. I’m no good with movement and telekinetic spells, but even I can cast [Repair]. I can fix a few floorboards, at least.”
Olesm nodded.
“And I’ve got a hammer in my home!”
Erin smiled. Suddenly she was warmer, and not just on the outside. She had friends. Even in this cold winter, she had people who’d move mountains for her.
What else could she ask for?
“How about a jacuzzi?”
“What?”
“Nothing.”
Klbkch had been silent as he stared at her inn. He looked up and turned to face Erin.
“I have contacted one of the Workers most skilled in constructions within my Hive. He will be on site shortly, but he informs me the inn can be rebuilt.”
“Really?”
Erin stared incredulously at Klbkch. He nodded calmly.
“Yes. But there are a few caveats. Firstly, the damage to the foundations is not inconsiderable. Although much of the building is still intact, the rest will need to be reconstructed and cannot be built from the fragments that remain. With a supply of wood however, another inn may be built, although it would be just as easy to build a new inn elsewhere.”
Everyone stared at him. Olesm opened his mouth.
“That’s not easy.”
Klbkch shrugged fractionally.
“I am no longer Prognugator, but I occupy a similar position of command. I have called thirty Antinium Workers with class levels that will assist in reconstruction shortly.”
Rather than stop, the staring increased. Klbkch shifted his position and looked at Erin. She blinked at him.
“You’re going to get the other Antinium to help me? Isn’t that…won’t your Queen get mad?”
He shook his head.
“It is a service we will provide for free, if you will assist us in other ways. My intent tonight was to discuss allowing Workers and other Antinium to visit your inn to play chess and learn. That cannot occur without an inn.”
“But the cost—”
“The Antinium will work for free. It will not take long.”
He hesitated and glanced at the façade of the inn.
“…Finding timber will be a more difficult matter. Lumber is in short supply in the city at the moment. It may take a day or two to locate enough. The Workers can begin repairing parts of the inn and seal the rest off from weather damage for now.”
“Oh.”
Erin sagged slightly. But this—was more than she could have asked for. And it was the same feeling. Help—someone helping her without her helping back. She looked around. Wasn’t there something she could do?
Her eye caught something untouched by the explosion. A section of a tree, roughly chopped away, bark still wrapped around the few branches and sections of the wood. Relc was sitting on it, looking bored.
“Hey, there’s more of the exploding tree.”
