2.11
Page 8
“Ah. There is the forest. We should remove the bark before bringing the trees back.”
He turned and began issuing orders to the Workers behind him in a clipped, short tone. Ceria watched the black-bodied Antinium move as she thought. Klbkch’s question had bothered her more than he could probably imagine.
What would she do now? What would she become?
Ceria didn’t know. She was lost. She only had one thing to cling to, and that was a certainty. There was something about Erin Solstice and Ryoka Griffin. Something different.
She’d figure that out first, and then decide.
 
—-
 
The first of the Workers were returning with boards and another group was beginning to dig what would become Erin’s foundation and basement when Olesm pointed at the sky and called out warningly.
“Uh oh. Trouble.”
Erin looked around, and her heart sank. High above in the sky, she saw a cloud of shimmering shapes, and heard familiar—and unwelcome—voices.
 
“Look, look! The wretched building is gone!”
“Something destroyed it!”
“Nay, it exploded! See the traces?”
“Hah! Serves the foolish human right! Look how she stands there like a lump!”
 
The Frost Faeries flew overhead, chattering as the Workers began trooping the pieces of the inn over to the new build site.
 
“And now the slaves are rebuilding the inn! With nails of iron and metal tools! Let’s curse their steps!”
“Break their foolish tools!”
“Destroy the new building!”
 
Erin waved her hand and ran at the Frost Faeries in a panic as they dove out of the sky at the oblivious Workers. The others stared at Erin incredulously as, from their perspective; she began shouting at faint blobs in the air.
“Wait, wait! Stop! Don’t attack! Please!”
The Frost Faeries halted, and one of them glared at Erin suspiciously.
 
“What do ye want? If ye want to beg, don’t bother. We hate all of cold metal and naught you or yer slaves can do will stop us!”
 
“But I need an inn! I mean, my old one got destroyed! Why do you hate me so much?”
They laughed at her, the faeries. One of them made a rude gesture and pointed at the working Antinium.
 
“We don’t hate ye, fool! You mortals are nothing to us but pests. Tis iron we hate! If ye’d take away the iron in the building, we might, might reconsider.”
 
Erin looked at her inn and back to the faeries.
“But how are they supposed to build an inn without iron nails?”
 
“Silly wench!”
One of the faeries laughed mockingly at Erin.
 
“Don’t you know? A nail can be more than just iron! Are you a fool? They can be made of silver, wood, steel—”
“Copper! Make them of copper, you daft cunt!”
 
That was really rude, but Erin ignored it. She ran over to the two Workers in charge, waving her hands desperately.
“Hey Pawn! Pawn!”
Pawn looked up from his discussion with Bird. Erin met them as they walked towards her and pointed to the site where the Workers were already digging into the soil and hauling stones into place to make the foundation.
“The inn. When you’re building it—can you use only copper nails?”
He conferred with Bird, and the nodded.
“We have a large supply of building materials available to us. It will be done.”
Erin turned back to the faeries and smiled hopefully at them.
“Well? Will that do? It’ll be a building without any bad iron—well, without much. And you’ll be welcome there as guests, okay? Promise!”
The Frost Faeries conferred, starring hard at Erin and talking with their small hands cupped. Erin waited, sweating despite the cold, imagining her and all the Workers buried underneath a hundred tons of snow. Faeries couldn’t do that. Could they?
