2.11
Page 0

It was all gone. All over.
The Wandering Inn was finished.
Erin stared at what had been her inn and saw the writing on the wall. Actually, she didn’t.
Because there was no wall.
Nearly half of her inn had been blown outwards by the explosion. Walls, floorboards—even parts of the roof had been shredded by the explosive tree bark as it heated up from the fire.
For an added bonus, the bark had been flaming as it shot out of the fireplace. So the parts of the inn not hit by the shrapnel also caught on fire.
It was only because it was such a cold and windy day that the fire hadn’t eaten away the entire inn. As it was, Erin could see straight into the common room and parts of the upstairs from her position outside.
There was no repairing that. Erin wouldn’t even know where to start. [Basic Crafting] did not teach her how to repair the foundations. The spot where the fireplace had been—the center of the blast—was a crater, and Erin could see churned dirt where floorboards and the stone base should be.
The inn was gone. And Erin was homeless.
The feeling that hit Erin wasn’t exactly like despair. It was closer to numbness; a vague hurt feeling in her chest. Why? Why did it always have to be her?
She told Toren to go away, and for a while, she just sat in the snow trying to imagine what came next. What did come next? She had a little money, but not enough. She was an [Innkeeper] without an inn and no other useful skills besides chess.
She was lost.
Again.
That was the word that popped into Erin’s mind. Again. It wasn’t the first time something like this had happened. That thought created a spark, but Erin was so tired. She didn’t want to think of doing anything like picking up the broken timbers or finding actual firewood to replace the damaged wood.
She just wanted to sit here and stare at the remains of what had been her home.
“Wow. It’s totally gone, isn’t it?”
Erin heard Relc remark cheerfully as the Drake crested the hill. She’d beaten even him and Klbkch in her mad dash towards her inn. The Drake whistled as he looked around.
“What did this? I only saw the smoke and Tkrn said he could see the inn was broken from his spot on the walls. [Eagle Eyes]. Nice skill, right?”
“It blew up.”
“Yeah, I got that p—ow!”
Erin heard a thump and the sounds of a Drake hopping around on one foot in the snow. Then Klbkch was squatting next to her. The Antinium regarded Erin gravely.
“I am sorry this happened, Erin. Was this an attack or some kind of magic?”
“No. No. It was trees.”
“Trees?”
Relc stopped hopping and cursing and looked mildly alarmed. He grabbed his spear and turned.
“Aw, no. Don’t tell me it was one of those cursed trees. Or a Dryad? I hate Dryads.”
Erin almost smiled, but she couldn’t.
“No. It was an exploding tree. Toren must have cut it down and brought it here.”
“An exploding tree? What?”
Klbkch nodded slowly.
“Erin must be referring to the reports of the deadly forest southeast of here. You will recall it’s one of the areas we avoid on our patrols.”
“Oh yeah. The place where that scouting party disappeared? Yeah. Wow. So the trees explode?”
“The bark does.”
Erin could see it now. She remembered how those trees had reacted when she’d hit one with a rock. They’d nearly taken her eye out with an acorn fifty feet away. If that explosive power were compressed into a nice little room…
“Well, there goes dinner. I’m hungry. You want to go to the Tailless Thief instead? I’ll buy the first round.”
Klbkch turned and looked around at Relc. Erin didn’t see his face, but the Drake raised his hands defensively.
“Hey, I was joking! Sort of. I mean…”
