2.11
Page 7
She was slightly regretting her choice to go with the Workers to gather wood in any case. She didn’t know Relc or Klbkch and she had a history of bad experiences with local law enforcement. But Erin liked Klbkch, which probably meant he was alright.
“I, uh, haven’t ever met any Antinium before. You don’t have a great reputation up north.”
“I am well aware. The perception of our kind is not undeserved.”
“But you’re a friend to Erin. That’s surprising, but I’m glad. She needs friends out here.”
“She is a unique individual. I believe you are a good friend to her as well. She went into the ruins to bring you back.”
“She did. She’s very brave.”
“She is.”
The conversation halted for a few minutes. Ceria stared around the bleak landscape. There weren’t many structures or…anything except on top of the higher hills. That made sense, considering what happened other parts of the year. Still, the open landscape was slightly disconcerting to her. Were it not for the Antinium, Ceria would feel lost in a landscape of endless white.
Ahead of her and Klbkch, Relc stormed through the snow, leaving a trail in his wake. He was scouting ahead, as the only person in the group with skills in that area.
“Spider nest!”
He waved his hand and stabbed his spear into a section of snow which collapsed inwards. A huge gaping pit opened up and Relc kicked the first Shield Spider as it crawled over the edge.
“Take that you little bastard!”
The Shield Spider flipped back into the nest as Relc laughed and poked the other spiders back into the nest. Ceria and Klbkch changed directions to walk wide of the nest. Ceria nodded at Relc.
“He’s the highest-level guardsman I’ve seen in my life. I saw him fighting Gazi. With his abilities, he could be a Gold-rank adventurer.”
“He has told me he does not care for danger anymore. He was a soldier. Now he is retired.”
“Gazi was a soldier, once.”
“Yes. She may be one again, if what we have heard is true.”
Ceria tried to imagine it. She remembered the King of Destruction’s first rampage, hearing of nations falling and cities sieged. She’d never been to Chandrar, but war had been speeding across the vast ocean when the King of Destruction had suddenly called an end to his grand ambitions.
“What will the Antinium do if he starts conquering nations again?”
Klbkch shrugged fractionally. He was armed with two swords, which matched his unique body. Ceria had never seen an Antinium with only two arms – it must mean he was a special leader among them. The other Workers certainly obeyed his commands without question.
“If it comes to war, the Antinium will act. Until then, I believe the Queens will be content to wait. The King of Destruction is far away.”
“True.”
More walking. Snow crunched underneath Ceria’s boots. And then Klbkch asked her a question.
“What will you do?”
“Excuse me?”
“I understand you will not be charged for the attack of the undead. But you are an adventurer alone, not counting the few adventurers who survived. Many have already left, and only the silver-rank adventurer is of any note.”
“Yvlon. She’s…silent. Still recovering.”
“Yes. Will you join with her and continue adventuring?”
“I don’t know.”
She’d lost everything. Sometimes Ceria forgot. She’d wake up or start doing something, and then it would hit her as she thought of the future. She’d lost all of her coin in the ruins, lost all of her magical artifacts except her robes, lost her friends, and her hand.
Everything.
Klbkch slowed as Relc raised a hand and shouted from ahead. There was something in the distance, breaking the uniform snowy landscape.
