2.11
Page 6
“Yes. The Revalantor has instructed us already. We will rebuild your inn here, Erin. It may take time to dig the foundation and cut the timber, but we should be finished by midnight.”
Erin’s eyes bulged, and she looked around at the empty hill, still covered in snow.
“No. Really?”
“The Workers need little rest and we all have a few levels in the appropriate classes. Moreover, we are here in number. We have already reconstructed much of Liscor. Do not worry. Your inn will be built better than new.”
Erin smiled at Pawn, and felt her eyes sting a bit.
“Well. Well…I’ll pay you back, I promise.”
“I believe you will. I understand that the price the Revalantor wishes to ask of you is to allow Antinium to visit your inn to learn to play chess.”
Selys frowned and Olesm looked delighted. Erin was incredulous.
“What? That’s not a price. That’s—helping me!”
“It will help the Hive as well. Pardon me, I’m not permitted to speak too much of the details. But it will help.”
“Well—sure! I mean, this will already be a lot better. My inn was already full of holes, and now it’ll be closer to the city, right?”
Selys nodded happily.
“Now I’ll be able to visit after work rather than find someone to bring me all the way out there. And you’ll get a lot more business, I’m sure.”
“It could be for the better.”
Olesm agreed as he stared at Bird. The other Worker looked vaguely uncomfortable, but if Erin knew Olesm, the Drake was about to challenge Bird to a game of chess.
“And I can take less time shopping, and I won’t have to carry stuff nearly as far.”
It all sounded better. Erin felt a huge sense of relief and happiness in her chest. Selys tapped Erin’s legs with her tail as she smiled at her.
“Having your inn explode is one of the best things that’s happened to you, huh, Erin?”
“Yeah. I’m almost not mad at Toren anymore. I mean, it wasn’t exactly his fault.”
Erin sighed. It really wasn’t the skeleton’s fault. He was boneheaded, but not stupid. And he’d found firewood after all. She wouldn’t shout at him, she promised herself. Then a thought occurred to Erin and she looked around, frowning.
“Where is Toren?”
Pawn and the others looked around as well. It suddenly occurred to Erin that she hadn’t seen him in a while.
“Is he doing something for you, Erin? Running an errand?”
“No…”
Erin remembered what she’d said to him. ‘Go away’.
“Oh. I told him to leave after he blew up the inn. I guess he’s still gone.”
Olesm frowned.
“Will he come back?”
Erin floundered.
“Well—yeah! I just meant go away for a while. Not forever. He’ll be back soon, I’m sure.”
There wasn’t much Erin could do in any case. Toren’s…reduced…frame meant he was hard to spot at the best of times, and he was nearly completely invisible in the white snow. Erin asked Pawn and the other Workers to keep an eye out for him, and resolved to do the same.
He’d be back soon, she was sure.
 
—-
 
“So. I’m told your name is Klbkch.”
Klbkch glanced down slightly and nodded politely to Ceria as they walked together at the head of a small army of Workers. They were walking through the Floodplains of Liscor, or as Ceria thought of them at the moment, the Frostplains of Liscor.
It was cold. Ceria was specialized in frost-based magic and she didn’t mind the cold, but the trek combined with her recent weakness was making things harder than she would have liked. Nevertheless, she walked quickly, not wanting to slow down the expedition.
