2.12
Page 3
“But I’ll give you some. A sample. If you stop talking and give me what I want.”
I have her attention. And Octavia seems to be smarter than your average…stitch-person, because she doesn’t try to sweeten the deal or talk.
“Here’s what I want to know. First—information about alchemy and your kind if none of that’s a deadly secret. Second, I want a consultation on how to get through the High Passes alive.”
For a second Octavia blinks at me, surprised. And then her eyes gleam and she smiles.
“Well, I know a good deal for me when I hear it. And you’ll give me part of your potion?”
I hold up one finger.
“One tablespoon’s worth.”
Octavia frowns.
“That’s not a lot. For as much information as you want, I should get at least half a cup.”
The potion isn’t that big. I glare at her.
“For what? Talking? I’ll let you have a 1/64th of a quart. How’s that?”
She hesitates and I can see her working out the numbers in her head.
“Heh. I’d prefer a bit more than that. How about three ounces? That’s quite fair.”
I raise an eyebrow.
“No. Five teaspoons.”
“Six.”
“Five.”
“S—”
“Five.”
“I’ll take that.”
Octavia grins and gives in. She sticks out a hand and I take it. I can’t help but smile a tiny bit as I take her hand. She’s got a strong grip, and when we let go she smiles even wider.
“Even a small bit is worth quite a lot, you know. Far more than a few minutes or even hours of me talking.”
“I’d guessed as much.”
I probably could have bargained her down to one teaspoon or even a few drops, but that would be too much work. One of the few lessons my dad taught me that I took to heart was always know how much you can get away with in a deal and how far you can push the other side.
“So, you’ve got questions. I’ve got answers.”
Octavia steps out from behind her counter and motions to a chair, but I shake my head and lean on the counter. There’s enough paraphernalia and objects around her shop that I’d be more afraid of knocking something dangerous over if I sat.
“I’m interested in alchemy and how it works.”
“And me, let’s not forget that. Is this the first time you’ve ever met one of the String People, Ryoka Griffin?”
“It is.”
“Well, let’s start with that. I can tell you I’m just like you, more or less. I feel sensations and it’s not like I have any special tricks. I can’t throw my arm at you and strangle you like a Dullahan and I die if someone cuts me apart. Well—I might survive that so long as my head doesn’t get too badly damaged, but I burn easily. Sort of a trade-off, don’t you think?”
Octavia speaks easily as she finds a stool and sets it behind the counter so she can sit and talk. She speaks fast and clearly, which is actually something I prefer when I have to converse.
“Anything else? I can change my body, it’s true. But it’s not like I can just turn myself into someone else like that.”
She snaps her fingers for emphasis. I nod, and try to focus. Gather information. Ask the unspoken questions, the good ones.
“But you can change yourself? That fabric that makes up your body—could you change how strong you are, or what you look like?”
“I could do that. If I wanted to. I told you, I added some muscle for this job, and I guess I could add a bit more. But the fabric doesn’t expand forever, and besides, that messes with my body if I disrupt the balance. It’s all quite complex, you know. Just like alchemy. Which, by the way, isn’t easy to pick up if that’s what you’re asking.”
