2.12
Page 1
It was the only explanation Teriarch could think of. Scrying required the exact name of the person he wished to see, or failing that, a piece of clothing or some part of them. He wished he’d kept some of the blood she’d dripped all over his cave, but of course he’d burned it all away.
“She must have lied to me, and to you.”
“How, pray? She doesn’t have any skills—or levels! She’s a girl without a class, Teriarch. Do you know how extraordinary it is that she made it to your cave without any help?”
Teriarch growled.
“I’m well aware. And my abode is not a ‘cave’.”
“Your little hovel, then. Your crack in the side of the mountain. Your little pit where you hoard shiny objects and hide from the world. I am telling you, that girl is important!”
Indignant, Teriarch opened his mouth to retort, but Magnolia rolled right over him, as she’d done so many times in the past.
“I asked you to tell me if she did anything unusual. But only now do you tell me that she threw off the spell you cast to make her deliver your ridiculous letter to Az’kerash.”
“It’s not ridiculous at all. It’s an important message.”
“It’s pointless. And a ring? Is it magical, or merely symbolic?”
“Of course it’s magical.”
Teriarch was somewhat miffed. Who would bother with nonmagical rings? He tried to regain control of the conversation.
“My message is—not as important as why Ryoka Griffin was able to break my spell. Are you sure she has no classes?”
“Very sure. Which is why I asked you to learn more about her.”
Teriarch ground his teeth together angrily. But Reinhart had a point. She always had a point. It was just that he disliked how her pointing things out tended to make it seem as if he was incompetent. He opened his mouth to retort and paused. Something was tugging at the edge of his thoughts. He frowned.
“Hold on. Something is approaching my cave—I mean, my place of residence.”
Teriarch muttered a word, and a picture appeared in his thoughts, depicting the surrounding area of the High Passes. He focused on the image and blinked.
His jaw dropped about three meters.
“I don’t believe it. It’s her.”
“Her? Ryoka?”
“She’s in the High Passes, heading this way.”
“What? Why?”
“How am I supposed to know that? Silence, woman. I have to concentrate.”
Ryoka was running straight through the pass towards his cave. Well, she knew the location, but she wasn’t under attack. Teriarch frowned. Why was that?
Lady Magnolia’s voice shrilled in Teriarch’s mind, making him wince irritably.
“Make sure she gets here alive! You must—”
“Yes, yes. But she doesn’t seem to need my assistance.”
There was something to it. Teriarch could see monsters nearby, but they were moving away from Ryoka. Why?
Teriarch frowned, drew in a deep breath, and coughed. He felt a terrible stinging pain in his nose and nearly gagged as a faint odor assailed his nostrils. He looked around.
“What is that smell?”
“What smell?”
 
—-
 
Half a day earlier…
I can’t do this. Dealing with pushy shopkeepers is one thing, but I can’t handle people. I just…never know what to say.
Garia and I took a break from Octavia once I’d pried my potion from her grip. I needed a break, and I also needed to tell her about the Horns of Hammerad.
I’d nearly forgotten she didn’t know. And the worst part was, she started asking me how their journey into the ruins had gone. She was so cheerful, and I wiped the smile right off her face.
I—didn’t know how to say it. I’ve never had to break bad news to anyone. And it was horrible.
She started crying. Garia just sort of folded in on herself and started crying. In the street, I mean. In front of everyone.
