2.12
Page 8
But I asked for this. I have to keep remembering that. It’s all part of the plan. And I can survive this. And perhaps the silent, noxious run wouldn’t be so bad normally. Yes, if this were the only price to enter the High Passes I might consider it a deal. But there’s one type of creature that doesn’t seem bothered, even by the smell.
High overhead, a small cloud of faeries flies overhead and laugh loudly as the gargoyles finish running for the mountains. One of them swoops down and lands on my head as I run on, laughing and speaking loudly to her friends.
 
“Smell her, sisters! She stinks like marsh bubbles and a witch’s brew!”
“Worse!”
“Hah! Even the stony ones fear her stinkage! What foolishness!”
 
They flutter around me, and more settle on my head. I grind my teeth. These little demons followed me out of the city, much to my dismay. I thought they’d give up on me with an entire city’s worth of humans to bother, but no*.
 
*Yeah, that’s right. I was trying to pawn them off on other people. So what? If you had to deal with these supernatural freaks for more than five minutes you’d be ready to do the same.
 
One of the faeries laughs and pulls at my hair. I feel some hairs rip free of my scalp and I snap. That’s it. I know it’s a bad idea, but I swat at them and drive them from my head.
“Get lost!”
The faeries take off and my fingertip grazes one and goes numb. They’re too cold to touch, and they’re not afraid. One buzzes next to my face, sticking her tiny tongue out at me as she mocks me.
 
“Ooh, scary, scary! It bites!”
 
I growl at her, but she only laughs and flips me off. Where the hell did faeries learn that gesture?
“Why the hell are you following me, anyways? Don’t you have anything better to do?”
The faerie looks offended and tilts her head away. She looks to one of her friends and remarks loudly to the air.
 
“Hark, the stinky thing talks!”
“Disgusting! It should die!”
 
My foot slips on a patch of the ice and I crash to the ground. Ow!
I pick myself up and realize a shard of rock is embedded in my hand. I pull it out, and blood wells out of my palm.
Those damn—
You know what? I’m just going to keep running. And it’s not  because I know I can’t do anything to them.
I get up and run down the long, winding rocky path. At least my shoes protect my feet from the sharp rocks. Now, where was that damn cave? I only barely remember reaching it last time—I was nearly dead as I recall. But I think Teriarch’s place should be just up ahead—
I turn past a cliff wall and suddenly a massive gaping hole taller and wider than the gates of Liscor appears in my view. Well. I’m here.
I hesitate as I stare up at the faded yellow scrap of cloth anchored by a boulder over the cave entrance. Only now do I suddenly remember exactly what Teriarch is. Let’s see. Now that you’re really thinking over your life choices Ryoka, does it make sense to bother a possibly Elven mage of incredible power who gave you a task that you did not carry out? Yes? Well then, go right ahead. This has been a message from your brain.
I take a deep breath and instantly regret it. But I’m here, and victory belongs to the bold. Also, bullets in the head belong to the bold, usually instead of victory, but I’ve got to do this.
The Frost Faeries swoop down around my head, oblivious to my trepidation. They laugh as they fly into the cave, chattering still.
 
“Ooh, does the human think we’re afraid of caves?”
“At least she’s not smart enough to use iron. We’d freeze her nose off for that!”
“Shall we drop the ceiling on her? Or maybe—”
 
