2.12
Page 6
“First off—if I could brew invisibility potions I wouldn’t be in a small shop like this. And you wouldn’t be able to afford one anyways. And a regeneration potion? Ask me after I’ve gained fifty levels. Stamina potions I can make, and pretty good ones too. But they don’t make you run faster.”
“Give me the run down on them.”
“Stamina potions? Sure. Ready for the sales pitch?”
Octavia turns and puts the base potion on a shelf and pulls the glowing blue potion out again. I have the distinct feeling it should be green, not blue. But then, this world doesn’t have a few decades of video games to standardize color stereotypes.
“This little gem will restore your energy and give you a kick so you can run further and faster than normal. But that’s only the potion giving you a boost. If you tear a muscle, it’s not going to heal it, and you’ll still be using up energy even with the potion. When it wears off you’re going to crash hard. But if you need to run for three days straight…”
She sloshed the potion in the glass bottle. I nod.
“I could use some. But that doesn’t solve my problem with the High Passes.”
“Don’t go is my solution. That place is a deathtrap. Unless—if that’s the place you got the potion from, I say go for it and get me another one.”
Octavia shrugs as she uncorks the blue potion. She shoves it under my nose.
“Here. If you’re buying a potion, take a sip and make sure you can down it. I’ve had adventurers complaining they threw up before they could down some of my potions.”
The smell that wafts up from the bottle nearly makes me hurl, and that’s without tasting it. I push the bottle back and cough a few times.
“That smells awful. Can’t you do something about that as well?”
Octavia looks mildly offended. She gestures at the potion.
“Do you know how hard it is to add something like a flavor to potions without creating an entirely different effect? I’ve seen adventurers add a bit of lemon juice to their potions to make them taste better and have the entire thing coat them in poisonous foam. Don’t try that, by the way.”
Well, that’s a comforting thought. I try not to gag as Octavia sniffs her potion. She clearly doesn’t seem to mind the horrible odor, but then, she probably inhales that stuff all the time.
But for me, it’s making my eyes water. Hell, it’s like being skunked. I’d better ask how thick those potion bottles are. If it breaks in my pack, I’ll either have the street to myself or get kicked out of the city. Not that I wouldn’t mind the privacy—
I blink. Waitaminute.
“Hold on, I think I know how you can help me get through the High Passes after all.”
Octavia raises her eyebrows.
“Well, if it means getting paid more I can brew up anything you want. Within reason, of course. Is there something that you think will help?”
I nod. Am I going to regret this? But it’ll probably work. If not, I’m going to hate myself.
“Yeah, but I’ll need to buy some nose plugs as well.”
“Nose plugs? Hah! How many do you need?”
 
—-
 
Nearly a day later, I run towards the High Passes. What was it I thought the first time I came this way? Death and glory await? Something stupid like that, I bet.
This time I’m ready.
I run towards the high passes, mountains looming impossibly high in the distance. A range of mountains taller than Mt. Everest breaks only in one small part to let travelers through.
‘Small’ in this case meaning a gap that you could march a small army through. It’s all relative.
