2.12
Page 13
Of course. Blast. Teriarch had forgotten how the request system worked. And even he had to admit, a single Potion of Haste was a paltry reward for even a simple delivery. He was just so used to commanding Couriers that he’d forgotten entirely what was worth giving.
Teriarch cast about, with his magical senses as much as his eyes. What could he give her that would placate her anger? He had quite a lot to give, but what was appropriate? A weapon? No, surely Runners wouldn’t use them. Jewels? Gold? Spell books? And how expensive was a delivery, anyways?
“Magnolia. What is the current rate of exchange in your wretched cities?”
Teriarch whispered the words, trying not to let the human see his uncertainty. He knew Magnolia was well-versed in the minutiae of human affairs, being one herself, but she was too busy laughing at him to reply.
Scale rot. Without her to help him, Teriarch was forced to bluff. He stroked at the wretched beard humans seemed to love and tried to look stern.
“For such an easy delivery, especially with the seeking spell, I feel some gold should be sufficient. Say…two hundred gold pieces?”
He had no idea if that was appropriate. The human girl paused, and then shook her head slowly. Tooth decay! She was probably offended.
“Two…hundred? Of course not.”
“Mm. Of course. Four hundred—no, eight hundred would be more appropriate, would it not?”
“P-possibly. Fine. I’ll accept that.”
Teriarch narrowed his eyes, but Ryoka had already schooled her expression to neutrality once more. He nodded slowly, still listening to Magnolia howl with laughter in his head.
“Very well. It is agreed.”
Below him, Ryoka nodded. She looked towards the entrance to his cave and patted her belt pouch where he could sense the letter and ring he had given her were stored.
“Right then, I’m off. I’ll complete your delivery when I have time. I’m heading towards Liscor in a few days anyways.”
Teriarch nodded. It was all he could expect. He’d let her go and hope she got there quickly—
He paused.
“Wait. What?”
 
—-
 
Teriarch doesn’t seem to quite get it. I take a step back as I repeat what I’ve just said. My heart is pounding out of my chest.
“I’m going. To do your delivery. That’s what you want, isn’t it?”
“Yes—no. Human—Ryoka Griffin, I have much to ask of you.”
“Too bad.”
Two more steps back. Teriarch frowns at me and raises a hand.
“You cannot leave just yet. I have questions for you, and you will answer them.”
I shrug at him as if I could care less.
“Too bad. I’m A Runner. I deliver your stuff. You don’t get to ask me questions.”
“What? No. You will stay here.”
Again, I feel the force of his magic trying to slow me, but this time I’m ready for it. I flip him the bird and turn.
“Try that again and I’ll double my fee. You hired a Runner, and that’s what you get. I don’t do interviews.”
I begin walking away. It’s terrifying, and I feel his eyes on my back. He raises his voice angrily.
“You cannot leave! Stop! I command you!”
I raise one hand in goodbye.
“Come back here!”
Teriarch’s voice is thunder, but I ignore it. I begin jogging out of the cave, tensed at any second for a fireball to turn me into a flaming pile of flesh.
But nothing happens. Instead, I hear Teriarch choking and spluttering in outrage. I increase my pace, and realize I’m close to the exit. Bright daylight greets me and I run out of the cave and back the way I come.
Behind me, I hear a roar of fury that sounds almost…bestial. But I’m too busy running to think about that. I sprint until I’m nearly two miles away from the cave before I feel like I can safely slow down.
