2.12
Page 5
“This is one of the secrets behind alchemy. Magic exists in the object it inhabits, but it can be extracted and contained in things. Like liquid. This is a base liquid—something we can use to store the magic. If I take an ingredient—like the salamander skin and dissolve it in this substance, it can hold the magic and let me add more things to the mixture.”
“So that’s the secret.”
I gaze at the grey liquid and imagine it. Sort of like chemistry but with a million reactions. Take a base, add ingredients and pray like hell you get it right.
“Pretty much. Of course, alchemy isn’t as simple as just adding the right things together. Sometimes there’s the order that matters, and stuff like heat and time affect magic as well. You can’t use moon dew in a mixture unless the moon’s actually waxing and it’s night, and Goblin ears need to be boiled while you’re mixing or they congeal.”
Goblin ears? I try to let that one go, but it’s hard. Octavia keeps talking, showing me other potions.
“It’s unpredictable, and of course, dangerous. But that’s [Alchemy] in a nutshell. It’s not just potions like a lot of people think. Mind you, a lot is potions. They’re just the easiest way to mix a lot of ingredients. But I can make a tripvine bag as well, although cramming all the seeds inside before they sprout is a trick in itself. Does that answer your question.”
Mostly.
“Mostly, but I’ve got another question about you.”
“Go ahead. I don’t mind.”
I gesture at her arm.
“Do you need all the details or can you just use something that looks like an arm?”
Octavia looks mildly surprised. She flexes her arm.
“You saw that? Most people get too queasy to tell. Yes, we do need bones and other things. It’s hard to describe to you, since you Humans never really see inside your body, but there are more things than just bone and blood and flesh. Bodies are quite complex, you know.”
“I’m aware. But can you shape your bodies like other creatures?”
For the first time, the stitch-girl looks hesitant.
“If…we have to. I’ve never seen it myself, but you hear horror stories sometimes. It can go horribly wrong if everything isn’t sewn just right. Heck, if it were easy we’d just stitch armies together and conquer the world, right?”
“Hopefully not. Last question about you. Does the fabric type matter?”
Another quick smile.
“You’re fast. Yes, it does. Cotton’s what us normal people use, but I’ve seen some poorer folks use wool or rougher stuff. Quality does make us look…different, and it can make us stronger or quicker depending on the fabric. Canvas makes really heavy, rough people, but they can take quite a beating!”
“What about someone made from silk?”
Octavia’s eyes widen incredulously.
“From silk? You mean, their entire body? Dead gods, I don’t think I know anyone rich enough to do that. You barely see more than a bolt of silk on some fat lady around here anyways. It might be good, but I have no idea what that would feel like.”
“Huh. Thanks.”
“No problem! Now, is that all?”
Octavia’s eying my potion again. I sigh and cover it with one hand.
“Not yet. I had one more thing I needed help with.”
“Oh yes. The High Passes.”
Octavia wrinkles her nose and shrugs.
“Can’t help. Sorry.”
“What, you can’t do anything?”
“I’m an [Alchemist], not a miracle-worker. There are countless monsters lurking in there. I don’t have much that’ll stop them.”
“What about an invisibility potion? Or your stamina potions? A regeneration potion? Wouldn’t that help?”
Octavia taps the counter with one finger and shakes her head.
