2.13
Page 6
The furry rabbit in front of Erin scratched at one cheek with a furry hand. He completely misinterpreted Erin’s reaction to his name.
“My parents were from Liscor, but they had no idea what kind of names my species used. So they chose Hawk. I would have preferred Hakss, but what can you do?”
“Oh. And uh, what do you do?”
Erin could think of nothing else, only that she wanted to continue talking to Hawk as long as possible. She could hear…a voice in her head. No, a song.
 
Winnie the Pooh, Winnie the Pooh…
 
If she saw a stuffed yellow bear she was going to lose her mind. But Hawk was real in a different way. He wasn’t like Rabbit, more like the rabbit-version of Usain Bolt. Yeah, that was probably closer.
Hawk rolled his shoulders and shrugged. He smiled again, exposing a row of teeth which…Erin had always wanted a bunny.
“I’m a Courier.”
Erin paused. She tried to remember what that was. Some kind of Runner? It sounded important.
“That’s cool. Do you see a lot of different places?”
Hawk looked slightly crestfallen that Erin wasn’t more impressed.
“No, we run long-distance deliveries from city to city.”
“Oh, like City Runners?”
Selys bit back a laugh. Hawk looked amused and shook his head.
“We’re a bit more important than City Runners. Couriers are rare. There are less than a hundred of us on the continent, I think. We take big jobs or none at all.”
“Whoa. So you’re like, special runners? How far do you run?”
“On any given delivery I’ll go around a thousand miles. Sometimes two, if it’s a round trip. It’s a dangerous job, but rewarding. Of course, I can protect myself. I’m considered—”
Hawk suddenly froze and his body was suddenly tensed, low. Erin had heard the loud crack of wood on wood too, but it was Hawk’s reaction that surprised her. He hadn’t moved so much as instantly changed positions.
He was staring down the street at the source of the noise. A Gnoll was tossing slats of wood onto a cart. The sound was loud, but Erin had heard much of the same all day. But Hawk’s ears twitched violently every time the wood slapped together and he winced.
“I wish they wouldn’t do that.”
Okay. He was jumpy as a rabbit and fast as lighting. Erin stared at Hawk, forgetting completely about everything else. And he had a tail! A tail!
He started grumbling about inconsiderate Gnolls and Drakes while Selys edged over to Erin. The Drake elbowed her in the side.
“Don’t touch his tail. Remember Culyss?”
“But it looks so fluffy and poofy and—”
Erin couldn’t tear her eyes way from the fuzzy tail that protruded from Hawk’s pants. Selys rolled her eyes and twitched her own tail.
“Maybe you want to explain why you live in Liscor, Hawk? Erin hasn’t seen many Beastkin here.”
He nodded. It seemed like he was used to the question.
“Well, I live here. I was born and raised in Liscor ever since I was a kid, and it’s where I’m comfortable. My original parents left me here, and a Drake couple took me in. Liscor’s my home and where I love to live. Most of the time.”
He eyed the Gnoll who’d made the noise severely. Selys rolled her eyes.
“I still don’t know how you manage to sleep at night. There’s noise all the time—how do you sleep?”
“Soundproofing spells. It’s costly, but I make more than enough to pay for the magic.”
“There you have it, Erin. Our resident Courier is afraid of loud noises. Try not to shout around him.”
Hawk glared at Selys, but with no real intensity in it. He seemed to be a good-natured rabbit. Erin was still staring at his tail.
“I’m not just a Courier! I’m trying to become a [Chef] as well!”
“Right. And you’re doing research today?”
