2.13
Page 7
“Maybe I would if I ever got to eat this delicious thing.”
Hawk stared longingly at the burger on the plate, but he was too polite to take it. Selys nudged the human at her side.
“The burger, Erin?”
“Oh, right! Sorry!”
Erin remembered why Hawk was here and held the burger out to him. It was still warm thankfully, and Hawk eyed the rising steam appreciatively.
“Mm. This is good. I’m glad I came.”
Erin watched Hawk bite into his burger and chew,  her jaw slack. Selys stepped on her foot again, and that shut Erin up long enough for Hawk to say goodbye.
“It was nice meeting you, Miss Erin. If you ever need a long-distance delivery, ask for me at the Runner’s Guild, okay? I’ll give you a discount, especially if you have more of these burgers!”
He stepped away, and then sprang down the street. There was no other word for it. His powerful legs blurred and he covered more distance with every step than Erin would with five of hers. And he was fast. In an instant he’d rounded the corner and was out of sight.
“No wonder I never see him.”
Erin breathed the words as she stared at the place Hawk had been. She turned and looked at Selys.
“You never told me there was a talking rabbit in Liscor!”
Selys looked perplexed. She looked at the empty street and shrugged.
“What, Hawk? He’s part of the city, and he’s always in and out. Why is he special?”
“He’s a rabbit…a—a bunny!”
Erin couldn’t even find to words to explain why that was special. Talking Drakes? Okay? Gnolls? Totally normal. But bunny-men?
“If you’re interested in him, forget it. He likes Drakes, not Gnolls or Humans.”
Again, that statement threw Erin off a cliff metaphorically speaking. She hadn’t even considered—no! And what was that?
“He likes Drakes? But he’s a bunny!”
“Don’t call him that to his face. He gets touchy, and he’s not a Courier for nothing. When the undead attacked he killed one of those Crypt Lords and quite a few undead by himself! He carried over a hundred people out of harm’s way as well.”
“What?”
“Yeah, he’s strong. Don’t let Relc hear you, but he’s probably one of the few people who could bother Relc. And if it came to a chase, I’d put money on Hawk.”
“And he likes Drakes.”
“I said that. Too bad Drakes don’t like him back.”
Erin couldn’t cope. She shook her head.
“He’s a cool guy. Fluffy. Nice. Why don’t any female Drakes like him?”
Selys looked awkward.
“No reason—well, I mean, it’s not like he’s a bad guy. You couldn’t ask for a nicer Beastkin. But he doesn’t eat meat. Or rather, he doesn’t eat much meat.”
“I saw that. He ate meat! But what’s the problem with not eating meat? That’s not a problem, right?”
“It sort of is. We—Drakes—can eat vegetables. We just don’t…like to like he does. And all he keeps offering us are dishes with carrots in them.”
“Carrots.”
It was too good to be true. But Selys just looked disgusted.
“It’s all he likes to make. Couldn’t he try something else when he’s courting? But no, it’s all carrots. Carrot pies, carrot soup, carrot salads, raw carrots, noodles and carrots, carrots baked into bread…”
“Shrimp gumbo, pan-fried shrimp, deep-fried shrimp, shrimp sandwich, shrimp burger…”
“What are you talking about?”
“Just a joke. Sorry.”
“Anyways, we think it’s bland and not too good. If he could make the food sweeter or more savory…”
“What about carrot cake?  That’s sweet.”
“What’s that?”
