2.13
Page 1
But it was empty. All of Erin’s friends had returned to the city, and Toren was missing. Ryoka was busy running up north, and Erin still had no customers.
She’d fix that. Erin’s face was determined as she hefted her pack full of hamburger components. It was time to visit the city.
And how easy it was to get to Liscor! Erin felt like she’d barely stepped out of her inn before she was at the gates. It was ten times better than her freezing trip of yesterday, but maybe that was also because she had warm clothing.
All this purchasing of food and clothing was eating away at Erin’s small cache of cash, but that was okay. She was in a good mood, and things were looking up.
“Krshia! Hey, how are you?”
Erin smiled as she greeted the tall Gnoll shopkeeper. Krshia looked up from her stall, mildly surprised. Normally Erin found her way to the market around midday at the earliest, but today she was here bright and early.
“Erin. It is good to see you, yes? I had heard you had much trouble yesterday?”
“Oh? You heard about that?”
“The guardsman Relc, he came by quite drunk yesterday talking about your inn that exploded. And then apparently was rebuilt in one day. He was quite drunk, yes? I wished to know if you were well. If you had not come today I would have gone to look for you.”
“You’re so nice. But I’m fine! And Relc was telling the truth. My inn did explode. It was totally gone when I got there. Boom. Half of it blown away. But then Klbkch and the Antinium came by and rebuilt it. Somewhere else. On a hill closer to here, I mean. So I’ve got a new inn! Isn’t it great?”
Krshia sniffed the air and shrugged.
“You are not drunk. So you have a new inn? That is good. I must see it soon. And talk, yes? Your friend Ryoka has left, but I would speak to her as well.”
“Everyone wants to talk to me. Did you know I’m going to have a lot of Workers in my inn? Klbkch says he wants me to teach them how to play chess. Isn’t that great?”
“Really? How strange.”
Krshia eyed Erin as the girl unslung her pack and edged over to one of the large braziers. She watched as Erin felt at the temperature of the coals and reached into her pack. She took a frying pan out of her pack and after a few minutes of thinking, dragged the heavy brazier closer to Krshia’s stand.
“What are you doing, Erin Solstice?”
“Oh, is it too close? Sorry, sorry. I forgot your shop is made of wood.”
Erin adjusted the brazier, but Krshia shook her head. She gestured in bemusement at Erin’s setup. Erin looked blank, and then smiled widely.
“This? I’m going to cook something.”
“Really? Well, you may do so freely on this street I suppose. The fee is five silver coins if  you make over four gold coin’s worth of profit, though.”
Erin didn’t think that was a problem. It sounded fair. She looked around and realized she had a small problem.
“Um, you wouldn’t happen to have a table I could borrow, would you? And maybe more coals? This is warm, but I want to refill it if it starts to cool down.”
Krshia nodded patiently and pointed to a folded-up section of wood leaning against her shop front.
“I have both. But what is it you are doing, Erin?”
“Making hamburgers.”
“What is a hamburger? Is it made of pigs or boars?”
“Nope! At least…I don’t think so. Let’s just call it a cheeseburger instead.”
“Ah. So it is made of cheese?”
“Um. Let me just get set up and I’ll show you.”
