2.13
Page 8
Erin sighed as she realized this was yet another thing she had yet to introduce to this world. Cake—well, she was pretty sure she needed baking powder for that. Maybe Ryoka could help. That would be amazing, because Erin missed cake almost more than she missed ice cream.
Sweet things were harder to come by in this world, especially anything made with sugar. Sugar itself was wickedly expensive—not that Erin remembered how much sugar cost when she went shopping at Meijers or at Costco.
She missed Costco. There was something nice about a store where you could buy a fifty pound bag of sugar and no one looked at you as if you were weird. Then again, it was nice going to Costco when your parents paid for membership and not you.
“I just can’t believe it. A bunny.”
“Rabbit. The correct term is the Long Ear Tribe of the Beastkin, but that’s too much work to say.”
“Right, right. But he’s so fluffy.”
“You keep saying that, but why does that matter.”
“It just does. Now, are you going to tell me more about him or am…I…”
Erin trailed off.
Market Street was usually full of people, but there was a lull in the crowds. And at the edge of the street, she could see into a distant alleyway. Someone was crouching in the shadows of a building.
A girl dressed in ragged clothes stared hungrily at the shops. Her face was thin, and she might have been beautiful if she was clean. She had bright red hair, dirty from being unwashed. She was staring right at Erin’s stand, where the smell of cooked meat was permeating the air.
For an instant, her eyes met Erin. There was animosity in her bright blue eyes, but when she realized Erin was looking at her, the girl’s eyes widened in panic.
“Erin. What are you looking at?”
“I just saw—”
When she looked again, the filthy girl was gone. Erin paused, and wondered if she was going crazy. But maybe the girl was some kind of orphan, like Hawk? Whoever she was, she looked cold. And hungry.
“Never mind. I uh, thought I saw a customer.”
“We’re running out. Might be a good time to call it a day. I know my tail is sore.”
Selys stretched and took a few steps as Erin wondered if the girl was going to come back. She probably didn’t have any money, but if Erin saw her, she’d give her a burger for free. She spoke to Selys, still watching the alleyway.
“When do we quit?”
“When you get tired. Or when we stop getting customers.”
Erin glanced at her table.
“We’re out of ketchup.”
“I’m not making any more.”
“That’s fair.”
Selys came to warm herself at the brazier. Erin eyed her and tried to speak nonchalantly.
“So. Bunnies.”
“Rabbits. Erin, it’s rude to say—”
“I know. I won’t say it around him. But he’s so quick! And he’s…ripped.”
“He does have a good body.”
“And he’s nice. I can’t believe it never works out with other Drakes!”
“We try, now and then. But you know, it just doesn’t work out. Every time it ends badly with him. Take me for instance. We were together for only two weeks before we broke up.”
“Wait. What?”
 
—-
 
Two hours later, Erin walked back to her inn. She wasn’t alone.
“So you sold how many burgers?”
Erin had to think. Her arms were so tired that Ceria had offered to carry Erin’s mostly empty shopping bag back. But Erin had refused. Ceria might be well enough to leave the guardhouse, but she was still thinner than was healthy.
“I think…a thousand? It feels like that. Probably closer to six hundred. Maybe eight?”
“For a city with just over a hundred thousand souls, that’s a really good profit.”
“Yeah. But uh, a lot of people came back for seconds or thirds. Relc ate eight in total.”
