2.13
Page 10
Mercifully, she didn’t. Erin heard Ceria draw in a shaking breath, and then her voice.
“Erin! Oh ancestors, what have I—Erin!”
“I’m okay!”
Erin crawled past the doorway and waved her hands to reassure Ceria. Her friend’s face was deathly white.
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean—I thought you were—”
Ceria choked as she reached out for Erin. The girl immediately stood up and went to her. Ceria was shaking so hard the bed was moving.
“It’s okay! Really! It was just a spell! Are you okay? What happened?”
“A—dream. Just a dream.”
Ceria shook her head, and kept on shaking.
“I nearly—ancestors. I nearly killed you.”
“But you didn’t! And your hand! Ceria, did you see—?”
But Ceria wasn’t listening. She started to struggle in her sheets, trying to get up.
“I’ll go. I can’t stay. I’m a threat to you and—”
“No!”
Erin caught Ceria by the wrists. The blackened skin on her right hand was deathly cold and clammy to the touch, but Erin ignored it. She looked into Ceria’s eyes, trying to breathe calmly. Her heart was still racing.
“Ceria. No. It was an accident. Stay. Please. I don’t blame you.”
“I’m so sorry.”
Tears rolled down her cheeks as Ceria looked at Erin.
“I’m so sorry. So sorry.”
Erin hesitated, and then hugged Ceria. The half-Elf shuddered at the contact, but didn’t push Erin away. She just trembled in Erin’s arms. She kept repeating the words.
“I’m so, so sorry.”
Erin didn’t think she was just talking about nearly hitting Erin with the spell. She held her as the night deepened and Ceria wept.
 
—-
 
It was a long time before Ceria could collect herself enough to stop shaking. She and Erin sat on her bed as the half-Elf stared at her hands, one good, one dead.
“I thought I was back in the coffin. Only this time, Skinner found me and opened the lid.”
Erin shuddered. Just the thought of his dead body made of skin made her stomach clench.
“I don’t blame you for attacking. If it were me I’d throw everything I had. And I’d probably have hit you, with my [Unerring Aim] skill and all that. Actually, it’s a good thing you were the one who got scared, huh?”
Ceria laughed shakily, but it was a laugh, and that’s what Erin wanted. She stared at her dead hand and shook her head.
“I thought I was still back down there with the others. I thought they needed my help. They’re dead. I keep forgetting.”
Erin’s heart caught in her chest. She closed her eyes for a second.
“I—”
She let the word trail off. There was nothing she could really say. Ceria was silent too, but then she raised her arm and stared at her limp skeletal hand, protruding from the blackened flesh. It had been days, but the skin wasn’t rotting and the bone still looked…normal.
“My hand—”
“It moved.”
Erin was sure of it. It had been just an instant, but you didn’t tend to forget a near-death experience.
“You moved your hand. Was it with magic?”
“No—at least, I didn’t try to intentionally. But I must have used some, I guess. My arm…I didn’t think the bones could still move.”
The yellow bones didn’t so much as twitch. Erin looked at Ceria’s hand uncertainly.
“Is it…because you know magic? Or maybe Pisces did something to it…?”
“Pisces can’t take control of a living body part. Or even one attached to a living one.”
Ceria shook her head.
“Then is it because you’re a mage?”
“No. It must be because I’m half-Elf.”
“Half-Elves are immortal?”
“Hardly.”
Erin felt Ceria chuckle.
