2.13
Page 3
Krshia looked at Erin and smiled. It was the kind of smile that spoke for itself. She bared her teeth and grinned. Her tail was sending bits of snow flying.
Erin smiled back. The Drake shopping at Krshia’s stall looked between both grinning females.
“I want one!”
 
—-
 
Selys found Erin nearly an hour later, and by that time Erin had already been forced to migrate away from Krshia’s shop. Not because the other Gnoll minded her cooking; it was just that Erin needed the space.
She had a line. Drakes and Gnolls lined up as she flipped hamburgers as fast as she could and coins clinked into the jar she’d put on her table. From her spot at the back of the line, Selys could barely see Erin as the girl tried to juggle flipping burgers, collecting money, and talking to customers and explaining hamburgers all at once.
The Drake took a deep breath, and then raised her voice as she pushed past customers in line.
“Excuse me, I’d like to get through. I’m not—excuse me, I’m not looking to buy a burger. I know that human.”
She elbowed her way to the front of the line. Erin looked up and wiped a bead of sweat off her face as she managed five burgers in her frying pan at once.
“Oh, hey Selys! Want a burger?”
“Yes, please!”
Selys turned and stuck her tongue out as the Drakes and Gnolls shouted and complained further down the line. And when a Drake stuck out her tongue, it went a lot farther than a human one.
“You look busy.”
“Yeah?”
Erin raised her eyebrows as she fumbled a hamburger on a plate and gave it to a Drake. The orange-scaled Drake tasted the burger experimentally and then, apparently satisfied with the taste, bit into it as he walked down the street.
“Yeah! You look like you’re overwhelmed. Need a friendly tail?”
Erin nearly dropped her frying pan in the lit brazier. She wanted to hug Selys.
“You are the best person ever. But don’t you have work?”
Selys shook her head.
“It’s my day off. Here—I’ll take over at the table. You just flip that meat.”
“Can do!”
Selys found a chair Erin hadn’t had the pleasure of using yet, and took a seat. She stared at the messy table. Ingredients mixed with some of the coins that had fallen from the jar. Grease was coating the snow and Erin had painted a clumsy hamburger on a sign and written a price next to it.
Selys regarded the price and shook her head. She crossed out the number on Erin’s sign and doubled it. Erin frowned at Selys.
“Selys! That’s expensive!”
“It’s worth it. And people will pay. Or do you see anyone leaving?”
Erin did not, although Selys was getting a lot of casual glares from her customers. But the line moved a lot faster now that Erin didn’t have to do more than concentrate on cooking. She slapped burgers together as fast as she could and reflected that when all was said and done, she was working in the fast food industry. Just like her teachers always told her she would if she didn’t study in school.
The only difference here was that Erin was making money hand over fist. Or claw. Or furry paw.
Gnolls and Drakes both loved the hot food. Erin had quickly learned that both species had a soft spot for hamburgers, but they liked their food cooked very differently.
Drakes preferred their burgers well done, which was to say, fully cooked and even black in places. It didn’t seem to bother them that much, but Gnolls were an entirely different customer. They liked their burgers hot, but still rare enough to be bloody—it was the rare Gnoll who requested Erin cook theirs longer.
