2.14 G
Page 5
His voice sent a thrill of terror down Rags’ back. But she still gripped the hilt of her sword with one hand. She was terrified of the Drake, but so what? Rags was always afraid, but she never gave into the fear.
Klbkch laid one hand on the Drake’s shoulder as he gripped the shaft of his spear.
“Calm yourself, Relc. I would not wish violence here.”
“She was spying on us. Don’t you think we should do something? What if they were going to attack?”
Klbkch’s voice was an oasis of calm. He pointed at Rags.
“Erin Solstice harbors affection towards them. If she discovers they have been slaughtered, she will react poorly.”
Calm, and coldness beyond anything Rags had known. She was sure that if his needs called for it, Klbkch would kill her without batting an eyelid. Not that the Antinium had eyelids.
“Moreover, I do not believe even Goblins would be foolish enough to attack a larger force by themselves. No, I think Rags and her group were following us to see what we were doing. That is all.”
The Drake glared at his friend. He pointed at Rags.
“They killed you. Killed. You. You’re telling me you don’t want to slaughter every one of these buggers we find? They’re filthy little cowards, the lot of them.”
The word burned Rags. But of course there was nothing she could say. Klbkch paused, and then went on without changing pitch.
“My feelings do not matter. Erin Solstice has been deemed important to the Hive, and for that, her cooperation is needed. Let the Goblin go.”
The Drake glared at his friend, but then he cursed long and loud. He turned, and Rags breathed out just slightly. Maybe, just maybe—
Relc turned back and raised his foot. Rags saw only a blur and then—
 
—-
 
She woke up with a terrible pain in her jaw. Rags knew it wasn’t broken, but it hurt!
Relc was gone. Klbkch was gone. But someone was standing over her, and it wasn’t one of her Goblins.
“Rags?”
Ceria the half-Elf bent down and reached out for the Goblin. Rags’ reaction was immediate. She rolled away from Ceria and sprang to her feet, backing away from the mage warily.
“I don’t mean you any harm. I just wanted to make sure—”
Rags pulled the small jar of acid from her belt and Ceria paused. Rags hadn’t dared reach for it with Relc because he was too quick, but she held it out between her and the half-Elf warningly. It was a threat; not something Rags intended to actually make good on.
It worked. Ceria paused, and stood up carefully. She regarded the little jar of acid, knowing full well how dangerous it was. But she didn’t panic. She looked Rags in the eye.
“I’m not going to hurt you. I just wanted to make sure you weren’t hurt. Relc shouldn’t have kicked you like that.”
So. It had been the Drake. Rags felt her chin. It felt like it was about to fall off, but if that was all she ended up with, she’d count herself lucky. But then why was Ceria concerned about her? Rags was still wary.
“I’m not looking to do anything with you. If I wanted to hurt you, I’d have done it while you were asleep.”
That was true. Rags hesitated, and lowered the jar of acid. Ceria watched her tuck it into her belt and shook her head.
“I need to talk to Erin about her giving you those. That girl—”
She paused and shook her head again.
“What am I doing, talking to Goblins? Look, I don’t really care what you and your little group were doing watching us. But I have a message for you.”
A message? Rags’ ears perked up slightly. Ceria looked serious as she pointed at Rags, and then out across the plains.
“Leave. The Watch is going to wipe your tribe out or drive it off in a few days.”
