2.15
Page 12
“I haven’t stopped running since I passed Invrisil. Unless you’ve got a mage in your guild, I’m not surprised you haven’t heard I was coming this way.”
A mage in a Runner’s Guild? I could see how that would be helpful, but that speaks to a far larger guild than the small one here. And did he say he came from Invrisil? Isn’t that the city six hundred miles north of here?
Fals looks like he can’t believe it either, but Val just smiles.
“I’m fine. Truly. I wouldn’t have stopped, but I’ve never come this far south and the snow makes it hard to tell where I’m headed. If you could point me to one of the main roads, I’d be grateful.”
“But we’d love to talk to you. If it’s not an imposition—I know a lot of Runners aspire to be a Courier one day. Could you spare an hour from your journey to rest?”
Again, the Courier declines.
“My delivery’s a priority. I can’t stop even to chat. Apologies, but I’ll be coming back up this way. There will be plenty of time then.”
Fals nods immediately. I wonder what’s so important that a Courier wouldn’t even be allowed to stop to rest.
“We can have a Runner show you to the spot. We also have a map if you need one—”
“A Runner is fine. Preferably someone fast?”
Fals nods. Flustered, he looks around. Well, this seems like a good opportunity. I raise my voice and step forwards.
“I’m heading down that way myself. Mind if I join you?”
The other Runners look at me, and Val glances questioningly at Fals. He nods, relieved.
“Ryoka is the fastest City Runner in the region. She can take you to the road fastest.”
“Well then, if it’s not too much trouble, I’d like to move out soon. Is that okay with you?”
He raises an eyebrow at me, challengingly. I think I almost like this guy. He’s confident, not just cocky. He reminds me of other athletes I’ve met.
“Give me five minutes. If that’s not too long?”
Fals looks like he’s going to inhale his tongue, but Val grins broadly.
“Five minutes is fine. I’ll be here.”
I nod and move towards the counter. The receptionist is staring at Vals behind it, but she jumps and looks at me as I cough.
“I still need my payment.”
“What? Oh! Of course! Just let me—”
It takes her slightly longer than five minutes to get me my coin, mainly because her hands are shaking so bad. But eventually I have my money and I secure my pack as I tighten my shoes.
Vals nods at me and extricates himself from the crowd of Runners.
“Ready to go?”
“Follow me.”
He turns and nods at the room.
“Runners, Miss Garia. It was a pleasure to meet you all.”
“Thank you for saving—”
Oops. The door closes behind me and Val. We’re already out the door. I glance at him. He’s a Courier? I wonder how fast he is.
As if he’s reading my mind, Val glances at my feet and then at the open street.
“Slippery road. If you want to take it slow, I’ll match your pace. Just point me in the right direction and I’ll be on my way.”
“I have business in Liscor too. I might join you.”
“You’re welcome to.”
If you can. Neither he or I need to hear the unspoken words. I grit my teeth. My body’s tired, but this is a challenge. This is a race. Me against a Courier. Time to see how high the bar is.
“Let’s go. Try to keep up.”
I don’t break into a sprint right away. Unless you’re running a race that’s a terrible idea. But I do set a fast pace through the city.
Val keeps pace effortlessly with me, and I can tell he’s watching me as I run. I know because I’m doing the same.
“You have good form. It’s nice to see someone else who knows how to run.”
