2.15
Page 10
“Of course! When you come back I’ll have multiples of each. And then we can talk about another deal, perhaps? I’d love to work on any more projects, if you’ve got the coin.”
“I should, when I get back.”
I store all the potions in my pack, carefully wrapping them in the blanket I bring for long runs. I nod at Octavia.
“I’ve got to get back to Garia. I’ll see you—”
“—Later. You Runners are always busy. Come back soon, and with more coin!”
I leave the shop and jog down the street. That was an exciting few minutes, but the most important thing is that I’ve got a potion. With that in mind, I double-time it back to the Runner’s Guild and nearly run into another Runner coming in.
“Sorry.”
“My fault. You first.”
He grins at me, and I nod and walk inside. I haven’t seen him before, but then maybe he’s from further away. I find Garia and the others more or less where I’ve left them, only now Garia’s got food and drink in front of her and a blanket on her shoulder.
Fals looks over as I walk towards him. He raises his eyes.
“Ryoka, where have you been?”
“Getting something. Here.”
I take the potion out and put it on the table in front of Garia. She goes wide-eyed at the sight of the glowing mixture.
“Free of charge. Octavia’s compliments. She says she’ll give a discount to any Runner who wants a healing potion.”
The other Runners murmur appreciatively, and I feel more than one hand slap me on the back. Well, maybe Octavia will get some business from this after all. Probably as she intended.
That thought’s unworthy of her. She gave me the potion for Garia’s sake. She might have known it would engender goodwill, but that’s just good business sense along with a kind heart.
Garia stares at the potion and then up at me. She turns red again.
“I can’t—this looks expensive. I can’t take this. I’ll pay you—her back.”
“It’s a gift. Take it and use it.”
“But—”
Fals nudges Garia gently and winks quickly at me. For once I’m grateful he’s here.
“Listen to Ryoka, Garia. Octavia knows she can get us buying her potions if she can prove she’s got quality. Besides, you need something for emergencies like today.”
He pauses and snaps his fingers lightly.
“I’ve got a spare wand with a single cast of [Slow] enchanted in it. It won’t stop arrows, but it should let you get away from any group of bandits next time. You can come by my room later and pick it up.”
The other Runners like that notion. One offers a stamina potion, and another tells Garia he’s got a dagger she can have. The good mood lasts right up until I hear the high-pitched voice from just opposite me.
“Some of us make enough money to provide for ourselves. We don’t need to bother other Runners.”
I look up. Now, why couldn’t the bandits have attacked Persua? She sniffs at both me and Garia. Her eyes flick towards Fals, and then shoot daggers at Garia.
“What’s the big deal? Garia got away with only a little scratch. If she were faster, she wouldn’t have been caught at all.”
I’m no expert, but even I know that was the wrong thing to say. A lot of Runners glare, but to my disgust, some seem to agree with Persua. Bastards.
“Anyways, Garia should pay Ryoka—I’m sorry, I mean Octavia back for the potion. We all earn enough, don’t we? At least, I do.”
Garia’s face is a tomato, and my chest is too tight. My hand clenches. Can I punch her? She’s not too far away. I could turn her stupid face into a paste before anyone could stop me.
But—no, damn it. I can’t do that. I loosen my hands and force myself to smile at Persua. She wants to use words? I can do words.
