2.15
Page 9
Yeah, a pepper potion. To be more accurate, this is this world’s equivalent of pepper spray. Octavia took every hot pepper and painful substance she could and mixed it into something that would probably make mace look like lemon water.
And yes, I asked her to make it for me. I just didn’t expect her to test it out on herself.
I eye Octavia’s eyes. They’re still a bit red and the skin around her face is a bit irritated.
“You’re sure you’re okay? That stuff is giving you a rash.”
“Eh, it’s not worse than anything I get from spilling acid on myself. I might try and get it fixed later, but I’m fine for now.”
Of course. Stitch-people wouldn’t need healing potions. Or if they did, it would only be as a last resort. But it’s far easier just to replace some fabric or stitch something together.
“…Well, good. I uh—”
I shake my head and remember why I’m here.
“Do you have any healing potions? Good ones. I need one.”
“Healing potions? I’ve got lots! Any particular potency you desire? The good ones are all over a gold coin’s worth.”
“I need one for Garia.”
“Oh?”
Briefly, I explain to Octavia what happened. The stitched girl’s eyes widen.
“That’s terrible! Of course I’ve got a healing potion. The girl needs it! Here, I’ll give you a discount. Garia can pay me back.”
She reaches for a potion, but I stop her.
“Garia said she couldn’t afford one. She’s not rich, so she could probably afford only a few silver coins’ worth.”
Octavia frowns.
“That’s…not really enough. I suppose I could give her something weak, but if she’s running she’ll need a strong one.”
“Right, so give me a healing potion that’s only a few silver coins. Here’s the payment.”
I place a gold coin and four silver coins down on the counter. Octavia’s eyebrows shoot up and she stares at me.
“Ah.”
“Got a problem?”
She hesitates, and then pushes the coins back towards me.
“Keep it. Garia’s a good kid, and she’s been a long-time customer of mine. I’d hate to see her get hurt—more than she already is, I mean.”
That surprises me, but Octavia takes a yellow potion off the shelf and puts it on the counter.
“This one should be worth only a few silver coins. And best yet, she can use it sparingly if the wound isn’t deep. Tell her I’ve got more in the shop. Tell the other Runners, too!”
“I will. Um. Thanks.”
Awkwardly, I take the potion. Octavia smiles at me.
“Now, is that all? As you can see, I’m still in the middle of testing and creating some of the things you asked for, but I’ve got some if you need them.”
I hesitate, then nod. I might as well. I’m not due to head back to Erin’s inn for a few more days, but better safe than sorry. Garia’s just illustrated that point.
“I’ll take whatever you’ve got ready. How many did you manage to complete?”
Octavia turns and moves to a small crate, talking as she opens the lid and shows me what’s within.
“The pepper spray potion is ready, although I didn’t come up with a way to spray it like you asked just yet. But you can still hurl it. I’ve got two bags done, and two more bottles for you.”
She hands me some bags with the drawstrings tightly closed. They’re supposed to be special cloths that won’t let anything through, but I make sure the knots are tight before I put them in my pack.
Octavia places a warning hand on my arm before she gives me the two other potions.
“Careful with these. I had to buy enchanted glass for both. There’s a cork on the top—pull it out and the glass will weaken so you can smash the bottles if you want. But be careful. Break it anywhere near you and—”
“I’ll be careful. You’ll keep working on the other two?”
