2.15
Page 8
She isn’t listening to me. Octavia’s fingers are at her eyes, and she’s fighting me as I try to restrain her. She’s strong—maybe stronger than me.
“Octavia, listen to me, stop—!”
Her fingers dig into her eyes and I freeze. Octavia screams, pushes with her fingers, and her eyes pop out of their sockets.
I see the fleshy orbs moving, and then they’re in the air, real and horrible for one second, attached by red string to the sockets. And then—
Two cotton pieces of fabric stitched together to look like eyes land on the ground. I stare down at them, and see the orange-red stain of the potion soaking the front of the cotton.
Octavia sighs, and relaxes in my grip. She speaks normally to me as she turns two gaping empty sockets my way.
“Oh, hey Ryoka. Can you find my eyes on the ground?”
I stare at her. Octavia’s face is still flesh, but without her eyes I can literally look into two empty sockets. They gape at me, and I feel my lunch coming up.
“I—”
“Oh wait, it’s the sockets, isn’t it? Sorry.”
She closes her eyelids and I can finally look away. I pick up both eyes very gingerly, and press them into her hands. Octavia smiles.
“Thanks, Ryoka. I wasn’t expecting that to hurt as much as it did. Wow. Good thing you came along, or I’d be looking for these forever.”
I nod dumbly, and then realize she can’t see me. Octavia carefully feels at the table in front of her as I stare at her.
“You’re…okay?”
“Oh, sure! Sorry if I scared you—I was just testing that potion you had me make. It’s strong stuff, let me tell you. Worth every copper piece you invested, and as soon as I clean the mixture off I’ll be happy to show you the others.”
She fumbles around, nearly knocks over the pepper-spray potion, and steadies it just in time.
“Hey, Ryoka, I’ve got a basin of water around here. Can you find it for me?”
Silently, I locate the bucket and put it in front of Octavia. She tosses the eyes in and begins to scrub at them gently.
“Hm. Feels like the oil in the potion is sticking rather well. I know I’ve got a cleansing potion on my shelves. Can you grab it? It’s green with streaks of blue.”
It takes me a few minutes to locate the correct potion, but when I give it to Octavia she adds a tiny bit to the water. It instantly turns clear, and less than ten seconds later she pulls her eyes out of the water and gently pats them down with a towel before popping them back into her face.
Octavia turns and beams at me, blinking a few times and wiping her eyes.
“Whew! Sorry about that. It’s always a challenge getting the cloth clean after a spill. I should just keep the cleansing potion on my belt, but you know how it is.”
I stare at her. I just can’t quite erase the image of her sightless gaze from my head.
“You’re…okay?”
“Just fine, thanks for asking! I’ll admit it hurt a lot getting that stuff on my eyes, but I can safely say that this potion’s complete. I’d ask if you want to try it, but you can’t pull your eyes out of their sockets, so just take it on faith, huh?”
I blink at the pepper potion as Octavia lifts it and recoil.
“Get that out of my face.”
“Oops, sorry, sorry. Let me just cork that.”
Octavia stoppers the potion before handing it back to me. I gingerly shake the potion and watch the thick liquid sloshing around inside.
“One pepper potion, ready to blind anyone you really don’t like. It should cover a lot of space. Just make sure you don’t throw it upwind or you’ll be just as blind when it hits you.”
“Got it. I mean—thanks.”
