2.15
Page 11
“Oh, really? How much do you earn, Persua? I’m curious. Do you earn a few silver coins each day or are they all copper? I earn quite a lot. Want to compare numbers?”
Persua’s sallow* face goes slack, and then she gives me a look of pure, unrefined hatred.
 
*Still not sure that’s the right word.
 
“At least I don’t run off whenever I please. I’m a dedicated Runner to the Guild, not some aimless drifter.”
That was weak. I open my mouth to retort, and Fals breaks in. He glares at both of us from Garia’s side.
“Persua. Ryoka. Not the time.”
She tosses her hair and I close my mouth, ashamed. Damn it. That was catty. I should know better, but Persua—
I’ve never had girls in high school run me over with a wagon. Just try to push me down the stairs. Persua’s on a whole new level. But Fals is right.
He waits until he’s sure we’re not going to start anything, and then turns back to Garia. He talks to her soothingly.
“We’ll ask the Watch to put a few patrols on the roads. What happened to the ones who jumped you, Garia?”
She shudders, and begins to speak, but someone cuts her off. A tall guy steps forwards and raises his voice.
“They’re all dead. I’ve reported the incident to the local Watch.”
Everyone looks at him. Garia opens her mouth and gapes, and I realize I’m standing right next to the guy who I saw outside the Runner’s Guild.
The tall Runner who I saw entering the Guild nods to the other Runners. He looks with interest at Garia’s head and speaks to her.
“Good to see you didn’t get too badly hurt, Miss Runner. I was worried, but you got away before I could look for you.”
Garia’s eyes widen, and she tries to get to her feet. Fals stops her, but Garia points her finger at the newcomer.
“You—you’re the one who saved me!”
He’s not quite as handsome as Fals is – someone broke his nose once, and it was never set quite right. But he’s got something the other Runners don’t, and that’s a presence. He looks like some of the athletes you see in the Olympics and in sports—someone with enough self-confidence in what they do that it shows in everything they do.
Fals smiles at the new Runner, and gets up to extend a hand.
“You saved Garia on the road? Thank you, from me and everyone in the Guild.”
“Think nothing of it.”
The stranger returns Fals’ handshake and smiles in reply. His eyes flick towards me, and then at the other Runners.
“It’s a good Guild you’ve got here. Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Valceif Godfrey. I’m a Courier from First Landing. I’ve come down this way to do a delivery to the city of Liscor.”
He nods at the stunned room.
“Pleased to meet you all.”
 
—-
 
“I can’t stay. I’ve got an important delivery to make.”
That was the first thing Valceif said after the uproar had died down enough for him to be heard. He balanced on the balls of his feet, looking from Fals to the map on the wall.
“In truth, I’d like to have been on the road an hour ago, but I had to take care of those bandits and deal with the local Watch. And…I’m lost.”
He stands in the center of the room as if he’s used to the looks of amazement he’s getting. I’m the one who’s not used to it. The other Runners, both City Runners and Street Runners, are treating this guy as if he’s some kind of rock star. Even Fals looks amazed.
“It’s great to meet you. I’ve only seen two Couriers before, and never this far south. My name is Fals. I’m sorry the guilds didn’t notify us you were coming down this way, ah, Valceif.”
“Call me Val. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Fals.”
“Can we get you anything? You must be tired. Again, if we knew you were coming…”
Valceif shakes his head.
