2.15
Page 7
“I—was saved. I was on the ground when someone else attacked the bandits. I don’t know who. A traveler, I think. Maybe another Runner?”
Fals frowns worriedly, and glances at the map on the wall. The main roads and cities are all marked.
“Someone from Wales? We could ask the Guild if they had anyone coming this way.”
“Should we go out and see if we can find them? If it was one person—”
“They either got away, or the bandits got them by now. We wouldn’t find anything and we’d only put ourselves at risk.”
The other Runners argue in the background. I’m still intent on Garia. Fals asks the question I was going to next.
“You got away? Why were you still injured? Didn’t you have time to heal yourself?”
“I—I just kept running. I didn’t think to heal myself. I couldn’t, even if I wanted to.”
“Why not? You lost a lot of blood. A healing potion would have stopped you from collapsing like you did.”
“I—don’t have one. I can’t afford it.”
Garia blushes and turns red. She stares down at her feet as the other Runners look somewhere else. Of course. Of all the City Runners, Garia’s one of the slowest, even if she can carry a lot. She runs for only a few silver pieces at best, usually coppers.
The others are silent, but then Fals pats Garia on the knee. She looks like she’s going to cry from embarrassment.
“Nothing to be ashamed of. You got here on your own two feet, after being hit by a club. I couldn’t do that.”
The other Runners agree. Fals turns, and calls out.
“Don’t we have anything hot to drink? Not alcohol—can someone get a mug of goat’s milk? And food. And a blanket! Garia’s nearly frozen here!”
Some Runners immediately make for the doors at his words, and the receptionist darts into a back room to look for a blanket. I stare at Garia.
Not even enough for a healing potion. Jumped by bandits on the road. It’s never happened to me, but then I run so fast that maybe it wasn’t an issue.
Just when I think I know this world, something like this happens to remind me that you don’t need horrible monsters. Humans are evil and cruel enough to each other.
Fals is still trying to get Garia to sit still and calling out for something warm to drink and a blanket. I look at her, and the other Runners, and decide she’ll be fine.
Quietly, I make my way out of the crowd of people and towards the door. I slip out. I’ve got someone I need to visit. I was going to see her anyways, but now I’ve got two reasons to talk to Octavia.
 
—-
 
I hear the screaming just before I push open the door. Damn it. What now?
I flatten myself against the side of the boarded up windows, listening hard. Octavia’s screaming inside. Will I get a face full of explosion if I open the door? No time to wonder.
Yank open the door, throw myself out of the way. Nothing explodes. I rush into the shop and see Octavia in the center of it.
The dark-skinned young woman is screaming and clawing at her face.
“My eyes! It’s in my eyes!”
A bright red—no, vermilion-colored potion is sitting on the table in front of Octavia. It’s uncorked. Immediately, I cover my own eyes and hold my breath, but it doesn’t seem to be toxic.
And—I’m pretty sure I know what it is. And if it is what I think it is, Octavia’s only making it worse by wiping at her eyes.
I make my way as quickly to Octavia as I can without knocking anything over. She’s clawing at her face, but her eyes are streaming so badly she probably can’t see.
“Aaaaagh! I can’t see!”
“Octavia! It’s me!”
I grab at her hands.
“Don’t rub at it—you’ll just make it worse!”
