2.16
Page 5
“Great. Now you can make undead spiders. Keep them away, and we don’t have a problem. But that’s not something I really care about. I’m more interested in one skeleton. Toren.”
Pisces looked at Erin with a slight frown, and then around the inn.
“What about my creation? Is something…wrong with him?”
Erin tried to explain as briefly as possible what had happened. Pisces rolled his eyes when she told him about her order to go away, but he seemed attentive to the problem, at least.
“He’s gone. I can’t find him anywhere. You wouldn’t happen to be able to find him, would you?”
The mage paused, and closed his eyes.
“Odd. I should be able to tell where he is, but I cannot.”
Ceria took a seat opposite Pisces.
“I thought [Necromancers] could tell where all their creations are, regardless if they bound them to someone else.”
“Normally that’s true. But I’m—not sensing his aura anywhere nearby.”
Erin stared worriedly at Pisces.
“He’s not dead, is he?”
“He’s undead.”
He sniffed at her. Erin raised a clenched fist threateningly, and Pisces spoke faster.
“What I mean, is that he’s still animated, but I can’t sense his location. I would know if Toren had been uncreated, but I can’t locate him. It’s almost as if…something is interfering with his aura.”
“Magical spike? A concentration of mana?”
Pisces nodded at Ceria.
“Something like that. I could try to get closer, but that would involve a lot of work.”
“Well? What’s stopping you?”
Erin propped her hands on her hips and stared at Pisces. He blinked at her.
“Why would I do that? The skeleton will return sooner or later, regardless of your orders. It is in his nature. Besides, I’m quite hungry. As I said. Would you bring me a menu, or your dish of the day?”
“Of course! Because all I want to do is make food for a mage who brings spiders into my inn and never pays me!”
Erin raised her voice and grabbed at her hair. Pisces was impossible. Ceria punched him in the shoulder and Pisces gave her a hurt look as he rubbed at his shoulder.
“If your skeleton isn’t back by tomorrow I’ll take a look. But I need food to cast magic, and I’ve been sequestered by myself for the last few days. A few hours won’t make any difference. And I am a valued customer. Unless you were expecting other patrons?”
“I thought I’d have hundreds of customers by now! Or at least ten!”
Erin stomped around her inn, wondering what she could get away with serving Pisces that would take the least amount of effort. She pointed furiously out the window at the city.
“I made over four hundred hamburgers yesterday, and not one person’s coming here for another! Why’s that?”
“Hamburger? Interesting. I will try one.”
Olesm coughed into a scaled hand as Erin made a strangled sound.
“I can explain that, Erin.”
She looked at him. The Drake looked apologetic.
“I saw a lot of shopkeepers and vendors on the streets as I was coming here. Only a few were open that early, but all of them were selling those hamburgers.”
“What?”
They’d taken her recipe? Well, it wasn’t her recipe, but it still felt like theft.
Erin stared at Olesm, hurt. That wasn’t fair. Actually, it was. Erin didn’t own the hamburger recipe and it was really easy to make, but it still felt wrong. Ryoka had warned her. Erin just hadn’t expected the copying to happen overnight.
“But I’ve got more than just hamburgers! I’ve got other food I’m totally ready to make.”
“Really? I’ll sample all of it for you and give you my considered opinion.”
