2.16
Page 4
The small spider scuttled off his face and onto the ground. It sped towards Olesm and the Drake yelped and toppled out of his chair. But the spider ignored him. It sped up a table leg and crawled underneath the bottom of the table to reach the top. There it paused, silently facing Olesm.
“Spider! Squash it!”
Ceria caught Erin as she raised the chessboard to smush the horrible thing. The half-Elf held her back as Pisces got back up off the ground.
“Don’t hurt it! It’s my creation!”
“What?”
Pisces was breathing hard. He shakily pointed at the spider as it stayed stock still, facing him.
“It’s dead. Undead, to be precise.”
Erin stared. As instinctive fear left her, she realized what Pisces was saying.
“No. You made an undead spider?”
Pisces gestured at the small spider as if it were something to be proud of.
“I may be the first [Necromancer] in years to master the animation of a species without bone. I even learned a new Skill. And leveled!”
For a few seconds, Erin debated hitting him, or the spider. Then she gave up and just accepted this as horrible reality.
She looked at the spider. It was quite small, now that she wasn’t staring at it close-up. That didn’t make it better.
It looked like the spiders you heard about in Australia or the Amazon, the ones which could kill in a single bite. It had a black body, but red crimson chitin plating its legs.
That was right. This spider looked like it had armor on its body, not just carapace. Erin shuddered. It stared up at her without moving, just like any other undead. But it was a spider. That made everything far worse.
“Okay. You’ve officially made the most horrible thing in existence. Undead spiders. Good for you. Now take it out of my inn.”
Pisces blinked at her. He gestured again at his spider.
“But it’s my latest creation. It’s a marvel. It—”
“Take. It. Out. Or I’ll squash it.”
Pieces stared at Erin. Then he scowled and pointed. Instantly, the undead spider leapt off the table and scuttled out the open door. Erin closed the door behind it and shuddered.
“Can’t I have anyone normal visit my inn for once?”
Pisces found an overturned chair, considered it, and took one that was already upright instead. Erin glared as she righted the overturned chair.
“Well, I believe my efforts have been noticed. I would like a meal, if you please. I’m quite famished.”
It was a strange thing. Both Erin and Ceria eyed Pisces at the same time, and both could tell the other was thinking of smacking him on the back of the head. That made them smile.
Olesm looked like he would have enjoyed throwing a few chess pieces at the mage as he gathered them up. But he held himself back. Instead, he sat at the table and reset the board as he spoke.
“I don’t see why a spider is that impressive. True, it’s a unique form of Necromancy, but is it more impressive than an army of zombies?”
Pisces sniffed. He splayed his hands on the table and looked pointedly at the kitchen. Erin ignored the look.
“It’s more of a revelation that Necromancy can be applied to more unusual corpse types than anything else at the moment. Animated spiders would only be useful for ambushes or reconnaissance in the military context. Bone and flesh is easier to use, but it’s the improvement I wished to bring to your attention.”
He nodded at Erin.
“As you might recall, you questioned me about the possibility of using non-humanoid remains to create undead. I took up your challenge, and thus the fruits of my labor were made manifest.”
Erin vaguely remembered needling Pisces about that. She regretted ever bringing the topic up.
