2.16
Page 6
“I’m sorry, Erin. But that’s how it works. You have a really good idea, and the others decided to copy you. They’ve got your recipe down quite well. The only thing they haven’t managed to figure out is how to make the red and white stuff.”
Mayonnaise and ketchup. At least Erin still had that, although the two condiments were such a pain to make it didn’t make her feel any better. She slumped into a chair and sighed.
“Great. So much for a full house tonight.”
“Sorry about that, Erin. If it helps, I think you’ll still have Relc and Klbkch tonight. And probably some of the Antinium too.”
Ceria patted Erin on the back. Erin nodded. It was good that she had a customer base, but her hopes had been dashed.  She’d really thought she had something special.
“…Alright. I guess I can make a stupid cheeseburger or something.”
Pisces raised a finger.
“This ‘hamburger’ interests me more, actually. I prefer meat.”
“It’s the same thing!”
 
—-
 
Erin had slapped together a fast cheeseburger and served it to an appreciative Pisces when she started to feel a bit better. She sat down with Olesm and Ceria, listening to the mage’s appreciative noises and thought today might not be that bad.
True, it was a disappointment about the customers, but—
Someone knocked on the door to her inn. Erin’s eyes widened and she stopped beating Olesm in chess to smile at the Drake.
“Aha! See? First customer of the day.”
He blinked at her as Erin raised her voice.
“Come in!”
The door opened. But instead of the Drake or Gnoll that Erin expected, a human stepped into her inn. He shook some snow off his shoes and stepped into the room.
“Good day. I’m looking for a Drake named Olesm. He wouldn’t happen to be in here, would he?”
“What?”
Olesm looked up from his game of chess as the young man who’d entered spotted him. In a few steps he was at Erin and Olesm’s table.
Erin blinked up at the guy, so surprised that she nearly didn’t wonder how he’d moved so fast. He was a human? A human guy?
Yes, he was a normal human being. He had tanned skin, black hair, and a slightly crooked nose. He was dressed in traveling attire, and he looked like he was in great shape.
Olesm stood up.
“I’m Olesm. Um, are you some kind of messenger?”
“I’m a Courier from First Landing. I’ve got a delivery for the best chess player in the city of Liscor. Would that be you?”
The Drake’s eyes went wide, and he looked from the Courier to Erin.
“A Courier? That’s—I mean, yes, I am the best chess player in Liscor, but Erin here is far better than I am. What’s this about?”
“I’ve got a package. It’s got no listed recipient, but the instructions I was given were to deliver this to whoever recognizes this drawing.”
The Courier fished in his pocket, and pulled something out. Everyone in the room stared at a worn, faded, piece of parchment. Erin recognized it instantly as he unfolded it.
The ink had run in places from water stains, and someone had spilled something orange on a corner of the parchment, but on one side she saw a simple chess puzzle, with her listed solution on the back.
On the other side, a complex little chess game she’d once struggled with had been solved in four moves. Olesm took the piece of paper from the Courier and inspected the scribbled lines next to the puzzle with shaking claws.
“It’s…correct. Correct! I struggled for over a week on this one. Someone else figured it out?”
“Ah, so you are the creator of this…thing?”
The Courier lifted a thick, wrapped bundle out of the rucksack on his back. Olesm blinked at him and shook his head swiftly.
