2.16
Page 11
The inn’s glass windows were full of warmth and light when Ryoka finally found it. For a few minutes she just leaned against the wall of the inn, too exhausted to do anything else. Then the tantalizing smell and heat from inside called to her, and she pushed the door open.
The room was beautifully warm, and the instant Ryoka entered, she saw a familiar face. Ceria sat at one table, smiling and laughing with Olesm. Pisces sat across from them, munching on a familiar food. Erin sat at a table and laughed with Val—
Val.
Ryoka stopped in her tracks as Erin got to her feet. The Courier inclined his head at her and said something apologetically. She waved it away as she walked towards the kitchen.
“Another hamburger? Coming right up!”
Ryoka stared at Val as he leaned back in his chair and sighed happily. He had several empty plates on the table, and he looked like he’d been in the inn for quite a while.
He looked towards the open door, and saw Ryoka. Instantly, Val smiled.
“Ryoka? What a surprise! I didn’t expect to see you here! Did you just get in?”
Everyone in the room looked up at the sound of her name. Erin halted in her tracks, and beamed.
“Ryoka!”
Ceria got to her feet, and so did Olesm. Ryoka walked slowly forwards as her friends approached.
Erin went to hug Ryoka or do something friendly, but then she halted a few feet away from the running girl. Olesm sneezed, Erin coughed, and Ceria leaned away from Ryoka. She couldn’t blame them.
She stank.
“Sorry. I just got here. Ran all night.”
Ryoka knew she was drenched in sweat, melted snow, and not a bit of mud. But Erin waved at her face and smiled anyways.
“Wow, that’s fast! Here, take a seat and I’ll get you some food. And a towel. Do you want a drink? I’ve got this alcoholic drink I bought from Krshia…”
Ryoka sat at the table opposite Val and stared at him. Erin hesitated.
“By the way Ryoka, this is another Runner. A Courier, actually. His name is—”
“Val. We’ve met.”
“You have? That’s so weird!”
Val nodded. He didn’t seem bothered by Ryoka’s pong.
“We just met in a city north of here. Ryoka actually helped me find my way here. But I didn’t think we’d meet in this inn. You’ll never believe this, Ryoka, but it turns out my destination was here all along. I was delivering it to this innkeeper, Miss Erin.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah, it was a chessboard!”
Erin excitedly pointed to the chessboard in the corner of the room.
“I guess it was because I sent this puzzle to someone. And they gave me a chessboard. Well—it’s not that amazing, but it’s cool that we all know each other!”
“Oh?”
Ryoka’s face was completely blank. Erin blinked at her, but Val leaned over to her.
“I think Ryoka would do better with some food and drink in her. Water, not alcohol.”
“Oh, right! You must be starving! Coming right up!”
She was so tired Ryoka didn’t even question the hamburger. But she did nearly tear up, especially when she bit into it.
A proper hamburger. Not crap fast food. She ate two before she even realized what was happening and drank six glasses of water. Slowly—the food she’d take, but she had no intention of vomiting in this new inn.
“…And then they gave me windows, see?”
Erin was finishing explaining how her inn had moved from its previous location. It was a disjointed explanation, but Ryoka got the gist. Exploding inns? She had no idea what to make of that.
“Well, I am glad to have discovered this inn. I’ve never tasted food like this. I’d love to take the recipe back up north. I’m sure the innkeepers up there would love to learn it.”
