2.16
Page 3
“Sounds awful. And there’ll be more things like that Skinner?”
“The tombs were more like a non-magical dungeon, despite the undead. So, no. The rest of the dungeons might be far worse.”
Erin shuddered.
“Is there any good news?”
Olesm shook his head, but only because Erin was about to checkmate him.
“Maybe. It could be good for business. When adventurers hear there’s a huge dungeon here, they’re going to flood into the city.”
“I thought they did. Then they ran away.”
“Those were Bronze and Silver-rank adventurers. But a confirmed magical dungeon this old? It’s going to pull in Named Adventurers and Gold-rank adventurers, possibly even from other continents.”
“Whoa. Sounds good. And bad.”
“Mhm. Am I in checkmate?”
“In two moves you are.”
Olesm sighed and tipped over his king. He looked at the board sadly and shook his head.
“I thought the few levels I gained would make a difference, but that’s not the case.”
“You’re getting better.”
Erin reassured the Drake. She glanced out one of her lovely glass windows and frowned at the sky. It was getting light outside.
“Hm. Odd. I thought I’d get a few more visitors by now.”
“Visitors? Do you mean the Antinium? Or the Goblins?”
“No, I meant visitors. Guests. People I don’t know who want to buy lots of food and give me money.”
Erin sighed. She glanced out the window. The city was visible in the distance, but she didn’t see any people heading her way.
“You see, I was selling those hamburgers all yesterday and I was sure everyone would come rushing here tomorrow to buy more. But maybe they’re all not hungry? Or still sleeping?”
Olesm fidgeted as he reset the board.
“Oh. About that…”
Someone pushed open the door. Erin turned around, beaming.
“Hello, welcome! Come in and—oh. It’s you.”
Pisces kicked snow in from outside as he stumbled into the warm room. He looked around distractedly, and then lurched over to Erin.
“Ah. There you are. Your inn moved. Why did it move?”
Erin scowled at him and wondered if this was a sign of how her day would be. Pisces was not her favorite guest. In fact, she’d prefer to have almost anyone in her inn but him.
But she paused and reconsidered as Pisces approached. He seemed thinner than normal, and his robes were even dirtier than normal. When had she last seen him? A day ago?
No—not since they’d come out of the Ruins with Ceria. Normally Pisces appeared at her inn every other day at the minimum. Where had he been?
The mage’s messy hair was a sparrow’s nest, and his eyes were bloodshot. But he was grinning manically as he approached. He held something clasped between both hands, and Erin eyed it warily.
“Pisces. Why are you here?”
“I’ve just made a tremendous—no, exceptional achievement in the field of necromancy. I have formulated a new branch of magic, by myself.”
He glanced around and only now seemed to notice Ceria and Olesm.
“Ah. Springwalker. Drake. Greetings.”
Ceria raised one eye at Pisces. She didn’t seem surprised by his disheveled state.
“Pisces. What madness have you cooked up this time?”
Erin wasn’t sure she wanted to know. But Pisces was clearly eager to show her. He opened his hands.
“Behold!”
He lifted one hand to show Erin what was on his palm. Erin blinked down at something small and—crawly?
“Gyaaah! Spider!”
She flipped his hand up and the spider landed on Pisces’ face. He screamed.
“Get it off!”
