2.16
Page 12
Val sighed as he rested his hands over his full stomach. Erin smiled crookedly.
“It can’t hurt to tell you, I guess.”
There was something behind her words, but Ryoka’s head felt like static. She was full, and dog-tired, but she had another thought as she looked at Pisces and Ceria, arguing over something in the corner.
“I’ve got a problem.”
Everyone looked at her, and Ryoka realized she shouldn’t have blurted it out. But it was too late now. Ryoka’s exhausted mind couldn’t handle subtleties, only the thing that had bugged her all the way here.
“Can you tell if someone’s cast a mind-altering spell on me?”
She addressed that comment to Pisces and Ceria. The two mages blinked and exchanged a glance, and then came over to sit at their table.
“Mind magic? What, did someone hit you with something, Ryoka?”
“Maybe. I don’t know. Can you test me?”
It was just something the faeries had said. But the only people Ryoka even remotely trusted were the two in front of her. Ceria and Pisces exchanged another look and nodded. They were oddly in synch at times.
“There’s an easy way to tell, although it’s odd. Normally, a spell that messes with the head will remain concealed until the victim is aware of it. And naturally the magic prevents them from realizing something’s off. But if you think there’s a spell on you, this should work.”
Ceria explained as she raised her hand. Her fingertips were glowing green. Across from her, Pisces closed his eyes as his fingertips glowed blue.
“[Detect Magic].”
Pisces and Ceria cast the spell at the same time and glared at each other. The room suddenly lit up.
Ryoka and Erin gasped as Val suddenly exploded in colors like a Christmas tree. Magical auras swirled around him, concentrating on spots about his person. His pockets, places at his belt—
“Tree rot. You were right, Ryoka!”
Ceria pointed at Ryoka. She looked around, and noticed a shining coming from her as well. It was hard to see, but there was something…swirling around her head? Something bright, like a halo of smog. Erin stared at it.
“Hey! Your belt is glowing too!”
It was true. Some of the potions on Ryoka’s belt were glowing faintly, but one of them—the orange-pink potion Teriarch had given her was shining with light. Val whistled.
“There’s some magic here.”
Pisces and Ceria had their own aura of glowing colors as well. In fact, only Erin and Olesm were without their aura of colors. The inn was full of magical auras shining from different locations. Val, Ryoka, Ceria, the chessboard, Pisces…
“Well, there’s something strong affecting you, that’s certain.”
Both mages canceled their spell and the inn faded back into the normal range of colors. Everything suddenly seemed drab and ordinary. Ceria stared at Ryoka’s head, and shook her head.
“You’re enchanted. And with something so powerful that I don’t know that I can do anything about it. Sorry, Ryoka.”
“I know I can’t do anything about that.”
Pisces sat back in his chair, wide-eyed. He took Val’s drink and drained it.
“That’s Tier…6 magic? Tier 7? Who did you anger so to make them use that on you?”
“I have an idea. Damn.”
Ryoka sighed, frustrated but vindicated. She was right. And maybe the faeries were…nah. It couldn’t be. But how could they tell?
Val frowned at Ryoka, and then fished in his pockets.
“You’re just full of surprises, aren’t you? Hold on; here. Take this.”
He took something out of his pocket and showed it to Ryoka and the room.
“I’ve got a powerful charm I use to ward against that kind of magic. It’s worth several thousand gold pieces, so it should remove anything that’s affecting you.”
