2.16
Page 1
The Queen did, and in more ways than just what Klbkch said. She knew he was keeping a secret from her regarding the human known as Erin Solstice. She did not care. Klbkch was loyal and if she did not trust him implicitly, he would not have lived past the day. He just irritated her sometimes. But then, they’d been a pair, the two of them, for longer than she could remember. It was just their way.
“The new one, Ksmvr. He struggles to take up your mantle.”
“Is that surprising? He is new. Give him time.”
“I would have killed him for his failure before.”
“He did not know. I have rectified his thinking. And a Prognugator is needed in the Hive.”
“Mm.”
The Queen shifted. There was much she didn’t like about the current situation. That was odd, considering that they had finally achieved part of the Antinium’s dream.
“What else goes on in the world above?”
Klbkch nodded. He paused, thinking. A Worker would never pause, and neither would a Soldier. But neither truly thought. Thought was something the Queen had learned to value above all else. She waited, patiently.
“The Listeners to the south also report a group of Gnoll warriors heading towards the city. They are led by a high-level warrior, and all belong to the Silverfang Tribe.”
“Interesting. The same tribe as before? Gazi the Omniscient slew the last group of warriors. What merits such great need that they would risk a second party?”
“Erin Solstice, perhaps. Or maybe a confluence of events.”
“Hrm. See to it they do not disturb the plan.”
“Yes.”
“Anything else?”
“The Listeners report a Courier has come delivering a package from the north. He is already in the city, asking after the Drake named Olesm.”
“At least this does not involve Erin Solstice.”
Klbkch paused again, and then, for the first time in years, the Queen heard humor in his voice.
“Not quite, milady. He asks after the best chess player in the city. He believes that is Olesm, but…”
The Queen shifted in her spot in the cavern, moving her bloated body. Her voice rose, and the Soldiers standing guard at the entrance to her room stirred.
“Why does the world turn upon one small human? What makes her unique!?”
The wrath of his ruler did not faze Klbkch, and his voice cut through her ire as he raised it.
“Perhaps because she is part of a grander picture, my Queen. One I have not put together yet, but it includes Erin Solstice. And she is not alone. Ryoka Griffin, Erin Solstice…they are pieces. I believe they are connected with the other anomalies found by the Hives.”
That stopped his Queen. She paused, and took in the silent messages he sent her across the telepathic link.
“It must be discussed. Find out more. I will speak with the others. In the meantime, others come from three Hives. They will wish to see the Abber—the Individuals. Ensure all five come to no harm.”
“With your permission, I will send them to the inn—under guard—with other Workers to continue learning to play chess.”
“Do so. Do what you must, Klbkch. I will keep the affairs of the Hive in order, regardless of what must be done above.”
“Thank you, my Queen.”
She sighed. She’d lost her closest confidant, her second feeler and her blade and shield. Her duties weighed on her more heavily.
But. But this was a time of change. A time of glorious revelation and success. She could feel it in her core. Just a little longer, and perhaps…
“They will be here soon. Do what can be done with this innkeeper until then.”
“Yes.”
There was nothing left to be said. The Queen raised a languid feeler and paused. A final thought made her speak.
