2.16
Page 8
“It must be from whoever sent that puzzle in the first place! Open it, Erin!”
“If it’s not too much trouble, I’d like to see what it is as well. I’ve come a long way and the curiosity is eating away at me.”
Erin blinked at Val, and then nodded.
“Of course. Sure! First Landing…that’s far, right?”
Pisces snorted and Ceria laughed. Val looked amused.
“Very far.”
“Well, um, have a seat if you want. This is an inn. Right, it’s an inn and I’m the innkeeper. I can get you food and I have a bed if you’re tired. Just as soon as I…”
Erin carried the package over to a table next to the one Pisces was at. The mage stood up, and he and Ceria walked over as Olesm and Val stared at the unassuming package.
Erin held her breath as she undid the black ribbon and pulled away the brown fabric. What could it be? She barely remembered sending the chess puzzle out, but someone had spent lots of money to send her something back? What could it be?
The last of the fabric fell away to reveal what was within. Everyone crowded closer to look, and then stared. Olesm’s face fell, and Erin felt disappointed.
It was…a chessboard. Just a chess board. It was made of gloriously smooth wood, and there was a deep richness to the set that made Erin think that she was holding something worth thousands of dollars in her world, but it was just a chess board.
It didn’t even have any pieces with it.
For a second, everyone stared at the chess board, and then Pisces snorted and went back to his hamburger. Erin stared down at the carved piece of wood, disappointed and even more confused than before.
“What’s this? It’s just a chess board. Why would anyone send me that?”
Ceria poked the board and shrugged.
“It looks nice. That’s quite a nice grain of wood there. A solid piece of Afzelia if I’m not mistaken.”
Erin had no idea what that was, but it sounded expensive. Even so, the chess board mystified her.
“What good is a chess board without pieces, huh?”
That was sort of the point. You didn’t need a chess board—the pieces were what mattered. You could play on the ground with lines drawn in the dirt if you had the pieces. But what good was a board?
Olesm scratched the spines on his head.
“Maybe it’s a gift to whoever made such a good puzzle?”
That made sense, but Erin wasn’t sure.
“It was just a puzzle. It wasn’t that hard. I know a lot more that are even worse.”
Olesm’s tail sagged.
“What? Really? But I worked so hard on it!”
Erin bit her tongue and tried to take back her words.
“I don’t mean it’s easy. No—you did a great job, Olesm! It’s just that I don’t get why anyone would spend this much money sending something just for a chess puzzle.”
“Some rich folks are like that. It could just be a gift of appreciation.”
Val nodded at the chess board, and Erin jumped to remember he was still there. He frowned at the board.
“It doesn’t explain why the sender was in such a hurry to get it here, but I suppose some people are simply impatient. But there was no request for a reply, just a confirmation of delivery.”
Was that curious? Erin thought so. What was the point of sending a chess puzzle if you didn’t send another, even harder one back? That was how it was supposed to go, and she was really looking forward to a dialogue. Back in her world, she’d done that with several people online…
The Courier shrugged, and rolled his shoulders, cracking his neck gently.
“Well, it’s a mystery. But I’m glad I was able to find you. I searched the entire city for the better part of an hour before I was told Olesm might be in this inn. And then the inn turned out to be in a different spot than I was told.”
