2.16
Page 7
“Me? No, I barely solved it. Erin’s the one who made the puzzle.”
He pointed at Erin and she blinked and turned red as the Courier turned to her. He was taller than her by a good few inches, and he scrutinized her hard.
“My apologies. You’re the creator of the puzzle? My name is Valceif. Val. I was told to deliver this to you.”
“Me? Oh, I’m Erin. Erin Solstice. I uh, did make that, but I didn’t expect anything in return. Just…a letter, not anything else. What’s this about?”
“I really couldn’t say, Miss Erin. I’m simply a Courier. Someone put a generous request up for priority delivery to whoever sent this piece of paper. I’m supposed to give it to you, if you did make it.”
“I did. But…what is it?”
Val glanced down at something in his left hand.
“Hm. You’re not lying, so that makes you my recipient.”
He offered her the package, but Erin was still metaphorically ten feet behind the conversation. She blinked at his hand.
“How do you know I wasn’t lying? Is that a Skill?”
Val shook his head. The Courier opened his palm, and showed Erin a clear bit of quartz hanging from a leather cord. The clear stone was glowing yellow.
“Just a gem with a [Detect Truth] spell enchanted on it. Standard-issue for Couriers.”
“A Courier? That’s like a super-important Runner, right?”
He smiled, briefly.
“Some might say so. We’re just more competent than City Runners, that’s all. We do long-distance deliveries that are too important to entrust to anyone else. Someone paid a lot of gold to get this to you, Erin. I’d be pleased if you took it off my hands.”
She reached out for the package, and then hesitated.
“What should I do? I don’t have any Seals on me! You need one, right?”
He shook his head.
“It’s fine. Couriers use a different system than City Runners and Street Runners.”
He held up the wrapped package, and for the first time Erin noticed something odd about it. The object had been wrapped in layers of some kind of brown canvas fabric, but a black ribbon bound the object together. And in the center of the ribbon, a strange runic stone was embedded.
It glowed with black light. Ceria whistled and Pisces looked up from his meal to stare at the strange object. Val tapped it gently.
“This is a Courier’s Seal. It will record this location, your faces and identities, and the time I completed my request. Any mage will be able to ensure I delivered my package to the right recipient this way.”
“Oh. So—so it’s going to take a picture of me?”
“Something like that. Just place your hand on the seal, and it will do the rest. Don’t worry; it won’t hurt you.”
That didn’t sound reassuring, but Val was insistent, and Erin was intensely curious. Gingerly, she put her palm on the stone.
The black light glowing from the stone turned immediately white. Erin snatched her hand back, but the stone didn’t do anything else. It just fell off the ribbon, and Val caught it as the package began to unravel slightly.
“My delivery has been completed. Thank you.”
“Um, you’re welcome. I mean, thanks!”
Erin took the wrapped object and looked at it, at a total loss. It wasn’t that heavy—it felt rectangular and hard under her hands. She looked at Ceria desperately.
“What should I do. What is this?”
The half-Elf shrugged. She stared intently at the package. Even the Courier seemed interested. He coughed into his hand.
“You’re free to dispose of the package, but it’s nothing dangerous. The mage at my Guild would have detected that. It’s a delivery to you.”
“Well then…should I open it?”
Olesm nodded eagerly. He stared at the piece of parchment in his claws and then at the package.
