2.16
Page 13
“Oh! I know those!”
Erin peered excitedly at the charm dangling from Val’s hand. Ryoka recognized the object as well. It was a dreamcatcher, a circle in which someone had woven threads together in a symmetrical shape, like a spider’s web.
The only difference here was that this dreamcatcher was a far smaller version of the ones Ryoka and Erin had seen – barely longer than a thumb. And the frame was made of metal, not wood. But the threads were beautiful, each one a shimmering line of color that made a tantalizing pattern in the center of the charm.
“Here. Just put it against your head and it will dispel any magic on you.”
Val handed the dreamcatcher to Ryoka, and she looked at it dubiously.
“Are you sure?”
He shrugged.
“It’s not a one-use item, and if you’re enchanted, you’ll need something powerful to remove it. Consider it a favor from one Runner to another.”
“Huh. Uh, thanks.”
As soon as she accepted it, the small charm began buzz. Val nodded.
“You’re under the effects of something.”
Ryoka lifted it up, and suddenly the buzzing became a low whine. Val frowned.
“It shouldn’t be making that sound. Wait a—”
Too late. Ryoka pressed the charm against her head. She felt the metal warm, and then it cooled. Ryoka lowered the charm, and stared at it, bemused.
“I don’t know if anything hap—”
Something clicked in her head. It was like Ryoka suddenly going through déjà vu, only a thousand times stronger. She blinked. Memory, forgotten memory rushed into her head. Along with a word.
One word, echoing in her head.
Dragon.
The whine coming from the dreamcatcher suddenly turned into a shriek. Olesm clapped his hands over his ears and Pisces and Ceria ducked.
The dreamcatcher exploded, throwing Ryoka backwards. Val moved like a whirlwind, and Erin gasped as fiery fragments disappeared inches from her face.
Ryoka was catapulted over the top of a table, knocking Pisces’s empty plate off. She crashed hard to the ground as porcelain shattered under her, and felt something wrench in her shoulder.
“Ryoka! Are you okay?”
Erin crouched next to Ryoka, peering anxiously at her friend’s face. Ryoka was alright, albeit bruised and dazed. But she didn’t respond right away. Her eyes were flickering. The dreamcatcher had worked.
She remembered. She remembered everything.
 

