2.17
Page 5
Erin said that as she refilled both Runners’ glasses. Olesm nodded, but Val shrugged.
“There’s a different kind of currency among high-level classes. Once you get past Level 30, you become one of…a thousand on the continent? Something like that. Your skills become in such high demand that you’ll earn more money than anyone else. And of course anyone with a class that involves managing land or selling or buying goods earns thousands of gold coins each month.”
Ryoka had to shake her head, although the parallel to her world wasn’t that far off. Erin sighed wistfully at the thought of all that money and then took a seat at Val’s table, smiling at him.
“Well, I’m happy you came here. Unlike some people, you pay for your food and you also helped Ryoka. So anytime you want to come back here for a night or to eat food, I’ll be happy to serve you.”
Val looked regretful.
“I doubt you’ll see me in the near future. I don’t often get deliveries this far south.”
“Really? But you’re a Courier. Don’t you go everywhere?”
“To an extent. But my area’s usually around First Landing. This is far, even for me. In truth, I’m surprised I was called on to do this delivery. Normally there’s another Runner who makes the run around here, but apparently he was busy due to some problem with the undead in the area.”
“Another Courier?”
That was the first Ryoka had heard of this. She wondered if it were a Drake or a Gnoll. Val nodded, and gestured to the window facing Liscor with one thumb.
“He’s a Beastkin named Hawk. I’ve met him a few times. He’s fast enough to get to First Landing and back. I don’t know why he didn’t take it, but apparently there’s been some trouble with the undead around here so he couldn’t.”
Hawk? Ryoka didn’t know the name either, but Erin did. Her eyes widened.
“Oh, I met him just yesterday! He’s so cute!”
Ryoka blinked at Erin. Cute?
Val laughed loudly, and nodded a few times.
“Hah! He is, isn’t he? Just don’t say that to his face. Hawk is even better at fighting than I am, and he gets touchy when us humans make fun of him.”
“But he is. I mean, he also eats meat. Isn’t that weird?”
“Why? He’s not like an animal rabbit, and don’t Drakes eat lizards?”
Val and Erin glanced over at Olesm. The Drake was trying to teach Ceria how to play chess, but when he heard that he looked around, an uncharacteristic scowl on his face.
“We’re not lizards!”
“Sorry!”
Val raised a hand and turned back to his conversation with Erin.
“In truth, I’m surprised I was needed at all. This place has two people with a Courier’s speed. One’s Hawk, the other I know of only by reputation. You haven’t heard of him, have you? He’s known as the Gecko by some of the Couriers who’ve met him.”
“Gecko? Like a lizard?”
Olesm’s shoulders hunched. Erin threw a rolled up cloth napkin at his head and it bounced off.
“I’m not talking about Drakes!”
She looked at Val and Ryoka and shook her head.
“I’ve never heard of someone named Gecko either. Weird. There’s all these famous people in Liscor that I don’t know about.”
“Well, perhaps he—or she—is only famous to Runners. I suppose other people wouldn’t care as much.”
“Hm. Well, you know, Ryoka’s a really fast Runner. I bet you she could be a Courier too!”
Ryoka and Val looked at Erin, and Ryoka felt her cheeks heating up. She opened her mouth, but Val cut in.
“A Courier needs a lot of experience. Maybe someday, but right now I’d still call her one of the fastest City Runners I’ve ever met. Which is even more impressive since she doesn’t have any levels.”
