2.17
Page 10
“Oh my god. You’ve got Pokémon on here? That’s awesome!”
Her cheeks lit up. Ryoka was tempted to snatch the iPhone back, but it was too late. She gritted her teeth.
“It was a phase. I put lot of songs on there as a kid and a teen. I don’t listen to them anymore.”
That was a flat-out lie, but Ryoka would be dead and rotting before she admitted to listening to some of the songs she had on her iPhone. She’d gone through a lot of phases she wasn’t proud of.
“Oh man. This is just—”
At least Erin was happy. Ryoka saw her face light up, and realized she should have given Erin the iPhone a long time ago. She’d taken it for granted and listened to the music sometimes before she slept or as she ran, but Erin had nothing from their world. Ryoka took a seat as Erin closed her eyes and smiled.
Ceria eyed the earbuds in Erin’s ears with interest. They were sports gear, which meant they could stick in the ears even when Ryoka was running over rough terrain. They didn’t leak much sound, but Ryoka saw the half-Elf’s head tilt and her ears twitch ever so slightly.
“That’s so odd.”
Pisces was listening too. He had one finger touching his earlobe, and Ryoka saw a glowing blue aura around the tip of his finger and ear. She scowled, but both mages seemed to be having trouble listening to the faint audio that was making Erin smile.
Olesm and Selys looked at the mages and at Erin with clear interest, but they could hear nothing. Olesm prodded Erin gently.
“What is it? Can I hear?”
Erin looked startled, but then she nodded.
“Oh yeah, sure. This thing has speakers, right Ryoka?”
“That’s not a good—”
Ryoka trailed off and gave up. Ceria had already seen it once anyways. And besides…
“Sure. Yeah. Go ahead.”
Erin pulled the headphones out of the jack and the iPhone immediately began playing. Ryoka heard “Hey There Delilah” playing quietly in the silence.
The four guests in the inn froze. They each reacted differently.
Ceria’s eyes went wide as she heard the strange music she had listened to once before. Memory flashed in her eyes, and her eyes filled with tears and she took a seat. Ceria closed her eyes and remembered.
Olesm stared at the iPhone, mouth open, showing rows of sharp teeth. He listened with innocent wonder and his tail slowly began to wag to the sound of the gentle beat.
Selys blinked a few times, and then she took a seat, listening hard to the lyrics and closing her eyes.
Pisces—he stared out the window at the fading light in the sky without saying a word. He brushed at his eyes as the song ended.
And Erin and Ryoka listened and forgot for a moment they were in this world. Both girls felt pricking at their eyes. Erin wiped hers with her sleeve, and Ryoka just shook her head.
“Is there a way to make it louder? The volume’s maxed out, but…”
Erin trailed off as she clicked through the settings. Ryoka didn’t have a good solution besides buying a pair of speakers, but Pisces reached for the iPhone.
“A simple problem. Allow me.”
He tapped the metallic casing of the iPhone and whispered a spell.
“[Amplify Sound].”
Suddenly, the iPhone was loud enough to fill the entire room. Erin jumped, and then grinned as she stared down at the iPhone.
“Whoa. That’s so much better than speakers.”
Ryoka stared at her phone, suddenly very interested.
“How long does that spell last?”
It might be a terrible idea to play music while running in dangerous spots, but on the open road…Pisces raised one hand upwards and shrugged.
“I may be able to prolong the spell for several days with sufficient remuneration.”
“I can learn that spell in less than a day.”
