2.17
Page 6
“Well—I guess. But Ryoka’s good! Can you give her a hand? Like, I dunno, talk to people about giving her a test or something?”
Val rubbed at his chin thoughtfully and nodded.
“If you’d like to try becoming a Courier, I could try and get some Runners Guilds to give her some long-distance requests. Ryoka, what do you think?”
Val looked at Ryoka. She blinked at the table, slowly.
“Mm.”
Both Val and Erin looked at Ryoka and realized the girl was falling asleep right on top of her food. Ryoka’s head was so full of static she barely heard the two changing seats. The stamina potion had worn off, and all she wanted to do…was…sleep…
Ryoka’s head came down. Her face smushed into the burger and she sat up quick. What time was it?
The sun was still out, and Val was still in the inn. But he was standing by the door, talking to Erin.
“This is a nice place, and your food is unique. I’ll do some shopping around the city and come back here tonight. Unless you’re expecting a crowd?”
Erin made a face.
“I was, but it turns out everyone in the city’s making hamburgers but me. Come on over and I’ll have tons of good food, okay?”
“I wouldn’t mind more of those fried potato things. Even if you’re only serving hamburgers, I’ll be back.”
“I’m going to make Philly cheese steaks!”
“Why does everything you make have the word ‘cheese’ in it? Cheeseburgers, cheese steaks…I mean, cheese isn’t the main part of it, so why…?”
Olesm scratched at his spines. He looked around for support and found none.
Val opened the door as he gave Erin a salute with two fingers, and then recoiled. Several Frost Faeries were hanging outside the door, laughing. Val eyed them warily.
“I hate those things. They plague me on runs and I can’t lose them no matter how fast I go.”
 
“Hah! The slow manling thinks he can lose us? What a joke!”
 
Val ducked as a snowball sailed through the inn’s doorway and knocked all of the chess pieces off the board Olesm and Ceria were using. Amid the Drake’s anguished cry, he ducked out of the inn, running fast towards Liscor with the faeries in hot pursuit.
Erin propped her hands on her hips and shook her head as she stared out the window.
“We’ve got to do something about those faeries. They’re really mean. You won’t believe what they did to me earlier, Ryoka. Ryoka?”
Ryoka’s head was lolling, but she jerked upright and looked at Erin.
“What?”
“…Nevermind. You know, I’ve got a lot of beds upstairs if you want to sleep. We can talk later.”
“—No. No, I’ll stay awake until tonight.”
If she slept now, Ryoka would never get to sleep tonight, and she didn’t fancy staying up for 24 hours in a row just to fix the problem. She scowled, and pinched herself hard.
“I’ll be fine. What are you going to do?”
Erin shrugged and stared at the position of the sun in the sky.
“I was planning on opening the inn all day, but since no one’s coming…I guess I’ll buy more food for tonight. I want to stock up, and Selys wants to go to the bathhouse together. Want to come? You can meet Krshia and wash…everything…off.”
That sounded good to Ryoka. Not the going to Liscor or meeting the Gnoll part, but a hot bath would be bliss. She nodded.
“Okay.”
She was still exhausted as she and Erin walked into the city, leaving Olesm, Ceria, and Pisces to mind the inn. Erin said she had faith in Ceria to keep the other two out of trouble, and it looked like they were all going to play chess instead. It turned out that [Mages] liked the game almost as much as [Tacticians].
