2.17
Page 9
The bath did do wonders for Ryoka, enough so that she managed to apologize and even add a little to Erin and Selys’ gossip. Not much though; Ryoka just lay back in the warm waters and enjoyed being.
Unfortunately, due to some cosmic fate, it seemed that Erin’s mood was inversely proportional to Ryoka’s own. The instant they got back to her inn and found that no new guests had come by the entire day, the normally upbeat innkeeper lost her good cheer.
Erin stared around her empty inn and threw up her hands in disgust.
“Is every inn, pub, and tavern selling hamburgers tonight?”
Selys nodded as she shook snow off of a travelling cloak.
“Pretty much. Even Peslas is selling them in his inn.”
Erin slumped against a table and put her head down on the smooth wood surface. Ryoka exchanged glances with Selys. She felt she should say something encouraging, as a friend. Something helpful.
But what?
‘Shit happens. Get over it?’
‘At least it’s not raining?’
‘We all die some day, every one of us?’
…No. Ryoka decided not to say anything. Selys patted Erin on the shoulder, and looked around the inn for help.
Pisces just blinked at her, but Olesm piped up. With dreadful forced cheerfulness, he held up a chessboard.
“How about we all play some chess? I’m sure that will make us all feel much better. Ceria and Pisces really like the game as well!”
Ryoka volunteered to play, and Selys was stuck cheering people on since she had no real interest or skill at chess. As it transpired, she and Olesm were better players than the two mages, so both Ryoka and Olesm took on Erin.
Unfortunately, that turned out to be a mistake. Good as they were, even they weren’t close to a match for Erin. She beat them in brutal one-sided matches and then sulked at a table.
Ryoka gave up. She didn’t know how to cheer people up—she barely managed to stay happy herself most of the time. She pulled out her iPhone and stared at it. Then she threw caution to the wind and showed it to Pisces again.
“Can you cast [Repair] on this?”
The mage’s eyes flicked over Ryoka’s iPhone with unconcealed interest and avarice.
“I do know the spell. May I ask what’s wrong with this, ah, device?”
“It’s running out of…it needs mana, I guess you could say. Look, can you fix it?”
“If I do…would you permit me to inspect this object for a few minutes?”
“No. That won’t be possible.”
“Well, if that’s the case…”
Pisces shrugged as if there was nothing he could do. Ryoka ground her teeth, but then Erin spoke up.
“Do it. Or I’ll throw this at you.”
Erin didn’t raise her head, but she was holding a fork. Pisces hesitated. He was clearly thinking of Erin’s uncanny skill at throwing objects. He sniffed.
“Very well. [Repair].”
This time her iPhone didn’t change noticeably, but the screen flickered for just a second. When Ryoka looked again, the battery was at 100%. Perfect.
Ryoka flicked to her songs, but then she noticed Erin was staring at her phone. Right. Erin had told her that she’d left her phone back in her home when she was teleported here.
The look in Erin’s eyes was pure longing. She pointed hesitantly at the iPhone in Ryoka’s hands.
“Can I see it?”
Ryoka hesitated. Normally, her response to anyone touching her iPhone was to lay hands on them in an unfriendly way. She never lent it to anyone. But Erin—Erin was different.
Reluctantly, Ryoka handed the iPhone over.
“Here.”
She couldn’t even say ‘be careful with it’, because it could be repaired with a single spell. But it made Ryoka’s insides twist with embarrassment as she realized Erin was going through her songs.
