2.17
Page 11
Ceria frowned at Pisces and he scowled at her, but Erin still focused on the iPhone. She put a hand on her chin, and then slapped her forehead loud enough to make everyone look at her in concern.
Erin was suddenly excited. She halted the current song and held the iPhone out to Pisces.
“How loud can you make this?”
“How loud would you like it to be?”
“Really loud. Super loud! Loud enough to be heard even in the city.”
Pisces nodded, and frowned as he adjusted the spell, whispering words too quiet to hear. Ryoka eyed her friend.
“Erin. What are you doing?”
Erin turned and grinned at Ryoka.
“Getting customers!”
When she hit the play button on the iPhone, the sound that emerged nearly blew out everyone’s eardrums. Erin clapped her hands over her ears, but she was grinning wildly.
“Perfect! Now you all stay here and I’ll go get some business!”
She ran out of the inn. Ryoka followed her, and saw Erin climbing up to the roof. She shouted at Erin, but the other girl didn’t stop. Erin stood on top of the roof, and opened her mouth.
 
“Hey! It’s music time! Let’s start with a classic!”
 
Ryoka clapped her ears to her head. Erin’s voice was loud! It had to be a Skill—it sounded like Erin was shouting into a megaphone. But then Erin touched the iPhone and Ryoka realized what she was about to do.
The drumbeats that started blasting through the air sounded like air cannons going off. But in a second Ryoka heard the guitar playing chords she knew by heart. Erin took a deep breath, and then she starting singing at the exact same time Kid Rock did.
Ryoka gaped at the ceiling as Erin began singing, perfectly matching the lyrics to the music. The only difference was that Erin changed the lyrics from boy to ‘girl’ and man to—a really fast ‘woman’, which Ryoka entirely approved of. Erin sang along with the song, projecting her voice out across the open plains and towards Liscor.
The sound pulsed through the inn, so loud that Ryoka could feel bass in her bones. She couldn’t wipe the grin off her face, especially when she heard Erin try to sing along with the female chorus.
 
“Whooaaaoh? Wooaaaoh!”
 
Erin belted out the rest of the song until the last note. Ryoka expected her to stop, but Erin just switched to the next song. And then Ryoka heard something that made her blood chill.
No.
Thundering drums. The sounds of jungle wildlife. A cinematic orchestra, straight from the movie trailer Ryoka had ripped the song from.
No. She didn’t. But she did. Erin had the iPhone on shuffle. Ryoka started towards the door, but it was too late.
 
“This one’s from Tarzan! How did the lyrics go? Wait, I remember! Here goes!”
 
Ryoka listened in half-pain, half-amazement as Erin sang along with the song. How the hell did she remember the lyrics? But now Ryoka could practically see Tarzan on the screen in front of her.
As the song ended, Erin shouted down at Ryoka in a slightly-less loud voice.
“Oh hey, you’ve got tons of Disney songs on here!”
Ryoka covered her eyes with one hand. But she couldn’t stop grinning, even so. She remembered the songs right out of her childhood. Erin clicked through the songs, and then Ryoka heard a familiar drumbeat. Erin listened with a grin to the sounds of characters from Mulan falling down, and then her voice echoed off the city walls.
God. She even remembered the parts that weren’t part of the song.
