2.17
Page 0

Ryoka stumbled into the cave, bleeding. Dying. Every step was agony. She felt her sliced flesh and fragments of rock embedded in her skin cutting away at her sanity.
Pain. She didn’t know why she was still moving. But as Ryoka stumbled forwards, the rough stone turned to marble. The room filled with treasures made of gold and magic. 
She left footsteps traced in crimson as she walked forwards, forgetting her hurts for a second. The wonders around her were far more glorious than anything she’d ever seen in a museum. Artwork as beautiful as a Louvre masterpiece hung next to swords that glimmered with magic. Yes, it was in the air.
Magic.
Ryoka felt her heart beating faintly in her chest. She heard rushing wind, but then the cavern wall opened up and her heart did stop.
Because in the center of this cave of miracles was a Dragon.
A Dragon. A massive creature four times the size of a house, slumbering on the cold marble. A creature straight out of myth and dreams. 
Serpent. Wyrm. Drake. Arach. Naga. Ormr. Tanniym. Vovin. Draak. Drage. Draeke.
Dragon.
The massive dragon was sleeping in an open space in the center of the cavern. Ryoka stopped. She stared. His scales shone as the light touched them, so brilliant that her heart ached.
Her eyes filled with tears. Ryoka sank to her knees as her blood covered the marble floor. She didn’t care. It was worth it. This was worth it.
It was worth seeing this before she died.
“Hm. Who’s there?”
His head moved. The dragon opened both eyes and stared down at Ryoka. She gazed into two massive pupils, mismatched colors of heliotrope and cerulean. Celestial lights shimmered within the moving pupils.
For a moment, Ryoka understood magic. She gazed into the center of it; the reason why it could exist. A fragment of the truth. A piece of forever. A dragon’s eye.
Her eyes rolled back up in her head. Ryoka fell forwards and her nose broke as she toppled onto the floor.
The Dragon grumbled deep in his throat. He looked around, and tsked at the blood trail.
“I’m going to have to clean that up as well, aren’t I? And fix the nose. And use a memory spell. Honestly, this is why humans are…”
 
—-
 
She remembered.
“Awaken, human.”
Ryoka opened her eyes. She sat up at once and felt no pain. She was healed? Healed! How?
It was a miracle. But then Ryoka noticed the old man standing in front of her. Long white robes covered a body only lightly touched by age. His mismatched eyes gazed down at her as he gestured at her.
“Rise, human.”
Ryoka stood up. She couldn’t help it. She gaped at the old man who had pointed ears and flawless features.
“Mm. You must be exhausted from your travels. I confess; it was unusual for me to find one in such bad shape. But I have healed your wounds. I presume you are the Courier I requested?”
Ryoka blinked. She stared open-mouthed at the old man. He frowned at her.
“Hello? Can you hear me?”
The human girl made no reply. Teriarch looked around, frowning.
“What? What is—”
He turned his head towards the cavern wall and paused.
“Ah.”
Teriarch’s illusory human form was perfect. He looked exactly like a normal human, albeit one made in flawless perfection and with slightly elven features. But he had forgotten one important aspect.
Ryoka stared at the shadow of the dragon looming huge on the wall behind Teriarch. It stretched out from his robes, lengthening impossibly until it perfectly reflected the dragon, not the illusion.
“My god. What—”
Teriarch sighed. He pointed at Ryoka, and she felt her head go blank.
“Let’s try that again.”
 
—-
 
Memory flooded into her. Words.
