2.17
Page 7
Stamina potions. Ryoka knew it was only that which had allowed her to reach Liscor so fast, but she was determined never to overuse one again. She felt like her body was lead, and every few seconds her eyes would start crossing and go blurry unless she concentrated.
Talking was even harder, but Ryoka was curious why Val had come to Erin from so far away.
“You sent out a chess puzzle?”
“Yeah. It wasn’t a super hard one, but pretty hard. I guess it interested whoever sent the puzzle in the first place, because they sent me this expensive chess board. Why? Is that a bad idea?”
Erin looked at Ryoka as the other girl walked along, frowning at her feet.
“It could be. Not a good idea to give away secrets. Could be a…bad thing.”
Ryoka was having trouble thinking. She’d tried to explain the value of indiscretion to Erin before, but Erin just wasn’t as leery of giving away secrets as Ryoka was. Probably a personality thing.
“If you’re too good…it might be a problem.”
“Really? Being good at chess is a bad thing?”
It might be, if the person sending the chess board ever came looking for Erin and uncovered secrets about her. That was Ryoka’s paranoia speaking, but it was still a possibility.
Then again, given the thousands of other things that could go wrong, maybe she shouldn’t worry.
Ryoka followed Erin mechanically into the city, ignoring the route they took until Erin paused. Ryoka sniffed. A familiar scent was in the air—that of roasting meat. She looked around.
Market Street was full of shopkeepers and pedestrians. But in the winter chill, a third group of seller had appeared, and that was the food vendor. But unlike days previous, they weren’t selling a variety of dishes to the cold and hungry public, but one, very familiar food product.
Hamburgers.
Every Gnoll and Drake on the street was selling them as they cooked the meat over braziers, exactly as Erin had done on the first day. They were all in competition, but it seemed the people on the street were still hungry enough to give everyone some business.
Each vendor had a queue, and a unique lure. Some had added different varieties of cheese to their cheeseburger; others had their own blend of spices, or different kinds of meat. One enterprising Drake had even created a quadruple-patty hamburger that Ryoka would dearly have loved to try.
The Gnolls and Drakes paused as they spotted Erin down the street. They didn’t quite meet Erin’s eyes, but neither did they stop flipping and selling burgers. Ryoka stared around and inhaled the scents of grilled meat. Damn it. She was getting hungry again.
“Well, now I know where all of my customers went.”
Erin scowled and kicked at some snow on the ground.
“Let’s go find Krshia.”
As Ryoka stumbled after Erin down the street, Erin glared at the food vendors.
“Hey, is there anything I can do to them for stealing my stuff? Can I claim copyright or plagiarism or something?”
“Enforce copyright? Not unless you’ve got an army. Or a really big hammer.”
Ryoka scowled at the spinning ground. She saw Erin was opening her mouth – probably to ask what kind of hammer – when the girl turned and smiled.
“Krshia!”
The large Gnoll smiled as she came out of her stall to greet Erin. She sniffed at Ryoka, and the girl tried not to scowl directly at her.
“It is good to see you this day, Erin Solstice. And I notice you have brought your friend.”
“Yeah! Ryoka just came in yesterday. Oh, and you’ll never guess what happened this morning, Krshia! I met this Runner named Blah and he blah blah blah…”
