2.17
Page 3
She had forgotten. But now she remembered. Ryoka remembered it. She knew. And the knowledge was glorious. She had seen one. Seen a legend in the flesh.
A dragon.
 
—-
 
Erin stared worriedly at Ryoka as the young woman lay on the floor, staring blankly up at the ceiling. She looked around at Val and the others.
“Shouldn’t we do something? It’s been thirty minutes already.”
Ceria shook her head. She was sitting in a chair, watching Ryoka intently. Other than moving Ryoka so she wasn’t lying at an awkward angle, she hadn’t let Erin or anyone else touch her.
“It’s best not to, especially if she’s experiencing something magically. Movement can mess with her perceptions and affect her mind. Unless you’ve got a different opinion, Pisces? You know more mind manipulation spells than I do.”
Erin looked at Pisces. He was inspecting Ryoka just as intently. She remembered that he did know some spells that created illusions, like when she’d first met him.
But he just shook his head absently.
“This is far beyond my abilities to comprehend. There was a warding spell mixed into the first spell, did you notice?”
“I did.”
Olesm said that from a far table. Val nodded. He was crouched next to Ryoka, studying her face.
“So did I. That spell took out a powerful charm. I need to see a [Mage] about that. I was told my charm would catch any spell and remove any enchantment.”
“Now there’s an empty boast.”
Ceria’s words were the last thing spoken for a while. Everyone watched Ryoka sleeping—or dreaming—in silence.
Erin worried. She wasn’t sure if she and Ryoka were good friends—they’d barely spent more than a day together, although they had rescued Ceria and fought monsters, so that had to count. But she cared about Ryoka. Not only was she Erin’s only lifeline to her world, but Ryoka knew how to do things Erin did not.
It seemed like an hour had passed, but probably only a few minutes had when Ryoka suddenly sat up, gasping and clutching at her head.
“Ryoka!”
Erin leapt forwards, but Val was closer. He steadied Ryoka with one hand as she flailed and grabbed at his arm.
“Easy. Ryoka, are you okay? Did the charm work?”
“What? What? I—I’m okay. Yes. It worked.”
Ryoka stared around the room, wide-eyed and out of breath. Ceria abandoned her seat to come over, and Olesm moved one table closer.
“What did you see? Did you remember anything important?”
“I—it was—”
Ryoka closed her eyes. When she opened them, something flickered behind her gaze as she shook her head. Erin saw a tinge of sadness—joy, even a bit of fear, but most of all, what she could only say was wonder in that look. It was an expression she’d never seen Ryoka make.
It looked…innocent. Not like Ryoka’s normally unreadable expression or her dour face.
“It’s a secret. I’m sorry. But I can’t say.”
“Damn. I thought as much.”
Val shook his head. He was picking up fragments of the burnt dreamcatcher off the floor. Erin really, really doubted he could fix them, but maybe they were still useful? She began to help him pick them up.
“I’m uh, I’m sorry about your charm.”
Ryoka stared at the pieces on the floor, and then her singed clothing. Val sighed as he nodded and Erin looked at him.
“Was it expensive?”
“You could say that. I paid over a thousand gold coins for that charm.”
“A thousand—”
Pisces choked and spat out a mouthful of water. Ceria stared at the blackened remains of the dreamcatcher and Ryoka turned pale.
“I can pay you back for it. I’ve got a delivery—”
Val waved a hand at her, shushing Ryoka. He looked at her seriously.
“Just tell me, from one Runner to another. Was it worth it?”
