2.17
Page 14
…She might have danced with a Gnoll, and found herself competing to see who could perform more tricks with Relc. Ryoka knew how to do standing backflips; it turned out Relc could do that and break dance, but no one in the world knew how to moon walk.
For one glorious night Ryoka forgot about everything. She danced, laughed, and let the music sweep her thoughts away. She saw Erin laughing and dancing on the roof, and laughed too. The songs carried Ryoka up on a rush and carried her away until suddenly there was only darkness and silence.
From somewhere on top of the inn, Erin turned off the iPhone and stopped singing. The Drakes and Gnolls stumbled back towards the city, and Ryoka realized that the world was spinning around her.
Olesm and Selys had already staggered upstairs, leaving a trail in the trash strewn about on the floor. Pisces helped Ceria climb the stairs, and then wandered unsteadily out of the inn.
Ryoka looked at the stairs and didn’t even bother trying to ascend. She saw Val wave at her as he walked upstairs, waved back, and collapsed in a chair.
Her eyes closed. Ryoka was asleep before her head even fell back.
She slept, and dreamed of dragons.
 
—-
 
[Innkeeper Level 21!]
[Skill – Advanced Cooking Obtained!]
[Skill – Advanced Crafting Obtained!]
 
[Singer Class Obtained!]
[Singer Level 6!]
[Skill – Perfect Recall Obtained!]
[Skill – Control Pitch Obtained!]
 
Erin heard the words sometime right before she passed out. She woke up – still on top of the inn’s roof just past dawn, mainly because she was slipping off.
She nearly fell getting to the ground anyways, but managed to save herself just in time. Erin stared around the trashed landscape, and wondered if the snow would hide it all. No. She’d probably have to clean it up.
That went double for the inside of Erin’s inn. She took one look at the chaos and covered her eyes. But that wouldn’t help.
Without Toren, none of the dirty dishes and messy tables would miraculously clean themselves overnight. Erin stared around the trashed room and wished with all her heart that her skeleton would come back.
She hated cleaning up messes. Dust was what Erin was good at.
But something caught Erin’s eye as she stared around and tried to find a place to start cleaning. An oddity.
She knew no one had come by after the last patron had staggered out and Ceria had gone to sleep upstairs. But something had moved in the night.
Everything in her inn was the same as it had been when Erin had passed out. Except for one thing.
Erin stared at the chessboard Val had delivered to her, sitting at the far end of her bar. The rows of orderly pieces stared back at her, nice and uniform.
But—she’d never put any pieces on the chess board. And as Erin hesitantly stepped closer, she saw something else.
The pieces were transparent. Each one had a ghostly quality to it. They looked like a medieval set of chess, with vaguely human pieces in all the right places. But wisps rose from the pieces like smoke, and they had a faintly unearthly quality to their substance.
They looked like magic, and the coolest pieces Erin had ever seen in her life. And they were all perfectly set up in their starting positions on the board.
Except for one piece. A white pawn piece had moved up two squares, occupying one of the most traditional opening spots in the game. Pawn to E4. King’s Pawn Opening. Erin stared at it.
“Whoa.”
 

