2.17
Page 4
Ryoka hesitated. Then she nodded fervently.
“It was. It was worth anything and everything.”
“Then forget about the cost. It was my decision to lend it to you—I’ll take it as a lesson on giving things away. Although whether it was a mistake or not…”
Val shrugged. Then he grinned.
“Today is full of surprises, huh?”
Pisces and Ceria gaped at Val, and you could have picked Olesm’s jaw off the floor, but Ryoka only smiled. She flexed her hand and stared past it. She smiled, with such genuine feeling that Erin was taken aback.
“Thank you. It was worth it.”
“Think nothing of it. We’ve got to look out for each other, right?”
A thousand gold coin’s worth of magic didn’t sound like ‘nothing’ to Erin, but Val just swept the few burnt pieces into a bag and put it in his belt pouch. And that was it. Debt forgiven. That was so awesome Erin didn’t have words for it.
Val was a stand-up guy. Erin smiled, ran into the kitchen, and came out with a steaming burger which she put in front of him.
“I can’t pay for that, but have another hamburger on the house.”
It had been meant for Ryoka, but the other girl was still staring at nothing, and Erin didn’t think she’d mind waiting a few more minutes. Val eyed the hamburger. He’d already eaten four, but his stomach rumbled. He smiled up at Erin.
“You are very kind. But ah, could I have some of that red stuff on it? What did you call it?”
“Ketchup. But that’s extra. Pay up.”
Val blinked at Erin. She grinned.
“Kidding!”
 
—-
 
Ryoka was still trying to get her head back together when Erin came back with her food. Absentmindedly, Ryoka raised the burger to her lips and bit.
Perhaps it was a testament to nostalgia, Erin’s improving skill at cooking, or Ryoka’s state of starvation, but that was what brought her back into reality. Yes. A well-made hamburger could erase even the wonder of meeting a dragon.
At least for ten seconds, which was roughly how long it took Ryoka to inhale the burger. Erin brought her another, and Ryoka repeated the trick.
“Are you sure you should eat so fast?”
Erin asked Ryoka, as the second hamburger became crumbs before her eyes. Ryoka just blinked at Erin, and the girl threw up her hands.
“Fine. But if you throw up, you get to clean it up. Toren’s still missing, and I’m not doing it.”
“That’s fine. Can I get two more? Three?”
It was so good to eat food from her world! But Ryoka did slow down as Erin brought the third hot hamburger out. She was just ravenous, both from her run and her memories.
Val sat next to her, munching on some french fries Erin had made. He dipped one in ketchup and eyed Ryoka.
He really wasn’t what she’d expected. And the charm he’d lost because of her—
“Thanks again.”
He shrugged.
“It happens. Better that I found out my charm can be overloaded than get into trouble down the road. Besides, the mage that gave it to me will give me a discount—she had better since she promised it wouldn’t ever break. A few deliveries and I’ll be able to buy it again.”
“Really? How much do you make per delivery?”
Val rolled his eyes towards the ceiling as he munched on a fry.
“Forty gold coins? It can go over a hundred or two hundred if the area’s dangerous or if I need to get there quick.”
“Forty—?”
Ceria choked on a piece of potato and Olesm thumped her on the back until she spat it out. Val looked amused.
“It’s not that much. The nobility has enough gold to throw around, and any Gold-rank adventurer or higher earns a hundred times that much if they get lucky in a dungeon.”
“Money’s different where you come from, I guess. Here, gold coins are worth a lot.”
