2.17
Page 8
Ryoka tuned out Erin’s voice as she tried to stay upright. Coming here had been a mistake. All she wanted to do was bathe fast and fall asleep. But Erin would talk to her friend, and then Ryoka would probably have to sit in the bathhouse for hours, talking…
God. She couldn’t deal with this right now. Ryoka just wanted Erin to finish whatever she was doing, so she could go back and sleep.
Music. Music would help.
Ryoka felt at her pocket. Her iPhone was still there, nice and safe in its case. She pulled it out and turned it on. She needed music. Something to keep her awake. Something with a beat.
She scrolled down the list of songs, frowning at the small letters. Ryoka had over ten thousand songs on her iPhone, and that was no joke. She had a 32 GB model, and since she’d also uninstalled almost every app besides a few essentials, her iPhone was just a glorified music player that could do magical conference calls.
Mind you, not all the songs were good, or even acceptable. Ryoka had far too many songs she’d downloaded in the indiscretions of youth and never bothered to delete. But finally she found one she liked. This one was a classic.
A heavy bass thumped in Ryoka’s ears with a steady drum beat. She waited, tapping one toe for Freddie Mercury. She grinned as the music swept her away.
“Ain’t no sound but the sound of his feet, machine guns ready to go.”
Another One Bites the Dust by Queen thundered in Ryoka’s ears as she turned the volume up to maximum and left it that way. She had no fear of annoying Erin as she talked with Krshia—one of the things Ryoka spent lots of money on was good headphones.
Freddie Mercury had a voice that spoke to Ryoka’s heart. She opened her eyes, smiling, and noticed something odd across the street. One of the Gnoll shoppers had stopped, and he was doing something odd. Ryoka frowned.
Was that Gnoll…bobbing his head? Yes. He was.
And over there. Krshia had stopped talking to Erin and she was tapping her foot. To the beat.
“Are you happy are you satisfied? How long can you stand the heat?”
Ryoka looked around. Every Gnoll in the street had suddenly stopped, to the bewilderment of the other Drakes and few humans. Yes. They were all nodding to the sound of the music.
Shit.
Ryoka stopped the song. Instantly, the other Gnolls looked around at her reproachfully.
Son of a…they could hear the music even from across the street. Of course. Ryoka wanted to slap herself. They were like dogs. Their hearing was far better than a human’s.
Krshia nudged Erin and pointed to Ryoka’s iPhone.
“Mm. Your friend, she has something very interesting, yes?”
Ryoka scowled, tucked the iPhone back in her pocket, and crossed her arms. She glared. Erin winced, and whispered to Krshia.
“She’s sort of grumpy because she’s tired.”
Ryoka heard that, and it only made her mood worse. Especially because it was true. She looked at Erin pointedly.
“Time to go?”
She said it like a question, but it wasn’t. Erin hesitated, but Krshia had already gathered her order. Apologizing, Erin left.
“Hey. What was wrong with that? Did they hear your music? Why’s that a bad thing?”
“Because they could realize that I have technology not from this world. And—and—”
Ryoka shook her head. Something about conspiracy theories and uncovering the truth? She needed to lie down.
“Let’s just go. You said there was a bathhouse?”
“This way. But uh, your iPhone—”
“I’ll leave it. With my clothes.”
“Right.”
 
—-
 
