2.18
Page 5
Ryoka admitted that with a lot of regret. She’d always assumed that levels were just a cheap trick, a way to cheat or play someone else’s game. But of all the things in the world, seeing Val run like that had tempted her the most.
“If—if I decided to level up, maybe that would be better. Smarter. More sensible.”
She’d expected Val to agree with her, but instead he seemed wary of the idea.
“I personally don’t think it’s worth it.”
“Why not?”
“Well, for one thing, and please take no offense, but—you’ll never reach my level if you start now. I know [Warriors] and other classes level up faster if they kill stronger enemies and so on, but [Runners] gain levels differently.”
“How so?”
“We level up based on how far we’ve run, and how challenging it is. True, you could do some horribly hard runs, but even then, I doubt you’d hit Level 10 by the end of the year, and it would just get slower from there.  No, I’d say you’ve got your own unique style without levels. You should continue as you are.”
That was the first time Ryoka had heard that opinion. She glanced at Val’s profile and his bent nose.
“You think so? No one else I’ve met shares your opinion.”
“Well, it’s a preference thing. And besides, you probably don’t know this, but Skills aren’t the same even for people with the same class.”
Ryoka had inferred something like that from comments from other Runners, but she hadn’t ever heard it from the horse’s mouth so to speak. She let Val go on as they ran a slow circuit of the Floodplains of Liscor.
“Skills are—how should I describe them? They’re like a gamble, but a safe one. As you level up, you’ll definitely gain some good skills and some not so useful ones. But you can generally predict which ones you’ll get based on your class.”
“Ah. A pool of options?”
Val lifted a thumb up and inclined his head at her.
“Precisely. There are rare skills you can get like [Double Step], and not-so-rare ones. For instance, almost every [Warrior] is going to get [Thick Skin] if they go for close-range combat sooner or later. But they might get it at Level 5, or Level 50. Well—not Level 50.”
“Why not—wait, there are rare skills every 10 levels?”
“Good guess! Yeah, I got my [Double Step] skill at Level 30. And of course sometimes you can learn a rare skill, but that takes training and some luck. I suppose if you had a class you could learn something that allowed you to move faster but…”
“Not worth it. Right. But how can I run faster without classes?”
“With magic, of course. I’ve met people like you before. People without levels, I mean. That’s how they overcome the problem.”
Ryoka slowed and her foot skidded over a patch of ice. She caught herself and ran after Val as he paused for her to catch up.
“You have?”
“Yeah. I meet them now and then. People of all kinds choose not to level. Well, they’re not too common as you can imagine, but I do run across them now and then.”
“Are there any differences between them and others?”
“Attitude? The way they get treated? Nothing else.”
That was disappointing, but maybe…Ryoka tried to keep the conversation going while she thought.
“And you think I can become a Courier even without Skills? With magic?”
“It’s possible. You just need the right equipment—the right magic if you’ve got the talent. Not all Couriers are fast. Some run a bit slower than you, but can’t be stopped. There’s a [Marksman] among us who rides a horse. She snipes anyone getting in her way from two hundred feet away.”
“Hm. So build up my résumé until I’m famous enough, huh?”
