2.18
Page 2
Erin reached for a piece, but Olesm’s tail twitched and she paused, seeing it. The [Tactician] hesitated, and then looked at Erin pleadingly.
“Can—can I play a game? I wouldn’t want to impose, but I’m curious…after you’ve played a few games, do you think I could try?”
“Well, why not now?”
Erin moved aside and gestured Olesm into the seat. The Drake gaped at Erin and Ryoka smiled in her seat.
“What? But no—I couldn’t do that!”
Olesm protested as Erin pulled back the chair for him. She shook her head at him.
“Oh come on. It’s not like it’s that important who plays first. And besides, the other person has no idea who I am. Go on! I need to clean up anyways.”
“If you’re sure…”
Olesm’s hands were twitching as much as his tail as he sat at the chess board. Hesitantly he peered at the pieces, and then moved a pawn forwards.
While he was waiting—and Ryoka wondered if he’d be waiting for a long time given the time zones that could be involved for the other player, she looked at Ceria. The mage was looking at Olesm, but she turned to Ryoka and also turned red when the human girl nudged her.
“What? Ryoka?”
“I’d like to talk with you about learning magic later. If you’re not too busy?”
Ceria smiled wryly.
“Not at all. I’ve got a few things to do this morning, but would a few hours from now be fine?”
“Sounds good. I’m going to run and then rest some more. I’ll meet you back here.”
“It moved! It moved!”
Olesm’s excited voice caught everyone’s attention. Ryoka glanced over, and saw a piece had indeed moved. Olesm was transfixed, but then he cautiously moved a piece. After a few seconds, the invisible opponent replied.
That was impressive. It hadn’t been what, more than a few seconds? Had the mysterious sender been waiting for someone to make a move? Ryoka liked chess, but she wasn’t nearly as fanatical as Erin and Olesm were.
“I’m going to stay here and clean up while Olesm plays, and then I’ll play. It’ll be a fun day!”
Erin collected plates and cutlery as she announced that fact to the room. Ceria nodded and gestured at the mage at her side.
“Pisces and I will visit the city. I want to see Yvlon and he’s going to get new robes.”
“I am?”
Pisces looked dubiously at Ceria. He plucked at his much-stained robes.
“My current garments are quite suitable.”
“They are not.”
Everyone agreed with Ceria’s statement. The half-Elf pointed at Pisces.
“You’re disgusting. You’ve still got that gold we paid you for Ryoka’s leg—use some of it!”
He hesitated, and rose to follow her as she walked towards the door.
“Ah. About that. You wouldn’t be able to give me a small loan, would you?”
The door shut behind them. Ryoka and Val left soon afterwards. That left only Erin and Olesm in the inn. Erin kept tidying up, getting rid of stains, forgetting everything in the rhythm of work.
It wasn’t easy. But it wasn’t hard either. In truth, only the stains and bits of food particles that got into cracks in the floorboards and under chairs and so on irked Erin. Now, why couldn’t she have gotten [Advanced Cleaning] or something instead? Although her two skills did sound useful. Erin wondered what kind of food she’d be able to make tonight. Hm. What should she make tonight?
After a while, she heard an odd thumping sound coming from Olesm. She looked, and saw his tail as smacking the ground as Olesm stared at the table. There was a helpless look in the Drake’s eyes.
“Olesm? What’s wrong?”
He turned to her. Olesm looked like he was about to cry as he pointed to the chess board. The white chess pieces were covering the board, while only a King and two pawns remained on his side.
