2.18
Page 10
At all. Oh, she liked him, but Olesm knew it wouldn’t be more than that. And of course, he’d found someone—
It was just that she was like a beacon to him, a font of knowledge and unexplained mystery that stirred his soul. And he had let her down. He could barely look at Erin. Shame made Olesm’s tail droop.
“I—lost. Three games in a row. I couldn’t even put up a fight.”
Erin stared curiously at the chessboard as Olesm cringed. He couldn’t even bear to see how badly he’d been demolished. It hadn’t even been a battle, really. Just the other player pushing Olesm’s head down into the waters and holding him there while he drowned.
“Huh. That other guy’s good. Or girl. Probably a guy, though.”
“You can tell what gender he is just by looking at the board?”
Olesm’s tail drooped ever further. Erin was so far above him—
“No! I just mean—well, all the Grandmasters back home were mostly guys. Girls didn’t play chess as much so I meant…hm.”
She stared at the board, and then started resetting the pieces. Olesm stared glumly at the board.
“I think I made him mad. Or—disappointed him. I’m so sorry.”
After the first game, the other player had reset the board quickly. But this time he – or she – let Erin put all the pieces back. Yes, Olesm could feel the disapproval radiating off the pieces. It scourged him, and he couldn’t deny it. If he had found out that the player who’d come up with that marvelous puzzle was just someone on Olesm’s level.
Olesm lowered his head to the table. He would apologize, leave the inn, go to the city, and not bother Erin again until he was ten levels higher. He would—
A hand brushed the spines on Olesm’s head and he jerked. Erin patted him gently on the head as she took a seat at the table.
“There’s no reason to be mad for playing someone worse than you are. Everyone has to learn. If this guy’s mad, I’ll teach him a lesson for you.”
Erin flipped the board around, and moved a white pawn. Olesm hesitated, but his pulse suddenly began to speed up.
“He’s quite good.”
“I know. I could see. So—I guess I’ll take this seriously.”
“I’ll just—I’ll give you some—”
Olesm backed up until he was a table’s length away from Erin. He waited, with bated breath as she stared at the board. Then, almost reluctantly, he saw a knight move to F6. His spirits sank again.
This was…what had Erin called it? Oh, yes. Alekhine’s Defence. It was an aggressive opening to counter with, and it hinted that the other player had grown tired of playing Olesm. At first he’d played very cautiously, but now—
Erin smiled. She moved another piece forwards—a knight to C3. Almost instantly, the other player countered, moving his knight again, but Erin didn’t stop. She started playing pieces rapidly, as soon as the other player moved his.
Olesm could feel the shock running through the board. The other player had probably just realized someone else was playing—Olesm hadn’t moved his pieces so quickly, and certainly not with such skill.
For five whole minutes, the game paused, and Olesm could feel the other side recalculating. When the game resumed, it was slower, and the other player took his time thinking his moves over.
“Oh.”
It was a soft sound, in the gentle silence of the inn. It came from Erin as the game was more than halfway done. She’d made a mistake, and the other player had taken her queen. Olesm stared at the board in shock, and then at Erin. She was surprised, but she just looked at the board and started recalculating her position. He heard her murmur as she tapped her chin.
“He’s quite good. Yeah.”
And then—
