2.18
Page 6
“Your what? Oh, you mean take a lot of prestigious requests? Yeah. Get a name for yourself as a trusted Runner and it’ll happen. You just need to take requests no other Runner will do.”
“Well, I’m on a good start.”
“Oh? How so?”
Ryoka hesitated. But she’d talked honestly with Val so far, and she wanted to be on a level. Besides…she told him briefly about Teriarch’s request, leaving out all of the really interesting details.
Val whistled.
“Eight hundred gold pieces? You’re kidding. That’s…no wonder your guy was expecting a Courier.”
“Well, it was forty gold pieces and a potion until I started bargaining with him.”
“Hah!”
Val had to think as they ran on. Ryoka had asked him whether he knew of the lands past the Blood Fields, omitting any mention of undead or the person she had to find, Az’kerash.
“The Blood Fields? And the southern lands, huh? You’ve got a problem there, but I’m not sure I can help you. I’ve only been down that way once or twice.”
“Pity. I’ll manage.”
“You shouldn’t have to go in there uninformed, though. And while I might know—hold on, let me see if I can find the other Courier nearby.”
“What?”
Val reached into a pouch at his belt. He pulled out…a stone, of all things. It was vaguely like the one Teriarch had given Ryoka—a normal smooth stone, although this one was inscribed with glowing symbols rather than an arrow.
They lit up as Val touched a finger to the rock. Ryoka heard nothing, but Val must have heard a voice, because he began talking to the air as they ran.
“Ah, hello? Am I speaking to Hawk? This is Valceif of First Landing. I’m in the area, and I was wondering if you had time to consult with me and another Runner. We’re just outside the city, running. Would you like to—? Thanks.”
He tucked the stone back into his pocket and looked at Ryoka.
“I’ve called Hawk, a Courier who does runs around here. He’ll be with us in a few seconds.”
That was no exaggeration. Barely ten seconds after Val had spoken, Ryoka spotted something hurtling towards them out of the city gate. She barely caught sight of the Runner himself; the snow geysering up behind him was what caught Ryoka’s eye. He intercepted the two Runners within seconds, and the snow cascaded down around them as Hawk, Beastkin, giant talking rabbit, and Courier of Liscor appeared.
“Valceif! I’m surprised they sent you down here!”
“Hello, Hawk. Well, you know how it is. You were busy, and I was nearby and they needed a rush job so here I am.”
The two Runners clasped…hands. Ryoka stared at Hawk’s large paw, and at his furry face and at…him.
She couldn’t deal. No. No—she was lost. He was a giant rabbit. This wasn’t just seeing a Drake or a Gnoll, this was a talking rabbit with pants and a six-pack. Ryoka’s mind was dissolving at the edges.
“And this is Ryoka Griffin, a City Runner. I was hoping you could help her. Ryoka, meet one of the fastest Couriers on the continent.”
“Hawk. I’m the Courier around here. Please to meet you, Miss Ryoka.”
Ryoka took the paw gingerly, and shook it. He had…five fingers, but four toes on his feet. The fur felt smooth and warm in her hands and she met his brown eyes and tried to smile.
Val took over the conversation. He briefly explained Ryoka’s delivery, adding a few details she thought were unnecessary.
“She’s a City Runner, but a step above the other ones. I was hoping you could give her some advice.”
Hawk smiled at Ryoka and shrugged.
