2.18
Page 9
“Horrible ones. Smart ones. He enslaved wraiths and ghosts and built new types of undead. Look—just before you go, buy some emergency gear. Something to get you away quick if you run into a group of them.”
Ryoka felt at the potion at her belt, and remembered the ones she’d gotten from Octavia.
“I’ve got some stuff.  And four healing potions and three stamina potions. Enough?”
“Should be.”
“As long as you don’t stray too far from the roads. Healing potions are only useful if you’re alive to use them. Best trick is not to get hurt.”
“Agreed. Just don’t get hurt.”
“And don’t give up! Delivery or die!”
Ryoka had to laugh. Both Couriers were like her. It was amazing! She took a breath and quoted from memory.
“‘Neither rain nor snow, nor gloom of night shall stay these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds’, huh?”
Both Val and Hawk looked at Ryoka in astonishment.
“That’s quite good! Where did you hear that?”
“Oh, it’s a quote from my home about Couriers.”
“‘Neither rain nor snow’…yeah, I like it!”
Hawk nodded his head and Val did as well.
“We might just have to use that line! Thanks, Miss Ryoka.”
“Call me Ryoka.”
‘Miss’ seemed to be this world’s way of being polite, almost like Japanese honorifics. She bowed her head at the other two Couriers as they slowed on their approach to the inn.
“Thank you, both of you. I owe you a lot. I’ll repay the favor someday.”
“Bah. It was nothing.”
Hawk waved a paw dismissively. And then he grinned at Val and Ryoka.
“Talk is cheap, but meeting other good Runners? It’s great to meet other people who can run! You wouldn’t believe how slow the ones around here are. And hey, maybe we can go back to that inn for some more hamburgers afterwards, hey?”
Val and Ryoka paused. Ryoka remembered how many she’d eaten yesterday, for both lunch and dinner. Val was clearly thinking the same thing.
“No.”
“Not for at least a month.”
Both Val and Ryoka said it at the same time. Hawk looked slightly hurt.
“Why not? You were both at the inn last night, weren’t you? The one with the music? It was great! I must have eaten eight of the things, and then I got some tail, if you know what I mean.”
He grinned at Val and made a wiggling motion with his paw.
“Drakes. So slippery, you know?”
Val and Ryoka exchanged a look. Val looked at Hawk.
“Tail? You don’t mean—”
Ryoka’s mind literally shut down at the idea of Hawk eating eight hamburgers and then finding a female Drake and…
Neither human spoke, but they both accelerated at the same time. Hawk had to increase his stride to keep up. He glared at them as he kept pace.
“Oh come on! Do you think I’d be into fleshy people like you? I’d rather kiss a Minotaur first. At least they have something covering them! Furballs, you humans are so touchy.”
 
—-
 
Olesm was not a Drake given to arrogance, but he still had his pride. It had been badly crushed, beaten, and stomped by a certain human and the undead, but it was still pride nevertheless.
He’d leveled up, risked his life, and tried to learn to play his favorite game as best he could. He’d learned from the greatest chess player in the world—Erin, and he thought he’d made something of himself.
But now he knew the truth. The cold waters of reality were lapping around his head, and Olesm was too downtrodden to even bother trying to swim.
He felt Erin come over, and wished, wished, he was the kind of person who could capture her heart. But he was a [Tactician] – not a good one, not nearly as good as one in Liscor’s army – but he had a special skill. He could read people, and she wasn’t interested in him.
