2.18
Page 1
After Erin got to la, Ryoka could bear it no longer. She seized the nearest object she could reach, staggered out her door and hurled it down the stairs. It turned out that she’d hurled her bedside dresser, and it crashed into pieces as it hit the ground floor.
Ryoka heard the shocked exclamation from Erin. She grunted something and stomped back to her bed.
“Rude!”
But the singing stopped. Ryoka rolled back into bed and caught far more than forty winks.
When she woke up at last, it was an hour or two later and Ryoka was hungry. She stumbled out her door, and found everyone else was getting up as well. Their synchronization was probably due to the fact that the sun had hit all of their windows at the same time, and Erin still hadn’t bought any curtains for her new inn.
Sleepy faces, and wincing expressions. Ryoka nodded to the others.
“Ryoka.”
“Ceria.”
“Val.”
“Olesm?”
The Drake staggered out of Ceria’s room and paused. He looked around at the other people in the inn. Slowly, he backed into the room and shut the door.
Ryoka stared at Ceria. The half-Elf shrugged. She didn’t quite meet anyone else’s eyes as they walked downstairs.
They found Erin bright and cheerful, and a steaming bowl of scrambled eggs, a plate of greasy bacon, and bread. Ryoka could have hugged Erin, but she was more interested in eating.
“So. How did you all sleep? Um, sorry about the singing.”
“I quite enjoyed it. It was an unusual song.”
Val smiled at Erin around his breakfast. Ryoka grunted.  Ceria nodded as she massaged her temples.
“What a night. I can’t believe half of what I remember. And what I do remember—”
She broke off, not looking at Olesm. And he was pointedly not looking at Ceria. Ryoka eyed his twitching tail. Erin didn’t seem to notice either reaction. Instead, she pointed excitedly at the chessboard on the table.
“Guess what, guys? Look at this! The chessboard I got was magical!”
Everyone looked around. Olesm dropped his fork and Val whistled as he saw the ghostly pieces.
“I thought something was off. Well now, that’s not something you see every day.”
Ryoka frowned.
“What is it?”
“Some kind of duplication spell and magically connected board, I would guess. Obviously.”
Ryoka turned her head, and saw Pisces lurch into the inn. He looked – and smelled – like he’d been sleeping outside. The trash that fell from his robes attested to that fact.
“Pisces.”
“Ceria. I see you are having breakfast. Allow me to join you.”
Pisces inserted himself at Ceria’s table, much to her displeasure. Erin glared at Pisces, but she didn’t oust him from the inn. Instead, she looked back at the chessboard.
“So it’s like a magic chessboard that allows you to play against someone far away? Cool! I had…one just like it back at home!”
Ryoka glared at Erin while Pisces and Val raised their eyebrows. Olesm was busy inspecting the board, murmuring excitedly over the ghostly pieces. They did look quite impressive, especially as it turned out that the ghostly wisps followed the pieces as the Drake tried moving them across the board.
“They’re cold!”
The pieces were indeed cool to the touch, and Ryoka imagined holding solidified air as she touched them. Erin stared at the board, and the pawn moved on the other side.
“Well, this is an invitation to play if ever I saw one. Sounds like fun!”
Ryoka tried to quickly run through the consequences of playing a game, but she couldn’t think of too many. Besides, whoever had sent the board clearly knew it had arrived.
