2.18
Page 7
“Well, I can keep you from running into too much trouble, but there’s always some war or skirmish going on down there. It’s risky for a City Runner or even an inexperienced Courier. You might want to reconsider going down there, Miss. How much are you getting paid? Is this request really worth it?”
He wasn’t precisely arrogant, but he seemed too relaxed to be taking the conversation seriously. After seeing how fast he ran, Ryoka couldn’t blame him for thinking she was small-fry.
She steeled herself. Rabbit or not, he was still a person. Remember that. Erin made talking to other species look so easy. She grinned at Hawk, and decided to take him down a peg. Just a peg.
“You could say that. My delivery’s worth eight hundred gold pieces. Think it’s worth doing?”
Hawk tripped, but caught himself before he face-planted in the snow.
“Eight h—”
He eyed Val. The other human was grinning at him. Hawk smiled ruefully, and nodded at Ryoka in apology.
“Well, I’ve underestimated you, I can see. But my point stands about the danger, especially if you’ve got something that might attract attention. Want to give the request to me? I’ll do the delivery and cut you in on a hundred gold pieces.”
Ryoka shook her head. She wasn’t about to trade the request, even if it would mean no risk to her. After what she’d learned about Teriarch, she just had to fulfill his request, for more reasons than one. Val looked at the other Courier reprovingly.
“Hawk.”
The rabbit man raised his hands defensively.
“I’m just asking. Okay. I thought you weren’t being serious, but I’m sorry Miss Ryoka. Right then. This is a serious delivery.”
“And she’s doing it.”
“I just offered.”
“Thanks, but I’m fine.”
Ryoka gestured to her belt pouch, where the letter and ring were hidden.
“Besides, what I’m delivering is spelled to only be carried by me. You’d probably die if you tried to take it.”
“That’s…an important detail. Right. Well, advice I’m happy to give. What do you need to know? Travel routes? Current battlefields?”
“All of the above and local monsters and so on. Ryoka’s never been down that way.”
Hawk nodded. His ears twitched and he looked out at the pristine snow around them.
“Mind if we run and talk?”
“It’s fine with me. I know a good route around here with some nice flat spots. Want me to lead?”
“Sounds good.”
“Go ahead.”
They set off. Like Val, Hawk adjusted his pace so Ryoka could comfortably keep up. It felt odd, being the slowest person in the group. Hawk began to talk as they ran together.
“Now, do you know where you’re going or do you have a moving target? If it’s something like one of the Walled Cities, you’ll be able to get there pretty easily. If not…”
“I’ve got a spell that points me in the right direction. I have no idea where I’m going.”
Val groaned.
“I hate those.”
Hawk nodded. The rabbit took long, easy strides that made Ryoka envy him. He didn’t even seem bothered by the snow as he ran through it. Well, he had pads on his feet…paws.
“Tricky. If you’re going by spell, you could run right into a monster nest or one of the war zones down there. There are a few conflicts going on, and any Human running past is going to get shot at, Runner or not.”
“What? Soldiers don’t attack Runners! If they know you’re a Runner, they should leave you alone!”
Val looked indignant, but Hawk only smiled at him.
“If you can prove you’re a Runner before they fill you with arrows, be my guest. Besides, they use spells that blast an entire area, so there’s no guarantee you won’t be caught up in one. My advice is just stay away, but if you’ve got to head into one of those zones…”
