2.19 G
Page 9
And as the games between the Workers began, Rags knew something was wrong. It showed in every move, and soon Erin realized it as well. She saw the girl frowning, and knew the games would soon stop.
But Rags had no real interest in the whys and wherefores of why this was all wrong. She’d come here to relax, possibly to level up, but to learn something and…and figure out what to do next. Instead, she was stuck in an inn watching other people play chess – badly – and with the Drake.
Every now and then he would glance at her, and she would stare back. His gaze sent wriggling worms into her stomach, but she knew he was just as bothered by her stare. And as it happened, he had less patience than she did.
“Hey, mind if I toss this Goblin outside? She keeps staring at me.”
Erin was talking to Klbkch, but she looked over long enough to scowl at the Drake.
“Don’t be a jerk.”
He made a face at her, but desisted. For a few seconds. Then he casually propelled himself off the wall and ambled over to Rags. She tensed up.
The Drake stopped, standing over the table and staring down at Rags. He was grinning, but not in a friendly way. He bent his head and spoke quietly to Rags.
“I went looking for your little nest, but looks like you lot ran away. Lucky you; if you’d stayed I’d be turning in Goblin ears to the Adventurer’s Guild by now.”
She remained stock-still, fighting not to show any emotion. The Drake stared at her, and she saw the malice in his eyes. It was a familiar look, one she’d seen often.
“Of course, you’re too afraid to do anything than hide in this inn. If Erin weren’t here, I’d bet you’d be too scared to get within a hundred miles of Liscor.”
Rags bit her lip. She wanted to say something—do something. Anger was boiling in her gut, but he was dangerous. She knew it. Say nothing. Do nothing. Wait until Erin looked around.
“You lot are all cowards. The second I raise my spear, you run away. Makes it easier to catch you, I guess.”
Rags snapped. She looked up at the Drake, and saw his smile. Rags’ lips pursed, and then she spat.
A glob of spit landed on the Drake’s arm. He blinked down at it, and she saw his eyes narrow.
—Rags woke up on the floor, head spinning and jaw in agony. She tried to sit up and fell back. Something was ringing loudly in her ears, and her teeth felt…loose.
Above her she could hear angry voices. The Drake was holding up two hands, shrugging his shoulders as Erin shouted at him.
“—dare you! How could you do that to her?”
“She spat on me.”
“You’re four times her size! And you’re a guardsman! You’re not supposed to hurt innocent people!”
“Innocent? People? It’s a Goblin.”
The Drake pointed at Rags as she slowly got up. Erin was red in the face as she yelled at him.
“Why are you doing this? You’ve never had a problem with her before!”
Rags saw the Drake’s eyes narrow.
“I didn’t have a problem? I didn’t visit your inn, remember? That’s because I didn’t want to come to this inn and see those filthy little bastards running around!”
For a second Erin hesitated, but she refused to back down.
“But you came here. And I have rules. The sign says—”
“‘No killing Goblins’. Right, right. But I didn’t kill her. And anyways, who cares what the sign says? You’re not part of Liscor, and I’m an officer of the Watch. My responsibility is to kill Goblins and other pests. You can’t stop me from doing it.”
He pointed at Rags and she flinched. Erin just stared at him for a few seconds, and then her voice was soft.
“Why are you doing this? Why now? What’s wrong with her coming in here to play chess? What’s so different?”
