2.19 G
Page 8
The pieces were moving. Rags reached to pull hers away, but the pieces weren’t moving back to their original positions. Instead, they were forming a…face.
It was a basic face, the basic expression Erin would have recognized as an emoji, or a smiley face. It had two eyes, and an upside-down smile.
He knew. Rags stared at the board and felt the same feeling of smallness again. Whoever the other player was, he knew he wasn’t playing Erin. And he was disappointed.
For a second, Rags stared at the board. Then she hurled it off the table.
“Hey!”
The Goblin jumped as Erin shouted. The girl came over and picked up the board as the ghostly pieces reset. She glared at Rags.
“What are you—hey! You moved my pieces!”
She glared at Rags as the Goblin stared the other way. Rags couldn’t even face Erin. Shame and anger wormed through her stomach in equal parts.
“Aw. It was a good game, too. I thought I might actually l—well, maybe not. Anyways!”
Erin shook her finger at Rags.
“This is mine. I’m fine with you using another chess board, but this one is connected to another one somewhere and—well, I’m playing, okay?”
Rags shrugged, still not looking at Erin. She heard the girl sigh.
“Okay. Sorry for getting mad, but—it’s bad manners to play another game, you know? I’ll play you, if you want.”
And have her confidence crushed even further? Rags hesitated, but she still loved the game. Reluctantly, she nodded, and Erin beamed. It was hard to hate her, even when Rags tried.
“Cool! You just sit there and I’ll—oh?”
Someone knocked at the door. Rags turned in her seat, ready to kill whoever walked in as Erin called out.
“Come in!”
The door opened, and Rags saw a familiar face. Or rather, a familiar body. The Antinium still looked alike to her, but she could recognize Klbkch by his lack of four arms and slimmer physique. The Antinium nodded to Erin as he entered the inn.
He was joined by the other Antinium Rags recognized—Pawn. He was a good player, almost as good as Rags, but she scowled when she saw the third person who entered the inn.
The Drake.
He made much the same face when he saw Rags.
“Oh good. The stinking Goblin’s back.”
“Hey!”
Erin propped her hands on her hips as Rags stared at the Drake. He looked at her once without any trace of emotion, and then smiled and talked to Erin.
Rags listened impatiently. The two Antinium and one Drake weren’t alone. They’d brought twelve other Workers with them. And they were here for…
Chess?
No. But it seemed they wanted to play chess like they had before. Yet Rags knew the Workers who had played in the inn before, and all these Workers were new to her. They behaved differently, and with Klbkch in the room, they acted…differently.
“Well of course! I mean, I agreed to it and I love to play chess so why not? And I’ve got enough boards so…”
Erin began organizing the Workers while Rags stared at the black-bodied Antinium. Something was off. She couldn’t place her finger on it, but she had a sense this was different.
“Rags? Sorry, but I’ve got to teach some chess. You could play a game with me to demonstrate if you want.”
Rags had no interest in a game where Erin would stop every move to explain what was happening. She sat in her chair, watching suspiciously as Erin first ran through the rules of the game and then had the Workers pair up and play.
It was the same, but not. Rags remembered learning chess, and this was…different. The Drake yawned as he leaned against one wall and tried to chat with Ceria, but the two other Antinium watched.
