2.19 G
Page 10
“It’s different because Klb’s back, and our orders are to get rid of these things. And we will, believe me. The instant they start attacking travelers—”
Erin shot an anguished glance at Rags. Yes, there it was. Ceria had spoken the truth. Rags saw the half-Elf standing at the other end of the room. Her fingers were glowing, but Pisces was holding her back. Good. The Drake could kill them all quite easily. Just like Gazi.
“Relc. I will be fine. There is no need for you to act on my behalf.”
Klbkch said the words calmly, and Erin chimed in as Relc shook his head.
“Rags is just a kid. You can’t hurt kids—or anyone who’s not dangerous! She’s a friend.”
He glared at Rags.
“Great. So now I’m the bad guy because I’m the only person here with a brain? The Goblins aren’t your friends. They’ll stab you in the back first chance they get! Stupid little—”
He kicked out. The Goblin barely saw the foot before the table she had been sitting on flipped over. She cried out and tried to get out of the way. The edge of the table crashed into the ground, nearly crushing her stomach as Rags rolled aside just in time.
“Relc! You do that again and—”
The Drake looked at Erin and she froze. He pointed at Rags, and spoke with icy calm.
“I see this thing anywhere near Klb or the city, and I’ll cut it down.”
Rags stared at him, and knew he meant every word. She stared up at him, and felt heaviness settle over her.
There was no safe place. Not even here. She’d been relying on Erin, but she couldn’t stop the Drake with words. He was strong. She was weak.
She wanted to run. It was the same feeling she’d gotten, only magnified tenfold.
She was small. And when the Drake was looking at her, Rags could see the same sight. Always the same moment in her head.
 
A fleeing back, a blur of movement. The Goblin’s chest explodes as Rags hides in the grass, and the Drake crows in triumph as he severs the head. Neatly. So neatly.
The Goblin child hides in the grass, wide-eyed, trembling, watching staring at the torso. Such a familiar thing, but alien. How many times did those hands pick her up when she’d fallen? But the body is bloody now, and lifeless.
The child does not cry. She waits for death as the second one who raised her is cut down feet away. And then a third Goblin. She waits for the Drake to find her, but he only saw three. Three Goblins, and a child they left so they could steal from a lone human.
She hides in the grass, trying to be as small as possible. If she is small, he won’t find her. If she pretends not to exist, he will not hear her heart beating.
The bloody torso sits in the grass with her throughout the night and in the next day, slowly rotting and stinking. Until the human comes.
 
Reality hit Rags in the same moment the memory flashed through her mind. She felt it, the same fear as before. But never. Never again.
She couldn’t allow it. So Rags stared at Relc. His eyes were murder.
But she—
She drew her sword.
“Rags!”
The small Goblin trembled as she faced Relc. He towered above her, muscled, deadly. She was afraid. She was going to die. She remembered the dead, and wanted to run, to scream and hide, to cower. But she stood, holding her sword.
She would not be small again.
“See? What did I tell you? I’d be doing you a favor, getting rid of this thing right now.”
The Drake’s spear was in his hands. Rags hadn’t even seen him move. She knew he could run her through in an instant, but she couldn’t back down. Wouldn’t.
He was stronger, faster, more deadly. But if she kept running from him, she’d never stop. She couldn’t. She couldn’t be small any longer.
