2.19 G
Page 11
She looked at the Drake and thought of his name. Relc. She would remember it until she died. Whether it was now or in ten thousand years.
Relc. She would not forgive him. He was her enemy.
“Come on. Take a cut at me. I’ll even let you get the first three shots. Then it’s my turn.”
Relc beckoned with one hand. Rags wanted to do it. She wanted to strike, but then he’d kill her. She stood in a deadlock. She would not run. But she wouldn’t die ever. Not yet. Not—
“Stop. That.”
Erin’s voice was a cold piece of iron in the heat of the room. She walked in front of Rags and Relc and stared the Drake down.
“Get out of my inn. And if you touch Rags—”
“You’ll what? Hit me?”
Relc sneered at Erin. He spread his arms, daring her to take a shot.
“You can’t stop me. Not you, not that Goblin—not even you, Klb, so take your hand off the sword.”
Klbkch said something, but Relc wasn’t looking at him. He was still staring at Rags, and she knew that he was waiting for her to make a move. But she wasn’t looking at him, but rather, something above his head.
Rags looked up. Something blue and indistinct was hovering over the Drake’s head. His eyes narrowed as he followed the path of her vision and he looked up.
“Oh for—buzz off you stupid thing!”
He swiped at it, but the fuzzy creature dodged out of the way effortlessly. They always did. But as Relc raised his hand to chase it away again, Rags felt the air freeze, and then the Drake’s entire body was covered in frost.
“Graaaaaaah!”
Even the Drake wasn’t immune to cold. He clawed at his scales, and the Winter Sprite hovered around him again. He snapped at it with his mouth, but no sooner did he do so than the air seemed to get even colder, and his mouth was suddenly full of snow.
Icicles fell from the ceiling, materializing out of nowhere. Relc spat out snow, and nearly got an eyeful of ice. He roared in fury and slammed out of the door as the Winter Sprite chased him, letting the cold air blow in from outside.
“Wha—”
Erin was staring at the place he’d gone, but then she turned towards Rags, full of concern.
“Rags! Are you alright?”
She reached for the Goblin, but Rags stepped away. But Erin ignored that and reached out to inspect Rags’ face.
“Stop that. He hit you, didn’t he? I can’t believe that! How do you feel? Do you need an ice pack…some ice? Is anything broken?”
Rags pushed the hands away and shook her head. Erin tried to fuss over her, but Rags didn’t need it. She heard Klbkch speaking.
“I will make apologies for my partner, Erin Solstice, and to you, Rags. I believe he cares about me, and you. But he fought in the Goblin Wars and thinks of Goblins as enemies…”
Rags barely heard the rest. She sat back at the table, shaking. Her jaw ached. The flesh was already swelling, but that wasn’t important.
She’d done it. She’d actually done it. She’d stood up to him. She hadn’t run.
She wasn’t small.
“Rags? Are you okay? Are you hurt?”
Rags looked up. Erin was back, trying to fuss over her. Again, Rags had to fend her off. But Erin kept coming back, hovering over her, anxious, fussing.
Just like the Goblins who Relc had killed. Rags could barely remember that time. Barely, but—
After a while, she slid under the table. Not because she wanted to hide; but because she couldn’t bear Erin coming over to ask how she was every few minutes.
No one saw her move. Rags was small. She was invisible, as Goblins were. No one looked at Goblins except as a threat or a pest. Only one person stared at them, and she—
—She was different. But she was busy, and so Rags sat under the table and thought.
