2.20
Page 7
“If we’re going to practice, we might as well make it a complete lesson. Do the [Light] spell again. Now, clear your mind. Focus on the spell, and add as much power into it as possible. Let’s see how bright you can really make it.”
Ryoka did, and the two practiced until they heard the scream.
 
—-
 
“Aaaah! My eyes!”
Erin dropped the plate she was holding to cover her eyes, but when she looked down, Ceria had caught the plate and fries with a spell.
With her skeletal hand.
Erin stared as the room blurred around the tears and Ryoka and Ceria got up. Ceria tried to apologize. She was blinking quite rapidly, as was Ryoka.
“We were—practicing magic. How’s the chess game going?”
She didn’t get any response. Erin just pointed with her own hand, and both Ryoka and Ceria looked.
“Your hand!”
“What?”
Ceria blinked at her hand and then froze. Ryoka stared at the glowing tip of the bleached bones.
“I didn’t know you could move it.”
“I didn’t—I mean, I moved it before, but it was unconscious. Like this time.”
“It must be magic.”
Ryoka gave Erin a look, and she blushed.
“Okay, obvious. But I was wondering how it was staying together and y’know, not falling apart without skin and stuff.”
Ceria blinked.
“That’s true. I didn’t even think of that.”
“And you nearly put an ice spike through my head last time with it, so…it must move when you’re using a spell!”
Ryoka eyed Erin and looked between the two, but Ceria was nodding.
“When I channel magic it must—well, I hadn’t tried because I thought it was dead but maybe…”
She frowned at her hand. Ryoka and Erin saw nothing, but then the fingers twitched. And moved.
Ceria slowly closed the fingers into a fist, staring as the blackened skin and bones moved seamlessly. For Erin, it was the creepiest sight she’d ever seen; skeletons in biology class were one thing, but Ceria’s hand moved so naturally it was scary.
“Ancestors.”
Ceria breathed the words.
“Oh man, that’s amazing!”
Erin wanted to hug Ceria, but the floating fries were in the way, and she was afraid she’d break the mage’s concentration. Ryoka was smiling, too.
“That’s impressive. Does it hurt?”
Ceria shook her hand, but now she was smiling too.
“What’s really impressive is that I can cast magic with it more easily than with my other hand. I felt it when I caught that plate. It must be the bones.”
Erin didn’t get that, but Ryoka did, instantly.
“Half-Elf bones conduct magic more easily?”
Ceria paused.
“It’s…a secret. Don’t tell anyone, please.”
Ryoka immediately nodded, and Erin did likewise.
“Of course not. Totally. Um, thanks for getting the fries.”
“Fries?”
Ceria blinked, and only then seemed to remember the floating fries and plate in the air. She looked at Ryoka and Erin.
“Help me grab them? I can make them hover, but fine control is beyond me.”
In less than a minute, both girls had helped Ceria put the few remaining fries back on the plate, and had eaten more than half. They all went back downstairs to relay the good news to Olesm.
He was ecstatic, but then he had to show Ceria something which he clearly thought was equally important. He waved tightly-written parchment full of chess notation at Ceria, who just blinked at them. She wasn’t as impressed by his rendition of Erin’s game with the mystery opponent, either.
“Erin played a good game of chess? That’s good.”
“It’s more than good, Ceria. It’s…phenomenal! Incredible! It was—I’m sure whoever’s on the other side had to have leveled! I’ve never seen such playing. And I’ve got it written down here!”
He brandished the inky parchment at Ceria. She blinked at it, bemused.
“Looks intense.”
