2.20
Page 10
The faeries were at a sort of standoff with Ryoka and Ceria. The half-Elf was crouched as Ryoka shielded her, but every now and then a faerie would dart forward and throw something at her.
Erin shoved the bowl of sugary milk on the table, slopping some over the edge in her hurry.
“There! Food! Take it and go!”
One of the faeries hovered lower to taste at the concoction. She eyed the granulated sugar at the bottom of the bowl, and then dipped one finger gingerly in the milk. Erin held her breath as the faerie tasted it gingerly. And then—
 
“What is this? ‘Tis only sugar and cow’s milk! Do you think to insult us?”
 
The faerie shouted in outrage, and the other faeries clustered around the bowl.
 
“Milk and sugar? Not enough!”
“Only good for a snack!”
“We demand more!”
 
In seconds, the bowl was empty. Erin stared at it as the last faerie greedily shoveled wet sugar into her mouth. But while the faeries had eaten, they didn’t seem appeased. One of them floated in front of Erin, sneering.
 
“I suppose it is enough for a start. But we want more! You are an innkeeper, you slow thing, you. Make us more food! Ten more bowls and we will consider it a boon!”
 
Erin didn’t have enough for one more bowl, let alone ten. She said so, and the faeries grew even more frenzied.
 
“Then what about entertainment? No? Then we shall have our own sport!”
 
They began dive-bombing Ceria, pulling at her hair and clothes. Erin tried to push faeries away, but they were just too fast! They flew around her, inches from her skin, laughing as she swatted at them to no effect.
“Stop it! Stop it!”
Ceria batted at them with her good hand, but the faeries just flew around her. Erin tried to grab at a faerie, but the thing avoided her nimbly, then threw ice in Erin’s face, making her cry out.
“Erin—get a frying pan. And anything iron you’ve got.”
Ryoka was lashing out as well, but slowly, watching as faeries avoided her hands. Erin nodded and ran towards the kitchen, but stopped when a faerie flew in her face.
 
“What? A frying pan? We are not foolish queens, and you are no witch, bratling!”
 
“But you don’t like cold iron.”
Ryoka said it calmly, and the faeries froze in the air. The chill in the room—already close to freezing—deepened as she said it.
 
“Is that a threat, human?”
 
“No—just a fact. Faeries can’t be trusted. Never go near a faerie mound, never thank a faerie, never eat their food or tell them of your child. They fear cold iron, though, and I don’t believe you can enter a place without invitation.”
It seemed like Ryoka was saying all of this for Erin’s benefit as much as to the faeries. They stared at the taller girl coldly, and Erin shivered. She edged into the kitchen, and reemerged to hear the arguing.
 
“We don’t steal children! We bring Winter, you cow, you! And we will accept your thanks without stealing a boon! What we offer is in good faith, and you would threaten us?”
 
A faerie closest to Erin caught sight of her, and shouted in a loud voice belying her size.
 
“Cold iron! She holds it, sisters! Beware!”
 
The faeries shrieked, a noise so discordant it made Erin want to drop the frying pan. But she held onto it, grimly, and raised her voice.
“That’s right. And if you don’t leave right now, I’ll—I’ll—”
Erin didn’t actually think she could hit one of the faeries, nimble as they were. Nor, really, did she want to. They were evil pests, but she wasn’t a mu—she didn’t want to hurt them.
