2.20
Page 12
Slowly, the Frost Faerie flew upwards until she was at eye-level with Ryoka. The runner stared at her without a trace of fear in her eyes, but perhaps only Erin saw Ryoka’s calf muscles clenching up as the faerie flew within an inch of her face.
 
“You will regret that, human.”
 
Ryoka stared back, unflinching. The Frost Faerie glared for another second, and then suddenly, alarmingly, she grinned. She opened her mouth and showed Ryoka some wickedly sharp teeth in her tiny mouth.
 
“Hah! This is going to be so much fun!”
 
And then she screamed, and the faeries swarmed, and Ryoka was shouting, running, smashing out the door and into the snow as nearly all the faeries in the inn followed her out into the winter, hounding her, laughing.
Leaving Erin and Ceria behind to clean up the mess.
 
—-
 
It was supposed to be a fun day. Erin thought that as she picked up pieces of ice and swept snow into a corner as Ceria tried to light the fire. The half-Elf was shaken, and she needed a bit of healing potion for places where the faeries had cut or bit her or torn out hair, but she was alright.
“Ryoka really saved me. If she hadn’t gotten rid of them—normally they go away if I get inside somewhere, but here—”
One of the faeries had dropped down towards Ceria, and Erin had had her only good idea for the day.
“Pay me.”
“What?”
“Quick, anything! Hurry!”
Ceria didn’t have any coins, but at Erin’s insistence, she’d handed Erin her bra. It was either that, or her underwear, and Erin had taken it as payment.
And…it had worked. The few faeries that had elected not to chase Ryoka had grumbled, but they’d agreed not to bother the half-Elf. Why Erin hadn’t thought of that earlier she didn’t know.
And then they’d hovered around, making faces and rude remarks as Erin cleaned up until Toren came back. He came back!
How? From where? And why were his eyes purple? Erin was so elated, everything else fell away until she realized Rags had joined the inn too, and messed up her game!
But it was okay. And then Klbkch had come by with all the Workers he’d promised, and Relc and Pawn too! And that should have been wonderful as well. Except…
“It’s not going to work.”
Erin said it after the Workers had played for an entire hour. She stared at them and shook her head. Something was wrong.
“What is the matter?”
“They’re not…it’s not the same. You’re forcing them to play, and that won’t do any good.”
Klbkch stared at her, uncomprehending. He’d brought twenty Workers to Erin’s inn, to eat some food, but mainly to play chess like he’d said. And she’d explained the game and set them up playing just like last time, but—
“Is something the matter? We must have these Workers learn this game, Erin. It is…very important to the Hive.”
“Yeah, but it’s not going to work. It’s not going to make them individuals, or whatever.”
Klbkch paused. Pawn was busy talking to the Workers, and Relc was slouching against a wall, bored, as the two conferred. Ceria had gone upstairs to sleep off the Frost Faerie attack. But Klbkch—
It was still odd, talking to him. It felt like talking to a ghost, or—almost a stranger. But he was the same.
But different. And it made Erin hurt inside a bit to know it.
“I know what you’re doing. You’re trying to make more Workers like Pawn, right? By playing chess?”
“Ah.”
Even Erin could figure that out, given enough time. She shook her head.
“It’s not going to work.”
“May I ask how you know?”
“Remember the first time we played and I taught them?”
It seemed so, so long ago. But had it only been a month ago? Two? Erin wasn’t sure. But it felt like nearly a year.
