2.20
Page 11
One of the faeries floated across the room, staring hard at Erin. The cold that emanated from her small frame was enough to make Erin flinch away, and when she spoke, the faerie’s voice was serious and cold, for once.
 
“Do ye threaten us with cold iron when we have guest-right? Would you break the laws of hospitality, mortal?”
 
Erin hesitated and lowered the frying pan. There was a glint in the faerie’s eye that made her very uneasy. And the thought of saying ‘yes’ make huge, clanging alarm bells ring in her head. Not quite as loud as when her [Dangersense] had gone off with Skinner, but almost.
“No. Noooooo…but Ceria’s my guest too! You can’t be mean to her if you want to stay here!”
The faerie snorted and pointed at Ceria.
 
“Bah! The half-spawn is no guest of yours! She pays nothing, and offers nothing for the boon of hospice! We may do as we please!”
 
How did they know that? But too late. Now that Erin had promised she wasn’t going to do anything, the faeries resumed attacking Ceria mercilessly.
 
“Whore! Whore! Whore and slut and bastard!”
“Kill yourself you freak!”
“Abomination!”
 
Ceria hid in a corner, weeping, as they surrounded her. The faeries were merciless, and Erin and Ryoka couldn’t stop them.
“Why are they so mad?”
Erin shouted it at Ceria. The half-Elf shook her head.
“They do this. They always do this. Ever since I was a child—!”
She yelped and screamed as a faerie ripped out a chunk of hair. Ryoka growled, and the faerie flew backwards, laughing with her bloody trophy.
 
“A chunk of hair from the daughter of whores! Hah!”
 
“Stop calling her that.”
Ryoka snarled, and the faeries around her laughed. They stopped long enough for the one who’d ripped Ceria’s hair out to fly back.
 
“And what would you have us do, Human? Play nice with the daughter of sluts and cravens?”
 
“No. Just pick on someone your own size.”
The faerie eyed Ryoka incredulously. She flicked a glance at Ceria.
 
“The pathetic thing is far larger than we, short-sighted fool.”
 
“Exactly. I’m telling you to piss off and go bother someone else. A snail, perhaps, or maybe a hornet’s nest.”
It was like listening to children, in between the flashes of adult speech and terrifying seriousness. The other faeries ooohed and laughed as the faerie in front of Ryoka shrieked with high laughter.
 
“Oh, and you’d stop us how? Will you break the guest-right? We will do the same to you?”
 
She flew at Ceria, shouting loudly at the half-Elf, hands reaching for her.
 
“Whore! Whore! Filthy slut and spawn of bastards! Drown yourself you filthy half-breed, you wh—”
 
Erin didn’t see Ryoka move. Even as Erin had flailed around desperately, the other girl had been moving slower, slower. She’d been watching the faeries as they flew, and now she acted. Her hand came up and flashed at the faerie as it flew by Ryoka’s face. And caught her.
Ryoka punched the Frost Faerie out of the air. Erin heard a yelp of surprise, and then the faerie smacked into the floorboards, and tumbled, coming to a stop a few feet away at the foot of a table.
All sound in the inn—ended. The faeries stopped laughing. Ceria froze up, staring at the frost faerie that was now clearly visible even to the half-Elf. The faerie lay still for a second, and then slowly sat up.
She didn’t appear to be hurt. Her crystalline skin looked undamaged from the impact, and indeed, Ryoka was the one clutching at her knuckles and rubbing at the frost coating her skin. But the faerie’s eyes were hard and dark as she stared up at Ryoka.
