2.20
Page 3
But people were different here. Some were better. Or maybe it was just that Ryoka noticed they were better. It might be that there were monsters, actual monsters to fight, or that people had to risk their lives. Those who went through trials might strip away some of the things that burdened people like Ryoka, might make themselves different.
Ryoka pushed open the door and stopped.
Or—perhaps they were altogether too alien for Ryoka to ever comprehend.
Ceria sat on the bed the Antinium had helped construct, in the light from the window, her features fair, her hair caught in the sun. Sometimes Ryoka forgot that half of her ancestry was immortal. Long dead, yes, but the flickers of her unearthly nature made Ceria so unique at times.
At others, she was just like any human. But Ryoka had never asked her about her parents. And—
She had the sense that it was something she shouldn’t ask for a long time, anyways. Not if what Ryoka thought was true. Cause and effect. Predictability.
The world was made of sad stories.
Such as these.
Ceria turned as she heard Ryoka step into the room. She wiped at her eyes, but didn’t pretend she hadn’t been crying.
“Ryoka. Sorry, I didn’t know you were back.”
“Something wrong?”
“Where should I start?”
Ceria laughed. She held up her skeletal hand mockingly, and shook her head.
“No. It’s not that. It’s Yvlon. She’s awake.”
For a second Ryoka had to remember, and then she recalled the female adventurer captain who wore silver armor. She felt a pang of guilt, remembering Yvlon had been at the Adventurer’s Guild and she’d only visited her once. But—
“Is she okay?”
“Her body is. They fixed most of the injuries she got, but she’s—scarred. But her mind…”
Ceria shook her head, despairingly.
“She just woke up. When she saw me, I thought—she blames herself.”
“Ah.”
It said it all, really. Ryoka listened to the sound of the same tragic story replaying itself out behind Ceria’s words.
“I had to leave because she was getting agitated. But she knows almost no one’s left. And the insurance—”
“The gold for the families of the dead?”
“Yes. We can’t pay it. I mean, she’s the only captain left, and her squad perished entirely in the Ruins. There are about eight others who made it, and they’ve scattered to the winds. And all our equipment was seized by the Watch.”
“And how does she feel about what happened?”
Ceria raised her shoulders slightly, and let them drop.
“How do you think? She blames herself for everything, never mind that Skinner ambushed us. But she wouldn’t calm down, and we had to get people to stop her before she injured herself. I had to go.”
The news had affected the half-Elf, Ryoka could see. But as to making Ceria feel better—
Ryoka looked to the stairs, wondering if she could call Erin. If not for support, at least for advice. Ceria noticed her look and shook her head.
“I’m fine. I wouldn’t want to disturb…whatever she and Olesm are doing.”
“Not having sex, if that’s what you’re wondering.”
Ceria half-choked. Ryoka stared at her, eyebrows raised.
“I—”
She hesitated.
“About Olesm…it was—”
“Forget it. I didn’t come here to ask about that. And I don’t want to bother you. But if it’s a problem, I’d rather ask now before you melt Erin’s face off.”
“It’s freeze, actually. I’m not good at fire spells. And I wouldn’t do that.”
Ceria sighed and settled back on her bed, gesturing for Ryoka to take a seat. The girl rejoiced internally; she’d gotten the topic away from adventurers and death. Smooth conversationalist, Ryoka was not.
