2.20
Page 6
The orb drifted up out of her palm. It was just as bright as normal; no brighter. Ryoka frowned at it.
“How do I—?”
Wait, that was a stupid question. Who asked for the answer to everything? Ryoka closed her eyes, concentrating, and then the orb grew brighter behind her eyelids.
“Huh. That was…quick.”
It was tiring to add more energy to the spell. Ryoka focused though, and the orb grew brighter…brighter…
But not that bright. Ceria was shading her eyes, but it wasn’t as if she was in any danger of going blind. Ryoka sensed she might be able to increase the light of the sphere, but she didn’t want to risk anything.
She let the orb disappear. That was another trick she’d just figured out. It was like pushing or pulling, but maybe absorbing and releasing were better ways of thinking of how she could control the power within her.
Whichever it was, the sensation was in a part of Ryoka’s mind she hadn’t even realized existed. Was…magic just like tonsils or an appendix? Something long forgotten?
“That was impressive. It’s hard to imagine something that bright. I can’t do it, myself.”
“Imagine?”
Ceria nodded.
“Mages can’t form spells based off of nothing. The images in our heads become spells. So I can make the light spell really bright, but not as bright as, say, the sun.”
She raised her hand and another orb of light appeared. It turned a bright white as well, but not as bright as Ryoka’s.
“Guess I don’t look at bright things that often, huh? And I’ve never seen the sun up close so I have no real idea what it looks like. The fact that it is so bright makes it hard to envision. What did you look at to see something so bright?”
Floodlights at parties. Police lights. Car headlights, and the sun, yes, because she was stupid when she was a kid.
“Fire, and stuff like that. Ah, you’re saying that I can learn a spell better if I understand what goes into it?”
“Well, I suppose you could say that. Most mages have specialties—something they understand. Myself, I understand the cold. Spent a few winters in the snow and ice, and I’ve always liked snowflakes. But I’ve studied icicles as well, and…well, it just means spells like [Ice Spike] make more sense to me.”
She nodded at the orb of light in her hands.
“You can probably figure out the rest yourself, but I’ll teach you how to manipulate the [Light] spell. But as for [Haste] and [Fireball], you’re on your own. If I hear of someone selling a spellbook with those ones in it, I’ll let you know, but if you’re buying an entire book for one spell…”
“It’s not worth it. Right.”
“Well, you could learn other spells within, but I was going to say it’s too expensive. Spellbooks with Tier 4 magic in them are way out of my price range, even back when I was with—with the Horns.”
That might be different soon. Ryoka wondered how much eight hundred gold would get her. Probably a Tier 1 spellbook, or Tier 2 at best. But magic…she was willing to spend as many sleepless nights as necessary for magic. But if she had a class, how fast would she learn it?
Ceria must have sensed Ryoka’s dilemma.
“I’m still not sure why you don’t like classes, but—well, I’ve said enough in the past. If you don’t want to do it that way, it’s fine. Magic requires study even with levels.”
Ryoka nodded, relieved. Another choice deferred. Not a good practice, but she could think it over all day and all week if she had to. The Wandering Inn was a good place to learn and stay.
Ceria pointed to Ryoka, and changed the orb of light in her hands into a square.
