2.20
Page 0

When Ryoka finished her run, she found Erin and Olesm sitting around the chessboard, discussing chess. She, Val, and Hawk stopped to watch the two.
If running was their world, Erin and Olesm belonged to the silent, mystifying world of chess. It reminded Ryoka a bit of religion, only instead of an altar or text, Erin and Olesm used a chessboard.
But then, would playing chess be the equivalent of prayer? And what was blasphemy? Flipping the board? And why was Ryoka taking this analogy so far?
She coughed into one hand. Olesm and Erin didn’t even look up.
“See, that’s when I knew he was pushing with the left side and trying to set me up for a pin. Here. So I did this and…”
“Ah! That’s when he made the blunder!”
“Right. But even if he didn’t, I would have taken a pawn and taken an advantage for the endgame. Which is where it would have gone if he hadn’t opened himself up like that.”
Olesm was busy writing on pieces of parchment as Erin explained. At least she looked happy. Ryoka still wasn’t sure about the advisability of playing chess with someone unknown but—
Trust. She had to trust Erin. Not with everything, but at least with this.
Ryoka coughed again, louder. Then she gave up.
“Erin.”
Erin looked up. She caught sight of Val and Hawk, and her eyes widened.
“Oh! Oh!”
Olesm looked round and nearly dropped his quill.
“Is that Hawk? What are you doing here?”
Hawk smiled as he and Val stepped into the room. Ryoka was displeased to note that they weren’t even sweating.
“We had a morning run, and Hawk and I were thinking of staying here for a chat. Unless you’re busy with your…game?”
“What? The chess? Oh, no. We’ve got lots of tables.”
Erin hovered around the two Couriers as they chose a table on the other side of the room. She kept staring at Hawk, and Ryoka knew she wanted to pet him. Erin was complex in many ways, but her hand was twitching.
“Can I…get you two anything? Breakfast? An early lunch? Snacks?”
“Can I have a hamburger?”
Hawk looked wistfully at Erin. Val groaned.
“Anything but a hamburger. How about those potato strips?”
“French fries? Sure! One hamburger and fries coming up. You want ketchup? Everyone wants ketchup.”
Ryoka looked at Olesm as Erin bustled around. The Drake was still writing on the parchment. Chess…notation?
“Now would be a good time for you to use your head, idiot.”
Olesm looked up.
“Hm? I’m sorry, were you speaking to me, Ryoka?”
“No. Myself.”
He went back to writing. Ryoka tried to clear her mind. She’d had her morning run, and that was helping dispel the effects of last night’s partying and drinking.
Now—concentrate. What was he doing? Writing things down. Obviously. Try to think a bit harder than pre-school level analysis. No, if Olesm was writing down Erin’s chess game—presumably against the other player—and given her comments about an equal game…
Erin was considered better than anyone else…
Ah. He was making a record of chess games. That was again, obvious. But Ryoka could see him making commentary notes on another sheet. And you only did that when…
“A newsletter. Or magazine.”
Olesm looked up again.
“Hm?”
“Sorry. Just thinking aloud.”
“It’s quite fascinating, isn’t it? Erin is a brilliant player and her opponent—”
“I imagine you must level quite often, playing her.”
The Drake made a face Ryoka could only describe as ruefully awkward.
“Not that much. But you’re right. I did level up quite a bit, and quite quickly too!”
