2.20
Page 9
The tall Asian girl faced the Frost Faeries without a trace of fear as they hovered in the air around the inn. Erin stood behind Ryoka with a lot of fear, remembering the avalanche that had hit her last time they’d gotten mad.
“You are not welcome here. Begone from this place.”
The Frost Faeries jeered as Ryoka pointed towards the door. One of them raised two fingers—an insult?—as she floated in front of Ryoka’s face.
 
“Hah! We can enter this place! It has no filthy iron in the making of it, and we were told we would be welcome as guests! We have a standing invitation, fool!”
 
Ryoka turned her head to look at Erin. The other girl looked innocently at her feet and mentally kicked herself repeatedly. The other girl leaned over to whisper in Erin’s ear.
“Is that true?”
“I didn’t know! They were going to attack the Workers while they were building so I said—I didn’t know!”
“Faerie bargains. Never trust anything they do.”
“Don’t make them mad, Ryoka! They can cause avalanches…and they know King Arthur?”
“…What?”
One of the faeries had been hovering right next to the two as they whispered. She laughed shrilly.
 
“Hah! Is that all ye wee mortals think about? King Arthur? The stupid wanker didn’t even know of Caliburn when we spoke of it!”
 
“Caliburn? You mean the Sword in the Stone?”
Ryoka’s gaze riveted upon the faerie, and Erin felt like an idiot. But the faerie just flipped them both off and flipped away into the air.
 
“You ask questions of guests? Where is our welcome, our drink and food? We demand our due! Bring us thimbles of wine and golden cakes and marzipan tarts and custards and we may grant you a boon!”
“But first let us chase off this impertinent one who would dare share this roof!”
 
“Ah!”
Ceria cried out as a faerie landed on her arm, freezing the flesh. Ryoka intercepted the next one, shielding the half-Elf with her body.
“Stop that. Now.”
One of the faeries eyed Ryoka malevolently.
 
“Ah, ye’d take the bitch’s side, would you, Human?”
 
Ryoka made no reply. Her eyes were narrowed, and one of her fists was clenched. Erin crouched next to Ceria, trying to think. Ceria whispered to her, eyes frantic.
“What do they want? Why are they here?”
“You can hear them?”
Erin was surprised. Everyone else treated the faeries – or Winter Sprites as they called them – like fuzzy blobs they couldn’t see. But Ceria could see something, clearly. The half-Elf nodded as she squinted her eyes.
“I can only hear these whispers, but I can see—something. They don’t like me. The winter sprites don’t like any half-Elves.”
 
“Don’t like you? We hate you, whore’s sons and daughters!”
 
One of the faeries dropped on Ceria’s head, and her hair froze stiff as the half-Elf screamed. She was too afraid of the Frost Faeries—Erin wondered what they’d done to her in the past.
“Stop that!”
Erin tried to swat the faerie away, but it just hissed at her, making her pull her hand back.
“If we give you something to eat, will you leave?”
Ryoka asked one of the faeries, and received only an insolent shrug in reply. She looked at Erin.
“Erin—make something for them.”
“What?”
“Something—”
Ryoka hesitated, and put her hand to her head as faeries flew around her, making faces and rude comments.
“Something sugary. Milk and sugar. Just hurry!”
Erin dashed into the kitchen and grabbed the bag of sugar and the milk she had left. She grabbed a bowl, poured nearly as much sugar as milk into it, and brought it out.
