2.20
Page 2
Was it an accident? Or…was it on purpose. Chess. It had just been invented in this world, and it was gaining popularity among [Tacticians]. Enough so that one person had sent an expensive chessboard across the world, paying probably thousands of gold coins for the board, delivery, and so on.
Because they loved chess? Or because they knew it would help them level up if they found a worthy opponent?
Did the person who invented chess know they’d found a way to peacefully, easily level up their class? Or was it coincidence?
And what the hell should Ryoka do about the chessboard?
She considered her options. They weren’t numerous, and most of them would lead to Erin pitching a fit, even if the board ‘disappeared’ by accident. And the dangers…
True, it would help one person. But considering them an enemy because they might be using this to their advantage wasn’t wise. For all they knew, they were benefiting Erin as much as themselves, and that was if Ryoka’s darkest fears were completely on a level.
At any rate, Erin’s skill made her noteworthy, and more importantly, valuable. Was it better to be valuable and noticed or hidden and secret? She’d already sent the letter, and it would invite more problems to stop now.
Let her play was Ryoka’s plan of action, but she resolved to talk with Erin as soon as possible. Right after—
“Hey, do you want some fries?”
Ryoka nearly jumped out of her skin. Erin stepped back to avoid Ryoka knocking the big platter of golden, crispy, french fries. Ryoka stared at them.
“That was fast.”
“Yeah, it’s this new skill I got! [Advanced Cooking]. It makes preparing everything so easy, and look!”
Erin held up the plate in front of Ryoka. Each fry had been cooked until the skins were golden-brown, and Ryoka could just imagine the crunch. And hear it, because she’d tried one.
“This is good.”
“I know, right? So much better than the ones I made the first time! Skills are awesome!”
There was no denying that. Awesome. And scary.
“Anyways, I made a ton since I want to eat while I play with Olesm. Too bad they’re so greasy, but I bet the pieces won’t even take the grease!”
Erin beamed as she pointed to the magic chessboard and the ghostly pieces. Yes, that was Erin. Give her a magical chessboard capable of playing anyone around the world and she thought it was nifty because she wouldn’t get food on the chess pieces.
…Actually, if Ryoka could do that with clothing she wouldn’t mind forking over as much gold as necessary. Erin carried the food over to Val and Hawk, much to their approval and called out over her shoulder.
“Oh yeah, I forgot! Ceria’s upstairs, Ryoka!”
“What?”
Ryoka looked over, confused.
“She’s back already?”
They’d barely been gone for two hours, even with their discussion about dangerous places and monsters to avoid. Erin nodded.
“Yeah, she said she wanted to rest. But I’m sure she’s still awake. You could invite her for…french fry brunch! Or let her sleep if she’s napping.”
“I might do that.”
Ryoka left Erin behind as the innkeeper happily went back to the game with Olesm and the Couriers began eating. The taste of the french fry lingered in Ryoka’s mouth. It wasn’t quite a McDonald’s fry, but damn it, it was close. Skills were the scariest thing in the world if they could let Erin do that.
“And maybe they’ll change me, too.”
Absolute power corrupts absolutely. But what did…changes like classes and levels do to people? Empower? Or turn them into unstoppable bullies who picked on the weak?
Ryoka knew what it would do to people from her world. She’d seen the Stanford Prison experiment footage.
