2.20
Page 4
“Slime molds, I’d nearly forgotten about last night…look, I’m not sure what Olesm thinks. But if Erin’s interested in him—”
“She’s not.”
“Are you sure?”
“Fairly. It would be obvious, wouldn’t you imagine?”
“I would. But Olesm likes her.”
“Right. And you like Olesm.”
“A bit.”
Ceria smiled, and Ryoka had to ask.
“So?”
“Ryoka, I’m not saying anything. Just…it was good. And I like him for more reasons than just him saving my life, although that helps. We spent days down there with only each other to talk to. Whisper, really.”
“I’m not judging. But I wonder if others will.”
Ceria lost her slight smile, and Ryoka regretted saying that. But it was a good point.
“I wonder…we’ll see. I’m not even sure if there is a next time or anything. But…”
She sighed.
“Enough about him. He likes chess, and I’m sure he’s honest. He and Erin can stare at that board all day, but I’m not going to. What did you come here to ask about?”
“Magic. But if you don’t feel like it I can…”
“No, no. Now’s a good time as any.”
Ceria waved her hand and moved awkwardly to face Ryoka. She let her skeletal hand sit in her lap as she spoke. It was still hard to ignore, but Ryoka tried to meet Ceria’s eyes without turning it into a staring contest. It was awkward; she’d rarely had a long conversation at close-range. Or at any range, really.
“I suppose it was wrong of me to teach you a single spell and just leave you, but I was assuming you’d gain a level or two in the [Mage] class, and you’d be able to learn a few more spells from your level ups. But I guess that’s not going to happen, is it?”
“Not really. Is…that a problem? Can you not learn some spells or magic without a class?”
Ceria shook her head.
“No. It just makes things harder, that’s all. Leveling up is a great way to learn a new spell, and it’s so much faster than teaching yourself.”
She drummed the fingers of her good hand on her leggings.
“So, where shall we begin? If you want a formal education, I advise you to pull up a seat next to Pisces and wait for about a year. I can’t teach you what I learned in Wistram, but I can teach you some spells, if you want.”
“Anything you can do is fine by me. But I don’t know any of the basics of magic. How wands work, how spells work…”
“Wands amplify your magic. They have stored energy which may or may not restore itself over time. Depends on the quality of the wand—some contain spells that you can trigger once or multiple times.”
“Fine. Then how about artifacts?”
“Think wand, only usually with recharging mana and deeper reserves. Also, if you ever get one, never tell anyone you have it because some people will kill for it. Or offer you a king’s ransom.”
“Spells? I’d like to learn some.”
“Got a month?”
Ceria raised an eyebrow and Ryoka had to smile.
“You taught me [Light] in a day. Can’t you teach me another one?”
“If I know it. Or Pisces might help, but he’s finicky. Which one did you want to learn?”
Ryoka had a list. She’d thought it over, and if she could learn any, there were three she’d desperately love to know.
“How about [Detect Magic], [Fireball], and [Haste]?”
Ceria rolled her eyes.
“Everyone wants to know how to cast [Fireball]. Well, you’re out of luck. I can’t cast it, and neither can Pisces. I used a wand for that when I had to cast the spell. But I do know [Ice Spike]. Trouble is, you probably won’t be able to cast it without a wand.”
“Really?”
“Yes. It’s a matter of shaping the energy. Oh, I could cast the spell once, but the backlash would hurt. Maybe if I had a skill or more levels…plus, it’s Tier 3.”
“Which means it will take a long time to learn?”
