2.20
Page 13
“I recall. You played both Olesm and me, as I remember.”
“Yeah, and then I invited the Workers to play. But that was it. They weren’t forced. And later—I asked Pawn his name. That’s how he chose it.”
Klbkch was silent for a second, staring at Erin.
“You asked him his name? That was…dangerous. Most Workers become Aberration if that occurs.”
“Yeah. I know. But he managed to do—something. Because he played chess, I get that.”
“Because of you.”
“Not just me.”
Erin shook her head, but Klbkch was insistent.
“You have the quality. It is that which we seek.”
“Yeah—maybe. Probably not. But either way, you’re not going to get it by forcing the Workers to do anything. Ordering them around won’t make them individual because they’ve got to do it, see?”
Klbkch was silent for so long, Erin was worried, but then he nodded.
“I…believe I do. Odd. I believe…yes, I believe I do. It is a strange thing, for Antinium to comprehend. And it raises a problem which must be considered. But yes; I understand.”
He’d nodded, then, and ordered the Workers to stop playing. He was so bossy with them, but then Klbkch had told Erin they’d try again later, and that would have been fine. Fine, if it wasn’t for what happened afterwards.
“Stop. That.”
Erin stood in front of Relc, trying not to tremble. Was this how Ryoka had felt? He loomed over her, and only now did she realize how big he really was. How strong he looked. How—
She saw Toren moving behind the Drake, although he didn’t have a weapon. Erin shook her head slightly, and shifted to protect Rags. No one could stop Relc with force, she was certain. But maybe she could talk him down. She had to.
He stared at her with hurt and rage, and then a Frost Faerie had flown up and landed on his head. He’d run shouting from the inn, and Erin had sagged against one table.
“I will make apologies for my partner, Erin Solstice, and to you, Rags. I believe he cares about me, and you. But he fought in the Goblin Wars and thinks of Goblins as enemies. I will speak to him, but it may be best for all if the Goblin does not come here for a while.”
She’d nodded, and the faerie had flown back in, looking smug and satisfied.
 
“There! ‘Tis the boon fulfilled for your meager offering, Human! The hotheaded oaf will not bother you again today!”
 
And so she’d left and Rags had left, wounded and full of pride, and Ceria had gone to sleep and the faeries had flown off and Klbkch and Pawn and the Workers had left until Erin was all alone.
Except Toren was back.
Erin sat in her inn, at a table, tired, cold. But no longer alone.
“It was supposed to be such a good day, you know?”
He stared at her. Good old Toren. Where had he gone? But he couldn’t answer her. He was just…just…
What was he? Erin stared at him. He was more than a thing, but he was so slow. Could he think? He was an undead servant, according to Pisces.
“A lot’s happened, you know. A lot of good. Some bad.”
She felt tired. Yesterday had been wonderful, beyond words. And the days before that equally good. She’d rebuilt the inn, and created success out of failure.
“But I guess I can’t do that every day.”
Erin put her head down. Ryoka was gone, and Erin wasn’t sure when she’d come back. Faeries were flying in and out of her inn whenever they pleased, Ceria could move her hand, Toren was back, the Antinium had a weird problem, Relc was being a jerk even if he sort of had a reason, and Rags was hurt and missing and her tribe might be killed if they came back.
Some good. Lots of bad. But Toren was back. On the whole, Erin would consider that even-steven with the universe’s karma.
