2.20
Page 8
Ryoka was frowning at the board, Erin noticed. Did she want to play? But the running girl wasn’t interested in that.
“Are you two done playing for the moment?”
“I think so. I think whoever’s on the other side is busy, because they tapped the board twice with a pawn and then stopped. But I bet they’ll play me tomorrow. And they’re so good. Isn’t it great?”
“Wunderbar. But is the other player really that good?”
“They’re really, really good, Ryoka. The best I’ve met in—”
Erin hesitated, realizing she might be hurting Olesm’s feelings, but the Drake nodded.
“They’re the best I’ve seen, too. They must be a [Strategist]!”
“That’s a different type of [Tactician]?”
“No—it’s like a [Spearmaster]. They’re class changes that occur when you reach a certain level. You get specialized or…better skills.”
“Ah.”
Erin beamed, and she wondered when the mystery player would play her again. He’d won one game. Normally Erin didn’t feel bad about losing but—
It was a glorious day. She had french fries that were easy to make, Ceria and Olesm in her inn, and Val and Hawk and Ryoka as well!
But then the Couriers decided to leave, which was fine, and Olesm decided he needed to get back to the city as well. That still left Ceria and Ryoka, and Erin was happy to have them both here.
“What should we do? We can talk, or play games—other than chess—or we can go to the city or—”
“Hide.”
Ryoka was staring out a window. Erin followed her gaze and her heart sank just a little.
Frost Faeries were swarming around her inn, peering through the glass, making faces, and then—
Entering?
No. It couldn’t be. But as Erin watched in silent horror, the door slowly opened inwards to let a Frost Faerie into the room.
The small, azure creature looked around the room and smiled as Ryoka froze and Erin became a waxwork of horror. Ceria backed away until she was nearly towards the stairs, but too late. The Frost Faeries flew in.
They blasted in with a gust of cold air that put out the fire in the fireplace and reintroduced winter to Erin in a painful, freezing way. Ryoka and Erin covered their faces as icy particles stung their skin, and then the faeries were everywhere.
 
“Look, look! Two humans and a filthy halfling!”
“An inn! A place to rest and eat!”
“I shall have grilled pig! No! A grilled horse!”
“Look how they stand there, dumb and slow!”
“‘Tis without iron! Without pain!”
 
“What’s happening?”
Ceria shouted above the din of voices as Ryoka and Erin stared around. Faeries were everywhere, climbing walls, sitting on tables, upending plates—
“My kitchen! Hey! Stay out!”
Erin ran, waving her hands and shouting as faeries disappeared into the kitchen with shrieks of laughter and the sounds of breaking dishes. Ryoka was swatting at the nimble fey as they flew around her, tugging at her hair or pulling strands out. But as the air around her froze, even the runner had to give up.
But the worst afflicted was Ceria. As soon as Erin managed to chase the faeries back into the inn and they lost interest bothering Ryoka, the entire herd seemed to fixate on Ceria. And not in a good way.
 
“Half-elf! Whore!”
“Bastard’s daughter!”
“Filthy whelp!”
 
They flew around her as Ceria curled up, shielding her head. Some of the fairies dropped shards of ice on her; others threw patches of snow.
“Stop it!”
Erin’s voice wasn’t quite thunder, but it was louder than even the din of the faeries. They paused, and she hesitated, realizing she had no idea what was going on or what to say.
But Ryoka did.
“Why are you in here? I though faeries never entered buildings!”
