2.21
Page 7
“Flowers. I need lots of them. As many as you can find, okay? Big ones, small ones…if you’ve got some that are, y’know, wide enough to hold something, that’d be great.”
Erin was still thinking hard as she said it. She was trying to go back to the past. Yeah, as a child she had made meals for faeries. And if she was going to do it, wouldn’t it be…?
She realized something was wrong when Ceria took too long in replying. Erin looked over and realized Ceria was frowning at her.
“Erin, just because I’m a half-Elf, doesn’t mean I know where flowers are at all times.”
Erin blinked. Oh. Oops.
“Sorry. Was that racist? Species-ist…?”
“It’s nothing. I mean, we get that a lot. But most half-Elves don’t even like nature that much. We take on the cultures we’re raised in, so…”
Ceria waved a hand awkwardly. Erin nodded, disappointed.
“So you don’t know where any flowers are?”
Ceria hesitated.
“—Well, I suppose I could find some. Rot. Yes, of course I’ll go look. But just remember—!”
“Elves don’t like flowers. Got it. Sorry.”
Ceria opened her mouth, took a look at Erin’s face, and shook her head. Next, the girl turned to Toren, who stood up straight. His strange, new purple eyes burned bright in his skull. He seemed eager to accept his first new orders.
“Toren, I want you to get mushrooms. From caves, in forests…just don’t go near the city or anywhere too dangerous, okay? But I need lots of mushrooms by tonight.”
The skeleton immediately nodded and turned towards the door. Erin watched him walk out. Did he know the difference between poison mushroom and edible ones? Probably not. But if what she was thinking was right, it might not matter.
Think of faeries. Don’t think of them like people, but like stories.
Magic.
“I’m going into the city. I need to buy things.”
Erin reached for her coin pouch and hesitated. She took a handful of gold coins Krshia had helped her exchange and added them to the pouch.
“A lot of things.”
Ceria followed her out the door for a little bit, and then left. Erin walked through the snow, barely noticing the fact that she’d forgotten her second layer.
She’d held it in her hands, just for a second.
She was sure of it.
—-
A huge crowd of Gnolls and Drakes was gathered in front of the Watch barracks when Erin passed that way towards Market Street. She paused, long enough to realize that something was very wrong.
All the Gnolls were growling, or facing the barracks with fists clenched or claws extended. Their hair was standing up, and they were very still.
Standing in front of the entrance was Watch Captain Zevara, and at her side was Relc and Klbkch. The two heavy-hitters. Yes, something was wrong.
Erin listened to the shouting as she walked past. The Gnolls wanted in, and the Watch wasn’t letting them.
“Go back! Disperse! We’re holding the Human until a trial can be set up. Tomorrow! No one gets in or out, got it?”
Zevara was shouting above the howls and raised voices in the crowd. Not just Gnolls were angry of course; several Drakes seemed to be out for blood, but they were definitely a scaled minority in the crowd.
What had happened? But she had to follow the vision in her head before it was too late. Erin walked on, and noticed Klbkch’s head slowly turning to follow her before he focused on the crowd.
Keep moving. Keep walking. She had the vision.
But Erin stopped when she reached Market Street. Because of the fire.
It had swept through the street again, only this time there had been people close by, able to contain the blaze. In fact, the flames had only destroyed one place. A stall. One Gnoll’s stall, to be precise.
