2.21
Page 9
Selys tried to hurry Erin along as she snapped at Lism, but the girl paused. Her ears were ringing a bit. She stopped in front of Lism. The Drake looked alarmed, but then he looked around at the crowd and seemed to draw strength from the onlookers.
“Well? Are you going to attack me too, Human? Go ahead. Prove what a menace your kind is!”
Erin stared at him. Then she shook her head. She was aware other people were staring at her, so she raised her voice as she addressed Lism.
“You are not a nice person. Olesm’s nice, but you’re not. If everyone was nicer, I think we’d get along. But I don’t like you.”
She stared him in the eye, and walked off. Selys hurried off after Erin. After a minute, she heard him shouting in outrage.
Erin didn’t care. She left the street behind and walked on. Sometimes, sadness was too much to process at once. Why did bad things happen? Why couldn’t everything be good?
Magic.
“I don’t—scales and tails, why did it have to happen like that? Poor Krshia. What will she do after that? Almost all her goods were in that stall, and it was warded for goodness sake! What kind of spell could tear through that?”
Selys was talking rapidly as she walked with Erin, upset. Erin nodded once or twice, but then she had to ask.
“I’ve got to go. I’ve got—something very important to do. A guest. I need to buy ingredients.”
“Guests? Now? Erin…”
Selys hesitated. She sighed.
“I can help, I guess, but Krshia’s…look, who’s it for?”
“The faeries.”
For two long minutes Selys just gaped at Erin, searching her face slowly. Erin stared back, heart calm, heart racing.
“The—are you sure?”
“Yes.”
“But they’re—”
Selys hesitated. She looked at Erin again, searchingly, and took a deep breath.
“Okay. Since it’s you, okay. You look—explain it to me later? What do you need?”
Erin nodded. She felt grateful.
“Milk. Cream for butter, and…new cow’s milk.”
“Cream I can do, but new cow’s milk? What’s that supposed to be?”
“Is there a baby just born and a mother…who hasn’t given milk yet? That sort of thing?”
Selys had no idea. But she knew a Drake who knew a Drake who knew a Gnoll who said that there was a [Farmer] in a village north of the city who had a cow who was expecting a calf any day now. Two farmers, actually. One had definitely had a calf a week ago; the other might still just have a pregnant cow.
That was enough for Erin. She asked Selys for more help finding bags of sugar. The Drake gave her a very odd look when Erin bought two big bags with much of the gold she’d brought, but she just stared at Erin’s face and shook her head.
“I’ll get the shopkeeper to send a Street Runner to your inn. It’s close enough and she should do it with how much you’re paying her.”
Erin thanked Selys, and wandered away. She was still thinking. Yes. A half-Elf was pure, wasn’t she? Pure enough. And if you were going to gather dead and rotting things, why not a skeleton? It made sense, in that childish way.
As for milk…
Erin had to ask for directions, but eventually she left the northern gate and found the village. It was a small gathering on top of a large hill—it had to be a large hill to hold the houses and barn. In, fact, it was closer to a plateau, just with a gradient for a slope. Upland. That’s what the right word was.
She found the farmer’s barn and house a ways away from the village. Erin stared at the boars in a fence, and wondered why. Then she looked around and found an older Drake, tending to a calf still sticky and wet as he scrambled to his feet.
