2.21
Page 1
Erin stared down at the coffin. She wanted to say something profound, but the words escaped her,
“Maybe we need him. Now, I mean. More than ever.”
“Mortals always think so. Perhaps he will come. But that would be a miracle, and you are only dreaming. If he comes, it will be in the waking times, not now.”
“Oh.”
Erin sat on the coffin. She felt guilty, but it was just a fake thing. The lady seemed to approve, and sat with Erin.
“An odd mortal, you are. Odd, to listen deep enough to hear our voice. Odder still, to walk into this place, even a small fragment in dreams.”
“I can’t help it. I think it’s a Skill.”
The lady snorted in a very un-ladylike manner.
“If the game of Gods were all it took to meet us so, we would be long dead. No. Even if it was something taken from them, the start of it came from you.”
She prodded Erin, and it hurt even in the dream. Erin frowned and rubbed at the spot.
“Why are you so mean?”
“Why are you so dull?”
There was no helping it. Erin decided not to talk, which suited her companion. For a while, they sat together as the forest grew and darkened around her.
“It is past time to go.”
At last, the other woman said it and Erin nodded absently. She felt…like she was melting into the dream. Becoming part of everything and nothing. She received another prod, and this time didn’t even look around.
“Now, human.”
“Okay.”
Erin obediently began waking up. The world began to dissolve around her.
“Pst. Human.”
The woman leaned towards Erin, and she grunted. The woman was suddenly intent on her, and she spoke into Erin’s ear.
“Will you give me something for naught? A gift?”
“Mm? Sure.”
“I would like all the sugar in your kitchen. May I have it?”
“Sure.”
The woman smiled, and vanished. Erin looked around. Everything was fading away, and she felt herself leaving. But it felt so disappointing to her. She might never come back.
Stuck by a sudden impulse, Erin reached out and moved the lid of the coffin aside. The inside of it was empty; just a dark hollow. But when she reached down, her hand grasped something far below.
Erin grasped the hilt of the sword in the stone, and pulled at it. It came loose, and she held it aloft. It was just a dream, but it shone with a light unlike anything she’d ever seen.
Erin stared at it, and felt a tugging at her ear—
—-
“Give it back!”
Erin opened her eyes, as someone pulled hard at her ear. She yelped, and let go, and then sat up.
In her dark kitchen, something flashed with golden light, just for a second. Erin blinked, and then it was gone. She looked around, and realized she was awake just an hour before dawn.
But she was not alone. A gentle blue light filled the room, radiating from a small body that hovered just in front of Erin. The girl looked up into the face of a scowling Frost Faerie.
“Are ye a thief as well as a fool? You are not a king, but you would be, and twice damned to take what is not yours!”
Erin blinked at the tiny face, head full of clouds and her dream and stupidity.
“What?”
The faerie made an exasperated noise and flew off. Erin watched her settle on the counter, and then realized she was grabbing at something. The tiny faerie was shoveling something…into her mouth? She looked like she was standing at the foot of some massive dune.
Then Erin realized the ‘dune’ was white, made silver by the moonlight, and that it was in fact her sugar. All of it.
“Hey!”
