2.21
Page 8
Krshia sat on the ground in front of her burned venue, staring at the rubble and ash. Nothing remained of her goods, not the wooden stall, not the carefully organized supplies—nothing.
It was gone. Erased. And somehow, Erin knew that insurance plans hadn’t been invented yet in this world.
The street was very quiet. Gnolls and Drakes gathered around Krshia, giving her space, watching silently. Erin didn’t know what to do. But she approached anyways. The crowd stared at her with little warmth, but they let her pass.
“Krshia.”
The Gnoll barely looked up as Erin walked over. She sat very still, staring at her stall.
“Erin Solstice. It is a dark day, no?”
“Yes.”
What else was there to say? Erin paused, and then sat down. She stared at the ruined stall and part of her heart broke. But another part saw grass growing out of the destruction, a tree pushing its way past the cracked cobblestone, into the sky.
If she could do magic, then maybe—
“What happened?”
Krshia told her in a soft voice. It was the thief. Some human girl who Krshia had set a trap for with the other shopkeepers. It had worked, but the girl had a ring that cast a spell which destroyed her shop.
She was alive. The girl, that was. Scratched, bleeding, but alive. Krshia had turned her over to the Watch however reluctantly to face trial. That was the law. But the law wouldn’t restore Krshia’s stall, or her livelihood.
Erin didn’t know what to say. This was the way of the world. That was what her brain told her. Bad days, death, violence. It was all over the news. Bad days, for everyone, everywhere, never ending.
But it shouldn’t be this way. Erin looked at her fingertips. She could still feel it.
“If I can help—”
“Not now. Maybe we will talk. But now—”
Krshia sighed, and all the boundless energy she seemed to have went out of her. Her ears lowered, her tail drooped. Erin reached out to pat her shoulder, and someone shouted.
“It’s their fault! These Humans caused this!”
She looked around with the crowd. A Drake was standing several feet away, pointing angrily at Erin. She recognized him.
Lism.
“You see? This is all because of Humans! Twice now, they’ve destroyed parts of our city! First, when they unleashed the undead and now, an upstanding shopkeeper’s livelihood has been destroyed!”
His voice was strident as he gestured towards the burnt stall and Erin. Krshia stirred, looking at him, and Erin slowly got to her feet.
Why him? Why now? But misery followed misery. Lism continued, shouting to his audience who was far more receptive than Erin would have liked.
“Adventurers keep coming into the city, merchants shortchange us, and humans steal from our most respected citizens! When will it end?”
“Lism. Shut up.”
Krshia said it quietly, but there was an edge in her voice that made the Drake hesitate. The Gnolls around Krshia were silent, but they were on her side.
But those further out in the crowd and many of the Drakes…Erin looked around and stood up.
“Erin.”
Someone whispered to her. Selys. The Drake’s scales were slightly pale, and she looked around as if she was worried. Krshia turned her head slightly to Erin.
“You came here to shop, yes? Go. We will speak. We must speak. But now is not the time.”
“If you’re sure—”
“Go.”
The Gnoll looked at Selys. The younger Drake had tears in her eyes as she stared at the ruins of Krshia’s shop.
“Selys. You will go with Erin, yes? Help her.”
“Okay. Erin—”
Erin stood up wordlessly. She walked through the silent crowd, ignoring the stares. Lism had backed off, but he was still shouting and arguing. He yelled something at her as she passed.
