2.21
Page 5
The faerie stared. The tips of Erin’s fingers lost all feeling; her hand was pain and ice. But then her flesh touched the faerie’s arm, and it all stopped.
The cold melted away in seconds. Erin felt coolness under her finger and stopped biting her lip. She stared.
The faerie’s skin was smooth. It felt like neither flesh nor glass nor crystal, but some kind of fluid combination of the two. If you could turn ice to skin, if you could bring life to frozen air and capture it with magic, that would be what it felt like. Just the touch brought tears to Erin’s eyes. It was like Ceria, only far stronger. She was feeling something not of this world, not of her world. Something—
Something immortal.
And just like that, it was over. The faerie leaned away, and the contact was lost. Erin lowered her hand and clutched at it, but both frost and the terrible numb pain was gone. She stared at the faerie.
“It doesn’t hurt anymore.”
“Of course not. ‘Twas only a touch.”
The faerie shrugged her shoulders, but Erin was sure she was supposed to have given up when it got too cold.
“Was I supposed to give up and complain about the cold?”
It didn’t hurt to ask. The faerie just grinned as an answer; the little creature wagged a finger of her own.
“You have grit, fool child. Perhaps the cold was just a test. But even to touch the fey is a price of itself. You are lucky.”
For once, Erin was in complete agreement. She remembered the touch, that slight sensation on her skin, and knew she’d remember it forever. A piece of a larger mystery. And finally she found the right question to ask.
“What are you?”
“We are that we are.”
The words were familiar to Erin. But the faerie gave Erin no time to stare. The small creature flew into the air, and around Erin’s head.
“Well! Brave Human that ye are, will you keep me longer? Or will you feed me? If not, leave me be! I have snow to bring, and clouds to chase!”
“What? No I—thank you. But can I ask one last question?”
“If ye must.”
“Magic.”
Erin stared at the faerie. She remembered the feeling in her hands. And she wished with all her heart—
“Do you think—I could do something magical? I mean, Pisces told me I couldn’t do magic and Ceria thinks so too. I’ve got a skeleton, but…could I ever…?”
She didn’t know why she was asking a Frost Faerie of all creatures. But it was magical. It was something else, and—yes, Erin began to wonder if it was actually the wisest creature she’d met so far in this world. A miniature female Yoda?
The faerie scratched at her head and shrugged, unconcerned. Erin backtracked on the Yoda bit. But then the faerie laughed.
“Magic? Why ask when you should already know? The fools who call themselves mages in this world talk of magic as if it is something had by few. But you have tasted of it; how else would the bag of bones move except not for you?”
Erin’s heart began to beat faster. She tried to quell the excitement in her chest.
“But that’s not magic, is it? That’s just a bit in me; not enough to do any spells.”
“Spells? Pah. Are ye an old man walking back through time, to be concerned with such things? Who needs spells? Is magic so petty to be all sparkles and muttered words?”
The faerie laughed, and the tinkling sound lifted Erin’s heart. Slowly, the faerie flew towards Erin, and pointed towards the door. She cast no spell, uttered no sound, but the door opened as wind blew from the inside. The faerie grinned at Erin.
“Magic is.”
Then she flew out the door and disappeared. Erin stared after the faerie, and listened to the beating of her own heart.
It was loud in her chest.
—-
