2.22 K
Page 10
That was certainly the highest number Trey had ever heard. Teres also looked impressed, and for good reason. Both twins had learned the conventions of this world by now, and they understood what that meant.
“In Chandrar she is second-highest, but in terms of levels, you would still be able to count those in the world with a level close or higher than hers between the two of you.
“So she’s stronger than Gazi?”
Orthenon hesitated. He looked uncomfortable.
“If the four of us were to fight here and now, Mars would likely be the one who walked away. But I would not place money on such a bet. The Seven were chosen because they excelled beyond all others at some aspect.”
“And why are they called the Seven? Do you mean they’re like the Seven Deadly Sins or something?”
Teres had clearly been thinking the same thing, but the look she gave Trey reminded him that not everything was a manga. Orthenon looked perplexed.
“Seven Deadly…? No. No names. Just the Seven. There was no history of them before Flos named the first four. And then he slowly added to their ranks. The number has no meaning; if there were another worthy of it, they would have been eight. As it stands, they might as well call themselves the Five.”
“Why?”
“Two of the Seven are dead. They perished before our King went into his slumber. And two more have yet to return. Amerys, the Calm Flower of the Battlefield and Drevish, the Architect.”
“Why do they have those titles? I mean, sorry, what do they mean?”
Orthenon paused, and a rueful look appeared on his face.
“I believe they would not like me to tell you. If you must know, it would be wiser to ask them yourselves.”
He nodded, and Trey unwillingly walked over to join the three with Teres. He hadn’t asked because he wanted to put the question to those three themselves. But Teres wanted to know, and she was going to make him ask, he just knew it.
Mars was speaking to the others as the twins and Orthenon moved back into earshot.
“—Still surprised Amerys isn’t here. Drevish I could see; if he’s got some sort of project going on he wouldn’t abandon it even for our lord, but Amerys?”
She paused, and smiled at the twins as they approached. Trey tried to smile at her and meet her eyes and nothing else while Teres ducked her head.
“You two are the ones who woke my liege lord, aren’t you? I owe you a huge debt, Trey and Teres, was it?”
She bowed formally to Trey, and he shifted awkwardly with Teres. He took Mars’ hand as she offered it and felt a callused, strong grip that nearly crushed his fingers.
“Um, it’s really nice to meet you.”
“And you.”
Mars gave Trey another smile. He blushed and tried to keep his eyes…anywhere above her shoulders, really. She looked exactly like someone out of an anime or video game, which was to say, stylized, unrealistic perfection of the female form…according to males.
His head was confused, and he was about to do something stupid, so Teres kicked him. Trey blurted out the question on his mind.
“Why—why do they call you the Illusionist? Can you do magic?”
Mars blinked in surprise, and Takhatres chuckled lightly in amusement. He saw Teres edging away from Gazi, towards him.
Trey knew Teres liked the bird-man, and he’d been nothing but kind to them in the week since he’d arrived. But still, the curved beak and predatory look of the Garuda bird-man made him look ten thousand times scarier than Falco. He had a habit of moving his wing arms out slightly and shifting from one clawed foot to another when talking.
Mars scratched at one bright red lock of hair in embarrassment. The others chuckled.
