2.22 K
Page 13
“It will be enough to give to lieutenants and officers, or make one small group. I offer it to you for war, my lord.”
“More I could not ask for. Thank you Mars; it is a foundation to rebuild our armies upon.”
Flos smiled again at Mars and she bowed her head, blushing. Takhatres cleared his throat; it was his turn now.
“I have brought my tribe, and we have quadrupled our numbers since I last led them to war. Now my warriors are trained to fight fiercer, harder than before. We shall fly from the skies and blot out the sun on your enemies, my King.”
“I remember your tribe’s power before. I would not trade five armies for them, and I know they will spearhead the war. Takhatres, I offer you my thanks.”
Flos traded an arm-clasps with Takhatres and bowed his head slightly. Then it was Gazi’s turn. Trey could see the other three watching her, but the half-Gazer had not taken anything out. The half-Gazer spread her hands wide, smiling slightly.
“My lord, I regret to say I have brought nothing. What magic I have found, what treasures I have brought are not worth bringing to your attention. I can offer nothing but an amusing tale.”
“Oh?”
Flos’ brows shot up as Mars smirked and Takhatres covered his mouth briefly with a wing. They thought they’d won the contest, but Orthenon was frowning slightly at Gazi. And she had that slight smile on her face.
“Yes, my lord. You may know that I left this kingdom, and indeed this continent, to search for something that would wake your passions once more.”
“Indeed. And did you find it?”
“No, lord. Not at first. I searched countless places for creatures and monsters, but found nothing worthy. Until I came to a small inn in the city of Liscor on the continent of Izril.”
Trey listened with keen interest as Gazi described her first encounter with Erin. And he noticed that Flos was hanging on the half-Gazer’s words, his eyes alight with interest. And that Mars and Takhatres were growing less smug as the story went on.
“She—like the two here—comes from another world.”
Gazi gestured to the twins, and Trey and Teres exchanged a glance. Was she one of the people in the call? Could they meet Erin Solstice?
“A young woman who would leap into a burning pit to save a spider. And then toss it back.”
Flos stroked his beard and shook his head.
“—But I know you, Gazi. There is more to this story, is there not? Something about this girl is even more unique.”
The Gazer smiled.
“Yes, my King. When I looked at her, I saw that she had one skill I had never seen in my many years of travel. It is called [Immortal Moment].”
Now Flos’ undivided attention was on Gazi. He grinned, eyes alight with curiosity.
“[Immortal Moment]. An odd name for a skill. And…intriguing. I wonder what it does. Did you ever see her use it, Gazi?”
“I did not. I am not even sure Erin herself knew the nature of her skill.”
Flos frowned, and began to pace across the wide room, walking past the group.
“I know something of the nature of this world and classes and levels, and take a keen interest as you well know, Gazi. When one creates that which has never been before, they learn the skill automatically. It may be this young woman discovered a skill not of this world, and by doing so, earned it. If so—”
Gazi nodded.
“She is special. She alone has befriended Antinium and owns a skeleton as a servant. She talks with Drakes and Gnolls as equals, and she weeps to kill monsters. In and around her inn, she has forbidden slaying Goblins, and she teaches one how to play chess. And—”
She smiled, and touched her crusted eye gently with one gauntleted finger.
