2.22 K
Page 7
“Let assassins come. I will protect my King. It’s armies that will pose the greater threat. But how did news spread so far so quickly? I barely got word of your return a week ago, and I was close by.”
Flos smiled, and Trey felt the iPhone in his pocket, cold and hard. He’d kept it switched off ever since the call, but it had come as a surprise that he’d been allowed to keep it. Yet the King, for all he claimed Trey and Teres as his unwilling subjects, had insisted it was theirs.
“I believe I know how, and I would not be surprised if most nations had heard word of my return by now. No matter; I would hardly have kept it secret in any case. A King does not hide. And perhaps this way word will reach my farthest-flung allies.”
“But will they march to you or stay where they are? Either way, I would not count on this aid before the first enemy strikes.”
Takhatres said it bluntly, and Flos nodded. The King smiled, tugging lightly at his beard as he surveyed his city, bustling with activity.
“How to proceed, then? My kingdom is wasted; it will take much gold to cure their long sickness, and yet my treasury is empty. Those who could fight left to serve in other wars to feed their families, and my armory has only a few relics left in it.”
“You gave arms and armor to the soldiers who left.”
Gazi said it, and Flos nodded without a hint of regret.
“They earned it, and such things would have been useless to me as I was. No, I merely state facts, Gazi. And if arms were my only concern I would be lucky. But the walls crumble, and food is scarce.”
He turned towards the others, spreading his arms wide.
“If I have no army, no coin, few weapons and fewer supplies to feed my people, how should I move?”
It sounded dire, but the twins saw a smile on his face. His eyes were twinkling, and Trey realized that Flos was happy. The King looked at Gazi.
“Is it not wonderful? To be faced with such adversity from the start?”
She smiled a slight, enigmatic smile.
“As you say, my King. It is a fitting challenge for a beginning.”
“Would that life were thus.”
Flos sighed, and looked at Orthenon.
“We must exceed ourselves. For now, my Skills will help mobilize the people, but we must find a source of food to last us through this winter. It may never snow except in the desert, but we may still starve soon enough.”
Orthenon nodded. He gestured out the window at a small line of people, far below. Trey squinted, and saw an orderly group of people waiting to receive food from a wagon. No soldiers were guarding the wagon though, and it looked like the people helping unload the wagon were just volunteers.
“The stores from merchants we have seized will help, and more still have offered us goods at extremely generous rates, or for free outright.”
“For free? Why?”
Mars looked astonished, but Orthenon was not. He looked at Flos.
“They remember your kindness of years past, or they hope to earn favor with the kingdom. But it will still not be enough.”
The King frowned slightly, pondering the problem. He spoke into the air.
“‘Money is the root of all evil’, is that not one of the quotes from your world? Well, perhaps it is evil it engenders, for money itself would save lives and feed the empty bellies of children.”
Trey blinked at him and Teres shrank back even more as Flos looked at them. Were they supposed to reply? Sometimes Flos wanted a response just to hear their perspectives, or to know what people from their world thought. But now wasn’t one of those times. He turned back to the others and gestured out the windows.
