2.22 K
Page 14
“—And she is the one who injured my eye.”
The others stared at her. And then Flos burst out laughing.
“An [Innkeeper]? A girl below Level 20? She struck you?”
Mars looked incredulous and Takhatres was frowning, but Gazi smiled with her lord.
“Yes. The other girl I mentioned who went to rescue the doomed adventurers—Ryoka Griffin—she told me you lived. I hesitated, but it was Erin who dared strike the blow.”
“A girl who blinded one of my Seven, who slew a Flesh Worm, who comes from another world and befriends even monsters and plays chess…”
Flos shook his head and then laughed again, long and loud. He stared up at the ceiling, and then sighed, slowly.
“What a fool I have been. That so many people and wonders were right under my nose while I despaired.”
He looked at Gazi, and chuckled again.
“You have given me no arms to fight with, nor a soldier to raise my banner. But your story has lit a fire in my chest Gazi, and for that I thank you.”
She bowed her head, smiling wider.
“Thank you, my King.”
“But even if you had brought nothing but yourself and a host of enemies to my gates, I would have welcomed you with joy beyond joy. I trust you know that, Gazi.”
Flos looked at Gazi, and she raised her head. The look she gave her King was open, honest, and sincere, and Trey understood then that this was a side of Gazi few saw.
“I do, lord. I do.”
“Then let us celebrate!”
Flos whirled, and threw his arms out wide. He looked at Mars and Takhatres and then whirled both into an embrace.
“Two of my Seven have returned to me on this day; this is cause for feasting if we had food. But without, we shall simply drink of each other and let the stories of the past be our banquet. The council may wait. Let us sit, friends, and you will tell me all that has passed.”
He nodded at Orthenon, and the man moved smoothly into action. He gestured Trey and Teres towards the doors; they often helped him organize the staff. Trey already knew they would be using one of the smaller dining rooms and telling the chefs to prepare the best meals they could with what they had.
Orthenon opened the doors and paused. Trey nearly walked into him. Someone was waiting—a travel stained Courier who spoke quietly to the King’s steward.
Trey and Teres didn’t hear what was spoken, but Orthenon’s own smile promptly vanished. As he confirmed the delivery, he slowly accepted the package the courier had brought.
It was a large box of plain wood, nearly the size of Trey’s chest. And it was heavy, judging by the way the weary Courier held it.
Orthenon took the box without any difficulty, and slowly walked back towards Flos. The King paused in his laughter and let go of Gazi as his steward approached.
“Orthenon. What is this?”
“A delivery, my King. It came just now by Courier. It is from the Emperor of Sands.”
It was as if he’d poured cold water over a fire. Mars and Takhatres immediately lost their smiles, and Gazi’s eyes focused on the box, and she touched the sword at her back.
Flos’ smile slowly faded, and he stared at the box in Orthenon’s hand. Slowly, the king took it. He had no fear of a trap, but he studied the plain wood and heavy box with a troubled expression—one of the few Trey had ever seen on his face.
The box was plain wood, but it had a hairline crack around the top. Flos put his hand to the lid, and hesitated.
“Perhaps it is only a figment of my imagination. But Orthenon—I fear to open this box.”
The steward looked at his King. Flos returned the stare gravely.
