2.22 K
Page 15
“I have never met this Emperor of Sands. But it is no difficult thing to imagine that he bears me no good will. And this box—”
“My lord. I cannot see into it with my lesser eyes. Let me open it. It may be trapped.”
Gazi reached for the box, but Flos stayed her hand.
“No—no. It is not that I fear. This Emperor is not such a petty man, I think. But I do not believe he is kind, either. No…my instincts tell me I will regret knowing what is inside of this.”
He gestured to the wood box, and then sighed.
“And yet, I must open it. If I were ruled by fear, I would not be a King. So. Let us see what this Emperor of Sands sends me.”
Slowly, he put his fingers on the lid and slowly pulled the wood upwards. Trey saw the wood come away, and then…was it ice?
Yes, it was ice! Slowly, the box slid off of a cube of ice, perfectly fit inside the wooden frame. It was clouded from condensation, but slowly it slid away from the rest of the box as the wood fell to the ground.
Flos held the clouded cube of ice in his hands and looked down at it grimly. Trey was confused. It was just ice. Was it a gift of some kind? Magical? But then he noticed the others had gone silent, and Gazi’s eyes were fixed on the block.
Slowly, Flos wiped away the clouded front of the block of ice. Teres screamed. Trey thought he would puke.
Encased inside the block of ice was a man’s head. His hair was short and wavy, and his skin tanned and dark. He had grey hair, and many wrinkles, and stern features. They had been made even more stern with his last expression; one of bitter, deep regret. His mouth was twisted sideways and down, and his eyes were closed.
Flos looked at the head and said not one word. Takhatres, Mars, Orthenon, all were silent. But Gazi spoke. She said one word. A name.
“Drevish.”
The Architect. One of the Seven. Now Trey realized the significance of the message, and his stomach roiled even harder.
“Oh my friend. Oh, my dear friend, builder of marvels.”
Flos whispered the words as his hands shook. He stared down at Drevish’s head, his face twisted in anguish and grief.
“What have they done to you?”
Drevish had died from a swift chop to the neck. The blood still flecked around his neck as Flos slowly held the dripping cube of ice. Everyone was staring at him. Mars was gripping her sword, tears falling from her eyes even as they burned with rage. Takhatres bowed his head, crossing his wings together and murmuring what sounded like a prayer. Orthenon’s hand was clenched so hard Trey saw a streak of blood running down and staining his perfect clothing. And Gazi—
Gazi watched her King. There was no smile on her face. Only expectation. She was waiting.
Slowly, Flos sat down on the ground. He sat cross-legged, ignoring the water staining his clothing. He paid no attention to the melting ice block; he just sat, staring at his dead friend.
He spoke quietly.
“We are not ready.”
His vassals stirred. Flos spoke on.
“We are not ready. Not to cross swords with the Empire of Sands. We have no army; we barely have a garrison here. My people still starve. That is why we must wait.”
He slowly lowered his head until it was touching the block of ice.
“Even this greatest of insult must be borne, for our army is not even gathered. Those vassals who might join us still waver, and our old allies still know nothing of my return. Wisdom dictates we wait.”
Trey held his breath. He’d never seen Flos look so dispirited. Only once—only when they’d first walked across worlds and into that room and seen the man sitting in the small chair, weary and old.
