2.22 K
Page 12
“There’s an alliance of nations to the north that formed after the empire fell. They’ll come for us.”
“But they’re fearful. Hm. We might have time there. No, I think it’s the Empire of Sands.”
“I heard of a growing nation before I left. What is the Empire of Sands?”
“A new [Emperor] emerged a while back. He absorbed many of the nations in our lord’s empire and created a vast army. He’s sweeping across the continent, and his soldiers are strong.”
“And our armies are all scattered or gone. That may be our greatest loss.”
Orthenon spoke the words quietly, and the other three nodded. He looked at the twins, explaining.
“The might of our lord never lay with one particular army, or even his generals. At the height of our power we had countless armies and individuals fighting underneath our banner.”
Mars nodded. She counted off on her fingers.
“The Rustängmarder, the Forgotten Legion, and the Silent Marchers are lost to us for now. But the Sunless Ghosts might rejoin us if we take the coast. And the Grave Wardens—“
“We don’t have the gold to hire them.”
“They owe us a debt. Is honor nothing to them?”
“No, but they swore a vow. And fighting wars isn’t part of that. If we could offer them support as well—”
“What about the Mad Ones? They’re staying in…Averach? They would surely send a delegation if asked. No other ruler puts up with them as our lord does.”
“Mad Ones? Who are they?”
Surprisingly, it was Teresa who asked that question. Orthenon nodded.
“[Alchemists], mainly. But also a new class—[Engineer]. They’re a group of walking disasters that create wondrous inventions and chaos. Having one of them in your city practically guarantees destruction and loss of life, but under our lord they worked to create miracles for us.”
Mars looked distressed. She tugged at her long hair.
“I can’t say I’d look to them first for help. Maybe some of them might provide funds, items—but they’re hardly the army we need.”
“What about—”
Takhatres broke off and looked towards the door. The other three fell silent, and then the doors opened.
Flos strode into the room, smiling as he rejoined the group. And the discussion was suddenly over. His vassals put aside their concerns to listen to the words of their king. And more—
“My lord. I had not the chance to offer you this earlier, but I wish to present you with the labor of my travels.”
Mars spoke first, bowing to Flos and withdrawing a strange black bag with glowing symbols etched on it. Flos blinked, and smiled.
“A gift? You alone are one. But if it will help my kingdom, I will accept with gratitude. What have you found?”
“Weapons, my lord. Weapons, and armor and magical items for an army.”
The woman reached into the bag and pulled out a sword. It was curved, like a scimitar, but double-edged and it glowed purple in the light. Flos took it and admired the blade, talking with Mars.
Trey was captivated by the magical blade—and the other weapons Mars began to pull out of the magical bag, but Teres nudged him and he looked and saw what she did.
Gazi was staring at Mars and so was Takhatres, and Orthenon for that matter. They didn’t look…angry, but there was a hint of challenge in their eyes. And then he understood.
It was not a contest, and yet it absolutely was. Each of the four wanted nothing more than to please their King, and be the one who did it best. For Orthenon, he had nothing to offer, and yet his contribution—staying loyally by Flos’ side these long ten years—was a heavy thing to surpass.
Mars kept pulling magical weapons out of the bag until she had a small armory at her feet.
