2.23
Page 5
“No? Well, I may not be a citizen it is true, but I was in need of entertainment.”
“And you think this is entertaining?”
“Vastly. The incompetence of your Watch only matches the amusement of watching fools reap their just dues.”
Pisces nodded at the girl and chuckled. Even the other Drakes around him gave him looks of disgust and moved away, leaving Selys and Pisces together in an opening in the crowd.
“Incompetent? The Watch might not have found her, but she had magical artifacts that hid her—”
“Oh, I’m sure. What I was referring to was not that, but the speed with which they have expedited her sham of a trial and condemned her to death.”
Pisces nodded at the Captain of the Watch, Zevara, as she stood with Klbkch, Relc, and the other Senior Guardsmen. The Drake was watching with a scowl as Tkrn moved the girl further from the gates.
“Drake and Gnolls do not care about Humans—your people have in arrogance and panic forgotten to ask the most pressing questions.”
“Such as?”
“Oh, the most basic of questions. Why is this girl here? Who are her people? She is clearly the runaway of some noble house or lineage—why not keep her for ransom or at least contact other cities by mage spell?”
That was what Selys had been thinking, but she would never have admitted it to the condescending mage.
“We want her out of the city. The Gnolls want her dead, and this is the best compromise. Besides, Liscor doesn’t deal with Humans.”
“How memory fades. I recall just a few decades ago this place was a hub of trade between cultures. But ever since that unpleasantness during the Necromancer’s attack…ah, well, at least everyone is happy. Except for you, I note.”
Pisces peered at Selys and she leaned away from him, frowning. But he was right. And in lieu of anyone else to talk to, Selys reluctantly confessed her opinion. She lowered her voice, although she and Pisces had plenty of space.
“I’m all for punishment. But this—”
Selys waved at the girl, who was trying to fight her way past Tkrn into the city. She was desperate, but the Gnoll was unmoving. He kept shoving her back into the snow.
“—This is murder.”
“It isn’t murder if it’s a Human. I believe one of your friendly fellow citizens told me that.”
Selys had a pretty good idea of who. Lism had not been quiet after the attacks, and worse, no one was telling him to shut up. She sniffed and twitched her tail in irritation.
“Not everyone hates Humans. And she’s just a child.”
Selys squinted at the girl as she gave up and just knelt in the snow, sobbing.
“Isn’t she?”
“She’s quite young. That’s good. If she dies it will be less trouble to reanimate her.”
Selys turned her head to gape at Pisces in horror. But that was right—he was a [Necromancer]. The mage looked offended and spread his arms wide.
“What? I’m on your side here. The girl gets punished, everyone’s happy, and I get a free body.”
The Drake edged away from him.
“You’re a monster.”
“I practice my craft without harm. I don’t disturb your graves.”
“Because you’d be killed in a second if you did. I’m surprised the Watch let you in the city! You have a criminal record. You were a thief—you went to villages and scared folks into giving you food and coin!”
“I repaid my debts.”
“Only because Relc made you.”
“I paid three times what I took. In the eyes of the law, my debt is settled.”
