2.23
Page 15
Someone knocked on a door. Someone else opened it. It was an ordinary scene, except that it was Val knocking on Magnolia’s door, and it was a maid who came to open the expensive double doors and lead him inside the vast mansion that was her home within the city of adventurers, Invrisil.
But Val was used to the routine, and so he charmed the maid as she put him in a large waiting room and went to summon the lady of the manor. Magnolia was unique in that way; normally a senior maid or butler would handle Val, but he knew Lady Magnolia talked to all Runners, not just Couriers when accepting their deliveries.
And this one was special. Val had been puzzling over it the entire way north and he was wondering what Lady Magnolia would make of it.
He didn’t have long to wonder. Lady Magnolia, the deadly flower blooming in the north and scion of the Reinhart house swept into the room, charming Val before he could charm her.
“My word, is it Valceif? I haven’t seen you in—why it must be two months at least! Please, sit, sit.”
Val did so, watching as Magnolia sat herself in the rich little room, and her maids joined her. Well, only one maid today. Ressa, the head maid inclined her head at Val and he nodded back respectfully. It had taken a lot of work to get on the prickly maid’s good side, but then, he’d tried to conduct himself as respectfully as possible in Lady Magnolia’s house.
For good reason. No one made an enemy of the Reinharts and didn’t pay for it in some way. For one thing, Magnolia was a far better friend than enemy.
And Val liked her. So he smiled as he reached for his belt and brought out a folded letter and proffered it to her.
“I have a delivery for you, as you might imagine, Lady Magnolia.”
“Really? A delivery? I hadn’t expected one—at least, not from you.”
“Well, it’s a favor for a friend. I’m told you know Ryoka Griffin—this letter is from her to you.”
The name didn’t even make Lady Magnolia blink, but Ressa’s reaction was more dramatic. The normally unflappable maid stirred slightly, and then Magnolia smiled.
“Now that is interesting. Pray, when did you last see Ryoka?”
Val shouldn’t have been surprised Magnolia knew Ryoka; he knew the local Runner’s Guilds loved to fulfill her requests and each Runner took turns doing the lucrative deliveries, but he was surprised at Ressa’s reaction. He smiled back, trying to be as open and honest as possible.
“A day ago. She was in an inn just outside of Liscor. She left in a big hurry, but she gave me this before she went.”
He offered her the letter, and Magnolia took it. Her eyes sparked with interest as she took the letter from him. It was a simple thing, yet Magnolia scrutinized it and Val felt she took something away even from that.
“A letter from Ryoka Griffin. Well, well. Now what could it be…? Ah. It’s unsealed.”
Lady Magnolia took out a small piece of parchment and unfolded it. She looked at it, blinked, and then laughed.
Ressa stood stock still behind her lady, but Val knew that she had read the parchment as well. Her face was stony, but Magnolia was laughing in delight. Val had to smile too. He knew what the little bit of parchment said by heart, now.
 
We should talk soon.
            -R.
 
That was it. No secret ink, no hidden message. Magnolia’s laughing turned to chuckles before she regained her decorum. She tapped the parchment gently with one fingernail.
“You’ve read this, I take it?”
Val ducked his head apologetically.
“It was my price for delivering it. I do apologize, but—”
