2.23
Page 1
And began to shrink.
“What? Oh no! No, no—what’s happening?”
Toren stared down at her as Erin began shrinking towards the floor. The chairs, the tables—everything got taller around her. Erin stared around, too panicked to move.
The room grew around her until suddenly she was staring up at a ceiling as high as the clouds in the sky. Toren was—a giant tall as a skyscraper, and the nearest chair leg was like the trunk of a massive tree. Erin stared around in horror.
“Oh no. It’s the drink from Alice in Wonderland!”
It was magic! The flowers! That was wonderful and totally horrible at the same time. Erin began to panic.
“I don’t have the other one to make me big! W-what do I do?”
Maybe another flower would help. But suddenly, the table was a thousand of Erin’s feet up. She stared around, at her skeleton, the table, and herself.
Erin panicked harder.
 
—-
 
Toren hadn’t been having a good day. He hadn’t been having a bad day either, but today had been decidedly subpar. Ceria had brought him out of the inn when the curious blobs of blue light had appeared, and when he’d tried to warn Erin about the flowers, he’d been silenced and sent away.
The half-Elf had gone to the city, but Toren wasn’t allowed there either. So she’d told him to wait outside till morning.
Fortunately, Toren had not been ordered to follow Ceria’s instructions, just to follow her. And since he couldn’t follow her any further or return to the inn, he’d walked back until it was in sight and then waited until morning.
That had been unpleasant. It wasn’t that Toren got bored, but he didn’t like doing nothing.
He hated it. It was a feeling in his…chest. In the very core of his being. Toren felt something, and that was resentment.
He had been created to…to serve. That was his purpose, wasn’t it? Or was it something else?
To grow. To become stronger. Toren had already realized he was more than his common brethren. They could not restore themselves, and they had no levels. He was unique.
And he was Erin’s best helper. She trusted him. She—
She had sent him away even when he’d tried to help. Stopped him from doing his job. Toren wasn’t sure how he’d felt about that.
The skeleton had wanted nothing in the first days. Those had been good days, when there was only her words and him carrying out her words. The tasks had been hard—so hard!—but he had thought and worked and sometimes she had said ‘good job, Toren’.
But now he was thinking more, and the thinking was making Toren feel…complicated. It made his head ache; only he had no head that could ache or even a brain, so the feelings just built up inside of him until Toren wished he could smash his skull apart.
And now, Erin was doing something Toren couldn’t understand. Again.
The skeleton stared at his mistress as she toppled off her chair and began flailing around on the ground wildly. She shouted up at him.
“Help me!”
Obediently, the skeleton reached down for her, but Erin screamed and flinched away.
“Ah! Don’t! You’ll squash me with your fingers!”
Again, her words didn’t make sense. They weren’t right. Toren hesitated, but he couldn’t disobey her. And yet in his being, for the first time Toren questioned Erin’s words. They were orders, and they were the core of his being.
But they weren’t good orders. And it bothered the skeleton.
Erin was still thrashing around on the ground, kicking her legs and staring at a chair leg as she shouted and screamed. She turned and looked at Toren desperately.
“Go get help! Get someone! Ceria or Pisces! I need someone with magic!”
That at least was doable. Toren started for the door.
“Hurry!”
