2.23
Page 14
“If you can do it, Springwalker, I see no reason why I can’t do the same. Of course, with my undead I will be able to accomplish much even by myself. Unless you’d care to join my party…?”
“Fat chance. And stop stealing food or Erin will hurt you. And if she doesn’t do it, I will.”
Pisces was pointing a finger into the kitchen, and Ceria knew he was using a minor levitation spell. He scowled, and Erin yelped as the crepe he’d been levitating dropped back down.
“Pisces!”
He raised his hands as the girl stormed out.
“Oh—should I mention this?—there appears to be a girl freezing to death in the snow a few miles north of here. I thought you might be interested.”
“What?”
Erin stared at him as Pisces explained. Ceria narrowed her eyes at her…acquaintance. Friend was far too strong a word.
“How do you know that? And why are you telling Erin? I’d have thought you’d want the girl to die.”
“I would, but Selys insisted I tell Erin. She believes Erin will rescue the girl.”
“Well—of course! She’s out there with no coat? How could they do that?”
Erin stared at Pisces and then rushed into the kitchen. Ceria heard scraping, and then Erin stormed out of the kitchen with a plate of crepes in hand. She shoved it on the table and turned to Ceria.
“I’ve got to go! I’ll be back in a little bit Ceria.”
“What? Erin, listen. That girl is a thief. She was exiled from Liscor for a reason. You can’t just—”
Erin stared at Ceria. There was something disconcerting about the young woman’s gaze. She was normally so amiable, but now her stare was serious and unwavering.
“No one deserves to die in the cold. No one.”
She turned.
“Toren! Where is he? Nevermind—”
She ran back into the kitchen and reemerged with a coat. Then Erin dashed out the door.
Pisces watched her go and shook his head.
“Too kind by far, that girl. For a child from another world, she is rather careless.”
Ceria stared at Pisces. He smirked at her, and then frowned when he realized she wasn’t taken aback.
“Ah. You know.”
“How do you know?”
“A certain conversation on that device of Ryoka Griffin’s. It was troublesome to copy the [Message] spell as I recreated it, but…”
Pisces shrugged. Ceria remembered him bragging about that bit of magic as they’d exited the ruins. She narrowed her eyes.
“And now you’ve just sent that girl off to rescue a dangerous thief.”
“Not dangerous so much as annoying at this point, I believe. Her magical items are gone.”
Ceria stood up, sighing. She walked over to Pisces and smacked him with her skeletal hand. He yelped as she glared at him.
“Idiot.”
“Come with me. Once we go and make sure Erin doesn’t get mobbed by those damn Gnolls and Drakes, we’ll talk. About you being an adventurer as much as anything else. I’m reforming the Horns of Hammerad.”
Both his eyebrows shot up. He looked at her skeletal hand, and then blinked twice when he realized it had been the one to strike him.
“Well. That is a new development. But you have no wand. And unlike me, you don’t have any Skills in that area.”
Ceria smiled grimly, and raised her skeletal hand.
“Oh, I can do magic. And Yvlon is—well, she’s got scars but she’s still got both arms. And so do I.”
She concentrated, and an [Ice Spike] formed in the air, hovering above her skeletal hand, ready to launch. Pisces’ mouth fell open slightly, and then he regained his composure. He smiled at Ceria, for once genuine, reminding her of the young man she’d studied with back in Wistram.
“Ah. How intriguing.”
 
—-
 
