2.23
Page 13
“I mean, it isn’t that big a deal, right? There’s no way back—not that I know of, and Ryoka and I don’t know anything special. I think. I mean, technology is really different where I come from, but I can’t build anything like Ryoka’s iPhone.”
“I can’t believe it. I just—”
The half-Elf broke off, shaking her head. The trouble was, she could believe it. It would be far easier to call Erin crazy, but it made sense, especially with everything Ceria had observed about Ryoka.
No wonder the other girl was so cagey. And here was Erin, as oblivious of the dangers as an owl on a summer’s day. Ceria sighed. Someone had to protect the girl. It should probably be her.
“I guess we’ve got more to talk about.”
“I guess. But we’ve got a lot to talk about anyways, right? Like these flowers—and those new skills I’ve got!”
“The skills. Right.”
At this point, the skills were one of the last things on Ceria’s mind, but the half-Elf reluctantly focused on Erin.
“Obviously the [Wondrous Fare] skill has to do with you making food for the faeries. I’m not sure about [Inn’s Aura], but it might just make your inn more attractive or something.”
“Ooh, that could be helpful. But what about [Wondrous Fare]? Does that mean I can make food only for faeries or that it’s somehow…magical?”
“Why don’t you try to make something and see what the skill does?”
“Right! Right…”
Erin nodded a few times and disappeared into the kitchen. Ceria sighed, and Erin poked her head back out.
“Wait one second. I’ll make you some crepes, and then we can talk okay? Magical crepes.”
Ceria nodded weakly. She had no idea what a crepe was, but she prayed it would take Erin some time. Her head still hurt.
And then the door opened and Ceria’s headache doubled. Pisces walked in. She knew it was him because she couldn’t see anything, yet she heard the footsteps.
“Pisces. Don’t tell me you’ve gotten in trouble with the Watch again?”
“Hardly. I’m just here to avoid unwanted attention.”
Pisces reappeared in an instant, and Ceria sighed. This was not a good time for him to show up…which was why she should have expected him.
Somehow he could always pop up at the worst possible moment. She was only glad he hadn’t heard Erin’s accidental admission. Ceria would be the first to admit Pisces wasn’t evil so much as annoying, but he had a habit of causing trouble. If he learned about where Erin was from—
“What interesting flowers. Are they magical?”
Trust Pisces to focus on the magic in the room first. Ceria sighed.
“Take your hands away from those. If you steal one, Erin will hurt you. They’re a gift from the Winter Sprites.”
Pisces immediately snatched his hand away and backed up.
“Those things? I thought even Miss Erin would know to leave them well alone.”
“Well, she didn’t, and they paid her in flowers.”
“Ah. Well, perhaps I will just have something to eat. Is that food I smell?”
Ceria closed her eyes as Pisces strode into the kitchen. She heard a shout, and the mage hurried back out.
“Go away! I’m cooking! And Ceria, these crepes don’t feel magical!”
“Perhaps I should try one to be s—”
Pisces ducked as a ladle flew out of the kitchen. He sniffed loudly.
“That was dangerous. I am a customer.”
“Not paying!”
“Must you hold that against me? Well, soon enough I will have sufficient funds to pay for my meals. I have enrolled in the Adventurer’s Guild.”
That made Ceria sit up in her seat. Pisces, an adventurer? It was almost as much of a surprise as Erin’s admission. She eyed him. He must have been very hungry to be so desperate.
“You can’t be serious. You’ll die on your first mission.”
He sneered at her.
