2.23
Page 0

Erin sat in her inn, covering her face. But when she took her hands away, the flowers were still there.
Flowers, instead of gold. It was…well, the thing was…
She should have seen it coming. Erin realized that in the obvious clarity of hindsight. Why would a bunch of tiny faeries be carrying around a pile of gold, and even if they did have gold, why would they give it to her when they could trick her?
Because that was what faeries did! Erin had read the stories. True—she was more of a Peter Pan fan than Brothers Grimm, but she vaguely recalled something about faerie gold now that she thought of it.
“I need to remember everything.”
Everything she’d ever read about monsters and myths, from Harry Potter to that one book from the Spiderwick Chronicles she’d read while teaching chess to kids. Erin wished her memory were perfect, but [Perfect Recall] was apparently only perfect when it came to artsy things.
Song lyrics, lines from Romeo and Juliet—even movie quotes popped into Erin’s mind with ease if she concentrated. But books? Apparently, they didn’t count.
But none of that should have mattered, because Erin should have known better. It was just—she’d had that dream which had been almost true, and she’d been caught up in the past. She’d done something magical, so it was fine that she’d gotten caught up in the moment, right, right?
Erin looked at the pile of golden flowers.
“…No.”
This was unacceptable. This was horrible. This was a pile of her own coin and a day of frantic effort down the drain. All she’d gotten were…four levels. Which was great. But it wasn’t money, and Erin didn’t even know what those two skills she’d gotten did.
What were they again? Erin frowned and massaged her head. She was still waking up. Um. It was [Inn’s Aura] and…
Um…
It was…[Wondrous Fare], right?
[Magical Cooking]? No, that wasn’t right. Clearly it was the other one. But what did it mean?
“[Wondrous Fare]. Like food? Or bus fare?”
Erin imagined getting into a bus and giving the bus driver a handful of the magical gold coins the faeries had tricked her into accepting. Yeah. That would be nice.
Faint clicking of bone on floorboard made her turn around. Toren had entered the inn, looking around warily. He was probably wondering if she was hurt. Erin sighed.
“It’s fine, Toren. I uh, I just realized I got scammed, that’s all.’”
Toren looked at the pile of flowers and back at Erin. She picked up one and sniffed at it and then sneezed.
“Achoo! Great. They even smell funny.”
They smelled like some kind of spice, rather than a floral scent. Erin scowled at the flower.
“I thought they were starting to like me! But this is what I get? Those—those—”
She trailed off. Toren looked at Erin quizzically, but the girl was thinking.
“Oh. Right. Turn bad things into good things. And they gave me something—even if it wasn’t what I thought. Faerie gifts. Okay, okay…”
Erin frowned at the flower. She sniffed at it again. It didn’t smell bad. And the faeries had given it to her. Maybe it was a trick. No—it was a trick. But were they completely useless or…?
“Maybe they’re edible?”
It was a long shot, but Erin gingerly tasted the flower. She was fairly certain that while jerks the faeries might be, they wouldn’t give her poison.
To Erin’s surprise, the flower was wet. No—it had a bit of nectar gathered where the petals met. It was tasteless, but it fizzed on Erin’s tongue.
Immediately she spat onto her palm and looked for somewhere to put the flower as she scrubbed at her mouth. Toren approached, holding his hand out. Gratefully, Erin turned to give the flower to him—
