2.25
Page 1
The other girl’s hand reached out and took Erin’s. Lyon couldn’t help it. Erin lifted her to her feet easily. Lyon tried to move, and gasped in pain. Her legs were numb and painful at the same time.
“Here. Lean on me.”
Erin bent down and got under Lyon, helping the girl. Half-dragging, half-supporting the girl, she made her way back through the snow.
Lyon didn’t know what was happening. She didn’t really hear Erin as the other girl panted and tried to introduce herself and then gave up. She just knew she was being saved, and like a ship-wrecked survivor, she clung to hope.
The inn stood on the hilltop in the distance, promising shelter, warmth, and food. Lyon’s knees buckled at the sight, and Erin caught her.
“Come on. We’re nearly there!”
Lyon needed no encouragement. She fought for more strength as the two girls began to ascend the gentle slope. Suddenly, she began to believe she might actually live. The knowledge was sweet joy.
She took five more steps towards the inn, and began wondering how much coin Erin had, and whether the girl had a horse Lyon could take.
 
—-
 
“My name is Lyonette.”
That was how the girl introduced herself after Erin had stoked the fire, gathered as many blankets as possible, and made some hot soup. Lyonette sat in front of the fire, shivering, cold, and now, suddenly, imperious.
Lyon nodded regally at Erin, and gestured to her inn.
“We—I thank you for your assistance in my time of dire need. You will be handsomely rewarded when I am restored to my proper station, I promise you.”
Erin blinked. It was hard to take anything the girl said seriously. She looked like a multi-colored marshmallow with a tiny human head sticking out of it, so many blankets had Erin wrapped around her. Plus, her nose was drippy.
“Oh, it was no problem. I was happy to help. When I heard you were out in the cold, I couldn’t just let you die.”
“Just so.”
The girl looked around the inn and sniffed. Erin wondered if she had any tissues, when Lyonette looked back at her.
“I will stay at your inn for a while longer, perhaps a day or two. Then I will require assistance travelling north.”
Well, that seemed reason—hold on. Erin’s mind backtracked and focused on Lyon’s words. Somehow, she felt like the girl had missed a step. Or ten.
“What? Uh, no. No…I’m not sure what I said—I don’t think I said anything like that—but I’m not helping you travel. In fact, I was going to give you a job working here.”
“What?”
Now it was Lyon’s turn to pause and think. She stared at Erin in shock, and then fury.
“You would have me work here, like a peasant? I am grateful for your help, make no mistake, but I require help.”
Erin chose her words carefully.
“I think I am helping you. A lot, actually. And I’m willing to offer you a job working here. It wouldn’t be hard—well, it might be hard at first, but you’ll get used to it. And I’ll give you room and board, and even some money. I can’t pay much but—”
Lyonette stood up, shedding her blankets. She stared hard at Erin.
“I intend to go north as soon as possible. I will not stay another minute in this—this hellhole of abominations and freaks!”
Erin twitched at the word ‘abomination’. But she still kept her calm.
“If you want to do that, I won’t stop you. But I’m not going to help you.”
Lyon raised her chin and her eyes flashed.
“I order you to assist me!”
“No.”
The girl stared darkly at Erin for a few moments, and then, alarmingly, suddenly switched to placid calm. She sniffed, and looked back towards the fire.
“Very well. I will rest here instead.”
