2.25
Page 8
“Look, he shouldn’t have hit you if that’s what he did. But I asked him to teach you, and I told you to listen to him. You agreed to do that when you said you would work here.”
“I never agreed to—”
“I am your boss. You’re my employee. You work for me, and do what I ask you to do, got it?”
“Boss? Employee? Why not just call me a servant and have done with it? I will not be ordered around.”
Lyon sneered at Erin and pointed to Toren.
“He struck me. Only the most craven and despicable masters would do that, even among the lower classes! I want him destroyed. Now.”
“No. You cleaned this room, pretty decently, so good job. Now, please do the upstairs. I think you can do it by yourself, so Toren doesn’t need to go with you. I’ll check on you in half an hour, but no one’s getting dismantled.”
Lyon’s eyes narrowed.
“You’re not going to do anything? I told you, he hit—”
“I will make sure he doesn’t do it again. Now, please go clean the upstairs, will you?”
Erin didn’t know that many swear words from this world yet, but she could have sworn she heard a really nasty one from Lyonette. The girl stomped towards the stairs, pausing to shoot daggers at Erin and Toren every few seconds.
When she was gone, Erin exhaled slowly. This was a lot of work, and the stress from her encounter with Krshia and now this was making her usual optimism take a dive into cranky town. She looked at Toren, curious. The skeleton looked completely normal, but Erin had to ask.
“Did you hit her?”
Toren nodded. Erin sighed.
“Hard?”
The skeleton seemed to think, and then shook his head definitely. Erin scowled.
“That’s what I thought. But don’t hit her again, okay? Just…get her to work without hitting.”
Toren nodded, and Erin sighed. She couldn’t blame her skeleton, not really. He was sort of stupid, and even she’d thought about hitting Lyon. Well, he wouldn’t do it again, and she needed him to teach the girl.
After five minutes with Lyonette, Erin already had a headache.
 
—-
 
That night, Erin made a wonderful meal of spaghetti and meatballs. It was as good as any restaurant food, and she was really happy to have her [Advanced Cooking] skill. She ate two plates with Ceria, and the half-Elf talked with Erin for a long time about different foods she’d eaten over the course of her sixty-odd years of life, which included everything from raw insects to elegant cooking at fine restaurants in cities Erin had never heard of before.
Lyon arrived late for dinner, complained about the cold food, refused to wait to heat the food near the fire, made disparaging comments about Erin’s cooking, and sulked off after eating half a plate.
She wanted more in an hour, and Erin refused. She wasn’t feeling generous, and a night of hunger would teach the girl a lesson or make Erin feel better.
It was impossible for Erin and Ceria to stay up late chatting, so they went to bed early. That night, Lyon woke both with a scream as Toren caught her trying to filch food. It was a bad night, and even though Erin got to sleep again, she still had to wake up early. Because the next day, Lyonette was gone with all of Erin’s gold not hidden under the floorboards.
 
—-
 
“Where was Toren when she took the money?”
“I don’t know. Out? Getting water? He does chores around the inn when I’m not giving him orders.”
Erin glanced at Toren. The skeleton looked abashed, but also angry. He had a sword in his hands, which was premature, but matched Erin’s general state of mind.
“Can we find her?”
“Easily enough.”
