2.25
Page 3
Ceria had been upstairs—the half-Elf had not enjoyed going searching for Erin, especially since the two had missed each other and she’d been outside longer than Erin by a good stretch. She descended the stairs and Lyon reacted by backing away.
“A half-breed? Here?”
She looked aghast. Erin frowned at her reaction and Ceria scowled.
“Oh great. She must be from one of the Human-only countries. Wonderful. That explains a lot.”
“What’s wrong? This is Ceria. She’s a half-Elf.”
“She’s a freak! An untrustworthy spy and troublemaker! I insist she leave at once!”
Lyonette stared with hostility at Ceria, who didn’t look that welcoming either. Erin opened her mouth, but Ceria put her good hand on Erin’s arm.
“I would watch your mouth, young Human. I’m a friendly half-Elf, but my kind isn’t always nice to people who offend us. I know you’ve heard the stories.”
Lyonette sneered at Ceria, but with a trace of fear.
“Children’s tales to frighten the simpleminded.”
“Oh, really? Well, not all stories are fake.”
Ceria slowly raised her other hand, and Lyon froze. Ceria had learned to manipulate her dead hand quite well, and the girl standing in front of her turned deathly white as Ceria brought it in front of the girl. Ceria raised her skeletal hand in front of Lyon’s face and flexed it slowly. The girl’s eyes fixed on the bleached bones in horror. Ceria leaned forwards, and Lyon shrank back.
“If you don’t want to find out which stories are true, I’d watch your mouth around here. And I’d tread carefully and obey every order as well.”
Lyonette backed away, nearly stepped in the fire, and screamed. Erin watched as she backed towards the corner of the room, turned, saw Toren standing there, and screamed again.
It wasn’t the first time Lyon had seen the skeleton. Erin had seen him come in earlier—from where? And introduced him, but each time Lyon saw him she screamed. Loudly.
It was almost funny, except that Lyonette had even less fondness for Erin’s skeleton, if that were possible.
“You consort with the dead? What kind of twisted monster are you? I defy your magic, [Necromancer]!”
“I’m not the necromancer. I just own Toren.”
Lyon stared at Erin, and then at Toren. She backed away from everyone, and only accepted some food from Erin at dinner. The rest of the time she spent in a far corner, glaring at everyone as she tore into her meal.
Erin and Ceria were discussing the problem with the Gnolls—and Ceria was adamant that there would be one—when Lyonette stood up. She left her clean plate and neatly arranged silverware on the table and stared at Erin, ignoring Ceria completely.
“I will rest now. I assume you have a bed prepared for me?”
“What? Yeah. Second room on the left. Do you want—?”
Lyon was up the stairs and out of earshot in an instant. Erin sighed exasperatedly, and Ceria shook her head.
“Regretting your choices? I don’t think she’s going to get any better, Erin.”
“She might.”
Ceria stared at Erin. The human girl looked down.
“Well, it’s possible.”
“And I might grow wings and dance naked in a grove, but that’s unlikely too. Look, it’s going to be a lot of work. Are you sure this is the decision you want to make?”
“I think so. I have to give her a shot, at least.”
Erin wasn’t sure. Not at all. But she had to try.
She had to try.
 
—-
 
The next day, Erin decided that yesterday had been a bad start. Yes, Lyonette had been rude, uncooperative, sneaky…the point was that tomorrow or rather, today, was a new day. Lyon could be different. She and Erin might really hit it off.
