2.25
Page 4
Buoyed up by what even she considered false optimism, Erin ascended the stairs and knocked on the girl’s door. Ceria had already left for the city; she always woke early for some reason. But Lyon had yet to rise, and it was already late morning.
“Lyon? Hello? Are you awake?”
There was no response. Erin frowned and knocked harder. No sound came from inside. Erin put her ear to the door and heard the snoring.
“Lyon.”
The girl didn’t budge when Erin raised her voice, but she did when Erin shook her violently. That was after gentle and insistent shaking; the girl could sleep!
“Whu?”
After a few minutes of irritated blinking at Erin, Lyonette scowled at her boss.
“Go away. I am resting.”
“It’s time for work. You’re working here now, remember?”
Lyon glanced at the window.
“It is far too early. I will get up in a few hours, perhaps.”
Erin stared as the girl lay back in bed and closed her eyes. Lyon quite deliberately rolled over to face the wall, away from Erin.
For two seconds Erin thought, and then she smiled apologetically.
“You know what? I’m so sorry. I had no idea it was so early, and—let me just apologize. I’ll let you sleep.”
“Mm. Good.”
Erin leaned forwards, speaking softly.
“But before that, can I just say one thing?”
“‘f you must.”
The innkeeper brought her lips next to Lyon’s ears and took a deep breath.
 
“WAKE UP!”
 
Erin screamed the words in Lyonette’s ear and the girl scrambled out of bed and away from her in an instant. It wasn’t quite as loud as when Erin had performed her one-woman one-iPod concert—she didn’t want to wake someone in the city—but it was still loud enough to deafen.
It was certainly an alarm clock to wake the dead or perhaps kill the living, because Lyon looked like she was about to have a heart attack.
“You twisted, evil—!”
“Lyon, when I ask you to get up, I mean it. You can’t sit around and do what you want, not if you want to actually stay here.”
Erin spoke over the girl’s insults, glad for her [Loud Voice] skill. Lyon stared at Erin and her face went red.
“What did you just call me? Lyon? That is not my name!”
She didn’t even seem to have registered the rest of what Erin had said. Lyon pointed a trembling finger at Erin in outrage.
“I am Lyonette. You will address me by my full name or not at all!”
Erin thought as she folded her arms and glared at Lyon. That was fair, or at least it would be if a friend had asked it—or a stranger—or anyone, really. It was just the tone of voice and the outrage that made Erin not want to grant Lyon’s request.
“I’m sorry you don’t like it, but it’s a nickname. I’ll try to call you Lyonette if you want, but you can’t overreact, and you will listen to me. Got it?”
Lyonette glared at Erin. It was a good glare; full of hauteur and unrighteous anger and some genuine imperious force behind it. But Erin had been stared at by dead Goblins, an Antinium Queen, and angry Drakes capable of ripping her head off. She was the better starer.
The two locked gazes for three full minutes before Lyon flounced out of bed and down the stairs without a word.
“Where is breakfast?”
“We’ll have some after I teach you how to cook. In fact, you will be cooking your breakfast.”
“No.”
“It’s quite easy. We’ll make eggs. It’s hard to ruin eggs.”
“I will eat now. You may teach me later.”
Erin propped her hands on her hips. This new day approach was fading fast.
“You know what? It’s your choice. Either you learn to make food, or you can skip breakfast.”
“You wouldn’t dare.”
It was amazing Lyon could deliver the line with a straight face. Erin had to fight not to giggle, but Lyon’s personality helped.
