2.25
Page 7
Someone imposed himself between Krshia and Erin. A giant paw firmly grabbed Erin’s hand and she looked up, up into the face of a very tall Gnoll. He was tall, muscular, and, Erin couldn’t help noticing this bit: armed. A longsword hung at one side, and a large shield was strapped to his back. The Gnoll stared down at Erin, without a trace of friendliness in his smile.
“You are Erin Solstice, yes? I would not touch my aunt so lightly, yes?”
“Brunkr. Let her go. She is not an enemy.”
Krshia turned and stared at the Gnoll who had called her aunt. He let go, and Erin stepped back and felt at her wrist. It didn’t feel broken.
“Who—are you? I’ve never seen you before.”
“I am a warrior of the Silverfang Tribe. I have come here with my brethren, yes? We have come to guard, and assist our honored sister of the clan leader, yes? But instead of terrible enemies, all I see are thieves and backstabbing Humans.”
Brunkr gave Erin a wide grin, and stared hard at her. She did her best not to be intimidated, and held her ground.
“I’m not a backstabbing Human. I just wanted to help, that’s all.”
“Help? Help would be bashing in the thief’s head with a rock. I have heard of her deeds; if you harbor her, you are an enemy.”
“Brunkr. Leave her. Erin has made her choice. I will not stop her, but I will not deal with her either.”
Krshia spoke flatly to her nephew and walked away. He hesitated, but turned to follow her. But he gave Erin one last smile.
“I am here to fulfill my aunt’s wishes, and safeguard my people here. And that includes protecting our honor. Walk softly, Erin Solstice.”
Then he was gone. He strode through the crowd, generating a personal bubble of ‘do not touch me’ almost as large as Krshia’s. Erin watched him go.
“That. Is not good.”
She turned. She had been intending to shop at Krshia’s and ask for a bit of forgiveness and explain, but it looked like she was without her Gnoll friend. And without any Gnoll shops either, because she saw several Gnolls on the street giving her the stink-eye.
Erin sighed. She’d have to go to each shop to buy her goods, and only Drake ones at that. And carry all of it back herself. Wonderful. A short shopping spree had suddenly got longer, and probably more costly.
She just hoped this was the only bad thing that would happen today. After all, it wasn’t as if her day could get any worse, could it?
Erin knew full well it could, and that was even before she got back to the inn and Lyon started shrieking at her.
 
—-
 
“He hit me!”
Erin paused and stared at Toren as the skeleton stood behind Lyonette. The girl was red in the face as she alternatively raged at Erin and demonstrated with her filthy hands.
“And he made me clean up filth!”
“Well, that is your job. But he hit you? Hard?”
“He tried to kill me! I demand you destroy him at once!”
Erin stared at Lyon. She didn’t see any bruises on her face, but…
“If Toren hit you, that’s bad. But I don’t see any injuries. Where did he hit you?”
Lyon hesitated, and then pointed to her chest and stomach. Erin frowned.
“Can I see? I mean, I believe you…but I uh, want to see how bad it is.”
The other girl stared at Erin in horror and backed away.
“You want me to bare myself to you?”
The look on Lyon’s face suggested that Erin was a repeat sexual offender asking her to step into a back alley. Erin scowled at her, patience thin.
“Well, if you can’t prove he hit you—”
“My word as a noble should be good enough!”
“Not for me. And why was Toren so mad at you, anyways? Were you doing something you weren’t supposed to?”
“I was—”
Again, Lyon hesitated, and Erin smelled a rat.
