2.25
Page 11
Ceria sighed in exasperation, and bowed her head.
“You should use a potion. And then get on your feet. Look Yvlon—and Erin too for that matter—I’ve been thinking. Skinner was…a nightmare I’ve never seen before in my life. And losing all my friends and comrades—it’s crushed me. But I can’t give up now. I won’t. If their deaths mean anything, it’s that I should keep on living. And I can’t rely on Erin forever. So…”
She took a deep breath, and looked Yvlon in the eye.
“I’m going to go back to adventuring.”
Both Yvlon and Erin looked at Ceria, shocked; the half-Elf only shrugged.
“I know. But it’s all I know how to do. I could do small magics for money, but even I’d be ancient by the time I earned enough to buy any new spell books. And…I want to become stronger. I need to become stronger.”
Erin was still surprised, not least by the suddenness of Ceria’s decision, but Yvlon only hesitated a moment longer before clasping the half-Elf’s hand.
“Best of luck. I will get better and perhaps—my sword arm is rusty, and weak, but I’d be honored to journey with you if you’d have me. I must repay my debt somehow.”
“We’ll talk more about it when you’re better. I promise.”
Ceria smiled, and Yvlon clenched her hand tightly.
“Don’t go off alone, Ceria. I’ve seen too many adventurers fall after losing their party.”
“I won’t do anything stupid. I’m still recovering, and I don’t have a party. I’ll wait. Just keep focusing on getting better, alright?”
“I will.”
They talked for a while longer, about less important things. Erin had to tell a few stories to Yvlon of what had happened since she’d last been here and Ceria had to back her up before Yvlon would believe all the crazy things that had happened to Erin. She was especially interested in Ryoka, but all too soon a few hours had passed and Erin and Ceria had to leave.
Yvlon nearly tried to get out of bed before the two girls stopped her.
“I can walk, you know.”
“We know, but guard your strength. If you haven’t used a healing potion, your muscles will still be recovering.”
With resigned grace, Yvlon sank back into her bed. Erin noticed the bottle of glowing liquid by her bed stand and wondered if the former Silver-rank Captain wasn’t just a little bit pigheaded like Ryoka. But Yvlon nodded to Erin with far more courtesy than Ryoka had ever shown.
“A pleasure, Erin Solstice.”
It was, although somehow, Erin doubted she’d been as important as Ceria’s revelation. The two left quietly, and as they walked out of the guild Erin turned to Ceria.
“Adventuring? Really? Now?”
“Yes, yes, and yes, Erin. I know it’s risky, but…”
Ceria shrugged.
“It’s all I know.”
Erin chewed her lip, but couldn’t think of anything to say to that.
“Well, you can stay at my inn either way. My door is always open for you. And you don’t have to jump into it right away. You can stay as long as you want.”
“I know. It’s just—”
“Don’t worry. I’m not trying to talk you out of it; I’ll back you up! You do what you do best, and I’ll be ready with a hot meal and a bath. Well, Toren will have to carry the water for the bath. And I’ll need to buy a bathtub.”
Ceria smiled, touched. She patted Erin on the shoulder.
“Thanks, Erin.”
They both smiled. Then their smiles faded when they remembered who was currently living in their inn.
“At least she’s gathering mushrooms. I don’t see how anyone can mess that—well, poisonous ones—and she could not get any or squash them…huh…”
Ceria sighed, but then she smiled wickedly.
“Look on the bright side. Maybe she’ll fall into a Shield Spider pit and Toren will fail to save her.”
