2.25
Page 9
Ceria rubbed sleep from her eyes and yawned as she stood in the ransacked kitchen. She’d been the first up besides Toren, and she’d raised the alarm.
The half-Elf concentrated, and an orb floated upwards. It looked like a [Light] spell, but this one had a small arrow in the center. It was pointing northwest, and slightly downwards.
“Looks like she’s running for the north road. She can’t have gotten far; she took a lot and she’s not exactly a [Runner].”
“How do you know where she is? Can you find people just like that?”
“Hardly. I thought this would happen, so I planted a tracking spell on her.”
Ceria smiled at Erin and shrugged.
“A trick we learned at Wistram. Helped when we snuck around the libraries at night.”
“Well, let’s get her.”
Erin stood up, genuinely angry. She should have expected this as well, but she liked to believe in the best of people. But she was starting to understand that ‘people’ didn’t really include Lyonette.
“Come on. Toren, you run ahead. Catch her, but don’t hurt her, okay? Then I’m going into the city and you’re going to teach her to haul water and do a bunch of hard work, got it?”
Toren seemed to sigh, but he was out the door in a flash. Erin stomped out as well, Ceria following right on her heels.
“Erin, you know I want to say it.”
“You told me. But—”
“Another chance? How many does she get?”
“A lot. If it means not letting her die…”
“Fine. But I’m keeping the spell on her.”
Erin looked wistfully at Ceria.
“Any chance you can magic her into behaving?”
“If I could do that, I’d have fixed Pisces a long time ago.”
“Oh. Obviously.”
They found Lyon only a few miles away, struggling to get through the snow. Much shouting was had, but Erin didn’t feel better. In fact, she felt awful. She left Lyon with Toren in the inn and went into the city. She almost told Toren he could hit her, but refrained.
That would be cruelty, and Erin wasn’t cruel. No matter how hard she wanted to be. Besides, Toren was a good match for Lyon. He was unwavering, inflexible, and he never got bored. If he didn’t hit her, the only thing Lyon was in danger of was overwork.
 
—-
 
Toren was bored. He didn’t like teaching Lyon, and he really, really wanted to hit her. But he couldn’t.
The skeleton stared at Lyon. She stared back at him, with a smirk on her face.
“You can’t hit me. I heard your mistress say it.”
Toren nodded grudgingly. He pointed towards a bucket on the floor, but Lyon made no move.
“No. You can’t order me around anymore, monster, and there’s nothing you can do to me.”
What fools these Humans be. Toren nearly sighed, but instead he raised his index finger and poked Lyon hard in the side. She squealed.
“Stop that!”
Toren ignored that. He also ignored her flailing arms and he effortlessly knocked her hands away. He stepped next to Lyon and did the same thing.
He poked her.
“I will not be coerced! Torment me all you want, thing, but I wi—ah!—stop!”
Toren ignored Lyon. If she wouldn’t do what he wanted, he would make her. He wasn’t allowed to hit her, but poking had never been mentioned. So he poked her hard in the side.
Again. And again. And again. And again. And again.
And again.
And again.
And again.
And again.
And again.
And again.
And again.
And again.
And—
After the one hundred and fifty-eighth time, Lyon stopped screaming and trying to hit Toren and gave up and did what he wanted. It wasn’t as satisfying as hitting, but it got the point across, especially because when normal poking failed, Toren got a knife and started poking with that.
