2.25
Page 2
Erin didn’t need to be suspicious; she already was. But she modulated her tone to calm, friendliness.
“Okay, great! In that case I’ll wake you up at breakfast. You can rest today, but tomorrow I’ll show you the ropes. In a few days—”
Lyon frowned.
“I am not going to work. I said I would rest.”
“Yeah…but if you’re going to stay here, you’ve got to work.”
“Am I not your guest? And I am—weak. Why would you force me to work?”
Lyonette looked hurt and reproachful. Erin’s friendly smile didn’t waver.
“Well, you are a thief, aren’t you?”
Lyonette’s face went blank for a second and her eyes flicked to Erin and then away. Erin had a sneaking suspicion the shivering girl was trying to think up a lie.
“I know it’s you. You blew up…well, you destroyed my friend’s shop and robbed a lot of good people. But I didn’t want you to die out there, so I’m offering you a job.”
“I don’t want it. I will head north as soon as I am well.”
Erin took a deep breath. Her heart was pounding. She hated this kind of thing.
“Well, in that case, you won’t be staying here, then. Sorry.”
Lyon stared at Erin incredulously. Her eyes flicked towards the snowy landscape outside, and she wavered. Then a sly look flashed over her face for a second. The girl lightened her tone, looking at the door innocently.
“I suppose I shall simply have to set out myself, then. In the cold and snow. I fear my death will be on your conscience, but then, you wouldn’t let me go out without provisions, would you?”
Lyon’s obvious attempts to manipulate Erin angered her more than anything else the girl had done so far. Erin folded her arms.
“A coat, and five days’ worth of food.”
Lyon stared at Erin, caught off-guard.
“What?”
“That’s all I’m giving you. A coat, maybe some pants and boots, and food. You’ll need a bag to hold it, so I’ll give you that and point you to the main road.”
“But I will freeze long before I get to a city. You wouldn’t want that on your conscience, would you?”
“Not really, but I won’t give you any more help.”
Erin stared hard at Lyon. This was as bad as she’d feared. But she had to make herself clear.
“I’m giving you one chance, Lyonette. One. That’s all. Either work for me at this inn, or try to get to another city, but if you go, I won’t save you even if you die a foot outside my inn.”
Erin leaned forwards and Lyon leaned back. Erin’s gaze didn’t waver as she glared at Lyon.
“You only get one chance.”
The girl stepped back, rattled, and then moved away from the roaring fire. She looked at Erin and her expressions firmed.
“I am—”
The girl hesitated.
“—Of the aristocracy in Terandria. A minor House—the Clavalettes. I am distantly related to the royal family, and I will be treated with respect!”
“Really? Good for you. You’re still a thief. Take my offer, or you’ll be gone after dinner.”
Lyonette stared at Erin, her pleasant mask gone as well. Her brow and nose wrinkled and she hissed at Erin.
“Peon.”
Erin’s face went blank. She knew that peon was an insult, but she wasn’t exactly sure what the word meant.
“Well? Will you work here or not?”
“I will—under duress! I graciously accept your offer.”
Erin felt that last sentence should have been reworded, but she took it.
“Okay. Fine. Good. Now, I’ll let you stay here, but you can’t steal anything. And I’ll make sure of that, because I’m not alone.”
Lyon suddenly looked doubly wary, but she didn’t have time to move. Erin turned and called.
“Ceria? Do you want to introduce yourself?”
