2.25
Page 6
Once fear had been replaced with contempt and hatred, Lyon tried to push past Toren. She didn’t have much luck because she was afraid to make contact with him, and he kept shoving the dustrag in her face. He was getting impatient, which was new for him, but Lyon wasn’t like a wall.
You could clean a wall, or climb it, or bash it down with time. But the point was a wall was something you could work on. Effort put in was effort gained. But Lyon refused to do what Toren wanted no matter how much time he put in, and that was…
Annoying.
“Move aside.”
Lyon ordered Toren with commanding tones, pointing. The skeleton made no move. He thrust the dustrag in her face and she recoiled.
“Get that away from me. I will not be treated like this. I am r—I am nobility! You will obey me!”
Toren wasn’t completing his task. But it wasn’t his fault! It was Lyon’s. The flames in the skeleton’s eyes burned hotter as she tried to give him more orders. Only Erin gave him orders.
“Thing, I order you to—”
Toren dropped the dustrag and punched the girl in the stomach. Lyonette doubled over and retched. Toren watched with interest as her breakfast came up and wondered if he should hit her again.
“You—”
Lyonette stumbled away from Toren and her voice rose to a shriek. She started screaming at the skeleton.
“How dare you. I will—”
Toren walked over and punched her in the same spot. Lyon choked again and fell down. She curled into a ball and started whimpering.
Well, she was moving, but she hadn’t picked up the dustrag. Toren pointed to it. Lyon just moaned. So he kicked her.
She screamed, and he kicked her again and pointed. She saw the dustrag, and looked up at the skeleton. He raised his fist again and she scrambled to pick up the dust rag.
 
—-
 
“Erin Solstice.”
It was a bad sign when someone used her full name. True, people in this world liked different kinds of formality, but it was also about the tone of voice. Erin heard the warning signs in the voice, but since she knew and liked Krshia, she turned anyways.
“Krshia. Um, hi.”
“You have taken the thief into your home.”
Gnolls didn’t beat about the bush. Erin paused, and then nodded slowly.
“I did.”
“That is unwise. She will steal from you.”
“I know, but she was dying in the cold.”
“Yes. That was her punishment.”
“Death? She’s just a kid, Krshia. It’s not right. Look, I know she caused a lot of trouble, but—”
“You know nothing¸ Erin Solstice. She has done more harm to my tribe than any other. She is my enemy, Erin. Harbor her and you will break the bonds between us.”
Erin stared at Krshia. The Gnoll’s voice was hard and loud, and she’d chosen the middle of the street to confront Erin. That would normally have attracted a crowd, but the Drakes and Gnolls around her had taken one look at Krshia and decided to skip the show.
Her ears were as flat as her voice. Erin hesitated. She knew dogs. She liked dogs. She’d even had a dog that ate too many chess pieces and had to go through surgery as a kid. She liked dogs so much she knew it was a bad idea to pet one when their ears were flat. And Krshia—
“I’m giving her a chance. I’m sorry, Krshia, but I have to.”
“You have made your choice. Goodbye, Erin. We shall see what comes of it.”
Krshia turned abruptly and began to stride away. Erin paused, and then ran after her.
“Krshia, wait! Let me explain. I don’t want to hurt your feelings, but—”
She reached out and grabbed at Krshia, but someone caught her hand.
“Aunt. Is this Human bothering you?”
