2.26
Page 6
True, Drakes and Gnolls caused trouble too, and Zevara was certain it was a Gnoll problem she was walking into right now, but she was also certain it was Humans who’d made the problem even worse.
One Human, in particular. And since Zevara had seen exactly what happened around Erin Solstice, she’d brought her best reinforcements.
“Relc, I want you to get in there and start cracking heads. Don’t use your spear unless you have to.”
The large Drake grinned at Zevara.
“No problem, Captain!”
“Klbkch. I might need Soldiers if the Gnolls start rioting.”
“We will monitor the situation.”
Klbkch and Relc weren’t the only pair of Senior Guardsmen in the city, but between the two, they represented the Watch’s greatest fighting strength. The Antinium nodded at Zevara as she led them and a group of Guardsmen up the hill towards the inn.
“I have heard another group of Gold-rank adventurers have joined the battle. How shall we engage?”
“Let Relc handle them. I’ll try to talk them down.”
“Why’re they here anyways? Did Erin bother them too?”
Zevara snarled and hastened her step. She didn’t want these adventurers in her city, but she had no desire to tangle with a Gold-rank team.
“Who cares why they’re fighting? They’re adventurers. They swarm to brawls like acid flies! Now—”
Her [Dangersense] that had been ringing in the back of her head went off loudly and Zevara ducked as a jet of something sticky flew right at her. It smacked into two Drakes and they cried out as the ball of webbing unfolded and snared them in place.
“Spread out! Relc!”
He was already gone. Zevara saw him sprinting towards a huge adventurer holding a great sword and a Gnoll—one of the ones who’d just entered the city—holding a shield and sword.
Zevara was more concerned about the mages, though. She recognized Ceria and Pisces—they were exchanging spells with two mages and an archer as Gnolls charged both. One lifted up Pisces and threw the screaming mage down the hill and knocked Ceria flat with one paw as she watched.
The Gold-rank adventurers were having a better time of it. Three shimmering warriors defended the group, and Zevara recognized them as summoned beings, brought forth by a [Summoner]. They were battering the Gnolls down with ruthless efficiency. One of the mages was firing bolts of magic that was blasting people off their feet, and the other was engulfing group after group in sticky webs.
That was the group Zevara needed to stop. She strode towards them, shouting.
“This is the Watch! Put down your weapons and stop fighting at once!”
None of the fighters around the inn heard her. Zevara didn’t have [Loud Voice] as a skill, and at times like this she really regretted its absence.
But her voice did attract the attention of the Gold-rank adventurers and one of the ghostly phantasms that was standing next to them. The tanned warrior turned and charged towards them. Zevara reached for her sword, but a brown blur appeared in front of her and met the phantasm in a clash of sparks.
“Klbkch!”
He fell back as the ghostly warrior swung a huge axe at him, forcing the Antinium back. Zevara ducked as one of the adventurers raised a wand and engulfed three of her Guardsman and an equal amount of Gnolls in a sticky web.
Zevara pointed her sword at the mage who’d cast the spell. She shouted at him as she advanced.
“Enough! Stop this at once! Put down your wand and—”
