2.26
Page 9
A massive man, eight or perhaps even nine feet tall stood in front of Typhenous. The old mage hesitated as the giant man smiled down at him. This new adventurer was wearing patched clothing, but held in his hands a massive staff crowned by an orb that shimmered with light. He nodded politely at Typhenous.
The older mage’s lips curled. He stared up at the small giant, his own wand shimmering with magic.
“Moore.”
“Lower your wand, Typhenous. I don’t want any trouble.”
“You can’t stop me. You’re not half the mage I am.”
Moore sighed hugely, and rubbed at his chin with fingers the size of plump sausages.
“I shouldn’t like to argue that point, but I will stop you if need be.”
He and Typhenous stared at each other, and then Typhenous lifted his wand and pointed it at the other adventurer.
“[Eltraz’s Bin—]”
The giant man didn’t raise his staff. Instead he stepped forwards and kicked Typhenous before the mage could utter his spell. The old man choked and fell down.
Moore sighed and stood over the mage. He planted one finger on the man’s back as he struggled to rise.
“All’s fine over here, Jelaqua.”
Jelaqua nodded as Halrac gritted his teeth. Revi had paused, and he could see her hesitating. Two of her warrior constructs were down, bleeding wisps of magic as she faced off against the angry Drake breathing fire, but she had one hand in her pouch. Halrac shook his head at her slightly. Now was not the time to waste magic or her constructs.
“Wise man. Now, let’s hope your leader is just as sensible.”
Halrac saw Jelaqua pointing, and realized the last member of her group had appeared. A tall, gaunt man covered in what looked like a…a shell across half his body was standing next to Ulrien, holding a dagger in one hand. His other hand, or rather, entire arm was segmented with dark fungus and what looked like a crustacean’s pincer instead of a hand.
“Ulrien.”
“Seborn.”
“I hope you’re not going to fight anymore. It seems pointless, given the circumstances.”
Ulrien glanced at Relc and shrugged slightly.
“Depends. But we won’t fight with your lot unless we’ve got a reason.”
“Fair enough. I doubt our Captain wants any more strife than necessary.”
The two…men…nodded at each other. Ulrien glanced around and raised his great sword slightly as Relc glared at both adventurers.
“You wanna fight? Huh?”
The person known as Seborn shifted slightly. He held his dagger backwards as he turned sideways towards Relc instead of Ulrien. Both adventurers eyed the Drake, as Relc glared at both. They were at a standoff, right up until Erin crashed into the center of the trio, swinging at Brunkr as the Gnoll punched back.
 
—-
 
“You will regret this!”
Brunkr roared at Erin as she ducked another huge swing from him. He wasn’t quick, but he was so strong and tough! She’d been punching him as hard as she could, but he just kept on coming!
“You’re not going to hurt her! Stop! Go away!”
She lashed out and caught Brunkr with a good kick to the legs, but he just growled and came on. She ran backwards, ducking and dodging away from him.
Erin was vaguely aware that something was going on. She didn’t see any more Gnolls at the door of her inn, and she thought there were more people, but all of her attention was on Brunkr. His face was twisted into a snarl as he came after her.
“You punch like a weakling, no? Who taught you how to fight?”
“A Minotaur! And he was the best fighter in the world!”
Erin shouted as she planted a punch straight on Brunkr’s jaw. He swept his arm at her and backhanded her so hard Erin thought some of her teeth came loose. She staggered.
