2.26
Page 14
“Oh, I’m sorry. It’s just that he’s…I mean, I’ve never seen anyone like him. Is he a, uh, a giant?”
“Quarter-giant, or eighth-giant, actually. He’s not sure, but don’t worry about it. He’s used to the stares, and so are we.”
Jelaqua stood and held out a hand towards Erin. Erin took it and found the other woman’s skin was clammy and cold to the touch. She blinked, but Ceria learned forwards and explained.
“Ah, Erin. These adventurers are all part-human, like me.”
“Really? I mean…oh. That’s cool? I mean, not cool exactly, but it’s nice? Not that being Human is cool or nice or not being Human is bad, but—um. Sorry. Thanks for helping, and uh, nice to meet you?”
Erin blushed as she stumbled over her words. She had no idea what to say, but apparently that was the right thing. Jelaqua blinked, and then burst out laughing. Even Seborn smiled, or at least, half of his face did.
“We’re delighted to meet someone as open-minded as you, Miss Solstice. We would have helped anyways, but I must confess, we had a reason for helping.”
Jelaqua nodded towards Ceria, and the half-Elf blinked in surprise. Seborn nodded.
“It was good we found you here. We have an offer to extend to you, Springwalker.”
He had a curiously resonant voice, as if he was speaking from inside some kind of room. Ceria blinked at the two adventurers in surprise.
“Me? I’m surprised you know of me.”
Jelaqua laughed.
“Well, we keep tabs on people like you. But where are my manners?”
She extended a hand towards Ceria, and the half-Elf gingerly took it. She apparently knew that Jelaqua’s skin was different from normal, because she didn’t react as the two briskly shook hands.
“Ceria Springwalker, my name is Jelaqua Ivirith. I’m leader of the Halfseekers or, as you might have heard of us, the Half Freaks.”
Her lips twisted sardonically as the adventurers continued.
“We’re a Gold-rank team, but we’ve lost a few members recently, and we came here looking to explore this new dungeon, but also to scout for someone to join us. And after seeing you fight, we think you might fit well with us.”
Ceria gasped in surprise and half-rose out of her seat. Erin stared at the two adventurers in surprise. Gold-rank? That was…really important, wasn’t it? Ceria looked from Jelaqua to Seborn in stunned astonishment.
“What? Me? But I’m only a Silver-rank adventurer! And I just lost my entire party. I barely have any magical artifacts on me what could I—?”
“Please, Ceria, calm down.”
Jelaqua smiled at Ceria as she put a hand on the half-Elf’s shoulder.
“We may be a Gold-rank team, but that doesn’t mean we have to hire only Gold-rank adventurers. Besides, it’s worth finding someone competent even if we have to level them up and give them a few magical items to get them started. Most importantly, you’re a half-Elf, like us. We need people we can work with, not people afraid of non-Humans.”
“It’s just so sudden. I don’t know—I’m honored of course, but—”
Ceria stammered, and Jelaqua shook her head.
“Take your time. We just wanted to mention that. It’s part of the reason we came out here and were able to help.”
Seborn nodded.
“Half-species are rare enough that we knew your name. So when we heard of the dungeon, it was easy enough to make the decision to journey here.”
“I will certainly think about it, thank you. It’s just that I have other people I’m considering forming a party with—”
Ceria glanced down a few tables. Yvlon was eating with Selys in a corner of the room. Jelaqua shrugged.
