2.26
Page 1
But then she spotted three adventurers who stood out from the rest. Mainly because they were all watching her.
Three Gnolls were staring directly at her, even as the other adventurers chatted and drank at their tables. Selys’ eyes darted towards the door, but one of the Gnolls was standing right next to it.
Selys gulped. It took no mean feat of the imagination to guess why they were here. Gnolls never did anything halfway, and if Krshia didn’t know some of them were going to kill the thief, they wouldn’t want anyone telling her. And while Selys knew there were other Drakes and even Humans in the room, she was just a receptionist. She didn’t think they’d stand up for her if some Gnolls decided to block her way. And if they did…
Selys was no fighter, even if she had the [Warrior] class now. She imagined what would happen if she tried to push her way past, and decided a full-scale fight inside the Guild was not something she wanted to be involved in.
But Krshia had to be told. Selys eyed the Gnolls again, and had an idea. The Drake’s tail twitched a few times, and then she slowly looked at the Drake in front of her.
“Messy? I’m going to check on our supplies in the back. Will you cover for me?”
The Drake gaped at Selys.
“What? I’m not a [Receptionist], Selys! What should I do?”
“It doesn’t matter. Just sit here and answer questions, okay?”
Selys slipped out from behind the counter and shoved her friend into the seat. He looked around helplessly as Selys eyed the Gnolls. They were waiting for her to make a break for it, she knew. She didn’t keep them waiting long. Selys ran—just not in the direction they were expecting.
The Gnolls blinked as Selys darted up the stairs. Two of the Gnolls rushed up after her. The other adventurers looked around, confused, and one of the not-quite Humans stood up.
“That was interesting. Should we have a look?”
“I don’t see why not.”
That came from a big…man sitting on the ground. He stood up as his two companions did likewise.
“An inn outside the city. Hm. It rings a bell. Isn’t that where the half-Elf is staying?”
“Coincidence? She might not be mixed up in it.”
“From all I’ve heard of Ceria Springwalker, she probably is. Let’s go, you two. We can at least see what all the fuss is.”
The big half-man walked towards the door, and everyone in his way made themselves scarce. Everyone but the Gnoll at the door, that was. The Gnoll looked up and hesitated, but he had orders.
Casually, the Gnoll stuck a furred arm to block the three adventurer’s passage. The Gnoll smiled up at the one in front.
“You do not want to leave, no?”
“I rather think we do. Could I persuade you to stand aside?”
“No, no. I have heard what you said and it would not be wise, no?”
The big ‘man’ chuckled.
“Wisdom has seldom been our asset. But I can see you won’t be budge. So…”
Delicately, the adventurer reached out. He flicked the Gnoll on the forehead lightly, and the Gnoll blinked and folded up as his eyes rolled back in his head.
The half-human looked around at the other two half-humans and smiled ruefully.
“Well. It looks like this might be very interesting after all. Shall we go?”
 
—-
 
Erin hated fighting. She hated when it happened, she hated that she could die, she hated the necessity of it, and the fact that she was actually good at fighting. At least, that was what Calruz had told her.
But in this world it was fight or flight or let a girl die, so Erin chose to fight. She just wished it was easier.
“[Power Strike]!”
