2.26
Page 15
“Take your time. We’re waiting to unearth the entrance to the dungeon, so there’s plenty of time for you to think. And we’ll talk later – this is just so you know.”
Ceria nodded slowly. She looked overwhelmed. Erin could bear it no more. She raised her voice nervously and all three demi-humans looked at her.
“Um. Uh, is it rude if I ask what species you all are? I don’t want to be rude but—”
“It’s no problem. Most people don’t ask or they know.”
Jelaqua smiled as she pointed at Moore who’d just returned, ducking his head as he reentered the inn.
“Moore is part-Giant as you know. He’s our [Mage]. Our only spell caster, unless Ceria joins us. Next we have Seborn, our [Rogue]. He’s a Drowned Man.”
Seborn nodded.
“I’ve been like this ever since I was a young man.”
“Uh, Drowned…?”
The half-man nodded. He turned slightly and raised his crab arm so Erin could get a good look at him. He did look disturbingly like some kind of fungi was growing on him, but now that Erin looked closer, she could see where dark red carapace was had mixed with the puffed skin.
“It’s the name of our people—of everyone who’s suffered this fate. There’s a creature that lives in the sea that latches onto your body and melds with it. It can take your mind over unchecked, but even if you kill it, it will still change you forever. Half of me is monster, but it doesn’t affect me in any way save for my appearance.”
“Oh. I’m…I’m sorry?”
Seborn smiled at Erin, and shrugged.
“No need to be sorry, is there? I’ve gotten used to it.”
“And I’m a Selphid.”
Jelaqua said that as if the name itself should be explanatory. Erin frowned, and Ceria spoke up.
“Erin doesn’t know many other races. Ah, Erin, a Selphid is…well, you could call them parasites if you were rude, but they’re more like…”
“Parasites is a good word. We’re thieves, only we steal bodies instead of anything else. It’s troublesome, but it’s the only way we can live.”
The woman smiled at Erin, who had no idea what any of them were talking about.
“You mean you’re a ghost?”
Again, the adventurers laughed. Jelaqua shook her head.
“Haven’t you heard of the body snatchers of Baleros? No? We’re a species that find dead bodies and inhabit them, sort of like what happened to Seborn. Only, I can move between bodies and…well, I suppose it’s easiest to show you.”
Jelaqua stood up and pushed her chair back. She walked over to Erin, and then pulled her chainmail off. Erin blinked, but then Jelaqua had begun pulling her shirt off. And then her bra.
“What are you—hey!”
Erin turned away, and made shooing motions at the other guardsmen.
“No one look! No staring!”
She paused when she realized no one was. The guardsmen were staring hard the other way, and the members Griffon Hunt were staring at their food grimly. Across the room Relc shouted.
“Aw. The freak’s going to do that disgusting thing!”
Erin turned to glare at him, but Jelaqua chuckled. Erin found herself looking at a very pale—nearly albino in fact—set of breasts. Jelaqua tapped her chest and smiled at Erin.
“Watch. Don’t be alarmed, now. It’s just that Selphids are—”
Her chest opened up. Erin saw the skin part as something inside pushed the skin and bones away like wrapping paper. The inside of Jelaqua wasn’t red—no, it was nearly as white as the rest of her. Her skin was bloodless, as were her organs. Probably because Jelaqua’s body wasn’t living.
She was dead. And it was the writhing mass of creatures inside her, the dark green and yellow things that blinked and squiggled at Erin and waved long, thin tendrils like spaghetti that were living.
