2.27 G
Page 15
The wisps of dissolving flesh ceased. Rags saw flesh begin to grow over bone, and prayed she wasn’t too late. But then she saw the Chieftain sit up, and then stand and reach towards his own belt.
A second potion grew back muscles and flesh, and then he was standing over her, healed, and silent. The Chieftain of the Red Fang Tribe looked down at Rags, but it was she who spoke first.
 
I won.
 
He stared at her. Then the tall Hob shook his head.
 
Won once. Will not happen twice.
 
Rags shrugged.
 
Once is all. No second time.
 
For a second, she thought the Chieftain would grab his sword and run her through. His face was blank, expressionless, eyes fixed on her face. But then the taller Goblin grinned, and winced as flesh began to grow around his lips.
 
Is enough. You are Chieftain. Red Fang Tribe will submit.
 
He raised his fist and roared into the night sky.
 
Flooded Waters Tribe is strongest! Stop fighting!
 
Around the valley, Goblins slowly lowered their weapons, and even the handful of Carn Wolves stopped moving. The Red Fang Chieftain climbed out of the pit, and repeated his words to the shocked Goblins. His surviving warriors hesitated, and then took up the call. Rags’ Goblins echoed the shout, and then the night was full of voices. Rags stood in the center of it, listening to the roaring.
The Chieftain looked at Rags, serious now.
 
You have won. You were strongest, Chieftain.
 
Rags thought about this. She looked at the dead, the many dying, and thought about all that had passed. And then she looked at the Red Fang Chieftain and smiled.
 
Liar.
 
—-
 
It was not fair. You let me win.
 
That was what Rags said after the battle had ended and her Goblins were either recovering or clearing the dead. She stared at the Red Fang Chieftain as he squatted near a fire, not wary so much as curious.
Up close, the Hob Goblin looked like some kind of Goblin war god. His scars shone in the light, and his red-forged sword was beautiful—far too well-made for any Goblin. His giant wolf lay near the fire, glaring at Rags as he stared into the flames.
The Chieftain looked up. He had told Rags his name. Garen. It was…an odd name. Not a Goblin name. But Garen Red Fang was a legend in his own right, and Rags was certain, yes, certain that she shouldn’t have won. Even with a thousand Goblins versus his sixty.
 
You pretended to lose.
 
He looked up from the fire and shook his head.
 
No pretend. Tested. You won. Did not think you would.
Why?
 
He paused.
 
Must have good Chieftain. Must have better one than I.
 
It was an explanation, but not a satisfactory one. Rags had seen Garen fight. He was a devious leader, and a peerless warrior. She said so, but he laughed.
 
I am not Goblin enough. Not to lead all Goblins.
 
She understood that even less, but then, Rags was practically asleep on her feet from the healing and the battle. She could ask later, and she sensed he would tell her. He had submitted to her, and, stronger or not, she was now in charge. She was now in charge of the entire Red Fang tribe and all the lesser tribes. It hadn’t sunk in yet. But when they joined the main group…
 
Small Goblin. Chieftain. What is name?
 
Rags jerked, and then realized Garen was asking her. No Goblin had ever asked that question before. She hesitated, and then shook her head.
 
No shaman. No name.
 
He frowned slightly.
 
No name is bad luck. Must have one.
 
Again, Rags hesitated. She knew that. She looked into the fire and then at him.
 
Others have name for me. “Rags.”
 
