2.28
Page 13
“They live, they live!”
“Rings! Forged in darkness to bind souls! Yes! How did the Human know?”
“The small folk! They remember them!”
“To Mordor! To Isengard! To the ends of the earth!”
“Ye shall not pass!”
 
“Shut up!”
It was the best of times and the worst of times. Actually, it was just the best of times. I told that story too, and you’d be surprised how emotional Gnolls get. They get pretty physically demonstrative too.
I could close my eyes and remember a thousand times where my audience gasped or cheered or reacted with wonder and awe to stories that I’d nearly forgotten. But one moment stood out to me, as I sat beneath a dark sky full of stars and retold a moment from the Lord of the Rings.
Trick memory. It was just one conversation in a three-hour long film in a quartet of movies, but I’ve always remembered it.
“And Gandalf paused, and spoke. He looked at Pippin with a smile, and said ‘End? No, the journey doesn’t end here. Death is just another path, one that we all must take. The grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all turns to silver glass, and then you see it.’ And Pippin said, ‘What? Gandalf? See what?’”
I look around. My audience is spellbound. I take a breath.
“‘White shores, and beyond, a far green country under a swift sunrise.’”
As I finish speaking, I look up, about to finish the scene and describe the Rohirrim coming to Gondor’s aid. But I pause, and hesitate. I see a speck of something bright and pure and eternal fall to the ground and melt in the snow.
A tear.
The faerie floating in the air above me slowly drifts downwards, until she’s right in front of me. Eye-to-eye. She stares at me, and her voice is quiet.
 
“I was wrong, mortal. There are still things in your world worth seeing and hearing.”
 
Just that. I cleared my throat and kept speaking afterwards. But I sensed the change in the air after that, a lightening. A difference in the way their small eyes looked at me.
Maybe, just maybe, not all stories are just that. I kept telling stories into the night, until the fire was low and everyone was dozing. But I went to sleep smiling.
Some weeks, some months, some years are bad ones. But it can take just one day to turn it around.
One day, or a story. A bit of magic.
It may be all that we brought from our world, but—
It’s enough.
 
—-
 
It was a bright and clear day when Ryoka shook hands with the Chieftain of the Stone Spears tribe and bade farewell to the Gnolls gathered to see her. She looked nothing like the Human who had first limped into the camp site, injured and weary. She stood straight and tall, and her flesh was healed. And she had something in her, a spark in her eyes.
She smiled at Urksh and bowed her head slightly.
“I owe you a debt, Urksh of the Stone Spears Tribe. I will repay it someday.”
Urksh shook his head slightly as he offered Ryoka a refilled backpack full of provisions.
“There is no debt for the joy you have given us. If you wish to stay, you would be more than welcome, Ryoka Griffin.”
“Three days is more than enough. They’ll get bored and start causing trouble to you if I don’t go soon. I need to keep moving.”
Overhead, the Frost Faeries flew high in the sky, telling jokes, laughing, but for once, not bothering her. Urksh glanced up and shook his head.
“You do not know where you are going?”
“Sort of.”
Ryoka hesitated, and then showed him the stone with the arrow.
“I think it’s taking me to a [Necromancer] of some kind.”
He looked troubled.
“We know of one Necromancer, but he is dead. And even a lesser one would be terrible indeed. Going by only a stone is dangerous, yes?”
 
