2.28
Page 8
All of her belongings were in the hut. Ryoka could probably grab them in a few seconds – hopefully the faeries wouldn’t scatter them to the far winds. Then she’d be out of the camp and running. That way only she’d go through whatever the faeries were planning. It would be wrong to get the Gnolls buried by an avalanche, especially if they tried to interfere.
Ryoka felt a churning in her stomach at the thought of more days and nights being hounded. But that was life. That was her life and it was how things were. Maybe this was hell. But it was probably just punishment. For everything.
One of the fairies spiraled downwards and looked at Ryoka.
 
“Having fun with the dog people, mortal? We do not fear their fire and their camp is open for all. But you know, if you grovel, we might relent and not bury everything in snow.”
 
Ryoka stared up at the faerie, vaguely surprised. That wasn’t how they normally greeted her. An insult and a face full of snow was more customary.
“Piss off.”
She waited, but the Frost Faerie didn’t attack. Instead, the little fey only frowned a bit.
 
“Are ye sure? If ye bow yer head a little bit we’ll relent.”
 
Now that was suspicious. Ryoka narrowed her eyes upwards. Her brain, inactive for so long from running and just surviving, began to spin back into gear.
“I’m not doing anything. And if you were going to attack me, you wouldn’t care what I did. What’s stopping you?”
The faerie hesitated.
 
“Naught but a little thing. But we decided that mercy would be best, even for a useless mortal like you.”
 
Ryoka just raised an eyebrow. The fairy pouted, blowing up her cheeks.
 
“Well, we owe a small favor. A tiny favor, really. We promised to forgive your attack, and so we shall. But a bit of groveling would help, mortal.”
 
The mortal fool ignored that while her mind raced. What had the faerie just said? A favor? A faerie’s favor? That was incredible, odd, and suspicious all at once. But the fey didn’t lie, or if they did, not often, and Ryoka assumed they were telling the truth. Then who would be able to get them to stop bothering her and how…?
Her eyes narrowed. Ryoka looked up at the faeries.
“…Erin.”
 
—-
 
She did it. I don’t know how, but she did it. Erin managed to earn the favor of the fey, and I…
Damn me, but I’m jealous.
And weary. Bone-weary. I just wish I could rest.
The faeries left me alone after that. Oh, they tried to get me to bow down and beg for forgiveness and dance for their amusement, but it seems like my punching one of them really is forgiven. Whether that means I’m immune to their normal pranks is different; I already saw them lift an arrow out of a Gnoll’s quiver and use it to spear one of the caught fish and carry it off.
Should I leave the tribe? Urksh tells me everything’s alright and maybe it is. But I’m still tired.
So tired.
Some days…are like that. In fact, most days back home felt very much like today. It’s the emptiness that I remember. It was that empty void in my chest; that lack.
The lack of anything to live for.
How can I describe it? It’s like being tired, but only in my heart. My body can feel as fresh and rested as I please, but there’s nothing in my mind, no burning passion in my soul. There’s nothing I want to do and nothing I want to strive for.
That’s what I remember most about growing up.
There’s a void in my heart, an empty little hole that sucks feelings into it. It waits, a small little creature growing bigger by the day until it will devour me entirely. The great beast of not caring.
Or perhaps it’s the whisper of my despair. Greater yet.
