2.29
Page 3
Ryoka had been experimenting with the [Light] spell, and at least there, she’d realized she could actually alter the orb of light significantly. Instead of having it float next to her, she could just project light from her hands like a flashlight, or even shoot it from one finger. It was incredible, but again, only to Ryoka.
 
“Hah! You think your light is bright? It’s but feeble glimmer compared to yon candle up overhead.”
 
The faerie gestured upwards, and Ryoka didn’t have to look to know she was pointing at the sun.
“Well, I can’t make light as bright as the sun. I’m sorry if that’s disappointing to you.”
 
“Worry not, pathetic human. All you mortals do is disappointing and sad.”
 
The faerie laughed and back flipped off Ryoka’s shoulder to reappear at the girl’s side even as Ryoka abandoned her magic practice and picked up the pace. The faerie leaned backwards in the air and adopted a lounging pose, as if she was lying down in the air. But she never lost her position in front of Ryoka, even when the girl transitioned into a run through the snow.
 
“We did promise to guide you to your destination, but so slowly? We bore, Human! Run faster! Or tell us a story!”
 
Ryoka gritted her teeth and raised her voice as she ran through the snow that tried to drag down her every step.
“I’m just a sad, sorry mortal. I can’t fly, and I don’t have Skills. I’m sorry I’m not Val, okay?”
The faerie blinked down at Ryoka, and then laughed in amusement.
 
“The Human? He is just as slow as ye are.”
 
That was interesting. Ryoka frowned up at the faerie. They didn’t like answering too many questions when she put it to them directly, but she’d learned to draw answers out of them in the form of conversations.
“Really? I thought he’d be fast, to you at least. What about Hawk? Isn’t he quick?”
 
“Would ye compare snails to birds, Human? We ride the wind and race through storms! We move across paths beyond worlds—what can your small feet do to catch us?”
 
The faerie looked insulted, and Ryoka quickly changed the subject.
“Okay, fine. You’re fast and I’m not. I guess you travel around a lot, then? Is that how you know Teriarch?”
The faerie narrowed her eyes down at Ryoka. She and her friends had already refused to answer Ryoka’s many questions about their home, their magic, and pretty much anything else of value. Reluctantly, she nodded.
 
“We’ve seen the old fool about before. In passing, when he was but a whelp, and later. What of it?”
 
“You’ve been around here for a long time, then. Are you older than Teriarch? How old are you—or do faeries move through time differently?”
Now the faerie did frown. She flipped her wings and ‘sat’ in the air, facing away from Ryoka.
 
“Secret.”
 
“Oh come on. What’s the point of a secret if you can’t share it?”
Ryoka felt like she was coaxing a kid, but the faeries were childish at times. But when the immortal turned her head to look at Ryoka, she felt a chill as she realized she was speaking to just that. Sometimes the faeries were childish, at other times their gazes turned ancient and unreadable. Like now.
 
“Some things cannot be told, and certainly not for a single tale, mortal.”
 
“How about a hundred? Don’t you owe me a favor? You may have promised to take me to the place where the dead gather, but I’ve told you countless stories and poems. Doesn’t that mean I get a few questions answered or—”
Squish.
