2.29
Page 12
Ilvriss stares hard at me, but I’m not going to blink. To his credit, neither does he, and he looks away, too important to get into a staring contest with a Human. He sniffs and his tail twitches slightly at me.
“A [Lord] can detect falsehoods as well as any other class, Human. I know you are speaking the truth, but it does not change the fact that you are here.”
“What could I do that’s so dangerous?”
“You could send word of Zel’s…predicament, or perhaps he would contract you to deliver something yourself. It matters not. You are a random element, and I will not have you disturb my battle.”
He’s almost sensible. Although, I wouldn’t ever accept a request to dodge an enemy army—well, I probably wouldn’t. I bite my tongue and try to come up with a response.
“I’m a City Runner, not a citizen of your Walled Cities. You don’t have any right to detain me.”
He raises his non-existent eyebrows and I hear Periss chuckle softly.
“Indeed? And who will enforce your ‘rights’, Human? An army from one of your precious cities? If they can make it past Liscor, I would be much impressed. But until then, I am a [Lord] and this is my army who provide all the right I need.”
Well, I hate to say it, but he’s right. You can’t exactly say ‘you and what army?’ to this guy, and he’s not about to budge on his position. I can see it in his eyes.
Ilvriss turns and studies a map in his tent. I stare at it covertly, trying to spot any landmarks, like say, a castle made of bones or something helpful to locate that Necromancer.
“Zel may have been injured in this skirmish, but his main force is still out there. Until we find and crush them, you will stay in our camp.”
I grind my teeth.
“Fine. Great. Wonderful. I’m honored.”
“You will not be treated unfairly, unless of course you attempt to escape. I honor all the tenets of war. But you must first relinquish any magical items on your person.”
One of his aides comes towards me, reaching for my belt. Shit. I step back, and Periss reaches for her sword.
“Don’t resist, Human.”
“I’m not resisting.”
Yet. I wonder if I could get out of this tent? The last thing I want to do is sit in a camp while I’m tied up and an enemy army is about to attack. I try to look around as I speak.
“Don’t touch my belt. I’m carrying a magical item that will attack anyone who’s not me or the recipient.”
They brought me into the center of this camp, but the soldiers are healing and they’re guarding the perimeter, not me at the moment. Only Periss is really watching me, and if I could cause a distraction, my potions might help me get away.
The aide hesitates, and Ilvriss looks over.
“What are you carrying that is so important?”
“Stuff. It’s confidential; I can’t speak of it.”
“If it is a weapon, we may seize it for use during our campaign.”
“I don’t know what it is, but if you want to touch it, do it a few miles away from me, will you?”
Periss glares at me, but now I’ve got Ilvriss interested enough to come over. He points at me.
“Show me what you are carrying.”
Slowly, I reach into my belt and sense the Drake behind me reach for her sword. But I’m not about to use the ring as a weapon. Rather, I’m taking the time to remember where all of Octavia’s potions are. Some in my belt, some in my pack. Well, damn. But I know one of them is small enough that I put it in a pouch…
I take out the ring and letter and show it to Ilvriss. Wisely, he doesn’t get any closer, but he studies both.
“Berlyrssat.”
