2.29
Page 8
Potions. The cloth bags. They’re my only weapons; I haven’t had to use any against monsters yet, but people—
I’ve got only a few of the ones Octavia gave me. Three potions, two bags. Which one was…?
I feel at my belt and then freeze as I hear someone speaking only a few feet away.
“Any sightings?”
“None, milady.”
“Then the Human is still here. Have the others set up a net and look for traps. The rest of you, with me.”
I hear snow crunching, and then the voice grows louder. They’re right on top of me! I hold my breath. I am invisible, unseen—
But a terrible thought strikes me. This would work in my world, but here they have mages. And then the voice seems like it’s right overhead.
“We know you’re here, Human. If you don’t come out right now we’ll blast this entire hill with magic!”
No. No, no, no…
“Come forward! Now!”
The tone in her voice makes it clear she’s a second away from ordering a strike. I have to move.
Slowly, I sit up out of the snow, raising my hands. I’m nearly blinded by the light. I blink, look around—
And see the soldiers.
There are eight of them, all Drakes except for a single Gnoll with a bow. And they’re armed, wearing chainmail, heavy leather, and holding weapons still covered in blood. And…they’re not looking at me.
Nope. Not at all. The Drake leading them is surveying the landscape below the hill with the other Drakes. They’re looking the other way…and they’re standing about ten feet downhill from me. One of the Drakes turns around as he hears me sit up, and shouts. The others turn, and raise their weapons as they react with obvious surprise.
Oh my god.
It was a bluff. And I fell for it!
Their leader is the first to react. She unsheathes her sword and points it at me as she shouts.
“Do not move! Soldiers on me!”
Her voice rings out and I hear shouting. I keep my hands raised, mind racing.
Ryoka, you damn idiot…! What can I do? The Gnoll had his bow trained on me. I’m not going to be able to grab a potion, but what about a spell? If I could buy a second, I could use Teriarch’s potion. It’s my last resort, but—
I have two spells. [Light] and [Noise]. I could use either one with my hands, but what could it do? The arrow is pointed at my face. I’ve got an idea for one spell—but no.
No. I stare down the shaft and eye the arrow tip. I…I’m too afraid to try. The soldiers are encircling me, and now more charge up the hill.
The Drake captain or commander or whatever points at me with her sword. She seems cautious of me, but all I’m in danger of doing is turning the snow yellow.
“On your feet, Human. Slowly. Make no sudden moves.”
This isn’t my first arrest, although it is the first one in this world and the first one where I’m being held up at sword point. I move with exaggerated care, making no moves that would alarm the soldiers. The Drake eyes me from head to snowy toe.
“Who are you? Are you a soldier from the Trisstral Alliance? Or a mercenary? An adventurer? Speak!”
Trisstral Alliance? I have no idea what she’s talking about—probably all those soldiers her army just slaughtered. I shake my head slowly.
“I’m a Runner.”
The Drake Captain blinks, but her eyes narrow.
“A Runner? Prove it.”
Thankfully, I can. Runners use Seals, but we also get one of our own to show to suspicious people…mainly like her. I’ve got one that lists my designation as City Runner; it’s spelled so the seal would break if it left my possession for longer than five minutes.
“I’ve got a Seal in my belt pouch.”
She looks at one of the Drakes.
“Find it.”
