2.29
Page 13
One of the Drakes hurries forwards. He’s not a soldier either; probably a servant of some kind. He’s holding a stone, a clear bit of quartz or something. He waves it over the stone, and it turns deep violet, almost black.
Berlys-whatever takes a step back and gulps as he looks at Ilvriss.
“My Lord. This is a potent magical artifact. The magic on it is Tier 5 or higher.”
That makes the Wall Lord look at me. He narrows his eyes, and Periss’s sword is so close to my back that I can practically feel it tickling my spine. Don’t move. But I know exactly where Octavia’s potion is, now. If she’d just move away—
“What are you carrying? No, do not answer. You have your rules. Intriguing. This may be a weapon, but if it is it is lost to us.” He looks over at Periss, and the Drake nods reluctantly.
“We don’t have time to dispel the magic, if we even could.”
Ilvriss nods once, and then turns back to me, now suddenly and unfortunately focused on me.
“Well then, what else are you carrying?”
“Potions. Defensive equipment. Not stuff I want stolen.”
“We will recompense you for your items. Show me.”
Great, now he’s curious. I sigh, and reach into a pouch slowly.
“Stop. Berlyrssat will take your items, unless any of them are trapped?”
“No. But be careful.”
The Drake aide takes my belt, and begins opening pouches. My pack is sitting on the table, and pretty soon he has most of the items out. Ilvriss ignores my normal gear and stares hard at the potions, especially the one Teriarch gave me.
“Quite an odd collection for a mere City Runner.”
“It’s a dangerous world. Sue me.”
Poke. Unlike Mrsha’s claws, the sword actually goes into my skin a bit and draws blood. I glare at Periss and she gives me a death-look in return.
Ilvriss ignores us lesser beings and studies the glowing potion. Then he frowns as he stares at a clear liquid in another potion.
“What’s this? It’s not like any potion I’ve ever seen.”
“Don’t open it.”
“Is it deadly?”
The Drake eyes the bottle, and I shake my head.
“It’s not. It just smells bad.”
He looks over at me and sniffs.
“Smells bad? What kind of a potion does that?”
“Hey, I don’t judge your armor.”
Poke. I grit my teeth. Aagh! That hurt! I project as much sincerity into my voice as possible.
“Just don’t open it, alright? It smells bad. You’ll regret it. Don’t be stupid.”
This time Periss growls, but Ilvriss just raises an eyebrow. Yep, he’s like all those arrogant idiots. Tell him not to do something and he wants to try it just to show he can.
“Smell is hardly one of the things I fear. Any scent can be easily erased by magic.”
His claw reaches for the cork stopper. Periss raises her voice.
“My lord, is that such a good idea? Please allow me.”
“It is not deadly. The Human has said so and I have read the truth of it in her words. Let us see what she fears so much.”
I hold my breath and hope like hell I don’t puke. Ilvriss struggles to uncork Octavia’s wedged-in stopper, but then it comes out and—
“Dead gods!”
Have you ever smelled—no, wait, that’s not how I should explain it. Have you ever been hit by a car? Because the smell that fills the tent is more like a physical blow than anything else. I’m ready for it, and I still double over and nearly retch. The others aren’t so lucky.
Ilvriss jerks as the smell hits him, and I see his face change. He grasps at his throat—to stop from vomiting?—and his other claw grabs at the bottle. Mistake. It falls to the ground and the stink-liquid pours out and the smell gets worse.
