2.29
Page 7
The voice in my ear makes me start. I look around and see the faerie.
“What…what is?”
The small creature points ahead, nearly directly past the sight of the battle.
 
“Yonder lies your destination.”
 
My destination…? I’d nearly forgotten about the Necromancer. I swallow. Oh god. How am I supposed to get past all that?
Running? They’ve got arrows and magic. This—this isn’t the same as the Lich. That was a monster, but this is a battle. What can I do if the army decides I’m a threat. Could the faeries—?
I look at them, and they seem to read my mind. One of the faeries fixes me with a serious look.
 
“We do not interfere in the quarrels of mortals. Remember that, Human.”
 
Oh. I don’t know what to say, but I open my mouth and I’m terribly afraid I’m going to beg them to help me. To—I don’t know—bury the army in an avalanche or something? Maybe I can just get around them. If I run west and then north for ten—no, twenty miles, maybe I can get—
 
“Look out! Duck, fool!”
 
A faerie shouts and points. I whirl, and see some of the archers and soldiers down below facing my way. They’re pointing, and I realize they’ve spotted my obvious position on the hill. I hear a shout, and suddenly they’re raising bows!
“God!”
I dive into the snow just as the distant figures loose. Something whistles overhead, and I look up just in time to see black blurs shoot past where my head had been.
Oh no. This is bad. How could I have been so stupid? Who stands on a hill and gives away their position like that? I wasn’t thinking and now I’m dead.
I crawl towards the edge of the hill, back the way I’ve come. Get below their line of fire. But already I can hear shouting, growing louder.
“Damn it. Hey, can you—?”
I look up, and the faeries are gone. I’m alone.
Oh no.
I try to crawl faster, but the snow is so deep around me I can barely move, and if I stand up, I’m sure I’ll be shot. But now I can hear voices, angry ones, and a female voice roaring commands.
“Spread out! Don’t let the Human escape!”
I have to run. I brace my knees to get up and dash. How fast can I go in this deep snow? It’s knee-deep in places and nearly up to my waist where it piles up. If I slip—I can’t outrun people with bows and spells! But I have to.
A thought strikes me. Hold on, hold on. What if I…?
The shouting is getting nearer. I look around, and then take a chance. I dig into the snow around me. It’s deep. If I lie down, what then? I push snow up over my head, my body. Just pretend you’re a dead body. Hide. Don’t run; that’s what they expect.
I worm my way into the snow, trying to bury myself without making it seem like I’ve dug myself in. All the while I can hear sounds getting louder, but they’re practically drowned out by the thunder of my heart.
This is the stupidest thing I’ve ever done.
The snow buries my head, and all I see is white. The cold is around me, but I’m so panicked I can’t even feel it. I try to breathe slowly, and dig myself deeper while making no sound. The shouting is all around me now.
“Oh my god. fucking…shit, shit, shit—”
A dim part of me feels outraged that in a time of crisis, I don’t have the vocabulary to express myself. What am I, a middle-schooler? Even they know how to swear. But I’m scared out of my mind. I don’t even believe in a god*, but if I could pray—
 
*By that, I mean I don’t believe in worshiping one. That gods exist, or existed, well…that’s pretty definite in this world.
 
What do I do if they find me? I can hear snow crunching, and I wonder if they accept Human prisoners. If I have to fight—
