2.30
Page 12
I am left alone with Az’kerash. And now that I can look away from the terrible sight above me, I begin to see other details.
He is just a human or—he looks like one. But he bears other marks of his profession.
His robes are black. But that word and color don’t describe a tenth of what he is actually wearing. Can you weave shadows together? Can you take midnight and color it with shades of darkness, so finely woven that the world bends where the folds of the robes meet and swirl together? That’s his robe.
It is shadows, and they slowly ripple over his form, sucking in all light. And he has a ring on his finger, a piece of silver that looks normal, but makes what little magical sense I have scream at me that it is not.
And then Az’kerash speaks, and his voice is normal. Old, cracked, but still clear and strong. And—distant. He doesn’t look at me as he talks out loud.
“What is the point of having help if they can’t even keep out a single intruder? But then, if they were as competent as the creator, what would be my role? Wouldn’t you agree, young lady?”
“I—”
“It is impressive that you made it this far. But I am busy, and I will discover anything of value from your corpse at a later time.”
He points at my face and speaks.
“[Silent Sickle].”
The air ripples, and a ring of edged silver speeds towards my face. I throw my weight against the webs, and topple over.
The sickle cuts my hair, and through the flesh of my shoulder, so finely that only when I fall and jar the cut does it start to bleed. And the pain hasn’t begun yet, so severe is the cut.
“Interesting. Low-level spells have their weaknesses. I commend you.”
His finger shifts downwards towards my face. I stare at the Necromancer and know I’m about to die.
He’s—he’s not even looking at me. His other hand is shimmering with so much magic that it’s making me feel sick just looking at it. I don’t even think he’s paying attention; he’s acting on autopilot!
“Wait!”
I shout as Az’kerash’s finger glows. He makes no response and I desperately call out.
“I have a letter! I’m a messenger!”
The black glow around his fingers fades. Az’kerash pauses.
“A letter? From whom?”
“Teriarch. He sent a letter and a ring. It’s in my belt.”
I don’t feel the spider webs vanish. But they’re suddenly gone, and I scramble to my feet. I reach for my belt pouch, but it disappears from my waist and reappears in the Necromancer’s hand. He casually opens it and discards the belt as he takes both ring and letter in his hand.
For the first time he diverts his gaze from the floating collection of body parts overhead and glances down at the letter. I see his pupils only once—pale ghostly white light shining from behind two black corneas.
He doesn’t even look at me, but my heart falters in my chest. There’s something behind those eyes. Something inside that gaze, something else. It’s not Human anymore, if it ever was. But then he looks down and blinks once, and I look away, at his dark robes made from shadows and midnight.
“Let me see. Ah, yes. I was expecting this.”
I hold my breath. Az’kerash reads the letter swiftly, murmuring around.
“The usual long-winded greetings…my deepest congratulations to you…accept this small token of my esteem. Ah. And he’s sent a ring enchanted with warding and movement spells in the Silvarian dueling fashion – no, knowing him, it’s most likely an original. A nod to my passions and an expensive and practical gift. Appropriate.”
The Necromancer flicked his hand, and the ring vanished.
