2.30
Page 3
I need to go to the bathroom. As in, now. It’s gross, but it’s nature. I was with the Frost Faeries in the morning, and then I was pretty much being taken prisoner, tricking idiot [Lords], and running for my life and hiding for the rest of it.
Shit. I mean, not shit. This is not the place for any of that. I’m in the middle of a war here!
But what am I supposed to do? This is another issue that I never thought I’d have to deal with, but again, I’ve got no choice.
Cover, cover…I eye the bush. That is a very uncomfortable place to squat, but it beats anything else.
“Damn it.”
…
Do you know how hard it is to take off several layers of winter clothing and then do your business when you can hear people dying and hacking each other to bits around you? I mean, that does help the bowel movements in one sense, but in another—
Fear and hatred are pretty much equal in my heart as I brush away branches and try to hurry nature on its course. I’m terrified at any moment someone’s going to see me and this is not the way I want to die—
 
“Should we come back when she’s done, do ye think?”
“Bah! ‘Tis only a bit of night soil. ‘Twill do the thorn bush good.”
 
I swear, I had a small heart attack when I heard the voices in my ear. I look around, and see a familiar face. A Frost Faerie grins at me as she perches on a leaf, and more of her friends sit in the bush. Watching me in a very intimate moment.
I growl at them.
“Piss off!”
 
“It’s not us doing the pissing now, is it?”
 
The faeries laugh as I grab at my clothes. Here’s one small mercy: I did bring toilet paper with me*. I wipe fast and stumble out of the bush as the faeries float around me, chatting and winging through the air as if they don’t notice the battle going on.
*Toilet paper in this case being blank pieces of parchment, broad leaves, and anything else I could grab that looked soft on the skin. It’s not as if there’s actual factories manufacturing the good stuff, and some people in this world use stones, clay, sponges…fuck that.
“What the hell are you doing here?”
I hiss at the faeries once I’m properly decent. One of them settles on the bush, seemingly ignoring what just transpired there.
 
“We’re here to fulfill our part of the bargain, silly mortal. Do ye think we’re oath breakers who’d go back on our word for a silly little mortal war?”
 
I blink at them, and then remember.
“You mean you’re going to take me to the Necromancer? Do you not see the people killing each other over there?”
One of the faeries yawn and she floats up to the tree line.
 
“I see naught to worry us. Do ye fear the soldiers? Hah!”
 
She raises her voice and shouts.
 
“Come then, pitiful mortals! Come with your spears and metal! Yon Human will fight all of you!”
 
“Shut up!”
I hiss as loudly as I can at the faerie, looking around wildly. She flies back down and laughs in my face.
 
“‘Tis you who should be quiet! Have you forgotten? Mortals cannot hear our words any more than they can see our true forms. You’re the one clomping around and making sound in the darkness.”
 
That’s…true. True, but I just want to smack the smirk off the faerie’s face. I take several deep breaths. Even in the middle of a war these little nightmares act the same. If I were on the gallows, they’d be telling jokes and eating popcorn. They’d probably love the show.
But they’re here, and oddly, their presence reassures me even as they piss me off. I steady myself, and readjust my plans.
“Okay. Okay, you’re right. I’m sorry. Can you…take me to the Necromancer?”
 
