2.30
Page 5
Damn. She’s right. Somehow I’m back in the clearing. I sigh, and then freeze as I hear a voice.
“Are you a Courier, then?”
I whirl around. Standing behind me is a Drake, a tall warrior wearing plate armor. My heart freezes in my chest. Oh no. A soldier.
My hand shoots towards my belt, but the soldier sighs.
“Don’t move. I don’t want to hurt you, but I’m not in the mood to get hit with some [Alchemist]’s concoction.”
I freeze, and the Drake nods. My eyes dart around the clearing, but he’s the only person here besides me. Literally.
The faeries are gone. Looks like they won’t help me if I’m attacked. I have no idea what to do.
I stare at the Drake and recognize him, vaguely. He’s the one who led the charge on the other army. He’s covered with blood, and it’s practically painting his arms.
“I saw you fleeing Ilvriss’s camp. I don’t suppose you have a message for me?”
He doesn’t seem to be overly hostile, and he’s clearly not with the soldiers I escaped from. I hesitate.
“No. I’m on a different mission. But I am a Runner?”
“Who else could be living this far away from civilization? No, don’t answer. I don’t particularly care right now. But tell me, have you seen any other soldiers here? I’ve been separated from my army, and I keep getting turned around here.”
He’s lost? I glance at the trees behind me out of the corner of my eyes. Must be an unfortunate side effect of the magic.
“I haven’t seen anyone, but I think there’s fighting that way.”
I point back the way I came.
“Not sure if they’re your side or the other side, though. I didn’t get close enough to check.”
The Drake shrugs wearily.
“It doesn’t matter either way. So long as I get back to the fighting. I’d like to talk with you once this is over, assuming we win. Seems like I owe you a debt for causing that chaos in the camp.”
Really? A Drake that isn’t immediately suspicious of me? A sensible soldier? This is almost harder to believe than the magic forest maze. But I don’t look a gift horse in the mouth, especially when he looks like he’s just ripped apart a bunch of people with his claws.
“Sure. Thanks. I’ll just be going now…”
I take a few steps backwards. The Drake smiles.
“I understand. But before you go—could I get your name? My name is Zel.”
“…I’m Ryoka.”
He nods and smiles again.
“Pleased to meet you, Miss Ryoka. Now then, I’ll let you be on your way.”
He turns and begins to walk past me, but then, stops, and sighs. I tense, but he’s not looking at me. Zel scratches at his cheek wearily, leaving a thin trail of blood.
“Oh Dragon dung.”
I look over. Standing at the edge of the clearing is a group of soldiers, weapons drawn, and leading them are two Drakes I recognize.
Lord of the Wall Ilvriss strides forwards, resplendent in his gold and crimson armor, his loyal subordinate Periss at his side. His cape swirls around him as he draws his sword, a shining blade that glows even in the darkness.
The effect is somewhat ruined by his red eyes and the awful stench coming from him and Periss. That might be why the elite soldiers are standing a bit farther behind the two than necessary.
Ilvriss stares at me and Zel, his eyes burning and blinking rapidly. He looks pissed. And uh, I might be edging behind Zel at this point.
The lone Drake looks at Ilvriss and the warriors without a trace of fear, but rather, weary resignation. He nods his head and Ilvriss returns the gesture.
“Zel Shivertail.”
“Wall Lord Ilvriss. I don’t suppose you’re here to surrender, are you?”
“On the contrary. I will have you surrender here, now, or after I have subdued you. This battle is over.”
