2.30
Page 4
“We will take you to the place where the dead gather, as per our agreement, Human.”
 
Faerie deals. Always beware the fine print. I’m not in the mood to analyze that statement, so I nod.
“Will you take me through safe paths? Away from soldiers, I mean?”
The faeries eye me.
 
“No paths are safe in war, Human. At least, not to you. We will take you away from the worst of the fighting, but we make no promises.”
 
Damn. But it beats wandering around, and hey, maybe this Necromancer isn’t interested in a single human. I haven’t seen any undead yet, which sort of makes me more inclined to seek him out than anything living at the moment.
“Alright, lead on.”
 
“Move quick, and silently as you can, Human. This way.”
 
The faeries fly off ahead of me, to my right. Deeper into the forest. I hesitate, and then move after them, slowly, quietly, wincing each time my boots crunch in the snow or I snap a branch.
It’s a long, harrowing journey in the darkness, with only the blue glow of the faerie’s light to guide my path. But then we enter a clearing and the faeries hover, pointing.
 
“There. Beyond lies the place you seek.”
 
My heart pounds as I stop and stare at the trees. They’re nothing special. Dark shadows seem to consume sight a few feet in, but otherwise the stand of trees looks ordinary to me.
“Are you s—”
Of course they’re sure. I bite the question back on my tongue.
“Okay, let’s go.”
I slowly walk into the trees, pushing past the thick branches. My nerves are twanging as I slowly make my way forwards. It’s so dark. What will I find beyond these trees? Death? It can’t be worse than what lies behind me.
But then—a voice in my ear.
 
“Stop.”
 
Instantly, I stop, listening for the sounds of something approaching. But then the faerie hovering by my face points.
 
“Go left here.”
 
I eye her, but do as she instructs. But after only a few feet she stops me again.
 
“Now forwards.”
 
Again, I take no more than ten steps before she speaks.
 
“Now right.”
 
“Oh come on.”
The faerie glares at me as I give her an irritated look.
 
“This is the path, Human. Do ye want to find this Necromancer or not?”
 
I’d soon as rather not, but maybe they’re steering me around pitfalls or something. Grumpily I obey, but then the faerie floats in front of me.
 
“Good. Now, walk backwards.”
 
“You’ve got to be shitting me.”
 
“You do that well enough. ‘Tis the only way through this maze.”
 
“Maze? What maze? We’re in the trees!”
The faerie gives me another look, and I realize how stupid that sounds. Magic doesn’t need to be visible, does it? But then…she could just be messing with me. The problem is, both theories sound equally valid.
But the faeries don’t lie…much. So I sigh and turn around, only to have the faerie yell at me again.
 
“No, don’t turn! Walk backwards, fool!”
 
I glare at her, but face forwards again and slowly walk backwards.
“If this is some kind of prank—”
The faerie rolls her eyes in impatience.
 
“Look at your stone, you fool, you!”
 
For a moment I forget that I have Teriarch’s enchanted stone. Then I pull it out and stare at the magical arrow.
It’s pointing behind me. I turn, and it swings around. What the hell? You can only get to your destination by walking backwards at this point?
I try to follow the stone’s directions, walking backwards, forwards, left and right seemingly at random. No wonder everyone thinks this Necromancer is dead if this is how you have to get to him.
“That’s a clever trick.”
 
“Not so clever. And ye missed a step. You walked too far forwards.”
 
