2.30
Page 6
Zel nods as if he expected nothing more. He eyes Ilvriss’ red eyes with interest, as well as Periss. She’s got a nasty bruise on her scales where I kicked her, and both she and Ilvriss are giving me casual looks of murderous rage.
“That’s a lot of elite soldiers to capture me. I’m flattered.”
Ilvriss shakes his head in irritation.
“I would not sully our duel with underhanded tricks. They are here for her.”
He points at me with his sword, and every eye shifts towards me. Oh shit.
There’s got to be at least fifteen soldiers behind Periss, and they all look like they’ve got special armor. How do I know? Magic runes, shining metal where there’s no light, and a general sense of…death emanating from the group of warriors.
I am so dead.
Ilvriss nods to his second-in-command.
“I will deal with Shivertail. Capture the Human.”
I tense to run, but surprisingly, Zel interrupts. He takes a casual step towards Ilvriss and everyone in the clearing raises their weapon. Is this guy some sort of badass? Or…the general of the other army?
“Hold on now, that’s a bit unfair. Why don’t you send some of those warriors my way? I’m sure it will make this a fairer fight.”
He raises a bloody claw, and Periss hesitates. She looks towards Ilvriss.
“My Lord—”
He glares at her. Looks like he wants an honor duel, no matter how stupid everyone else thinks it is. He points at me.
“Go, Periss. Hack off her legs if you must, but bring her to me alive. ”
That doesn’t sound good. I take two steps back, but one of the Drakes in the ground raises a bow. Well, shit. I’m definitely not faster than a speeding arrow. Think, Ryoka. What can I…?
It’s dark in the clearing. I glance around. The moonlight is faint as it filters through the thick canopy. If I run…no, their eyes are too good.
Eyes. Too good. Darkvision. My eyes narrow. Zel is beginning to circle with Ilvriss and Periss is slowly advancing towards me, sword raised. Her eyes are on my belt, but I don’t reach for a potion. Instead, I slowly raise my hand.
“Hey Lord Asshole. Take a good look at this.”
Ilvriss spares one glance towards me and opens his mouth at the same time Periss does. But that’s all I need. I focus, and push all the magic I have into one spell.
Now.
My palm shines white, and the Drakes and Gnolls cry out and cover their eyes. It’s the [Flashlight] spell again, only this time it’s on high beam.
I turn and sprint back towards the enchanted section of trees, pointing my hand backwards as I do. The light is blinding, but I hear the soldiers blundering after me even as the Zel guy leaps towards Ilvriss.
The trees encircle me. I hesitate. Teriarch’s stone is in my belt. Which way do I—?
 
“To your right, Human!”
 
A faerie flies down and shouts in my ear. I immediately run right even as I point my palm backwards. Blind them. I can hear Periss shouting angrily, her voice ringing through the trees.
“Seize her! Cancel that spell!”
The bright light emanating from my palm suddenly goes out. I blink in shock and nearly stumble as the now far-darker forest closes in around me.
Oh hell. I didn’t know mages could do that. I drop my hand and put all my energy into sprinting ahead. The faeries keep calling out directions and I obey them as I hear my pursuers shouting just behind me.
 
“Forwards! Now right!”
“Diagonal left! No, other left!”
“Stop and turn right! There! Run!”
“Left now!”
 
My foot catches on a root, and I stumble. My arms windmill and I jerk back upright—
And stop when I see the castle.
