2.30
Page 13
“How…predictable. A note and token of esteem to mark my two hundredth year of existence. He needn’t have bothered especially given our strained relationship. But Dragons are quite conscientious about such things and they are nothing if not formal. I don’t suppose this comes with a request for a reply? No, I don’t believe he would want to impose. Ah, well.”
The Necromancer looked over at Ryoka.
“Is there anything else?”
 
—-
 
Ryoka tried to work moisture into a suddenly dry mouth. What? Her mind was full of roaring static.
Az’kerash turned back towards the ever-changing monstrosity above.
“Is there anything else?”
“N-no.”
“Very well then. I suppose it would not do to kill one of his messengers. Go, then.”
Ryoka stood in place for a few seconds, but her legs wisely moved her towards the door. The static roared louder in her ears. A voice whispered in her ears.
Let’s see.
Hundreds of miles.
Countless dangers.
Two armies at war.
Frost Faeries.
Necromancer and undead minions.
For this. A delivery worth eight hundred gold pieces.
A letter. A…happy birthday letter and a token gift.
“I’ll just…be going now.”
The Necromancer didn’t even glance her way. He was totally engrossed in his project overhead.
“Ah, hm. Goodbye. Shut the door on your way out.”
She did, pausing only to pick her belt off the ground. Ryoka stared at the door, and then looked over and saw Venitra. And Kerash. And Bea. They stood around her, faces full of—
“The Master let her go? Why?”
“He is busy. His decision may be in error.”
“He doesn’t make mistakes.”
“No. But we should hold her until he is finished.”
“Agreed.”
Ryoka stared at them. Static.
She punched Venitra in her bony face and felt her hand crack. Broken bone? No, just horribly bruised. She reached into her belt pouch and pulled out a glowing orange-and-pink potion. Bea reached for her and Kerash intervened, pushing her pallid hands back with his.
“We need her alive.”
“Apologies.”
Ryoka uncorked the potion. The undead didn’t even seem to regard her as a threat. She downed the entire bottle. Wasn’t she supposed to only take a few gulps?
Venitra reached out towards Ryoka. Her fingers began to close over the young woman’s shoulders and then froze.
Ryoka blinked at the fingers. They’d stopped? No, they were moving slowly. Carefully, Ryoka moved backwards and watched as the fingers slowly closed together. The bone-woman’s face registered shock, and then Kerash moved, striking out at Ryoka, faster, but still at a snail’s pace to Ryoka.
She walked away. Then began to jog. And then run. Ryoka frowned, but her legs moved against her will. Faster, faster, faster.
“Ohnothisisn’tgoodIcan’tstop.”
Out of the castle in a blink of the eye. Ryoka’s mind was racing, but it couldn’t catch up with her body. Something in her was steering her legs, but her conscious mind was still trying to process what was happening. And then Ryoka was running—
 
—-
 
Zel’s soldiers charged towards the enemy, and the Drake [General] lifted a bloodstained claw and roared, inspiring his warriors and demoralizing the enemy army. Without either Periss or Ilvriss, their ranks were crumbling as his superior Skills and abilities turned the tide of the battle.
“Reform ranks and prepare another charge!”
This would shatter them. As Zel took his place at the head of the line, he felt tired. Too many cuts from Ilvriss’s damn sword. But he was getting old, too. Too old for meaningless battles.
The enemy was still regrouping. Zel narrowed his eyes. His troops were trying to form up, but this was the moment.
“Charge!”
