2.30
Page 8
The Necromancer. Az’kerash. To me, he’s just another name, another bigwig in a world where everyone’s bald. How could I understand who he is, when everyone just says his name as if what he’s done is common knowledge?
Well, it probably is. But I don’t know it. It’s like someone who’s never been to our world hearing the name Hitler and wondering who he was. I didn’t realize the gravity of what Teriarch was asking me to do, and I don’t know why the soldiers look like they’re ready for death.
But then the earth shakes, and I do. I hear a groan, not the sound of any natural geological process, but the sound of something that is neither living nor natural. It echoes out of the ground, a horrible noise that comes from beyond, from the depths of dark horror and fear.
Bleeding in the brain. Squiggling shapes in your bedroom. The shadow standing at your front door. Maggots crawling in your mouth and eyes.
Fear.
Thump. Thump.
My heartbeat echoes. I turn, and look towards a patch of ground that begins to bulge upwards. Periss raises her sword slowly.
The earth shakes. I can feel it in my bones.
This is the place where the dead gather. This is the place where the Necromancer lives. But somehow I forgot what that means.
Now I know. Now I understand.
Something reaches up out of the ground, a hand, grey-green flesh, rotten sinew. But pink in places, too, oozing red. And bone. An arm, but not one any Human would have.
It reaches towards the sky, each finger as tall as I am, and the colossus rises. A head breaks the snow, and two eyes filled with huge, squirming maggots gapes at us. I’m screaming in my head, but the cold air is filled only with silence.
Az’Kerash. The Necromancer.
The undead giant slowly rises out of the ground and the soldiers behind me stare up at it. Suddenly, their magical gear that was so deadly seems like toys in the hands of children. They are ants, and so am I.
The giant stops halfway out of the ground. It raises its other arm, shedding snow and dirt and waits. I hesitate, but then I see more shapes.
They’re sitting up out of the snow, or walking from the castle. Skeletons, undead, both far more ghastly shapes too. A hideous, bloated creature with bones for teeth and claws drags itself across the ground, dribbling black blood from its ‘mouth’. A thing made of many worms reshapes itself as it slowly drags itself through the snow.
A tall corpse of a Gnoll strides towards us, a massive battleaxe in his hand, faded silver armor and a circlet shining in the moonlight.
An army of the dead. They advance towards us, walking slowly, as if they’ve got all the time in the world. And they do. They’re dead, endless, immortal. And we are trapped and alone.
“Human.”
Periss speaks quietly to me, her eyes never leaving the approaching undead. She holds her sword at the ready, tip pointed straight ahead.
“What was it that you were supposed to deliver?”
I don’t even bother with hesitation. What’s the point, now? I sense the ruby ring and letter in my pouch.
“A letter to Az’kerash from a Dragon.”
She stares at me silently. Then her lips quirk into a half-smile.
“And my Lord thought you were carrying a mere artifact of the past. Would that he knew this. Well, go.”
She points towards the castle and I stare at her.
“You’re just letting me leave?”
She shrugs as the horror drags itself out of the ground. The soldiers around her are forming into a line, their faces grim.
“You have your duty, I have mine. Let us both die fulfilling our roles.”
Across the snowy expanse, the undead Gnoll wearing armor stops and speaks. His voice is hollow, booming.
