2.30
Page 7
It sits in the center of a flat, open stretch of land covered by white snow. It’s impossible, but the castle is suddenly there, a structure sitting in the center of a cleared section of forest. It was invisible until I made my way through this maze; I could have sworn that only more trees were ahead of me.
But here it is. A castle. The home of the Necromancer, I’ve no doubt. It looms overhead, a black fortress of stone, a lone sentinel in the open landscape filled with snow. There’s something beautiful about it, but I have no time to admire the sights.
“Don’t move, Human.”
I hear the voice a second before a hand grabs me and a shaft of edged steel appears at my throat. Periss roughly drags me back as her soldiers rush out of the forest behind me. Somehow, they managed to follow me through the maze.
“Mage, watch for any magic coming from her and neutralize it.”
Periss is so intent on me she hasn’t even seen the castle. I hold very still as the steel nicks my skin, watching as the other soldiers gasp and stagger backwards from the massive castle. But Periss only has eyes for me. She snaps orders at the other soldiers.
“Someone search her belt and pack! Remove any suspicious items.”
One of the soldiers, a tall Gnoll with a poleaxe hesitates.
“Lady Periss—”
The Drake ignores him. She glares at me.
“We are going to go back to Wall Lord Ilvriss to aid in his battle. Prepare for combat against Zel Shivertail. And I swear to you Human, if you try anything I will slice off both your legs and arms—”
“Lady Periss!”
At last she looks up and freezes. The sword at my throat lowers, but I don’t dare move. Periss slowly lets go of me and takes a step back.
“By all the Ancestors, what…?”
She looks at me, and suddenly the sword is right back at my throat. I raise my hands, but the tip of the sword is literally tickling my larynx.
“What is this place, Human. Where have you taken us?”
I gulp. That actually hurts, as the sword tip pierces my throat..
“This is the place where the dead go.”
“What?”
“It’s the home of a [Necromancer]. Ah, the Necromancer. Az’kerash.”
It’s like I just said I brought them to the gates of hell. The elite soldiers groan aloud, and Periss’ scales go nearly as white as the snow. To her credit, she doesn’t even hesitate.
“Retreat! Now!”
She seizes me and another Drake drags me backwards. I’m practically lifted off my feet as the soldiers rush back towards the forest.
We get fifteen steps in, and then suddenly we’re rushing back out. Periss and her warriors stop in confusion, but I know what’s wrong.
“It’s a maze. You have to follow a path to get out.”
She turns and seizes me with both claws.
“What path!? Tell us how to get out?”
“I don’t know! I’ve only got this, but it points towards the Necromancer, not away!”
I show her the magical stone. Periss looks at it and shakes her head.
“We’re trapped here, then.”
She slowly lets go of me and looks around.
“Soldiers, comrades. It’s been an honor. Say your last words now, if you have them.”
The other Drakes and Gnolls look at Periss, and their weapons lower. They hesitate. Then a Drake begins to murmur, and a Gnoll howls towards the sky. I stare as the others begin speaking quietly, or simply wait, hands on hilts, staring at the castle.
Periss looks at me, all hostility gone.
“I have always loved my Lord. I wish I had the courage to tell him.”
I stare at her, uncomprehending. Periss holds my gaze, and then nods once and turns away.
A goodbye.
I don’t get it. I don’t understand. And in truth, I never have.
