2.31
Page 15
“Hell isn’t a place. I mean, not a place on earth. Not in this world. It’s the afterlife. The place where bad people go when they die. We go to hell because we sin. We suffer in life because we sin—that’s what the Bible says, anyways.”
“Bible?”
“The…history of all this, I guess. I mean, the history of the Hebrews and their God.”
“Ah. And heaven?”
How could you describe heaven to someone? Erin closed her eyes. She looked at the ceiling, and did her best.
“Heaven is a place where good people go. It’s a place where there’s no pain, no suffering…everyone’s there. You can see your family, your friends, and everything is happy. Forever. That’s what heaven is, I think.”
When she looked back down, Halrac and Pawn were staring at her.
“What? Don’t you believe in life after death?”
Halrac shook his head slowly.
“When I was a lad, I was taught that we’d come back to life after we died. It depended on our class and our level—the higher level we were, the better life we’d have. If we didn’t do much and died with low levels, we’d come back as animals, or worse, monsters. But that’s all.”
“And you, Pawn?”
He was silent for a few minutes.
“The Antinium know of nothing after death. But we do know of death. When an Antinium dies, their memory remains in the Hive. But of the Antinium themselves…nothing. Only a few are kept to return to the Hive in times of need. Klbkch is one such. But even they fade. And in time, all Antinium will die. And after that…”
He looked at Erin.
“They cease to be. That is what happens after the Antinium die.”
She stared at him.
“That’s…not what some Humans believe. They think everyone can go to heaven, if they believe.”
“Everyone? Even an Antinium?”
“I guess so. But let me finish my story. You see, God was sad because we were all sinning—doing bad things. So he sent his son to die for our sakes. Because if he did, all our sins would be forgiven.”
Halrac eyed Erin.
“Like some kind of blood ritual? Magic?”
“No. Redemption. No magic, no ritual. Just forgiveness. It would be a second chance for all of us.”
“A second chance. To do what?”
Erin paused.
“Anything.”
And Pawn looked at her, silently, with the same grave emotionless expression that all the Antinium shared. But there was a spark in his dark eyes, a glimmer of something.
Hope.
So Erin took a deep breath, and reached back. She reached back to childhood, to youth, to innocence and faith. And she told them stories. She told them of a son who died upon a cross to save the world, of a God who created everything and gave law to the lawless. She told the listening adventurer and Antinium parables, stories, and tales of miracles and deliverance.
At some point Olesm knocked his chair over across the room and ran out the door with Ceria and Zevara in hot pursuit. But no one paid any attention. Erin told stories to the listening man, full of skepticism and bitterness, and to the Antinium, lost, afraid, and alone.
And they listened. It was not an [Immortal Moment]. There was nothing immortal in the way Erin would backtrack, or make mistakes or get up and serve another round of drinks. Perhaps because she did not believe.
But there was something there. Something which captured the heart and made Pawn listen, and Halrac stay. And it continued into the night, whispering to the three.
Stories.
Faith.
Religion.
 
—-
 
The inn was quiet when Erin finally locked her door and her last guest vanished into the snowy night. Olesm had fled long ago and not come back, and neither had Ceria or Zevara. But Halrac and Pawn had stayed until past midnight, listening to Erin.
