2.31
Page 10
“—And I don’t mind teaching new players either. I like chess. Anyone who likes chess is welcome to play me, anytime, anywhere! Well, not anywhere, but most of the time I’m up for a game!”
Olesm blinked at Erin, but as her glare transitioned into a smile, he managed one too.
“I’m sorry, Erin. You’re right. I don’t know what I was thinking—of course I’d love to play.”
“Good. In that case I’ll play you and Pawn at the same time. I love to play a dual game. Just let me feed you two first. Hey, do you want to try some pizza?”
“What’s ‘pizza’?”
“It’s—”
“Olesm?”
The Drake’s head turned. His eyes widened, and Erin blinked in surprise.
“Zevara? What are you doing here?”
The Captain of the Watch and tall Drake with an attitude and flame for breath walked slowly into the inn. She nodded awkwardly at Erin.
“Human. Is your inn open at the moment?”
“What? Oh, yeah, yeah, it is! Um, do you want to eat here? Or drink something?”
Erin hesitated. She’d never seen Zevara in a non-shouting context, and she was totally off-guard. But the Drake Captain looked at Olesm and looked almost as unsure as Erin.
“I suppose I could have something. I uh, just came by because I’m off-duty and I saw you walking this way, Olesm. Do you mind if I join you?”
“Me? Uh—”
Olesm glanced at Ceria for some reason. The half-Elf shrugged, again for reasons Erin couldn’t understand, and Zevara looked at her.
“Springwalker.”
“Zevara. I’m sure Olesm wouldn’t mind if we shared a table, would he?”
“What, me? No, no…I just thought I’d play a game of chess…”
“We can do that later. You should talk, Olesm!”
Erin beamed and the Drake sagged as the two women sat next to him. Pawn politely offered his chair to Ceria and the half-Elf took a seat on Olesm’s left while Zevara took a seat on his right.
Now that she had multiple guests, Erin remembered Lyon and looked around for her. But the newly leveled [Barmaid] was nowhere to be seen.
“Every time I need someone to serve drinks and food…it’s not even that hard! I do all the cooking!”
“I’ll go find her, if you want.”
Olesm stood up, but Erin hurriedly waved him back down.
“She’s probably hiding or something. I’ll get Toren to look after her when he comes back. I’m not sure where he is. No, you sit. I’m sure Olesm would like the company.”
The Drake had the oddest expression on his face. Meanwhile, Ceria started talking quite friendly with Zevara, and the Captain seemed just as polite. Erin smiled; it was good to see both getting along so well, although Olesm was very quiet. Erin bustled around the kitchen, getting food ready while the others talked or sat in silence. There was quite a lot of that, despite the full table.
Olesm must have been hungry, because he looked incredibly relieved when Erin came back with two hot pizzas, one on each glove. Pawn nodded in appreciation, but paused as he glanced at Ceria and Zevara. The two hadn’t even looked at the pizza; they were smiling at each other and laughing, although Erin must have missed the joke.
“I believe I would like to play a game, Erin, if you’re free.”
“Totally! Just holler if you need anything, okay?”
Ceria and Zevara nodded without looking her way. Olesm hesitated, and then slowly pushed back his chair.
“I guess I’ll play—”
“Sit.”
He sat. Erin found a table closer to Halrac and sat at it with Pawn. The [Scout] hadn’t asked for much more than a refill and he nursed his drink quietly while she talked with the Antinium.
