2.31
Page 2
Erin smiled mischievously at Ceria. The half-Elf frowned but reached for the coin.
“Well, thanks anyw—”
Ceria paused and stared hard at the gold coin Erin handed her. Then her eyes slowly travelled over to one of the windows. There, the boxes full of faerie flowers were still blooming, golden and shining in the sunlight. Ceria stared at the gold coin, and then narrowed her eyes at Erin. The Human girl tried to keep her face straight as Ceria peered hard at her.
“A gold coin, huh? Well, I’m happy to accept one. Let me just—”
Ceria raised the coin up and tried to bend it with both fingers. She frowned.
“Huh.”
The half-Elf hesitated, and eyed Erin’s twitching face. Slowly, she raised it to her mouth and bit the gold coin. She eyed the faint marks her teeth had left in the soft gold.
“It tastes like gold, but—Erin. Is this an illusion or not?”
“It’s fake! Isn’t it so cool?”
Erin pointed to the flowers.
“I just figured out how to make them turn into coins like the faeries did! See, if I pluck it and say ‘gold’—”
Erin carefully broke a flower off by the stem and Ceria blinked. Suddenly, Erin was holding a second gold coin in her hand.
“That’s incredible, Erin. I didn’t even sense any magic. And these coins feel like gold—real gold too, not the partially gold coins we use.”
She frowned at the coin in her hand and hefted it slightly.
“It weighs the same, feels the same, tastes and smells…rot, that’s good magic. Can you transform the flowers into anything else?”
Erin shook her head.
“It doesn’t seem to work with other things, really. But the coin feels real for an entire day. Then it turns back into a flower in the morning.”
Ceria eyed the bed of flowers speculatively. The blooms were growing quite fast even in the winter, and already Erin had seen a few more shoots poking their head out of the soil.
“Looks like that faerie prank is more useful than it seems. Are you planning on doing anything with the flowers?”
Erin looked at her friend blankly.
“Like what?”
“Oh, I don’t know…use them to buy something nice, perhaps?”
Ceria rolled the gold coin between her fingers. Erin frowned.
“Why would I do that? I mean, they’d find out and it’d be stealing, right?”
Ceria coughed into one hand.
“I know a few Human shopkeepers that—rot, never mind. You’re too nice.”
Erin laughed. Ceria tossed the coin back on the table and folded her arms.
“But seriously, Erin. Those flowers might be useful, but your new recipes are just as valuable. Be careful about letting people run off with them, okay?”
Erin nodded meekly. She chatted with Ceria for a bit longer before the half-Elf trooped upstairs to rest and practice some spells. Erin sighed as she went back into the kitchen. She put the gold coin on a counter next to her silver ones and sighed twice as she stared at the empty pan.
Another day up, another day down. It wasn’t as if it had been a particularly bad one so far, it was just that Erin felt like she was missing something. Someone, perhaps. She wondered where Ryoka was. She missed being able to talk to her.
And as for the recipe…
Shaking her head, Erin flipped the coin into the air and caught it. It really was amazing. But it wasn’t useful. She plonked the coin back onto the counter. After a minute, she mumbled into the silence.
“Besides, I probably wouldn’t get away with it…”
 
—-
 
Halrac was in a foul mood, and he didn’t bother trying to hide it. Not that that was particularly surprising to his teammates—the [Scout] was usually grumpy at the best times.
