2.31
Page 9
“Oh, so Halrac was seeing what he wanted to? He said a name—I think it was a girl’s…”
Ceria shrugged.
“I don’t know, but it’s rare for him to lose his cool.”
“Wait a second. You know Halrac? You never said!”
“Know him? Hah! Only by reputation. He’s a veteran Gold-rank adventurer, Erin. He founded Griffon Hunt with Ulrien nearly a decade ago, and he’s famous for never panicking or breaking under stress. That drink of yours must be powerful stuff if it got him.”
Erin frowned at the drink as her hands mechanically slapped a burger together.
“I didn’t mean to do anything bad. I just listened to my Skill.”
“That’s not always the wisest move. In any case, I don’t think what you did was wrong. If anything, I think he’ll pay in gold if you give him more of that stuff.”
“Maybe.”
Erin didn’t know. But she took the hamburger out to Halrac, who accepted it and a non-magical drink with a grunt. Ceria and Erin had a meal of another hamburger—Erin was too rattled to make a pizza at the moment—on the other side of the inn.
After about an hour of talk—during which Halrac just ate his food and stared at his arms and hands as if he were still in that trance—the door to the inn opened and two more familiar guests walked in.
“Good evening, Erin.”
Pawn nodded to Erin as she turned and beamed at him, and a familiar Drake poked his head in as well.
“Oh, uh, hi Erin! Fancy meeting you here!”
Ceria snorted as Olesm edged his way in behind Pawn. Halrac had frozen in his seat, but Erin welcomed both Drake and Antinium in, seating them in the center of the room.
“Pawn! Olesm! I haven’t seen either of you two for ages! Why haven’t you stopped by?”
Pawn nodded his head while Olesm stared over Erin’s shoulder.
“I am sorry, but I was busy within our Hive, attempting to make more Individuals. And until recently, I was being interviewed by Klbkch, Ksmvr, and the Queen.”
“Whoa. That’s big stuff!”
“It is indeed. Olesm was with me until I suggested we eat here for the night.”
Erin looked at Olesm, and the Drake scratched at his head spines and looked the other way.
“I didn’t know you were in the Hive! That’s cool—are you teaching the Antinium? And why haven’t you come by earlier? You know I’m always up for a game of chess!”
Olesm waffled as he avoided looking straight at Erin.
“You know how it is, Erin.”
“No I don’t.”
He faltered, looking over at Ceria for support. The half-Elf just rolled her eyes as she bit into her second hamburger.
“Well, it’s just that I wanted to try playing other players and the Antinium are always willing to play—and even pay me for their time! And I know you’re busy and I wouldn’t want to take away from…”
His eyes flicked left, and Erin looked over and saw her magical chessboard, the pieces sitting ghostly and transparent on the wood. She’d left a game unfinished with her mystery opponent, as he’d had to stop for some reason. Erin frowned in confusion, and then glared at Olesm.
“Now wait just one minute, Olesm. Even if I play someone else, I’m happy to play you! Even if you’re not as good as he is yet, you’re still a great player!”
The Drake shook his head.
“I know how good I am Erin, and after that game with him—I wouldn’t want to hold you back, really.”
“Hey!”
Erin seized Olesm and glared at the surprised Drake.
“How good you are shouldn’t have anything to do with being allowed to play the game. Anyone can play chess, and you should play me as much as you want! That’s the only way you’re going to get better and—”
She glared at Pawn who shrank back in his seat.
