2.31
Page 11
Erin arranged the chess board as Pawn sat in his chair, chewing quietly on a piece of pizza. She wasn’t sure if he liked it, but she hadn’t found any more bugs for the Antinium to eat, so she just prayed it was edible for them.
“Okay, would you like to be black or white, Pawn?”
“I shall choose white, if it is acceptable to you, Erin.”
She nodded happily, and Pawn studied the board for a minute before moving a pawn up to D4. Erin immediately moved a pawn up to D5, and Pawn moved a second pawn up to C5, initiating the Queen’s Gambit.
Erin immediately pushed a second pawn into Slav Defense, C6, and there the game paused for a moment. Pawn studied the board, and then, unusually, looked up at Erin.
Normally the Antinium was concentrated totally on the game, so this change made Erin stop pondering chess strategy for a moment and look at him.
“Something wrong, Pawn? Is the pizza no good?”
“The pizza is perfectly fine, Erin. But I have something I wish to talk to you about.”
Erin frowned.
“Oh? What’s that?”
Pawn placed a hand over a chess piece and hesitated. He looked directly at Erin again, and she started to sense that he hadn’t come to her inn to play chess after all.
“I came here to ask for your advice, Erin.”
Pawn lowered his voice as Olesm began trying to teach both Zevara and Ceria the game of chess. Erin stared at the Antinium, concerned.
“Why? What happened? I mean, is something wrong?”
“Nothing—well, I suppose that is not accurate. Today I was summoned before my Queen, as I said. I, along with four other Antinium, the four that became individual.”
“Oh.”
That sounded big, to Erin. She still didn’t quite understand why individuals were so important to the Antinium, but she’d gotten a vague idea of Pawn’s new significance. He nodded to her as he slowly moved a piece forwards.
“Yes. She called us and asked us questions about our nature. She…analyzed us for what we might be, what we might achieve.”
Erin stared at the board. Pawn had moved a pawn forwards again—only it was a terrible move. C4-C5? That was Bad Slav. She’d taught him to avoid that. Erin looked at Pawn in confusion and for the first time noticed that something was different about Pawn today.
He looked…smaller. The Antinium sat hunched over in his seat, and Erin realized he looked much like she’d first seen him. That was to say, like a normal Worker, meek, inconspicuous, unnoticed.
“Pawn?”
What had happened? What had his Queen said to him—done to him? Erin remembered Ksmvr, but Pawn didn’t look hurt. He just looked…
Helpless.
Erin looked at the board, and then abandoned her game. She looked at Pawn, seriously.
“What happened? What did she do to you?”
He shook his head slowly.
“Questions. That is all she asked of us. Questions.”
“What kind of questions?”
Questions could be bad and hurtful. But Pawn only raised one hand, palm up, helplessly.
“Questions we could not answer. Erin. She asked us what being individual meant. How it happened. We could not answer. And she asked more questions—what will we become? What classes can we take? How can we serve the hive?”
He shook his head.
“She asked if I would lead Soldiers to battle. Me. Because I have gained a class from playing chess and am highest-level besides Klbkch. But me?”
Erin looked at Pawn. She couldn’t imagine him fighting like Klbkch or Ksmvr. An image flashed in her mind. A memory. She saw a Worker, flailing at Goblins, fighting like a child as they stabbed him—
Pawn continued to speak, haltingly. His voice was strained with an emotion she’d never heard from an Antinium before.
