2.31
Page 3
But right now he was sitting in an inn, and contrary to most people’s preferences, Halrac preferred to be outdoors sitting in the rain or sloughing through mud than indoors. Part of that was because of the company he had to share.
Gold-rank parties were often highly selective as to the people they recruited. New adventurers went through a thorough vetting process, but even the best parties usually had their moments of friction.
In this case, friction was a daily state of being between Halrac, Revi, and Typhenous. Ulrien was their silent leader and usually didn’t get into their arguments, but Halrac made no effort to hide his feelings about his new teammates, and Revi and Typhenous were typical mages through and through.
“Calm down, Halrac.”
Ulrien said it, but Halrac had been adventuring longer than his Captain, and he’d known Ulrien back when the other man had been a Bronze-rank adventurer. Halrac glared at his Captain and moderated his tone only slightly.
“I’m telling you, we shouldn’t be here! It’s a waste of coin, especially if all we do is sit on our asses!”
Revi frowned at Halrac and Typhenous barely looked up from his spellbook. But he spoke in a bored voice.
“We don’t have much to do but sit while we look for someone to dig out those ruins. I don’t see what the problem is, Halrac.”
The [Scout] gritted his teeth.
“The problem is that we’re not doing anything while other adventurers could be getting the drop on us!”
He pointed out of their private room. Griffon Hunt had been seated in this expensive side room in the inn, ostensibly as a mark of respect for their rank and the amount of gold they were paying the innkeeper—but also he suspected, to keep them out of the sight of the regular clientele of Drakes.
“That damn Drake seems to delight in serving us all the local recipes. With what we’re paying him, we should be eating whatever we want.”
Revi raised her eyebrows.
“Then tell him to make your local specialty or whatever, Halrac. But stop grouching because we can’t find anyone to dig.”
“How are there no [Miners] in this entire damn city?”
“There are. But they’re all Antinium. If we hire them—”
Typhenous broke off as Ulrien shook his head and Halrac growled.
“I’m not working with those monsters. Besides, the Halfseekers have tried and had no luck.”
“Well then, until we either decide to call out some people from Esthelm or pick up a spade ourselves, I think we’re stuck here. Come on, sit back and have a pint.”
Halrac shook his head and stood up.
“I’ve had enough of sitting in that inn waiting for something to happen. I’m going to look for some [Diggers] or [Miners] again. I’ll be back tonight or tomorrow.”
None of his comrades stopped him. Ulrien went back to reading, Typhenous did likewise, and Revi made another attempt at downing the bottle of wine she’d bought. Halrac shook his head as he stomped out of the inn, completely ignoring the Drake innkeeper who halfheartedly tried to persuade him to sit and have a drink.
Halrac walked through the streets, avoiding the crowds and trying to find his way through the unfamiliar territory. That was another thing. He was a [Scout]; he could fight in cities, but it didn’t mean he enjoyed trying to find his way through streets where everything was written in the Drake’s language and incomprehensible to him.
He scowled as he passed by a group of laughing Drakes. They fell silent as he walked past, which only caused Halrac’s scowl to deepen.
