2.31
Page 16
The adventurer had gone first, with generous tips for Erin multiplied several times over the normal rate. He’d ignored all her protests, and insisted on it.
Halrac had left after filling his water flask to the brim with Erin’s faerie-flower drink, but he’d walked back towards Liscor without touching it. Instead, he’d stared up at the sky as the Gold-rank adventurer slowly walked back through the snow.
Pawn looked up too as he made his way back towards the city. He saw only stars and the twin moons overhead. Nothing he hadn’t seen a hundred times before.
But…how many times had Pawn actually looked up at the sky? When he thought about it, it was more than likely he’d looked up less than a hundred times. And he had never paid attention to the shining stars. They had simply been objects, irrelevant parts of his world.
But now Pawn looked up and wondered what lay beyond the stars in the sky. He looked up and wondered if out there, somewhere, there was a place where he could go. A place for the lost like him. A place to be saved.
As he looked up, Pawn felt something in his chest. It was desire, a yearning that came so strongly that the Antinium shuddered. He had never felt such a want in his life, but how it came over him, a fierce desire for something he didn’t have.
Sin. Hell. Slavery. Betrayal.
Erin’s stories stuck in the Antinium’s mind, whispering to him, speaking into his heart.
Redemption, salvation, rebirth. Resurrection. The forgiveness of sins.
His only son.
And—
“Heaven.”
It was just for a second. It was only a hope, the small desire of one who had never known he wanted it. But for one moment, Pawn wished it were all true. And in that moment, he believed.
And as he looked up, the Antinium heard the whisper. It came out of his heart, and then Pawn heard the voice in his mind.
 
[Acolyte Class Obtained!]
[Acolyte Level 1!]
[Skill – Prayer Obtained!]
 
It struck the Antinium from above, and he fell to his knees, in the snow and the night. He stared up, and knew.
The night sky hung overhead, silent, distant, but no longer simply the sky. Now there was something behind it. Something made of dreams and hope and belief, but something nevertheless. Pawn believed, and he hoped, and that was enough. It was enough to dream of salvation.
And then there were Gods. Or at least, one.
 

