2.31
Page 1
The first Drake nodded as he licked his claws.
“Cheese and sauce base—the meat is good, but I can see sliced fish being equally appealing. I’ll do a few prototypes.”
“Prototypes?”
All three Drakes froze and looked over at Erin. The second one gave her an unconvincing smile.
“W-well, we were just saying what an extraordinary recipe it is.”
“Oh. Um. Thanks? Are you some kind of [Cooks]?”
The third Drake nodded. He stood and extended a claw to Erin. She shook it, still not quite sure what was going on.
“Terres Hangclaw, at your service. I’m a [Chef] at the Dancing Drake in Liscor.”
“Oh, it’s very nice to—”
Erin paused as her mind caught up with what he’d said. She frowned at the third Drake, who cringed as the other two glared at him.
“Wait a second, what was that? You’re a [Chef]? Why are you here to—”
One of the Drakes hurriedly tossed down several silver coins on the table. His two companions rose and they gathered up the slices of pizza and retreated towards the door.
“Much appreciated Miss Human. But we’ve got to go. Don’t worry about the change!”
They practically dashed out of the inn with the rest of the pizza. Erin watched them go, mouth gaping.
“I’ve just been plagiarized! Again!”
She stared at the table, at her coins, and at the open door. She felt she should be upset, but they’d left a lot of money for one pizza. But they’d taken the recipe! …Which wasn’t hers. But it was still theft!
The door began to swing closed, but someone caught it. Ceria walked in, staring over her shoulder suspiciously.
“…Did I just see three Drakes running away with a bunch of food in their arms?”
“It’s called ‘pizza’ and they just stole my recipe.”
Ceria blinked at Erin. It was hard for the girl to explain, but the half-Elf got the gist of what had happened after only a few seconds.
“Ah, recipe thieves. It happens. The instant someone makes something worth eating, there’s always a huge race for other famous [Chefs] and [Cooks] to find out how it was made and improve on the recipe. I suppose it’s a sign of how well those hamburgers did that they were sticking around for you to come up with something else.”
“Yeah, but—!”
Erin gestured helplessly at the door as Ceria helped her gather all the silver coins. Ceria glanced out the door—the Drakes hadn’t yet made it to the city gates. They weren’t exactly fast on their feet, especially as they tried not to drop the pizza slices.
“Want me to hit them with a spell? I’ve got a pretty good aim.”
“No, no. I just wish I’d had a day to sell my food before it got taken away. I guess they’re going to earn a lot of money tonight.”
Ceria patted Erin sympathetically on the shoulder.
“If it helps, I think people will know where the food came from. Next time, you should only bring out the new stuff when it’s dinnertime. That way you’ll get at least one big crowd.”
Erin sighed, and Ceria offered her the handful of silver.
“Don’t worry about it. It’s not like they’re your only customers.”
It was true. Erin had been happy with her increase in clientele, but they still weren’t exactly the crowds that she’d seen in Peslas’ inn.
“I guess.”
She took the silver coins, and then hesitated. Erin looked over at Ceria and smiled, forgetting about her stolen pizza recipe for just one second. She’d been looking forward to this all day.
“Say, Ceria, I’m running low on silver. Can you exchange a gold coin for me?”
“No problem.”
Ceria reached for her pouch, and blinked as Erin handed her a shiny gold coin.
“That was quick. You shouldn’t keep your gold lying out.”
“Oh, I had one lying around.”
