2.31
Page 14
“Yeah, you could say that. He was someone who saved his people. Actually, he saved the Hebrew just like Moses, just after a long time had passed. And he was the son of God! Well, depending on who you ask.”
Pawn stared at Erin. Across the room Halrac’s head slowly lifted and he looked over at Erin. He raised his voice and both Antinium and innkeeper looked over.
“The gods are dead. Everyone knows that. But I’ve never heard of a descendant of gods.”
“I uh, well, everyone says it where I come from.”
Erin realized she was on the edge of what Ryoka had warned her about. But it was too late to go back.
“We have gods. Or one god. There are more, but the one I was told about when I was young—I mean, people just call him…God. Or it God. Her God. It’s hard to explain.”
Halrac eyed Erin dubiously, but he actually moved his chair closer.
“Explain that. I’ve always known the gods are dead. Always. And I’ve never heard of one just called…God.”
Explain Christianity? Erin wasn’t sure. But now Pawn was looking at her too, and he’d stopped shaking. So she took a breath and tried.
“Well, they say he—I mean, God—created the earth and everything in it in seven days and did all this stuff. You know, god stuff. He cast out Humans from paradise because we were sinful, and pretty much uh, let the world work for a long time. But his people, his chosen people I mean, he always watched over. That story of Moses—that was one example of how God chose his prophets and messengers to help save them.”
“After they became slaves.”
Halrac snorted decisively.
“Some God.”
Erin had nothing to say to that. But she felt like she owed the religion a tiny bit of defense.
“Well, he did save them eventually. I think it was sort of like a punishment for something. Maybe. Anyways, later he sent his only son to die for our sakes.”
“Our sakes? His son? I do not understand.”
Pawn looked at Erin while Halrac grunted again. And Erin—
Hesitated.
The story of Jesus was on her lips. It wasn’t what Pawn wanted – it wasn’t the story that could help him figure out who the Antinium were. But it was a good story.
Perhaps it was only a story. Maybe it wasn’t. Erin didn’t know.
She didn’t believe. Not anymore. But she’d heard the same stories over and over, and she could repeat them to her listeners.
“Just listen, okay? It gets complicated, but I guess one day, long after Moses had saved the Hebrews, they were suffering in another land. This time under the Romans. And God knew they were in trouble, but he was sort of looking at the entire world, you know? And everywhere he looked he saw sin. So he decided to do something about it. So he looked for good people—Mary of Nazareth and her husband, Joseph of Nazareth, and chose them to raise his son who he would send down from heaven…”
“Heaven?”
Pawn interrupted Erin. He looked at her intently.
“What is ‘heaven’? I know of hell, but I have never heard of heaven.”
Erin wavered.
“Wait a second. How can you know of hell and not heaven? What’s hell over here?”
Halrac was the one to answer. He fiddled with his mug.
“Hell is where the Demons come from. In Rhir—there is a place where no army has returned. That is what people call hell. Is that what you mean?”
Erin frowned.
“No…hell is more like—well, it’s a place you go when you die, not a location.”
Pawn and Halrac both looked at each other, and then away. Halrac scowled. Erin shook her head.
