2.32 H
Page 15
And then it was really over. The last Goblins fled, and Ceria turned and saw a trail of dead Goblins leading up to a pile of them where Halrac had been. The [Scout] was advancing towards the village, bow raised, picking off fleeing Goblins with careful shots.
And the Watch—
A group of them came running into the village, led by Zevara. She halted when she saw the other Goblins had fallen, and eyed Ceria and the other adventurers oddly.
“You took care of them all?”
“Mostly. Halrac got the majority.”
Ceria pointed, and the [Scout] shrugged and grunted. It was true; over half of the dead Goblins in the village had been killed by arrow, and the leader of the Goblins was slumped in the snow, three arrows protruding from the eye slits in his helmet.
“Good work.”
Zevara said it oddly, as if she wasn’t used to having adventurers assist the Watch. From what Ceria knew of Drakes, that might actually be the case; the local militias often did more work than adventurers in the south.
“How did it go with the others?”
The Drake hesitated, and then grimaced.
“We lost a few good soldiers, but only a few. Those damn Goblins fought well, almost as if they’d been trained. They didn’t break until the last.”
“And the Hobs. There were a lot of them for a raiding party.”
“Yes. There were.”
Ceria and Zevara exchanged a look, and then the truce or whatever had passed between them ended. Ceria coughed.
“I’d like to claim partial salvage rights on the dead, unless you object?”
“Partial salvage…? You mean loot them?”
“It’s an adventuring thing. We helped, so we’d like to collect items and equipment.”
Zevara shook her head, but waved a claw.
“Go ahead. Do whatever you want. I’ll have my men strip and burn the rest later.”
Ceria nodded. She turned to Halrac. The [Scout] hadn’t even spoke to Zevara. He was going from body to body, collecting arrows he could reuse.
“Halrac? Thanks for covering for us out there. We’re requesting salvage rights. Do you want…?”
He shook his head and grunted.
“Go ahead. Nothing I need.”
Custom dictated that the adventurer who was highest in rank, or level, or who’d done the most work got first pick. But Ceria had doubted a Gold-rank adventurer would waste his time with that anyways; she was vaguely surprised he was even recovering arrows.
She walked back to the rest of her party—and it was a party now—exhausted. Pisces was sitting on the snow, and Yvlon was talking to a Drake—an older woman who had tears in her eyes.
“Don’t know how we can thank—”
“It’s nothing. Please, it’s our job. Are there any wounded?”
“The Watch has potions. But thank you! If it weren’t for you and that other Human—”
It was odd. Sometimes it was like this after a battle, but usually it wasn’t. Ceria couldn’t remember the last time the Horns of Hammerad had intervened to save a village, but then, they often got requests and seldom saw a monster attacking out of the blue.
Usually, adventurers took their pay and left, often having to wrangle it out of the suddenly not-so-grateful head chief or council of villagers. But the Drakes here were amazingly grateful, and Ceria found she and the others were the target of praise and adoration.
“It’s nothing, really. Pisces, we’ve got permission to check the dead. Do you have any mana…?”
“[Detect Magic]. There, there, and…the Hobs.”
He pointed. Ceria excused herself from the mob to walk over to the bodies Pisces had identified.
“Ah, this one was the Goblin [Shaman]. Looks like a wand of some kind and this feather amulet.”
“Careful. You never know what types of enchantments—”
“I’m not an amateur, Pisces.”
