2.32 H
Page 8
“Oh. Right. Well, I don’t have any more acid, but you could get some of that boom bark.”
“Boom bark?”
“Krakk trees.”
“Ah.”
“Aside from the fact that I’d prefer not to carry around an unstable explosive like that…I checked. Looks like someone cleared out the entire forest.”
“Weird. Huh. But I don’t have anything else. I’m sorry.”
“Hmm.”
Ceria shook her head. Erin hesitated.
“I know you guys are going to adventure again. You know, if you need help that bad, I could lend you Toren…”
Ceria looked over at the skeleton. She thought for one second and then shook her head.
“No.”
“I also must refuse.”
Yvlon looked at Toren as the skeleton walked across the inn, shepherding Lyon by poking her repeatedly in the back. Pisces just shrugged.
“He is quite competent, but I will abide by the majority vote. Unless your objection is because you doubt my abilities as a [Necromancer], Springwalker?”
Ceria shook her head and sighed.
“Unless you’ve created one of your freakish leveling undead that you keep saying is possible, forget it. Even a regenerating skeleton won’t be that useful when we fight something like a Rock Crab.”
Pisces sniffed.
“No need to mock. Toren is a perfectly capable construct. Very well though. If not him, then who?”
Erin thought.
“Ryoka?”
“Hah!”
Ceria laughed out loud and even Yvlon smiled. Erin looked confused.
“Why? What’s wrong with her?”
“Frankly, Erin, even Pisces is a better choice than Ryoka.”
“Thank you for that.”
Yvlon nodded.
“Capable though she may be, she has no levels and her skills at fighting aren’t adequate for killing monsters. No.”
“Then how about me?”
This time Erin was the one who jumped. She looked around at blinked.
“Olesm? When did you get here?”
“Just now. I uh, was dodging Zevara but I knew you were going to discuss this today. Ceria mentioned it.”
The Drake looked proud as he took a seat at the table. Erin went back into her kitchen for more pancakes and Ceria covered her face with a palm as Pisces and Yvlon glanced at her expressionlessly.
“I mentioned that? When?”
“Last night. I…want to join your group.”
Pisces raised an eyebrow as he took a drink. Yvlon was silent, but Ceria could read the mood. She sighed. This was hard.
“Olesm—”
The Drake looked around the table, and he raised his voice slightly.
“[Tacticians] are very useful! Didn’t I prove my worth down in the crypts?”
“You did. I’m not saying you’re not useful. You can save lives. It’s just—”
“The class of [Tactician] is quite useless in small groups. Your skills are best used to aid large formations, not individuals. Unless you have adequate combat skill, you are relatively useless.”
Pisces delivered the explanation flatly while looking away from Olesm. The Drake stared at the Human.
“I want to become stronger.”
“Then by all means, join an army or play games of chess. But I would vote against your inclusion into any adventuring team.”
Yvlon sighed. She didn’t look too kindly at Olesm, but she nodded.
“So would I. I’m sorry Olesm, but Pisces is right. Rude, but right.”
“Ceria?”
She couldn’t meet his gaze.
“I—you’ve got your job, Olesm. This is what I do for a living, but you—I’m sorry.”
Olesm looked hurt and angry. Ceria’s heart hurt. Without a word, he stood up.
“Hey Olesm! I’ve got pancakes! Well, some are more like crepes, but—”
Erin paused as the Drake turned and strode out of the inn without another word. The innkeeper looked at the table, confused.
“What happened?”
“It’s nothing. We just…Olesm can’t be an adventurer. He took it hard.”
“Oh.”
