2.32 H
Page 9
Erin paused, and then set the pancakes on the table. Pisces grabbed another one, and Ceria sighed. The silence lengthened.
And then the door opened again.
Ceria looked up hopefully, expecting to see Olesm coming back. She could apologize—
But it wasn’t Olesm. It was an Antinium who walked in, but one Ceria only vaguely remembered. It wasn’t the one called Pawn, or the one called Klbkch. Erin recognized him. She gasped.
“Ksmvr? What happened?”
The Antinium was wounded. He stumbled into the inn, bleeding green. Ceria half-rose from her table, the spell for [Ice Spike] coming to her mind as Yvlon did likewise and Pisces shoveled down his pancake. Halrac had turned in his seat, and the party of Drakes and one Human had frozen.
Ksmvr didn’t appear to hear Erin at first. He stumbled a few more steps into the room, pausing as she rushed over to him. Toren was at her side, but the skeleton was clutching the sword hilt at his waist.
“You’re hurt!”
Ksmvr nodded. He had several deep cuts in his exoskeleton, but the worst of his injuries was his arms. One of them was missing. His lower right arm was a jagged stump of exoskeleton. It had been patched with some kind of grey goo, but traces of green still seeped around the bandage.
“I have been…relieved of my duties.”
He wavered, and nearly collapsed into the chair as Erin rushed him to a table near the three adventurers. Ceria and the others turned back to their meal, but everyone was listening as Erin and Ksmvr spoke.
“What happened? Did something attack you?”
Ksmvr half-nodded and shook his head as Erin snapped for water and cloth. A shrinking Lyonette brought the items to another table and Erin began making a messy tourniquet.
“I am no longer the Prognugator for my Hive. Or rather…I am, but I am no longer required to fulfill my duties.”
The Antinium said the words dully as Erin fussed over his injures. She looked at him with genuine concern in her eyes. Ceria had trouble doing the same; despite his wounds and the Antinium she had met, she still had a hard time forgetting what they had done. By the looks on Halrac’s and Yvlon’s faces, they felt much the same.
“What? So there’s no Prognugator? But I thought that was important.”
“Revalantor Klbkch will fulfill my duties in the interim. He…is far more qualified than I.”
“But what did you do? What happened?”
“I failed to hold the line.”
Ksmvr said nothing more as Erin bandaged him and offered him food – raw meat and fish, the things Antinium could digest. Ceria eyed his injuries. It looked like he’d been in combat from the wounds, but something was missing. What was it?
His weapons. Yes.
He was missing his two swords and daggers. Without them, Ksmvr looked naked and smaller.
“Looks like the Antinium have their own battles. Intriguing.”
Pisces didn’t even bother to lower his voice. Ceria glanced at him in irritation, but the mage was studying Ksmvr with interest. The Antinium was nodding as Erin hovered around him, asking if there was anything he needed.
“I am fine. I am…fine. I have no purpose. I came here to…to…”
Ksmvr looked at Halrac.
“My Queen will begin negotiations for the immediate excavation of the ruins. The entrance is known to the Antinium. There are many…many monsters guarding it.”
Halrac hesitated. He frowned at the Antinium, but eyed Erin and just nodded.
“We might talk.”
“Good. That is good.”
Ksmvr sat in his chair, head bowed. Ceria tried to talk more with Yvlon and Pisces, but her attention was totally on the conversation the two were having.
“So, uh, first missions? Where should we go first?”
Yvlon shrugged.
