2.32 H
Page 5
Ceria smiled at him, although privately she considered that it would be rare for a single Silver-rank team to try that alone. The Horns of Hammerad would have stocked up heavily and maybe even teamed up with another team or a few independent adventurers before trying that.
The Human mage swallowed and looked thoughtful.
“Ah, well, perhaps you have a point. But increasing the numbers is by no means a guarantee of success. Smaller parties do better, they have less loot to split, and they can perform the same task as a larger group if they have the prerequisite levels.”
“That’s a bold statement to make.”
Yvlon looked at Pisces skeptically, but he only sniffed.
“Not at all. I attended a class in Wistram which looked into adventuring trends among other things. Smaller groups of higher leveled warriors are better than a large group. Why do you think most Gold-rank teams are comprised of six adventurers or less?”
Yvlon opened her mouth, and fell silent. Ceria sighed.
“Assuming you have a point, I still say the optimal number of people is four. We need another party member. Someone who doesn’t rely on magic, preferably.”
Pisces shrugged.
“You may be right. But who—”
He broke off as Erin bustled over, this time carrying several mugs. She beamed at the table, or rather, at Ceria and Yvlon.
“Hey, it’s great to see you all! Here’s water, Pisces. Do you want something stronger, Ceria, Yvlon?”
“I’m fine, Erin.”
“I as well. Thank you, Miss Solstice.”
“Oh, call me Erin. Just call if you need anything, okay?”
Erin smiled at Yvlon. Then she looked towards the stairwell and her tone altered.
“Lyon, I told you that you can have one break. One. And not for an entire hour!”
She bustled off. Pisces glumly looked at his hot water but drank it anyways.
“As I was saying, very well, a fourth member – assuming they are able-bodied and sound of mind – may be useful. But unless I miss my guess, aren’t we in more dire need of arms and supplies?”
Both of the other women nodded reluctantly. Yvlon tapped the table with one finger.
“That’s a serious concern. We might have the levels, but I’ve never gone on a mission without healing potions, and I don’t have the coin to buy even a poultice. And Ceria, I know you broke your wand—”
“Not an issue any longer. Turns out I can still cast magic.”
Ceria held up her skeletal hand with a rueful grin. Pisces stared at it with interest.
“Any reduction in magical ability? You were using quite a cheap wand before, but it was attuned to ice-type spells.”
Ceria glared at him.
“Hardly. I can cast at the same level of efficiency—possibly even higher. There’s no latent boost to the mana I can draw on without a wand of course, but I can still cast with the same speed.”
“Fascinating. But of course it would also help with the backlash on direct-contact spells, wouldn’t it? I imagine you wouldn’t have to incorporate the shielding effect when using [Icy Grasp] for instance…”
“That does help with the mana, but I can still freeze my skin. It’s not something I’d recommend freezing your skin off for, but you’d never believe how useful it is to have five digits. You can actually simultaneously cast the [Icy Shard] spell among each finger and the mana cost—”
Yvlon cleared her throat politely as the two mages began to engage in magical discussion. They looked at her, and she politely nodded.
“I’m sure this is important, but if we can stay on focus?”
Ceria looked abashed and even Pisces nodded reluctantly.
“Sorry, Yvlon. You’re right. Well, like I was saying, I can still cast magic.”
“What about you? Ah, Pisces, was it?”
