2.32 H
Page 6
Custom dictated that Yvlon would use Pisces’ last name, but he didn’t seem to notice the invitation to introduce himself fully. He nodded.
“Do not worry yourself. My magic is fully unhindered by my lack of a wand.”
Yvlon looked at Ceria. The half-Elf explained.
“He has a skill. But I worry about equipment, too. I’ve got my robes and they’re enchanted with good magic, but Pisces has no items whatsoever.”
“I could use a robe like yours. Something with defensive enchantments might be nice.”
“And something that resists stains.”
Ceria stared pointedly at Pisces’ dirty robe, and the mage sniffed.
“Very well. Healing potions, mana potions of course, and magical items. How, pray tell, will we pay for that? I have a few silver coins to my name.”
“I’ve got some money from helping Erin with the inn.”
Ceria sighed as she pulled out a very flat money pouch from her belt. She upended it and came up with one gold coin and a few coppers.
“That’s one potion and supplies for a few days, maybe. Not nearly enough. Pisces?”
He stared at her. Ceria stared back.
“Your pouch. Come on.”
“I don’t see why I have to contribute my savings—”
“You’re the one who wanted to join up. We’ll reimburse you.”
“Naturally.”
But even with Pisces’ coins, they only came up to just less than two gold coins. The three adventurers stared at the money.
“Well, if we take a few safe jobs…”
“Risk is not something I enjoy, Springwalker.”
“A loan?”
“Do you want to have to repay one of those merchants?”
“How much do we realistically need?”
“I’d say…fifteen gold coins for a full supply? That would do for a fourth adventurer as well. We’d have potions, one or two magical items…at the bare minimum, probably six gold coins.”
“Wonderful. And we have no mounts, should I mention that detail.”
“That’s limiting, yeah. Jobs around here are scarce with all these new adventurers.”
“What if Springwalker sells her robes? That would more than cover the startup cost?”
“What if I hit you?”
“I see I’ve touched a nerve. Well, you two sort it out. I must occasion to the outhouse.”
Pisces stood up and pushed back his chair as Erin reemerged, holding an overly-frothy mug of beer that she gave to a dismayed Drake. The mage wandered over to the door, turned, paused, and looked back at Yvlon and Ceria.
“Ah, I should mention this fact. I’ve been informed that any raising of the dead using bones of Drakes or Gnolls will not be allowed while I reside in Liscor or the surrounding area. So unless you plan to slay the monster and have me reanimate its corpse, I fear many of my spells will be unavailable to me.”
Ceria didn’t look surprised, but Yvlon frowned. Pisces walked towards the door and left the inn as the two adventurers talked.
“Sorry about Pisces, Yvlon. I told you he was annoying, but words don’t really cover it, do they?”
The blonde-haired woman shrugged.
“I’ve worked with difficult adventurers before. But I’m concerned. You said his main class is [Necromancer]. If he can’t use most of his spells, can he really fight with us?”
“Unless he’s lost his touch, I think he’ll be fine, even without magical items.”
Ceria replied drily as she took a drink of water and grimaced. Hot, boiled water wasn’t exactly her idea of a good drink. Yvlon looked towards the door to make sure Pisces hadn’t returned and lowered her voice.
“Is he any good?”
“Pisces? He’s an excellent mage, as much as I hate to say it.”
“Really?”
Both adventurers jumped. Erin was standing behind them with another plate of pancakes.
“Oops, sorry, sorry! I just overheard…what’s this about Pisces being good at anything?”
