2.32 H
Page 4
The adventurers looked up as Lyon flounced over. They weren’t alone in the inn, but somehow they’d been unlucky enough to have her visit their table. Two seats over, Halrac was sitting at a table, staring at Toren. The skeleton was holding up a menu – a few items on a piece of parchment – and pointing to it.
Lyon was more direct.
“What do you want?”
She stared—glared, really—at the three adventurers. Pisces sniffed, Yvlon politely met Lyonette’s eyes and nodded, and Ceria stared until the girl looked away.
“I will have this pizza dish, a hamburger, the pancakes, a glass of milk and any alcohol on tap—”
“Erin says you can have what she makes. The half-Elf has her food. What about you?”
“Pancakes for me as well, I suppose. Thank you.”
Yvlon watched Lyonette stomp back into the kitchen as Pisces sank back in his chair, sulking. Ceria sighed as she began to cut into her pancakes. Her stomach was already growling happily.
“That’s a charity case if I’ve ever seen one. I don’t know how Erin puts up with her.”
“She reminds me of children of the aristocracy.”
Ceria eyed Yvlon.
“Like you?”
Yvlon shrugged.
“If you want to put it that way, yes. My family isn’t as rich so I never grew up that way, but some of the richer houses…I wonder where she’s from.”
“I don’t particularly care, so long as she brings us food before I starve to death.”
Pisces grumbled as he saw Toren walk over to another table and point to the menu so the startled Drakes and Human could order. It was rare to see other people in Erin’s inn, but she’d been having more and more customers of late. Not many, true, but he supposed she was earning something.
Yvlon had noticed Halrac now. She stared at the [Scout], who looked over at her and then back at his drink, expressionless.
“Is that…?”
“Don’t stare. I think he’s got a Skill that can tell him when he’s being watched. Yeah, that’s Halrac of Griffin Hunt. Apparently he likes this place and Erin serves some kind of drink he loves.”
“Will wonders never cease?”
Yvlon shook her head in amazement as the innkeeper of The Wandering Inn came out herself, balancing a hot pizza on a platter.
“Pizza? Which one of you wants the pepperoni? How about the sliced fish…?”
Pisces raised his hand, but Erin ignored him and went over to her other table of customers. He scowled, but then Lyon was walking towards them, holding a plate full of pancakes awkwardly.
“It’s heavy. Here. Take it.”
She nearly spilled the plate on the table, but Pisces and Ceria both pointed, and the dish stabilized before it could spill its precious cargo. Lyon sniffed.
“There.”
She walked off. Pisces and Yvlon began to eat, and then there was silence for a few minutes. Ceria looked at the two, and after she’d eaten her second pancake she cleared her throat and spoke.
“I’m not sure if it’ll work. That’s all I’m saying.”
Pisces snorted into his meal. Yvlon eyed him with a frown.
“Why wouldn’t it work? You have two mages and a competent warrior. We should be able to deal with any number of monsters.”
“You say that, but you’ve never been an adventurer, Pisces. Yvlon and I have, and we both know that a good team needs more than three people.”
“Safety in numbers? Bah.”
“Silver-ranked adventurers are often called on to clear entire infestations or caves by themselves. You want to fight an entire pack of Carn Wolves with only three people?”
Pisces stopped chewing and eyed Ceria with momentary concern.
“That’s a Silver-rank threat?”
“Surprised?”
