2.32 H
Page 10
“If we can, I’d like to find a good job here, but the odds are slim. We’d have to go either north or south.”
“North.”
Pisces said it firmly.
“I have dealt with Drakes and Gnolls; they don’t trust humans. Given that we are almost all human, or have human heritage, we will find better employment north of here. In Esthelm, perhaps.”
“It’s a long trip, though, and it will take a while to get off the ground. We’d be earning only a few silver for the safer quests, and there’s not even a guarantee of getting a decent-paying one against tough monsters. Either way, it will be a struggle. What do you think, Ceria?”
“Hmm? Yeah…”
Ksmvr was talking to Erin. Ceria’s ears were better than a Human’s, and she could hear him as he spoke in a low voice with her.
“I came here to find you. You gave Pawn purpose and Klbkch thinks highly of you. I…don’t know what to do. I am a failure.”
“Don’t say that! You’re got tons of skills! Like…chopping things off. I mean, you can fight, right?”
“Revalantor Klbkch is by far my superior, despite his reduced levels. I am worthless. I cannot—”
“Springwalker? Are you even listening?”
Ceria looked around.
“What?”
Pisces gave her a pained look.
“Money. Where will we find it, pray?”
“I have no idea. The last mission the Horns of Hammerad did – well, before the ruins – was digging through the Ruins of Albez, near Celum.”
“Albez?”
Yvlon wrinkled her brow.
“That’s a risky endeavor. There’s not much to find there and a lot of strong monsters. Was it worth it?”
Ceria smiled.
“Pretty much. We got a few enchanted items – mundane stuff, like spelled cooking equipment, and an old recipe book and a few really expensive plates. It was enough to cover the healing costs and put us ahead in quite a bit of gold. But it’s risky.”
“Still, if we knew there was treasure…”
“We don’t. I’ve led several expeditions, and I’ve come up empty-handed often as not.”
Yvlon shook her head regretfully.
“If we’re going to risk taking a dangerous mission for rewards, I’d like better odds than that.”
“Yeah.”
Ceria looked back at Ksmvr and Erin. She was talking intently to him, but glancing over at their table every few seconds. What was she…?
Just as the half-Elf was frowning, Ksmvr stood up and followed Erin over to their table. Ceria looked up at him, unsure.
“Ksmvr?”
“Greetings.”
He nodded politely at Yvlon and Pisces. The mage just grunted and Yvlon inclined her head stiffly. The Antinium’s early unsteadiness was gone; he seemed stable on his feet again, despite the blood loss and missing arm.
“Erin?”
The young woman smiled nervously at the three.
“Um, well Ceria, I just had a thought. You’re looking for an adventurer, and Ksmvr sort of got kicked out of his Hive for a while, so I thought…y’know, why not? He’s a fighter, and he’s pretty good.”
All three adventurers sitting at the table exchanged a long look. Pisces coughed and shrugged. Ceria fiddled with a fork, and Yvlon frowned. It was the blonde-haired woman who spoke.
“No offense Erin, but your friend Ksmvr is injured. And we’re looking for a capable fourth member, not—”
“I am considered to be a Silver-rank adventurer’s equal within my Hive.”
Ksmvr looked at Yvlon. He indicated his missing arm.
“This will not slow me down. I am capable of using many weapons.”
“Like a bow?”
Ceria was still frowning, but she stared at Erin and then at Ksmvr, thinking hard. The Antinium nodded.
“Archery is among the skills I have acquired. I have no Skills, but I am competent with every common bow type.”
“But you got kicked out of your Hive because you weren’t good enough.”
