2.32 H
Page 14
The air froze around his hand, making the first few Goblins slow and shout in agony as Yvlon and Ksmvr dodged out of the way. Pisces grinned and threw a fireball, and the Goblins had to slow and raise their shields or be caught by the two mage’s crossfire.
“Aw hell. Another Hob!”
Yvlon slashed left and then right, and then fell back, dueling a Hob that had joined the Goblins. Pisces looked at her and raised a hand.
“Back.”
She tumbled away and the jet of flame seared the Hob, making him roar in agony. But he charged through the flames at Pisces.
“Now would be—”
Ksmvr launched into the Hob from the side, stabbing fast and quick with the knife Erin had given him. The Hob threw him to one side, and Pisces shook his head.
“Springwalker?”
“[Icy Floor].”
Ceria pointed at the ground and then the snow crystallized. The Hob’s foot slipped, and Pisces raised a hand again.
“[Shock Volt]!”
It was another Tier 2 spell. This one was a shock of electricity that burst from Pisces’ hands, arcing towards the Hob’s metal armor. The big warrior screamed as he fought to get up. He raised his mace, and a shard of ice burst out of one eye like a red flower.
Ceria lowered her hand and exhaled hard.
“Damn it, I hate Hobs.”
“Get back, they’re forming up!”
Yvlon pointed, and Ceria saw the Goblins were charging towards them, a group of thirty this time. The half-Elf immediately pointed at the ground.
“[Icy Floor]!”
It was hard to cover a wide stretch, even in the winter. But Ceria saw the area in front of them freeze up, and the Goblins immediately split their group to circle around the frozen patch of ice.
“I’m nearly out of mana. Pisces?”
The other mage nodded, wiping at his brow.
“I have enough for more spells or undead. Should I?”
“Do it!”
Yvlon took a position as the group moved back. Ceria unsheathed a dagger; she was acceptable with it, and her robes would help, but she didn’t want to fight if she could help it. Yvlon pointed towards the other edge of the ice patch.
“Ksmvr, I need you to take one side.”
“Affirmative.”
“Pisces, if you can slow them down—”
The mage was focusing, his eyes narrowed. He spoke slowly.
“I can do a bit better than that.”
He pointed.
“[Animate Dead].”
Across the distance, the Hob sat up. Ceria gasped, but the massive undead was suddenly on his feet, and turning towards the Goblins. They screamed as he charged towards them, mace raised.
After that, it was more watching than anything else. Ceria and Pisces stood behind Ksmvr and Yvlon, a last line of defense, mana exhausted. But it didn’t come to a melee; the Hob that Pisces had reanimated ended the battle by himself. Heedless of injury now, he smashed Goblins left and right until they brought him down by weight of sheer numbers. And in the meantime, Yvlon and Ksmvr harassed them from the flanks.
Yvlon killed two more Goblins, slashing off limbs and inflicting deep wounds without ever letting them get close. She had no activatable skills, but she more than made up for it with competent swordplay. No blade even touched her armor; she turned away every cut with her shield and used it to ram Goblins, knocking them off balance and keeping the rest at bay.
Ksmvr had abandoned Erin’s knife and seized two swords. He hacked Goblins while his third arm held a shield which he used to defend himself. He took wounds, but they were only light ones that didn’t penetrate his carapace.
