2.32 H
Page 11
Again, Pisces was as blunt as a mace. Ksmvr hesitated, and Erin jumped in.
“Yeah, but he says it was because he’s not as good as Klbkch. And that’s not exactly fair, right? I mean, Klbkch is Relc’s partner, and Relc—”
“The Drake is at least the equal of any Gold-rank adventurer.”
Pisces frowned and nodded.
“I saw him dueling one of those adventurers before. He managed to force him back without any magical equipment. If that is the standard—”
He eyed Ceria. She could tell what he was thinking, but she wasn’t entirely sold. Yvlon was still frowning too. She sighed. Just when they needed something, Erin came up with it, albeit in the oddest way possible. She usually had good ideas, but—
An Antinium? Really? Ceria had journeyed with Calruz, and that had been fine, but the memory of the Antinium Wars still sent shivers down her spine. She hadn’t been on the continent, but she’d heard the stories.
Freaks. Monsters. But wasn’t that what people said about half-Elves? Ceria was still frowning when she heard the shouting from outside.
“Tree rot, what is it now?”
She stood up as a Drake burst into the room. He was panting, and wild-eyed. He wasn’t wearing armor; in fact, he wore what looked like farming clothes. He stared around the room.
“Please, is there any adventurer here? There’s a Goblin army attacking our village!”
Halrac was on his feet at once. Ceria blinked—she’d nearly forgotten he was here, but now the adventurer was a focused arrow. He strode towards the Drake.
“I’m a Gold-rank adventurer. Lead me to your village.”
The Drake nodded gasping with relief.
“Please, hurry! One of my friends is gathering the Watch, but there are hundreds of them!”
He ran out the door. Erin wavered, staring at it. Ceria grabbed her by the shoulder.
“Don’t even think about it. Close up your inn. Get upstairs and have your skeleton guard the door. Pisces, Yvlon—”
“You can’t be serious!”
Yvlon scowled and grabbed Pisces by one arm, lifting him up.
“This is our job. We defend people from monsters, even without a request. Come on!”
He grunted, but yanked free of her arm and moved towards the door with surprising haste. Ceria was going with them when Ksmvr spoke.
“Please, let me help. I am bound to defend Liscor in any case.”
She hesitated.
“You have no weapon—”
“Here! Here, take this!”
Erin burst out of her kitchen, juggling several bottles and a knife. She handed the knife to Ksmvr.
“It’s sharp. And these are the potions I have. Two healing potions—”
“You might need them.”
“Take one, at least!”
Ignoring Ceria’s objections, Erin thrust the bottle into the half-Elf’s hands. Ceria hesitated for only one more second and then nodded. They might need it.
“Thanks, Erin. Stay safe.”
She looked at the others. Yvlon was already at the door, her eyes following the Drake and Halrac as they sped across the snowy landscape. Pisces was waiting too. For all he groused, the mage wasn’t evil, and he was serious for once. And Ksmvr—
The Antinium held the knife, looking as poised as an arrow. So different from when he’d come in. What had Erin said to him? There was no time for thought. Someone was in trouble. Goblins. An army?
Ceria took a deep breath. She opened the door.
“Let’s go.”
 
—-
 
Everything an adventuring party was depended on their group composition. You had to move as a team; Ceria knew that. The Horns of Hammerad had been built for close-range engagements and rapid movement; Calruz had formed the group out of warriors and mages who could keep up. This new group was different.
