2.32 H
Page 7
Ceria smiled as Erin put down the plate and pinched the topmost pancake for herself. She shrugged.
“Look, I know you two have your doubts, but Pisces is a strong mage. He’s got more levels than I do.”
“Yeah, but he’s…Pisces, y’know?”
Erin looked skeptical as she hovered next to the table. Yvlon had the same expression on her face, although she was polite enough not to say anything. Ceria sighed as she tore the pancake into chunks and popped them into her mouth.
“Look at it this way. He might be an arrogant loner who scared people out of coin, but he survived by himself for this long, didn’t he? How many people do you know who could live by themselves in the wilderness of Liscor?”
Erin raised a hand, and Ceria smiled and Yvlon had to laugh.
“Yeah, but I mean alone. I don’t know when he got to Izril, but he must have made his way to this spot pretty much by himself. He got past bandits and monsters and I know he killed at least a hundred undead in the battle for Liscor. Olesm says he even downed a Crypt Lord by himself.”
“That’s impressive, but not exactly difficult for a [Necromancer].”
Ceria nodded. And then she made a face again.
“Look…he’s nothing special now, but he was once, alright?”
She looked towards the door, but Pisces still hadn’t returned. Ceria sighed, and looked back at Erin and Yvlon.
“Okay, no jokes or sarcasm. Pisces is a powerful mage, especially for his level. His focus is [Necromancy], but he knows a lot of other spells; far more than I do. And he can use them well. He was an excellent duelist back in Wistram. One-on-one battles are his specialty. He knows a Tier 4 spell – [Invisibility] and he can conjure a small army of minions. He’s a better Silver-rank adventurer than we are.”
Erin’s jaw dropped. Yvlon’s eyebrows rose, but she didn’t oppose Ceria’s statement.
“Well then, why hasn’t he become an adventurer before? And why didn’t you want him on our expedition? I recall—”
“I know. But he wouldn’t have joined, and he’s not a good adventurer to journey with. The only reason he’s with us now is that he’s desperate for money.”
Ceria scowled into her drink. Then she looked up.
“The problem with Pisces is that he doesn’t obey people he doesn’t like, and he won’t follow any orders he thinks are stupid.”
“Will he obey you?”
The half-Elf grimaced.
“He’d better. But Pisces makes his own decisions. That’s why he’d have never worked with Gerial and Calruz. But we might be able to get him to cooperate. Maybe.”
“Oh—”
Erin looked up. Pisces walked back in, washing his hands with some snow that he casually tossed back outside as he shut the door.
“Back to work! Where’s Toren…?”
The innkeeper left and Pisces took his place. He looked at the two.
“Talking about me?”
“Just wondering if you can pull your weight without a zombie to do it for you. Look, okay, maybe we get enough money somehow. Erin might spot us some coin.”
Yvlon hesitated.
“I’d hate to bother her—”
“What choice do we have? We can offer to repay her double, but we need potions. And items. Hey, Erin!”
Erin poked her head out of the kitchen and walked back over.
“What? Need anything, Ceria?”
“Maybe. You wouldn’t happen to have some deadly weapon in a bottle we can use, would you?”
The girl stared at the half-Elf as suspiciously as the others at the table.
“…Like what?”
“I don’t know. A deadly poison? Some kind of spell scroll?”
“Why would I have anything like that?”
Erin propped her hands on her hips, but Ceria was unmoved.
“At one point you were selling jars of acid to Goblins. And you built your house out of a tree that explodes when anything gets near it.”
