2.33
Page 3
“Oh, yes. They’re making great progress, just great! Some of them have no interest of course, but the ones who do play constantly. When they’re not working, of course.”
“Of course.”
Klbkch liked chess, but his interest was a shallow drop in the bucket compared to the waterfall of passion some of the Workers displayed for the game. It was…odd. The Antinium had never brought games or anything like it into their Hive. It was pointless, again, a waste of resources.
But had that been the clue all along? When Klbkch had suggested it, his Queen had grown silent before dismissing them. Was the key really just that?
…No. There was more. It had to be other people, not just the Antinium. People like Erin, special people who could teach them. That was why Ksmvr had to leave, and why this was important.
“I see you have come here again. Are you looking for additional maps of the dungeons? Was the one recovered not enough?”
Olesm shrugged slightly. He seemed a bit upset, insofar as Klbkch could read Drake emotions. His tail was twitching more than usual, but he wasn’t shouting or throwing things as Relc often did.
“I’m sure it was fine. The Council was very grateful for the discovery. But ah, I’m just looking for anything else that might be of use.”
“I see. Well, we have not completed our search of the area. The Antinium have discovered more buildings, but few remain even partially intact. This one seems to be the most important.”
“Yeah, you’re right. There could be something else here, couldn’t there?”
Olesm peered around the room, aiming his lantern at corners as Klbkch watched.
“I mean, I don’t know who lived here, but if this was some kind of [Cartographer]’s basement…”
“Could more maps be trapped under the rubble?”
“Maybe. Would you ah, like to give me a hand?”
“Certainly.”
Klbkch moved forwards and he and Olesm began searching the room systematically. Klbkch focused on the side of the room opposite the destroyed wine rack, while Olesm searched the other side of the room.
Even so, it would take Olesm a while to find the hidden parchment, as the Drake was focused on one corner of the room and very slowly making his way over. Klbkch decided to make small talk, if only so he would not become bored.
“I had expected that you would be at Erin Solstice’s inn instead of down here.”
“What?”
Olesm looked over as Klbkch picked up a fragment of cloth and discarded it. The Drake hesitated.
“Well…I mean, you did offer to pay me to teach the Antinium. It’s good money, and I always love playing chess.”
“Ah. But Erin is the greatest chess player in Liscor.”
She might be the best in the world. Certainly, she was among the best from hers, or so Klbkch had gathered. That was something else he had not told to anyone, including his Queen. It was…his secret. Erin had told other people of course, but who among them came down here to talk to the Queen? If he did not speak, she would never know. At least, not until the moment was right.
“Erin? Yeah, I mean, she is the best. But ah, I don’t want to disturb her. Plus, there are other reasons…”
Olesm’s voice trailed off and Klbkch observed his tail thrashing even harder.
“You seem upset. Is something the matter?”
“Yes! No. I—I just had a bad morning, that’s all.”
“Ah.”
Klbkch went back to searching through the rubble. He didn’t say anything. In his experience, non-Antinium would say what was on their minds eventually. In this case, it took Olesm only ten minutes to blurt out what he was thinking about.
