2.33
Page 11
Yvlon smiled at Ksmvr, awkwardly, but the first time Erin had seen her do so to the Antinium.
“I suppose you’re one of us now, Ksmvr. Don’t worry so much about formality or debt; when the time comes, we know you’ll help us out too.”
He paused, and then nodded.
“The notion of social debt has been imparted to me. I will remember this favor.”
“Close enough.”
Ceria sighed, but her eyes lit up as she studied the final ring, a wooden one traced with black lines in a crude pattern and then polished until it shone. She hesitated, poured a bit of her drink out to wash the blood away, and nudged Pisces.
“Hey, look at this. Maybe I’m reading this wrong, but if you compare it to [Protection from Arrows]…”
Pisces bent over to look, and Erin thought that the two mages looked like excited researchers bending over a text—or maybe archaeologists looking at a piece of broken pottery in a dig site. She supposed that to identify enchantments, you had to know the actual spells that went into them.
“Magic’s harder than it looks, huh?”
Lyon paused as she entered the doorway and scowled hard at Erin.
“Of course it is.”
Toren nudged her with the two buckets he was carrying and she stomped into the kitchen. Erin saw Pisces trace the pattern on the ring and then he looked up.
“A valuable find. A single-use regenerating enchantment of deflection…?”
“Close enough. Yeah, this one’s good.”
Ceria put the ring on the table and looked at the others.
“This ring deflects a single arrow that’s shot at you, and then the magic recharges until it can do it again. It’s worth good money—at least ten or twenty gold coins, possibly up to forty depending on how strong the deflection spell is and how fast it restores itself—but I could see one of us using it. What do you think?”
Yvlon stared at the ring and scratched her head.
“This is what helmets are for in my case. Ksmvr might be able to use it, but he’s got his outer…skin.”
Ksmvr nodded.
“My carapace will resist most arrows. And I have already claimed half of the items here. I believe this would be more suited in the hands of one of you two?”
“It’s not got much of a magical leak. And I could use some protection.”
“My robes are unenchanted.”
Ceria and Pisces stared at each other for a long moment, and then she sighed. Pisces took the ring and Ceria sat back.
“I get first choice of any spellbooks, got it?”
“That is acceptable to me.”
Erin smiled broadly. It was just dividing the loot, but there was something…exciting about watching it happen. She felt like she was part of the adventure herself, and she had to ask.
“Okay, now you’ve got some magical items. What happens next?”
All four adventurers paused and looked at each other. Ceria shrugged.
“I guess we register our name, and then take on some easy requests until we get some money saved up. Sewer exterminations, guard duty…stuff like that.”
Erin’s face fell.
“Oh. Nothing like going on a quest or exploring a dungeon?”
“Look how well that turned out last time.”
Ceria slapped Pisces on the back of the head. He glared at her, and Yvlon smiled ruefully.
“Adventuring isn’t all big explorations, Erin. We need to save up money before we can handle bigger assignments, and then…well, it also depends on if we find anything good. The ruins were our one big shot, or so we all thought. That’s why all the teams decided to risk everything.”
“And now they’re gone and we’re poor again.”
Ceria sighed as she pulled her drink back closer to her. All the excitement of before was gone, and she stared into her mug.
