2.33
Page 12
“Killing rats. That’s how I started my career. I killed over a thousand of the damn things until I could find a better job, and I thought I’d never have to do it again. But here I am again. Killing rats.”
“Are they that big of a problem?”
“If they breed and spawn giant ones as long as a Minotaur, yeah. Mainly they’re just too big for most cats and they bring plague so we earn coppers for each tail we bring in.”
Pisces sniffed.
“I hate the sewers. My robes—”
“Just learn a cleansing spell!”
“Got a book?”
“I hate to admit it, but my armor is going to stink for months afterwards.”
Yvlon sighed and even Ksmvr nodded.
“I am uncomfortable with the smell, but I wish to aid this group I am a part of. Regardless of the location.”
Erin looked at him and smiled slightly. It looked like he was really trying what she’d suggested—being a part of a group like Klbkch and Pawn were. But her smile faded as she looked at the despondent adventurers.
“Um, well, maybe you can do a few other requests.”
“Yeah.”
“Maybe.”
“Not likely.”
Ceria sighed.
“With all the adventurers around, we might get one or two good jobs, but steady work will be stuff like standing guard at night or killing pests. Even if we go north to Esthelm—and that will take coin we don’t have yet—it’s better if we start small. We need good equipment before we take on missions like fighting Mothbears.”
“What’s a—?”
“It flies and it’s a bear. With antennae. And claws.”
“Oh.”
“Some of them are poisonous.”
“Ah.”
“But honestly, I’d take on a group of them if we had the coin. If—”
“A month of work? Then we could look into riskier missions.”
“Yeah. It’s just…I’m sorry you guys. I wish I had better news for you, but if you’re all committed…”
Ceria looked around helplessly. Yvlon nodded.
“I’m with you, Ceria. I told you that.”
Pisces shrugged.
“I suppose wading through muck with you would be preferable to working with lesser companions.”
Ksmvr bowed his head slightly.
“I will work hard to make the most of the opportunity you have given me.”
Ceria smiled. It was a faint smile, but it was there. She stood up, and put her hand on the table.
“I’m sorry. It’s been so long since I’ve done this, I’d almost forgotten. But when we gather to form a team, it is a special thing. I was a member of the Horns of Hammerad for years; I was part of the team when Gerial and Calruz and I first formed it, and we were the greatest of friends, the closest of companions then.”
She shook her head and a shadow flickered across her face.
“They’re dead now. That’s what happens to us in the end. But the Horns fought until the end, except for one, who ran because her friends sacrificed themselves to keep her alive. Well, the Horns of Hammerad are not gone so long as I live. And if you’d fight by my side, then the Horns of Hammerad will keep fighting.”
Yvlon instantly rose and put her hand on the table. Erin held her breath as Pisces stood.
“You will keep the name? I believe it came from the Minotaur, did it not?”
Ceria shrugged.
“Unless you have a better one?”
“I do not. And I will fight with you, Springwalker. For pay of course.”
“Of course.”
Pisces gently laid his hand on the table. He smiled, and for a second Erin thought it was one of the most genuine looks she’d ever seen from him. Ksmvr was the last. He hesitated.
“I came here in despair. I was recommended—is it truly alright for one such as I to join so quickly?”
Ceria and Yvlon laughed.
“That’s adventuring for you. We’re spontaneous. An enemy can be a friend and fortune can change in a moment. If you’re with us, just don’t betray us.”
He nodded.
“I will not. I swear it.”
