2.33
Page 7
Ceria looked up sharply, and Erin raised her hands.
“Don’t worry! They never even got inside the inn.”
“What did you do? Did my creation kill them?”
“Who, Toren? No. They never even got close. I sort of yelled at them and they ran away.”
All four adventurers exchanged looks. Yvlon coughed politely.
“You yelled at them?”
“Sort of. I mean, I didn’t use [Loud Voice]. But it was that…that other skill I learned. Remember when everyone was fighting at the inn?”
Pisces massaged his stomach and scowled.
“How could we forget?”
“Well, back then I shouted and I felt everything sort of get heavier, remember?”
“I remember.”
Ceria frowned.
“I thought that was just a spell one of the Gold-rank adventurers cast. But you did that?”
“I think so. And when I saw the Goblins coming, I sort of just shouted at them to get lost and they did. I don’t know what happened, but the inn felt…bigger for a little bit after that happened.”
“Bigger?”
Ceria looked skeptical and Ksmvr and Yvlon just looked confused, but Pisces shook his head.
“It’s an aura. I haven’t heard of an innkeeper using one, but it’s quite common among leader classes.”
“An aura? Oh—you mean, [Inn’s Aura]? That’s one of the skills I got!”
“It’s quite a useful skill. It allows you to control the area; in this case I suppose around your inn to aid allies or impede enemies.”
“Whoa. That’s so cool!”
Erin smiled, and Ceria had to laugh.
“How do you not research your Skills when you get them, Erin?”
“I’ve got a lot to do, okay?”
Pisces cleared his throat, and everyone looked at him. He tapped the table as he settled into his lecturer voice.
“The aura skill is a powerful tool to aid in combat, but not one I would rely on. Any powerful monster or individual will be able to resist most of the effects. However, I will admit that it seems particularly well versed in deflecting low-level enemies. I suspect you may also be able to use it as a basic fear effect, or at least as a form of intimidation as evidenced by your chasing off of the Goblin invaders.”
Erin blinked at Pisces a few times while Ceria rolled her eyes and Yvlon just looked confused. It had been a while since she’d heard Pisces go all scholarly on her.
“Well, it seems quite useful.”
“Quite.”
“Good that you got rid of the Goblins. I’d hate for you to be in danger.”
Everyone nodded, and Erin did too, but the truth of it was that she’d never been in danger. It had been nine Goblins who’d approached her inn, and they’d already been hesitating when they saw Toren come out wearing armor. Erin shouting had probably been the last straw.
Ksmvr drained his mug, and looked at Erin.
“I would not like to bother you, Erin Solstice. But—”
“Water? No problem!”
Erin took the mug and whirled into the kitchen. She filled the water with some from a kettle she’d boiled and glanced at how much was left. Not enough. She could boil snow of course, but it was easier just to get some from the stream. It hadn’t frozen over despite the weather.
“Lyon, we need more water. Can you fetch…two buckets?”
The girl scowled as Erin walked back into the common room. She folded her arms.
“Me? Go out there?”
Erin frowned. She didn’t like that tone of voice. Never mind that it was Lyon’s semi-permanent tone; it meant trouble whenever she heard it.
“Yeah. You’ve done that a hundred times. What’s wrong?”
“Those horrible little monsters! They attacked the inn and they could be lurking outside!”
Lyon pointed to the door as if the Goblins were hiding behind it. Erin sighed.
“They’re all dead or run away. The Watch made sure of that.”
“How can you be sure?”
Erin paused.
