2.33
Page 10
“Not unless that magic’s really good. Looks like this is just random trinkets the Goblins stole.”
Ceria eyed the necklace and grimaced.
“Hey, this looks exactly like the dining hall at Wistram, doesn’t it, Pisces?”
The other mage looked at the necklace and nodded.
“Indeed. Resistance or nullification of improperly prepared foodstuffs.”
Erin couldn’t believe her ears.
“You mean it stops food poisoning?”
“It’s handy if you eat a lot of raw eggs. I’d take it, but I’m afraid the magic isn’t contained properly.”
Ceria shrugged as she lifted the necklace up and offered it around. Erin had no idea what she meant and said so.
“Well, mages have a hard time wearing magical gear unless it’s made really well. Take my robes for instance—they don’t leak any magic and their enchantments are…tightly woven is the best way I can describe it. But something like this—”
The half-Elf lightly flicked the dangling claw and shook her head.
“It just interferes with me if I’m trying to cast a spell. Think of it like this. If I was wearing a ring that resisted fire and tried to cast [Fireball], the magic in the ring would try to cancel mine out. Well, it’s more complicated than that—”
“—Far more complicated.”
“—Shut up, Pisces. But that’s the general idea. Wearing that necklace would interfere with a lot of my spells. I could cast around it, but it might take a bit more time and mana, and it’s not worth it to resist the occasional illness.”
“I see.”
Erin stared at the claw. She didn’t need it; if she was making bad food, she deserved her stomachache. But to her surprise, Ksmvr raised his hand again.
“I apologize for my unseemly behavior, but I believe it would benefit me the most.”
“Really?”
He nodded at Erin.
“Perhaps this trinket will allow me to consume products of gluten.”
“Hey, that’s a good point! And it’s not as if this is expensive stuff; here.”
Ceria tossed the necklace to Ksmvr who caught it and bowed his head.
“I am most grateful.”
“I’m fairly certain it won’t affect the enchantment on the shortsword either, right Pisces?”
He nodded. Erin scratched her head.
“So enchantments on different magical items…?”
“Affect each other. Only naturally. If they didn’t, every adventurer could wear a thousand magical spells on their person.”
Pisces nodded as Ceria began studying the two rings. He pointed at Yvlon.
“Why do you think experts in physical combat usually only use a sword and shield and a few enchanted items? Why not enchant every piece of armor?”
Erin had no idea what adventurers normally wore. Pisces continued.
“It is possible of course, but the skill and craftsmanship that would have to go into each piece of equipment would be extraordinary. Thus, only the most legendary of warriors would have multiple enchanted items and most adventurers carry a singularly enchanted blade and ring in most cases.”
“And us Silver-rank adventurers are generally too poor for any of that.”
Ceria sighed as she tossed one ring at Pisces. He studied it as she looked over at Erin.
“Getting magical items or finding one is the first step towards Gold-rank. My robes, for instance are half of the gear I’d probably need. If I had a good wand or stave and a higher-Tier spellbook, I could probably call myself a Gold-rank adventurer.”
“Another worthless ring. Minor enchantments against cold weather.”
“Yup. Let’s sell it for a gold piece or two—unless you’re feeling cold, Yvlon? Ksmvr?”
The other two shook their heads. Ksmvr was fastening the claw around his neck.
“I have imposed too much already.”
“I defer to the mages.”
