2.33
Page 8
“I can’t. But I’ll send Toren with you, how about that?”
It would defeat the purpose of sending Lyon in the first place, but at least then they’d be able to carry enough water back to last a good while. But the girl didn’t like that idea either.
“I won’t be followed by that horrible thing!”
“In that case, go by yourself. It’s not far.”
“Alone!? Absolutely not! I refuse to work until you hire an adventurer to exterminate all of them!”
Erin’s good mood slowly evaporated. Ceria blinked up at Erin from her table and nudged the innkeeper with one foot. She whispered up at Erin.
“You haven’t told her about your…other guests?”
“They haven’t come back for a while now. Um.”
Erin glanced over at Lyon. The girl was giving Erin a triumphant look, as if she had the moral high ground. It was always like this, and Erin didn’t want to deal with it. She looked over.
“Toren?”
The skeleton paused as he industriously mopped a table with a rag. He slowly turned, and Lyon screeched as she backed away from him.
“No! I will not—!”
The skeleton’s purple eyes flashed and Lyon ran out of the inn, emitting a half-sob, half-shrieking sound.
Ceria watched as Toren followed the girl out of the inn, frowning slightly. She looked at Erin.
“You don’t think it’s kind of cruel, making Toren deal with her?”
“Is that cruel for Toren or her? I’ve told him he can’t hit her, push her, poke her, or do anything to her. And I can’t deal with her.”
It was a painful admission for Erin, but it was true. She’d tried—oh, how she’d tried!—but Lyon would simply refuse to work. No matter how nice or mean Erin got, the girl would just sneer at her. Toren had a way with Lyon, in that he never gave up and could scare her with his eyes, but Erin didn’t have that same ability.
“I suppose.”
Ceria looked troubled, but Pisces just shook his head.
“I analyzed my creation after Miss Solstice pointed it out to me. He has absorbed the magic from that gemstone into his spell matrix. It appears to be a lesser version of the original spell, but it seems quite useful in shepherding the annoying girl around.”
He raised his mug and drained it as Erin nodded in relief. She had been worried about Toren. In truth, she still was. She’d thought her heart would stop when Halrac had shot him in the head. She’d had no idea what the red gemstone was, until she’d realized that Toren had picked up one of Skinner’s ‘eyes’ after the battle. How he’d gotten a hold of it she had no idea.
It was starting to bother her, to be honest. Not the eyes—Toren didn’t try to scare her and Erin doubted the effect would work on her after Skinner in any case—but it was how much Toren had changed.
He wore armor, he disappeared at random times…if she wasn’t so busy, Erin would have tried to see what was going on with her skeleton. Was something wrong with him? Maybe Pisces should take another look at him. Toren seemed more intelligent than he had been when Erin had first got him, but still.
Still, Erin was always busy now. She was cooking, serving guests, and didn’t have time to do much else. She’d hoped that Lyonette would take some of the burden off, but in this case, the girl had added to Erin’s workload.
“I need another helper.”
“No, you need a better helper.”
Ceria corrected Erin as the girl took a seat at the table. No one was shouting for her, and Erin had been on her feet all day.
“Yeah, yeah. Maybe Pisces can raise another skeleton for me?”
The mage snorted.
“Hardly. You don’t have the mana to sustain it, and Toren was a work of art.”
“Oh? He looks quite mundane to me, Pisces.”
