2.33
Page 0

Some days he could not bear to see her as she was. He remembered when she had been smaller, and the first time she had walked through the tunnels of the Hive. But now she was bloated, obscenely huge, grand and horrible and beautiful all at once.
That is what Klbkch thought as he gazed upon his Queen. She was not what she once was. She was greater now, yes, with a Hive full of thousands of Antinium who followed her every order. But sometimes he wondered if she was a captive, a helpless prisoner. He knew he was.
“—We will dispose of the bodies of the Goblins for the city. I believe they will be largely useful as food supplies unless they carry some kind of invisible affliction.”
“Very well.”
His Queen gazed down at Klbkch, as they had often done. He stood at perfect attention, in the darkness of his Hive underneath Liscor, speaking up to her. This was his duty; true, he had other tasks now, but he had done this for decades, and it was what was needed. His Queen was the ruler of the Hive, but Klbkch was her eyes and ears and sword, if need be.
Up until a few weeks ago. Now Klbkch was a Revalantor, and in theory he should have been reporting to his Queen less and working with Pawn and the new individuals, but the situation had changed. Klbkch shifted slightly, a movement his Queen picked up.
“Is something amiss, Klbkchhezeim?”
“Not as of such, my Queen. However, casualties from the latest incursion from the dungeons were quite severe.”
“Yes. It seems activity above has woken more of the wretched things.”
“I believe it would be wise to proceed with the uncovering of the dungeon as soon as possible.”
“So you have said. Repeatedly.”
Above him, the Queen stared down at Klbkch. He knew she was not pleased. She wanted the Hive to do this alone, but he had argued this point for years. He thought he’d convinced her after Skinner to take the opportunity, but was she having second thoughts?
Klbkch braced himself for another argument, but instead his Queen just shook her head.
“What then, of the adventurers? Will they locate the dungeon themselves or must we point them to it?”
“They have been unable to locate the exact entrance, but two Gold-rank teams have already approached me and asked if the Antinium would dig in search of it.”
“Ah.”
Was that a good sign or not? Even after so long, Klbkch wasn’t certain.
“…They have offered a sizeable sum of gold to locate the entrance to the dungeon. I believe they are offering us a higher price than the normal rate.”
“That would be useful.”
Gold was not really an issue for the Antinium, but every bit helped. Klbkch nodded.
“If we were to accept a lower price, we might surprise them and influence their feelings towards us in some positive manner. Griffon Hunt appears to be especially hostile towards us.”
“Is that an issue?”
“It may not be, but I would prefer to do so if you will permit it.”
Another sigh.
“Very well. I trust your judgment, Klbkch.”
She trusted his judgment, but didn’t understand it. It was an odd thing, but his Queen—all Queens, really—did not value goodwill or friendship as a resource. They only thought of other species as variables to be influenced, and hence that was why Klbkch occasionally had to argue like this.
Perhaps this was why the Prognugators had been created; to fill the voids of each Queen’s personality. Of course, each Prognugator and Queen was different; Klbkch knew other Hives had vastly different ways of approaching their work.
Regardless…
