2.33
Page 14
“Erin, can we lock this door?”
“What? S—”
Ceria barred the inn’s door and then helped Yvlon cover the last of the windows. The inn was suddenly very dark, but Pisces cast [Light] as the two adventurers went back to the map. Ceria’s face was pale, but her hands were shaking with excitement. Yvlon looked the same.
“Dead gods. Look at it! This is a map of Albez!”
“Are you sure?”
Yvlon looked at Ceria. The half-Elf paused.
“There should be landmarks. You’ve been there too, Yvlon. Can you see…?”
“There.”
The armored finger pointed down at a round building on the map. Erin craned over to see.
“That’s exactly like the ruined building that Carn Wolves use as a base sometimes, isn’t it? The one with the broken dome.”
“You’re right!”
Ceria stared at the map hungrily. Her finger traced the page.
“Look, if you see here—that’s got to be a secret room. It leads directly to what looks like a storeroom. If we could go there and verify—Olesm, do you know how valuable this is?”
The Drake nodded slowly. He smiled at Ceria, sadly, Erin thought.
“I had some idea. Look. It’s a gift. You need this, don’t you?”
“Olesm, this could be our big break.”
Erin still didn’t know what was happening. She looked from Olesm to Ceria to Yvlon and back again. Ksmvr was doing the same thing.
“What does it mean? This is good, right?”
Yvlon nodded slowly. She spoke as she studied the map.
“The Ruins of Albez are up north. They’re famous for well, being full of treasure. But most of it was cleaned out decades ago; adventuring teams can find something extremely valuable now and then, but it’s usually a fruitless effort.”
Pisces’ eyes were alight with avarice as he studied the ancient parchment.
“But if we had a map of the entire place and we knew where to search, we might find treasures never found before! It’s just a matter of hiding the fact we know as we request permission to explore and dealing with the monsters and traps there. But the potential—”
“No one has ever had a map of the ruins before, Erin. No one.”
Ceria stared at the parchment, and her hands gripped together tightly.
“This is big. Possibly bigger than the ruins here. Because most of the traps, all of the big monsters and guardians of this dungeon are already gone. Albez was unearthed during an earthquake. So if there is treasure, it might be unguarded. And the best stuff might be waiting for us.”
She looked up at Erin, and the girl felt a shiver of excitement as she saw the look in Ceria’s eyes. There was something blazing in the depths of the half-Elf’s eyes. A look reflected across the other three adventurers, even Ksmvr.
“This could change everything.”
 
—-
 
They left after four hours. Erin had been present for all of it, letting Lyon retreat to her room and Toren clean up and wander off as she listened to the adventurers argue and talk. Olesm had left early too, and Erin wished she’d had something to say to him. He’d been gloomy, and unfortunately, Ceria had been so excited she hadn’t said more than goodbye as he’d gone.
But the adventurers were consumed with a passion that Erin had only seen once before, the last day she’d seen the Horns of Hammerad together. No; this was even greater than that, in a way. Because the treasure was out there. They knew it, and they wanted to find it first.
They borrowed money from Erin. A lot of her gold, which they promised to repay when they got back. If it meant they would come back, Erin would have given them all of it.
