2.33
Page 9
“Come now, Springwalker. Surely you’ve observed his ability to reanimate? I layered the reanimation spell across each individual bone and tied the entire spell together. It can’t be replicated.”
Ceria eyed Pisces suspiciously as Erin blinked. Was Toren that impressive?
“It seems odd you’d give that to Erin for free.”
Pisces hesitated and then shrugged.
“Well, I owed her a small debt for my meals, and I observed her sterling work with the Antinium. The individuals such as Pawn—it seemed to me she would appreciate a fine worker.”
“I guess I did.”
It was odd, but Toren had been invaluable. Erin thought about that as Ceria pushed aside her empty bowl and pulled something up from the table.
“Alright, I’m feeling a bit more alive right now. Time to take stock of what we got from the Goblins.”
“What?”
Erin stared as Ceria pulled out two rings, a short sword, and an odd necklace of rough leather with a large claw attached to the end of it.  The half-Elf laid all four objects carefully on the table as all the adventurers leaned in.
“What’s that?”
“Magic. Or at least, they’re all magical. We pulled them off of the bodies of the dead Goblins.”
That was plain to see. One of the rings had blood all over it. Erin shuddered, but Pisces and Ceria ignored the blood as their fingers hovered over the rings. Erin expected them to pick one up, but neither did. In fact, she noticed that Ceria had lifted all four objects up with a handkerchief covering her hand, and as the half-Elf turned the necklace over, she used it again.
“Why aren’t you touching them? Are they dangerous?”
“They could be. It’s one of the rules all adventurers learn: don’t touch magical objects unless you know what it is. They might be trapped or warded against being stolen.”
Yvlon nodded. She was keeping her hands well away from the magical items.
“In the worst case scenario, they might kill the user, or explode. Even if they’re not deadly, I’ve seen objects start screaming or emit horrible gas or just melt.”
Erin blinked at the items on her table. Then she edged behind Ceria.
“Oh.”
“Don’t worry. We’ve done this before. We won’t destroy anything.”
The half-Elf reassured Erin as she and Pisces studied the items. Pisces was muttering under his breath, but he wasn’t doing anything obviously magical. Ceria returned her attention to the sword, frowning.
“Besides, it’s not as if these have particularly strong enchantments.”
“You can tell?”
“Oh yes. Items have an…intensity about them. You remember how magic has tiers? It’s like that. I’d say these are Tier 1—maybe Tier 2 on one of the rings at best. Mind you, Tier 1 is still good; it’s not like any enchantment is worthless.”
“Ah, but this one is.”
Pisces tapped the sword’s hilt as he looked at Ceria.
“Very common. It’s just a minor reinforcement, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Glad to see you waited for me to confirm it.”
Ceria grumbled, but nodded. She lifted the sword.
“This is just a basic hardening enchantment. It improves the strength of the blade, but not the sharpness or anything else. A bit better than nothing I suppose; Yvlon, Ksmvr, you want it?”
Yvlon shook her head.
“I suspect my longsword is better quality in any case.”
“Really?”
Erin looked at the sword at Yvlon’s side in surprise. It was certainly…shinier, but was it better than magic?
“Of course.”
Pisces snorted as Ksmvr accepted the shortsword.
“Quality steel forged by an expert? Compared to that, this is an iron blade—of acceptable craft, but not nearly good enough to compare. Magic cannot replace the actual base material it affects.”
