2.33
Page 5
Klbkch hated Crelers. Olesm shuddered, and went back to working after a bit longer.
“I just wish I could level like that, you know?”
“Perhaps you will. It just takes time.”
“Yeah, but I—”
Olesm paused as he lifted a piece of wood, and then his voice rose in excitement.
“Klbkch! Look! I found something!”
Klbkch walked over and saw Olesm holding up the ancient parchment as he held the lantern up with trembling claws.
“Is it another map of the dungeon?”
“N-no. I don’t think so…? No, wait, I know what this is! It’s a map of another dungeon!”
“Indeed?”
Klbkch peered at the faded lines and nodded as if impressed.
“This is quite a find. Is there perhaps another dungeon beneath Liscor?”
“There can’t be. That would be ridiculous, wouldn’t it? No, this must be another place. Maybe nearby…?”
Olesm stared at the faded writing on the map. Klbkch had a hard time reading the old Drake language, but Olesm had studied it, another reason why he’d been invited into the Hive.
“Albez. Huh. I don’t know where that is.”
“Perhaps it is a location north of here? A Human or native to that region might know. Ceria Springwalker or her companion, Yvlon Byres, perhaps.”
“You think so?”
Olesm hesitated. He looked at the parchment and carefully folded it up.
“Can I…borrow this? I’ll return it later.”
Klbkch shook his head, but not in denial.
“The Antinium have no use for maps. Do with it as you will. I only hope you will mention our efforts to the Council when you report.”
“What? Oh, yes, I will. Thank you!”
Olesm was already headed towards the tunnels. Klbkch watched him go, and knew the Drake would be making a beeline for the surface…unless he got lost. Mentally, Klbkch ordered a few Workers to intercept the Drake at tunnel intersections.
Klbkch’s job was done. He sighed. It wasn’t as if this had been particularly tiring, but Olesm’s mention of levels had brought Klbkch back in time again. It was playing on his thoughts when he’d stood before his Queen.
The past. Klbkch hadn’t given it much thought, but after he’d met Erin and died again, it was starting to weigh on him.
Klbkch reviewed his classes. He was a Level 21 [Swordslayer], a Level 18 [Commander], a Level 6 [Diplomat], a Level 13 [Guardsman] and a Level 14 [Assassin]. He’d been stronger, once.
Yes. Klbkch remembered a time when he hadn’t had any levels in either [Commander] or [Diplomat]. He’d been a pure warrior, a Level 44 [Swordslayer], and a Level 26 [Assassin]. He hadn’t even been a Prognugator, then.
Was it just him, or was it harder to level now? Maybe it was his age as well. It had been so long since they’d left Rhir, and even longer since he had first been hatched. He could barely remember his first Hive, deep in the darkness. Maybe there were still—
Klbkchhezeim.
Klbkch snapped to attention, all memory passing from his mind in an instant. He knew what his Queen meant in a single touch of their minds.
It was another attack. More monsters were swarming out of the dungeon, and the Soldiers needed him. Klbkch ran out of the fake cellar, heading directly towards the scene of the battle.
Forget the past. The Centenium were dead. He was a Revalantor now. Klbkch grabbed at the two swords at his waist, feeling the blades slide out of their sheathes. If only he had his old swords. But then, he and his Queen hadn’t been allowed to take anything of value when they established this experimental Hive. Maybe after the others came and saw what they had done…
