2.33
Page 6
No time for thought. Klbkch ran faster as he heard the first shriek of rage in the air. His body was light, his mind was focused. He was the blade of his queen.
It was time to go back to work.
 
—-
 
“Wow. Wow. And you fought the Goblins off by yourself?”
“With the help of the Watch. And Halrac. And the villagers and quite a bit of luck.”
Ceria grinned at Erin as the half-Elf sat at a table in the inn, drinking beer and relaxing with the other three adventurers. Erin assumed they were adventurers. Of course, Pisces had just been a mage and Ksmvr was an Antinium Prognugator, but they were adventurers now, right?
She didn’t quite know what that word meant. Erin hadn’t met many adventurers outside of the Horns of Hammerad, Griffin Hunt and a few others. She got that they went into dungeons and killed monsters, but the idea of just wandering around helping people sounded more like being a hero to her.
It was a different world, especially in how one second Ceria could be sitting in the bar, and the next she’d be out fighting a Goblin army.
“Raiding party, Erin. I told you, it’s a raiding party.”
“What’s the dif—oh, right. Numbers. But two hundred Goblins is a lot.”
“Not compared to an army, believe me. And in truth, this raiding party is small compared to how big they can get. When a Goblin King emerges, you can see raiding parties in the thousands.”
“Which isn’t so much a raiding party as another army. Bah, the terminology used is wholly insufficient.”
Pisces scowled around his drink. He seemed happy Erin had brought out the alcohol, but even happier that she’d made more food—lunch, this time. It felt like she’d just served breakfast, but here was another crowd, even larger thanks to some of the Guardsmen who’d decided to eat at the inn.
Speaking of which—
One of the Gnolls in armor waved a paw, and Erin turned.
“Can you get that, Lyonette?”
Across the room the girl hesitated, and then slowly walked over to the table with Gnolls and Drakes, displeasure evident on her face. The guardsmen didn’t look that happy to see her either, but in a few seconds she was walking into the kitchen to get more food.
Erin had made soup. It was a nice, easy dish to make and she could keep serving it instead of having to constantly make more for new guests. She’d added all kinds of spices and meats and vegetables in it—it almost felt like Erin’s skills were doing all of the cooking, rather than her.
“This is really good, Erin. Thank you.”
“Oh, no, thank you? Um, I’ve got more if you want it.”
“Please don’t trouble yourself. I’m quite full.”
Yvlon put down the spoon in her bowl and sighed contentedly as she reached for her drink. She’d requested milk, a stark contrast from the others.
Ksmvr nodded silently. He was drinking water, and he’d finished two bowls of soup in near-silence. Erin’s eyes were drawn to the stump of his third arm, but the Antinium didn’t even seem to notice his wound.
He was still probably depressed. Erin couldn’t believe he’d been kicked out his Hive, just like that. She wanted to talk to Klbkch about it, but she hadn’t seen the Antinium and Ceria had said he wasn’t with the Watch who fought the Goblins.
“It’s just so scary, thinking there could be more of them out there. And they’re not Rags’ Goblins, you said?”
“I’m almost positive about that.”
Ceria nodded and Pisces murmured his agreement. That made Erin’s heart ease a tiny bit. She’d hate to imagine Rags getting hacked to bits.
“Well, I’m glad you’re all okay. We got attacked by Goblins too, but it wasn’t nearly as bad as this.”
“What?”
