2.33
Page 13
A fourth hand joined the circle. Erin held her breath, and the Drake standing behind her did too. Ceria, Yvlon, Pisces, and Ksmvr held their hands together for a moment, and then stepped back.
“The Horns of Hammerad live again.”
Yvlon shook her head.
“They never died.”
Ceria smiled faintly.
“And now, as your glorious leader, I will lead you in the greatest hunt for rats the world has ever seen. We’ll be wading through dung for weeks!”
Pisces shook his head and Yvlon laughed lightly. And another voice spoke, quietly.
“What if you didn’t have to do all that?”
Erin turned. Olesm was behind her again. Somehow, she wasn’t surprised. He’d come in—she’d sensed someone behind her a while back, as the four were forming their team. But he didn’t have the same energetic look about him.
Ceria hesitated. Pisces rolled his eyes and Yvlon sighed.
“Olesm? What are—”
“I ah, heard you forming your team. Congratulations.”
The Drake bobbed his head as he stared at the Horns of Hammerad. Ceria hesitated, and glanced at Erin. The Human girl could see the pain in her eyes.
“Um. Well, Olesm, they just formed the group but I’m sure if you became an adventurer too and trained, you could be—”
The Drake shook his head.
“No. No, I can’t be an adventurer.”
“Olesm. Just because I said—”
“It’s not that. I just received word via mage spell. There’s a Goblin Lord in the south. He’s raised an army, and until he’s dead, Liscor will need everyone on the walls if he heads north.”
Ceria gasped and Yvlon shook her head. Erin was confused.
“Goblin Lord? Is that bad?”
“Not like a Goblin King, but close. Did they say what size his army is?”
Olesm shook his head.
“There’s no details. But he’s strong. Zel Shivertail himself clashed with the Goblin Lord and retreated. He had a smaller army, but—”
“Dead gods. Shivertail lost a fight?”
Erin realized her inn had gone quiet. She looked over and saw some of the guardsmen were on their feet. They looked pale. Olesm turned and nodded.
“His army was already reduced, but until armies are sent to destroy the Goblin Lord, the city will be on alert. Captain Zevara will tell you more.”
The guardsmen exchanged glances and some of the other patrons in Erin’s inn rose and began putting money on the table. She hesitated, but Toren was there to sweep away plates and coins. Olesm looked at Ceria.
“The Council would never accept my request to leave. Even without me, Liscor’s walls would never fall in the time it took for reinforcements to arrive, but I’m the strongest [Tactician] around so…”
He spread his hands helplessly.
“I’m here to stay.”
Erin’s heart ached. Ceria hesitated, and reached out for Olesm. He moved past her and put something on the table.
“I found this earlier today. You should use it.”
Confused, Erin watched as Olesm cleared the table and then spread the parchment out. It turned out to be a map, a faded parchment detailing some vast complex. It had branching pathways, what looked like secret rooms—
“What is it? I mean, it’s a map, right?”
“A map. Yes.”
Ceria and Yvlon studied the map as Pisces stared hard at the symbols covering the parchment. They were faded, and Erin couldn’t read them. It looked like the odd script the Drakes used. She’d seen proper English writing, but this was different. But Pisces could clearly read the language. His lips moved, and then he looked up and turned white.
“Albez. You have a map?”
Ceria’s reaction was immediate. Her head raised and turned so fast Erin thought she’d get whiplash. She looked at Yvlon, and the two immediately raced to the windows. Erin stared at they began shutting them.
