2.33
Page 4
“It’s Ceria. And adventuring. And Erin, I guess. I just feel like I’m not in their league anymore. In terms of levels, I mean.”
“Oh? I fail to see the issue. You are the highest-level [Tactician] in Liscor, are you not?”
“Hah!”
Olesm laughed bitterly as he tossed a rock against one wall.
“That’s nothing compared to the [Strategists] in our army. I might be higher-level than some of the Humans in the northern cities, but so what? I’m still weak.”
“You are young.”
“But I could be improving, don’t you see?”
Olesm’s tail raised a cloud of dust as he turned to Klbkch in frustration.
“I wanted to join Ceria and become an adventurer. I thought if I did that, I could develop some skills, maybe even transition into a commander class…! It’s possible if you gain enough warrior levels, you know.”
“I am aware.”
Enough levels in [Warrior] and [Strategist] and the two classes would merge into a new class, usually [Commander]. It was an odd feature, especially since some people could level in [Commander] right away. As far as Klbkch could tell, it was simply a way to consolidate levels, but he had no idea why that would be useful. Two classes were better than one, weren’t they?
“But she said no. She said I wasn’t strong enough—”
Olesm grabbed a piece of wood up and clenched it hard in a scaly fist.
“Adventurers live quite dangerous lives. Silver-rank adventurers face threats that may be above your level at the moment.”
“I know! I know, but the way she said it—can’t I go with them? Why do I have to be here?”
This was an unexpected development. Klbkch paused, and decided to continue with the conversation.
“Is it not Liscor’s policy to keep at least one [Tactician] in the city to ward off potential attacks?”
“It is. But I could delegate the job or—I just want to be better, you know? I feel worthless every time I play Erin, now that I know she’s taking it easy on me. I mean, I knew she was already, but now…”
Klbkch nodded slowly.
“I can understand your position. After my death, I too lost quite a number of levels.”
“Really? I had no idea that was how it worked. Does it happen like that for all Antinium?”
Olesm looked at Klbkch in surprise, and the Antinium felt a small moment of kinship with the young Drake. He couldn’t close his eyes, but Klbkch looked down at the ground, remembering as he spoke.
“Revival is rare even among my kind. But yes, once individuals are revived, they lose ten levels among their classes.”
“Ten!?”
“It is a small price to pay for life, is it not? But without at least ten levels, individuals are unable to be revived.”
It was a secret Klbkch was telling Olesm, but not a big one. The Drakes and Gnolls had figured out the Antinium’s ability during the First Antinium War; only the exact nature of the resurrection and the amount of levels lost had been a secret. And it was one worth telling to Olesm, Klbkch believed.
“I was stronger. Once. But I am pleased to say that I have regained five of my lost levels already.”
“Fiv—how? Please, tell me how you did that!”
Olesm looked at Klbkch pleadingly.
“I’ve leveled a lot since Erin came, but it’s not nearly fast enough. How did you do it so quick?”
Klbkch paused. Now here was a secret he couldn’t speak of.
“The Hive has suffered a…few monster attacks as of late. I have helped fend them off and recovered my lost levels as a result.”
It was true except in the details. Olesm nodded in understanding.
“Oh, like those giant tunneling worms or Shield Spiders? Those can be nasty.”
“Among other things. They are difficult to deal with.”
“Good thing we don’t get Crelers down here, right?”
“Not anymore.”
