2.34
Page 3
“Ach. How would we explain it? What good can a slave do with the chains on their neck? But you put it on willingly, didn’t ye?”
 
She looks at her companions and shakes her head again.
 
“Your…classes, fool! Your levels and foolish things. You are a plaything, and you know not what that means or who plays this game.”
 
And there it is. Part of the mystery, right there if only I was smart enough to put all the pieces together. I frown, but then I notice the faerie’s expression. She’s…glaring at me. So are the others.
Hm. They really, really don’t like this subject. And I can see they’re getting ready to either fly off or do something nasty to me, not just prank me.
So I look her in the eye and shake my head.
“I’m no plaything.”
 
“Liar!”
“Lies, you are all playthings! Ignorant slaves!”
“You cannot hide the truth!”
 
Okay, now they’re pissed. The faeries fly around me, and more of them come down. They look angry.
Faeries. Quick to change emotions. And dangerous. I gulp, but hold my hands up.
“I’m telling the truth. I have no classes and no skills. I never leveled. I chose not to.”
They freeze. One of the faeries squints at me.
 
“Truly?”
 
“Can’t you tell?”
They hesitate, and then shake their heads reluctantly. Huh. Seems like that’s one of the things faeries can’t do. One of them, the first one, I think, floats closer and eyes me suspiciously.
 
“Do not try to trick us, mortal. Tell us plain: do you have levels? Did ye accept the power of this world?”
 
I look her straight in the eye. If ever this was a time to be honest…
“I swear it. I swear it on the water, by the grass and earth and sky and on my name. I swear it by honor and life itself.”
I’m not sure if those are the right words. I don’t know any faerie oaths and I’ve forgotten any famous ones in the moment. But it seems to work. The faeries exchange a glance and then look at me. one speaks.
 
“That is…good. And interesting. It changes much, Human.”
“And nothing.”
 
Another one mutters that. Some faeries nod and others shake their heads. For the first time I see them start to argue, but then they look at me. Almost all of them fly out of earshot and the first one—I think it’s still her—remains.
“Would you like to explain any of that?”
She lifts her small nose up at me.
 
“‘Tis for us to discuss. We will tell you if you need to hear it.”
 
“Thanks.”
I sigh. Faeries. Secrets. It’s not as if I’m not used to this already. I glance over my shoulder the way I’ve come. A long, open stretch of snow is behind me, and a small forest seems to be ahead.
“Damn it. Do you at least know where I am? Am I even headed back to Liscor?”
She hesitates, and then nods stiffly.
 
“You go the right way, Human. You and others march towards the city that floods.”
 
Wait, what? Two parts of that sentence bother me.
“Me and others? What do you mean?”
She squints behind me. I look over my shoulder, but I don’t see anything. But the faerie does.
 
“‘Tis a great column of the children of Dragons and the walking dogs following your trail. About a day’s journey behind.”
 
Oh no. My heart begins beating faster again. I remember Ilvriss and the other one. Zel-something.
“Do you know which army it is? Is it the one who captured me, or the other one?”
She shrugs. Well of course faeries don’t care about mortal affairs. She eyes me as I try to pick up the pace.
 
“Ye know we will not interfere in mortal affairs.”
 
“I know. But you seem to interfere a lot in my life.”
She shrugs as she floats by my head.
 
