2.34
Page 2
That was a good one. I had no idea I could do it, but while I was in the cave I started experimenting with the two spells I did know. [Noise] and [Light]. My reasoning was that if I could alter the [Light] spell with some work, why not the [Noise] spell? Hell, why not combine the two?
A day and a half later, and two aching eardrums prove I’m right. The burst of noise and sound isn’t exactly like being hit by a real life stun grenade—and there’s a whole lot less death and injury since this is just light and sound, not actual explosive force like the damn things people use, ‘non-lethal’ my ass—but it works.
Sound and light. Light and sound, just amplified. It’s the easiest thing to remember, especially if you’ve actually seen a flash bang go off*.
*Yeah. Police drug raids, wild party, and I wasn’t actually doing drugs. But try explaining that to a bunch of officers tearing up the place. The one time my father’s connections actually bailed me out of trouble I didn’t start.
It’s a great spell, and I can see how useful it would have been with all those soldiers. Hell, it might have slowed Periss enough—well, the [Flashlight] spell works well enough just to blind people. The [Flashbang] spell is a bit more intensive, and it hits me as well which is a major problem. Since I can’t move the [Noise] spell, it’s always set to friendly fire which sucks. And there’s one more problem.
“I feel sick after using that spell just once. I don’t have the mana to keep using it.”
 
“Weakling.”
 
I glare up at the faerie dangling her cold legs on my forehead.
“As far as I understand it, magic isn’t something I can actively train myself to have more of, unless I want to alter my body somehow. What I have is what I get and I’m grateful for that. Unless you know something about magic that I don’t?”
I’m sure they do. For all I hate these faeries at times, they’re a damn goldmine of information. If they choose to share it.
Which this faerie does not. She sniffs at me, arrogant as a queen despite the fact that she’s naked and tiny.
 
“Of course we know how magic works. But why should we tell you? And how would you understand? Would ye explain breathing to a rock?”
 
“I’d give it a shot. And I could try to understand your view of magic. Unless you don’t understand your powers enough to explain it in the first place, that is?”
The faerie pauses, and I think I’ve got her. But then she laughs, clear and bright as a bell. She takes off, and a few more of her friends fly down to laugh at me as well.
 
“Ooh, look. The plaything is trying to be clever. Take this!”
 
They flick their fingers at me and I flinch. But no snow appears. I frown, take a step—
And slip on the ice patch they’ve just created. I crash to the ground, swearing as they laugh and sit on my side as I struggle to get up.
Faeries. But I guess I deserved that? Wait a second, no I didn’t. I just asked a damn question about magic. Screw their opinions about what I should or should not be allowed to learn.
But each time I talk to them, I swear it’s worth it. Bruises and all.
Plaything. That was another word they kept using. Once the faeries have stopped laughing I ask them about it.
“What do you mean when you call me ‘plaything’? I’ve heard you call me that before. Whose plaything am I? Teriarch’s?”
Huh. That makes the faeries stop laughing. They exchange a look, and I watch them. Then one of the faeries shakes her head.
 
“As if the Dragon would bother with you. Nae, ye are a plaything of greater powers still. But you don’t even know what ye’ve given up, do you?”
 
“Given up? What do you mean?”
 
