2.34
Page 9
Surely the Gnolls would have checked. She would ask when she got back. Ryoka ran up the slope, ignoring the way her feet slipped and legs cramped up.
The mountain was silent. It loomed overhead, higher and higher, the snow gradually giving away and revealing rock the higher you looked. No sane person would climb that mountain. But would a young Gnoll do that if she was afraid?
Afraid of what?
Ryoka ran upwards, calling out. Frost Faeries flew around her as Ryoka shouted, waiting, hoping for a reply.
But no one answered.
 
—-
 
“Rest. You must rest, Ryoka Griffin. Eat this.”
Ryoka looked up. Urksh was offering her something. She reached up and found he had a bone with cooked meat on it. She took it and bit, ignoring the heat and bloodiness of the food.
She wanted to keep moving, but her body had grown too tired. And the Gnolls had come back to camp, most of them, anyways. Ryoka had  gone back to see if anyone had found Mrsha, but they had not.
They hadn’t found anything.
Forest. River. The frozen lake. The higher passes. Even the few caves they knew of, both inhabited and not. The Gnoll [Hunters] and other adults had scoured each location, even travelling further than they thought Mrsha could move. But they hadn’t found any tracks or signs of her. And that was telling, because the girl would have left some fur or traces of her passing, wouldn’t she?
And now the mood in the camp had changed again. Instead of the subdued panic Ryoka had sensed earlier, now the Gnolls were silent. Completely so. The [Hunters] still conferred, but there were less of them going out to search. They had few spots left to cover.
They were giving up hope.
Urksh sat with Ryoka by one of the fires as she ate mechanically. She looked at him.
“I’ll head out again after this. Give me a few minutes.”
“You must rest. It would not do to lose you. It is beginning to snow.”
He was right. Dusk had set in, and with it, the storm had finally arrived. Thick flakes were beginning to fall from the sky, and they were only the beginning. Soon, wind and snowfall would make visibility impossible. And then—
Ryoka’s hand tightened on the bone and she nearly burned herself. She let go and wiped her hand on her pants.
“She’s not lost yet. There are places we haven’t looked. Higher in the mountains, perhaps.”
Urksh shook his head.
“She knows that there is death up there. She would not go unless she was desperate.”
“And if she was?”
His gaze was steady as he met Ryoka’s burning stare.
“If she was, she would know that there are many deep crevasses. If she fell into one, we would never hear her or catch her scent. If she survived the fall.”
Ryoka looked away and clenched her fist. Urksh looked at the sky.
“We do not think it is that. Only a monster would chase her so far, and most are too smart to go high up. The ones in the mountain are large enough to spot and smell…but another might have caught her.”
She looked at him. Urksh stared into the fire. He had searched longer than most, as long as Ryoka, and dark sweat still stained his fur.
“A Wyvern can grab even an adult up in seconds. If it swooped down, it would take only seconds.”
Ryoka stared at Urksh. But she saw the same expression on his face. Gnolls were practical. They would keep looking, but if they didn’t find her by tomorrow, then realistically Mrsha would probably be dead.
Humans might look for far longer than that, in hopes of finding a miracle or the remains. But Gnolls had to face facts or die in the wilderness.
“She’s not lost yet.”
“No. And we will search for her until we have lost all hope.”
