2.34
Page 5
She was so invisible that my heart skips a few beats when she moves. I flinch, but if she’d wanted to kill me, she would have while I was standing around like an idiot. The Gnoll is wearing only a few garments despite the cold, and her breath clouds the air. She nods at me, gravely.
“Mrr. Ryoka Griffin. I am Hekra of the Stone Spears Tribe.”
Her bow is lowered, and I relax when I hear what tribe she’s from. I smile at her.
“Sorry. I was wary—are you out hunting?”
“Hunting, yes. But not for game. There are none to be found.”
Some Gnolls are taciturn, but Hekra seems more distracted than anything else. Her eyes flick around the forest, and then to me.
“Were you talking with the Winter Sprites?”
I frown. What’s this?
“Yes. I was. Were you expecting something else to be nearby?”
She shrugs.
“I am not sure. There is something in the wind.”
Hekra hesitates, and then points out of the forest, east and to the north.
“It is dangerous to be alone. Our tribe’s camp is that way. I will take you there. Follow.”
I nod, and the Gnoll begins to walk through the snow. Not fast; in fact, she’s silent as she moves through the trees, despite the landscape. I feel like an ox as I blunder after her in my heavy shoes. And her head is scanning left and right as she moves, and her ears are twitching.
She’s listening for something. And looking. For what? A monster? Enemies?
I don’t know, but I frown as I walk after her and try to keep silent. The faeries reappear slowly as I continue moving. Perhaps they didn’t know if Hekra had been a threat or not either. Good to know they’re not omniscient. But their sudden disappearance and the news of the army following me bug me. Almost as much as Hekra’s own wariness.
Is there something out here? Something else? I follow the Gnoll as she leads me towards her tribe’s camp. And now I’m listening as well.
Where have all the animals gone?
 
—-
 
“There is nothing out here.”
Ilvriss snapped at Zel as the two Drakes marched through the snow, at the center of a huge column of soldiers and prisoners. Zel Shivertail wondered if he could ignore the other Drake, but politeness dictated he reply. Plus, Ilvriss would remember any slight.
“I’m sure there isn’t. but this is the way the Human Runner went, and I want to follow for a bit.”
Wall Lord Ilvriss glared at Zel. He was a prisoner, as was the bulk of his army. They’d surrendered fast after Zel had charged their lines and they’d realized their leader had been captured. Now Zel was marching with a huge number of them captive among his lines.
He wasn’t worried about the prisoners trying to stage an escape or attacking in his army’s sleep. For one thing, his soldiers were on alert and for another, it would violate the laws of war and Ilvriss’ own sense of honor. Say what you would about the Lord of the Wall, but the Drake was honorable. He’d as soon break the rules of warfare as he would cut off his own tail.
That was also why Ilvriss was marching next to Zel in the snow. He’d even been allowed to keep his armor; it was cold, he needed his dignity, and without his sword Zel could trounce him with one claw tied behind his back.
None of that improved Ilvriss’ mood.
“This is pointless, Shivertail. We should be headed back to your damn alliance cities so I can be ransomed. You are wasting time following a Human who is long gone.”
“She can’t have gotten that far.”
“Oh, really?”
Ilvriss made a sound that in a lesser Drake would have been called a snort. Zel thought of it a snort anyways.
“Didn’t you see her escape? At that speed—”
