2.34
Page 4
“Some rules may be broken. Some may not. But we speak to you now because your life is not in danger. We will not save ye if you were to fall off a cliff, say. We do not interfere with death.”
 
For a second her eyes are ancient again. I shiver.
“Because of the price? Or because it’s forbidden?”
 
“All things have a price. Ye would do well to remember that.”
 
Silence follows that statement. I mean, what the hell do I say to that? I clear my throat as I try and force my legs to move faster.
“Well. Ah, I will remember. But thank you for helping me before. With everything.”
I wonder if they broke the rules a bit to help me get to Az’kerash? True, I might not have been in danger of dying until I got in sight of the castle, but—
The faerie eyes me as if she can see inside my head. And if she can see on different planes, why not? But she nods.
 
“You are a curious mortal. Almost interesting, even though ye art a fool.”
 
“This mortal does have a name, you know. My name is Ryoka Griffin.”
 
“Good for it.”
 
I glare at the faerie. But part of me actually wants her to know my name. This is not like the phone call with the person who wanted to scry on us or Teriarch. This is a faerie. I want her to remember my name and—
“What’s your name?”
I look at the faerie, and realize I’ve never asked. I thought faeries didn’t even have names, but perhaps they do. She looks at me.
 
“Why should I tell you? Names are important and not to be thrown around lightly, Ryoka Griffin.”
 
Damn. Was that a mistake? But they can find me and mess with me even without a name. I shrug.
“I’m just curious.”
 
“Curiosity has killed many cats. Few come back. Besides, ye would never pronounce it.”
 
“Try me.”
The faerie stares at me archly as I raise an eyebrow at her. Okay, it’s clichéd, but faeries don’t know modern tropes and taunting them often works. She opens her mouth, hesitates, and then vanishes.
“What?”
I blink. One second she’s there, the next…wind and silence. Why? Did I bother her that much? Did I offend her by asking for her name?
Faeries. Let’s see. Names…ah, they’re bad to give to faeries. But I told her my first and last name, and my first name is in kanji, so that would make it difficult for her to control me. I don’t even think they’re that evil, but I didn’t mention my middle name either.
Maybe it’s just because she didn’t want to answer? But even when they get snippy they still talk. So what—?
Hold on. Hold on. The faeries don’t disappear except in one case. When they can’t interf—
I look around. I’ve kept walking as I talked to the faeries. Hell, it’s practically my default state of motion. I’ve gone a small ways into the forest, and the trees were sparsely planted so I have plenty of room to walk between them. All is silent, and I don’t even see any animals.
…And neither do I hear any birds, which I would expect to hear in a place like this. Even in the winter there should be some around.
Immediately I lower my stance. My body’s sore, but it can move. I can cast [Flashbang] if need be, but I have no more potions or bags. I look around warily. Nothing but trees, and yet the faeries are gone.
“I know someone’s out there. Come out!”
Silence. Even the wind is still. I look around.
“Show yourself!”
For a few seconds I’m tense, waiting. I can’t see anything that makes me think there’s someone nearby, but now my skin is crawling and I’m sure there is something there.
And then someone steps out behind a tree that seems far too slim to hide them. A Gnoll walks out from behind the brown, snowy bark, holding a bow in her hands.
