2.34
Page 1
The Necromancer. Az’kerash. Perril Chandler. I remember what I saw him creating, and my stomach heaves.
“Oh right. The letter.”
I pause.
“Fuck that dragon.”
I hate him so damn much. One of the faeries hears me muttering and floats down to laugh at me.
 
“What’s wrong? Is it not what ye expected?”
 
I glare at the faerie. How is it that I’ve probably talked to these floating freaks more than anyone else in this world or—most of my life?
“When I get told to deliver—no, when a Dragon casts a spell on me to do a delivery and pays me nearly a thousand gold pieces to send something to a legendary Necromancer, I expect it to be important.”
 
“Hah!”
 
The faerie laughs in my face. She flips upwards and settles on my head. For some reason they really like sitting there. I’m not sure if she’s one I’ve talked to before; I think she is, but I’m not being racist when I say they really all do look alike. It’s hard to make out frozen features on minutiae, alright?
 
“If it was important, the Dragon would have used magic, fool! But he had no wish to break through the dead raiser’s wards and he wished to be polite. More fool you for thinking what ye carried was valuable.”
 
I grit my teeth, but she has a point. If Teriarch can alter memory and disguise himself as a Human – and if he can teleport me all the way back to Celum in a few seconds – he really doesn’t need even the best Couriers.
Polite damn Dragons. Who would have guessed?
“Fine. Whatever. Get off my head. You’re giving me a headache.”
 
“Ooh, and what will you do if I don’t?”
 
I raise my finger and point it at the faerie.
“[Flashlight].”
For a second the world around me lights up, and the faerie shouts in surprise. I grin as she takes off; swearing in what sounds like…Welsh? Their accents seem to vary between faeries, which is odd, but not so much if you assume they occupied different parts of Europe. I could swear I heard one of the faeries talking with a German accent, but they might have just been messing with my head.
But of course, any action against faeries prompts a greater or equal reaction. She dumps snow on my head. I swear and flash her again.
With my finger. It shines into the sky, so bright I can see the beam even in the light of the day. It turns out that I can adjust the intensity of the light very well, and so I blind the faerie again.
 
“Ye daft bugger!”
 
She flies around erratically, as I shine my light at her, and then she stops, flies back on my head, and grins at me.
 
“Ah, well. ‘Twas quite a good surprise!”
 
That’s faeries for you. Insult them a bit and they’ll hound you, but do something like that and they just regard it as a bit of fun. I’m starting to understand them more, but they always surprise me a bit. The faerie on my head doesn’t even seem to mind the light anymore. I frown at her as I walk on, trying to substitute the pain in my head by thinking about faeries.
“Did you just turn off your eyes or something?”
 
“What? Are ye stupid? Nae. I just saw past the light, ‘tis all.”
 
“…I see.”
Multiple layers of vision? Obviously a faerie might have access to all kinds of spectrums of light. But even that might be too simple; she could very well just ignore the light on my wavelength if she wanted to. Huh.
A tiny head lowers into my line of sight as the faerie grins at me.
 
“If you really wanted to surprise us, ye’d do better to make the loud sound and noise along with the light!”
 
“What? Oh—you mean the [Flashbang] spell.”
