2.34
Page 10
He stood. Ryoka hesitated, and stood with him.
“Magic?”
If they had any, they would have used it. Urksh shook his head.
“Our [Shaman] knows no spells that will aid us. He can heal and fight but little more.”
“A beacon, then. If she’s just lost, maybe we can show her the way back. I have a spell that might—”
Again the Gnoll shook his head.
“She knows where we are camped. And we should not draw too much attention to ourselves. Not tonight.”
He looked at her.
“There is something in the mountains. We have sensed it.”
Ryoka nodded. She had too. She pointed, and the Gnoll looked up.
“The Frost Faeries seem to think there’s something out there too. They disappeared when I met Hekra—I think they were expecting something else. They won’t help if someone’s life is in danger, and there’s that army…”
She’d told Urksh about the army coming this way when she’d remembered. He’d simply shrugged. Gnoll Tribes had their own peace treaties, and the Stone Spears had no issues with any Drakes at the moment.
“If there is something we will fight or flee. We have watchers and there is nowhere to hide in this flat space. But we dare not send the entire tribe out to look any longer.”
Ryoka nodded.
“I’ll keep looking. Don’t worry about sending someone with me.”
Urksh looked at her directly.
“You will not find her by searching the same places again, Ryoka Griffin. Do not waste your strength.”
Ryoka bent down and tried to tie the wrappings around her feet even tighter. She’d begun to get frostbite by the time she’d returned, but she’d been able to run far faster like this. It was worth the pain, especially since she could use the healing poultice.
“I have to look.”
“If you had a location, I would go with you myself. But this is a vast wilderness. Who will tell you where she has gone?”
She tried to ignore the voice of reason. Gritting her teeth, Ryoka bent to touch her toes and tried to stretch.
“I don’t know. I just have to h—”
She paused. Who would help her search? Gnolls were experts in this terrain. The Stone Spears knew every spot in the area. Who would be better at tracking than they were? Who could see—?
Her eyes travelled upwards.
The Frost Faeries. They’d been so silent as Ryoka searched. They hadn’t disappeared, but they hadn’t said anything. Normally they’d be showering Ryoka with remarks and jokes, but now they were just watching.
Perhaps they were worried about Mrsha too. They liked children. But maybe there was more to it than that.
“We are forbidden to help in mortal affairs.”
Ryoka said the words very quietly. Urksh looked at her, and another Gnoll’s ears twitched across the camp.
“What do you mean by these words, Ryoka Griffin?”
The faeries weren’t looking at Ryoka. They were staring elsewhere, but she knew they knew she was watching them. And their eyes were good. They could sense an army on the move a day away, and they’d known when the hiding Gnoll was there. They could see through a Necromancer’s enchantments, and even a Dragon’s.
“They know.”
All the Gnolls looked up. The Frost Faeries stared down, faces expressionless as Ryoka pointed at them.
“I want to speak with you.”
One flew down. Urksh’s eyes narrowed and he squinted just to the left of the faerie, but Ryoka just stared grimly at the faerie as she flew in front of the Human girl and the Gnoll Chieftain.
 
“What do you want, mortal?”
 
“You know where Mrsha is, don’t you?”
The faerie looked at Ryoka silently. Her face wasn’t filled with mirth or mischief or any of her normal range of emotions. It was old again. Old and timeless and terribly dispassionate.
 
“What if we do?”
 
