2.34
Page 7
Before, the camp had been sprawling chaos, but organized for all of that. Children had run around freely, and Gnolls had been at work performing various tasks.
Now though, the camp looked like it was under lockdown. The children were nowhere to be seen, but Ryoka thought they were in the tents. Gnolls with bows and spears stood at the edges of the camp, and groups of them moved into the camp and out of it, talking with Urksh before heading out again.
Something was clearly wrong, and Ryoka jogged over.
“Urksh.”
He looked at her.
“Ryoka Griffin. I am pleased to see you well. But this is a bad time for greetings. Forgive me if I do not offer you all the hospitality.”
“No. That’s fine. But what’s wrong?”
Urksh nodded to Hekra and she trotted off to join a group of hunters heading out. Urksh watched them go and shook his head before he looked at Ryoka.
“Mrsha. She is missing.”
A hole opened up in Ryoka’s stomach. She stared at Urksh.
“How?”
He shrugged.
“We do not know. This morning she went out to help gather plants from beneath the snow. She wandered from the gatherer with her and we have not seen her.”
“She just left? Did anyone hear anything?”
“No. But that is not uncommon. Young cubs, they wander a mile or two away to help or play.”
That seemed like a risky way of looking after children, but Urksh explained.
“Even if they are a ways away, children may howl. And we take care that they do not enter places where any monsters may lurk. She was only gone for a few minutes, but when the caretaker searched, she was nowhere to be found.”
“Wouldn’t she have said where she was going?”
Urksh shook his head. Ryoka knew she was asking all the stupid questions, but she had to. Her stomach was beginning to churn. Mrsha? It seemed like just yesterday she’d seen the Gnoll rolling in the snow and following her about.
“Mrsha is different, no? She is healthy, yet she does not speak though her throat is undamaged.”
“Is she mute?”
The Gnoll looked at Ryoka, confused. Did they not have mute Gnolls? She shook her head.
“Can she make any sounds?”
Urksh nodded.
“Yelping, growls. Small sounds. She is young, but even children can howl. That we have not heard her is worrying.”
It was a terrible question, but Ryoka had to ask.
“…Could she have gotten hurt? Injured? If a monster—”
The Gnoll instantly shook his head, which made Ryoka feel better.
“If she was attacked, she would have made a sound, no? And if she were dead, we would smell blood. No. Something scared her as she was wandering. That, or else she went looking for something.”
There was an inflection in his tone that made Ryoka hesitate.
“Something? What kind of thing?”
The Gnoll Chieftain did not immediately respond. He looked towards the sky. It was just past midday, but the storm clouds the faeries had warned Ryoka about were closing in.
“A smell in the air. It is faint. And it may be nothing, but some of our hunters feel as though they are being watched.”
He looked at Ryoka.
“Normally we would have more searching. But the miners, they are not back, no? We have not the numbers to mount a search.”
He was worried. Ryoka could tell in the way he changed his manner of speech. Gnolls usually said ‘yes’ at the end of sentences, but they only used ‘no’ when they were upset or angry.
“You can’t get in contact with them?”
He hesitated.
“We may howl, but they are a few day’s journey away. If we do not find Mrsha before the storm comes…”
He didn’t finish the sentence. If there were tracks, or…a body, they would be covered by the deep snow. And even if the young Gnoll was alive, could she survive that cold a night?
