2.34
Page 6
“At that speed, I’d be surprised if she could sustain it for more than five minutes. And afterwards, she’d have to rest. Potion or not, there are limits to what bodies can handle.”
“The Human’s tracks might be there, but she is still a Runner. She is far faster than this slow army.”
“True, but I want to head this way anyways.”
“Why?”
“Curiosity. She helped me win the battle, if you don’t recall? And there is also the matter of Periss and the soldiers you sent after her.”
Ilvriss looked at Zel out of the corner of one eye. He and Zel hadn’t talked much aside from the ritual offer of surrender and a few short acerbic conversations while they were marching. He shrugged.
“She disappeared. She must have lost the battle.”
“You can’t believe that.”
Zel knew Lord Ilvriss, and he also knew Periss. The very idea that she would have lost a fight to the girl named Ryoka Griffin was ridiculous, and both generals knew it. But Ilvriss just shook his head.
“I will not speculate. I will investigate this matter when I am restored to my city with all the power and resources I have, however. The city we are marching away from as we speak.”
Well, that didn’t bode well for the Human. Zel sighed.
“We can go this way until we hit the main road. Then we’ll start moving south. A day or two of detouring won’t slow us, unless you have another army waiting in ambush?”
Ilvriss shook his head.
“Would I need one? My army would have defeated yours easily. If—”
“Yes, yes.”
Zel ignored the Wall Lord as he walked ahead. He’d deployed heavy scouts ahead of his main army. He didn’t know why, but his instincts were telling him to do so.
He was no [Tactician] or even a [Strategist]. Zel had ranks in the [Commander] class, but only that. In truth, he was a [General] who led from the front and he did his best fighting when he trusted his gut.
And his gut told him there was something else. Not just the Human; she was interesting and possibly important, but there was another presence in these empty forests and highlands.
Zel tightened his fist and silently assessed his condition. His army might be battered, but they were more than capable of managing the prisoners and Ilvriss. With him, they were more than a match for any army a city-state might field, with the exception of the Liscorian army and a few others. But Liscor had sent their mercenaries far to the south. So what was making him so uneasy?
He didn’t know. But Zel ordered the pace to be picked up. The supply lines could damn well catch up later. He had a mystery to solve.
He hated mysteries. This foreboding he felt reminded him of the Antinium and if it was them—
No Hives were allowed to be constructed outside of the six already present on the continent. Even then, they weren’t allowed to expand past certain borders. It wasn’t beyond belief though that the Antinium might hide something this far out here. How else would the girl have made Periss vanish like that?
It was an outside chance. But if it wasn’t the Antinium out here, he wanted to know what it was.
And if it was an unauthorized Hive…Zel’s claws clenched. If it was, it would mean another Antinium War.
He hoped it wouldn’t come to that. But he had to investigate. So Zel marched onwards, wondering. Listening.
What was it?
 
—-
 
Ryoka walked into the Stone Spears camp, smiling as she saw Urksh, the Chieftain of the tribe, standing at one of the huge bonfires the Gnolls liked to make. But that smile faded as she took in the camp.
It was not the same place she had left.
