2.34
Page 11
“Tell me where she is.”
The faerie shook her head.
 
“This is no concern of ours, mortal. And we are bound not to interfere with your lives.”
 
“Tell me.”
Urksh looked at Ryoka. She remembered that he couldn’t see her. She looked at him.
“They know.”
Instantly, the Gnoll grabbed for the faerie, but she just flew around his hands and froze his paws. He growled, but suddenly all the faeries were around the Gnoll. The other Gnolls in the camp had seized their weapons, but they hesitated as the central fire and then all the fires in the Gnoll camp suddenly went out.
There was a dangerous look on the faeries’ faces.
 
“We are not bound by your rules, but ours, mortal. And ours are ancient as time itself. We do not interfere with your concerns.”
 
“What if I offered you a trade? Something worth breaking the rules?”
Ryoka had no idea what that could be. But she was desperate. The Frost Faerie looked at her and shook her head.
 
“You have naught that would suffice. And the price is too much for you to bear.”
 
Urksh hissed as he cracked the ice on his fur. He looked at Ryoka.
“What do they say?”
“We don’t have anything they want. And Urksh—I think they’re not allowed to help us.”
He shook his head and stared at the faeries.
“We cannot force them?”
The faeries stared at Urksh dispassionately. Ryoka shook her head hard, noting the other Gnolls and the bows they were not quite raising.
“Don’t try. Please. They might do a lot of damage to you, and I’m not even sure you can hurt them.”
Urksh stared hard at the faeries, but eventually nodded. Bows were lowered, but the expression remained. Now everyone was staring at the faeries, and they were watching Ryoka. Silently.
“There has to be something I can offer. Something you want.”
 
“You have nothing you can give us, Human.”
 
And if a faerie said it, it was probably true. But Ryoka couldn’t leave it like this.
She turned away from the faeries. Not to leave; but to pace. Urksh watched her silently as Ryoka walked back and forth.
Think. Think of faeries. They made deals. They never gave anything without asking for that much or more in return. They…honored their word.
None of this could help. Not if they didn’t want to make a deal. Or couldn’t.
“Stories?”
But stories weren’t enough. Not for a life. Not if this was what Ryoka thought it was. Think. What could she do to faeries? Nothing. She was like dust in the wind compared to them. She had nothing to threaten them. Nothing to offer them. Then, what did they want?
Ryoka looked up. Faeries. She had nothing to give them, but they were still faeries.
“Do you want Mrsha to die? Is that why you’re not helping?”
Urksh stirred. He looked at the faeries. They stirred too. And now there was anger in their expressions. The temperature in the air lowered again, and Ryoka began to shiver uncontrollably as one floated closer to her, eyes narrowed.
 
“Do you think we are Sluagh, mortal? Do ye think we delight in the suffering and death of innocents? Nae. We are no Redcaps nor Finfolk to delight in death of children. We are not monsters. Speak carefully lest ye offend us.”
 
It was hard, so hard to meet the small gaze in front of her. But Ryoka did it. She spoke to the faerie defiantly.
“But you’d let a child die.”
 
“Because there are rules.”
 
The faerie hissed at Ryoka, and the girl felt parts of her face go numb from the intense cold around her. The faerie was like an avatar of frost, a thing of primordial, endless cold.
“But you could help.”
 
“You have nothing to offer.”
 
“But you want to help, don’t you?”
