2.34
Page 12
And the faerie hesitated. Just for a second. Ryoka went on, speaking quickly.
“We have nothing to offer, but if there is a price, I’ll pay it.”
Urksh interrupted.
“We will. The Stone Spears will bear any price for our young.”
He couldn’t have known the other side of the conversation, but he put a paw on Ryoka’s shoulder and gripped her hard. She nodded at him.
The faerie was silent for a long time. She stared back at her fellows, and then looked at Ryoka. And there was something else in her expression. A bit of sadness?
 
“You do not know what you offer. The price is too great, mortals. Do not ask.”
 
“Please.”
Ryoka bowed her head, bowed in front of the faeries. Urksh did the same. Across the camp, she sensed Gnolls doing likewise. The faeries floated above her head, silent judges.
 
“The price is always the same. Life for life. Death for death. And even if there is not death, you ask much of the fates.”
 
Fate. The word sent a chill down Ryoka’s spine. Was this all fated? She was too afraid to ask.
“Please. Give her a chance. I’m asking you—as one who called the fae her friend. As someone who needs help. Please. For a child. For life.”
The wind began to pick up. Overhead, the snow began to fall harder. The faerie glowed in the darkness, but not with any light to chase away the horrors of the night. The glow she gave off was terrible and beautiful, but it was not kind.
 
“Very well. So it is agreed. We promise nothing, but we will offer you a chance.”
 
Ryoka looked up. Urksh stared at her as she stood.
“What do we need to do?”
 
“Only follow. And only you.”
 
She pointed at Ryoka. The girl hesitated, and turned to Urksh.
“I need to go alone. They’ll take me to her.”
He grabbed her. The old Gnoll’s eyes were full of fear, but also hope.
“Go. Please. And take this—”
He hurried inside a tent, barking orders. Gnolls scattered, and then one came towards Ryoka holding a torch. It was wood coated with resin, and the Gnoll muttered words to get it to light. He must have been the [Shaman].
Urksh came out of the tent holding bottles. Potions. He handed them to Ryoka.
“For healing. Take. And this.”
He gave her something else. Ryoka stared at it.
“What is this? A rope?”
He nodded as he helped store it in Ryoka’s pack. The rope was unlike the gear she had seen Gnolls use. It was long and thin and light, and it seemed to coil itself naturally as Ryoka put it into her equipment.
“It is magical. It will stretch a long ways. If you go where I fear, you will need it.”
Another Gnoll came over with a fur coat, and another, small enough for a child. It was hard to wrestle them into her pack, but Ryoka discarded her clothes and everything she didn’t need to make room.
“I’ll go. I don’t know what the faeries will ask or if I might fail. This is like—”
She hesitated. It reminded Ryoka a bit of an old Greek myth, like the tale of Orpheus. Quests involving life and death always ended badly. But she had to try.
“—It could be bad. If I don’t return, don’t send anyone after me.”
Urksh nodded. He grasped Ryoka by the shoulders.
“Go. With all our hopes. Save her, we beg of you.”
He lowered his head. Ryoka grabbed his arm and squeezed it once. Then she turned. The faeries were still floating overhead, watching.
“I’m ready.”
 
“Follow, then. And quickly. May ye not regret your choice.”
 
With that, the faerie flew off. North, towards the mountain. Ryoka didn’t hesitate. She ran after them, as fast as she could. She ran across the open plain, picking up speed, and then uphill as the land began to rise.
