2.35
Page 3
There is safety in numbers, and he is worried. But he dares not move his camp. If Ryoka returns with Mrsha, they will need to find them here.
So the Stone Spears wait, watching the darkness. And the darkness watches back. Silent shapes spread out across the highlands, slowly encircling the Stone Spears tribe’s camp in a vast net, waiting.
Waiting.
 
—-
 
How long has it been? I can’t tell. Hours? Just an hour? Perhaps. It feels like hours.
My hands are raw and cut and blistered. Despite the gloves I have on, they’re not enough. The jagged rock and rough handholds I can find cut into my skin, but I ignore the pain.
How high am I? High. I’ve been climbing for a while, and still the faeries lead me onwards. I can’t believe Mrsha got this high up, but the route we’re taking isn’t impossible for a kid, especially not a young Gnoll.
Especially not if she was being chased.
My feet slip, and my arms windmill as I nearly slip down the slope in the darkness. Careful. I push myself back up and look around.
“Okay. Where n—?”
The faeries are gone. One second they were ahead of me, leading the way, and now they’re not. I look around, heart beating fast. It’s dark. I had to toss away the torch the Gnolls gave me a while back to use both hands. Without the faeries, the side of the mountain is full of shadows.
“[Light].”
A ball of yellow light appears in my hand and flies upwards. I stare around, but see only rock and dirt where everything isn’t covered by snow.
But if the faeries aren’t here.
“Mrsha!”
I raise my voice and cup my hands to my mouth. My legs are exhausted, but I don’t dare sit. And neither do I dare take any more steps. The ground looks stable, but—
“Mrsha! Can you hear me?”
 
—-
 
She is going to die. Mrsha knows it. It makes her cry, but she only sheds a few tears because it hurts when they freeze on her fur.
She is going to die. She shouldn’t have strayed so far away. But she’d wanted to chase a snow hare, and then she’d smelled the thing and it had leapt out at her—
She shudders. It is so cold. Her eyes are flickering, but Mrsha knows she must stay awake. But what is the point if she’s not going to be rescued?
The Gnoll child sits with her back against a stone and breathes more slowy. She is so tired. But then her ears hear it. The faintest of sounds, and then—louder.
“—sha!”
The Gnoll looks up. There it is again.
“Mrsha! Can you hear me?”
It’s a voice! A familiar voice! It’s not the sound of any of the elders Mrsha knows, or any of her playmates. But she knows this voice even so. It’s from the Human, the one who tells stories.
How is she here? But Mrsha hears the Human shouting, and sits up. Someone came for her.
Hope. 
She raises her voice and howls upwards, desperately. With all her strength.
She wants Ryoka to find her. She wants to be saved. She doesn’t want to die here alone.
Not like that thing.
 
—-
 
I’m shouting, but I hear nothing. The wind is blowing around me, and I can’t feel my face. There’s so much snow.
Am I too late? My heart is shuddering. Is that why the faeries left? Because they’ve given up hope?
“Mrsha!”
There’s no response. I’m too late.
But then I hear it. A sound, growing louder. A wild howling, high-pitched and frantic, like and unlike any animal’s call I’ve ever heard.
Mrsha.
I stumble in the direction of the call, and then stop.
“Stop damn you…think!”
Think. I can’t blunder ahead blindly. If I die now, she dies.
