2.35
Page 9
Mute. She’s mute. I look around, and see a paw pointing just to my right. I don’t hesitate and immediately take off running that way.
Arms burning. Legs aching. I’m at the end of my tether. But I have to keep going. I can’t slow down, not now.
How many Goblins are around us? The blizzard is still pouring snow, but I swear the sky is orange now, and there are glowing lights on the horizon.
Goblins.
Mrsha screams in my ear and I see shapes ahead of me. More? They’re coming at me, but they’ve doused their torches to try and hide. I run around them and sense something fly past my back. The little Gnoll on my back is screaming.
She’s a target. If they aim at my head, they’ll hit her. But I can’t do anything. I can only run faster.
Mrsha is howling, loud and anxious. I want to tell her to shut up, but she’s trying to call for help, and the Goblins know we’re here already.
She taps my arm and points. That way. I change directions, trying to get traction. But the loose snow is making me slow. And I’m carrying Mrsha. I could put her down and let her run—
No. Keep moving.
A forest ahead. I hesitate. They could be hiding there. But go around? It’s too far. I take a deep breath and charge in.
Something steps out of the trees. Mrsha screams again, but I kick the Goblin in the chest and run the other way. Deeper into the forest. They’re jumping out around me, but I bull rush another and break out of the trees with a horde of them on my tail.
Open plains. We’re getting closer now. Mrsha’s tapping my head again, and she points me further to the left. I run on.
“Got to—”
We’re going to make it. I have to believe that. But then I see more torches moving rapidly to my left. So I turn right. But there are more torches that way.
And ahead—
The two groups of Goblins race ahead of us, encircling our position. I slow, and then there are Goblins all around us.
Mrsha is silent. Slowly, I stop, in a circle of armed warriors. They’re closing in.
“Ah.”
I guess this is how it ends. I put down Mrsha in the snow. Gently. My heart is thundering in my ears.
“I guess it’s because you’re not a killer.”
Erin’s words echo in my ears for some reason. I stare at the Goblins and slowly pull away my coat. No time to take off any more layers. They watch, silently, as I discard what clothing I can.
Get lighter. Stay out of reach. They’re not shooting up, which is a mercy. But I can see it in their human expressions. They want to cut us apart. Make it slow.
Ah, Erin. For some reason I remember that Goblin she introduced me to. Rags. Would she be part of this? Is this her tribe? I doubt it.
I raise my fists, slowly, as the Goblin warriors advance. Mrsha is at my side, but I nudge her away.
“Stay back. Run if you see an opening.”
Hollow words. Where will she run to? But maybe she has a chance if she can get ahead of them. She outran one.
Erin. If I were at her inn, I could bar the doors and stay safe. Why am I thinking of the inn?
One of the Goblins steps forward. It’s the leader, the one I blinded. He bares his teeth at me.
The inn. My heart is racing. My hands are clenched into fists. It will be hard to kick in the snow.
I really just want to sit in front of the fire again and lose a few games of chess to her. I want to sit in her inn and listen to people talk and laugh. I want—
I want to live.
Their blades are sharp.
“If.”
And then he runs at me, and I raise my leg—
 
—-
 
This is what Mrsha saw. In the dark storm, as snow fell all around her, the small Gnoll huddled close to the ground, watching as shapes and shadows fought in the flickering light.
