2.35
Page 15
A Gnoll struggled in Ryoka’s arms. A small shape, a small child cried out as Ryoka left her tribe behind. Two innocent eyes watched as adults and children fell, dying. She cried out, but Ryoka didn’t listen. The Human ran on, until the last lights of the Goblin army were far behind them.
At last, the faeries stopped, and Ryoka slowed, coming to a stop in knee-deep snow. She wavered, her head and body completely empty.
A faerie flew down in front of Ryoka, face expressionless. But there was sadness in her eyes, and Ryoka knew without asking what the cost had been.
“Can you…really see fate?”
Was it all pointless? Was it all preordained? The faerie just looked at Ryoka. Just looked.
“If there is destiny, I defy it. I will not bow to fate.”
They were meaningless words. If there was fate, there was no way she could fight against it. But she had to believe. Tears fell from Ryoka’s eyes. Tears that mixed with the blood on her body. Ryoka lifted her right hand and stared at the two stumps.
A small price to pay. Not enough, though.
Urksh. Ryoka bent down and put Mrsha in the snow. The Gnoll child looked up at Ryoka, and the Human blinked.
“Oh. Your fur.”
At some point in that endless run, something had happened. Mrsha’s brown fur had changed. From the colorful forest brown, it had become pure white, as white as snow. Blood and grime darkened the child’s face, but it was not hers.
“I’m so sorry.”
The Gnoll child said not a word. Her eyes were filled with tears. Ryoka stared at Mrsha’s fur, and then looked at the faeries. She gazed at the faerie in front of her, and saw immortal eyes. Tired eyes. A reflection.
“Next time I will save them all. Or die trying.”
Ryoka thought she said the words. She blinked, and then collapsed, falling face-first into the snow.
Mrsha looked at the fallen Human and slowly reached out to shake her. Ryoka didn’t move.
Overhead, the faeries exchanged a look. They nodded, and began to spin around in a wide circle overhead. Mrsha stared upwards as the snow falling from overhead stopped. And then the air began to warm.
All around Ryoka and the Gnoll, the snow began to melt. The child stared around, wild-eyed as grass and flowers began to grow upwards, creating a soft bed of new life around the two.  The air was warm, and for a second, the frozen crystal of the Frost Faeries’ skin changed, and grew brighter. The colors of spring ran through their bodies, bright and green, the color of grass and sunlight and clear blue skies.
But then the moment was past, and the faeries were ice and winter again. They hovered in the sky, above the small sanctuary they had formed. Ryoka slept on, unheeding. A voice spoke in her mind, a toneless, emotionless announcement delivering a message into her mind.
 
[Barefoot Runner Class Obtained!]
[Barefoot Runner Level 8!]
[Skill – Flawless Stride obtained!]
[Skill – Enhanced Movement obtained!]
[Skill – Dangersense obtained!]
 
[Skill – Final Run Learne—
 
“Nae, she will not be learning anything. Not from you at least. Leave the fool alone, ye thing of dead gods. She is different.”
 
[Level Ups Cancelled]
 
Mrsha raised her head. She heard nothing of the faeries’ words, knew nothing of what had passed. She touched the motionless Human, and raised her head towards the moon. It shone down around the clear patch of grass and flowers blooming in the center of the snowy wasteland.
She howled up at it, her voice loud and wild, filled with grief.
But no one answered her call. And so Mrsha howled and howled into the night, alone. Knowing that she was alone.
