2.35
Page 6
I look at Mrsha. She’s staring upwards, hopefully. Maybe she thinks there are others nearby. I hate to disappoint her, but she’s got to know what I’m going to do.
“Mrsha.”
She looks at me, full of hope. I’m the adult here; she’s relying on me. It makes my stomach twist.
“I’m going to get you to safety, okay? But you need to listen to me.”
She nods. I tell her what I’m going to do.
“I’m going to tie a harness around you. Uh, that’s this rope. It will help me lift you up. And then I’m going to climb to the top and pull you up. I’m not going to leave you, okay?”
She stares at me. Does she even get it? But then she nods, a small motion. I take a breath.
“Okay. Lift your arm.”
At least I know how to make a rope harness. I stretch the rope further, looping it securely around Mrsha’s legs and around her groin, tying bowline knots. Now square knots here, fisherman’s knots…
She doesn’t wriggle much, but she stares at the rope harness in confusion. Again, not something Gnolls are used to I guess.
“Don’t worry. I’ll be able to pull you up. Now—”
I stare upwards. Now comes the hard part.
To make all this work, I need to climb to the top of the crevasse. By myself. Without any handholds except the rope.
I can’t do this. My arms are already tired and so is the rest of my body. But I have to.
I hesitate for a minute as Mrsha stares at me, but her eyes are what make me move. Making sure she’s out of the way, I jump up—
And grab the rope.
Immediately, my legs tangle around the bottom of the rope. I fumble blindly with my feet, until I’m wedging the rope between my boots. One boot goes up, and the other steps on the rope, trapping it, giving me a way to stand and support myself. But that’s only if I can climb. So I take a deep breath, lift my hand, and begin.
One hand goes up and I pull myself up. And then another. At first I get up the rope fast, and Mrsha makes sounds of encouragement, running around below until I shout at her to stop. I can’t handle the sway.
It’s been a long time since I climbed a rope. Too long. I haven’t been working out my upper body as much since I came to this world, and hell, I don’t remember the last time I went climbing. And I’m so tired.
Pull. Acquire the rope with my legs. Stand. Pull. Already I can feel the shaking weakness in my arms.
Why didn’t the faeries say to bring anyone else? Why me? Because I asked? How can I do this?
My arms burn as I pull myself up. I nearly let go as my muscles start to give and quickly stand on the rope again.
I can’t do this. My arms are going to give out. But I have to. I have to—!
Somehow I pull myself up again. Impossible. I’m not this strong. But I can do it. This world—what’s happening to me?
Again. And again. Screaming inside my head. Up. I can’t pause or it’s over.
It’s so far up. Just twenty feet? Feels like forever.
I’m wearing too much gear. My winter clothes—should have taken them off. Should have rested. Told Mrsha that. But too late now. I pull myself up again, and see the top.
So damn close. Pull. Grip. Pull. Grip. Pull—
One hand lets go of the rope and reaches around the precipice. I grab desperately, and then pull—
“Up, damn you—!”
Slowly, slowly, my body lifts over the ridge. I hear Mrsha making sounds below me, but I can only focus on pulling myself up. Every fiber of strength I have left goes into getting myself up and over—!
