2.35
Page 1
All of these things would make finding Mrsha impossible. And I must find her. I must. But I only get a chance.
Fate. That’s what the faeries mentioned. I look up at them as I run, gasping for air. My legs are burning already. I shouldn’t run so fast.
 
“Why do ye slow?”
 
One of the faeries flies down as she notices I’ve reduced my speed. I shake my head, but I need to answer, so I gasp a reply.
“Conserving energy.”
I have to. If I go full-throttle I’ll run out of gas far too quickly. And I know I’ll need a lot more in all likelihood.
The faerie shakes her head in disapproval.
 
“Strange. You mortals have strange ways. Why run slower to run faster later?”
 
I don’t know if I should talk to her. Wasting energy? But anything I can get out of the silent faeries is important.
“If you know how close I am, just tell me and I’ll run as fast as I can.”
The faerie looks at me, unsmiling.
 
“Do not ask for more than you were given, mortal. We are breaking a rule now, to give you a chance.”
 
“But is it fate? Do you know what will happen?”
That’s the question that lurks in my heart. Fate. Is this all some grand scheme? If it is—
The faerie stares at me with cold eyes and flies upwards. I watch her go, frustrated. She won’t tell me. But why would immortals tell playthings anything? If we are that simple, why bother at all with us?
I think I understand why they are so disdainful of us. The real question is why they even bother to talk at all.
Fragments of immortality. Eternal stories. Children. These are the things the fae love. So perhaps that’s why they’re helping.
But either way, the rest is up to me. So I increase my pace, just a bit.
There’s a rhythm to running. I’ve done marathons, and I know enough about running on uneven terrain to move quickly. But I am so slow compared to how I would be barefoot and without all these clothes.
The faeries fly on, overhead. They lead me around a forest, up a slope, and onwards. I recognize where we are, now. I’ve come this way earlier today.
We arrive at the place where Mrsha was last seen. A hill where edible plants hide underneath the snow. Countless feet have trampled the snow, but the faeries don’t even pause when they come to it. They fly north, up from the hill, towards the mountain.
Urksh was right. If there was a place Mrsha ran, it was up there. It’s a place where the Gnolls wouldn’t have searched that hard. Go too high up, and you’d be lost forever. No one can hear or smell you if you get buried underneath an avalanche.
I run upwards, up the slope. My legs—I run up the hill, and then higher still. I can’t stop.
Please, let me not be too late.
 
—-
 
She is cold. Mrsha sneezes and whimpers in the place she cannot escape from. She is very cold.
She has never been this cold before. The winter air is freezing her. Normally, she would be back in the camp her tribe makes, huddling with others for warmth in a tent or sitting near a fire, so near her fur would be in danger of catching on fire…
Just the thought makes Mrsha moan, but she’s too tired and frightened to make any larger sounds. At first, she had howled and cried out for aid, but no one came.
She knows she went too far up. She knows. All the elders told her again and again, never to come up this far. She knows they cannot find her here.
But she had no choice. Mrsha glances at the thing lying half-covered in the snow and shudders. She tries to move away from it, but there is no space. And she is hurt.
