2.35
Page 11
I try to clench my hand, but it’s not right without those two fingers. There’s a gap and I can see straight into my palm. It looks wrong.
A Goblin advances towards me. The one who bit me. He raises his sword and grins around bloody teeth. I step towards him—
And hear a roar.
The Goblin turns, surprise becoming fear, and then his head disappears. I blink. Something flashes in front of me, and then there’s a Gnoll.
Not Mrsha. This one is taller, stronger, male. Urksh. He hacks another Goblin with an axe and the smaller warrior falls, head torn open.
And more Gnolls. They attack from the left, archers and warriors. I see…Hekra, standing with three other archers. She raises her bow and her hand blurs. Two Goblins fall, with arrows in their chests.
Nice skill.
I stumble, and a Goblin slashes at me. I step back, but he advances, and now there’s a lot of blood in the snow. Mine.
I punch him in the chest, but he’s got armor on and just stumbles. He raises his sword—
And Mrsha lunges into him from the side. She bites and tears with her small claws and he shrieks. He raises the shortsword and I grab his arm. I twist with my good arm and I hear his arm break.
He screams. I let go and pull Mrsha back. And then the Gnolls are around us, fighting, killing—
“—Griffin. Ryoka Griffin.”
Someone is grabbing me, holding my wrist. I look around. Urksh has me. He’s wrapping something around my hand, putting rough cloth on—
“Aah.”
It’s starting to hurt now. But more than anything, it just feels wrong to have something on the two stumps of my fingers. Urksh holds the cloth over my hand and nods to a Gnoll.
“Watch. They are coming.”
The Gnoll disappears. I blink at Urksh.
“I found her.”
He smiles at me, briefly.
“You did. Now we will handle the rest. Do not move. We will carry you.”
“I can—”
Too slow. He lifts me, and with another Gnoll, they run with Mrsha and me. The wind is cool on my skin as I blink around.
“I’m okay. I can run.”
“Rest. You did a great thing. I am honored to have met you, Ryoka Griffin.”
Something about his tone makes me look around. We’re not headed back towards the camp.
“Where—?”
“They are coming. We must flee.”
And then I see it, and I realize what despair tastes like. We were closer to the tribe’s camp than we thought, Mrsha and I.
Close, but too far. Too late.
This how it ends. This is how we die.
Hundreds of Goblins—thousands—stream across the plains. They are lit by mage light and torches as they run, firing, fighting with the few Gnolls who stand to hold them off.
The rest are fleeing. I can see over a hundred Gnolls, adults and children, running as fast as they can towards the west. But they’re being harried. Goblins are coming from every direction. It’s as if the world is being consumed by them.
And in the distance I can see the main host. A black tide of shapes, like some horrible flat beast, writhing towards us. There are larger Goblins among the main horde. Hobs. They’re firing arrows too.
Urksh runs with me in his arms, tireless as he rejoins the tribe. I look back and see more Gnolls breaking away, charging the Goblins coming at us without fear.
“What are—?”
“They buy time. Here. Run.”
He puts me down, face grim, and I understand. A few Gnolls are going to fight. They run at the Goblins, taking arrows, stumbling, many not even reaching the armed warriors. Those that do fall in an instant, cut from every side.
It’s all happening so fast. I can’t process it all. War? It’s so sudden, but then I see a blue glow.
