2.35
Page 2
She sits and stares up towards the sky. It is cold. She is hungry, and desperate. She fears she will not be rescued, now. And she is growing tired. She raises her nose to the air and sniffs again.
There it is. The same scent. Not just from the thing beside her; it is in the air. Mrsha’s nose is keen, even for a Gnoll’s. She can smell the scent in the air, all over the mountain.
They are everywhere. And the thought of them makes Mrsha afraid. But she can do nothing. So she sits. And waits.
If she believed in gods, she would have prayed. But Mrsha knows the gods are dead. So she just hopes. She tries to believe.
But it is so cold.
 
—-
 
Higher. And higher still. I am following the faeries as they lead me to the base the mountain. I think they’re trying to guide me on the easiest route, but—
I climbed a mountain once. But that was nothing like this. There’s no road here, no easy path. The ground becomes vertical in places, and now I have to use both hands and legs, sometimes pulling myself up as my feet slip on the snow-covered rocks.
The faeries watch me, stopping to settle on a rock and I pull myself upwards, straining and grunting with effort. Their faces are expressionless, but their eyes are not. I think they’re pretending not to care, but they fly ahead, showing me the way with too much alacrity for me to believe otherwise.
They care. But they fear I’m not going to make it.
“How far?”
One turns back to stare at me as the others fly overhead. She says nothing. I gasp, and cough. I’m moving too fast, now. I can taste a bit of blood where I bit my tongue when I fell, and from my searing lungs.
I don’t care. Faster. I gulp air into my lungs.
“How…far? How much time?”
They don’t answer. But they fly higher. So I grit my teeth and move.
 
—-
 
Urksh waits, standing at the edge of the place where the Stone Spears have made camp. He waits, and listens.
But he hears nothing apart from the falling snow, the crackling fires beside him, and the words of his hunter, Hekra.
“More have gone missing. All to the north and west.”
He looks at her. Hekra’s face is still, but her ears and tail betray her agitation. She is worried, and so is he.
“That makes thirteen.”
Thirteen adults, hunters and warriors all who are missing. Three patrols sent out to look for Mrsha that never returned. There is something out there, and both Gnolls know it.
Yet what worries Urksh most is that there was no trace of those who disappeared. No howls to indicate enemies, nothing. Whatever happened to the Gnolls of his tribe happened swiftly and took them by surprise.
“Have every warrior ready, no? All of them. And pack what is needed.”
What is needed. In case they have to flee. He doesn’t have to say that part out loud. Hekra nods and trots off. Urksh looks back into the darkness.
Something is out there. Something. And he can catch faint whiffs of it on the air. It is a familiar smell, but odd. Twisted. He knows he smells his enemy, but there is something wrong with the scent. There is death in the air.
Urksh stares the way the Human named Ryoka Griffin had gone, following the strange, indistinct lights in the air that she claimed were living creatures. Winter Sprites. Frost Faeries.
He hopes she will be safe. But right now Urksh is more concerned about his tribe. To the east, Ryoka Griffin claimed an army was approaching. A force from the Drake cities. It has doubtless camped for the night, but Urksh’s instincts tell him to bring his tribe closer to the camp, regardless of the tension that might cause.
