2.37
Page 5
As it happened, Ressa lectured like a teacher as well, with excellent oratory skills and clearly a lot of passion when it came to her mistress. Erin nodded approvingly as she studied the shortsword in one of the many cases on display down a long hallway with windows looking out on the courtyard.
“Yeah. It’s shiny.”
Ressa glanced at Erin as the girl held her hands just over the lid of the glass case. It wasn’t locked, but Erin had the definite impression this was a ‘no touch’ sort of deal. She could actually feel the air growing colder around the pedestal.
“And what’s that? Is that a powerful ring?”
Erin moved over to the next object on display. Ressa nodded stiffly as maids and servants stared at the two and furtively scurried around behind their backs.
“…A ring of teleportation. Or should I say, [Lesser Teleport]. It is fixed to an anchor, but no mages have been able to discern where the ring leads to. Putting it on might be deadly, hence the reason it is kept here.”
“But it’s not guarded or anything. Isn’t it dangerous if someone teleports to this ring?”
Ressa shook her head. It had taken a few minutes for her to start talking, but Erin had finally gotten her to explain what each object was and did outside of a one sentence reply. Either she was nicer than she looked, or she’d just given up trying to scare Erin.
“Each object here is protected by the enchantments of the mansion. Only a truly powerful mage would be able to penetrate the wards here.”
“But what if they did break through? And what if they, I dunno, brought an army?”
“That would be amusing to see.”
There was a glint in Ressa’s eyes. Erin blinked, and then nodded slowly.
“Right. So all of these things here are really valuable, right?”
“To a…certain extent. They are hardly the most prized artifacts in the Reinhart’s possessions, but they are important curios.”
“Like this other ring? What does it do?”
“It conjures a Hellhound to protect and defend the wearer for four hours. It can only be used once a month unless recharged with magic sooner, and the summoning time takes one minute.”
“Whoa.”
Erin eyed the ring. It looked like someone had melted and then twisted together metal and some kind of red stone to form the band that sat on a dark purple pillow.
“That sounds really useful. But why not give this to a servant? It could be useful when they’re out doing things. I mean, I was sort of worried we’d be attacked on the way here.”
Ressa sniffed dismissively.
“The [Butler] assigned to escort you has a number of magical items at his disposal and adequate Skills to ward off most attacks.”
“The [Butler]—you mean Reynold?”
Ressa paused. She looked at Erin oddly.
“…Yes. I do apologize if he acted with undue familiarity towards you.”
“What? Oh no, no!”
Erin waved her hands frantically at Ressa and nearly knocked over another pedestal that held a key in a display case. Ressa silently moved Erin away from the displays.
“I had a great ride. He was really nice! I just talked to him and he told me about wine and stuff.”
“Wine? Ah. One of Reynold’s duties is overseeing the wine collection.”
“Yeah. He talked about that. I made him, really. So if he’s in trouble—”
“Please, pay no mind to my comment. I am…glad you found his company so refreshing.”
Ressa glanced out the window as she spoke, and then looked at Erin. She nodded slightly.
“I believe Lady Magnolia will be finished with her business shortly. If you would accompany me?”
“Oh. Sure.”
Erin awkwardly trailed after Ressa. This time the [Head Maid] didn’t walk nearly so fast, so Erin could stare around the mansion.
