2.37
Page 11
Nothing would do then, except that Erin tell the entire story of her meeting the faeries as they brought winter. Joseph shook his head, grinning again, when Erin had finished.
“Faeries. Wow. Bring a bottle and a net for extra lives, huh?”
“No—it’s cold iron. They’re dangerous, right?”
Erin nodded.
“I’m just worried Ryoka is okay. I tried asking the faeries to forgive her, but they all left a while back and I haven’t seen one.”
“I’m sure she’s fine. Don’t worry about it. If she’s got levels in this uh, [Runner] class and potions, she should be able to outrun anything and heal up, right?”
Erin shook her head.
“Ryoka doesn’t have levels. Or classes.”
“Why?”
Erin could only shrug. She couldn’t really explain it, not to these people. She went on, growing more silent as the others began talking and arguing more and more.
It sounded like they had gone over these topics many times before, because Erin sensed each group had their own opinion. Rose wanted to make contact with other people from their world, along with two of the other girls, but Joseph and the guys wanted to try fighting monsters. With magical items, of course. The other girls just wanted to explore the city and the world as if they were tourists.
Rose glared at Joseph as he argued with her. Both of their movements were growing exaggerated, and they were getting louder the more they drunk. Joseph grabbed something from one of the tables, and Erin saw with a shock that he had a tablet in his hands. Apparently, this group had been holding their carry-on luggage, so they had quite a number of objects from their world with them.
“You’ve got a phone, and I’ve got a tablet right here. All we need to do is level up in the [Mage] class—or earn enough gold to hire someone to cast the right spell! Lady Magnolia could help with that, and once we get strong enough, we can probably travel there ourselves.”
Another guy—Leon from Poland—nodded. He pointed to the expensive furnishings of this room for emphasis as he spoke.
“It’s all about getting the right start. It’s almost like a cheat to have Lady Magnolia helping us—if we get magical artifacts right off, we can fight tougher monsters without being worried about getting hurt. We gain gold, level up, and do that until we’re high level!”
“And then what?”
Leon looked at Erin as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.
“We’re going to find a way to go back home. Through a magical portal or something. Or a spell. There has to be one.”
Joseph nodded.
“If we got here, there has to be a way back.”
Everyone nodded. There had to be. Erin stared down at her hands and thought of Pisces and Ceria. She was sixty years old and she hadn’t hit Level 30.
Oblivious to Erin’s thoughts, Joseph grinned.
“There’s so much I want to see. Like Goblins. I hear they’re pretty nasty. I wonder how dangerous they are? Erin, could we take on a tribe with some swords and potions?”
Erin looked at Joseph and tried to imagine him facing down fifty screaming Goblins as they charged and screamed. She shook her head.
“Goblins aren’t all evil. Some of them are friendly. Or can be.”
“Oh, you mean they’re not all dangerous? Do some have peaceful villages or something?”
Erin hesitated.
“No—they’re just—”
She gave up. How could Erin explain Rags to the people here? She hadn’t even talked about how the Goblins had killed Klbkch, or the day when she’d woken up and seen Relc holding the severed Goblin heads. She hadn’t talked about fighting the Goblin Chieftain or Skinner, or anything else.
