2.37
Page 13
She walked towards the door. Joseph stood up awkwardly as if to follow Erin.
“I’d—we’d like to go with Erin. To talk to Magnolia.”
The expression on Ressa’s face froze as she held the door open for Erin. She did not look quite at Joseph.
“Lady Magnolia will speak to you at a later date. For now she wishes to speak to Erin alone.”
“Yeah, but she’s one of us. Why does she have to be alone?”
“That is what Lady Magnolia wishes.”
Erin stepped past Ressa. She heard Joseph raised his voice.
“Could I—?”
“No.”
Ressa closed the door. And then she took a key from her pocket and locked the door from the outside. Erin wondered if that was overkill, but two seconds later she heard the door handle rattle slightly.
The maid turned and nodded to Erin again.
“My apologies. If you will follow me?”
Erin walked with the tall maid in the corridors in silence for a few minutes. It was hard to reestablish the conversation after all that. Erin cleared her throat silently, and then spoke up.
“Um, we were in there a long time. Was Lady Magnolia busy?”
Ressa shook her head as she walked Erin back through the corridors, and then up a long flight of stairs.
“Lady Magnolia felt it best that you mingle with the others for a while, given you had already met. She is now free from any business at the present time.”
“Oh. Good.”
More silence. Ressa was walking faster than normal again. Erin thought, and spoke to the maid’s back.
“I’m uh, sorry about the mess they made. I’m an [Innkeeper], so I know how it gets. I’ve got [Advanced Cleaning]. Maybe I could help…?”
“The [Maids] have the prerequisite skills. Do not worry.”
Ressa hesitated, and then looked at Erin.
“Thank you for offering, however. It is not often that we entertain such visitors.”
“Really? I thought she would have tons of guests.”
“She does, but they rarely stay for more than a few hours at a time.”
Joseph and the others had mentioned the servants weren’t too helpful with directing them or finding mages to cast [Repair]. Erin wondered how much of that was intentional.
“Do you uh, not like them? The people from my world, I mean? They don’t think you do.”
Silence from Ressa. She slowed as she passed by an open doorway. Erin caught a glimpse of a massive library filled with tomes being slowly dusted before she passed the entrance.
“We serve Lady Magnolia. We clean and cook, but we do far more than simply maintain her estate. We are there to help her.”
Not anyone else. Erin swallowed what she’d been about to say next.
“Here we are.”
Ressa stopped by a pair of double doors. She rested one hand on the golden knob and looked at Erin.
“I trust you will extend the same courtesies to Lady Reinhart as you have shown me. She is close to royalty as this land has to offer.”
Erin nodded seriously. She hesitated as Ressa pressed down on the handle.
“Um. Is there anything I should say? No one really told me why she wanted me here. What should I do?”
It was the mystery that not even the people from her world knew the answer to. Ressa paused, and looked at Erin.
“Be honest. Be truthful. Lady Reinhart has only your best interests in mind, and she has devoted quite a lot of money and time to gathering your companions here.”
Erin nodded.
“Thank you for the help.”
“You are welcome.”
Ressa smiled, just for a moment, and then the door opened. Slowly, Erin walked into the vast room and stopped.
