2.37
Page 3
Erin turned her head and gasped. Both Rags and Toren would have immediately recognized the towering behemoths clad in steel armor, although these Golems were made of silvery metal rather than black. They were also, disconcertingly, gilded with pink metal. It did not make them cute or less threatening. And both Goblin and Skeleton probably would have run away immediately given that instead of one enchanted suit of armor, there were four.
They walked with mechanical precision, patrolling the large courtyard and grounds in front of Lady Magnolia’s gated estate. Erin’s eyes bugged out as she saw the Golems; when she looked up, they nearly popped out of her head.
“Oh my god! It’s a Pegasus! A Pegasus!”
Reynold tried to pry Erin off of his arm as she grabbed him.
“Please calm yourself, Miss Solstice. It is a spell. A summoned guardian. It is not real.”
“Can I fly it!?”
The [Butler] coughed and Erin caught a hold of herself.
“Right, probably not. Sorry. How is all this possible? I mean, Ryoka said—but—how? Is Magnolia really that rich?”
Reynold lifted one eyebrow.
“Lady Magnolia? She is the heir to the Reinhart family and one of the richest individuals on the continent.”
Erin stared at him. For the first time, she began to wonder just exactly what Ryoka had done and said to get Lady Magnolia’s attention.
“Miss Solstice?”
Erin turned as Reynold snapped back to even more perfect attention. She saw a tall woman dressed in a somber black dress, as official-looking and impressive as Reynold’s own attire. She was flanked by two other women, dressed like English maids or…Japanese cosplayers.
There were frills. And even bows. And a certain white and black color coordination that struck the eye. But the two maids were clearly following their leader, who turned out to be a maid herself.
“Miss Solstice? My name is Ressa. I am the [Head Maid] in service to Lady Magnolia. I will take you to her, if you would follow me?”
Erin gaped. Then she rallied and gaped harder.
“Um. Wow. Okay. Uh.”
She looked around. Reynold was standing straight and staring ahead. Erin hesitated, and then nodded.
“Thanks for taking me out here.”
“Think nothing of it, Miss Solstice. I trust that you will enjoy your stay.”
He answered her politely and without meeting her eyes. Erin felt a pang, but then Ressa was by her side.
“If you will follow me? Lady Magnolia Reinhart awaits your company.”
There was nothing to do but follow. In fact, not one person hesitated as Ressa led the way into the mansions. The double doors swung out as if they were automatic when they were in fact, magical. She strode along so quickly that Erin had to move fast to keep up.
But again, who would argue with Ressa? Erin might not have known it, but just one look at Ressa was a glimpse into her personality and function in the Reinhart household.
Ressa looked almost inhumanly good. It was a feature of her class, although Erin couldn’t have known that. All Erin did know was that Ressa looked how she wanted to look when she was full of bad self-esteem and dreamed of being taller and a supermodel. She was beautiful, but also stern and imposing. Exactly like the head matron or schoolmistress out of some old children’s book.
Or a queen.
And there was certainly something queen-like about the way Ressa strode through the halls and the servants bobbed their heads to her—or maybe Erin—and began to work twice as hard.
