2.37
Page 12
She just listened, growing more silent as she sipped at her drink as the talk wore on. They were going to explore, leave the mansion soon. Erin was supposed to be the last member of their group since Ryoka couldn’t be found. Lady Magnolia had promised them weapons, gold, even lessons on magic. They were going to find a place to stay in the city, enroll in the adventurer’s guild—at least the guys were—and they’d all find good classes. One girl asked if they could stay at Erin’s inn for a while. Erin imagined them meeting Toren or dealing with a Rock Crab and couldn’t reply.
It was as if someone had let a fly or a mosquito loose inside of Erin’s head. She thought she heard buzzing, faint, but inescapable. It grew louder as the conversation progressed, until it was trying to burst out of her head. The voices around her became fragments, and more slurred the more the others drank. They were so excited from Erin’s arrival that they ate and drank quickly, talking in bursts over each other.
“We need to find a place to stay. An inn, like Erin’s, or we could stay here. But what we really need is potions—”
“I want to learn magic. Did you see that Pegasus outside, and those suits of armor? We could be [Summoners]—!”
“I played Dark Souls. Not the same thing obviously, but if we keep an escape route open we should be—”
“—Tactics. Someone has to be a tank. We can get defensive equipment—”
“—Tame a monster—”
“—Wonder when we’ll go back home—”
“—Learn to cast magic—”
“—Hang out here. It’s like a hotel, isn’t it? Way better than back home—”
“—As soon as we can get Ressa to leave us alone, I want to see if they’ve got any artifacts in the armory we can use.”
“Ressa?”
Erin’s head snapped up. She looked at Joseph.
“What about Ressa? She seems nice.”
He made an expression of displeasure, one that was mirrored across the other’s faces.
“She’s a pain in the ass. Lady Magnolia gave us the freedom to go wherever we want, but Ressa keeps insisting we stay together in this part of the mansion.”
“Really? She didn’t seem that way to me.”
But Rose was nodding.
“She and Magnolia—well, they’re not bad—”
“Ressa is.”
“Right, but Magnolia’s generous. It’s just that she’s awkward, you know?”
“No?”
Erin had no idea, and Rose struggled to explain.
“Really awkward. It’s like she’s a countess out of Downton Abbey or something, you know?”
“Oh come on, she’s not that bad. She’s pretty outgoing!”
“Yeah, but watching everyone bow to her is kind of cringy, isn’t it? And she keeps laughing when we explain elections and democracy to her—”
“At least we’ve got proper toilets and they wash their hands here. I was really afraid they’d all be eating with crap on their hands or filthy and depressing like Game of Thrones.”
“I know, right? And the servants don’t seem to have any kind of education. You know they don’t have schools here? It’s as if—”
The girl that had been speaking broke off quickly. Erin turned in her seat, and saw the door at one end of the room was open. Ressa was standing there, quietly emanating…dissatisfaction.
Perhaps it was the look of the room. Food was scattered across the sofas, on plates or on the carpets. More drinks had been spilled, and half of the people within were lounging around or fiddling with the electronics they’d brought. Erin had been shocked to learn all of them were still able to use their devices thanks to near-daily [Repair] spells.
The [Head Maid] looked at Erin in the silence.
“Miss Solstice? Lady Magnolia will receive you at your convenience.”
Erin stood up.
“Looks like I’m going to meet her. Um, nice meeting you guys.”
