2.37
Page 8
“It has to be a spell. What else could it be?”
Erin blinked as Rose began arguing with the other guy. Joseph jumped back in, cutting the two off.
“We arrived in the world just last week! It was crazy—one second we were waiting for our flight, and the next, we were here! We—the seven of us—appeared in this city in the middle of nowhere. Everyone was screaming, and Rose ended up in a forest!”
“What? One week?”
Erin stared at him. Joseph was wearing a huge grin, and he seemed to be practically vibrating with excitement.
“Yeah. All these soldiers ran up the instant we appeared and arrested us. We had no idea what was about to happen and they brought in a mage to look at us when Lady Magnolia arrived! She got us out of prison and took us here. Can you believe this place?”
“Wait, hold on. How did she find—no, wait, what’s happening back home? Does anyone know we’re missing? I’m missing?”
Erin grabbed Joseph. He looked startled and shook his head.
“No—we haven’t heard anything about missing people. Why. When did you get here?”
She didn’t even know. Erin let go of Joseph and shook her head. Ever since she’d landed in this world, each day had felt like a week. Or a year.
“I—don’t know. Three months? Four? It feels like two years.”
“Three months!?”
Everyone looked startled, again, except for the girl sitting in her chair. She was rocking back and forth and staring at Erin without participating in any of the noise. Her eyes were sunken and she didn’t seem to blink.
“Three months, are you serious?”
Joseph stepped back and ran a hand through his hair. Rose stared at Erin.
“Do you have an iPhone? Were you part of the call?”
“The call? Wh—oh!”
Erin remembered the call Ryoka had told her about, the one with people from all over the world. She shook her head.
“I don’t have anything from my—our world. But I know a girl who does. She was part of the call?”
“What?”
Again, the exclamation and uproar nearly deafened Erin. The guys were talking excitedly, and the girls were asking Erin where the other girl was, what her name was, when she was getting here, and so on.
Erin raised her hands.
“I don’t know! She’s out on a delivery. She’s a Runner and I haven’t seen her for a week.”
“A Runner? What’s that?”
Erin blinked at Joseph. It seemed so obvious, but he really hadn’t been here. She tried to explain.
“It’s like a post office worker here. She delivers messages, packages—usually she runs from city to city, avoiding monsters and bandits.”
“What? That’s so weird. Why would anyone want to do that?”
“Well…”
Erin stared at Joseph. She shook her head slightly.
“It’s what she had to do to survive. I mean, I became an [Innkeeper]—”
“You’re an [Innkeeper]? Why?”
“…Because that’s the only way I could survive. I didn’t know there were other people and Lady Magnolia wasn’t there, and I found this inn and got the class, so—”
Erin could only shrug. She looked at Joseph and the others helplessly.
“You’ve only been here for a week?”
They nodded.
“Maybe longer. But not much more than that.”
Rose interrupted. She pointed at the girl sitting in the chair.
“Not Imani. She was with another group of people in the airport. She ended up somewhere else.”
Erin looked at the girl again, and this time the young woman seemed to retreat further into herself as everyone stared at her. She clutched her knees to her chest with two arms.
“Um. Is she okay?”
For a second Joseph’s face lost its good cheer. He lowered his voice, although he was clearly audible in the room.
