2.37
Page 10
“We’ve been stuck in Lady Magnolia’s mansion for the last few days. Ever since she found us. We can go out in the garden or wander around, but she doesn’t want us leaving this place. She says it’s too dangerous.”
Erin nodded, although she noticed the dissatisfied look on Joseph’s face.
“It is dangerous. I’m glad Lady Magnolia found you all.”
“Yeah, but look out there!”
Joseph pointed to the window in frustration. He waved his hand and nearly spilled the goblet of wine he’d filled to the brim. Erin eyed it.
All of the international students and Rose were eating some of the food that had been laid out. It was all rich stuff, and delicious, but they were also drinking. A lot. Some of the students from other countries – like the guy from China and the one from Poland – were drinking at a slower pace, but the rest were enjoying alcohol liberally, especially the ones from America. Joseph kept offering Erin a cup, but she was sticking to a mild fruit juice.
Now Joseph took a gulp of wine and pointed out the window. In the distance, Erin could see countless buildings, spreading out across the horizon.
“Look at that! Even the sky is bigger here. And there are monsters and magical artifacts! I want to get out there and start leveling.”
“Leveling? In what class?”
Joseph shrugged as he grabbed a sausage off a plate. Rose gave him a disgusted look; she was using the silverware, which was actual silver.
“I don’t know. I’m thinking of learning to use a sword and becoming an adventurer. Or spells.”
“An adventurer? But that’s such a dangerous job!”
Joseph gave Erin an odd look. He shrugged.
“Yeah, maybe at first. But if I get to a high enough level and have potions, it won’t matter, right? I was thinking that we could form an adventuring team! I mean, there are eight of us—nine, including you Erin—but we don’t all have to go out. Some of us could take levels in supporting classes.”
“But why would you want to do that? Lady Magnolia wants to keep you here, doesn’t she?”
Another guy shrugged. He was from…Spain? No, that was Joseph.
“She says that she’s considering it. We’re hoping she’ll give us some magical weapons and armor—you know, to give us a head start. And maybe teach us some magic. I mean, what else should we do? Nothing?”
Erin shook her head.
“That’s really not a good idea. It’s dangerous out there. I mean, you could get killed.”
She wanted to add that they would get killed, but she couldn’t say it. Everyone—except for the sleeping Imani and Rose—didn’t seem to get the danger. Two of the guys seemed almost ecstatic as they began arguing over the best class to take.
“So what about this Ryoka? Why isn’t she here? I know Lady Magnolia was looking for someone else besides you. Is she that far away?”
Erin’s heart sank as Rose asked her the question she’d been dreading. Erin had been wondering that very thing herself.
“I don’t know. She was going south, to meet some kind of important person and do a big delivery. She was going to earn eight hundred gold coins for it, but I haven’t seen her.”
“Eight hundred—!”
This time Joseph did spill some wine on the carpet. He looked guilty as Erin scrambled for water, but waved her away.
“Don’t worry about it. We’ve spilled stuff before and the maids clean it up. But eight hundred gold pieces? How’d she get that?”
Erin hesitated and sat down.
“I don’t really know. She uh, mentioned a client, but she ran off before I could get all the details. She was being chased. By Frost Faeries.”
“Faeries? No way!”
