2.37
Page 9
“Imani ran into monsters when she and the others appeared. She was the only one who got away, and she was in this small village until Lady Magnolia found her.”
“Monsters? What kind of monsters?”
Imani shuddered. She looked up at Erin.
“Crelers.”
She whispered the word as she rocked back and forth on her chair. The room went silent. It was the awkward silence of people not knowing what to say. Erin moved over, until she was close to Imani. She hesitated, and then pulled up a chair next to the girl and sat next to her.
“I’m sorry. I ran into a Dragon the first night I was here.”
“A Dragon? Reall—”
Rose, or perhaps it was someone else, kicked Joseph. But Imani looked at Erin. She seemed to understand.
“How’d you get away?”
“I ran. And then I ran into a group of Goblins.”
Erin had to smile bitterly at the memory. She could still taste the fear and feel the burning on her arm and leg as she ran, screaming and crying through the night. Imani looked at Erin and then uncovered her legs a bit.
“I hid. On the rocks. They can’t climb rocks.”
Erin put a hand on Imani’s shoulder. The other girl gripped her so tightly Erin could see Imani’s hand go white.
“I’m sorry.”
“They all died.”
It was a whisper meant only for Erin. And then Imani began to cry. Erin held her, as the other young men and women—the other boys and girls, really—stood around in awkward silence, not knowing what to do or say. But Erin did. She hugged Imani to her chest, and the other girl broke down in her arms.
It was something only they could share. Something only Erin and Imani could understand. So Erin held the girl and talked quietly, until she was sleeping and the others were sitting together.
They were no less talkative, but they were more subdued. Still, Erin saw the energy blazing in the eyes of all of the boys and most of the girls. And she began to understand a tiny bit of what was happening the more they talked.
“They might not be dead.”
“What?”
One of the guys looked at the sleeping Imani and lowered his voice even further.
“They might not be dead. I mean, Imani says she saw them die, but what if they just…woke up? If this is a game, then…”
Erin couldn’t believe her ears. She stared at him, but it was Rose who spoke up, sharply.
“This world isn’t a game.”
“How do you know? If this is some virtual reality—”
Joseph looked at Erin.
“It’s insane, this world, you know? Levels? Classes? I saw one of the maids use a Skill, and it blew my mind! She was cleaning up a spill, and then she just moved the mop and—it was all gone! In one go!”
Erin nodded slowly. She’d explained about her inn and Ryoka in briefest terms, but it was hard to communicate all that had happened to her to these people. They had no frame of reference to understand it.
“Drakes? You mean Dragons?”
“No—I mean they’re like walking lizards, only they don’t like being called that. And there are Gnolls—”
“Ah! I know Gnolls. Do you have to fight them off? Do you have any combat skills or spells?”
“No. I mean, I learned how to defend myself, but I’m no warrior.”
“What about magical items?”
“Magical items?”
“Like a sword or a ring. Something enchanted!”
“I have a chessboard.”
“A chessboard?”
“Yeah, it’s—well, it’s magical. Nevermind. It’s a long story. But what are you all going to do now that you’re here?”
Erin wanted to know what Lady Magnolia intended to do with everyone. But not one of the people in the room knew.
