2.38
Page 3
“Please. I know how extraordinary this is, but I have had quite a while to process this fact. And what kind of [Lady] would I be if I were not collected and calm at all times? I know you are from another world. I know the other charming young men and women downstairs are from another world. That is why I have gathered you all here.”
She moved a piece forwards and took one of Erin’s knights. Erin frowned. She’d played a great counter to Lady Magnolia’s move, but suddenly she’d just lost two pieces in a cunning fork that had completely blindsided her. That was normal—but Erin couldn’t believe Lady Magnolia had seen through her so quickly.
Amazing. She tried to focus on the conversation as she continued playing, focusing harder on her pieces.
“Uh—well—then why are we all here?”
Lady Magnolia studied Erin for a second, and then deftly moved a bishop out of harm’s way. Not immediate harm’s way, but out of a trap that would have come two moves later.
“Well, I hope you will stay here. Now that you have seen my small estate, I hoped I would be able to convince you and perhaps even Ryoka to accept my hospitality for as long as you stay in this world. You will say yes, won’t you?”
Something was seriously wrong. Not about the conversation, but on the chess board. Erin could sense it. Lady Magnolia was no great player. She was good, but nowhere near as good as someone who’d memorized opening and strategies like Erin. Her opening game had shown that, and even now she made small mistakes no seasoned player would make simply by virtue of experience.
And yet, she kept hitting Erin in exactly the worst places, or started pulling her pieces out of the way when Erin tried to attack or set traps. It was almost as if she could read Erin’s mind.
Maybe she could. Erin glanced up. Lady Magnolia was smiling at her.
“Um, sorry. What did you say?”
The other woman blinked. So did Ressa. Erin grinned sheepishly.
“I’m so sorry. It’s just that when I get into chess, I sort of—sorry!”
“Not at all, not at all. Do excuse me. I should be focusing on the game as well.”
Lady Magnolia moved a piece forwards, blocking Erin’s advance that would have threatened her Rook. Erin frowned. Maybe—
She moved a pawn forwards. It was a ranging attempt, meant to pressure Magnolia’s pieces back so Erin could get a shot at her King.
Lady Magnolia castled. Erin saw the move, and felt the pieces fall into place. She looked up, and saw Lady Magnolia’s smiling again. She had such a nice smile.
“I was just wondering if you would stay here. If you would, I would greatly appreciate—”
“—Excuse me. You’re reading my mind, aren’t you? I mean, you’re doing something to me, right?”
The room froze. Lady Magnolia paused, mouth open mid-word, and Erin felt Ressa’s eyes boring into her. But she stared at the [Lady] opposite her calmly.
Nobles and maids. Neither one had obvious expressions, but now Erin had learned what to look for. Magnolia’s eyes flickered to Erin’s face, and then she sighed.
“Am I really that transparent?”
She half-turned in her seat and frowned at her maid.
“Ressa, why didn’t you tell me I was being that obvious?”
“You appeared to be quite subtle, milady.”
“I thought so too. Ah, well.”
It was as if someone had flipped a switch. Lady Magnolia sighed and put down her tea cup. Erin blinked at her.
“And here I thought I would get away with everything quite easily. Oh well. I suppose you’ve found me out. What will you do now?”
She looked at Erin expectantly. Erin blinked at her, hesitated.
“Um. Uh. I guess I’ll ask you not to do it when we’re playing chess?”
