2.38
Page 9
“No, and no. I found them because they were in danger. Two groups were dead, slain by monsters before I was even aware of the need for action. I found poor Imani nearly too late, but we saved her at least. The others, including young Rose, were far easier to locate and retrieve. And I asked them about their world, using [Charm] to persuade them to reveal more than they otherwise would, yes, but it was hardly difficult. Drink and a lovely woman or lovely young man listening attentively does wonders.”
Erin could believe that. She was trying to follow what was happening, and that was hard because she was still reeling from what had happened.
First, Lady Magnolia was nice. Then it turned out she was using a Skill on Erin, hence the table flip. But she didn’t want Ressa to smash Erin’s brains out, which the [Head Maid] could possibly maybe do. So Erin was safe. For now. And now it turned out Lady Magnolia wanted to find everyone from Erin’s world because she’d met Ryoka. Because…?
“Why? Why are you doing this?”
Lady Magnolia rolled her eyes, but Erin cut her off.
“I’m just a girl. From another world, right, but why are you so interested in us? Is it because we know things you don’t?”
“You come from another world. Of course you know many things we do not. I wished to ascertain what exactly that was, and when I realized what a vast difference in technology we possess, I immediately decided that you, Ryoka, and anyone else from your world must not be allowed to talk freely.”
“Why?”
“I wish you would stop asking me that question. You are quite intelligent enough to know why.”
Erin thought.
“Guns?”
“Among other things, yes. But merely the existence of another world would drive many Kings and fools into a frenzy and might begin a war that I am sure, absolutely sure that my world would lose. The nations of your world possess weapons far too deadly for all but the greatest magics to overcome, and the cost regardless would be far too great.”
Lady Magnolia looked up as Ressa let a maid approach with a pot of tea. She accepted a cup and Erin refused hers.
“If I intended to poison or drug—well, perhaps raspberry is not for everyone. I delight in sweet things. I digress however; even putting aside the knowledge that your world exists, any one weapon from your world would be deadly if knowledge of how to make them spread. Fortunately, not one of the children I found knew the exact details of how to make these weapons, and so my beliefs changed again.”
A hand tightened on the stem of the teacup, and Erin realized Lady Magnolia’s voice was trembling slightly.
“The technologies they so thoughtlessly spoke of would bring this world to ruin, but fortunately none of them know how to make any of what they claim is possible.”
Ressa nodded at this, one of the few movements Erin had ever seen her make. Magnolia continued.
“The few experts I know of and one…worldly confidant of mine assure me that even if this knowledge has spread, which I am sure it has, it will take years and quite a lot of groundwork to reproduce on a larger scale. And I shall search this world for traces of such preparation and quash it wherever it may be found.”
That sounded good. And it was good, wasn’t it? Erin wasn’t sure what to think.
“And so, now I find myself back where I started. I believe Ryoka Griffin is an extraordinary young woman, if only because she knows when to keep her mouth shut.”
Lady Magnolia stared at Erin as she sipped from her cup again. Erin folded her arms.
“What are you going to do?”
“Throw this tea cup at you if you continue asking such questions.”
