2.38
Page 15
“We were at peace before you arrived, Erin Solstice. A factitious, torn peace full of petty battles and squabbles, yes, but peace nevertheless. The world was slowly healing, but all too soon the truce forged of paper will burst open like scabs and war will once more ravage the people and land.”
Lady Magnolia paused. The shroud around her lifted, and she looked over.
“Mm. That was quite good, wasn’t it, Ressa? I shall have to remember that to Teriarch next time we speak. Write that down, would you?”
“Yes, milady.”
Magnolia turned back to Erin.
“I don’t mean to sound completely hopeless. There are threats, true, but I hope that my preparations will guard against some of them. This continent is strong, and I have done my best to ensure the north is stronger than it was. But that is the truth of it. War is coming. And you few travelers are caught in it.”
Erin tried to breathe and had trouble doing so. It seemed so huge when Magnolia said it like that.
“What should we do, then? I mean, is there anything—?”
“Nothing. You can help those you meet in your inn, and perhaps that will change things. But unless you know of a technology that saves lives…? There are a number of curious things the other young men and women talk about, but they are frustratingly vague on details. I will pursue that line of questioning, however.”
Erin shook her head.
“I still don’t think it’s right, keeping them here.”
“And what would you do? Let them loose?”
Magnolia frowned at Erin. Erin shrugged.
“Maybe not, but they’re not as stupid as you’re treating them.”
“Fools seldom are. But they are thoughtless, which is worse. What could they do that would not cause more harm?”
“I don’t know. But give them a chance.”
Magnolia paused as she sipped at her cup.
“A chance? As what, adventurers?”
“Maybe. But just give them a chance to do something rather than lock them up and let them be useless.”
Erin tried to explain.
“I have this annoying—this girl in my inn. She’s really, really troublesome, but if I left her alone she would die.”
“Ah. Lyonette de Marquin. Dreadful girl. I’m not sure she is the example you should use.”
“You know who she is? I mean, she said she knows you—”
“I’m sure she does.”
Lady Magnolia made a face as if the tea had suddenly gone bad. Erin looked around and saw Ressa making a similar look of disgust, which disappeared as soon as she noticed Erin looking.
“She says she’s really important and that you’d take her in. But the [Butler]—sorry, Reynold—wouldn’t let her come with me.”
Magnolia sighed as she swirled her tea around with a silver spoon.
“She certainly is…important, but I fear she overstates her value. She wrote me several strident letters demanding that I offer her the hospitality of my house. I do not wish to do so.”
“But she nearly died by herself! She was getting exiled and she would have frozen to death if I hadn’t found her!”
“A pity.”
Erin’s heart grew silent in her chest for a moment. She looked at Lady Magnolia.
“Just because someone is really…really annoying or useless doesn’t mean they deserve to die.”
“Neither does it mean that I should waste time and resources saving them.”
“But that means you’re killing them if you don’t help. That’s wrong.”
A sigh. Erin gritted her teeth as Magnolia looked at her.
“What if they are a danger? What if killing them would save thousands of lives? Would that not be the most morally correct choice?”
Now Erin was getting angrier. Magnolia was—well, she wasn’t a bad person. Maybe. But she was getting on Erin’s nerves.
