2.38
Page 6
“They aren’t necessarily chess players, but they have the ah, skills and temperaments to be the best in any such game. But as to their names—I would hate to ruin the surprise. Let us just say they include an old fool, the world’s smallest strategist, a reclusive mage, a miserable king and a dashing and quite charming lord. One genius on each continent—except for Chandrar, that is. I don’t imagine the young [Emperor] or the King of Destruction’s Left Hand would be quite good enough to defeat you.”
That made no sense to Erin, except the King of Destruction, and she had no idea who his left hand might be. Assuming it wasn’t literal and he had a giant left hand that played chess. She’d heard of crazier things.
“Well, I just like chess. It’s not a big deal, but I’d love to meet them.”
“Nonsense. Anyone who can claim to be one of the greatest experts in any field is worthy of note and admiration.”
Lady Magnolia leaned forwards and refilled Erin’s tea cup herself, against Ressa’s mild protests.
“That is simply another reason why I must insist you stay at my home. I would be delighted if you would act as a chess teacher, or if you simply consented to play games against some of my guests.”
“Me?”
“That is why I requested you visit me. Why else did you think you were here? For the pleasure of your company of course, but I believe it would only be right to offer you the same hospitality I have given to the others.”
Erin’s mouth fell open.
“Really? Here?”
“Is it so surprising? I believe you would quite enjoy your stay. We could put you up in a guest room, perhaps, until more permanent accommodations could be found. What do you say? Won’t you accept?”
For some reason, the offer sounded extremely generous to Erin. Of course it was, but she couldn’t take it, right?
Why not?
Because—
Erin shook her head slightly.
“No, but I—I have an inn.”
Lady Magnolia’s smile didn’t waver. She lifted the tea cup to her lips and drank a bit.
“Ah, but isn’t it terribly dangerous? Wouldn’t it be easier to relax in comfort rather than risk your life working such a difficult job?”
“I like it. I mean, it’s hard, yeah, but—”
Erin wanted to accept Magnolia’s generous offer. Part of her did. But another part was thinking of everyone she would have to leave behind. Ceria, Selys, Krshia who was in trouble, Toren, Pisces, Rags, even Lyonette. What would that girl do without her? And then there was Ryoka—
But Magnolia was speaking more quickly now, and Erin found herself hanging on every word.
“Far better if you stay here with the others. They will become excellent adventurers, and you will all be safe here. Don’t you agree?”
Erin wavered. But only for a second. Why was she even arguing about this? Lady Magnolia had been so generous to her and everyone from her world. Why wouldn’t she accept? She would be comfortable here, happy—
But it would make her friends upset. Erin knew that, and it hurt, but her desire to say ‘yes’ was far, far stronger.
So she wavered. Only for a second. But that second was an eternity upon which Erin stood, gazing out at two forks in the road of her life. She held her own destiny in her hands, and weighed each choice, remembering the past.
A second became a moment. A moment became a day, then a year. The year became eternal. And in that immortal moment, Erin realized something was wrong.
She was not in control. Because as her mind weighed the choice, every part of her pointed towards her inn. Yet…something was telling her to say yes.
