2.38
Page 10
“Fine. What are you going to do about Joseph and Rose and Imani and the others?”
“I intend to indulge their requests.  You know they have petitioned me—repeatedly—about becoming adventurers? All of the young men seem quite excited by the prospect, as young men often are. The young ladies would like to travel into the cities with pockets full of gold and shop, or so I gather.”
Erin frowned.
“They did tell me that. Joseph says you were going to help them. Give them magical weapons and armor.”
“Yes, and they are quite excited about the prospect. I have a mind to send them out with a few guides and let them enlist as Bronze-rank adventurers, with perhaps a gift of coins and a few choice items. What do you think of that?”
She didn’t even have to think. Erin replied instantly.
“They’d all die in a heartbeat.”
Ressa nodded. Magnolia smiled briefly.
“It would be amusing, or perhaps, sad, to see. I don’t believe any of them have actually killed anything in their life, or even helped butcher an animal. That might have informed their opinions. Only young Imani seems sensible and she is distraught with grief.”
Erin glared at Lady Magnolia. So. That was the plan.
“Are you going to kill me too?”
“Kill you? Haven’t you been listening to what I have been saying?”
“But you said—”
“I said I would send them out to become adventurers. But I will not let them die. I believe a few non-life-threatening injuries and a healthy dose of terror would be good for them.”
“That’s mean.”
“On the contrary, it’s quite generous considering that I do not owe them anything and I will be saving their lives in the long run.”
Erin frowned.
“You’re treating them like pawns or—or people to be manipulated. That’s wrong.”
Lady Magnolia sighed in irritation.
“I will stop treating them as pawns when they stop treating my world as a game to be enjoyed. As it is, that drunk group of young travelers below us are thoughtless, careless individuals who insult my servants, cause messes, throw up in the upholstery, and do not realize the gravity of the situation. I believe half of them are convinced this is a fictional reality, a dream perhaps, or some kind of living game.”
Erin bit her lip. She couldn’t deny that. Lady Magnolia paused, and went on.
“Not all are so foolish. Rose for example seems to understand the need to meet with others from your world, which is why I watch her in case she is called again on that…phone. And Imani is quite sensibly afraid of going out; I believe I will give her a bedroom away from the others now that you have opened her up.”
All of that still sounded suspicious to Erin. She stared at Lady Magnolia and raised a hand as if she were in school. Magnolia eyed it.
“Can I ask a question? Why I am I here?”
“You are here because I assumed you were like the others. I intended to confine you, perhaps after teaching you a few lessons about this world and the dangers therein.”
“And now?”
“I suppose you will have to go back to your inn. That is, unless you wish to accept my offer of hospitality. It still stands, and I would allow you to travel if you so wished.”
“Why?”
Lady Magnolia paused. She looked behind Erin.
“Ressa.”
A hand smacked Erin lightly on the back of the head. Erin yelped and turned, but Ressa stared blankly ahead, face expressionless. Lady Magnolia tapped her tea cup with one nail to get Erin’s attention.
