2.38
Page 7
Something was wrong. Erin felt it. It was a sense in the back of her head, the same thing she’d felt all throughout the conversation. Only, Erin hadn’t known it was even there, so insidious and quiet had it been. Yet now it was out in the open, exposed by her own Skill and relentless time.
One second passed. Lady Magnolia was staring at Erin intently, and so was Ressa.
“Well?”
The air smelled of lavender. Erin shook. Her mouth opened to say yes. She bit her tongue.
“Mmngh!”
Blood filled Erin’s mouth, and pain shot through her mind, breaking her out of whatever was holding her. Lady Magnolia blinked, and Erin kicked the table over, sending both drinks and chess pieces flying.
Lady Magnolia stared at the flying objects in shock. A tea pot full of hot liquid flew towards her head. She did not raise her arms to block or try to move out of the way. She simply stared at the flying pot with a look of mild surprise on her face.
A hand shot out and grabbed the pot. A body interposed itself, and the hot liquid splashed against her back. Ressa flung the pot away and reached for Erin. The girl saw the hand reaching for her throat, as quick as lightning—
“Stop.”
Ressa stopped. She stepped back, and the chess board cracked against one wall, the delicate wood breaking with the force of the impact. Chess pieces rained across the carpet and Lady Magnolia sighed.
“Teriarch did say this would happen sooner or later. But did it have to happen when I put my favorite tea pot out?”
Erin stared at Ressa. Her [Dangersense] was clanging loudly in her head. The [Head Maid] was staring at Erin, but there was nothing maid-like about the look in her eyes. She looked like she was ready to kill.
“Ressa. Your lovely rear end is in my face. Move aside please, and have someone clean up this mess.”
Ressa paused. She turned and Lady Magnolia patted her.
“It’s quite alright. Erin isn’t going to try and kill me, or so I believe. Is that right?”
“Um. Yeah?”
“Well then.”
Ressa hesitated, and then moved swiftly to one side. She withdrew a bell from her pocket and rang it. In four seconds, the door opened and maids rushed in. They stopped when they saw the mess, but Ressa began snapping orders and they sprang into action.
“Do follow me. I think we had better let them get to work, and I would hate to get in their way.”
Lady Magnolia nodded to the doors. Erin stood up and followed the older woman as Ressa stood uncomfortably close behind her.
“Ressa! Stop that!”
Two minutes later, they were in another sitting room, a larger one that lacked the intimacy—and the pink—of the first. Lady Magnolia sighed as she sat. She looked at Ressa.
“I hope you weren’t burned too badly by the tea.”
“It was lukewarm.”
“And your dress? Feel free to change it.”
Ressa glanced at Erin before replying.
“I am quite comfortable, milady.”
“Stubborn.”
Lady Magnolia sighed, but she turned to Erin. This time she did not smile, but just looked at Erin. Just looked.
And then everything came full circle. Because her gaze was like a spotlight, and it fixed Erin in place. It was the same look she’d given Erin when the girl had first come in; a searching stare that tried to strip everything that Erin was away and see her inner self.
Erin stared back. She wasn’t good at staring, but she’d gotten a lot better. And now that she knew what was happening, anger was fueling her stare just as much as anything else. Her stomach tried to roil, but even this was still better than the pure terror Skinner had brought.
