2.38
Page 11
“Consider my position, Erin Solstice. I have found visitors, or perhaps, refugees from another world. They know of terrible weapons, but have not the knowledge to create them. And yet, even the knowledge that such things can be created is enough to cause destruction in the long run. And these children—yes, children—are by and large helpless. They are walking magnets for chaos, and I dislike chaos.”
Erin sat in her seat and thought about that.
“Yeah. Guns would be bad.”
A hand smacked her on the back of the head again. Erin turned around, and Lady Magnolia smiled.
“I believe the young woman will hit you if you do that again, Ressa. And she has both [Bar Fighting] and [Minotaur Punch] as skills. I would be careful.”
“How do you know that?”
Lady Magnolia lifted the monocle in her lap.
“A little device made for me by a friend. It allows me to read [Skills] and [Levels] unless they are concealed. I would love to know what [Immortal Moment] and [Wondrous Fare] do, by the way. But to your point—yes, many of the technologies the others have described sound incredibly dangerous. I do not wish for any of them to become public knowledge.”
Erin rubbed her head as she nodded.
“That’s what Ryoka’s afraid of. She doesn’t want anyone to find out what we know.”
“And that is why I wish to speak with her. But, quite ironically, she is the one person who rightfully distrusts anyone like me.”
“Isn’t that smart?”
“Oh, of course.”
Lady Magnolia waved a hand. She drained her cup and placed it on a table.
“It is an excellent assumption to make. But in this case, I believe Miss Ryoka and I—and even you, Erin—are all on the same side.”
“And what side is—”
Erin looked at Ressa. The other woman’s hands hadn’t moved, but her lips twitched. Erin scowled.
“What side is that? It’s a smart question!”
Ressa shrugged impassively. Lady Magnolia rubbed at her eyes.
“I suppose it is? Erin, we are all on the side that wishes for peace, prosperity, and a lack of monsters or wars. I think that is a fair statement for me to make.”
“Right. I’m on that side.”
Erin nodded reluctantly. Lady Magnolia nodded as well.
“Most people are, but the problems emerge when selfish individuals place their own desires above that cause. Hence the infighting and petty bickering which grips both Drakes and Humans on this continent, and to a lesser extent, the Gnolls.”
She sighed.
“We waste time and resources killing each other while the true enemy grows stronger. Ah, if only the [Lords] and [Ladies] of this continent could see what I see. But of course, some do and others only pretend to. Vision is not hereditary, I’m afraid. And it is opinion which matters more.”
“So you’re afraid these nobles will cause trouble if they know what we—I—people from my world know?”
“Anyone would cause trouble with such knowledge, Erin. Anyone. But some would be more dangerous than others, I admit.”
Erin frowned. She needed a notepad, or something to write on to figure everything out. But she did her best.
“Let me get this straight. You found Ryoka, and realized she was from another world.”
“Possibly from another world. I had other suspicions at first.”
“Okay, but you found her and found other people. And when  you realized that we all know bad things—”
Lady Magnolia winced at Erin’s choice of words. Erin glared.
“—You decided to keep us all here so we don’t cause any trouble. But you’re letting me go?”
“Because you are not as thoughtless as the others, and moreover, because I believe you will do more good where you are than under lock and key.”
“And Ryoka?”
