2.38
Page 8
It was like staring into a jet engine, or the sun. Erin felt like she was literally about to be blown away—her body was shaking just trying to keep still. But she kept staring.
And then it was over. Lady Magnolia blinked, and Erin could look away. She looked around and saw Ressa was standing far away from the two of them, looking at a wall. The maid looked back at the two of them, and Lady Magnolia sighed.
“I cannot underestimate anyone these days, it seems. First Ryoka, and now you. I thought she was rather unique, but perhaps it was she who was merely uncommon.”
Erin didn’t understand that. She stared at Lady Magnolia and wondered what to say.
“What do you want?”
“Uninspired.”
Lady Magnolia frowned at Erin.
“Excuse me?”
Erin frowned back. Lady Magnolia shook her head.
“After all that insightfulness, force of will, and commendable chess playing ability, that is hardly a question worthy of you, Erin Solstice.”
A small pit of anger had been bubbling in Erin’s stomach since she’d realized what had been happening to her. It grew a bit larger.
“I’m sorry that I’m not smart enough to ask the right questions.”
“Oh hush.”
Lady Magnolia reached out and tapped Erin’s nose. The girl blinked in outrage and the woman continued.
“I am complimenting you, Miss Solstice. You have quite magnificently foiled two schemes of mine, which so rarely happens that I am in shock. And yet you appear quite naïve in other matters, which is why I will be extraordinarily blunt.”
“Thanks. What was all—?”
“I was attempting to persuade you to join the group of rather sorry individuals I have managed to save from being torn apart or beaten to death so that I might protect you. I confess I was also testing your ability in chess in the hopes you could be useful, but my main goal was to simply sequester you away from the world where you would no longer be able to cause any harm.”
Lady Magnolia delivered the statement in a brisk, matter-of-fact tone of voice that lacked any smiles or charm. She stared at Erin. Erin stared back.
“Why?”
“Because I believed you were not like Ryoka Griffin. Now, I believe it might be Ryoka Griffin who I must measure against you.”
“I don’t understand what you mean.”
“Good. I would hate for you to be as perspicacious in all things as you are at evading my Skills.”
Erin didn’t know what perspicacious meant either, but she bit her tongue and listened. Lady Magnolia paused.
“Tea please, Ressa. Raspberry, I think. Cooled.”
Ressa nodded, and Lady Magnolia turned back to Erin.
“When I first met Ryoka Griffin, I believed one thing. I believed I had either met the most capable and amazing young woman I had ever encountered, or that I had met someone who possessed knowledge she could not possibly acquire in this world. Possibly both.”
Lady Magnolia flicked her fingers, and Erin saw she was holding the monocle again. She peered at Erin through it again, frowning as she continued.
“I believed she was unique, but I soon learned that she was not. I soon realized she was one of many, and that led me to find the others like her and question them.”
“With torture? Did you find the others so you could—”
