2.38
Page 14
“And we are a wretched species. But the Antinium are sadly better at killing than we are, and their Queens attempted to wipe this continent free of every living species once before. Consider this, Erin. Even in war, [Lords] and [Generals] often spare civilians. It is a point of honor, and practicality. Not even [Soldiers] relish that level of violence, and so the few who slaughter are condemned by every nation.”
She raised a finger.
“But the Antinium have fought thusly from the beginning. They leave no survivors. And what is worse, they make no permanent peace. I believe they have simply been waiting since the last Antinium War, building their strength for the final war in which they will win and slaughter us all.”
Erin couldn’t believe it. Klbkch, do that? But—she’d seen him killing Goblins that one time. And yet Pawn—
“It is not the individuals I speak of, but their Queens. They are heartless and care nothing for other species. If you will not believe it of the Antinium you know, believe that.”
Erin could. She remembered the Queen, and the cold way she had spoken about Klbkch, her subject.
“So that’s it? You’re fighting a war and you want help from us?”
“…If you want to put it that way, yes. Rather, I simply hope you will not make things worse. I don’t expect much help from you.”
“Hey, that’s—!”
“Accurate.”
Erin opened her mouth. Lady Magnolia stared at her. Erin closed her mouth.
“Erin Solstice. A young woman who treats Goblins like people and teaches the Antinium how to become individuals. That alone makes you extraordinary, but it will not win a war.”
Lady Magnolia drummed her fingers on her leg.
“I should like nothing more than for the Antinium to all become individual. That would mean they are people, and people can be manipulated, flattered, bribed, intimidated, or threatened. A swarm simply devours everything in its way. But it will not happen, because while the Queen in Liscor is a visionary, the other Queens and the Grand Queen lacks her ideals. No, it will not change what is to come.”
“And that is?”
“War. And not just any war. A world war, as your people have spoken of.”
Lady Magnolia said it calmly. She looked out one of the windows, at the setting sun.
“Perhaps it will not begin on this continent, but it will come soon. Already the idea of it hangs in the air, whispering in every ear.”
Erin felt a chill.
“How do you know?”
“From whispers. It is hard to know everything, everywhere. The Isles of Minos, for instance, suffer few spies. Even so. A Goblin Lord has emerged in the south, and if a King should rampage again, we may all fall to the youngest species before the Antinium.”
Lady Magnolia started ticking off points on her fingers.
“Az’Kerash builds an army of the dead, and I only pray we may stop him. I would send heroes to slay him before he unleashes his madness, but they are in short supply. Between him and the Antinium, we face two major enemies, although one is far more dangerous than the other. An individual versus a swarm, you see? And then there are simply dangerous fools among the Drakes and Humans who would start bonfires over matchsticks anyways. Flos goes to conquer, and perhaps he is the least dangerous of all. He at least desires to create a kingdom rather than break everything apart. And all of this happens because of your people, Erin Solstice.”
The room felt darker, and not just because the sun was setting. Erin tried to swallow around a dry mouth.
“My people?”
