2.38
Page 4
Lady Magnolia paused as she stretched her hands out. She eyed Erin. Ressa was doing the same.
“When we’re playing chess?”
“Yeah. Well actually, I don’t mind it so much, but it would have been good to know. I was actually just curious if you were doing it.”
Ressa and Magnolia exchanged a look. Lady Magnolia sat back in her couch.
“Ah. I see.”
She paused. Erin stared at her. The silence grew uncomfortable, and then Lady Magnolia smiled.
“I most sincerely apologize. I wished to see you playing your best, and so I broke the rules most shamefully. Allow me to concede and tender you my deepest regrets. If you wish, we could restart and play another game fairly…”
Erin shook her head.
“No. Actually, I’d like to play another game just like we are right now.”
A second blink. This time Lady Magnolia’s eyes met Erin’s, and the girl felt a slight jolt.
“Intriguing. Why, pray?”
The young woman shrugged awkwardly.
“I think it would be sort of fun. But you are reading my mind?”
“…Yes. It’s nothing as advanced as knowing what you’re thinking; I possess a skill called [Sense Intention] and I am quite adept at using it. I can sense which pieces you are focusing on, which allowed me to play as well as I did.”
“Cool.”
“Cool?”
“That’s so cool.”
Erin grinned. She looked at the board and began moving pieces back to their starting positions.
“Can you do it again? While we’re playing, I mean. I want to see if I can beat someone who can tell what I’m trying to do.”
For two seconds, Lady Magnolia stared at Erin with genuine surprise written all over her face. And then she gave Erin a real smile. It made all of her other smiles seem fake and plastic by comparison, because it was truly, wonderfully filled with delight and mirth.
“I should be delighted. You are quite the unusual young lady, you know.”
“Really? I guess. Hmm. I guess I’ll start as white again.”
The game restarted. Erin put her pieces back in place, and wondered how to beat someone who could sense what she wanted to do. She noticed Ressa staring hard at her, and Lady Magnolia was looking at her completely differently now. With less confidence, and a lot more intently, as if she was trying to read Erin.
But Erin had learned to play chess with a poker face. She adopted her best one now, trying not to give away anything more than what Magnolia would sense. Erin began to play, in silence this time, and remembered the past.
Once upon a time, she’d loved chess. Then, later, she’d grown to hate it. She’d hated the memorization, the constant games, the agonizing over win/loss ratios, and the way chess had consumed her entire life, leaving time for little else.
She had grown distant from the game, and eventually stopped playing altogether, despite many people urging her not to waste her talents and quit. But Erin had grown sick of that small board, and she had been happier being normal.
And yet, and yet…Erin had passed through the years, and slowly she’d realized that chess had changed her. Even a casual game was different for her, because she was not an amateur, but she was still not a professional. No one in her school or even her district could challenge her, and yet the top of that strange world was still far away from her.
Too, Erin had slowly realized how much chess meant to her. Without it, she had nothing that set her apart from other people, and that was good and bad. She was tired of chess, yes, but she was meaningless without it.
