2.38
Page 12
“The same, although if she would consent to helping me, it would make my life so much easier.”
“So you can make guns?”
“No.”
Lady Magnolia said that flatly. She stared Erin straight in the eye.
“I will never create these weapons. Not unless someone else has already spread them to the point where they have become commonplace.”
“Why?”
“A thousand reasons, not least of which is that it would destroy this world. Ryoka knows this, which is why she has sensibly avoided me for fear I would use such weapons.”
Erin nodded. That was what Ryoka had said, more or less, so she supposed she could believe Lady Magnolia.
“And where is Ryoka?”
The other woman paused. She looked at Erin, and then shook her head.
“If she has not told you, I will honor her discretion as a Runner. I do worry that she is well of course; but we must make gambles, and I rather like the idea of rolling the dice, especially if my die is Ryoka Griffin.”
“You’re gambling with her life?”
Lady Magnolia looked insulted that Erin looked upset.
“Of course. Every person of note and power on the continent is a gambler who plays for the highest of stakes, Erin Solstice. Except for the Antinium Grand Queen. I’m afraid she only takes safe bets with acceptable risks. But until I am sure I play against her and her alone, I must resign myself to uncertainty. And to minimize that risk, I find it is important to get to know people.”
“Like me.”
“If you like. Now, let me offer you a few reassurances. I will not harm the others from your world…unduly. Nor will I share their dangerous secrets, unless of course there is something actually valuable from your world that might be used in this one. I would quite like to taste a pizza and hamburger, you know. Perhaps you could leave the recipe with my [Chef] before you go?”
“Um—”
“Also, I am not interested in harming or impeding you or Ryoka in any way. I simply desire your cooperation and perhaps your help. Actually, I desire Ryoka for all these things, but I shall include you as well.”
“To do what exactly? Making the world a better place?”
“If you could do that, I would be most grateful. No—in helping to defeat the one enemy that truly threatens this continent. The Antinium.”
Erin’s brain halted when she heard that. She cleared her throat, wishing she’d taken another cup of tea, and then spoke.
“The Antinium…aren’t your enemies.”
Lady Magnolia raised a finger.
“A few Antinium you are acquainted with may not be my enemy. But the rest are. Indeed, if their Queen ordered it, I would not place high odds that they would not cut you apart.”
Erin swallowed.
“Pawn and Klbkch wouldn’t do that.”
Lady Magnolia raised an incredulous eyebrow.
“Wouldn’t they? How much do you know of the Antinium? How much do you know of Klbkch the Slayer’s past?”
Klbkch the Slayer? Erin had never heard of that title. She opened her mouth, but the other woman waved her to silence.
“I am Lady Magnolia Reinhart. I have no enemies upon this continent, or so it is said. And yet I consider the Antinium Queens my greatest nemeses. Consider that for one moment, and please, think before you reply.”
Erin opened her mouth, hesitated, glared at Ressa, and then thought. Magnolia watched her, not without a bit of sympathy.
“The Antinium do battle much in the way your world fights, or so I gather.”
Erin blinked. Lady Magnolia smiled and clarified her statement.
