2.39
Page 9
Mrsha is cowering in the snow, away from me. She’s shaking so hard that it looks like she’s vibrating.
All at once, the anger goes out of me.
“Mrsha. I—”
I step towards her. She flinches away. I stop.
“I’m sorry.”
I sit in the snow, flames gone. Embers remain, but they smolder on. Yet guilt and sadness are in me now, too strong to ignore.
I’ve really made a mess of things this time, haven’t I? I thought a few potions and some alchemist’s tricks would change things. But I—
I was arrogant. And now that arrogance has cost lives. If I had levels, maybe I would have gotten to Mrsha sooner, or maybe I would have been able to fight. Maybe—
But now it’s too late. Far too late.
Ever since that night, the voice of the system or whatever it was has stopped speaking to me. Usually, every night really, I’d hear some kind of notification in my head and cancel it. [Barefoot Runner Level 1!], or [Disciple Level 3!] after the fight I had with Calruz. Yet now that I’m waiting for it, I hear nothing.
Nothing at all.
I guess it just gave up on me. Or that was part of the price I paid? I don’t know. I only know that I got away from certain death and paid for that miracle with two fingers. And I know that Mrsha survived, at the cost of her entire tribe.
Maybe they were fated to die, and this allowed one to live instead of others. Or maybe the faeries altered destiny so the tribe died instead of just Mrsha. I guess I’ll never know.
But I remember the Goblin Lord. I remember his eyes, and his damn army.
I clench my fists as Mrsha slowly stops shaking and looks up at me. I force myself to smile unconvincingly at her. But inside, the madness rears up again.
I will never forgive them. They will die. I swear it.
I am no killer. That’s what Erin told me. But those monsters deserve to die. And I will kill them, even if it means I can never go back to who I used to be.
For now, I look at Mrsha and try to make my voice soft. Reassure her. I wish I knew how. She’s just a kid. She needs an expert to help her with the trauma and loss. But I’ve been marching her relentlessly.
“I’m sorry for shouting, Mrsha. We’re nearly there. Once we get to the city, we can eat and sleep, okay? We’ll be safe there.”
I point and Mrsha squints. Liscor is visible across the rolling plains of snow in the distance. She looks uncertain.
“We’ll be safe, I promise.”
What a lie. And how could I promise that to a kid who’s just seen her family cut down around her? But Mrsha nods, trusting me and so we walk on as knives of guilt cut my stomach to ribbons.
On and on, in numb silence.
It feels like a second before I’m staring at a wooden door. I look around and blink. It’s night time. Mrsha leans against my leg, too tired to do anything else. The faeries are gone. I look around, but their glow is nowhere to be seen.
Good. I guess. My head is full of fog. I raise my left hand, my good hand, and knock.
For a minute I think no one’s coming. But there’s light in the windows. Please let her be there. Then I hear the scraping of bolts in the lock and the door opens.
Light and warmth spill out into the cold night. I blink.
“Ryoka?”
A familiar face fills the doorway. It’s strange, but she hasn’t changed a bit.
“Hi, Erin.”
She beams at me. I can barely lift my head. I’m back.
All the strength goes out of my legs. I collapse forwards, onto Erin.
She yelps and catches me just in time.
“Ryoka? What’s wrong?”
“I’m back.”
“Are you hurt? Are you tired? Hold on, let me—who’s this?”
