2.39
Page 8
This is black fury, terrible madness that grips me. And with it, I hear the little voice I thought I’d buried. It whispers to me.
Kill everything. Kill everyone. Stab them. Gouge their eyes out. Rip them to shreds.
Let the damn world burn.
I can’t stop looking at my hand. The place where my fingers should be. And memory. I can remember Urksh and the Stone Spears tribe.
All dead.
All because of me.
Goblins. I woke up screaming two nights in a row, hand burning, infected. I scared Mrsha. Even now, the Gnoll cub is following me, but a ways away. She fears me and maybe, hates me for what I did.
The price paid for her life, and mine come to that.
I look down at her, and the Gnoll looks up at me. Her fur is so white now, the color of fresh snow. She’s almost invisible if she stops, and her brown eyes are the only real color on her body aside from her claws and nose. She is…silent.
She’s always been silent. But now Mrsha walks like a ghost. She has lost her tribe. Her family, her friends…
All because of me.
Even now I see the faerie hovering overhead. I hear Urksh, hear his voice over the sounds of his tribe dying around him.
“We offer everything.”
Did any of them survive? Any of them? Or did the entire damn army die as well? What was the price?
Mrsha stumbles, tripping over something in the snow. I stop, and she slowly gets to her feet.
She’s tired. And hungry. Neither of us have eaten.
“It’s only a little farther. Can you walk?”
She nods. I nod back. There’s nothing more to say. If I carried her I would fall within a mile.
“I’m sorry.”
How many times have I said that? How many times did I see it when I woke and remembered? Mrsha just looks up at me silently, her young eyes judging. But she can’t tell me how she feels.
It doesn’t matter. I know. I know what it’s like, to lose faith in someone you admired. I failed Mrsha. I brought her stories and then death. I gave her a small dream and then took everything she had.
I…this is all my fault*.
*Of course it isn’t. I know it isn’t. I’m not responsible for all of it. I didn’t force armies to fight or make the Goblins kill. But it is my fault. Mine alone.
Too late to go back. Too late to offer something else. She is all that remains, and I must take care of her. So I turn and look across the snowy plains.
Something flits down into my line of sight. A body made of crystal and ice. Immortality frozen into the shape of a small faerie. She looks at me.
“Yon city is but an hour’s journey away. Do not stop now.”
It almost makes me laugh. The faeries are worried about us. About me. I look at her.
“What was the price? What was paid, and what was lost?”
She looks at me in silence. It’s the same question I’ve asked every time one of them comes near. Silently, the faerie flies back up with the others.
They’ve been avoiding me. Can’t they answer?
“What did we pay? Was it really that steep a price!?”
I shout up at them. Mrsha hunkers in the snow and covers her ears with her paws. The faeries look at me, silent judges.
“Do not ask, mortal. What is done is done. Only regrets can come of knowing what might have been.”
I snap. I don’t remember seizing the rock in the snow and hurling it up at the faeries. I scream at them, my voice raw and furious.
“Fuck you! Give me a goddamn straight answer for once you bitches! Tell me! Damn you all, you traitorous conniving demons! What was the price!? Tell me or—”
Something. I see a shivering ball of fur cowering on the ground beside me as I hurl snow and scream at the retreating faeries. I halt, stop.
