2.39
Page 1
“Where did all this come from?”
“Oh, that? It’s um…a gift. I can’t eat it with just Lyon, so everyone grab a plate and have some. Lyonette—more plates! And forks. And spoons and knives. And cups!”
The girl looked up with disgust, but Toren shepherded her back into the kitchen. Relc stared after the girl and scratched his head, looking briefly put out, but Klbkch spoke to Erin as Selys happily investigated the food.
“I regret that Pawn is not able to visit. He is occupied within the Hive.”
“And I couldn’t find Olesm. I think he’s busy at the Runner’s Guild for some reason. I saw him taking a huge stack of parchment there earlier.”
Selys eyed the food Erin had spread on the table. Magnolia, for all her objectionable traits, was certainly generous when it came to food. Since Erin had fallen asleep before she’d touched the spread, she had two different roasted pheasants, over ten cuts of meat, cheeses, two bottles of wine, fruits that were only slightly wilted, bread, some kind of spicy dip, a sweet dip, olives, and even a crab—
“Is this really all a gift from this Reinhart lady? Did she like you that much, Erin?”
“I think she was just being…generous. She’s really rich, I think.”
“Wow. You know, I knew she was important after Ceria told me about her messenger, but I didn’t know she was that important.”
“You’ve never heard of her?”
Erin was curious. Selys scratched at one cheek and twitched her tail in embarrassment.
“Well, it’s just—she’s a Human, you know, Erin? I guess I just don’t pay attention to famous Humans that much. I might have heard her name once or twice…maybe she was important historically? How old is she? Anyways, I could name a few important adventurers and teams, but not more than that.”
“So no one knows of Lady Magnolia Reinhart?”
“Reinhart? She was the one who sent that carriage?”
Relc looked up from the food as Toren and Lyonette reappeared. Klbkch looked at Erin as well.
“Yeah. She wanted to talk. So you know her, Relc?”
He shrugged.
“The Deadly Flower? Yeah, I’ve heard of her.”
“Oh! From the Antinium Wars! That’s her?”
Selys gasped in sudden realization.
“But she’s a hero! And she helped beat the Antinium both times. I had no idea!”
She glanced over at Klbkch and froze.
“Uh—”
Klbkch nodded as he delicately consumed a slice of beef.
“I have never met Magnolia Reinhart in person, but I am well aware of her accomplishments. I am curious as to why she wished to speak with you, Erin.”
He looked at Erin, and she realized he probably knew why. Relc scratched his spines and shrugged.
“Who cares? I mean, you can tell us, but free food is free food, right? Can I have all of this?”
“Sure.”
“Great!”
Relc began heaping a plate with as much food as possible, much to Lyon’s outrage. She glared daggers at the Drake which Relc happily ignored. Lyonette tried to load her own plate while keeping as far away from any non-Human as possible. That was fairly impossible, but she gravitated more towards Selys than Klbkch or Relc, staying the furthest away from the Antinium.
“This is so tasty!”
Selys smiled at Erin as the two took their plates to a table. Relc wavered, but Klbkch tapped him on the shoulder and they took a table a few feet away. Erin had noticed the lack of invitation from Selys, as well as the way the Drake had kicked her when she opened her mouth to invite the other two to join her.
“Why don’t you want to eat with Relc?”
She whispered that to Selys when she was sure the other Drake was investigating one of the kegs Erin had put on the bar’s counter in the back. Selys made a face.
