2.39
Page 5
“Good decision. Your little pet monster won’t stop me. And neither will you.”
He moved towards Erin.
“Drake.”
Halrac half-rose from his table. Relc pointed at him.
“Stay out of this, Human.”
He looked back at Erin as Halrac hesitated. He was armed, but Erin didn’t want a fight. She shook her head at him as Relc stared at the two Goblins.
“I’ve seen those things kill countless good people. They’re heartless murderers that don’t deserve a chance.”
“You’re wrong.”
“What?”
Erin crossed her arms. She felt like a small bug in front of Relc. His rage seemed to be coming off him like heat. He loomed over Erin, but she refused to take a step back.
She saw the small bodies, held the severed heads of the dead Goblins in her hands. She saw the child looking up at her with hate in her eyes. Never again.
“You will not hurt them. Not here, and not anywhere. Do you understand me? They are under my protection. If you hurt them, you will be my enemy.”
Erin’s chest was tight. The air felt hot, but now she felt like her entire being was being poured into those words. She stared at Relc and felt something alive around her. She pushed, and he narrowed his eyes.
“You’ll regret it, Human.”
“Maybe I will. But until then, I’ll do what I think is right.”
The air was hot. Erin met Relc’s gaze for a long time, an eternity. At last, he looked away.
“Okay, you know what? I’m fine.”
Relc raised his hands. He sat back down. He grabbed a piece of meat and turned back to his plate as if nothing had happened.
The sudden lack of hostility nearly made Erin stumble. She stared at Relc’s back and then got angry. Just like that?
She couldn’t let it go. Not like this. Erin’s pulse was thundering, but she felt oddly calm, as if she was standing on the brink.
“No. Get out.”
Relc paused as he reached for another piece of meat.
“What?”
“You heard me. Get out. You’re not welcome here right now.”
“I’m not going to pester your little Goblin friends.”
“It doesn’t matter. You said—you made yourself clear.”
Erin bit her tongue as she stumbled over her words. They sounded stupid in her ears, but her chest was still tight.
“You were nice to me. But if you can’t tolerate my guests, then you’re not welcome in my inn. Go away, and maybe I’ll let you come back later. But not now. Not tonight.”
Relc’s eyes narrowed.
“You sure you want to do that? I’m a guardsman of the city. You can’t just—”
“Relc.”
Another voice interrupted him. Klbkch spoke. His voice was dry and calm as ever, but there was an edge to it.
“Do not use your position as a guardsman here. Erin Solstice has spoken. She is within her rights. I will testify to that if need be.”
Relc’s head turned. His tail was very still as he looked at his friend.
“Stay out of this, Klb.”
“The [Innkeeper]’s word is law here, guardsman. Don’t push it.”
Now Halrac spoke up. From his chair he stared at Relc. His hands weren’t quite at his belt, but Erin could see a dagger at his side. Relc stared at him.
“You think a dagger will scare me? I could take both you and Klb together. Want to see?”
“No one’s fighting anyone.”
Erin raised her voice. She felt the pressure on her intensify as Relc shifted his gaze her way. But she was also pushing back, and she felt the air around her growing solid. It was like she was pushing down on the entire inn.
“Didn’t you hear me, Relc? Leave.”
He stood up fast. Erin didn’t move, but both Klbkch and Halrac did. They walked forwards but Relc stepped towards Erin.
“Do you think I’m scared of you?”
“No.”
