2.39
Page 10
I try to pick myself up as Erin fumbles for the door. It’s almost comedic so I smile, but then I see Mrsha peeking anxiously at Erin from the snow.
“Mrsha.”
“Who?”
Erin’s face is a picture of confusion as I turn and beckon. The Gnoll hesitates, but she steps into the warm inn and sniffs the air.
“Oh! She’s so cute!”
Erin bends down and Mrsha leaps back out the door like a wild animal. I sigh.
“It’s okay. Erin—this is Erin Solstice, Mrsha. She’s a friend.”
A friend. I hold the door open. Mrsha hesitates, but she pads in again. This time Erin maintains a respectful distance.
“Where did she come from, Ryoka?”
How can I explain? I just sigh.
“It’s a long story. Her name is Mrsha. She’s just a kid. I brought her here because there’s nowhere else for her to go.”
Mrsha pads a bit into the room, her nails clicking on the floorboards. She’s on all fours—it seems Gnolls alternate between two and four legs and she’s still used to four legs for movement. She sniffs and stares at the dim embers in the fireplace, but she stays next to me.
Erin looks at Mrsha, eyes widening as she realizes what I mean.
“Oh no. Did you—was she lost? Or…abandoned?”
“Neither. Her tribe’s gone, Erin.”
It’s all I can say right now. Even that hurts. Erin’s eyes widen, but it takes her only a few seconds to get it. She’s lived in this world as long as I have. Possibly longer. She knows what I mean.
“I’m so sorry. Hey sweetie, are you alright?”
Erin bends down with a big smile for Mrsha. But Mrsha just edges away. She hides behind a table, staring at Erin. I can’t blame her for being afraid.
“Mrsha. It’s alright. Erin’s not dangerous. She’s nice. She’ll help look after you.”
Better than I can. Mrsha peeks up at Erin from around the table and I realize how thin she’s gotten. She barely ate after that first night, and without food—
Erin lets Mrsha sniff at her hand, but Mrsha’s still shy. She looks up at Erin with wide eyes, and I realize that she’s probably only the second Human that Mrsha’s ever met.
Too bad. If she’d met Erin first—
I close my eyes. It all hurts.
I lean on one of Erin’s tables, exhausted. My hand splays out and Erin looks down and gasps.
“Your hand—”
I grimace. It’s still hard for me to look at the stumps. I wrapped them in some bandages, but—
“It doesn’t matter. I’ll tell you later.”
“Tell me later? Ryoka, what hap—”
“Feed her first. She hasn’t had any food today.”
I point to Mrsha. My stomach is empty, and I’m about to pass out from hunger. Mrsha must be worse off. Her ears perk up when I say ‘food.’
Erin’s still hesitating. She’s looking at my hand, and that makes me…irritated. I know it’s bad. Haven’t I stared at it every second of every day? But that’s not important.
“Erin. Food.”
My friend jerks and Mrsha jumps back. Erin looks around wildly.
“Food? We’ve got food. There’s some leftover meat—uh—where did Toren put it?”
She raises her voice to shout for the damn skeleton.
“T—”
“Don’t.”
I have to raise my voice in a half-shout that scares both Erin and Mrsha. Both look at me.
“What?”
“Don’t call Toren. You’ll scare her.”
I can’t believe I have to explain it to her. My temper—it flares and goes out. Not Erin’s fault. Erin blinks at me, and then looks at Mrsha.
“Oh, right!”
My teeth grit together as Erin rushes into the kitchen and goes looking for the food. Why am I angry? I mean, why am I angry at her? It’s not Erin’s fault if she’s thoughtless—
Control yourself. I can’t trust my emotions at the moment. I take a few deep breaths as the chill leaves me and exhaustion fills my limbs. It’s okay. Everything’s okay now.
