2.39
Page 4
“He’s…hungry?”
Erin spread her hands out as Selys kicked her.
“Ow! I don’t know! What’s the problem?”
Selys lowered her voice and hissed at Erin.
“The problem is that he’s a Hobgoblin! They’re not like normal Goblins. They’re dangerous! Even a normal Silver-rank adventurer wouldn’t be a match for one!”
“Well…he’s with Rags! That means he could be okay!”
“That’s not your only problem, Erin. After that Goblin raiding party—this isn’t good.”
“This is my inn. What’s the problem?”
Selys nodded.
“Him.”
Erin looked over and saw Relc. It wasn’t like she’d forgotten the last time Relc and Rags had met, but now that she looked over, she could see Relc’s expression. Selys looked grim.
“He’s not going to stay calm, Erin. He’s going to start a fight.”
“He won’t do that.”
Selys gave Erin one of the flattest looks the girl had ever received. If the Drake had eyebrows, both of them would have been raised. Erin hesitated.
“Right?”
Rags and the mysterious other Goblin chose a table on the other end of the inn, away from Relc and the other guests. Erin was relieved for that, and hoped she could maintain the peace throughout the night. After all, the Goblins weren’t doing anything, and Relc wasn’t that crazy, was he?
Her optimism lasted for ten minutes. Then, as Relc was going back for more food he paused in front of the table and sniffed the air theatrically.
“Does something stink in here, or is it just me?”
Erin’s heart sank. She watched Relc turn towards the Goblins, heart pounding. Relc opened his mouth and Erin spoke.
“Stop it, Relc.”
He turned to look at her. Relc’s eyes were smoldering, and he seemed even bigger than normal. Erin’s heart was pounding. She did not want to be here. She didn’t want this to be happening. But she had to say it.
“They’re not doing anything. Leave them alone.”
“Me? I didn’t say it was the Goblins who stank—”
“Relc.”
Klbkch spoke up from his table. His voice was low, but Relc hunched his shoulders. The Drake made no further comment but stomped back to his table.
Both Goblins had looked up when Relc spoke, but they returned to their meal as if nothing had happened. The taller one was looking between Erin and Relc with interest, but neither seemed upset.
If that was all, Erin would have considered herself lucky. But no sooner had Relc put his plate down then he raised his mug high into the air.
“Hey Klb, let’s toast our friends. You know, the ones who died defending that village from monsters, you remember?”
He raised his mug and spoke loudly to the room.
“To Byssa, Invrss, and Olivis, who died protecting us from a real threat. Those bastard Goblins.”
The inn was silent as Relc noisily drank the entire mug down. He tossed the glass casually onto the table and looked at Rags. She stared back.
“Stop it.”
Erin was on her feet. Her knees were shaking, but she made herself stand. She walked in front of Relc and met his eyes.
“Why are you doing this?”
Relc met her eyes and Erin felt a shock. There was something dark in the large Drake’s gaze.
“Because I can’t stand the fact that you let them in here. Because you’re letting them eat while my friends are rotting in the ground.”
“They’re not the Goblins who killed your friends. Rags is di—”
“It doesn’t matter. They’re all the same!”
Relc picked up the mug and hurled it past Erin. She flinched and Selys screamed as the glass shattered.
Across the room Toren moved. He’d been standing still, but now he grabbed at his sword, purple eyes blazing.
“Toren! Stand still!”
He froze in place. Relc sneered at the skeleton.
