2.39
Page 2
“He was flirting with me on the way here, Erin. I just don’t want to give him the wrong idea so soon afterwards.”
“Oh.”
Erin had discussed the more…intimate…relations of each species with Selys before, but she’d never really asked about the Drake’s love life. But from the look on Selys’s face, Relc wasn’t included in any of her aspirations.
“Don’t you like him? I do.”
“As a friend, I guess. I mean, I don’t know him like you do. But I’d never date him, Erin!”
“Why? I mean, he’s not that bad, is he?”
Selys looked over at Relc as the Drake happily poured himself a drink of ale and grimaced.
“Well no, but—he’s really muscly, and he’s arrogant and selfish too. I know he’s a really important Senior Guardsman and he’s really high-level, but I’d hate to be the Drake who had to put up with him in a relationship. Anyways, I prefer guys who look…better, you know?”
Erin frowned at Relc.
“Really? He looks fine to me.”
“That’s because you’re a Human.”
Selys sighed. She swished her tail back and forth on the floorboards.
“Look, it’s not just that. He’s older than me, you know? I mean, I’m almost the same age as his d—”
She broke off as Relc walked over. His tail was wagging as he held up a mug.
“This is alcohol, right? You’re finally serving alcohol?”
He nearly had tears in his eyes. Erin nodded and grinned.
“I bought some—I even made this really weird special drink, but it’s uh, sort of in testing. It does weird things when people drink it.”
“Really? I’ll try some so long as I’m not throwing up afterwards.”
Selys looked intrigued. Relc nodded.
“I’ll try it even if I do throw up. Alcohol!”
He went back to his table as Erin turned back to Selys.
“Anyways, meeting with Magnolia was huge. She said so many things—”
“So tell me everything!”
Erin took a deep breath, and then looked towards the door. A second later, Halrac opened it. The [Scout] grunted when he saw the food on the table before his eyes flicked to Erin.
“Are you open?”
Relc looked over and froze, but Klbkch seemed perfectly at ease. Selys had frozen in her seat, but Erin only smiled wider.
“Come on in, Halrac! Get a plate and have something to eat—it’s a buffet tonight!”
The older man eyed the spread without comment. He seemed puzzled by it, possibly because he could identify the rich food as out of place in the inn, but he loaded up his plate and took a table away from the others.
Erin resolved to talk to Halrac later, after she’d finished eating. He was so silent, except when he was bugging her about having more of that faerie flower drink. But she bet she could get him to open up if she talked enough. She turned and saw Selys gaping at her.
“What? Do I have something on my face?”
“Erin! That’s Halrac! Halrac as in, Halrac from Griffon Hunt! The Gold-rank [Scout]!”
“Um. Yeah?”
Erin knew that. She couldn’t remember if Halrac had told her or she’d heard it somewhere else, but Selys seemed blown away by that fact.
“What is he doing here!? I thought he was staying at Peslas’ inn!”
“Really? Well, he comes in every night. I guess he likes my inn better.”
Erin felt a bit smug at that, but Selys shook her head.
“But he’s famous, Erin! How’d you even meet him? I mean, maybe he’s not as famous as Magnolia Reinhart—”
“Who you didn’t know.”
“—Shut up. I know adventurers because it’s my job, okay? Halrac’s a veteran. He’s killed Griffons by himself and he’s probably the closest to becoming a Named Adventurer in Liscor right now.”
“Well, he’s a good customer. Silent. Doesn’t throw things. And he tips well.”
“He’s rich.”
