2.39
Page 12
When I speak of the night that Mrsha lost everything, the Gnoll child flattens herself to the ground and covers her eyes with her paws, shaking. Tears trickle down her face. Erin looks at her but I keep going.
It must be said. And it’s so easy, too.
“I struck a bargain with the faeries. They helped save Mrsha and me, but the Stone Spears tribe—all of them—we left them behind to the Goblins. The army was in retreat and I ran with the faeries. They froze everything in our way. I don’t know what happened to the others.”
The memories almost wipe the living world from me. I see ghosts, blood, and death. But the world swims back into vision when I hear Erin crying.
She’s crying. My eyes are dry. Erin’s shoulder shake as she stares at me. It hurts. Her sympathy hurts. I look away.
Erin wipes tears from her eyes. She goes to pet Mrsha, but the Gnoll jerks away. She scampers under a table and curls up into a ball.
Heartbreak. My eyes are dry, and my soul is bleeding. I look at Erin.
“We came back. The faeries are still around. Mrsha has nowhere to go. Can you take care of her at your inn?”
“Of—of course. Absolutely. No problem.”
Erin looks around for something to blow her nose on. In the end she runs into the kitchen and comes out with a dirty rag. I eye her as she wipes the snot from her face.
“I’m so, so sorry.”
“You’ve said that. It happened.”
Nothing can change that. I sit at the table and stare at my fingers. So much, and yet so little. Not enough of a price, and yet—
They’re gone. Forever. No potion will bring them back. Not even Magnolia’s healer friend can restore missing body parts, just restore damaged ones.
Gone forever. A small price to pay.
“The Goblin Lord is still out there.”
I clench my hand, ignoring the pain. I sense Erin grow still as she sits next to me. I look at her.
“You need to be careful. His army was many days south of here, but he could come north. If he does—”
“If he does we’ll see. But for now you’re safe. I’ll lock the doors and Toren should be back. I’ll tell him to guard the inn.”
“Fine.”
Erin fidgets in her seat. I look at her. Why is she so easy to read? Doesn’t she have any…
“What is it, Erin?”
She hesitates.
“Um. Rags is in the area. With another Goblin.”
Silence. In my heart. I feel my fingers throbbing.
“Keep her away. If I see a Goblin right now I will kill it.”
I meet Erin’s eyes. Mine feel like they’re burning. She looks startled, but not afraid. Have I ever seen Erin afraid? But then her expression clouds and I see…disappointment.
It makes me angry. How can she judge me, when she’s heard what happened? How can she let Goblins into this inn?
How can—
I need her. I try to stuff the insanity welling up in my chest further down, but it keeps bubbling up. Pockets of madness.
“What happened here?”
I ask to distract myself. I don’t know that I really care. Erin hesitates. Now she looks worried.
“Oh, nothing much. Nothing…too important.”
“Erin.”
“Well…okay, some stuff happened.”
“Tell me.”
Hesitate. Fidget. She looks at Mrsha, and then at her hands. I stare at her. At last, Erin gives in and begins to chatter nervously.
“Oh I met some Gold-rank adventurer’s after I took this girl into my inn. She’s sort of annoying but they were going to let her die in the cold if I didn’t help. So that led to a fight and then I found out the faerie flowers were useful and I kicked Relc out after he got mad at Rags’ Goblin friend and ImaybewenttoseeLadyMagnoliatoday and—”
