2.39
Page 14
“Don’t touch m—”
I throw her. Erin slams into the table and I realize I’ve gone too far. She gets up fast. I raise my hands.
I want to fight. I want to hit something. But the rest of me wants to stop. A voice is screaming inside my head, the same voice that shouted when I fought Calruz.
But it’s too loud. Everything hurts. My heart is in pieces. I just want to hit something, and get hit back. Maybe then—
Erin swings at me. Slow. Clumsy. I step back and punch her. With my bad hand. My stumps collide with her chest and I grab at my hand in agony.
While I’m bent over, Erin clenches her fist. She punches at my chest. I see the blow coming a mile away. I raise my arms to block—
 
—-
 
Thump.
The impact was so heavy it made Ryoka’s entire world disappear for a second. The impact sent her flying backwards. Ryoka flipped over the table and hit the floor. She lay there, silent and breathless for a few seconds, before she gasped and rolled to one side.
Erin stood, shaking as she stared at Ryoka. [Minotaur Punch]. She hadn’t meant to use it. She hesitated. Should she go and help—
Something sharp stabbed into Erin’s ankle. She screamed in pain as it began to gnaw at her flesh, like needles jabbing into her skin.
“Aaaah!”
Erin shouted and waved her arms in a panic as she tried to shake off the thing that was biting her. She managed to fling it off and then saw Mrsha fly through the air. The Gnoll child crashed into a table and fell to the ground, whimpering in pain.
“Oh no, I’m so sorry—”
Ignoring her bleeding ankle, Erin rushed over. Mrsha blinked as she got to all fours, and then her eyes focused on Erin. She snapped and Erin nearly lost a finger. Mrsha leapt at Erin, and the girl yelled in pain as Mrsha tried to claw at her face.
“Mrsha! Stop!”
The Gnoll paused. She looked over as Ryoka got to her feet. The other girl was clutching at her chest, wincing, but she was unharmed. She pointed at Erin.
“Get off of her.”
The Gnoll hesitated. Then she leapt off of Erin, her needle claws digging into Erin’s flesh one last time. She ran to Ryoka and circled the girl anxiously.
Slowly, Erin stood up and looked at Ryoka. The other girl met her eyes. The anger that had been smoldering in her gaze was suddenly gone, extinguished by the brief fight. She looked down at Mrsha, and then back at Erin.
Neither girl seemed to know what to say. Erin stood and stared at Ryoka, still feeling the pain in her chest from where the girl had poked her. Her ears were still red, and she was angry—
Until she looked at Ryoka’s fingers. And Ryoka’s fury was gone too. She sagged, and suddenly seemed a hundred years old.
“I’m sorry, Erin.”
“No. I’m sorry too.”
Awkwardly, Erin walked over and helped Ryoka sit down. The Asian girl winced as she sat and touched her chest.
“What was that?”
“Uh, [Minotaur Punch]. It’s…a skill. I shouldn’t have used it. I’m sorry.”
“Strong. If I hadn’t blocked it would have cracked my ribs. Nearly did anyways.”
Ryoka took a few deep breaths, wincing. She nodded at Mrsha as the Gnoll circled her legs.
“I’m sorry Mrsha bit you.”
“No—it was my—”
“It was my fault. I shouldn’t have said any of that.”
Ryoka stared blankly at the table. Erin didn’t know what to say. At last, Ryoka looked up.
“Strong. I guess that’s what levels give you, isn’t it? Power.”
“Yeah?”
Erin didn’t know what Ryoka meant, but the girl nodded. She stared at the table again, and her hands.
“If I had levels, I could have saved them. Maybe.”
