2.39
Page 0

She slept on the way back. Somehow, Erin found she was extremely tired after her meeting with Magnolia, and despite it being only dusk she slept like a baby.
She woke up as Reynold slowed the coach next to her inn. Erin blinked, looked around wildly, and realized she was home.
Home. It was an odd thing to say, and even odder that the sight of Toren’s skeletal frame standing in front of her inn was reassuring, but there it was.
Erin was home.
It was the work of a few minutes for Erin to extricate herself from the carriage. Not because she was that slow; Reynold insisted on helping her pack up the huge meal Lady Magnolia had sent with her. It was far too much for Erin to eat, but she suspected Lyonette might enjoy the rich food.
“Thanks so much for driving me out here, Reynold.”
“It was my pleasure Miss Solstice.”
“Erin. Um, will you come in for something to eat? Or I could make you up a bed. It’s getting late.”
The [Butler] smiled.
“I fear I must decline. I will return to Lady Magnolia’s side shortly, but I thank you for the offer.”
“Oh, it’s no—if you ever have time, come by and I’ll treat you to a meal on the house, okay?”
“It would be my pleasure.”
Erin watched as the man climbed back in the carriage and the horses began to gallop. She looked over at Toren as the skeleton walked down the hill. He stared at her. She stared back.
“Hi.”
He nodded. Erin looked at him for a few more seconds.
“Is Lyonette here?”
He nodded, and pointed up towards the inn. On cue the doors flew open and Erin heard a strident voice.
“Is he gone? Come back! I insist—!”
The girl dashed down the slope and stopped, waving her arms and shouting at the coach. She turned to Erin, furious.
“How dare he? The nerve—did you inform Magnolia Reinhart of my distress? When will she send for me? You may pass any correspondence from her directly to me.”
She looked at Erin expectantly. Erin blinked.
“Um. She knows you’re here.”
“And?”
“And that’s it. I don’t think she’s sending anyone else. Hey Toren, help me carry all this food to the inn. You can have this basket. And this bundle. And I’ll take this…there’s some good food in here so don’t drop it.”
Erin trooped up to her inn and went inside, ignoring Lyonette’s outraged monologue. The noble girl calmed down only slightly when she saw the feast Erin had brought back.
“Hmf. Well at least the woman was decent enough to provide me with a decent meal as recompense. I will await her reply while I make do.”
Erin suspected Lyonette would be waiting for a long time, but she wisely didn’t mention that.
“If you set the table we can eat, Lyonette.”
The girl stared at Erin. Erin stared back. Lyonette’s petulant self-righteousness was a far cry from Ressa’s stare and Lady Magnolia’s sheer presence. In a few seconds the girl flounced into the kitchen.
She was just finishing setting the table—badly—and Toren had emerged with a jug of cold milk when the door slammed open.
“Humans!”
Relc bellowed the words and Lyonette screamed and dropped the forks and ran for the stairs. Erin laughed.
“Relc! And Klbkch! And Selys?”
The [Receptionist] walked in as Klbkch held the door open and smiled at Erin.
“Hi Erin. I hope I’m not bothering you, but I saw that coach come in and everyone was headed this way, so…”
Klbkch shut the door and nodded to Erin.
“I hope we are not interrupting you today, Miss Solstice?”
“No, that’s great, come in!”
Erin waved the three into her inn happily. She hated being alone, which was to say, trapped with either Lyon or Toren. Relc chortled with delight when he saw the spread of food Toren had placed on one of the tables.
