2.40
Page 15
“It’s just the flowers and some alcohol! It’s part of one of the skills I learned, Ryoka! It’s called [Wondrous Fare] and Halrac says it makes you feel better! He’s had lots!”
Erin looks over at him and the adventurer nods. He stares at the drink on the table.
“It…brings back happy memories. For a time. I imagine the Gnoll child will sleep after drinking it, in any case.”
I stare at Erin. Faerie flowers can be made into a magical drink? Why did I not think of that? No—is Erin a genius or just insane?
“Are you sure it’s safe?”
“Why don’t you try some?”
Erin offers me the drink. I accept the mug and stare into it. Halrac looks at the piss-colored liquid as if it’s liquid gold, but I’m not so sure.
“It’s not bad?”
“The alcohol is swill, but I’ll vouch for its effects. I’ll have one myself, and pay what you want for it.”
“Really? Ooh, what should I charge?”
“Is that drink for everyone? I’d like to try some too if we’re having samples.”
Selys stands up and stares at the mug, as does Klbkch. Erin picks some more flowers as I stare at the liquid.
It’s not like I haven’t tried…certain medicinal herbs…before. But that was just once, and I’ve never smoked or taken any hard drugs. I love to run, not mess up my body. But if Erin was confident enough to give it to Mrsha—
At the very least I should see what effect it has. I hesitate, but Erin’s already mixing up another three mugs. Cautiously, I down the drink.
Yep. That’s some crap. Did Erin buy the cheapest alcohol available? I frown as I swallow. I don’t sense any other taste, but it was just a few drops. How long does the effect l—
 
The world dissolves around me. Into rushing air. Into mist and smoke that drifts up from the fire.
I stare at Urksh as Mrsha sits next to me, staring up at me. The Gnolls in the camp bustle around, laughing, talking, as I stare at him. He looks up from a bit of hot fish and grins at me.
“You look shocked, Ryoka Griffin. Is this not what you wished to see?”
“No. No, I—”
I falter. Mrsha looked up inquiringly, her brown fur shining in the firelight. Urksh laughs.
“It is well. Rest here a while before continuing on your journey.”
“I will. I just—”
A piece of hot fish—mackerel, maybe, is resting in my hand. Hot enough to nearly burn my skin, but not quite. So warm and tender that I can bite into it and banish the cold of the night air. The fire in front of me warms my skin, and Mrsha sighs as she snuggles into my side.
I look at Urksh. He smiles as he sits in the cold winter air. The Gnolls laugh as they prepare to sleep for the night.
“I just wanted to say I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
He nods.
“I know. But it is not you who must apologize, yes? We paid the price as we wished.”
“Yeah. It’s just—”
He shakes his head.
“Eat, Ryoka Griffin. And then, perhaps, tell us another story. The one about the [King] with the sword was particularly good, I thought.”
Mrsha nods. She sits up eagerly, and I raise the fish to my lips. The scent makes my mouth water, and I see Gnolls drifting over. They sit together, warm, happy, full. The cold air blows, but it is banished by the warmth here. I open my mouth, and my teeth sink into the hot food—
 
“Ryoka? You’re doing the same staring thing. Are you okay?”
“Oh.”
The vision fades. I stare at Erin. She smiles nervously at me.
“No good? Everyone’s gone silent. I tried the drink, but I only had a bit and I just felt happy when I remembered playing chess against Pawn. Is it too strong or good like that?”
