2.40
Page 12
“I just told her…her tribe is gone. Gone, and never coming back. Gone because she brought disaster with her. Because she is cursed.”
Silence. I stare at Erin, and then Mrsha. She’s crying again.
Erin stands up. She doesn’t say a word. She just punches Brunkr hard enough to send him crashing into a wall. Krshia nods in approval.
“My deepest apologies, Erin Solstice.”
“I think we should go.”
Erin looks sadly down at Mrsha. She’s crying, and clinging to me. I feel her claws piercing my skin, but I just hold her. Krshia looks sadly at us, her eyes lingering on Mrsha’s white fur.
White as snow. A pure color. White, the color of purity, innocence.
And also death.
 
—-
 
It’s a slow procession home. I carry Mrsha, even though she’s heavy. She’s still crying. I have to stop twice for her to throw up. All the food she ate comes up and she just clings to me harder.
Another failure of mine. I’m not worthy of even staying around her. But if Krshia can’t protect her, somehow I have to.
Somehow.
Erin and I don’t talk much on the way back, just slog through the deep snow. It looks like it will snow more tonight.
 
“Aha! I see the mortal fool has met the one who serves food! ‘Tis good!”
“But they move so slowly! Like ants! Like bugs!”
“Should we drop more snow on them? An avalanche? Hail?”
 
Frost Faeries fly down out of the air. I stare up at them. Now’s not the time, but they laugh and grin as if nothing’s wrong.
 
“Ho, travelers! Give us your coin or we shall bury you!”
“Brigands, we! Victims, thee!”
 
Erin winces, but she doesn’t respond to the faerie’s provocations. I have no such inhibitions.
“Get lost, you lot. Now’s not the time.”
“Ryoka!”
Erin hisses at me, but I just stare at the faeries. They pause.
 
“Ooh, the mortal has teeth! Are we disturbing you?”
 
I point to Mrsha. She’s buried her face in my clothes and hasn’t moved. I feel her tears soaking through my layers of clothes.
“You’re bothering her. Go away.”
The frost faeries hesitate. They stare at Mrsha and seem to confer. Then, without a word they fly away.
Erin gapes at me.
“How did you do that? They never listen to me!”
I shrug, adjusting my hold on Mrsha.
“Hit them where it hurts. They like children.”
As if to spite me, I feel something gently smack me in the back of the head. Erin wipes away the snow as I grit my teeth.
“Little freaks.”
Another snowball taps me on the back lightly. Erin shakes her head.
“I think they like you.”
“I’ve reached an…understanding with them.”
“That’s so…uh, well, it’s good, right?”
“Who knows?”
We walk on. In a few minutes we can see the door of Erin’s inn at the top of the hill, and something else.
“There’s a crowd at your inn.”
“Oh! I guess everyone thought I’d be in!”
Erin darts forwards, and I hear her calling to people ahead of me. I barely recognize any of the people who’re standing in front of the inn. A female Drake…Selys? And the Antinium’s either Pawn or Klbkch—no, Klbkch is the only one with two arms, so it must be him. And there’s an older guy in his thirties who I know I’ve never seen. He’s wearing leather armor and he looks like a fighter. And…
Goblins. My footsteps stop and my heart freezes in my chest. The small Goblin—Rags is standing next to a Hobgoblin in the snow, apart from the rest. I quickly look down at Mrsha, but she’s still oblivious to the world, clutching my chest.
Erin returns, beaming at me.
“Everyone’s here! Looks like I’ve got a full inn—what’s wrong?”
Only now does she see the expression on my face. I point with one hand to the Goblins.
“Them. Get them the hell out of here.”
“Who?”
