2.40
Page 8
“I knew Urksh. He was not the strongest Chieftain, not as a warrior, but he was wise. That he is gone is a true loss.”
“That the tribe is gone is a disaster.”
Brunkr growls as he clenches his fist. No tea for him. He looks at me, eyes full of passion and fury.
“What of the mining expedition? They may yet live. Gnolls will not die to Goblins so easily.”
I shift in my seat and shake my head.
“I had the same thought. But that army had over a hundred Hobgoblins in it. Even if the mining expedition wasn’t found…”
Krshia nods. Her expression is bleak.
“They would throw themselves upon the Goblins rather than live without their tribe. They are gone, Brunkr.”
“All except one.”
I nod at Mrsha. She blinks around as both Gnolls stare at her. Erin pats Mrsha on the shoulder soothingly, but Mrsha just edges towards her, away from Brunkr.
“Hrr. Yes. Young Mrsha.”
Krshia gets up from her chair. She bends down and Mrsha scoots back, but the other Gnoll’s face is nothing but kind. She growls something low and soothing and Mrsha’s death-grip on Erin’s arm slowly releases.
Mrsha doesn’t speak—she can’t—but she does reach out with one paw. Krshia lets Mrsha put a paw on her cheek, and then nuzzles the smaller Gnoll gently. White fur brushes against dark brown and I look away.
“Human.”
Brunkr looks at me, his eyes serious. I stare back. I don’t like Brunkr. He’s probably a solid, serious guy, but he doesn’t strike me as smart. And it’s smart I need right now. Smart, and willing to talk and compromise.
“What of the other tribes? Did you run and warn them? Or are they at the mercy of this Goblin army?”
Krshia steps back from Mrsha and looks disapprovingly at her nephew.
“If it is Shivertail, he will have had the Gnolls in his army howl, yes? The tribes will be warned. This Goblin army will not catch them so easily.”
She shakes her head.
“No. They are warned, but a meeting must be called. The tribes must either flee or band together to destroy this threat before a Goblin King arises.”
“I will lead the warriors south, to defend our tribe—”
Brunkr rises, but Krshia glares him back down.
“And do what? A few spears will make no difference against such a horde. Besides, you are weeks away and our tribe is secure. You are needed here.”
“To do what? Guard ashes?”
Brunkr’s hackles raise as he stares at his aunt. She glares back, and the mood in the room goes sour again. Mrsha edges away, and Erin looks worried. She hasn’t said much—I guess she’s worried about saying the wrong thing.
But I? I don’t care if the mood’s wrong. I just want to resolve this. So I clear my throat and get the two Gnolls to break off the staring match.
“That’s the second thing I need to talk to you about. Krshia Silverfang—”
She waves a paw.
“You are a friend of Erin’s. I am Krshia.”
I nod.
“Krshia, Mrsha here is without a home. I don’t know anything about Gnoll customs, but you’re the only Gnoll that Erin knows. Is there any way she could stay here?”
I’m not prepared for the look of horror Mrsha gives me. She tries to struggle out of Erin’s arms towards me, but the girl holds her. She’s giving me a look too. What?
Krshia hesitates. She casts an eye at Mrsha, and I see her expression as she looks at her white fur.
“Brunkr. Will you go and give Mrsha some food? I have some snacks from home she may like.”
It’s the cheapest of tricks, but Mrsha’s ears perk up at the word ‘food’. Brunkr glares, but he stands up and walks into the kitchen. Erin’s the only one who protests.
“Mrsha’s had a big breakfast, and a lot of these cubes. Maybe she should—”
