2.40
Page 14
I glance over at Halrac. He’s sitting alone, but he keeps staring at Mrsha. Is he bothered by her? Well, of course he would be. He stops Erin as she passes a table and points to Mrsha. And then, for some reason, I see him point to a bunch of flowers on a table near one of the windows.
“Flowers? Why the hell are there flowers in here?”
Selys looks over as she bites into some spaghetti with meatballs.
“Oh, those? I think they came from the faeries. That’s what Erin says, anyways.”
Klbkch and I stare at her.
“The Frost Faeries gave them to her? Why?”
“I dunno. For some meal she cooked them. Erin was pretty mad about it at the time.”
Oh my god. She didn’t. They didn’t. I stare in horror at the flowers as Erin goes over to them. Golden flowers. Is it too much of a leap of logic to assume…?
“Did she think they were golden coins?”
Klbkch stares at me as if I’m crazy, but Selys nods. She slurps down a noodle.
“That’s right! That’s what Erin said! How did you know?”
I put my face in my hands and groan. Did Erin just not remember those old stories about faeries? I hope she didn’t waste that much food on those bastards*.
 
*Is bastard the right word, here? Bitches might be more gender specific, but it doesn’t really encapsulate how much I sometimes hate those damn faeries.
 
“Pardon me. Am I to understand these flowers were enchanted to look like coins?”
I nod at Klbkch. It feels really odd to be sitting and chatting to an Antinium, much less Klbkch the Slayer. I want to talk with him, but not with Selys around.
“It’s something the faeries do. They trick people into accepting gold that turns to flowers or disappears the next day. Erin got taken for a ride.”
“I see. This is unfortunate.”
“Yeah, but Erin says the flowers are actually useful.”
“What?”
All three of us look over to the flowers. Erin is picking some and…squeezing them? Yes, she’s adding them to a mug and Halrac’s watching her with an intense expression. What the hell is going on?
But then Erin walks over to Mrsha with a mug full of ale and a few drops of that flower nectar mixed in. I frown as she gently touches Mrsha.
“Mrsha? You okay, honey?”
Mrsha swipes at Erin, but the other girl is out of arm’s reach. Erin touches Mrsha again.
“Hey, I don’t want to bother you sweetie, but I’ve got a drink. It’ll help you relax, okay?”
“The hell is she doing?”
Is Erin trying to get Mrsha drunk? I stand up, frowning, but Klbkch tugs on my arm.
“Please wait, Ryoka Griffin. I believe Erin Solstice may be attempting to do something beneficial.”
I hesitate. But then, this is Erin. I look back at the flowers, and then at the way Halrac’s staring at the mug. Flowers. Illusions.
Hallucinogens? Not the craziest thing I’ve heard of.
Even as I watch, Erin coaxes Mrsha out of her ball. The Gnoll sniffs at the mug, but curious as ever, she tastes some. I watch her gulp a few mouthfuls of the drink down with butterflies in my stomach. Mrsha’s eyes go wide, and then she sighs. She closes her eyes, and then goes limp.
“Mrsha?”
Erin turns towards me as I approach. She lets me take Mrsha. I feel at her anxiously.
“She’s just asleep, Ryoka. Or…in a trance. Halrac says the drink helps. I’ve tried it before, and it does make you feel better.”
“It will.”
I turn. Halrac, the Gold-rank adventurer is standing behind us. He nods to me.
“Miss Griffin? Erin Solstice has a unique drink. It’s liquid memory.”
“Memory? You mean it’s some kind of drug?”
I glare at Erin. She raises her hands defensively.
