2.40
Page 3
She vaguely remembered Erin having a good relationship with the Gnoll, but now Erin hesitated. She looked at the table and twiddled her thumbs.
“Um. There’s this thing with Krshia. ”
“What thing?”
“Well—”
Erin began explaining in a rather confused way a story about Gnolls and burning shops when Ryoka heard someone moving upstairs. Ryoka turned, and saw Lyon.
The young woman stood staring down at the room. Mrsha had gone silent as she appeared at the head of the stairs, but Lyonette’s eyes were fixed on Ryoka and Erin. She stared at the two girls, and then spoke in a haughty voice.
“I am awake. Where is breakfast?”
Ryoka watched Erin’s face change in a second. Her bright smile disappeared and she sighed. Ryoka stared at the other girl.
“Who the hell is that, Erin?”
“Oh—that’s Lyon.”
The other girl had heard her. She descended the stairs with chin raised.
“That is Lyonette de Marquin, peon.”
She was wearing somewhat ragged travelling clothes, and her hands were dirty from work. But she still conducted herself like some of the haughty girls Erin had sometimes seen, those born into money.
“Ryoka, meet Lyonette du…something. She’s uh, an employee I’ve hired.”
“I am pleased to meet you, Ryoka. I trust you will conduct yourself with the appropriate manners in my presence?”
Ryoka eyed Lyon as Erin scowled. She shrugged.
“Perhaps.”
Lyonette’s brows flashed together, but before she could speak, Erin interrupted.
“I’ve got some crepes in the kitchen, Lyonette. You can have them or some porridge. Or cereal. Help yourself.”
The haughty girl sniffed, but she went without another word. Ryoka stared at Erin.
“An employee?”
“Sort of. I mean, yes, but she’s not a good one.”
Erin rubbed at her eyes as Lyonette poked her head back into the common room.
“Where are the forks?”
“The drawer next to the cutting board.”
“Very well.”
“So, is she some kind of noble?”
“Yeah, she says—”
“Where are the cups?”
Erin’s left eye twitched.
“I’ve told you, it’s in the cupboard above the forks.”
“Ah.”
Ryoka watched Lyonette disappear. Mrsha had stopped playing with a ladle and was staring at the kitchen with interest.
“She reminds me of a female Pisces.”
“Even he wasn’t this bad.”
“So why haven’t you fired her?”
Erin shrugged helplessly.
“Because I can’t. She’s got nowhere to go, Ryoka. And if I send her north a monster will eat her. And she can’t go into the city because all the Gnolls want to kill her.”
Ryoka raised both her eyebrows. Erin shook her head.
“It’s a long, long story. And it’s actually why I’m not talking to Krshia, actually.”
“Then tell me. Start with—no, tell me what happened from the start. Let’s do this right.”
It took a while for Erin to relate the entire story, but for once, Ryoka managed to listen to all of it without many interruptions. Lyonette returned with her breakfast and ate in a corner. Mrsha abandoned her playing to stare at Lyon. Both girls tensed when Mrsha sniffed around Lyonette’s legs and the other girl froze up, but surprisingly, Lyonette let Mrsha paw at her without any screaming or noticeable revulsion.
“…And so now I can’t buy anything from any Gnoll shopkeepers, and I haven’t talked with Krshia since. I’ve been meaning to, but after all these adventurers came by and Magnolia wanted to chat…”
Erin spread her hands out helplessly. Ryoka nodded absently as she looked at Lyonette. She hadn’t exactly had a good impression of the girl from the start, but she was now right above Persua on Ryoka’s dislike list.
“And that’s what she’s like all the time? Just…”
