2.40
Page 4
Ryoka waved a hand at Lyon as the girl stared at Mrsha and the Gnoll stared back. Erin nodded miserably.
“Erin…”
“I know. But I didn’t know she was like that!”
Both girls watched as Mrsha scooted closer. Lyon hesitated, but then she gently patted Mrsha on the head. She began to scratch Mrsha behind the ears and the Gnoll child leaned into Lyon’s side. For once, Lyonette wasn’t scowling.
“That’s odd. Normally she runs away from anyone with fur or scales. Or dirty hands.”
Ryoka nodded. Then she spoke the thought that had coalesced in her mind ever since Erin had described meeting Lyonette.
“She’s a princess.”
Erin paused. Then she turned and stared at Ryoka.
“What?”
Ryoka nodded at Lyonette.
“She’s a runaway princess. She has to be.”
“Well, I know she says she’s noble, but a princess?”
The incredulous look Ryoka received did nothing to faze her. She shook her head.
“She is a princess. How can you not see that?”
“How are you seeing that?”
The other girl began to tick points off on her fingers.
“Running away from a royal family, calling other people peons, countless powerful magical artifacts, haughty attitude.”
She looked at Erin.
“How many stories do you know of where the princess runs away? Look at the way she acts—not to mention the fact that she seems to think Magnolia would just take her in. We’re in a world that has dragons and magic, Erin. Lyonette is a princess from Terandria. They have several royal families there.”
It was a lesson in facial expressions to watch Erin’s face. Incredulity turned to thoughtful contemplation, and then uneasy suspicion which became shock and realization, which finally merged into reluctant acceptance and deep regret.
“Oh my god.”
Ryoka patted Erin on the shoulder as the girl slumped to the table.
“She might not be a princess. But she’s probably among the high nobility, at least.”
“How could I not have seen it?”
“The important thing is what happens next.”
Erin looked up.
“Like what? Send her home? How would I even…? You said she’s probably from Terandria? That’s another continent. I can’t send her back there!”
“I’m not suggesting you do. But you have to do something about her. She’s a danger to you if she stays here.”
“Because someone will come looking for her?”
Ryoka nodded. Her mind was already racing with possibilities.
“To bring her back—or kill her. Or use her as a hostage. Either way, you’ll be a loose end to tie up. Maybe she’s not that important if Magnolia isn’t interested in her, but she’s clearly some rich person’s daughter.”
“Noooooooooooo…”
Erin moaned as she covered her face in her hands.
“Why is my life so hard? What do I do? I don’t need this!”
She lowered her hands and stared at Ryoka.
“What do I do? What can we do?”
“Think.”
“What?”
Ryoka tapped the table.
“Calm down. Just think. Lyonette is a problem, but from what you’ve told me, she’s not the only thing on your plate. You’ve got lots of problems.”
Erin looked down.
“I know.”
“And I’ll help you with them.”
There was a pause, and then Erin looked up. Ryoka didn’t exactly meet her eyes. She cleared her throat awkwardly. Her face was hot, but she knew what she had to say. It was just hard.
“I…said a lot of things I shouldn’t have last night, Erin. I’m sorry.”
“What? No, Ryoka, I know it was really tough. I’m sorry for hitting you.”
Ryoka rubbed at her chest. Her ribs still hurt.
“No, it was my fault. It’s just—a lot of things have happened. That army of Goblins is a real threat. But from what Magnolia told you, that might be the least of the things that’s about to hit the continent. And we’re about to be caught in all of it.”
