2.40
Page 11
I shake my head. Now everything’s changed again.
“No. She’ll stay with Erin. I saw the way Brunkr looked at her.”
“He is young.”
“But if he acts like that, so will the other Gnolls. Would Mrsha even be safe in Liscor?”
Krshia nods, but only after a second. I feel grim. Literally grim.
“If you can’t be absolutely sure she’ll be safe, she’ll stay with Erin. And anyone who tries to hurt her will have to go through me and every damn guard I can find.”
“She will not be harmed, Ryoka Griffin. But perhaps it would be best for her to stay in the inn.”
“Fine.”
I shake my head. This has been complete crap, but at least I’ve got something else to focus on. What the hell can I give the Gnolls? I know there’s something.
Gunpowder aside, there has to be something. Advancements in archery? I saw the Gnolls using shortbows and longbows, but what about composite weapons or compound bows? Can I even make that?
Some kind of medical advancement? Education? But it has to be something truly valuable. Damn it, how will I keep Mrsha safe? I haven’t seen Erin’s skeleton—she’ll have to keep him around the inn at all times. How soon is ‘soon’?
Krshia interrupts the whirlwind of thoughts in my head.
“Why do you offer to take up Erin Solstice’s debt, Ryoka? Is it merely friendship or something else?”
I look at her. The answer is burning in my chest. It’s the only thing I can do. What I must do.
“I have my own debt to the Stone Spears tribe. That’s why I’ll help Erin and give your tribe something of worth. I owe Mrsha more, though. Remember that.”
“And what do you owe Mrsha?”
Krshia’s brown eyes are fixed on me. I meet her gaze, my eyes serious.
“Everything.”
 
—-
 
Something else happened before Erin and Ryoka left Krshia’s house. Ryoka was just finishing her discussion with Krshia when she heard a yelp, and then a shout from the kitchen. She’d leapt out of the couch and was running into the kitchen before she knew what she was doing.
Brunkr was shaking his arm and shouting in agony. Ryoka saw Mrsha biting his hand, teeth gnawing at his flesh as he tried to throw her off. Erin was holding him down.
“Mrsha!”
“Get her off!”
“Mrsha, let go!”
I run to Mrsha and help drag her away from Brunkr. Her mouth is bloody and she struggles like a wildcat in my grip, snarling silently at Brunkr.
“That hurts!”
He roars at her and bares his teeth. I push Mrsha behind me, but Erin and Krshia block the way.
“Desist, nephew.”
“She drew blood!”
Brunkr snarls at Krshia, but Erin stands in front of him. She raises a fist.
“Get near her and I’ll punch you.”
That makes Brunkr hesitate. He eyes her, and I hustle Mrsha into the other room. I’m about to shout at her when I see her face.
Mrsha’s teeth are covered in blood and she’s still snarling. But she’s also crying. Tears roll down her face as she strains in my arms, trying to get free.
In the end, Brunkr goes back into the living room as Erin and I sit with Mrsha. I don’t know what Krshia said, but a few words from her in the Gnoll’s growling language made Mrsha stop trying to attack Brunkr.
“What happened?”
“I don’t know!”
Erin accepts a wet washcloth as she mops at Mrsha’s face. The Gnoll wriggles away from her at first, but then lets her clean up the blood. She spits onto the cloth and I offer her some tea to wash the blood away.
“All I know is that Mrsha was fine, then Brunkr growled something at her and then—she attacked him!”
Brunkr looks defensive as Erin pauses to glare at him. Krshia gives him a death look and his ears flatten.
“Brunkr. What is it you have done?”
He glares at the floor as he mutters a reply.
