2.40
Page 13
Erin turns. Then she looks back at me, troubled.
“Ryoka. They’re guests. I—”
“I’m not asking you!”
I point at Mrsha and Erin’s face changes. Reluctantly, she goes up the hill. I see her talking to the two Goblins and pointing back at me and Mrsha. I don’t know what she says, and I don’t care. I walk up the hill, away from the Goblins. By the time I reach the top, they’re gone.
Erin had that disappointed look on her face, but I don’t care. I push into the inn, ignoring the others who greet me. Only when I’ve put Mrsha down do I look around.
“Hello! You’re…Ryoka, right?”
I hear a friendly voice and look around. Selys, the female Drake, is smiling at me. She looks down at Mrsha. She’s curled into a ball in one of the chairs.
“Aw! Who is this?”
“Mrsha. She’s had a bad day.”
Selys nods and walks quietly away from Mrsha so she can speak to me.
“I know we barely got to talk, but I heard a bit of what happened from Erin.”
“Oh, really?”
Inwardly, I curse as I hear the words come out. I’m still really hostile from seeing the Goblins, but Selys just gives me a smile.
“Don’t worry. I get it. Erin is a little oblivious, but if you ever want to talk, I’m willing to listen.”
I stare at her. Well.
“I guess [Receptionists] have to deal with a lot of crap, huh?”
She chuckles.
“It’s part of the job. And after hearing about that Goblin Lord—Ancestors, I’d hate to imagine that. Is that Gnoll child—?”
“She’s the only one who’s left, yeah.”
Selys’s eyes are full of pity.
“Poor girl. Let me know if I can help, okay?”
Is it really that easy? Can you really just offer to help like that? I hesitate, and then nod awkwardly.
“Thanks.”
“Just let me know. And I think what she—what’s her name? Mrsha?—what she really needs right now is some sleep and quiet.”
But when Selys and I try to bring Mrsha upstairs, she starts slashing at both of us the instant we get near. She bites at me even when I try to sit next to her. And it turns out that claws hurt even if you have scales. We have to leave her alone. Selys and I retreat as Erin bustles around us, chattering to Klbkch and the Human.
“Oh, Ryoka! Have you met Halrac? No? This is Halrac. Um, he’s a Gold-rank adventurer.”
I nod at the grizzled man. He nods back. Unfriendly guy*. His eyes flick to Mrsha as he sits at a table.
 
*Wait, what the hell did Erin say about him being Gold-rank?
 
“Ryoka Griffin. You have my condolences.”
I turn. Klbkch, one of the damn Antinium—no. He’s one of Erin’s friends and he died once to save her. I nod to him.
“Klbkch?”
“Yes. Allow me to reassure you that I will conduct patrols of the area south of Liscor when possible to ensure the safety of Mrsha and this inn.”
“Really?”
That’s…suspicious. Why would Klbkch take so much interest in Erin? It must have to do with the individual Antinium thing and Pawn. Damn it, Erin.
But any help is welcome, so I nod. Klbkch looks at Mrsha. She’s crying again. Her small body shakes, and I feel my heart ache.
“I regret what has occurred. Rest assured, if the Goblin Lord’s army passes near one of the Hives, it will be destroyed.”
There’s nothing to say to that. I just nod. But Mrsha’s crying puts a damper even on Erin’s good cheer. She does her best, cooking up food and insisting we all sit together at a table, but she can’t get Mrsha to move and so Lyonette brings us our drinks—hot water for me and Klbkch and ale for Selys—in silence.
