2.40
Page 5
Erin caught her breath. When Ryoka said it like that, everything seemed so much more overwhelming. She had no idea what to do, and said so.
“What should we do, then? I mean all these problems—what are you going to do, Ryoka? Do you have a plan?”
She had nothing like a plan. Ryoka stared at her hand. She had nothing. She didn’t know what to do. But now Erin was counting on her too. She had to keep going. She couldn’t falter. Not now.
“Next? I guess the next thing I have to do is collect my reward from Teriarch. Once I do that, I need to deal with Lady Magnolia. Then…I don’t know.”
Ryoka stared down at her maimed hand.
“I’ve got to finish this delivery. When I do, I’ll come back and help you.”
She looked at Mrsha. But then felt something. Erin touched Ryoka’s good fingers gently.
“Don’t go. Stay here for a while.”
The taller girl shook her head. Her legs felt like lead and her mind was still heavy. But she had to see this through. She had not told Erin who Teriarch really was. A Dragon. Maybe he would have the answers to all of this. Maybe—
“I have to go. I have a job, Erin.”
“Yeah, but you don’t have to go today. Or even tomorrow. Ryoka, you looked half dead when you came in! And then there’s Mrsha and all this stuff that’s happening here…stay here.”
Ryoka hesitated. She looked at Mrsha again. The Gnoll was leaning against the table where Lyon sat, eyes closed. Could she just leave Mrsha here and run on?
No. Of course not. Ryoka closed her eyes and nodded.
“That was stupid of me. I’ll stay. At least for a day.”
“Good! Then we can do something together!”
Ryoka opened one eye and stared at Erin.
“Like what?”
“Something. Anything!”
Erin looked at Ryoka. She smiled in excitement.
“We’ve never actually done anything together. I mean, we went into the city that one time and I sang on the inn’s roof, but besides that…”
Ryoka nodded slowly. She looked at Mrsha, and then at the inn. This inn. This place where she felt safe. Somewhere to go home to. Slowly, she began to realize what she had to do.
“Okay. Let’s do something.”
The [Innkeeper] smiled.
“Great! What should we do? We could get a bath. You and Mrsha, uh, sort of smell. Or we can visit the city. Or—”
“Let’s go see Krshia.”
Erin froze.
“What, now? But—”
“As long as Lyonette’s here, she’s a problem. Those Gnolls won’t give up after just one attempt. At least, that Brunkr might not. I want to be sure you’re safe. And I…need to tell them what happened.”
Erin nodded slowly. Ryoka stood up, and stared out the window. The sky was clear, but snow had fallen heavily. Her body was tired, but she kept moving. She had to keep moving.
She had a duty now. A mission.
Ryoka stood, and shouldered the debt she carried. It weighed her down and gave her a purpose. She looked at Mrsha and knew what she had to do.
 
—-
 
Erin walked down Market Street in Liscor and felt like nothing had changed. And yet, the feeling in her bones was like that of a traveller coming home after many years.
How long had it been since she’d walked down these stalls looking for that familiar brown fur and calling voice? Too long. Just a week or two had passed and yet—
She missed her friend.
It took Erin a while to spot Krshia’s shop. That was also because she was walking with Ryoka and Mrsha; while Ryoka could easily keep pace, Mrsha was not so quick. The Gnoll child kept pausing to stare around the market or dart off after some interesting sight or smell, and Ryoka and Erin kept having to go after her. Eventually, Ryoka ended up dragging a reluctant Mrsha along by the paw.
