2.40
Page 2
Ryoka’s eyes flicked to the stairwell. She hadn’t even noticed there were other people in the inn. But now that she was finally thinking again, a hundred questions and thoughts were pushing through her mind.
She couldn’t help it. It was her nature. But part of Ryoka felt she shouldn’t be wondering and planning. Everything she did hurt people. What good were her opinions?
But then Ryoka looked at Erin as the girl laughed at Mrsha’s attempts to steal sugar from the bowl. Flawed as she might be, she could still help Erin who sometimes didn’t think enough.
“So this Lyonette is a new employee? Did you hire Ceria too, or is she in the city?”
Erin paused.
“Um. No. Ceria’s gone north. She’s gone back to adventuring.”
Ryoka held quite still as her thoughts paused. She didn’t swear, and she clamped down on her immediate response. Because Mrsha was sitting in her chair, happy and bloated. Ryoka would slice off the rest of her fingers before she disturbed the child’s moment of peace.
“I guess a lot has happened. You’d better tell me all of it, Erin.”
“Oh—sure. But uh…”
Erin’s eyes slid sideways to Mrsha. The kid was staring at a crumb on the table.
“Uh, what are you going to do about her, Ryoka?”
“I don’t know.”
“You said she’s by herself? Does she have any…anyone…?”
Ryoka closed her eyes. Something dark squeezed her heart.
“I don’t know. I…doubt it. And I have no idea who to ask.”
Memory flared in her head.
“What about that Gnoll you know? Krshia, right? Could we ask her for help?”
Mrsha’s ears perked up at the word ‘Gnoll’. She looked over at the two Humans. They exchanged a glance.
“Um, well, the food was good, right Ryoka?”
“Right.”
“How about I find something for Mrsha to do? Hey Mrsha, you must be bored. Do you want to play with uh, some things, sweetie?”
Mrsha cocked her head at Erin. Ryoka stared too, raising her eyebrows silently. Erin hesitated, and then ran into the kitchen. Both Gnoll and Human heard banging and doors opening, and then reemerged with an armful of ladles, rolling pins, and other cooking equipment.
As a ploy to distract Mrsha, Ryoka thought it could never work. But she’d forgotten that Mrsha wasn’t a child in a first world country, and she’d probably been banned from hanging around the cooking pots in the Stone Spears tribe’s camp. She immediately scooted over to the cooking equipment and began inspecting it with interest.
Erin sighed as she and Ryoka relocated a few tables down to talk. They kept their voices low, in case the young Gnoll was listening.
“Good thinking, Erin.”
“I guess she’ll play with those for a while. But I don’t know what to do, Ryoka. She needs someone to look after her, and proper toys and stuff. Not…”
“I know.”
“And she’s so sad, Ryoka.”
“You can tell?”
Ryoka stared at Mrsha as the Gnoll inspected the various cooking utensils Erin had brought out. She was half like a normal toddler in that she tasted everything, but she was clearly older and smaller. It must be a Gnoll quality to want to smell and taste everything.
Erin nodded.
“She’s just like a kid. I mean, a Human kid. She’s really curious, but every now and then when I was playing with her she’d…how bad was it?”
“Bad.”
Ryoka saw the Gnolls falling around her, and the Goblins screaming and cutting both Drakes and Gnolls apart. She shuddered. Erin stared at Ryoka, and then looked at Mrsha.
“What should we do with her?”
We. It was just like Erin, to immediately put herself into the problem and look for a solution. Ryoka half-smiled.
“I guess we need to talk to Krshia. She’d probably be willing to help, right?”
