2.40
Page 9
I glare at Erin and jerk my head towards the kitchen. Her face goes slack and I nearly slap my head as I see her put the pieces together.
“Oh. I’ll uh, let’s go eat something, Mrsha!”
She leads Mrsha into the kitchen. But the kid still looks over her shoulder at me twice on the way there, and I see her peeking back to make sure I’m not leaving.
Damn it. I didn’t mean I’d just run off. But I just meant that—
Krshia moves towards me and lowers her voice. I focus back on her, leaving recriminations aside for a second.
“Ryoka Griffin. The situation is more complicated than it seems, yes?”
“It is.”
I keep my voice low as the Gnoll sits next to me so we can talk. I can sense her body heat, and her fur makes me feel like I’m next to a bear. But her eyes—her eyes are just like any person’s eyes. I focus on that.
“This news you bring is terrible. My heart hurts for Mrsha. And yet, the situation here is complicated.”
I nod.
“I know. Your people want to kill Lyonette, and Erin’s protecting her.”
Krshia nods.
“Among other things. It was a terrible thing Lyonette did.”
“She destroyed your store, yes. And she did a lot of damage to other Gnoll’s shops. But there’s something else, isn’t there?”
All of that was bad from the way Erin described it, but it still doesn’t quite square with a Gnoll hit squad going out after Lyonette. Krshia hesitates, and I stare at her.
“I’m not Erin, Krshia. Let’s speak honestly.”
Her lips quirk into a bitter smile.
“It is something that I have wished for. But circumstances have conspired against me speaking so before now, yes? What you say is true. The thieving girl destroyed more than simply my shop. She destroyed something…precious to my clan. Something we have labored to accumulate for many years.”
Fuck. That’s not what I wanted to hear. But it puts the pieces together. I nod.
“So Erin, by saving Lyonette, is also preventing you from righting the wrong.”
“She has taken on the debt, yes.”
Krshia nods. I scowl.
“That’s bullshit. It wasn’t her fault. She did nothing that warranted an attack.”
Krshia’s eyes are steady as she meets mine.
“No, she did not. That was wrong. But the debt of the thief cannot be erased except by blood, and Erin Solstice bears the cost so long as she protects her.”
Gnoll customs. In my stay with the Stone Spears tribe, Urksh explained some of their customs to me. They take debts like this seriously, and their idea of guilt is transferable. I scowl into my cup of tea and drink some. Not bad, and it gives me a second to think.
“Do all the Gnolls in Liscor think like this?”
“Some. The young do. We who are older understand Erin Solstice. But even so, it is hard to accept. The thief must be punished. The debt must be paid.”
“But she has nothing.”
“Nothing but her life.”
The old customs. Blood settles all debts. The most ancient of customs. Sometimes I think the Gnolls are just like us—well, what the hell am I saying? That does sound like us.
Damnit. Fine. Let’s see just how bad this is.
“And what is the worth that Lyonette cost you? How many gold coins would it be equivalent to, for instance?”
“Fifty thousand gold coins.”
I blink, and stare at Krshia. She stares back. I open my mouth, and close it. If I’d said something like ‘you can’t be serious’ or ‘this must be a mistake’, I’d probably have to stab myself to erase the embarrassment.
Krshia is serious. And so I’ll answer her. I stare at Krshia.
“So long as Erin has that debt, you won’t help her, will you?”
“It would be…harder, yes. We have given Erin Solstice aid before, as we have you.”
I remember the Gnolls that helped fight Gazi and nod.
