2.41
Page 3
Selys stares at me, and I tense slightly. She doesn’t know I’m from another world. But hell, I have to know how levels and classes work. I might not use them—and possibly can’t anymore—but not knowing how this world functions is only inviting trouble. So Ryoka, lie your ass off.
“That’s right. I’ve never paid attention, I guess.”
“Erin was like that too, you know. Are you both from the same nation? You seemed to know each other.”
“Something like that.”
Klbkch nods.
“I am familiar with the country they originate from, Selys Shivertail. Their people have customs unlike ours.”
That makes me stare hard at Klbkch, even though Selys accepts his statement at face-value. He just covered for me, didn’t he? Erin did say Klbkch knew she was from another world. And now Erin’s coming over. I try to signal her with my eyes to play along, but she’s oblivious.
“Oh yeah, this is a lot like…uh, where we come from. I mean, there are some big differences, but there’s actually a lot of stuff in common, right Ryoka? Like, this is totally like Dungeons and Dr—”
“It’s sort of similar, but I wanted to be sure about all the details.”
I cut Erin off and glare at her. She returns my look blankly.
“What? I’m not a gamer, but you told me you understood something about the system, right? It’s like Diablo, you said.”
“Diablo?”
Selys looks between us. I shake my head.
“It’s just…nothing. It’s a game from where we come from.”
“Oh, I see.”
I am going to kick Erin’s ass. As Selys and Erin start talking about Mrsha, I cover my face for a second. Then I look up and see Klbkch is staring at me.
Oh shit. Did he…how much did he get from that? Erin says he knows she’s from another world. What about me?
Kill Erin. But watch him. Klbkch the Slayer. I read the history of the Antinium Wars—damn it, I wish I’d read more than the first section now. They didn’t mention much about the Prognugators, but this guy was around decades ago. He dueled General Sserys—he’s dangerous.
But the Antinium in front of me is sitting in Erin’s inn, eating gravy. And he was killed by Goblins, or so Erin said. Weakening Prognugators. Hmm. And Erin’s involvement with the Antinium is also special. She can make unique Individuals, which could mean…
Gah. My head hurts already, and not just from the alcohol. I thought my life was complex, but Erin’s is ten times more convoluted. Not only is she involved with the Antinium, she’s attracted Lady Magnolia’s eyes, and she’s on the receiving end of a Gnoll debt so massive it can only be settled with death—unless one of us has fifty thousand gold pieces lying around.
Holy fuck. I close my eyes for a second. What should I do? What can I do? Normally I’d be running off to collect my payment from Teriarch, but—
No. I look over and see Mrsha, crowding around that Lyonette girl for some reason. She’s feeding Mrsha scraps from her plate and scratching her behind the ears.
Oh yeah, and Erin’s got a princess or some high-ranking noble’s daughter in her inn. God damn it.
I massage my temples. Selys looks at me sympathetically.
“Head still hurting? A healing potion will get rid of that. I know a shopkeeper who sells cheap ones.”
“No—thanks. I’m just really busy. There’s a lot of shi—a lot of stuff I need to deal with.”
“Like what? I’m free today, if you need some help, let me know. A friend of Erin’s is a friend of mine.”
Selys smiles at me. I hesitate.
“Nothing too important. I wouldn’t want to bother you.”
“As you like. I’m going to see if Erin wants to relax in the bath house. You’re welcome to join us.”
“…Thanks.”
