2.41
Page 18
“I must confirm this. There is information in my Hive which I am able to sort through. Data on warriors, people in positions of note, unusual classes, and so forth. I will review several hundred individuals and see if the results match your conclusions, Ryoka Griffin. If it is correct, this secret you have uncovered will be valuable beyond belief.”
I nod. My heart is pounding. Information that could change the world. Klbkch glances at Selys.
“This knowledge must not spread until it is certain, and even then, should be kept quiet. For now. Are we in agreement?”
Selys nods vigorously.
“Lips sealed. Completely.”
But then her face falls.
“Ah! But I’ve got so many classes! I thought—everyone gets a few levels in one or two classes but no one cares about that! No one—does that mean I’ll never reach a high level?”
Her face is stricken. Klbkch nods slowly.
“It will be…difficult for me as well. If I am unable to reach the same heights, it would be best for me to rectify the situation.”
I eye Klbkch. He’s the only one who can lose levels, but if he’s suggesting what I think he is, that’s insane.
“For now, just don’t level up if you don’t want to. You can refuse to level up or take a class.”
Selys shakes her head distractedly.
“I never understood why that was possible. I thought you’d have to be crazy to turn down a level or not gain a new class.”
I nod. It’s not a conclusion anyone would make if they didn’t understand games. Is it a trap for the people in this world? Or just an oversight? Does anyone know this secret? Some people must, but they would hide it because it’s so valuable, wouldn’t they?
“I think—yeah, I think if my suspicions are true, it’s for this exact reason that you can refuse to level up.”
A system based on a game, except no one knows the rules. My spine tingles. Gods. One is still alive.
We don’t say much after that. Selys and Klbkch just stare at each other and she mutters about classes while he…goes through his Hive’s information. I’m not sure how he does it. Is it stored in some location, or are the Antinium all carrying bits of the data?
For now, I don’t ask. But after half an hour Klbkch looks towards one of the walls.
“Something is happening.”
People—Drakes and Gnolls, and even some of the Humans—are pointing and walking in one direction. I stare at Selys and Klbkch.
“What do you think it is?”
“I don’t know. Do you want to see?”
Klbkch and I look at each other. We’re thinking the same thing without saying it out loud. If there’s a crowd and something going on which attracts attention, there’s probably one person—one girl at the heart of it.
People are clustering around the southern gate, and I hear people exclaiming and laughing. Klbkch, Selys, and I make our way through the crowd, Selys holding Mrsha so the small Gnoll doesn’t get lost. We get close to the southern walls—close enough to hear the laughter and exclamations—but the people are packed so densely around the gates that there’s no way through.
“Up there.”
Klbkch points towards the battlements. The citizenry aren’t allowed up there, but his position as a Senior Guardsman gets us up there. And that’s when we see it.
“Oh my god.”
At first, it’s just an odd shape moving around in the snow. You can see from a long distance on the battlements, and that’s how I see Erin. And Toren. And then, when you look closer, you see it.
The [Guardsmen] on the wall are laughing so hard they can barely stand up straight. I stare down at Erin and Toren as they…traverse the snow. Yup. Just when I think she can’t get any stranger, Erin does something like this.
