2.41
Page 0

Because she woke up early, Erin decided to make gravy. Everyone else was still asleep, anyways.
Ryoka and Mrsha were upstairs, but Erin had had too much trouble trying to drag Klbkch and Selys up the narrow staircase, so she’d left them in the common room with a blanket and pillows instead.
It was easy to make gravy. Erin got a pot out and fished around in her cupboard for supplies. She got out some flour, and found some of the bacon fat she’d chilled thanks to some snow she’d packed into a cauldron. It was mostly melted, but it kept the food she put in nice and cold, if a bit wet.
By the time Ryoka stumbled downstairs with Mrsha in tow, they found Erin putting out gravy on the table in a huge bowl next to steaming biscuits and mashed potatoes. That coincided nicely with Selys and Klbkch waking up on the floor. Erin beamed at all of them as her guests rubbed their heads and moaned.
“Morning!”
Selys clutched at her forehead.
“How much did I drink last night?”
“Um…four mugs? No, wait…six? Eight?”
Erin had lost count. She’d kept serving everyone the faerie flower alcohol until they’d started to pass out. It had been a long, anxious night for her. Everyone would just take a drink, stare off into the distance for ten minutes, and then keep drinking. In the end, they’d all just gone to sleep—except for Halrac. He’d left for the city, staggering slightly. Erin had been worried, but he was a Gold-rank adventurer.
“Ancestors.”
Selys groaned and clutched at her head. She tried to stand up and sat back down hard.
“My mouth tastes like…dead gods, that was some awful ale, Erin.”
“Hey!”
Erin opened her mouth, and then closed it.
“Well…I’ll buy some better stuff next time, okay?”
“There shouldn’t be a next time.”
Ryoka lurched over to the table as Klbkch dragged himself upwards. Mrsha yelped and scurried away at the sight of the Antinium. He looked worse for wear. Even though his appearance was mostly unchanged—the Antinium not really having skin or clothing that could get rumpled—he looked…disheveled.
“Good morning, Klbkch!”
Erin smiled at Klbkch. He looked around at her, somewhat slowly.
“I have failed to return to my Hive. That has never happened before.”
“Oh no. Is that bad?”
Klbkch nodded slowly.
“I must…excuse me.”
He put a hand to his head and paused. He had no eyelids, but Erin sensed that he was concentrating. After a moment, he nodded.
“I have informed my Queen. She has recalled the search parties.”
“Search parties?”
Klbkch shook his head. He stared at the food on the table as Mrsha tried to grab a biscuit with her hand. Silently, Ryoka grabbed a plate and spooned potatoes and biscuits onto it, and slathered everything with the thick gravy. She put it on the table and handed Mrsha a spoon. Clumsily, the small Gnoll tried to inhale the entire thing.
“So. Um.”
Everyone looked at her. Erin smiled nervously.
“How was it last night? Was the faerie flower drink really that good?”
Erin didn’t really understand Halrac’s fascination with it. When she’d tried some, she just remembered happy moments, but that was all. And yet, between the four people in her inn (not counting Mrsha), they’d downed an entire keg’s worth of her ale.
Ryoka, Selys, and Klbkch exchanged a long look. As one, they shook their heads.
“That was a terrible drink.”
“Awful.”
“Please do not serve it again.”
Erin’s jaw dropped.
“What? Why?”
Selys was still rubbing at her forehead as she nibbled at a biscuit. She drank deeply from a glass of water and grimaced.
