2.41
Page 6
Can I take him? He’s got two swords and classes. So…no. My right hand is still injured and I’ve got no weapons.
“I would prefer this discussion remain civil. Rest assured, I will not harm you or Erin. That is the last thing I desire.”
Fuck. But at least I might not die this instant. I try to keep my voice level as I reply. Focus. This is…the Antinium are as bad as Magnolia. If they know…
“Why bother with the niceties? Are you trying to get us on your side so we can help your Hive?”
Klbkch’s gaze doesn’t waver.
“So long as Erin lives, she will help my Hive. But to answer your question: my Queen is not aware that you and Erin come from another world, Ryoka Griffin. If she was, you would be captured and quickly interrogated.”
I feel a chill. But, wait a second. Klbkch is saying—he’s saying he’s lying to his Queen? For us? No. For Erin?
“Aren’t you supposed to be the right-hand of the Antinium Queens, or something? I thought Prognugators were loyal.”
“I am. But loyalty takes many shapes, and I have grown to question the direction the Antinium are taking. I believe leaving you alive is preferable to your deaths. No—I know this is the case.”
My god. Is this…is this Erin’s effect? She created individual Antinium, but affecting the allegiances of a Prognugator? Or is this something already occurring? I reach for a mug to take a drink. My hand is shaking. Klbkch nods, seeing my reaction.
“I have not informed Erin of this because of the dangers involved.”
“But you’re telling me? Why?”
“Because you can keep a secret. Let me be clear, Ryoka Griffin. Your status as a traveler between worlds is not important to me. If my Queen knew of this, she would interrogate you mercilessly. But I only care about Erin Solstice. She is the valuable one.”
“The Individual Antinium.”
“Just so.”
Klbkch nods.
“Erin Solstice must not die. She must live, and help my Queen change the Antinium from within.”
“But—you want to help us. Help her.”
“I will assist you to the best of my capabilities and inform you of the dangers of which you are not aware. I will reveal secrets of my Hive. I will use my command over Soldiers and Workers to defend this inn and your persons, if need be. I will even lie to my Queen for you.”
“Because Erin is important.”
“She is everything, Ryoka Griffin.”
“Why haven’t you told her this? Why haven’t you offered to tell her…all of this?”
For the first time Klbkch looks uncomfortable. He pauses and clicks his mandibles together delicately.
“I had considered that option to begin with, but it grew apparent that Erin Solstice cannot keep a secret. Anything I tell her will inevitably be repeated to all our costs. You are more discreet.”
So because Erin has a big mouth and doesn’t think, he can’t trust her. But he trusts me?
Or does he? Is this all some ploy? I have to test him? Hah, as if I’ve got a choice. Here’s an Antinium Prognugator or—Revalantor or whatever the hell he is now, offering to tell me all about his Hive. I can’t turn my back on this.
Take a breath, Ryoka, and plunge in. I don’t know how far these murky waters go, but if this is the case—I look at Klbkch.
“Fine. Tell me what you know. About the Gnolls and their debt, for instance. You said you know something?”
He nods.
