2.41
Page 1
“At first, I thought it was wonderful. I was remembering having fun with my uncle when he used to visit. And I was so happy—but then the memory kept going and going, and I felt the need to keep drinking. Every time I woke up from the…dream, I just drank more and went back.”
“So? What’s the problem?”
“Remembering a bit is fine. But after a while—there’s such a thing as too much nostalgia, you know?”
“You can get lost in the memories.”
Ryoka nodded. She stared at her gravy, ignoring the smacking sounds Mrsha was making next to her.
“It’s like an addiction. You keep wanting to go back. Put another drink in front of me and I’ll keep drinking it, again and again.”
“To remember.”
Klbkch was silent. He hadn’t even put anything on his plate. Ryoka looked up at Erin.
“Dilute the drink. Maybe offer the full-strength version once in a while, but don’t keep serving it to us, damn it!”
Erin shrank under the strength of Ryoka’s glare.
“Oops. Sorry.”
The three diners turned back to their breakfast in silence. Mrsha ate happily, scarfing down the rich gravy until she had a round belly. She at least, had had no ill effects from last night, having only imbibed a few mouthfuls of the magical ale.
Erin scratched her head. She’d wondered about the drink, but then of course the faeries had come in and she’d given them several pints before chasing them out. She remembered them flying into walls and laughing before she’d managed to get them out the door.
“So…can I get you guys anything else?”
Klbkch shook his head. Selys put her head on the table and moaned softly. Ryoka was rubbing her eyes.
“I’m uh, oh! Lyonette!”
The possible princess walked down the stairs and paused when she saw Selys and Klbkch. She sniffed.
“I am awake. What is for breakfast?”
“Mashed potatoes and gravy. And biscuits!”
Ryoka eyed Lyonette silently as the other girl helped herself to food. Silently, Erin’s guests ate until Selys looked out the window.
“I’m really glad I don’t have work today.”
Klbkch nodded slowly.
“I believe I shall…abstain from my duties as well. It is necessary.”
“Oh, uh, well, that’s good, isn’t it?”
Both Drake and Antinium stared silently at Erin. They looked melancholy. And so did Ryoka. She was just staring at her food.
It was like…it was like everyone had depression suddenly. Erin’s eyes darted around until she saw Mrsha was fidgeting on her chair.
“Hey Mrsha, what’s wrong?”
The Gnoll child was squirming, in a very familiar fashion. Erin realized what the problem was.
“We have a bathroom right outside. Come on, let me show you.”
She took Mrsha’s hand and the Gnoll eagerly leapt off her chair to follow Erin. They’d made it to the door when Erin felt a familiar sensation, that of someone approaching the inn. She stopped, and then the door opened.
The early morning sky was gray, but light still flooded into the inn. It flowed around the figure that entered, and despite the bright sky, the gaping sockets of Toren’s skull were still dark, illuminated only by the two burning purple flames that stared at Erin and Mrsha.
The skeleton was wearing the battered bronze armor he’d found, only it seemed even more battered and torn up than before. In his hands he held a notched sword and shield, and faint streaks of blood covered his blade.
“Toren! There you are! Where have you been!?”
Erin scolded the skeleton as he stood silently in the doorway. He stared at her, silent as always as Erin frowned at him. Then she felt a tugging at her hand. She looked down.
