2.41
Page 12
Klbkch nods. He taps a finger on his arm a few times, a dry, clicking noise. Then he speaks.
“Leveling is a means by which we grow stronger. As we take interest in certain activities, we gain classes. By pursuing these activities we gain more levels in a class. However, gaining levels grows exponentially more difficult as time goes on.”
I nod. That all squares with what I understand.
“Most people will end up around Level 20 in one class over the course of their life. Few individuals reach Level 30. A handful in each town; a few dozen in a city. Few will ever reach Level 40; those who do are considered famous in their own right. Those who pass Level 50 in their class are generally known throughout the world.”
Again, more information I know, but Klbkch saying it is still useful.
“Is there anyone who’s ever hit a…maximum level? Level 100, for instance?”
Klbkch seems to frown. He has no eyebrows but—is it just my imagination? That’s the sense I get from him.
“I know of no individual with a level approaching one hundred. Legends speak of individuals with levels above eighty and ninety, but why would there be a limit of one hundred levels?”
“Because…”
I pause. Well, because it’s a round number? No; there’s a reason for it.
“Hold on. This is a concept from my world. Where I come from—video games usually have a level limit. Level 100 or 99 is usually that limit.”
Diablo III didn’t have that system. The level limit there was Level 70 with Paragon levels, but in this case it sounds like Level 100 would be the closest match. Klbkch shakes his head.
“That is odd, but intriguing. I have never known any individual with such a high level in any case. Most grow too old to continue leveling in time to pass Level 60 in any case.”
“Hold on. Old? What does age have to do with levels?”
I frown. Is leveling…age gated? That doesn’t sound quite right.
“Age is a known factor in leveling. Those who grow older level far more slowly, independently of their actual class level.”
“That doesn’t sound like any game I’ve played. Are you sure that’s what happens?”
Klbkch nods.
“I am one example of this occurrence. I have…declined in ability much over the many years I have been alive. I have lost levels, which is an occurrence that only occurs among the Antinium.”
“You lost your levels? Because you died, right?”
“Correct. During the First and Second Antinium Wars—and even before that—I have experienced death many times. I am able to be resurrected thanks to my Queen, but each time I lose ten levels from my classes.”
That sounds exactly like a video game. Resurrecting and losing levels? I scratch at the table with a fingernail.
“And you’re saying you’ve having a tougher time regaining your levels because you’re…older?”
Klbkch nods again. He seems to hesitate, and then he speaks.
“This is secret information. At the moment, I am a Level 21 [Swordslayer], a Level 18 [Commander], a Level 11 [Diplomat], and a Level 14 [Assassin]. However, at my peak I was a Level 44 [Swordslayer], and a Level 26 [Assassin].”
My jaw drops. If you add up the levels, Klbkch is saying he once had seventy levels altogether! Isn’t that on par with a legendary hero? No—a Named Adventurer is only around Level 40. He was stronger than that? Wait a second, if you add up the levels he has now…
“That’s…incredible.”
Klbkch nods. It’s not arrogance.
“My abilities were quite useful. However, you will note that my current self is far weaker than I was. Recently, I have struggled to regain even the levels I have lost, and I find it increasingly difficult to level up my [Swordslayer] class.”
