2.41
Page 5
Two reasons why I can’t give the Gnolls that. No, three. One, I don’t know how to make a printing press. With screw-based technology, of course, adapting from the wine press…but hell, I’d need months to figure out the exact way to set one up. Second, the cost in resources and space isn’t practical for Gnolls again, and third…
You can’t copy magical spell books with a printing press. That’s obvious. I’ve seen spells, and if they exist on paper, it’s not just in the two-dimensional sense. My guess is that it would be impossible to copy one with any kind of printer, so that already makes one of the greatest revolutions of our world fairly useless to the Gnolls.
What they need is something immediately useful, but the more I think, the more I don’t have any good idea. None except for weapons, and I won’t give that to anyone.
“Fuck.”
I hold my head in my hands as I sit at the table. Then I hear someone clear his throat delicately.
“You appear to be in a state of distress. May I inquire as to your predicament?”
I look at him. Trust no one.
“I’m fine, thanks.”
Klbkch pauses.
“Does your issue relate to the Gnoll debt towards Lyonette du Marquin?”
What the hell? Klbkch is just staring at me. My heart rate picks up, but I keep my face straight.
“How do you know about that?”
“The Antinium know much of what occurs within Liscor.”
“…Were you listening to our conversation yesterday?”
The Antinium shakes his head.
“No, but there are a finite amount of topics which would necessitate such discussion. And the Gnoll’s issue with Erin and Lyonette is a pressing concern.”
“To you? Why the hell would the Antinium care about something like that?”
“Erin Solstice is…important to the Hive. And to me.”
What an odd thing for an Antinium to say. I stare at Klbkch.
“What do you want?”
His multifaceted eyes are fixed on mine.
“I wish to speak with you, Ryoka Griffin. I have desired to speak with you for some time. My observations of your behavior lead me to believe I can trust you.”
He’s been…waiting? To speak with me? And watching me? I’m naturally paranoid, but this makes every instinct I have scream out warning signals. I shrug, carefully.
“I’m free to talk. What…did you want to talk about?”
“I would like to speak candidly, Ryoka Griffin. You are wary of me; that is understandable. But I do not wish to cause you or Erin Solstice any harm. I would like to assist you, and I hope you will regard me as an ally, not a potential foe.”
I…fuck. This is coming out of left field. I thought I was in left field already, but this is catching me totally off guard. I scramble for a response. Test him.
“Are you trying to say we’re on the same side?”
Klbkch tilts his head slightly.
“Are there sides, Ryoka Griffin? The Antinium are not your enemy.”
“I disagree.”
“As do I. If the Antinium were your enemy, Ryoka Griffin, you would be dead. You do not matter to the Hive or my Queen. Erin Solstice is only a tool to be used. So long as that is the case, any interaction with either of you falls under my purview of responsibilities.”
I pause. Klbkch is speaking carefully, and if I read between the lines…
“You’re offering to help. Why?”
“Because Erin Solstice must survive. She must live to help the Antinium. And you are attempting to protect her because you both come from the same world.”
He knows. My heart stops dead in my chest for a second. He knows.
I glance around, but the inn is empty. Where has everyone gone? And why is it daytime all of a sudden?
Klbkch says nothing. He just looks at me. Watching. He’s seeing how I react.
