2.41
Page 16
“Due to the unique geography of this landscape, the residents require a place to relax and enjoy themselves when confined to the city during the spring months.”
“Right, I read about that. But…huh. It’s just like my world. We have parks in our cities as well. If not so…close to other buildings.”
“Indeed? That is interesting. Ah, there is Selys.”
Klbkch points to a familiar Drake and a bundle of white fur. Mrsha is swinging on some bars way too high for me to feel comfortable about, laughing with a bunch of other Gnoll kids. Two groups of parents are watching their offspring play with Mrsha without any worries—I see the Gnoll parents eying her fur, but they make no comment.
“Ryoka! Klbkch?”
Selys greets the two of us with some surprise.
“Did you come to check up on Mrsha? I told you I’d take her out for the day. Unless…Erin’s done with her exploration?”
“No, not yet. Actually Selys, we wanted to talk to you.”
“To me?”
Selys looks at me, surprised. I nod.
“Can we sit somewhere?”
“Oh, of course. There are some benches over there. Mrsha? We’re going over there?”
High above us, Mrsha lets go of one of the bars and waves a paw. She looks so happy up there, just like one of the kids, immersed in the adventure of a life time. Like any other Gnoll cub—except for the fur.
I leave her behind and sit with Selys and Klbkch. It’s a cold day, but at least there’s a bit of sun coming through the clouds at the moment. Funny, it seems warmer in this park. Must be all the kids running about or…an enchantment over the entire place? Maybe it’s just my imagination.
“So, what can I help you with?”
Klbkch looks at me. I guess he wants me to explain. All of this makes sense to me, but to a native of this world, this must be like finding out the earth is round, or…or that the planets revolve around the sun.
Hell, I didn’t know I was going be pulling a Galileo today.
Slowly, I explain my theory about leveling to Selys. She stares at me with increasing incredulity until she guffaws as I get to the part about cumulative leveling.
“What? Are you serious, Ryoka? Levels don’t work like that! Everyone knows you level slower as you age—it’s because we’re running out of energy, not some weird limit!”
She waves a claw at me, still chuckling. I frown at her.
“How do you know? What makes you so sure?”
“I know because—well, look, just because people don’t level when they’re older doesn’t mean there’s some limit!”
Selys frowns as she tries to explain. She frowns, and then brightens.
“Take old Peslas, for example. He’s an [Innkeeper], like Erin. Have you heard of him?”
A bit of memory flares inside my head.
“He’s the one who runs another inn, isn’t he? The one the Gold-rank adventurers are staying at?”
“That’s right. Well, he’s above Level 30 in the [Innkeeper] class, so his inn is one of the best in the city. But he hasn’t stopped leveling because he can’t! He’s old, and he just doesn’t want to work harder.”
“What do you mean?”
Selys rolls her eyes and wraps her tail around one leg of the bench.
“Not everyone wants to work their tail off until they can get to a higher level, Ryoka. Some people decide they’re at a good level and stop. For instance, Peslas has a nice inn and lots of guests, but he doesn’t work that hard. And he’s old. So he levels once every couple of years. He leveled up six years ago and threw a huge party. My grandmother and I were invited to it.”
“But he could be leveling slower because of his total level as well, not just because he’s taking it easy and he’s old.”
“Yeah, but…well, he doesn’t have that many levels in other classes.”
