2.41
Page 8
I twist in my chair, but that’s an idiotic move. Klbkch is clearly doing something. He looks up after a minute and nods.
“The inn is vacated, and there is no one within two hundred meters of our location. I have reconfirmed that the [Assassins] and [Scouts] sent by Lady Magnolia are hidden several miles to the east of our position and possess no listening artifacts or spells. Selys Shivertail is with Mrsha in Liscor—”
Wait a second, what did he say?
“What? She’s with Mrsha? Where’s Erin?”
“She is exploring the wilderness with Toren and Lyonette. I believe she informed you of this.”
I…vaguely recall something like that? I was thinking about the Gnolls and remember Erin saying something. I should pay more attention to my surroundings.
…Was Klbkch sitting there the entire time? Watching me? Then another thought strikes me. I pause and stare hard at Klbkch.
“You…know where she is? Both Erin and Selys? At any given moment? Are you having them watched?”
I can’t believe Soldiers and Workers are that good at hiding. Unless…is the Hive that spread out underground? Klbkch shakes his head.
“There is no need for physical scouting. A specialized breed of Antinium developed within our Hive is able to listen to movements and sounds at extreme range. They are able to monitor individuals, if given instructions and time.”
‘There are more Antinium types than just Soldiers and Workers.’

“You have more than Soldiers and Workers?”
“They are known as Listeners. A few were allocated to our Hive. Their existence is not a secret; they were revealed during the Second Antinium War along with a few other types. However, only Soldiers and Workers are allowed within the Hive in Liscor.”
“Why is that?”
“Because my Queen stands lowest among the six Queens under the Grand Queen. Her work here is experimental, as are her ideals. And so she is restricted from utilizing the Hive’s full potential, denied certain resources and equipment.”
A power struggle between the Antinium? No way. But that means—
“Are the Queens competing with one another? Are you at odds? Do the Hives fight each other?”
Klbkch shakes his head.
“Competition is strictly based on achievement. The Queens and the Antinium have one goal, but viewpoints differ between Queens as to best achieve that goal.”
Like having multiple CEO’s working towards one end. I nod, slowly.
“And you want your Queen to succeed.”
“I believe in her mission.”
“Which is to create Individual Antinium capable of leveling which will make the Antinium stronger.”
And deadlier. They would overrun the continent. Klbkch simply nods.
“Astute. My faith in you was not misplaced.”
“But if Erin helps you, we all die. We make the Antinium stronger, and you’ll still kill us all in the end.”
Klbkch shakes his head.
“My Queen is alone in seeking to gather allies and forge relations. Yet even she is limited in…vision. She treats other species as pawns; I would have her see them as people.”
So the Queen in Liscor is more progressive than the other Queens, and her Prognugator is even more so. I think I understand.
“You think you can talk your Queen around. But either way, she has to have more influence.”
“Just so. And the proof of her labors rests in the Individual Antinium.”
“Which is why Erin Solstice is essential.”
“Correct.”
My pulse is racing. I have to calm myself and drink more water before I can speak.
“Okay. Okay, let’s say what you’ve said is all true. What happens when your Queen proves herself? She gets special Antinium?”
“She will gain access to the…tools to create such Antinium if she desires.”
