2.41
Page 9
“So the other Hives have special Antinium already.”
The ones who killed General Sserys during the First Antinium War. Klbkch nods.
“Each Hive’s Queen has special dispensation to create their own unique type of Antinium. The Grand Queen is privy to every Hive’s secrets, but besides her, each Queen hoards her own unique type of Antinium and method for improving our species.”
Bombshells. That’s what this day is filled with.
“So what you’ve told me is that the Antinium aren’t united. Or rather, there’s a power struggle in the Hives and factions for how the Antinium should evolve.”
Klbkch glances at me.
“If any of the Queens—or other Prognugators—learn that knowledge has come from either you or I, we will both die.”
A moment of silence. I read the unspoken words.
“Does that mean you want me to tell someone? Lady Magnolia?”
“I would prefer my Queen to rise in status. She has worked long without permission to create her own types or deviate from the normal Soldiers and Workers.”
“Because she’s a renegade? Because she’s in disgrace?”
“Because she wants to create Individuals, yes.”
“What happens now that she’s succeeded? Or rather, Erin has? Does she need to prove this to the other Queens, somehow?”
Klbkch’s sits very still. He barely moves, even when speaking or gesturing. He’s an entirely different kind of person, more like a robot than a human being. Yes, a robot. One made from chitin rather than metal. A tin man, a bug man. With a heart.
“A delegation of Antinium will arrive shortly. They will assess whether or not Pawn and the other Individuals are truly Individual. Then the Queens will debate and the Grand Queen will decide what to do with the information.”
“And then?”
Klbkch shrugs.
“It will change everything. Or nothing. The Grand Queen will decide whether Individuals will make the Antinium stronger and move from there.”
“And why do the Antinium need to be strong? To conquer the continent?”
“If necessary.”
The cold-blooded response ties my tongue. Klbkch looks at me and shakes his head.
“The Grand Queen is more minded to pursue peace at the moment, at least until she is certain victory would not weaken the Antinium. Moreover, I believe I can convince my Queen to speak against such an action. This continent is not what the Antinium seek. We require strength to take back our home.”
“Your home? Someone chased you out?”
My god, the book—I need to read the second part. What he’s saying changes everything. Klbkch nods.
“It is why we fled Rhir. And why we continue to attempt to build our forces. We left because we were losing, Ryoka Griffin. And now that we are gone, the enemy will soon emerge above-ground again. This Blighted King is strong, but he is unprepared.”
“Unprepared for what?”
“We must be stronger. I must be stronger.”
Klbkch looks at me. I’m transfixed. For a second, he seems huge. Ancient. I’m like a bug—in his eyes.
“That is why you must help me. Why I know you and Erin must be protected. The Antinium must change. Or the Antinium will be wiped from the earth.”
“What. Happened?”
Klbkch pauses. He stares into his cup. And then he looks at me.
“The Antinium Wars? What Drakes and Humans and Gnolls fear so? They were setbacks. Dust. The true disaster occurred on the oceans when we lost our entire people. Even now, we are a fraction of what we were.”
I take a breath. Heart. I can hear my heart and his voice. Nothing else.
“If that’s the case, why did you run? What was so terrifying that you had to flee rather than fight?”
