2.41
Page 17
Selys looks uncertain. I shake my head.
“But every level counts, Selys, don’t you see? Someone who has only one class that she levels like Erin will level up fast. She told me she only has a few levels in [Singer] and [Warrior], but how many do you have? How many does Peslas have?”
Now the [Receptionist] frowns to herself. She mutters as Klbkch and I watch Mrsha running around with another Gnoll kid.
“Well, I know he was bragging—he talks a lot about his classes—I know he said he was a [Warrior] when he was younger. He got to Level 16 while serving in the army, so there’s that. And he has levels in [Cook] and [Bartender] because he used to do that before he became an [Innkeeper]…but he doesn’t have many in each. Just a few levels.”
“Does he have any other classes?”
“Oh! I remember! He’s got a few levels in [Singer] and [Dancer] too! He was so happy about that—he got a good Skill that helps him sing…”
Selys’ face turns pale. I nod, and Klbkch nods too.
“One or two levels here and there. In this world, it’s not that much. In fact, people like to level, don’t they?”
“It’s so useful. And we get Skills even if it’s one or two levels.”
Selys mumbles the words. I nod.
“But that slows you down. It takes away from the maximum level you can achieve. It hurts you, but no one realizes it because everyone thinks it’s due to age.”
“And few people have the desire to reach higher levels in any case. So the issue is never noticed. In any case, why would anyone assume there is an artificial limit?”
Only someone from another world would assume that, and only because older video games like Pokemon had hardcoded limits to their system that prevented them from going past Level 100. Why would a system in this world have that kind of limit? It would only make sense if someone created the system…
Klbkch looks at me. I nod. My heart is racing.
Selys shakes her head repeatedly, as if dazed.
“This is huge. This is…do you know what this means if this is true?”
“It will affect all in small ways, and affect few in huge ways.”
Klbkch said the words softly as Mrsha nipped at a Drake’s tail and elicited a shout from the Drake and her parents. I consider what he’s saying.
For many, I guess this information wouldn’t be too useful. Not if they don’t have the ambition to level up faster. But maybe it would allow everyone to reach Level 30, rather than waste their early levels on useless classes. It would lead to specialization—but most importantly, it would allow the people who reach the high levels in their classes to become even stronger.
“This information could change the world.”
I look at Klbkch. He looks at me.
“Fifty thousand gold pieces?”
“Perhaps.”
“What are you talking about?”
Selys looks between us. She’s trembling. Her world must be shaking. I feel sort of bad for her, but this information helps her as well.
Klbkch nods. And then he nods again.
“What Ryoka Griffin describes is exactly what I am experiencing. I had feared it was due to my age—or that I was becoming weaker—but I have ceased to level in my main class because I have too many other classes. It may be age, but Ryoka’s theory is equally sound, perhaps more so given…certain factors. I believe she is correct.”
“Dead gods.”
Selys breathes the words like a prayer, only no one prays in this world because the gods are dead. Except there is one.
Klbkch nods one last time. He’s like a creepy bobblehead.
