2.41
Page 11
Another surprise. No—I really shouldn’t be surprised, should I?
“You know him? Teriarch?”
“We know he is a Dragon. He incinerated two armies sent against him in the Second Antinium War. It was a mistake to attack him. I advised against it, but the Queens did not listen.”
Get the book. Read the book. Unless that’s the part of history that no one knows about. Yeah, I think people would know if a Dragon lived on the continent. Another secret to keep.
“If you are able to convince him to part with one of his treasures…yes. That would no doubt satisfy the Gnolls.”
“If. Any tips?”
“Do not attack him.”
“Thanks.”
I eye Klbkch. He sits calmly in his seat, watching me. If only I could read Antinium and tell what he’s thinking. Is he really that calm? He must be nervous. But his face is an insect’s face; impossible for me to read.
“I’m surprised you don’t want me to tell you how to create weapons from my world. Not that I would.”
“Despite the advantage it would bring, I fear it would work at cross purposes to my goal. A superior type of weaponry would only impel my Queen to abandon her current plan and use such arms to begin a third war. I would not wish such bloodshed to occur. I…do not wish to see the inhabitants of Liscor die.”
A tin man with a heart. Part of me actually wants to hug him. The other half wants to sit in a corner and gibber for an hour.
“So. What’s the plan?”
Klbkch tilts his head.
“I will provide you with information, resources, protection. You must assist Erin Solstice in your own way. And if you have a means to help my Hive—”
“Right. I get it.”
I stand up. I start to pace. I have to move.
“But there are so many questions I want to ask. All the things the Antinium know—”
“I will share what is necessary. But some secrets must remain so. If you are caught and tortured or charmed—”
“Right. Right.”
He’s no idiot. I eye Klbkch. No, he’s no idiot at all. He’s a Prognugator, one of the Antinium Generals. He’s probably smarter than I am. But then what can I ask?
“If you can’t give me something to give the Gnolls, all we can exchange is information.”
“Just so. I believe that is extremely valuable in itself.”
He’s not wrong there. I spread my hands.
“Is there anything you want to know about my world?”
“Many things intrigue me. But if I may—earlier today, Erin mentioned to you that our system of leveling is similar to your world?”
“Ah.”
I make a face. Erin and her big mouth. How can I even explain that to him?
“We…don’t level up in our world. Not at all. We can become better at things through practice, but we don’t level.”
“Not at all? Erin mentioned a game in conjunction with this fact. ‘Diablo’.”
It feels completely strange for an Antinium to start mentioning video games. I shake my head.
“That’s…it’s just a video game. A thing people play for fun, like chess. It’s not…”
I hesitate. Hold on, now.
“It has parallels to this world. Erin and I have both noticed it. The way this world operates with people leveling up—it has parallels to a game. But many things are different.”
“I see. But are the mechanics similar?”
“They are. I know the game—”
Hell, I lived Diablo III for a while. I was addicted until my damn parents made me quit.
“—But I couldn’t compare it to this world. I don’t know how the class system works or how leveling works.”
“It is considered a mystical element of our world as well. Most people understand the mechanics, but there is no consensus on the reason behind our leveling or advancement.”
Really? I frown.
“Can you explain some of the mechanics to me? From your perspective—a native’s perspective, that is.”
