2.41
Page 14
I think I’m smiling. I don’t have levels—I might not ever have them anymore—but we’ve figured out something huge. This information—could I give it to the Gnolls? Hold on, it’s not that useful unless you have people who can actually get to a high level, but…no, it’s still frickin’ big.
All at once Klbkch stands up. I flinch, but he’s not looking at me. He stares out a window.
“I…we must confirm this. This information—if it is true, it changes much. That it was not discovered—”
“I guess if most people never level up as much, it wouldn’t be an issue. And someone who’s high-level might not realize they’re nearing their level cap. Plus, it might be a softcap.”
“Softcap?”
“It’s another idea from my world’s games. It means that there’s no hard stop when you get to a certain point, like Level 100, but afterwards continuing becomes impractical. So let’s say there’s a softcap on Level 100. It means that after that point you can continue leveling, but advancement will be even slower.”
Klbkch begins to walk back and forth, like I was doing. I watch him move—he’s got to be agitated.
“That adds credence to your statement. In advanced years, leveling is often cause for celebration.”
“Is there any way we can corroborate this information? Prove it, somehow?”
“My situation is unique to my nature, and I do not have access to information about other Prognugators and Queens.”
“Why not ask a local, then? You said Selys was in Liscor?”
Klbkch nods.
“She is in the park with Mrsha.”
“The park? Well, can we talk to her?”
“Let us go at once.”
 
—-
 
When Klbkch opens the door for me, I blink at the snowy landscape. The snow is knee deep outside.
“What the hell happened out here?”
The Antinium walks out with me, striding through the snow as I shut the door to Erin’s inn.
“I believe the effects of alcohol on the Frost Faeries led them to increase the amount of snow that fell overnight.”
“Goddamn it, Erin.”
“I would appreciate it if you did not use that expression.”
I hesitate, and look at Klbkch.
“Oh, right.”
Gods are real. When I think of that—it makes the revelation of leveling seem pale in comparison. I still can’t believe no one in this world realizes there’s a level cap. But if most people never level that high up, and the few who do just think they’re ceasing to level due to age…
“What can you tell me about the God?”
“Very little. I only know what my people know. And I would prefer not to speak of it in any case.”
“Why?”
Klbkch looks at me.
“Because even speaking of Gods gives them power.”
American Gods. Neil Gaiman. Or—alternatively, Small Gods, Terry Pratchett. My mind races. I—I close my mouth and walk with Klbkch in the snow, thinking.
It’s only a few minutes before we reach Liscor’s gates, despite the heavy snow. The guards recognize Klbkch in sight and call out to him. He waves. We walk on. Klbkch leads me down the streets of Liscor, and I look around at the bustling city.
You’d never imagine it was just attacked a few weeks ago. While this place isn’t New York, it’s hardly a small town either. The city feels…well, it feels big. Populated. Liscor is bigger than Celum or Esthelm, despite being enclosed on all four sides by those massive walls*.
 
*Talk about fortifications. Apparently, all Drake cities have these gigantic walls, although Liscor’s are second only to the famous Walled Cities. If the gates hadn’t been left open during the undead attack, I can’t imagine even a hundred thousand of them would have been able to break into Liscor. Not without siege weapons. Undead siege weapons…? A giant?
 
