2.42
Page 3
“Don’t worry! I’m going to bring a frying pan and a knife.”
Klbkch stared at Erin. She gave him a thumbs up.
“See you later!”
 
—-
 
“It’s cold. And wet.”
Lyonette complained loudly as she followed Erin and Toren through the snow. The skeleton was breaking a path through the deep snow, but even so, Erin had to fight just to keep moving. The snow was deep today, even for someone used to Michigan winters.
Erin had seen snow that went knee-deep, but she couldn’t remember ever seeing waist-deep snow. But in some of the valleys, the snow had accumulated to the point where it made progress impossible.
“Why are we even out here?”
Lyonette complained even more loudly Toren slipped in the snow and face-planted. Erin sighed. She was already regretting taking Lyonette with her, but it was either that or inflict her on Ryoka. And Ryoka would probably kick Lyonette in the face.
Why hadn’t she left Lyonette with Ryoka?
“Come on Lyon, it’s not that bad.”
Erin’s foot found a divot in the ground and she windmilled her arms wildly to stay upright. Lyon stared at her in disgust. But instead of her usual snide remarks she folded her arms.
“Do not mistake me; I am grateful for your assistance in my time of need. But I am not your slave, to be ordered around at your whim.”
“I didn’t say you were. But we’re all working in this inn together, Lyon. I own it, but I need your help.”
“And how is this helping your inn, pray?”
Lyon gestured at the white landscape. She stared at Toren as the skeleton sloughed ahead of them.
“It will take the better part of a day to get anywhere. And what are we even looking for?”
Erin shrugged.
“I dunno. Hunting monsters? Gathering mushroom and rare stuff? Maybe there’s a mine around here somewhere.”
Erin had no idea how mining worked. And the look Lyonette gave her told her that she probably wasn’t going find any gemstones any time soon.
“You. Wish to hunt monsters?”
“Well, want is a strong word. But Toren’s got a sword. And armor.”
Erin pointed at Toren. The skeleton had stopped to watch the two girls argue. He was slowly sinking deeper into the snow as his holey bronze armor weighed him down. Lyonette sniffed.
“That thing fills me with no confidence.”
“Well…I have a frying pan.”
Erin lifted it to prove her point. Lyonette stared at the frying pan.
“…Are you unwell in the head? How will a frying pan kill monsters?”
“Hey! I killed a ton of zombies with a frying pan! Well, not this pan because they get really gross when the brains and stuff get on it but—”
“Wait, you killed a zombie? By yourself?”
“I had help. There was this undead attack and I had to kill a bunch of undead. Some Antinium Workers came to help me, and a lot of people died. Oh, and there was this horrible huge flesh-worm-thing that attacked. And a lot of zombies and ghouls and even these Crypt Lords tried to kill me, so yeah.”
Erin was aware that Lyon was gaping at her. She cleared her throat, slightly embarrassed.
“Anyways, if it’s just a Shield Spider or a Rock Crab we’re fine. I can scare away Rock Crabs and Toren and I can kill Shield Spiders.”
“You can!?”
“Well, yeah. You just hit them and keep dodging their fangs. And legs. Oh, and don’t fall into their pit traps.”
This was all normal to Erin. But Lyonette stared at her as if this was all completely new to her. Which, come to that, it was.
“But—Silver-rank adventurers take on requests to slay Shield Spiders!”
“Yeah?”
Erin scratched her head. Lyon stared at her. The silence lengthened until Erin felt it was time to move.
“Okay, we’ve got to go. Toren, take us to the place you found the mushrooms!”
