2.42
Page 6
Erin shouted happily as Toren pulled the sledge she’d built through the snow. The wide and long vehicle she’d constructed with the use of her [Advanced Crafting] Skill was six feet long and wide enough for both her and Lyonette to sit on it comfortably.
The skis she’d mounted on the bottom allowed the sledge to speed around even in deep snow, and Toren made it all work. The skeleton flailed his arms wildly as he ran through the deep snow, and Erin laughed as the reins she’d fastened to his body jingled and rang in the crisp air.
A leather harness for her skeleton, a sled for Erin and Lyonette—and they were speeding across the winter landscape with quite commendable speed. In truth, Toren could only pull the sledge about as fast as Erin could jog at the best of times, but it was a pleasant ride, and most importantly, Erin was riding and not fighting through the snow.
Erin flapped the reins again and Toren endeavored to run faster. She looked over at Lyonette and saw the girl had the same expression on her face as the Frost Faeries overhead had. A sort of slack-jawed stare with glazed eyes for the full effect.
“Isn’t it great?”
Lyonette stared at Erin. Her eyes were fixed on Toren. The skeleton was fighting his way through another thick drift of snow, his jaw gnashing furiously as he pulled the sledge up a hill.
“Go for it, Toren!”
From her position at the head of her ride, Erin stared across the open landscape. This, now, this was what she’d been missing. This was fun. She felt a song coming on, and began to sing, her voice carrying for miles around.
“Dashing through the snow, on a one-skeleton open sleigh, over the hills we go, laughing all the way!”
Erin’s voice echoed across the snowy landscape as the wind rushed past her head. She pointed.
“There! Go that way, Toren!”
She was pointing towards a cave opening in the distance. Toren change directions, and Erin whooped as she felt the sledge shift smoothly on the snow.
 
“Let us ride! We demand to join in!”
 
Erin looked up and Lyonette screamed as Frost Faeries flew down from overhead, laughing and pointing at Toren. They settled on the side of the sledge and for once Erin didn’t begrudge their presence.
 
“What song is this? We must sing along!”
“Sing! Sing for us!”
 
“Okay! Everyone join in!”
The faeries cheered and Lyonette stared at one as it landed on Erin’s head. The young woman thought of the few Christmas songs she knew by heart, and began to sing.
“You’d better not shout, you’d better not cry; better not pout, I’m telling you why! Santa Claus is coming to town!”
 
“Ooh, threats! Good!”
“Who is Santa Claus? Does he eat children?”
“Run faster, dead thing!”
 
Toren staggered as a snowball bounced off the back of his head. Erin looked at the Frost Faeries in surprise.
“Haven’t you heard of Santa Claus? Lyonette?”
No one had. And it was a bit too windy to explain about Santa, so Erin found herself switching songs.
“Oh, the weather outside is frightful, but the fire is so delightful! And since we’ve no place to go; let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!”
This was a song the Frost Faeries could get behind. They cheered and laughed and started singing along with Erin.
 
“Let it snow!”
“More snow! Let’s bury yon mountains, sisters!”
 
“What? Wait! Don’t do that!”
Erin shouted at the faeries as more snowflakes, heavy thick ones, began falling from the sky. The faeries looked at her. So did Lyonette.
“Who are you talking to?”
Erin pointed at a Frost Fairy.
“Her!”
