2.42
Page 11
One of the faeries waved a tiny hand at Erin dismissively. Then she cheered as Toren beheaded the last Golem with a slash of his sword. The skeleton did it in a flashy manner—he ducked as the Snow Golem lunged at him, and his body blurred. Erin blinked as Toren’s sword sliced the head off the Golem and the rest of the body collapsed.
“Wow, that looks like a Skill, doesn’t it, Lyonette? I wonder how he did that? Can the undead level up?”
The girl just shuddered and stared at the abominable snowmen. She stared at Erin.
“How are you so calm? They tried to kill you!”
“Yeah, but they’re not that dangerous. Besides, isn’t it so cool?”
Lyon stared at Erin. Erin stared back with a smile on her face.
“Some monsters are horrible, but this is magic. And we’re on an adventure, right?”
“…Are we?”
“Yeah! Oh hey, Toren, wait!”
Toren paused, foot raised as he prepared to stomp the Snow Golem’s head into mush. Erin frantically waved at him.
“Wait! Give me a jar!”
The unnaturally pure snow in the snow Golem’s head froze Erin’s hands even through her gloves as she shoveled it into the jar. But it was definitely magical, so she filled another big jar with snow. Toren stared at the Snow Golem’s face as Erin finished extracting the contents of its head.
Erin smiled as she held up the heavy jar and stared at it. The snow might melt, but she could see if it was still magical afterwards. Or maybe she’d leave it outside and keep it fresh. Would it create another Snow Golem if it was outside? How did they even form, anyways? Did they eat people? Could they even eat? She breathed onto the glass and wiped away the condensation as she stared at the shimmering white snow inside.
“Snow Golem brain-snow.”
Erin thought about that for a second.
“Ew.”
 
—-
 
They were quite a ways away from her inn—farther than Erin had ever gone, in truth—when they found the Corusdeer corpses. Erin shouted for Toren to stop the sled and jumped out to stare at the hacked up body parts lying in the snow.
“This is so awful. What could have done this?”
The deer had been hacked to bits, at least ten of them. They’d stained the ground red, but the white snow had covered the bodies partially. Only the area around the horns was melted in truth; even as Erin stared, the horns gave off steam in the air.
“Something killed them, but didn’t eat them. What? An adventurer?”
She couldn’t imagine Halrac picking on poor animals, but maybe they’d attacked him. Toren looked the other way as Lyonette stared at the bodies and the faeries debated whether they were hungry enough to have deer after the bees.
Gingerly, Erin approached and stared at one of the Corusdeers’ horns. She was fairly sure she couldn’t use the meat; it might have frozen, but something could have infested it or…or it could just be rotten. She held one hand out towards the horn and touched it.
“It’s hot!”
It actually burned her fingers when Erin took off her glove to touch it. She sucked at her fingers and waved Toren over.
“I want all these horns. Um, wrap them in something or they might set the sledge on fire.”
Toren stared at the Corusdeer he’d killed and kicked one of the deers’ heads. Then he clattered his jaw and unsheathed his sword and got to work at hacking the horns off the heads. He wasn’t quite wishing the sledge would burst into flames. He was more praying that he accidentally crashed into a Shield Spider pit and they killed everyone at this point in the journey.
 
—-
 
“Well, that was fun!”
