2.42
Page 4
She turned and began to follow Toren. Lyonette followed them after a few seconds.
It was mercifully quiet for a while, but Erin was beginning to suspect that Lyonette, annoying though she’d been, was right. After about thirty minutes of struggling in the snow, they were only a hundred feet away from the inn.
“Alright, new plan! We’re going into the city!”
Of course, when they got in sight of the gates and the Drake Guardsman on duty, Erin realized that there was another problem.
“Oh, right. Lyonette can’t come inside and neither can you, Toren.”
Both skeleton and [Princess] gave Erin a flat look. She smiled and scratched at her head.
“Um. Okay, Lyonette, you stay outside with Toren. I’ll be back soon!”
Lyonette stared at Erin as the girl shook snow off her boots and proceeded down the freshly cleared streets of Liscor. Then she looked at Toren.
The skeleton stood where Erin had left him. He was staring at the snow. Just staring. Lyonette knew the skeleton’s features never changed, but she got the distinct impression he was upset. He was gripping his sword rather tightly.
Slowly, she edged away from the skeleton and then looked at the guard. The Drake on duty stared ahead, boredom written into every inch of his body and his slowly wagging tail. He’d eyed Toren once, but apparently the guards knew about Erin’s undead helper. Slowly, he scratched at his butt.
Lyonette decided to stand right where she was. After a few minutes of waiting in the cold snow, she sneezed.
 
—-
 
“Snowshoes?”
Krshia looked blankly at Erin. The Human sneezed again and nodded.
“Yeah. Do you have any?”
Krshia scratched at her furry chin. Today Brunkr was nowhere to be seen, and she’d told Erin that he was still sulking.
“There is not much call for them outside, yes? The roads, they are melted clear with magic spell and many feet. And it does not usually snow so deeply.”
“Yeah. Um. Oops.”
Erin recalled several drunk faeries laughing as the flew out of her inn. She had the feeling that might have precipitated the sudden weather change.
Krshia eyed Erin, but shrugged.
“I may be able to find some. But none that will fit Human feet, yes? They will require resizing. And certainly none for your undead…thing.”
“Oh, I’ve got [Advanced Crafting], and I only need a pairs for me and L—uh, I just need two. Toren can run pretty fast through the snow since, you know, he doesn’t get tired.”
And the snow had a lot less mass to constrict in his case. Skeletons were thin.
Krshia nodded.
“But you will still be quite slow, yes?”
“Yes? I mean yeah, that is a problem.”
Erin frowned. She wanted to get around, at least so she could do some exploring and maybe gather some rare mushrooms like the ones Toren had found. Maybe she could sell them to the faeries for actual gold this time, or use them in a dish. But it was hard to explore when you moved at a glacial pace.
The Gnoll [Shopkeeper] thought as she and Erin stood together in front of her stall. It was nice to be on speaking terms with Krshia again. She always had good advice for Erin.
Let’s see. If snow shoes were too slow, what was faster?
“How about skis?”
“Skis?”
Erin tried to explain. Krshia looked blank.
“Snow shoes we have, but these…pieces of wood seem too fragile. Gnolls would not use such things. Perhaps a Drake might have such devices.”
The tone in her voice suggested that only a Human would be that crazy, and even then, possibly only Erin.
“Well…darn. Maybe I could make some, though. Can I buy some wood? I mean, it’d be hard since Lyonette doesn’t know how to ski. And Toren can’t either…too bad we can’t all just—”
