2.42
Page 2
Erin looked over at Ryoka. She was still staring at her plate, although she’d finished eating. Klbkch was watching her, and it looked like Ryoka was in deep thought.
“Do you think that’s wise?”
“Well, Ryoka did bring Mrsha this far.”
“No, I mean, look at her.”
Selys pointed back to Mrsha. The Gnoll cub had lost some of her fear of Toren. She was reaching out and even as the skeleton turned, she grabbed his ankle curiously. Toren whirled, and Mrsha fled, yelping in terror.
“Toren! Don’t scare her!”
Erin went to cuddle Mrsha. She looked at Selys.
“What’s the matter?”
“She needs entertainment, Erin. She can’t stay in an inn all day, and she needs a minder, not…”
Selys nodded to Ryoka. The other girl was still motionless. Toren approached and tentatively reached for her plate. The other girl made no response, even when he waved a bony hand in front of her face.
“Right. Well, what should I do? Maybe I could leave her with Krshia?”
But that would mean she was around Brunkr, and Erin didn’t like that.
“Leave the child with me.”
Both Selys and Erin turned. Lyonette had stood up. She raised her nose at the two of them imperiously.
“What was that, Lyon?”
The girl’s eyes flashed, but she made no comment about her name. Erin liked the sound of Lyon better than Lyonette, anyways.
“I am bored. I will look after the child—Mrsha.”
Erin and Selys exchanged a look. Erin tried to make her tone friendly.
“Well, that’s really nice of you to offer, Lyonette. But…uh, I think…um…no.”
Lyonette scowled.
“Why not? I am quite capable of looking after a child.”
She glared as both Drake and Human exchanged a dubious look. Selys coughed into one claw.
“I can take Mrsha, Erin. I’ve got a day off and besides, there’s a playground in the city. She can have fun with other kids there.”
“A playground?”
Erin had never seen anything like that, but then, she’d never bothered to explore the city fully. Selys nodded.
“She’ll be safe with me. And I’m sure she’d like to have fun, wouldn’t you, Mrsha?”
The Gnoll cub looked up at Selys. She wagged her tail a bit and sniffed at the Drake as she crouched down.
“She’s sort of like a puppy, don’t you think?”
Erin whispered to Selys as the Drake scratched Mrsha behind the ears. Selys shrugged.
“Gnoll cubs are pretty animal-like. And Mrsha’s young; I wouldn’t worry about it. Drake hatchlings like to bite everything they can fit their mouths around. Aren’t Human children different too?”
Erin thought of screaming babies and toddlers who would eat bugs and sand and poo. She nodded.
“Well…if you don’t mind, that would be great, Selys! Thanks! Then Lyonette can help me and Toren look for cool stuff.”
Lyonette’s brows snapped together.
“What was that?”
“Hey Toren!”
Erin called out to the skeleton. He looked over at her.
“We’re going out! Get your sword and put the dishes away, okay? Lyonette’s coming too!”
The skeleton appeared to perk up when Erin mentioned the sword, but when she mentioned Lyonette he seemed to sag. He walked into the kitchen as Erin went over to Ryoka.
“Hey Ryoka, is it okay if Selys takes Mrsha for the day?”
“Mm.”
Ryoka didn’t look at Erin. Erin hesitated.
“And uh, I’m going outside. With Lyonette and Toren. I’m going exploring.”
“Mhm.”
The other girl’s face didn’t change. She was clearly deep in thought, or sleeping with her eyes open. Erin hesitated.
“I will inform her, Erin Solstice.”
Klbkch nodded from his seat. Erin smiled at him.
“Oh, thanks Klbkch! But are you sure you want to stay?”
The Antinium nodded.
“I would like to chat with Ryoka Griffin. Take care while you are exploring. Do not hesitate to run.”
