2.42
Page 7
Lyonette stared at the Frost Faerie, and then at Erin with the look of someone who clearly feared she was sharing a seat with someone who was insane. Erin remembered Lyonette couldn’t see the faeries.
“They’re faeries! You can’t see them but—they’re little blue people! They’ve got wings and they speak to me and Ryoka! They make it snow, but I’m telling them to stop!”
The other girl edged away from Erin. But the snow had begun to fall and it had also stopped as soon as Erin had complained. The rest of the sleigh ride was filled with more Christmas songs, most of which the faeries sang with Erin. The only one they hated was Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer, because they thought he was a freak.
As they reached the cave, Erin leapt off the sledge, still arguing with the faeries.
“He was not a freak! He just had a red…shining nose, that’s all! It was probably magic!”
 
“Bah! He was an abomination! ‘Twas right of the other reindeer to shun him!”
“How bright was his nose? Bright enough to light up the sky?”
“Who is Santa Claus?”
 
“Oh hey, this is one of the caves where Toren found all those mushrooms, right Lyonette?”
The [Princess] stared at Erin.
“Um. Yes?”
“Good! Let’s go get some poisonous mushrooms!”
The faeries cheered and Erin walked into the cave. She ran out a few seconds later.
“Bear!”
It was a sleeping bear, but that was more than enough for Erin to retreat back to her sledge. She pointed at Toren. The skeleton had paused to squat in the snow, probably to take a break from the efforts of pulling the sled, and the jingling harness she had put on him.
“Toren, there’s a bear! You go in there!”
The skeleton brightened up considerably. He reached for his sword—Erin had made him leave his armor behind so he would move faster. She scowled at him.
“Don’t hurt the bear! Just get those mushrooms! And be quiet; don’t wake the bear up if you can help it!”
As she and Lyonette sat in the sledge, Erin listened to the faeries laughing overhead. Lyonette eyed the fuzzy blue shapes she identified as the dangerous and unpredictable Frost Sprites and ducked whenever any of them come close.
“Are we just gathering mushrooms?”
“Well, to begin with. We’ll visit all of those caves Toren found and see if we can’t find something cool, okay?”
Lyonette shrugged and sniffed. She wiped her nose, and eyed Toren as the skeleton skulked back out of the caves, holding two handfuls of discolored mushrooms.
“Are we going to take all of the mushrooms with us? How will we carry them?”
Erin snapped her fingers.
“You’re right!”
She waved at Toren and hissed at him.
“Toren! Get the rest of the mushrooms quick, will you? We’re going back to the inn! We need jars! Lots of jars! Ooh, and I can make us lunch!”
The skeleton twitched.
 
—-
 
“Are those…bees?”
The third cave Erin and Lyonette found after a hearty lunch harbored a strange sight. Erin cautiously peered into the depths of the large cavernous hole in the side of the mountain and stared at the shapes moving around in the darkness.
Lyonette hung back. Erin beckoned her closer, and the girl reluctantly approached. She was holding a ball of light—it turned out she knew the spell, even though she didn’t have the [Mage] class.
“I think those are bees. What do you think, Lyonette?”
The girl hesitated. She flinched as one of the shadows flew closer.
“They’re—they’re bugs! I didn’t think any were alive in the winter! Why do you even care? They’re horrible!”
“Yeah, but are they bees or wasps?”
