2.42
Page 9
It took Erin quite some time to pull Lyonette out of the snow. The other girl just screamed and tried to wriggle further into the snow bank when Erin touched her. When she finally came out she was red-faced with the cold.
“I am not going in there again! You can’t make me! I won’t!”
“Don’t worry Lyon, we’re not going in. I promise.”
Erin tried to soothe Lyon. At last, the other girl subsided, and Erin took a few deep breaths to steady herself.
“Well, yeah. Those are some scary bees. And even if the Frost Faeries can beat them—”
 
“Anytime!”
“We fear no stingers!”
“Bring out your Queen! We’ll duel her!”
 
“—I really don’t want to get stung. So. Toren!”
The skeleton looked up. He was gathering up dead bees and stuffing them into a glass jar, a measure Erin wasn’t sure if she approved of. Well, she probably would have told him to do it anyways, but the bees were even more horrific crammed into the jar.
Erin found a big jar and tossed it to Toren.
“Go into the nest and get me some honey! And honeycomb. Don’t do too much damage to the nest and don’t hurt the bees—if you can. Okay?”
Her skeleton stared at Erin with what almost looked like an aggrieved air before he nodded and walked back into the cave. Erin settled back into the sledge and looked at Lyonette.
“He’ll be fine. I think. I mean, he’s dead and a skeleton. They can’t really hurt him, right?”
Lyonette just stared at Erin. She wasn’t hurt, but she was still breathing heavily.
“You are insane! I thought you were just unnatural, but you are clearly—insane!”
“No I’m not.”
Erin was hurt by the accusation. Lyonette shook her head. Erin turned back to the cave and listened.
“Wow. You can even hear them buzzing from here.”
The buzzing from the cave was indeed an audible thrum that could be felt even from here, like a bass beat coming out of a speaker. Erin and Lyonette waited for another minute, and then heard the buzzing change in quality. Suddenly, it grew much, much louder and there was an audible note of menace to the sound.
“Uh oh. Looks like Toren’s at the hive.”
“S-should we hide?”
“Why? He’s the one getting the honey.”
Erin felt rather smug. Even Pooh Bear couldn’t do as well as she could with a skeleton helper. Lyon shook her head.
“But even if he’s unharmed, what happens when they follow him out and find us here?”
Erin stared at Lyonette. The girl stared back.
“Run for it!”
In the sledge, the Frost Faeries laughed as the two girls jumped into the snow and began trying to cover themselves again.
 
“Hah! Foolish mortals! Let the buzzing things come!”
“Yes, we’ll freeze their wings. We won’t run from any overgrown flies!”
 
They laughed as the buzzing sound turned into a roar, and then the faeries paused as the bees emerged from the cave. Not just one or two or even a hundred; thousands of bees poured out of the entrance, engulfing something in the center which waved and struggled wildly.
The faeries stared at the thousands of bees congregating around Toren—a swarm so huge that they began to blot out the sun overhead. They exchanged a glance and then dove into the snow with Erin and Lyonette.
Erin peeked up as the bees swarmed angrily. She couldn’t see Toren among all the bees. Where was he, trying to get back to the sledge? But then her eyes widened as she saw him.
Her skeleton was in the center of the swarm of bees. And he wasn’t on the ground—he was in the air! They were lifting him up! The angry bees lifted the struggling Toren off the ground, ignoring his flailing, until he was a speck in the sky. Then they dropped him.
