2.43
Page 4
Klbkch inspects the food as I try not to stare at it. Is it just me or is Erin’s skeleton acting oddly? Can skeletons think? Damn. I should ask Pisces about that.
“Pardon me. I will eat as I speak if that is not rude.”
I wave one hand at him, and try not to look as he begins to tear the bee apart. I doubt I could eat in any case right now; his meal is making my stomach roil.
“To answer your question, the difference between my abilities now and in the past is…immense. At the height of my levels, I was quite capable of fighting against even the most powerful of monsters.”
Klbkch stares past me, as if he’s remembering. I have to keep reminding myself how old he must be. I’m not sitting in front of someone my age, or even twice my age. He’s like an old man.
“What kind of Skills did you have? Were they more powerful as you leveled up or did you get useless ones?”
“I would occasionally receive less useful skills, but they did get progressively stronger. One Skill I received at Level 30—at the same time I received the [Swordslayer] class—allowed me to deflect a blow with my swords, even if I was being assaulted by considerable force. I believe I once used it to knock aside a ballista bolt at point blank range.”
I whistle. That’s scary.
“Leveling up in one class sounds better than taking multiple classes.”
“I believe so. My Level 40 skill was named [Continuous Cut]. I was able to use it to strike down enemies with such speed that I could eradicate entire battalions by myself over the course of a battle.”
A battalion? Isn’t that…five hundred soldiers? My chest is tight.
“Klbkch the Slayer.”
“So I was named. But as I believe you know, my skills were inferior to General Sserys. He slew me in battle and I have never regained my former levels.”
Wow. Again, I have to wrestle with myself. Levels are so damn useful. But—bah. It doesn’t matter now, does it? I have a feeling the reason the faeries are so friendly with me is because I don’t have any levels. If their friendship is contingent on me not leveling, that’s already one very compelling argument not to level.
No matter how cool Skills sound.
I scoot my chair closer to the table, even though that puts me closer to the bee Klbkch is devouring. He’s leaving the exoskeleton alone, though.
“Is that really enough of a meal for you?”
Klbkch looks surprised as I point at the bee. He sucks something into his ‘mouth’ and hesitates.
“It is not wholly adequate for my dietary needs. But there is food in the Hive and this is a tasty…treat.”
“Erin told me the Antinium can’t handle gluten. What do you eat, then?”
“We harvest meat and grind it into a paste along with other substances. We do have plants we cultivate—we use them to feed other species we rear for the purpose of consumption.”
Ah. Good. The Antinium have perfected livestock production. I shake my head.
“Well, okay.”
“Hey you two!”
Both of us look up. Erin bustled over to the table, beaming.
“How are you doing? Sorry the food took so long Klbkch—and uh, sorry I haven’t made yours, Ryoka. It’s really busy tonight!”
I shrug. Klbkch nods at Erin politely.
“This is a most satisfactory dish, Erin. Thank you.”
“No problem! Do you want seconds? I think we’ve got more bees in the jar. And I can whip you something up if you want. Ooh, how about honeycomb? And Ryoka, do you want a hamburger?”
Hell yes. Give me some greasy, disgusting food. My arteries can take it*.
 
*Probably.
 
“I’ll have a hamburger. Two, actually. Rare.”
“I would be delighted to try some honeycomb, if that is not an imposition.”
“Great! I’ll be back with your orders!”
