2.43
Page 3
Is it worth it? But Selys knows now, and once someone knows the information will eventually spread. And we need the Gnolls, Erin and I. At the very least, they can’t be an enemy. I think of Brunkr and—no.
“I’ll tell them. But you and I need to speak more.”
“What would you like to speak about, Ryoka Griffin?”
I stare at Klbkch’s face.
“Everything. I—Erin and I—we’re living in this world ignorant of everything that’s occurred. We don’t know geography, history, or any kind of politics. I want to know how magic works, how things like healing potions are made, what kind of dangerous people exist in the world…”
“I will tell you some of what I know. But I fear I may not be able to answer all your questions in that regard.”
“Why?”
Klbkch taps the table slowly.
“To begin with, my Hive has its own sources of information which it does not share with other hives. And though we have accumulated knowledge, much of it is…specialized.”
My heart sinks.
“Meaning you don’t pay attention to world events?”
“My Queen does, and I hear conversations. But I believe only the Queens look beyond this continent. Most of what my Hive knows of are locations of mineral deposits, fertility of soil, monster lairs and dungeons and so forth.”
I sit back in my chair and frown. I pinch at the bridge of my nose as I think.
“I see. Damn.”
“I have much information that will be useful, however. It has occurred to me that there is another facet of the leveling system that may prove crucial.”
My eyes snap open.
“What?”
The Antinium nods slowly.
“I believe I had informed you of my levels? I possess a wide variety of classes, that will prove detrimental to me leveling up. However, there may be another way to address the issue. I may be able to merge my classes.”
What? I stare at Klbkch.
“You can do that?”
“I am aware it occurs in some rare cases. Two classes may merge to create a new, hybrid class. For instance, a [Warrior] and a [Strategist] class may merge to form a [Commander] class.”
“But—wait a second. You have the [Commander] class, don’t you? And the [Swordslayer] class. Why didn’t those two merge?”
“I can only speculate. But I received my [Swordslayer] class long before I became a [Commander]. Moreover, the [Swordslayer] class is an advancement of the [Warrior] class. It may be that the classes become…”
“Incompatible?”
“Yes. Or I simply may have wished to retain my purely combat-based class rather than focus on a leadership role.”
“I get it.”
I nod and sit back in my chair. Merging classes? What other secrets does this system hold? Prestige classes? Are there certain classes that can only be met by fulfilling rare conditions? Klbkch studies me for a second and then speaks.
“Class merging is rare, and up until this day I had regarded it as a somewhat negative phenomenon.”
Right. While a unique class might be useful, two classes would be thought of as better than one, right? Double the skills. But if it helps with the level cap…
“Here’s a question for you, Klbkch. How much of a difference between Level 20 in [Swordslayer] and Level 44 is there? How strong were you back then?”
In short, how dangerous is a Named Adventurer? I’ve seen Gazi fight, but was that only because she had her enchanted eye?
Klbkch pauses, and then he sits back in his chair. He opens his mandibles, and pauses. I look up. Toren’s stomping over to us. He shoves a plate with a dead bee onto the table in front of Klbkch—so hard it nearly flies off the edge—and then turns and walks back into the kitchen.
“Ah.”
