2.43
Page 2
“They implied there was a glamour or some kind of illusory magic on them. I think Teriarch can see them, but no one else I’ve met has been able to.”
The Antinium nods. He and I are sitting at a table in one corner of the room, away from any potential listeners. I’m wary of the Gnolls, but they seem engrossed in their own conversations so I try not to stare too hard at them. The key to talking in secret is not to look like we’re discussing anything important, after all.
“They are regarded as natural forces by the citizens of Liscor. That you are able to pierce their spells may be another result of your coming from another world.”
“It seems that way.”
I look up at the faeries. They’re an odd bunch. They’re still devouring the bee—happily, I can’t make out any of the details in the shadowed rafters—but they aren’t everything I expected of them. They’re surprisingly caring when it comes to children, and while they obey rules and bargains made, they can break said rules and interfere to help people as well.
Odd.
“I’m going to try and speak more with them. But it’s hard to get a faerie to tell you anything. Trust me on that one.”
Klbkch nods.
“I wish you luck. But I believe we were discussing your theories on leveling. I have news.”
I look back at the Antinium, all my attention instantly focused. Yeah. This is the real reason we’re sitting together. Now that I have someone I can trust—besides Erin—I have countless things I want to ask of him*.
 
*I’m still not entirely sure I can trust Klbkch, of course. He has a past—and of course he is still loyal to his Hive. But he makes a good case for himself. If he wanted to, he could easily capture either Erin or me and force us to tell him everything. On the other hand, if he wants our cooperation, well, better to be a useful chess piece than a disposable one.
 
“What have you learned? Does your Hive’s data match my theories?”
Klbkch nods.
“I have reviewed several hundred individuals with high levels, and their cumulative level rarely approaches one hundred. More than that, individuals with more than two classes rarely surpass Level 30.”
I sit back in my chair and exhale.
“Correlation, if not causation.”
“I am unfamiliar with these terms.”
“It means—”
I try to explain to Klbkch the basis of scientific theory. He nods.
“That sounds accurate. Even if there are nuances to what you propose, there is a high likelihood that cumulative levels factors into the leveling process rather than age.”
“And that means…”
I pause. What does that mean?
“It means we have to tell Erin. And that I have something to give to Krshia and the Gnolls.”
“But no one else?”
“Are there any Antinium you’d tell?”
Klbkch shakes his head.
“My people rarely level in any case. Only the Queens level and they almost exclusively level in the [Queen] class. I could inform other Prognugators, but that would likely lead to every Hive quickly learning this information. I may inform the Individuals, but I will observe them before doing so.”
I frown at Klbkch.
“Why don’t the Antinium even level up that much? Is it because your species is a hive mind?”
“So my Queen has speculated. Even Soldiers do not gain levels in the [Soldier] class that often. She believed that this was due to the Antinium not making their own decisions, hence her desire to create individual Antinium.”
“Sounds like this information doesn’t help the Antinium that much.”
“Indeed. I suggest you use it to placate the Silverfang tribe. If you believe it is worth the information spreading, that is.”
“Hm.”
