2.43
Page 7
I understand that part. Krshia’s brows draw together and she sighs heavily.
“Yes. It was supposed to be a secret, but it is hard to hide in Liscor. In any case, it would have been a great gift, one worthy of much praise among the tribes.”
“And yet, this information Ryoka has shared with you has the potential to change your entire race, does it not?”
Again, Krshia nods at Klbkch.
“It does. But there are two reasons why it is not enough. The first, it is that it is not a good secret to have, yes? It raises many problems.”
“Such as?”
“Mrr. When I think of what you have said, it means that to gain a higher level, one must take only one class. This is…problematic. If one must take only one class, it means Gnolls must choose their classes early and never change them. That will make life in the tribes more difficult.”
I guess I see the problem. Gnoll tribes are very practical; everyone contributes towards making the tribe a better place. One day someone might be a hunter, but the next they could take over cooking duty if need be. If everyone has one class though, then suddenly everyone’s a specialist. And, to quote Robert A. Heinlein, specialization is for insects.
“I see the problem.”
“Not all of it. The second problem is that such choices of classes must be made when Gnolls are very young; barely more than cubs, yes?”
Krshia looks troubled. She shakes her head.
“It is not what I or any of my tribe would wish, to force our young to do what they might not want. And yet, it would be necessary. We would have to decide the fate of our next generation. And that is…troubling.”
“Oh.”
Oh. Oh. I get it. Klbkch looks confused, but this is about free will. Gnolls probably hate to force their kindred to do anything; it’s all give and take. Putting someone in a set path for life might work in China with tiger moms, but it’s not going to fly among Gnoll parents.
Well, shit.
“I see your problem, Krshia. But this information might help in any case. Even if you don’t choose to make your kids take one class, at least Gnolls can be more aware of what’s happening.”
She nods.
“This is so, and even with these issues, it is an important gift. A secret of the world. It will take all the tribes to decide if such knowledge should be shared or hoarded.”
“Well, only Selys knows about it so you might have a chance of keeping the secret. Would all Gnolls be so uh, tight-lipped though?”
“If it is decided, they would not betray the pack.”
Hmm. That’s a lot of confidence. I shake my head.
“Okay, what’s the second reason why the secret isn’t good enough?”
“It is too cheap. For a work of ten years, it is too cheap. I am sorry.”
Krshia spreads her hands on the table.  She looks at me and Klbkch.
“It is an important secret, but you and Klbkch have uncovered it in days, yes? The other tribes have labored for a decade to bring that which is most valuable to us. How can my tribe’s Chieftain raise her head high with only one small secret to offer the other clans?”
When she puts it like that…I look at Klbkch. Damnit. I really thought we’d solved the problem.
“I get it. I’ll…I’ll think of something else, okay?”
Krshia nods gravely.
“That you have made such an important discovery will help, Ryoka Griffin. I will share what you have told me with the Gnolls in the city. That will please them and keep them obedient. For now.”
And like that, the secret spreads. No matter what Krshia says, I feel like in a year everyone will know about this leveling system. Oh well. I’ll take what benefits I can get from it for now. I need to tell Erin about that too, though. But…
