2.43
Page 5
Erin beams and bustles off. A few seconds later Lyonette appears with some drinks.
“I have water and milk. And ale. Which one do you want?”
“I’ll have the ale.”
“I shall have water.”
She puts the drinks on our table and leaves. I stare at her back. Huh. Erin managed to make her useful. There’s something I thought I would never see.
“You seem interested in the former thief.”
I look at Klbkch and nod.
“I uh, think she’s special.”
“She did possess a number of powerful magical artifacts. And she claims kinship with Magnolia Reinhart.”
“Right. She might be more than that.”
“How so?”
“It’s complicated. I’ll explain it later. Right now, I’d like to ask a few more questions about what’s going on in Liscor.”
“I see. I will answer to the best of my abilities.”
Honestly, Lyonette is small potatoes next to everything we’ve been discussing. I put her out of my mind and concentrate on more pressing concerns.
“Apparently all these Gold-rank adventurers are in town looking for a dungeon that’s buried underground. But the Antinium should know about it already. Is there a dungeon, and if there is, what’s inside of it?”
Klbkch sits back in his chair. He regards the stripped bee carcass and pushes it away.
“There is a dungeon under Liscor. My Hive has been doing battle with the monsters emerging from the dungeon for many years now. Some are drawn to the location; many seem to have nests within the dungeon. But there are traps and many magical defenses as well. Until recently, my Queen had desired to secure the dungeon herself, so that our Hive might reap the rewards of what is contained within. However, this has proved unfeasible and so she has elected to open an entrance in the hopes that adventurers might eliminate some of the traps….”
 
—-
 
Erin beamed around the room. She had Antinium eating, Drakes eating, Gnolls eating…she had a full inn for once! And everyone looked happy.
Well, true, the Antinium just looked expressionless and Lyon kept turning green every time she looked at them devouring the bugs—as did the Drakes and Gnolls for that matter—but the point was, she was in business!
And to top it all off, just as a family of Drakes exited the inn after paying Lyonette, in walked Krshia.
“Oh, hey Krshia! I’m so glad you could make it! Brunkr’s not coming?”
Krshia smiled briefly.
“He is nursing the bite young Mrsha gave him. I believe he is also afraid of you, yes?”
Erin laughed. Privately, she was glad Brunkr wasn’t with Krshia. He was kind of a jerk. Out of the corner of Erin’s eye, she saw Ryoka and Klbkch turn in their seats. Krshia nodded gravely at Erin and smiled ever so slightly as Mrsha bounded over, tail wagging.
“It is good to see you, Erin Solstice. And you too, young Mrsha, yes?”
She bent down and ruffled the younger Gnoll’s fur gently. Mrsha sniffed at Krshia and the taller Gnoll sniffed back. Then she looked at Erin.
“It has been too long since I have come here. I would eat here, unless you think it unwise?”
“Oh, no, no. Come in? Unless—”
Erin glanced over, suddenly concerned, and saw Lyonette. The girl had frozen against one wall, eyes wide as she stared at Krshia. The Gnoll sniffed.
“I will not be troubled by the thief, no. And I would sit with Ryoka Griffin and Klbkch if they will have me.”
“Sounds good.”
Ryoka stood up and Klbkch politely made room so Krshia could sit at their table. Both seemed intent, but Erin was just happy to take Krshia’s order—honey-glazed roast ribs, made with real honey—before she bustled off into the kitchen.
