2.43
Page 1
Erin looked at the other Antinium as Lyonette handed a Worker a plate and fled. Bird delicately broke off a wing and began to nibble at it. Erin tried not to watch.
“Uh, where’s Pawn? I thought he’d be with you.”
“He is thinking. And speaking to the Workers in the Hive. He has duties below. What he does is important.”
Bird spoke solemnly. All the Workers nodded at once. Erin blinked.
“Oh? That’s…good. I’ll get the rest of your food. And then maybe we can play some chess!”
“That would be most welcome.”
Back in the kitchen, Erin saw Toren. The skeleton was standing over a pile of dishes. He was still a bit wet from his activities outside. He’d been pulling sleds up the hill for nearly eight hours straight. Erin was a little proud of him, and of herself for thinking up the idea.
“Hey Toren, help Lyonette carry the plates out, will you? I’ve got to make more food.”
The skeleton turned. He stared at Erin and then walked over to the plates. He knocked Lyon’s hand aside and grabbed two and walked abruptly out the door.
Erin frowned at him. If she didn’t know better she would have thought that was rude. Lyon sniffed as she rubbed at her hand.
“That thing bothers me.”
“Who, Toren? He’s probably just tired. Or something.”
Did skeletons run out of mana? Erin resolved to ask Pisces more when he came back. She sighed and picked up the pan she’d been using to cook the bees. Then she stared at it.
It wasn’t precisely messy, but bits of the bees had been broken off as she’d fried them. And certain internal fluids had leaked out. Slowly, Erin put the pan down. She carefully tied a piece of red yarn to the handle of the pan she’d used and pointed it out to Lyon.
“This is the bug pan now, okay? Bug pan.”
Lyonette nodded weakly.
Erin put it in the pile of dishes for Toren to wash. Then she got to cooking. She was hungry, and she had a good feeling about tonight. She’d invited Krshia to come over later, and Mrsha and Selys really seemed to have bonded.
“Lyon? Go ask Selys what she and Mrsha want. I’ve got hamburgers, and I can make pizza—ooh! Tell Mrsha I’ll put a little honey in a bowl for her, will you?”
Erin hummed happily as Lyon walked out the door. Today was a good day. And tomorrow would be even better! She looked at Toren as he walked back in.
“Hey Toren, we’re going to go out tomorrow and get more stuff! Get ready because we’ll be running around all day!”
The skeleton stared at her. Erin turned back to her cooking and hummed happily. The skeleton stared at Erin’s back for one second and then picked up a plate with a bee on it. He walked towards the door and then tripped. Deliberately.
 
—-
 
I look up when I hear the crash of breaking ceramics, but it’s just Erin’s pet skeleton. Toren dropped one of the freakish bees Erin was cooking for the Antinium and now it’s rolling across the floor.
That’s the thing about Erin. Yup. I don’t consider myself squeamish, but I’d never touch one of those gigantic bees, let alone cook the thing. But Erin can fry them up without a second’s pause.
 
“Aha! Free food!”
 
From overhead, one of the Frost Faeries jumps down from a beam in the ceiling. She grabs the bee and she effortlessly flies it back up overhead. The group of faeries sitting above the other diners begins to tear it apart and I look away.
Klbkch stares up at the Frost Faeries. He can’t see them like I can, but everyone saw the bee flying through the air.
“The Antinium have no knowledge of these Frost Faeries. I am intrigued that you are able to see them and talk with them.”
I nod. Intriguing isn’t even close to the word I’d use.
