2.43
Page 8
I put my head in my hands as Krshia and Klbkch look at me. Gods. I thought I really had it, this time. But instead I haven’t solved anything.
Just what am I going to do? I think of Teriarch, and I know I have to leave soon. But Mrsha’s still here, and Magnolia’s spies are all over the place and there’s people from my world in her mansion—
What am I going to do?
 
—-
 
Ryoka looked like she was having a busy conversation with Krshia and Klbkch, so Erin left them to it. She was busy playing chess, cleaning up dishes, talking to patrons—
 
“Aha! I see yon keg is unguarded! I declare it plunder!”
“Free drinks! On the house!”
 
—And chasing Frost Faeries.
“They’re not free! Stop that, you little thieves!”
Erin shouted as she ran after the Frost Faeries. They laughed as they swooped around with mugs in their hands—they were amazingly strong to be able to carry the heavy containers so easily.
Chess board, drunk faeries, collecting payment from her guests—Erin ran around until her feet were sore and it was past midnight. Only then did the last of her guests leave.
Bird departed with Klbkch and the other Workers as Erin bid them good night—or an early morning, rather. Krshia had already left, and Ryoka was sitting at one of the tables, her head in her hands.
“Hey Ryoka. I’m going to lock up, okay?”
The other girl nodded silently, and Erin closed up the inn. Ryoka looked stressed, but Erin felt good as she curled up in her kitchen cot. She’d done some solid innkeeping today, and gotten a lot of cool stuff she couldn’t wait to mess around with tomorrow.
 
[Innkeeper Level 26!]
 
And for once, it sounded like the world agreed with her.
 
—-
 
The next day, Erin woke up early because she had to pee. She stumbled around, banging into pots with her face and nearly knocking over the jar full of Snow Golem snow, before she finally made it to the outhouse. She sat, shivering, as she did her business, and then went back into the inn and tried to get to sleep.
The only problem was that the cold had done the work of a cup of coffee, and no matter how Erin tossed and turned she couldn’t doze off again. So she got up, despite having only had about two hours of sleep in total.
“Mrshbvg?”
Lyonette blinked at Erin as she came down the stairs—early for once—and found breakfast was already made. Erin stared at her food and scowled as Lyonette opened her mouth.
“I have leveled up in this…[Barmaid] class yet again.”
“Good for you.”
“And I have a Skill! [Basic Cooking]!”
Her tone made this seem like an outrage rather than a good thing. Erin eyed Lyonette wearily from her table as Toren stepped into the inn. She’d told him to come back in the morning.
“It is an outrage! Why would I need such a Skill?”
“…To cook stuff?”
Erin held her head in her hands. She sighed as she spooned delicious honey onto her buttery crepes. At least that was good.
“Honestly, Lyon. It would help me out if you can cook. And you could manage the inn when I’m gone, too.”
The girl paused with a huge forkful of dripping crepe a quarter of the way towards her mouth.
“I could?”
“Yes? No? Maybe? I’m gonna go out and get more bees. That’s what I’m gonna do. The Antinium like them.”
Erin groaned into her food. She looked around at Toren.
“Hey. You.”
He looked back over at her. He seemed almost…annoyed, or antsy. He kept fidgeting in place, as if he was bored. But Erin was too tired and grumpy to care.
“Get the sleigh ready. And get some jars. We’re going exploring again.”
