2.44
Page 5
They had to use a big scale for her jars. Erin caused quite a fuss when she took the honey out again—and Fuzzylips got to work weighing the jar. He used colored stones to balance the scale and he muttered to himself as he measured the jar with a knotted rope.
Then he told Erin to place the bee-filled jar on the scale. She did so, ignoring the gasps. Fuzzylips measured the jar fast, and he freaked out when one of the bees twitched inside the glass.
“They’re alive!?”
Erin poked at the bee curiously. It was waving its feelers at her.
“Weird. I know I sealed the jar, but I guess they’ve still got a bit of air left in there. Huh. It’s been like, ten hours since then. I had a long nap.”
The poor guardsman measured the jar fast without touching the glass. When he was done he scribbled on a piece of paper and told Erin how much it would cost to take the jars into the city.
“Four silver for each jar of honey and seven for the jar of…”
Fuzzylips shuddered.
“Bees.”
“That’s a lot of money! And why are the bees more expensive than the honey?”
“You’ll get more for them from any merchant, I expect. And the [Alchemists] pay a mint for monster parts.”
“They do? Hmm…”
She’d probably need some money to get back. More than she had, anyways. Erin fished around in her pockets.
“Where’s my money pouch? Uh oh. Did I bring it with me?”
Fuzzylips stared at her with a pained expression as Erin checked the many pockets of her layers of clothing.
“Coins? Coins, coins…aha!”
She pulled out her coin pouch and triumphantly spilled some coins into her hands. Again, the guardsmen’s eyes bulged as they saw the gold coins that Erin had earned from her successful days of innkeeping.
“How many silver coins is…? Oh wait, I give you one. Here!”
Erin handed a gold coin to Fuzzylips. He took it, staring as she tucked the rest into her pouch. He had to test the coin by scoring it with a dagger to make sure it was real. The gold attracted not a few eyes, and the [Guardsman] had to fumble with his own purse to make change for her.
“Here you are. And here is your signed proof of entry. Present it if you’re questioned.”
Erin had to fumble with the stamped piece of paper. She smiled at the guardsman.
“Thanks! Can you tell me where I can find an [Alchemist]?”
“Go down the main street and take a left when you see the Adventurer’s Guild. There are a lot of shops down that street.”
“Thank you!”
“Ah, before you go—”
Fuzzylips coughed, and Erin turned back. He and some of the other guardsmen—some of whom weren’t actually men—were staring at Erin.
“You said you came from Liscor? And you’re an [Innkeeper]?”
“That’s right!”
“But—only Drakes and Gnolls live down there. I heard a dungeon was found earlier—are you an adventurer was well?”
Erin frowned.
“No…I have an inn. It’s called, ‘The Wandering Inn.’”
“Ah. Because it wanders magically?”
“No. It’s, well, it’s sort of a joke. And I found the inn by chance when I was…wandering. See?”
Erin tried to explain. In the end, she gave up.
“Anyways, I run it, but I went out for a uh, ride, and I got lost. So I ended up here and now I’ve got to get back. With a horse or something.”
“I see?”
“Yeah! Well, anyways, thanks for all the help!”
Erin smiled at them. She waved and walked out of the gatehouse. The [Guardsmen] and two [Guardswomen] looked at each other. Fuzzylips scratched at his weak mustache.
“What’s the joke?”
 
—-
 
