2.44
Page 6
Celum was amazing. It looked like a real medieval town, with tons of rumbling wagons and people who dressed in rough clothing and other people hawking their goods. True, Liscor had some of the same elements, but Drakes and Gnolls were different and Liscor didn’t get nearly as many visitors. Erin walked through the streets looking around in awe.
“Wow. And they’re all Human!”
That was something she could only be amazed by in this world. But yet, everyone who walked by Erin was Human, and…white. They all had variations of fair skin, and a lot of them looked European. Erin found that slightly odd, but she was already wondering if she could wait here for a day before returning to her inn.
It had been so long—she just wanted to talk with some other people. But the glass jars were heavy and they kept threatening to fall out of her blanket-satchel. So Erin resolved to sell them first. She could probably sell the honey to a bunch of places, but the bees had to go to an [Alchemist].
What had Fuzzylips said? Something about left at the Adventurer’s Guild? Erin frowned. She tried to make her way through the flow of traffic, but she hadn’t gone more than eight steps before she ran into an issue.
Namely, traffic. In Liscor she hadn’t experienced many problems, but even the main road of Celum had a lot of congestion due to all the foot traffic and the wagons that were constantly moving by. No one wanted their feet crushed by a wagon wheel, and the horses themselves were not keen to have to push through people. All this meant that Erin soon found herself jostled and moving very slowly.
She was worried the glass jars would fall out of her satchel. Erin frowned and wondered if she should try to find another way through the streets before someone yanked at her shirt.
“Hey Miss, I can take you to an [Alchemist]!”
Erin looked down and saw a gap-toothed grin and a young boy smiling up at her. She smiled back.
“Hi there! Who are you?”
The young boy couldn’t have been more than thirteen. He was scrawny for his age though, and he looked underfed. But he gave her such a charming smile that Erin immediately liked him.
“I’m Grev, Miss. And you need to get to an [Alchemist] to sell them bees, am I right?”
“How do you know I’ve got bees?”
Erin was surprised, but the boy just shrugged.
“I wait at the gatehouse. I’m a local guide; I can take you where you need to go without having to wait for all this traffic!”
That did sound good. Erin looked at the milling people—and at the heavy wagons and pooping horses—and smiled at Grev.
“Well, if you know the way I guess I can pay you something. Like a silver coin?”
“I’d do it for half, but if you’re offering—”
Grev’s mouth fell open as Erin put a silver coin in his hand. He stared up at her, and Erin gave him a smile.
“Lead on! And can you show me around afterwards? I’ve never been to Celum.”
Her genuine enthusiasm and trust nearly made the boy reconsider. But then he put his [Fake Smile] back on his face and pointed down another street.
“Sure thing! This way, Miss. I know a short cut.”
Erin happily walked after Grev. She walked down some side streets off the main street, looking around happily. Her smile was wide, and it only faded a bit when she had to go down an alleyway. When she saw the three men in dark clothing her smile was faded, but still hanging on determinedly to her face. When they unsheathed their swords and daggers she lost the smile.
 
—-
 
“Hey, wait a second. You tricked me!”
