2.44
Page 8
Erin clutched the thing in her hand as she crouched by the jars. The man hesitated.
“I’ll—”
“Bee in the face!”
Erin threw the dead bee at the man’s face as she dove out of the way. He threw the dagger, but it missed as Erin rolled and smacked into the alley wall. And then the mugger screamed as Erin’s [Unerring Throw] presented him with a bee at intimate proximity to his face.
“Take this!”
Erin ran over to the man just as he tore the dead bee off of him. She punched him in the chest and felt something go crack. He dropped the sword, and she punched him in the face. He fell down and didn’t get back up.
Breathing heavily, Erin staggered backwards, and stared at the three muggers. They were down and she was alive. Yeah. Alive.
Something burned. Erin looked at her arm and saw a deep cut she didn’t remember receiving. And her side was hurting too. Something had cut her there too! But she wasn’t hurt besides that.
“Oh wow. Oh no. Oh…”
Erin had to sit down for a second. The dead bee was lying on the ground, so Erin tossed it back in the jar and sealed the lid. Some of the bees were moving in reaction to the air. She stared at one of the men as he bled from his crushed nose and tried to breathe.
She’d never been attacked in Michigan. She’d never even really been in a fight. Of course, here she’d fought undead and monsters quite a lot so she hadn’t been terrified, but still—there was something scary about people trying to hurt her.
Erin sighed and stood up. She walked over to her jars and heard a gasp. She whirled around and saw a small shape stand up and dart towards the alleyway entrance.
“Hey! You! Don’t move or I’ll shoot! I mean, throw!”
Grev froze mid-step, and Erin lowered the glass jar in her hands. She stared at the young boy.
“You! Hey, come here you little jerk!”
Slowly, the young boy turned and walked towards Erin. His face was nearly white and he was trembling.
“I didn’t mean to do it! They forced me to, I swear! They were gonna kill my sister if I didn’t, miss!”
“What? That’s so ter—why were they giving you money, then?”
Erin frowned at Grev. He turned a shade whiter.
“I—I—please don’t kill me!”
The young woman thought about everything for a second. She considered the day she’d had—most of which she’d slept through, Toren’s betrayal, her entrance to the city and near-death or horrible mugging and worse experience and Grev’s part in all of it. She nodded to herself and clenched her fist.
“Take this!”
Grev screamed. Erin punched him on the head, hard, but without using her full strength. He yelped, and tried to scramble away. Erin caught him by his dirty shirt and he screamed in fear as he tried to shield his face.
“Please—”
“I’m not going to hurt you any more.”
Grev’s face instantly brightened.
“You’re not?”
Erin tried to make her face scary. She stared at Grev, trying to look menacing.
“I won’t if you do something for me.”
“W-what?”
Erin pointed to the unconscious muggers. One of them was groaning, and she wondered if she should kick them or sit on them or something. At the very least she should pick up all the weapons they’d dropped.
“You’re going to get me the Watch, and I’m going to sit here.”
Grev nodded eagerly. Erin almost let him go, but she had a thought. He was probably just going to run away, wasn’t he? She looked at the jars on the ground and had an idea. Grev’s white face turned even most ghost-like as she lifted one of the dead bees and showed him it.
“You’re going to get the Watch, understand? If you don’t, I’m going to take this bee and shove it—”
