2.44
Page 9
Erin hesitated. She eyed the horrible dead bug and Grev’s pale face.
“—Somewhere horrible! Go! Run!”
He ran as if the bees were chasing him. Erin stared down at the bee. Now that she thought about it, they were really useful. Then one of the bees tried to crawl out of the jar and Erin slammed the lid shut, cutting off two of its legs.
“Oops. Sorry!”
 
—-
 
Fuzzylips looked like he was trying to tug his budding mustache off his face. He had an incredulous look on his face that Erin was unfairly beginning to associate with his character in general. It seemed to pop up any time she explained something.
“So, you took down three muggers – one of whom was a former Bronze-rank Adventurer – with your bare hands.”
Erin nodded. She watched with interest as the squad of guardsmen forced the groaning men up and subdued any protest with brisk, efficient blows to soft spots.
“But you don’t have any combat classes except ah, two levels in [Warrior].”
Grev was shaking in the street. One of the guardswomen had an eye on him, and he looked afraid as he stared at Erin. What were they going to do with him? She nodded vaguely.
“I’ve got some Skills, though.”
“I see. And you beat them all without any injuries?”
“Well, I had a few but the healing potion cleared them up.”
Fuzzylips cleared his throat again.
“I see. Well ah, Miss Solstice—”
“Call me Erin!”
She beamed at him. Fuzzylips turned a bit red.
“Um—Erin. Well, I’m sorry you had to meet the worst folk in our city so soon. But you’ve done everyone a service, taking these men down. I’d like to present you with their gear, although we will of course be confiscating their weapons and armor. But I can give you some coin and the items they had on them.”
He offered Erin a small pouch he’d added two silver coins and four copper ones to, and three bottles of what Erin assumed were healing potions. She eyed them, confused.
“So you’re giving me their stuff? Because I beat them up?”
Fuzzylips nodded. Erin thought about that.
“Okay.”
“Well then, we’ll let you be on your way. I believe I will escort you to the [Alchemist] myself, in case of other…attacks. As for you—”
He turned and Grev made a run for it. He got two steps before the woman in armor grabbed him and roughly dragged him back. His face was a mask of terror.
“We’ll see if your folks can pay the fine for your crimes. If not, it’ll be lashes, boy.”
“What?”
Erin spoke up as Grev went white and began to cry. Fuzzylips looked at her.
“Pardon, Miss Erin, but it’s the only way to deal with his kind.”
“I already hit him. Isn’t that enough punishment?”
She felt guilty saying that, but Fuzzylips hesitated.
“He deserves a whipping, Miss. There’s no telling how many folks he caused to get murdered or robbed.”
“Right. Well…um…well, what if I said I forgave him?”
Both guardspeople looked at Erin. She was staring at Grev. He was looking at her as if she was his last hope. He squeezed his eyes and more tears fell. She wasn’t sure if he had really learned his lesson, but she didn’t want him to be lashed.
“If you want to drop charges…”
Fuzzylips muttered with his companion and turned back to Erin.
“Are you sure? He’s just as guilty as those other men, mark my words.”
“Well, if he does it again I’ll shove a b—I won’t forgive him. How’s that?”
Erin crossed her arms and tried to look imposing. Fuzzylips and the guardswoman looked skeptical, but he nodded at last.
“Well, boy, looks like you’re getting off easy thanks to Miss Erin.”
Grev looked relieved, but he went pale again as Fuzzylips put his hand on his sword.
