2.44
Page 10
“Mark me, though. I know your face, and if we catch wind you’re thieving or committing any more crimes—it won’t be lashes next time. We’ll cast you out of the city. Understand?”
The boy’s face went pale again. He stuttered.
“Y-yes.”
“Then beat it.”
Grev fled, staring back once at Erin. She watched him go, and felt like she should wave. He was a bad kid, but he was still just a kid. Who’d tried to get her killed, true.
After a moment, Fuzzylips cleared his throat.
“Who might you be wanting to see, Miss Erin? I know three reputable [Alchemists] in the city—do you have a preference or name?”
Erin scratched her head.
“Uh, how about the one who’s most likely to buy a jar of bees? I mean, do they even need bees?”
“The stitch-girl might.”
The guardswoman muttered to Fuzzylips, and he made a face.
“That’s true. That loon’ll buy—you want Octavia, Mi—Erin.”
“Cool. Do you know the way?”
“I’ll take you there. It’s only a few minutes’ walk.”
“Really? Thank you!”
Erin began to walk with the man, and then she paused and turned back to the other guardsmen. She smiled at them, deliberately ignoring the way they were kicking the guy with the sword in the stomach.
“Thanks for all the help!”
The guardspeople looked up, surprised, and the man on the ground spat out some blood and said a word that was muffled as he received another kick. Everyone watched as Erin walked off with the guardsman. Then the members of the Celum’s City Watch gathered together for some discussion as the three muggers were hauled off.
“An [Innkeeper] took down three men in an ambush? Are you sure that’s what she said?”
“Positive. And she’s from Liscor? If that’s what the [Innkeepers] are like there, what kind of crime do they have in Drake cities?”
“The Wandering Inn? I still don’t get the joke.”
 
—-
 
It was a pleasant walk, not being mugged or horribly attacked while Fuzzylips led her down the city streets. They even made better time; the [Guardsman] wasn’t afraid to shout to make people move aside, and by the time they got to the small street with the boarded-up windows, they’d had quite a nice chat.
“So you guys have never been to Liscor? Really?”
Fuzzylips coughed as he stopped in front of the shop. Erin looked up and read the sign.
Stitchworks. Potions, tonics, herbs.
That was a cool name, Erin decided. She didn’t know how it applied to [Alchemy], but maybe alchemists made magical string? She’d have to ask.
The man next to her coughed, and Erin looked over and listened attentively. He was quite a nice guy once you got to know him, even if he was terrified of bugs and okay with hitting kids.
“I’m not much of a traveler, to tell the truth. And even merchants rarely go that far south. It’s not profitable, dealing with non-humans. I suppose ten years back we did more business, but that was before the Second Antinium War with the Necromancer and they opened their gates to those bugs.”
He shuddered. Fuzzylips—whose name was actually Wesle—had a deep hatred towards the Antinium shared by most humans. She made no comment, but smiled again as she looked at the [Alchemist]’s shop. Some horrible odor was wafting from the inside.
“Well, thanks for taking me here Fuzz—Wesle.”
He turned red again and furiously stroked his mustache.
“It was my pleasure, Miss Erin. And if you ever need help, I’m sure I’d be happy to help.”
Erin nodded and smiled again before she pushed open the door to the shop. She cautiously walked into the dark room, expecting a mad scientist’s laboratory.
