2.44
Page 4
“What? No. I’m an [Innkeeper] and I’m lost.”
He stared at her. He had a fuzzy mustache that wasn’t quite deserving of the name and brown hair. He looked cold in his armor. He was also giving Erin a look of deep skepticism. Erin blinked at him.
“What? I am. I got lost.”
“Liscor is over a hundred miles south of here. How did you travel this far without knowing that?”
“What? A hundred miles!?”
Erin clapped her hands to her head. How would she get back? She wasn’t going to walk that far! And she didn’t have Toren!
The guardsman stared at Erin as she groaned out loud. Then his eyes shifted to her makeshift bag with the clinking jars. They were clearly heavy as they strained against the fabric.
“What’s in the jars?”
“What, this? Honey and, uh, honey-related stuff.”
The fuzzy-lipped man frowned.
“I’ll have to inspect the jars. There’s a trade fee if you bring goods into the city.”
“Aw. Really?”
By this point, the other guardsman at the gate had taken over waving people in to the city. Erin was a sideshow attraction that people stared at as they went through. She sighed as the guardsman nodded.
Reluctantly, she reached into the satchel and carefully pulled out the jar of honey. Everyone looked around and stared at the golden substance. Fuzzylips’ jaw dropped.
“Is that—where did you get that?”
“Uh? From a bee hive? You know, bees?”
One of the armed guards following a caravan burst out laughing. Fuzzylips glared at her as she walked through the gates and then stared hard at Erin. But she just gave him a round-eyed look of innocence. He sighed, cheeks red.
“Are all these jars honey? There’s a tax on them—you’ll have to pay quite a few silvers.”
Erin’s face fell. She reached into the sack and slowly pulled out the jar of dead bees.
“Do these count?”
The guardsman had glanced sideways to flip off his chortling comrade at the gate. He looked back to see an Ashfire Bee the size of his face crushed against the walls of the glass jar.
He screamed and felt backwards, grabbing for his sword. The other guardsman recoiled, and then laughed harder when he saw the jar.
“How did you get those?”
“I caught them. Sort of.”
It was hard to explain if she didn’t mention Toren, and even harder if she did. In the end, Erin just gave up.
“Look, I’ve got bees. And honey! And I need a way to get back to Liscor. So…can I go in and buy a horse or something?”
Fuzzy-lips didn’t look like he was having a good day. He was breathing hard, and he’d told Erin to put the bee jar back in her satchel. He cleared his throat a few times.
“I suppose you could buy into a caravan or a horse. But a caravan’s slow and a decent horse would cost you at least thirty gold pieces. I doubt you’d make much headway with all this snow we’ve had in any case. Even with your…sleigh.”
Erin’s face fell. She scratched at her head. She had some money, but she really didn’t want a horse, mainly because she couldn’t ride one and she had no idea how to make one go. First things first.
“Okay. Um, can I go in the city now?”
“You’ll have to pay an import tax. Bring the jars over here, please.”
Fuzzylips led Erin over to a small stand located in the gatehouse. To her surprise, she saw they had a bunch of balance scales, crude measuring devices—they were going through a merchant’s wagon item by item, and another guardsman was tapping on parts of the wagon as if he was looking for hidden compartments.
