2.45
Page 9
“Hrm. Let me see. You come here, bringing these pestilent beings with you, bleed in my cave twice, inflict that foul potion upon my senses, extort me for more money than your services are worth, and then you demand my help after insinuating that Reinhart may order me about?”
Uh oh. When he puts it like that…yeah, maybe I should have reconsidered.
And to make matters worse, the faeries seem to have understood his reference to them. Some of them fly around Teriarch’s face, shouting shrilly.
 
“Pests! We aren’t the pests, you bag of scales, you!”
“We do not fear you, old fool!”
“Indeed! Just the other day we slaughtered a score of bees!”
 
“Begone.”
It’s only a word, but it sends the faeries flying away in a panic. Okay, local chain of authority established. I gulp, as Teriarch looks down at me.
“I know it’s presumptuous, but—”
“No.”
The word rocks me on my feet. But I hold my ground. Not for my own dignity; I think I did pee a bit there. But Erin—
“Fine. No favor. But I still need your help.”
“Indeed?”
Now he’s mad. Teriarch stands up for the first time and holy crap is he huge. He takes one step towards me and I flinch. His head lowers further until I can stare down his nostrils. They’re like the muzzle of a cannon.
“And what will stop me from erasing your small mind and sending you out of my cave to be torn apart, Human?”
Yeah, he’s mad. I gulp, but I’m out of saliva.
“I—I challenge you, Teriarch. I challenge you to a game of riddles.”
He blinks. Overhead, the faeries blink. I can practically see his brain working.
“What?”
This was a stupid idea. This was the kind of stupid idea I could only have while running through the snow at freezing temperature and high velocity. But it’s all I’ve got.
“You heard me. I said I challenge you. To a game. Of riddles. It’s customary, isn’t it?”
“It is?”
 
“It is!”
“The game! She challenges him to the old game!”
 
Overhead one of the faeries shouts jubilantly. Both Teriarch and I look up.
“Haven’t—haven’t you heard of that? Uh, riddles? You don’t—don’t do that?”
Teriarch looks miffed.
“Well, I suppose I have enjoyed a riddle or two. But are you implying some play this game as a way to win…favors?”
“Yes…?”
I really shouldn’t base all my ideas on The Hobbit. Teriarch just stares at me for a while. I try to explain.
“Uh, well, I thought it was considered a sacred game that not even the most horrific of monsters would dare to violate. You could—uh, use it to wager things like life, magic rings—it’s a contest—”
“I am familiar with how games work.”
I shut up. Teriarch stares at me, and then flicks his eyes to the faeries above. Then he sits back.
“Riddles? A game? How…intriguing.”
Oh, be still my beating heart. Seriously, be still. I think I might be as close to a heart attack as I’ve ever come. But then Teriarch looks at me, and I don’t need to worry about that heart attack. It’s already happened.
“But why would I want to waste my time playing a game I know I would win?”
Good question. Excellent one. Do I have an answer? I scramble.
“Well…because it’s a challenge.”
“So?”
He looks nonplussed. And then I get a bit annoyed. My mouth opens, and it takes charge instead of my fumbling brain.
“So? Are you a Dragon or a lizard that likes to hide under rocks? It’s a challenge, idiot. What part of that don’t you get?”
Teriarch gapes at me. The faeries gape at me. My mouth continues as it shoves my brain into the backseat.
