2.45
Page 11
Was I rhyming? Why did I say—it seemed so natural—
“They have an odd sense of drama.”
Teriarch glares at the faeries as countless icy pinpricks freeze my shirt to my back. But his tone is more conversational.
“They alter the sense of—well, I suppose you would call it your perception of reality. It gets quite tiresome after a while. Still, it is rare to see them do that.”
“Oh.”
My knees are weak. Teriarch blinks a few times at me. His anger is—gone. He’s just looking at me now.
“Curious. This has been an odd day.”
You’re telling me? I knew I was going to be facing down a dragon at some point, but this—
“Well, I have accepted your game one way or another, so let us begin.”
“What?”
Hold on, just like that? But Teriarch is moving. Is he…sitting? No; he can’t really do that, or if he could it would be really awkward. He lies back down like a cat, pointing his head at me.
“A game of riddles, is it? I still have doubts about your intellect. You clearly cannot be that intelligent if you believe you have a chance of succeeding.”
“And you don’t seem that intelligent since you keep claiming you’ll win without any evidence. Would you just shut up and ask me a question? Or I’ll go first and—”
My hand cuts off my incredibly suicidal mouth and muffles the rest. I can hear the faeries laughing and exclaiming on my back.
For a long minute Teriarch stares at me and I imagine what would happen if he breathed even a bit of the fire he hit the faeries with. Let’s see. Death would be instantaneous unless the flame wasn’t that hot, in which case my eyes would melt and I would die in painful agony as every part of my body literally caught fire or just evaporated—
“Fine. As you wish.”
The Dragon snorts and smoke makes me cough. He frowns at me and then rolls his huge eyes and stares at the sky.
“Then, here is a question half of you Humans get wrong. Answer me in ten seconds or I will erase your memory.”
Shit. I think I pissed him off.
Teriarch pauses. Wait a second, does he not have a riddle ready? His mouth moves as if he’s thinking to himself. Is he really—?
“I am that which grinds down mountains and fells even the greatest of structures. Kings cannot ignore me, and yet all things will eat of me until I devour them in t—”
“Time.”
The Dragon pauses. He fixes one eye on me.
“What?”
I’m shaking, but again, my mouth is moving faster than my brain. I’m all instinct right now, and I blurted the answer.
“The answer is time.”
First he doesn’t know about the riddle game, then he pulls one right out of The Hobbit? Holy crap, I’m glad I watched the movie this summer. But is that really a normal riddle? It’s so…easy.
Teriarch looks put out. He harrumphs, and the wind nearly makes me lose my balance.
“I see this riddle has been told to you before. Well; it is a simple one. Ask your riddle, then.”
 
“Ooh! Is she going to ask her riddle?”
“How exciting!”
“That last riddle was awful.”
 
Okay, ignore the peanut gallery that’s perching on my shoulders and head. Teriarch is glaring at them or me, I can’t tell which. I gulp. This is all moving very fast. But it’s time. He wants a riddle? I’ve got one for him. Albert Einstein, don’t fail me now.
“Ahem. Uh, in a village there are five houses. Each one is painted a different color, and in each one lives a different species. The five people who live in each house each eat a different kind of food, practice a different kind of magic, and own a different kind of pet.”
Silence on my shoulders. I am conscious of many little eyes staring at me, and two big ones. Teriarch clears his throat.
“Is this riddle going—?”
 
