2.45
Page 5
All he had to do was say a few words. Teriarch didn’t know what the spell would be called with the magic system Humans used. [Greater Geas] was probably close enough; he doubted the girl would ever meet a mage capable of casting the same.
The Dragon took a breath. He only had to say those words. Then he could ask her all the questions he wanted. She wouldn’t be able to throw off his magic if he used more force. He only had to do that.
But then the Dragon smelled the blood. It was such a faint odor at first, almost masked by the scent of the fae and snow and sweat and ice. And he was used to smelling blood from the things in the High Passes. But this blood was fresh, and close.
Teriarch stared at the girl. Blood was pooling around her feet, running in the warmth of his cave. It ran from her feet, but he couldn’t see any wounds on her body. He stared at her feet.
Two words. He only had to say them. But Teriarch hesitated, and that made all the difference. It was such a small thing. But it meant…
Everything.
 
—-
 
“Your feet.”
I stare at the old man, unable to move. I throw myself against the spell that holds me, trying to move any muscle in my body. Hell, I’d release my bowel control if it meant getting his attention. But the full-body paralyze spell freezes even those muscles.
I can’t let him send me away. I have to resist whatever he does. I have to resist. Don’t lose focus. Don’t give in. Don’t—
“What happened to your feet?”
I blink at him. I can move again. I stare down at my feet and see the blood.
“Oh.”
There’s a lot of it. It stains the perfect, lovely marble floor. I raise my foot and slowly stare at it.
Ruined. Flesh is torn. I stare at the bottom of my feet and try to remember what they’re supposed to look like. My feet always had calluses, and Mom used to say that they looked awful. But now—
“Hah.”
It’s not quite a laugh. I just stare at what used to be my soles and shrug. I look at Teriarch. The old man is staring at my feet. His haughty look is gone.
“It doesn’t matter.”
He looks at me, surprised. I just stare back. They really don’t matter. Not right now. But he shakes his head.
“Enough. [Mend].”
He points at my feet, and I feel a shock that goes through my core. It feels like something bright flashes through me. If bright could be a feeling—
Suddenly, the terrible numbness in my feet and my legs fades. I feel pain, and then not even that. I wiggle my toes, able to wiggle them after that feeling vanished.
Blink. Blink. My toes waggle in the blood around my feet. Teriarch speaks again, and then the blood begins to flow away.
I turn around and see the blood flowing away, back towards the cavern entrance. One of the faeries laughs and chases after it.
“There. Kindly do not track—kindly do not bleed in my domain again.”
This time, I look at Teriarch and realize how frozen and tired I’d been before. Now my mind feels like it’s racing at its peak. No—I feel better than I have in years. What magic was that?
No. Focus. Standing before me is a Dragon. Remember that.
But now that I’m in front of him, the old man seems far realer than my belief in Dragons. Just looking at him erodes my confidence in my memories. I remember them clearly but he looks—
He looks good, okay? Like, really good*.
*Like the kind of person we wish we could be. Like a model, something to strive for. Even if it’s an illusion, it’s art in its own way. He makes me remember my imperfections.
But I have to focus. Erin.
