2.45
Page 13
“The enchantment upon you is thus: you cannot tell either road apart, and yet one leads to safety, and the other danger. Once you have started down a road you cannot turn back. The two guardians will answer one question, but you may only ask it of one of them. And one will always tell truth and the other only falsehood. What question do you ask to take the safe route?”
Okay, riddles in this world officially suck. Or maybe it’s just the time. Or just the Dragon. Did he say that question stumped Humanity for a hundred years? Well, if these were the first riddles…
Teriarch grins at me, triumphant. The faeries are murmuring amongst themselves, clearly impressed.
“I will allow you some time to ponder your answer.”
“I don’t need it.”
He blinks.
“What? But—ah, then what would you ask one of the guardians whom you cannot tell apart?”
I shrug.
“I’d punch the one on the left and ask them if it hurt.”
More silence. Then I hear one of the faeries titter. They all start laughing and Teriarch glares at me.
“That is not a proper answer.”
“You want a proper one? Fine.”
I scowl.
“My question to the guardian would be this: ‘Which path would the other guardian point to that would lead me to safety?’ And then, I’d take the opposite road the guardian points to.”
“How did you know that?”
“Logic.”
And I already solved that puzzle back in middle school. It stumped me back then, but hey, no one needs to know that. Teriarch stares at me.
“Well, I see that you have some intelligence after all.”
“Good to know you aren’t blind. My turn.”
As the Dragon splutters, I think fast. Okay, Einstein doesn’t work? That’s okay, I’ve got…
I uh—
I—
I don’t have time to make up another riddle! And I don’t remember many! They were not my thing in school. I was only in that club for two months! I really thought Einstein would get him, but, hold on, what about the blue foreheads one?
Yeah.
I look at Teriarch.
“Pay attention. A hundred—no, ten thousand people are locked in a room. Each person has a color painted on their head, but there are no mirrors and no one is allowed to speak due to an enchantment. Every day, the door will open and anyone who has a blue-colored forehead will be allowed to leave.”
I pause. Teriarch is frowning and his lips are moving. The faeries are giving me a glassy-eyed look.
“The magic on these ten thousand people prevents them from leaving unless they are absolutely certain they have a blue forehead. In this room, there are 2,459 people with blue on their foreheads, 98 people with red on their forehead, 12 with white foreheads, 4,421 people with no paint on their heads at all, and finally 3,010 people with viridian-colored foreheads. Fifteen people have no noses, and one person suffers from bladder incontinence. At least one person has a blue forehead, and the people know this. On what day does the last person with blue on their forehead leave?”
Again, I just hear silence. But this time Teriarch looks intrigued. He turns his head and begins muttering. Meanwhile my heart is pounding. I jump as someone slaps me on the ear.
“What?”
The faerie glares at me.
 
“These aren’t proper riddles! What trickery is this?”
 
“They are riddles! They’re logical riddles!”
 
“They’re stupid!”
 
All the faeries begin chattering their agreement. I swat at them and then one bites me. I’m trying not to shout in agony when Teriarch looks back at me.
“All of the people with blue foreheads will leave on the two thousandth four hundred and fifty ninth day.”
Oh…
