2.45
Page 4
A faint wind blows. It pushes the girl, though she doesn’t feel it. It is not a wind that touches the skin. It makes her run across the ground, through the snow, and yet, somehow, her path is shorter than before. She runs the same distance the same way, and yet the wind makes her arrive a bit faster than she would have otherwise. That’s all.
The faeries fly after her, savoring the breeze. Then they fly up, and one speaks. She declaims to the world, to the others, her voice high and carrying.
 
“‘Tis so often we see on high that it is like rain.
The thing that kings dream of and heroes possess;
An end or beginning of such tales, which mortals call doom.
The birthright of tragedy; a speck of hope in despair.
As blades of grass are crushed ‘neath heedless foot
So too shall the skein of woven fate
Crumble and break
Upon this earth.
Yet for this one, the star shines brightest now,
At fire’s waning and the moment hammer strikes.
‘Twill spell her fate, the wretched child
Who would dice upon the table of worlds with Gods.
But quick, we fly on!
To bear witness for friendship burgeoning.
And let the oldest stories rise again.
Lo! We declare such immortal words.”
 
The other faeries looked at each other. One spoke.
 
“Lord, what fools these mortals be!”
 
They flew off after Ryoka. And in moments, hours, in due time, she reached the High Passes.
 
—-
 
“Teriarch!”
The girl screamed. The Dragon watched with magic, one eye cracked the tiniest fraction of the way open. His spells had woken him from his slumber, and now he stared at the girl running through the deathly path between the mountains.
Shouting.
He’d thought she was at least partly intelligent. Didn’t she know what shouting would bring? She wasn’t even using that foul potion this time. Already the wolves were following, and the goats had begun to descend. A few more steps and she would wake darker things with her noise.
He sighed. He didn’t feel like dealing with Humans today. Already he’d been pestered by Reinhart’s messages. He just wanted to sleep. But he had sent something with her, hadn’t he? Something important?
Oh yes, the letter. He’d thought about it for a while. Had it arrived? Teriarch thought of Perril Chandler. Yes, the mage was a nuisance, but the letter was the important thing. He had to know if it had arrived safely.
The Dragon grumbled, but the girl was stumbling. And there were those blasted fae with her as well. But it couldn’t be helped.
He stirred himself, spoke a word. A man appeared in the room; standing with an irritated expression on his face. Teriarch focused, and the man walked back a few paces. There. He looked normal, didn’t he? Teriarch had a thought and glanced at the cave wall.
Right. Shadow. He flicked his tail and his shadow vanished. That should do it.
He looked back at his image of the high passes. He couldn’t focus on the girl; her blasted name still didn’t work. But he could still see her from high overhead. He spoke another word. The girl in the magic spell vanished, and she was standing before him.
She stumbled; stared around in shock. The fae were already chattering to him in tinny voices that hurt his ears. Teriarch grumbled and spoke another word. The flitting immortals didn’t freeze, but the girl did. That was something.
Teriarch cleared his throat. Below him, the magical copy did the same. He saw the Human representation of himself raise his hand to cast the next spell.
