2.45
Page 1
At some point I think I decided the boots I was using were slowing me down too much. I threw away the coat and hat and everything else with it around the same time. I run through the snow. My feet burn with the cold; a terrible prickling pain trending towards numbness. Frostbite awaits, a dark little creature holding oblivion in one claw.
I don’t care. I run on, as fast as I can. I don’t even remember how long it’s been. I knew I had to get to Teriarch right away; but it will take at least a day of running straight out to get there.
Too slow. I might die before I reach him. So many things could happen. But I have to run as fast as I can.
If Erin is dead, then I really am lost.
How do I know she’s even in trouble? I can’t tell. She could have wandered off and simply not come back.
She could be dead.
It could be a thousand and one things or none of them. But as I was thinking, the terror of it came over me. When did I—? I’ve never been this afraid. Not of anything. But the thought of losing someone else makes me run even faster than I do now.
Running alone through the snow, blurring past people on the road who stare at me in surprise. Running, running.
But they follow me even so. So I guess I’m not alone.
 
“Is she trying to run fast?”
“I think she is! But she is so slow, isn’t she sisters?”
“Yes, so slow! Slow like dripping sap and ice melt.”
 
I grit my teeth. But they’re with me, as always. I look left and see a faerie lazily flying by my side. She laughs at me.
 
“Huffing and puffing away. Do you think it will help?”
 
“Where. Is. Erin?”
The faerie stares at me. I stare back. For once, this is a contest I can’t win. After a few seconds I stare back at the road, just in time to dodge past a large stone.
 
“Human. Have ye not heard us the last hundred times we’ve said it? We do not interfere in mortal affairs.”
 
“Liar.”
The faerie flips over and stares at me.
 
“Mm. True. But we do not break our oaths that easily.”
 
“You broke them once for me and Mrsha. Just tell me if Erin’s okay.”
 
“And why would we do that?”
 
Don’t snap at them. Don’t yell. I breathe in and taste the blood as the cold air rushes into my lungs.
“Don’t you care? She made you food. She likes you.”
 
“She is still mortal. She is one among countless many. Why does she matter more?”
 
“She matters to me.”
 
“So?”
 
It’s too much. I stop in the snow, slowing down and trying not to tumble as I start to skid. I stare at my feet in the snow and only notice now that I’ve left a trail. I lift one foot and see pink, red flesh. Blood begins to drip out of the white-red gashes on my feet, but slowly. The cold makes even losing blood hard.
 
“Ooh, she bleeds!”
 
Some of the faeries flying around me fly closer. I wave them away, but they just fly around my leg, pulling faces at me. I stare at them.
“Help me. If you won’t help me find Erin, help me reach my destination quicker. I know you can.”
I still remember the rushing air around me, the coldness in my bones, and the feeling—of flying. The night I ran through the Goblin Army to safety with the faeries—how far did I go? Each step felt like I was running into forever. The world felt still around me and I felt like I understood running like I never had before.
I need the same thing now. Erin could be injured, betrayed by her damn skeleton. Or maybe it failed her and a monster got her. Or if she crashed the sledge—
 
