2.45
Page 14
I do sit down, then. Teriarch watches me slowly fold up onto the ground with a smug look. He looks almost like a grinning cat; like Garfield. But I’m just filled with despair. He doesn’t even seem to notice. His tail twitches, knocking over something that shatters as he speaks out loud.
“My turn I suppose. Hrmf. Well, what shall I ask? All of the truly difficult riddles are unpronounceable in your tongue. You wouldn’t happen to speak the language of magic, would you?”
“…No.”
He ponders as I stare at my hands. What was I thinking?
“Ah. Well, here is a simple question, Human. I have…five thousand eight hundred and eleven pears in my possession. I ah, I need to pay for them, but each pear is worth eight silver coins. How much are—”
“Forty six thousand four hundred and eighty eight silver coins.”
I know they’re staring at me, but I don’t care. Okay, so I answer that question, but what can I ask that he can’t answer? Think. I don’t have that many riddles, and he seems to know all the old ones. An unfair one? The Mad Hatter’s—but no, he’ll ask for the answer!
I need a question even someone as smart as he is can’t answer. A question that defies logic or—or—
What about…it’s my last shot.
Teriarch is staring at me. I look up, and realize I actually missed his question.
“What?”
“How did you know the answer to that? That was no riddle.”
“It was just math.”
 
“Aha!”
 
One of the faeries on my shoulders flies up. She glares at both of us.
 
“This is no fair game! Ye two are both cheating! We demand another game! We want—”
 
Teriarch breathes out. It’s the equivalent of me blowing gently, but it nearly blows me backwards and it sends the faeries flying off me. He shakes his head.
“Enough of that. Now, ask me another riddle. And make it a good one!”
He seems happy. But my heart is sunken into my chest. Time to cheat. This is all I’ve got.
“Fine.”
I look at him. Why does he have to be powerful and smart? It’s almost unfair. But a part of me has to admire him. He solved Einstein’s riddle in a heartbeat, and the blue foreheads puzzle nearly as quickly. He’s—
He’s not like what I expected. And maybe he thinks that of me, because Teriarch is waiting for my question. Too bad I have to win.
“Here is my riddle. This statement is false. Was what I said just now correct or incorrect?”
The Dragon eyes me. I wait for him to declare me a cheater, and I hear someone shouting indignantly from the other end of the cave. And then—he laughs.
“Hah! That old paradox? That’s easy. The answer is—”
My ears ring when he says the next word. I clap my ears to them. Teriarch blinks at me.
“Ah. I forgot Humans can’t understand that language. My apologies.”
“What was that?”
He smiles at me. A Dragon’s smile.
“The answer to your question. That which is made false by being true unto infinity. The Elves came up with the word; it stumped all of them back in the day.”
Of course. I close my eyes. It’s not the earth that falls out from under me; no, this is different. I just feel tired. Tired and frustrated and helpless.
It’s over.
Above me the Dragon is eagerly speaking, faster than before, his deep thundering voice now replaced by a conversational tone.
“Well, I suppose that makes it my turn. How intriguing. I…hmm. What was that old riddle about sand? Ah, I think I have it—”
“It doesn’t matter.”
“Excuse me?”
I sit back. Teriarch’s face looks puzzled in my blurred vision. I raise my voice, trying not to choke.
“I give up. I lose.”
 
“What!?”
“This is wrong! WRONG!”
“Where are the riddles! The games of cunning and skill?”
“This should not be! Did we—”
 
“Out of my cave!”
 
