2.45
Page 8
Teriarch lowers his massive head and suddenly he’s only twenty feet away from me. Twenty feet, but his head—I’m fixed in place, like a mouse staring at a cat. Or a mouse staring at a jumbo jet that smells like brimstone. When his mouth opens I can smell fire.
“So. You have uncovered my true form. I suppose I should congratulate you. But know this: your error was not in bringing this secret to your grave. Whatever paltry treasure you have imagined obtaining, know that I will not part with a single fraction of my wealth. If you are wise, you will—”
“I don’t want any treasure.”
He pauses. The sight of a puzzled Dragon is something I’ll take to my grave.
“What?”
“I don’t want any treasure. I’m not here to try and extort something out of you. I don’t have any desire to tell anyone that you’re a Dragon.”
Pause. The huge eyes sweep over me like spotlights.
“Oh.”
Blink. Even that’s scary on a face as huge and terrifying as his.
“Then why are you here?”
Stay calm. Be cool. He might be a Dragon, but he’s still Hu—he’s only mort—he’s uh, he probably has the same emotional wavelength as I do. He’s acted like that so far, anyways.
I clear my throat nervously.
“I…need help.”
“What?”
One eye stares at me. My mouth is dry as the Sahara in a heat wave, but I speak anyways.
“My friend is missing. I need you to help me find her. I need your magic. I ask—humbly—for your aid.”
Stare. The Dragon’s just staring at me. I mean, Teriarch’s just staring at me. Is this a lizard thing? My back is already sweaty, but then he turns his gaze away. Teriarch stares at the ceiling and starts talking to himself.
“First Reinhart, and now a random Courier. Do I look like I enjoy entertaining such…?”
It’s a mumble, but coming from a Dragon, it’s quite audible. Teriarch seems to realize this, because he shuts up and fixes me with another glare.
He looks…grumpy. The massive Dragon exhales a plume of smoke as he stares at me.
“Why should I use my vast powers for you?”
Okay. Time for reasoned arguments. That I didn’t prepare. With a Dragon.
I gulp.
“Magnolia Reinhart knows my friend. If Erin Solstice dies, she will be upset.”
I can only tell the truth. Or maybe he can sense it? Did he cast that spell on me this time? But it’s sort of true, right? Erin did mention that. It’s not a lie, not a lie, not a lie…
Teriarch eyes me.
“So? Humans are always upset.”
Is that a bluff? Call it.
“Oh really?”
I try to smile at Teriarch, but my lips barely work. I feel like I made a really stupid face, but I press on.
“That’s an interesting perspective. Would you like to talk to Magnolia Reinhart and explain how you knew Erin was about to die and you let her? I’m sure she’d love to hear that.”
He twitches. I’m on the mark, or close to it.
“Reinhart doesn’t have the power to order me about.”
Now he really does sound like he’s grumpy! I take a deep breath. Flatter. Dragons. Pride. All that.
“I don’t mean to offend you. It’s just that I really care about my friend, and I know she’s important to…Magnolia Reinhart. I need your help. I’ll do anything for it.”
“Huh. What would I need from you?”
Teriarch draws back and stares over my head. He looks at something on the ceiling. I look up too.
Oh shit. The Frost Faeries are flying around the ceiling, laughing and then shrieking as Teriarch stares at them. They don’t look intimidated at all, but the Dragon looks pissed.
