2.45
Page 10
“Are you really as stupid as you look? A challenge isn’t meant to give you something. It’s an attack on your authority! If you think it’s so easy to beat me, why not prove it rather than act like a coward and stall? Bring it!”
I’m pointing at Teriarch. His eyes fix on my finger. Above me I hear cheering. I see massive teeth draw back into a snarl, and then I hear the voices, at the edge of my hearing.
 
“She dares! She dares!”
“Let havoc cry and slip loose dogs!”
“‘Tis the moment! It is upon us!”
 
I hear something, or…feel something from overhead? Even Teriarch looks up.
“What are—?”
Then something hits me, and I feel…different. But I can’t wonder what I’ve done. Something about faeries? But Teriarch is staring back at me, full of rage.
I meet the Dragon’s eyes, and bow my head. I need to say this right. I’ve only one shot.
 
“Know now I only seek to make things right!
Oh temper’d Dragon take heed of my request.
Put back your ire as in my hour of plight,
I do beseech thee at one other’s behest.”
 
Wait, what did I just say?
 
—-
 
Oh fair readers let us set the stage and bring you sighs and words unseen. For this cavern where Dragon waits and Human does set the fates, the faeries dance and laugh and dream above. Nothing but such words and plots will inflame few thoughts.
And so they gather closely and listen well; is this Ryoka’s triumph or her death knell?
The Dragon laughs and breathes brimstone’s glare. Sure to sizzle the Human fair. He mocks and talks; she stands firm. Determined to trick this ancient wyrm.
 
“Your riddle game insults my name. 
I am Teriarch; by what dare you to my time lay claim?”
 
“I dare for friendship and pride and all these things; 
I challenge you to an ancient game played for things like magic rings. 
It’s fun and daring; a game of skill. 
Unless you fear you lack the will?”
 
The Dragon blinks and the faeries cheer. It has been too long since they have seen a mortal without fear.
 
“Hm. Well I suppose I could indulge your request
—understand it is not at your bequest. 
But any game must wager meet. 
If I would win, what will I keep? 
You have nothing to offer—you there in bare feet.”
 
She speaks before him brash and bold; she does not fear to not grow old.
 
“I offer my life to serve until I am old and lame.”
 
“A spell will do the same.”
 
“My soul?”
 
“What need have I for souls, I, a Dragon, the lord of flame?”
 
She thinks then, and ponders long, knowing her next answer must not be wrong.
 
“Then I offer what you do not know, the secret of my name; 
the one thing I offer that you have to gain.”
 
A moment’s pause and the faeries wait. To see what will be decided of this amusing Human’s fate.
 
Then the maw opens and a deep voice speaks. The words of one neither small nor meek.
 
“Very well I accept your bet. But beware—would you lot stop that?”
 
—-
 
I see Teriarch raise his head up towards the ceiling, and my body throws me to the floor a second before he spits fire. I hear screams and then the faeries are flying around in a panic. Are they dead? No—just on fire. Literally.
The Dragon harrumphs as the smoke and water cascade from the ceiling around me. I get up, shaking a bit as the faeries hide in a corner of the cavern behind some valuable-looking objects, shouting insults.
 
“Oafen clod!”
“Foul breath! Stupid snake-with-legs!”
“Fat old one!”
 
“Pests!”
Teriarch bellows and the faeries scatter again. He snorts and glares at them as they decide to hide behind me.
I stagger. And put a hand to my head. And hold my stomach so I don’t vomit. What happened?
“What the hell—”
