2.45
Page 12
“The Drake lives in a magenta house.
The half-Elf keeps Shield Spiders as pets.
The Human practices Cryomancy.
The purple house is next to, and on the left of the puce house.
The owner of the purple house uses Necromancy.
The person who eats souls rears Griffins.
The owner of the fulvous house eats bees.
The person living in the center house practices Chronomancy.
The Antinium lives in the first house.
The person who eats grass lives next to the one who keeps Carn Wolves.
The house owner who raises talking mushrooms lives next to the being who eats bees.
The being who eats pancakes studies Pyromancy.
The Gnoll eats bagels.
The Antinium lives next to the ebony house.
The grass-eater lives next to the one who casts Aeromancy.
The question is this: Who owns the Crypt Worm?”
 
And when I’ve finished my desperate riff on an unfair classic question, only now do I realize how stupid it sounds. This isn’t a fair riddle. He just asked me one about time, for goodness sake! Why did I think—?
I’m—I’m going to die now.
I look over to my right. The faeries are—all of them—giving me the fish-eye. I can hear them whispering.
 
“Is that a Human riddle?”
“I don’t get it.”
“What Crypt Worm? She never mentioned one!”
“What’s fulvous?”
 
I chance a peek at Teriarch. It might be the last thing I ever see, after all. He’s just staring at me. Is he considering how to bake me alive? Or is he actually thinking of the answer? No; he can’t. It’s not that simple. He’d have to have a pencil and paper. Hell, it took me ages when I figured—
“Hmm. The…Gnoll. Yes, the Gnoll.”
I feel my heart stop in my chest. Yes, for one second, my heart literally stops beating. The shock that hits me is like a real thing. How—
Teriarch grins at me. His teeth are like my tombstones.
“That was quite an intriguing question. Was it your best?”
The faeries’ tiny little mouths fall open as one. Me? I’m starting to panic.
Oh no. He’s smart. Not just smart; he’s a genius. He has to be. Teriarch raises a claw; now his eyes seem brighter, and he seems more animated.
“Well, it appears we have both answered one question correctly. And you seem to know some interesting riddles I have not heard of. Now, what should my next one be? Hmm. Hmm…naturally I know quite a lot of riddles, but if you know the answers, I should ask…let me see…”
And: shit. He’s competitive as well.
I take a few breaths as Teriarch mumbles to himself like a jet engine preparing to take off. Calm down.
Pep talk. I need a pep talk. Okay, I imagine my brain is giving me advice, because I need it.
Breathe slowly. Focus. You didn’t expect him to get that, but you’ve got more questions you can toss at him. All you have to do is concentrate. You have one advantage Ryoka. And that’s that while this world might have incredible magic, ancient Dragons, and people who can attain power beyond mortal limits—their riddles are still crap.
“Hmm. I have it!”
All my nerves are on fire at the sound of Teriarch’s voice. He raises his head and stares at me triumphantly.
“Human, here is a riddle that stumped your kind for over a century when your people were young. You stand at a crossroads on your journeys, but before you lie two guardians, one for each road.”
What? No. He’s not going to ask—really? I hold my breath as Teriarch goes on.
