2.45
Page 2
Erin lies on the ground. The blood from her head stains the snow. She’s looking around, calling out for her skeleton. I hear a growl, and then a Carn Wolf pads over to her. It sniffs at her and then bites, engulfing her head in its huge mouth. Muffled as it is, I hear a scream—
 
I shudder. My dreams were like this last night. I keep seeing—
I have to run faster. I look at the faeries. They’re hovering around me, giving me skeptical and incredulous looks. One of them floats nearer to my face.
 
“You beg a favor with naught to offer? Nay, you beg to alter destiny? Have you no shame?”
 
“Not anymore.”
I meet her eyes squarely. The faerie shakes her head at me.
 
“Nothing is free. We are not gods! This fate you fear is your duty to change, mortal.”
 
“My name is Ryoka Griffin.”
She gives me an old look.
 
“Dust.”
 
“She fed you. She built her inn out of copper to please you! She’s the only damn person in this world worth saving! Don’t you care!?”
I scream at them. The faeries hover in the cold air, and I feel it grow colder. My feet don’t really feel like anything anymore. But I don’t look away from them.
This time, the high-pitched voice is gone. The voice that comes out of the glittering diamond of a body is lower, and it echoes. Something else is speaking. Or perhaps it’s the true form of the faerie that even Erin and I can’t see.
 
“We care. Watch your tongue, mortal. We care. We care like pouring rain and a new shoot’s blossom. We care for fires’ burn and for scurrying things caught by flood and fang. We care for the fading earth and the sigh of a dying breeze. We care.”
“So stop asking!”
 
A snowball hits me in the face. This one has shards which cut and burn. I wipe away the snow and feel myself bleeding. Around me, the fey are hovering. Watching.
“I know there are rules. I know destiny exacts casualty for every action. But if that is the nature of this world, why not cheat? Why not—break the rules and act without consequence? I bet you can.”
Scornful looks. One of the faeries flies closer. I think I know her. I think I’ve been talking to her most of the time. She looks like the others, but—
She taps me on the nose and everything freezes for a second. I stumble backwards and clap my hands to my face. She shakes her head.
 
“You really know nothing, do you? Did ye ever think that even we have enemies? Did you not think that the rules exist for a reason? You could not even dream of those who would call the fair folk their enemy.”
 
“So what?”
The faerie blinks at me. I swing at her and she lazily flips over my hand. She doesn’t look offended. I breathe heavily out of my mouth; my nose feels numb.
“What’s the point of rules if you can’t do anything? If—if your version of morality doesn’t consider Humans important, it’s broken. If that’s what you believe, you can all go to hell.”
I raise my middle finger and flip all the faeries off. They stare at me.
“It matters. Now matters. If we’re so insignificant and you can’t do anything, why are you following me?”
The faeries exchange a glance. And then four more fly down with the first faerie. They speak right on top of each other.
 
“Because we are bored.”
“Because you defy the fates.”
“Because of a grain of sand.”
“Because you would challenge Gods.”
“Because we can.”
 
I look at them.
“Then help. You can’t just watch. There’s a cost, even for the audience.”
One of the faeries blinks. The others scratch at their heads.
 
“There is?”
 
My heart beats again. I hear it, but my mind is racing. I grasp for straws.
