2.46
Page 9
“The art of magical teaching has been lost to many. I suspect formalized schools of education such as those in Wistram and those nations that have lasted longer than a few centuries – Terandria for example – might have comparable methods. But this book was a crystallization of the Rihal Imperium’s knowledge of six hundred years. This is merely a book the apprentices and novices would study, of course.”
I’m only half-listening to him. It was magical. It was magic. And that was one spell. I’d almost given up on ever learning magic like Ceria since it seemed to be so dependent on levels, but that—that was like learning science, or math. It was logical. It made sense in its own way.
“You learnt that spell fairly quickly. Some students take numerous tries before they can begin learning even the most simple of cantrips. But then, fire has always come easily to your kind, hasn’t it?”
An instructional spellbook. Not some mage’s personal notes or collection of spells, but a primer to spellcasting*.
*I want it. Can I take it and give the Gnolls something else? Or can I copy it with my iPhone—damn, that’s not going to work. I’ve got to read this first. I’ve got to have it. Somehow.
“Well. I’d say that spellbook would be an excellent gift for the Silverfang tribe. Why not giv—”
“I have told you once and now again: no.”
I grit my teeth. I need that book.
“Would you accept a trade? Knowledge for knowledge? Or something else?”
“You have nothing to offer me.”
The book floats back towards the bookshelf as Teriarch smiles again. He just wanted to show off his collection. But I’ve got—I reach into my pocket, reluctantly. Time to play a card.
“Would you accept this?”
Teriarch blinks at my iPhone.
“What is that? A piece of metal? No—there is some energy within it.”
I hit the power button on my iPhone and the screen lights up. Rather than recoil in surprise or gasp like I was hoping him to, Teriarch just stares at the iPhone and listens to my explanation.
“Ah. An information device. I have seen magical versions of this. They were always too small for me when the Gnomes made them, though.”
“Well, it’s a one-of-a-kind—it’s damn rare since only people from my world have it.”
“Hmm. But it has no magic in it.”
“Yeah. So? It’s still rarer than your spellbook.”
“Hmf. Metal wrought. That is all your little thing is.”
How can a Dragon be so intelligent and so dismissive all at once? It’s the arrogance thing again. I keep my voice level.
“It can do more than just light up. It plays music.”
When I hit the ‘shuffle’ button on my iPhone and it begins playing music, Teriarch’s eyes open wide. Not because of the ability to play music, as it transpires.
“I have never heard that song before.”
My iPhone is playing ‘Beethoven’s 5 Secrets’, a song I found on a Youtube channel I became addicted to a few years back. It’s a remastered version containing elements of four movements from Beethoven’s 5th Symphony. Not to go on too much, but it’s a complex melody using instruments in ways even a Dragon wouldn’t have heard before.
I grin. Music is one of the few things my world will never lose at. Genius is genius no matter where it goes. I wonder what the faeries would think of this song.
“Do you have more songs on this device?”
“Thousands.”
“I see. Then it is useful. I believe I shall study it.”
“Wait. What?”
Before I can react, Teriarch reaches out. His claw is insanely quick for something so big. It takes a chunk out of my iPhone. I shout in shock as the screen goes dark and the music cuts off abruptly.
“You bastard! Why the hell did you—”
