2.46
Page 3
“I have heard that claim from countless lips. Each time it always ends with me raining fire and destruction upon the armies that come to slay me.”
He fixes me with a stare any basilisk would be proud of.
“Why should I trust your word now?”
“Besides—I did figure out who you were before this. If I wanted to expose your secret I would have already told someone. And how do you know I haven’t left messages to myself in case you erase my memory?”
Note to self: do that next time. At least Klbkch knows.
But Teriarch doesn’t seem impressed.
“In that case, I will simply have to control you with a spell and have you erase all of your records and kill all those you have told before you slit your own throat. How does that sound?”
I fold my arms.
“Won’t work. Even if you could get me to erase all of my contingency plans, the faeries would just tell me again.”
The Dragon pauses. He looks towards his cave entrance, almost uncertainly.
“They wouldn’t do that. They don’t choose sides.”
“But they are annoying.”
And I’d just bet they’d love to do that – if it occurred to their tiny little minds to do it. But the argument seems to work. Teriarch frowns.
“I can simply cast a spell on you to force you never to divulge my secrets. Or to cease speaking altogether. Which I am considering at this moment.”
Aha. Don’t push the Dragon too hard, Ryoka.
Shut up, Ryoka. I just shrug at him.
“You can do that. But that strikes me as an exceptionally crude and simple solution for a Dragon.”
He pauses.
“How so?”
“Well, aren’t you a Dragon? A famed creature of legend and myth with intelligence and wisdom far beyond that of even the greatest of mortals?”
“Mm. True.”
Teriarch smiles. Let’s see. Dragons are conceited, prideful, and not a little bit susceptible to flattery. I go on.
“Why wouldn’t you want everyone to know of your nature? I’ve heard Dragons once advised philosopher-kings of old. Why not spread word of your identity far and wide?”
He scowls.
“That tends to lead to noisy adventurers with swords tromping around my cave. And armies, eventually. I think not.”
“Well, what about a few people? Lady Magnolia clearly knows about you. Isn’t it beneficial to have a few beings to talk to—people who can help you out?”
“Perhaps…but I am seldom in need of assistance.”
“I just delivered a letter for you.”
“Slowly, and at great cost. You had to come back for directions.”
Teriarch harrumphs and the wind makes my hair ruffle. Smelling his breath is like sticking my head into a train engine and inhaling.
“If it were addressed to any other person, I would have no issue in using magic to facilitate any communication I needed. Moreover, I can fly.”
He spreads his wings, and I eye the thick membrane connecting the wings. Interesting. They’re definitely proportional to his body mass, but there must be some magic to them or else he’s never getting off the ground with just his muscular strength. I shrug and glance towards the image of Erin and Octavia again.
What are they doing now? Erin’s tossing stuff in a…pot? Yes, she’s got a pot over a stove and she’s pouring a potion into it, and a bunch of carrots. Octavia looks like she’s swallowed her thumb. What are they doing?
Focus on the annoyed Dragon.
“Uh, right. Well, even if that’s the case, what if you have to send another letter to Az’kerash? And my abilities aren’t just limited to running. I did know several riddles which intrigued you.”
He grunts and shifts his position awkwardly on the stone floor.
“You are hardly a font of endless knowledge. Or are you implying you know all the secrets of your world?”
