2.46
Page 6
“Of course. We Dragons are quite capable of such feats. Compared to flying and breathing flame while casting a spell, this is trivial.”
He smiles, and suddenly it seems like Teriarch is…tired. I look up at him and feel as if he’s suddenly ancient. Or acting ancient, rather.
“I will send you to your friend. With memory intact.”
“Really?”
I can’t believe it. I wouldn’t have changed my mind with my weak arguments. But Teriarch just nods. He looks so old, now. Was it something I said?
“I will send you back. Do not move, and the process will be smooth. I will be certain of the altitude this time.”
He smiles. And something about him makes me a bit annoyed. First he’s intimidating, and then he’s tired. I want—I have the urge to say something. Here I am in the center of a cave full of treasures.
I turn around and stare at the thousands of things on display. A literal Dragon’s hoard. And the Dragon himself, muttering in his deep voice high above me. I can’t let it end like this. I should do something. I—
Inspiration, crazy, Erin-level inspiration hits me. I look back at Teriarch.
“Ahem. Before I go, can I uh, interest you in an offer?”
He cracks one eye open and frowns at me.
“I am concentrating. Teleportation spells are not easy even for me. What offer?”
How would Erin pitch this? I try my best.
“Would you…consider donating one of your magical items to the uh, GRF?”
“The GRF?”
“The Gnollish Relief Fund.”
That sounds so stupid. It’s perfect. Exactly the kind of thing Erin would say! Teriarch just gives me a blank look.
“Let me explain. I uh, happen to be trying to help out a Gnoll tribe.”
I try to explain as best I can the mess that Erin and I got ourselves into. Krshia’s tribe, the Silverfang tribe, and how they lost all their spellbooks they were trying to bring to their all-important Gnoll summit. Teriarch nods as I finish.
“I am aware of Gnollish traditions. That is a fine one; of course, they used to meet only once every hundred years, and then every fifty years. Then it was twenty years, but I suppose the tribes need to stay connected in this day and age.”
He sniffs; he doesn’t like to alter tradition, I guess.
“But what does this have to do with me?”
“Well…you have a lot of magical items. Would you consider giving one to the Silverfang tribe? A spellbook, for instance?”
He just stares at me. Yup. Definitely an Erin idea. But she could pitch it in a plausible way. Me—
“Why would I even consider something so…ridiculous? Why would I ever give up my possessions for free?”
“Ah, but it wouldn’t be free.”
“Go on.”
Yeah, go on, Ryoka. Tell him why it’s not free*.
*Shut up, me.
“Well, just consider the benefits. You would have a Gnoll tribe in your debt. It would be very clear that it’s you – the great [Archmage] Teriarch – they owe their great gift to.”
“A single Gnoll tribe could do little for me.”
“Yes…but your name would be venerated among their tribe. You would have a little bit of immortality among them. A bit more, should I say? You would be a patron of their tribe.”
“Hmm. Intriguing.”
Teriarch seems pleased by the idea of being honored. Then he frowns.
“Why a spellbook, though? I had no notion that the Gnolls were interested in magic as mages practice it. Their shamans use tribal magic quite well.”
“Well…I think it’s an experiment.”
Another frown.
“An experiment?”
When I explain the longstanding grudge the Gnolls have over learning magic at Wistram, Teriarch really looks confused.
