2.46
Page 13
“They travel between worlds, and so they have different perceptions. In some places, or so I am told, the will of the world and fate can conspire against interference and punish those who would dare such folly. In the same way, Gods guard their demesnes jealously. Even the fae would not tempt the wrath of such beings lightly. Hence, their rules are kept and enforced among their kind.”
Oh. That makes a ton of sense. I try to give Teriarch my most engaged-student look. I’m bad at it. I never paid a lot of attention in class if I knew the material, but if Teriarch were my lecturer, I’d go to every class.
“Their superstitions and internal laws are meant to protect, but sometimes become redundant. In this world, for instance. The Gods are dead. They have more authority here, hence their control over the weather. But I suspect the fae dislike attachments and debt in any case, which is why they would refuse to help. Too, they love tradition, and would demand a gift for any great aid freely given.”
Gift? Was that my fingers? Or—no, that was an exchange. But could I get them a gift? An iPhone?
“But that is enough of faeries. Stay away from them, or not, but take my gift to the Gnolls. Tell them it is…for their future.”
I look back at Teriarch. Suddenly he looks tired again. He touches the teleportation circle at my feet and the symbols glow bright.
“I wish you the best of luck Ryoka Griffin, for the riddles as well as your device. It has been long since I have found this much enjoyment in mortal contact.”
Oh. It’s really over. I look up into those two magnificent eyes and feel a pang in my heart.
“Do I really have to go? So soon?”
“I am afraid so. I do not entertain mortal visitors for long. And this is too dangerous a place for casual visits in any case.”
I blink. Teriarch smiles at me. He’s right, of course, but even then, I disagree. I’d risk any peril to come back just to look at him. But can I return? Do I have permission to return? Did I have only this one chance?
“Do you think you’ll need a Runner in the future? For another delivery, perhaps?”
He laughs softly; the breeze ruffles my hair as he stares around his cavern, vast for me but barely adequate for him.
“I do not receive letters as you Humans do. If Reinhart has business with me, she will use mage spells. No; I am done with you. Rejoice, Ryoka Griffin. You have seen a Dragon and lived.”
He smiles at me, exposing rows of teeth that make me wonder what could ever challenge his kind. Not armies, not tanks—hell, a Tyrannosaurus Rex would roll over at the sight of those jaws. But he still looks far kinder than the mage I first met.
“Go. And tell no one of what you have seen. Hmm. Perhaps you will. But I would like to believe…yes, I would like to believe you can be trusted.”
“I swore I would not tell. You are only a…mage I met, once. I keep my promises, Teriarch.”
“Perhaps you do.”
He bows his head. And then he speaks a few last words as the light begins to shimmer around my feet.
“Huma—Ryoka. Even if it was mere flattery, I was glad to hear that your people still tell tales of my kind.”
I look him in the eye. Magic swirls around me. Do I have to go? I felt safe here. Safe and—
“I meant every word.”
One last smile. I have seen a Dragon smile.
“Farewell, Ryoka Griffin. We will not meet again.”
No. But before I open my mouth, I’m gone. The last thing I see is Teriarch’s smile. And then—
 
—-
 
