2.46
Page 10
Teriarch ignores me. He taps the iPhone in my hands with his claw. Instantly, it’s whole once more. Then the Dragon coughs.
“Ahem. [Repair].”
There it is again. I’m damn sure now that he doesn’t need to even say the spells out loud to use them. Does that mean it’s not necessary or that Dragon magic works differently from every other species’ magic?
Right now I’m still shocked. I touch my iPhone, and it powers up smoothly. Hell, it’s still on the same song! But I realize Teriarch is still holding the piece he tore away. He tosses it up in the air and speaks another word.
“[Reconstruct].”
The piece of torn silicone and metal flies up into the air, and an iPhone falls down. Teriarch pauses it in the air right in front of me, and I stare at a second fully-functional iPhone 4 hovering in the air.
“My, that took quite a bit more energy than I expected. But as you can see, an object not made of magic can be easily replicated. So it is not so valuable as you think.”
The iPhone floats up and Teriarch inspects it.
“I shall have to use a Human form to investigate this. Ah, well, it may be worth the effort.”
“Give that back!”
I shout at the Dragon, and for the first time jump up and try to snatch it from his claw. He moves out of the way, eying me curiously.
“Stop shouting, young Griffin. You have your device fully intact, do you not? I will take this copy.”
“You can’t do that! That’s theft! It’s not legal!”
“Why not? It cost you neither time nor your possession. I simply copied it.”
“What—you—”
He speaks over my splutters.
“Besides, there is no law here against such things. I am in the right regardless.”
Calm down, Ryoka. Ignore the desire to punch the D—
I kick Teriarch in the leg instead. Pivot, balance on one leg, side kick. I feel like I’ve just hit a wall. The Dragon frowns at me.
“Stop that.”
I glare up at him. Okay, violence isn’t going to work here. Instead, I go for a rationed response.
“You can’t just take my iPhone and not give me something in return. That would be theft.”
“As I have just said, I stole nothing. You have what you came in with.”
“But you stole information! Ideas! Data! Intellectual property! Theft is still theft even if you use magic to restore what was taken. Or are Dragons above the morality of we inferior beings?”
He frowns at me. But I can see I’ve struck a nerve. He glances sideways, and then his tone grows smoother.
“This little thing doesn’t have that much data on it. Surely—”
“It’s got 32 gigabytes of data on it! You could store over a hundred thousand books* on it!”
*Am I right? If you assume each book is…screw it, I’m right!
Teriarch blinks at me. Then he stares at my iPhone.
“So many? But the Gnomes could only get—ahem.”
He coughs.
“Well, I admit this device is interesting. So perhaps I will pay you a few hundred coins for it. How does that sound.”
I stare at him.
“Give me that book and we’ll call the debt even.”
“What? But that is a Rihal—”
“You copied my iPhone. You took  my possession first, so if you want to keep it, you’ll give me the tome.”
Maybe it’s my tone of voice, but Teriarch gets mad. He looms over me, growling. His hot breath is like a blast furnace on my face.
“It was my magic that recreated it, girl. Do not try to negotiate—”
“Are you a thief, ‘oh great Dragon’? Or are you a bully and a thug who steals from people who can’t resist?”
“I never said—”
“Can it!”
I’m shaking. I point at the tome.
