2.46
Page 11
“Give me that. Give me that and I’ll make sure the Silverfang tribe honors your name, and you can have an iPhone worth more than half of your crumbling books put together. But refuse and I’m walking out of here with two iPhones.”
“I do not suffer threats or extortion, brat. I could erase your memories, you know. Or blast you into ash.”
Teriarch opens his mouth and I see a hot glow from below. I try not to gulp as I meet his eyes.
“You could. But you and I would both know that you were a thief. Forever.”
For two long minutes he and I lock eyes. I feel sweat running down my back and some stings my eyes, but I don’t dare blink. Then he looks away.
“Hah.”
He chuckles. All at once, the intensity of our confrontation fades away. I watch as the Dragon starts chuckling, and then laughs; a full-bodied sound that makes his scales ripple.
“You really are an interesting Human. I can see why Reinhart is so fascinated by you.”
Slowly, I breathe out. And find myself sitting down. Teriarch sees that and chuckles harder.
“Any more intensity and you might have wet yourself just like she did all that time ago. Or was that her maid? Ah, well.”
He keeps laughing. Me? I’m trying not to revert back into a babbling mess. To steady myself, I stare back at the image of Erin and Octavia. Oh? Now they’re trying to put out a fire. A black fire that seems to be shooting globs of molten fire around her shop. And now some potions have heated up and one’s exploded. Good, good.
“The arrogance and temerity of—but that is why I find myself so…how long has it been? Besides Reinhart, of course. But even she didn’t dare—except for that time…”
He’s mumbling to himself again. I rouse myself and stare at him.
“Well?”
That snaps him out of it. Teriarch stares at me for a long moment, and then sighs.
“Would you accept ten thousand gold pieces? Twenty thousand?”
Twenty th—no, wait, the Gnolls spent over fifty thousand, didn’t they? I eye Teriarch. Hell, I might be able to bargain him up to that, but…
Nah, I want to read that spellbook.
“The book, Teriarch. Take it or leave it.”
“I—hrgh. Very well.”
Teriarch seems to waver, and then he makes a snap decision. He makes the book fly out of the bookshelf and then dumps it in my arms.
“There. Take it. It is a deal. And I will keep this.”
He holds the iPhone in his claws like a prized possession. I grin, almost giddy. I did it!
Then I have another thought.
“How can I carry it?”
“Use the bag.”
Teriarch snaps at me as he delicately inspects the iPhone. He’s sniffing it, and even licking it with the tip of his tongue. It only takes me a second to realize he means the bag he gave me with all the gold coins. I open it, and somehow it opens wide or the tome grows small, because it suddenly fits in the bag.
“A bag of holding.”
“Well, of course. Did you think all those gold coins fit in there by chance?”
“Isn’t that ex—”
I bite my tongue just in time. Don’t look a gift bag in the mouth, Ryoka. Unless it’s to see whether I can fit inside it. Teriarch is too busy acquiring his latest possession anyways.
Huh. It was amazing how he could create a second iPhone just like that. Wait. If he can do that, could he—
“Teriarch, would you consider duplicating the iPhone? For my friend?”
What if we could call each other? Hell, if I could get more copies—
Teriarch pauses at my words. He stares down at me, and then turns his entire body. He brings his head down to eye-level and says one word.
“No.”
It nearly blows my eardrums out of my head.
 
—-
 
