2.46
Page 1
“Yes. I was quite intrigued. How is it that you can see them? Their glamour is usually impenetrable to even the most accomplished mages, unless they know what to look for.”
Um. That’s a really good question. I was going to look into that, but I never got around to it. I hesitate.
“I honestly don’t know.”
“Ah. Of course. I see.”
He gives me a dismissive look. And when a Dragon does it, you really feel small*. He scratches at his jaw. He was interested when I was telling him riddles, but I guess he still thinks I’m an idiot.
 
*Seriously. He’s about the size of a passenger airliner. Not a 747—more like an Airbus A380. Hell, what would happen if he landed on one of them? He could take down planes just pushing them out of the sky.
I grit my teeth, and moderate my tone. Okay, Dragon or not, I still don’t like being underestimated.
“I was going to say, I’m not sure, but I think it’s probably because I come from another world. Something about the chemical balance in my head – or my diet and my origin from another planet – may help me pierce their illusion. It could be any number of factors.”
The Dragon pauses. He looks back at me.
“Well of course. Ah…well, your origins might be one explanation, but faerie magic accounts for more than one world. There must be another reason; usually their magics are broken by satisfying some rule.”
“Any idea what that might be?”
“Not as such. But I must congratulate you on your considered opinion. It is rare to meet a Human so…thoughtful.”
“You mean, it’s nice not to meet an idiot. And that wasn’t a ‘considered opinion’. That was a basic conclusion that took less effort to come up with than it took to say.”
In the resulting silence I suck my lips in. Shit. I did it again.
But instead of swallowing me in one gulp, Teriarch only stares at me. Then he nods.
“Indeed. Well, I must apologize. It is rare for me to meet any mortal beings worthy of my time. Of course, the gap between our levels of understanding is such that these misunderstandings must inevitably occur.”
Did I just get a Dragon to apologize to me? It was a backhanded apology, but—I’ll process that later. Right now, the intelligent part of my brain that seems to have been on vacation up till this point wakes up and taps my frontal lobe. I might have screwed up in coming here, and that riddle game, but I have an opportunity here, don’t I?
After all, I am talking to a Dragon. And suddenly, I’ve got questions. Millions of questions.
I cough delicately. Teriarch is just staring at me, frowning as if he’s trying to work out what to do with me. Time to get on his good side, or at least, get some solid answers out of him.
“Teriarch.”
He looks down at me. I hesitate, and then bow stiffly. The Dragon looks nonplussed.
“What’s this?”
“Thank you for helping me locate my friend, even though you were the one who won the game of riddles.”
“Think nothing of it.”
The Dragon raises a claw and flicks it, almost like a Human would. He almost seems embarrassed—but then he perks up.
“Ah, yes, I did win, didn’t it? And now I will claim my prize. Tell me, Human. How did you evade my scrying for so long?”
He bends his head down eagerly towards me, and I take a step back involuntarily. I’d almost forgotten when I promised him. It seems too inconsequential, but—
“My name. When you tried to scry me, you weren’t using my proper name.”
“What?”
He frowns at me.
“That should not be. I questioned you under a truth spell. It would have been impossible for you to lie about your name.”
