2.46
Page 0

I sit on the ground and laugh. Hysterically. I thought I’d never be hysterical, but now I guess I am.
Let’s recap. I’m sitting on the ground in the center of a cavern filled with magical treasures. The floor is smooth marble; magelight fills the room. Valuable treasures lie scattered around like afterthoughts, and a Dragon lies across one half of the cavern and eyes me uncertainly.
In short, exactly how I imagined all of this going down. I think I have tears in my eyes, but I can’t stop giggling like a loon to wipe them away.
Erin’s fine. Of course she’s fine. Why wouldn’t she be? I ran all this way, desperate, and she was fine the entire time. She’s talking happily with Octavia in the image Teriarch shows me, and by the looks of it they’re having a good time. Octavia seems animated, at least.
She met Octavia. In Celum. I don’t know how she got there, but Toren must have carried her that far. Somehow.
It doesn’t matter. It really doesn’t. Now that I know she’s okay, it’s like a cloud lifted from my mind. I can think clearly—only to realize how stupid I’ve been.
Here be Dragons. Or at least, one. Teriarch. He stares at me with a perplexed expression on his huge face. It makes me laugh harder.
How did it get like this?
“Human.”
His deep voice is impossible to ignore, but even he has to raise it above my manic laughter. Teriarch frowns at me.
“No. Ryoka Griffin, isn’t it? Are you well?”
“I’m—fine.”
I’m not. All of a sudden the laughter wants to turn to tears, and I feel like throwing up.
I’ve made such a mess of my life, haven’t I? Just like the last world, I guess you can’t let go of who you are even with a second chance.
I’m just a bit tired, now. But when I look up, even the bleakness of my heart is relieved.
After all, I am staring at a Dragon.
A Dragon.
He lies in his cave, shining like living gold. His scales are brilliant, and they reflect fragments of light onto the walls every time he moves. He is a Dragon. Teriarch is a Dragon.
They’re real.
He delicately clears his throat, and I scrub at my face. Okay, okay, I’m okay. I can’t waste this moment. Waste any more of this moment, that is.
“Sorry. I uh—I’m sorry about that.”
He waves a claw at me.
“I shall pay it no mind. I am relieved that you are so…lighthearted. I understand you were quite concerned for your friend.”
Is a polite way of saying that he’s glad I’m not insane? For a second, I’m tempted to play all of this off as some kind of mental disorder. I wonder how he’d even deal with that?
He’d probably just heal me. Can he heal the mind with magic? What if you were born with chemical imbalances in your brain, for example? Would a [Restore] spell be useless in that case?
There’s the quasi-scientist in me, asking all the questions. Teriarch is still staring at me, so I clear my throat.
“I’m sorry about that. It’s just been a rough couple of days.”
“I see. My condolences.”
He coughs. I scuff at the marble tiles with my foot.
Oh my god. Here I am, talking with a Dragon, and I’m having problems carrying the conversation. And so is he!
Remember, he’s a normal person. Remember that. He’s just a Dragon, an immortal being – not a mammal, not someone who grew up with any of my societal norms, moral standards, hell, we’re not even the same gender…
“Well, yeah, it’s been tough.”
Someone shoot me. But Teriarch just nods and casts his eye to the ceiling.
“I did notice those pests following you about. They have a habit of ruining anyone’s day for as long as they maintain interest.”
“Pests? You mean the Frost Faeries?”
