2.46
Page 4
“Not all of them, but I know quite a bit.”
“Oh, really?”
The skepticism in his voice makes me frown at him.
“I have a good memory and I was considered to be an excellent student in my world. I know more about mathematics, biology, and the way my world works than almost anyone else my age.”
That’s fairly accurate, although ‘excellent student’ is definitely stretching it. But Teriarch seems determined to be obstinate. He rolls his eyes to the ceiling and flicks out his tongue before he comes up with something.
“Ah, but Reinhart has acquired several children like you. They all hail from your world; what is to stop me from questioning them.”
This time I snort out loud. Teriarch looks more surprised than affronted.
“What?”
“You think you can get any decent information out of a bunch of high schoolers? If they know a tenth of what I do, I’ll eat Magnolia’s maid.”
There it is again. I see him smile!
“You are prideful.”
“Shouldn’t I be?”
He grins at my challenging tone.
“Pride is something which all thinking beings have. But it can be true or illusory. Is yours the kind that would shatter if put to the test?”
He flicks one wing dismissively.
“Regardless, your knowledge may be useful, but what use have I of it? I am no Elf or Gnome to be constantly intrigued by new discoveries and knowledge. I know the secrets of magic and the true nature of this world. I know the names of ancient secrets and treasures long buried. I command storms and flame. What do you have to offer that I don’t already have?”
“Breath mints?”
The Dragon’s eyes bulge. I grin at him, wild and slightly-unhinged on my part. I can’t help it. He’s being competitive and I have to take him down a peg.
“You may be a high and mighty Dragon, but I have seen things just as amazing as you are. Tell me, how fast can you fly? Can you break the barrier of sound? How high can you fly? Can you fly to the moon? Humans have done both these things; if we can do it, doesn’t that make us better than you in some way?”
I’m smirking a bit at him, but to my surprise, Teriarch’s lips quirk and he gives me a smile of his own. It wipes mine clean off my face.
“I have not flown to the moon, but I can break the air into pieces. And you are not the only species to reach such heights. Both Gnomes and Elves have walked upon the twin moons in the sky.”
“What?”
No way. But Teriarch is giving me another smug look. That’s impossible, but then—we did it, didn’t we? If you had the right knowhow and spells—
“Well, I suppose that just means Humans, Elves, and Gnomes are all better than Dragons in some way, aren’t we?”
This time Teriarch’s glare is accompanied by a wing flap. The gust of air makes me stumble. I regain my footing and see him smile.
“My apologies. But I believe this discussion has run its course. I do not engage in pointless debate that serves no higher purpose.”
“Coward.”
“What was that?”
I eye Teriarch’s teeth as he bares them ever so slightly.
“Nothing.”
“Indeed. And our…argument arose from one point. You do not wish me to erase your memory. I wish to do so. And I am the one with the authority to decide.”
That’s it, isn’t it? I bite my lip, but I can’t really argue with that. Instead, I sigh.
“Well, you’re right about that.”
Teriarch pauses as he draws himself up, towering over me.
“That’s it? No pleading? No begging?”
“Not my thing. If you’ve made up your mind to do it, I can’t stop you. I just think it’s a shame, that’s all.”
“Well, all beings desire to know all they can. You will not lose much, Ryoka Griffin. Just a few moments.”
