2.46
Page 2
“Yes, but my name—my true name is Ryoka Griffin. I didn’t lie to you. But ‘Ryoka’ is only a translation. I was originally named in another language.”
To my surprise, Teriarch looks offended by this revelation. He starts grumbling to himself as his head rises up.
“That’s it? That hardly constitutes—a minor technicality like that isn’t part of—inferior spell design. I should have used…another language? But all peoples now speak—ah. Of course. You are from another world, after all. I should have factored that into my calculations.”
Now that I think of it—Teriarch isn’t even blinking over the revelation that I’m from another world.
“You knew who I was before this, didn’t you? Lady Magnolia told you.”
“She did.”
Teriarch is still frowning at something in the air. He mutters to himself, and this time I don’t understand the words at all. His eyes seem to shine with light that isn’t there, and I feel the hairs on the back of my neck tingle. Is he trying to alter his spell? Or scry me?
“How do you know her?”
“That is none of your business.”
Teriarch looks at me dismissively. I twitch a bit at that. I hate it when people say stuff like that to me.
“Oh really? I’d say scrying on me without my permission constitutes a violation of my privacy. And Magnolia sending [Assassins] after me and constantly interfering in my life? That also sounds like my business.”
A pause. The Dragon eyes me. And I feel a bit of trepidation as I realize who I’ve snapped at this time. But his voice is just quiet and calm, without a hint of anger.
“She will speak with you in due time. If you have questions, I would advise you to speak with her. I may render her the occasional assistance, but her affairs are her own. I will not divulge her secrets.”
His eyes flick away, and I release the breath I didn’t know I was holding in. Okay, somewhat kindly, yes. But…still a Dragon.
He looks back at the shimmering image in the air and I realize Erin and Octavia are still hovering in the air. It’s…well, it’s a bit disturbing to think that he can just watch anyone he wants. Big brother’s got nothing on a magical Dragon.
But Erin’s not going to the bathroom or doing anything else private. She’s still in Octavia’s shop, in one piece and not missing any limbs. I stare at my right hand. Hell, she’s not even injured.
She looks happy. I can’t tell what’s happened, but it seems like Octavia’s counting out some gold coins and Erin’s peering around and touching things. Damn it, did Octavia scam Erin out of a bunch of money? She’s a fast-talker and Erin’s not. If she’s trying to con Erin I’ll kick her stitched-up ass.
Teriarch indicates the image.
“I will teleport you to your friend—after erasing your memory of course.”
“What? You’re going to erase my memories?”
The talking Dragon has my full and undivided attention. He scratches at the side of his head as he replies, nonchalantly.
“Well, of course. I can’t have you remembering our encounter. Fear not; I am quite capable of erasing only certain memories. You will find yourself outside your friend’s shop with vague memories of arriving there.”
That doesn’t sound good. The free ride, maybe. But the rest? No.
Think. I spread my hands out in supplication. I’ve got to talk him out of this.
“Oh mighty Teriarch—”
I pause. Nah, I can’t do that.
“—Look, don’t erase my memory. I won’t tell anyone what I’ve seen.”
He raises one eyebrow at me. And yes, Dragons have eyebrows. It’s more like a bony spur on their heads, but it works just as well for purposes of skepticism.
