2.46
Page 7
“Why wouldn’t they be able to learn magic? The mages of Wistram are no fools—at least, they were not two hundred years ago. Why would they expel the apprentice sent to them?”
I stare at Teriarch. Did he just imply…?
“Wait—you’re saying Gnolls can learn magic? But the mages didn’t think it was possible.”
The Dragon shakes his head in exasperation.
“Of course the Gnolls can learn magic. Some races are more adept, but they are hardly mindless Antinium or magic nulls. Why would Wistram not…? That is very, very odd.”
Oh wow. Another secret for Krshia. My heart beats faster.
“Well, this is the Silverfang’s great gift to the other tribes. So if you gave them spellbooks—say, uh, fifty of them—”
“Fifty spellbooks?”
Teriarch rears up. He stares at me.
“No. Absolutely not.”
“Why?”
I spread my hands, a bit outraged. I look around his cavern and point to a bookshelf.
“There! Aren’t those all magical tomes? You’ve got at least three bookcases in that one spot. Fifty spellbooks—hell, even ten would be—”
“No. That is unthinkable.”
“Why not?”
“Because they are mine.”
Teriarch’s tone is as flat as the glare he gives me. His tail snakes out and curls around the bookshelves I pointed to, as if he’s afraid I might grab them and run off.
“Oh come on. Don’t be stingy.”
“This is mine. I will not just give away what I have collected for nothing.”
Great. The one thing all the stories had to get right was that Dragons are greedy and possessive as hell. I sigh and rake my hair.
“Then—what if you copied a spellbook? Can you do that? With magic, I mean?”
“Of course I can copy a spellbook. I can write however many I wish. But the process requires expensive ingredients and time which I will not waste.”
Teriarch shakes his head at me. But I’m still going for it.
“One spellbook, then. How about just one?”
I think Krshia needs at least one—probably ten. I could get another one if I used all the gold I just received, according to Ceria, but if I can get one—
“I have many spellbooks in my possession, some of which are indeed useful even to the most meager spellcasters. But I will not part with any of them.”
“Why not? You don’t need them. And you clearly have more wealth than you need. Why not give them away?”
“Because they are mine.”
The same response. Teriarch’s eyes glitter. His head snakes down towards me and I shiver when he stares at me with his heliotrope eye. Avarice. Okay, so he’s an old man who likes collecting things. Gotcha.
“The Gnolls need a spellbook, Teriarch. Don’t you have a bunch of—inferior copies you could part with?”
“None of the books in my collection are remotely inferior.”
“Damn. So they all have high-tier spells written in them?”
Teriarch looks confused.
“High-tier…? Oh, your little magical organizational system. No; on the contrary. Many of my books contain lower-class spells. But they are of a higher quality in terms of content and accessibility for those studying them.”
I only partly understand what he’s saying. Teriarch notices my blank look and sighs.
“I suppose Gnolls would know as little as you do. In truth, the Silverfang tribe’s gift would be problematic in any case. If they truly bought over forty spellbooks, I imagine they would have proven quite redundant given the commonality of low-level spells. Moreover if they were cheap enough that a single spell could destroy them, they were probably personal references rather than a proper instructional tome.”
If I had ears that could perk up like Mrsha’s…
“Tomes? You mean there are different kinds of spellbooks?”
