2.47
Page 15
Why was a nice innkeeper the only requirement for both Garia and Erin? But Ryoka was still bothered by the new smell. Her eyes narrowed as one of the barmaids went into the kitchen and came out with a very familiar bun and burger on a plate. The barmaid offered it to one of the customers and Ryoka groaned.
“She’s not.”
“Who? Is someone doing something?”
Erin. Damn it. It was always her stupid ideas. But even as Ryoka watched, more food began to come out of the kitchen as both Maran and Safry struggled to keep up with the flow.
“Here’s a, uh, hamburger, Miss Ryoka. [Innkeeper] Erin said you’d want one.”
Ryoka eyed the burger with the toasted bun and thick, fried patty. This was a homemade burger with all the fixings; it even looked like Erin had mayonnaise somehow and put it with the fries.
How the hell could she cook so fast? It had to be the [Advanced Cooking] skill, but she was still far quicker than she had any right to be. Ryoka’s stomach growled as she stared at the wonderful hamburger, a far cry from the plate of food Ryoka had pushed away.
“Is that…what’s that, Ryoka?”
Garia was staring hungrily at the burger, and even Safry looked like she could use some. Ryoka grunted and took the plate.
“Tell Erin to make another for Garia. And if she’s making more food—”
“Oh, she is. Like lightning, that one. She’s got [Advanced Cooking]. Isn’t it amazing?”
“[Advanced Cooking]? That’s really impressive. Ryoka, do you know the new cook?”
“She’s my friend. She decided to help your innkeeper out. She’s an [Innkeeper] as well.”
Ryoka grumbled into her burger as Garia tried to press her with questions. The juicy meat was making her feel a lot better, and Garia’s eyes nearly popped out of her own head when she got hers and tasted it.
“This is delicious! And what’s this stuff? Did the barmaid say? Fries? Oh! They’re a potato! Your friend is amazing, Ryoka!”
Both girls devoured the food as Ryoka watched the room change. The diners hadn’t exactly been diving into their meals, but now everyone from the tired workers to the adventurers had found a separate stomach for Erin’s far higher-quality food. It flew out of the kitchen and in accordance to the laws of commerce, the livelier mood and smells drew more customers in.
“And now she’s talking with the guests. Wonderful.”
Ryoka tried to catch Erin’s eye, but the girl had now exited the kitchen and was animatedly talking with people, being trailed by Agnes who was giving the other girl amazed looks.
Garia was munching down her second burger, but she stopped to stare at Erin.
“She looks so…so normal. Nothing like you, Ryoka. How did you meet her?”
Should she lie or tell the truth? Ryoka was debating answering Garia when she noticed a disturbance at the other end of the room.
The adventuring group was clearly not a group of Gold-rankers, like Halrac and Griffin Hunt, but they were certainly boisterous enough for two groups their size. They’d been laughing, telling rude jokes and generally causing a mess since Ryoka had come in, growing progressively drunker. She already hated their guts, but even the exclusively-male team had found some delight in Erin’s cooking.
Unfortunately, that had only made them more excited. Ryoka saw one of them grabbing Safry’s arm as she came by with a refill for their tankards. She tried to pull away, but then one of the men grabbed at her breasts while the other felt at her legs.
