2.47
Page 0

Ryoka knew that she didn’t have the same sense of normality she used to have. Her reactions to things like monsters and magic had been tempered by her experiences in this world, and she could look at Goblins and magic spells without batting an eyelid.
And of course Erin and Octavia were both independent young women who had experienced just as much, if not more, than Ryoka had. But it was still slightly worrying that of the two of them, Octavia was the one who reacted normally.
“How did you—was that a teleportation spell?”
“What kind of flour did you mean, Ryoka? Did you mean acorn flour, or wheat flour? Oh and, how did you do that?”
Ryoka felt like throwing up. Her insides felt like someone had shoved an electric egg beater in them. It had been like that last time as she recalled, although at that point she’d appeared above the rooftops of Celum. She’d been more preoccupied by not sliding off the roof she’d landed on to worry about throwing up.
The smell wasn’t helping. Octavia was staring at Ryoka in shock, but Erin had, in her own way, adjusted to the situation in a second. There was almost something commendable about her mental resilience.
“So was that a spell? Oh wait—you look like you’re going to throw up. Here!”
She handed Ryoka a large, empty jar. It looked like the disposal container for failed alchemical reactions. The taller girl pushed it aside and took a few deep breaths.
“I’m fine, Erin. Just give me a moment. And fresh air.”
She stumbled towards the door of the shop. Erin hesitated, and followed her. Ryoka had to step around upturned chairs and avoid two puddles of potions. Octavia’s shop was trashed. What had happened here?
Oh, right. Erin.
It took a while for Ryoka to regain her internal sense of balance. Her head was still spinning, but when she felt ready to explain things and not throw up, she looked around.
Erin was standing next to Ryoka, staring up into the cloudy grey sky. The winter air blew her hair wildly, but she didn’t appear to notice.
She was smiling. It was so surprising to Ryoka that she stared. Despite being marooned in an unknown city and all she had presumably gone through, Erin was still smiling.
Ryoka touched her own face. She wasn’t smiling. She rarely did.
Erin grinned at Ryoka. The other girl was clearly happy. Then she threw her arms around the other girl.
“Hey!”
“I’m so glad you found me! I was so worried—but you just poofed out of nowhere! How did you do it? Was it magic?”
“No—sort of. It was a mage. I met a mage on one of my deliveries, remember? Teriarch?”
“You mean that grumpy mage guy? He teleported you?”
Ryoka hesitated.
“Yes. He did. He helped me find you and get to you. I was…worried. But it looks like you were okay. What happened?”
“I don’t know! One second I was taking a nap as Toren pulled me around, the next…poof! I’m out in the middle of nowhere and there are wolves and bears! Well, just one bear.”
Ryoka listened as Erin gave her a garbled explanation of what had happened. She shook her head.
“You fought off a wolf pack? And scared away a bear?”
“Um. Yes?”
Ryoka wanted to disbelieve, or at least believe Erin was exaggerating or boasting, but one look into her eyes told her Erin was telling the truth. It almost made Ryoka’s adventure seem normal.
Almost. The Dragon and the game of riddles still trumped beating down wolves with your bare hands. It felt like a dream, even minutes after it had happened. She’d talked with a Dragon. A Dragon. They were real. He was real.
