2.47
Page 12
“If it isn’t a City Runner! Miss Griffin, isn’t it? Do come in, please!”
Ryoka wore a pained expression as the woman approached. Erin smiled and received a wider smile in return.
“Welcome to the Frenzied Hare! Do take a seat. My name is Agnes; and I do know you, Miss Ryoka Griffin. You stayed at my inn just as you were starting out as a City Runner. Do you remember?”
It was something that Erin had noticed. Whenever Ryoka didn’t want to say something or talk with someone, her face would become very closed off and she’d change her posture to be more withdrawn. She was doing that now, even though the woman was acting really nice.
“I’m sorry. I don’t recall. Please excuse us; we were just looking in.”
“Oh. I see. But if you’d like to stay, we have food hot and ready.”
“That sounds good to me!”
Erin smiled at the woman. Agnes smiled back.
“Oh, and who are you?”
“My name’s Erin. Please to meet—”
“One second, please, Miss Agnes.”
Ryoka dragged Erin away before she could introduce herself. Erin glared; Ryoka was being rude, but Ryoka herself looked annoyed.
“We’re not staying here, Erin. We can afford a much better inn.”
“What? But she’s nice. And this place doesn’t look so bad—”
“I’ve seen good inns, and this isn’t one of them. The food smells burnt, there’s an obnoxious group over there, and the inn’s not crowded despite it being dinnertime. There are better places to be if we’ve got money. Let’s find one.”
She had a point, but Erin was reluctant to concede. Ryoka walked back to Agnes, whose smile had slipped slightly. She had a resigned look in her eyes before Ryoka even spoke.
“I’m sorry Miss Agnes, but we really have to be going.”
“I understand. But if you ever want to stop by…”
The older woman looked crestfallen and slightly hurt. That made up Erin’s mind.
“Nah, let’s stay.”
She interrupted Ryoka. The other girl turned and glared silently at her, but Erin ignored the look. She smiled at Agnes, who gave her a more genuine smile of surprise in return.
“I’d love to have whatever you’ve got. And we’d like to stay the night, wouldn’t we, Ryoka?”
The other girl looked exasperated, but gave up.
“I suppose we will. A table for two, Miss Agnes. Away from those two, please.”
She nodded at the adventurers who were spilling a lot of their drink on the floor in proper quaffing style. Agnes beamed and led the two girls to a table at the other side of the room, talking excitedly with Erin.
“Oh thank you. You know, it’s been hard since my poor husband fell ill. He’s been abed these last two weeks with a terrible fever, and I’m trying to keep the place running, but I just don’t have his levels, I really don’t. I was a [Tailor] by trade before I became an [Innkeeper] with him…”
“Really? That’s so odd. You know I’m an [Innkeeper] myself, Agnes.”
“Someone as young as you? Bless my heart, that’s quite an achievement! No wonder you’re friends with Miss Griffin, Miss Erin was it?”
“Please, call me Erin. Yeah, I have this inn near Liscor, but I’m uh, travelling abroad for a bit…”
By the time Erin had sat down with Ryoka and they’d ordered some beef with potatoes, the meal of the day, she’d become entirely invested in Agnes’ struggle.  She’d even met the two barmaids, Maran and Safry, and they’d both been cheerful and welcoming, if tired. Agnes had chatted happily with Erin before going back into the kitchen to cook, a scene so familiar to Erin that she felt a strong bond with the woman.
