2.47
Page 10
“Send this: ‘Krshia Silverfang, this is Ryoka. I have what you want. Tell the others to wait for my return.’”
The man looked up.
“Is that all?”
“Yes.”
Erin noticed something then, as the man showed Ryoka the piece of paper. He’d looked sort of bored when she spoke to him, but when Ryoka had delivered her cryptic message he’d become more interested. Come to that, so had the woman standing at the counter next to them…as well as the other man behind the counter. They looked the other way when Erin stared, though.
Ryoka paid for the second message and then she and Erin walked towards the entrance of the building. Erin told Ryoka what she’d seen in a hushed voice. Ryoka only shrugged.
“Don’t bother keeping your voice down, Erin. I’d bet there are spells that can record our every word in here. And you can bet that more than one person’s going to read that message or pass it along before it gets to anyone in Liscor.”
“Really? How do you know?”
Ryoka smiled crookedly.
“Because knowledge is power, or money. [Message] spells don’t seem to be that well-encrypted magically in the first place, but having secretaries handle the mail means that all kinds of secrets are probably sold off or kept. Most people might not know that, but you can bet all those [Receptionists] read all the messages before they go out.”
She hadn’t bothered to lower her voice. A rich, fat man waddling towards an exit looked at Ryoka with a horrified glance, and Erin winced as the people at the counters glared daggers at Ryoka’s back.
“Are you sure?”
“It’s Human nature. But I didn’t say anything they can use; just so long as our friends know we’re safe, it’s fine.”
They were outside the building now. The rich guy had done a u-turn and was moving at speed back to the desk to confront one of the flustered secretaries. Just in case though, Erin lowered her voice.
“What was that message to Krshia, though? What do you have? A delivery?”
Ryoka didn’t look around, but she jabbed Erin with an elbow. Gently.
“That’s private. Let’s not talk about it; I’m sure that spells can be extended past a building, and there’s always Skills as well.”
That made Erin worried for two entire streets, until Ryoka paused to reassure her.
“Don’t worry; Runners are used to transporting all kinds of secret stuff. I doubt anyone would pry too far into my business, but I’m just being cautious.”
“You really think about different stuff than I do, Ryoka. I just try not to let a monster eat my face off and make good food.”
“We all have our skills. Don’t worry about any of it. Right now, our next goal should be finding you transport back to Liscor.”
Erin made a face at Ryoka as they walked along through the snow. Ryoka still looked completely fine wearing practically nothing, even though it was starting to snow. She was making Erin feel cold.
“I don’t know how we’re going to do that, Ryoka. I left my sledge outside of the city, but there’s no one to pull it. Unless you—?”
“No. I suppose we could buy a horse for you and I could run with you, but that’s risky.”
“Risky? Why?”
Ryoka looked exasperated.
“The roads aren’t safe, Erin. The main ones might be, but there’s always the chance of a monster or bandit attack. I can outrun most monsters and I’ve got some items that will help me, but even on a horse you’d be a target.”
Scowling, Ryoka kicked through a pile of snow, ignoring the looks the other pedestrians gave her.
“It’ll be hard getting you back quickly and safely. A caravan’s normally how people travel, but those are slow. We could hire adventurers to guard you, but that would cost a lot of money.”
