2.47
Page 9
The man spoke briskly, barely looking up from his paper. Then he noticed Ryoka’s bare feet and scowled briefly.
“I’m a City Runner. Here’s my seal.”
Ryoka reached into her travel pouch and pulled out a glittering seal that was made of some blue metal and silver. Erin was entranced by the way the colors blended together and sparkled, but the man barely looked at it. He nodded and passed it back.
“Do you have a message to send, or are you here to pick up? The mage on duty hasn’t collected any incoming messages for your guild.”
“Message to send.”
The man grabbed a fresh piece of paper and dipped his quill in the ink pot.
“Name?”
“She’ll be sending the first message.”
Ryoka gestured to Erin. Erin smiled.
“Hi—”
“Name?”
The abrupt response made Erin feel like she was at an airport or something.
“Erin Solstice.”
“Destination?”
“Um. Liscor?”
The man scribbled down on the piece of paper, quill blurring so fast that Erin could barely follow. He wrote faster than most people could type, and his writing—far from being ink splattered and cursively-illegible—was almost agonizingly straight and easy to read.
“And who are the recipients of your message? Please list more than one person if at all possible.”
“Okay. Selys Shivertail or Krshia Silverfang. Selys is a Drake and Krshia’s a Gnoll. Oh, and Klbkch! You can add him too. He’s an Antinium.”
The receptionist’s quill paused when Erin mentioned that. Erin sensed Ryoka was covering her face in her hand as everyone in earshot looked at her. She blushed.
“Well, he is.”
The man at the desk recovered quickly.
“Very well. And the contents of your message? Be aware of the prices for longer messages.”
He pointed to a board over his head. Erin gulped as she noticed how expensive messages got.
“Okay. Um—this isn’t part of the message. This is just me thinking. Uh, write this. ‘Hi guys, this is Erin. I’m well—’”
Wearing a pained expression, Ryoka interrupted Erin.
“Cancel that. Write this instead. ‘This is Ryoka. I am with Erin in the city of Celum. We are both well, and we will attempt to return soon.’”
The man efficiently scribbled down their message and then crossed out the parts Erin had said. He offered the sheet of paper to the two young women.
“Does that appear to be correct? Yes? Then the price will be…”
Erin’s face fell, but Ryoka just dug at a pouch and dropped several gold coins onto the counter. The man collected them, and then for some reason used a magnifying glass to stare at each of the coins in turn.
“What’s he doing?”
“He’s checking to make sure they’re authentic.”
“Oh.”
That done, Ryoka received a few silver coins in return.
“A mage will send your message via spell sometime today. If there is a response, we will hold the reply for one week before disposing of it. Thank you.”
That was that. Erin turned to go, but Ryoka hesitated.
“…Wait. I’ll send one more message now.”
The man looked up.
“Very well. Your name?”
“Ryoka Griffin. The message is also to Liscor, but the only recipient is Krshia Silverfang.”
Erin watched the man writing on a fresh piece of paper and looked around the room. This was a lot of work compared to using a phone, but she could also see how useful it was. No wonder a lot of merchant-types looked like they were sending messages to other people. You could get good tips about the markets in other cities. Or evil monsters trying to swallow people whole.
“And the contents of your message?”
Erin looked back as Ryoka took a deep breath. The other girl seemed to think for a moment before she nodded and spoke.
