2.47
Page 2
“But how—I don’t know anyone who can just cast a [Teleportation] spell out of nowhere. Was there a spell circle? No one can just click their fingers and just—wait—that delivery to the High Passes…”
“Runner’s confidentiality, Octavia. I can’t tell you anything.”
The stitch-girl looked disappointed. But then her eyes widened.
“Is it the potion maker? Do you have another—”
Ryoka sighed.
“Shut up. Please. Octavia, this is Erin. A friend of mine. She’s an [Innkeeper] in Liscor, far from home.”
“Hi.”
“And Erin, this is Octavia, an [Alchemist] who talks too much for her own good. And she tries scamming everyone she meets, so don’t take any of her bargains.”
“That’s—”
“Now, explain to me how you two met. And what happened. From the start.”
Both girls looked at each other. Then they began a more coherent narrative that Ryoka could actually follow.
The story went like this: Erin, coming into the city had a jar full of bees and two jars of honey. She also had a desire to get rid of said jars, and thus went to find an [Alchemist] to sell them to. Octavia, being known as the enterprising (and annoying) [Alchemist] she was, was only happy to take Erin’s goods and her money if possible.
The interesting part of the story was that Erin was only too willing to give Octavia both, if she helped Erin do her own experiments. Octavia had happily accepted, but it turned out that Erin’s style of experimentation was insane, to say the least.
“She just threw two potions into the mixture. Just like that.”
Octavia pointed a shaking hand to the place where all the poisonous smoke had come from. It had been neutralized by some kind of white powder, but Ryoka and Erin were both keeping clear of the area.
“That was after she melted a hole in my best cauldron trying to make soup with ground up Corusdeer horns!”
Erin shrugged helplessly.
“I thought I could make something warm and tasty, you know? Something magical.”
“I told you it wouldn’t work. Corusdeer horns can get so hot they’ll melt through almost anything. Putting them over a fire is just asking for a melted fireplace. And in a soup? You’d melt a hole right through your stomach!”
“But Ryoka said—”
“Erin, Octavia has a point.”
“What?”
Erin looked at Ryoka as the other girl shook her head. For her part, Ryoka was uncomfortable with Octavia’s description of Erin’s activities as well. Erin could easily have blown up Octavia’s entire shop or killed herself trying her mixtures out on herself.
“I know you’re excited, but you should really try and think over what you want to do before experimenting. Set a goal, make a hypothesis, and then mix something up, okay? And run everything by Octavia first.”
“Aw.”
The shorter girl sagged a bit. Octavia looked relieved.
“Good. Now, I’ll expect you to pay for damages. I’ll send you the bill—you can leave and—”
“What? I’m not going. I haven’t even finished half of the things I wanted to try yet!”
The [Alchemist] froze.
“What? You can’t be serious.”
Erin looked indignant. She grabbed her money pouch and jingled it in front of Octavia’s face.
“Didn’t I pay you for experiments? Sure, a few of them went south, but I still get to try out more stuff! You promised!”
“I said that, but—you can’t seriously expect—”
Octavia spluttered and tried to argue, but Erin was already looking around for more ingredients and potions to mix and match.
This looked like one particular bargain that had backfired spectacularly for the stitch-girl. Ryoka’s lips twitched. She saw Erin looking at a rack of mana potions. Octavia angrily reached for Erin’s shoulder, but Ryoka caught her arm.
