2.47
Page 4
“Let’s see. Cold carrots with a gelatin, lots of wheat flour, and less Corusdeer horn. And I washed the horn this time!”
Erin wasn’t sure about edibility of any of Octavia’s ingredients, but the powdered horn had been washed, and now it was being boiled. That was okay, right?
Ryoka cracked open one eyelid and stared at the bubbling soup.
“Why did you add the herbs? Won’t that mess up the entire mixture?”
“No…I don’t think so. See, if this were potions, you’d have to add all the stuff while it was hot and I couldn’t add stuff like seasoning. But this is just one ingredient, so Octavia said it would probably be okay.”
“Ah. There’s no catalyst, huh?”
“Um. Yeah? It’s just food, so I’m really not doing proper alchemy.”
“Looks good to me. Is it supposed to bubble like that?”
Erin looked back at the pot and yelped. The Corusdeer horns had made the soup extremely hot. But the flour and thicker mixture was diluting the heat; it was only bubbling over rather than meltingly hot. She stirred and blew and added more flour and water as Ryoka watched.
“It’s sort of surreal to see you here, Erin.”
“Yeah, I can’t believe all that happened already. Weird, isn’t it? I never thought I’d get to visit a Human city so easily.”
“Neither did I. You know it’s over a hundred miles from here to Liscor?”
“What?”
“You made the trip in one day. Even if you were asleep, Toren had to have been booking it to run that far so quickly. And you say you slept through the entire thing?”
Erin scratched at her cheek awkwardly.
“I, uh, well, I didn’t get much sleep the night before, okay? I might have slept for a long time.”
Ryoka sighed. Erin felt moved to turn and look at her now her soup was back under control.
“You okay, Ryoka? You seem down.”
She saw two shoulders twitch on the Asian girl’s comatose form.
“I’m sort of tired. Been a long day.”
“It really was.”
Erin reached for a stick and lifted it into the air. She eyed the pink smeared layer at the end, and then shuddered and dipped it into the soup, praying it wouldn’t interfere with the taste.
Octavia had an interesting way of testing potions. She had this…thing. It looked like a layer of flesh on a stick, really. It was gross, but it came out of this jar with magic runes on it. According to Octavia, it mimicked Human flesh and other body functions. And it was reactive, so you could see what happened to skin or your stomach if you dipped it in the potion. If anything burned, turned black, or started dying, you had a problem.
It was also expensive, and Erin had burned the last four tests she’d used in the soup. Something about the mixture was making it literally too hot for consumption even when Erin had taken the pot off the stove. But now she thought she’d done it.
“Oh, hey, look Ryoka! This time it’s not burning!”
Ryoka grudgingly raised her head and eyed the dripping flesh-tester as Erin lifted it out of the soup.
“That’s disgusting. Remind me why you wanted to even use Octavia’s shop, Erin?”
Erin hesitated. She stirred the soup a bit more and then took it off the fire. She spoke as she filled a bowl with the bright orange-yellow mixture. It had floating bits of thyme in it, and Erin’s [Advanced Cooking] sense told her it was probably not too bad in terms of taste. But the real test would be seeing how it affected someone.
“I wanted to make something magical. Something…useful. Something other people can’t steal that only I can do, you know? Maybe even something that can help people – not just feed them. Like the faerie flower drink.”
She offered the bowl to Ryoka.
“Here. I think it’s done. Want to try some?”
