2.47
Page 1
Ryoka sighed. She was back in the real world. She had to focus. She noticed Erin still hadn’t stopped hugging her and frowned.
“Okay. That’s enough. Get off.”
She broke Erin’s hold and the girl beamed at her.
“I’m just so glad you’re here! You’ll never believe who I met! That girl in there—the angry one—she’s named Octavia and she’s an [Alchemist]! Can you believe it? She’s got all kinds of cool potions, too!”
“I can believe it. I know her, actually.”
Ryoka looked back inside the shop. Octavia had left the two girls alone for a few moments to try and mop up some of the potion on the floor.
“What the hell happened? I saw a bit when Teriarch scried you—”
“Whoa! He can scry people?”
“—But I didn’t get a good look. Erin, what are you doing?”
“Come on, let me show you!”
Erin tugged Ryoka back into the shop. The instant they entered, the noxious smell in the air assaulted Ryoka’s sinuses again. Her nose had already gone numb.
“No! No! Out!”
Octavia shouted the instant she saw Erin enter. To Ryoka’s surprise she jabbed the mop at Erin like a spear, trying to keep the [Innkeeper] at bay.
“Hey! Watch it, Octavia! I’ll help clean up! Ow!”
Ryoka caught the mop and stared at the girl made of fabric and stitches. Octavia looked like a normal person, albeit with a Frankenstein-esque appearance with all the stitches on her shoulders and neck. She also looked uncharacteristically flustered. She pointed at Erin.
“Ryoka, you know this girl?”
“Hi, Octavia. What’s happening?”
The dark-skinned girl waved her hands and tried to push Erin back out of the shop.
“Do something about her! She’s an insane fool who’s going to get us all killed!”
“Oh come on! It was only o—two accidents!”
Erin protested, but Octavia was clearly upset. She glared at Erin, fists clenched.
“You melted a hole in my kitchen! And then you nearly poisoned us both!”
“What happened?”
Ryoka interposed herself between the two girls. Both tried to explain at the same time, with much arm waving and accusations.
“I just wanted to make some magical stuff! Like food or a potion! I even paid Octavia a lot of gold to help me out!”
“I thought you wanted to do a few experiments! I had no idea you were this insane!”
Octavia pointed a trembling finger to the part of the shop where the smell was most overpowering. Ryoka saw what looked like the epicenter of a localized disaster; a cauldron had partly melted, and a thick purple residue clung to all the nearby surfaces. The [Alchemist] turned to Ryoka, imploring.
“Please, keep her away from my ingredients and potions! She just keeps mixing them together without any sense of the danger.”
Both girls turned and stared at Erin, who looked hurt.
“That’s how alchemy works, though, right? We have to experiment to—”
“No!”
Octavia clutched at her dreadlocks. Ryoka had to agree with her on this one.
“Erin, you can’t just throw ingredients and potions together. If alchemy is anything like science, you need to document your work. And all this stuff is magical. You need safeguards.”
“What, really?”
“That’s what I said! But you create a poisonous cloud and melted—”
“Octavia, shut up for a second.”
Both girls shut up and stared at Ryoka. She almost felt like an elementary school teacher dealing with a bunch of brats. But still, Ryoka had to smile a bit. Erin was fine, and she’d even managed to piss off Octavia. And Ryoka had a bag full of money and a spellbook. Wasn’t something supposed to be going wrong by now?
“Let’s start over. Octavia, I’ve just finished a delivery and I came here to find Erin.”
