2.47
Page 13
Ryoka sat with her arms folded, a scowl on her face. She had refused to take part in any of the conversations. Now she was waiting for their food, clearly annoyed that Erin had chosen this inn to stay in.
“Aw, come on Ryoka. Agnes is nice! Don’t you think so?”
“She’s fine.”
That was her problem. Ryoka got grumpy if she didn’t get her way. Erin was determined to remain upbeat, though.
“Agnes said she knew you when you just got here, Ryoka. You really don’t remember her?”
Ryoka shrugged, looking uncomfortable.
“She’s an [Innkeeper], Erin. No offense, but I sleep in a lot of inns in my job.”
“You remember me, though.”
“You kind of stand out, Erin. This place…”
Ryoka let her voice trail off. She shrugged, looking darkly resigned.
“Let’s just eat. We can talk over dinner.”
“Ooh! I think I see the food.”
Erin turned in her seat and smiled as Safry came out of the kitchen, balancing two plates and two drinks – boiled water and milk in her hands. Ryoka sighed.
“Don’t get your hopes up. Food around here isn’t always as good as your inn.”
“You’re so pessimistic, Ryoka! Come on, how bad could it be?”
“Tell me you didn’t just say that.”
 
—-
 
It was entirely the meal Ryoka had expected, and clearly, not the one Erin had envisioned. She saw Erin’s face visibly react to the slightly charred meat and lackluster potatoes as Safry put them in front of them. Ryoka took a fork and poked at her meat, wondering if she’d even be able to get the fatty bit down or whether she should just order another plate and choose the best parts between the two of them.
Safry apologized to Erin as she put the drinks down. She was already friendly with Erin, something Ryoka couldn’t believe.
“Sorry. Agnes ain’t got a Skill. You sure you don’t want anything stronger to drink? Helps wash it all down.”
“No, it’s fine. Thanks Safry!”
Erin smiled at the other young woman, and then went back to looking at her plate. Ryoka sighed.
“See what I mean?”
“It could be good!”
Erin tried to be optimistic as she speared a bit of meat and put it in her mouth. Ryoka watched as Erin chewed, tried to swallow, and was forced to chew more. Her face fell.
“Aw.”
There was way too much gristle in their meat. Ryoka was picking at her potatoes with her fork; they could have used more boiling and they were bland as, well, bad potatoes.
“Looks like the husband had all the cooking talent in the marriage. That, or this inn makes most of its money serving alcohol.”
“Ryoka! Don’t be rude!”
Erin swallowed her bite with some effort. She looked visibly disappointed, but she tried to eat another bite of potato.
“Okay, this isn’t good…but maybe Agnes just doesn’t know any recipes?”
“More like she’s probably never had to really practice until now.”
Ryoka sighed. She’d begun to understand the advantages of levels, as well as the drawbacks they created.
“Her husband—I guess he had the cooking Skills. Agnes doesn’t, and so she never bothered to learn how to cook that well since she didn’t have to with him around. After all, what’s the point? Someone with [Basic Cooking] can do all of what’s needed, which means that unless you live in a Gnoll tribe where the work gets passed around, you probably don’t learn a lot of skills unless that’s your job.”
Ryoka took a bite of her potato and grimaced.
“Or maybe it’s just her. We can still find another inn, Erin.”
“No, we’re staying here. Agnes is nice.”
Erin was wearing her mule-like expression. Ryoka hated that look; it meant Erin was determined to do things her way. She sighed and chewed the potato and washed it down with water. Food was food, after all.
