2.47
Page 6
“I suppose. I’ll get her. She’s sulking upstairs.”
Erin poured more soup into a bowl as Ryoka went to get Octavia. The [Alchemist] didn’t have a very welcoming expression on her face when Ryoka finally got her to come back and look at Erin’s creation, but her natural curiosity got the better of her and in minutes she was trying the soup herself.
“It is hot, even when it’s not on the fire. Look—I added some snow and the temperature didn’t even change. Tastes waterier, though.”
Octavia patted her body and then took one of her arms off and studied the cloth. She reattached it as Erin gaped and shrugged.
“Seems like the effect spreads from the stomach. It didn’t affect my arm as cloth, but the effect works when I reattached it. I feel warm all over.”
“You—but wh—”
“I feel warm. Hot, even. If I was outside I’d be fine. And…hold on, I wonder if the effect actually protects you from the cold or just makes you feel warm?”
Ryoka commented as she fetched some more snow from outside. She melted the snow she was holding in seconds, and soon she was smiling.
“I bet I could run barefoot as long as this lasts.”
“I can sell this.”
Octavia’s eyes glittered. She looked at Erin.
“Mind you, it still felt really hot going in. You might want to adjust your recipe.”
Ryoka nodded. Then she had a thought and scowled.
“Damn it, Erin. It is going to be this hot coming out as it felt going in?”
“Ew. I hope not. But doesn’t it warm you up?”
Erin put aside Octavia’s magical arm trick for a second to bask in her own success. She sipped her soup and felt the warmth spread. Yes, she’d done it!
“How did you know this would work?”
Octavia stared at Erin curiously. Erin shrugged.
“I just have this…skill. It’s called [Wondrous Fare] and it sort of works like [Advanced Cooking]. I get a sense of how to make food magical. I think.”
Ryoka scratched her head.
“What I don’t understand is why the soup works like that. What’s in the horns that does all that?”
“Dunno. It’s magical.”
Octavia cleared her throat.
“Corusdeer horns are used as alternative fuel sources by [Blacksmiths], [Chefs]—anyone who needs a really hot fire. They burn for a long time and they burn so hot you have to divide up a horn into sections to really use them. One horn can go for as much as twelve silver pieces or double that if there’s a shortage—want to know how many you used?”
She glared, but Erin only stared back.
“Wanna know how much I paid you?”
“That barely covers—”
Octavia hesitated. Even she had a problem telling barefaced lies, apparently.
“The soup will be a good addition to my stock. Just write down the recipe and I’ll improve the mixture. I can probably sell—”
“Hold on, that’s Erin’s soup. Not yours.”
“Oh, she can have it. I don’t need any right now; I know how to make some. But I’m not sharing the recipe.”
“What?”
Octavia moved with the speed of greed. She stopped in front of Erin, glaring. Ryoka reached for her shoulder but this time Octavia pushed her hand away.
“That wasn’t part of the deal! I let you experiment here—I deserve to know the recipe!”
Erin blinked at the alchemist girl.
“Yeah, it wasn’t part of the deal.”
“Exac—huh?”
“It wasn’t part of the deal. I just wanted to experiment; I didn’t say I’d give you the recipes.”
“Yes—but—let’s not be hasty now, Erin. We can make a trade—”
“Tomorrow, maybe. Ryoka says we’ve got to do other things right now. So I’ll be back tomorrow, Octavia! I want to try making a lot more stuff next time.”
“Wait, t—”
