2.47
Page 14
Why was she so upset, anyways? It was just one meal. After all that had happened today, she could take a terrible meal and a lumpy bed. It was just—Ryoka had gotten spoiled from Erin’s cooking, that was all.
The two endured two more mouthfuls of food before Erin put down her fork, looking distressed.
“This is really no good.”
“I told you. We can leave—”
“No, I said we’re staying. But I’m going to have a word with Agnes.”
“What? Erin. You can’t just—”
Too late. Erin was already up and walking into the kitchen. Ryoka ground her teeth. If Erin caused more trouble, she’d…she’d…
Do what, exactly? Ryoka’s memories kicked her and showed her an image of her challenging a Dragon to a game of riddles. Compared to that, what was getting tossed out of an inn by an angry [Innkeeper]?
Erin was gone for quite some time, and Ryoka was idly wondering if she could pull out Teriarch’s book of spells and read it under the table, somehow. Given that it was practically the size of the table, she doubted she could make it work. The adventurers were still laughing and getting on her nerves across the room, and she was just about to order some alcohol and get stinking drunk to put an end to her miseries until tomorrow when someone called her name.
“Ryoka? Is that you?”
A familiar voice caused Ryoka to jerk up in her seat. She looked towards the entrance, and there in the doorway stood a familiar giant young woman.
“Garia?”
Garia Strongheart strode into the inn with a huge smile on her face.
“Ryoka!”
It had been a long time, or Ryoka would have remembered to watch out for Garia’s crushing strength. The hug the shorter girl gave Ryoka made her bones creak, but Ryoka didn’t care. She was even moved to smile at Garia as the other girl took a seat with her.
“Garia, it’s been a long time. How have you been?”
“Oh, you know. I’ve been running deliveries; nothing special. But you—I haven’t seen you in weeks, Ryoka! I didn’t even know you were in the city—no one in the Runner’s Guild mentioned seeing you. What happened? Were you on some kind of really special delivery? I thought you were just going down to Liscor for a while!”
Ryoka realized with a pang that she hadn’t told Garia about what she was going to do. She shook her head.
“It’s a long story. I’m not doing any deliveries at the moment; I’m actually with a friend.”
“A friend? You?”
Garia’s open face was a bit too shocked for Ryoka’s comfort, but she sat and Ryoka flagged down one of the barmaids—what was her name again?—and soon they were talking.
“Anything new happen? Where’s Fals?”
“Oh, he’s out on a delivery. Nothing’s new—unless—have you heard about Persua?”
Ryoka made a face.
“Tell me she’s dead.”
“No—actually—”
Garia broke off and sniffed at the air. Ryoka stopped and looked up too.
Something had changed. The odor of the inn, like background noise, had long since stopped sending active messages to Ryoka’s brain. But something had changed. The odor of slightly burnt meat had changed, and something new and fragrant was in the air. It made the mouth water, and it was coming from the kitchen.
“What’s that smell? Oh, did Jerom recover? He’s a good cook, although Miss Agnes who runs the inn right now isn’t so much.”
Garia looked guilty and glanced around for the innkeeper as she talked with Ryoka.
“I never expected you to come here. I stay here all the time because it’s cheap and Agnes is so nice, but the food isn’t that good. You can probably find a better place, Ryoka.”
“You’re telling me?”
