2.47
Page 5
The other girl stared at the bowl of steaming liquid and looked back at Erin.
“Why don’t you try it? Shouldn’t you do it if you’re the creator?”
Erin hesitated.
“Because…I don’t want to.”
“Well then, why should I try this stuff?”
“Aw, come on. It’s probably harmless. The flesh-test didn’t do anything.”
“That doesn’t reassure me. I could still get food poisoning or have a horrible reaction.”
“My [Dangersense] isn’t going off. That means it’s okay, I think. And Octavia said the Corusdeer horns aren’t poisonous or anything. Just…hot.”
Ryoka eyed the soup like someone watching a ticking time bomb slowly counting down.
“No.”
“Aw come on Ryoka, I dare you to eat it.”
Erin pushed the bowl onto the table. Ryoka pushed it away.
“I said no.”
“I double dare you.”
“No.”
“I triple dare you.”
“Erin…”
“I triple double dog dare you.”
“Stop.”
“I quadruple dog d—”
“Alright, fine. Shut up. I’ll try it.”
Ryoka grabbed the bowl and hesitated as she eyed the soup. Cautiously, she dipped a finger in and looked back at Erin.
“If I die—”
“You’re not going to die. Just try it!”
The other girl looked around and pointed to a wall.
“The healing potions are over there.”
“I know.”
“And Octavia’s neutralizing potion is there. It’ll take down most potions.”
“Ryoka, it’ll be fine! Just try it.”
The tall girl eyed the potion, sniffed it, sighed, and then reluctantly sipped a bit of the bowl. She instantly made a face.
“Hot!”
She licked her lips, paused to consider, and then swallowed some more.
“It tastes…good, actually.”
“Really?”
Erin smiled widely. Ryoka nodded as she drank the rest of the bowl.
“Whew. It’s hot. And it’s…staying…hot. Erin? What’s happening?”
Gingerly, Ryoka prodded at her stomach as Erin tried to explain.
“Corusdeer horns burn for a long time. I thought—you know, since this stuff is magical I could use it in a food to warm people up. Because…it’s so cold.”
Ryoka considered this. She prodded at her stomach and then shrugged.
“It doesn’t hurt. And the warmth seems like it’s spread out. I feel like I could walk outside naked without a problem. But it doesn’t feel bad…”
“Pleases don’t go nude.”
Both girls laughed. Then Ryoka grew silent. She stared at the pot of soup and then looked at her friend.
“Erin. Do you know what happened? Why did you suddenly vanish? Where did Toren run off to?”
She had an idea, but Erin didn’t want to say it out loud. Slowly, she nodded as her smile faded.
“I think he did something. I think he was the one who abandoned me in the middle of nowhere.”
Ryoka nodded. She let Erin stare into the fire for a few seconds before she asked her next question.
“…What are you going to do?”
Erin shrugged. She felt odd when she thought of what Toren had done. It was betrayal. She didn’t know why, or how—she hadn’t even thought he could do that. But when she thought of her skeleton deliberately leaving her to get lost or die, her heart hurt. She kept her voice low as she replied.
“I might have to kill him. Or—if he’s just disobeying orders, maybe Pisces can fix him? I need to ask Pisces. But if he’s dangerous, I’ll have to take care of him somehow.”
“Is that even possible? He seems immortal and he’s dangerous.”
“He’s not that strong. I mean, he’s a bit stronger than before, but if you break him into pieces you can keep him from coming back together.”
Ryoka nodded slowly. Erin smiled, bitterness mixed with ruefulness.
“I might need help, though.”
“That’s why I’m here, right? I’ll give you a hand.”
Gingerly, as though her face were unsure of how it all worked, Ryoka smiled. Erin smiled back.
“Wanna show Octavia the soup?”
