2.48
Page 20
Do forgive the wordiness. As you might have noticed, it’s my feature and also my flaw. But I get to pontificate because this is the end of a volume and I deserve a chance to talk, darn it. And tell you all how awesome you are.
Let’s go back to the start of this year, or even the start of this volume. Honestly, I wasn’t in a good place at that time, either in my head or work. I was working a part-time job as you might have known, and at times I felt like the sheer physical aspect of it would overwhelm me when I added the burden of writing a long chapter twice a week to it.
Too, I hated working part-time. I just wanted to write, and being self-employed was my dream. A distant dream, I felt. Back then I had no money in my Patreon, and my story was getting maybe 500 unique visitors a day on my best day. But I had a dream and I made myself a goal, which I even posted on this site. I said I’d become self-employed in the year and thought it would be the challenge of a lifetime.
I did the internal calculations and said to myself that I could keep working my hard part-time job and writing with the rest of my time. I could use up all the energy I had stored up, but if I didn’t become self-employed by December of 2017, I’d probably collapse. I was burning out, and this was my hope.
And then, five or six months later I realized my goal. I quit my job, and now I’m feeling better. Not amazing. Not yet, but better each day. That doesn’t mean I do backflips out of bed and have a huge smile every day; like all things I have my ups and down and some nights, like tonight, I’m up past 2 AM writing to finish a chapter. But I enjoy it. I like my new lifestyle, and I like this.
That’s why I have to thank you all, readers who donate, but even the readers who just read. You are the reasons I keep going, and each comment, each donation, or even each set of silent eyes helps me out. I hope I can continue writing and earning money for a while, but I’m grateful just for this.
Now, here’s where I get greedy. If you liked this story, please consider sharing it or recommending it to friends or on a site with people who might like this story if it’s not too much work for you. I always make this appeal at the end of a volume, frankly because I hate to self-promote and I wouldn’t trust me because I’m the author and I’m a biased source. And you all can do it better.
If you don’t feel like doing that, it’s fine. I’m happy where I am. But I do hope you comment if you think something horrible (in a friendly manner, let’s not be rude to anyone), or just comment if you like something. And I hope to keep entertaining you with this wild story, and getting better as a writer. For all you’ve done for me, I am very grateful.
To you all and Erin and Ryoka and all the rest, until this story ends…let’s go for an adventure in Volume 3.
…Coming Saturday. Uh oh. See you then and thanks for reading!
 
–pirateaba
 

