2.48
Page 17
He walked off the map and sat down with a sigh on a tiny stool.
“So, they’ve found another one, have they?”
It was only a matter of time. Niers smiled briefly; he loved being right. But what did it matter?
Everything? If they found the treasures within, perhaps. Maybe more of the puzzle? Doubtful. It just meant the ruins were old, and possibly had truly legendary guardians and rewards for those within. He wondered whether the city would survive the influx of treasure-seekers and monsters that would be attracted to the dungeon.
But did it matter to him? Niers wondered. He kicked aside the pieces of parchment and abandoned the map for the moment. He walked across the large war room table, and then stared at something that glittered in his vision.
It was a letter, an opened one. Niers had already read the contents of the letter, but he looked at it again. He couldn’t help it.
The envelope was a work of art in itself in truth. It smelled of lavender, and the gilded edges of the letter sparkled gold in the light of the tent. Niers glanced at it once, and then again. Then he looked at the chessboard sitting next to the map.
The ghostly pieces stood silent in the humid air of the tent. Niers sighed and went back to his fruit drink. He eyed the dripping sides of the glass and then drained half the drink in one go. He scowled and looked back at the chessboard.
The pieces didn’t move. They hadn’t moved for over two days now. That bothered Niers, although it shouldn’t have. He knew the other player had a life and duties. But having completed his latest set of battles, Niers had been looking forward to playing several games. Instead, the pieces had stopped moving one day, and though he’d waited hopefully, they hadn’t moved since.
They’d never been silent for this long. Niers didn’t know what it meant. Disaster? Or was the mysterious player bored of their game? Surely not. Were they hurt? Injured? Who were they?
He shook his head. But now Niers was irritated, and not even his cool drink was helping. A dungeon in Liscor. Adventure. A challenge. He couldn’t go there. That damnable letter he never should have opened, hinting, tantalizing. And the game, the one thing he wanted—silent.
Niers stomped over to the chessboard. He stroked his beard and scowled down at the pieces.
“Who are you? What piece of the puzzle am I missing?”
The pieces were silent. He wasn’t even in a good position in this game; he’d made a careless mistake and his opponent had happily punished him for it. But he’d been delighted because they were his equal. His better.
“Can you help me? Can I help you? Can I trust you? If we worked together—”
Niers broke off and shook his head. Speculation. That was all he had. If they returned to playing, he would know one thing.
If they returned. What if they were dying? He could find out who his opponent was. If he went—
But he had duties. Niers looked back at the map, then the letter, then the chess board.
He stared at the silent pieces, looked back again. Letter. Map. Chessboard. For once, the small [Strategist] was unsure of what to do.
 
—-
 
Erin sneezed. Once, and then twice. She wiped her nose on her sleeve and knew exactly what she had to do.
“I’m gonna get something else to eat. Ryoka, are you coming?”
The other girl looked up at Erin’s voice, but she didn’t respond right away. Erin shrugged and walked back into Agnes’ inn to get warm.
