2.48
Page 3
“It’s not that bad, surely?”
The flat look Wesle got from both Erin and Ryoka was echoed by several of the female members of the Watch. To Wesle’s credit, he realized when continuing would be a bad idea and raised his hands in surrender.
“Fine, fine. I understand you had a good reason. But was there really a need to damage them this badly?”
Behind him, one of the [Guardsmen] was trying to wake up one of the adventurers. But the man didn’t want to wake up, wisely perhaps, because his face was closer to the color of a plum than actual flesh.
“I dunno. They tried to hit me. I just hit them back better. It was a fight. Would you say the same thing if they hit me that much? What’s the problem?”
“I—never mind.”
Behind him, one of the guardswomen gave Erin a thumbs up. She smiled and waved back. Wesle looked resigned.
“So, are you gonna arrest us?”
Wesle hesitated, and then shook his head.
“It was a brawl, but Miss Agnes only leveled a complaint against the adventurers, not you. Moreover, there are laws against adventurers fighting civilians. They’d get in a lot of trouble if they threw the first punch, but you say you started it?”
Erin nodded.
“But one of them did draw his sword, correct?”
“For about two seconds. Then Ryoka kicked him and he dropped it.”
Wesle shifted his attention to Ryoka and eyed her dubiously. She eyed him back.
“You’re a City Runner, aren’t you? I’ve seen you entering the city quite often. You know your Guild prohibits fighting with adventurers, don’t you?”
Ryoka shrugged, unconcerned.
“I’ve heard of that. I was defending a friend.”
There probably was a rule against picking fights with adventurers, but Ryoka doubted anyone in the Runner’s Guild would enforce it. They’d probably celebrate any news of adventurers getting beaten up. And both she and Wesle knew it.
He threw up his hands.
“Fine. But I’m warning both of you: don’t do it again.”
“I won’t if people stop slapping my butt.”
“After today, I doubt anyone will try to do that.”
Ryoka shifted idly from one foot to the other. Her feet were getting slightly cold on the frozen cobblestones. Wesle looked back at her again.
“Do you need shoes, uh, Miss Ryoka? We have several good [Shoemakers] that I’m sure are open even at this time of night.”
“What? I’m fine.”
She’d almost forgotten that she was outside in a t-shirt and shorts and without shoes. Ryoka grinned at Wesle’s reaction.
“She drank this magical soup that I made. That’s why she’s outside in the cold.”
The [Guardsman] eyed Erin, but she looked so honest he just nodded as if he understood.
“Well, uh, I guess that concludes our business here. We’ll lock up those adventurers for the night and file a complaint with their guild about the incident.”
“Aw. Are you sure you have to go? Why not have a drink in the inn first? And food. I’ve been making food and everyone loves it! Have you ever heard of a hamburger?”
Ryoka glared as Wesle hesitated, clearly torn by the idea of a quick bite to eat and something to drink. Whether or not he would have abandoned his post for a few minutes was never resolved though, as a Street Runner suddenly skidded around the corner, nearly running over one of the adventurers being dragged by two of the [Guardsmen].
“Urgent message for all [Guardsmen] in the city!”
