2.48
Page 19
The Goblins were bad news, and Toren was gone, but Erin had hope. She’d been through worse. She could get through this. With Ryoka. Together.
Erin stood in her inn and breathed in. Slowly. The scents of spilled beer and cooked food filled her senses, along with the unpleasant odors of sweat and vomit. She stopped breathing so deeply. But she still felt good.
It wasn’t the right city; it wasn’t even the right inn. But she was there, and Ryoka was there. And so, just for a moment, it was home.
Inside the inn, Erin sneezed again.
 
End of Volume 2.
 
 
 
 
Author’s Note:
 
And here we are again. It’s been a long journey friends, and I think it might be longer than any of us had anticipated at the beginning. Are you still with me?
It’s an interesting thing, ending a book, or volume in this case. Did any of you predict this would be the chapter it happened? It might feel abrupt to you all, but I felt like this might have been a good time to do so.
I could have ended this story with Ryoka meeting Az’kerash, or after the Goblin Lord attacked. I could have ended it with her reaching Erin’s inn again, or after the healing process had begun, or even when Erin disappeared with Toren carrying her off into the snows. Or as Ryoka was about to meet Teriarch again. Or after Erin met Magnolia.
All those spots were good. But this felt to me like the best spot. Now Erin’s out of her inn, for the first time ever. Goblins are on the loose, everyone’s got secret plans and goals, and this world feels way bigger than before.
Way bigger. I mean, seriously. This volume has expanded Innworld a huge amount, and I can’t help feel happy and nervous about that. More people and characters mean richer interactions and a better plot, but it does put more pressure on me as an author.
Interestingly, I just read an interview with Robin Hobb about this very issue. She spoke of the trap fantasy authors fall into, where they build a huge world and watch it go crashing down because they can’t manage the world they’ve created. Will that happen with me and this story?
I dunno. I’d hate to go the way of the Name of the Wind series and to a lesser extent the Game of Thrones series (and even Half-Life 3) and stagnate due to the pressure and complicated plot web. But then again, I have an advantage all these other stories do not; I am writing a web serial, so I deliver regular chunks of information to you all without the need to make it into a book or wrap this up in a time frame. My only restriction is whether or not you’ll read what I’m writing. Honestly, I can’t believe anyone’s still with me after all of this.
The path we’re walking has gone astray, dear readers. We abandoned the simple road of dirt I cleared in my head a long time ago. The plot I set out has grown complex, and now we’re venturing into the deep forest, with branching paths and new people and ideas popping out at each step. But, believe it or not, we’re still following the general outline I laid out at the very start. The big things are still the same, and I’m advancing towards them slowly but surely.
That’s the theme of this volume. Everything becomes wider than the narrow worldview of the first, and with that new horizon comes my pledge to write as best I can without creating something that will drag on too long or become boring. There is an ending to this story, and I will walk towards it (or run if you all get bored).
