2.48
Page 6
“Yes, we will need at least six to complete our army. Fourteen would be ideal, but that would require far more harvesting than we have time for. Regardless I will test my new creation’s capabilities shortly. But for now, tell me my faithful servant, what has passed while I have been working.”
That was his only weakness, if Venitra would have admitted Az’kerash had any flaws at all. When he was focused on creating new undead, her master used his mind almost exclusively for that task, only devoting a small bit of it for other matters. Like that he could respond to basic questions and even defend himself if necessary, but he would be forced to awaken fully to use his full intellect on a problem. As a result, he was rather…single-minded during those times.
She bowed her head to him, prepared for the worst.
“My master. While you have slept, we your servants committed an unforgivable sin.”
“Really?”
Az’kerash’s eyebrows raised. He looked skeptically at the woman made of bones.
“I dislike theatrics Venitra. What did you fail to do?”
“We allowed an intruder into your personal quarters. A young woman.”
“Really? She made it past all of you?”
“She was not alone. A group of skilled Drake and Gnolls warriors followed her. They all died, but she eluded me and forced her way in here.”
“And did I kill her?”
Perril Chandler looked bored as he regarded his kneeling servant. Venitra hesitated, dreading this most of all.
“No. You let her go.”
The [Necromancer] froze.
“I did?”
Venitra looked miserably at the ground.
“In your wisdom, you must have seen something in her that I did not. She claimed to be a messenger…”
“Now I recall. Yes…I did talk with her.”
Az’kerash put his fingers on his temple and closed his eyes. When he opened them, his gaze was sharp.
“I recall now. Yes, she was a messenger. She delivered a gift from Teriarch.”
“The Dragon?”
Now worried, Venitra looked up. But Peril just smiled crookedly.
“It is of no significance. He gifted me a ring to celebrate my 200th year of existence. It might even be useful, but that was all.”
That news distressed Venitra almost as much as her failure. She spread her arms.
“We should have prepared gifts for you as well my master. The Chosen will immediately—”
“No.”
Perril Chandler raised a hand, and his brows now snapped together with realization. He looked back at Venitra, suddenly worried.
“Did you slay her? The messenger? I let her go because I was focused, but she should never have been allowed to live. Is she dead?”
“No, lord. We—”
“She escaped? With knowledge of this location?”
Suddenly, Az’kerash’s face twisted with sudden fury. Venitra knelt in fear as he paced back and forth in front of her, magical robe bursting into fragments of shadow where it touched the ground.
“She could undo a decade of preparation! If she forces our hand—”
The mage’s hands glowed with dark purple light. Venitra feared the worst, but then Az’kerash paused. As soon as the anger had come, it was gone.
“…No. If she were going to use that information, it would be too late in any case. I will scry the leaders of various cities. If they are not moving towards our location then we are safe.”
He laughed shortly and tugged a lock of hair.
“What a blunder. But I was so confident. That any mortal could penetrate the illusory forest, let alone bypass all of my guards so easily…”
Peril shook his head.
“Arrogance is my flaw; even now, it seems. Of course Teriarch would not send anything less than a Courier to do his bidding. And that old fool would insist upon delivering me a gift, even if we were mortal enemies.”
