2.48
Page 14
There were no monsters. No visible traps, and judging by the way Typhenous relaxed, no magic.
They were safe. And the dungeon was open.
For another second Halrac was tense, then he relaxed ever so slightly. Ulrien lowered his sword, and Revi and Typhenous walked forwards. They looked at each other and shared a smile. The tension wasn’t gone, but the worst was over.
Halrac had expected something to happen when the doors opened. He’d expected a monster or a warning spell or…something. But there was nothing. He nodded to Ulrien and walked towards the door. As a [Scout], he would go in first. His foot crossed the threshold of the dungeon. Ulrien felt something peculiar for a second, but then it was gone, like a bad memory.
He turned towards Typhenous, about to ask if anything magical had been triggered. And then he felt it.
Danger.
 
—-
 
Zel Shivertail stood in front of a jury of idiots. Technically, they were his peers, but he didn’t respect any of them.
They were the rulers of the Drake city-states, the Lords of the Wall who ruled the Walled Cities, and even Watch Captains of renown. He hated their guts.
They didn’t understand. They stood or sat as they preferred on the soft, elongated chairs that Drakes liked in the room they had chosen to judge his testimony. Wall Lord Ilvriss was standing next to him, but not with Zel. He had his own circle of authority and friends in this room.
Zel had precious few allies and more than a few enemies. But they had to hear his message. He glared around the room and raised his voice.
“As I’ve said, this Goblin Lord is the real threat. If we ignore him, he will become a Goblin King in time.”
A Lady of the Wall raised her voice. Her tail twitched irritably as she stood and spoke down to Zel.
“So you have said, Zel Shivertail. And we will create a coalition army to deal with the Goblin threat in due time. But I see no reason for our cities to form the grand alliance you suggest. We have and always will be independent bodies unto ourselves; Drakes do not hold hands like Humans.”
Several other leaders in the room sniggered at this. They fell silent as Zel glared at them. All of these powerful Drakes, and they acted like they were barely more than hatchlings at a playground.
“I don’t suggest that we ally just because of the Goblin Lord. But what about the Antinium? Are they any less of a threat? And Flos? Will you ignore his return or will you take my advice and do something before it is too late?”
“We have heard you make the same case every year, Zel Shivertail. Flos may have returned, but all reports claim he barely has an army, let alone a force powerful enough to threaten our lands.”
That came from a Watch Captain. Zel gritted his teeth and thrashed his tail on the stone floor. How would someone who defended a static wall understand the dangers of someone who moved armies around like Flos?
“His forces may be weak now, but give him time and he will be just as strong as before.”
Another dismissive voice.
“The Emperor of the Sands will crush him. The King of Destruction is a continent away, Zel Shivertail. He is not the threat.”
“That is what we said last time, right until his ships started landing on our shores!”
Zel raised his voice, but that did nothing. He controlled himself with effort.
“Then the Antinium. They grow stronger while we fight each other pointlessly. What about them?”
“If they dare to attack a third time, they will be destroyed. We have built our armies and cities, and we know how to fight them now. They may grow, but we will grow faster.”
