2.48
Page 18
Inside, people greeted her with cheers and she was immediately bombarded with requests for more food. Erin smiled and chatted, but she didn’t go into the kitchen right away, even though Agnes was hinting at it strongly. She wanted to talk with Ryoka, but the other girl just stomped over to her table silently, a forbidding look on her face.
Maybe she was still upset about the news about the Goblins? Erin didn’t know what to think about that. She hoped Rags and her little tribe was safe; they were in Liscor, right? Hopefully they’d keep their heads down.
She felt really uneasy and upset for some reason. Maybe she was feeling guilty about beating up the adventurers? No. Maybe. A tiny bit.
Then the sensation was gone. Erin frowned and rubbed her nose on her sleeve again. Good thing she’d gotten out of the cold. It was messing with her head.
Ryoka was shaking her head when Erin came over. The big girl she’d been with was in the bathroom, and Erin was slightly relieved; she’d looked sort of scared when Erin had introduced herself after the fight.
“Something wrong Ryoka? Ryoka?”
The other girl just looked at Erin, slightly haunted.
“We’re screwed, Erin. This news—we’re in it deep now.”
Erin frowned.
“We are? I mean, how do you know?”
Ryoka just shook her head. She spread her hands on the table and clenched them into fists. Erin’s gaze was drawn to her missing fingers. Ryoka studied them, and then looked at Erin.
“If there are Goblin warbands roaming the countryside, getting you back to Liscor safely will be a hundred times more difficult. I can’t protect you from them, and there could be thousands of them. There might be war here soon, and if that’s the case, not even Celum is safe. Maybe not even Liscor.”
Erin scratched her head. That did sound bad.
“Okay. But what can we do about it? I mean, we can’t do anything right now, right? So relax, Ryoka. It’s been a long day.”
“We can’t just take this easy, Erin! We have to think. We’re both in danger. You’re in danger!”
“I know. But you need to relax, Ryoka. We need to relax. Okay? We’re safe here, for now. Let’s worry about this when we’re more awake and we haven’t just been in a fight.”
Slowly, Ryoka looked at Erin and nodded. She seemed surprised, but Erin just smiled.
“Great. I’ll make us more food.”
The Asian girl half-smiled at Erin. Then her eyes flicked towards the door.
“Fine. Get ready to make some more food though; looks like you’ve got a crowd.”
Erin saw people were coming into the inn, lured by the noise, heat, crowd, and the recent fight. She beamed and stood up, opening the door for a surprised couple.
“Welcome to The Wandering Inn! Come in, have a seat; don’t mind the bodies. Can I get you anything to drink?”
The man in front stared at Erin in confusion. He looked at the woman by his side and then at Erin.
“I thought this was the Frenzied Hare? Did we come to the wrong inn? Or has it been sold?”
Erin blinked at him. Then she remembered she wasn’t in Liscor, and this wasn’t her inn. She turned slightly red.
“Oh. Oops.”
She stared at the man and woman. They stared back. Slowly, Erin opened the door wider.
“I’m uh, helping out. Come on in if you’re hungry. We’ve got hamburgers!”
After a moment of hesitation, the two did exactly that. Erin closed the door, and let the warmth of the room wash over her.
On this cold night, she felt alive. Happy, even. She was far from home, and lost, but she wasn’t lost. Ryoka was with her, and she had found something special with Octavia, even if the other girl was sort of a jerk.
