2.48
Page 8
The darkness of the cave was lit by the harsh glow that was practically unique in this world. The bright LED-illuminated screen of the copied iPhone made Teriarch’s ancient eyes hurt, but he had already learned to adjust the brightness. And he was too fascinated to worry about a little bit of pain.
“Hmm. Hm. And what does this button do?”
The old man that Teriarch used to disguise himself gingerly touched the screen of the iPhone. He hit the crossed arrows at the top of the screen marked ‘Shuffle’. Music immediately began playing.
Teriarch’s Human form raised his white eyebrows as fast drum beats began to echo throughout the cave. The Dragon blinked as a voice burst out of the iPhone.
“You change your mind like a girl changes clothes…”
For about five minutes Teriarch listened to the song in complete silence. Near the end he began tapping his claw against the marble floor. When the song was over he made his Human form stop the next song from playing.
“Fascinating. And what’s this song? Delightful that someone actually knows the word ‘bohemian’, but did a [Queen] truly sing this song? Perhaps I should have asked the Human to clarify…”
He was just about to play the next song when Teriarch looked up and scowled.
“Tamaroth’s beard! What now?”
He didn’t wait. The instant the pink butterfly materialized around his head, the Dragon snapped it at irritably. He glared at the magical image that filled the air.
“Reinhart. I’m busy.”
The bright and inappropriately cheerful voice in Teriarch’s ears and mind had not a shred of guilt in it.
“I do apologize, Teriarch. But you see, I’ve had a bit of an incident here and I need a bit of help.”
“What? What do you—oh.”
Teriarch paused as, in the image of Magnolia’s private room in front of him, she moved aside and showed him something. He frowned.
“That is a problem. You are well, I trust? Not injured in any place? They coat their blades in poisons as I recall.”
Magnolia’s tone was overly-patient as she replied.
“Yes Teriarch, I am fine.”
“Did you breathe in around them? That is to say, a lot of them use airborne toxins which can be odorless and colorless—”
“I did breathe, but I am assured that this will not affect my health unduly. Unless I stop. I am well, old man. But I need you to make sure my mansion is secure.”
The flat look Teriarch gave Magnolia didn’t impress her. He glared, but since that wasn’t working he cleared his throat and replied in an acerbic tone.
“First of all, I am not a simple magical detector for you to call upon as you please, girl. I am a Dragon, and should be treated as such. Moreover, have you forgotten the basic courtesies of your station, let alone your Class? We have much that could be discussed in civilized discourse. In fact, I had a rather unusual encounter this day—”
“Teriarch.”
This time the stress in Magnolia’s tone made an impact. Teriarch hesitated, about to continue, but gave in.
“Oh very well. Let me see.”
He muttered a few words and slapped his tail. Magical symbols and flashes appeared around his vision in quick succession. Teriarch eyed the dizzying spectacle as if it were normal, and nodded.
“Nothing but the usual enchantments. Also, there’s one more right outside your door—”
“I am aware. Thank you, Teriarch. We may need to speak later.”
“Why not now? I’ve found this most delightful—”
