2.48
Page 10
Theofore turned. His pale face went even whiter. Lying in the corner of the room was a pile of black rags. That was what it seemed to be at first glance, until you realized the rags were in fact two [Assassins], or what remained of them. They were very, very dead and still smoking slightly.
“I am not aware that my contract with the Assassin’s Guild had expired. Oh, and it’s quite odd that you didn’t notice that when you came in. Aren’t [Assassins] supposed to be aware of everything in the room? I suppose you were just…preoccupied.”
Theofore didn’t reply immediately. He was still staring at his dead fellows. Magnolia lightly cleared her throat and he jumped and looked at her.
“Lady Reinhart—I have no idea why either of these two would make an attempt on your life. Please let me assure you I had no knowledge—”
He cut off as Lady Magnolia raised one of the fingers on her teacup. She shook her head slightly.
“The [Assassins] were not after me. They came for the young men and women under my protection. What, pray, do you know of that?”
Theofore’s face was the face of someone trying to be as open and honest as possible. He spread his hands.
“I know nothing of that, my lady. I am not highly ranked in the Guild.”
Lady Magnolia sighed. She frowned slightly.
“No, you are not, are you? Well then, as it stands I have two dead [Assassins] in my mansion, a bunch of frightened young men and women, and a mystery. I hate mysteries. So you will clear this up for me by delivering a message to your Guild: I require an immediate response. Until the Guild chooses to reveal to me why this occurred, all the [Assassins] your Guild has provided me will be sent back, and I will regard any of your number approaching me or any of my estates, servants, or allies as an enemy and deal with them as such.”
Licking his lips, Theofore looked from the [Assassins] back to Magnolia before replying carefully.
“I can assure you Lady Reinhart, the Guild would never seek to go to war with a member of the Five Families—”
“I’m sure they wouldn’t. But unless I receive a satisfactory answer, it is I who shall go to war with them.”
What Theofore could have used at this moment was a handkerchief to mop up all the sweat running down his forehead and back. Lacking that, he used a dark sleeve.
“I hope you will not make any sudden decisions, Lady Reinhart. I am sure my Guild would not wish to engage in hostilities with you a second time. Once again, I can assure you—”
A brief wave cut him off. Lady Magnolia stood up suddenly, and Theofore flinched again. She stared down at him coldly.
“Enough. You have your message. Go back to your guild. Ressa, throw young Theofore out, please.”
Ressa did as instructed. Theofore had only a second to scream. Magnolia paused in the newfound silence of the room.
“I do believe you threw him out the window, Ressa, my dear. The door would have sufficed.”
“You didn’t specify, milady. And he is alive.”
“True. Oh, and he’s already running. Young people are so commendably quick, don’t you think?”
Lady Magnolia sighed as Ressa closed the window. She rubbed at her brows and drank more deeply of her sugary beverage.
“[Assassins]? In my mansion? And they knew about the children from the other world? How, Ressa?”
The [Maid] only shrugged as she stared at the window, following Theofore’s progress. Magnolia mumbled to herself as she poured herself another cup of tea.
“Is it the Circle of Thorns again? Please tell me it’s not. That nightmare took my great grandmother’s entire life to sort out and we can’t have it now. At least we know it isn’t Lord Tyrion’s doing.”
