2.48
Page 7
Slowly, he turned back to his kneeling servant, and walked over to Venitra. The undead woman shuddered as he touched her.
“I have erred, Venitra. I fear I must call upon you to rectify my mistakes.”
“It is my purpose, lord.”
Az’kerash nodded slowly. He studied Venitra and nodded.
“Take one other of the Chosen and locate this Runner, this Human girl. You remember her face? Of course you do. Track her down; follow her trail. To that purpose, Ijvani or Oom would be best suited to accompany you.”
Venitra nodded and sprang to her feet. She was already considering the journey and all the variables, from where to start her search to the best way of killing the Human when they found her. Slowly and painfully of course, but in a way that would allow them to hide the body.
“Venitra.”
Her master stopped her with a word. He studied her and shook his head.
“I need not impress on you the importance of this mission, but I will do so anyways. The Runner must not speak of what she knows, but if she has truly kept my secret…Couriers are famous for taking no sides, or at least they were when I was young. It might be she can be bargained with.”
He closed his eyes, thinking. Venitra waited for his commands even as she longed to tear the Human girl’s head off with her bare hands.
“In that case, I will count on you to exercise your own judgment. I will look through your eyes if the need arises, but if I am preoccupied or my spells are blocked, you must decide whether you will be able to slay her or whether the cost will be too high. I place my trust in you, Venitra. Know that.”
Venitra nodded. She almost trembled with her master’s faith in her. She strode out the door as Az’kerash watched, her feet thundering down the stone hallway as she broke into a run.
“So eager. But at least she has the artifacts to aid in her stealth.”
Perril Chandler sighed and gritted his teeth, admonishing himself for his failure now that he was alone. But he quickly put his self-recriminations aside and considered the ramifications of this new information instead.
If it came to war, he was ready. It would be soon, but he could begin. If not…then he would have more time. The armies that could be brought to bear against him didn’t worry Az’kerash so much as one thought.
“Teriarch.”
The Dragon. His gift fit perfectly in line with his character and what Az’kerash knew of Dragons. And yet, the messenger had slipped past even his elite undead. Just for a delivery? And Peril dimly remembered that two armies had been engaged in combat in the forest near his home. And then they had gone and fought the Goblin Lord…
Was it all coincidence? It might be; stranger things had happened by pure chance. But what if it were not?
“If it were not mere happenstance that he sent her…Teriarch. Are you taking sides at last, old one? If so, whose?”
Az’kerash stood in the dark room, ignoring the lumbering beast by his side. His deathly eyes stared out into the darkness as he considered sending a message to his apprentice. But it would be more interesting to let that one run free a little while.
And yet, Teriarch was a true concern. Even more than the Hives. If he should act…
The Necromancer stood in his castle, sensing his minions as two left in search of a Human girl. He stood and stared into the darkness.
Pondering.
 
—-
 
