3.00 E
Page 11
But the skin? And the things those kids said? What could that—
Bah. What am I, a detective? The answer is no, because I can barely solve a Sherlock Holmes mystery, let alone figure out those stupid wire puzzles. And Durene deserves respect from me, if no one else.
She’ll tell me when she’s ready.
 
Day 6
 
“I need a class.”
That was what I told Durene when she woke up in the morning. I get up before she does; not that either of us are late sleepers. We’re both morning people actually, although I tend to function just as well in the dark as in the light for obvious reasons.
But I do like to hear the birds sing and feel the sunlight on my face. I don’t mind relaxing for an hour or two by myself in the mornings. As Zoe once told me, I’m the chillest blind guy she knows, which is to say I’m the only blind guy she knows. She knows a blind girl—Teresa, but she and I don’t get along.
I hate Teresa.
Durene is silent for a long moment after I tell her this. We made doughy crepes this morning and added some wild berries, but she stops eating them now.
“Why?”
“Isn’t it what people do in this world? You told me no one you know didn’t have a class.”
“That’s true. But…”
I wait, yet no further thought comes. I explain myself while I try to see what’s making her upset.
“I’ve put a lot of thought into it, and I need to have a class to survive in this world. I can’t just rely on your goodwill forever.”
“But a class—that means you’d go and get a job, right? You’d…leave.”
Oh. Oh. I feel like an idiot.
“I don’t want to be a burden, Durene. I’m already making you sleep outside and now you have to feed two mouths.”
“That’s not a problem!”
The table shifts as Durene moves. She apologizes, and then her tone changes, becomes more pleading.
“I don’t mind the grass! I don’t! And you eat a lot less than I do. I wouldn’t mind you staying! I…like having you around.”
What do I say? What do I do? Whatever it is, it must be something that won’t break her tender heart.
“You know I have a home, Durene, and a family. They’re probably worried sick about me. I want to get back to them.”
I can almost feel her drooping at the other side of the table. I clear my throat and go on.
“But I do enjoy staying here with you. If you’re sure I won’t be a burden, I’d love to stay here. I just mentioned a class because it’s fascinating, really.”
“You’ll stay here? You’re sure?”
It’s not pathetic how eager she sounds, how hopeful. It’s heartbreaking. Who left this girl alone? I nod.
“I doubt there are many jobs for a blind person in your world anyways. Unless I can learn magic? I’d love to learn that.”
“I don’t know. I’ve heard of spellbooks, but I don’t know if mages learn any other way.”
I make a face, mildly outraged as I eat more crepe. Even in this world I’m handicapped by a lack of braille books? And I very much doubt there’s any kind of audio spellbook.
“Well, that idea’s out. I guess I’ll have to sleep on it.”
Then I have another idea. I suggest it to Durene as I help her wash the pottery dishes. She doesn’t use soap, but hot water works pretty well. She can tolerate the heat far better than I, though. But her hands are clumsier, so we both work slow.
“Why don’t you show me around your village?”
Durene nearly drops the cup she’s holding. I push it back into the bucket of water just in time; the splash gets water all over my clothes.
“What’s wrong? I haven’t introduced myself, and I’m sure they’re curious about me.”
“I—I wouldn’t want to bother you.”
“It’s fine. I like meeting people. Besides, I have to meet them sooner or later, don’t I?”
“I guess.”
 
Day 8
 
