3.00 E
Page 3
“Is that near a city? I was in San Francisco just now and I have no idea how I got here.”
Another pause.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t know where that is. Is it a big city?”
“Very big. What’s the biggest city near here?”
“That would be Bells. It’s over thirty miles away, though.”
“…Is that anywhere in America?”
“America?”
…
This is probably just a dream. Or a mental breakdown, although the psychiatrist my mom hired gave me a clean bill of health for the last few years. This is any number of things, but what I really want, a tiny bit, is for this to be real.
“Sorry Durene, I’m going to go out on a limb here, but…could you tell me what the year is? And what nation I’m in?”
“Nation? Year? I—don’t keep track of the years. I think we’re around 22 A.F.? And, um, we’re not in a nation. No one rules Riverfarm but the village head.”
“Oh my god. I am in another world.”
“What?”
“I must be. Durene, do I look…unusual to you?”
A pause. I can feel her drawing slowly closer. I can’t tell, but I think she’s looking me over.
“Well…you dress a bit oddly. You have unusual clothing. There’s a strange symbol of a triangle on your shirt. It looks…colorful.”
I smile, a tiny bit. Being blind means my fashion sense is a bit skewed. I know I’m wearing shorts and a t-shirt, apparently with a logo of the Illuminati eye on it. Zoe told me it looked good, but I have reason to doubt her fashion sense.
“Have you ever seen anything like it before?”
“Not so vividly. Are you a noble? A merchant who sells fabric?”
“No. I’m just blind. And I think—yeah, I think I’m very far from home.”
“Oh. I’m so sorry.”
I shrug.
“It’s not your fault. I think. If it is, I’d love an explanation?”
“What? No! I’d never—”
She’s so easily distressed. That makes me feel a bit guilty.
“I’m sorry. It was a joke.”
“Oh.”
What to say? I’m usually a decent conversationalist. Or at least, I can always find something to talk about even if it’s not well received.
“I heard you crying. Are you alright?”
“Me?”
I’ve heard of a blush as well. Based on people’s descriptions and the one time I touched someone while they were blushing, I imagine heat filling their face. That’s certainly how it feels to me, and I suspect, Durene at the moment.
“It—it was nothing. I was just upset, that’s all. I didn’t think anyone was around.”
Her voice is rough with emotion. I pause, but why not follow this? There’s nothing to be gained from holding back. I learned that a long time ago.
“It’s fine if you don’t want to speak about it. But if you want to talk—”
“No.”
I nod. But I can feel her hesitating. So I wait.
“Someone called me a name. That’s all.”
“Ah.”
So many years, so much feeling can go into a single word. I face in her general direction, and I know she’s looking at me. And then I hear something funny.
Rumbling. Gurgling. A massive stomach. And I remember I do have something in one of my hands. I smile even as I sense Durene shifting and presumably, blushing.
“Durene, would you like to share this quiche with me?”
“Are you sure?”
“Why not? Let’s sit and talk. You seem like a nice person.”
I sit down on the ground. After a second, I sense someone sitting next to me. I don’t have a fork, but it’s no trouble to lever the quiche out of the tin container and break it apart. I give the bigger section to Durene over her protests and we eat and sit and talk.
That was how I met Durene, and my introduction to another world. As I said, I would have liked to eat my quiche first. It was only lukewarm at that point, but at least the company was nice.
 
Day 2
 
