3.00 E
Page 2
Is it a person? I listen hard. Contrary to public belief, being blind does not confer supernatural senses to me. I just use what I have more efficiently. I can sort out the sounds—yes, someone’s crying. They’ve got a deep voice which is why it sounded so odd. And they’re hiccuping.
I already feel a bit sympathetic for this person caught in their grief, although the thumping aspect I don’t like. If they’re hitting that tree, then I’m listening to it splinter from the impacts.
But there’s no helping it. I stand up and raise my voice.
“Hello? Is anyone there? Are you okay?”
Immediately the crying stops. I hear what sounds like the intake of breath. I call out again, turning towards where I heard the person.
“I think I’m lost. I’m sorry, but could I ask you for some help?”
“Help? I’m coming!”
It is a person! I never thought that would be the highlight of my day. But not only is it a person, it’s apparently a female person. At least, that’s what she sounds like. But she has a very deep voice; not that I object to that. Her voice sounds soothing.
Immediately after she speaks, the mysterious person runs over to me. I hear her crashing through branches as she makes a beeline in my direction.
“I’m here! What’s the prob—oh!”
Her footsteps make the ground tremble just a bit as she walks closer. I hold my ground and sense her as best I can.
Heavy. She’s definitely that. And big; that’s my general impression. And she smells. Not bad per se; but she smells…not exactly normal, I guess is the best way I could describe it. She’s certainly perspiring a bit, but that’s not unpleasant.
And then she speaks again, and I hear the worry in her tone. Her voice is deep but smooth, and she has good diction; it’s rare to hear someone enunciate as well as she does.
“I’m here. Are you lost, stranger? Are your eyes hurt? You have them closed.”
“What? No. I’m—”
I lift my cane a bit and I can feel her recoil backwards. I hear her take a step back. Did she think I was going to hit her? I lower the cane and raise a hand.
“I’m sorry. I’m blind. This is my walking cane.”
“You can’t see?”
The voice sounds shocked. She didn’t recognize my cane, either. It’s pretty universal—am I really in another world?
“Not at all. I can’t see you, but I can hear you.”
An intake of breath. I feel like whoever’s standing in front of me is huge; or at least their lungs are.
“You can’t see my face?”
“No. Is something wrong?”
Silence. And then—
“No. Nothing’s wrong.”
I smile. I’m not sure if I’m smiling at her, but it helps. It always does.
“That’s good. I heard you and didn’t want to interrupt, but I am in a bit of trouble. My name is Laken Godart.”
I offer my hand, and I sense hesitation. But then a hand engulfs mine.
A big hand. But it gives my hand such a delicate squeeze that I barely feel a thing.
“My name is Durene. How did you end up here, Mister Laken?”
Mr. Laken? How odd. Is there any country I know of that uses that kind of title? I smile ruefully.
“I’m not quite sure how I got here. I was at a mall, and I must have turned the wrong corner? Something happened because I was suddenly walking around here.”
“Mall? I’ve never heard of that town. I’m sorry.”
My eyebrows shoot up. Either she’s a brilliant actor and this is the greatest simulation of all time, or she’s serious.
“Can you tell me where I am?”
I think she nods. I’ve been told people do that a lot although I only understood the gesture after someone showed me exactly what they were doing with their head.
“You’re near the village of Riverfarm. In the forest, actually.”
Riverfarm? At least I was right about the forest bit.
