3.00 E
Page 4
When I woke up, I once again confirmed that I was in another world. I didn’t freak out.
That mildly surprised Durene, when she found I was up and quietly exploring her house. She lives in a rather large house next to a stream. I can’t imagine it as a whole yet, but my exploration and her descriptions of the building give me the sense of a building of wood and rough stone, but carefully patched to avoid the elements or nature getting in. The stone floor is only slightly rough on my bare feet, and the lone window has no glass.
In short, this is a medieval building, and from what Durene told me in our hours-long chat yesterday, this is a medieval world. With magic. And only a limited grasp of technology. She was amazed to see my fiberglass cane; she exclaimed over the material as if it were alien to her world, which it was, in a sense.
Now I sit at a table, feeling like a midget in the chair Durene put me in while she clatters around the kitchen. I can smell something cooking, and it sounds like she’s making eggs. The scent of warm bread is already filling my nostrils.
“Here you are, Mister Laken. I’m sorry it’s a bit burnt.”
“It smells delicious. And call me Laken.”
I hear and feel the big plate being placed in front of me. After cautious exploration with a fork I find the eggs—only slightly runny—and the toasted bread. Yes, it’s crunchy, but it is quite good, and I tell her so.
“Thank you for letting me sleep here. I think I took your only bed. I’m sorry about that.”
“Oh, no! It’s nothing. And I like sleeping outside.”
“Pretty liar.”
Well. I think that’s the first time I’ve ever startled someone into silence so quickly. I hear her shifting, clearing her throat, and then she bursts out.
“Aren’t you worried?”
I raise my eyebrow. I have no idea if it looks good, but friends assured me it did, and I fell in love with the idea after reading a story where the main character did it to great effect.
“About what?”
“Well, you said you’re lost. Alone. In another…another world? How are you so calm?”
That makes me smile. I may act calm, but I spent a good bit of last night while Durene was snoring outside freaking out and trying to affirm I really wasn’t hallucinating. I have a sore arm from all the times I’ve pinched myself.
“What’s the point of freaking out? I’m more excited than anything else, actually. I’m in another world, one with magic. There’s no magic where I come from.”
“But you told me you have so many strange things. Like these ‘cars’ and ‘malls’. It sounds amazing.”
“I’m surprised you believe me, to be honest. If I heard someone talking about my world, I’d assume they were crazy.”
“But you make it sound real. And that stick you have which folds up—”
Another miraculous invention by her standards. I think it was actually that which convinced Durene I was from another world. That, and my iPhone. I think Siri scared Durene more than anything else.
Yes, it turns out I have no wireless, and without battery I turned Siri off to save energy. But having an iPhone, even one with limited power, is amazingly useful in a survival situation, which is what I find myself in.
So is having a friend. I smile at Durene.
“I don’t think my world is that special. But I am glad you found me, Durene. I’ve always found that I can trust most strangers.”
Another pause. Another hypothetical blush.
“Really? But you can’t even see—and you just trusted me to help you. I could be—”
She pauses.
“Someone bad.”
“But you’re not. And I have a good sense for people, or at least, I like to think so. You seem like a very nice person, Durene.”
