3.00 E
Page 7
“Easy as anything. Don’t worry; even if you can’t see, there’s no way to cut yourself like this, see?”
“I do! That’s incredible!”
“It’s not. Really. Now, let’s get to work on the rest of those potatoes, okay?”
“Okay. The chopped potatoes are…here. We boil them?”
“That’s right. Is the water boiling? And you added the salt? Put them in. They’ll go there for about four minutes, okay? Now. Where’s the pan?”
“I put the oil in.”
“Now the potatoes. Flat side down. There. Doesn’t that sound good?”
The sizzling oil makes my stomach wake up. I smile as I hear Durene clumsily sliding the sliced potatoes around the pan.
“Is it crispy golden brown? Okay, let’s reduce the heat. Now…a bit of butter. Just a bit…and the rosemary…doesn’t that smell delicious?”
“It does! It does!”
Success. We sit down and Durene eats her food as if it’s the best food she’s ever had. Apparently, it is.
“I’ve never cooked anything like that before. Do you have a Skill? You must!”
“I wouldn’t call it skill. I just learned from a great chef.”
Thank you Gordon Ramsay. I might not be able to see them cook, but I do love chefs who tell me exactly what they’re doing.
“Are you a [Chef]? Is that your class?”
That’s an odd way of putting things. I shrug, a bit embarrassed.
“I wanted to be a professional chef, and then a professional food critic when I was younger. I gave up on that when I found out someone else had already become blind Masterchef. And, it has to be said, I’m not that good at cooking.”
“But this—”
“It’s not nearly as good as something professional chefs can make, believe me. And you did all the hard work.”
“You know so much, though.”
I want to squirm a bit with embarrassment.
“I just studied a lot of different professions, that’s all. Chef, food critic…at one point I wanted to be a billiards player, but that’s not actually possible. I wanted to do anything that wasn’t boring, so I tried a lot of things.”
“That’s so amazing. So much better than I am.”
I think she’s staring at me. I can feel her proximity towards me. Her voice is also much more intent—she sounds fascinated. I can’t help but smile.
“You’d be surprised what you can pick up if you work at it. Forget cooking—I once disassembled and reassembled an old computer by hand. That’s…like a complicated device.”
“I wouldn’t know. I…I only have the [Farmer] class.”
There it is again. Class? I frown.
“Classes? Do you mean jobs? You mean, you get assigned a job?”
“No. I’m just a [Farmer]. Level 6. Do you not have classes in your world?”
“Oh wow.”
Is it obvious? Did I not notice it because I can’t see? But Durene assures me she doesn’t have her class and level floating above her head like an MMORPG. Even so, my mind is blown because now I realize I’m in a video game. Or something like a video game.
“You mean, you played games with the fates of people?”
“No! It was all just pretend. But it’s exactly like how you’re describing your world.”
“Oh.”
We sit together, in her garden, talking. By this point Durene and I are comfortable enough to sit closer than before, and yes, she is tall. I’m not short myself; apparently I’m around 184 cm, or around 6’1’’ for people using the horrible US measuring system, but Durene is at least a head higher than I am. Possibly bigger; she hunches over as we talk.
And she is huge. And conscious of that; she treats me even more like a glass object than people who just know I’m blind. I am grateful in her case, though; it does feel a bit like a giant is keeping me company.
Hmm. A giant?
