3.00 E
Page 8
One last detail: Durene’s skin is rougher than normal. Her inside palm is fairly smooth, if callused, but the few times I brushed against the outside of her skin, it was surprisingly rough and even felt cracked in places.
Odd. But she is a great listener, and we sit together long into the night. I tell her stories, and she tells me of this world. Magic and adventurers and a gaming system.
Dinner that night is marinated mushrooms, again thanks to me marathon watching Ramsay videos. It’s good that I remember so many vegetarian dishes; Durene likes meat, but it is apparently a rare delicacy for her, despite the pigs she introduced me to earlier today.
We don’t have any vinegar, but Durene’s garden is plentiful, and everything is so high quality that we barely need any seasoning to make it go down. Fresh water from the stream completes the meal, and Durene eats four times what I do. Good thing we made a lot.
Sometimes I wish I could see. I have no idea what it would be like, and usually I don’t ever care. But when I’m having a bad day or I’m frustrated and wish things were easier, I wish I could see.
But now, I just want to see her face. Even though it seems like Durene is self-conscious about it.
I wonder why. I wonder as I tuck myself into her bed and listen to her snoring outside.
At least I know she’s not a Troll. The ones from the Hobbit turn into stone in the morning, don’t they? Maybe people just grow really big in this world.
Maybe. But she’s still a good person, regardless.
 
Day 3
 
Apparently, one of Durene’s obsessions is fish. Understandably so; she can’t catch much game and she sells most of her pigs rather than eat them. Her occasional chicken only comes when one dies, and as I’ve observed, she has trouble cooking even the most basic of meals.
But fish? Fish is hard to get wrong, and Durene has a crude fishing rod that she tries to catch fish at the stream with almost every day. Apparently, she has little success and I figure out why quite soon.
“You need some bait that wriggles. Worms are better. And you’re moving the line too much. Let the fish bite before you pull it out of the water. See? Patience is key.”
It’s amazing. But no one’s ever taught Durene this, and she observes me fishing with rapt attention. I feel—
I feel happy to teach her, and supremely annoyed no one ever taught her something as simple as this. Do people in her village not know how to fish?
Or is there another reason why she lives alone?
I get half my answer after I yank the second small fish out of the stream, much to Durene’s delight. I hear voices, laughter; the sounds of several children. And then I hear the voices.
“Freak! Come out, Freak!”
Beside me, on the grass, Durene goes still. I pause, the crude clay mug Durene gave me half full as I scoop water out of the stream.
“Where is she? Freak!”
I hear merry laughter, running, shouts of joy at odds with the words and tone in the childrens’ voices. It doesn’t take them long to find us.
“Freak! Freaky freak! Fr—who’s that?”
I turn my head as the sounds of running feet stop. I counted…six kids? All young; probably around ten. Mostly boys, although there’s one girl in there. They pause uncertainly.
“This is Laken. He’s a stranger to these parts.”
Durene tries to explain. I smile and introduce myself, but the instant the children discover I’m blind, respectfulness vanishes.
“He’s blind!”
“A freak! Freak’s gotta friend!”
“Freaks!”
Is there something in the water here? Or is it just them? I frown at the kids.
“That’s not a word you should be using about Durene.”
“But she’s a freak!”
