3.00 E
Page 6
“No problem. This way—oops! Let me just push this aside—the door’s over here.”
She’s very considerate. Normally people have a hard time directing me, but she’s gotten the hang of it quite quickly. She lets me grab onto her arm—I can feel her muscles rippling every time she shifts—and she walks forwards at a reasonably fast pace.
It’s not as if I have trouble moving around, and I can sense whether she’s walking up an incline or stepping around something. It’s natural to me, and once I explained that to Durene she got the trick of it quickly.
Her bathroom is an outhouse located outside of her home and a ways away from the stream. She has to wait at a respectful distance afterwards, but I don’t take long. There’s only one problem.
“Do you have any toilet paper? Uh, anything to wipe with?”
“I’ll get some leaves!”
“Leaves? Hello? Durene?”
It turns out toilet paper is a luxury so rare Durene’s never heard of it before. But the leaves she gives me are serviceable, and my butt doesn’t complain too much.
The outhouse is definitely an outhouse in the sense that I know there’s no water below me as I toss the leaves down. But it smells nice; Durene’s put some fragrant herb there to chase away the smells. I say as much as I leave.
“Your home seems very nice, Durene. I’m envious.”
“It’s nothing special. It’s really not. It’s—crude.”
“I don’t think so. But uh, do you have anywhere I can wash up? And some soap?”
“Soap?”
It takes me a while to get across the basic idea of hygiene to Durene. That’s my first worry. But she boils some hot water for me and when I’m reassured it’s not scalding, I use that.
“You really need to wash your hands, Durene. In my world, countless people died in the past because they didn’t keep themselves clean enough.”
“Really?”
It’s amazing, flattering, and humbling how Durene takes all my statements at face-value. I tell her about the Black Plague, and within minutes she’s swearing up and down to buy some soap the next time someone goes into town.
Before I know it, it’s lunch-time. I could certainly use something to eat, and Durene takes me around the garden, letting me feel the growing plants and the bunch of potatoes she yanks up.
But then we hit a problem. Durene goes into the kitchen to cook them while I sit outside and listen. But after twenty minutes I know something’s wrong. I can hear her trying to be quiet, but the clattering and the burnt smell can’t be so easily hidden.
“Is everything okay? Durene?”
“I—I’m sorry.”
There’s a catch in her voice when she comes out and tells me she’s ruined the potatoes. I don’t get it, but if there was a fire alarm in her house it would be blaring. She doesn’t even let me inspect the ruined food; apparently it’s so burned she just dumped it outside for the pigs.
“I can’t cook potatoes. I’m sorry. I normally eat them raw.”
“Well, we can’t have that. Let me help you.”
“Help? But you—”
“I can’t see, but I can cook. Come on!”
I reach out and touch her arm. It’s a big arm, and she recoils instantly. But I soothe her and guide her back to the kitchen.
It’s an odd thing, cooking while mainly instructing someone else. Odd, but fun. Only for me at first, but then Durene gets into it.
We make sautéed potatoes. It’s an easy recipe, but I have to show Durene how to cut properly at first. I hear her cut herself twice before I realize her form is off.
“Like this, see? If you’re cutting leaves like this rosemary—do it like this.”
Durene gasps, but I place the knife at my knuckles and roll it across the cutting board, slowly slicing the herbs into small slices.
