3.00 E
Page 10
“Everyone gets called names. I’m just an easier target since I can’t see anything coming. Then again, I get it. When you’re a kid, anything weird is a target. Anything different or scary…it’s easier to shout insults than get to know the person. That doesn’t mean I think what those brats did was right, of course. Next time one of them calls you names, hit him. Or just call him names as well.”
“I couldn’t hit anyone! And I’m not good with insults.”
“What? Insults are easy. Come on, try one. Call me something.”
“I—I don’t know. What would I even call them?”
“Unexploded pimple? Pitiful asshat? Cowardly mushroom? Insults can be anything you want them to be.”
The laugh that comes out of Durene is more like a bark of amusement, but it’s genuine and real.
“Tell you what. Let’s grill up these fish and I can teach you some of the really pithy insults I’ve heard of, okay? You might want to cover your ears though; some of them could make a sailor blush.”
She laughs delightedly and I smile again. It’s a better day, despite the kids. And the fish isn’t even burnt this time.
 
Day 5
 
I find myself spending almost all my time with Durene day by day. She’s an open person and easy to talk to; she likes listening more than she likes speaking, but she can break down this strange world into easy-to-understand fragments for me.
She’s in the middle of giving me a history lesson about some version of Alexander the Great when I hear a shout. I’m ready for the kids this time, but to my surprise, only one comes running.
“Durene! The wagon’s lost a wheel! Come and lift it, our Da says!”
“What? The wagon? I’m on my way!”
Durene jumps to her feet with amazing agility, and then hesitates.
“I have to go help, Laken. Will you be okay? I can take you there—”
“I’m fine. Go. I’ll be okay until you come back.”
Again, being blind is not like being porcelain. I let Durene run off with the kid and think of what to do. Twenty minutes later, Durene thunders back to the cottage looking for me.
I’m fishing.
“Durene. You’re back. Is everything okay?”
She smells a bit of hay and some other animal scent. And a bit more of that musky odor that’s probably her sweat. I hear her clear the stream in one jump.
“Everything’s fine. I helped Mister Prost with his wagon; that’s all. The axle of the wheel broke, so he had Finnon go get me.”
“Huh. Do they always call on you for help? It seems like they’d need a team of people to move a busted wagon.”
She shifts next to me. Uncomfortably? It’s surprisingly easy to tell when someone’s hiding something even if you can’t read their face.
“Oh—it wasn’t that hard. I just had to help lift it up a bit, that’s all.”
She doesn’t even sound winded. But she ran off and came back in less than ten minutes and helped a farmer put a new wheel on a wagon?
Odd. Odd, odd, odd, odd…
“You do repairs often, then? That’s pretty handy of you.”
“Well, I don’t have a class. But if they need help lifting or, you know, raising a barn—”
“Gotcha. So how bad is the damage?”
“They’ll have to fix it later, but it looks like it was just the axle that went. I just got the wagon back to their home so they could give old Evera a rest. She’s their plow horse and she gets tired quickly.”
Okay, so she pulled a wagon which might or might not have been full of produce an unspecified distance. Hmm.
It could just be her class. Durene said she was a Level 6 [Farmer], but she has one [Enhanced Strength] skill already. Apparently that makes her way stronger than normal; when I asked her to demonstrate, she lifted me up with one hand as if I was a feather.
