3.00 E
Page 13
“I think I’ll become an [Emperor]. Do you know if I have to declare that? Or is it just doing something that gives you the class?”
Durene choked on her eggs and I had to listen to her splutter for a while before any coherent words came out.
“That’s impossible! Laken! What are you saying?”
“I’m going to be an [Emperor]. It seems like the easiest class for me to take, and perhaps I’ll gain some useful skills.”
Honestly, it was the first class that came into my mind as a viable option. But Durene told me flat out it was impossible. I told her she was wrong.
“You can be an [Emperor], Durene. You can, and I can.”
“It’s not possible! To do that—you’d need a kingdom, and a palace and white horse and—and—”
Her voice trails off, unable to even describe my folly. I can only smile.
“But you can, Durene. I know of a man, an ordinary man, who became an Emperor. All by himself, although he was poor and he had no palace or horse.”
“Really? Who?”
There’s skepticism, but curiosity and eagerness in her voice in equal measure. She always loves stories from my world. This one puts a grin on my face even as I speak.
“He was known as Emperor Norton the 1st of America. He was a real man who became an Emperor just by calling himself one. I always loved his story.”
“Emperor? But you said America has no rulers. Only someone with the [President] class.”
My explanations of how my world works might have gotten a bit jumbled. I shake my head.
“That’s true. But Norton didn’t care what the rules were. One day, he declared himself Emperor. And he lived and died acting as one.”
It’s an amazing story, and one I have to struggle to do justice to. How can I explain to Durene the tale of Joshua Norton, a failed businessman who one day woke up and sent letters to every newspaper in San Francisco proclaiming himself as the Emperor of the United States?
Well, sort of like that, actually.
“He made proclamations and sent orders to the army—none of which were ever obeyed—and he even made his own money. I know it sounds ridiculous, Durene, and I’ll just bet you’re smiling, but here’s the crazy thing: it worked! The people let him go around calling himself Emperor, and in time they began treating him like one.”
“They didn’t.”
“They did. Not all of course, but he eventually made his own money and became known throughout the city. The people of San Francisco accepted his currency, and he dined in the finest restaurants and went to famous plays in the theater where they would hold a seat for him. When he died, over thirty thousand people went to his funeral.”
Durene listens in silence, rapt with attention. I can only imagine it myself. His story captured my heart.
“Some say he was a madman. And maybe he was; he probably was, honestly. But he also dared to dream. And that’s something I’ve always admired about him.”
He dared to dream. There are worse things to be remembered by. And unlike the rich businessmen and famous stars and politicians of the day, Norton I is still marked in history as the first and only Emperor of the United States. It may seem funny to most people, but I think he’s the one laughing in the end.
“If one man can declare himself Emperor, I don’t see why I can’t follow suit. Kings might be born to rule, but the first kings were just men with an army who made themselves crowns. I might not have an army, or a crown, but it’s worth a shot.”
“Maybe.”
As impressed as she is by the story, I can hear the doubt oozing from Durene’s every word. But I just grin.
