3.00 E
Page 14
“I’m in another world, Durene, and from what you’ve said, classes rule this place. Why not take one of the best ones if I can? So. You can be my witness.”
I stand up dramatically, praying I don’t hit anything by accident as I gesture grandly.
“Hear my words, that they may be passed down for posterity. On this day, I, Laken Godart, declare myself Emperor of the Unseen, sovereign lord and ruler of all I survey. Not only Emperor; I declare myself Protector of Durene’s House as well.”
For a second I hold the pose, and then hear Durene giggle. It sounds amazing coming from her deep voice. I smile and sit back down.
“You can’t do that! What if someone heard you?”
“Well, then I’d demand that they show me the proper respect I deserve. And ask for their taxes. You owe me a tithe, I believe. I demand your finest crepe as your [Emperor].”
Giggling like a girl, Durene passes me one. I eat it with an air of triumph, and tell her several more jokes that make her laugh.
And that’s good. That alone is worth the crazy attempt. But as I sleep that night, I can’t help but think that it would be nice if I could be [Emperor]. I’d make the world a better place, or at least, try to.
I’d like to hear Durene laugh a lot more, and make it so she never has to cry herself to sleep another night.
In my heart, as I let sleep overtake me, I do believe I could do it. I believe. That’s what I learned to do. I believe I can be something more than people expect of me.
My eyes close. I breathe out. And then I hear a voice in my mind.
 
[Emperor Class Obtained!]
[Emperor Level 1!]
[Skill – Aura of the Emperor obtained!]
 
“Das war ja einfach!”
 
Day 12
 
Durene is in a state of panic; I’m calm.
Sort of calm. I’m freaking out, but in a good way. Durene’s just freaking out.
I blink as she tromps past me, nearly hitting my leg. Her voice is strained as talks out loud.
“It can’t be! You don’t have any fancy clothes! How can you be an—an—[Emperor]? It doesn’t make sense!”
I don’t know. But I do know, at the same time. I sit up straight. I can’t tell how this new Skill I’ve received works, but I feel a bit…different. A bit more secure in myself. I was right. I dreamed, and I was right.
“Durene. Is an [Emperor] simply defined by his clothes? A king is still a king in rags, after all. It may sound silly, but in this world people become what they believe, I think. You haven’t become a [Cook] because you don’t think you can be one. But I? I think I can do anything I want to. And I think you can too.”
She stops mid-step. I can sense her facing me.
“I—I have to go. I have to—go.”
She practically knocks the door down trying to get away. I sit and think in her house, trying to figure out what it means. Something. What can an [Emperor] do? What could my skills do? Is it even practical? How can I get home?
Someday, I want to go home. Even if Durene is here, I…
I need to find my family again.
When the door opens again, Durene comes in silent, but no longer panicking. She avoids the topic of my class and I do too, at least for a bit.
“You have a nice home, Durene. But I’d love to visit a town someday, or a city.”
She hesitates.
“I—I want to, too. But it’s tricky…”
I don’t ask why. Instead I just nod.
“You’ve said there are other continents in this world, filled with all kinds of different species.”
“…Yes.”
“Where are we? What continent are we on?”
“Izril. We’re on Izril.”
“Huh. Sounds almost familiar.”
 

