3.00 E
Page 9
One of the boys protests. Then I hear a yelp and the girl speaks.
“I think he don’t know. He can’t see her!”
“That’s right!”
More exclamations.
“You should run, Mister! Durene’ll eat your heart out!”
“No I won’t!”
“Aah! Run from the freak! She’s gone mad!”
Durene stands up in anguish. And then I hear her yelp. Someone’s tossed a stone at her! I hear it plop into the stream.
“Eat dirt, Freak!”
Okay, mudballs. Another one flies. Durene’s not doing anything to defend herself, so I stand up. The mug of water is still in my hands. For a second I’m tempted to hurl it but—that wouldn’t be right. The children go silent. What should I say?
“It’s nice to meet all of you. Cheers, mates.”
I raise the mug of water in their general direction and then drink from it. Honestly, it tastes a bit like clay. I look at the kids, or rather, in their general direction I hope.
“Now piss off.”
Silence. I keep my face still. I’ve never actually stared anyone in the eye mainly because I could miss, and I can barely keep my eyes open for a staring contest in any case. My eyes still get watery even if I can’t see.
But I am good at holding still and remaining calm. The children aren’t. After a few more seconds I hear them retreat.
I sit back down next to Durene. She’s trembling.
“You okay?”
I keep my tone light as I reach for the fishing pole again. I can’t find it, but then Durene silently presses it into my hands.
“Do you know what I meant when I said ‘cheers’? It’s an expression from another culture. It means, well, it’s something you say before you have a drink, or at a party.”
“Really?”
Her voice is quivery, but it is curious. I nod and smile.
“I met an Australian guy once who could make that word sound like a threat. He said it to a bunch of soldiers who were bothering us and—well, it’s not always polite. It’s all about nuance, you see?”
More silence. I hear Durene gulp.
“I—I’m sorry. What they said—”
“—Is none of my concern. Those little wankers were being obnoxious anyways. They’re too good to be called brats. Do they harass you often?”
It’s nice to know more than one culture. It helps when you want to add to your repertoire of insults. Durene laughs shakily, then goes quiet again.
“Sometimes. I mean, they come by sometimes but they don’t do more than throw things.”
“Like rocks?”
Silence is my answer. I clear my throat.
“They’re miserable little monsters; don’t listen to them. Anyways, they’re just kids, aren’t they? Can’t you chase them off?”
“I couldn’t do that! I might hurt someone, and then—”
She sounds genuinely shocked. And afraid. Is she worried about the mob of stereotypical farmers with pitchforks? But that had to come from somewhere. Maybe she’s right to be passive.
“I’m sorry if I got you in trouble. But I couldn’t stand by and let them harass you.”
“It’s okay. I think. Yes, it’s okay. But I’m surprised you weren’t angrier when they called you a freak. You’re not.”
Again, her tone suggests…what? Depression? Low self-esteem, certainly. But the clues aren’t all there yet, even if I know most of what’s going on. As for me…I shrug.
“I used to be a lot angrier than this. But I’ve gotten calmer now; I don’t lose my temper that much. I’ve been called names too.”
“Really?”
I smile again, but this time with an edge.
