3.01 E
Page 7
Not exactly fighting words, but I’m deadly serious. And these are just kids. I hear uncomfortable shifting, and then voices.
“What should we—?”
“He don’t know nothing! He’s blind!”
“Yeah! We gotta chase away the Freak!”
I point in their direction.
“I don’t appreciate bullying. Keep away from Durene. If you little bastards throw snow at her again, there will be consequences.”
For two seconds I think that will work. Then one of the children laughs uncertainly. He jeers at me.
“You can’t do nothing! You can’t see!”
“Yeah! He likes the Freak more than real people!”
“Get him!”
Something flies past my face and I flinch back. Crap. Suddenly all the animosity of the gang of children is transferred at me. A snowball filled with ice bursts against my coat and I wonder what I should do next.
“Stop that!”
Something huge interposes itself between me and the children. I feel Durene protectively shielding me.
“Look! The Freak’s in the way!”
“Get her!”
“Throw these! Eat pinecones, Freak!”
Something bounces off Durene and she yelps. That’s when I lose my temper.
“Enough.”
I push Durene aside and the word comes out of me like a shout. But it’s not quite a shout. It’s…something else.
The rage burning in my chest ignites, and it attaches to the word. It bursts out, and I feel it leave like a physical thing.
What happened? What did I just do?
I hear screams, and then the sound of someone throwing up. Then I hear footsteps, running, confusion, screams—
Then silence.
“Durene? What’s going on?”
I reach out and touch a thick back covered with cloth. I feel Durene’s cold skin shivering, and then she takes my hand with her callused palms.
“Laken? I—I don’t know. You did something just now. The kids—they’ve all run off!”
“I did that?”
I must have. And it must be—
“[Aura of the Emperor]. Durene, tell me what happened.”
We stand in the snow as Durene tries to relate what happened. According to her, it was suddenly as if I shouted and something hit the kids. She felt a presence—and sudden fear. But what I did wasn’t aimed at her, so it was brief.
The children clearly had a more violent reaction. They made tracks. I don’t know what I did, not exactly, but I can guess.
“I was angry. Seriously pissed. I must have used that to scare them. The aura—I might be able to use that in other ways as well.”
I can remember the sensation. It was physical; like sending part of myself out into the world. It was amazing, and terrifying. I’ve never felt like that before, but I’m glad.
Yes, I’m glad I did it. And so is Durene. In her own way!
“You shouldn’t have done that. You shouldn’t have! There will be trouble—”
“If there is, we’ll be causing the trouble. Those children had no right to harass you.”
“But that’s just them being…”
“That’s them being intolerant idiots. I won’t let anyone do that again. It stops now.”
How? All I know is that I mean every word as Durene and I dry off. How would I stop those kids, outside of using that skill again?
Fence? Too hard, and they’d just climb over it or get around it somehow. Bear trap? Probably not.
“I suppose we could just bury them in the snow head-first next time they come by. I’ll hold their legs; you dig the hole.”
Durene giggles nervously, and I smile as I tell more jokes to make her laugh. But I can’t help but feel like I’ve started something.
I’m right. Not thirty minutes later, I hear someone approaching. Durene tenses up and she tells me Prost has come by. We invite him in, and he gets to business in a matter of seconds.
