3.01 E
Page 11
“Durene, calm down. I’m not upset.”
“I know! But—it’s not nothing! Stop being so nice to me! What I am—I’m not Human! I’m not normal! Don’t pretend you don’t care!”
“I care. But I know you.”
“No you don’t. You can’t see—you’d never trust me if you could see.”
“That’s what the villagers have told you. But they’re wrong. They look at you and see a monster but they are wrong. They. Are. Wrong. Do you understand that, Durene?”
“…I can’t. No.”
“Durene? Where are you going? Durene? Durene!”
I’m on my feet as the door slams open. The cold winds of winter rush in, and I hear massive footsteps thumping away. I run after her, shouting.
“Durene!”
Only after I’m outside does it occur to me that maybe I should have given Durene more space. She’s right; I was treating this like nothing. I should have shown more of the surprise swirling inside of me.
But I didn’t want to hurt her feelings and I still meant what I said. How could a girl that nice and caring be a monster?
And now I’m running through the snow, without my cane. I slow the instant I realize that.
Oh shit. The snow is deep around me, I can’t see, and there is nothing like a path that I can follow.
I’m lost.
For a few seconds I just turn, trying to look for my tracks in the snow. But I can’t find them. I shout for Durene, but she’s not coming back. I’m by myself, and I can already feel the cold piercing my clothing.
This is probably a blind person’s worst fear. Without any tools I can barely find my way around, and without people or landmarks in this freezing weather—I’m so dead.
I start walking forwards, trying to feel for anything that reminds me of Durene’s cottage. I don’t have a choice. Either I could stay and hope Durene comes back—and she could be gone for hours—or I try to return to the cottage.
I only ran a little bit outside. But that distance could be miles as far as I’m concerned. This damn snow! It’s falling from the skies and making everything unfamiliar. Even my tracks—I try to kick up as much snow so I can find my way back.
Okay. Let’s go…ten steps this way. No? I feel nothing familiar, so I try to retrace my steps. I find my tracks and get back to roughly where I thought I was before. Now this way. No?
…Where did my tracks go? I spin around, confused. The snow—it’s too thick! I bend down, but my hands feel only the same level of snow around me. It’s as if I never started walking in the first place.
Oh no. I’m starting to panic. I stumble forwards, feeling my way ahead.
Gah! Damn it, I just ran into a tree. That’s bad. I’m in the forest. I try to turn back, but I’m not 100% sure I’m not going further into the forest.
Another tree. And now I’m trying to listen for anything that can help me find my way to Durene’s cottage.
I might die out here. I take a deep breath.
“Durene! I’m lost out here! Can yo—”
I trip. My world shifts and I hit the ground hard. Something just caught my foot! Not a tree root—
I scramble back towards whatever it was in the snow. I’m praying that I tripped over one of Durene’s plants and I’m in her garden.
It’s not a plant. It’s not anything like a plant. Instead, as my aching foot could attest, the object is heavy and partially buried in the ground. I feel at it.
Not a rock…the outside is rough and coarse. A bag? Yes! I can feel the opening here, and two drawstrings. Curious now, despite the cold, I undo the strings.
Is this some kind of bag of fertilizer? But no, why would that…
Hold on. My fingers encounter something hard in the bag and jerk away. I touch again. Something clinks as I shift it.
