3.01 E
Page 5
“I’m sorry Miss Yesel, but Durene’s made such a nice place for me—we just got the second cot set up. I’d love to join you for a meal or two later, but for now I feel I should stay here. I’d hate to be out on the road in my condition, you know.”
“Oh yes. I’ve made a good spot for myself, Miss Yesel. And I can get everything Laken needs here—”
“I’m sure you have, Durene.”
Yesel interrupts Durene politely. I get the feeling she’s not actually smiling, but her tone sounds friendly as she reaches out to touch my hand. I jerk and she takes her hand back. I hate it when people touch me without  warning me.
“Do excuse me. But I’m sure we could get Durene to pull the wagon if you don’t want to walk. It would only be a few minutes’ trip.”
So polite. So friendly. I can feel the invisible looks she’s giving Durene. My skin prickles, but I smile in her direction.
“Nevertheless, I’d truly hate to take over your rooms. Kids should have a lot of space, and I wouldn’t want to cramp you all.”
Now she’s hesitating. I know for a fact that my poker face is perfect; but she can’t quite tell if I’m innocently being obtuse or refusing her. Now she takes a different tack.
“Well—the Beetrs have also said they’d be delighted if you came over for dinner. And they have an empty room after their daughter sadly passed away last summer. You could join them. What do you think?”
“Mm…well…”
“It would be so much larger than here. I know Durene has done her best, but isn’t this a tiny bit too small for two people?”
“I—I could sleep outside! Or in the root cellar. I’m fine with—”
“I actually like the closeness, in fact.”
This time it’s my turn to interrupt Durene. I smile placidly, although I’m getting more and more annoyed by the second. I can sense Yesel reacting across the table.
“I think I’m fine, I really am, Miss Yesel. Durene is an excellent hostess. She’s helped me out immeasurably and I have every confidence that she will continue to do so.”
Durene’s silent, possibly embarrassed, and Yesel is quiet. Then she speaks to Durene directly.
“Durene? Why don’t you go fetch us some more firewood? I’m sure Mister Laken is feeling quite chilly.”
I bite my lip as Durene rises without a word to do as Yesel says. Mister Laken is feeling fine, thanks. And Durene shouldn’t have to obey someone else’s order in her own home.
But because Yesel is giving us a gift and because I don’t have the full picture—not yet—I listen. Yesel leans forwards to talk to me as I hear Durene moving about outside.
“Durene is a good child, Mister Laken. Sometimes. But we put her out here so she wouldn’t cause trouble if—has she told you what she is?”
“No. I believe she will tell me when she feels comfortable.”
“Yes, but—I think you don’t quite understand what the problem is.”
I raise one eyebrow.
“Problem? I haven’t had a problem with Durene, Miss Yesel. Unless you think otherwise?”
“No…”
She says it, clearly meaning the opposite. I hear a slurp, and then her voice again.
“But some of us in the village—Durene was wonderfully good about taking you in, but she’s not someone that should be kept cooped up with you—with someone like you—all winter. It would be better for everyone if you stayed in the village. We’d love to have you.”
And I’d probably hate it there. I listen to Durene lifting something with a grunt, and then shake my head.
“I have no problems with Durene, Miss Yesel. I will stay here.”
Now frustration enters the other woman’s voice.
“I really don’t think that’s wise. Durene is—”
