3.01 E
Page 12
Round, hard, circular objects. Lots of them. I feel them, lifting one up and dropping it.
“What the hell…?”
Clink. Clink.
There’s only one thing that makes that kind of beguiling, attractive sound. And the weight of it! I pull at the bag, but I can’t even get it to shift in the frozen ground.
Is this what I think it is? Really?
“Laken! LAKEN!”
I hear someone shouting my name in the distance. Immediately I stand up and bellow back.
“Durene? Over here!”
Immediately, I hear crashing through the woods. Branches splinter off Durene as she crashes towards my location, showering me with snow. I splutter and then feel two arms around me.
“I’m sorry! I’m so sorry! I didn’t realize you were out here!”
“It’s okay! Durene! You’re squishing me!”
Immediately she lets go. I gasp for air—I’d heard of a bear hug, but this is the first time I actually felt someone literally squashing me.
“Sorry!”
“It’s okay. I’m really glad you found me. Durene, I’m sorry.”
“No, I—”
I grasp her arm. She falls silent, and I do too. For a few seconds, I just listen to my heart beating, and hear snow softly falling in the background. Durene’s skin is rough under my palms. Rough, but not unpleasant.
“This is the first time I’ve really touched you, you know.”
“Really?”
“Really. You’ve helped me along, but I normally grab your clothes.”
And she never let me touch her before that. I feel Durene gulp as I hold her.
“Oh.”
We stand like that in silence for a little while. Then I feel the chill seeping into my bones.
“I guess we should go back.”
“Right! Let me carry you.”
Durene wants to lift me up, but I shake my head.
“I found something in the ground. Can you pull it up?”
“In the ground? Where?”
It takes me a few seconds to find it. Durene covered it when she ran over. But when I show Durene she lifts it up. It sounds like she’s uprooting a huge amount of soil and I cover my face as some of it flies at me.
“What’s this bag? I’ve never. Oh.”
Her voice goes silent all of a sudden. I feel around, and then find the bag in her hands. I reach into the open top and pick out two of the heavy little circular things within.
“Hey Durene. Would you mind telling me what you see? I don’t want to get ahead of myself, but…”
I tap the round object against the second one and hear that delightful chime of metal on metal. Each coin is heavy, and as I weigh them in my hand I notice the rough, smooth stones in the sack as well. Well, well, well.
“I could be wrong, but I hope I’m not. Because unless I’m very much mistaken, this is a gold coin. And this would be buried treasure.”
I’m remarkably calm about that bit. That is, until we get back to the cottage and start counting.
“It’s all gold!”
Durene exclaims as I place another coin on the careful stack of five on the table. I have to move carefully so as not to knock over my stacks, but with Durene’s help we’ve tallied the contents of the mysterious sack at last.
“One hundred and forty one gold coins and eight gemstones.”
I sit back in my chair and reach for the mug of tea. Durene pushes it into my hands and I savor the warmth. I still feel a bit cold after my little exploration outside.
“It’s a fortune. A huge fortune! Where did it come from?”
“I have my suspicions.”
I can sense Durene’s curiosity. I smile. The treasure I found managed to calm Durene down. She forgot about her woes to bask in the radiance of gold. Myself, I can’t see the appeal. It’s just heavy metal to me, but I’m told it’s quite valuable.
