3.02 H
Page 11
“I’ve lost three of my skeletons. Two were incinerated; the other crushed. Last one’s trapped under some dirt. The other two aren’t being targeted—looks like we set off an area trap.”
“Thank flowers for that.”
Ceria sighed and let some of the tension ease out of her body. She’d hoped for something to happen, but she hadn’t expected that.
“We just dug straight into that secret corridor, didn’t we? And by the looks of it, it leads to a [Mage]’s quarters.”
“Looks like it.”
For a second the two mages stared down at the dancing flames. Ceria was already trying to analyze the spell; the amount of mana she could sense in the flames and the way they were instantly burning through the huge amount of stone and dirt in the way told her that it was a seriously powerful spell they’d tripped down there. What Tier? Tier 5? 6?
“Ceria! Pisces! Are you two alright?”
Yvlon’s voice echoed and Ceria realized she and Ksmvr probably couldn’t see what she did. She scrambled to her feet and waved her hand at the two prone forms that were slowly crawling towards them.
“It’s fine! The skeletons broke through the roof of a new area! The falling stones must have set off some of the magical protections. Stay clear, everyone!”
Yvlon and Ksmvr got to their feet. They made their way over to Pisces and Ceria as the two tried to dust themselves off.
“We just heard the rumbling when the earth began to collapse. Good thing we weren’t standing closer.”
“Indeed. That would have most likely resulted in our painful immolation.”
Both humans and the half-Elf fell silent as they stared at Ksmvr. He stared back.
“Unless Pisces or Ceria know powerful anti-flame spells?”
“No.”
“Nope.”
“You’re probably right, Ksmvr. Thank you for sharing that.”
All four adventurers turned their attention back to the pit. Yvlon whistled.
“Those flames are still going? That must be some trap spell. Who were they expecting to kill? Named Adventurers?”
“Ah. It—”
“It’s probably—”
Ceria and Pisces broke off. Both of them had spoken at once. They shared a look and then Ceria explained.
“We hit the binding matrix of the spell. That’s why it’s still going. All the mana is being depleted and it’s not going to recharge after it’s over.”
“Oh. I see.”
Ksmvr looked down into the pit.
“May I ask what the nature of this spell is? It appears to be mainly aimed at close-range magic. Is there any unusual component to it?”
That was what Ceria had been trying to figure out. She rubbed at her chin.
“I’m not sure. That’s some kind of pyromancy trap for sure. But blue flames? It looks like a variation of that [Flame Snake] spell we read about, remember?”
Pisces nodded absently.
“An upgraded version. Clearly evident from the blue flames and extreme heat.”
“Clearly. Probably be practically impossible to block if it suddenly came at us.”
“Indeed. The walls were probably reinforced to avoid sudden escape. Would a trap wall have blocked any retreat?”
“Maybe…”
Yvlon looked at the two mages.
“What’s the verdict?”
Ceria nodded.
“Good. That’s a powerful spell. And it was fresh. No one’s triggered it before or we’d see the scorch marks. There’s a good chance no one’s explored this place before. And best yet—”
“What they’re guarding could be just as valuable.”
Pisces smiled, and so did Yvlon. Ksmvr just moved his jaws slightly.
“This is good, correct? Should we descend once the flames have ceased?”
“Definitely. Get ready everyone! We’re going in!”
