3.02 H
Page 2
Yvlon twitched. But she didn’t say anything. Ceria counted to five before she picked the dried sausage up and washed it off. A stream of water flowed from her skeletal fingertip and over the sausage, cleaning the dirt off.
“How far did you have to walk to get to the Runner, Yvlon?”
“Four, five miles? She wouldn’t come any closer.”
“Five miles?”
Ceria ground her teeth. Yvlon only shrugged tiredly.
“Makes you wish Ryoka were in the area, doesn’t it?”
It did. City Runners were notorious for refusing to get near monsters or dangerous areas when delivering resupplies to adventurers—they were useful because they could save a day or more of travel, but they charged high prices and inconvenienced the adventurers who had to go and meet them.
“If I’d known you would have had to walk that far in the snow, I’d have sent Ksmvr with you.”
“Then the Runner would have just run away.”
Pisces unhelpfully interjected this as he stared at the bread and other food Ceria had purchased with their dwindling coin. The half-Elf scowled as she pulled out a block of cheese and stared at it.
“I told them half a block of cheese. Who’s taking down messages in that damn building?”
The custom for adventurers was to use the [Message] spell to send requests for gear, supplies, or even potions to the local Mage’s Guild or similar buildings in cities. Depending on the urgency of the request (which naturally raised the price of the delivery exponentially), the guild would deliver the request to the local Runner’s Guild where someone would hopefully fulfill it.
Really, it was a gamble sometimes. Prices were very high for deliveries, but most City Runners didn’t like to take the risk of getting near a hotspot for monsters anyways. And when they did, they often waited far away from the actual requested delivery site, shining bullseye lanterns to let adventurers know they had to come out to pick up their package. And the cost—
“How much do we have left, Yvlon?”
“Do you want the good news or the bad news?”
“Good news.”
“We’ve got one gold coin left.”
Yvlon lifted up the empty money pouch and shook it. Even Pisces looked dismayed at that.
“That’s it? How much did the Runner charge?”
“About average. But we didn’t have that much to begin with, and this was the only way to get the food quickly.”
Ceria ground her teeth as she accepted the money pouch from Yvlon. That was the last of their coin, which meant their future was pretty straightforward.
“We’ve got food for two more days, then. If we can’t find what we’re looking for by then, it’s over.”
Over. Ceria watched her three teammates react differently to the news.
Yvlon had the best reaction. She was a seasoned adventurer and a former Silver-rank team Captain. She just nodded, resigned to the outcome. She didn’t like it clearly; her eyes were tight, but she knew that they had no other choice.
Ksmvr was interesting. He didn’t even look that bothered by the news. He just nodded, and went back to studying the landscape. Didn’t he care? Or did he put all his faith in her decisions? Either way, Ceria would have liked more emotion from him.
And less from Pisces. The young man’s eyebrows snapped together furiously.
“Then what? We just give up?”
“If we have to. We don’t have the coin to keep searching, Pisces.”
“Then what do we do, Springwalker? Do we go back and start taking other requests?”
“Maybe. If we have to. Unless you’ve got another idea?”
