3.02 H
Page 8
“I’ll stand watch with Ksmvr. If he’s pulling up the dead, we might as well let them work.”
Ceria nodded gratefully, watching as Yvlon picked her way over to Ksmvr. After a few seconds of discussion they walked off to keep a lookout, leaving her with Pisces.
“Rise. Rise from the place where you rest to do my bidding. Claw through stone and dirt to where I stand and obey my orders…”
He was speaking to the earth, his voice lower and audibly infused with the echoing tones of someone casting magic. Ceria shook her head as she sensed the magic leaving him and entering the earth.
“Is that necessary? Can’t you just cast [Raise Dead] and have done with it?”
Pisces shuddered and blinked as he came out of the trance he’d entered to cast the spell. Ceria caught him before he overbalanced and let go immediately. He blinked at her and then nodded once.
It was so…hard sometimes to act normal around him. At least this time Pisces didn’t sniff obnoxiously.
“It’s not that simple when you don’t stick to set spells. You should know that, Ceria. I told you, if you cast a spell the same way each time, you don’t learn anything.”
“Fine. So you improvised. I assume you cast multiple raise dead spells at range?”
“[Raise Skeleton], in point of fact. They are the most cost-effective, or so I’ve found.”
“Oh good.”
Pisces pointed at an area of ground ahead of them.
“There is a considerable group of dead bodies below us. That might indicate a secret room is indeed down there.”
“It might mean it’s already been looted.”
“Perhaps. Or that it was found but never successfully entered. Either way, I have summoned several skeletons that will assist with the digging.”
Ceria stared at the ground. She didn’t see the normal tremors of dirt or hands clawing their way out of the soil that preceded a zombie bursting out to try and eat her face off.
“Something taking them a while? Or did you just tell them to take it easy?”
Pisces scowled at the needling, and Ceria immediately regretted the words. It had been a powerful spell; she could see him sweating a bit in the cold.
“They must find their way up from a considerable distance. A shame you couldn’t remember where the Lich was, Springwalker.”
“You can’t animate a Lich, Pisces.”
“Maybe not from scratch. But if I had the bones of one—”
“You could animate it? Really?”
“Perhaps. I should like to study the spell animating it at least.”
The half-Elf eyed her once friend as he mumbled to himself. He thought he could create a Lich? Or learn the spell to make one?
That was…concerning. A Lich wasn’t the highest-level undead; not by far. But it was powerful. Powerful enough that if Pisces could animate one by himself, he was stronger than Ceria had given him credit for.
“What level are you by now? In your [Necromancer] class, I mean.”
The mage stopped muttering to himself. He turned to stare flatly at Ceria.
“What do you care? Didn’t you tell me last time we parted ways that you never wanted to hear from me again?”
“That was then. Somehow we’ve ended up working together again.”
“Yes. I suppose I should thank Erin Solstice for that.”
“Maybe you should. Or will you curse her for it?”
“I had no objections to working with you, Springwalker. But you were the one who told me you didn’t want to travel with me.”
“Yeah. I did.”
Ceria dearly wished she used a staff like Sostrom used to carry around. True, it was cumbersome, but it would have been so nice to lean on. She contented herself with sitting on a rock.
