3.02 H
Page 13
“It’s…hard to explain, Ksmvr. We say ‘dungeon’, but that doesn’t mean this place was originally built underground. I think Albez was actually a city that sunk into the ground over thousands of years.”
“Oh. I see.”
The Antinium considered this.
“So we are, in fact, likely breaking into a deceased individual’s personal quarters?”
Ceria, Pisces, and Yvlon looked at each other.
“Pretty much.”
“Hopefully.”
“Or a treasury owned by a guild or rich person. Those are always nice.”
“Then why all the traps? The spell we just witnessed seemed excessive?”
Ceria shrugged.
“Paranoia. It’s usually because people have something important they don’t want stolen. And a powerful mage around Level 50? They’d have a lot of enemies, a lot of artifacts and valuables over the years. Their homes tend to turn into miniature gauntlets by the time they die.”
Yvlon nodded.
“In some cases, the protections are justified. Consider what powerful items a mage might own? On the other hand, artificial dungeons—ones that people make for the exclusive purpose of guarding something really rare—are the worst. This is more like a few private wards on a home. But dungeons designed to kill a huge number of invaders? Those are real deathtraps.”
“Indeed? How so?”
Ksmvr barely had to get the others started. Even Pisces had stories of the horrors adventurers had found in ruins.
“I heard in one dungeon the creators placed an invisible poison mist trap at the entrance. So while the adventurers were clearing the dungeon they were slowly dying. Hundreds of teams would go in without problems, but none ever came out.”
“What about the acid showers? Did you hear about that? It triggered five hundred meters in and flooded each corridor. If it didn’t have such a long reset time it would have wiped every team that went in there.”
“I heard of one mage who just teleported the people in the trap into a pit in the middle of bedrock. They had no way out and they’d just starve to death.”
“I heard of that one too! The [Miners] who eventually located the trap—didn’t they find some adventurers still alive in there? They’d eaten all their friends and were living off their boots.”
“That’s just a myth. No one would have the air to survive down there.”
“I heard they had a charm.”
“True, but even so—”
Bemused, Ksmvr glanced around at the others.
“You seem unusually upbeat for such a dire circumstance we might be facing ourselves.”
“That’s part of what being an adventurer is, Ksmvr. We risk everything, so we might as well chuckle a bit in case the worst does come true.”
Ceria laughed. Even Yvlon grinned at the Antinium.
“We’re building morale before we enter. Don’t worry—we’re all nervous. But it’s better to tell jokes than to wait in silence.”
Ksmvr considered this, and then nodded.
“I shall learn from this experience. Thank you for explaining it to me.”
That was weird, but it just made the others laugh harder. Because it was weird and they were about to enter a place where they might die. Soon, Ceria judged the hole to be cool enough to enter, and after sending the skeleton in first, the others slid down the melted rock and entered the abandoned tunnel.
 
—-
 
“Okay, that was a nasty arrow trap. Pisces, you’re walking in front from now on.”
Ceria eyed the deadly poison-tipped bolt that had neatly passed through the skeleton’s ribs and shattered on the far wall. She didn’t even want to touch the arrow in case all of it was toxic.
Pisces shook his head. He pointed and the skeleton obediently trotted forwards again.
“I will stay behind the two warriors, thank you. They have armor. I do not.”
