3.02 H
Page 18
“Well, it could be laced with any number of traps. We’ve got to either knock it down or open it some other way. But if we’re in the line of fire—”
“Cast spells at it from range?”
“Could work. My [Ice Spike] spell might do some damage.”
“It’s the best option we’ve got for long distance. Unless you picked up a better spell, Pisces?”
“No. Do it.”
Ceria nodded. She poked her finger around the corner as the others moved back, shielding herself against the wall. The trap skeleton watched impassively as it stood next to the door, a casualty to whatever was about to happen.
Okay. [Ice Spike] and then get ready to run if need be. Ceria took a deep breath, and then cast.
“[Ice Spike]!”
The magical dagger of ice shot from her fingertip and broke against the door. Ceria tensed along with the others, but nothing happened. Slowly, they relaxed.
“Maybe just fortifications?”
“Probably. How’s the corridor?”
“Skeleton’s gone over it three times.”
“I volunteer to test it.”
“Ksmvr, don’t be silly—”
“We have been sitting here for an hour. We must try something. Allow me.”
“Wait—”
Yvlon reached for him, but the Antinium stepped out into the corridor. He paused, but no spell came. Slowly, he walked over to the door.
“Nothing. I shall attempt to break it.”
He raised his enchanted sword and stabbed it into the wood. The door resisted the blow, just as it had the [Ice Spike]. And it didn’t trigger a counterspell.
“What is your opinion?”
Ksmvr returned to the others as they conferred. Ceria pulled at her hair, trying to figure out if this was a devilishly clever trap, or just a door made to last forever.
“It might only activate once we break through.”
“Possible, possible.”
“We need to get near, Pisces. We’ll analyze it at close range, and then back away and try from a distance, okay?”
He nodded. Ceria and Pisces exchanged a glance, and then all four Horns of Hammerad crept towards the door.
Nothing happened. They sighed in relief, but Ceria warned Yvlon and Ksmvr.
“Okay, we’re just going to inspect the spell binding the door. If it’s a high-Tier enhancement spell, well, we might have to find another way in. Break through the rock maybe. But don’t touch it until we’re done, okay?”
The other two nodded and readied themselves. Ceria looked at Pisces, and then they reached out and magically inspected the door. Both frowned at around the same time.
“Odd. Look at how delicate this enchantment is, Pisces.”
He nodded as he traced the shimmering symbols and magical currents only they could see.
“Indeed. This is not ordinary reinforcement. There is a trap here. But what’s the trigger?”
The magic shimmered in front of Ceria. Or rather, not shimmered. It was impossible to describe how the magic looked to her with mere words. It was feeling as much as anything else. She delicately looked at the magic, and felt something odd.
“Is it…shifting?”
It was. The stationary spell was moving, reacting. Ceria’s heart immediately skipped a beat and she stood up to back away from the door. Yvlon lifted her shield instantly.
“What’s wrong? What’s happening?”
“Oh no. Oh—it’s reacting to us looking at it. Run! Ru—”
She’d just turned when something whined and engulfed her. Ceria blundered forwards, and then crashed into something which broke.
Bones.
A skeleton? Pisces’ creation?
No. Not Pisces’ skeleton. Bones. Piles of bones.
Ceria looked around. They were in a pit. A pit with filth all over the walls. Yvlon, Ksmvr, Pisces—not the skeletons. They looked around, scrambling to get up.
“What happened?”
“We were teleported! A trap! Get ready!”
