3.02 H
Page 9
“I haven’t exactly changed my opinion of necromancy since then. You do know that the undead killed my team, and Yvlon’s? I saw a lot of friends die thanks to them.”
Pisces just shook his head.
“The undead are mindless. Or rather, most are. The ones under my command are not the same as those roving creatures.”
“Some would say there’s not a lot of difference. If you lose control or get killed, they’re still mindless.”
“Only if I don’t realize my goals.”
“Still going on about that? I’d have thought you gave up by now. You certainly don’t seem to have made much progress.”
To her surprise, Pisces grinned rather than grow defensive at her jibe. That made her cautious. But he glanced over at the ground and she heard the sounds of dirt scattering. The first of the skeletons was digging itself out of the ground.
“Oh good. The diggers are here. Get them to work, will you?”
Both Yvlon and Ksmvr watched from their posts as five more skeletons dug themselves out to join the one Pisces had summoned. Two grabbed shovels; the others just got to digging in the earth with their bare hands.
Yvlon turned away as the skeletons with glowing eyes started working. Ksmvr just watched with interest. Ceria took a seat on a rock next to Pisces as they chatted in the cold.
“It seems odd that Ksmvr wouldn’t be a better digger.”
“He was not built for it, Springwalker. He may share the same body, but he clearly lacks the experience.”
“All things to their intended purpose, eh? Surprised to hear you of all people say that.”
“I am not suggesting it is effective. I am simply stating what is. Do not misconstrue my words.”
“…Sorry.”
They sat in silence for a while, watching as the skeletons got to work. They moved with commendable speed in the cold, and despite being weaker than Ksmvr and Yvlon, they were tireless. Ceria already wondered why they hadn’t used them earlier, until she remembered exactly why.
“They look like they’ll get a good way down before the day’s over. Maybe this will work.”
“One can only hope.”
Pisces grunted as he stared at his creations. His stomach growled audibly in the wind. As if in answer, Ceria’s did likewise.
“Isn’t it funny? A few years ago we’d be in the banquet hall, stuffing our faces over a book of spells.”
“True.”
“…Do you miss it?”
“Of course.”
His voice was soft. Pisces stared at his undead, remembering just like she was.
“But it is the past. I gave it up for my passions. There is no use looking back.”
“To you, maybe. I wonder what would have happened if—you were a better mage once, when you didn’t practice Necromancy.”
The words were still bitter and from a dark place inside Ceria. But she couldn’t help them coming out. This time Pisces didn’t snap at her. He just shrugged tiredly.
“Some thought so. But I was a generalist then; a jack of no masteries. Necromancy was ever my passion. I might have had the dregs of popular support, but only that. Who would applaud a mage without a master or a calling?”
“I respected you. So did Mons and a lot of other people.”
“Ah.”
There wasn’t anything he could say to that. Pisces stared at the flying dirt and two skeletons trying to lift a large stone out of a hole they’d dug.
“Mons. Yes. What happened to her? I didn’t hear of another mage joining you when you left Wistram. Did she…?”
“She kept studying in Wistram. Who knows? By now she might be a better [Mage] than you or I.”
“Hah. Perhaps. She certainly knows more spells by now at least.”
They both laughed at that. Then they grew silent. Ceria could sense what was coming, but her tongue kept leading her onwards.
