3.02 H
Page 7
It was the excitement of finding the map. It had overtaken their good sense and made even Ceria and Yvlon ignore their instincts which told them they should have prepared for at least a month and had three times as much coin as they’d borrowed from Erin. But they’d hoped.
Pisces nodded dourly. He had a fresh porridge stain on the neck of his robe.
“I blame myself.”
“Oh, do you really?”
“I should have predicted this outcome. And insisted we use my creations to expedite the process.”
“Pisces. We’ve talked about this.”
“We have. But you have not listened properly as of yet.”
Ceria sighed. She’d gone several rounds with Pisces before, but this time he looked like he had dug his heels in. He was practically impossible to budge in this state.
“You know how Yvlon and I feel about the undead.”
“I know.”
“Summoning the dead is a crime up north unless you have an agreement with the local cities—which you don’t.”
“All true.”
“Well?”
“Without my undead, we will never dig down deep enough. All we will do is unearth previously found structures like we have all week. You need a tireless workforce; I have the means to create one. All that is getting in the way is your distaste.”
It was a rational argument, delivered in a calm, cool voice. It was so like the old Pisces that Ceria had to glance sideways at him.
Yes. If you looked past the dirty hair and clothing, there were traces of the young man she’d known. Still traces. She wavered.
“Still.”
“Springwalker, I can sense the bodies below us. There’s enough for me to animate several skeletons at least. Probably quite a bit more if need be.”
Pisces looked Ceria in the eye like he used to. His eyes were focused on hers, and he had that old intensity, the old half-manic stare of utter determination in his eyes.
“What is more important, Ceria? Your pride or success here?”
That settled it. Ceria closed her eyes and raised her voice.
“Yvlon!”
When the other adventurer came over Ceria explained Pisces’ point in curt words. Yvlon’s face closed off and she looked at Pisces. He returned the gaze steadily.
“Pisces has a point. We kept unearthing emptied ruins. We might have to go deep and we’re out of time. His undead might be our only shot. What do you think?”
The golden-haired warrior looked unhappy. She hadn’t been overtly hostile towards Pisces on the journey, but then, she hadn’t let him summon any undead either. She pushed some of her dirty hair out of the way.
“You are the Captain, Ceria. If you think it’s worth a shot, I’ll put up with it.”
Her tone and stance made it clear that she did not want Ceria to say yes. But Ceria had already made up her mind.
“Okay, Pisces. Do it.”
Pisces nodded. He stood up and raised his hands. He made no audible gestures, and didn’t showboat. But Ceria sensed his mana gathering and probing down below. She shuddered, knowing what he was looking for.
“Ceria? Is he doing anything…wrong?”
Yvlon’s voice was quiet, but her eyes were intent on the half-Elf’s face. Ceria knew how Yvlon had to feel—it wasn’t like either of them had liked undead before the ruins. And now…
“Nothing wrong, at least magically.”
“And you’re sure this is the only way?”
“The best we have. I don’t like it either. You know that. But it’s his main class, Yvlon. He’s a good mage, but he was always best at his passions. As a [Necromancer], he’s powerful. Let him do this once.”
The former Captain’s lips twisted, but she clearly didn’t want to dispute Ceria’s decision in public. She shook her head and planted the shovel in the dirt.
