3.02 H
Page 16
Ceria stumbled backwards, gasping as sweat poured down her face and the exertion of using so much magic caught up with her. She grabbed onto Yvlon and the other woman stumbled.
“Yvlon. Did they get you?”
The golden-haired Captain was also gasping for air, but she shook her head.
“They didn’t get into my head. Think some cut into my breastplate, but didn’t get my skin.”
“Sorry about the [Ice Spikes]. Did I hurt you or pierce your armor?”
“A few dents. I’m okay. Thanks.”
Ceria nodded. She could have pierced Yvlon’s armor and killed her if the [Ice Spike] spells had been at closer range or hit a weak joint. But better that then let a Creler at Yvlon’s exposed head. It would have chewed its way into her armor through the stump of her neck in second.
“Well, that explains why we haven’t run into more monsters or undead recently. Crelers.”
“Dead gods.”
The two women looked over at Ksmvr and Pisces. Pisces was unharmed, if pale and shaken, but Ksmvr had been wounded. They went over to look.
“It is nothing. My hand is lacerated in several places, but Pisces has bound the injuries. It will heal.”
“Are you sure?”
Ceria peered at the already green-stained bandage Pisces had wound around Ksmvr’s hand. The Antinium nodded.
“I am fine.”
“Crelers have toxins in their bites and claws—”
“It will not affect me. Thank you for the concern.”
“Dead gods, Ksmvr! I’ve never seen anyone hold a Creler down to kill it! Are you insane?”
“I just fought as the Antinium do against them. I am relieved they were only small.”
“Yeah. Yeah. Pisces, you alright?”
“I—I hate those things.”
Pisces shuddered as he stared at a twitching Creler. Ceria nodded. So did Yvlon. And Ksmvr.
“Dead gods. Crelers. Just imagine if there had been a few more—”
“Those skeletons saved us. The Crelers went for us, but they held them away. Got chewed up. Look at that one—”
“Shh. Shh. Are there any more around?”
At once everyone fell silent. Ceria listened to her racing heartbeat, but Ksmvr shook his head.
“This group we awakened, but there are no more nearby. But the evidence is clear; there is a nest nearby.”
He indicated the dying Crelers on the ground. A skeleton had seized a rock and was industriously smashing each one to bits.
“These are in their first stage of life. If an adult Creler were in our proximity it would already have attacked. I recommend immediate extermination.”
“Exterminate? A nest?”
Pisces looked at Ksmvr in horror, but the Antinium only nodded. He was deadly focused.
“They are a threat. A menace. If they remain here unchecked, some will grow to adult size. That cannot be allowed to happen.”
Ceria completely agreed, but she didn’t want to be the one to hunt Crelers.
“Normally we get a bounty for reporting them in. Hunting a nest—plague fungus, I don’t want to think about that, Ksmvr. There’s a big bounty on them, true, but—”
“I believe there will not be more than this number. And they would be in their larval form rather than their attack form.”
Yvlon cleaned her blade, staring at a Creler claw that kept twitching.
“Might be doable, Ceria. One good thrust kills them if they’re in their larvae form. We take them by surprise—”
“No! Have you seen what they can do to flesh?”
Pisces was pale, shaking. Ceria looked at him, and then Ksmvr.
“I think Ksmvr’s right, Pisces.”
“What?”
“Do you want a bunch of Crelers at our back if they get hungry or wake up? If we keep going they might hit our backs at the worst moment. We’ve gotta take them out.”
“I—fine. Fine. But the skeletons go first!”
