3.02 H
Page 10
“You know, even if you had become a [Necromancer], it might have all been okay if you hadn’t…”
“I told you, it was to a purpose.”
“But you didn’t even ask permission.”
“I didn’t need it. Cognita said as much. The rules they made—”
“It’s the principle of the thing, Pisces. You spat in their faces and said—”
The other mage cut her off. His face was tight and drawn, and Ceria knew he was reliving the same moment, just like her.
“I…erred. But I did what I thought was best. It is the past, now. Continuing the same argument would be pointless. You fail to understand my position as you have in the past.”
“I guess so. But you have to admit, it didn’t end like you’d hoped.”
“No. It didn’t. I realize that now.”
It was the first time she’d ever heard him admit he’d been wrong. Ceria looked at Pisces in surprise.
“You do?”
Shrug.
“Recent events have given me cause to…regret the ending. That is all.”
“Yeah. Yeah. Neither of us are exactly earning Wistram rates, are we?”
“No. But I was astounded to receive a message from you. I didn’t even know you were still on the same continent. What made you decide to come here?”
“I came to Izril to earn money. To become a better adventurer, since I couldn’t stay in Wistram.”
“Why not Baleros or Chandrar?”
“Too far and too violent. For both, really. I didn’t want to join a Company; I wanted to make my own choices.”
“Hmm.”
Ceria looked sideways at Pisces.
“What about you? Why did you decide to become an adventurer? Didn’t you swear to me you’d pursue your own path?”
“I…need to be a higher level. That’s all.”
“Really? But you won’t level up that much from just casting mage spells.”
“True. But…well, perhaps I’m also looking for something else.”
“What?”
“One last chance.”
“For what?”
He hesitated. Pisces stared at the ground, as the cold wind blew his robes around him.
“To—”
Below them in the ditch they’d hollowed out, one of the skeletons raised its shovel and brought it down on a section of ground. The earth around it collapsed, and the undead disappeared.
The earth rumbled as dirt and stone shifted. Instantly, Ceria and Pisces stepped back, feeling the ground under their feet shift slightly.
“Collapse! Get clear!”
Ceria shouted to Yvlon and Ksmvr as the tremors grew. She stumbled back, looking for safe ground, grabbing Pisces as he tripped after her.
Collapses were a big danger in older dungeons and in places like this. It was all too possible to be swallowed by the earth. Ceria saw Yvlon and Ksmvr running to a large section of stone, hoping to find a safe place on the solid rock. She tried to run after them.
And then, as soon as the horrible rumbling had started, it stopped. Ceria turned shakily and found Pisces getting to his feet. He brushed dirt off of his robes and then turned to stare as well.
“Tree rot. Look at that.”
A huge gaping sinkhole had opened up where the skeletons had been. Ceria could spot two climbing up, but not the other four.
“Trap spell! Get down!”
Pisces shouted it and Ceria immediately dove back into the soil. She saw Yvlon and Ksmvr who’d been running over to them do the same. She turned to look and saw what had alarmed Pisces.
Giant ribbons of flame that writhed and twisted around like snakes were burning around the fallen dirt and stone. The flames weren’t red and orange; these were blue, and already they were melting stone and turning the dirt into smoke that began to billow up from the hole.
“Pisces. Is it aimed at—?”
“No. Let me see.”
The other mage raised his face out of the dirt and focused. Two of his skeletons approached the pit.
