3.02 H
Page 5
Dead soil and dried-up vegetation was the landscape that made up Albez’s tomb. But the city itself had not fallen to magic or sword as far as Ceria could tell. It had simply…disappeared into the earth.
Maybe a mudslide had covered it. Or an earthquake had engulfed the city. But it had sunk below the earth, becoming covered by time and dirt until some expedition had uncovered it. Since then, the entire area had turned into a basin filled with half-buried walls and lovely pitfalls that connected a subterranean landscape with the rest of the world. And after all these many hundreds, thousands of years, everything had changed.
Parts of the ruins had shifted in the earth, somehow. Entire passages had moved out of place, and some of the buildings on Ceria’s map were in the wrong places. Worse, some were in the right place as far as she could tell, which made searching even more confusing.
“We know the passage here leads to a secret room. But if we follow it, we get nothing. Just rubble and dirt. We might be able to find the room if we had a team of [Diggers] and [Miners], but we don’t.”
Ceria crossed out another potential treasure site with a bit of charcoal on the map. She eyed the remaining spots they’d pinpointed nearly a week ago. Honestly, it felt like a lifetime. All that hope they’d had had quickly dissipated as they’d gone from spot to spot, digging in the crumbling soil for traces of something they’d never found.
Yvlon squinted at a ragged piece of blue cloth tied to a wooden pole. She pointed.
“We found that marker right around the room marked here. See? I think someone must have claimed that spot.”
That was probably true. Ceria nodded glumly. Searchers often marked their finds with flags or magical signs only they could read in case they’d stumbled onto part of a larger haul.
Ksmvr looked confused. At least, Ceria assumed he was confused. He certainly sounded like it.
“How would someone locate a secret room without a map such as this? Or have other groups obtained similar information sources?”
“Not necessarily. They might have had a [Treasure Hunter]. It’s a rare class, but a high-level one might have had a skill that located a major haul.”
“Are we to assume all the places here have been looted, then?”
Both Ceria and Yvlon shook their heads instantly. If that was the case, they wouldn’t have risked so much on this.
“Even someone with Skills can’t find everything. Especially if the places are guarded. We’ve just been unlucky, or hitting places already searched. We need to go somewhere else today.”
“How about over here? There’s several rooms that belonged to some sort of complex. And a passage here and here…worth a shot?”
Studying the places Yvlon had pointed to, Ceria had to agree that it looked like there was a secret passage over there as well. She nodded.
“I think that spot matches that depression over to the east, don’t you? We’ll head for that after Pisces wakes up, then.”
It took a few kicks for the mage to wake up. He was grumpy when he found only a bit of porridge was left for his breakfast, and even unhappier when he found they’d decided on the next place to search without him.
“I thought adventurers considered all opinions and made informed decisions, rather than rashly coming to conclusion without all input.”
“We’d do that if you woke up earlier. If you’ve got a more likely spot to search, find it.”
He couldn’t, which only made Pisces more grumpy. The Horns of Hammerad struck camp and began cautiously picking their way across the snowy ground towards the ruins, letting Ksmvr take point.
