3.03
Page 11
“Ceria Springwalker and Yvlon Byres? I wouldn’t join a group with those two even if they were the last team on the continent. Anyone stupid enough to work with them is going to get killed like their last groups.”
Don’t punch them. I know that. Erin’s voice is flat.
“They’re both great adventurers. They’re my friends.”
The two men shake their heads at her.
“They’re idiots and cowards who got good folk who trusted them killed.”
“You might think they’re on your side, but mark my words, girl. Trust them and you’ll end up with an arrow in your back.”
They don’t even bother lowering their voices. People at other tables look up as they hear the two men begin to argue with Erin.
“That’s not true! Ceria’s really brave! So is Yvlon!”
“The half-Elf? I bet she turned and ran the instant she got into trouble. She’s a coward. Calruz was the only real fighter in the Horns of Hammerad.”
“Take that back!”
Erin’s getting mad, and I’m eying the two men seated at their table. They look a lot tougher than the adventurers Erin got into a fight with at her inn. And they’re just talking, not sexually harassing anyone.
But my blood is still boiling. The Horns of Hammerad don’t deserve this. They were all brave, and I could tell them that, but what would be the point? The two sneering men clearly don’t want to listen; the best thing I could do is kick them both in the face.
I could start a fight—
But I close my hand and feel the stumps of my fingers. No. Not here. Not now. We need the help of some adventurers, even if it’s not them.
I put my hand on Erin’s shoulder. She’s tense and glaring.
“Come on, Erin. Let’s talk to someone else.”
“If you want real protection, Miss, you’d best ask us or a real Silver-rank team. Not a bunch of half-wits that can’t even slay a few undead.”
I have to drag Erin backwards. She glares at me, but I manage to pull her back successfully. Five steps. Then I run into someone.
“Oh, sorr—”
I pause as I stare into a familiar, beat-up face. An adventurer pauses with four of his buddies as they walk towards the receptionist’s desk. All of them look beat-upon; the result of a bar fight they were on the losing end of.
The lead adventurer certainly recognizes me.
He takes one look at Erin and begins edging towards the door. Too late. As my grip slackens, Erin pulls herself away. She walks back over to the table with the two adventurers and smiles at them as she puts her hands on the edge of the table.
“You should take back what you said about Ceria and Yvlon. They’re my friends and they did everything they could to keep everyone else alive.”
“We said exactly what everyone else was thinking, Miss. The Horns of Hammerad—both past and present—are a team of fools.”
Erin takes a deep breath. Her eyes are wide and she gives them a big smile.
“Okay. Fine. If that’s the way it’s gonna be then—table flip attack!”
On the whole, I sometimes wonder if Erin’s the more violent one between the two of us.
 
—-
 
“Well, now we’re banned from the Adventurer’s Guild. At least for a while.”
I sigh as Erin and I stump along down the street, followed by a cloud of faeries. I’m resigned to them by this point. They fly after us, laughing about the fight. Erin walks behind me, frowning.
“I don’t regret a thing! Those guys were jerks!”
“Yeah, they were. But now they won’t help us if we need to get back to Liscor.”
“So? We’ll just get the Horns of Hammerad to do it. Ceria and Pisces and Yvlon and Ksmvr can probably defend us against anything we run up against.”
