3.03
Page 10
He rushes towards the nearest door, his guards grabbing the rest of his goods. Other shopkeepers do the same and the pedestrians scatter indoors as well, fearing the wrath of the fickle nuisances. In seconds, the street is deserted except for two humans and the faeries.
Erin and I stare up at the faeries. They stare back as they hover in the air, watching us. One of them waves.
 
—-
 
After our short shopping trip in the market, the next place Erin and I decide to go is indoors, where the faeries can’t follow. And where we find ourselves is the Adventurer’s Guild. Erin and I stare around the big room as she whispers to me.
“It looks sort of like Selys’s guild, but not, don’t you think? I mean, this place is bigger. A lot bigger.”
I nod as I stare around the Adventurer’s Guild in Celum. This place is certainly a lot bigger, and the room has space for up to six receptionists at once, rather than the single desk for two in Liscor’s guild. I tap on the desk for the receptionist as I ask about hiring a team. She directs me towards the adventurers sitting in one corner of the room. Apparently, hiring an escort is done by contacting the adventurers directly, not through the guild here.
I stare at the groups of adventurers sitting together. Some are Bronze-rank, most are, probably. And others are Silver-rank, whether individually or in teams. A lot of them look tired, cleaning their equipment after some mission, and others look like they’re just here to socialize.
Damnit. Which group should I talk to? What’s the standard rate for hiring them? Can I trust a Silver-rank team? I know none of this.
Neither does Erin, but she has an almost insultingly cavalier attitude towards this.
“Let’s just ask them. If any of them say they can take us to Liscor, let’s try it!”
“You want me to just walk over there and ask them about escort duty?”
I hate talking to new people. I hate starting up conversations, and this is practically my worst nightmare. But Erin just shrugs at me. I grind my teeth.
“What do you expect me to say? ‘Hey, we’re looking for a group of adventurers to escort us to Liscor. Know anyone who might be interested?’”
“That sounds good. Why not?”
I stare at Erin. Well, it might work.
“You say it. I think it’s best if it comes from you.”
Erin nods and begins walking over to the nearest table where two brawny warriors are sitting and drinking together. Halfway there she turns back and looks at me with a smile of realization.
“You know who’d be great, Ryoka? The Horns of Hammerad! Why don’t we just ask them?”
I blink. Oh. Of course. That would save costs or they could redirect us. I walk over towards Erin, but then one of the adventurers sitting at the table raises his voice?
“The Horns of Hammerad? Aren’t they all dead?”
Erin beams at them.
“What? No! No, they’ve reformed, didn’t you hear? After they uh—they lost people at the Ruins in Liscor—”
One of the men snorts. He’s in his late twenties by the looks of him, and he’s got day-old stubble on his face.
“I heard about that disaster. Four adventuring teams dead and only a handful of survivors thanks to a bunch of incompetent Captains. You’re telling me someone’s stupid enough to keep the name after that? They should have quit being adventurers before they ever went on another mission.”
I stop in my tracks and bite my lips. Erin pauses, and the smile on her face freezes. The second adventurer looks at his companion.
“Who survived? I heard everyone got slaughtered down there.”
“At least two made it out. The half-Elf and the Silver Captain.”
