3.03
Page 13
I’m just a bit tired. At the end of my rope, you could say. It’s not that I don’t have anything to do; I’ve got too much to do.
Time to go on another delivery. I start walking in the direction of the Runner’s Guild again. I might not be feeling at the top of my game, but at least I can always count on running to take the stress away.
 
—-
 
“I’m looking for a delivery to another city, but I can’t find any requests. Do you have any?”
The receptionist in the Runner’s Guild looks up at me and frowns. She taps one finger against her lips and nods at last.
“We…have the daily letter delivery for Wales if you’re interested.”
Her hesitation is warranted. No one likes that delivery. I make a face.
“Nothing else?”
“Nothing. Sorry Miss Ryoka.”
The [Receptionist] shrinks back slightly in her seat as I stare at her. After a minute I nod.
“Fine. Give me that delivery.”
 
—-
 
I run through the snow, and then onto harder, slippery ground that’s been frozen over and not thawed. I frown and run back into the snow. It might be more constricting, but thanks to Erin’s soup that I took another drink of before I left, it’s easier to run through the grass underneath the snow than the slippery road.
I’m doing the bulk letter delivery to Wales. It’s…well, it’s not exactly anything to write home about. Or anywhere else for that matter.
Bulk delivery. Just like the post office, letters are taken in and a huge bag full of them is sent off with a City Runner each day to the other cities. It’s a standard delivery, and since it’s so easy, it pays next to nothing.
I haven’t done it since I started working as a Runner. Where did all the big deliveries go? Do people just not need anything during the winter months? No, that can’t be true. Must just be a slow day.
But, like always, I’m not alone. A cloud of faeries flies around me, watching me with heavy-lidded eyes as I run at a good pace through the snow. But all the faces of the faeries aren’t filled with their usual calculated expressions of glee or anticipation. Instead, they all look bored.
It’s actually sort of bugging me. I glance around at the faeries. Some are frowning, and I rarely see them do that. Why haven’t they gone to bother someone else? But then one flying furthest from me speaks, and I hear her voice clearly over the rushing wind.
 
“No. This is boring. I don’t want to do it anymore.”
 
That’s odd. I stare at the faerie who said that. She has a very unhappy expression on her face. She flies into the center of the herd of faeries and raises her voice as she points at me.
 
“You’re boring now. Boring. Mortal, do something interesting.”
 
“I’m no one’s monkey. Get lost.”
I wave at the faerie as she flies around me. She blows ice fragments into my face, making me curse and nearly trip as she shouts at the other faeries.
 
“See? She does naught! I won’t follow anymore. Not even if a Wyvern flew down and dragged her screaming into the air!”
 
All the faeries look up hopefully. So do I. Nothing. The faerie makes a disgusted sound.
 
“I am done. There are other places to be, other mortals to watch and bother. Not her.”
 
That sounds completely fine to me. Why wouldn’t the faeries go annoy someone else if I’m not entertaining them? They’ve done so before.
But this time, the faerie’s words seem to have a lot more significance to them. The other faeries exchange looks, and then begin to argue overhead.
 
“But she wants—”
“Nae, I don’t care as well! We’ve done this too long!”
“Yeah! She went to the Dragon and nothing happened!”
“I’m going!”
“Me too!”
“I’m staying. No. Wait. I’m going too!”
