3.03
Page 18
No. I should have known not all fairies were alike. I just—okay, maybe that was fairly racist. Speciesist? Why is it that the immortal species, Dragons and fae, tend to leave me thoughtless and speechless? It’s like all of my cynicism and complex questions fade away in their presence. There’s no doubting their presence when they’re in front of you.
The faerie points at something close to falling off the edge of my desk. The bag of holding and golden coins sits innocuously; just large enough for a handful of coins at best, certainly not large enough to hold this magical book. But it can hold a huge amount of space—all my bed covers and two chairs besides, I’ve found. After that it just acts like a normal bag until I start pulling stuff out. I haven’t yet found the courage to put my head inside.
 
“Yon lies your prize for a Dragon’s duel. Golden coins and a magic bag to hold them. ‘Tis every mortal’s dream, isn’t it? Or did you want something else from the old scales and smoke?”
 
“I don’t know. Did I?”
The faerie flies forwards and smacks me on the nose before I can blink. I yelp and touch my frozen flesh—she glares at me.
 
“Either you did or ye didn’t. Don’t answer a question with a question, ye prat.”
 
Again, I have to restrain the urge to punch back. I’d probably lose, and I know the faeries are prickly. And she’s right. Sort of.
“Sorry. I don’t know what I wanted from him. Maybe I could have asked him to teach me magic.”
 
“He would have said no. He’s a lazy oaf, that wyrm.”
 
“Maybe. But I got most of what I wanted.”
She nods, and I fall silent for a second. The real question is burning on my tongue. I have to know, so I ask it.
“Why did you stay when the others left? What do the fae really want with me? With this world?”
She looks at me archly.
 
“Why ask a question you know I will not answer? You want to know more than you should. You ask a question I could not answer with ten thousand words as if it were a simple thing.”
 
“Sue me. I’m curious. Is what I asked too broad? Why are you following me?”
The faerie sighs with exasperated patience.
 
“Why do I follow anyone?”
 
“I thought you said not to answer a question with a question.”
This time I’m ready and I swat at her as she flies at my face. The faerie flips over my hand with nimble grace and kicks my forehead. For a small creature she hits hard.
 
“Smart as an ass, aren’t ye? I follow and watch ye in case you do something of worth. You told me and my kin stories, and dared to defy the fates. You bargained with a Dragon, and met one who rules over death. Is there any other mortal I should bother following that’s done more?”
 
When she says it like that…I almost blush. I clear my throat. It’s so awkward, but the faerie doesn’t seem the least bit embarrassed, and that just makes me embarrassed. She doesn’t lie; she just says what she thinks.
“You’ve been following me for a while, haven’t you? I thought you were familiar—have I spoken to you specifically before?”
She nods and flashes me a smile.
 
“Oh yes. I followed you with the others as you ran, and I was the one you struck. I listened to tales of Humans from your world, and it was I who warned you of the armies and led you through the forest. I was there when you cast the bargain, and I accepted the second price. I am surprised you noticed; most beings cannot tell us apart.”
 
I thought so. For the longest time I just thought of all the faeries as one and the same, but this one—she and I have spoken more than I thought. I stare at the small faerie, and feel a sudden connection with her.
