3.03
Page 14
“Let’s go bother a King! Or a Queen!”
“I want to eat berries in the jungle!”
 
The faeries…begin flying away. They flutter upwards in a storm of flashing wings and movement. I stare up at them, my heart beating out of my chest for some reason.
They’re going? Forever? Or will they come back? What they said—
I don’t mind. Not at all. If the Frost Faeries leave me alone, no one will be happier than I…
I stumble on something in the snow. When I raise my foot, I see blood. Cut my skin on a bit of rock. Damn.
Then I look up, and they’re gone. The sky is clear, and the faeries—
The Frost Faeries are gone. The winter they brought remains, but the magic has left. I feel empty. Relieved?
No. Not relieved. They’re gone, and I don’t know why.
I turn back to my run. Don’t think about it. Why would they do that? What did they mean? How was I boring? Was it something I did? What was so wrong about the game of riddles with Teriarch?
A flash of liquid ice to my left. My head snaps around so fast I hear a crick.
They’re not all gone. I see a pale blue shape flying in the air beside me. A Frost Faerie, easily keeping pace with me as I run through the snowy landscape.
One of them is still following. Just one, flying up and to my right, sitting in the air as her wings beat disproportionately slowly to the speed she’s going. Just one.
For some reason, the tension in my heart eases. I feel a bit lighter, although I don’t know why. I stare at the faerie and nearly trip again. She waves at me and grins.
Why is she here? I open my mouth to ask, and then see something to my right. Something closing in fast.
Instantly, I reach for a potion at my belt and slow as I fixate on that, forgetting completely about the faerie. I see a blur—something racing through the snow, and—is that laughter? And I see a pale, pinched face, and catch a glimpse of someone for just one second before she’s past me, speeding down the frozen road at a pace I could never match.
I come to a dead stop in the snow, my feet melting the snow I stand on as I stare at the already distant figure running past me, towards another city.
No way. It can’t be. But I say it out loud anyways.
“Is that…Persua?”
 
—-
 
I have no idea. I think it was Persua. She has that same sallow* face and annoying complexion as ever, and her running form was crap.
 
*I know sallow isn’t the right word, but I’m still using it for her. Pinched is probably a better word, but I like sallow.
 
But the way she moved! She was moving faster than I was—way faster. How? No, I know how. A Skill. But can it really happen that fast? Persua was the slowest City Runner I knew, even slower than Garia because she took regular breaks. And now—
I shake my head as I sit in the small room I’ve rented in the Frenzied Hare. Erin’s got her own room for which I’m grateful; I need the alone time right now.
I finished my delivery. It was an easy thing; I don’t even have to track down the individual recipients myself with a bulk delivery. I just hand it over to the receptionist at the local Runner’s Guild and get my pay.
Easy. And now I’m relaxing in my room, using the few hours I have before dinner to do some studying. Not dwelling on Persua; studying.
I sigh and look back at the massive tome in front of me. A book—a magical spell book lies on the table in front of me, so big there’s nowhere else on the table for me to put anything else.
I’m studying magic. That’s what I’ve been doing every day, while Erin causes havoc in Octavia’s shop and generally runs about the city. I’ve cut back on doing my deliveries to make time for this.
