3.03
Page 19
“So all of your sisters are gone because I’m too boring and you’re still sticking around. What do you want?”
 
“What do ye think I want?”
 
The faerie looks me in the eye, practically daring me to point out her evasiveness. I don’t do that this time. Instead, I think. She’s not answering me because she can’t. Or she doesn’t want to. So what’s the answer?
“Maybe…because you want something of me. Or there’s something I can do for you?”
The tiny faerie rolls her eyes.
 
“Hah!”
 
Okay, that’s not it. Then there’s something else. Or—
“Could it be you just want to see what happens next?”
 
“An obvious answer. I suppose ye are right.”
 
The faerie shakes her small head, disappointed. I feel guilty, as if I’ve failed an easy test. But what could she want?
I wish Erin were here to answer. She’d have the damn answer in a second, somehow. She’s better with people than I am. She’d be making friends with the fae in a heartbeat—she could probably befriend a rabid bear.
But then—even she’s had problems with the fae before. She told me about their scam with the fake flowers. I’m really the only person who’s dealt with them for a long period of time. The faeries have hung around me, and I even managed to gain their respect.
And this one has followed me a long ways. Even when her friends are gone she’s stuck around? Why? That’s almost like…
Like…
“A friend.”
The faerie looks up at me. She’d been busy spinning around in the air, but now she pauses, completely upside down and stares at me.
 
“What?”
 
“Is that what you want? A friend?”
It’s a stupid question. And a stupid conclusion to make. We’re not in a kid’s tv show, but maybe—no.
Yes.
 
“Friends? Ye would be friends with the fae?”
 
She scoffs at me, mockingly. But the tiny fae face isn’t as genuinely annoyed as normal, and I see what looks like a smile twitching around the scowl. I grin at her.
“Maybe. I wouldn’t mind having one of you floating about. I know of a certain hero that did that for quite a long time.”
 
“I’m no pet, mortal.”
 
“No, but you are interested in me. And if you’re going to follow me about, why not get to know one another?”
The faerie lies down sideways on the air and props her head on one hand as she stares at me. Seriously, this time.
 
“Do you know what would happen if ye dared to mingle with the fae? There are laws, mortal. Ones that shouldn’t be crossed.”
 
I hesitate. Now I feel like I’m being tested. But I can only go on what I know of her. I’ve seen so much of the fae, and I think I understand the answer to this question. I nod at her, just as serious as she is.
“There are consequences. I know. Dire ones. But wouldn’t a friend be willing to risk anything for another friend? I’d be honored to get to know you, if you’d let me.”
For a second the faerie’s face is blank. She stares at me from head to toe. And then she grins at me.
 
“Good! You finally understand a bit. You are such a fool, you, that I thought ye’d never figure it out.”
 
I blink at her. But the faerie flies closer, and smiles again.
 
“I’ve grown interested in your kind again, after so long. If you want to talk with me, I suppose a friend would be better than strangers, eh?”
 
I can’t believe it. But suddenly my heart is beating fast, and I feel a surge of passion and life in my chest. I feel alive again.
“I—of course. I’d be honored, as I said. My name is Ryoka Griffin, but you know that. Can I ask your name or is that wrong?”
The faerie considers this.
 
“My name—my truest of names—is a secret to all. And ye would not be able to pronounce it even so. But you may call me…Ivolethe.”
 
