3.03
Page 17
The faerie stares at me for a second, and then nods in agreement. She alights on my windowsill and dances into the room, twirling and leaping onto my desk with effortless grace. Her feet leave frost on the wood wherever they touch, and I can sense the chill from her.
The faerie shivers, although I don’t. She looks around the room darkly.
 
“Too much cold iron here. ‘Tis not a good place for true magics, or my kind. But then, ye can’t even master a few tricks, so the iron doubtless hinders ye little.”
 
It’s the first words she says. Not ‘hello’ or ‘how are you?’ or even ‘sorry I was spying on you this entire time’. She just jumps into the heart of the conversation like that. I like that about faeries.
“You mean iron interferes with spells? Is that why I can’t master this one?”
The faerie shakes her head at me as she scoffs at the large tome on my table. She steps on one of the pages and kicks the parchment with a foot.
 
“Pshaw. The magic yon book teaches is only a fragment of true magic. Ye should know that.”
 
“I do. But I don’t know real magic. A fragment is better than nothing.”
The faerie nods, and looks at me.
 
“True. But you cannot learn even that, can ye? I’ve been watching you, and a toad would pick up that spell faster than ye can.”
 
I bite my tongue. But she’s right.
“I can’t figure it out.”
 
“And neither will you. You think too much and feel far too little. You look for rules where none exist, and make your own to hold you back. Ye won’t learn magic like this.”
 
I don’t want to hear that. But the faerie’s words ring true. I clench my teeth again, but—she’s not trying to be rude. Okay, she’s doing it without much thought, but I know enough about faeries to realize she’s being direct with me, and as helpful as she can.
“Thanks for the advice.”
She inclines her head regally. I know I shouldn’t ever thank a faerie, at least according to legend, but she doesn’t seem malicious. Hell, the faeries know my full name and they haven’t done anything to me.
What do they want? I clear my throat awkwardly again as the faerie looks around my little room. Here I am, with a faerie in my room. I should…she’s the last one. I need to ask questions. First though, make her welcome.
“Can I offer you anything? Something to eat or drink?”
 
“Do ye have anything?”
 
“…No.”
 
“Then don’t offer, fool.”
 
Okay, off to a bad start. I stare at the faerie as she leaps up into the air at eye height and sits there, as if there’s an invisible cushion under her.
“Why are you here? By yourself, I mean. All of your friends flew off.”
 
“They did. They grew bored of ye, and went to find excitement somewhere else.”
 
A straightforward answer. But I still don’t get why.
“Is it because of Teriarch and the game of riddles I played with him? Is that why they all left?”
 
“In part.”
 
The faerie nods as she scratches at the bottom of her foot with a tiny digit. She yawns widely, showing me sharp teeth.
 
“My sisters think ‘twas ill done. They dislike the trickery of numbers, but it is just as good as the trickery of words to me.”
 
“You disagree?”
 
“I like such things now and then, and it was well done to win even in losing. We are not all alike, my kin. Does it surprise you that one of us would like the dance of thoughts as much as the dance of tongues?”
 
