3.04
Page 15
For a while Ivolethe studies me. Then she smiles, teeth flashing in the winter sunlight.
 
“It is. But mortals have always wished for such. That is why you spread like wildfire while we remain, timeless.”
 
She looks rueful and sad, and happy at the same time, like an adult watching a child play. My heart aches.
“I don’t know what to do. What would you do, in my place, Ivolethe?”
She looks at me from head to toe.
 
“What is it you’ve dreamed of, Ryoka Griffin? What do you wish for with all your heart?”
 
It’s an important question, but I know the answer in a second. I just have to think back to the day I started running. I speak my reply to her and the cold.
“I always wanted to run like the wind. I felt it once, when you led me and Mrsha away from the Goblin army.”
I remember the rushing air behind me, and the sense of weightlessness I felt. Each step was forever, and I watched the world fly past me. For a second I was wind, and I lived my dream.
 
“Well then, I would search for that. I would seek to run as the wind, for that is my dream. If I did not chase such things, I would not be mortal, no?”
 
“How?”
I have to laugh.
“Even a Courier couldn’t run like that. At least, not Val or Hawk. And certainly not without levels. How would I ever get that fast, when I can’t even outrun Persua?”
Ivolethe spreads two tiny hands.
 
“We are friends, are we not? What do friends do but help each other?”
 
She grins at me again, and I pause.
“What? How could you help?”
 
“You want to study magic? To become better? I told you once; you will not find what you look for in a book. But perhaps it is because ye haven’t seen what magic truly is.”
 
I know what she’s hinting at. But I have to hear it out loud.
“What are you suggesting?”
Slowly, Ivolethe flies upwards until she sits in the air in front of me. She looks me in the eye, still smiling.
 
“I’ll teach you the ways of the fae, not the tricks mortals use. I will teach you to listen to the wind and run like we do. That is what a friend does for a poor mortal who wishes to be better than she is.”
 
My heart is thundering. My breath catches in my throat.
“Can you do that? Isn’t it against the rules?”
 
“No one has made rules against this. No one has been mad enough to try. But for you, friend, I would try. It’s worth a shot, eh?”
 
I look at her. Ivolethe grins at me, a tiny, mad faerie. My friend. I stare back at her, a shivering, depressed Human girl who dreams of flying. Slowly, I offer her a hand.
“If you’d be crazy enough to try it, I’d be forever in your debt.”
Ivolethe wrinkles her face in disgust and slaps away my hand.
 
“Bah. Do not make such promises so lightly. Nae, I offer you this: I will try to teach you to run like the wind for one thing.”
 
“Name it.”
 
“Friendship.”
 
She offers me a tiny hand. I don’t hesitate. I reach out, and her grip is like melting ice, winter’s thaw, the moment of tiny warmth in the frozen heart of the world. We shake, and it is done.
A faerie’s bargain. A friend’s promise. A child’s dream.
The wind blows, and my heart races off with it.
To run like the wind.
 

