3.04
Page 14
It’s not over. I’ve never seen anyone look like that, but I know without a doubt that she meant every word she said to me. Part of me wishes I’d gone back and taken my knife and stabbed her right there and then. She’s never going to forget. But I’m not a murderer.
No matter how close I got back there.
“What a mess. What a horrible, terrible…”
The faerie looks up at me. I stare down at her. In a way, this is all her fault. Persua would have left me alone if I’d just walked on. But I can’t hate her for what she did. It’s what I’d do for Erin, the exact same.
“From now on, I’m not taking you inside ever again. Got it?”
She nods.
 
“That is fair.”
 
I shiver. Now I’m feeling the cold again, but I stay seated, cross-legged.
“I’m just glad you’re okay. If that Runner or Persua had tried—would they have killed you?”
Another nod.
 
“Better that you had let them. If she had slain me, her death would have followed before the next moon rose in the sky.”
 
Chill from within, chill without. I stare at Ivolethe.
“Who would have killed her? The other faeries?”
She shakes her tiny head.
 
“Not my sisters, no. There are others among the Winter Court who move in matters of death. And they are far more terrible than we.”
 
I don’t want to know. I don’t. Ivolethe’s face—I don’t want to know. Some things about the fae terrify me.
“It’s better that you didn’t die.”
 
“Perhaps. But that girl—she swore a dire oath against you. Such things can only be resolved in blood.”
 
“You’re probably right.”
I know she is. But I can’t think about that now. I can’t, or I’ll have to choose between killing her now or—
“She’ll be a Courier. And I won’t see her.”
 
“Bah. That one would give up all for vengeance. Her blades will find you no matter how far apart ye are.”
 
“I guess I’ve just got to outrun her, then. Although she’s faster than I am now.”
 
“Mm.”
 
We sit in silence for a while longer. I bow my head. Ivolethe just looks at the still landscape.
“I was jealous of her, you know. Just a bit. I don’t like Skills and Classes but—I’m so slow and weak without them.”
Ivolethe looks up at me silently. I avert my gaze; look at the gray horizon as I try to explain.
“It’s always the same argument. I think I’m giving away something by leveling up. Or—or I’m compromising, taking the easy route to success without any effort. But there is effort required, and what’s the harm in doing what everyone else is doing? It’s only logical.”
More silence. Ivolethe just listens as I externalize my struggle and confess.
“But it’s hard. I want to be strong. Erin’s—she’s stronger than me in so many ways. But I thought that would be fine. I could do things my own way, become a Courier even—I had Octavia’s potions, and I can even do magic. But it turns out I can’t even do magic that well.”
Some snow blows off of the ground and into the air. I watch it whirl upwards and away.
“I can’t do magic. And I’ve hit my limit physically. I could—try altering my body, I guess. Teriarch mentioned that. But that’s cheating too. I just wish there was a way to be faster. Just faster. If I were faster, I’d be happy with the rest.”
 
“So what is it ye wish?”
 
Ivolethe turns to face me in the snow. I look down at her, and feel that same sense of envy.
“I wish I was better. Just…better.”
 
“‘Tis a tall wish. Even a King could not grant your request. Why not be content with your self as it is now? You are brave and quick; is there aught else you need?”
 
I know she’s right, but at the same time, she’s wrong. I shake my head and shiver.
“Who I am isn’t enough. I want to become more. Is that too much to ask?”
