3.04
Page 11
I stride forwards, but Persua and her cronies immediately block my way. She stares at me, blood dripping from the scratches on her face and the places where Ivolethe yanked away skin as well as hair.
“You did this.”
I ignore Persua and look at the Runner holding her. He’s uncertain, but his grip on Ivolethe is strong and no matter how hard she struggles, she clearly can’t break free. And neither is she freezing him either; she must not be able to without her magic.
“That’s not a monster. That’s a Frost Faerie. Let her go, now.”
“A Winter Sprite?”
He looks at Ivorethe, stunned. She tries to move her head, but his fingernail is under her chin. She glares and dripples spit onto his thumb, but that’s all she can do.
“Kill it.”
Persua hisses at the other Runner. He hesitates. My heart constricts, and I raise my voice.
“Harm her, and I will kill you. My word on it.”
The Runner looks back to me. He’s one of Persua’s flunkies, but I know my eyes are serious. I mean every word. Persua looks at me, and then at the faerie. Then she smiles evilly.
“Is this your friend? Do you have to make friends with monsters since no one else likes you?”
I ignore Persua and hold out a hand.
“Give her to me.”
“Don’t listen to her.”
Persua interposes herself between the Runner and me. She gestures, and now her posse steps around me. I don’t even look at them; my eyes are on Ivolethe.
“I’ve never seen a Winter Sprite before. Is this what they really look like? They must be the rarest of all monsters; how did you catch this one?”
I try to tune out Persua’s words. What can I do? If I grab for her, what if Ivorlethe gets hurt? How can I talk Persua down peacefully? No—it’s the Runner who’s got her. Focus on him.
But Persua blocks my view of the Runner. She looks at me, and now I see the hatred shining in her eyes, pure and simple. She turns to look at the other Runners.
“Have any of you ever heard of a Frost Faerie being captured? No? I bet that if we sold her to a [Merchant] or an [Alchemist], they’d pay hundreds, no, thousands of gold coins for her.”
The Runners around me shift. The mention of that kind of money changes their eyes, and some of them slowly walk over to the crowd around me.
Shit. This is bad. But I have to let Ivolethe get free. I look past Persua and raise my voice.
“If you harm her, you will suffer for it. I don’t care how many people you’ve got; I’m not letting you take her. She’s a living being.”
“She attacked me!”
“So?”
Persua hisses with fury. She takes a step forwards, and her arm jostles the Runner holding her. Instantly, Ivolethe shouts, her voice ringing in the Guild.
 
“Sisters! Sisters, hear me call and take retribution—”
 
Her voice cuts off as the Runner reapplies pressure on her chin. But the damage is done. I see the other Runners looking nervous and try to capitalize on that.
“Did you hear that? She just shouted for her sisters. You’ve seen the Frost Faeries and what they do when they’re mad. What do you think will happen if you kill one of their own?”
That makes the Runners think twice. Some of them shift and edge back a bit. No one wants to suffer the vengeance of creatures that bring the winter, no matter how much they might earn.
Persua looks uneasy too, but she’s too stupid to think straight. She whirls and screeches at the Runner.
“Shut her up! Squash her already!”
“Don’t do it.”
The Runner holding Ivolethe hesitates. His hand shakes and the faerie is gasping, but he doesn’t let go. I step forwards.
“Let her go. Now.”
“You coward! Give it to me! I’ll do it!”
