3.04
Page 0

When I came down with Ivolethe on my shoulder Erin freaked out.
“Oh my god! A faerie!”
She doesn’t do subtle. As every eye turns to me I glance at Ivolethe. The small fairy is just sitting on my shoulder, looking around with keen interest.
She’s not even that cold; she’s definitely part ice, but she’s not giving me frostbite, which  I think is a definite improvement. To be honest, it’s like having a miniature air conditioner on my shoulder. Not ideal in the winter, but I’d pay anything for one on a hot summer day.
“How’d she get in? Don’t cause an avalanche again! Please? It’s not even my inn!”
I have to smile as Erin tries to shield herself with a serving tray as a shield. She really, really can’t do subtle. I wait for someone to ask what Erin’s looking at—
Until I realize they’re still staring. Everyone. Agnes, the guests, the two barmaids—everyone. And they’re looking directly at Ivolethe.
Slowly, I look at the faerie on my shoulder. She looks like normal, but—
“Hey Ivolethe. Can the others…see you?”
The faerie shrugs as she looks around the room.
 
“Perhaps. There is much iron here. Too much for a glamour.”
 
She looks at some of the gaping faces.
 
“Yes. I think they can, or they would not gape like buffoons.”
 
“It talks!”
Agnes exclaims in tones of ringing horror. Yep. They can hear Ivolethe, too. I stare at Erin. She stares at me.
“Wait, where are the rest of them, Ryoka?”
I look around the room. Everyone’s still staring. This is amazingly awkward.
“I’ll uh—explain in a bit. Can we get a seat, Erin? Agnes?”
That breaks the spell. In a few seconds I’m seated in the center of the room, while everyone tries to cluster around me asking questions. I hate it. I try to relocate to a corner of the room, but Erin won’t hear of it and Agnes is beaming. She probably smells another attraction for the inn.
Ivolethe looks unconcerned as well. She stares up at the Humans around us, older men and women mostly, mostly married couples or travelers, and sniffs. I’ll say this for her and the other faeries; they’ve all got the air of little queens, with the arrogance to match.
 
“Well? What are ye staring at?”
 
No one moves. Even Erin’s staring with fascination at Ivolethe as she sits on my shoulder. I clear my throat.
“She’s right. This is private, so if you’d all leave now?”
 
“Yes, begone or I will curse ye with faerie magic!”
 
No one moves. Ivolethe scowls. For my part, I’m at a loss. Normally my…charming disposition helps scare away even the friendliest busybody, but these people are too fascinated by her. One of them, a burly man with massive forearms, speaks.
“Is this really a Winter Sprite? Truly?”
“Yup! Doesn’t she look cool? I guess faeries can’t disguise themselves when they’re indoors, huh?”
More confusion and looks among the other onlookers.
“Faeries? What are faeries?”
I open my mouth at the same time Erin does, but both of us pause. This world doesn’t know about the fae? Even though there are actual faeries that visit regularly? Ivolethe sits up with indignation on my shoulder.
 
“Whelp! Ignorant fool! I am a member of the Winter Court! I demand respect!”
 
The man just looks at her curiously. I sense…trouble.
“They’re the creatures that bring winter each year?”
“And throw snow at us from the sky?”
“And torment the animals?”
Some of the other onlookers look closer at Ivolethe. To her credit, she shows not a whit of fear. Can faeries even feel fear? When have I ever seen them even acting afraid? Oh yeah. When they were facing down a fire-breathing Dragon. Shit.
“I don’t think annoying her is a good idea.”
