3.04
Page 10
She doesn’t. Persua eyes me, her companions, and then decides not to risk it. She tosses her head and turns away.
“You’re not even worth my time.”
“Coward.”
I toss the insult at her back and see it stiffen. I don’t know why I said it; my mouth just won’t stop in situations like this. Persua turns back, a smile full of hate on her face. We don’t even try to pretend towards civility now.
“Fingerless insect. My back is all you’ll see of me from now on.”
“Beats looking at your face.”
“How many mutts and lizards did you sleep with in Liscor?”
“Oh you know, one or two. More people than you’ll ever sleep with in your life.”
“I wouldn’t touch one of those mongrels or scaly freaks with a stick.”
“They’d just run away screaming when they saw your face.”
“Whore.”
“Bitch.”
“You’ll be stuck here forever, you pathetic, classless slug.”
“And you’ll never be a proper Courier in a thousand years.”
We meet eyes for one last moment, and then Persua turns away. I let her walk to the other side of the room, followed by the group and don’t make any move until she’s laughing loudly with them and not looking at me. Then I sigh and turn back to Garia. She looks like she’s swallowed her tongue.
Well, that was fun. Now I’ve got to warn Erin about Persua as well.
I hate my life.
“I’m out of here. Garia, do you want to join me in the Frenzied Hare? I could use a drink.”
Garia starts and stammers as she looks at me.
“I uh—I—”
She doesn’t want to get on Persua’s bad side. Fine. I sigh and stand up. My heart is pounding fast, but I got the better of Persua in that one. No matter how hard she laughs—
I’m halfway across the smooth wood floor when I sense a blur. Persua seems to blink across the room, and then I feel her foot tangle with mine. She moves too fast for me to react; I trip forwards—
And catch myself, thanks to an ungainly wind milling of arms. I’ve been tripped before, and I’ve got a good stance. Nevertheless, I stumble forwards and hear Persua’s mocking laughter.
“How clumsy of you. What happened, Ryoka?”
I turn and look at her. She’s smirking off to one side, daring me to say something. I consider my options, and decide it’s not worth it. That’s her small victory; if she does it again she’s dead.
I walk on, adjusting my belt pouch. Persua’s still laughing, but I just make sure she didn’t grab anything from me. Potions? Check. Teriarch’s bag of holding? Check. Belt pouches?
One of the pouches is undone. I feel at it, and find cold, greasy meat and jam-covered crumbs in the pouch. Nothing else. My heart skips a beat. I whirl around—
 
“Vengeance!”
 
The shout springs from the tiny Frost Faerie that flies at Persua’s face. The girl only has a moment to scream before Ivolethe is all over her. The faerie flies around Persua, shouting triumphantly as Persua screams and people shout in surprise.
 
“Take this! And suffer that, ye mortal wench!”
 
She rips at Persua’s hair, tearing out strands and bites and scratches at Persua’s face. The girl is screaming, flailing at the small creature, but Ivolethe is everywhere. But then Persua’s hand connects with the faerie by pure chance, and Ivolethe is flung to the ground.
“What is it? Kill it!”
Persua shrills as another Runner dashes forwards and scoops Ivolethe up. She yells at him and tries to bite, but he has a finger under her chin. Everyone goes silent as they see for the first time what Ivolethe is.
“What creature is this?”
“Is it—it’s not a monster? A Fraerling? It’s too pale! And it has wings!”
“Let her go.”
