3.04
Page 3
“The faerie’s drink would be given to people trusted enough to enter a faerie mound. They would be able to see the secret world with it. Could it be that?”
A rude snort.
 
“Hardly. Ye cannot simply make the faerie’s drink by chance. Ye would need the essence of countless gases and things not known to ye humans. Poisons and humors of foul natures beyond your ken.”
 
“Such as…?”
Ivolethe sighs dramatically. But there’s a wicked gleam in her eyes.
 
“Ye truly want to know? Then, grab as many insects as ye can, Humans! Crunch them up in your mouth, for one of the ingredients is the shell of bugs that may be used to create blood out of water.”
 
“Ew! You have to eat that?”
Ivolethe nods in satisfaction as Erin wrinkles her nose. But I pause. Blood out of water? That sounds like part of a riddle; probably the rhyme to the faeries’ drink they’d tell people. Blood out of water. A dye?
“When you say insects that can be used to create blood out of water…do you mean carmine? In that case, Erin and I have eaten lots of that already.”
“What? We have?”
Erin turns horrified eyes to me. Ivolethe looks up sharply as well. I nod.
“Carmine is a big ingredient in anything colored red, Erin. Skittles, lemonade…if you’ve had anything like that in the past, you’ve eaten ground up insect shells.”
Just a little bit, in truth. But Erin turns pale and Ivolethe looks…
 
“Well, there are many other things that go into the brew. Not just…that.”
 
“Maybe we’ve eaten all the ingredients before.”
“Really? Like bugs?”
“We eat countless bugs each year, Erin. They’re all ground up in our food. And companies use a lot of preservatives…”
I think out loud as Erin makes gagging sounds over her meat.
“The U.S. government started putting fluoride in the water decades ago. And we breathe in any number of pollutants that we didn’t in the past. Add that to whatever they put in most foods in the form of preservatives and to change the taste…Ivolethe, what else goes into your brew?”
 
“As if I’d tell you! The brew is secret to all mortals! And ye’d never guess in a million years!”
 
“Really? Let me just list off a few things and you let me know if I’m getting close. Sodium nitrate? Propylene glycol? Uh…what’s it called…olestra? Monosodium glutamate? Sodium benzoate?”
She glares at me.
 
“I do not know half of these names! You must be making them up!”
 
“Really? Well, sodium benzoate originally came from benzoin, a resin found on trees. It’s an ingredient in incense—”
I see Ivolethe’s eyes widen. Just for a fraction of a second, and then her head spins away.
 
“I-I don’t know anything about such things. This talk bores me!”
 
Erin and I exchange a glance. But Ivolethe’s mouth is clamped shut. Erin leans over to me, looking slightly green.
“Do you think it’s true?”
“What, that we ate all of the ingredients of the faerie brew? It might be possible. We eat a lot of weird stuff, Erin.”
“Not that! Do we really eat bugs?”
I sigh.
“Yes. We do, Erin. You know about all the stuff food companies put in candy and fast food. Why are you surprised?”
“I thought they were just chemicals and poisonous stuff! If I knew bugs were in Skittles, I’d never eat any again!”
“That’s not—why would you be okay with…? Okay, never mind Erin. Ivolethe?”
 
“You shall get nothing from me! I will not reveal my kind’s secrets so easily!”
 
The faerie sinks up to her ears in the cold soup. I raise my hands.
“I’m not going to ask you any more questions. I was just curious. Why don’t we talk about something else.”
“Yes! Let’s!”
