3.04
Page 2
Erin’s face falls. I don’t quite look at her, and I’m not quite smiling behind my hand. Looks like she’s met someone she can’t instantly charm. Hah!
“What? But you guys like me, right?”
 
“Why should I or any of my kin like a thoughtless waste of space like ye?”
 
“I…I made that big feast for you all! You loved it! And you paid me in gold, which turned out to be fake flowers—but you said it was a great meal! You did!”
I cough.
“I don’t think Ivolethe was there, Erin. Not all the faeries stayed around your inn. Some were with me the entire time.”
“Oh. But I did make food! Magical food! I even got a Skill from it!”
Ivolethe looks slightly impressed. She stops eating to study Erin from head to toe, at any rate.
 
“Truly? A faerie’s banquet? I was not there, but my kin spoke of it. My answer remains no.”
 
I interrupt Erin before she can try again. I’m not sure how Ivolethe would react if Erin pushed the matter—and I don’t want her losing a digit.
“I’m sure Erin respects your decisions, Ivolethe. But she’s my friend as well. My best Human friend. I uh, was just wondering if we could talk. Unless you’re busy?”
Erin gives me a betrayed glance, but Ivolethe just shakes her head. She sinks deeper into the bowl of soup; I notice the steam has already stopped rising, and it looks like the gravy is starting to congeal thanks to Ivolethe’s freezing presence.
 
“If I had aught to do, I would be doing it. And we are already talking, fool.”
 
Yikes. Ivolethe may call herself my friend, but she’s clearly going to be the kind of friend who uses words as barbs no matter how close we are. I always wondered what having a friend like that would be like.
I wondered what having a true friend would be like, too. Maybe that’s why I can’t stop smiling. Erin’s looking at both me and the faerie oddly.
“You look so creepy right now, Ryoka.”
“Shut up, Erin. Ivolethe? Why can everyone see you indoors? Is it because of the iron?”
Ivolethe sits up a bit in her bowl as two more come for Erin and me, complete with soft, warm sliced bread. She stares around at the other tables, and the other guests instantly look down at their food.
 
“Hmf. It is the iron. Too much of it interferes with our magic. Outside it would not matter, but indoors is like a cage in a way. I cannot use my spells. But I can bite.”
 
She grins at me again with those sharp teeth. Erin shudders.
“Interesting. But Erin and I can see you no matter if we’re outside or not. Why is that?”
A tiny shrug.
 
“I do not know. If ye had the eyes of a cat or god—or ye were great masters of magic like Myrddin, it would make sense. But ye aren’t.”
 
Erin looks confused.
“Who’s Myrddin?”
“Merlin, Erin.”
“Oh. Oh. Merlin! He’s real! What’s he like? Does he have a cool staff? What kind of magic did he—”
I cut Erin off, although I really want to know as well. The thing about faeries is that you have to stick to one subject and keep bothering them about it. Get sidetracked and they’ll lead you down a merry trail of breadcrumbs, but never get to the truth.
“We don’t have that kind of magic, Ivolethe. So how else would we see you? Are there any ways mortals can see faeries?”
She shrugs again.
 
“Plenty. If you stood in the right place under full moon, or caught us dancing without glamor—if you had the secret drink of the fae, you would be able to see us, but I would know if ye were taught thusly.”
 
“Drink? Of the fae?”
Erin looks confused…again…so I explain it to her. How does she not know any myths about faeries?
