3.04
Page 8
I don’t like her. I hate her guts. But I’m also smart enough to know that she’s goading me in her hour of triumph, hoping to get me in trouble. And you know what?
I’m not going to do a thing. It’s time for the ultimate Ryoka skill: acting impassive. Guaranteed to annoy anyone with an ego.
“I’m not sure if you’ve heard, but I’m going to be a Courier now. Isn’t that wonderful?”
The old man who’s probably the Guildmaster clears his throat nervously.
“Actually Persua, that’s not decided yet. You’re a wonderful Runner of course, but a Courier—”
He brakes off as Persua gives him a vicious look. She turns back and gives me a big, fake smile. I just grunt.
“What do you think, Ryoka? Won’t I be a wonderful Courier?”
“Mhm.”
She blinks at me, and then frowns. I look slowly around and see the other Runners standing and watching us. I know some of them by face, if not name. They’re City Runners, the people who band together and pat each other on the backs. They follow the leader or the fastest Runners, like Fals. Some of them are Persua’s people, but most are just like Garia; afraid to cross someone like Persua.
The others are Street Runners, desperate to suck up to anyone for a bit of help, a leg up, anything. They’re standing behind Persua as if they’re afraid she’ll blast them to ash if she gets unhappy. Garia is frozen in her seat, and I’m at the center of this maelstrom. No way out but deflection. Bring it on, Persua.
“Don’t you want to say something to me? Before I go?”
“Not really.”
I wish I had a drink so I could sip it calmly. I study Garia’s face as Persua’s fake smile turns into a frown.
“You know, I saw you yesterday. Well, I think I saw you. You were moving so slow, I thought, ‘that can’t be Ryoka’. But you were gone so fast—it’s hard, being the fastest Runner around.”
“I’m sure it must be.”
Another scowl, covered up again. Persua might have all the abilities of a weasel, and the ability to backstab people and even orchestrate attacks, but she’s not that good at concealing her emotions.
“You know, I’ve been taking all of the deliveries recently. I just…do them. One after another. It’s so easy.”
Some of the City Runners shift at that, which makes me privately happy. They don’t like Persua much, and I’m sure they’ll be glad to see her back. But I don’t let my features change for an instant.
“Good for you.”
Persua grinds her teeth audibly. I keep my hands on the table, calm, cool, collected. I’m wondering if I can get her to storm off or throw the first punch. I would enjoy that.
But she doesn’t blow her lid. I see Persua pause, and then her eyes flick to the tabletop.
“I notice you’ve lost something. Did you leave your fingers behind on one of your runs?”
The other Runners go silent. I feel the spike of emotion in my stomach. My fingers. Garia gasps in horror as she notices them for the first time, but I refuse to react. I look at Persua coolly, meeting her evil little eyes.
“Are you going to stand around or do some deliveries, Persua? Because if you’re just going to stand around talking, then do it in another corner of the room.”
She blinks at me. I don’t blink back. I hold her gaze; I’ve beaten her in a staring contest before and I’d love to humble her again. But she doesn’t play my game. Instead, she smiles and looks back on me.
Crap. I shouldn’t have reacted. She knows I was annoyed. No help for it.
“I’m so sorry if my little party is bothering you. I suppose great City Runners like you are too busy to socialize, right? Too good for us lesser Runners?”
I shrug.
“Pretty much.”
