3.05 L
Page 7
Lyonette turned red. The Drake scratched awkwardly at the spines on the back of his head and looked past the young woman into the inn. His eyes noted the single plate and dim fire before they returned to her.
“Is Erin back yet?”
Lyonette gulped. She vaguely recognized the Drake; he was Relc, the one Erin had thrown out of the inn earlier. But he was also a guest, wasn’t he? She tried to smile as welcomingly as possible as she opened the door a bit wider.
“Not yet. But would you like to stay and have something to ea—”
“Nope. See ya.”
The Drake turned before Lyonette had even finished her sentence. Desperately, she threw the door open to call out to him, but her breath caught in her chest when she saw the black Antinium standing next to the Drake in the snow. He’d been so still, so silent, she hadn’t even seen him at first.
Klbkch stared at Lyonette for a second and then turned to walk away with the Drake. Lyonette stood in the doorway, staring at the two [Guardsmen]’s backs. They waited until they were a few paces away from the inn to start speaking, but the wind blew their voices up the hill towards her.
“Looks like Erin’s not back yet.”
“Indeed.”
“But who was that Human? I’ve never seen her before, have you?”
“I believe it was the thief that Erin Solstice employed.”
“Who?”
“The one who burned down Miss Krshia’s shop, I believe. The one exiled from the city.”
“Who?”
“The Human girl.”
“There are a lot of—”
“The one who called you ‘scaley oaf’.”
“Oh! Her. Hey, can I go back inside and beat her up a bit?”
Lyonette shrank back in the doorway, but the other voice stopped the first.
“That would not be wise. If Erin Solstice comes back and finds you have attacked her staff, she will most likely ban you for life.”
“Damn. Are you sure?”
“Very. You will have to give her your apology gift later. Although, you will first have to buy her a gift.”
“Hrgh. I know, I know. But what do Human females like, anyways? Should I get her some meat? Jewels? I don’t have that much money on me, you know.”
“I recommend we ask about. There are Humans in the city. Let us ask them.”
“Sure, I guess. If we have to. Hey, where should we eat tonight…?”
The voices trailed off as the wind changed directions. Lyonette shivered as she stood in the open doorway a moment longer, staring out into the dark snow. Then she closed the door. She felt…bad, even though she didn’t know why. But the inn was full of light, especially when she opened the windows and added more fuel to the fire. It was warm and bright and it almost felt like before, even if dinner had been bland. But it wasn’t the same.
It really wasn’t.
 
—-
 
Someone else came by that night. Lyonette was in the kitchen, trying to work out what would make the pasta taste better when she heard the door open. She hurried into the common room and saw a man wearing a worn, serviceable dark cloak shaking snow off of it as he looked around. A dagger at his side was his only weapon, but he walked as if he only needed his piercing glare to kill anything that might accost him.
Lyon recognized him as well. The man looked as annoyed as ever, and perhaps even more so today. His expression was grim, and he reminded Lyon of the oldest and grumpiest of the kingdom’s soldiers. She knew who he was—a Gold-rank adventurer. That made her defer to him slightly, even though she was royalty. It was certainly not because she was afraid of him. Well, maybe a little.
“W-welcome sir! Miss Solstice isn’t back yet, but if you’d like to stay, I could make you some pasta—”
