3.06 L
Page 13
“Regardless, I will not allow you to worship this God.”
“Why not?”
Pawn stood up, knocking back his chair. Klbkch spoke coldly as he looked at the Worker.
“If this God made Humans in his form, then he is clearly a God for them. But the Antinium never rested in this ‘Garden of Eden’. We were not in the world where his son came to life, and thus we were not saved. We are not his. This God…is not a God for the Antinium. I will give him no power, and you will not either.”
“Power? It is just prayer!”
“That is enough. I will not allow prayer or worship of a God that does not belong to the Antinium.”
“That is not fair!”
Pawn shouted at Klbkch, surprising even himself. But the Revalantor just stood up.
“It is necessary, and it is my order. Talk to no one, and forget about Gods.”
“How can I?”
Pawn’s voice was bitter. Klbkch studied him, and then unsheathed one of his swords. He held the silvery blade out towards Pawn for him to inspect. Pawn looked at the gleaming metal and wondered how many of his brethren the blade had cut to pieces.
“Believe in this. Not something that can be neither seen nor heard.”
The Worker shook his head and pushed aside the sword.
“This is just an object. What I want is something else.”
“What is that?”
Klbkch’s tone infuriated Pawn. It was uncaring. He didn’t care about Pawn; he just saw another piece to be used. No, that wasn’t it. He didn’t understand Pawn. Klbkch was special. He was a Prognugator, a Revalantor, a Centenium, whatever that meant. He was second to the Queen. He—
Was special. But Pawn was not. He could never understand.
“What do I want? Salvation. Can you or the Queen offer that?”
Pawn turned and stormed out of the room before Klbkch could respond.
 
—-
 
That night, Pawn shifted around again and again in his small cubicle, until he realized he was waking the other Workers up. He felt hot, hot with anger and frustration. Klbkch would never understand. But he knew who might.
Leaving his cubicle, Pawn slipped through the tunnels, joining the night rush of Workers and moving through the passageways until he reached one that was growing familiar to him. He entered the large mess hall and looked around.
They were there, all of them. Pawn had grown to know these Soldiers, identify them somehow. Maybe it was the way they looked at him familiarly, or how they crowded around now, abandoning their meals or taking the bowls with them to listen.
“I have told you all the stories of God that I know.”
Pawn addressed the hundreds of Soldiers with a loud voice. He sensed them shifting ever so slightly as he explained.
“I have no more tales to tell you. What I know, you know.”
They didn’t like that. Some of the Soldiers moved slightly, a sign of their agitation. But Pawn only smiled. He’d told them everything, yes, but he hadn’t told them the most important bit.
“There is one thing left, though. One promise that God made to his people, to all people.”
The Soldiers immediately froze in place, a sign of how eager they were to hear. Pawn held his breath, and then told them.
“Heaven.”
The word rang through the large room, carrying more than just sound with it. Pawn’s heart raced just like when he’d first heard that word and its meaning.
“Heaven. It is a place God made. A place to go when we die.”
A place to be happy. To be free. Pawn tried to explain that to the listening Soldiers. He knew they would understand.
“You see, when we die—the Antinium, we go into the Hive. But this Heaven—if we believe and are good, we will go there. And in that place, there is no suffering. No pain. We can be happy there.”
