3.06 L
Page 12
“Someone cares. Someone knows us, knows our every waking and sleeping motion. Someone out there cares, and knows our name. Even if we do not.”
The soldiers at the table stared at Pawn. Silently. They said not a word, but neither had they looked away. In fact, they’d stared silently at him the entire time he’d been talking, and even stopped eating. Bits of mush dropped off their hands as they rested them on the edges of the bowls.
Pawn looked around and jumped in surprise. Somehow, all the Soldiers had moved closer. Some were bunched together on other seats, and others were just standing. And they were all listening. To him.
Awkwardly, the Antinium cleared his throat. He hadn’t realized they’d all been listening. But it made him feel pleased, as well. And it made the next part more important.
“Yes, well, after the events of which I spoke, the Humans thrived. But what is important to mention is that sin still existed. They were all sinful, and thus at fault. But then God decided to send his son to be borne by a Human, so—”
The Soldier in front of Pawn moved. It was a sudden movement. One second he was sitting, the next he was on his feet. Pawn recoiled, but all the Soldiers had stood up suddenly. They looked towards the entrance of the mess hall.
What was happening? Were they upset? But—no, Pawn realized they must have been called, or else their eating period had elapsed.
“Oh. You have duties. I will let you attend to them.”
The Soldiers didn’t nod, but Pawn got the sense they had heard him. They began filing towards the door, but they moved far slower than normal. They were visibly hesitating.
Did they want to hear the rest? Pawn thought quickly. He called out to the Soldiers as they reluctantly walked out.
“I will return later. Is that acceptable?”
He heard no response, but Pawn saw Soldiers suddenly move in lock-step once more, briskly marching towards their destination. He watched them file out of the room and smiled.
The next day, Pawn went back and told them more stories. He told them about a young man who died upon a cross, of a prophet who parted seas, of a people watched over by something loving and kind. The Soldiers drank in every word, but they said not a thing. But they did listen. And Pawn believed that they believed.
 
—-
 
“I do not understand the purpose of this tale.”
Klbkch snapped at Pawn as the two of them sat in Klbkch’s room. Pawn glared back, but the Revalantor did not give him a chance to reply.
“What is sin? Murder? Violation of ten rules? Why are all beings sinful the instant they are born? What sin did we commit?”
“Erin did not say. But that is not important. The important thing is that God sent his son—”
“To be killed.”
“Sacrificed.”
“Was it blood magic? I cannot understand why one death absolves an entire species of sin.”
“He is meant to bear our suffering. Bear our transgressions—”
“Yet we still transgress.”
“But now we are forgiven. Any mistakes we make are our own—”
“And if we do not obey the rules of this God, we will be punished when we die. So you have said.”
“Or we may obey and go to Heaven.”
“Which no one has ever seen.”
“We must believe it exists.”
“But you cannot prove it does.”
Pawn glared at Klbkch. The second day had seen him arguing for hours with the Revalantor about these very topics.
“It is something I would like to believe in. Respectfully, it does not harm the Hive in any way.”
“It does matter if this God intends to enforce such restrictions on our kind. If the Antinium cannot kill, then we will all be punished by this God.”
“It doesn’t work that way—”
