3.06 L
Page 19
“I do not know. But if there is a God, I will pray to him, or her, or it, or them if I need to. I will pray to anything or anyone.”
A Soldier lying on the ground, nearly cut in two by Klbkch’s blade, stirred. A Worker stopped dragging him towards a pile of the dead and immediately began pulling him towards the living. Pawn let Klbkch sit beside him. He did not care if he was speaking or silent. He didn’t care that one of Klbkch’s swords was poking into his side.
All of his being was with the Soldiers, trying to pull them back with his own two hands. That was why Pawn ran over when the Workers needed help to turn a Soldier over. He was praying as he held a Soldier’s guts in, and as he fed water to one without a stomach, drop by drop.
Sometime after the last Soldier had been carried away to heal elsewhere, Pawn stood in the center of the room and stared at the dead. He felt each one pulling at his heart, marking his soul. So many. Over a hundred had died, over two hundred probably. All his fault.
But some had lived, and Pawn clung to that. He didn’t look up as Klbkch approached. He just bowed his head.
“If you kill me, will you spare the other Soldiers? They only listened to me.”
“Kill you?”
Klbkch stopped by Pawn’s side. The Revalantor stared at the Worker curiously.
“Why would I kill you? What purpose would it serve?”
“I disobeyed your orders. And I caused the death of countless soldiers.”
“And the rest would have died without you. If I kill you now, they will kill themselves or become Aberration.”
That was true. Pawn nodded.
“Then what?”
“You have a class. [Acolyte], I believe. Perhaps you will level tonight. In fact, I am certain you will.”
Pawn looked up, surprised. Klbkch nodded at him.
“Keep me informed.”
That was it? Pawn looked at Klbkch, confused.
“But what about Gods? Aren’t they a threat?”
“Yes. But you do not pray to a God, do you? And heaven—I see no threat in that.”
“Then—”
“The wounded Soldiers are yours. Care for them, pray for them if it will help them survive. And then test them. I think they may be able to become Individual.”
Pawn stared at Klbkch. The Revalantor looked at him.
“If it will make the Hive stronger, I will let you pray.”
“I see.”
“Sleep, and report to me if you level up. That will be all.”
Klbkch nodded to Pawn and began to walk away. Pawn hesitated, and then turned and called after him.
“Klbkchhezeim? Revalantor Klbkch?”
“Yes?”
Pawn hesitated. But the fear he had in his chest was a small thing now. Too small after all that had passed to hold him back.
“What were the Antinium? Before, I mean. Why do you fear Gods?”
Klbkch stopped in his tracks. He turned his head, and looked at Pawn slowly.
“What you want to know is secret.”
“I know. But would it harm anyone to tell me?”
“It may.”
“Then do not. But I want to know. Who were we? Who are we?”
Pawn waited for Klbkch to turn away and keep walking. But Klbkch didn’t. He studied Pawn, and then spoke.
“Galuc. His name was Galuc.”
“What?”
Klbkch paused. He looked at Pawn, and then looked through him. He looked at something Pawn couldn’t see.
“He was one of the Centenium, and it is his form you all wear. Galuc, the Builder.”
“You mean…did we once look different?”
Klbkch shrugged.
“I did. But my form was lost when I died at sea. Galuc’s was saved and so he remains in each of you. Smaller, and weaker.”
“What was he like?”
Something like a laugh came out of Klbkch’s mandibles, a sound so odd because Pawn had never heard it before.
“Galuc? He was a giant. Strong. Fearless. He would have laughed to know that the Antinium all look like him.”
“And Gods?”
