3.06 L
Page 18
“I prayed, and I heard nothing. Maybe there is a God. But if so, I can’t hear him. Or her. Or it. I can’t believe in something I cannot see or hear or touch.”
His words felt like rain. Biting, acid rain, tearing away his self. Pawn suffered, and wished he could weep. The Soldiers were just staring, blood covering their bodies.
“But. I believe in Heaven. I believed. I believed that there was salvation for us. Someone to remember the Antinium. But maybe heaven is only for Humans.”
Maybe only they had one. Pawn turned to the Soldiers, staring around the room.
“There is no Heaven. Not for the Antinium. But we must have one. We must. So we shall make it for ourselves.”
There. He’d said it. Pawn felt the stillness in the room. He took one shaky breath.
“I cannot believe in a God who will not answer me. I cannot believe in a God I do not see. But I can believe in Heaven. I can believe there is salvation.”
It was a lie. It was truth. Pawn looked around. The Soldiers stared at him, dying, bleeding. But they looked at him, to him, and he told them what was in his heart.
“Believe in that. Believe that no matter what happens, you will be saved. There is a place where the dead Antinium go where we will have no orders, where we will be safe and feel no pain, no hunger.”
He spread his hands, imploring. Beseeching them to understand.
“But believe this: you cannot kill yourself for Heaven. We must build it, in our hearts and here as well. If the Antinium all die, who will believe for us? We must believe for those who fall. Believe for ourselves. And live. We must live.”
He put his hands together. All four hands clasped together, and Pawn spoke. He put all his hopes and wishes and fears and regrets into the words that came next.
“Live. Please live.”
He felt his heart breaking. The Soldiers lay on the ground, dead. Dying. His fault. But he prayed.
“Please. Do not die. Live, and help me. Help the Hive. Help each other.”
Was there a whisper? No. A feeling? No. There was just Pawn, alone and hoping and afraid. But as the Soldiers stopped fighting and Workers rushed into the room with bandages and clotting agents, Pawn saw his prayers answered.
“Put the dead over there! I want as many sacs in here as possible! Wake every Worker in the nearby sections! Move! Now!”
Klbkch shouted the orders as Soldiers lay down or sat, letting Workers tend to them. Pawn knelt on the ground, looking at each Soldier as they wavered, fighting to live instead of die. He couldn’t close his eyes, and that was well. Pawn watched each Soldier without turning away, and saw them pull back from the edge.
“I believe I told you not to pray.”
“You did.”
Pawn stared at a Soldier whose stomach had been ripped open. Green blood pooled around the Worker trying to apply a clear gel to stop the blood flow and contain his organs. No matter how hard the Worker tried, he couldn’t make a seal. But Pawn prayed. He hoped and wished and slowly, the gel began to stick.
“Some are dying even though you pray.”
“Yes.”
Klbkch looked at Pawn. Pawn stared at a dying Soldier, watching him slip away, and then shifted his attention to the next one. And the next.
“What is prayer?”
“I do not know. But I hope. I hope they will live, even if they die. I will continue hoping and believing the next Soldier will live.”
“Regardless of reality?”
“No. I will believe knowing reality. Because that is prayer. Hope for a better reality.”
“Who will you pray to if not a God?”
“I will pray to myself. I will pray to the dead. I will pray to heaven and trust that it exists.”
“Is it enough?”
