3.06 L
Page 3
Immediately, Pawn’s legs obeyed the order. The Worker mechanically entered the room and stood before Klbkch. The Revalantor and Prognugator of Liscor’s Hive looked up at Pawn from the small wooden desk he sat at, expressionless. The two swords of his station hung at his side; the Antinium did not take them off even in the Hive. Pawn found his eyes drawn to the blades; they were the same ones that had sliced off his limbs.
“Pawn. Is there something you need to bring to my attention?”
“Um.”
Pawn stared at Klbkch, feeling his heart racing frantically. His mind felt blank. He didn’t know what to say. But now Klbkch was staring at him, and he had to say something. What would Erin say?
“Yes. No? I have a lot to say. About classes. Mine, that is.”
“Indeed?”
Klbkch shifted in his seat. He looked at Pawn—coldly. Yes, it was a cold look. The Antinium didn’t have many expressions, but Pawn could tell he wasn’t happy.
“Have you received a different class? Or leveled up since we last spoke?”
The Queen had told Pawn to report any changes in his level or class to Klbkch. The Revalantor was in charge of monitoring the new Individuals. Pawn hesitated. He had to tell the truth. But he really didn’t want to. Maybe he could work up to it?
“Yes, I have news. But I ah, also came to ask about it. News, that is.”
“News? What are you referring to?”
“Erin.”
Pawn didn’t know what he was saying. Why was he asking the Revalantor for information? But he did want to know.
“Is she well? I went to her inn today, but the girl living there told me that Erin was missing. Lost. In a Human city?”
Klbkch nodded reluctantly.
“That is so. She is well, and Ryoka Griffin is with her. She cannot return yet due to the Goblin presence in the region, but she is safe.”
“I see. I…see. That is good.”
“It is acceptable. Now, inform me of the new class or level you have obtained.”
Klbkch was staring hard at Pawn.  The Worker felt like sweating, even though the Antinium didn’t sweat. Or maybe he just felt like excreting liquids.
“I have…gained a new class. A while ago, in fact.”
“Indeed? Why did you not report this to me at once?”
Klbkch’s tone grew colder, if that was even possible. Pawn lowered his head.
“I was unsure of the nature of the class. I received it after a conversation with Erin Solstice, and I have been unable to discern the nature of either the Class or Skill I received.”
The Revalantor shook his head slightly.
“Erin. Of course. What Class did you receive after speaking with her?”
“[Acolyte].”
The Revalantor paused. Pawn could see him visibly thinking. Then the other Antinium shook his head.
“I am unfamiliar with the class, as well as the word.”
“As am I. I was hoping you could shed light upon the meaning of the class.”
“I see.”
Klbkch did not rise from his seat, but he shifted ever so slightly.
“You said you obtained this class after speaking with Erin? What was the context of your discussion?”
“It was…”
Pawn hesitated. It had been just after his questioning by the Queen. He had been in turmoil, asking about the dead Workers. His friends. Erin had comforted him, given him hope. But he didn’t want to tell Klbkch that. Instead, Pawn chose the simplest answer.
“We talked about religion. And I believe my class pertains to Gods.”
Instantly, the Antinium seated in front of Pawn froze. His entire body grew still, and Pawn could sense the emotions whirling in Klbkch. But the Revalantor didn’t do anything. Instead, after a minute he looked back up at Pawn as if nothing had happened.
“Gods?”
“Yes.”
“Intriguing. Do you refer to the dead gods of ages past?”
