3.07 H
Page 13
It was a small tunnel that Pisces’ skeletons had dug upwards. They’d followed the already-existing passageway and broken into the very same tunnel where Ceria and the other Horns of Hammerad had been walking earlier. Pisces pulled Ceria out of the pit, coughing as she shook herself to get most of the dirt off. Ksmvr easily clambered out of the ground and helped the skeletons pull Yvlon up. She was still screaming curses at Pisces.
“Foul [Necromancer]! My father will have your head for your sorcery, do you hear me? If it’s a ransom you want, he’ll pay it. Only do not touch a hair on my head! The Byres family will not tolerate any—”
“I am concerned about comrade Yvlon’s mental state, Captain.”
Ksmvr calmly held a hand over Yvlon’s mouth. She shouted into his hand as he addressed Ceria.
“She has not awoken from the effects of the spell. Should we knock her out to aid in that process?”
Ceria shook her head as she looked around.
“She’s not a [Mage] like Pisces or me, and she doesn’t have…whatever you have, Ksmvr. The spell will take longer to wear off, but I’m sure it will in time.”
“I see. Then, what should we do? Press on or wait?”
“Can we just—wait a second?”
Ceria panted as she sat down on the smooth, wonderfully solid stone floor. Pisces sat down as well, and after a pause, so did Ksmvr.
“We’re alive. We were in the worst of traps but—we’re alive.”
Pisces and Ksmvr nodded. Yvlon drooled on the ground around Ksmvr’s hand. Ceria sighed. She lay back on the ground, stretching out. She wanted to shake and cry and laugh and vomit. They’d made it. It wasn’t the first time she’d gotten out of a hairy situation but this—
This had been one of the worst. And they’d done it as a team. No one had died. For a few minutes, ten, really, she just lay there. Then Pisces coughed.
“As unpleasant as that last obstacle was, it occurs to me that we must have been underground for a long time. Hours, perhaps.”
“Days?”
“Maybe. I cannot be certain. But it is clear that we have two options as of now. We can either retreat and regroup with the knowledge of these advanced deterrents, or…we can advance.”
He pointed. Ceria looked, and saw the door. The damn door. They’d come out in the last part of the passageway, almost directly in front of the door that had sent them into the trap in the first place.
“You’re telling me that thing just teleported us down?”
“It’s the most efficient use of mana. It only makes sense.”
Ksmvr nodded.
“It is a formidable obstacle, but now that we have uncovered the danger, is it worth moving forwards? We are nearly out of food, and we all require rest.”
“What do you think, Ceria?”
The half-Elf looked up at Pisces. He looked down at her, quite innocently. But there was a gleam in his eyes. He knew what she was about to say. She sat up and stared at the plain wooden door. Then she looked at the other mage.
“Pisces?”
“Yes, oh Captain of mine?”
“Get your skeletons to grab whatever weapons they can and break down that damn door.”
“It would be my pleasure.”
 
—-
 
An hour later, the door fell in. It wasn’t because the wood had been shattered by the constant hammering on it, or that the four adventurers had cast any particular spell to break it. No, the reason the door broke was simple: the skeletons had chipped away at the stone around the hinges set in the wall until the masonry cracked, and the door obeyed the forces of gravity.
