3.07 H
Page 0

“We are fragments of the past, Ceria Springwalker. That is all we are.”
Ceria sat on her great-grandmother’s lap and looked up. The small cottage was covered in hanging herbs, braids of garlic—every time she breathed in, a myriad of spices tickled her nose. She sneezed, and her great-grandmother sighed.

“No one has told you yet, have they? They just tell you to stay clear of Humans, which is true enough. But no one’s told you of your other half, your heritage.”
“I thought we were descended from Elves.”
“That’s true. But how much of us is Elf? No one even remembers who they were now, do they? They aren’t in any legends—it’s just a word. Even the oldest stories only talk of half-Elves, not Elves.”
“But they did exist?”
“Oh yes. But only Dragons would remember them, I think. And even then, only the oldest of Dragons. Yet, we still call ourselves half-Elves after all this time, even though thousands…tens of thousands of years have passed. Why is that?”
Ceria shifted. Her seat wasn’t that comfortable—her great-grandmother was too bony, and she was holding the young half-Elf tightly in case she slipped away, which is what Ceria wanted to do. She hated questions like these.
“I don’t know. Because we’re half-Elves? Half and half, right?”
“Not quite. How could we be half-Elves? Think about it. If an Elf and a Human had a child, that would be a true half-Elf. But their offspring—if they had a child with a Human, then what would you have? A quarter-Elf. And so on.”
“So?”
An impatient sigh—Ceria felt her ear tips being flicked and she hunched over sulkily.
“Think, child. There are no Elves left anymore. Half-Elves either marry each other or they mix with other species. So many generations have passed—what part of us is Elf, do you think?”
“I don’t know. A quarter—an eighth? Less? Can I go now?”
The small child wriggled, but her great-grandmother was too strong for her.
“Not yet. This is important, so sit still or I’ll pinch your ears.”
Chastened by the threat, Ceria sat as still as possible, trying not to move. She heard a quiet sigh from above.
“You’re too young. But someone has to tell you and those prideful fools would never speak of this. Ceria, the truth is that after all these long years, our people probably have only a drop of Elven blood in our veins. Only a drop, the smallest fraction of fractions. Only that. We aren’t half-Elves. Not even close.”
The news didn’t disappoint Ceria, because she didn’t fully understand. 
“So what? We’re all Human?”
“Again, not quite. Do you want to know something interesting, Ceria?”
“Yes? Is it a secret?”
“Only a small one. The interesting thing is this: when a Human and a half-Elf have a child, the child is always half Elf. Did you know that?”
“No. Why is it interesting?”
Another sigh, but this time Ceria didn’t receive a flick to the ear.
“The interesting thing is that this is always true, Ceria. No matter how many generations pass, a half-Elf with a thousand Human parents on one side will always produce a half-Elf child. No matter what.”
The young half-Elf sat pensively, and then looked up into the wrinkled face and white hair.
“What does that mean?”
“It means that our heritage cannot be erased, child. Not by blood or time. We are part Elf, and that will always ring true. Isn’t that amazing?”
“I guess.”
Ceria’s doubtful reply elicited the first laughter from her great-grandmother she’d heard in a long time. The old half-Elf stroked Ceria’s hair gently.
