3.07 H
Page 6
First, Ceria made water appear out of the air. She held it in place, and then materialized earth, as if she was going to use the [Stone Dart] spell. Earth and water. She mixed the two together, and felt thick mud trickling between her fingers. She smiled, winced, as the pain in her lip flared, and lifted the ball of mud up.
It wasn’t even a spell, really. It was just using the basic theories of magic to create…well, an inefficient mess. If she’d known the spell—[Mud Ball] perhaps—she would have been able to use it far more effectively and with less mana.
But this would do. Ceria held the sloppy mess between her hands as she tried to figure out where to throw it. The spell would last for a while if she put enough mana into it, enough time to cover the damn rune. But where was it—
“What are you doing, boy? Shirking your duties again?”
The harsh voice in her ear made Ceria shout in surprise and jump away. But a cold hand caught her in a steely grip, and a sharp sensation from her side made Ceria freeze in terror. A familiar voice whispered in her ear.
“Trying to hide in the library? Not on my watch.”
“Pisces?”
It was his voice, but not him. Pisces would never have thrown Ceria backwards as the man did now, and he would never have threatened her with a weapon. The young man Ceria had known had always hated physical violence, regardless of how he had changed in every other respect.
This person was not the same. He held her in place, driving the sharp object into Ceria’s side, cutting into her flesh. What was it? A knife?
No—jagged edges. Bone. Ceria shuddered as Pisces’ voice grated in her ears.
“I’ve told you once; you get up and you do the practice every day, before dawn! Anything less and I’ll have your hide.”
Ceria held her breath. She knew Pisces was as deadly with a rapier as he was with spells. In his hands, the jagged length of bone might well kill her before she could take him out with a spell. Carefully, she tried her most soothing voice possible.
“Pisces, it’s me. Ceria—”
“What? What? You don’t get to call me names, boy. My name is ‘sir’ until you can prove you can handle a blade!”
The shard of bone dug deeper in Ceria’s side. She gasped—she could feel it piercing her skin.
“I’m sorry, sir.”
“Better! Now, why aren’t you in the training grounds?”
The pressure eased on her. Slightly. Ceria’s hands were clenched. She had no idea what to say to him. What could she say to a madman who thought he was his father?
“I—can’t see.”
“What? Stop talking nonsense!”
“No—look!”
Ceria pointed to her blindfold. Pisces must have been able to see in the dim light, because he paused. His voice sounded approving.
“Blindfold, eh? Good lad. Helps with your reflexes. Now, dodge this—”
She only had a moment’s warning before the sharp feeling in her side vanished. Ceria felt air moving and ducked. But the blow Pisces gave her was a kick to the stomach. The half-Elf dropped to her hands and knees and retched. Above her, Pisces laughed nastily.
“You’ve got to move faster than that if you want to become a true [Fencer], brat.”
The pain was nauseating, but at least she didn’t throw up; there was nothing left. Ceria gritted her teeth as she stood up. The mud was still in her good hand. If she threw it—
“Pis—sir, I need to get rid of that rune up there. Could you help me with that?”
“Rune? What rune? Stop talking rot, boy! There will be no magic in my household. If you’ve been making sparks—”
“No, that rune! There!”
“That? That’s just the moon. What, is it too bright for your eyes? Take off your blindfold and let’s begin already!”
