3.07 H
Page 7
Ceria let out a despairing groan. It was no good. Pisces was trapped in his imaginary world. She had to do something. But what?
“I’m waiting, boy. Don’t make me impatient!”
Ceria hesitated. She clenched her fist, and then heard another voice, growing closer. This one was dignified, and each syllable was carefully enunciated with a delicate inflection in the woman’s voice.
“What is this commotion all about? Do you people not know what time it is?”
It was Yvlon’s voice, raised to sound more high-pitched. Ceria groaned. Perfect. Another insane person was all she needed. Her first thought was that Yvlon might be persuaded to help even in her delirium, but then she remembered how most Humans treated half-Elves. And a second thought on the heels of the first: she had a sword. Ceria grew very still with fear, but Pisces raised his voice as he apparently turned towards Yvlon.
“Well there you are, boy! Ready for morning practice at last, or do I have to burn all those damn books of yours to get you to pay attention?”
“I beg your pardon?”
Yvlon’s outraged voice gave Ceria hope. Pisces was snapping at her as if she was…Ceria? He wasn’t differentiating between Yvlon and Ceria at all. They were all the same to him. They were all ‘boy’, which was to say…Pisces. Ceria knew who the man she heard in Pisces’ voice had to be.
His father.
And he was trying to train Pisces. But Yvlon wasn’t cooperating. She gasped with indignation, and then, all of a sudden, her voice changed, grew deeper.
“I am Ylawes Byres, [Swordsman] and heir to the Byres name. Who are you to challenge me with weapon in hand, stranger?”
“Y—what? Are you pretending to be a nobleman? I’ll knock that arrogance right out of you.”
“You would do well to lower your weapon. I am armed—”
“I’ll take you on, old man!”
Ceria shouted the words and ducked away from the two, heart racing as she stumbled in another direction. She heard a grunt of surprise, but then a harsh laugh from Pisces.
“Challenging your old man at last? Fine then, I’ll draw your blood as a lesson!”
She heard footsteps, but not towards her. Yvlon’s outraged voice echoed off one of the walls as Ceria crept away.
“You dare to bare your blade against me? I’ll have your head for that!”
This time Ceria heard ringing metal as Ceria unsheathed her own blade. She heard another laugh, and then a grunt as she heart the thunk of something striking metal. Yvlon cried out in outrage as Ceria looked around wildly.
Her two team mates were about to kill each other. Pisces was a skilled fighter, but Yvlon was in armor. Either way, one of them would die unless Ceria hurried.
Where was the magic symbol? Ceria looked up and saw a glow around the edges of her blindfold. She raised the mud and threw it as hard as she could. She heard a splatter, but the light didn’t dim.
“Damn it. Where—”
More mud. Ceria slopped it into her hands and threw it again, but she sensed the mud splattered in the air rather than staying in a ball. She cursed again and tried to mush the mud together. She threw wildly, but nothing changed.
“There? There!?”
It wasn’t working, and Ceria could heard Yvlon cursing as she struck the ground and Pisces taunted her. Ceria raised her arm, and then heard a voice.
“Not there.”
She jerked, but it was Ksmvr. He was calling out to her across the room.
“To the left and down slightly.”
Ceria didn’t hesitate. She adjusted her aim and threw.
“You missed. A bit higher and more left.”
