3.07 H
Page 8
Desperately, Ceria poured earth into her hands and added water. She molded a sopping mudball and took aim. She heard Yvlon cry out in pain and aimed desperately. She threw into the darkness.
“Ah—”
The light went out. Instantly, Ceria tore the blindfold away from her head. The world was absolute darkness.
“[Light]!”
This time, the flare of light was a dark green, and it didn’t burn her eyes. Ceria looked around wildly, and saw two struggling shapes fighting over a sword.
The magic had ceased, at least for now, but the others were still insane. Ceria ran towards both of them and cried out as she raised her right hand.
“Stop! [Stone Fist]!”
Yvlon turned and raised her arm for only a second before the stone hand smashed into her chest. She fell backwards and Ceria turned and knocked Pisces backwards with a backhanded swipe. He stumbled back, staring at the gauntlet made of rock that covered Ceria’s good hand.
“Magic? You dare? I’ll make you suffer for this!”
His eyes were wild and he had Yvlon’s sword. Ceria raised her skeletal hand warningly.
“Don’t make me do this, Pisces.”
“I told you, I’m not—”
“Ceria!”
Ksmvr appeared in a shower of bones. Pisces leapt back as a few flew towards him, and then narrowed his eyes at the Antinium. He said not a word, but charged with a wild cry. But Ceria was faster.
“[Ice Shard].”
The frozen icicle that shot from her finger flew as straight as an arrow, but the difference in this one was that the head was blunt, rather than sharp. It struck Pisces squarely in the forehead as he leapt at her, and he staggered. Ksmvr shoulder-charged him to the ground and struck him with one hand. Pisces sagged, and he went limp.
“Dead gods.”
Ceria took one deep breath and then another. Ksmvr lowered Pisces to the ground as Ceria sat down hard—on a piece of bone. She yelped and tossed the yellowed thing across the room.
“Ceria Springwalker, are you well?”
“Me? I’m—fine.”
She could taste blood and her lower lip had a hole in it. Her right shoulder still burned and Pisces had drawn blood with that damn bone. She was not fine, but other things were more important.
“Where’s Yvlon?”
“Over there.”
Ksmvr pointed and Ceria saw Yvlon standing and staring blankly ahead. The woman’s blonde hair was matted with blood, and she had a deep cut down one cheek where Pisces must have struck her. But she didn’t appear to notice any of that. She looked over haughtily as Ceria and Ksmvr approached.
“Yvlon?”
“I am Yelen Byres—”
“Rot, she’s still under the spell.”
Ceria sighed. Ksmvr looked uncertainly at Yvlon.
“Should we knock her out?”
“I beg your pardon?”
“No. I don’t think that’s wise. Let’s just tie her hands and legs up so she can’t hurt us if her personality changes again.”
“That is wise.”
Ksmvr approached Yvlon. The armored woman backed away, raising her voice in outrage.
“I’m sure I’ve never been so offended—unhand me, you—!”
She clawed at Ksmvr, but her two hands were no match for his three. In a few minutes he had her trussed up and lying in a clear part of the pit. Yvlon shouted angrily at them until Ceria stuffed her blindfold into the woman’s mouth. Yvlon spat it out and she began gnawing at the ropes like an animal. It wasn’t ideal, but at least it kept her occupied.
That done, Ceria had to take a few seconds just to breathe. While she was doing that, she finally took a good look around the pit she’d found herself in. The dark room was lit by her green light and it made the lurid piles of remains all the more disturbing.
