3.07 H
Page 9
Swords, bones, rotted fabric. The pit was a huge tomb of bodies, corpses and yellowed bones, all that remained countless adventurers who’d been trapped here. Time had eaten away almost all the details of these fallen people, but Ceria could still see some clues as to how they’d died. A skull split by the worn shaft of an axe, a skeleton cut in two here, and one whose bones looked scorched—
“What a nightmare.”
Ceria shuddered as Ksmvr came to stand next to her. She looked at the Antinium and saw that he was holding his injured side, where a good section of his chitin had been picked away.
“Are you okay, Ksmvr?”
He nodded.
“I am only moderately inconvenienced, Captain. As soon as you covered the magical symbol I regained use of my mind.”
“Good. That’s…good.”
Ceria breathed in and out a few more times. She could still remember being insane, remember the sensation of losing all the structure in her head. She looked at Ksmvr, and then remembered she was still half-naked.
“Where are my pants? And my belt—did you see them, Ksmvr?”
He nodded.
“I removed them to construct your blindfold. My apologies. They are over here.”
The Antinium retrieved Ceria’s possessions and she put her pants back on with a sigh of relief. The Antinium had cut a large strip out from one of the legs, but some clothing was better than none. She sat on the ground and began attaching her belt.
More importantly, with Ceria’s belt came her water flask and the healing potion she’d brought. She greedily drank water from her flask while she offered the healing potion to Ksmvr. He applied half to his torn-up side and handed it back to Ceria. She hesitated, and then drank the potion rather than apply it to each of her wounds.
“Gah! That’s foul.”
Ceria tossed the empty bottle to one side and winced as it smashed. Ksmvr hesitated, and then sat next to her.
“That was a most dangerous trap we were caught in.”
“You think?”
“I do.”
The half-Elf shook her head.
“We nearly died. If it hadn’t been for my heritage and luck—how long were we under the spell?”
“I cannot say.”
Beside her, Ksmvr shifted to look at Ceria. His normally impassive voice changed slightly, grew a bit uncertain.
“Do you believe that spell will affect Pisces and Yvlon for much longer?”
“I don’t know.”
Ceria rubbed at her face.
“Maybe? It might wear off soon, but you never know. At least it wasn’t real insanity that hit us, just the spell.”
“Oh?”
Ksmvr looked at her. Ceria nodded tiredly, feeling the healing potion getting to work on the rest of her body.
“It’s just the magical effect. Real insanity—you’d have to be a better mage to really create madness in people. This is just…an approximation. The spell reaches into your head and messes up your world. It’s close, but not the same.”
“I see. That would explain my experience.”
The Antinium nodded a few times as he sat next to Ceria. He hesitated, and then cleared his throat awkwardly.
“If the spell had created true insanity in me, I would have become Aberration at once. And then I would have killed all three of you within seconds.”
Ceria just looked at him. How was she supposed to respond to that? But maybe that was Ksmvr’s way of saying he was glad things had worked out. She thought for a second, and then looked at the place where he’d sliced her pants apart.
“Ksmvr? You said you made the blindfold for me?”
He nodded. Cautiously.
“Yes. I was…unable to do more. I regret my failure to act, but—”
“Good job.”
“Oh. Thank you.”
 
—-
 
