3.07 H
Page 15
“It even looks magical. Ancestors, look at it.”
“I have to touch it.”
Pisces breathed the words and Ceria thought the exact same thing. Ksmvr looked doubtfully around the room.
“Should we check for traps first?”
Neither mage heard him. They ran forwards, jostling each other. Ksmvr walked after them, staring around.
“I would like to try one of the swords. Do you think that would be acceptable?”
Pisces and Ceria ignored Ksmvr. They practically fought each other to be the first into the room, both reaching for the staff.
“Intruders.”
The voice was soft, but full of malice. Both Pisces and Ceria froze, hands reaching for the staff. They looked around, and saw something appearing in the center of the room.
Flames licked into being, and then coalesced. Air became fire, and the fire itself knitted together to become a solid thing, a shape, a figure made out of the white-hot flames. A man, or what looked vaguely like a man, stepped out of the air and stared at Pisces, Ceria, and Ksmvr.
“You are trespassing in the personal sanctuary of Warmage Thresk. Identify yourselves or be destroyed.”
“Oh no.”
Ceria breathed the words, her heart tight in her chest. They’d forgotten. In their haste, they’d forgotten the golden rule of adventuring. Never let your guard down at the end. That’s when the worst trap starts.
The fiery creation looked at her, eyes burning blue in its formless face.
“Who are you? Why do you enter this place? Answer, or I will burn you asunder.”
Something was burning in the center of its chest. A jewel? Ceria squinted at it as Pisces stammered a reply.
“We are ah, Wistram mages, here to consult with Warmage Thresk on a matter of great importance. We apologize if we are disturbing—”
“Lies.”
The fiery eyes burned. The construct opened a mouth and showed them insides full of red flames that burned against his incendiary white-hot exterior.
“No one may enter this place save for Warmage Thresk or those of his blood. You are thieves. You will be burnt to ash.”
He raised a hand and extended it towards the three. All at once, the heat in the room grew until it was practically an inferno by itself. Ceria shouted at the same time Pisces did. Both mages extended their palms out.
“[Frozen Wind]!”
The spell blew freezing cold air towards the apparition for a moment. Just for a moment, that was all. It barely halted the rising temperature of the room, but it gave the two mages and Ksmvr the moment they needed to dash out of the room before they were cooked in their skins. Ceria gasped as she ran down the corridor; her skin felt burnt from the second they’d been in the room.
“Pisces! Use the skeletons!”
“Right. Defend me!”
He called out to the skeletons as the three adventurers rushed past them. The skeletons charged the fiery being—and immediately turned to ash as they got too close. Ceria didn’t even bother to swear; she just pumped her arms and legs faster.
“[Frozen Wind] had no effect!”
She screamed at Pisces. He shouted back, face pale.
“I know! That thing’s way too powerful! We have to retreat!”
“There is no escape!”
Flames burst out of the ground in front of them. Pisces, Ceria, and Ksmvr skidded to a halt as the fire wall blocked off their exit. This was no ordinary [Fire Wall] spell either; the flames were not just red or orange, but white-hot like the construct, and the stone cracked and melted where the fire touched.
“Dead gods.”
They turned and saw the apparition of flames. It was walking towards them, slowly, nonchalantly, as if it had all the time in the world. Ceria grabbed Pisces’s arm.
“Do you have any spells you can use?”
