3.07 H
Page 10
Ceria and Ksmvr sat in silence for over twenty minutes before Pisces woke up. He came to with a shout of surprise, which turned into a groan.
“My head…”
He didn’t appear to be insane, but Ceria and Ksmvr were ready for anything as he staggered upright. Pisces took one look around at them, at the bones, and the foul pit they were in, and then he asked if they had anything to eat. That reassured them he was back to normal.
Ceria had a thing about bones, in that she didn’t like seeing them, especially if they were her bones. Add that to the general unsanitary nature of the pit, with the black foreign substance crusting every part of the room, and she was feeling quite unhappy with their current predicament. But Pisces seemed to regard the dead bodies as mere furnishings, and he happily crammed some dried meat into his mouth.
“So you and Ksmvr eliminated the spell? Most efficacious. Allow me to congratulate the both of you. I was completely subsumed by the enchantment. What was my reaction to the [Insanity] spell, incidentally?”
“You thought you were your father.”
Pisces paused mid-chew.
“Ah.”
“And you tried to run both me and Yvlon through.”
“I apologize for that. I am relieved I was so ineffectual.”
He chewed the rest of his bite slowly, and swallowed, no longer looking quite as pleased. Pisces glanced over to Yvlon. She was still drooling on the bindings on her wrist, looking more than a little rabid.
“…Perhaps we should leave before your mud wears off. I would not like to repeat such a harrowing experience.”
Ceria nodded. That was her first thought too, but…
“How the hell are we going to get out?”
The pit was dark, and as far as she could see, the walls extended upwards at least thirty feet. If there was a ceiling, it wasn’t within her [Light] spell’s cone of illumination.
Pisces looked up. He frowned and conjured a ball of light himself and threw it upwards.
“Let’s find out.”
His orb glowed with pure white light. Ksmvr and Ceria both saw it fly upwards, and then break—splash, really, the light becoming fading motes—across a dirt ceiling. Ceria groaned and Pisces made a similar noise of displeasure.
“We’re trapped.”
Pisces nodded, looking unhappy.
“Who knows how deep we are? We could dig up for years and not reach the surface.”
“Not necessarily.”
Both mages looked at Ksmvr. The Antinium nodded as he stared upwards.
“There must be an entrance higher up. Companion Pisces, if you recast your spell, I believe we may be able to identify an opening.”
“What makes you assume that, Ksmvr?”
Ceria looked curiously at the Antinium. He looked back at her without a shred of doubt as he replied.
“If this room were truly a sealed chamber, we and those who have preceded us would have quickly used up the supply of air within the room. The fact that we did not suffocate instantly indicates an air source of some kind.”
“Oh.”
Pisces looked at Ceria and then both mages threw orbs of [Light] upwards again. After a minute of studying the ceiling, Ksmvr exclaimed and pointed.
“There.”
Pisces squinted upwards, frowning.
“Are you certain? I cannot see anything.”
“My eyes are used to the dark. There is an opening there. If we dig, we will most likely find some sort of passageway.”
“So now we just have to get to it. Any ideas?”
Ceria eyed the smooth walls doubtfully. Aside from the black coating, the stone looked unblemished. Pisces just smirked as he stroked his chin.
“This issue should be easily surmounted. Allow me to rectify my earlier deficiency.”
