3.07 H
Page 12
She’d have to in the end, but that was later. To take her mind off of that, Ceria looked around. Now that the ground was clear, she saw something that had been buried under a pile of bones. Cautiously, Ceria walked over to it. It was dark and bulky, and at first she thought it was a part of an adventurer that had yet to rot. But this wasn’t meat. Instead, Ceria found dark, rough fabric. She cast another [Light] spell and saw what it was clearly.
It was an adventurer’s pack, still neatly secured to the skeleton of its owner. Ceria hesitated, and then shifted the bones aside and lifted the bag. It was quite heavy.
“Ksmvr, here’s something else. Can you take it?”
The Antinium walked over and hoisted the pack easily. Ceria nodded to him, and then heard a shout from above.
“I see light! We’re right below the tunnel we uncovered!”
Both adventurers below sighed in relief. Pisces grinned at them from above, and then shouted.
“Watch out!”
They saw a skeleton falling from above, brought down by a cascade of dirt. Pisces blew away the dirt around him with a barrier of air and Ceria and Ksmvr covered Yvlon, shielding their heads as the skeleton struck the floor of the pit and shattered.
“Are you okay?”
“Fine!”
Ksmvr shouted up as Ceria looked around. The flailing skeleton hadn’t done any damage to the staircase, but her blood ran cold when she saw something glinting on the side of the pit.
“Dead gods! Watch the sides!”
Pisces looked down and swore. The flailing skeleton had, in its fall, struck the black, encrusted wall of the pit. In doing so, he’d knocked some of the unnamed substance free, and glowing behind the covering was the unmistakable symbol of the [Insanity] spell.
Both Ceria and Pisces reacted with the speed of panic. She threw mud and he blew a cloud of dust in front of the spell before it could work on them. The partially visible runes disappeared as Ceria hurled more mud to cover it and stopped, panting heavily.
“That was quite dangerous.”
“You think?”
Ceria wiped cold sweat from her forehead as she stared at the spot. She looked around the pit and shuddered as she suddenly realized the true nature of the trap.
“Runes underneath…? All the walls must be covered in the [Insanity] spell.”
Ksmvr looked around.
“Truly? That would be a most dangerous effect. It is fortunate that previous adventurers managed to coat the walls.”
“You’re telling me. If we’d been exposed to the spell from all sides, we wouldn’t have had a chance.”
Ceria wondered what the black substance was. She looked down at a flake of it on the ground. It was almost like tar—although spread quite thin. It couldn’t be magic; even the best spells faded after time. An [Alchemist]’s concoction of some kind? Whoever it was, Ceria gave her quiet thanks to them for doing what they had.
“I see light! The tunnel’s wide enough! I’m going up!”
Pisces shouted down to Ksmvr and Ceria after a few more minutes of dirt falling. She raised a hand in acknowledgment.
“Be careful!”
Pisces disappeared above. After a few seconds, he poked his head down.
“Come on up! Ascend carefully—my skeletons will help you!”
Ceria and Ksmvr didn’t need the help of the skeletons to walk upwards, although they did move quite slowly and deliberately to avoid slipping. But Yvlon had to be dragged up by three skeletons, all of them holding her as tightly as possible as she cursed and struggled, oblivious to the drop.
