3.08 H
Page 5
“I hate to say it, but you’re the strongest of us and no one else can bear the load. Do you think you can handle it?”
She didn’t want to suggest burying the treasure. It was a risky move if people got wind of their haul and decided to backtrack to find anything they’d left behind. But Ceria didn’t want to overburden the Antinium either. To her surprise, Ksmvr shook his head.
“It is no problem. I can drag all that we have collected if need be. I would have simply organized the distribution of weight differently if I had known I was going to be the sole carrier.”
“Oh.”
Pisces, still looking quite gray and weary, sat up slowly, groaning with what seemed to be genuine distress for once.
“I can summon—one or two undead aides. They can help lift—”
“No.”
Yvlon interrupted Pisces. She shook her head and lifted one of the packs, stumbling slightly at the weight.
“No undead. We can carry it ourselves.”
She looked at Ceria, and the half-Elf nodded.
“You heard her. We’ll get back ourselves.”
“Where to? We’re far from all the cities.”
“But we’re nearest to…ah, Remendia I think. Once we hit the main road we can catch a ride.”
“If we don’t hit bandits.”
“Dead gods. Don’t speak like that, Pisces. Let’s just get—”
Yvlon took a few steps and stumbled. Instantly, Ksmvr and Ceria grabbed her shoulder before she could fall. The taller woman smiled gratefully at them. Pisces heaved himself up with a groan and picked up the smallest pack.
“If we must persist, let us do so with dignity. Onwards, then.”
He lurched forwards, ignoring the look the other three gave him. But he was right, and soon enough Ceria and Yvlon and Ksmvr were stumbling up, out of the tunnels, out of Albez. They had seen the dungeon and retrieved the treasure.
But none of them were smiling.
 
—-
 
“Cold.”
Ceria gritted her teeth as she walked through the snow. Pisces sneezed; Yvlon made a face.
“How’re your arms, Yvlon?”
“Just the same as when you last asked, Ceria.”
“Sorry.”
“No—I apologize.”
“Got another spell in you, Springwalker?”
Pisces chattered as he stumbled forwards in the freezing drifts. Ceria grimaced, but made a flame in her palm, feeding it as much mana as possible. Yvlon and Pisces crowded around, warming their hands.
Somehow, after all their battles in the dungeon under Albez, the Horns of Hammerad had forgotten that it was, in fact, the middle of winter above. It had been a nasty surprise to all of them to emerge into a light snow shower, but at least it hadn’t been a blizzard.
Pisces sighed as his hands grew warmer, and Yvlon grunted. She was trying to warm the metal stuck to her arms, and Ceria knew she had to be coldest since the metal lost its warmth faster than bare skin.
“Sure we’re going the right way?”
“I think so. The mountains are that way—we’ve got to be close. Maybe it’s over that incline over there?”
“Damn snow makes everything invisible. I can’t even see the forests—just white.”
Yvlon grumbled, swearing out loud for one of the first times in Ceria’s hearing. Pisces grunted. He glanced over his shoulder and called out.
“Ksmvr! Are you okay?”
“I am…well…thank you…Comrade Pisces.”
The puffing, slightly out-of-breath reply was at odds with the way Ksmvr diligently kept his steady, unfaltering pace. He slowly trudged forwards, dragging the bulk of their goods along the ground. The one good thing the weather had given the Horns of Hammerad was that they’d been able to make a makeshift sled for Ksmvr to drag along.
“You sure you don’t need help?”
Ceria and Yvlon eyed the Antinium with some concern. He shook his head, although his voice was no less strained.
