3.08 H
Page 8
Her voice bounced off the walls and she heard confused shouting. The Humans lowered their bows for a second, and then someone who looked like an officer was running, pointing at them. Ceria and Pisces ran over to Yvlon, watching the [Guardsmen] warily. No more arrows flew down from the walls, and after a second, Ceria saw people rushing down the battlements.
Yvlon crouched beside Ksmvr, still shielding him. The Antinium was trying to get up and she was holding him down.
“Don’t move. They might loose another volley. Ksmvr, are you okay?”
“I am fine. Captain, permission to return fire?”
“Do you have a bow?”
“…Permission to throw things?”
“No. Just hold on.”
Ceria watched as the people on the wall shouted. Then, one of them stood up and raised a flag. It was white. Pisces snorted at it.
“Is that supposed to mean they surrender? Or that they’re not going to try and kill us?”
“Either one works for me. Oh look, now they’ve noticed the gold. They’re sending a delegation.”
Yvlon just sighed. She helped Ksmvr up. The Antinium grunted as he snapped the shaft of the arrow in his leg. The one in his shoulder he left alone as he hefted his pack.
“Adventurers! The [Guardsmen] are standing down! The gates are open!”
Someone was shouting from the walls. Ceria looked up and growled.
“That’s all they can say?”
She raised her skeletal hand and gave the [Guardsmen] on the wall an unmistakable gesture. Then she looked around. Pisces was giving the people clustered at the gates an evil eye. Yvlon was helping Ksmvr walk forwards, and the Antinium was dragging his pack. Everyone had the same grim expression on their face. She nodded.
“New plan. We go in and if anyone gets in our way, you have my full permission to hit them. Stick together, and until we get to the Adventurer’s Guild and log our claim, no one slows us down.”
There was indeed a group of anxious-looking people forming at the gates. Ceria scowled. Pisces rubbed at his face and spoke to no one in particular.
“I really hate this continent.”
“Humans.”
“I would like to not have this arrow in my leg.”
“Adventurer’s Guild and bed. And I will kick anyone who gets in our way.”
For once it looked like they all had something they could agree on.
 
—-
 
What happened when adventurers came back from a dungeon? For all that the stories of adventurers returning with fame and fortune were told to every child, it was rare enough that no one had any structure to what came next.
But there was a certain rhythm to things. Assuming the adventurers were not being pursued by monsters or grievously injured—and assuming they came back successfully bearing treasure, not laden down with failure and regret—there was inevitably a lot of fuss.
It began at the walls. The [Guardsmen] on duty would always be the first to notice adventurers coming in, and there was a certain walk the triumphant had. Not to mention the glitter of gold. They would be the first to shout the news, and then it was just a matter of who was standing closest to the gates.
Everyone loved treasure. True, Drakes and Humans were known to love it most of all, but there wasn’t an adult or child who wouldn’t drop whatever they were doing and rush to see what wonders had been unearthed by the brave souls who had found some ancient tomb or lair.
