3.08 H
Page 2
“Burnt sword here. Looks cracked. But it’s still magical; I can feel it.”
“Are such objects repairable, Captain?”
“I have no idea. And I don’t even know what these things do, so handle them carefully, alright?”
“I will do so.”
Ceria placed the sword on the ground next to a pack. She stared at it blankly until she remembered it was the adventurer’s pack she’d found. What could be inside there?
Whatever it was, it would have to wait until later. Some adventurers trapped their belongings in case they were stolen, and Ceria wanted to risk nothing. She looked at Pisces, and saw he was beginning to build the bridge out of the burnt bones again.
This time, the construction process was painfully slow. Ceria could see Pisces grimacing as bones slowly flew into the air. He could only manage about eight at a time. But he was getting the job done, and he looked determined not to quit.
It was a different side of him than Ceria had seen, and once again it reminded her of the past. She paused as she sorted through a few bones next to Pisces.
“That was some final guardian, wasn’t it?”
Pisces nodded, not taking his eyes off his work.
“It was a formidable enemy. I regret that neither you nor I had the forethought to check for traps at the last moment.”
She nodded, biting her lip.
“Although if the mage was any good, he would have set the summoning spell to activate if we checked the magic, just like the door.”
“True.”
Silence. Ceria tossed a long bone up and watched it float upwards.
“Did it remind you of anything? The fire construct, I mean.”
“Are you referring to the Golems of Wistram? That is a natural comparison, but unfair. This…creature was clearly meant to be summoned for short periods rather than act as a permanent servant. True, it was far less intelligent than Cognita. It was simply a guardian, meant to kill.”
“It was good enough at that. I just wonder…how’d it catch you? You’re better than that, or you should be.”
The young man stopped in his work. He lowered his hands and stared at Ceria. His eyes were cold.
“What do you mean by that?”
“Exactly what I said. Don’t get offended, Pisces.”
“I find that a difficult proposition given your last statement.”
“I’m just remembering how you used to be. And if you’ll remember, you were better than this, once.”
“I’m sure I have no recollection of such martial prowess.”
“Don’t be a prat. I’m not trying to—”
Ceria broke off. She turned her head.
“Ah, Ksmvr? Do you need something?”
The Antinium nodded. He was standing a few feet away from the two adventurers, making no effort to conceal his eavesdropping. He stared fixedly at Ceria and Pisces.
“I would like to stay and observe the act of chastisement so I may learn to do it myself in a command situation.”
“I’m not sure that’s such a—”
“No, no. Let the Antinium stay.”
Pisces folded his arms, looking angry. He snapped at Ceria.
“By all means, Springwalker. Say your piece.”
She took a breath. This wasn’t the time for it. But she couldn’t stop now. Calmly, she spoke, looking Pisces in the eye.
“In the battle against that fire thing, I saw you using [Flash Step], but you got caught, Pisces. When we were students together you could have danced around that construct for days without letting it get near you.”
“And?”
Ceria spread her hands.
“And that’s all. I’m just making an observation.”
“I see.”
