3.08 H
Page 1
Ceria nodded, and then walked over to Pisces and Ksmvr. The two were lying not far from each other. And of the two, Pisces was clearly worse-off. The mage had vomit staining his lips and he had gotten some of it on himself. He was pale and shivering, and Ceria knew he had to be suffering. She pulled out a bottle from her belt. It was still intact. The thick glass had protected the mana potion.
Carefully, Ceria poured the maroon liquid over Pisces, ignoring his reactions. It didn’t matter too much if he drank it; right now his body was a void of mana, and he would absorb it from the concentrated liquid to recover.
Sure enough, Pisces sat up, gasping. The noise woke up Ksmvr as well. The two sat up; Ksmvr dribbled a bit of green from his mouth, but wiped it away. Ceria wasn’t sure if that was blood or something worse. No one was in good shape at the moment.
“Pisces, are you okay?”
“I—”
The mage’s face was pale. He dry-heaved a bit, and then wiped at his mouth. He regarded the stains on his robe and shuddered before looking up at Ceria.
“Mana potion?”
She nodded. Ksmvr staggered upright and saluted Ceria weakly.
“Captain.”
“Take it easy, Ksmvr.”
“I will do so. Is comrade Pisces alright?”
“I think so, but he was insane. You know that, right, Pisces? You reanimated what, over thirty skeletons in a ten minute period? You’re lucky you didn’t start bleeding in the brain or damage yourself worse.”
“I am a better [Necromancer] than I am a [Mage] by far.”
That was all Pisces said, which meant he pretty much agreed with Ceria’s statement. He looked around the pit full of bone fragments and closed his eyes.
“…Did we manage to save anything?”
“I found part of a spell book. Besides that, I don’t know. Yvlon’s not in a good way.”
The other two adventurers followed Ceria over to Yvlon. She looked up and nodded at them. Pisces stared at her arms openly, while Ksmvr looked at them and around the room.
“What should we do now, Captain Ceria? Should we begin collecting valuable items? I still have the pack you gave me.”
“I—”
Ceria just shook her head. She could barely stand, and she saw Pisces was swaying on his feet.
“Ten minutes. Let’s just…”
She sat down wearily, and then had to lie down. Pisces collapsed back onto the ground; Ksmvr stayed on his feet and began to wander the pit, picking up burnt objects. Yvlon went back to staring at her arms.
It took a while for Ceria to feel strong enough to get back up. When she did, she just felt like lying down again. But they had to move.
“Okay. Pisces, you’re our only ticket out of this pit. Can you make another staircase?”
The [Mage] looked up tiredly at the small gap high overhead.
“I can try.”
It was a mark of his exhaustion that he didn’t brag, and Ceria knew it. She helped him up.
“Do it slowly. Piece by piece. You don’t have to complete it in one go.”
He nodded. Ceria turned to Ksmvr.
“While Pisces is working, let’s get some of the stuff that fell into the pit gathered up. Most of it looks burned, but they’re all highly magical artifacts. Put anything you can find over here, okay Ksmvr?”
The Antinium had already accumulated a few burnt objects. He gently edged them closer to Yvlon, but the other woman was standing up. She moved her arms stiffly, and then nodded.
“I’ll help too.”
“You don’t have to, Yvlon—”
“I can do it. I need to move.”
She began moving around the edge of the pit. Ceria hesitated, and then got to work as well. The first thing she did was pick up the spellbook. The magic words glimmered as she put the book in her pack. Then she began hunting for anything that had survived the flames.
