3.08 H
Page 0

She woke up quietly, without screaming. Ceria opened her eyes and sat up. She was in pain, but she didn’t cry out. She just took a deep, wavering breath in the silence of the pit and knew she was alive.
Her skin felt burnt. Not just burnt; damaged. The heat from above had cooked her like an egg. But she was still alive, so it was clear that the magical flames from above hadn’t managed to spread to below.
The half-Elf sighed, and felt something move on her chest. She looked down and saw the book. Part of it was white ash that fell away as she lifted it up. But the other half—
“Ah.”
It was magical. The page that lay exposed under the dust shone, the intricate, spider-web writing that made up the magical spells glowing like saffron under her gaze. Ceria breathed lightly and the ash fell away. She looked at the spell and felt the magic reach out to her, whispering. For a second Ceria just looked at the third of the spellbook and believed in magic, believed in legends and dreams and even heroes. Then she put the book down and looked for her friends.
“[Light].”
The shimmering azure orb cast into light the fragments of scorched bone, the black tar-like substance on the walls, and the armored young woman sitting cross-legged in the center of the destruction. Yvlon sat silently, head bowed, staring in quiet contemplation at her arms. Her golden hair shone slightly, but the reflection off the melted silver of her arms shone even brighter. It flowed, like an ocean of metal.
“Yvlon.”
The other woman didn’t look up as Ceria staggered over. She just lifted her arms—with effort.
“It’s fused to my skin, Ceria. I can feel it. I could take off the rest of my armor but this—this isn’t so easy to undo.”
She had indeed taken off the rest of her plate armor. It lay scattered around her, badly deformed, parts melted together such that Yvlon had had to take off the entire section at once. But the metal on her arms remained. Ceria caught her breath as she saw how badly the metal had melted. It was twisted, warped, and clung to Yvlon’s arms like—
“We can cut it off. Even if we have to heal some of it afterwards—”
“Some will come off. But the rest—it feels deep, Ceria.”
Yvlon shook her head. Her arms moved as she—slowly—flexed them. Ceria saw breaks along the elbows and wrist sections, enough for Yvlon to move her arms. But the metal was clearly anchored to Yvlon’s flesh.
“We’ll get it off. We just need to get back to the city.”
Yvlon nodded slowly. She smiled, only a trace of bitterness in her eyes.
“I always wondered how Dullahans lived. I guess I’ll learn a bit of what it’s like.”
“I—”
There was nothing to say. Ceria bent down and clasped Yvlon’s shoulder. After a moment, she felt a cold, hard hand grasp hers.
“You saved us all. You slew a being made of pure flame with a sword. You’d be a hero among adventurers just for that.”
“Father would be proud.”
The Human woman laughed. Ceria forced her lips to move, smiled. Then she looked around.
“Pisces and Ksmvr?”
“Over there. Pisces looks worst off—I’d have woken you, but I thought it was better if you rested.”
Ceria nodded and brushed at her sooty hair. She staggered a bit—she felt empty.
“How long was I out?”
“I was only up for the last twenty minutes. Before that? It must be hours, at least. I can’t sense any heat from above.”
“True.”
