3.09
Page 14
“Ye’d invoke our friendship? For her?”
 
“Absolutely. She’s my friend as well. And all I’m asking is if you’d consider looking at her magical artifacts.”
 
“No! Nae! Never a million times over!”
 
“Ivolethe…”
 
“Never a million times and one!”
 
“Come on.”
 
“No!”
Ceria stared at the two arguing and rubbed her eyes. She stared at her mug and decided she wasn’t doing any more drinking, possibly ever.  Ryoka kept pressing the insistent Frost Faerie.
“Ivolethe, I’m asking you as a friend. Unless your friendship with me isn’t worth that much?”
Ivolethe’s eyes narrowed dangerously, and her voice deepened far more than should be possible.
 
“Play no games with me, mortal. Friendship is not a bargaining tool.”
 
“Sorry.”
Ryoka actually looked chastened. Ivolethe fanned her wings out, sniffed, and then seemed to relent. She didn’t look directly at Ceria, but her tone made it clear she was speaking to both girls.
 
“Even if I did consent, my help would avail ye naught.”
 
“Why’s that? Can’t you read magic? I thought faeries knew more magic than any mortal.”
 
“True, but what we understand is not your odd system. I could read the flow of magic within such objects, but knowing the ken of such strange things is beyond me. The wh—the halfling is right. Find a proper spellcaster to do your work rather than bother me.”
 
With that, the faerie jumped back into the pouch and closed it in a huff, pausing only to drink Ryoka’s cup dry. Ryoka stared at Ceria and shrugged.
“Well, it was worth a shot.”
Ceria stared at her friend and shook her head very slowly.
“You’re going to have to explain what happened to you while I was away.”
The young woman grinned.
“I can do that. It’ll take a while, though.”
“We’ve got time. You could tell all of us over dinner. We could visit Yvlon then hear it from you.”
Ryoka nodded.
“Good idea. And while we do, I can talk to you about Erin.”
“What about Erin? Is she okay?”
“She’s in Celum right now.”
“What?”
“I’ll tell you the entire story, but the long and short of it is that she needs an escort. And we also need for Pisces to track down Toren—the skeleton.”
“Why?”
Ceria’s mind raced ahead of Ryoka’s answer and she groaned even as Ryoka told her.
“He’s done it. Pisces actually—no, maybe he just made one that could think. But that crazy fool actually—”
Ryoka frowned as she followed Ceria out the door. The half-Elf stomped down the corridor, suddenly in a foul mood.
“What’s he done? What’s this about Toren?”
“We’ll get Pisces to explain right now. If he’s not sober I’ll freeze him until he is. It’s his stupid idea with the undead. It goes all the way back to when we were at Wistram.”
Ceria paused as she reached the stairs leading down. She halted Ryoka silently. The young woman looked at her, and she had the presence of mind to whisper.
“What? What’s wrong?”
The half-Elf frowned. She lowered her voice to a whisper as well.
“Pisces and Ksmvr were down there with half the city drinking and having a party.”
“So?”
“Why’s it so quiet?”
They exchanged a look. Ceria raised her skeletal hand, calling magic into it. Ryoka pulled a bottle from her belt. The two crept down the stairs.
The two were ready for anything—bandits, a crazed mob, enemy mages, monsters—even an evil undead skeleton. But neither of them had expected the smartly dressed, professional [Butler] that stood in the middle of the common room, waiting for them to come down.
