3.09
Page 12
“After Yvlon gets treated and we’ve had another day to rest, we’re going to have to think hard about what we want to do next.”
“As adventurers, you mean?”
“Not that. I mean, not yet. I think we’re all in this now; we’ve been bit by the adventuring beast. But we need to improve ourselves first. We all leveled up from that dungeon—several times actually! But if we want to continue, we need to get those artifacts analyzed. They’re the difference between us being Silver-rank and Gold-rank.”
Ryoka nodded, thinking hard.
“Any idea how you could do that? I have one idea, but it would be…risky…”
“No need for risk. I know how to get everything looked at. It’s just a matter of time and effort.”
“Really? How?”
Ceria drained most of her mug, grimacing as she remembered it wasn’t water she was drinking.
“One place where we know we’d find people able to dispel the magic and maybe even repair the artifacts is Invrisil.”
“The City of Adventurers?”
“Everyone just has to mention that.”
The half-Elf rolled her eyes and laughed with Ryoka. But then she grew serious again.
“Yes. It’s one of the most famous cities on the continent for a reason. It’s the center of the Human lands, and famous teams pass through there all the time. If there were any place aside from Wistram where we’d get the gear looked at, it’s there.”
“Sounds good to me. Only one problem though—isn’t Invrisil over four hundred miles north of here?”
“Six hundred? Something huge. Anyways, none of us want to make the journey, but that’s the place we have to be. A trip would take weeks—maybe as much as a month and it would take far too much coin and time, not to mention the danger if people knew what we were carrying. But…”
“But…?”
Ceria grinned.
“Well, we were talking about it last night. This morning, rather, while we were getting over our last hangover. If it’s too much time and effort for the four of us to go north, why not hire someone who can get there faster? Someone we can trust? They could take the gold and get the gear analyzed, and then send us a [Message] spell and ask what we want to do and bring the gear back. Of course, we’d have to have complete faith in the Runner brave enough to do all that…”
At first, Ryoka’s expression was intent, but then her face went slack with surprise. By the time Ceria had finished, she was shaking her head.
“That’s a lot of trust to put in a Runner. I wouldn’t trust anyone like that, myself.”
“Are you sure?”
Ceria teased Ryoka.
“You’re the person who saved the original Horns of Hammerad all that time ago. And you went into the crypts to rescue me. I’d trust you with our gear and coin, and so would Yvlon. Pisces is on the fence, and Ksmvr just doesn’t know you that well. But if we got you an escort—another Runner who can fight maybe—the real issue is how you’ll carry all that gear without attracting attention.”
The young woman’s expression was bemused.
“I…may have something that could help with that. But before we go to all that trouble, I might have an even better idea. I happen to know a local expert in magic myself.”
“Really? Who?”
“I’ll introduce you.”
To Ceria’s incredulous surprise, Ryoka unbuckled her Runner’s belt and laid it on the table. She called out, and to Ceria’s astonishment she saw one of the compartments was moving.
“Hey. Ivolethe. You can come out here.”
The large pouch vibrated and Ceria leaned back as she heard a voice! It was a voice, but something was very strange about it. She heard someone speaking, that much was obvious. And yet—
