3.09
Page 6
He waves for another drink, jaw set. I feel for him; he’s going through what I felt not too long ago. What I struggle with now, to be honest. It just bites him harder, because he’s in the system and still not getting rewarded.
“I’d say relax. Don’t worry about it. Soon Persua will be gone, and you’ll be the best Runner again. Well, aside from me. The Guild will be fawning all over you soon enough.”
Fals stares at me and then laughs.
“It’s odd hearing you be the voice of reason. But you’re right. It’s just depressing seeing Persua of all people become so successful. If it was someone like Garia, I’d be cheering her on. I wish it had been her, to be honest. She could use the help.”
I frown over my drink. It’s not even half empty and Fals is on his second tumbler. He’s really upset. I guess I can listen; I was going to find Garia anyway, and she might be in here later.
“What’s wrong with Garia? Is she hurt? Or is it something else?”
“She’s had problems of her own. Garia’s a good Runner, Ryoka, you know that. She can haul as much as a horse around, but she’s slow. And sometimes—she gets lost.”
The young man in front of me shakes his head, shoulders sagging. His words make me sit up in my chair.
“Lost? What do you mean?”
He waves towards the window. Ivolethe rustles around in my pouch and I order a bowl of nuts to dump in there to keep her calm.
“It’s the snow. Everything looks the same to her—she loses track of the road. Her eyesight isn’t as good as yours or mine, that’s the problem.”
Eyesight problems? Why would—oh. They don’t have glasses here. Or do they?
“Isn’t there a—a spell that could help her out with that? Improve her vision?”
“Oh, it’s not a matter of how far she can see.”
Fals flicks his wrist dismissively.
“If it were, there are spectacles—although it would be hard for her to wear those clumsy things while running—or she could buy an enchanted pair. Pricey, but she could save up. Her problem is that she can’t tell the difference between white and grey, you see? If she’s on the road and it’s just snowed—”
Color blindness. Oh. I close my eyes. There’s nothing I can do about that. Fals nods wearily.
“Everyone’s got problems, Ryoka. Garia’s a good Runner, but winter is tough for her.”
“Sounds like it.”
I sigh. I haven’t been a good friend—a friend at all to these people, have I?
“I should hang out with her more. Talk to her. I know she’s wanted to go on a delivery with me; I could do that now and then.”
Fals smiles.
“Would you? She’d love that. In fact, she’s invited me over to stay at her parent’s farm—thanks for helping her out after she got injured. I’d go, but…it would be better if two of us went rather than just me.”
He pauses delicately and I consider the invitation. He’s saying he doesn’t like Garia, which is fair enough, I guess. It’s not as if he has to like her, and he’s still a good friend to her. And as for me?
“Why the hell not? I’ll tag along sometime. Can I bring a friend?”
“Interesting way of putting it. I’m sure Garia wouldn’t mind the company, and she tells me her folks are just as friendly as she is. I’ll ask her about it when I see her.”
“She might come walking in here soon enough. She usually eats here—more often now that there’s a new cook. Were you waiting for her?”
“What? No, I was going to see you.”
“What for?”
Fals pauses, cup touching his mouth. He lowers it and smacks his head.
“What? Oh, of course! Dead gods, I’ll start forgetting my own name soon enough.”
