3.09
Page 13
She heard the words. It sounded like—‘are ye sure?’. But it couldn’t be. Ceria rubbed at her ears; the sound was almost ethereal, if that could apply to a voice. It felt almost as though she was hearing the words in her mind, like a stray thought. Then Ryoka opened the pouch and something flew out.
A Frost Faerie, a Winter Sprite, one of the beings of winter Ceria had seen every year, flew into the air, whirling as vapor trails formed behind her. Ceria gasped and pushed her chair back in instinctive surprise. And fear. She hadn’t forgotten how the faeries had attacked her last time she’d met, and all half-Elves had learned very early on that the Winter Sprites were not friendly towards them.
But something was different about this faerie. She wasn’t the half-blurred form Ceria saw in the sky. Ceria knew the faeries had their own glamor, an illusion she could only partly see through thanks to her Elven heritage. But in the confines of the room, the magic that kept her from being seen and heard was gone.
She was—real. So real and delicate and wondrous that Ceria couldn’t believe her eyes. But what her eyes saw made her stare even harder.
She saw something else, behind the form Ryoka saw. She saw a flash of color—a face, far larger than the tiny faerie’s wrinkling her nose at Ceria in displeasure. The elfin being flicked her hair—
And then the image was gone. The tiny faerie flipped her hair, flipped Ceria off, and then jumped up onto the mug with the drinks. She dunked her head in it and drank, lowering the level of the liquid quite a bit. Then she sat on the cup and glared at both Ceria and Ryoka.
 
“I do not wish to speak to the offspring of whores and slatterns.”
 
“That’s a rude way to say hello.”
Ryoka glared at the tiny faerie whom she introduced as Ivolethe. Ceria just stared, awestruck. When she finally found her voice, all she could do was stammer.
“How did you—do you know what—Ryoka?”
The young woman was grinning like a child holding a huge sweet.
“She’s a friend of mine, Ceria. A Frost Faerie. And she’s teaching me their magic.”
“Their magic?”
Ceria’s eyes turned back to Ivolethe. The tiny faerie made another rude gesture.
 
“Don’t stare at me so, bastard-daughter!”
 
The words stung and brought Ceria back to earth. Ryoka frowned hard at the tiny faerie and pushed her into the cup. Ivolethe spluttered and shook liquid off her wings, shouting in outrage.
“Stop that. Ceria’s done nothing wrong. Why do your people hate her so much?”
The faerie sneered at Ryoka.
 
“We don’t hate her, fool! We hate what she has become, what her existence means! Ask her about her people and their sin!”
 
Ceria bit her lip as the faerie spoke. She didn’t know about sin—but she knew what the faerie meant. Ryoka glanced at her face and scowled at Ivolethe again.
“Stop being rude. I asked you to come out because I thought you could help, not shout insults. Calm down.”
“Would you like a drink?”
Ceria offered her mug to the faerie. Ivolethe snorted and kicked the mug back.
 
“I won’t drink from your cup, half-breed!”
 
Ryoka’s eyes narrowed.
“Ivolethe. She offered you her cup. That was an act of good faith.”
 
“I piss in your good faith!”
 
The faerie shouted at Ceria, but Ryoka flicked her back into the mug again. When she came out shrieking in outrage, Ceria just sighed and spoke to Ryoka.
“I don’t think it’s worth it, Ryoka.”
“I do. And if Ivolethe is my friend, she’d heed my request.”
Something about the way Ryoka phrased her statement spoke to Ceria. It certainly had an impact on Ivolethe. The faerie stared up at her, incredulous.
 
