3.09
Page 15
He was the odd thing out in the world of celebration and cheer. Pisces, Ksmvr, and the many, many guests in the inn were all paused in the midst of their reveling, staring at the man in his black uniform and trim mustache. He bowed to Ryoka, arm over his stomach as she descended, staring at him.
“Ryoka Griffin?”
Ceria looked over at her friend as every eye turned to the Runner. Ryoka had a dark look on her face as she stared at the man. She crossed her arms.
“Who’s asking?”
The [Butler] straightened and gave her a dignified nod of the head. His words were crisp and precise.
“My name is Reynold, Miss Griffin. I am a [Butler] in direct employ of the Reinhart house. I have come here at the orders of Lady Magnolia.”
Ceria had never wanted a [Butler]—she’d never considered even having one before now. But now she wanted one. She stared at the man, mind buzzing with the implications of what he’d just said. Lady Magnolia? She wanted Ryoka? Why?
Ryoka’s face was completely hostile as she stared at Reynold.
“Oh? And what does Magnolia want with me?”
The man gestured towards the door. Through it, Ryoka could see a carriage, sitting horseless on the street. But it was not a simple carriage. It had to be one of the nobility’s carriages, the kind pulled by magic creations similar in nature to the fire construct Ceria had faced in the dungeon.
“The coach awaits you outside. If you will come with us, we will bring you to the estate of Magnolia Reinhart.”
“And if I refuse?”
Ceria stared at her friend in shock. But Ryoka looked quite serious. Reynold nodded once.
“I will not force you to come with us.”
“Wise.”
Ryoka sneered down at the [Butler]. He raised one finger, cutting off her next words.
“However, I must caution you that Lady Magnolia did not send just me.”
“What?”
Outside the inn, the doors of the carriage slowly opened. Ceria saw someone emerge from the carriage, but it was not Lady Magnolia. Not Magnolia, and yet a tiny bell in Ceria’s head—her [Dangersense]—rang the instant she laid eyes on the woman.
Ressa, the head [Maid] in Lady Magnolia’s employ, stepped through the doors, staring around the room full of silent people as if they were specks of dirt and she had a dust cloth. She stopped, her black and white dress swirling around her as she met Ryoka’s eyes across the crowded room.
The older woman did not smile. She didn’t frown either; she just looked at Ryoka with cold eyes, weighing her up and down and finding her wanting as before. Ressa’s face was implacable as she looked Ryoka straight in the eye and spoke.
“Lady Reinhart is expecting you.”
 

