3.09
Page 7
He puts down his drink and leans across the table to me, smiling. Suddenly I remember that Fals doesn’t like Garia. He likes me. At least, I think he did at one point. Fuck. What’s he going to—
“You know those adventurers you were hanging out with? The ah, Horns?”
My thoughts freeze. I focus on Fals.
“Yes. What about them?”
“I was just in Remendia, and I heard of a big celebration that was thrown in Ocre. I missed the festivities—but apparently the city was celebrating a group of adventurers who just completed a dungeon crawl. They came out with a lot of loot. And guess what they were calling themselves?”
I sit back in my chair, too shocked for words. The Horns of Hammerad? Gerial, Calruz, and—
No, no. They’re dead. It’s just Ceria now. I remember that Erin told me she’d formed another group with Pisces, Yvlon, and one of the Antinium. But I didn’t realize—
I’m standing before I know it. Fals looks at me, concerned. I stare towards the door. Ocre? Not too far. It’s only midday—not even that. I can make it by tonight.
“I—I’ve got to go. I have to—can you tell Garia? And Erin?”
I look at Fals. He nods at me, understanding.
“I’ll let Garia know. But who’s Erin?”
“She’s the other innkeeper here!”
I shout at him as I run out the door. I’m already picking up the pace as I run down the street.
It’s too late now. They went through the dungeon and survived. Fals said that. It’s all over now; why am I running? But I have to see.
The last time I left them, they were all dead when I got back. All dead. I never said goodbye. But this—
They did it. I just have to see that. I have to look Ceria in the eye and congratulate her. I—
They really did it. I’m smiling, but my eyes are stinging as I race out of Celum and run through the snow.
 
—-
 
The young woman ran through the snow, dashing through snow banks, feet flashing across the ground. She ran fast. Well, comparably fast. To the faeries flying high overhead, she was as slow as a falling snowflake.
Oh, if pressed the faeries would admit that Ryoka ran faster than the snow in a literal sense. But to their eyes she was like a rolling stone, or a scurrying rodent, or the slow orbit of the sun. She moved, yes, but she ran against the wind, blundering through nature. She did not dance upon the world like they did.
And the faeries did dance, or fly, or maybe both at the same time high overhead. Ryoka ran on, not hearing as they flew and argued with one of their number.
 
“Why are you following her? She’s done naught interesting for days, sister!”
 
One of the faeries complained to a faerie who flew closer to Ryoka than the rest. She sounded aggrieved, but the faerie in question—Ivolethe—just flicked her wings at her sister as she flew.
 
“Ah, buzz off if you feel like it! What I do is my own concern!”
“It’s ours if you want to give away our secrets!”
 
Another faerie called out, voice high and challenging. She was younger than Ivolethe—ancient by mortal standards, but younger in a way only the faeries would count. She flinched as Ivolethe glared at her.
 
“‘Tis my business! Interfere and I’ll pluck out your eyes you stripling whelp!”
 
She flew aggressively at the other faerie and the young one flew away, squeaking. But other faeries flew around Ivolethe, and they were not afraid.
 
“It is our business, sister. You pay too much attention to her.”
“I have cause.”
“An ‘if’ on the sea of possibilities is not enough. You risk too much—death, even!—for a mortal. It is not as if she is prophesied.”
“My life is my own. Or are ye a king of mine, to order me about?”
