3.09
Page 3
Some of the people watching this catch sight of me. I speed up as one of the [Receptionists] gives me a dirty look. Oops. I’d better not rub salt in the wounds. At least Persua’s not there—I heard she was being kept by the [Healer] for rest overnight, even though potions mended most of the wounds I gave her.
Persua.
I shake my head and continue onwards. So many problems, and I don’t have time to dwell on that. Erin comes first.
 
—-
 
Octavia’s shop is as chaotic as ever, but I immediately notice Erin’s presence as soon as I push the door open. Ivolethe pokes her head out of my pouch; she feels safe enough to do that here.
 
“Something smells good. Is the innkeeper girl making more food?”
 
“Looks like it.”
I walk into the shop and hear voices arguing with each other.
“I told you—no, look at that! You’ve ruined it with the potion!”
“It doesn’t look that bad! Stop complaining—I told you Ryoka will pay for the potions, and I want to see if it does anything!”
“I’ll waste gold, that’s what will happen! And—can you smell that? It’s burning!”
Cautiously—I’ve seen how Erin experiments by now—I edge into what should be Octavia’s kitchen. Instead, it’s been transformed into a second alchemical workplace, and two girls are bickering over a stew that’s mostly green with something bobbing in the thin liquid. I clear my throat.
“Erin? Octavia? Everything going okay?”
“No!”
They’ve got good synchronization. I raise my hands as Octavia tries to complain about Erin using her potions in her cooking, and Erin offers me a taste of whatever vileness is cooking away.
“I’m not here to eat anything. I just need more of that Corusdeer soup, Erin. It’s wearing off again.”
“Really?”
Erin frowns and goes over to an open cupboard. It’s stocked with a half dozen jars of thick orange soup. Octavia rolls her eyes and calls after Erin.
“I told you that the soup was too thin this time! Too much carrot; not enough pepper!”
“It was worth a shot! Here you are Ryoka.”
“Thanks.”
I eye the mixture in the pot.
“Do I want to know?”
“I think this one’s a dud too. But we’re getting close; I can feel it! I’ve already figured out how to make mana soup!”
The girl with stitches folds her arms and snorts.
“That’s just a mana potion that’s slightly more edible than the rest. What’s the point?”
“It tastes better than your stupid potion!”
As the two begin to bicker, I edge out of the store. Erin seems…happy. At least, happy to keep doing this. I wonder why? I’m willing to foot the bill for her project, but I’d go nuts if I had to keep making failed potions all day. Or if I had to listen to Octavia for more than ten minutes straight.
 
“Got your magic drink?”
 
Ivolethe pokes her head out of my belt pouch, staring at the orange drink. I look at it as well; it’s just soup, but I feel like I’m holding a potion in some kind of videogame. Even long after it’s been bottled, the Corusdeer soup is warm to the touch; it’s magical, and if Erin can make anything else like it, I’ll shove gold down Octavia’s throat as long as it takes.
“Soup. And yes, I’m good. Let’s go find—”
“Is that you, Ryoka?”
Someone calls out to me as I leave Octavia’s shop. I whirl in surprise, and then smile.
“Fals?”
The tall Runner steps out from the wall he was leaning against. I walk towards him, smiling. Why am I so happy to see him? Maybe it’s because it feels like forever since we last spoke.
“What are you doing here?”
“Thought I’d find you; someone told me you were hanging out here every day. How have you been?”
“Good. I—good.”
