3.09
Page 0

Ryoka Griffin stood on the top of a snow-covered hill, facing the wind. Her arms were spread out, and she raised her head as the cold winter winds blew around her. The snow-flecked breeze tugged at her light clothing, a shirt and loose leggings, wholly inappropriate for the season. But the young woman paid no attention to the cold. In fact, such was her body heat that the snow had melted around her bare feet, exposing flattened grass underneath.
She was completely still as the air ruffled her long hair. Ryoka breathed in and felt the cold in her lungs. But she let not one muscle move; made no concession to the elements. Her breathing slowed, and Ryoka became one with nature. She was one with the world. One with the cosmos.
After another minute Ryoka opened her eyes.
“This is stupid.”
She dropped her arms to her side. She twisted her neck and heard a crick. Wincing, she rubbed at her shoulders and looked around. Then she glared at her midriff.
“Hey, Ivolethe! Did you hear me? I said this is stupid. It’s not working.”
Somewhat predictably, Ryoka’s midriff did not respond to her comment. But after a second, one of the compartments in her belt rustled, and a small head poked out. The tiny crystal head had bulging cheeks, and as Ivolethe flew out of the pouch she crammed the last bit of dried sweet fruit into her mouth.
 
“What’s wrong, Ryoka?”
 
The young woman paused and eyed Ivolethe. The naked faerie was just as ignorant of the cold as Ryoka was, but she had clearly been feasting in Ryoka’s pouch while the young woman tried to commune with the wind. The faerie was covered in bits of dried fruit; the sticky sweets clung to her like leeches.
Ivolethe didn’t seem to mind. The faerie peeled a bit of raisin off her stomach while Ryoka pushed at her hair distractedly. She spoke with waspish exasperation, but trying to moderate her tone.
“This isn’t working. I’ve been here for over an hour doing what you said, and all I have to show for it is wet feet and sore shoulders.”
 
“Hmm.”
 
The faerie eyed Ryoka skeptically, and then flew around her in a quick pattern. When she stopped she looked disappointed.
 
“You feel nothing? Even after taking in the wind?”
 
“Aside from the need to pee? Nothing.”
Ryoka sighed as the faerie scowled. She spread her hands.
“I don’t know. What should I be feeling?”
 
“The wind.”
 
The faerie gave her a look as if Ryoka was insane. Ryoka gave the faerie the same look.
“I’ve been feeling the wind. But I don’t feel a connection to it or whatever. Look, is there something else we can try?”
 
“I suppose we must try something else, then.”
 
Ivolethe screwed up her face in concentration. Ryoka began stretching her sore legs, watching the faerie think.
In theory, they were right now studying faerie magic. That was to say, Ivolethe was trying to teach Ryoka how the Frost Faeries conjured snow and moved faster than anything Ryoka had even seen in the world. Trying was the operative word here, though.
“Are you sure this is how you teach people faerie magic?”
 
“No.”
 
Ryoka paused as she grabbed her foot from behind, stretching the muscles in her legs out.
“What do you mean, ‘no’? I thought you knew what you were doing! You told me to stand here and listen to the wind!”
The faerie glared at her.
 
“And I thought it would help! No wonder ye heard nothing, though, since all ye do is jabber on with your complaints!”
 
“I’m doing my best. But I don’t even know what I’m doing! What part of the wind are you talking about?”
 
“There!”
 
