3.09
Page 11
“I’ve got money for Erin too—we talked, and there’s forty gold coins waiting for her.”
Ryoka whistled softly.
“That’s a lot more than she said she lent you.”
Ceria grinned.
“We’d give her even more, but we don’t have that much gold to toss around.”
“The rumor I heard coming into the city was that you and the others were set up for life.”
The half-Elf had to laugh at that, ruefully.
“We were. We pulled in nearly a hundred pounds worth of gold and gems, did you know? That would be enough to outfit us in style or pay for our retirement—Pisces, Yvlon and Ksmvr’s, at least, I’d run out before I died of old age—but we spent it instead.”
“On what? Magical equipment?”
“No. It’s going to the people who died in Liscor.”
“Oh.”
Silence descended again, but not for too long. Ceria explained.
“We’re giving them each a share. If we can, that is. Direct family—lovers—it’s hard to confirm, but we’ll give all the relatives of the dead what we can. It’s not enough, but it’s something.”
Ryoka nodded.
“Noble of you. Not sure it’s practical.”
“Neither am I. But Yvlon’s said she’ll forfeit her share of the magical artifacts if need be. I’m not sure it’ll come to that, but she’ll have last pick at any rate.”
“Artifacts? You mentioned those. You came away with more than just gold and jewels?”
“In a sense.”
Ceria grimaced as she explained what they’d recovered.
“Burnt and mangled, mostly. But they’re powerful. The trouble is, we can’t figure out what they do or if they’re still dangerous.”
“I can see that’s a problem. Can’t you hire another [Mage] to analyze the stuff, though?”
Ceria shook her head.
“Not in this city. There’s no one high-level enough to tell us what the items do, or whether they can be repaired. Pisces and I have had a look at the enchantments, but the more complex a spell is, the harder it is to…untangle the individual spells I guess is the best way of putting it. And since they’re all damaged, it’s even more of a mess.”
“I see.”
Ryoka frowned.
“Magical weapons, huh?”
“And a bag and the pack of a dead adventurer. Frankly, I suspect those two might be the more valuable pieces of loot. I’m sure the bag is actually a bag of holding, and if that’s the case, who knows what could be in there?”
“But you haven’t opened it?”
“Too risky. The bag and the pack are both trapped, at least, so we think. There’s a binding spell that prevents both from being opened—or damaged—and I don’t want to mess with either one. If the wards are anything like the dungeon we just went through, I wouldn’t want the bag opened even if I were on the other side of the city.”
“Was it really that dangerous down there?”
Ryoka looked inquiringly at Ceria. The half-Elf hesitated. She didn’t want to lie, but she didn’t want to tell the truth either. Even remembering the ordeal made her shudder.
“It was—bad. Very bad.”
She didn’t press for details, but Ryoka’s expression told Ceria she would listen. And Ceria knew she had to tell her. Slowly, she began to relate the entire tale to Ryoka, skipping over only the parts that were too hard to tell her, the details of the pit.
“Near the end, I think we were all a bit insane, even after the spell had ended. We made a lot of bad mistakes, and we lost the majority of the treasure because we made a mistake.”
“It wasn’t your fault. None of you were thinking straight.”
“That’s true enough, but we should have fallen back. If we’d just taken the time…”
Again, Ceria had to make herself break off. There was no use going over the moment again and again. She turned the topic away from the past and onto the future instead. She made her tone lighter.
