3.09
Page 10
“You certainly did it dramatically. Couldn’t you have asked to see me rather than run up the stairs?”
The young woman grinned and shrugged, abashed.
“You’re a celebrity now. They were turning away everyone who wanted to talk to you. I don’t think they would have accepted my word that we were friends.”
“True.”
Ceria laughed, and the hardest part was over. She looked at Ryoka, marveling.
“Not a day’s passed since we got out of Albez, and you find us. How?”
“A friend of mine heard a rumor about some Silver-rank team that cleared a dungeon. I raced over here, and every person on the street knew where you were staying.”
“Oh? So you know what we’ve been up to?”
“A bit. Just the important details. Although to hear other people say it, you guys went into the Ruins of Albez and slaughtered every monster you saw until you found a treasure vault.”
Ryoka grinned at Ceria. The half-Elf had to laugh.
“Hardly. We were digging around in that place aimlessly for over a week! If it weren’t for the map Olesm found—dead gods, there’s so much that has happened! Did you see Pisces and Ksmvr in the common room?”
“I did. They didn’t recognize me, though. Of course, they were both drunk.”
“Even Ksmvr? I might have to go down and see that.”
“He’s still drinking. I’m not sure if the Antinium can get alcohol poisoning, but you might need to stop him.”
“They’ve got antidotes for that. I’ll go down in a bit. For now—”
There was a polite knock at the door. Ceria broke off and got up. The [Innkeeper] himself was at the door with some drinks for her and Ryoka. She took it and thanked him before sitting with Ryoka at the table again. The young woman shook her head as she eyed the stiff beverage.
“They treat you like royalty, don’t they?”
“Anything for the heroic adventurers. I haven’t felt this pampered—ever.”
Ceria sighed as she stared at her drink. She should have ordered water, not more alcohol. She paused, and looked at Ryoka. The other girl was staring at her.
“What?”
“Nothing. It’s just—you guys really did it, didn’t you?”
She looked at Ceria, something in her eyes. Ceria Springwalker shook her head, smiling, feeling something in her heart move.
“It wasn’t nearly as easy as the rumors make it out to be. We nearly died several times. Yvlon is getting bits of metal cut out of her arm as we speak. We’re not even sure if we can remove the armor without damaging her arm…”
“But you did it.”
“Yes. We did.”
How she wished. How she wished she could have said that to Ryoka at another time, in another place. In an inn in Liscor, laughing with delight as the other adventurers celebrated down below. But that moment would never come.
And yet, she knew that Ryoka was thinking the same thing. Seized by a sudden impulse, Ceria grabbed her mug. She lifted it.
“To the old Horns of Hammerad. We did it.”
“You did.”
The two clinked mugs and then drank. Ceria gulped the strong alcohol down and then sighed.
“It doesn’t feel real. I keep pinching myself, and I still can’t believe we’re alive.”
“You’re telling me? I just heard about all this, and I’m still in shock.”
Ceria laughed lightly.
“Well, we’ve had a day. I just keep thinking I’m going to wake up in the pit again or—”
She paused, and ignored Ryoka’s inquiring look.
“Anyways, the rumors are partly true. We’re rich, we’re famous, and we got out of Albez with a load of treasure and some magical artifacts. Pisces and Ksmvr are trying to get rid of it all today, but we’re set for a long time.”
“I’m glad.”
That was all Ryoka said, but Ceria heard everything she meant in it. She nodded, and then remembered.
