3.09
Page 8
“Not I. But what if I was to tell our king of what ye do? What then?”
“Yes! Stop following the mortal like a silly pet! You stay in her belongings like a kept thing! Stop!”
 
More voices urged Ivolethe. She snarled and flew at them, but the faeries just flew around her, shouting.
 
“Yes, come away!”
“We’ll tell!”
“You went into the place of iron! Fool!”
“It was my choice! My risk! And ye hardly helped!”
 
Ivolethe roared at them, her voice lost to Ryoka as the girl leapt over a frozen log below. She pointed at the other faeries, accusing.
 
“What was that tripe ye brought to revenge me? Destroying a building? Throwing snow and ice at those fools? ‘Twas hardly an hour passed before you forswore vengeance and flew off as if naught had happened!”
 
One of the faeries laughed at Ivolethe’s anger.
 
“You went into the home of iron uninvited. You dared them and struck first. If you had died, we would have called for vengeance. But you are alive and only your pride is injured, so be content with that! And because of you, the mortal has a dire oath sworn against her, a prophecy of vengeance and blood!”
“I know.”
 
Ivolethe sighed. The faeries grew silent then; they respected oaths and vows of vengeance more than they did lives. After a while, the other faeries began to fly off. The ones around Ivolethe urged her to join them, but she just shook her head.
 
“A little longer. A little longer. What is time to we?”
“Careful, sister. Do not wait too long.”
“Teach her if you will! But there will be consequence and dire reckoning!”
“Aye.”
 
Ivolethe nodded, watching her sisters fly off. She flew lower, and whispered the words.
 
“There always is. But it will come no matter what I do or do not.”
 
Then she flew next to Ryoka and had fun creating patches of ice to trip the girl up.
 
—-
 
Ceria Springwalker was not a half-Elf for whom socializing came to naturally. She could not be a social butterfly, or social squirrel, or social anything, really. She had friends, and she could enjoy a night at a bar or one of the parties in Wistram easily enough, but she’d grown up solitary, and gotten used to being alone once she’d left her home.
Most half-Elves were like that. And so while Ceria was perfectly content to have people fawn over her and buy her drinks (or have her buy the bar a round of drinks), she eventually had to retire from the crowds and go to her room in the inn.
Below, she could hear the party still going on. Pisces and Ksmvr were busy entertaining the mass of people crowding the tables below, and she knew they had to be drinking heavily even now. Pisces could put away a surprising amount of liquor despite his thin frame, and Ksmvr seemed to be almost immune to the stuff.
The world swam in a not-unpleasant way as Ceria lay on her bed and grinned. Some people would say that drinking before the sun had even set—in the winter, no less—was unacceptable. But those people hadn’t just cleared an ancient dungeon and come back with treasure, now had they?
It had probably been a bad idea to drink the last two…three mugs, though. Ceria was just contemplating a nap when she heard a commotion on the stairs. She sat up warily, and her eyes flicked to the door. She had no gold on her—rather, she and the other Horns of Hammerad had a letter of accreditation magically sealed, allowing her to draw the coin she needed from the Merchant’s Guild if need be. It was useless to thieves, but they didn’t know that and already twice the bouncers at the inn had caught people trying to break into their rooms.
