3.09
Page 4
I hold out a hand to shake his, and then pause. Fals looks down and sees my two missing fingers from my right hand. His face freezes—and then he clasps my hand gently as if nothing’s the matter.
“Bad run?”
“Yes.”
It’s strange how I don’t have to explain it to him. Fals nods at me, face growing serious.
“I’d wondered where you went. I heard you were at Liscor from Valceif when he came back this way—then nothing. Did you finish the delivery?”
“I did. Traded two fingers for it.”
“But you did it. A good Runner never falters, and I’ve never seen you even hesitate.”
The compliment makes me feel better, even though I didn’t know I’d been feeling bad. I nod at him, and he smiles slightly in return.
It’s so strange. The last time we spoke I still hated everything about him. But now we’re—okay. I look closer at Fals and see that he’s changed a bit as well. He looks tired, and maybe not as happy as before.
“How have you been? Are you here on a delivery?”
“I was. Had to drag over a freshly-made sword for some Silver-rank adventurer in the city. It was a pain to track her down, but it was good coin. I was going to stop by the Guild, but apparently you had something to do with it being closed?”
I blush.
“Oh. That—”
“Don’t worry about it. One of the Guild workers filled me in.”
Fals shivers a bit as the wind blows harder. He stares at my t-shirt and bare feet.
“Dead gods, you’re making me cold just looking at you. Is that part of your friendship with the…Winter Sprites?”
“This? No, this is a potion.”
“Oh.”
I feel Ivolethe rustling around in my pouch. She’s paying more attention now that Fals is talking about her.
“Are they going to press charges after all, do you think?”
Fals shook his head.
“No; everyone knows how stupid it is to mess with the Winter Sprites. Besides, ah, there’s some concern about what would happen if they did charge you. At the moment you’re banned from the guild in Celum, which isn’t saying much.”
“Huh.”
I feel the pouch at my belt open. Fals blinks as Ivolethe flies up. She lands on my head, grinning at me and him.
 
“Who’s the shivering mortal, Ryoka? A lover of yours? Or just a prat?”
 
“Shut it, Ivolethe.”
“Ivolethe? Is that the Frost Faerie?”
Fals squints at a point just to the left of my head. I’m intrigued—even when she’s sitting, Ivolethe’s glamor works.
“Yup.”
“All I see is a blur.”
Gingerly, Fals nods his head towards Ivolethe, staring to the right of her.
“I’m pleased to meet you, Miss Ivolethe.”
 
“Hah! A mortal with manners! Too bad ye can’t hear me, eh?”
 
Ivolethe laughs and flicks a bit of snow at Fals. He splutters and wipes away the snow with a grin.
“Not fond of anyone but you, are they?”
“Sorry about that.”
I flick Ivolethe off my head, making her shout in outrage. She hits me on the head with an icy pebble before retreating into my pouch. I grimace as Fals chuckles. He stops when I glare at him.
“You seem like you get along with her. I wish I could hear what she says—I assume she speaks?”
I nod.
“If we go indoors you’ll be able to see and hear her. And believe me, you’ll wish you couldn’t.”
“Well, as much as I’d like to, that’s dangerous for her, isn’t it?”
Too dangerous, especially for an immortal. I can’t believe Ivolethe would take the risk, but again, she goes all in. Death might matter to her, but she’d risk it for a friend without a second thought.
Fals notices my expression and grows serious again. He clears his throat as he shifts his weight from one leg to another.
“I’m sorry about Persua, Ryoka. I’m not saying thrashing her was the right thing to do, but I know what she can be like.”
