3.10
Page 6
“I’ll keep the backpack and the other pouch separate, then. Have it all ready before I get back; I need to go and that stupid maid isn’t going to wait.”
“We can do that.”
Yvlon speaks, looking at the others for confirmation. I meet her eyes; should I say anything? We didn’t even say hello, and suddenly we’re doing this. I still remember punching her—
“Ryoka, are you sure about this? You don’t have to go if you’re not sure.”
I tear my eyes away and look at Ceria.
“I think I have to. If I don’t, there will be trouble.”
Now that I know how big a fish Magnolia Reinhart is, I have no desire to push her. Pisces nods.
“It would be best if Miss Ryoka went with the servants without a fuss. We are only fortunate that the fools down below were not completely insensible to reason, or else we all might be in a serious predicament.”
We all stare at him. Pisces still reeks of booze, but he doesn’t look nearly as unsteady as he was a few seconds ago. Ceria gapes at him.
“Wait. You did that on purpose, didn’t you?”
He sneers. Of course. I nod at him, and turn to the door.
“Get everything you need to give me. I’ll be back—”
“Where are you going?”
Ceria looks worried. I turn.
“Runner’s Guild.”
“What?”
No time to answer. I rush down the stairs, nearly trampling the innkeeper who’s trying to listen at the door, and push out of the crowd. I get one glimpse at the coach—surrounded by a crowd of people who don’t quite dare to get any closer—and then I’m running full-tilt down the icy street. Damn. My feet are cold. At least I have one of Erin’s jars of Corusdeer soup. I should have gotten more.
As I run I fumble at my belt. I call out, ignoring the looks I’m getting as I run down the street towards the Guild.
“Ivolethe. You’re going to have to get out.”
The faerie flies from my pouch and up to my head.
 
“You go to meet this woman? The others seem truly fearful of her name; it betokens much of her, does it not?”
 
“It does. And you—you’ve got to stay away from her. You can’t go in her house. Magnolia’s extremely dangerous.”
Is she? I’ve never figured out how dangerous she is, but I know that she’s smart and she employs [Assassins] and she’s rich. I’m going with maximum paranoia to be on the safe side, and at the top of my list is not getting Ivolethe in the same position as she was with Persua.
 
“I will follow ye.”
 
Ivolethe agrees readily, which makes me feel relieved. But then she flies closer to my face.
 
“Know this, Ryoka. I am your friend, but in matters of life and death, I must not interfere. We have broken the rule twice; but we had cause and sacrifice, you understand? It must not, will not happen thrice. Remember that.”
 
“I understand.”
I’m on my own. Ivolethe nods, and flies up. She lets me run on until I get to the Runner’s Guild. How much time has passed? Only three minutes? Five?
I slam the doors open and rush up to the front desk. I thrust aside a female Runner, ignoring her shout of anger and point at the [Receptionist]. He blinks at me.
“Get me…every delivery you have for Invrisil.”
“What?”
Everyone says that word. Why? It just wastes time. I pant as I clarify my statement in as few words as possible.
“I’m about to go directly to Invrisil. Today. If you have a multi-part delivery…Courier deliveries…anything. I want it.”
Multi-part deliveries are like Courier deliveries, only the people sending the packages can’t pay the exorbitant amounts demanded by Couriers. So they hire City Runners to take the delivery as far as they can go, and then another Runner will complete the request. It’s a useful relay system, although it still costs a lot.
