3.10
Page 10
I could…sit here. I guess. The inside of the carriage is very spacious and I can stretch out my legs. There’s plenty of room, and even a small table in the center. There’s something covered by dark blue cloth on it. I wonder what it is? Yeah, I could be a peaceful guest and let this [Butler] and [Maid] take me to Magnolia like a good little girl.
Or—
The dark upholstery of the carriage is almost sinfully comfortable. I sink into it, and then twist. Ressa’s eyes turn as I prop my legs up on my side of the carriage and put my bare (and dirty) feet on the lovely padding. I cross my arms as I sit with my back to one wall of the carriage and stare at her. She looks pointedly at my feet but I don’t move them.
“So. You did it. You got me here, and now you’re delivering me to Magnolia. Well done, you.”
No response. Ressa stares at me for another second and then goes back to staring out of the window. I sigh, loudly and as obnoxiously as possible.
“So what does Magnolia want from me? More juice? Something else? Or does she just want to chat?”
Silence. I edge a bit lower in my seat, so I’m nearly lying down.
“You know, it’s odd that she sent you to pick me up. Aren’t you the most important servant? The demi-head honcho? Isn’t it demeaning to have to come all this way?”
No response. But I’m pretty sure I’m getting to her. And let’s be fair, among my few talents, I do have one skill which I’m unrivaled at: pissing off people*.
*I might not be a world champion or anything, but I’m probably at least a state or national champion when it comes to authority figures. It’s not just being a jerk or stupid; you have to be willfully annoying. It’s an art and I’m a connoisseur.
“So what does she want? Can you give me a preview? A hint? Or is it meant to be a surprise?”
Ressa looks over at me with clear annoyance. She seems to consider a range of options, and then indicates the table with the covered cloth.
“Lady Reinhart has sent provisions in case you are hungry. Please avail yourself.”
Translated, what she really means is ‘eat something and shut up’. I pull back the cloth and find a rather impressive spread of food. Cheese, meats—even wine! I’m tempted, but I’d be an idiot if I actually had some.
Right? I’m tempted, but I wonder if it’s spiked with something to make me more truthful. Then again, couldn’t Magnolia just have her servants restrain me and pour the truth serum down my throat if she wanted?
Even so, I’m not hungry and I’d rather just annoy Ressa.
“Any idea how long this trip is going to take?”
No response. I smile a bit; I’m enjoying this.
“No? What about games? It’s sort of boring just sitting here. Do you have anything fun to do?”
Ressa’s eye is twitching again. I grin wider. She looks up, and speaks briefly.
“Would you like me to hit you?”
I…pause. My instinct is to goad her, but Ressa’s eyes are very serious. And as I’ve noted, she’s not exactly one to shy away even when outnumbered. I could probably beat her in a fight—but why would Magnolia send her by herself if she was incapable of defending herself or subduing me?
As all that flashes through my head I remain quiet. Ressa holds my gaze for one more second and then nods.
“In that case, be silent.”
And then she goes back to staring out the window.
Well.
Um.
I don’t think I’ve ever been—
Huh.
