3.10
Page 12
My words are snatched away by the wind, but Reynold hears them. The [Butler] glances at me and I shake my head. The faerie hears me too; she flies closer and speaks in a little voice audible even over the howling winds.
 
“Look, Ryoka! Look! This is what you need to see!”
 
“What?”
The faerie flies closer, next to me and points. She laughs as a flurry of snow engulfs her and then flies out of it, trailing vapor, a blue spark of color amidst the gale.
 
“The wind! Can ye see it? The wind blows! We run with it!”
 
She flies out, skimming across the land in front of us. She darts up and around, catching a current moving so fast that it speeds her past the carriage. Then she’s zooming behind us, flying up, low, around, like azure lightning.
I follow her, entranced, seeing her shape, the sole constant in a world lost to the blur. And as she flies about, following some unseen path, I glimpse something. It’s faint; it’s like a trail in the air itself. It doesn’t have color; rather, it’s like a ripple, just like heat makes the air shimmer across the ground. I see it flex ahead of Ivolethe and accordingly she flies up and down and then spins away.
“I see it!”
Reynold jumps in his seat as I half-stand and scream at Ivolethe. She does a double-take in the air and flies towards me.
 
“Truly!”
 
“Yes! I see—”
I hesitate. The trail is gone. I squint at where it was, and then look at Ivolethe.
“It was there. I’m sure of it.”
The small faerie grins at me, delighted.
 
“I believe ye. This is the first step. If you saw that then—”
 
“You think I can do it again?”
“Miss?”
A voice interrupts Ivolethe’s reply. I look over and see Reynold staring at me, eyes wide.
“What?”
“Are you, ah, speaking to me?”
“What? No. Of course not. I’m speaking to—”
I pause and stare at Ivolethe. I glance back at Reynold and realize that he can’t see the Frost Faerie, or if he can, she’s only a faint blur. Ah.
“Um. I’m speaking to myself. Don’t mind me.”
“Yes, Miss.”
Slowly, I sit back down. Ivolethe grins at me.
 
“Are ye scaring the poor mortal?”
 
“Probably.”
I glance over at Reynold. He’s hunching over in his seat, pretending he can’t hear me. His [Butler]’s façade is a bit ragged as he studiously ignores my one-sided conversation, at least from his perspective.
Ivolethe shrugs, as if she couldn’t care less about Reynold. Which is probably true. She points to the whirling scenery and grins.
 
“Yon contraption is quite a thing! It moves almost as fast as ye did when you drank the magic brew.”
 
“When? Oh, you mean in the castle. Do you think I could ever learn to run this fast?”
The faerie considers this and shrugs as she props her chin on her hand. She sits on the air next to me.
 
“Perhaps. But not at first. I can sense the magic in this thing; it is rough, but there is an art to it. Does the lady who sends her servants to you have much wealth like this?”
 
“A lot. I don’t know how much, but she’s one of the wealthiest and most powerful individuals on the continent.”
That makes me worried again, but having Ivolethe around dispels a lot of my fears. The faerie nods seriously.
 
“Then perhaps a bit of respect is in order. The lords and ladies of the land were always touchy and prideful, even to the King of Knights.”
 
“King Arthur?”
 
“Aye.”
 
Ivolethe smiles and points. I turn my head and see Reynold is actually edging away from me on the front of the carriage. That makes me smile too. I wonder if I should explain to him what’s going on—but nah.
The faerie pauses as she seems to glance at the horizon ahead of us. She frowns at me.
 
