3.10
Page 5
“Ksmvr—stand down. No one is going to hurt her, and certainly not kill her.”
“Ah. My mistake.”
Ksmvr nodded apologetically and stepped back. Ressa turned back to Ryoka. Ceria tried to quiet her beating heart. Try again?
“Can we talk about this? If Ryoka doesn’t want to leave—”
“Fine. I’ll go.”
Ceria turned in astonishment. Ryoka sighed and stepped forwards. Ressa regarded her with what looked like surprise as well.
“Ryoka?”
The Runner shrugged at Ceria, looking resigned.
“I’ve got no choice. I knew this was coming. Ceria, I’ve got to go.”
“But—”
The look in Ryoka’s eyes told her not to ask any more questions. Ceria glanced around and remembered her audience. She held Ryoka’s gaze.
“You’re sure?”
“Pretty much.”
Ryoka turned and glared at Ressa.
“Where is Magnolia now?”
“Invrisil. You will be taken to her estate which lies next to the city.”
The name of the city made Ryoka and Ceria blink. She saw Ryoka turn and look back at her, and then her friend turned back to Ressa.
“Okay. I’ll go. But on one condition. Give me fifteen minutes to prepare before we leave.”
The maid seemed to think this over. She looked sharply at Ryoka.
“Running will do you no good.”
“I know.”
The two locked gazes for one more second. Then Ressa’s head dipped almost imperceptibly.
“I will wait for you in the carriage. Do not force me to retrieve you.”
Without another word, she turned and walked out of the inn. Ceria stared at her back in shock, and then saw the door to the carriage open. Ryoka sighed softly, and looked at her.
“You’ll have to tell Erin.”
Then the chaos began and Ceria could only try and keep up.
 
—-
 
Holy crap, this is it. Either I’m dead or I’m going to be interrogated and tortured horribly before I die. Or maybe I survive, but I’m not placing my bets on a happy ending.
The instant Ressa walks out the door it’s all go. I turn and drag Ceria upstairs; too slowly, because people are already crowding around me and the other Horns of Hammerad, asking questions and shouting, speculating.
“Out of the way!”
I shout at them as I push for the stairs. Ceria seems to get what I’m trying to do and helps me push.
“Move aside! We have to hurry!”
They don’t want to let us go. People are pulling at me, asking me how I know Magnolia Reinhart, what my business is with her. I want to punch them but I don’t have time for a brawl—
“[Frozen Wind].”
Someone whispers the spell. I hear shrieks, and then feel the cold air blow past me, freezing me in an instant. Pisces lowers his hands as the crowd suddenly backs up. The spell he cast wasn’t deadly, but damn, it looks painful. He pushes both of us up the stairs and Yvlon and Ksmvr are behind us in a flash.
“In here.”
I push into Ceria’s room and take a breath. She looks at me, wide-eyed and bursting with questions, but I know I can’t answer any of them right now. I don’t even know if I should. I can’t drag her into this. God, what is Magnolia going to ask me?
“Ryoka, what—”
“Fifteen minutes. Probably more like ten.”
I cut her off as I snap. I pace around the room, already trying to figure out the fastest way through the streets.
“Figure out how much gold you need to give me, and get all those damaged artifacts and whatever else you want me to get analyzed. I’ll take it—I’ve got a bag of holding of my own.”
“You do?”
I touch the bag Teriarch gave me at my side.
“It should fit everything. Can you put a bag of holding in a bag of holding?”
“Do not attempt that.”
Pisces stares at me intently as he stands against one wall. Ksmvr and Yvlon are just staring as Ceria sits on her bed. I nod at him.
