3.10
Page 13
“There is much moving in the world this time. Much happens even as ye ride about.”
 
“Oh? Like what?”
 
“Like the children. They are marching.”
 
“The…children? Who?”
 
“The youngest. The ones with small ears and crimson eyes. They burnt a city, did they not? And they fight amongst themselves. They are moving about in the snow.”
 
She means Goblins. The children? The youngest? I frown at Ivolethe, but decide to pursue their movements before I ask about the other bit.
“What do you mean they’re moving? Moving where?”
 
“Everywhere. They run about in their hundreds, coming north from south. A vast army sits below the pass—you have seen them once.”
 
The Goblin Lord. I shiver. Ivolethe nods, and then points ahead of us.
 
“But another army—smaller, but thousands strong—lies ahead. They march north as well. Fleeing their own kind.”
 
“What? Where?”
I sit up in the carriage, heart pounding. Ivolethe nods at Reynold.
 
“Yon clueless fool is about to drive you straight into the center of them.”
 
For a second I just stare at Ivolethe in horror. She grins at me, exposing a mouth full of sharp teeth. Then she flies up and away.
Instantly, I turn in my seat.
“Driver, turn the coach around!”
Reynold stares at me. He looks around, and then points to himself.
“D-do you mean me, Miss—?”
“Stop the carriage! We’re about to run into Goblins!”
“Goblins?”
He just stares at me incredulously. I see a large hill approaching, and curse. I reach for the reins. Instinctively Reynold pulls away.
“Please don’t, Miss Ryoka. I can’t let you—”
“What is going on?”
Then a panel slides open behind us. I see Ressa’s impatient glare as she looks at us. There’s no time to explain. I try to grab the reins. Reynold pulls away, Ressa shouts. The carriage swerves as we crest the hill—
And then there are Goblins. They march in a vast column across the valley in the snow, trampling slush into mud as they walk a hundred abreast. I see Hobs, dragging weapons in the snow, massive, dwarfing the smaller Goblins that run before them.
Children, what look like pregnant mothers and of course, warriors walk in some semblance of order, carrying packs, lugging improvised sleds—some are even herding horses, mules and other pack animals! It’s the most hodge-podge collection of equipment I’ve ever seen. And at the head of that group is a detachment of Carn Wolves. Ridden by Goblins.
My heart stops. The sudden surge of fear and panic makes the world slow as the carriage shoots over the hill and directly into the mass of the Goblins. I turn my head and see Reynold frantically pull the reins left. The carriage immediately turns, but it’s too late.
Goblins, hearing the sound of the carriage and the shower of snow, turn and cry out as we speed past the column. I hear their high-pitched screams, and then horn calls.
Instantly, the group of wolf riders at the head of the column turns. They run towards us and I shout.
“Take us away!”
Reynold desperately pulls, and the carriage turns. But although we’re already speeding away, the Goblins are everywhere. And this particular bunch is smart, because the wolf riders are already running to cut us off. We must have passed some scouts because they come from behind us, trying to run us down.
I see a tall Hobgoblin on a Carn Wolf running at us, shouting as more riders run with him. The main column of Goblins is in panic—warriors are surging towards us en masse as the children and other Goblins try to run back.
“What should we do?”
Reynold shouts in fear as the wolves box us in. He’s trying to pull us away, but the wolves are everywhere.
“Go through them!”
