3.10
Page 7
The man at the desk spreads his hands as I try to calculate how much the carriage can carry.
“I’m sorry Miss…Ryoka, is it? I can’t just—”
I grab him and drag him over the desk. He yelps, and I growl at him.
“I don’t have time for this. Give me the deliveries.”
Ten minutes later, I’m rushing back down the street. Turns out even a [Receptionist] can run fast when you’re literally kicking him around. I have a bundle of deliveries in my hand and more in my pack—some are damn heavy. Two more Runners are racing after me, carrying more things bound for Invrisil. I couldn’t take everything, but I got a huge amount.
Ressa stares at me as I fling open the carriage door and start shoving packages inside. Her intimidating glare* doesn’t stop me from piling the rich seat next to her with deliveries. I’m secretly enjoying every second of this, but I keep my face straight.
*Yeah, I’ll admit it, she scares me a bit. She’s like a perfect Victorian maid if you secretly suspected that they could kill you with their bare hands.
“Sorry, you’re going to have to budge over. I’ve got some really big stuff to take as well.”
“What are you doing?”
“Deliveries. I’m a Runner.”
I slam the door in Ressa’s face before she can respond and turn to the panting Runners behind me. They’re breathing hard from that little run? Disgraceful.
“Okay, load the rest of the deliveries into the coach.”
Is it a coach or carriage? Wait, they’re both the same thing, aren’t they? My mind’s running too fast to focus on anything. I point to the vehicle, ignoring the hesitation on the faces of the Runners.
“Go on.”
“Are you sure?”
The female Runner looks hesitant. Understandable I guess; this definitely doesn’t look like a bulk transport. I nod.
“Get it on there. Hurry up!”
The voice of command is a wonderful thing. They get to work, and I look around and see if I can spot Ceria and the others. I wonder if Ressa will snap when I bring all of their gear as well.
God. This is the stupidest thing I’ve ever done, and I’ve got a list. But it makes sense! I’m getting a free ride to Invrisil, or rather I don’t have any choice, so I might as well milk it for all I’ve got. I’ll get paid, I can help my friends out—
The Runners are hesitating as they open the door and find Ressa glaring at them. I think they’d be more comfortable with a snake in the carriage. I certainly would be.
“Well? Go on; toss it in. Ignore the [Maid].”
I’m playing a dangerous game here. I’ll probably end in me getting my ass handed to me, but I don’t care. If Ressa thinks she can push me around—
Well, she’s right, but I’m getting my revenge this way. I gesture at the Runners, and hear a cough behind me.
“Miss? There is a trunk, as well as space above.”
I turn and see the [Butler]. Honestly, I’d put him completely out of my mind. But now that I look at him and his dapper suit—I sort of want to deck him as well as Ressa. He reminds me too much of my folks’ home. True, they didn’t have servants, but…
Actually, we did, didn’t we? I mean, it wasn’t as if we had our own butlers and so on, but gardeners, pool people, personal masseuses and so on—that’s a lot of people at your beck and call.
Damn it, mom and dad.
Anyways, what was he saying? A trunk?
“Where?”
He points. My eyes find a subtly disguised trunk on the back of the big carriage.
Holy crap, there is! Do all carriages have trunks? Well…obviously. I haven’t ridden in any before now, in my defense. And can it fit all the deliveries? I open it and peer inside. Wow. It can!
