3.11 E
Page 4
“What is it?”
“I…found the parent, Laken. It—she? She’s dead.”
Durene comes back, holding a dead bird in her hands. I blink as it comes into my zone and I register the size of the bird. It’s almost a third as tall as I am!
“That’s no sparrow.”
“No.”
Half-troll she might be, but Durene has a heart that weeps for everything. She sounds upset as she tells me how it died.
“It must have died of the cold. See here—oh, sorry Laken. It was fighting something, but it got hurt bad. It was bleeding, and it must have lost all its warmth when it got cold.”
“I get it.”
I sigh as Durene and I pause, unexpectedly sad over the death of this bird. I’m about to ask if we should bury it, when I sense Durene plucking feathers off the corpse.
“…What are you doing?”
“Oh—I thought we could eat it later. It’s still cold and nothing’s been chewing on it, so—”
Oh. Ah. Hm. Well, I’ve heard of people eating road kill, and at least the bird was well-preserved. Maybe I’ll let Durene have it, although I could use some meat myself…
“Okay, let’s put that aside for now. What about the nest? You say there are bones here, right? Little ones?”
“That’s right. They’re very small, but…I don’t know how any predator would have eaten the others and left the chick you found alive.”
“No, it wouldn’t do that.”
My mind jumps to an unfortunate conclusion. I bent down and touch at the bones with one gloveless hand. Yup. They’re picked clean.
“A predator didn’t kill the other babies. The chick did. It ate its brothers and sisters to survive.”
An unhappy sound. Durene didn’t want to come to that conclusion, but it’s the only one that makes sense. I straighten and sigh.
“Nature at its best. But I think I have a good idea who this mystery bird is. It’s an eagle, isn’t it?”
“I think so. It could be a hawk—I’m not a [Hunter] so I can’t tell the difference. But it looks like one of the birds that sometimes tries to swoop down and carry off a lamb, baby piglets, and so on.”
“Carry off lambs? Seriously?”
I’d heard stories of eagles trying to carry off kids, but I thought that was just a popular myth. But Durene sounds serious.
“Oh yes. [Herders] and [Farmers] have to be careful. An eagle can swoop down and fly away with a lamb in seconds if they don’t keep an eye out. Normally we try to get people with bows to shoot the eagle first, but it’s hard unless someone’s got a high level.”
“Well, this baby eagle—I think they’re called eaglets, actually—isn’t going to be carrying off anything anytime soon. I think now’s the moment when we make a choice, Durene.”
“About what?”
She sounds apprehensive. I make a rueful expression, or what I’ve been told is rueful.
“About whether we keep it or not.”
“Do you mean—we’d throw it out in the cold?”
She sounds horrified. I guess I’ve got my answer. We walk back to her cottage. Durene pauses to bury the dead bird in the snow rather than bring it inside and show the chick.
“I’m just thinking about the problems. A baby eagle needs attention, food—the attention bit’s not so hard, but I’m pretty sure it only eats meat.”
“Oh.”
“Oh indeed.”
Here’s why this is a problem in this world. In mine, the biggest obstacle would be getting a permit to raise a baby eagle—they’re considered illegal to own in the United States, and I suspect other countries wouldn’t be too hot on them as a pet either. Housing would be another problem I guess, and training—
But here, meat is the issue. There’s not exactly a supermarket around here, and Durene’s not rich. I am, but Riverfarm isn’t, so I don’t know how far the gold coins I dug up would go down there anyways.
