3.11 E
Page 15
That’s what worries me. But I have no time to reflect on my actions. I go down the line of faeries. A Comtesse, several Ladies, a Duchess and a Viscount—I dub a score of them Blumenritter, and make one a Baron. I asked her if she wanted to be a Baroness, but she preferred Baron.
And then it’s over. I breathe out and feel the assembled peerage of my empire flying before me. I bow to them regally, and hear them laugh in delight. The sound warms my heart even in this chill, but I am still afraid.
“So now will you tell me what fate waits for my empire?”
The faeries pause.
 
“We cannot say.”
 
Really? After all this? I only cross my arms and frown. The faeries hurry on.
 
“We cannot! It is a secret and not our place to tell. But since ye have given us an Emperor’s gift, we shall return your kindness. I swear to you, oh mortal ruler, this fate shall not befall your land or your people.”
 
Is that a good thing or a bad thing? No—it’s good. And I know better than to question it. Instead, I nod my head regally.
“My thanks to you. You and your kind are welcome in my land. Know this.”
 
“Aye, and we shall treasure your gifts to us, mortal!”
“You shall be safe, we promise!”
“You aren’t bad—for an Emperor!”
 
The faeries cry out as they laugh and fly away from me. I listen to them go, worried and relieved and happy in turns. Faeries. My god.
Durene finds me sitting in the snow, about an hour later. I hear her exclaim and then come running over.
“Laken! What’s wrong? Why are you out here? You’re so cold!”
I just laugh at her, which makes her even more confused and upset. I let her carry me inside and fuss over me. I barely know where to begin. How can I even explain what happened? I do my best, but she can hardly believe me herself. But there is one thing I now know, with dreadful certainty.
“Something bad is about to happen, Durene.”
It might avoid us, according to the faeries. But I cannot help but wonder and worry. It may be mortal folly, but I am mortal. And I worry. But that is only half of me. The other half wonders and dreams of magic.
I saw faeries.
 
[Emperor Level 7!]
 
Day 41
 
Three days later it happened. I was just waking up, in that blissful moment between waking and sleeping. I was about to feed Frostwing some cold meat when I heard a roar like thunder. But unlike thunder, the sound did not diminish. Rather, it grew louder.
“Durene!”
Maybe I was expecting it. But the reality of the ground shaking around me and Durene’s pottery clattering and breaking on the shelves is far more horrific than anything I could have dreamed. I hear Frostwing screeching, and Durene shouting for me.
We meet in the center of the cottage as the rumbling oblivion of noise crescendos around us. It feels like the world is ending, and all I can do is hold Durene to me. I feel her squeezing me hard, and close my eyes.
And then, as quick as the terror has begun, it’s over. I open my eyes slowly, for the first time in ages. Of course I see nothing, but I do it all the same. It feels like I should see something, for the world has changed.
I know it, even if the cottage and the area around it that I can sense is the same. Durene is quivering in my arms. As she holds me and I hold her, I can hear Frostwing shrieking in alarm. At last I manage to let go of Durene and stagger up to her.
“Frostwing. Are you…?”
She’s alright. Just scared out of her wits. I check her with my hands just to be sure. They’re shaking. Then I hear Durene gasp.
“Durene. What is it?”
“The—the—”
She can’t even speak. I rush to her side, and feel her at the open door. But I can’t sense anything.
