3.11 E
Page 11
Credit to him, the other man’s voice sounds only slightly strangled as he replies.
“That’s—very generous of you, sir.”
I shrug, slightly.
“I have a bit of money saved up, and mouths to feed. And I’d like to repay Durene back for all the help she’s been to me. You understand that, don’t you?”
“I do indeed, sir. Well then, if you’re sure I’d happily accept.”
I hold out a hand, and Prost takes it and gives me a firm shake. His hand is callused and cold. Somehow rougher than Durene’s, even though she has harder skin.
“Give me one second to get the coin.”
I love my Skill. Instead of having to search around desperately for the bag of coins and money, I find it in an instant. Durene hid it behind a sack, as if there were thieves lurking around the cottage. Then again, I suppose it would have been bad if Prost had entered the cottage and seen the bag lying around.
I take two gold coins out and come back to Prost in less than ten seconds.
“You’re awfully fast for a blind man, if you don’t mind my saying so, Mister Laken.”
“Blind doesn’t mean slow, Mister Prost.”
“Of course not.”
I give him the heavy coins and he promises to bring some food the next day. I have the distinct feeling he’s going to take as much of a cut as he can before paying the other villagers, but that’s pretty much why I made the offer in the first place. And if it means food—all the better.
Trade negotiations for the Empire of Laken or perhaps the Blind Empire have been concluded. All that’s left is to wait for Durene and give her the good news. She’s astounded of course, and a bit worried.
“Isn’t spending that much money—”
“Please, Durene. I found this bag by accident and there’s a hundred times what I just spent in here, easily. If it means we can feed this greedy sack of feathers, I’m all for it.”
I poke at Frostwing again, noting that she still does not, in fact, have feathers. Durene makes a noise which could be in agreement.
“How do you think I did in bargaining with Prost, though? Did I pay him too much?”
Durene thinks about this for a second.
“A gold coin? That’s…fair? A big, big basket full of meat and food would probably be a gold coin. Two is expensive, but it is winter.”
“And it’s enough to provide for another mouth and us comfortably throughout the winter. The villagers are happy, and so are we.”
Durene nods, or at least, I feel her do something as I sit next to her, sharing the blanket.
“It’s just—that’s a lot of money, Laken. I’ve never even seen more than three gold coins at once, and that’s how much the [Merchant] that visited had.”
Three gold coins? That makes me smile, but sadly. I have a bag full of wealth beyond Durene’s imagination. And I? I have no sense of what it means to her. In a very real way, I don’t deserve it. But I will try to treat it seriously. After all, if I wasted the gift I was given, that would be even worse than not getting it at all.
“I think two gold coins is fine, Durene. We could use the food, and this way we’ll be able to eat more than just pottage every night. Moreover, it pays to be a bit generous, but not too much. Especially if they start asking how much money I have.”
Not that I think they’d risk Durene’s wrath. But the image of the angry mob haunts the back of my mind, and I think, Durene’s. Conversation sort of trails off after that, but I can’t help but feel it was a decent day’s work. Maybe Prost won’t change, but at the very least, I can pay him to feed us. That’s got to be worth something.
 
[Emperor Level 6!]
[Skill – Intimidating Glare obtained!]
 
“You have got to be kidding me.”
“Hmm…? Laken?”
