3.11 E
Page 10
“It’s hard to look at her and not be afraid, Mister Laken. Maybe if I had the courage to close my eyes I’d think differently when I spoke to her. But it’s hard to get past.”
“Hard, but necessary.”
“There’s some truth to what you say, sir. I know Durene and she’d never hurt a fly. Maybe—”
Maybe. Just maybe you’ve been wrong. I wait for more, but that’s it.
“Well, I’ll give it some thought and let the others know what you’ve said. That’s all I can say, sir.”
“I’d appreciate that. And I will say that if one more person hints at Durene being not good enough or I hear that she’s a freak, I’ll start throwing things. And believe me, I have pretty good aim even if I can’t see.”
I could probably nail him with a snowball, at least around Durene’s cottage. But I won’t. He came here to talk to me about Durene, and I said my bit and he said his. If he changes, all for the better.
But Prost isn’t quite done. He stands there for a while longer, and I have the distinct feeling he’s looking me up and down. When he speaks next, he has that same odd note of respect in his voice. Why?
“You seem…taller, Mister Laken. Better than before, if you don’t mind me saying so.”
“Not at all. I’m glad I seem so healthy to you.”
Taller? What does he mean? But it’s clear Prost means more than just height. He’s about to leave when I hear Frostwing kicking up a fuss inside the cottage. Maybe she’s finally caught Prost’s scent, or she’s hungry again.
“What’s that sound?”
I shrug as Prost begins to sound nervous again.
“Oh, that? That’s a baby eagle I’m raising.”
“A baby—”
He chokes on the words.
“You’re just full of surprises, aren’t you Mister Laken? Where’d you find a baby eagle?”
“In the snow, just like everyone else.”
“And you’re going to raise it?”
“If I can keep trapping animals. Eagles only eat meat, which is sort of tough for me and Durene.”
I have a sudden thought.
“Say, Mister Prost, would you consider selling me some food? I’d be willing to pay you a good price for anything you can spare out of your larder.”
Prost sounds vaguely surprised at my offer. I guess he really only came up here to chat.
“Food, sir? I don’t know. It’s awfully dear at this time of year, and the harvest was good, but not so much that I’d want to let anything go for cheap.”
“How would a gold coin sound?”
An intake of breath. I wait patiently, face straight. Yes, I have quite a lot of money, don’t I? I’d nearly forgotten with Frostwing, but hey, if you’ve got it, why not spend it? And it’s not like I can eat gold.
Prost murmurs to himself in surprise. He seems to take for granted the fact that I have a gold coin—from what Durene says every family might have one gold coin’s worth in savings, but probably not more than that unless they work a more profitable job. It’s more hand-to-mouth around here.
“A gold coin? I’m not sure we can spare…”
“What about the other villagers? I don’t need much, but I’d like more eggs than Durene’s chickens provide, and I’d love to have enough meat to go round.”
“The villagers might ah, go for that. But a gold coin—at this time of year—well, I’d have to think about it.”
I nod seriously, as if I’m considering Prost’s words carefully. Then I rub my hand over my mouth as if in serious thought.
“How does this sound, then? One gold coin—for whatever dried meat, eggs, and so on you feel you can trade. If the rest of the village will add a bit from their stock, I’ll make it two gold coins. You can take the money, Mister Prost, and change it however you feel is right. And then you can bring me whatever my money’s worth.”
