3.11 E
Page 5
“I think we should take care of him.”
Durene’s voice interrupts me. I can tell she’s practically wringing her hands, and her voice is anxious.
“If we need to, I can get meat. I could try setting a trap or hunting. And I—I have pigs!”
It’s funny how she cares more for a chick I found than the pigs she’s raised for years. Then again, she must have to force herself to look at the pigs as food. I nod as I pick up the upset little bird and it pecks at my hands.
“Okay then. Hopefully it won’t come to that.”
“Do you really think we’ll be able to raise him?”
There’s a glimmer of hope in her tone. As it so often happens, I realize that this is something Durene might have dreamed about but could never realize. A pet. It sounds so simple, but for her, it might just have been a dream.
“We can try. But I have to warn you, Durene. The chick might die no matter what we do.”
“Oh no.”
Durene already sounds heartbroken as she hovers around the bird in my hands. I find her arm with a hand and pat it gently. But I don’t give her false hope. I’m under no illusions; I don’t know how to raise birds, and this young one was born too late. Or maybe birds in this world can’t tell when winter is about to arrive thanks to those…Winter Sprites, and so they can only hope.
With those thoughts in mind, I find myself constructing a more permanent nest for the chick. And that’s with the understanding that this nest isn’t going to be reused; the chick has already pooped quite extensively in Durene’s bowl.
“It should probably be pretty big. Yes—that’s about right.”
I smile to myself as Durene fusses over the chick, holding it gently and exclaiming as it pecks at her hands.
“Does it…have a name?”
“Not yet. Would you like to name it, Durene?”
“Oh—I couldn’t. Why don’t you, Laken? You found it, anyways.”
I nod and take the chick from Durene, it struggles a bit in my grip, but I have a good hold over its growing wings. I stare down at it and think for a second. And perhaps it’s another bit of whimsy, but I decide that if I’m going to take care of this bird, I might as well do it properly.
Straightening my back, I place the chick on the new nest, and put my hand solemnly on its head. It doesn’t move about much; I make my voice deeper as I speak to Durene and the world at large.
“It’s not often that I find a baby bird lying on the ground. But since you’re here and your mother—or father—is gone, it falls to me to take care of you. You—chick.”
The little bird pecks at the bottom of my hand.
“Stop that.”
Durene giggles. I smile, and think for a moment.
“Well then, I think I’ll name you Frostwing, because that sounds quite appropriate for a bird in a fantasy world. It sounds a bit silly, but maybe you’ll grow into it. And I accept you into my small empire as one of my loyal, if noisy, subjects.”
The bird goes still for a second, and then I sense it rustling under my hand. Durene makes cooing sounds of delight.
“Aw! It’s grooming itself, Laken!”
“I’ll take that as a ‘yes’. Okay, let’s finish this nest and figure out where it’s going to sleep. I don’t want it wandering off during the night.”
“Okay!”
And there we have it. Another little addition to the cottage. I’m not sure if I regret it; little Frostwing pecks at my fingers and it eats and defecates a bit too much for my comfort. It has a very sharp, curved beak. Plus, it has a rather shrill cry that can get on the nerves—
