3.11 E
Page 13
“He does! Look! He cannot see us, only hear us!”
“He sees naught!”
“Aye, but he rules over this place nonetheless. Emperor of the Unseen!”
 
It’s both terrifying and amazing. But when they mention that title I freeze in my seat.
“How do you know I called myself that?”
It was just a joke, said to Durene in the privacy of my cottage weeks ago. The faeries laugh and I feel something colder than freezing in front of my face. Is it right in front of me? I make no move.
 
“We heard your words. How could we not? Ye claimed this land to the world and all living in it!”
 
Heard my words? How?
“Well…I suppose I’m flattered that you’re taking such notice of me. But what do faeries have to do with me?”
A tinkling laugh, like icicles breaking.
 
“We have come here to bear witness to you, of course!”
 
“Bear witness? Why?”
 
“Art thou not an [Emperor]?”
 
The faerie makes it sound as if it’s the most obvious thing in the world. And I start to get it. Faeries, kings—they’re tied together, like how the faeries blessed Briar Rose in the original tale. And they’ve come to visit me?
“I’m honored, of course. But have you come to simply see and acknowledge me, or do you have some other reason? And shouldn’t you be bowing? I am an [Emperor].”
I’m playing a dangerous and probably stupid game. But the faerie in front of me laughs again, apparently taken with my boldness.
 
“Hah! We bow to no mortal sovereign. You may claim the land, but we are far more than mere dirt and plant. Your authority has no sway over we.”
 
“And yet you acknowledge it exists.”
 
“Of course! What churls do you think we are?”
“We came to bear witness!”
“To see an Emperor of this small place!”
“And because we had nothing better to do!”
 
Well then, it sounds to me like these faeries came here because they were bored. Which means they’re capricious. Better to get on their good side. But how? I don’t know if offering them food is any good—I’d have to make some, and all of Durene’s cooking utensils are made of iron.
“Well then, in the name of the Unseen Empire, I bid you welcome. You are all honored guests, although I regret that my master chef and seneschal is out chopping wood. Please, make yourselves at home.”
The faeries seem delighted at this.
 
“Oho!”
“He is polite, this one! He knows how to treat us: with respect!”
“Not like those other fools!”
 
I wonder who they’re talking about. I sense the faeries flying lower, and inquire politely.
“Do you have any business here besides meeting me? I wouldn’t want to keep you from your duties.”
A chorus of denials greets me.
 
“Nae, we have time.”
“Until the spring comes, we are free!”
“Free to do as we please, and not follow one stupid mortal!”
“Aye! So we came here to meet you! ‘Twas worth it to be greeted with respect.”
 
Another voice chimes in, high and excited.
 
“Plus, we wanted to see ye before it was too late.”
“Shh! Don’t tell him that!”
 
“Wait, what?”
 
“Idiot!”
 
I hear a light smack and I have to guess one of the faeries hit the other. I hold Frostwing in my hands, although she’s barely moving, heart suddenly beating out of my chest. Faeries. Beings that can see and predict fate.
“There’s something bad about to happen? Please, tell me.”
 
“Well—”
“Shh! Be quiet!”
“No. Forget what you heard, mortal!”
 
The faeries flutter around me. They start arguing, and I hear a few of them saying they should tell me. But most of them are in favor of not. A few fly up, and I raise my voice desperately.
“Wait, hold on! I entreat you, please, stay and let us talk.”
A pause, and then I sense them flying close to me.
 
