3.11 E
Page 14
“Very well. For your words of hospitality, we will listen. Speak, oh Emperor, Protector of Durene’s Cottage.”
 
No time to laugh, and no time to question. I clear my throat.
“It seems to me that you…wise and noble faeries are aware of some impending danger to me and my empire that I am not aware of.”
 
“Perhaps.”
 
“Indeed, and I would never ask you to reveal a secret. But perhaps I could persuade you to help me avert the tragedy that is yet to come? Or at the very least, reveal the danger to me.”
The faeries murmur at this. I hold my breath—I’m trying to sound formal, but I have no idea how to actually talk to the fae. A bargain with them sounds like a bad idea, but this disaster—
 
“Intriguing. What do you propose, mortal?”
 
Yatzhee! I keep my face composed as I nod in what I hope is a dignified manner.
“Well, I cannot offer you land or a marriage to my house—”
 
“—Hah!”
“Shh!”
 
“—But what would you say to mortal riches? I have gold and jewels to compliment your radiance. Would you accept that?”
The faeries confer, whispering loudly.
 
“Mm…maybe.”
“Hah! He seeks to flatter us. He calls us ‘radiant’, he who cannot see!”
“Ah, but we are radiant, are we not sisters? Any mortal can tell that, even without sight.”
“True! But gold is so heavy. And it is a secret.”
 
In the end, they fly back down to me, probably shaking their tiny heads. I can only imagine.
 
“No, oh Emperor. It is not enough. Mortal wealth has little luster for us. Have you nothing else to offer?”
 
Nothing. Damn it, nothing. Only a bit of food, and I can’t feed all of them! If only I had an actual empire. But my [Emperor] title is just for show. I can only—
Wait. Emperor. Empire. What about—
I clear my throat.
“What if I gave you a noble title?”
 
“What?”
“Really?”
“Are you serious, mortal?”
 
Am I? Yes.
“Only naturally. I would offer entrance into my noble court to any friend of my kingdom. You, for instance—”
I point in the direction of the voice of the faerie that just spoke.
“For your aid, would you accept a title? That of, say, Comtesse?”
 
“Ooh! I like that!”
“What about us?”
“I want to be a Comtesse!”
“Nay, I!”
“We cannot all be Comtesses! What of the rest of us, mortal?”
 
Jeez, do I have to bribe all of them? I think quickly.
“I could make you…noblesse uterine if you wanted.”
Not exactly a flattering name. The tiny voices confer, and then dissent.
 
“Nay! Another title!”
 
“Marchioness, then? Or—how about Herzogin?”
 
“Ooh! I like that!”
“I want to be that!”
“No, me!”
 
They’re like children, squabbling over titles I just made up. And yet—maybe there’s more to it than that. It might sound funny, but I am an Emperor, and I do have the power to make the nobility.
…Still, I can’t help but feel glad that no one’s watching me as I come outside and address one of the faeries who kneels in the air in front of me.
“Very well. I dub thee Comtesse of the Soup Spoon.”
So saying, I hand her a wooden spoon. The other faeries ooh and applaud, and the faerie seizes the spoon from my hand and crows in triumph. That position was heavily sought after, but the other titles are equally as important. I turn to the next faerie.
“If you would be a Reichsgräfin in my empire—”
 
“Aye, I would!”
 
“Then I grant you that position for as long as my empire exists. To the end of time, an Emperor’s word on it.”
 
“Hah! I will hold you to your word, mortal!”
 
