3.11 E
Page 9
“Not to be interrupting you, Mister Laken, but ah, I was wondering if I could have a word with you. About Durene.”
“Another word? Well, I suppose I have no choice but to hear you out. What’s wrong with Durene this time?”
“Nothing, sir. It’s just, well, I’d like to talk, that’s all.”
Oh? Talk? I see. I let Prost go on.
“Durene’s a good…girl. But she’s only a [Farmer], and I understand you’re not. She’s said as much when she came into the village a day ago. I’d hate to think she was getting involved with someone with other duties later on, if you understand me.”
Oh? Is it now ‘you’re too good for her’? What is with these people? My smile freezes a bit on my face. But I keep silent. Wait. Wait for him to keep going and then smack him in the face.
Metaphorically, of course.
“We, ah, understand—”
Now. I jump in, my voice as smooth as I can make it. Friendly. Open. I put honest confusion into my tone.
“Do excuse me, Mister Prost. I’m afraid I’m a bit off-balance. You see, I thought you were coming here for something else.”
“Oh? What’s that, Mister Laken?”
“Well, it’s just that—and you may call me silly for thinking this—I was under the distinct impression that you were coming here to apologize.”
“Apologize…?”
“To Durene. For calling her a monster. Inhuman. A freak.”
I wish I could see his face. I can only tell the man is standing in front of me, but then I hear him shift in the snow. Uneasily.
“I, ah, regret the other day, Mister Laken. I do. But I only spoke the truth. It needed to be said. And even if Durene was—upset, it don’t change the facts. So I don’t think I need to say anything to anyone, if you understand me.”
Again I interrupt him. This time I don’t even try to keep the undertone of irritation and anger out of my voice.
“No, of course not. You’re a grown man and Durene’s only a young woman who looks up to you as an adult. Why should you apologize to her for telling the truth? Why should you feel guilty for hurting the feelings of a half-Troll? My mistake.”
Prost’s voice is rougher too, but he’s still determined to be polite. I wonder why? It’s not like I’d be able to beat him if he threw a punch. But maybe there’s more in him than just bigotry and prejudice. Maybe he knows I’m right.
“You seem to feel I should be talking to Durene, Mister Laken?”
“I would never tell a grown man what to do. But they’re so hard to find these days. No matter where I look, I can’t see any.”
Another shot, and I know it hits something. But Prost is a stubborn man, a farmer. He doesn’t roll over, he digs in and keeps going. Reasonable tone, conciliatory words. I can tell he wants me to agree with him, to give a bit. Not happening.
“Durene is—useful. Helpful. She cares, I know that Mister Laken. And we’re lucky to have her around some times. But she’s still a half-Troll. And that means she’s part monster. Not entirely Human. It makes us parents worry some nights. What can you say to that?”
Half-Troll. It’s as if all Durene is, is just a word. How can they not see? She is more than that. She’s a [Paladin]. What would he say if I mentioned that?
“She’s a person, Mister Prost. A person. Where I come from—well, some people judge others based on what they look like it’s true. But take it from a man who can’t see, there’s more than just sight that goes into people. If sight was all we judged by, why, wouldn’t I be as much of a—a monster as Durene?”
Pause. Did anything I said go through? I hear Prost move about in the snow again, and then he speaks.
