3.12 E
Page 2
I hold the basket on my stomach as Durene carries me in her arms. It is not comfortable, especially since Durene’s running means I bounce around like a rag doll. But she moves far faster than I can, so I hang on to her with all my strength as I feel cold air blowing past my face.
Powdery flecks of ice keep hitting me. Durene is churning through the snow as if it’s not there. I can hear her breathing hard, but she doesn’t stop running.
Riverfarm is about ten minutes away from Durene’s cottage at walking speed. We get there in four minutes. My first instinct when Durene puts me down is to find the wounded. But my weak imagination isn’t enough to predict the reality of what awaits us.
For a few seconds after Durene puts me on the uneven earth, she can’t even speak. When she eventually finds her tongue, it’s still almost too much for her. She describes the scene for me, breathless. Horrified.
Riverfarm is gone. The avalanche poured through the tiny community in one horrific rush. The pounding snow covered entire houses and knocked the walls in on others. There’s so much packed snow that we’re standing several feet above where the ground is supposed to be.
“I can see the roof of Mister Prost’s house from here. It—oh, Laken! It’s all gone!”
“What about the people, Durene? Are they alive?”
I grab Durene’s arm, trying to keep her focused. My voice is urgent, and she starts as if coming out of a trance.
“A few. I can see some, but—”
Some of them are just standing around, motionless. Others wander aimlessly, and I can hear them calling. A few are trying to dig at the ground, but the snow isn’t loose. It’s been packed, and everything is buried. How would they even know where their families and friends are?
And no one’s really that coherent in the first place. Durene is experiencing it and so am I, to a lesser extent.
Shock. But I know—I have to fight through it. I can’t see, but I wasn’t caught up in that maelstrom of death. My head is the clearest right now.
“We have to start digging people out. Durene, where’s the nearest house?”
Again, Durene starts as if I’m waking her from a dream.
“Nearest? Over there—Mister Ballus and Miss Ven’s—”
“Let’s go to it.”
I push at her, and Durene moves forwards. I follow her until she stops.
“What does it look like? Do you see any of the family around here?”
“No—I—I don’t know. They could be over there. That looks like—it’s all buried, Laken. All of it.”
“How much is buried? The front? The back? Could we dig the door out—maybe they’re still inside?”
“I don’t know. It’s buried.”
I clench my teeth in frustration. I can’t see, and Durene isn’t being helpful. I want to shout at her, but in the next instant I feel her moving.
“I’ll dig! Stand back, Laken!”
I take the basket and move back. At once I feel snow flying through the air and hear Durene grunting. Suddenly she’s all motion, and I hear her shouting, the first loud sound in the shocked silence of the village.
“Mister Ballus! Miss Ven! Cinney! Rober! Are you there!?”
The noise does something to the villagers not buried by the snow. After a few seconds I hear movement, and then someone runs over.
“Durene!? And – Mister Laken? You two are alive?”
“We are.”
I don’t recognize the name, but I feel someone rush over to me. A hand seizes mine, rough and callused.
“It’s me, Prost.”
“Mister Prost? Are you okay? Where’s your family?”
“I don’t see them. I don’t—”
Prost is trembling even worse than Durene was. He can barely hold on to me, but that he does, clutching at me like he’s holding on for dear life. I try to calm him down.
