3.12 E
Page 12
I pull out a rectangle of metal. It’s always in my pocket although I haven’t turned it on until now. I push the power button.
“Siri? Turn on flashlight.”
“Sorry, but I’m not able to do that.”
People around me exclaim in awe, but I just scowl. I have to find the flashlight app buried among the various ones I’ve downloaded and press it manually. I hate doing that.
Then again, I don’t exactly need a flashlight app, do I? It was put on my iPhone as a joke by my best friend. After Zoe installed it on my iPhone she told me it would help other people if they got lost, since I can find my way around in the dark just like the light. It would make them feel better, she told me.
And now? My iPhone glows with light. I can’t tell, but people around me are shouting ‘magic’. I give it to Prost and show him how to use it.
“Can I really use an artifact like this?”
“Just don’t drop it.”
I smile and turn away. The iPhone’s batteries probably don’t have that much juice in them in this cold, but the light helps. Prost and the others find the fault they’re looking for and fix it.
“Laken.”
Durene has the iPhone in her hands. I turn from having more blankets dug up and take it back from her.
“Thanks, Durene.”
“Is that the ‘phone’ you were talking about?”
“It is. Does it look interesting to you?”
I can’t imagine how the screen and the display looks to someone who’s never seen a light bulb. There’s awe in Durene’s voice.
“Yes. It’s like a star is in your hands.”
A star? I smile.
“Would you like to use it?”
“Me? No! I would never dare. What if I broke it? I’ve never seen magic like that before.”
“This is no magic. Anyone can use it. Here.”
In the lull of the night as the immediate worries of the villagers are temporarily alleviated, I show Durene how to work the controls.
“You see that little triangle at the bottom? Press it. Now—”
Durene jumps as music begins to play from the iPhone. I take it from her and turn up the volume. Heads turn. I walk towards the villagers, holding a glowing star in my hands that sings with a woman’s voice. I walk among them, reassuring, checking on the wounded, finding things for those with energy to do. They’re warm, fed, alive. For some reason they still keep thanking me.
I keep walking, and a woman sings about love in French, a language none of the villagers know. But her haunting voice brings life to a frozen world. So the villagers listen to L’hymne à l’amour as their loved ones lie in the falling snow. And they cry although they don’t know what the song is about.
And at the same time, they know what the song is. The singer conveys all they need to know. When the song ends I check the battery. Durene sees a single digit and a red sliver of a bar. So I play one last song.
It’s not a song about love. It’s not even in French. It’s a song about family and home and regret. A man called Reinhard Mey sings in German,  Viertel vor Sieben, a song never heard before in this world. And that too speaks to the villagers.
The last echoes of the song die out. I turn off the iPhone and find a place to sleep. There’s already a space cleared for me, and Durene as well to my surprise. We could have gone back to the cottage—we will, if only to pick up Frostwing. But for now I sit, and find once I’m sitting that I’m out of energy.
I put my head down and I’m out like a light in moments. I rest and the villagers around me live another night, crying themselves to sleep. And I am still an [Emperor] when I wake up.
 
[Emperor Level 9!]
[Skill – Empire: Blessing of the Hearth Obtained!]
 
Day 42
 
