3.12 E
Page 7
So many. So still. I sense tiny bodies and large ones, motionless beneath the snow. Some still move. Others lie at odd angles, in pieces.
There’s no time to grieve. I point and shout.
“Start digging there! And there!”
It’s like a game. An awful game where each second counts and the prize isn’t measured in points, but real lives. But there are ways to be more efficient.
“There are two shovels here. Dig them up!”
They’re nearest to the surface. If we have those, the villagers won’t have to use the branches and broken bits of wood. Durene is already clearing snow with her spade. I’ll have to stop her from hitting the boy when she gets close.
“Over there! She’s right beneath the snow! Dig with your hands and pull her out!”
I run, and people follow me. I shout, and they listen. There’s no little voice in my head. There’s only a screaming idiot, moving too fast to doubt himself. Every step I take in the snow is sure; my blood is electric. I dash over to the spot and people begin to dig.
“Follow me. Find something to dig with!”
Onwards. I let the villagers dig out their friends and run on.
I’m going to save everyone I can. This—
This is my village now. And I will protect it. I am an [Emperor].
I run and run, and forget that I’m blind. I forget everyone else. I reach down, and pull life out of the ground.
 
—-
 
He only knew it hurt. He had tried screaming, but there was blackness all around him. Cold. It was so cold, and he knew he was buried. His head was full of pain and he knew he was bleeding. It was cold—
But also hot. The air in the small pocket where he was trapped was getting warmer, and every time he took a breath, his head spun.
He was dying.
He wanted to struggle, but he couldn’t even move. He cried and screamed, but no one had heard him. And now he was going to die.
That’s what he knew. He knew it even as he shouted for salvation. And then he heard the scraping.
Someone was digging! Towards him? He shouted desperately, barely daring to hope. But the sounds—they were coming from below him! They were going the wrong way! He screamed again, telling them to come back.
No! Had they missed him? The young man shouted desperately, and then realized the sound was getting louder, not softer! It was coming towards his head!
And then he realized something was off. Snow was breaking around his legs. He could move them! He wriggled with mad desperation, not caring if he hurt himself. He had to get out!
“Don’t worry. I’ve got you.”
A voice pulled him out of the madness. The young man froze, and then realized what was happening.
“You’re upside down. Don’t move and we’ll dig you out.”
The world turned over. Suddenly, the pounding in his head made sense. He waited, unable to bear the waiting but waiting nonetheless, and then felt a warm hand on his leg.
“You’re safe. Hold on just for a second longer.”
He didn’t know the voice. He knew everyone in the village, but he didn’t know the voice. But the hand was warm, and the voice was full of so much confidence—
He cried like a child as the warm hands dug the snow away and then came for him. He was still sobbing as more hands righted him and he was pulled out of the snow and back into the world of color and light.
For a little while he couldn’t see. Tears made his vision blurry and he could only gulp in air, the sweetest, purest thing he’d ever felt in his life. He didn’t want to grow up anymore. He didn’t want to become a famous adventurer or leave this small village. He didn’t want to marry his childhood crush.
