3.12 E
Page 4
But it does no good. No one will listen to me. Eventually, the fighting villagers stop and return to trying to dig their loved ones out. One helps Durene, and others try to get their friends to work together, but there’s no cohesion. And again, there’s only one shovel and the ice is like stone in places. And no one knows where any of the victims are!
We’re running out of time. People are suffocating down there. I try to think. What can I do? What can any of us do?
What if—I could see? I can’t, but what about my Skill? Yes, that’s right! I saw Durene’s cottage, and even the buried plants in the garden. What if—
I take a few deep breaths. No one is looking at me and Durene is still shouting as she digs. I don’t know what to do exactly, so I point to what the center of the village is. I try to put conviction into my words as I speak.
“I claim this village.”
Nothing happens. Of course not. Would it really be that simple? But then what do I do?
“I claim this village—in the name of [Emperor] Laken!”
“…This village is a Protectorate of the Unseen Empire!”
Nothing. I feel like the biggest fool in the world, and all around me people are screaming, calling for help. Dying.
I have to do something. And this is it. Why can’t I claim this village? I could do it with Durene’s cottage. Think. Why?
Because she let me. Because she gave me the authority to do it. Instantly, I realize what I have to do.
“Durene? Durene?”
She’s by my side in an instant.
“What is it, Laken?”
“Where’s the village head?”
I know this village has its own mayor, or leader or something. It’s not a very important position—the villagers choose someone every year, but only to negotiate with other villagers, towns, and traders. But it is a leader.
“What? Mister Till? I don’t know. I don’t see him…”
“I need to find him. Or his family. Do you see anyone who knows where he might be?”
“N—I do! I see his wife!”
“Take me to her. Hurry!”
Durene abandons her efforts and leads me across the uneven ground. I keep stumbling, and at one point I hear a shout and feel the packed snow shifting underneath me.
“God.”
Is this what it’s like after an earthquake? I hear stories of natural disasters, but this—
I don’t know what it looks like. But to my mind, the world is in chaos. Nothing is the same as when I came here a few days ago. It’s like I’ve walked into another world again. A horrible world of death and fear.
“Miss Feya! Miss Feya!”
Someone’s in front of me. I hear sobbing, and then someone’s in front of me.
“Durene? Oh Durene—help me! My poor boy is down there somewhere!”
“I—I’ll try to find him!”
I hear the sounds of Durene digging with her hands. I reach out, and there’s a woman in front of me. My hand recoils as I touch her frozen skin and find sticky blood.
“Miss…Feya?”
“Who is—oh! You’re…”
“I’m Laken.”
There’s no time for niceties. I guide the trembling woman a bit away from Durene and then get straight to the point.
“Miss Feya, do you know where your husband is? He’s the village head, isn’t he?”
“My husband…?”
She’s in shock too. I want to shake her, but I just wait for her, prodding gently.
“I need to find him. Do you know where he is?”
Even if he can’t transfer ownership of the village to me, he might be able to rally the disorganized villagers. But I can already sense something’s wrong.
“He—he—”
Choked words. I reach out and feel her shaking. Miss Feya sobs and I know what’s happened.
“I’m so sorry.”
But there’s no time even for that. I hesitate. Would she be next in charge? I have to try.
“Feya. Miss Feya. I need you to give Riverfarm to me.”
An intake of breath.
