3.12 E
Page 11
The snow is so deep. But I’m already thinking about tonight. The villagers—they’re all out, living and dead. And while the dead will keep for a while, the living are freezing. And it’s going to be dark and cold tonight. It’s barely mid morning despite the herculean efforts of the day, but we need to get as many houses out as possible.
“Durene, can you start clearing snow out over here? There’s a barn—if we empty it, we could have a place for everyone to sleep at least.”
I look at Durene, although I can’t see her. But I can sense her, and touch her, and feel her beside me. That’s more than enough. I know she has to be tired, but she doesn’t show any of her exhaustion.
“I can do that. If someone helps get rid of the snow…”
“Is there anything better than a shovel? Pickaxes, maybe?”
Do they even have those? A young man hovering by me—the one who gave me the bowl of soup—offers a suggestion.
“What about magic?”
“Magic?”
I’m caught totally off-guard. But as it turns out, the young man knows a very weak flame spell. And so do other people in the village! It’s a bit better than digging, but not by much.
“Hold off on it. Wait until we dig out a building and then you’ll defrost it.”
I keep ordering people about. They obey as if it’s natural and I don’t question it. They need a leader. And I’m the best choice.
Only I can sense the entire village. It’s almost all under the snow, but I can sense which houses are intact, which ones have valuable items, and most importantly, which are closest to the surface. It is like a game, and I organize people as best I can.
What’s the first and most important thing? The elements. There’s already a small fire going.
“Get someone with wood chopping skills and find some trees! I want two—no, four big fires going!”
Those with fire magic can light what wood we have. That’s not enough of course. I ask around and find who might have the most clothes. We get that excavated and blankets, clothing—all go to children and those with injuries first. Bandages come from recycled cloth first boiled and dried by a fire.
What else? While I’m doing that I wonder about animals. I look—but they’re all dead. We dug up the people first. Still, I know where they are. All of that is frozen food that can be retrieved later.
“Mister Laken? Emperor Laken?”
A voice. I turn. Prost is standing before me, humble.
“Emperor?”
I sense him bowing his head.
“Yes sir. Durene’s dug up a good part of the barn, but she says it’s not stable.”
“Damn.”
I couldn’t tell when it’s all buried.
“Can it be fixed? Who has skills in…carpentry?”
People around me provide answers. I choose three of the best builders to take a look at the building. Someone calls out to me. One of her sons—a teenager—was injured badly. His foot was broken. It needs to be set, but the [Midwife] has no potions.
I find some. By that point several people are telling me they need weapons. For Durene?
No. For wolves and monsters that might attack the injured. I find a sword buried deep and cast about. Broken bows…I find a few locations and have people start digging.
People ask me whether they should cook more soup. I ask and find out what the best recipes are. I direct them to a dead cow.
More work. It’s getting dark apparently—I can feel the chill on my skin and the feeling of sunlight is gone. People need light, but torches are in short supply. And the team working on the barn and other buildings don’t want the badly-directed torchlight to mess with their work.
I have an idea.
“Wait a second.”
