3.12 E
Page 1
“It’s too dangerous for you! I’ll go. I’ll help. You stay here and—”
“No.”
“Laken—”
“You are a [Paladin].”
I feel like an idiot saying it, but I grab Durene’s protective hand and try to turn my head towards her face. My gentle giant is shivering with fear, but her being here reassures me enough to keep my voice steady.
“Durene. You are a Paladin. A protector of the weak and innocent. And you are also my guardian, my champion. You have to go. And I have to go. We have to help everyone we can.”
She hesitates, and then I feel a bit of strength return to her hand. She breathes in.
“Okay. Let’s go. I’ll clear a way. The road is—is gone. Follow me.”
She turns, and I hesitate. The village. What will we do there?
Think—it was an avalanche. Buried people, disaster area. Red Cross. Doctors Without Borders. What do they…?
“No—wait.”
Durene halts in bewilderment. I turn and point towards the cottage.
“A basket. We need all the food we can put in there, towels—clean fabric—um—”
I can’t think of anything else. Bandages, food, what else? The avalanche—
“A shovel.”
I run back towards the cottage, and Durene rushes into her tool shed for a shovel. I push open the door and hear Frostwing screaming at me. She’s tumbled out of her nest, but fortunately she’s okay. I scoop her up and put her and the nest on the floor. I talk to her as I scramble around the cottage, using the clear image of the cottage in my head to pick up everything we might need.
“It’s okay. It’s okay—shush! We’ll be back, okay?”
To my surprise, the eaglet shuts up. I don’t have time to dwell on that though—six more seconds and I’m kicking the door open. Durene grabs the food and cloth spilling out of my arms and stuffs it into a huge basket she uses to collect produce.
“Okay. Let’s go!”
I lead us both away from the cottage. It’s so easy to move around Durene’s cottage. I’ve seldom ever run—being blind means I’m used to running into things, and I know that I can seriously injure myself running into something sharp at high speed. But in this place I’m sure-footed, and I force my unaccustomed legs to move faster. Durene is right behind me, carrying the basket.
Two steps outside of the circle and I falter. The world disappears around me, my sense of it returning to nothing. It wouldn’t have bothered me, before. But it’s like going deaf or losing my sense of smell. Or going blind, I suppose. The new sense I had is gone, and I suddenly realize how inconvenient it is not to have it.
I stumble, and a hand catches me.
“This way. Follow me.”
I take hold of the bottom of Durene’s shirt and begin to follow her. That’s easy—I’ve done that countless times before. But this time, the landscape is totally different.
“So much snow…”
I can feel Durene’s shirt straining as she grunts and pushes ahead. The snow around my ankles rises and shifts, and as I follow in her steps I realize that the snow rapidly becomes waist-deep in places.
No time to stop and think. I try to follow directly in Durene’s footsteps. But even then, the snow is already filling in her steps, and I can’t tell what’s in front of me.
The snow is so deep! Durene wades through it, but I can’t. The second time I trip, something grabs my legs and back, pulling me off my feet. I jerk in surprise, but Durene lifts me into her arms, cradling me with ease.
“I’ll—carry you, Laken. It’s faster that way.”
My mouth opens to object. I’m not a child. But then I close my mouth instead. She’s right. Even if I had sight, this is probably faster.
“I’ll hold the basket. Give it to me.”
