3.13
Page 4
Her bright, cheerful voice nearly gives me a heart attack. I’d almost forgotten—but now I remember. Lady Magnolia. For all you might hear of her wealth, power, and influence, in person she’s quite energetic.
Disarmingly so. Magnolia beckons me to the couch. I hesitate, but then walk over and take a seat. Across from me, the noblewoman beams, the very picture of delight. I keep my eyes on her face.
Remember, she’s not nearly as naïve and innocent as she seems. She acts like Erin, but she’s not. Be on your guard—
“Can I offer you anything? Tea? Biscuits? A knife to the throat? How would you feel most comfortable?”
What? I freeze in my seat. Magnolia laughs lightly as she studies my face. Her eyes are sharp; she watches me like a cat studying a mouse.
“Please, Miss Ryoka. You practically ooze wariness. Even if I did not have my [Sense Intentions] Skill—which I do and am quite adept at using—I would be able to tell how tense you are. Relax, my dear. You are not in danger. Yet.”
Mind games. Right off the bat. She’s not even pretending—not that I’d believe her—damn. I blink, try to catch my balance. What’s my response here?
“I’m not thirsty.”
Brilliant, Ryoka. You’re really showing off your debating skills right now. Dad would be so proud. I grit my teeth and stare at the tea pot. Magnolia raises her eyebrows. She glances up at Ressa, and shrugs.
“At least you weren’t foolish enough to ask if the tea is poisoned. Honestly, why would anyone waste good tea like that?”
“I can think of a few reasons.”
“Really? It must be terrible, being so paranoid so young. Don’t you think, Ressa?”
“Indeed.”
Behind Lady Magnolia, the maid nods briefly. I stare at her.
“Thanks for sending your maid to personally escort me. I was touched.”
“Think nothing of it, please. It would have been so inconvenient if you’d fled, and Ressa did manage to protect you from those Goblins, after all.”
Lady Magnolia chuckles about that, as if Goblin armies are a regular occurrence. Which…is actually not that far from the truth. I stare at her.
“And the rain cloud? Your handiwork as well?”
“A greeting. I know it was a naughty prank; I couldn’t resist. Do forgive me.”
And there’s no way to turn it on her. I could…what? Get angry? Pursue the issue? We haven’t even gotten down to the brass tacks yet. I move on.
“And you made time to see me right away. I must be so important.”
Across from me, Lady Magnolia sips from her tea and smiles.
“Well, some might think so. Myself, I was just bored of meeting stuffy dignitaries. I needed some entertainment, so I cancelled my discussion with one of my visitors to see you.”
“How…kind.”
She twinkles at me, all flowers and blades hidden in the petals.
“Isn’t it? I did consider letting you wait for a few hours while I attended to other business, but I feared you might run off again if I did.”
“No fear. I’m not stupid enough to run.”
“Really?”
And there it is again! The woman wears the most bland expression possible as she delivers a damn good retort. I just stare at her for a second. The Magnolia I’m used to dealing with did not act like this. Why is she taking the gloves off so early?
Regain the flow of the conversation. I glance at the tea pot. There’s an empty cup and saucer. I reach for it and pour myself a cup. Ressa and Magnolia watch me, one disapprovingly, the other amused.
“Thirsty? My dear, let Ressa do that for you. She is a [Maid].”
“And a [Ninja].”
I mutter as I fill my teacup. Magnolia laughs again.
“A [Ninja]? You think Ressa has a [Ninja] class?”
She sounds delighted. I stare at her as she turns and laughs in Ressa’s face.
