3.13
Page 11
“Fearsome indeed. But these are just arrows, aren’t they? Excuse me, ‘bullets’. Nonmagical bits of iron. Your…wonderful armies from your world—they lack magic. And that is a crucial flaw. Let us say you have, oh, ten thousand soldiers with guns and several tanks. And any number of your aircrafts as well.”
Magnolia leans over the coffee table, eyes glittering. Her smile has teeth.
“I could destroy an army like that in less than ten minutes.”
I believe her. I stare into Magnolia’s eyes, and I believe she could do it. How? A spell? Enchanted armor? Would enchanted armor even suffer dents? Could you really send a few warriors in plate mail and take down tanks that easily?
“You really don’t fear guns?”
“I didn’t say that.”
Magnolia frowns at me irately. She looks as if she’s considering tossing her tea cup at me and then shrugs and goes on.
“Anyone with half a brain knows that a gun is a dangerous weapon. But anyone with a full brain knows that even an army with guns is quite easy to destroy.”
“Oh really?”
“I will hit you, you know. Or rather, order Ressa to do it for me.”
Magnolia glares at me and sighs. She settles back into her seat.
“I can destroy two armies as easily as I can destroy one. That is not the issue.”
She raises one delicate finger.
“One gun, or even ten thousand will not change the world. But a million will.”
I think I get it. Magnolia nods as she goes on.
“I do not want to create guns and other such technologies. I do not want such secrets to spread either. And the reason for that is simple: while such devices might provide power to me in the short term, it will inevitably change the world for the worse. If every [Soldier] has a gun, then it is likely the larger army will prevail. If a child can kill a man in full plate armor, then levels lose much of their meaning.”
“And if anyone can field an army, then you lose your power.”
Magnolia eyes me sternly, as if I’ve missed the point.
“Everyone loses. Don’t you understand? If it becomes an issue of numbers, then the most numerous races will conquer the others. If the balance of power is upset so far, then it will be a war where guns become the only meaningful value. As it is, an army with guns would be a significant threat, but one any world power would be able to deal with.”
She sighs.
“But only if it were an army. If guns were commonplace? In time, guns would dominate everything. In time. A nation able to manufacture more arms of a better quality would inevitably defeat the others. It will lead to a war to end all wars, where the victor will stand upon the corpses of all.”
My blood goes cold as I think of that kind of war. That’s what I envisioned as well. True, there might be ways to change such a war, but in the end it would just be an arms race, and countless battles where people with guns fight people with swords. A bloodbath.
Lady Magnolia seems to agree. She shakes her head.
“What a pointless war. It will occur if word of this technology spreads. A war with your world is one thing; if it occurs it will be inevitable. But if I can, I will prevent this world from seizing such dangerous weapons.”
Can I trust her? I don’t know. But Magnolia seems to have thought this through. She looks at me, and I feel the weight of her gaze pressing down on me, trying to force me to tell the truth, to speak.
