3.13
Page 7
Wow. That’s something. I know Erin said Magnolia didn’t like the others, but—
“Okay, so you have people from my world. You know everything. Why am I here, then?”
“Dead gods. Here we go again.”
To my surprise, Lady Magnolia touches her eyes with one hand and sighs gustily. I stare at her. When she looks up, her irritation is suddenly plain across her face.
“She’s doing it, Ressa. I thought she wouldn’t—but she’s doing it.”
“Yes, milady.”
“First that girl Erin—are all young women from her world inbred, do you think?”
“Doing what?”
“There she goes again!”
Magnolia scowls at me and points accusingly at my chest as if I were some kind of monster.
“Stop asking thoughtless questions! I know you’re not that stupid, Miss Ryoka. Or at least, I hope you’re not because if I have to have another conversation like the one I had with Erin Solstice, I will throw this tea pot at you.”
What’s with her? It’s like a switch has flipped. Suddenly Magnolia Reinhart is all action and no pretense. She glares at me.
“A word of advice, Ryoka Griffin. Few things annoy me as much as feigned ignorance. Do not pretend you don’t know why you are here. You and I both know that I know almost everything. That you come from another world? Obvious. That your world has different technology and inventions? Of course! Your fellow travelers have told me all about the wondrous things of your world—phones, planes, guns, cars—and you know that I have a vested interest in such things.”
Lady Magnolia drinks more of the sugary liquid that vaguely resembles tea in her cup as she stares at me.
“I know everything. Everything except the details. You know, or you might have guessed that while your friends can chatter on to me about the wonders of guns and warfare as your world practices it, they are remarkably empty-headed when it comes to producing such miracles. It’s rather like having a boastful idiot claim to be able to fly without a shred of evidence to back it up. But you do know how to fly, don’t you, Ryoka Griffin?”
My lips clamp shut. Magnolia eyes me.
“Yes. You do. Or at least, you know more than the others. And you know that is why you are here, Ryoka. I want you to tell me what you know.”
The woman sighs, looking suddenly exhausted.
“So here we are. That skips—how much needless back-and-forth? Honestly, I was willing to play along for a while, but when you started acting like an idiot I lost my patience.”
I just look at her. This is Magnolia Reinhart? Is this her true face? Is she being honest with me for a reason or—
“Well? Say something!”
I barely see it coming. Magnolia flicks her wrist, and suddenly the saucer of the tea cup comes spinning at me. I catch it reflexively.
“What the—?”
“Don’t you dare ask what that was. It was a saucer. And I threw it at you because I am irate.”
I just stare at her. She’s violent! Is it the sugar working? No—this is a completely different approach. She’s doing this on purpose too! I’ll bet—she’s seized complete hold of the conversation.
Well—fine. Let’s just dive into this. No pretenses, no holds barred. I grit my teeth.
“Okay, let’s assume you’re right about everything. In that case, at what point do you strap me to the rack and torture me for information?”
“Torture? Oh, please. Why would I need torture when I can just use magic? Or a Skill?”
Magnolia snorts at me, but she seems mollified by my response. She takes something out of the pocket of her dress and peers at me. For a second I’m thrown—I didn’t even see the cunning pocket sewn into her dress. Well now, she’s not obeying medieval fashion standards with that.
