3.13
Page 10
What? I stare at Magnolia. She smiles at me, shaking her head.
“You really are new to this world, aren’t you? I sometimes forget—but you really know nothing.”
“What do you mean?”
I’m right. I’m sure of it. But Magnolia clearly thinks I’m wrong. She puts down her tea cup and stretches her fingers out.
“I’m sure you’d say I’m being overconfident. But the truth is, Ryoka Griffin, guns are nothing to fear if it’s just a war we speak of. If one side has guns, they have an advantage, yes, but it does not mean they would necessarily win.”
“You—clearly don’t understand weapons from my world.”
I shake my head, trying to explain to Magnolia how insane her claim is. One side with swords and arrows taking on an army with guns? I suppose if it were guerilla attacks and attrition warfare—but no, she’s wrong!
“Oh? You disagree, Ryoka? Are guns really that fearsome?”
“Of course! They—”
I raise my voice in anger, trying to get Magnolia to understand, to be wary when I hear a slight knock. Instantly, I go silent. Magnolia frowns, and Ressa immediately turns her head to the door. Magnolia raises her voice and calls out.
“Yes?”
The door opens and a maid enters the room. She looks nervous, and nearly freezes up when she sees me, Ressa, and Lady Magnolia all staring at her. But she’s clearly more afraid of doing her job wrong in front of Ressa, so she speaks quickly and clearly while bobbing a curtsy.
“I am extremely sorry to bother you, Lady Reinhart. But your guest—the Great Mage Nemor—requests the pleasure of speaking with you forthwith.”
Great Mage? Is that a class? But Magnolia just frowns, looking irritated.
“Tell him to go away. I’m busy.”
The maid hesitates. But when Ressa glares she immediately bobs a curtsy and closes the door. Magnolia turns back to me, frowning.
“Great Mage Nemor? That’s hardly accurate.”
“Is that someone important?”
My mind’s still on Magnolia’s outrageous claim, but I ask just in case. Magnolia snorts in idle amusement.
“He’s useful, but hardly important—or entertaining. He will wait. Now, go on. You were going to tell me how the armies of your world would destroy mine in an instant. Let’s assume you had an army – or simply the technology from your world. What would make them so fearsome?”
I glare at her. She’s so damn cavalier. Fine. She wants an explanation?
“A tank.”
“A tank? Oh, the others did mention one of them. A metal moving box that fires another type of gun, aren’t they?”
It sounds so simple when Magnolia says it. I shake my head as I try to explain.
“If an army had a tank—just one!—it would be able to destroy thousands of soldiers. A tank has armor that can withstand any number of spells you throw at it. It can hurl an explosion miles away that can demolish a building—”
“A spell can do the same.”
I pause. Magnolia stares at me, one eyebrow raised.
“Your tanks sound slow and cumbersome. Can they really beat a mage hiding in the grass with a [Grand Fireball] spell?”
Grand fireball? Could that destroy a tank? I—hesitate.
“That’s not the point! That’s one tank. But an army could have hundreds. And a mage takes years, decades to train. A soldier with a gun can shoot countless people and he only takes a few days to train. While a mage—”
“Hm. Yes. I see your point.”
Magnolia waves me into silence, not looking daunted in the least. She taps a fingernail on her dress, talking as she does.
“An army of tanks and guns, you say? I still find it hard to imagine, but I am told a gun is like a crossbow that shoots hundreds of bolts per minute, farther than any normal bow. Is that right?”
Pretty much. I nod. Magnolia nods as well.
