3.13
Page 16
Ivolethe stares at Lady Magnolia incredulously. Possibly no one has ever talked to a Frost Faerie that way before—at least, not for long. She thinks for a second, then makes an unmistakable gesture and conjures a snowball.
Ressa seems to blink in front of Magnolia as the snowball smacks into the glass in front of the woman. But Magnolia doesn’t even flinch. She sighs, and then she raises her voice. Gone is the normal tone, her light and friendly air. Her eyes are filled with that same intensity, and her tone booms and cracks like distant thunder.
“I am Lady Magnolia. This mansion and the land around are mine. You are not welcome here. Begone.”
I feel her last word in my bones. The effect on Ivolethe is immediate. She flies screaming out of Magnolia’s courtyard as if she’s been set on fire. I see her faint azure form flitting high, high into the sky until it disappears. Magnolia watches until Ivolethe’s gone and then turns back to me.
“Well, that’s that. Did you have any other allies, or was that it?”
Holy shit.
I—
Was that—?
Uh oh.
Ressa’s staring at me now too, and the look in her eyes says that she’s going to beat me into a pulp the first chance she gets. The ice Ivolethe conjured isn’t going away; rather, it’s beginning to melt off the walls.
“I do hope you had another plan. I’ll admit this one is novel, but it’s rather short-sighted, don’t you think?”
Magnolia smiles at me, eyes still filled with that horrible authority. Part of me wants to give in or run just looking at her.
But the rest is resolute. This woman can’t have her way.
Trump card. Trump card. I take a breath and pray like hell what Erin told me was on a level. I open up with my second trump card to play.
“You can’t keep me here. I have something important to do.”
“Oh? Something important? Running deliveries? Delivering a birthday message and a ring? Helping Erin? Do tell.”
Oh, that smile. I smile back at Magnolia and notice hers wanes a tiny bit.
“Not Erin or adventurers. I have to convince the Antinium not to go to war.”
For a second—oh, for a lovely, wonderful second, I have the pleasure of watching Magnolia’s smile vanish. Her eyes widen, and she stares at me.
The one upside to verbally sparring with someone who can sense your intentions? They know when you’re not lying.
The glorious moment of seeing Magnolia Reinhart uncertain lasts for a heartbeat. Then she looks over my shoulder.
“Ressa.”
I don’t even see the woman. I don’t even get a chance to react. Her hand grabs mine and suddenly I’m in an arm-lock that’s an inch of force away from breaking my arm. I can feel my tendons tearing.
“Don’t break her arm yet, Ressa. But be wary.”
I barely hear Magnolia over the pain. Arm lock. I’m in—I know how to counter. But if I do—
Gah! I don’t move. After a second that feels like forever I see Magnolia step back from me. I know she’s staring at me.
“Please explain that sentence, Ryoka Griffin.”
Arm is agony. Pain is—all consuming. But I force the words out, nearly choking on them.
“The Antinium are not your enemy.”
Pause. The pressure on my arm isn’t reduced. Can I hear my bones creaking?
“Go on.”
Maybe it’s the pain, but I let my mouth do the talking.
“What do you mean go on? I said, they’re not your enemy? Don’t you understand that you id—argh!”
Ressa twists my arm up a bit more. I shout in pain, but I’m afraid to move. Magnolia sighs.
“Ressa, she’s not lying. Let her go.”
“Are you sure?”
“I am. She’s not lying. And if she’s telling the truth—”
The pressure releases all at once. I stumble forwards, feeling at my arm. The pain isn’t gone. It’s—
