3.13
Page 12
“So, here is my most pressing question, one which I believe you will answer. How long will it take for these dangerous weapons to be developed? If one of the people from your world were to cooperate—or give up such information to a powerful individual or nation, how long would it take for them to engineer such inventions?”
The question catches me off guard. For a second I’m not sure if I should answer it. But from what Magnolia’s said—I do some quick calculations. I’m obviously not an expert in firearms, but let’s think about it rationally. If someone needed to find all the ingredients of gunpowder, sulfur, saltpeter, charcoal—and secure them as a long-term resource…testing…building prototypes…
“You could probably have a prototype gun ready in less than a month if you had a kingdom’s worth of resources at your disposal. But a gun that’s ready for war? A proper gun? An army? That would take years.”
The more dangerous route would be a cannon. That’s easier to make, honestly. I share that with Magnolia and she nods thoughtfully.
“A cannon? Intriguing. But if that’s anything like a trebuchet, it’s not as much of a problem.”
She’s so…calm about this. I just stare at Magnolia, a woman unafraid of guns or cannons. She stares back.
“Well, a year is more than enough time for me to locate any signs of manufacturing. But just to be sure—name one of the components of this ‘gunpowder’ for me, if you would.”
Instantly, I shut my mouth. Magnolia just sighs loudly.
“Don’t be obstinate. I said one component. I am hardly inclined to go around searching for how to make the stuff if I could just torture it out of you. And since I am not going to…”
She’s right. I have to trust her. Reluctantly, I open my mouth.
“Sulfur.”
Both of Magnolia’s eyebrows shoot upwards. She exchanges a glance I can’t read with Ressa.
“Ah. That’s troubling.”
“What? Why’s that?”
The woman just stares at me and raises an eyebrow again.
“If I told you, could you even help? No? Then I won’t.”
That—she knows something, doesn’t she? Someone’s already making a move on sulfur! Does that mean the secret’s out? Can she stop it? My head’s racing, but the cooler part of me doesn’t panic. Magnolia’s right. I can’t do anything. I have to…trust her.
Trust that she’s telling the truth. So reluctantly I put that out of my mind and stare at Magnolia. Everything seems, well, good so far.
That’s worrying. I can’t have been called here just to talk about weapons and how useless they might be right now. No—there’s something else.
“Is that it? If you don’t want weapons, then why am I here?”
Magnolia pauses as she reaches for the tea pot. Ressa, gently pulling said pot out of Magnolia’s reach, meeting her mistress’s gaze.
“Was that a foolish question, do you think, Ressa?”
“It seems reasonable to me. She does not know you.”
“Ah, well, we’ll let it slide.”
Magnolia turns back to me and gives me a beaming smile.
“Of course you’re not here just to talk about weapons, my dear idiotic Ryoka. But I thought it would be best to set your mind at ease first.”
“I’m going to ignore that. Once.”
“How intelligent. Now, would you like to ask the obvious question? I promise I won’t order Ressa to hit you.”
“Fine. Why am I here? What do you want to know?”
Magnolia smiles at me. Her eyes sparkle, and she sits up, the very image of a dignified [Lady]. Her reply is quick, decisive, insane.
“Ice cream.”
“What?”
