3.13
Page 5
“Ressa, did you hear that?”
“I did, milady.”
“A [Ninja]! Wouldn’t that be quite amazing to see? If I bought you some dark clothing, would you hang from the ceiling and jump out of the shadows to fill my cup?”
The Lady Reinhart practically chokes on her drink as she giggles. I just stare at her, and then realize Ressa’s giving me a death glare. Um. Looks like I was mistaken.
“So she’s not a ninja.”
“Oh please. Does Ressa look like an islander to you? [Assassins] are the class of choice here; a [Ninja] would be a completely different culture!”
Magnolia snorts as she takes a deep drink of tea. I cautiously do likewise. I’m pretty sure the cup isn’t poisoned—why bother if I’m here and she can just do whatever she wants by force? But—
The instant my tongue touches the tea, it practically goes numb. Poison? I nearly spit out the liquid before I realize what I’m tasting.
Sugar. It’s practically liquid sugar! I don’t know how many sugar cubes died to make the tea this sweet—all I know is that I’ve tasted sodas that weren’t nearly this bad for your health. Instantly I put the cup down.
“What is this filth?”
Lady Magnolia frowns at me as I make a face and shove the tea cup back onto the table. Not gently either; a bit slops over the side at which point I’m sure it adhered to the table like glue.
“Well now, how rude! That is perfectly good tea, Miss Ryoka. And it is not poisonous in the slightest.”
I scrub at my tongue with my teeth before I reply.
“It might as well be poison. There’s way too much sugar in that pot!”
“She’s right about that.”
Ressa interjects, voice disapproving. Magnolia glances up at her in clear irritation and drinks from her own cup. It’s got to be the same tea—she’s drinking it like water! And pouring herself another cup!
“You two don’t understand my passions at all. You’re too much like Ressa, dear Ryoka.”
That’s an insult. Ressa and I exchange a glance and then I go back to staring at Magnolia. Once she’s done filling up her own cup, she sighs.
“Well, that’s enough mindless chatter for now.”
She looks at me suddenly, and it’s as if the mask she was wearing, the smiling noble [Lady]—suddenly falls off. All at once I feel pressure in the room, a hot, stifling gaze that sends a chill throughout my body fixing me in place.
This is the true face of Lady Magnolia. But she doesn’t leap at me and tear my eyes out. She just keeps speaking, in that calm, level voice.
“It has been a long time since we last saw each other, hasn’t it?”
It’s hard to speak, but I force my tongue to work.
“I guess. It’s only been about a month? Two?”
“Mm. But so much can happen in so short a time. As I’m sure you’re aware in your profession.”
Lady Magnolia nods at me. She extends a pinkie and points at my right hand with it.
“I see you have lost something.”
I blink at her and then remember. My fingers. They suddenly ache, and burn with the reminder of their absence. I realize I’m clenching my hand and relax it.
There’s something almost like sympathy in the other woman’s gaze as she looks at me.
“A harsh price to pay. Did you lose it on a delivery?”
“Yes.”
She nods as there’s nothing more to say than that.
“You have gone through much, if what I suspect is correct. I know for a fact that you are richer—are you wiser as well, I wonder?”
I don’t respond. I just cross my arms—hiding my stumps under my other arm—and wait. She’s leading the conversation; I’ll let her get to the point.
“Hmm.”
Lady Magnolia doesn’t seem bothered by my silence. She taps her ring finger on the cup as she stares at me.
