3.13
Page 17
I’ve got a potion at my belt. I wrench it out and unstopper it with one hand. Some goes on my shirt, the floor—the rest hits my arm. Instantly, the throbbing, burning pain ceases. I turn and stare at Ressa.
And…a dagger. She has one in her right hand. It looks very sharp. And magical. I’m assuming the green tint to the edge of the blade is magic. Maybe it’s poison. Poison magic?
“Put the blade away, Ressa.”
Magnolia sighs as she stares at both me and Ressa. Slowly, very slowly, the maid tucks the blade up the sleeve of her uniform. She stares at me. I watch her.
“I’m sitting down.”
Magnolia’s voice makes both of us start. She steps over to the couch and sits down in it. Then she swivels, and puts her feet up on the edge of the couch as if she’s on a therapist’s couch. She stares at me.
“Well? Explain.”
I don’t need to be told twice. Rubbing at my arm, I take a seat. Ressa silently walks behind Magnolia. Both women stare at me, waiting for me to speak.
“The Antinium aren’t your enemies. Not necessarily, at any rate.”
I look at them. Nothing. Well, they’re good listeners when things are serious. I take a deep breath.
“The shortest way to explain this is that the Antinium’s true enemy isn’t you. They fought two wars here, but to them, this is only a—a skirmish. A lull before the larger war. They don’t want this continent, I think. They’re just getting ready for their real enemy to emerge.”
“And what’s that?”
“A god.”
How easy it is to say. How…easy. And it slips off the tongue as if it means nothing. Perhaps it does to most people in this world. I can’t even begin to understand what it means myself. But Magnolia Reinhart hears this and the look on her face changes again. This time, I think I see fear.
“Impossible.”
Magnolia says that word flatly. Her eyes are locked on mine.
“The gods are dead.”
I shake my head.
“Tell that to the Antinium. Tell that to the Queens. They fled Rhir because they were fighting something they believed was a god. Or do you think the Antinium would run from any other opponent?”
Pause. Stare. Ressa’s looking at me now, not with hostility, but something approaching genuine worry. She looks at her mistress. Magnolia closes her eyes for seven seconds. What she thinks in that time I don’t know. But when she opens her eyes—
“How do you know? This must have come from a credible source. And I don’t believe the Queen would talk to you. If this came from a Worker—”
“No Worker.”
I shake my head.
“Klbkch. He’s a Prognugator in the Antinium Hive based in Liscor—”
“Klbkch the Slayer.”
The word escapes Magnolia’s lips. She sits up on the couch and stares at Ressa. Something unspoken passes between the two, and then they look back at me. Magnolia’s voice is serious when she speaks next.
“You have my full and undivided attention, Ryoka Griffin. For the moment I’ll believe everything you say. Do not waste this chance.”
“So you believe me?”
“Oh yes. At least, I believe you are telling the truth. And if it was Klbkch the Slayer who told you this…”
Magnolia’s voice trails off. Ressa looks at her, worried.
“Does this change the plans?”
The other woman nods, shortly. She even laughs, but not with any pleasure.
“Of course. It changes…everything. It changes the entire world.”
She looks back at me, about to ask another question. Then someone knocks. The door opens.
“Lady Reinhart? The [Mage]—”
This time Magnolia doesn’t wait. She grabs the tea pot and hurls it at the door.
“Get out!”
I see the tea pot shatter, but before the pieces even hit the floor, the maid has fled. Calmly, as if nothing happened, Magnolia turns back to me.
