3.13
Page 6
“I trust you’ve met Erin Solstice? She was quite a feisty young woman, but I was pleased to meet her, if only briefly.”
No response. I say not a word.
“And Teriarch? I do know you met him. How is the old fool doing? He did mention you to me, you know. Apparently you had a rather interesting conversation.”
Just wait. She’s trying to lure me into conversation. Magnolia eyes me again.
“So, do you have any theory as to why you are here? Any suspicions? Or am I simply the villain in your uncomplicated view of the world?”
My lips are sealed. Magnolia sighs, exasperated.
“Very well, I suppose I should spell it out for you. You are here because I wish to talk to you. And I sent Ressa because you have a habit of refusing to listen to other people. So you have come all this way to have a conversation, with me, Lady Magnolia.”
I just stare at her. I can keep silent. I’ve had teachers, principals, police officers, and my parents all shouting at me. I can stonewall.
Magnolia keeps chattering, though.
“I do enjoy talking. You see, when two people meet, it is customary for them to talk. I understand this may be difficult in your case, and perhaps it is an imposition on your limited mental faculties. However, the custom is that when one person says something—we call this a statement, the other person says something as well, usually in the same vein of topic. This is what we call a reply—”
“I get it. I’ll talk.”
I have a feeling she could do that all day if I didn’t interrupt. Magnolia stops talking and stares at me. Without saying another word.
Great, she’s waiting for me to reply. I roll my eyes, but now the full intensity of her stare is on me. Multiplied by Ressa’s death gaze. Great. I take a breath, and launch into things.
“I guess you’ve gotten the letter I sent you.”
“Letter?”
For a second Magnolia blinks, then her eyes widen.
“Oh, the letter! Yes, I’d nearly forgotten about that!”
“You did?”
That’s odd. I thought this all stemmed from the letter I sent Lady Magnolia by way of Valceif a while ago. I’d expected an immediate response back then, and I’d been prepared to negotiate—
But Lady Magnolia just waves her hand as if that’s ancient history.
“Oh yes, your cryptic little hint that was supposed to intrigue me enough to pursue you. I recall that. It was quite interesting—I wonder, what did you hope to gain from talking with me?”
I’m not sure. It was so long ago—so long and not so long ago. I hadn’t gotten to know the faeries, and I was desperate for something to help both me and Erin.
Magnolia watches my expression, and although I’m sure my face doesn’t change, I know she’s reading my thoughts through that skill of hers. But even if she can do that, there’s a way to beat that skill. Tell the truth.
“I’m not sure what I was thinking. But I was open to talking, back then.”
“Indeed? No doubt you had your own goals. Perhaps you were thinking of selling me some secrets.”
“Perhaps.”
Yeah, that was probably it. Magnolia smiles enigmatically.
“And perhaps I would have taken you up on that offer. But alas, by the time your letter reached me I had already found other people like you. Thus, I had no need to keep searching for you.”
And there it is. Part of the issue’s out in the open at last. I breathe out.
“Yeah. The others. Erin told me you have other people from my world here.”
Not a bat of an eyelid. Lady Magnolia smiles and shrugs.
“Oh yes. They are guests here, for as long as my patience allows. Pestilential, inconsiderate brats that they are, that might not be for too much longer.”
