3.13
Page 9
“I thought as much. Well, I seem to have misjudged you slightly, Ryoka my dear. I thought you might resist my Skill, but nothing as impressive as that. How did you do it, pray? You have no magical items on you—none for that purpose at any rate—and you have no Skills.”
So the monocle was looking at that? I just stare at Magnolia and shrug.
“That’s a secret.”
“Hmf. Well, I’m not too curious so I won’t pry. May I congratulate you, however? It isn’t often that someone has directly struck at me. The last person to do it was, well, your friend, Erin Solstice.”
Erin tried to hit Lady Magnolia? I just blink at her. Magnolia turns to Ressa.
“Didn’t you take a teapot to the face that time?”
“It was to the chest, and it was lukewarm tea.”
“Ah, of course.”
I eye Ressa. The maid eyes me. I definitely feel like the mouse if we’re in a cat and mouse relationship. She got in front of Magnolia from behind the couch before I could hit her. And she hit me in the cheek and chest in an instant.
“Your maid’s quite dedicated.”
That’s code for ‘what kind of freak of nature is your maid’? Magnolia just shrugs at me.
“Of course she is. Ressa possesses many skills, some of which include cleaning and pouring tea—others of which involve preventing people with blades from stabbing me.”
“And that’s normal for a [Maid]?”
“It’s normal for maids under my employ. Do you think I would carelessly walk around—even in my own home—and entertain guests without a bodyguard of some kind?”
“I suppose not.”
“But you didn’t think of it, did you? Really.”
Magnolia sighs and looks at her maid.
“They grow more simpleminded every year, it seems. Erin was like that, wasn’t she, Ressa? She was rather surprising in some ways, but she was as thoughtless as a rock in others.”
Okay, I feel like I should stand up for Erin even if what Magnolia’s saying is true. I grit my teeth and force myself to ignore the stinging pain in my chest and on my cheek.
“Erin is my friend.”
“How wonderful for you.”
Magnolia gives me a look that tells me she could care less. I keep going, ignoring her expression.
“She’s my friend. But I’ll admit she’s also an idiot in some ways. She doesn’t understand your goals. But I do. I know what you want, so let’s get to it.”
“Do you really?”
The other woman eyes me with more skepticism. She shrugs.
“Well then, go on. Enlighten me. What do I so desperately want from you?”
I open my mouth. Magnolia raises a finger.
“However—if you haven’t thought this through, Ressa will beat you quite black and blue.”
“What is your problem with stupid questions?”
I snap at Magnolia and barrel on before she can tell her maid to kick the crap out of me for that question.
“I know what you want. You know about my world by now. You’ve talked with people who’ve told you about guns, bombs, and all of our technology. I know you told Erin you don’t want that information spread, but there’s no way in hell you wouldn’t want to manufacture those kinds of weapons for yourself.”
“Really? And why is that?”
“Isn’t it obvious? Fear. Even if no one in your world has weapons yet, what if you run into more people from my world? What if someone else creates guns in secret? If that happens, it’s too late. You need to make weapons or else you’ll be overwhelmed.”
I don’t know how Erin didn’t consider that. For all Magnolia says she can suppress that technology—that’s impossible. But to my surprise, Magnolia doesn’t even bat an eyelash at my answer. Instead, she laughs.
“Good answer! Unfortunately—you are wrong, my dear Ryoka. Right in one way, but terribly wrong in the other.”
