3.13
Page 18
“You were saying Klbkch the Slayer told you this?”
“You know him?”
Magnolia’s face is grim as she nods.
“I know him. I have seen him on the battlefield. Perhaps before that, but we met for one brief moment during the Second Antinium War.”
“The Second Antinium War?”
I only read about the first one. Damn. The second one was mentioned, but I think I lost the book that talked about it. Magnolia frowns at me, and then looks at her maid.
“Ressa, fetch the book for me.”
It’s clear which one she means. Ressa walks out of the room, and Magnolia turns back to me.
“Tell me the rest.”
I do, as concisely as I can in the time it takes Ressa to return. Magnolia keeps interrupting me, but when her maid is standing by her side with a slim book in her hands, she sighs and accepts it. She looks at the book before handing it to me.
“What’s this?”
“The history of the Antinium, all the information known about their culture, and a history of both the first and second Antinium Wars.”
Magnolia taps the cover as I hold it in my hands. I read the title. The Antinium: A Brief History by Krsysl Wordsmith. The name is familiar to me.
“Wasn’t he the one who wrote about the First Antinium War?”
“He was.”
Lady Magnolia nods as I tuck the book into the bag of holding at my side. She notes it, but makes no comment. I guess the Antinium really do trump all other concerns.
“I funded his research and the book. I would advise you to read it, the history of the Second Antinium War in particular, especially if you are going to be working with Klbkch.”
Huh. I look up at Magnolia, surprised.
“So you’re going to let me go?”
“Didn’t I say I hated stupid questions?”
The woman scowls at me, but weakly. Her heart’s not in it any longer. Ressa looks at her and Magnolia nods wearily.
“That’s right, Miss Ryoka who knows too much. You win. If there is a slight chance—however slight!—that there could be a way to avoid a war with the Antinium, I would take it. And the knowledge that there is dissent within the Hives—from a Prognugator no less? Invaluable. Even more invaluable is the knowledge of what the Antinium fear. If there is a god—”
She breaks off and shakes her head. Then she fixes me with a gaze like diamonds.
“You have changed everything I seek to do, Ryoka. Do you know that?”
I meet her gaze.
“I do.”
“From this moment on, you and I must be allies. We must be, because I must pursue peace with the Antinium and find out more of what they know, and because you will not live with me as your enemy. I promise you that.”
Magnolia’s eyes are hard as she captures mine. I can’t help it. I swallow, but that’s all. I don’t look away.
“So, what should we do? As allies? I trust you won’t be keeping me here or extorting information against my will?”
Lady Magnolia smiles.
“On the contrary. If we’re allies you should be giving that to me for free. But we can…negotiate that later. For now, you are officially my guest. That means I feed you, in case you were wondering. I’ll even allow that Winter Sprite back on my estate, if you can find her. I would like to talk to her as well, if that is possible.”
Wow. Suddenly, everything’s changed. I shift in my seat. What should I explore first? Does this mean what I think it does? If I have an ally—
The wall explodes. Mortar and stone blast outwards in a single thunderous impact that sends the couches, tables, and me flying. I windmill through the air, trying to curl and reduce the impact. No good. I hit something hard and then I think the world stops for a second.
