3.13
Page 8
But in her hands—what is that? A monocle? I instantly have a bad feeling about it, and it gets worse when she puts it to her eyes and…studies me.
Yeah, she’s looking at me. And that monocle—
Oh no. Is she reading my mind?
No—she couldn’t be. Think. My mind races as Magnolia peers at me. I’m…pretty sure she can’t read minds, even with an artifact. If she could, she’d wear that thing all the time. It’s definitely for revealing some aspect about me—a lie detector?
Don’t get thrown by it. I fold my arms and wait. But Magnolia seems satisfied. She tucks the monocle back in her secret pocket.
“Hmf. Now, as to getting you to spill your much-vaunted secrets. Tell me, do you really think it would be that difficult for me?”
I hesitate.
“Yes.”
“Really? How arrogant of you.”
Magnolia rolls her eyes in exasperation. She stares at me with a bit of contempt, or is it disappointment?
“You astound me, Ryoka Griffin. For someone who appears so intelligent—could it be you’ve forgotten my Skills? Surely not.”
She smiles at me, and every hair on the back of my neck tingles.
“I’m curious. What would you do, if I, oh, asked you to tell me everything you know?”
It’s like lightning. Pink lightning. The words hit me and go inside my head, effortlessly opening the vault of my mind. My mouth opens. I should tell her everything, right? Isn’t that the best—
No.
I waver, grit my teeth. I’ve felt this before. This…is like Teriarch’s geas spell! God—I did forget she could do this!
Magnolia smiles at me, and puts more intensity into her silken voice.
“Come now. You know you want to. This is quite simple for me—if you can’t even stop me from doing this, you are truly foolish. Tell me everything, Ryoka Griffin.”
I want to tell her. My jaw is clamped shut, but I can feel the muscles spasming. It’s taking all I’ve got to hold still. Magnolia’s waiting for me to crack. But—I—
I’ve done this before!
My mouth opens. But what comes out is a wordless shout. I jump up, fist flashing towards Magnolia’s face—
And find myself tumbling backwards onto the couch, ears ringing, pain bursting from my chest and cheek. Ressa’s standing in front of Lady Magnolia, hands raised. I reel backwards and sit down hard on the sofa.
“Um. Well, that was surprising.”
The only sound in the room comes from Lady Magnolia. I can see her blinking at me from behind Ressa. She looks as surprised as I’ve ever seen her. I sit on the couch, staring up at Ressa. I didn’t even see her move. I’m tempted to try and hit her, but—
“Very well, Ressa, please step aside.”
Lady Magnolia’s hands push at Ressa. The surprised [Maid] moves sideways. Lady Magnolia blinks a few more times, and then looks down at her lap.
“Spilled tea. How wasteful.”
A small pool of tea is puddled in her dress. It’s ruining the expensive pink silk. But to my surprise, Magnolia just sighs and stands up. She shakes the dress—
And the tea slides off it and onto the carpet. I blink. Magnolia catches my eye and shrugs.
“Ward spells on the dress. Prevents staining. Too bad about the tea, though.”
Then she sits down as if nothing has happened and pours herself more tea. I rub at my cheek as Ressa takes a place behind Magnolia again. She’s staring at me hard, but I’m in no mood to fight.
Once there’s a fresh cup of tea in her hands, Magnolia looks at her maid and then at me.
“That was a bit too quick for my eyes, Ressa my dear. Am I right in thinking you stopped her from pummeling me?”
“Yes, milady.”
