3.13
Page 14
Money. If Magnolia Reinhart is known for one thing, it’s money. If she had unlimited funds—she could buy out every mercenary on the continent, fund unlimited armies. Money is power, and even if the power of money isn’t unlimited, it’s scary.
Now you know, Ryoka. You know her twisted, wicked, sugar-based schemes. Now how are you going to get out of this?
“I wonder. How indeed?”
It’s like she can read my mind. I stare at Magnolia, but her face is innocent. Did she really…?
No, she can sense my intentions. She can probably sense that I want to leave and extrapolated from there. But…that’s still really scary.
“And the worst part is, I am clearly an ally of sorts, aren’t I, Ryoka Griffin? I can stop the world from using guns. But as for the rest…”
I still can’t trust her. That’s my conclusion. I stare at Magnolia Reinhart and feel my heart begin to beat faster. It’s like a drum in my chest, thunder in my veins, a knock at the door—
“Again?”
Magnolia turns towards the door, frowning in genuine irritation. I stare at the door too, and see the same unfortunate maid poke her head in. She looks pale—and she goes ghostly when she sees Magnolia’s frown.
“I am so sorry—”
“Get to the point.”
Ressa snaps and the maid curtsies as if she were ducking a bullet.
“The mage—he’s demanding to see you, Lady Reinhart. He won’t take no for an answer—”
“Tell Nemor that if he does not sit still and wait for me to summon him, I will throw him out of my estate.”
Lady Magnolia’s voice is impatient, and she clearly means every word. The maid gulps, but takes one look at Ressa and clearly decides that arguing with a mage would be a lot more fun.
The door closes and Magnolia turns back to me with a sigh.
“I believe dear Nemor will regret that when we meet. In fact, I am sure of it. I don’t even know why he’s calling on me today.”
“Why don’t you talk to him? I was just leaving…”
I stand up, making a show of dusting myself off. Lady Magnolia smiles at me.
“Oh no. Sit.”
It’s too fast for me. My legs fold up and I sit. I glare at the woman, but she just chuckles.
“You can’t get away that easily, Ryoka. And even if my Skill doesn’t work—there are truth spells and even potions, you know.”
This is bad. I eye Ressa, and remember the potions and bags on my belt. But those are good against enemies who can’t move faster than I can see. And I’m sitting in the mansion itself.
No—I knew fighting was a bad idea. I take a deep breath.
“You cannot keep me here.”
“Oh? That’s a bold statement to make.”
Don’t I know it. I meet Magnolia Reinhart’s gaze squarely. She studies me—not with arrogance and overconfidence like some helpful movie villain, but calculatingly.
“Hm. You have a plan, don’t you? Well, go on. I like to be entertained.”
“I won’t help you.”
“Even if all I want are inventions that will help everyone?”
“Even then. Because that would mean placing too much power in just your hands. Too much wealth.”
“And this is a bad thing because?”
“Absolute power corrupts absolutely. No one person should be entrusted with all that.”
“My power is hardly absolute.”
Lady Magnolia looks amused, but then her gaze sharpened. Her eyes prick at my skin like knives.
“But I take your point. You don’t trust me. But tell me, Ryoka Griffin. How will you stop me from doing what I please? I already have many travellers from your world who know of wondrous inventions. I only need you to fill in the gaps, and then my [Blacksmiths], [Carpenters], [Mages], and [Alchemists] will do the rest. I even know [Engineers].”
All the things she needs to reverse-engineer any number of gadgets. I swallow hard.
