3.13
Page 3
Instantly, the rain stops. I stand, dripping, in the lush interior of a mansion that would put Versailles to shame, and see a gaggle of [Maids], [Manservants], [Butlers], and other staff staring wide-eyed at me.
I hear footsteps, and turn to see Ressa walk in behind me. There’s not a drop of water on her clothing. She looks down her nose at me as I drip onto the marble flagstones. As if it’s my fault I just got rained on in the winter.
“Your damn Mistress did that, didn’t she?”
Ressa makes no response. But her lips do twitch as if she’s suppressing a smirk.
“A towel will be provided for you shortly. Lady Magnolia will see you personally. If you will follow me?”
Without another word she begins striding off down the corridor. I stare at her back, but I’ve got no choice. Either I follow her, or I bet something else happens. One of the Golems will start beating me to death, maybe.
I follow her, walking fast to keep up. A [Maid] appears by my side and offers me a towel. I snatch it, dry myself, and hurl it into the face of a passing [Butler]. He drops whatever he was holding and I storm on. If they’re not going to play nice, neither am I.
Okay, that last bit from me was an overreaction. That man didn’t deserve that, and the look I get from Ressa isn’t pleasant to say the least. But I’m only now realizing that this is happening.
I’m going to meet Lady Magnolia. Not a minute after I got out of the carriage. She’s not going to give me any time to collect myself or prepare. And she’s going to surprise me and try to catch me off guard any way she can to get the upper hand.
Like that just now. Seriously? Making a cloud rain on me? That’s juvenile. But as a way to keep me off balance, it definitely worked.
Ressa pauses and turns left down a large corridor. She stops before a set of double doors and looks at me reprovingly.
“Lady Magnolia awaits you, Ryoka Griffin.”
Just that? No warnings? No hints about what’s going to happen? I take a deep breath.
Crap. This isn’t good. I can tell my nerves are still rattled. And an internal check tells me I’m not only a bit drunk, but I could really use a catnap.
But there’s no helping it. I’m in the lion’s den. Or is it Dragon’s den? Bah. I’d rather go up against Teriarch in another riddle game than Magnolia.
And then Ressa pulls open the doors. She steps inside, and I follow her. I stare around an inordinately pink room, looking out over the main area of the manor. We’re on the second floor? When did we get up here?
It’s decorated sparsely for such a lavish room. Aside from the huge windows looking out, there are only two couches and a tea table in the center. I’m sure other furniture used to be here, but now the room is empty save for that. It makes everything feel larger, and somehow more oppressive at the same time.
My eyes find a small pot of steaming tea on the table. I see the empty couch, and then my eyes travel to look at the other occupant of the room, the woman whom Ressa now stands behind.
And then—there she is. Sitting on a plush couch in the center of the room. Poised, elegant, calm and collected. Holding a tea cup in one hand and staring directly at me.
Lady Magnolia.
My breath catches in my chest for a second. This is too sudden. I haven’t prepared, haven’t steeled myself—
But here she is. And it’s too late to slow down, because Magnolia comes out guns blazing.
“Ryoka! So good to see you again!”
