3.14
Page 7
Ressa nodded briefly. That much was as obvious to both women as the moon.
“Some will have been caught off-guard. Others were bribed or threatened. More were traitors to begin with. It will take a great deal of work discovering which is which.”
“However, if this is the Circle of Thorns and not some pretenders…this is very serious, Ressa.”
“I know.”
More people rushed up to the two women. Magnolia listened with one ear while she thought quietly. She stopped one maid, though.
“What was that about an [Assassin]? Was the last one found?”
Ressa nodded.
“Reynold and Sacra caught the last one as he was trying to flee. He is dead.”
“Dead?”
Magnolia’s tone was irate. She glared at Ressa, ignoring the [Maid] who fled from her presence.
“Couldn’t you have captured that one alive? I want at least one witness to interrogate. What good are dead bodies to me? I don’t know any [Necromancers]—at least, none that I trust!”
She knew she was being petty, but she was in a bad mood. Ressa clicked her tongue disapprovingly as she responded to her mistress.
“That would have been an unnecessary risk. These killers had unknown Skills and magical items. Killing the escaping one quickly was the correct decision for Reynold and Sacra to make and I stand by their decision.”
“You would.”
Magnolia grumbled, but she let the matter drop. She knew it would have probably been pointless anyways—[Assassins] were notorious for dying to protect their client’s secrets. She paused as she heard a voice in her head.
“Magnolia!”
“Oh, Ressa. I hear Teriarch. I’ll have to talk with him.”
Ressa nodded, and stepped away as Magnolia began to speak into the air.
“I’m here, Teriarch.”
The old Dragon’s voice was urgent in her mind.
“Magnolia! I received your signal. Are you—?”
“Fine. There was an attack. Assassins and a mage came to kill me.”
“Assassins? Are you sure you’re safe?”
“I’m fine, old fool.”
Magnolia’s tone was acerbic, but she relented a bit when she heard the genuine concern in Teriarch’s ‘voice’. She could almost picture the Dragon anxiously fanning his wings.
“If you think they might be around, I could be there in minutes. A spell or—I could fly!”
“You? Fly all the way here?”
The woman snorted, amused by the idea.
“If you want to come I’d welcome you. But Ressa tells me the place is secure, and she would know. I have my own [Mages] and artifacts who will be able to safeguard me, you know that.”
There was a pause as Teriarch considered Magnolia’s reply.
“If Ressa says so…tell me what happened!”
Briefly, Magnolia related the events to Teriarch.
“Will you come or not? I could use you here.”
She held her breath, but not much. Teriarch’s reply was everything she expected.
“Well…if you’re safe, then I hardly need to go out. Other mages can take care of the rest—but you should get rid of the Golems.”
“I know. But it’s such a waste. I got those for my birthday, you know.”
“Nevertheless. If one mage can seize control of them, they cannot be trusted. You need a better Golem anyways—how often have I told you not to rely on these shoddy animated suits of armor?”
“Oh? And what would you propose?”
Magnolia snapped at the empty air. Teriarch’s voice was arch as he replied.
“Any superior construct would do. A Gemstone Golem would have far more utility as you well know. Ivory Golems are too susceptible to interference via death magic of course, but if you would just buy a Magestone Golem—or even a Truestone Golem—”
“Not even you have a Truestone Construct lying around. And besides, I’m fairly certain those were outlawed in several nations.”
“Hmf. Wistram has one.”
