3.14
Page 15
“Trust in Emperor Laken you lot! No—quiet Melpin! You don’t know what you’re talking about. If Emperor Laken say he’ll do it—he’ll do it!”
And that settles that. Oh, of course I had to reassure people and tell the others what was going to happen, but once I got the ball rolling, it couldn’t be stopped.
Not that there weren’t a few alterations, mind. In the end it was decided that we’d take a wagon. Durene would be able to pull me, Frostwing, and the gold and some travel supplies along. I objected of course, but Durene was the one who argued against me the most here.
“I can pull you all, Laken! Honest!”
Against my better judgment, I agreed to it, especially, as it turned out, because we’d be getting company. Gamel was chosen to accompany us—as a sort of helper to Durene and someone who could talk to guards and whatnot.
It made sense, and I couldn’t get the villagers to budge, so I let it all pass. That’s how we found ourselves getting ready long into the night, and I drew up some plans for the villagers to follow while we were gone.
 
Day 46
 
“The cart is loaded?”
“Yes sir!”
“Frostwing’s secure in her nest?”
I hear her shrill cry and nod.
“Durene? Are you sure about this?”
“Positive! Look, I can pull this so easily!”
Durene demonstrates and I wobbled and nearly lose my balance standing on the wagon.
“Oh! Sorry Laken!”
“Nevermind that. Okay, it’s time!”
I turn and wave to the villagers. They cheer and call out my name. Durene pulls the wagon, Gamel shouts and hollers back at his sweetheart, and we set out down the snow-covered road. The villagers worked all night to clear it so we can travel on, and the ride isn’t nearly as bumpy as I thought it would be.
I sit back down in the wagon and feel the comfy, warm blankets around me. The villagers really spared no expense giving me the luxury accommodations.
“Durene, just let me know when you get tired. If you can’t pull us all the way, I’m more than happy to get out and walk.”
“I’m fine, Laken! I could even pull Gamel!”
“That’s fine Durene. I like walking. I could—help pull if you need it.”
“No, I got it!”
We move onwards. I feel the fresh morning air in my face and sigh.
“This is so weird.”
“Isn’t it exciting?”
Durene’s voice is filled with delight and apprehension in equal measures. I can just tell she’s twisting in place as she walks to stare up at me.
“I’m so nervous, Laken! We’re going to a city! Not just a city, the city! The City of Adventurers!”
“I’ve never been there myself. Is it amazing?”
“Yes!”
Both Durene and Gamel chorus at the same time. I grin.
“But neither of you have been there before, have you?”
Practically none of the villagers have. Invrisil is a huge city, and the people of Riverfarm trade with the local town rather than go all the way there. But the city is the dream of all young folk.
Including me, I guess.
“Laken?”
“Yes, Durene?”
I can hear the worry in her voice as she pauses before speaking.
“Do you really think it’ll be alright? I mean…for me?”
I take a while before I reply. That was my worry too. But…
“It’ll be okay.”
“You’re sure?”
“There might be some people who just look at you and judge you from first glance, but if there are, I’ll deal with them. I am an [Emperor], after all. And you are my lovely subject.”
“That makes me relieved. I mean, I’m just so nervous! We have a fortune in the wagon! What if someone finds out?”
Durene says it again, but I can tell she’s feeling better. I tease her as we go up a small slope that apparently leads out of the village.
“How will anyone find out? Unless you shout it to them, that is.”
