3.14
Page 9
“I saw what happened.”
“Hm. Well, I am relieved to see you weren’t hurt. I was almost afraid you’d jump into the fight.”
No fear of that. I stare at the one-legged man as he disappears down the corridor.
“What will happen to him?”
“Who?”
“The man…with the missing leg. What will happen to him after this?”
Magnolia blinks at me, surprised by my question.
“What do you mean?”
“Will he lose his job? He sounded like he was a waiter.”
“Of course he won’t lose his job! I will find a new one for him that he can fulfill with one leg. That is all that will happen. Why, did you think I would fire him?”
I can only shrug. Magnolia scowls. She seems genuinely annoyed with me.
“No one injured in my employ will ever face losing their job. I do not abandon my people.”
“Oh. Good.”
I turn my back and stare at the people hurrying around me. I can tell Magnolia is eying me balefully from behind.
“I trust you understand this complicates matters.”
“I kind of got that when all the [Assassins] appeared. What was the mage talking about? Who are the Circle of Thorns?”
Magnolia pretends she didn’t hear my question.
“Sadly, I have suddenly become far too busy to hound you on the matter of inventions from your world. I will do so at a later date, but for now I believe I will have to let you go.”
I turn and meet her eyes.
“Do you think I’m an idiot? I know this isn’t over.”
She rolls hers.
“Of course it isn’t. But by all means, attend to your own business. We are allies, so I shall make sure you meet with the best experts in Invrisil. Tomorrow.”
“Experts? What experts?”
Another eye roll. Magnolia points at my side, at the bag of holding I’m carrying and snaps.
“Magical experts, idiot! I know your adventurer friends uncovered some relics. Well, I will have some meet with you. And then, when I am done attending to this—you and I will talk again.”
“Great.”
Magnolia raises an eyebrow, but that’s all I have to say on the matter. She sighs, loudly.
“You are an obnoxious child sometimes, you know that? You remind me of Ressa when she was young.”
Ahead of her, Ressa turns and glares at Magnolia. I do the same. Magnolia waves her hand at the two of us.
“You will sleep here tonight. Ressa will find you a room.”
And so she does. I stay awake long enough to see the mansion slowly settle back into some kind of normalcy—and then I go to the large, extravagantly adorned room that has been allotted to me. I lie on the bed, but I’m still far too awake to sleep.
I can still see the lightning, still see the line of fire engulf Nemor. I don’t know what it means, and I’m almost afraid to find out. But one thing I do know.
The sky is already beginning to brighten. I try to sleep, willing myself to rest for however long I can. I think I’ll need the energy. I’m not done here. Not by far.
Invrisil, the City of Adventurers, awaits.
 
—-
 
Day 45
 
A lot can happen in a day. I mean, that’s a fairly obvious statement, but I find myself surprised, sometimes, at how much can happen.
Forty-five days. That’s how long I’ve been in this world. But although I had a lot of amazing, unforgettable experiences in these forty-five days, the last few have seen the most happen.
Especially three days ago. Three days ago I survived my first avalanche. I coordinated a rescue effort; I touched a dead person, and saved a life. More than one for both counts, if I’m honest.
But I choose to remember the living. And I have to keep moving forwards rather than dwell on the past; a lot more rests on my shoulders, now.
