3.14
Page 8
“And she is not for sale. Believe me, I’ve asked and she is definite on that subject. Teriarch, I have work to do. If you aren’t coming—”
“Very well. I will contact you later. But if you need help—”
Magnolia’s voice was soft.
“I know. I will ask. But there’s only so much you can do in that cave.”
She heard no reply. Instead, she sensed the magical connection break. Magnolia turned back to Ressa, and found the woman was waiting for her.
“All done?”
“Things are stable for now.”
“Good. Then find me Ryoka Griffin. I only saw the girl sensibly had her head down after Nemor blasted through the wall. Do you know where she is? Is she hurt?”
Ressa shook her head.
“She is alive and mostly unharmed. At the moment she is helping tend to the wounded.”
“Really?”
“Really.”
Magnolia paused.
“Good. There may be some hope for her after all. Take me to her.”
The two began to walk into the mansion. Magnolia sighed as she looked at the injured, but she kept talking to Ressa as they walked.
“It’s begun, Ressa. It’s war, you know that, don’t you?”
“Against the Circle of Thorns?”
“Wherever and whoever they may be. I have an idea of where to start, but—”
“The same problem as before?”
“If my great grandmother’s diary is right, it will be a nightmare. Still, we can’t let them do this again. I think you know what we have to do.”
Ressa waited. Magnolia made a face as she forced herself to say the words out loud.
“I’ll need to gather my flight of attendants. My allies, anyone who can be trusted—do you know where all my attendants are right now?”
“Right where you left them. The Reinhart estate in First Landing.”
“Damn. I hate that place.”
“When should we leave?”
“Tonight. Have Reynold get the coach ready. We can be back soon, but we have to move now.”
“And Ryoka?”
“Well, for the moment…”
 
—-
 
An hour ago I was talking about the fate of the world with Magnolia. Now I’m standing in the rubble of her mansion, helping pour healing potions on the wounded.
In fairness, there’s not that much rubble and no longer as many wounded. The wards on the Reinhart estate are sturdy, and Nemor only destroyed one room. But the air still feels tense, electric with fear and anxiety.
And grief. I stand up from tending to what used to be one man’s leg and turn to find Lady Magnolia and Ressa. They stare down at the [Manservant] as he tries to get up and fails.
“Stay there.”
Ressa’s voice is calm and imperious. But she kneels and inspects the man’s stump of a leg with gentle hands. The wound is healed, but his leg is gone. Burnt away. He shudders, but doesn’t cry out like he was doing earlier. He only looks up at Ressa and Lady Magnolia.
“I regret—I’m afraid I won’t be able to wait tables any longer, Miss Ressa.”
“Don’t worry about that. Just rest.”
Ressa lies the man back and more servants come to lift him in a stretcher. I watch them take the man away, and see Ressa’s gaze follow him.
She does care about the other servants. She might act like a general from hell ordering them about, but she cares.
And Magnolia—
I glance at the other woman. Lady Magnolia Reinhart is standing in the corridor, coolly surveying the devastation. People rush around her, and occasionally she’ll direct someone, but for the most part she just lets Ressa work.
She’s not down there tending to people herself. But she is radiating calm authority like a lighthouse. That’s a type of leadership, and I can see it reassuring the people around her. They look to her.
“Ryoka Griffin.”
Now her eyes find me, and I shudder. I can’t take comfort in her presence. Not after what I saw. I nod to her to cover my unease.
