3.14
Page 11
It’s quite incredible to me, but it’s also odd. I mean, why would moving silently, or rather, gracefully, be that important to a [Paladin]? Is it because the class is taking from the original idea of a paladin being a member of Charlemagne’s court and being considered dignified characters? Or is it more broadly taken from the fact that paladins are supposed to be champions of justice, respected characters in the eyes of the many?
Perhaps there’s another set of guidelines I don’t know about entirely. All I do know is that Durene—
Squark.
I wince and hear Durene’s surprised exclamation.
“Oh good. Frostwing’s awake.”
Indeed, the noisy eaglet has awoken, and upon finding both Durene and I are awake, is stridently, nay, angrily demanding we feed her breakfast. I scowl as I find the bowl of half-frozen food by the kitchen counter and shove it at the bird.
“Eat, you ungrateful fowl. Stop complaining—I haven’t even had breakfast yet!”
Happily, Frostwing does just that. She’s gotten even bigger than she was three days ago, and now she can peck at the food herself. I can even feel a few feathers coming in, although I’ve been too preoccupied with the village to attend to her as much as I’d like.
Speaking of which—
As Durene puts some butter in the pan and I delight at hearing it sizzle, I open the door and walk out to Gamel. I know the young man—he’s been following me and Durene around since the day of the avalanche. And I can even ‘see’ him in my mind—he’s camped right at the boundary of where Durene’s cottage ends.
“Emperor Laken, sir!”
I hear his excited voice as I crunch through the snow. I make a face and stop before I’m too close to him.
“I told you, Mister Laken is fine.”
I’d prefer to do away with even that, to be honest. But the villagers insist on calling me something. And that’s way better than ‘Emperor’.
“I’m sorry, Mister Laken.”
He sounds chastened. I sigh.
“Never mind that. Durene and I were about to have breakfast. Can I invite you in?”
“I couldn’t do that!”
He sounds horrified. I sigh again, but I knew Gamel would probably say that.
“You’re sure?”
“Yes sir. I’ve got some porridge and even some smoked bacon right here, sir. A feast!”
“Well, in that case we’ll be out soon. If you’re cold, the door’s open.”
“I won’t be cold. I will be waiting, sir!”
I shake my head to myself as I walk back to the cottage. How did it come to this?
I brighten up a bit when I push open the door and smell meat cooking. Durene’s poking at the pan, and I can tell there are some thick slabs of ham waiting to be eaten.
“Smells good.”
“It does, doesn’t it?”
Durene sounds just as excited as I am as she flips the dripping slices onto a plate. She and I eat at a table—me ignoring Frostwing’s chirps as she tries to get me to feed her.
“You’re disgusting, you know that?”
“Me?”
“Not you, silly. Frostwing. Didn’t you just eat the entire bowl?”
“I dunno Laken, she looks hungry. She’s getting bigger—what if we gave her some?”
“Maybe later. There’s such a thing as overfeeding her, Durene.”
“Oh, right.”
“…You can feed her that one bit.”
“Okay!”
I smile to myself as Frostwing shrieks in delight and then begs for more. Who knew a bird could beg? But then my smile falters a bit as I bite into my own bit of fried ham. Yes, it’s delicious. But the mere fact that Durene and I are feasting on ham for breakfast is a concern.
We’re eating meat. And that might be normal in my world, but in Durene’s, or at least, in her village, that’s a luxury. And it’s happening because all the animals in Riverfarm are dead.
