3.14
Page 12
They were all buried in the avalanche, and unlike the people, we didn’t get to them in time. Chickens, pigs, cows—even if you ignore the people that died, this was a disaster in its own right. These animals are what Riverfarm depends on for food and coin, and they were all killed at once.
The one small mercy was that at least their bodies were frozen. It means that the villagers and Durene and I can eat the animals one by one and stretch out our food stocks that way. But still. This would cripple any village and make it that much harder to survive the winter in the best of times.
And after the avalanche, Riverfarm is certainly not going through the best of times. That’s why despite our big and delicious meal, Durene and I are out of the cottage in the next fifteen minutes, and we walk with Gamel trailing in our wake to Riverfarm in good time.
“Mister Laken!”
“Emperor Laken!”
“Emperor!”
“Sire!”
Countless voices greet me as I walk into the village. I smile and wave, and greet people by name. I’m used to the attention by now, at least enough so that I don’t get slowed down and get to the village center in good time. When I’m there, I immediately cast around the village with my [Emperor] senses.
Let’s see. What’s changed since yesterday? Some new houses are excavated—good. Nothing’s collapsed today, which is a relief. The dead animals—
—Are still frozen in the ground. But one of them looks…gnawed at? I frown.
“Mister Prost?”
With my senses I can tell the man jumps as I address him directly among the crowd. People still can’t quite believe I can sense things without seeing. But he hurries forwards as I call him.
“Yes, Mister Laken?”
“One of the dead cows—the one buried just past the barn—looks like it’s been partially eaten. Have animals found the body?”
“I don’t know. I’ll have someone check at once!”
Prost’s voice is filled with consternation and I hear him hurry off. In minutes he’s back with news.
“Animals did eat at the body, sir! Looks like foxes or something similar. They ate a good bit.”
“That’s not good.”
I sigh as I hear people around me mutter. Well, I suspected this would happen.
“Looks like wildlife is returning to the area after the avalanche. We’ll need to make sure they don’t get at any more of the dead animals before we can properly smoke them, salt them, or preserve them some other way.”
“That will be hard, sir.”
Prost sounds worried. I nod, but try to look for a better angle. There has to be something…
“What if we set traps for the foragers? We could catch a few animals—maybe more food for the pot?”
“That could work!”
The man brightens up and I hear voices sounding approving around me. Jeez. As if that was some brilliant idea. Any one of them could have come up with it—they’d probably be able to execute it far better than I could since they actually know how all of this works. But they let me do the thinking and deciding, because I am an [Emperor] after all, and don’t I know best?
This is how my day goes now. I coordinate with Prost about getting people to set traps up as Durene goes to help dig. She’s been doing it every day—we’ve nearly gotten all of the houses excavated, but there’s still tons of snow around the village that could be cleared out. And the fields—
“At the very least, we should focus on finding a place to store the dead animals. The barn perhaps. If we could close the doors and put the frozen bodies in the snow there, that might keep a lot of hungry animals at bay.”
“We can do that. Just give the word, Mister Laken.”
“I’m just worried larger predators will smell the dead bodies and come searching.”
