3.14
Page 14
“Remember the gold coin I traded you, Mister Prost? I have hundreds more like it.”
Is it risky telling a bunch of desperate villagers I’m rich? Maybe. And some would say that’s especially true since I’m blind. But I have a good read on these people. They’re honest, hardworking, loyal—even if they are a bit racist. And they look up to me.
My faith in them is not misplaced. If anything, I underestimate their spirit. After the shocked exclamations die down, one of the other villagers, a woman named Teriane, speaks up.
“Mister Laken, we can’t hardly have you paying for all of us! We’d never be able to repay you!”
The others mutter sadly in agreement. I just shake my head.
“Nonsense. No one needs to pay me back anything. I’m your [Emperor], so it’s only natural that I’d take care of my citizens.”
Also, I got the money practically for free. But when the villagers hear this, they’re moved to tears. Literally, in some cases. I feel bad—but I feel worse when they begin to cheer.
“Emperor Laken!”
“Long live Emperor Laken!”
“Emperor!”
Oh god. This is too much for me. Eventually I get them all to sit down and shut up, and I keep going with my plan.
“Okay, money isn’t an issue, but what is important is getting to a proper place to spend all of what I have. To that end…I’m going to Invrisil.”
“What?”
“It’s the only way!”
I talk over their exclamations. I explain as best I can.
“I’ll take Durene—and Frostwing too, I suppose. The three of us can move quickly, and go to the Adventurer’s Guild and marketplace to buy all we need.”
“But sir—you can’t! It’s too dangerous for you and—and especially Durene!”
Prost is the first to speak up. I can tell he’s agitated, and I understand why.
Durene. She’s always wanted to go to a city, and always been too scared of what treatment she might receive. But this—
“Durene is the only person who can guide me properly. I trust her, and she’s strong.”
“Then why not let one of us go instead?”
“Do you really think you’d be safe, Mister Prost? Even if I sent ten people—what if you were attacked by bandits? Or if someone tried to mug you for the gold?”
They can’t reply to that. I nod seriously.
“I’ve been thinking this over. Durene might stand out, but she’s stronger than any thug, and I…I’m an [Emperor]. We’d stand more of a chance, and besides, who would try robbing a blind man and a half-Troll?”
Well, more people would try to rob me than Durene. But the villagers still don’t like the idea.
“What will happen when you’re gone, though? Emperor, sir, we need you!”
“You don’t need me.”
I scowl as I override their objections.
“No, be quiet! You don’t need me. You did perfectly well when I wasn’t here, and I’ll only be gone a few days at the most. And when I return, I’ll have everything we need.”
“But—”
I can hear part of their fear unspoken in their voices. It’s not just the dangers they worry about. It’s that I might abandon them. I mean, it’s not as if I didn’t think of it. What’s stopping me and Durene from just leaving Riverfarm to their fate?
My duty as an [Emperor], that’s what. And if not that, my soul.
“Mister Prost.”
I walk up to the man, and take him by the arm. He starts at my touch, but I look at him. My eyes are closed obviously, but this is as close as I can get to what it would be like if I could see.
“Mister Prost. I will come back. Riverfarm is my home, now. This is my empire. I will return. You have my word as an [Emperor] on it.”
I don’t know what Prost sees in my closed eyelids, but whatever I say, it works. In a moment he changes from arguing against me to arguing for me.
