3.15
Page 8
“Not like that. I mean—what do you do for fun, when you have time, I mean? Read books?”
Agnes chuckled.
“Free time? There’s precious little of that here. And books? I’m sure Jerom and I don’t have the coin for that, even if I wanted to spend hours reading. No, that gives me a headache.”
“Then what do you do?”
Maran smiled.
“The other day I went shopping and bought a pair of earrings. The gemstones are just quartz—but they’re so beautiful and they sparkle in the light! I’ll show you tomorrow.”
“Okay. But…did you do anything else?”
The young woman blinked.
“Anything else? I didn’t have time to do anything else.”
“Oh. Well…what else do you do for fun?”
Maran and Agnes looked confused, but they told Erin what they did when they had a day off for whatever reason.
“I have been known to have a pint or two when the dinner rush is slow—usually with Jerom—”
“I’ll dance in any tavern, that is, if I haven’t been on my feet all day—”
“There’s a [Shepherd] who plays beautifully on a flute. He goes to other inns sometimes and plays—I wish I could have him here so we could listen to the music—”
Dance, drink, gamble, listen to music—Erin listened to the short list and felt the small hole in her heart grow wider. It wasn’t that any of it was bad, but it wasn’t interesting either. Her ears did perk up when she heard Maran mention a familiar word, though.
“Oh? You have holidays here too?”
“Of course! We have a few every year, and everyone looks forward to them.”
Apparently, even Agnes would close up her inn most of the day on such occasions. The entire city would celebrate special days in the year, a lot of them right around the time holidays were observed in Erin’s world.
“The real fun is during one of the festivals. There’s candied apples, games to play, entertainments bought by the city, and so much to do! The Winter Solstice is coming up—there’s always a good time to be had then.”
“And it’s such a romantic time as well.”
Maran sighed wistfully, and Erin suspected a certain [Cook] had been chosen to share that special day with. Agnes smiled mischievously.
“Of course, there’s another way some folks entertain themselves each night—”
“Miss Agnes!”
The [Barmaid] raised her voice in shocked outrage, and Agnes laughed. Both women looked at Erin—she looked just as unimpressed.
“Oh. Right.”
That’s it? Of course, Erin got the attraction, but besides festivals, was there really nothing else to do? Flummoxed by Erin’s indifference, Agnes and Maran tried to come up with other things that were fun to do.
“There’s always a good time when a [Troubadour], [Bard], [Tumbler], or some other person with a class like that visits. I always try and go see them if I have the time.”
“They wander from city to city?”
It made sense, but that was just as…well, at least they were some fun people who visited now and then. But still. It seemed like people in Celum just waited a long time for fun to occur. Erin sighed, even more melancholy than before.
Agnes looked a bit worried that Erin was so down.
“Are you well, Erin dear? Would you like to have a rest, maybe?”
“Nah. I’m not tired.”
Erin pushed her empty plate back and stood up. If there was no fun to be had here, at least she could see if…
“I’m going to go see Fuzzylips. I mean…yeah, him.”
“Who? Oh, you mean Wesle? You go visit him practically every day. Has he caught your eye?”
Maran and Agnes smiled knowingly at Erin. Erin gave them a blank look.
“Not really. I just want to know if he’s found my skeleton yet.”
“Your what?”
 
—-
 
“Hey Wesle.”
