3.15
Page 15
So hard. Hard, and—and small. This was all they had, and even that was uncertain. Erin’s heart ached as she looked at Grev, reluctantly helping Jasi hang up clothes to dry by the fire. She thought, and came to a decision, even though it might have been the wrong one.
 
—-
 
“Miss Erin…what’s this?”
That was what Agnes said when Erin brought Jasi and Grev to the inn. They stared at the bustling place, wide-eyed and disbelieving, an expression that was mirrored on Agnes’s face when Erin told her what she intended.
“You want to hire her as a [Barmaid]? Well of course we could use the help but—does she have any levels in the class? And what about the boy?”
“Grev can stay here. He can’t work, but he can sleep here. I don’t know what he’ll do every day—I’ll think of something to keep him out of trouble.”
Jasi bobbed a nervous curtsy to Miss Agnes.
“I’ll work hard, Miss. If you need me to haul things or clean up—I can do that. Anything you need.”
“I—well—we’ll see.”
Agnes looked helplessly at Erin. She gave the uncertain Jasi and Grev a big smile and had them sit at a table.
“We’ll—have Safry bring you some food. You two look like you could use some. Safry! And then we’ll put you to work, Miss Jasi.”
As the two sat and Safry came over, Agnes drew Erin aside and spoke to her in a troubled voice.
“I hate to question you, but—do you know what you’re doing, Erin? This seems…sudden. Have you thought all this through?”
“No. Not really.”
Miss Agnes looked somewhat dismayed by Erin’s honest response. But the truth of it was that Erin herself was uncertain. When she’d stood up and announced that Jasi could work at her inn, it had felt right. But now—
“I know you come from Liscor where Drakes are common—but here Drakes are—well, there’s history—”
“I know, Miss Agnes. But I had to do something.”
“You have a kind heart, Erin. I know that.”
But you made a mistake. Erin heard it unspoken in Agnes’ voice. She ignored it.
“For now just have Jasi wait tables. That’s easy. And Grev can eat and sit in a corner.”
So passed the first night. Erin kept an eye on Jasi, and especially Grev. But Grev was meek and even grateful for the food, eating a huge amount until Erin thought he would be sick. But he eventually just passed out in a minor food coma at his table.
As for Jasi, she still seemed stunned to work at such as busy inn. She was constantly serving tables, bringing the food Erin cooked out of the kitchen. And even if she got quite a few glances, Erin heard no audible comments, at least, not while she was in the common room.
She cooked, fried, and served food in her own world of anxiety. Then, when the last of the guests had eaten, Erin found a small room for Jasi and Grev to sleep in.
“I don’t know how to thank you, Miss Erin. Are you sure it’s alright for us to be sleeping here? We have a house—”
“I’m sure. And this way you can help in the morning.”
Erin smiled at Jasi and Grev, keeping her emotions inside of her until they’d closed the door. Then she went to her own room and sat on her bed and put her head in her hands.
“Was that a mistake?”
It felt like it. Erin hated to say it out loud, but she wasn’t sure. What had she just done? It had been so sudden, an impulse decision.
“But what was I thinking?”
Making Jasi a [Barmaid]? Offering her a job? It had seemed like the only option Erin could take. The obvious choice. But now that she was here—
