3.15
Page 4
“Boring. I think making all this alchemical stuff is boring. I know you don’t—”
Octavia’s outraged glare was proof enough of her feelings. Erin just shook her head tiredly.
“—But I don’t like wasting food, and making all this complex stuff. But it’s all that I can do.”
The other girl paused before she could give Erin a tongue-lashing.
“What do you mean?”
“I’m not like Ryoka. She can run around and do cool things—she’s even got Ivolethe as a friend.”
“Who?”
Erin ignored the question. She stared at the mostly empty bowl of soup and took another bite. It tasted awful. But it was magic.
“I can’t be a hero. I don’t like fighting, and I’m scared of getting eaten. Or stabbed. Or stabbed and eaten. All I can do is try and make my inn better. And if I had something magical to sell to my guests—no one would be able to copy that. That would make my inn unique. That’s why I’m doing all this.”
Even if it was hard. Even if it was exhausting. This was her big chance; Erin knew that. She raised her head and saw Octavia’s face. The girl didn’t look irate like she normally did around Erin. Instead, she looked impressed.
“That’s actually quite thoughtful for you.”
“Surprising, right?”
Octavia had to grin. Her teeth flashed in her dimly lit shop. Then she looked back at the bowl in Erin’s hands and her eyes narrowed in a calculating look that made Erin groan internally.
“You know—not that I’m trying to renegotiate the deal Ryoka made with me or anything—but you have benefited a lot from the recipes I’ve come up with. If you’d consider selling me them, I’d cut you in on a deal. In fact, why not let me sell them to other inns and taverns? Why, you’d earn a lot more if everyone was making this stuff and not just you. I’d only ask for a small commission on each sale—and I’m sure that the profits alone would—”
“It’s not going to work, Octavia.”
“You don’t know that! If you’d just listen to the rest of my idea—”
Erin shook her head, cutting the other girl off. She handed the recipe of the soup she’d just made to Octavia.
“Try making it yourself.”
The [Alchemist] was surprised, but she wasn’t one to turn down an opportunity to make something useful—and, Erin suspected, memorize the recipe. But although Octavia eagerly piled the ingredients into another pot and followed all of Erin’s instructions to the letter, her hands quickly slowed down as she frowned at the floating objects in the water of the pot.
“What’s happening? It—it’s not even reacting. It’s just sitting there. Like…”
“Like nothing is happening?”
Erin nodded and took the spoon from Octavia. As she began to stir, the soup began to change. Octavia’s eyes widened as she stared at the way the individual ingredients suddenly began to dissolve, mixing together.
“How are you doing that? A Skill?”
“Yup. It’s my Skill. Without it, no one else can make this stuff.”
Erin watched as the mixture slowly thickened, and continued following her instructions, although she knew how to make the soup by heart. She explained to Octavia as she reached for a glass of lemon juice she’d painstakingly squeezed earlier.
“I tried to show Agnes how to make the Corusdeer soup. She couldn’t do it, even when she copied me exactly.”
“What skill do you have? [Magical Cooking]? I know it can create magical dishes but this—this is different.”
“[Wondrous Fare]. That’s what I have.”
