3.15
Page 9
The [Guardsman] had been napping, or maybe just resting his eyes, but he sat up in his wooden chair and looked attentive the moment he heard his name. He relaxed when he realized his superior wasn’t calling his name—and then he straightened up in his chair again when he realized Erin was standing in front of him.
“Oh, Miss Solstice! I didn’t realize—um, let me—would you like a seat?”
Fumbling at his words, blushing, Wesle stood up and offered Erin the only seat in the room. His. Erin just laughed at him until they left the small room which was meant for—well, probably napping [Guardsman]—and talked.
“I didn’t expect you to be here so soon. Ah, what can I do for you, Miss Erin?”
“Any news about Toren?”
Wesle was ready for the question, because Erin asked it every day. He shook his head ruefully.
“You mean the skeleton? No, Miss Erin. I haven’t heard any of the cities reporting any sighting of the undead—and I did send out a request asking if any reports had been logged with the Adventurer’s Guilds as well.”
“Oh.”
Erin knew that was the response she’d likely get, but she sagged anyways. No one had seen Toren. Selys would have messaged her if he’d appeared around Liscor, but he hadn’t gone back there. And no one had mentioned seeing a walking skeleton around the cities either—it was like he’d disappeared.
Where was Toren now? And when she finally found him…would Erin really have to do what she was thinking? Maybe Pisces could help. But he wasn’t here yet.
Awkwardly, Wesle patted Erin on the shoulder. She smiled at him.
“That’s too bad. Thanks for looking, though.”
Wesle hesitated.
“Are you sure you won’t sit? You seem less spirited than usual, Miss Erin.”
“Really? I’m sorta…tired, I guess. You seem tired too.”
The [Guardsman] hesitated, and then nodded with a grimace.
“It’s Esthelm, Miss. Or rather, after that all the [Guardsmen] in every city are working around the clock.”
“In case the Goblins attack?”
“That, and trying to find out when they’ll attack, or at least, where they are.”
Wesle gestured to a large map that had been pinned to a wall of the City Watch barracks. It had a lot of colored pins in it, most of them centered around a red cross over what had been Esthelm. Erin’s stomach twisted a bit just looking at the map.
What about Rags? Another friend she couldn’t do anything for. She let Wesle explain the problem, hoping Rags wasn’t with any of the Goblins he was talking about.
“It’s not like there are Goblins everywhere now, but there are certainly more of them. Just the other day a village near Esthelm – Verdun – reported seeing a group of a hundred or so armed Goblins.”
The man showed Erin a small pin on the map. She stared at it and looked at how close it was to Liscor and Celum. A hundred Goblins? How many did Rags have…?
“These ones aren’t like the normal groups of Goblins. They all have weapons and armor—and they move and fight like they’re actual [Soldiers]. If the village didn’t have walls, I think they’d have been attacked. But the Goblins were moving north, and luckily no one was killed.”
“Are they attacking something?”
“I think it’s a war between Goblin tribes, Miss. It happens. Or—it could be this Goblin Lord we’ve been hearing rumors about.”
Wesle’s face was grim. Erin remembered that Goblin Lords were supposed to be really bad.
“You guys are working hard. Um. Do you work like this every day?”
“Well, most days we just arrest petty criminals and patrol, Miss. Or stand watch at the gate and check travelers coming in, like we did with you. It’s not always this exciting.”
