3.15
Page 3
Some of Erin’s elation faded away as she stared at the soup in the pot. It had taken her nearly a hundred tries to mix this up, costing countless gold coins’ worth of ingredients. That wasn’t the issue, though.
Octavia didn’t seem to notice Erin’s feelings. She idly poked the pin into her hand as she stared at the soup.
“You know, if you want to try making the soup into an actual dish I wouldn’t mind trying it again.”
“Maybe later. I want to try and finish the other dishes, though.”
“More?”
The Stitch Girl frowned at Erin.
“How many more times are you going to come over and take over my shop? I do need to make potions myself, you know.”
Erin nodded absently.
“Yeah, but Ryoka bought out your time.”
“She did, but…”
Octavia waved her hands in the air, trying to express her displeasure.
“It’s been—how long? Nearly a week?”
“Something like that.”
Erin helped herself to her own bowl of soup now that she knew it probably wouldn’t kill her. She made a face as she tasted the horrible dish she’d made—the mint really was too powerful, but it was sour as well! She’d have to find some other way to combine all the ingredients—blend the mint into the fillet batter and keep the lemon juice out of it until the very end, or something.
But the dish was edible. Octavia shook her head as she stared at the small pot of soup Erin had brewed up.
“How am I supposed to deal with this? You’ve just created—what? A Thickskin potion? But you’ve used way less reagents than I usually do.”
“Mhm.”
Octavia glared at Erin, incensed by the bland response.
“Don’t you know how incredible that is? If you could do that with every potion I’ve made—just think of the savings! This is amazing! Revolutionary!”
“Yup. This really tastes bad.”
Erin made a face and Octavia made a sound of disgust.
“Well, I’ll admit that you have some skill at this. But—and I’m asking again—how many more times are you going to use my kitchen and store?”
“Ten thousand times.”
“Excuse me?”
“Ten thousand times. That’s how many times I’m going to cook. If I can, that is.”
Erin suddenly felt very tired as she turned to Octavia. The dark-skinned girl’s mouth was open in shock, but her eyes were flittering left to right in sudden calculation.
“If you did that, I’d have to at least charge you—”
“I’m not being serious! Jeez!”
The Human girl scowled at Octavia. Octavia scowled back.
“You could have fooled me! I’m just giving you a price quote. Why ten thousand times, anyways?”
Erin sighed. But she felt like explaining, so she took a seat and spoke to Octavia between spoonfuls of the horrid soup.
“Back where I come from—there’s this guy who said that the best way to get good at something was to do it ten thousand times. Or something like that.”
Wasn’t it ten thousand hours spent practicing? Erin couldn’t actually remember that well.
“Anyways, the idea is that if you want to learn how to do something well—really well, I mean, you have to practice that much. You can be as talented as you want, but in the end you still need to practice.”
“Oh. So that’s why you’re trying to make all this stuff?”
“Sort of.”
Erin nodded, stretching her neck out a bit and wincing at the cracks. How long had she been cooking today? Already three hours, probably.
“I have a Skill—[Advanced Cooking]. It lets me cook really well without practice. But lots of people have that Skill. I’m an [Innkeeper], but there are a lot of people with higher levels than me, I bet. They have better inns, more Skills…I want to match them, somehow. So I decided to try to learn something new—even if this is boring.”
“Boring?”
