3.15
Page 12
Why was a Drake in Celum? Erin hadn’t even seen one, but here was a Drake, standing in front of her. The Drake paused as she realized Erin wasn’t going to start hitting her. For a moment she and Erin just stared at each other while Grev hid behind her, sniveling.
“You’re a Drake.”
That was the brilliant opening Erin came up with. The female Drake hesitated, and then nodded. She bit at her lip, glaring at Erin as if that statement was a challenge.
“That’s right. I’m a Drake. But I live here, and the Watch knows about me.”
“Oh.”
“I’m sorry if Grev did anything—but he’s just a child! Please, whatever he did—”
“He was pickpocketing. I saw him.”
The Drake’s reaction was immediate, as was Grev’s. He immediately let go of her and piped up in denial.
“I never!”
“Oh Grev—”
She stared at him, clearly knowing he was lying. But instantly the Drake looked back at Erin, and now there was a genuine note of desperation in her voice.
“Please don’t report him, Miss. Please don’t. He’s only one crime away from being exiled from the city. And if that happens—it was just one mistake, Miss. It won’t happen again.”
“Really?”
Erin propped her hands on her hips and stared at Grev as he tried to turn invisible.
“I happen to have met Grev before. He helped a bunch of thugs ambush me when I first came into the city.”
“Grev!”
The Drake turned. To Erin’s surprise, she dropped the clothing on the snowy cobblestones and grabbed Grev, lifting him up as he shouted.
“I—I—”
“How dare you! I’ll spank you until you won’t sit for two weeks! And you’re not having dinner! I should drag you to the City Watch myself. Do you want to be kicked out of the city? Because if you do—”
“I’m sorry! I’msorryI’msorryI’m—”
The Drake kept shaking Grev as he apologized frantically, shouting. Erin saw other doors opening and closing once the occupants saw what was going on, but no one came to see. She cleared her throat and the two stopped and stared at her.
Grev’s face was somewhere beyond white and going into ghostly. The Drake’s face was—well, her dark red scales couldn’t really change color like skin, but they were definitely looking more pink than red around her face. Both clearly expected the worst.
And why not? Erin wasn’t a huge, angry [Warrior], true, but she was dressed a lot better than they were, and she could easily summon the Watch. But to their surprise, the  young woman didn’t shout or get angry. She just smiled a bit, and held out a hand.
“I’m Erin. Who are you?”
The Drake stared at the hand, and then dropped Grev. She gingerly took the hand.
“Jasi. My name is Jasi, Miss.”
 
—-
 
Jasi the Drake was one of perhaps two or three Drakes in Celum.
“I don’t know. There was a [Merchant], but he might have left. And there’s a [Baker] who married a Human woman. But it’s not common, especially in small cities like this.”
“Really?”
Jasi shifted in her seat. Erin was sitting in her home—hers and Grev’s. Apparently, they lived in a squalid hut—house was too grand a word for this place—next to the city walls. It had belong to their parents, both of whom were dead or had simply left. Erin hadn’t asked.
Now Erin sat on a rickety chair with a cup of boiled water in front of her. She hadn’t drunk from it. There were a few flecks in the water that she didn’t want in her stomach. Jasi sat across from her while Grev tried to listen to their conversation and hide in the other corner of the room.
Talking had happened. And spanking and apologizing and now explanations were currently occurring.
