3.15
Page 7
If she’d been back home, what would Erin be doing right now? Thinking about college, or being in college no doubt. But if she’d just been back at home, she would have been practicing chess, debating calling one of her friends, watching a Youtube video, talking with her pare—
Nope! Can’t do that! Erin stopped in the street and slapped her cheeks hard enough for them to sting. She couldn’t think about home or friends or fa—
She couldn’t think about it. She’d done well so far, but being in a city full of Humans was making her nostalgic. And Erin didn’t need nostalgia right now. She needed…
“A distraction.”
So saying, Erin set off walking in a specific direction. She wasn’t far from where she wanted to go, so in a few minutes she was pushing open the door to the Frenzied Hare.
“Miss Erin!”
A welcoming voice instantly called out her name. Erin turned, smiling, to see Miss Agnes bustle up to her, all cheer and good humor.
“Why Erin, it’s a surprise to see you this early! Are you already done with your business at the [Alchemist]’s? Or—don’t tell me, Miss Octavia’s concocted some nasty brew that’s set her store on fire again?”
“Nothing like that Miss Agnes. I just finished up early. How’s Mister Jerom doing?”
Erin smiled at the older woman as she took a seat at the table. While it was true she was sort of the new boss around here—at least when it came to cooking—Miss Agnes was the one always running the inn, and Erin was gone outside of breakfast and dinner most days.
Miss Agnes smiled at Erin as she always did when Erin asked about her sick husband. Ryoka never asked, even though Erin kept reminding her to. Although…Erin wasn’t sure Ryoka even remembered Mister Jerom’s name, or Agnes’ some days.
“He’s doing as well as can be expected. Still feverish and he sleeps too much, but I’m hopeful the new alchemist’s potion we bought will sort him out. We have you to thank for that of course—we’d never have been able to spare the coin if you hadn’t come by.”
“Oh, it’s—I’m really glad I could help.”
Erin smiled and waved her hand. Agnes smiled at her, and then glanced at the kitchen.
“You know, if you’re done with work, I’m sure the morning crowd would love to sample your cooking—”
There it was again. Erin’s smile twisted a bit on her face. It was always work, work, work. Even here.
Agnes saw Erin’s expression and hurried to reassure her.
“We don’t have that many guests, and I’m sure if you’re not feeling up to it—”
“I’m just a bit tired today. Um, I was wondering if I could have some eggs?”
“Of course! Why, you must be tired—Maran! Some eggs for Miss Erin please!”
The [Barmaid] glanced up from one of the tables and waved at Erin in acknowledgement. Soon, she was back with the eggs, and she and Agnes sat with Erin and talked. The inn wasn’t at all crowded and Safry was cooking whatever was needed in the kitchen while she served the tables as well.
Erin chewed the decent eggs with a bit of pepper and salt added for flavoring and chatted with Maran and Agnes. They didn’t have much to say, to be honest. Business was good—but Erin knew that. Maran was dating another guy, a young [Cook] whom Agnes wanted to lure to the inn, but Maran wasn’t even sure if they were serious about each other—soon enough, Erin felt compelled to bring up the issue on her minds.
“Hey, I’ve been wondering…what do you guys do for fun?”
The two women exchanged a surprised glance.
“Well, what do you mean, Erin? If you’re asking about fun things to do on a date—Maran would know more about that.”
Erin shook her head.
