3.15
Page 13
“You live pretty close to Liscor. I’d have thought more than one or two Drakes would live in cities, even Humans ones.”
“Well…people don’t like Drakes here. And I’ve heard that most Drakes don’t like Humans.”
Jasi looked uncomfortable as she spoke. She’d apologized a hundred times to Erin, but she was still clearly afraid Erin would go ballistic over Grev’s crimes, or, Erin realized, her being a Drake. She tried to reassure the young…woman.
“Don’t worry—I don’t mind Drakes. In fact, I live in Liscor where there are tons of them!”
“Liscor?”
Both Grev and Jasi exclaimed at the same time. Jasi looked at Erin with wide eyes.
“Really? But I heard Humans don’t live there. Unless—are you an adventurer, Miss?”
“Nope.”
“She is!”
Grev called out from one corner of the room. He was standing—as sitting would be very hard with his sore backside. He flinched when Erin and Jasi looked at him. But he piped up with the determination to be proved right.
“I saw her! She beat three big men by herself! She punched one of them so hard she broke his nose!”
“And whose fault is it she had to fight you stupid—”
Jasi raised her voice and nearly got up before Erin stopped her. She was all for punishing Grev, but he’d had enough, at least in her opinion.
“I’m not an adventurer. I’m an [Innkeeper]. I have an inn in Liscor and I happen to have a few combat Skills.”
“Oh.”
“Did you come from Liscor?”
Jasi suddenly turned red, the scales around her face actually turning a lighter pink rather than darkening.
“Who me? No—I’ve actually never been to Liscor. Or…or anywhere with other Drakes, really.”
“What? Then how…?”
“It’s a long story, Miss.”
It came out as the cup of water in front of Erin slowly stopped steaming and went cold. It was cold in Jasi’s house, and it was her house. Erin had figured out some of the story just seeing how Jasi and Grev interacted, but the rest fell into place quickly enough.
Jasi was adopted. Or more accurately, she was a child that had been abandoned and found and raised by a Human father and mother. She’d lived in Celum all her life, but that life hadn’t been kind to her. Her parents—who’d taken care of her and taught her to live among Humans and then had Grev—had split up unhappily. The mother found another man, the father just…disappeared one day.
It was a sad story, the kind Erin had heard many times in her world. But to hear it here—was disheartening. But what Erin could admire throughout it was Jasi. She’d kept going even when her parents had gone. She’d found work, as a [Washer] although she only had a handful of levels, and she’d earned enough coin for her and Grev to survive.
The catch was that she couldn’t look after Grev and earn money at the same time. The street had raised him, and what Grev had learned was how to steal, and how to lure innocent people into ambushes. Jasi had known about the first part and done her best to stop that, but she hadn’t known about the muggings.
When Erin gave her the full recounting of what Grev had done when she’d first met him—and after she’d stopped threatening to bite Grev’s hands off, Jasi got down on her hands and knees and begged Erin for mercy.
“I swear to you, I’ll never let it happen again. Please don’t report him. He’s the only family I have left.”
What could Erin do but agree? Jasi made Grev apologize a hundred times, and promised to keep a better watch over him, but all Erin could wonder was when he’d be caught next, and what would happen then.
