3.16
Page 12
That was what Wesle kept repeating when Erin was done with cleaning up her accident. He sat at a table, staring at Erin.
“What strange way of speaking was that? It sounded grand and yet—it rhymed. I’ve never heard anything like it.”
Erin sat at another table, trying to explain. Now she had all the attention on the room on her—not just attention, but fierce interest. It was like the crepes, like the new music all over again. Erin felt it. Here was something new, and it captivated the people of this world.
“That’s a play. Some of them rhyme. It’s called iambic pentameter.”
“And what’s that? Iambic…? Is it a Skill?”
“No, it’s a way of speaking. Anyone can do it. It’s—well, it’s just a style. But it sounds good, doesn’t it?”
“It does.”
Both Jasi and Wesle nodded in agreement. Erin smiled.
“That’s a play. Actually, that’s not even it. What I just said, I’d say to the crowd before the actual play started. To understand a real play—you’d have to see it done with multiple actors on stage.”
“I wish I could see that. It sounds—interesting.”
Erin wished she could see that too. To see a movie, or a play—even one of the classics from her world like The Wizard of Oz would be…
Impossible. She sighed. But then Erin sat up. She stared at the female Drake sitting in front of her, eyes alight with interest, and the human male sitting next to her, fuzzy lipped and full of life.
And Erin had an obvious idea. She smiled widely, and looked at the two while Grev peeked at her from the kitchen.
“Well, why not? Would you two like to put on a play by yourselves?”
“Us?”
The two exchanged a glance. But Erin knew that they would say ‘yes’ before they even nodded.
 
—-
 
It was a play. A new thing for this world, or maybe an ordinary thing made new. It was supposed to be grand and special. But—as Erin sat at her table, she realized that recreating a play wasn’t exactly the same as making crepes or playing a song on an iPhone.
What did she have? She had a perfect recall of the play Romeo and Juliet. That was a plus. And she had three willing people who wanted to experience a play. Another big plus. And they even had a place to practice. All of this should theoretically translate into a play.
But they’d hit upon a problem. And it was a rather big one. Wesle sighed as he pointed his sword at Grev from the center of the room. Grev held the scabbard in his hands, pretending it was a sword of his own. Both looked awkward, and were visibly hesitating.
“Don’t hesitate! Just say your lines!”
Erin called out to them from her director’s seat. She’d pushed back all the tables to the walls to give them room to perform in, and she was sitting with Jasi at a table. But the two actors still looked uncomfortable.
“I don’t know if I understand how it should go.”
“I explained it to you. Just give it a shot!”
Erin called out encouragingly to Wesle as he hesitated. He frowned, nodding and mouthing his lines silently. Grev held his scabbard up, doing the same thing.
They were reenacting a fight scene between Romeo and Paris, because Grev had wanted to try acting as well. Of course, Paris wasn’t supposed to be a little boy, but it was as close as Erin could do. And it was a dramatic scene! They were fighting right before Paris was slain and Romeo killed himself. It should have been a powerful moment that needed no direction.
But—
But Erin had begun to realize the error in using Romeo and Juliet as her introduction to plays. It hadn’t seemed like a mistake before, but it was becoming more and more obvious to her as time wore on.
