3.16
Page 15
Suddenly, he advanced on her, trying to put an arm around her waist. Jasi pulled back, but then stepped forwards. She grabbed Wesle’s shirt, and he yelped a bit in surprise.
Romeo and Juliet stood together, youthful, full of passion. Juliet, tail thrashing the ground, pulled Romeo closer to her, her eyes alight with passion.
“Tempt not a desperate Drake, Human.”
Erin covered her mouth, whispering the words to herself in shocked glee.
“That’s not in the script!”
But this was more than the script. Erin watched Wesle pull back, full of—of condescending hauteur, but also deep interest. They exchanged more lines, and then Romeo knelt, catching at Juliet’s hand again.
“I fear your hand is too noble for mine to ever touch. But I have two blushing balms to offer you, my lips—to smooth your rough scales with a tender kiss.”
Juliet laughed, pulling back and mocking him with her own words.
“I feel you do your hands too much discredit, sir. For after all, balms touch even [Queens] and [Ladies] – and if two hands should touch, well that too is like a kiss.”
Filled with consternation, Romeo stood up again, gesturing helplessly at Juliet’s face.
“Do not [Queens] and [Ladies] have lips to kiss with?”
“Of course they do. But balm is not meant for lips.”
She laughed at him, but Romeo was too caught up. He approached, and caught hold of her shoulders, speaking urgently.
“Then let us have lips do what hands do! Please, grant me this—answer my request, or let my hope become despair.”
Even as close as they were, Juliet found the wherewithal to turn her head away and up. Her tail twined about a chair leg, gripping it tightly.
“I’m afraid [Ladies] have no hopes to give. Only laws to make.”
“Then do not move as I act out my hope—”
The audience’s jaws dropped as Romeo kissed Juliet once in passion. He whispered the words as she stared at him in shock and something more.
“Now then, the crime of my assaulting a [Lady] rests on your lips, not mine.”
She smiled, tremulously, still holding on to a [Lady]’s dignity even in this moment.
“Oh? My lips bear your crimes now, do they?”
Romeo’s voice was rough.
“Your lips would turn an honest man to crime with their sweetness. Give me my crime back.”
They kissed again. Only this time, Juliet met Romeo halfway. It was a passionate kiss—and frankly, one that Erin thought Grev should not be watching.
On stage, Erin watched as Wesle and Jasi locked lips, and then continued the scene, slightly breathless but still in character. She had no idea if this was an act or if they’d be jumping each other soon.
No—this was part of the act. They were lost in the characters. And even as Erin watched, Romeo and Juliet came to life before her eyes, not Capulet and Montague, but Human and Drake, caught in forbidden interspecies love.
Erin held her breath as the two continued to act. Her eyes were locked on the performance, trying to capture every second of it before it slipped away. This wasn’t an [Immortal Moment]. Time didn’t stop here; because this wasn’t her scene. She was only part of the audience, a witness to the drama.
How could people act like this so naturally? Maybe it was because they had nothing to cling to. There was no ego in the way they held each other, only two lost lovers daring fate to be together.
The two who stood on the small stage in the inn were playing out roles bigger than themselves. For a little while, they were not Wesle the low-level [Guardsman] and Jasi the impoverished Drake working as a [Washer]. They were Romeo and Juliet, and their story was legend.
