3.16
Page 4
Agnes smiled blandly at Erin. There was definitely a current of tension running between the two [Innkeepers] now, or so Erin felt. No—she wasn’t imagining it. She was annoyed at Agnes, and the same held true of the other woman. They were clashing over the issue of Jasi, and it was making Erin uncharacteristically upset.
“I think a few days of feeling things out would do young Jasi some good, Erin.”
“Really?”
“It helped me. I didn’t know I’d be an [Innkeeper] when I was young. But when I met Jerom, well, things have a way of working themselves out. We don’t all get to choose what class we level in, now do we? You told me you earned your [Innkeeper] class by accident as well. Maybe Jasi will find her class as she tries things out.”
Erin narrowed her eyes. Being an [Innkeeper] certainly hadn’t been her choice, but she’d been forced into it out of the need to survive, and because she’d liked it.
“I don’t know. I think we should consider more classes. There are tons more than just…those ones you mentioned.”
Miss Agnes lost her smile. She sounded exasperated as she spread her hands out on the table.
“The girl—the Drake—doesn’t have any particular skills, Erin. Why not let her work a few odd jobs? She seemed to be doing well for herself as a [Washer] before you came along.”
Jasi shrunk back in her seat, but Erin didn’t bat an eye at the criticism.
“If you mean she was alive, yeah, she was. But I had to buy a healing potion for her hands. That’s not doing okay, Miss Agnes.”
The woman wavered. She glanced around the mostly empty room and realized their argument had attracted a few casual eyes. Safry immediately turned and started bussing a few more tables. Miss Agnes eyed the new customers and changed the subject.
“We’ve got more customers, I see.”
“So we do.”
Erin folded her arms. Miss Agnes waffled on, glancing meaningfully at Erin.
“Late morning breakfasters, I’ll warrant. There’s always one or two…a good [Innkeeper] prepares for them, but I suppose it was quite a crowd that came in this morning. But here we are, and I know they’re hungry. It would be a shame to turn them away, don’t you think?”
A scowl was the only reply she got. Erin sat in her chair, unwilling to move. She glanced at the customers, and then smiled.
“Why don’t you cook for them?”
“Me?”
Agnes blinked.
“But I—well, I don’t have any Skills in cooking like you do, Erin dear.”
“But this is your inn. And I’m tired. So—you cook. Or you could turn them away. But I think I’m going to help Jasi some more.”
So saying, Erin turned her back on Agnes and looked at Jasi. After a few seconds she heard Agnes walk briskly away.
“Safry! Ask our customers what they’d like to eat.”
Erin smiled at Jasi, who looked somewhat pale.
“I don’t want to be a bother, Miss Erin, I really don’t. I’d be more than happy to apprentice at any job for a while. If I got a few levels—why, I’d probably be able to make do from there.”
The young woman sitting across from her smiled and shook her head slowly.
“That’s true. But I want to find something that you like to do, not something that you have to do. Agnes is wrong. You should try and find something you want to do.”
Jasi paused.
“Thank you, Miss Erin.”
For the first time this morning, Erin gave her a genuine smile.
“Call me Erin. Just Erin. Now, have you ever tried running around? I have a friend who does that all the time, and she says the pay is good…”
 
—-
 
