3.16
Page 8
“I just don’t—I know we could find you a decent job, Jasi. But that’s not what you should want, y’know?”
Jasi exchanged a glance with Wesle.
“I don’t know, Miss Erin. What do you mean?”
Erin didn’t really know herself. She tried to explain as she slumped lower in her seat.
“It’s just…we’re talking about your future here. And you’re happy to get an okay job, I get that. But—don’t you want to be rich or famous? Don’t you have anything you want to do, anything special?”
She looked hopefully at Jasi, but just got a confused shake of the head in return.
“All I’ve ever wanted was to keep myself fed and clothed, Miss Erin. That’s all.”
The Drake had no idea how depressed that made Erin. How could she not want to do something special? But Jasi had been poor. Her dreams were real and urgent.
“You never wanted to be famous? Or live an exciting life?”
When she’d been younger, Erin had dreamed of being a astronaut. Then, when she’d been slightly older she’d wanted to be a legendary chess player, someone who could beat even a computer in chess. And then…she’d wanted to be a chess commentator, someone with a huge following or even a YouTube channel. Her dreams weren’t huge, true—most people didn’t even know chess commentary was an actual job. But they were big to Erin.
Jasi didn’t even have her own hopes and dreams. Erin looked at Grev.
“Don’t you want to be someone special?”
“Me?”
The young boy looked confused and slightly scared as Erin pointed at him. She nodded.
“Yeah, you. If you could have any class—do anything—what would you do?”
“I’d—I’d be a famous adventurer! A Gold-rank—no, a Named Adventurer! And I’d have a flaming sword and slay Dragons.”
Grev’s face immediately lit up, but Jasi only shook her head, looking upset.
“Please, Miss Erin. Don’t encourage Grev.”
“Why not?”
Erin glared at Jasi, making the Drake shrink back.
“Dreams are good! Important! If you could do anything, what would you do, Jasi?”
The Drake hesitated, and bit at her lip. Reluctantly, she replied.
“I suppose if I could I’d like to learn a craft and start a small business for myself—but even that’s a far-off dream, Miss Erin.”
She didn’t quite deserve the dead gaze Erin gave her. Jasi just shrugged helplessly.
“It’s all I can think of. If I could have anything—I guess I’d wish to be rich? Rich enough that I never have to work?”
“Really? That’s boring too!”
Erin threw her hands up helplessly. Why were Jasi’s ambitions so small? Why was she so upset? But it was just—
Boring. The same word again.
“Wesle!”
The man jumped.
“Yes, Erin?”
“What’s your dream?”
He hesitated and turned slightly red. But the look in Erin’s eyes didn’t give him any wiggle room. Clearing his throat several times, Wesle blushingly replied.
“I wanted to be an adventurer too. But—”
His hand fell back on his sword hilt helplessly. Wesle squeezed his eyes for a second.
“—But I’m afraid I can’t be one. I’m not a born fighter like they are, Miss Erin. I can handle myself, but I’m not brave enough to go searching for evil to fight.”
Wesle closed his eyes. He stared past Erin, at something in the distance. His voice softened, and his hand clenched around the mug on this table.
“If I could, I should have liked to have been a [Knight]. I would have loved to fight monsters and defend people by slaying creatures. And—yes, wielding a flaming sword. Or one that can cut through steel, at least.”
His eyes refocused, and he coughed, turning beet-red. He looked afraid, as if he was sure the others in the room would laugh at him. But no one did.
