3.16
Page 3
It wasn’t enough. It still wasn’t enough. Erin could see someone like Agnes listening to the latest hot song of the year being played on the lute—or delighting over some new recipe and selling it at her inn. But was that all she’d ever do? Just stuff her face and listen to a new tune now and then?
No. That was so boring it hurt. There had to be more to life! People weren’t machines—Erin refused to believe that leveling up like machines every day and working without any fun was how this world should be.
That was why when she walked back out of the kitchen and saw that the inn had mostly cleared, Erin was determined to find Jasi a job that wouldn’t crush the Drake’s soul. She’d already accepted that Jasi wouldn’t be a [Barmaid]—at least not at Agnes’ inn. If the woman didn’t want her here, then that was that.
But Erin could always bring Jasi to Liscor. It wasn’t the best option, but Erin kept it as a reserve idea. She walked over to the exhausted Agnes, who’d taken a seat at the table to rest her legs, and smiled brightly.
“Alright! Breakfast’s done. Let’s find Jasi a cool class.”
Agnes only smiled weakly at Erin.
“Oh. Very good, dear.”
 
—-
 
How did one find a class? It was such an odd question to Erin—was it like getting a job in her world, or did someone just decide to become a [Thief] and start stealing things?
As it turned out, people in this world decided on classes in a very sensible manner. Once Miss Agnes had recovered, Erin found herself sitting at the table with her and Jasi as the older woman quizzed the Drake on her likes and dislikes.
“Do you sew? I should say—have you tried needlework? What about cooking? I hear your kind has a variety of…interesting treats.”
Likes, dislikes, and most importantly natural talent or aptitude went into choosing a class. Which made sense. No one wanted to be stuck with a class they were bad at, or one they hated. Jasi had taken the [Washer] class out of desperation, so Agnes and Erin’s job was to find something she’d like and be good at, and hopefully, earn enough to support herself and Grev with.
The problem was, Jasi didn’t seem to have any outstanding talents.
“I poke my scales more often than the cloth with needles. I would have sewn if I could—mending clothes earns a bit more coin than washing. But I couldn’t do it. The same goes for cooking—I can make a few things, but kneading dough is hard with claws.”
“Ooh. Yeah. That wouldn’t be so easy.”
Miss Agnes frowned slightly in vexation at Jasi, and partly at Erin. She was clearly irritable from having to play [Barmaid] so early.
“Have you ever thought about a combat class, dear? I know that’s a long shot, but…”
“I hate fighting.”
Jasi shook her head immediately, shuddering at the thought. Agnes nodded.
“Well, those classes are out, then.”
The older woman sighed. Jasi looked anxiously at her and Erin.
“I really don’t mind trying to learn to sew or cook. Or—I thought I could even learn a class like [Butcher] or [Receptionist]. I’m not picky. I’d try anything if I had the chance.”
“That’s the spirit!”
Agnes immediately brightened up at Jasi’s words.
“We could try you out in all of those professions. I have friends in various classes—it wouldn’t be too hard to talk them into giving you an apprenticeship. Why, in a day or two you’d probably find something you really shine at.”
Jasi nodded obediently, looking grateful for the opportunity, but Erin frowned.
“Willing doesn’t mean she likes it, Miss Agnes. Jasi should find a job—a class that suits her.”
“Yes, well, we don’t all know what we’ll be good at.”
