3.16
Page 6
Wesle nodded to her, trying to look dignified and failing to with bits of crepe on his weak mustache.
“I’ll overlook this today, but you should know your brother is on the thinnest of ice, Miss Jasi. If he keeps sneaking off again—”
Safry was passing by Erin with a used plate and utensils. Erin snatched the plate out of her hands and hurled one of the utensils in one motion. The spoon passed by Grev’s nose and bounced off one wall. He shouted in surprise and alarm, freezing as he tried to edge towards the door.
“Sit down.”
Erin’s glare magically sent Grev’s bottom back in the chair. He trembled as she waved the fork at him.
“You’ve caused enough trouble for your sister. Try and run off and I’ll throw the plate at you next time. And if that doesn’t work, I’ll take this fork and shove it—”
Erin paused. She glanced at Safry and Miss Agnes, both of whom were watching her with gaping mouths.
“What?”
Wesle coughed delicately.
“Was that [Unerring Throw], Miss Erin? It’s rare to see an [Innkeeper] with a combat Skill like that.”
“Oh.”
Erin just shrugged. She had a lot of odd Skills, or so she’d gathered. Probably because she’d actually had to fight for her life. They weren’t that useful in day-to-day life, but they were certainly handy when she wanted to terrorize young boys.
“Where were we? Oh yeah. Jasi’s class. Um…”
Erin sighed. Then she looked at Grev. He stared at her, white-faced.
“What about him? Can’t Grev get a class instead of running around and stealing things?”
Agnes snorted. She’d kept out of the discussion, but she eyed Grev skeptically now.
“The boy’s at the right age to be apprenticed to someone. But with his past misdeeds—I doubt anyone would want to take a risk on him. I’d advise Miss Jasi to say her goodbyes while she can—if the young thief hasn’t changed his ways after so many warnings, he won’t now.”
Jasi’s scales turned pale and Grev looked palely down at his empty plate. Erin glared at Miss Agnes.
“Don’t you have anything you can do, Miss Agnes?”
“Not at the moment, Miss Erin. I have no customers, as you may have noticed.”
“Then why don’t you leave your inn to me for a while?”
The woman paused.
“What?”
“I said, why don’t you leave? I’m perfectly capable of managing it, and I think you could use a break.”
“But I—this is my inn.”
Erin raised an eyebrow. She was royally annoyed with Miss Agnes’ attitude. How could she be so uncaring? So Erin took a page out of Ryoka’s book of meanness.
“It’s your inn, but I’m a better [Innkeeper]. You can take a break and leave things to me. You and Safry, for that matter.”
Both women gaped at Erin. But the young woman just flapped her hands at them.
“Shoo, shoo.”
Miss Agnes was staring hard at Erin, but she was the lower-level [Innkeeper], and Erin had stared down far more frightening things than a middle-aged woman with empathy issues. In the end, Miss Agnes haughtily adjusted her dress, not meeting Erin’s stare.
“I—suppose I could use some time to relax. Very well. Safry, you have the day off.”
“Yes, Miss Agnes.”
“I believe I’ll…go shopping. I’m sure Jerom would love a new decoration. Yes, I’ll do that. Thank you, Miss Erin.”
She walked out of the inn. Safry hesitated, and then followed her as Erin stared at her.
“Mnn.”
Erin stuck out her tongue after Miss Agnes and Safry had left. She felt bad but not-bad at the same time. It was the first time she’d ever been so mean to them, but—they’d been real jerks!
She turned and saw Wesle staring at her with a piece of crepe dangling from a fork. Jasi and Grev were also giving her fish-eyes.
“What? They were being rude.”
