3.16
Page 9
Instead, his words made Jasi take a breath. She stared out the window, hesitating, and then spoke.
“If I could? If I had nothing to worry about? Maybe, maybe I’d travel to Liscor. To other cities. I’d like to know what Drakes—my people are like. I’d like to see what lies beyond Celum’s walls.”
She’d never left the city? But there were people like that too. Even back home, Erin remembered people, old people, who’d never even left their home state. They’d never flown on a plane or bothered to drive more than a hundred miles from where they were born and would die. She’d never understood that, but then, Erin had travelled to other continents to play chess in tournaments when she was young.
Some days, it felt like Erin really was in a different world. Only, she was walking among aliens that wore human faces. She met people with small dreams, who were as small as insects. Sometimes. But then Erin looked deep into their souls and saw something familiar. Something she’d seen in a mirror when she was young.
Hope. Dreams.
Passion.
The man and Drake sitting at her table were very different, but they had the same look in their eyes. It wasn’t what Erin saw in Agnes’ pitying gaze, or Safry’s shrug. There was still something in Wesle’s expression, and Jasi’s eyes when she stared at the window. They had a spark there, of something real and alive. But it was fading, and Erin saw it flickering in Jasi’s resigned smile and the way Wesle shook his head when he talked about his past dreams.
They had hopes. They had ambitions. But it was buried so deep that they’d nearly forgotten about them. Erin touched her aching chest. And yet, what could you do? Octavia’s words echoed in her mind. If you weren’t willing to risk everything, what could you do?
Being an adventurer was a calling for the few, the insane and the brave and the desperate. But what else could people do if they didn’t want to work their entire lives? Octavia was right. There was no other way to live. Either you took a risk and died or became famous or—you worked hard and kept your head down.
“It’s not right.”
That was all Erin said. She sat at the table and clenched her hands. This wasn’t right. This was how the world was—how this world was. And she knew it was probably how the world had been, back in her world for thousands of years. But—
It wasn’t right. There was more to life. She knew that. She lived, she had lived in a world where anyone could be anything. That was what she’d been taught as a child. And maybe it wasn’t totally true, but it was that idea which people associated with her home country, with being an American. It was about equality, but it was also about hope.
Hope, and the faith that you could realize your dreams.
“Miss Erin?”
Erin looked up. Jasi and Wesle were looking at her. So was Grev.
“What?”
“You’ve been very quiet. Are you alright?”
“I am. It’s just—your world—your city—sort of sucks, guys.”
To Erin’s surprise, both Jasi and Wesle immediately frowned at her comment.
“I don’t know if that’s true.”
“Yeah. Celum isn’t perfect but—it’s just as good as Liscor.”
“Respectfully, Miss Erin, Celum is quite a good city to live in.”
Erin blinked at the force of their replies. Even Jasi was defending Celum. Why? Wesle’s normally amiable face looked quite upset as he stared challengingly at Erin.
“What makes you feel your home is that much better than Celum?”
“Where I come from—in the place where I used to be, people didn’t have so—so few options.”
Erin tried to explain to the indignant guardsman and Drake.
“We have plenty of options!”
