3.16
Page 14
Erin thought Wesle was trying for the real thing, but he couldn’t figure it out. She’d tried to show him, but acting wasn’t something he’d ever witnessed. All she could give him was her advice, and she had very little of that.
“Just do your best.”
“I am.”
Wesle clenched his fists as Jasi murmured her lines and practiced looking elegant. She really did seem to love the idea of the role.
“What’s wrong? Is it that you can’t figure out how to move?”
“No, it’s—I know it sounds silly, Erin, but I’m just not Romeo. I can’t be this grand hero in love. I’m just—Wesle. Just a [Guardsman], not a young [Lord].”
Wesle’s shoulders slumped. Erin looked at him, and understood a bit. She touched his shoulder and pulled him around.
“I know you’re not Romeo. But no one’s Romeo when they play him, Wesle. They become him.”
He looked at her, frustrated, helpless.
“How?”
Erin hesitated. She looked at Jasi, who was watching her anxiously, and at Grev. How could she explain acting to people who lived such small lives? Who didn’t have dreams? Who were beaten down by this stupid world and system they lived under?
Well…how else? Erin suddenly knew what to say. She looked back as Wesle, looked him right in the eyes.
“Haven’t you ever—ever wanted to be someone else? To be someone you’re not?”
Wesle hesitated, opened his mouth. Closed it. Grimaced.
“Of course.”
“Then that’s what you do. You don’t want to be someone else. For a little while, but a few moments—you become them. This is you, on stage, living out your dream.”
She pointed at Jasi, pointed at the stage, the empty bit of ground they’d cleared.
“This is your one chance. Forget about me, forget about the people watching you—you’re Romeo right now, a young nobleman who only has eyes for Juliet. You’re not Wesle. Wesle has a fuzzy mustache and he’s just a [Guardsman]. You’re Romeo. And you’re in love.”
Wesle stared at Erin, and she wondered if she’d failed. But then without a word he walked towards Jasi. The Drake was ready, and she called out even as Wesle strode towards her, back straight.
“What man art thou that thus bescreen’d in night so stumblest on my counsel?”
Wesle walked towards Jasi, and then knelt before her. Erin had thought that was appropriate for Romeo. He looked only a bit awkward as he stared up at Jasi imploringly. Still fake. But he was trying.
“By a name I know not how to tell thee who I am—”
Wesle stumbled over his words and bit his tongue. Erin winced. The language was just too hard! She was about to jump in, to tell him it was alright, when she saw something change.
The [Guardsman] kneeling in front of Jasi as the Drake tried to pretend she had a dress suddenly paused. He stopped, hesitated as he thought of his next lines, and then tossed away the script he had memorized. He rose, and took Jasi’s hand in his own. Startled, the Drake looked at him, but Wesle’s face was serious, his eyes intent on hers.
“My name, my very nature, dear [Lady], I hate myself—because it is an enemy to you. Had I my name and race written down, I would tear up like parchment.”
That wasn’t what Romeo was supposed to say! And yet—it was exactly what he was supposed to say! Erin held her breath delighted, as Jasi paused. She was thinking too, and suddenly there was a glint in her eyes. She pulled her hand free, staring haughtily at Wesle.
“You’ve not spoken a hundred words, but I already know that you are no Drake. Art thou not Romeo, a Human?”
He looked ashamed, and retreated a step before he bowed his head.
“I would be neither of those things, fair [Lady], if you dislike them. For you—I would be anything.”
