3.16
Page 16
So Erin sat and watched the play continue. Grev jumped in, all faulty lines and overenthusiastic acting, and she had to fill in multiple roles herself. It was far from a good play, but for those living each scene, it was special in itself. It was new. It was unique. It was…
A bit of culture. A timeless story, travelling from one world to the other. It wasn’t perfect—it wasn’t accurate to the script and it certainly wasn’t in iambic pentameter. But the spirit was there. It was in every line of dialogue, delivered with clumsy passion and all of each actor’s heart.
It was the stage. And it had come to Celum.
 
—-
 
Several hours later, Erin realized the play had to be performed. Even after Wesle and Jasi had collapsed tiredly into the chairs—that was just the start.
They needed actors, a set, and audience! When Erin suggested a live performance both man and Drake froze, but they said yes. She had a feeling they would have said yes even if it meant playing all the parts themselves.
But they wouldn’t be alone. Erin was sure of that. Grev had applauded the play—Grev, the boy who could barely sit in one place for long. And the story was compelling; it was a story for this world, especially given the real and pressing animosity between Drakes and Humans.
And it would be told. Erin was certain of that. She would make it happen.
The first thing they needed was a place to practice. And happily, they had the inn. They just needed to make sure they wouldn’t be interrupted, namely by Miss Agnes, who had come back full of affronted pride to help manage the lunch crowd.
“Lunch? Who has time for lunch!?”
Erin closed the door in Agnes’ face, only opening it again when the woman hammered on the door.
“You can’t just close the inn! Think of all the coin we’d lose!”
“Too bad! Today the inn’s closed! You said you had things to do, right? Well—do them!”
“How dare you! This is my inn and I—”
Erin opened the door and grabbed Miss Agnes’ hand. She pulled Agnes nose-to-nose with her. The woman stared into Erin’s intense, almost magic gaze.
“Get lost! We’re making art here!”
She ran. Erin had no time for her. She was too busy coordinating the play with the others.
“Who would want to act? We need male actors and female ones. And costumes! And a set! I mean, we can do without, but it looks better that way.”
“There aren’t any Drakes in the city, are there? We’d need some to play the Capulets…”
“No wait—there is one! The [Baker], Mister Hess who lives on Springbottom street! I could see him—explain—”
“What about other actors?”
Wesle was stroking his mustache furiously, on an adrenaline high from the performance.
“I’ll go to the Watch House. I’m sure there are plenty of men and women who’d love to try this. But how can I explain it to them?”
“Go together!”
Erin was practically bouncing with excitement. She’d grabbed her bag of coins and she was excitedly pushing gold ones into Grev’s hands.
“You two can do a scene from the play for them. And tell people we’ll perform it here! Tonight! Admission is free, and they can buy food and drink!”
She gave up on counting coins and dumped a handful of them in to Grev’s hands. The young boy stared at the glittering pile, poleaxed.
“I want costumes, Grev! Clothing for rich people, [Lords] and [Ladies]! And swords!”
“I think I can borrow weapons from the Watch House.”
“Okay, no swords! But get me clothing! And curtains! I want big, red ones! Doesn’t matter if you have to get them to sew it together—it’s going to hang up there and we’ll pull them aside for each scene!”
“What about ah, what did you call them? Props?”
“Props!”
