3.16
Page 13
At first glance, Shakespeare made sense. He was a famous guy—his works were classic! And yet—Erin had to admit, the language the famous Bard of Avalon used was…difficult at best.
“Go for it, Grev!”
“Okay!”
The boy spoke awkwardly, trying to force the lines of iambic pentameter into natural cadence.
 
“Condemned villain, I do apprehend thee:
Obey, and go with me; for thou must die.”
He pointed his scabbard at Wesle. The man took a step back and took a deep breath. Wesle cleared his throat and began reciting Romeo’s lines.
 
“I must indeed, and therefore came I hither.
Good gentle youth, tempt not a desperate man.
Fly hence and leave me. Think upon these gone.
Let them affright thee. I beseech thee, youth—I say, isn’t this rather long?”
 
Erin groaned and beside her, Jasi covered her face.
“Even if it’s long, say the lines! You’re supposed to!”
“I’m afraid I can’t remember them all!”
Grev sighed and lowered his tired arm as Wesle walked over to consult with Erin. She sighed too. This wasn’t working.
Romeo and Juliet. A timeless play, or so the critics said. Except that time was dragging on here and everyone was clearly growing more and more tired of the play as they fumbled on.
Erin blamed Shakespeare, or more accurately, his dialogue. It was impressive, yes. A woven script filled with a craftsman’s trickery with words. Even more impressive, it was in iambic pentameter, making each meter and verse doubly significant.
And that was the problem. It was dense. Now that Erin was recalling the full script, she realized how complex it was! Soliloquies, monologues, clever asides and tricks of dialogue…not to mention all the side characters!
For an audience who liked wit and humor, for an audience of Shakespeare’s time, it was great stuff, Erin had no doubt. But it wasn’t a story that captivated her heart—or her reluctant actor’s.
“Try again. You’re supposed to be enraged, in the middle of passion!”
“I can barely remember what to say.”
Wesle groaned. He tried again.
“Good gentle youth, tempt not a desperate man!”
Erin shook her head.
“No, no. It’s too awkward. You sound like you’re just reciting the words, not acting.”
“Well—”
Wesle threw up his hands, out of words. He stalked over to Grev and snatched his scabbard back. Erin ruffled her hair.
“Argh. Maybe—let’s try a Romeo and Juliet scene. I went over the play with you guys—you know how important their meeting on the balcony is. Let’s do that.”
Jasi nodded and stood up. Reluctantly, Wesle walked over to the other side of the room, and bowed his head.
He wasn’t liking this. That made Erin concerned. She went over to him.
“Hey. Are you not enjoying it?”
“I—don’t know, Miss Solstice. I don’t.”
Wesle just shrugged, looking both annoyed and disheartened.
“When you spoke the lines of the play I got chills, I truly did. But trying to make it into an actual play, to act it out—it’s a different thing entirely.”
Erin nodded. Her audience had listened to her go quickly through the entire play of Romeo and Juliet, drinking in the story like sponges. They’d even memorized entire lines of the play by rote—something Erin had thought was impossible! Apparently when you didn’t have a computer or iPhone handy, your ability to remember things you’d heard was a lot better.
They’d liked the play. But they didn’t like acting. Or rather, Wesle didn’t. Grev liked the mock swordfight and he’d hit Wesle several times with the scabbard, and Jasi had liked playing Juliet. But it was just play-acting, not the real thing.
