3.17 T
Page 12
And then it happened. She heard the voice in her mind as she slept that night, after she’d puked and wept and eaten again, letting the monster in her soul take over. She ate and ate and ate until her body was gorged on the flesh, eating until she thought she would burst. And then she’d heard the voice in her head.
 
[Rank 1 Horror – Corpse Eater.]
[Condition – Terrible Hunger Received.]
[Condition – Outcast Humanity Received.]
[Aspect – Body of the Eater Obtained.]
[Aspect – Rending Claws Obtained.]
 
[Florist Level 19 → Florist Level 16.]
[Skill – Aroma of Spring Lost.]
[Skill – Winter Growth Lost.]
 
She’d woken up and screamed. But the sound hadn’t been Human. And when she’d felt at her teeth suddenly sharp and pointed, her fingernails like razors and her face—she’d known.
She’d become a monster. She had damned herself and lost her humanity.
She was—
So hungry. So very, very hungry.
And there was food to eat everywhere now. So much food.
 
—-
 
Esthelm, in the darkness. It always seemed dark in Esthelm. The broken buildings and slanted walls created a labyrinth into which sound and light seemed to vanish. The bands of refugees and thugs who’d established themselves on the outside of the city had light, but it only served to enshroud the center of the city in more darkness.
The sewers had broken in places. In others, the flame had sent buildings tumbling into obscene heaps of death. Only the brave and truly desperate would go searching in these places, even among Esthelm’s survivors. Because even if they did not see anything, they knew dark things lurked in these places.
One of these dark things looked like a young woman. Perhaps. She had ragged long hair and her body was in the right shape. But clothing hung from her thin frame, and as she tore at something on the ground, other changes were clear. Her fingernails were sharp like knives. Her hands and face looked—wrong. And she was eating.
She crouched on the ground, tearing at something. She stuffed pieces into her face, rotting bits of…something. Something she still couldn’t put into words.
Because she’d lost them.
 
[Rank 2 Horror – Carrion Eater.]
[Condition – Wordless Thing Received.]
[Skill – Gaping Bite Obtained.]
 
[Florist Level 16 → Florist Level 12.]
[Skill – Quick Growth Lost.]
 
The more she ate, the worse it became. But now she was eating the rotting corpses, not just the burned dead. She was so hungry. Part of her wanted to puke, but she could only eat. It was all—
Delicious. Not like sweets or savory foods to make the mouth water, but something more primal. It was just food she tasted—food to fill the hole in her stomach. So she ate and bit, and chewed the bones.
Part of her wanted to die. But the rest was just hungry. She could stop herself for only a few seconds. And then her head would lower and she would feast.
The young woman pulled more of the corpse towards her. It had been a woman, once. A young woman, like her. The knowledge was a dagger in the girl’s heart, but she couldn’t stop. She bit once, and again, tearing off bits and pieces, feeling the flesh rip and stretch. Tears ran down her face, and she choked on bile and the foulness. But she swallowed and bit again.
So hungry. She was so hungry. And she had to eat. Had to. It was that or become one of the rotting bodies. She wanted to be dead, but she couldn’t figure out how.
The girl reached for the head of the half-devoured woman. And then she heard the scream.
“No!”
