3.20 T
Page 16
 
—-
 
This is the story of a monster. This is the story of monsters. For as Ylawes stood with his companions and the celebrating Humans, he heard a cry.
“Goblins!”
He turned, reaching exhausted for a sword, but called out when he saw the approaching Goblins. They’d been poised to run, but as Ylawes strode towards them they halted.
Arrows and spells were aimed at them but the Goblins just looked lost. Four were holding the body between them and the last just stared up at Ylawes as he approached. He halted when he saw the young woman’s body, the face he recognized.
“Is she…?”
The Goblin nodded. He stared up at Ylawes, and the adventurer looked down at the dead girl. Her face had been ravaged by famine, and dirt and filth had created a mask over her face. But she smiled. It was a simple expression, but it shone even in death, despite all she had endured.
Ylawes remembered seeing her before. He remembered a monster. But what he saw was a young woman, smiling upwards. Only that.
Slowly, the adventurer looked at the Goblins. They stared back at him. Silent.
“I saw your leader kill the Goblin commander.”
Silence.
“I saw your archer down the [Shamans]. Few Human [Archers] I know could do that.”
They just stared at him. Ylawes nodded at the Goblin in front.
“You slew the skeleton. Without that, we might have died before reinforcements could arrive.”
Slowly, the Goblins laid down the body of the Human girl on the ground. They ignored Ylawes completely. One of the Goblins with a bloody scalp slowly crossed the young woman’s arms over her chest. He hesitated, hand on hers. Then he turned away.
“May we never meet again.”
Ylawes called it at their backs. But the Goblins didn’t even acknowledge his presence. They just walked away.
 
—-
 
They found Grunter before they left. There wasn’t much of the Hob, but the Redfang warriors gathered around his corpse for a moment. Then they walked on.
They found Badarrow, laughing, shaking as he sat amid the arrows that had nearly killed him. Three arrows had found him, but the one meant for his chest had been horribly made. The glue had broken off and the arrowhead had barely penetrated his skin. He was still laughing about how he’d never hate another arrow when they found him.
Then Badarrow just bowed his head. He stood up and looked towards the body, but the other Humans were around her. The Redfang warriors slowly walked out of the city, avoiding the undead.
Silent.
This is a story of a band of Goblins, and how they left a city behind them as they walked out into the snow and darkness. They left behind their leader, over half their number and a Human girl in the city. And they left something as well. Perhaps it was a bit of their hearts.
This is the story of monsters. Of Goblins. But they had names.
Rabbiteater.
Bugear.
Numbtongue.
Shorthilt.
Badarrow.
Headscratcher.
This is their story. This is the story of how they found and left Esthelm, a city of the desperate, the dead, and those who struggled even in the darkness. This is their story. This is how it began.
 
—-
 
This is the story of a skeleton. He walked away from the city whose name he hadn’t even known, beaten. Defeated not just by swords and sorcery, but by something he didn’t even have a name for.
He walked away, not alone physically, but alone nevertheless. Thirteen zombies and a Ghoul walked with him, silent, unthinking. They were tools, that was all. And Toren realized that a tool was not enough. Killing was not enough.
