3.20 T
Page 5
“That’s what the barricades and I will have to equalize. Other than that, we can only hope that the people of Esthelm fight with all the courage they have today. If we can kill a good number of them, our enemy may disperse. They might have armor and some training, but they’re still low-level Goblins. At least, most of them are. In truth, it’s the undead that concern me most.”
“So many…”
“Yes. I was too late.”
Ylawes said it simply. He stared down at the streets.
“The Goblins will control them with [Shamans] and [Mages] if they can. Use them to fight. If we have to battle both undead and Goblins, we stand no chance.”
“If that happens—then what will we do?”
“Hold out. For as long as possible. Aid may arrive soon.”
“Are you sure?”
The man looked at him, wanting to believe. So did Ylawes. He reached for a belt pouch and pulled something out.
“I sent for help last night.”
He showed the adventurer a scroll with glowing letters etched onto the parchment. A message. And—underneath it, a reply had been written in terse, neat script.
“Help is coming. But I don’t know if it will come here in an hour or in days.”
“We don’t have days.”
They didn’t even have an hour. And both adventurers knew that. Ylawes looked to the horizon, and raised his voice.
“To arms! The Goblins are coming!”
The dark mass at the edge of the city limits was moving. On the walls, the Humans saw a dark tide of bodies surging into the city, and then heard rhythmic impacts.
Drumbeats. Not just one or two, but countless numbers of them, thudding impacts that made the defenders shake in fear.
The drumbeats were like thunder. And as Ylawes watched, the first wave of the Goblin army began pouring into the city. Some rode Shield Spiders—others horses. And at the head of the army—
“Undead. The [Shamans] are controlling them.”
He gritted his teeth. Was this the end? But it was only a few undead—barely a hundred. If that was all they could control, then—
There was a chance. Ylawes shouted as he ran down the barricade, to the one opening in their defenses. He would cut them down again and again. Create a point for them to throw all their fury into until there was nothing left.
“Man the barricades. We hold them at the choke points—force them back!”
The people of Esthelm shouted, and the Goblin drums pounded. Now the Goblins screamed, and their voices ran throughout the city. They met the adventurer wearing silver and the clash was like thunder. Goblins poured up the barricades, fighting the people on the walls. Archers from both sides filled the skies—
And the undead moved. They focused on the conflict like lightning. Zombies, ghouls, advancing like the tide. Goblins turned and fought the dead—[Shamans] struggled to control them, trying, failing in the face of so many. And the man in silver fought on, sword and shield flashing in the light.
The last battle for Esthelm had begun.
 
—-
 
He saw the man wearing silver armor. He saw the Goblins, seemingly numberless as they poured towards the wooden barricades, screaming warcries. And Toren felt happy.
War. Death. The Humans met the Goblins with a roar, clashing swords. In moments the first bodies began to fall.
And oh, how Toren longed to be among the fighting, sword in hand! But he had to be patient. He looked around, at the dead who surrounded him.
They were his kind. Thoughtless, yes, but Toren felt a connection to them he hadn’t a few days ago. He and they weren’t so different after all. They lived to fight and kill—
