3.21 L
Page 5
“This is quite a fine meal. Thank you.”
“You’re very welcome!”
Lyonette nearly sagged in relief. She hovered around Pawn as he picked up a fork. He paused, looked at her.
“Would you like to sit?”
“Oh!”
She was bothering him! Lyonette sat instantly, trying to smile and not be obtrusive as Pawn ate. The silence was…
After a few minutes Pawn spoke.
“It seems the inn is rather empty. Have you been receiving much custom, Miss Lyonette?”
“Me? No I—”
Lyonette paused. How could she tell the Antinium about crying in the inn, counting the few copper and two silver coins left? Eating the same horrible mush she cooked up every day? How could she?
How could she not?
“It’s been…hard since Erin—Miss Solstice left. No one visits.”
“That is troublesome. I hope my business can help.”
“It will! I just wish there were a lot more people like—like you!”
“Thank you for the compliment.”
“You’re…welcome.”
More silence. Lyonette looked at Pawn, realizing this was the first time she’d ever been so close to one of the hateful Antinium, the terrors of Rhir. He looked so…normal for some reason.
“Um.”
“Yes?”
“How’s it going in the Hive? With the other Antinium, I mean?”
The Worker seemed to pause for a few seconds.
“It is…going well. There are some difficulties, but the Hive is well.”
“Good.”
“Yes.”
Lyonette sat with the Worker, refilling his glass, drinking some water herself. They didn’t talk much while he ate his way through the plate of greasy eggs and bacon. When he left, he paid her well. Lyonette stared at the bronze coins and smiled tremulously. Then she cried again.
 
—-
 
Pawn left The Wandering Inn in good spirits. The brief respite and dinner made for a world of difference. Suddenly, he felt happy again.
The inn. Sitting there and talking—well, it wasn’t the same, but the Human girl had been decent company and the food had been far better than the mush in the Hive.
A good night. A good evening. That was what it was. Pawn walked back down the hill, staring up at the clear night sky as he did. The air was cold around him, but he enjoyed the biting chill and the crisp crunching sound the snow made under his feet.
The stars. Oh, how the stars shone. Yellow and red some of them, but green and purple others, shining bright, shining faintly, some flickering behind the occasional cloud. And the two moons were beautiful as well.
A sky full of wonders, a landscape full of snow and silence. Warm belly, good conversation. Pawn felt alive again. This was what he’d missed.
How wonderful. How…Pawn stopped in the snow, struck by a sudden realization.
“This is what I must show them.”
Yes. This. This night was like everything Pawn had experienced since meeting Erin, a small capsule of pure happiness. Of course, the inn was different, and it had been Erin, not Lyonette running it. But it had been the experiences of the inn which had made Pawn who he was. Klbkch desired new Individuals, but just teaching them chess wasn’t enough. Chess was only the method. It had been Erin who truly mattered.
And if she was gone, then it fell to Pawn to show the Soldiers the same world she had shown him. Pawn walked back to his Hive, his steps suddenly full of purpose. He needed to take his Soldiers outside. Outside of their Hive where everything was the same.
