3.21 L
Page 7
But she had no other choice. Lyonette sat in the dark in, her heart pounding. She stared at the door. Every night she’d had the same thought, and every night she’d been too afraid. For two nights now. Ever since Pawn.
But he’d come back. He would come back. And she was out of options.
Lyonette sat in the darkness. She wavered. She found a wheelbarrow and filled it with firewood and kindling. She made a torch and wavered by the door. She rushed to the outhouse to pee, and then throw up. Then she pushed the wheelbarrow out into the cold and dark, four huge jars balanced atop the wood, and Erin’s sharpest knife hung at her belt.
 
—-
 
“Watch Captain Zevara, may I have a moment of your time?”
If it had been anyone else, Watch Captain Zevara would have told them it was late and to bother her again the next day. If it had been Relc asking whether he could take the day off, she would have burnt his face-scales off.
But because it was Klbkch, Zevara just sighed and resigned herself to a late night.
“Come in, Klbkch. Is something the matter?”
Senior Guardsman Klbkch entered the room, nodding politely at Zevara. He was always polite, and efficient, something she admired about him even if he was an Ant.
“I regret taking up your time before you go off-duty. However, I am here to make an…unusual request. And I must inform you that I do not come here in my capacity as Senior Guardsman, but rather as Prognugator of my Hive.”
That made Zevara instantly sit up in her straight-backed wooden chair.
“Go on. Is there trouble in the Hive? An…Aberration?”
“Nothing so pressing.”
Gracefully, Klbkch took a seat in front of Zevara. She eyed him, and his new…form. It still unnerved her a bit that after nearly ten years, he could suddenly look so different. True, two arms and a slimmer body wasn’t exactly that different, but it was just…odd. Another reminder of who he really was, and why she had to treat him and any such conversations with care.
“Well, I am always willing to discuss your Hive. Is there something you need?”
Klbkch nodded.
“Yes. I would like to request that forty Soldiers be allowed access to the surface and area around Liscor.”
Zevara froze again. She kept none of her emotions on her face, though, and pretended to cough.
“That’s an…unusual request.”
“Indeed. I would not normally ask, but I believe the need is justified and according to our treaty, Soldiers may only leave the Hive in times of war, or—”
“At the request of the Watch Captain.”
Zevara nodded. She sat back in her chair, eyeing Klbkch cautiously.
“I see. And may I ask why you want to take your Soldiers out of the city? You’ve never requested something like this before, not in the six years I’ve served as Captain.”
“Times have changed. I believe it may be useful to my Hive to present my Soldiers with an…expanded view of the area around Liscor.”
That made no sense to Zevara, but few things the Antinium did made sense. She shrugged, trying to keep her tail still. She knew that Klbkch watched Drakes’ tails and could interpret their movements almost as well as a Drake.
“I don’t see any reason why I should refuse your request. Only—wouldn’t taking so many Soldiers out of the Hive be dangerous? Of the six hundred Soldiers permitted to your Hive, wouldn’t forty be quite a large number?”
“I believe we shall be able to compensate for their lack. In truth, our numbers are slightly below six hundred at the moment, but Liscor is a consummate ally, so I see no reason to worry.”
Klbkch’s face didn’t change. Neither did Zevara’s as she nodded at that barefaced lie.
