3.21 L
Page 8
“Well, reassuring as you find us, I’m afraid Liscor’s citizens might get a bit…nervous when they see Soldiers marching about. What would I tell them?”
“Perhaps that the Soldiers are patrolling to deal with any Goblin warbands in the area? I am cognizant that the citizens are restless due to the presence of the dungeon as well as rumors of the Goblin Lord. Seeing them patrolling might reassure the citizens of Liscor.”
That was a good answer, and even a helpful one for Zevara. She nodded reluctantly.
“Well, I see no reason to object—only, I’d hate for them to start a panic if they marched down the street. But then, I’m sure you can be discreet and find…alternate ways out of the city that won’t panic anyone.”
Through the secret tunnels the Antinium have dug. That was what she meant, but both she and Klbkch knew he would never admit anything.
“They will not be seen within Liscor if at all possible. Soldiers can be very discreet.”
Zevara nearly snorted fire out her nose. She searched for another question to ask—or something else to bother Klbkch with, but she really couldn’t think of anything. Forty Soldiers killing monsters would be helpful, and it was hardly likely that they’d start a panic. Ten years ago when the Hive was first established, maybe. But now…
“Well—fine. I, Watch Captain Zevara, grant you permission and request that twenty Soldiers aid in patrolling around the city. Twenty, for now. We’ll scale up the patrols if there’s not a panic.”
Klbkch inclined his head towards her.
“I am very grateful for your time, Watch Captain.”
“Yes, yes. Just make sure they don’t scare any travelers on the main road or run into any Human adventurers. Those idiots would probably pick a fight and that’s the last thing I want to explain to one of the Human cities.”
“I shall instruct them to remain far away from the northern road.”
“Good.”
“Well then, good night, Watch Captain.”
“Night, Klbkch.”
Zevara waited until Klbkch was gone, marching smartly down the stairs. Then she shook her head and reached for a desk drawer she seldom opened. She yanked the handle, cursed, found the small key she carried at all times, and unlocked it. A blank piece of parchment lay on it. Zevara sighed, and began to write down every detail of her encounter with Klbkch. A report. She’d have to make copies, send them to every Walled City—which of course meant a trip down to the Mage’s Guild at this time of night! Zevara groaned. She’d be getting to her bed past midnight, she knew.
As she began to write, Zevara muttered to herself.
“Take the Soldiers out? Why?”
But of course she never got any answers. Like all the reports she’d made on the Antinium’s movements, she only had questions. Questions…
Like whether or not the Antinium were really their enemies. At least, the ones in Liscor. And if they were—
What could be done about them? Only the scratching of her quill on parchment was Zevara’s reply.
 
—-
 
Lyonette was not in her bed. In fact, she was as far from it as she’d gone in the last month. She trudged through the snow, fighting to push the wheelbarrow through the snow and ice. She wished she still had Erin’s sled. But it was gone, with her.
Of course, the effort of pushing the wheelbarrow was only one of Lyonette’s concerns. The numbing cold, the intense darkness, and not least, the pants-wetting fear in her heart were high priorities too.
