3.21 L
Page 3
Just that one word made Pawn’s insides knot up. He hadn’t even known they could do that, but then, he’d seldom felt…trepidation before. But Klbkch scared him, and every time they met, Pawn couldn’t help but feel like he was doing everything wrong.
A feeling which was reinforced by Klbkch’s next words. The Revalantor stopped in front of him.
“Did you give your Soldiers orders this morning?”
Pawn cringed a bit. Was he not supposed to?
“Yes I did. Was anything—”
“They went back to their barracks and began to rest. They remained in the barracks when another shift came to rest, causing a delay.”
Oh no. Pawn’s insides twisted further, and he saw both Belgrade and Anand pause in playing chess. How could he have forgotten? The Antinium had no personal quarters—rather, they slept and worked and ate at allotted times, in shifts. When one shift slept, another one would work, and then the sleeping shift would switch with another one.
That was the most efficient use of resources and it meant places like the barracks could be used at all times. Pawn had—he’d ordered his Soldiers to take up the space meant for other exhausted Soldiers ending their shift!
The Antinium couldn’t blush, but Pawn lowered his head and antennae. He’d already messed up. And it was such a stupid mistake to make too!
“Forgive me, Revalantor Klbkch. I did not consider that when I gave my orders to the Soldiers. I am terribly—”
“I have taken care of it. Your Soldiers are being stationed in safe locations on protective detail. In the future do not make the same mistake.”
Klbkch’s voice was flat. He turned to go. Pawn looked at his back despairingly and called out.
“Revalantor Klbkch.”
The Antinium turned. He was graceful, deadly. He walked as if the two swords by his side were meant for him, and he never looked uncertain. How Pawn envied him.
“What is it, Pawn?”
“What should I do with the Soldiers under my command? Am I to lead them into battle?”
“No. You have only a single Skill in the [Tactician] class and you are too valuable to risk in battle. Moreover, the Soldiers are wounded. Your command over them is experimental.”
“Then—what purpose will we serve?”
Klbkch paused. He looked Pawn straight in the eye.
“I do not know. Surprise me. Or pray for an idea. That is your Skill, is it not?”
He turned and left. Belgrade and Anand stopped their game and watched him go. After a while, the other Workers walked back and resumed watching their game. Belgrade paused.
“I am unsure as to what you should do, Pawn. I regret that Erin is not here to aid you.”
“Indeed. I dislike Revalantor Klbkch’s requirements of you, and the Revalantor himself if it comes to that. Checkmate.”
Anand placed his queen and created an excellent checkmate. Belgrade nodded. He looked at the other [Tactician].
“I am extremely upset, Anand. I demand a rematch.”
“I accept.”
Pawn left them to it. Well, he had his answer. He was supposed to do something with the Soldiers—only, even Klbkch had no idea what. Wonderful.
That was how, terribly depressed, Pawn found himself walking through Liscor that evening. He was still free to leave the Hive, and so he walked among the Drakes and Gnolls, feeling the cold wind on his carapace.
No one paid any attention to him. Normally, they might, if only to look scared and walk away from him. But today Pawn was more invisible than anything else. Oh, people noticed him, but he was now simply another person in the crowd, rather than a Worker, an Antinium.
