3.21 L
Page 2
The Antinium also didn’t do much small talk. Belgrade and Anand paused for a moment. Then Belgrade tipped over his king.
“I cannot win this match. Another round?”
“Yes.”
The two reset the board, moving pieces with amazing synchronization. Pawn waited patiently. The game began with a classic King’s Gambit Accepted opening before Anand spoke.
“My experience with leading Soldiers occurs mainly in embattled tunnels and areas of the Hive in which conflict occurs. I direct their movements, reinforce them with Skills, and order retreats and designate targets as necessary.”
“That is my experience as well.”
Belgrade nodded. He placed a knight on the board delicately and stopped. Pawn had observed that Belgrade liked using knight pieces to open with.
“I have supervised Soldiers aiding in digging and construction at times. But Workers are more suited to those tasks. Patrolling, fighting, guarding, and scouting are the only roles I have seen them fulfill.”
Pawn felt his antennae droop. But he hadn’t really expected anything else.
“I see. And you have not ever seen them do anything for—for entertainment?”
Both of the other Workers paused and turned to Pawn. He knew they were surprised. If they had eyebrows, they would have been raising them.
“The Antinium have no entertainment.”
“Nor any other form of leisurely activity. This game of chess is as close as we have to it.”
“I know. It is just—I wish to give the Soldiers something more. You are aware of the details surrounding their injuries?”
“I am.”
“It was your fault, correct?”
Pawn nodded at Anand, acknowledging the truth.
“Yes. I regret my stupidity. And yet, I must now lead them. But I am no leader, no [Tactician] as you two are. You have continued to level. May I ask what level you are now?”
“Fifteen.”
Belgrade adjusted a piece on the crude board, meticulously centering it in the square before he moved it.
“Sixteen.”
Anand waited until the piece had moved to swiftly take it with a bishop. Belgrade made no audible response, but Pawn knew he was annoyed at making such a simple mistake.
“I am now a Level 6 [Acolyte].”
“Indeed? Congratulations are in order for such swift advancement.”
Belgrade and Anand turned. Both nodded at Pawn. He nodded back, feeling happy for their praise.
“It is just that I fail to see how my class can help the Soldiers. I barely know what to do with myself.”
“Perhaps Revalantor Klbkch sees something in you that cannot be defined by your class.”
Anand speculated as Belgrade attempted to regain lost ground. Pawn nodded slowly. He looked around at the other Workers.
They just stared at the board. He knew they were listening, but the other Workers—Individuals and Workers groomed to be Individuals—they had no spark. Not like Belgrade, Anand, Garry, and Bird. Those four Workers had what Pawn considered personality. The other Workers in the room were more like statues.
Soulless.
That was the word for it. It disturbed Pawn, although he couldn’t say why. Were the Soldiers like that? In a way, yes. Both they and the Workers kept their feelings, their true selves on the inside, if they even had a self at all. What could Pawn do for them, besides send them to die? What could he—?
“Pawn. Revalantor Klbkch approaches.”
Belgrade looked up and Pawn turned in his seat. The other Workers standing around the board scattered to make lots of room for the slim, unique Antinium as he marched quickly towards Pawn.
“Pawn.”
