3.22 L
Page 5
It took less than a minute before the ground was covered with the…relatively ungory remains of the Snow Golems. Honestly, it just looked like a messed up patch of snow. The Soldiers marched back towards Pawn and he stared at them. They were covered in melted snow, and one of the Soldiers had a carrot in his hand. He offered it to Pawn.
“Oh. Thank you.”
Pawn took it, and then stared at the carrot. Why had the Soldier grabbed it? Then he remembered. Standard practice for the Antinium was to collect the remains of whatever they killed and turn it into food, much as the Goblins did. This being the only remotely edible thing the Snow Golems left behind…
“You can eat this, you know.”
The Soldier stared at Pawn blankly. The Worker handed it to him.
“Go on. It’s a bit cold, but it’s edible.”
And probably, far tastier than it would be when mushed with a thousand other bits of food for the gruel the Soldiers normally ate. Encouragingly, the Worker mimed eating it. The Soldier held the carrot up, seemed to hesitate, and then crunched into the carrot.
All of the Soldiers and Pawn watched as the expressionless Soldier ate the carrot. It took three bites, and when it was done, the Soldier stood at attention.
Pawn sighed. Well, what had he expected? He shook his head.
“I suppose…good job, everyone. Those Snow Golems…won’t be throwing snow at anyone else. Let us move on.”
The Soldiers followed him as the Worker marched on. Pawn stared at the bit of trampled ground as he passed and shook his head.
“Poor Snow Golems.”
For all they’d hit him with a snowball—filled with pebbles no less—he felt they hadn’t exactly deserved that.
 
—-
 
A carrot! What had it tasted like? Was it really edible, just like that? The other Soldiers were agog, but they couldn’t interview their companion as they marched. And even if they could—they didn’t talk or use sign language.
Rather, Soldiers could vaguely sense what the others were feeling or thinking. It was more of a skill used for coordination in battle, but what they sensed now was that the Soldier who ate the carrot felt extremely…good.
Good, yes. It was a crunchy food, and it didn’t mush and taste…like what they normally ate tasted like. And it was cold!
The Soldiers marched on, listening to Pawn’s explanations of how Snow Golems came to life. It made little sense to them, mainly because none of them wore or needed clothing, but they enjoyed listening nonetheless.
Then they found the Shield Spiders.
It was a collapsed pit, one of the many lairs the Shield Spiders made to lure in prey. But the snowfall had been heavy, and the fake ground had collapsed, spilling inwards to reveal the nest. Already Shield Spiders were laboring to remove snow and repair their trap, but the Antinium had come before they could finish their work.
Pawn stared down into the hole as the Soldiers tensed as one. Shield Spiders! They knew this enemy. They looked at Pawn for his orders, since they were not under direct attack. The Worker hesitated.
“Oh dear. This is a menace. And Klbkch did tell us to remove minor threats…ah, I believe we should attack?”
The Soldiers hesitated. That sounded like an order, but it wasn’t phrased like one. And the Shield Spiders had noticed the Antinium. Several large ones in the pit turned to face the Soldiers and began to crawl up the dirt sides, fangs bared for the attack.
“Ah. They have noticed us. I suppose we must do this then.”
Pawn sighed. He sounded almost regretful. The Soldiers were vibrating with nerves and readiness for battle.
