3.22 L
Page 2
He’d had…one bee before. One bee. And like the acid flies, it wasn’t something Pawn forgot easily. He stared avidly at the thing on the plate. Lyonette had indeed just fried up the thing that Selys recoiled from and made even the Soldiers look twice.
A bee, legs curled, neatly sliced down the abdomen to let the insides fry on the pan. It now lay, wings folded, staring up at Pawn, making his intestines gurgle. It was steaming, and juicy with grease and honey. Pawn’s stomach sat up and begged for him to bite into the exposed innards that smelled…
Oh, heavenly.
Part of Pawn immediately wanted to eat the bee at once. But he stopped his hand as he remembered.
“Ah. Regrettably…I would love to sample this bee. But it would not be fair to the others, I feel.”
He was full of regret. But to his surprise, Lyonette just smiled.
“I have lots more.”
“Lots?”
Pawn looked at her hopefully. The [Barmaid] nodded.
“Two huge jars, in fact. Enough for you and all the Soldiers. You should have this one first. You are their leader, aren’t you? And then when you all come back from your patrol, I’ll have enough for everyone.”
Pawn hesitated. A meal had been in his hazy plan for the day with the Soldiers, but bees? He had a bag of coin, but he didn’t know if it would be enough. But bees…perhaps Lyonette would open a tab? He looked at the other Soldiers and came to a swift decision influenced not at all by the delicious bee in front of him.
“I am afraid we number twenty one in all. Would that put too much of a strain upon your inn?”
He didn’t want to overburden the Human girl. Lyonette did indeed seem shocked. She swayed on her feet a bit, and gulped slowly.
“Twenty? I can…yes, I can do that.”
“Very well then. We shall patrol and be back…in two hours? Roughly that time. Is that enough?”
“Oh, yes, absolutely! And Mrsha can stay with me—”
The Gnoll was still evading Selys’ every attempt to get near her. Frustrated, Selys threw up her hands.
“Fine, fine. I’ve got to go! I’m so late! Just keep an eye on her, okay Lyon?”
“I will. And I’ll have everything ready for you in two hours, Pawn.”
The Antinium nodded, and, after Selys had left, led his Soldiers back outside. There they joined the other Soldiers who’d been waiting like statues outside and nearly given Selys a heart attack.
“As you may have heard, we will be eating a lunch at this location later today.”
Pawn addressed the Soldiers who stood to attention, listening to his every word. He’d already gotten over a lot of the awkwardness of commanding them. They were the twenty least-injured Soldiers assigned to him, and they had obeyed his every order flawlessly since leaving the city.
He wondered if they were getting anything out of this experience. Well, they’d only left the secret tunnel just outside of Liscor and walked here so far. And this was a good place to start.
Pawn gestured awkwardly to the inn. The Soldiers stared at a wooden wall and then back at him, expressionless.
“That was an inn. People go there to sleep and eat delicious food.”
They stared at him. Pawn coughed, and nodded a few times. He stared around. What else could he show them? It was the middle of winter, and there wasn’t a lot of…
He pointed at the ground. The Soldiers stared down at the snow, ankle-deep around their thick legs.
“This is…snow. There’s grass underneath. Grass is green and can’t be eaten, but it is worth looking at.”
They stared at the snow. One Soldier lifted a foot experimentally and crushed some snow underfoot. Pawn considered this a victory. He coughed again.
