3.23 L
Page 13
He wanted to be noticed. He wanted to be useful. But here—Pawn forced himself to listen to the conversation. It was the first time in a while he and the other Workers could talk, so they were all asking Garry what he had been doing in his new job.
The Worker nodded, folding his four hands together. He seemed slightly bigger than Pawn last remembered him—was he gaining weight? He still wore a slightly stained apron around his front, a piece of apparel that intrigued the other Workers greatly.
“I have been preparing meals for the Queen. I take monster parts and other edible foodstuffs and create food for her rather than the…paste…we are usually fed.”
The other Workers exchanged a glance, and then nodded their heads.
“Ah.”
“I see.”
“This intrigues me.”
“Will you cook us such food?”
Garry nodded.
“If I am allowed. I believe Revalantor Klbkch wishes for me to cook for other members of the Hive, including himself. However, the Queen desires me to prepare food for her alone. I gather this is a source of contention between the two.”
That was fascinating. But Garry didn’t have details, so the other Workers quickly summarized what they had been doing. Belgrade and Anand had helped take down a Crypt Worm recently—Bird roamed the landscape, hunting animals with a bow and arrow. His life seemed exciting to Pawn, but the other Workers claimed he was actually the one with the most interest.
“I do not interact with any other species, Pawn. You are fortunate to talk with a Human on a daily basis.”
Anand and Belgrade nodded as Bird said this. Pawn couldn’t help staring at the feather hanging from a simple cord around Bird’s neck. It was a very red feather, and beautiful, too.
“I am envious. I have not been allowed to go to the surface.”
“Indeed. My duties keep me below at all times.”
“Does this Lyonette serve cooked birds?”
Pawn saw the keen interest in the other Worker’s eyes. He realized with a pang that they had never experienced what he had, and resolved to petition Klbkch to let them join him on a patrol. In the meantime, he could certainly bring some of what was above down below. He only regretted that the Soldiers had eaten all the cheese. If only he had his own quarters so he could store objects in them!
“The bees Lyon makes are very tasty. I shall bring you some, next time I go.”
“I believe Klbkch bought some for the Queen. I sampled one—the others have already been eaten. I shall attempt to replicate such treats for the rest of you and our guests.”
Just the thought of Garry’s cooking filled Pawn with hunger. He clicked his mandibles together sadly though, reflecting on his role.
“I regret that I cannot bring any value to the Hive. And that you must lie about my abilities.”
To Pawn’s surprise, Garry shook his head. He placed one of his hands on Pawn’s shoulders.
“Do not worry. You have value. In fact, it is I who envy you. You may not be of apparent worth to these Antinium who come, but you are special, even among us. One day, I believe your talents will surpass us all.”
Belgrade, Anand, and Bird all nodded.
“Agreed.”
“Yes.”
“I will hunt birds to showcase my abilities.”
The other Workers looked at him. Bird shrugged.
“I like birds.”
 
—-
 
They were coming. At last, after all this time…the other Hives were coming. They were taking notice. Klbkch had to sit down after the other Workers had left. He tried to contain his excitement, but his hands shook slightly.
