3.23 L
Page 7
“Thank you, Revalantor Klbkch. I shall…I shall put the money to good use.”
“Do so. I will expect you to update me if the Soldiers show any positive effects from these patrols. If not…at least they will improve Antinium relations with the city, which is desirable. You may take a second patrol out at your discretion.”
That was all. Pawn stood up to go, but when he got to the door, Klbkch stopped him.
“Pawn.”
“Yes, Revalantor Klbkch?”
“…Why the paint?”
The Worker considered the question, trying to figure out how to explain it to the one Antinium in the Hive who didn’t understand. Well, one of two if you counted the Queen.
“It is a way of naming the Soldiers without using words, Revalantor Klbkch.”
Klbkch sat up in his chair at once and signaled Pawn to sit back down.
“This is very intriguing. Can all Soldiers be ‘named’ and made Individual?”
“I would not attempt to do so with the Soldiers not under my command. They may become Aberration.”
“I see. But you believe the Soldiers under your command have all become Individual? Really?”
“I cannot say. They cannot speak after all. But I would guess that they are…closer to Individual than they were before by use of the paint.”
“I see.”
Klbkch considered this for a while. Pawn sat at attention until the Revalantor nodded.
“Continue. That is all. We will monitor the Soldiers and your attempts with them before expanding to a larger group. If you notice them leveling or using Skills—”
“I shall report it at once.”
“Good. You are dismissed.”
Pawn left Klbkch’s quarters, feeling elated and relieved at once, which naturally caused giddiness as well. For once he’d done something right! Not just right—something right.
He’d given the Soldiers identity. Pawn went to requisition the coin Klbkch had promised him. The Antinium had a room devoted specifically for funds. Pawn saw a few other Workers withdrawing exact amounts and recording the number on a piece of parchment—some had to pay for supplies or perform other exchanges with the citizens of Liscor.
Carefully, Pawn collected gold, silver, and bronze coins from the carefully organized stacks of coin. He stared at the gold coins, and then wondered idly what would happen if he took more. There were thousands, tens of thousands of gold coins in the Hive, the product of over ten years of hard work and little spending. And this was only one of the treasury rooms.
But who cared? The Antinium didn’t post guards on the room because there was no need for them to steal, and no [Thief] would ever make it this far into the hive. Then again, if other Antinium became Individual like Pawn, who knew?
That was a troubling thought. Pawn took no more gold than he was allotted. He carefully walked up towards the entrance of the Hive. It was still early yet; he didn’t want to patrol before he ran a few errands. After all, he could only take twenty Soldiers out of the Hive with him at a time. What about the rest, forced to wait and guard in the tunnels? That had to be boring, so Pawn decided to get them something to make the wait easier.
 
—-
 
“You want what?”
Krshia blinked at Pawn. This time her stall was deserted, and Pawn saw that the other customers shopping this early were going to the more prosperous [Shopkeepers]. Again he felt bad, but reassured himself because of the size of the order he was placing.
“Cheese. I would like enough to feed roughly two hundred and forty individuals. Enough for a small meal, at least.”
