3.23 L
Page 16
The Prognugator said it simply. He indicated three other Antinium, all as tall as he was, all wearing armor. Klbkch noted that all of the Armored Antinium had weapons. A shield and mace in Tersk’s case—swords and a spear for the others.
“Allow me to extend my apologies for my error in your position.”
“The error is mine. I did not mention this detail to begin with.”
Klbkch and Tersk lowered their heads. That done, the Prognugator stepped back and another one came forwards.
“Revalantor Klbkch. I am Revalantor Pivr. I observe that your form has changed from the standard template assigned to this Hive. Has your Queen been creating variations of the Worker and Soldier form without authorization?”
This came from an Antinium smaller than Tersk, but no less striking. Jade-colored wings fanned outwards from the Antinium, and Klbkch saw not two but four sets of eyes on his head. Even his body was hunched, all the better for his two arms to use the twin daggers at his side. He also had poisonous spit Klbkch knew—the odor was unmistakable on the Antinium’s breath.
And he annoyed Klbkch. The Revalantor stared Pivr in the eyes, and spoke calmly.
“My form is unique to me, as befitting my status. I greet you, Pivr. Who have you brought to my Hive?”
Pivr turned, fanning his twin sets of wings out to show them off, Klbkch was sure.
“Six of my Queen’s warriors—five regular warriors and a heavy-combat variant have flown here to see what your Hive has wrought. We are the Flying Antinium. Witness us.”
Klbkch did see, and part of him was impressed. Five of the warriors did look like Pivr, but the last was a larger variant. Thick carapace plates obscured his body, giving him more the appearance of a walking tank. But he had wings as well, huge ones, and even a horn like a beetle with sharp prongs.
Yes, part of Klbkch was impressed. The other part was not. But he kept his words within and simply nodded to Pivr.
“I greet you.”
The other Revalantor hesitated, opening his mandibles as if he wanted to say something. But then Klbkch was walking forwards towards the last unique Antinium in the group. He felt like he was in a dream, but when he stopped in front of the slim, short Antinium with blue carapace who held a staff in one of her two hands, she was real.
So very real.
“Xrn.”
It was all Klbkch could say. The other Antinium—no Worker, no Soldier, but graceful and unique, her body different from any other—opened her mandibles to smile at him. Her eyes shone with a thousand colors, flickering with the mystery of magic. And her voice was soft, deep, commanding.
“Klbkch. It has been too long.”
“Yes. Far too long.”
It was all Klbkch could say, as if he had been transformed into one of the birds that spoke, a parrot. Xrn smiled again. Klbkch didn’t know what to say.
“How—how did you come here? I would have never thought the Grand Queen would allow…”
“I had to persuade her of course. But I thought it worthwhile to see you.”
Xrn said it simply. She nodded to the Soldiers and Workers behind her, and only now did Klbkch realize he was neglecting his duties.
“Pardon me. I greet you, Xrn, Prognugator of the Grand Hive. Who are the Antinium who come with you?”
“Two Hives. Mine, and that of the Silent Antinium.”
