3.23 L
Page 9
“Oh! Pawn! It’s so good to see you! Come in, would you like something to eat? Not staying?”
…
“Other Soldiers? Later today? Well of—of course! I’ve still got a lot of bees and here, try this honey water. I can get Olesm to buy more meat and make another soup.”
…
“Please, Olesm? Please? And I need butter and vegetables—I have a list here. Oh, and let me add…”
…
“Krshia? You’d like to…well of course. I—will you tell her that I—”
…
“…Thank you. But wait! Before you go, can I offer you this?”
…
“What do you mean, it looks fattening!?”
 
—-
 
Less than an hour later—less than half an hour later, really, Pawn walked back down the street towards Krshia’s stall. She stared at him. She stared at him, but especially at the huge jar of honey he held, walking carefully so as not to drop it.
Other pedestrians stared at the Worker as well. The jar of golden liquid tended to attract stares, Pawn had noticed.
“I have brought you honey. It is yours to keep and use as you please.”
That was what Pawn said as he placed the jar on Krshia’s counter. The Gnoll just stared at him.
“How?”
“I talked with Lyonette. She agreed to give you this jar of honey.”
It was a simple thing. Most things in life were, but Pawn had observed that the way people reacted to simple things was—complex.
Such as now. At the mention of Lyonette’s name, Krshia began to look angry.
“Why did she give this honey to you? Because you paid? Or because it is meant to be an apology?”
“She certainly feels remorse. I believe her acceding to my request was done out of guilt and an interest in helping settle the debt between you two.”
Pawn replied calmly. He watched with interest as Krshia’s ears slowly flattened on her head.
“And what does she call this? Repayment? It is hardly worth my stall, no?”
Some people would have hesitated to tell an angry Gnoll anything. But Pawn only spoke the truth, so his tone was level as he immediately replied.
“I think it is something, rather than nothing. An apology—the beginning of one, at least.”
That made the Gnoll pause. Pawn waited, and then spoke carefully.
“Lyonette has one message she would like to pass on to you with the honey.”
“Yes?”
“‘I am very sorry.’”
That was all. But it changed things. Simple things, simple words, always did. That was what Pawn had told Lyonette, and why the apology she had given him was this. And what happened was that Krshia stopped growing angrier. She was still angry, but she let Pawn open the jar.
“Would you like to try some? It is sweet, and I am told there may be grubs within the honeycomb.”
The Gnoll sniffed at the honey, and then dipped a finger into the thick liquid. It came out glistening, and Pawn stared at the honey in envy. He liked honey. Maybe he should have gotten some to go with the cheese. He’d go back to ask Lyonette about it later. But this jar was Krshia’s.
“Hmf.”
She licked the honey off of her finger. Slowly, Krshia’s tail began to wag, although her face didn’t change.
“This is good. Sweet. Sweeter than honey from small bees, yes?”
“Mm. I believe so.”
The Gnoll nodded. She stared at Pawn.
“You are an odd Worker, Pawn of the Antinium. But…yes, I believe you and Klbkch are good for this city.”
“Thank you.”
Pawn nodded to Krshia. He felt happy for her words because she clearly meant them. Krshia nodded and smiled. When he left, it was with all the cheese in the marketplace and locations for Workers to pick up more. And Krshia was selling honey in the form of hand-sized jars. There was already a queue.
 
—-
 
