3.23 L
Page 19
No one answered him. Klbkch’s hands were on his sword. He felt Xrn trembling next to him.
“We must not fight.”
He said it, but the words were distant in his head. He couldn’t retreat. Not here. Not now.
Someone took a step forwards. Was it him? The Drakes started to advance as well. Shivertail’s eyes were locked on Klbkch’s.
Memory flashed between the two.
 
—-
 
Zel Shivertail killed another Soldier, cutting apart his carapace with claws like razors. He turned, and saw the battlefield had disintegrated into chaos. Drakes and Antinium struggled everywhere, the Antinium fighting and killing anything moving.
Chaos. He turned and blocked a sword that came for his neck at the last moment. The Antinium who leapt backwards was slim, and covered in blood. Drake blood. He held his swords like a true blade master, watching Zel carefully.
“Zel Shivertail.”
“You must be Klbkch the Slayer.”
“Yes. I have come to kill you. If you die, the Antinium will triumph here.”
Zel pointed at the battlefield, where Antinium fought and died, killing mindlessly even as the Drakes organized and began to slaughter them.
“Is this how the Antinium do battle?”
“It is how we fight to survive, Drake. When we do battle, you will know the difference.”
Klbkch leapt forwards and then there were only his flashing blades. Zel snarled, slashing with his claws—
 
—-
 
“I’ll take the mage. You take the Slayer.”
“We are not…here to fight.”
Zel rasped the words out. His feet dragged themselves forwards though, and he couldn’t muster the effort to stop them. He and Ilvriss advanced down the street, ignoring the calls from the Drakes behind them to stop.
Ilvriss felt one of his guards grab at him and swung one fist. The Drake fell back, bleeding, and the Lord of the Wall walked forwards as if in a trance. His sword was in his hand, and his eyes were on Xrn’s. They stared at each other, as they had done years ago on the battlefield.
 
—-
 
He stood with the [Mages] and [Strategists], coordinating the battle as the Drake and Human forces contained the Antinium with walls of steel and blasted them with magic.  Ilvriss stood patiently, knowing his chance for battle would not come. But then the earth exploded and he saw her standing amid the destruction.
The command tent burned as she drew a line of fire that burned the Human [Commander] to ash. Out of the billowing smoke, Soldiers charged into battle, fighting the unprepared [Mages] and support classes and their small retinue of guards.
“This battle is over. Flee, Drakes and Humans, or I will slay you all.”
That came from the Antinium who glowed with magic. She looked down at Ilvriss as he stood, shaking, blood running down his right leg, his long sword in hand.
“Name yourself! Who are you?”
He roared at her as he charged, cutting Soldiers down. The Antinium’s voice echoed as she stood on a rock, casting spells left and right, cutting down his allies, his friends.
“I am the last memory of my kind. Thunder which moves grass. I am a Queen without a Hive. Fire burning in the heart of ice. I am Xrn, and I will not die here.”
She raised her staff, and lightning split the sky. It broke the formations of Drakes, and a fireball fell among the [Mages] who hadn’t time to raise a shield spell. They burned, dying, and the Antinium with a staff raised hers high. The wind blew, and the Soldiers and Workers charged. Ilvriss fell back, fighting among the dying….
 
—-
 
He couldn’t stop. Zel walked onwards, and so did the Antinium. The streets were empty.
The air was screaming with tension.
He knew he should stop. They were at peace.
