3.23 L
Page 17
She pointed, and Klbkch saw. There were two groups standing behind Xrn, eight Antinium in total. Two were still as shadows, hunched, almost invisible even in the snow. Their carapaces had changed to become whiter, more translucent, and their arms were more like scything blades. Their mandibles were likewise made to tear out an opponent’s throat and they were perhaps the slimmest of all Antinium save for Xrn.
“The assassin breed. Have they no leader?”
“Their Queen declined to send one. And with me—six of the Grand Queen’s soldiers, my escort.”
These Antinium were by far the most conventional, but even then…Klbkch saw two were classic Soldiers, but with carapaces so heavily reinforced that they stood two feet taller than a regular Soldier, to carry all the weight. They were taller even than the Armored Antinium, while the other four—
Klbkch inhaled sharply. Xrn nodded.
“They are like me.”
Indeed, the four Antinium closely resembled Klbkch’s current form. They were slim and had two hands, and at their sides they had blades. Not silver metal like his, but rather blades made of a dark substance, the same as those the scythes of the Silent Antinium were made of. These Antinium were also different from the rest in that they studied Klbkch with attentiveness. Intelligence.
“Natural blades. These are not Prognugators but Custodium—think of them as partial Prognugators.”
“Made in the same way?”
Xrn’s mandibles opened, and her tone was mocking.
“Yes. There are forty in the Hive.”
The number left Klbkch speechless. The sheer extravagance and waste it took to create—he would have asked Xrn more, but then Pivr interrupted.
“Revalantor Klbkch, are the introductions done? If so, I have a pressing announcement to inform you of.”
Klbkch and Xrn stared at him. They were all Prognugators and Revalantor, true, including  Tersk, but Xrn and Klbkch were different. Tersk clearly knew that and respectfully stayed quiet, but Pivr was clearly different.
Xrn was the first to speak. Her tone was sharp.
“I am talking with Klbkch. You will be silent, Pivr.”
“You have been given command of our group, yes. But my Queen—”
“Shut up.”
Xrn turned back to Klbkch and only now did he remember the…personality of his old companion. He had forgotten it, living for so long in his quiet Hive.
“We have much to discuss. After we greet your Queen, you and I must have time to talk.”
“You are not expected to return soon?”
“No. In fact, I told my Queen I would be a long time in returning.”
“You told the Grand Queen that?”
“Yes.”
That was Xrn. Klbkch shifted his glance to the Antinium and once again noted the absence of the fifth Hive.
“Wrymvr did not come? And his Queen sent no one?”
Xrn shrugged.
“You know him.”
“I do. I should not be surprised. In truth, I did not expect your presence either.”
“Yes, well—”
“I have an announcement.”
This time Klbkch had to restrain himself from stabbing Pivr. But the Revalantor had strode into the center of the Antinium. He spoke loudly, without glancing at Xrn whose look was…murderous.
“My instructions were to obey Prognugator Xrn until we reached the city of Liscor. However, here I and the Flying Antinium will carry out different orders. We will go into the city via the main gates.”
“What?”
Klbkch couldn’t believe his ears. Pivr nodded at him calmly.
“I was not informed of this.”
Xrn’s voice was foreboding, but Pivr didn’t seem intimidated.
“Your input was not required. My Queen has given her orders, and they will be obeyed.”
“You cannot enter the city. I forbid it.”
