3.23 L
Page 21
“Um. Hello.”
“Good evening, Miss. Is the [Innkeeper] here by any chance?”
“Erin? No she’s…I’m sorry, please, come in!”
Zel entered, somewhat mystified. Erin? That was a female name, or so he thought. What had happened to the man? Had he retired?
Perhaps he’d gotten married and this was his daughter. Or just a [Barmaid]. Zel sat at a table, smiling without showing his teeth as the girl brought him a drink.
“Here’s some water. Honey water, actually.”
Zel’s nonexistent eyebrows rose as he sipped at the sweet drink. It was quite nice, and pleasantly hot.
“So the [Innkeeper] is gone? Will she be back tonight, do you know?”
“No I—she’s been gone for a while now. I run the inn while she’s—away. My name is Lyon. Lyonette.”
Odder and odder. But Zel still needed a place to sleep.
“In that case, may I ask if your inn is full Miss Lyon? I’m looking for lodgings and all of the inns in the city are crowded.”
“A place to—?”
The girl’s eyes widened as if she was surprised he wanted to stay here. And judging from the way the inn was so empty at dinnertime, that was probably justified. But Zel liked the feel of the inn. It had glass windows, flowers, and a lovely fire.
“If you wouldn’t mind, I’d like a room. I stayed here once before—I think it was here—a long time ago and I have fond memories of this place.”
“Oh. Well this inn was rebuilt…”
Zel blinked at Lyon. The girl blushed.
“I’m sorry. It’s a long story. But yes—we have plenty of rooms. If you’d like to stay here, I can offer you a very reasonable rate. But I’m afraid Erin—the [Innkeeper] is gone so I’m the only one who can serve you. I’ll do my best, but I’m not the best cook.”
“Well, as long as it’s edible I will be quite happy.”
Zel smiled reassuringly at Lyon, and she managed to smile back. He looked down as he felt a wet nose on his leg.
“And I see you’re not all by yourself. Who’s this?”
“Mrsha!”
The Human girl yelped and chased away the Gnoll. But she paused as Zel laughed, and smiled again.
“If you’re willing…then welcome. As I said, my name is Lyonette. This is Mrsha. Welcome…to the Wandering Inn.”
 

