3.23 L
Page 8
The Gnoll [Shopkeeper] just stared at Pawn, jaw hanging open. Pawn wondered if he’d made a mistake. Was eating too much cheese a faux paws in Gnollish society?
Yes, cheese was what Pawn wanted. It was tasty and edible and it would go down well with the Soldiers, he felt. That was the only thing he could think of. Meat was too expensive and it spoiled quickly, and besides, it was hard to acquire in the winter. But cheese? Cheese was more plentiful.
And it tasted good.
Pawn stared anxiously at Krshia as the Gnoll struggled with shock.
“If there is an issue in delivery, I can arrange for direct pickups with Workers. And if there is a shortage…”
“No, no.”
Krshia smiled at Pawn, baring her teeth in a wide grin.
“I am simply surprised, yes? Even when my shop was booming, such orders were rare things. I thank you, Worker Pawn, for giving me such business.”
“You are the shopkeeper that Erin trusts. So I trust you.”
That was all it was to Pawn. There could be nothing simpler, nothing easier to understand. But Krshia lowered her head to him as if it meant something truly important.
“Hrr. I am grateful for that. Truly.”
Her shop. Every time Pawn saw it, he remembered what it had been. This time he decided to ask about it, since Krshia didn’t seem to have any customers waiting.
“How has your business been doing lately, Miss Krshia?”
She bared her teeth again, but this time not in a friendly way.
“You can see for yourself, can you not? Rebuilding what was lost is difficult, no? I will survive the winter, but it will be a year or more before I am able to open this shop with pride.”
That hurt too. It was an odd, uncomfortable feeling, hurting for people who were not Pawn himself. He hadn’t known it could happen before he’d met Erin. But this too was part of being alive.
“Is it truly so bad?”
Krshia shrugged, looking tired.
“Truly? It is not the worst. I will not starve and the others, the other Gnolls and even some Drakes have supported me. But it is bad to feel what is lost and know you have fallen, no? Because of one moment. Because of a thief.”
That last word was bitter, and Pawn immediately thought of Lyonette, laughing and serving them all with respect and pride. It was different from the Lyon that Krshia knew.
“I met the Human Lyonette yesterday. In Erin’s absence she has taken over the inn.”
Pawn didn’t know why he was telling Krshia this, especially because the Gnoll stiffened at Lyon’s name. But he felt compelled to, as if sharing the good Lyonette had done would offset some of the bad.
“She has acquired more bees and honey. She served me and a number of Soldiers the food. It was very tasty.”
“Is that so? Good for her. I have not had honey myself for many, many moons, yes? It is a valuable thing even when it is not so very cold.”
Krshia’s voice was hard, and he could see she was upset. Pawn thought. He thought quickly about how he could make things better for her, if only in his small way. He thought about Lyon and regret and honey. Then he had an idea.
“I will obtain your cheeses for you, within a few hours, yes? But first we must talk about prices and which cheeses you would like—where are you going?”
Pawn took a few steps away from Krshia’s store. She looked alarmed, but he reassured her.
“I am not reconsidering our deal, but I have a pressing matter to attend to. I shall return within the hour. Please excuse me.”
He could feel the Gnoll’s eyes on his back as he hurried off. Pawn left the city and walked swiftly up a hill to an inn. There he opened the door and talked.
 
—-
 
