3.24
Page 4
“I object. That statement is fundamentally correct, but flawed in its assumptions. I—”
“Shut up, Pisces. The walls of Liscor are high, and they’ve got far more powerful enchantments on them. So long as they actually close the gates, they’ll hold out during a siege for months at least. And there’s two Gold-rank teams in the city. With them on the walls, even a Goblin Lord would think twice before assailing the city.”
“I see.”
Ksmvr and Yvlon nodded. The female [Warrior] looked towards the horizon, still tapping her fingers on the metal in her arm.
“So it seems like we only have two things to worry about. How to get Erin to Liscor safely, and what we should do while we’re waiting for Ryoka to contact us.”
Ceria nodded. But Ksmvr had something else in mind. He stared back at Remendia, now a distant spot on the horizon.
“Do you think there will be crowds cheering us in Celum? I enjoyed the ones in Remendia.”
Pisces made a dismissive sound of disgust.
“I hope not. So much noise gets on my nerves.”
He paused.
“Although…mindless adulation is not without its merits. We should expect at least a small gathering; word will have spread of our exploits and no doubt there will be a commotion when we are recognized.”
“True, let’s just get through it as best we can.”
Yvlon smiled crookedly, but Ceria thought she looked a bit pleased at the idea. For her part, the half-Elf considered that she wouldn’t mind the attention. It was inconvenient of course after a while, but…
“Just so long as it doesn’t get to our heads. Fame is fleeting as adventurers, let’s not forget that.”
“Certainly not.”
“I will commit this to memory.”
“Indeed.”
The Horns of Hammerad settled back in their cart, nodding to each other. They fell into silence once more, waiting, contemplatively staring at the horizon towards the city of Celum, still invisible in the distance. The only sound was a snort that came from the wagon driver as the horses plodded onwards through the snow.
 
—-
 
There were no cheering crowds in Celum, nor any parades, much to the disappointment of all the Horns of Hammerad. In fact, no one even batted an eyelid when the adventurers made their way through the gate.
“The Horns of Hammerad? Hm. Your name sounds familiar. You have anything to declare? No? Move on through, then.”
Dismayed, the adventurers walked past the first guard at the gates. It wasn’t as if they’d expected a huge reception. But how come no one had noticed their party’s name? Usually the exploits of adventuring teams were all gossiped about fiercely in all the local cities.
Either word hadn’t spread yet, or no one cared about a Silver-ranked team of adventurers, no matter what they’d done.
Then again…it did seem like the [Guardsmen] manning the gate had a lot on their minds. They all looked sleep-deprived, as if they’d been pulling two shifts instead of one.
Ceria stopped to talk to one of them in the gatehouse. He was mumbling to himself in a corner of the room—she hesitated as she drew near and heard what he was saying.
 
“To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there’s the rub;
For in that sleep of death what dreams may come
When we have shuffled off this mortal coil,
Must give us pause: there’s the respect
That makes calamity of so long life…”
 
Was he really that sleep-deprived? There was an odd cadence to his words. Ceria paused, wondering if she should find someone else to talk to, but she interrupted the man’s rambling self-reflection anyways.
“Excuse me, guardsman.”
He jumped and stared at her. His eyes were bloodshot, and the scraggly mustache on his face could have used some trimming.
