3.24
Page 15
“He killed people. I asked, and I made sure. Toren killed people. Not just one, not just two, and not in self-defense. He killed them because…because he wanted to. And he’s going to keep killing people if he’s not stopped.”
She stopped, gulped. Erin closed her eyes, but then went on, voice hoarse, choking on her next words.
“If this were a movie…or a play…I’d be the stupid idiot who didn’t stop Toren before he killed thousands of people. He’s already killed dozens, maybe hundreds. And how strong would he become if he kept leveling up? Maybe if I knew I could find him I’d—but I can’t. He’s too far away. And I won’t let him kill anyone else. It has to be now.”
No one could answer her. It was the right decision. Pisces hesitated as Erin walked over to him.
“Do you need to cast a spell or something?”
“No. It’s a simple enough procedure. As the one who cast the spell I can unravel it. It will just take a minute—”
“Do it, then.”
Ceria stared at Pisces. He looked at her, uncertain. She just stared back. See, she wanted to ask him. See what you’ve done?
Pisces looked away. He made no sound, but after a moment laid his hands on Erin’s head. She shifted, once, and then was still.
No sound. No grand show of lights, no mystical chanting. Pisces just moved magic and Ceria saw a thread, thinner than silk and stronger than stone flowing from Erin out into the world. Pisces pulled at it and slowly, the connection broke.
That was it. It was over. He let go of Erin and she stared up at him.
“It’s done? He’s gone?”
“He will be. No undead can live without mana and Toren consumes…consumed more than most.”
“Okay.”
Erin took a few steps away from Pisces. She stared blankly at him, and then looked around the room. Everyone stared at her, Yvlon with a pale face, Ksmvr silently, Pisces full of what might have been regret, and Ceria with no idea what to say.
“I’m tired. I’m gonna go to sleep, okay?”
So saying, Erin began to walk up the stairs. She left the Horns of Hammerad behind and went into the small room that wasn’t hers and crawled onto the bed. She didn’t bother undressing, and lay down in the rough blanket. She put her pillow over her head, and curled up into the smallest ball possible.
She didn’t cry. She couldn’t cry. But something in her heart broke. Erin whispered the words into the night.
“Goodbye.”
She listened, hoping to hear a reply. But all she heard was silence.
 

