3.24
Page 13
Ceria glared at Pisces. He edged away from her, but it was Yvlon who spoke. The woman looked deeply troubled.
“How? How is that possible? I’ve never heard of a leveling undead, ever. Not even the greatest [Necromancers] could make one.”
“More like none of them were crazy enough to try. Any undead that can level will eventually rebel, just like Golems.”
Ceria glared at Pisces. The young man raised his hands, looking nervous but elated.
“I told you it was possible. I told them all at Wistram. Toren was proof I could do it. But I never expected him to level up quickly enough to subvert my control. I did check, you know, whenever I saw him.”
“Not well enough. Look what’s happened!”
“How, though?”
Ksmvr was the one to speak. He stared at Pisces, looking troubled.
“Is comrade Pisces truly that great of a prodigy? Or is his level high enough that he is able to create such a miraculous undead through some Skill?”
The half-Elf shook her head, smiling darkly.
“He didn’t learn how to make leveling undead by himself. He’s not that smart.”
Pisces opened his mouth and then shrank back in his chair as everyone glared at him. Ceria explained.
“A Golem taught him. A Truestone Construct; one of the most powerful types of Golems in the world taught him an incomplete formula for creating beings capable of leveling up. And he—completed it.”
“So you made a thinking, leveling undead.”
Yvlon’s eyes could have bored a hole through the mage. He shook his head.
“I was taught a theoretical piece of magic, it’s true. But it’s still not perfect. It wasn’t even certain my creation—Toren—would be able to level.”
“But he did. And he learned to think!”
“Evidently.”
Pisces stared uncomfortably at Erin, and then away. She had a haunted, horrified look on her face.
“I made him do chores. But he could think the entire time?”
“Erin…”
Ceria reached out and touched her friend. Erin shuddered, and then stared at Pisces angrily.
“Okay, he was alive. But why did he start killing people? I never told him to do that! He just did chores for me!”
Pisces spread his hands out, helplessly.
“He probably wished to. I can only speculate, but as I told you once, Toren is not meant for peaceful activities. He may have rebelled out of his desire to fight.”
“Why? He’s not evil! I mean—he wasn’t made that way, right? All he did was do chores! How could he just kill like that?”
Erin tried to snap her fingers, but couldn’t. She was trembling. Pisces closed his eyes, when he opened them, he looked regretful for a moment.
“It is what he was made to do. You see—I made him to fight, to protect. I imbued him with the capability for rational thought in the fashion of Golems. Problem-solving skills; but nothing more, certainly not a groundwork for actual cognition. But I never gave him anything else.”
Erin turned towards Ceria. The half-Elf crossed her arms.
“He didn’t give him a conscience. Or…morality.”
“What? Why not?”
Pisces shrugged eloquently at Yvlon. She clenched her fist, and Ceria interjected.
“He can’t. He doesn’t know how.”
“Then why make a creature like that? You’re just inviting trouble!”
Ceria wasn’t about to defend Pisces on that. He just looked at her, though, haughty and unrepentant.
“Cognita has no moral compass. She functions well enough without one.”
“She’s a monster too. She’s killed more [Mages] than any other being in the world, I’ll wager. She might be helpful to some, but you know she’ll kill without a qualm as well.”
