3.24
Page 6
Ksmvr spotted a table that was empty and immediately walked towards it. The other five patrons who’d been making a beeline for the table stopped when they saw the Antinium approaching and backed away. Ceria went to sit as well, but she and the other adventurers were stopped by a somewhat stout woman who came rushing over, waving her hands.
“Stop, stop! Please, I don’t know who you are—but even if you are adventurers, I’m afraid all the seats are taken. You’ll have to stand like the rest. You can’t just take over a table…”
She looked nervous, especially when she stared at Ksmvr, but she also sounded like she was ready to chase Ceria and the others away even if they protested.
“Sorry, Mistress. We didn’t know—what’s going on?”
Ceria waved at the crowds. The [Innkeeper], if that was who she was, looked surprised.
“You don’t know? Aren’t you here for the night’s play?”
“What play? You mean with toys? We’re here to see a friend. Erin Solstice. Do you know if she’s staying here?”
The woman’s eyes widened in shock. She glanced back at the kitchen.
“Erin? You want to meet—I’m so sorry, but she’s busy. Cooking. I’ll let her know you asked about her, but if she doesn’t keep working we’ll never get this crowd fed. If you’ll wait until tonight I’m sure—”
Pisces rolled his eyes. Fed up with the woman, he brusquely marched past her and towards the kitchen. She tried to stop him, but Ceria and Yvlon walked past her too.
“Erin?”
Ceria shouted into the open kitchen where the sounds of extreme cooking could be heard. She waited as the woman protectively barred the doorway.
“Erin? Are you in there? It’s me. Ceria! And Yvlon is here as well. We—”
The half-Elf heard a shout from inside the kitchen. A moment later a young woman practically ran the older innkeeper over. She shoved the protesting woman aside and then turned to the Horns of Hammerad. Erin Solstice, covered in flour, sweat, and a strange red paste Ceria vaguely recognized as tomato sauce spread her arms wide and rushed at her friend.
“Ceria! Yvlon!”
She practically tackled the two women, hugging them fiercely. Ceria laughed as people turned and looked, and Yvlon smiled as she gave Erin a welcoming hug. The girl turned, her eyes widening as she smiled.
“Ksmvr! And…you.”
She paused when she got to Pisces.
“Hey, you.”
He sniffed, hurt, but then Erin smiled and hugged him as well, much to the young man’s astonishment.
“You’re all okay! And alive! And—”
Erin saw Yvlon’s arms and gasped in shock. Yvlon opened her mouth to explain, but then the innkeeper was interrupting, trying to pull Erin back towards the kitchen.
“You know these adventurers, Erin dear? Can’t you have your reunion later? Folks are calling out for food!”
“They can wait. You cook if they’re so busy! Or get another inn to serve food! Shoo!”
Erin shoved the innkeeper away and then turned back to her friends. She stared at them, looking almost teary-eyed with relief.
“What happened? I was so worried! Ryoka only said—well, she left a message for me that you were in Remendia! Did you find the dungeon? She said you cleared it—”
Their reunion was attracting stares. Only naturally—Ksmvr might have been allowed into the city, but he was still an Antinium, and Yvlon’s arms were getting their own attention. It didn’t take long for people to put two and two together, even as excited as they were for this ‘play’.
“The Horns of Hammerad! The Conquerers of Albez!”
