3.24
Page 5
“I’m sorry, can I help you Miss…?”
He noticed her robes and her hand. To his credit he only stared for a few seconds.
“Are you an adventurer? Do you have anything to report? Monsters? Or something to declare?”
“No. I was just wondering. Is there any news? Any bad news?”
“About what?”
The fuzzy-lipped man blinked at her.
“The Goblins.”
He blinked a few more times before the words trickled into whatever part of his brain was still thinking. For some reason he took a pose.
“‘There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.’ Ah…no, Miss. The Goblins haven’t shown up near Celum.”
“I see. Thank you.”
Ceria backed away from him and rejoined her group. Pisces twirled one finger around his ears as he gestured at the guardsman. Ceria just shrugged and led them into the city.
“Now, where’s Erin? Ryoka told me she was staying at a room in…which inn was it?”
“The Frenzied Hare, I think.”
It was a surreal experience, walking through a city where no one stared at them or came over to talk or shake their hands. Were the adventurers disappointed? Yes, a little bit, but at the same time it felt good to be normal again.
They were no heroes, and while they liked to be treated as one, it wasn’t why they’d become adventurers in the first place. True, many young men and women of every species joined for exactly that reason; to become rich and famous. But after they spent their first week shivering in the mud and rain while insects crawled all over them, or come face-to-face with a monster with too many teeth, such people usually quit.
True adventurers, Ceria reflected, wanted something other than just fame and fleeting fortune. Although that was a nice side-effect of success.
It wasn’t hard to find the Frenzied Hare. For some reason everyone the Horns of Hammerad asked could tell them exactly where the inn was.
“Going to see the night’s show? Good luck! I had to stand throughout the entire thing, although I’ll say it was worth it.”
“I’d go back again, but I’ve work early the next day. Maybe when the next play comes out…”
These remarks meant nothing to the Horns of Hammerad, but it reinforced Ceria and Pisces’ belief that Erin was staying at the inn.
“After all, if something strange is going on that girl probably had something to do with it.”
Ceria nodded at Pisces’ comment and both Yvlon and Ksmvr were forced to agree. That was how they found themselves pushing the door to the inn open just before the sun set over the rooftops in the city.
To their surprise, the humble-looking inn was packed. The Horns of Hammerad opened the door and were treated to a heaving room full of people, crowding every table, talking, eating, so many that the adventurers had to edge carefully into the room to avoid stepping on toes.
It was a strange, surreal sight. The guests sat in eager groups, people who looked like they didn’t even know each other, willingly sharing tables and talking excitedly about the night’s play. It was an odd word they used. ‘Play’. They spoke of it as if it were something different, or a magical word, and it made the Horns of Hammerad glance at each other in confusion.
More aspects of the inn didn’t make sense. For instance, why was there a curtain on one end of the room? There was a good third of the common room that had no tables on it—why was no one sitting there? Ceria stared around, wondering what was going on.
“Do you see anywhere to sit?”
“There.”
