3.24
Page 10
“I can’t believe what happened to you guys. You’ve been through so much. And Ryoka…I thought she would come back with you.”
“I think she’s okay.”
Ceria tried to reassure Erin. She honestly had no idea what Ryoka was going through, or why she’d attracted the attention of Magnolia Reinhart, but Erin looked worried.
“She’ll be fine. She’s tough. And she has that Frost Faerie with her.”
“Oh yeah! Ivolethe!”
The young woman brightened up, as if having a Frost Faerie follow you around was a good thing. She stared at the others and sighed.
“I’m just so glad you’re alright. So glad. I was worried.”
Ceria smiled slightly guiltily at Erin.
“We did it. It cost us a lot, but we did it.”
Pisces and Ksmvr nodded. Yvlon blinked and nodded as well, automatically.
“What—yes. Yes we did. And we have come here to repay the debt.”
“Not that we have any gold to pay you with.”
Pisces’ sardonic remark made Erin wrinkle her nose at him.
“I don’t care about that! I’m just glad you’re okay. Besides, Ryoka has all your stuff, right? When she comes back you can give me coin. Or a magical sword. That would be cool. Or the bag of holding! That would be so useful!”
“We owe you a great deal. We’ll find something worth repaying you with, even if it’s only a bucket full of gold.”
Ceria meant every word. Without Erin’s help they would have never had the coin to get to Albez, let alone found Ksmvr and joined up the way they had. Erin smiled, and then looked wistfully towards the window.
“And now that you’re here, you’ll help me go back, right? To Liscor?”
The others at the table sat up. Pisces cast a glance towards Ceria and she hesitated.
“I think we can. But it’s dangerous.”
“That’s okay. I’m used to danger.”
No one could disagree with that. Even so, Ceria hesitated. She looked around the inn. It was still messy, but it was a nice place, in its own way.
“Are you sure you couldn’t stay here? At least for a month or two? Celum isn’t bad.”
Erin looked at Ceria seriously.
“No, it isn’t bad. But Celum…it’s not Liscor, you know? All my friends are in Liscor—well, you’re here but you know what I mean. But my inn’s there, and so is Mrsha and Lyon and…I have to go back. Even if it’s dangerous. You get that, right?”
The half-Elf breathed out slowly as Ksmvr nodded across the table.
“I believe I do. We do. And we’ll help you get back, but we’ve got to be careful. But Erin, there’s one thing you haven’t talked about. How did you get here?”
Erin had been smiling at Ceria, but now her smile vanished in a flash. She looked down at the crumbs in the plate and drew a finger through them.
“Toren.”
Next to Ceria, Pisces sat up, looking suddenly alert and slightly worried. Ceria scooted closer to the table, staring at Erin.
“Yeah. Ryoka mentioned him. What about your skeleton, Erin? What happened?”
The girl looked at Pisces.
“He’s your creation, isn’t he? Can you tell where he is now?”
Pisces hesitated, then shook his head.
“I’m not linked to him at the moment. I can sense him, but only vaguely. He’s…to the south, a good distance away.”
“Okay. That makes sense. It…matches with what I’ve heard.”
Erin’s face was troubled. Ceria saw Yvlon staring at Pisces and the way the mage stared hard at Erin’s face.
“What did my creation do, exactly?”
“I’ll tell you all I know. But it—it makes no sense.”
Briefly, Erin told the adventurers everything that had led up to her arriving at Celum. Ceria watched Pisces’ face. It changed only a little as Erin spoke, but when she talked about Toren disappearing he glanced down at his hands.
