3.24
Page 12
All eyes were on the mage. He shifted in his seat, looking uncomfortable. Twice he glanced at Ceria, but then he sighed and sat up in his chair.
“Numerous theories come to mind. He could have been controlled, or simply gone rampant if my spells failed. However, both outcomes are unlikely in the extreme. My best theory is that he simply…grew too powerful for your commands to control him. And he decided to go his own way.”
“How?”
The word came sharply from Ceria. She stared at Pisces, heart beating faster.
“Toren’s just a skeleton, isn’t he?”
She remembered the skeleton’s gaze, almost intelligent. Almost alive. Pisces hesitated.
“He may have developed the capacity for thought.”
“Toren?”
Erin looked incredulous. So did Yvlon. Ksmvr just stared silently at Pisces as the mage nodded.
“It can happen. Revenants retain the personality of their former selves. Toren is no Revenant of course, but he could have gained the…ability to think.”
“Gained.”
The word was heavy on her tongue. Ceria couldn’t look away from Pisces.
“You keep using words like that. Gain. Grew. But the undead can’t grow. They’re not alive. They can’t change unless a [Necromancer] alters them in some way. Nothing can. Unless they can level.”
Pisces stared past Ceria. Silent. Unmoving. Ceria’s pulse was thunder in her ears. She remembered the past. She remembered Wistram, and she gave voice to her fears.
“Toren couldn’t have changed. Unless you did it. You actually did it. You gave him, an undead, the ability to level.”
Erin’s eyes grew wide across the table. Yvlon sat up straight, and even Ksmvr grew shocked. Ceria just stared at Pisces. He looked ahead, face emotionless. Then, slowly, the façade broke. His lips turned up. He looked at Ceria.
And smiled.
“You bastard!”
Ceria leapt from her chair. She knocked Pisces out of his seat, and slung him to the ground. He gasped as she put her hands around his throat and tried to choke him. Ceria felt him push her hands off him as Pisces backed away, speaking quickly, urgently.
“I didn’t know he would gain any type of sentience! His capability to level up was only meant to be a feature, nothing more!”
“You knew! You gave Erin an undead that could level! Are you insane!?”
Ceria pursued Pisces, ready to punch his brains out. To her surprise, hands grabbed her. Ksmvr used three of his to hold her, and Yvlon grabbed her other arm. Erin was just sitting at the table, looking blank and shocked.
“Yvlon!”
“Calm down, Ceria. We need to know just what Pisces did before you beat him to a pulp.”
The look in the woman’s eyes clearly said a beating was in order either way. Pisces gulped, but began to explain. He was too eager to do so. Ceria glared at him across the table as the [Necromancer]’s eyes lit up as he told the group what he had done.
“Yes, Ceria is right. I created an undead that could level. Toren, as Erin named him. He was just an experimental prototype—something meant to repay her and guard her inn. But I wanted to see if he could level as well, so I gave him to Erin. I never expected him to gain sentience, though.”
“He can think?”
Erin stared at Pisces, looking horrified. He hesitated, and then nodded.
“He must be able to, to abandon you and do what he has done. Had you noticed him taking independent action or…questioning your orders?”
“I didn’t—I thought it was just him being weird. But now…”
Erin stared at her hands, blinking.
“I—yeah. He did. He was acting so odd lately and I was going to bug you about it. He can think? He’s alive?”
“And he can level.”
