3.24
Page 11
“I don’t know what happened. I just fell asleep…and then I was all the way over here. Toren must have dragged me here in the sled when I slept. But he left me in the middle of nowhere.”
“I see.”
The Human [Mage] tapped the table, seeming to think. He looked…slightly worried, Ceria thought, and a foreboding feeling appeared in her chest.
“Pisces. What happened to Erin’s skeleton?”
“I have a number of theories but…it would be best to collect more information first. Miss Erin, have you heard anything else of your skeleton?”
Erin nodded, and now she looked…sad. Terribly sad.
“I kept asking Wesle—the [Guardsman]—about him. At first there was nothing. But…the other day he told me a skeleton on the road was attacking people. He killed a bunch of travelers and buried them in the snow. A group of adventurers nearly got killed by him, and afterwards they found all the dead people. Over twenty of them.”
All four people in the room stared at Pisces. He raised his hands defensively.
“I didn’t order him to do that!”
“Well then, what the hell happened!?”
Ceria stood up in her chair. She pointed a finger at Pisces, who flinched.
“That sure sounds like your spell failing! Did Toren lose control somehow? Why did he start killing people?”
“I don’t know. I have an idea but—”
“That’s not all.”
Erin interrupted the two. They stared at her. Erin stared at them in the darkness, her face only lit by the few candles burning low in the inn.
“There’s more. A bunch of reports just came from Esthelm.”
Yvlon stirred in her seat, looking confused.
“Esthelm? I thought it was destroyed.”
Erin nodded.
“It was. But apparently a bunch of people survived. They managed to retake the city—they fought off another army of Goblins and a bunch of undead. Apparently, a Goblin army came by just as all the dead in the city began to rise. And the dead were being led by a skeleton. One who could fight like a swordsman and had purple eyes.”
Pisces froze in his seat. Ceria stared at him, but Erin wasn’t looking at either of them.
“The people apparently were being led by this [Knight] guy. He saved them. Everyone’s talking about him. The Savior of Esthelm. A Gold-rank adventurer named Ylawes Byres.”
Yvlon froze in her seat, eyes wide. Ceria stared at her.
“Is that a relative of yours, Yvlon?”
She vaguely remembered the name from somewhere. Where? Then Ceria remembered.
The pit. The pit of insanity. At one point Yvlon had claimed to be Ylawes. Now the woman closed her eyes. When she opened them, she smiled ruefully.
“I know Ylawes. He’s my older brother. He must have journeyed south to see me. He normally works far to the north, around our family estates.”
Everyone stared at Yvlon. She just shrugged, tired.
“Surprised? I’m only a Silver-rank, but my brother’s quite famous up north. His team—the Silver Swords—often take up causes like this one. Esthelm’s just another one of his triumphs.”
“I’ve heard of the Silver Swords.”
It wasn’t as if Ceria knew all of the adventurer teams by heart, but the Gold-rank ones tended to stick in one’s memory. But she’d never known Yvlon had a brother. Then again, she’d never asked. It was surprising to say the least, but Yvlon didn’t seem to want to talk about her brother at the moment. She looked at Erin.
“Putting aside my brother…you said Toren was spotted at Esthelm?”
Erin nodded unhappily.
“Yeah. Leading the undead. They killed a lot of people. The attacking Goblins too, but a lot of people. It was definitely him.”
She looked at Pisces, helplessly.
“Why did he do it? Why did he run off and…”
