3.25
Page 10
“A shield seems to be the most appropriate use of the door. We could make a harness so Comrade Yvlon could use it in place of her armor. It would protect her back so she would have no need of armor. If an enemy attacked all she would have to do would be to turn around.”
The Antinium paused, waiting for feedback. Pisces just stared at him. After a moment, he cleared his throat.
“I should like to see that. But I believe using the door as any form of personal armament should be employed only as a matter of last resort. Even if you were to block a spell with this door, [Fireball], for instance, the explosion would still affect those hiding behind the door. Any neophyte mage could easily burn you with a low-Tier flame spell were you to use it as cover.”
“Oh. I see.”
Ksmvr felt disappointed. Seeing this, Pisces felt moved to offer him a bone.
“The true value in the door might not be in its practical use at all, but rather as a tool of study for me. I can learn a lot from the enchantments woven into it.”
The Antinium perked up. What helped Pisces was a boon for The Horns of Hammerad.
“Really? Can you copy the spells on the door?”
“Copy?”
Pisces coughed, and then laughed. He shook his head.
“That is far beyond my capabilities.”
“Why? Is it not simply a matter of reproducing the spell? That should be doable with time, should it not?”
“Yeah, [Mage]. What’s wrong? Is it too complex for you?”
Pisces ignored that comment from the front. Sniffing archly, he sat back. He took on the tone Ksmvr had associated with a lecture as he spoke out loud.
“The issue, Ksmvr, is that the nature of magic is not so linear as the philistines might have you think.”
“Hah!”
Again, Pisces ignored the wagon driver’s comment. Ksmvr nodded at him encouragingly. Magic was fascinating to him.
“Indeed?”
“Oh yes. You see, if this door—or should I say, this impressively enchanted self-activating portal device—were simply one enchantment, I dare say even Springwalker would be able to ascertain its nature quite quickly. But it is clearly not one enchantment. And the true exponential difficulty of a spell occurs when multiple layers exist.”
Ksmvr considered Pisces’ explanation and nodded.
“I see. So multiple spells cast on the same object increase the difficulty of analyzing and copying it?”
Pisces deflated somewhat at the Antinium’s calm response.
“…Yes.”
He turned back to the door, frowning at it.
“If it were just something like reinforcement, well, I could do that to a piece of wood, although not with the finesse or force of a true [Enchanter]. They could turn a piece of parchment into something as strong as steel…but as I’ve said magic changes when you layer another spell on top. It truly is quite incredible how many spells are worked into this wood.”
“That is why mages study so continuously?”
“To master the nuance of each spell and understand how magic can change, broadly speaking, yes. Even memorizing spells takes time, and comprehending concepts like spatial travel, well…”
“Can you [Teleport]?”
Pisces ignored that question. He gestured grandly at the door sitting on the back of the wagon.
“This wonder of magical engineering is clearly the work of a master [Mage]. Perhaps even an [Archmage]? Ah, probably not.”
He coughed.
“But studying it will surely raise my level, and it will be a far greater challenge than simply reading from a book of spells. When Springwalker sees this…”
“So you cannot copy the spell?”
Pisces paused, but then he nodded with a rueful smile.
