3.25
Page 13
“How much could we sell it for? If you think of it as—as a way to travel, you could get from one end of the city to the other in seconds! Any [Lord] would want it, if only as a novelty.”
“A bit plain for a [Lord]’s door.”
Yvlon put that in, although she looked no less impressed. She ran a hand over the wood surface.
“But paint it and—could we get a hundred gold coins for it, do you suppose?”
“Hundreds? Try thousands. As I was saying, this is incredible! But we need not sell it yet—just imagine the utility of it in a dungeon! We could retreat at any time.”
Pisces was talking faster as he waved his arms about. Ksmvr was proudly showing the stone to people and resisting all attempts of people trying to take it from him. Erin stared down at the door, and an idea seized in her mind. She looked up and spoke loudly.
“I want it.”
Everyone stopped talking. The Horns of Hammerad stared at her. Erin stared back. She pointed at the door.
“I want it. Can I have it?”
“What?”
Pisces was the first to speak. He looked incredulous.
“This door is—as much of a treasure as anything we recovered from Albez. It’s far more useful than a bag of holding. And you want—”
“Yes. I want it.”
Erin didn’t say out loud that the Horns of Hammerad owed her, but they had promised, hadn’t they? They’d said a treasure, and she could think of nothing she would want more than this door. She saw Ceria exchange a glance with the others. Pisces was spluttering.
“You can’t just demand—this is far too sudden to—”
“Yes.”
Ceria nodded. She smiled at Erin, and looked at the door.
“For you, Erin? Yes, you can have this…door.”
Yvlon nodded as well.
“We wouldn’t have gotten anywhere if it weren’t for you. And you lent us your gold—twice, now. Of course you can have it.”
Ksmvr nodded as well.
“This seems to be an acceptable form of remuneration. Here is your teleportation stone.”
He handed it to Erin. She held it gingerly. Pisces kept spluttering.
“But—I just got—it was my discovery and—”
“And you did well. Thank you.”
Erin smiled widely at Pisces. He blinked at her and threw his hands up in exasperation.
“Fine. I am outnumbered and overruled by the imposition of what some might call honor or common decency. Take the damned door!”
“I will.”
The young woman patted the door.
“My door.”
Pisces sniffed, clearly upset. Ceria laughed, and slung an arm around his shoulder. He froze up for a second and stared at her. She seemed surprised by the action as well, and released him quickly.
“Cheer up. Erin made a lot of food—and lunch for you two since you missed it. Although I suppose it would be dinner, now.”
Instantly he brightened up.
“Ah, well, I suppose that—”
“—But you’ll have to eat it on the wagon. We’ve got to go now if we want to get to any sort of settlement by nightfall.”
Ceria dragged Pisces back as he headed towards the inn. He complained, but soon he was helping drag the door onto the back of the wagon. Erin turned to help push it further in, and stopped.
A group of people were standing behind her. Miss Agnes, Maran, Safry, Jasi, Grev, Wesle, the [Actors], a number of regular patrons from her inn, Octavia…they stood, smiling at her.
Slowly, Erin stepped towards them. She felt…quite empty inside, really. As if there weren’t any tears to cry. And there weren’t.
There was only a smile. She smiled at them, and went to each one, hugging and kissing Wesle on the cheek and Grev on a dirty forehead, talking and saying goodbye.
