3.25
Page 3
Wesle was talking excitedly with the others, stroking his non-existent mustache excitedly. Beside him, Jasi was all aglow with happiness, as she had been every day. Grev was already running about, his rucksack bulging with props, changes of costumes, and scripts.
Wesle and Jasi weren’t the only two [Actors] of course. But they were certainly the stars. The other men and women – a surprising number being from the Watch – were all eager, expectantly waiting on Erin to help them learn another play in their spare time.
Faced with such enthusiasm, Erin couldn’t help but respond in kind. They’d just finished learning Hamlet, and while they might perform that now and then, she had to get them working on another play.
She hesitated. In truth, Erin hadn’t gone to that many plays over the course of her life. She now wished she’d seen musicals like Wicked, or at least watched it on Youtube. She knew Phantom of the Opera of course, but she didn’t actually like that play so much. The Phantom was a jerk when you got down to it.
What else could she perform? Macbeth? Erin shuddered. No. Not that. And she didn’t want to do Shakespeare at the moment for much the same reason.
Pygmalion? But it would be so hard to do the accents…Erin frowned. What about A Doll’s House? But then…that was too modern, wasn’t it?
“Drat.”
Ceria and Yvlon stood to the side of the inn, cleared out to give the [Actors] some room, talking intently. Excusing herself from the [Actors] who seemed only too happy to compare stories about the accolades they’d received, Erin wandered over. Would they like to act? Ceria probably wouldn’t, but then again…and Yvlon could probably play a great knight, right?
“I don’t know what you’re thinking of doing, but don’t.”
Erin paused as she got within earshot. Ceria was talking in a serious tone of voice, staring at the other adventurer. Yvlon looked…tense.
“He’s a danger. You heard what he can do!”
“I know. And I’ve known how talented he is. He might be arrogant and stupid and thoughtless, but Pisces doesn’t deserve to be killed just for creating one undead.”
“And the people that thing killed? What if he makes another one?”
“If he does, I’ll make sure he keeps it on a leash.”
“How?”
Yvlon folded her arms and winced. Ceria scowled, not able to answer.
“The fact that he hasn’t made another one tells you he’s thought of the dangers as well.”
“Or that he’s waiting to gain enough levels to control them completely. And then what? Do we have a second Necromancer walking about?”
“I’m telling you, it won’t come to that.”
“I can’t—”
The two women stopped when they realized Erin was standing next to them. Ceria turned, trying to smile. Yvlon didn’t even bother trying.
“Erin. Um, is something wrong?”
“Don’t kill Pisces just because he made Toren. Please.”
Erin said that to Yvlon. The woman crossed her arms defensively, looking grim.
“I know he’s your friend. But I can’t just ignore what I’ve heard.”
“Pisces isn’t a bad person.”
Yvlon stared at Erin incredulously. Ceria had a similar look on her face as well. Erin shook her head.
“He’s not. I know he’s really, really, really annoying, but he’s actually sort of a good guy inside. He’s saved my life at least twice. One time he froze a swarm of Acid Flies that were about to melt me, and the other—he sent a bunch of undead to protect me when Skinner attacked.”
“Really? I didn’t hear about that.”
“I never told anyone. But I saw them—ghouls and zombies and skeletons. They helped protect me when the undead were attacking my inn. Only Pisces could have sent them, but he never mentioned it.”
