3.25
Page 12
Erin stared dubiously at the heavy wood door. It looked as plain as plain could be. She wondered if Pisces and Ceria were playing a prank on everyone else, but Yvlon nodded.
“That’s the door. It doesn’t look like much but—if you could make armor out of it I’d wear it. I saw it take damage that would have shredded my plate armor.”
“Wow.”
No matter how hard Erin stared at it, she just couldn’t see it. But Pisces was clearly excited by the door. He waved his hands at Ceria, talking quickly.
“You won’t believe what I—and Ksmvr I suppose—have discovered! It’s a revolutionary—nay, unprecedented loophole in the spell matrix! I can’t believe it wasn’t covered!”
“Oh yeah? What’s so incredible?”
Ceria looked skeptical. Pisces pointed to the door, grinning broadly, one of the few times Erin had ever seen him happy.
“I managed to isolate the location aspect of the spell. Not only that—I figured out how to trigger it independently of the detection trap.”
Erin’s head swiveled with Yvlon’s towards Ceria. The half-Elf gasped.
“You don’t mean—seriously? And you did it on the ride back? Impossible!”
“Not.”
Pisces was smug. He gestured to the door.
“It all came down to a loophole. If you look around the doorknob—perhaps they didn’t have an adept mastery of enchantments? Or maybe the handle was added too late—either way I forced my way into the bindings from there and…”
He began talking gibberish, or perhaps Erin’s ears just shut down. She gathered that something important had happened by the way Ceria was reacting, but she couldn’t figure out what.
“Are we going to go?”
They had the wagon all ready, and a somewhat surly wagon driver ready to take them to Liscor. Ceria had said they’d be leaving soon. Yvlon shrugged, looking resigned.
“Mages. Give them a minute and then we’ll interrupt.”
Erin nodded. She looked around and frowned.
“Hey, where’s Ksmvr?”
The Antinium was nowhere to be seen. He hadn’t gone inside—had he run off? Erin wanted to ask Pisces—she didn’t want to go have to find Ksmvr as well!—when she heard a pop. Ksmvr appeared in front of the door, holding a small stone in his hands.
Yvlon gasped. Erin jumped and people on the street shouted in surprise. Ksmvr looked around proudly and Pisces broke off from chattering with Ceria to point at him gleefully.
“There, you see?”
“You can teleport to the door?”
“Yes!”
In an instant Erin was next to Ksmvr. She stared down at the stone in his hands and then at Pisces.
“How? Where? What?”
“It’s very simple. Actually, it’s not, but I’ll give you a simple explanation. The long and short of it is that we can take advantage of the door’s teleportation spell to teleport to the anchoring stone connected to it—or vice versa.”
Erin pointed at the stone in Ksmvr’s hands.
“You can teleport to that? And teleport back?”
“That’s what I said.”
“How many times?”
Yvlon’s eyes were wide with amazement. Pisces stroked at his chin, shrugging, speaking out loud.
“Any number of times. In time of course the enchantment will lose magic—it requires a huge amount to activate. But here’s the wonderful part—the magic will replenish itself over time!”
“Really?”
Erin was so excited her heart was beating out of her chest. Pisces nodded proudly.
“Quite extraordinary, really. It absorbs the natural mana in the environment—like any acceptably constructed artifact, I suppose—but it allows for practically unlimited uses of the teleportation magic!”
“This is incredible. That changes everything. This thing is—it’s actually useful.”
Ceria murmured as Ksmvr tried to keep people from crowding around the door. She tapped at the wood.
