3.25
Page 11
“I wouldn’t even dare try. The spells are so tangled up that reproduction is impossible. I’d have to unravel each layer of spells and if that didn’t destroy the entire weaving…no, no, I only intend to study what parts are visible.”
He sighed, losing some of his posturing. Ksmvr nodded.
“I see. Are there some parts which are easier?”
Pisces shrugged, irritated by his moment of genuine expression. He scowled as he bent back over the door, poking at the brass handle.
“The entire thing is a mess. Let me concentrate. It’s hard enough to sit on this bumpy wagon—”
“Watch it, [Mage].”
The wagon driver snapped back at Pisces. He made a face. Ksmvr sat forwards too. The door was just plain, solid wood of course, but now he was very invested in Pisces’ discoveries.
“Surely there are some aspects which are simplest to understand. The triggering mechanism for the spell was analyzing it, was it not?”
“Relatively simple, yes. Of course the part of the spell that detects people investigating it is fiendishly complex. But the trigger component I identified straight off.”
Pisces dismissed that with a wave of the hand. Ksmvr nodded eagerly.
“In that case, would it not be easiest to focus on that part of the spell, knowing the method to activation and outcome?”
In his multi-faceted eyes, the Antinium saw the young man pause. Pisces stared at Ksmvr, and then down at the door. He cleared his throat.
“Uh. Yes. That would be…well, it’s a good place to start as any, I suppose.”
“It is a shame you cannot reverse the effect. That would have been very convenient in the pit.”
Ksmvr meant this only as a segue into asking whether Pisces could teleport him a few times, just so Ksmvr could see what it was like when he wasn’t about to die. But Pisces’ face froze and after a second he burst into a huge and uncharacteristic grin.
Somewhat unnerved, Ksmvr paused as Pisces turned to him. The [Mage] gingerly clapped a hand on Ksmvr’s shoulder. The Antinium stared at the hand. After a moment Pisces let go.
“You, Ksmvr, are clearly a natural-born scholar, as perhaps befits your advanced standing among the Antinium.”
“Thank you.”
“Reversing the spell. What a novel idea! And of course the actual binding spell on the stone is ludicrously simple compared to the door. Why, it wouldn’t be hard to reverse—that is to say, to create a trigger to activate the teleportation spell and bring whomever was there to the door! In fact…”
“Does this mean you can teleport me?”
“More than that, my dear Ksmvr. If this means what I think it does—here…you hold this and I shall…”
The Antinium and Human excitedly rocked back and forth on the wagon, jabbering on about ‘possible sequential instances of anchorage’ and ‘activation mechanisms’ and so on. At the head of the wagon, the Adelynn tried not to listen. After a while, she tried to plug her ears with both fingers, but it was hard to do that and guide the wagon. She sighed.
 
—-
 
“You’re late.”
Ceria scowled at Pisces as he and Ksmvr lugged the door over to the front of the Frenzied Hare. The two had attracted quite a lot of attention as they’d dragged and carried it down the street. Now Ksmvr laid the door against the wall of the inn as Pisces panted for breath.
“Don’t blame me. If I could have conjured a few undead we wouldn’t have taken so long! Why no one appreciates the untapped potential of such labor—”
“Yes, yes.”
Ceria sighed, but she stared at the door, mildly impressed Pisces had managed to support his end of it. It was as heavy as it looked, she knew, and it looked heavy.
“Is that the door? The magic door?”
