3.25
Page 5
The singing was not. On stage, Jasi, playing as the [Ice Queen] named Elsa sang a song so famous that it needed no introduction. Nor, it seemed, any plot. The play was over, but the song was being sung once more to a crowd who cheered as Jasi raised her hand to raise her castle of ice out of the wooden stage.
From behind the curtains backstage, Ceria cast weak frost spells, making snow and cold winds blow across the cheering audience. Concentrating hard, she made snow appear and fall over the fake little castle that they’d built. The snow melted almost instantly in the sweltering room, but the crowd didn’t care. They cheered wildly as the song reached its thrilling conclusion.
Again. The [Mage] scowled at Yvlon and whispered to her as the song finished.
“This is the third encore performance!”
The other woman was sitting on a stool behind the stage, smiling as she ate tonight’s meal, fish and chips, which was to say, fish and fried pieces of potato that Erin insisted were in some way ‘french’.
“Bear with it. It’s cheering Erin up.”
Indeed, the other girl was clearly enjoying herself. Even though she was in the kitchen, Ceria could see her poking her head out every now and then to beam at the audience.
“Catchy song, though.”
Ceria shrugged.
“It loses its charm fast, especially when you’ve got to do the effects.”
“At least we’re being paid.”
“What’s with ‘we’?”
The half-Elf groused, but she had to smile. They were indeed being paid, and quite handsomely because the entire acting cast took a cut of the profits. And judging by the way the bag Grev carried around had to be emptied now and then, even a small cut would be a lot.
“You have to wonder though…where does Erin get all these stories from?”
Yvlon frowned as Jasi bowed and declined another performance. The audience called out in disappointment, but then rushed forwards to shake hands with the bowing [Actors] and buy them drinks.
Carefully, the half-Elf sat back on her haunches and didn’t quite look at Yvlon.
“They come from her nation, I guess. She’s from far off.”
“Really? What continent?”
“Erin’s never said. I think it’s private. Ryoka’s from the same place, though.”
“Really? That makes sense.”
The two sat behind the curtains, looking through it at the room full of life and a different kind of magic. After a while, Ceria sighed.
“It really is better than adventuring, isn’t it?”
Yvlon nodded, seeing Wesle surrounded by admiring young women—and older women—and males, come to it, but mostly young women—and the other [Actors], just as adored. It was like how they’d been treated in Remendia, but somehow more intimate and even more reverential at the same time. The citizens had hailed the Horns of Hammerad as people, but these [Actors] had brought another world to life in front of the people here.
“No monsters to fight, good food if you’ve got the right inn…”
“Admiring crowds, if you like sweaty Humans. Lots of coin…”
The two sat in silence. After a while, Yvlon shook her head.
“Not for me.”
Ceria smiled.
“Me neither. I guess we’re doomed fools, aren’t we?”
The woman laughed.
“Maybe not if Pisces gets back with that invincible artifact of his.”
“Oh? You figured it out?”
“It wasn’t hard, and he’s right. It might be useful. Do you think he’ll be back tomorrow?”
“Early, hopefully. They’ll camp out in a safe place, or maybe just stay in Ocre. He says with a wagon driver who has a movement Skill they can be back very soon.”
“Good.”
 
—-
 
The next day, Erin woke up feeling better. A lot better. She was still sad though, when she remembered why she should be. But she was better.
