3.25
Page 8
“Do consider it, dear Ksmvr. In our haste to acquire our spoils and flee the area, we had neglected to consider the magnitude of enchantment that must have been laid on this door. Not only did it survive a magical fire that damaged every artifact it touched—but it actually destroyed part of the fire construct when we used it as an impromptu weapon.”
“Ah yes. It was quite useful.”
“And yet, we, in our rush to escape, completely neglected to remember it. A vast oversight. Then again, I do not believe we could have carried it away as exhausted as we were. Fortuitously, my adept memory seized upon our neglect and led me to—”
“Yeah, yeah. Shut up and go get it already, would you?”
The wagon jerked to a halt, making Pisces bite his tongue. He glared at the woman driving the wagon, but she just stared back.
“Hurry up. If you want to be back in Celum, get moving. I’m not waiting around in this place forever. Even if it’s winter, monsters could still be about.”
That was true, and so Pisces and Ksmvr cautiously descended into Albez. They were quite willing to retreat at the first sight of any monsters, door or no door, but it seemed the ruins were still quite deserted.
“Let us go then, Ksmvr. Your strength should be invaluable in carrying the door.”
“Yes, Pisces. I shall lead the way in case monsters have retaken the dungeon.”
“Good point. I’ll stay…this far behind you. Lead on!”
There were no monsters, although there was a good deal of ash. Pisces and Ksmvr found the door lying in a pile of it. The [Mage] sneezed when Ksmvr pulled the door out. The Antinium nodded as he lifted it upright with all three of his arms.
“I can carry my end of it quite easily. If you will assist me—”
“Not so fast. We must descend into the pit.”
The Antinium paused and turned to Pisces in surprise.
“Why?”
Pisces nodded at the door.
“The door is only half of the spell. The other half, if you recall, teleports us to a set location. Into the pit in this case. A small object—usually a stone, perhaps some other mundane object—acts as the anchor for the teleportation spell. We must recover it or I’ll be teleported here if I should make a mistake with the door.”
“But is it not extremely dangerous? Captain Ceria covered the [Insanity] spell with mud, but it may have been removed in the time since we were gone.”
Pisces smiled confidently.
“Have no fear, Ksmvr. I am well-prepared for this eventuality.”
As it turned out, his solution was much the same as Ceria’s. After Pisces built a staircase out of bone, he cast a spell which filled the pit with billowing yellow smoke. Coughing and swearing, the mage descended into the pit and shot clinging mud in every direction. After he’d released the spell and Ksmvr had come down, the Antinium saw the pit was covered, with no sign of the [Insanity] symbols on the walls.
“That was quite admirable, Pisces.”
He complimented the wheezing mage. Pisces coughed, and waved a hand.
“Think nothing of it. This is a simple trap to bypass, if the correct precautions are taken.”
Ksmvr nodded at the plain truth of that statement. He looked around.
“And where is this anchoring stone?”
“It shouldn’t be too big. It could even be the size of my hand—smaller. I can find it ah…if I trace the magic link…here!”
