3.25
Page 7
Erin laughed and hugged Octavia back. She’d miss her, she was surprised to realize. She’d miss Octavia’s fast-talking ways. She’d miss the horrible smells in her shop—
She’d miss the entire city, if it came to that. Celum was…it wasn’t as nice as Liscor, in some ways. It wasn’t as exciting, and the people were just people. But it had its own charm, and it had taken Erin in when she was lost.
She’d miss it. But she had to go. So Erin went back to the Frenzied Hare and caught up with Ceria who’d found someone willing to make the relatively dangerous journey to Liscor, provided a Silver-rank team was going with him. Yvlon had brought provisions for the journey and asked about the roads—no Goblin armies had been sighted close to any cities, although raiding groups had torched a few villages.
All they had to do was wait for Pisces and Ksmvr. And as it happened, the two were already close to the city. And they had the artifact in tow.
 
—-
 
Earlier that day, Pisces had been willing to fight an entire Goblin army if it meant shutting Ksmvr up.
“What is the artifact? I still do not understand. Please enlighten me, comrade Pisces.”
It was the 38th time the Antinium had asked Pisces the question. Pisces knew that because he’d counted. Each time. They were sitting on a bumping wagon as it drove towards the Ruins of Albez. The mage blinked wearily as the dawn’s light hit his face.
It was far too early for this. But they had to move quickly, if they wanted to be back in Celum before evening. Ksmvr poked Pisces and the [Mage] snarled at him.
“Stop that!”
“I will if you answer my question. What is the artifact?”
“I told you to figure it out yourself!”
Part of Pisces dearly wanted to tell Ksmvr just to get it over with, but the young [Mage] was too stubborn for that.
“All the clues should be obvious. You were there! Just…think!”
“I have thought. I do not know what it could be. I wish for you to tell me.”
“Dead gods. It’s the door, the door. Okay!?”
That didn’t come from Pisces. It came from the wagon driver. She turned around, glaring, her eyes red and bloodshot. She was the same wagon driver who’d taken them from Remendia. She was the only one willing to risk her neck going so close to Albez, and clearly, she was unhappy with her decision.
Both [Mage] and Antinium stared at her. The wagon driver glared at them. After a moment, Pisces spoke.
“How did you come to that conclusion?”
“You explained it to the Ant about a half-dozen times. It was obvious. The door’s the only thing you lot didn’t take, apart from the ashes and the dungeon itself!”
The woman snapped at the two of them. Pisces turned to Ksmvr.
“You see?”
The Antinium only cocked his head sideways.
“Why is the door important? I do not understand. Please explain it to me, comrade Pisces.”
“First, call me comrade one more time and I will blast your mandibles off your face. Second—”
Pisces hesitated. But now that the secret was revealed, he had a deep urge to explain everything.
“The door is important because it cannot be destroyed. And it has a potent teleportation spell worked into its makeup.”
“Oh?”
Pisces nodded. He sat back in the wagon and stared up at the grey sky. It was far too cold, he felt, even with the warming spells that allowed him to wander around in nothing but his dirty robes. He gestured at Ksmvr to relax; the Antinium stayed sitting perfectly upright. Pisces made a face, but began to explain.
