3.25
Page 4
Yvlon hesitated, but she still looked unconvinced.
“Still—”
“You’re on his team. You can watch him better than if you scare him away.”
Ceria reminded Yvlon. The woman grimaced and sighed.
“Fine. He’s my teammate too, Ceria. Silver and steel, why can’t anything ever be simple? My brother never mentioned having trouble with his group, and one of them is a Dwarf.”
“A Dwarf? Really?”
Erin was fascinated. Yvlon nodded, smiling a bit.
“They’re rare enough on Terandria, never mind the other parts of the world. Ylawes said it was pure luck he ran into him in a tavern.”
“He’s your brother, right? He came all this way to look for you?”
That sounded like a great brother to Erin, who’d never had siblings. Yvlon grimaced, though. She spoke reluctantly.
“He’s…overprotective. And a far better adventurer than I.”
That was clearly all she wanted to say on the topic. After a second Yvlon changed the subject. She glanced behind Erin at the [Actors].
“I thought they came here to learn a new play.”
“They did. I just don’t know what I should teach them.”
Erin confessed to her friends. Ceria just shrugged. She liked the play she’d seen, but she couldn’t imagine practicing with the enthusiasm the others seemed to have.
“Let us know if we can help. I’m not going to memorize any lines, but I could always do a few spells if the performance needs more action.”
She flicked a few sparks of electricity from her fingers, making Yvlon swear. Ceria looked abashed—Erin saw the electricity trying to jump onto the metal on Yvlon’s arms.
“You can do that? Well of course!”
Erin slapped her forehead as she realized how stupid she’d been. Special effects! Any [Mage] could add so much to a performance! Especially someone like Ceria. At the very least, she could help cool down the inn when it was so full of people. Even on a winter night, so many bodies were stiflingly hot. But Ceria could probably lower the temperature enough to…
Erin’s thoughts slowed down. She stared at Ceria. The half-Elf just blinked at her.
“Erin?”
She had lovely blonde hair. Well—in point of fact Ceria had dirty blonde hair. But Yvlon, now, she looked beautiful, and blonde as could be. Both women made Erin jealous—she didn’t think she had a bad face or hair, but compared to Yvlon’s beauty and Ceria’s otherworldly appearance, she felt plain. And Ceria could use frost magic.
And it was winter…
“Erin? Are you okay?”
Winter plus frost magic equaled…what? It had to do with plays, and it was on the tip of her tongue! Erin screwed up her face as Ceria looked at her.
“Erin, do you need to sit—”
“Frozen!”
The word exploded out of Erin’s mouth. Ceria blinked, wiped a bit of spit off her face, and stared at Yvlon. The other woman looked just as confused.
“You want Ceria to freeze the actors? The audience?”
“No, no!”
The young woman waved excitedly at the other two, mind suddenly ablaze with ideas. She looked at Ceria, and then began waving at the [Actors]. They were already congregating around her, sensing the impending drama.
“Hey you guys, come on over! I just had the greatest idea for the next performance we can do! It has singing!”
“Singing?”
Ceria raised her eyebrows, intrigued. She looked at Erin as the girl beamed at her.
“I like songs. Are there any good ones?”
 
—-
 
There was no piano accompaniment. Pianos did exist in this world, but no one was going to lug one over to the Frenzied Hare. Instead, a few [Musicians] with string instruments provided a decent melody. That had been the hardest part.
