3.25
Page 2
Pisces nodded. Ceria turned to him, frowning.
“What’s that supposed to mean. If you think you’re going to run off while we—”
He raised his hands.
“Please, Springwalker. Credit me with some—well, that is part of the reason. But I believe you will agree with my reasoning when I explain myself.”
“Hurry up, then.”
Pisces nodded. He was clearly trying to make an effort to be sociable today.
“I would like to hire a horse—or perhaps wagon—and visit Albez to recover an artifact our expedition left behind.”
“What?”
The other Horns of Hammerad stared at him. Ceria frowned.
“What artifact? We couldn’t have possible left anyt—oh.”
Her eyes widened as she realized what Pisces was talking about. She glanced around as he nodded, keeping his face smooth and calm. No one was sitting close to them, for which Ceria was suddenly grateful.
“It slipped my mind as well, but I believe it would be an egregious waste to leave it there. With luck, any scavengers will have overlooked it if they even found our dig site.”
“True.”
Ceria nodded. She ignored Yvlon and Ksmvr’s confused looks as she pondered the issue.
“Yeah, going now would be best. We don’t have much coin—”
“We could borrow it.”
Dismayed, Ceria looked at Erin. But they had no choice, did they?
“Alright, I’ll ask Erin. Pisces, are you intending to go alone? Albez attracts monsters and more could have popped up by now.”
He raised his eyebrows.
“I am adept at using the [Invisibility] spell, you know.”
She hadn’t forgotten. Ceria frowned at Pisces.
“Monsters have noses. Some of them do, at any rate.”
Ksmvr raised his hand.
“I shall go with comrade Pisces. Although what is it that we are seeking?”
Pisces smiled knowingly.
“Simply recall our journey through the dungeon and you will come to the natural conclusion, Ksmvr.”
The Antinium paused. Yvlon looked at Ceria. The half-Elf just shrugged.
“Probably best if we don’t say it out loud. You never know.”
The woman frowned. Ceria looked at Erin and sighed.
“I’m going to stay with Erin. But if Ksmvr goes with you, Pisces, I’ll feel a lot better. Yvlon—”
“I’ll stay here.”
Yvlon said that almost too quickly. Ceria looked at her and nodded slowly.
“Then I’ll talk to Erin.”
The girl was staring at a fork loaded with greasy bacon when Ceria walked over.
“Hey, ah, Erin.”
“Mm?”
The girl didn’t look at her. Ceria coughed, looked around once, and then bent over to talk with her.
“I’m really, really embarrassed to ask this, but Pisces thinks there’s something else we could recover from Albez. Could you—”
Erin unhooked her money pouch from her belt and thrust it at Ceria.
“Grn.”
The half-Elf blinked at the pouch. She took it, extracted a few coins, and then gave the pouch back to Erin. She tossed the coins at Pisces who magically caught them in the air. He nodded to her and walked purposefully out of the inn with Ksmvr following. Ceria caught the Antinium asking Pisces again as they left.
“What is the artifact? I do not understand.”
Yvlon came over and smiled at Erin.
“Hey, Erin. How are you doing?”
“Blmblcrkn.”
It was probably a reply. Ceria stared at Erin, and then took the plate away from her. And the fork. It clearly wasn’t helping matters.
“Why don’t we go around the city? Come on.”
Ceria and Yvlon practically dragged Erin out of the inn, whereupon both did all they could to cheer Erin up. It worked, a bit. But the main reason Erin snapped out of her fugue was when the [Actors] came calling.
“Another huge success. I was on patrol and I was talking nonstop about the play last night. Barely got down the street before my shift was over.”
