3.26 G
Page 11
“When the Goblin King lived, his raiding parties were tens of thousands strong. So I have heard. A Goblin Lord stands second-highest to a King. He is strong.”
“Strong. But he is no true Goblin.”
That came from Garen, and it was damning as it was shocking to hear, even though Rags knew his opinion. Tremborag gazed down at Garen silently, and nodded.
“He is not. But I ask again. Why do you come here, Garen Redfang?”
Everyone knew the answer, but Garen had to say it. He bared his teeth.
“To fight against the Goblin Lord. Together.”
Rags held her breath, forgetting for a moment that it was she who should have made the offer. Tremborag nodded closing his eyes briefly. But when he looked at Garen it was with another one of his smiles, as if he was playing some huge trick on the Hobgoblin.
“You say to ally. But here I sit in my kingdom in the mountain. My Goblins are strong. Why should I ally with you, you who has abandoned his home?”
Now Rags could answer. She opened her mouth, but to her outrage Garen stepped past her and spoke in her place. He gestured at her and the Goblins behind him. Rags had her hand on her sword, itching to stab him.
“I am strong. My tribe and other tribes—under Rags—is strong. And she is smart. She can lead armies to battle.”
At least he said that. Tremborag’s eyes focused on Rags briefly again, assessing, discarding.
“So? I have armies and strong and smart warriors of my own.”
Garen nodded. He touched something else, something hidden behind his armor. Rags stared at it, knowing what it had to be. A little key.
“I have something else. A prize. You know what it is.”
Tremborag stared at Garen’s hand. He nodded. Spoke quietly.
“Yes. I know what you have. And that false Goblin to the south shall not have it.”
The two stared at each other for a long minute. Then Tremborag nodded. He rose, and laughed. Then he spread his arms wide.
“So be it! Garen Redfang, we will fight together! This Goblin Lord will not rule us. And he will break his teeth upon this mountain if he should come for battle.”
A moment’s breath as Goblins understood this, and then thunder rang out as hundreds, thousands of voices shouted out. Rags realized the throne room, the banquet room, wasn’t just filled with warriors. Goblins, ones who were lesser warriors or not fighters at all, filled the upper balconies dug out of the rock or stood clustered around the entrance to the throne room.
Garen strode forwards, and he and Tremborag met. They didn’t hug or shake hands, but they stood together and so it was done. Rags knew it. And she also knew something else.
She’d lost her power here. Garen had taken it without a fight and without saying so, but he had taken it from her.
She just didn’t understand how.
 
—-
 
She confronted him as the banquet room was filling with thousands of Goblins. Tremborag was as good as his word, and he had declared a feast to celebrate. Huge baskets full of food, cooked meat and raw, and many other foods, vats of bubbling soup, were being taken out to feed the hungry mass of Goblins.
Rags wasn’t eating just yet. She stopped Garen as he finished peeing in a corner where other Goblins had done the same by the smell of it. He looked at her and grinned.
“Little Chieftain.”
That was it. Rags aimed a kick at the thing dangling between his legs. Garen frowned and blocked the blow.
“Painful. Don’t do that.”
 
I am Chieftain!
 
She shouted it at him. Garen just pulled his pants up and shrugged. He looked at her as if he’d done very little wrong; an inconsequential thing she was getting worked up over.
