3.26 G
Page 4
Frankly, it made Rags furious. She jumped off her mount to give her stiff legs a chance to move. She glared up at Garen, ignoring the way his wolf sniffed at her. If it licked her, she’d punch it in the nose.
 
Report.
 
He blinked at her, almost as if he was surprised by her tone. But he answered her casually.
“We are here. This is the place where the other tribe lives.”
 
Here?
 
Rags glanced around the miserable little forest. This was hardly the place she’d have chosen for a tribe. But Garen just nodded.
“Here. In the Human lands.”
 
They are strong?
 
Rags wanted to know all the details he’d withheld from her. But her question seemed to amuse Garen. He laughed loudly, and she flushed. Other Goblins would watch them talk! Garen hadn’t dismounted. Did he not understand how to behave in front of his own Chieftain?
Garen pointed at the mountain.
“There. There is where they live. And they are strong, yes.”
He raised his voice. Rags saw Goblins’ heads turn as he spoke loudly. Garen gestured to the sky.
“This is the land where Goblins are strongest. The Humans have built grand cities and their adventurers fight with all monsters. But the Goblins remain, and fight. This is the place where Goblins are mighty.”
Rags had never heard of the tribes living to the north. But she had never ventured out of the area around Liscor, never known more than her miserable existence in her small tribe before this. She looked at Garen.
 
Strongest Goblins live here?
 
He shrugged, as if he actually wasn’t sure.
“On this continent. Aside from Goblin Lord. Others live across the sea. On islands. They are strong too. But here? Yes.”
 
Across the sea?
 
There were other Goblins on other continents? Rags couldn’t imagine it. But Garen nodded. He had seen the world Rags couldn’t imagine.
“Some live on Terandria, but fewer. Some on Chandrar too; strong tribes, that live in their own places. Few on Baleros. Fewer still on Rhir. Too much death there. Overwhelming death.”
One of the worst kinds of death. Rags shuddered. Garen nodded darkly, baring his teeth in a scowl.
“We live in other places. But the enemies find us wherever we go. The last Goblin King came across sea. Many did. They fought greater enemies than Drakes and Gnolls and Humans.”
 
But tribe here. It is—
 
Rags hesitated. Inwardly, she cursed the fact that she still couldn’t speak the common language like Garen could. The Goblin tongue was so…so…hard to use! There were countless words for death, but few words for what she needed.
 
It is strong? Leader is strong? Will help?
 
“He is. And he may help. We will see.”
 
How?
 
Garen shrugged. Rags wanted to punch him, but he sat too high up. He looked towards the mountain and nodded to Rags.
“I will go. To prepare. You follow.”
That wasn’t what was supposed to happen. Rags was supposed to order him to do that, not the other way around! She opened her mouth to shout that at Garen, but he was already wheeling his wolf, letting it lope towards the foot of the mountain.
Disgusted, Rags watched him ride away, already calling out to other Chieftains and his warriors. Not good. She was losing more control over him each day, she felt.  What would happen if she lost what control she had left? She didn’t know, but she feared the result, especially as she prepared herself to meet this new Chieftain.
 
—-
 
