3.27 M
Page 10
And found herself in a gargantuan room, staring up at the Queen of the Free Antinium under Liscor. The massive Antinium—more insectile than humanoid—paused as she lifted a morsel of what might have been food to her mouth with feelers.
“What is this?”
Soldiers. They appeared next to Mrsha. They’d been guarding the doorway! She turned to run, but they were blocking the entrance, boxing her in! Their hands were raised to bludgeon her to death, but a deep feminine voice rumbled.
“Hold.”
The Soldiers froze instantly. Mrsha raised her head cautiously; she’d been cowering on the ground. She turned to the Queen, and heard a rumble like a sigh.
“Child of Gnolls. You should not be here.”
Carefully, Mrsha padded forwards. The Queen’s full body was obscured in the partial darkness. Mrsha only had the impression of a bulbous, huge abdomen and…body parts that were feelers and antennae rather than arms and legs.
“So now the people living here are fearless enough to let their young intrude into the Hive? I should feel glad—but I do not. Only death awaits trespassers here. You should know that child, or your parents should.”
Mrsha could only hold still as the massive presence regarded her.
“White fur? How intriguing.”
She knew. Mrsha bowed her head. In this place, she couldn’t run. Her ears perked up as she heard hammering footsteps, and then another Antinium ran into the room. He had to pause—the Soldiers barred his way, but after the Queen gestured, they moved aside smoothly. She recognized Klbkch on sight.
“My Queen! I arrived as soon as I heard of the intrusion. Where is—”
He stopped when he saw Mrsha.
“You?”
“You know this Gnoll, Klbkch?”
“She belongs at the inn, my Queen.”
“The one with the girl Erin Solstice.”
Another sigh echoed throughout the room. Mrsha saw Klbkch staring at her. He slowly walked in front of Mrsha as if shielding her.
“It seems this innkeeper causes trouble even when she is not here.”
“This child does not know the rules of Liscor, my Queen. I am sure her trespass was accidental.”
“Perhaps. But the rules must be kept. Make sure other visitors to the city are aware of this. And this Gnoll…”
Again, Mrsha felt the Queen staring at her, and this time it was with more than a hint of malice. She trembled, hiding behind Klbkch, feeling the need to pee.
“I am sure the citizens of Liscor would be greatly disturbed if she were to be harmed.”
“I am not a fool, Klbkchhezeim. Very well, take the Gnoll cub away. But while you are here—tell me, what do the others do?”
Klbkch relaxed slightly. He bowed his head towards the Queen.
“Nothing, as of yet. They are resting. It has been a long journey; some marched for over a week with little rest.”
“Hm. You are attending to their needs?”
“Of course.”
“…Xrn is here.”
The name meant nothing to Mrsha, but she saw how Klbkch’s posture changed when he heard it. He nodded.
“Her presence is extraordinary. But perhaps it is a sign that the Grand Queen is open to your ideas at last?”
“Or perhaps she has directed her attention here for another reason. Perhaps she seeks you, Klbkchhezeim.”
Silence from the Antinium in front of Mrsha. She saw the Antinium Queen shift posture, heard her voice deepen ominously.
“She cannot have you. The Grand Queen will not take you from me, Klbkch. My Slayer.”
“I am loyal.”
That was all Klbkch said, but it was not enough. Mrsha felt so. The Queen’s voice was almost hesitant as she addressed the Revalantor of her hive.
