3.27 M
Page 15
And then she ran, because the things were chasing her. But Mrsha believed she would be saved. She clung to it. That word she barely understood. That feeling in her that was all that stood between her and despair, her and the darkness.
Hope.
 
—-
 
They stopped her at the gates, a Gnoll and a Drake. But she battered at them with her hands, screamed.
“You have to let me in! I need adventurers! I need help!”
But they held her back. The Gnoll’s face was openly hostile, the Drake’s put upon. They spoke to her, but Lyonette didn’t care.
“Please! Mrsha—she’s down there!”
They didn’t understand. They tried to take her away, force her back. Lyonette hit them. She bit and struggled—even when the Gnoll unsheathed his sword. She would have taken it through her heart if it meant someone would listen.
But the hand that closed over the Gnoll’s arm and pulled the sword away required no sacrifice. Zel Shivertail looked down at Lyon as the Drake [Guardsman] gaped in awe.
“Tell me what’s wrong.”
 
—-
 
The Drake [General] strode through the streets when he heard what had happened. He brought Lyon into the city and summoned the Watch. She ran to the Adventurer’s Guild.
No one there would help her. No one, but a [Scout] who raised his head when he heard her plea. He left his group, and someone came with him.
The Watch called out for aid. They found it. Klbkch walked down into his Hive and spoke to someone waiting there. She and he walked towards the surface.
Lyonette was hurrying towards the gates when the Gnolls appeared. She was afraid, but one of them walked towards her. Krshia had no love for Lyon, but the bow in her hands was not meant for the girl.
And so Lyonette ran through the snow, followed by six people. Six. She prayed it was enough, but there was no time to ask for others. She ran desperately, heart pounding out of her chest. Iron was in her mouth; she seemed to breathe fire each time she inhaled. But she ran faster so that she would be fast enough.
“There.”
She almost cried as she pointed down into the crevice. Zel stared at it grimly.
“Deep. That’s at least a hundred feet down—”
“Far more.”
Halrac stared into the darkness, face grim. He turned to Lyonette.
“Are you sure you heard her down there? If she fell—”
“I’m sure. Please, you have to help!”
“The dungeon is down there.”
Klbkch said the words flatly. Halrac and Zel stared at him, one in alarm, the other confused.
“The dungeon? Are you sure?”
“Yes. This place—the location matches a part of the dungeon. And I believe it goes straight down into the heart of it.”
“We can’t go down there unprepared. It would be suicide.”
Halrac bit his lip hard enough to draw blood as he said it. Lyonette stared at him in desperation. But the woman standing next to Halrac gritted her teeth.
“The hell we can’t. I’m going, if you can tie that rope to something secure. No—don’t bother. Just hold it as I go down, Halrac.”
Jelaqua Ivirith hefted the two-handed flail in her hands as she stared at the dungeon grimly. Zel eyed her.
“Aren’t you a Selphid?”
“So?”
She glanced at him challengingly.
“I have a soft spot for children, and those shunned by others. And it seems like this young Gnoll is both. Let me help find her; I’m a Level 33 [Iron Tempest].”
“What class is that?”
“It’s a class derived from [Flailmaster]. I have the Skills to fight a pack of foes at once, if that’s what’s lurking down there. Are you coming or not?”
“I will go.”
Zel nodded at once. Lyonette was nearly in tears—he gripped her hands reassuringly.
“I will enter as well.”
“As will I.”
