3.27 M
Page 3
Filled with hot shame, Mrsha retreated back from the Human girl. She hid by another table. So tired. So afraid! She remembered, and looked past Lyonette to stare at the Drake who was eying her.
He was there. He had been there when she had lost her tribe. He—
He didn’t recognize her. At all. Why?
Because of her fur. Mrsha stared down at her white paws as Lyonette stepped back, looking hurt.
“Sorry about that. I guess Mrsha’s just a bit grumpy today.”
“So I see. I might have upset her—Gnolls can be very territorial. It’s strange though. I’ve never seen a Gnoll with white fur before.”
“Oh? But you’ve heard of Gnolls with white fur? I thought Mrsha was unique.”
The Gnoll backed slowly away from the two as Lyonette turned to Zel eagerly. Her heart was beating too fast and she still felt—he had been there. And because he had been there, Mrsha felt like she was back there, too.
“I’ve heard of it. It’s more of a rumor than anything else, but the Gnolls believe certain colors have meaning. White, for instance, is not a natural color for Gnolls of any tribe.”
“But it means something? Ryoka was saying that she thought it had a meaning, but none of the Gnolls would tell her what it meant.”
“I can tell you what I know, but it’s just rumors…”
Mrsha turned away. She covered her floppy ears with her paws. She did not want to hear. She knew what her fur meant.
It meant her tribe was gone. And it meant it was her fault. Mrsha knew that. She couldn’t deny it, no matter how much she wanted to.
[Last Survivor]. Level 8. That was what the voice had told her. It had told her she was the last.
There was no one left.
The knowledge crushed Mrsha, pressed down on her heart until it seemed like there was no air to breathe, no place to exist. They were dead. Her tribe—the Stone Spears—
Were dead.
Because of her.
It felt like suddenly the world was darker, the ceiling lower. And Mrsha was smaller, and it was hard to breathe. She gasped and trembled underneath her table as voices echoed overhead, weirdly distant.
She had to leave. She had to get out. Mrsha stared towards the door, and then ran for it.
“Mrsha! Where are you going?”
Lyonette turned to the Gnoll as she reached up for the handle. Mrsha froze guiltily, but the girl went on.
“Going to the outhouse? Alright, but come back quickly! And don’t try to crawl down there! Remember last time?”
Mrsha didn’t turn. She just opened the door and escaped into the powdery snow. Immediately the world turned bright and white, and cold. Mrsha with all her fur felt cold, but she didn’t care. At this moment she couldn’t bear to be in the inn, not near the Drake who smelled of death and reminded her of what she’d lost. Mrsha looked around the snowy landscape.
There was only one place to go, really. The city. As young as she was, Mrsha still knew the dangers of being alone in the wilderness. So she began to run through the snow, barely visible in the morning light. She was a white patch of color amid a scene dedicated to the very same color.
So perhaps it was no wonder the Drake on guard on the southern gate didn’t notice her. He was standing at attention, but idly. And he didn’t have the nose of a Gnoll, so Mrsha slipped past him with no effort.
And then she was in the streets, staring around at the building curiously, and at the many Drakes and Gnolls—and the few Humans—walking down the streets. A thousand scents assaulted Mrsha’s nose at once, and she breathed out slowly.
