3.27 M
Page 7
“Keep away from her, Jelaqua. You’ll scare her.”
Halrac said this irritably, catching Jelaqua’s hand. She glanced at him in annoyance, then looked at Mrsha’s wide eyes.
Jelaqua stopped, sighed, and withdrew her hand. She smelled like death, but she still moved as if she were alive. Mrsha’s fur stood up on end as she scooted her chair away towards Halrac’s seat.
“Aw, don’t be like that little Gnoll. You’re the only one of your kind who hasn’t walked twenty paces wide of me since I’ve been here.”
The woman pulled the plate of snacks across the table and pushed it gently towards Mrsha. The Gnoll hesitated, and then grabbed one greedily. Breakfast seemed an age ago.
“Here. Have one of these. And—[Barmaid]! Drinks for the table, if you would! Ale!”
The pale woman turned and called out to a passing Drake, who nodded, eyes wide as she stared at the woman. Unperturbed, Jelaqua turned back and nodded to Ulrien.
“We’ll pay for what we order, don’t worry.”
Ulrien waved a big hand.
“Forget it. Coin for food and drink is hardly something Gold-rank adventurers need to worry about.”
Jelaqua paused, and then nodded her head to him with a wry smile.
“We’re used to arguments over it. And with how much Moore can drink, well, it’s good to get that out of the way, especially when we’re trying to negotiate.”
“Negotiate? About what?”
Halrac stared suspiciously at the three adventurers. Typhenous rolled his eyes and stroked his beard with one hand.
“There can be only one thing. The dungeon.”
Jelaqua nodded.
“Of course.”
“If you think we’ll give up our claim—”
“Halrac.”
Ulrien’s word silenced the [Scout]. Jelaqua shook her head.
“We’re not here for that. Rather, we’d like to team up.”
“Really?”
The adventurers on Halrac’s side seemed surprised, although Mrsha didn’t understand what was actually happening.
“It’s only practical. It’s too dangerous by ourselves.”
That came from the huge giant, Moore. He had a surprisingly soft voice and he nibbled at one of the doughy discs very carefully.
“We’ve gotten scratched up twice going in there. Both times we didn’t have the numbers for a clean fight. And I’ve heard every other team that’s gone in has run into all sorts of hellish traps, same as us. Those that make it out, that is. If we want to make real progress, we need to work together.”
“Seborn is right.”
Jelaqua took a mug from the tray the Drake [Barmaid] was carrying, ignoring the way the Drake flinched as she stared at the Selphid. Jelaqua took a drink, grimaced.
“Dead gods. This isn’t good stuff. How much do you pay to stay at this inn? Anyways, the last time we went into the dungeon we ran into a pit trap the length of the entire corridor and fifty feet down. If Moore hadn’t cast a spell we’d be dead. But after we landed—guess what was at the bottom of the pit? A colony of Metalbite Slimes.”
Halrac and the other adventurers made noises of dismay. Ulrien shook his head.
“That’s…bad.”
Jelaqua drained the rest of her mug, grimacing. She did not call for a refill.
“Right? But I’ll bet you ran into just as bad a trap. Did you see what chased the last group of adventurers out? The Children. There are entire colonies of monsters in that dungeon, branching pathways that seem to change each time we go in, and traps both magical and mundane—we can’t handle it alone. The Halfseekers are already understrength, but we thought if we combined forces we might stand a chance of getting somewhere in this dungeon. What do you think?”
The team of Griffin Hunt turned and conferred silently. After a moment, Ulrien nodded.
“We could use the extra help.”
