3.27 M
Page 16
Two Antinium said that. Klbkch, and an azure one Lyonette had never seen before. She held a staff in her hands and watched Zel as carefully as he ignored her. She inclined her head to him.
“Zel Shivertail. Will you permit me to lend my aid here?”
“Just this once, I will accept your help.”
He said the words coldly as he stared into the darkness. Zel turned.
“Can we anchor the rope to something? Let’s move! Mrsha could be in danger as we speak.”
“Almost done.”
Krshia was helping Halrac fix anchors in the ground for the rope they’d brought. She stood up, bow in hand, and nodded to the rope.
“We will have to hold on, very tightly, going down. Or else we will fall.”
“No need for that. I will cast a [Featherfall] spell and slow us.”
The mysterious Antinium said that. The others looked at her in surprise; none of the others had realized she was a mage.
“Going up will be slower, then.”
“Up can be slow as it must. Down is most important. So let us hurry, no?”
Klbkch hesitated as he looked at Krshia.
“Are you sure you wish to risk this, Miss Krshia? The danger—”
She bared her teeth at him and he shut up.
“She is in danger, and my responsibility. At least in part. I will go.”
“Gather around me.”
Zel, Jelaqua, Klbkch, and Krshia did as Xrn ordered. Jelaqua glanced sideways, and grinned at Halrac.
“Change of heart?”
He just shrugged, face grim.
“If I’d have known we were going into the dungeon, I would have brought everyone. Girl, go back into the city and tell them what’s happened.”
“I will. Thank you! Please—bring her back!”
“We will.”
Several of them said it at the same time. The group looked around and Zel had to bare his teeth ruefully.
“It occurs to me I don’t know who any of you are. Well, the non-Antinium at any rate.”
“Indeed. I hesitate to suggest this, but some of us are more capable than others.”
Klbkch nodded at Zel. Jelaqua just laughed.
“Don’t worry about me fighting in close quarters. I can handle myself.”
“Names, then.”
Halrac grunted. He eyed Xrn as the Antinium whispered and raised her staff. No lights flashed, but magic was done.
Slowly, the group walked over to the abyss. They spoke as they stood staring at each other.
“Klbkch the Slayer.”
“Jelaqua Ivirith.”
“Zel Shivertail.”
“Krshia Silverfang.”
“Halrac Everam.”
“Xrn the Small Queen.”
They leapt, and dropped slowly into the crevasse. Mage light bloomed around them, lighting up the rocky walls as they fell further down.
Lyonette watched them go. She prayed, although the gods were dead. She prayed to nothing and everything that Mrsha would be safe. Then she ran towards the city.
 
—-
 
She heard the call echo in the darkness. Mrsha raised her head, nearly banging her head on the small alcove she was hiding in. Then she howled, as loudly as she could. She heard the answering howl, and then hid herself, curling up to hide from the bad things.
They found her an eternity later. Mrsha flinched when the face moved downwards, but the Drake only smiled wearily when he saw her.
“There you are. Come on, Mrsha. It’s alright.”
She was out of the alcove and in his arms in a second. Zel Shivertail held her as she cried wordlessly into his scales.
“Are you okay? Are you hurt?”
She was fine. Oh, Mrsha had bruised herself all over and cracked bones bouncing down, but she was alive. [Lesser Toughness] had saved her life.
