3.27 M
Page 6
The man with the beard looked amused. Mrsha wondered if it got in his way. Gnolls had fur, but not beards. Wouldn’t it get messy when he drank soup or ate food?
“An inn without an [Innkeeper]. Still fancy moving, Revi?”
Revi, the girl, frowned.
“Maybe. It’s empty, you said?”
Halrac nodded. The big man looked unconvinced.
“If the beds are empty, it’s probably for a good reason.”
The [Scout] rolled his eyes expressively. He jerked a thumb at a passing [Barmaid]—who glared at him behind his back.
“A place to sleep—even if it does mean we don’t get waited on hand and foot—is still better than paying ten times as much to be stared at like we’re pariahs.”
“Fine.”
Revi sighed. She looked at the man with the beard.
“Typhenous?”
Beard man paused and stroked said beard.
“I wouldn’t mind a bit more inconvenience if it means cheaper rates. If we’re planning to stay for as long as I fear we are, we should attempt to conserve our coin.”
Revi and Halrac nodded; all eyes turned towards the big man.
“Ulrien?”
“I don’t really care.”
His voice was deep. Mrsha could smell blood on him—not a fresh wound, but the traces of it. She knew this because she was staring right at one amazingly muscled calf. She longed to poke it, but she knew she had to be quiet.
And then—noise! Footsteps approaching. And silence—an audible drop in the background babble of the inn. Mrsha peeked out from her table and immediately hid when she saw the other three beings approaching. She didn’t think they were Human.
“Jelaqua.”
“Ulrien. Is there room at your table for us to sit?”
Mrsha, curled tightly around the center of the table, heard Ulrien reply after a moment of hesitation.
“I don’t see why not. We’ll have to grab chairs and move—”
“Watch the Gnoll cub or you’ll squish her.”
Mrsha froze in surprise. She heard a rustle, and then Halrac’s glaring face peeked below the edge of the table with the other three adventurers. They all looked surprised, and the…woman…named Ivirith laughed.
“You didn’t notice the Gnoll child? You’re losing your touch, Halrac.”
“I didn’t think we’d be spied upon. You there…Gnoll! Come on out!”
Cautiously, Mrsha did just that. She stared up and immediately shrank back when she saw the newcomers. But they didn’t look angry…
“Halrac, you know this Gnoll?”
“She’s from the inn. I don’t know why she’s here.”
“Perhaps she’s grown attached to you. I have heard of stranger things.”
The weird-echoing voice came from one of the new adventurers. He looked like he was part crab or part…Mrsha had never seen anything like him before. She stared wide-eyed at the man, before looking up at the giant whose head was nearly touching the rafters.
“What do we do with her? I don’t suppose the [Innkeeper] would summon the Watch to bring her home.”
Revi frowned at Mrsha, and then smiled. Mrsha glared at her; she could tell when adults were pretending to be nice!
“Where are you from, little one? Shouldn’t you be going home?”
“She’s mute, Revi.”
The Stitch-Girl drew back and sighed.
“Pity.”
“Oh, let her sit here. Where are those chairs? Oh, thank you, Moore.”
The half-Giant casually lifted the chairs over. Mrsha blinked at her seat, but then sat in it. Her head barely peeked over the table. She stared, wide-eyed at the one who had spoken.
A woman with dead-white skin stared back at her, lips turned upwards in a smile. But Mrsha didn’t smile back.
The woman was dead. Mrsha could smell it on her. She was dead, but something lived inside her. It was frightening, and Mrsha edged away from the dead woman as she reached out to pet Mrsha on the head.
