3.27 M
Page 12
“How is business?”
“I rebuild. Slowly.”
“But I gather from your words that your authority among the Gnolls within Liscor is lessened due to recent events. Is this so?”
“I wait for Ryoka Griffin to return. She has something promised to me, and until it arrives I remain…antsy. As do the Gnolls who listen to me. But I have my paws full in the meantime. I must run a shop regardless if it is smaller, and I have a worthless nephew to take care of.”
“Indeed?”
“Yes. I wonder, since you are here. Would you be willing to take a look at him? He is suffering, and it may be the Antinium can provide aid.”
“It may be so. Is he here?”
“Resting. Brunkr!”
Krshia raised her voice and called out. Mrsha went very, very still when she heard the name. She hadn’t seen the Gnoll—Krshia’s cousin and warrior of the Silverfang tribe—since…
A door opened slowly in Krshia’s apartment. Mrsha immediately smelled something bad. She tried to get up, but Krshia gently held her on the couch. Klbkch turned as Brunkr entered the room.
The Gnoll warrior was tall, powerful, a classic tribal warrior. Or at least, he had been. The sweaty, unkempt figure that reeked of rot was foreign to Mrsha, and as he stumbled into the room, she heard Krshia snort. Because Brunkr reeked, and the odor was not pleasant.
“Ah. You are injured.”
He smelled like sweat and pain, and something worse. Mrsha backed away as she located the source of the foul odor. Brunkr clutched at his hand, oozing, raw, a foul odor coming from beneath the layers of bandages wrapped around it.
“Aunt. Who is this?”
“A [Guardsman] of the Watch and warrior of the Antinium. He is important, yes? Be respectful.”
Brunkr focused on Klbkch. He nodded slowly.
“I am Brunkr. And I am injured. My hand was bitten. Now…”
He raised his infected hand.
“If I had a quality healing potion—or if my Aunt would buy me one—I would be able to test you in battle, Antinium.”
“Fool! A healing potion will do you no good, no. Rest and cleansing is all we can do now, unless the [Healer] I have asked for will brave the roads.”
Brunkr made a disgusted noise. He was clearly sick. His eyes were unfocused—he didn’t seem to have noticed Mrsha yet.
In his seat, Klbkch nodded at Brunkr.
“A healing potion cannot heal an infection. Miss Krshia is correct. It will only exacerbate the symptoms.”
“Can you help him?”
Krshia looked concerned, for all she snapped at Brunkr to sit and stop messing about. The male Gnoll did so, collapsing onto his seat and grimacing as he held his hand again. Klbkch hesitated, and then shook his head in regret.
“There are serums and substances the Antinium use, but they do not have the same effect on other species. Would a [Healer] not—”
“There are none. None who can help me. The first I brought my hand to said I should burn the wound. I did. But it grew worse, and the others—they tell me it is too late.”
Brunkr gritted his teeth. His eyes refocused, and he stared around, and finally saw Mrsha. His face twisted into a snarl and he surged to his feet.
“You. Doombringer! See what you’ve done?”
Mrsha tore away from Krshia in a panic as Brunkr lurched towards her. Instantly, Krshia and Klbkch were on their feet. Both held Brunkr down and made him sit.
“Nephew. You forget yourself! She is a child!”
“Please calm yourself, Brunkr.”
“She did this! She! She has taken my hand, just like she took her tribe. Cursed one! Deathbringer! Calamity!”
The words broke something deep in Mrsha’s heart. She had felt it all day, but hearing it now was too much. It was all true. She couldn’t run from it no matter how hard she tried.
