3.28 G
Page 7
Rags nodded proudly. A name was rare, even if the tribe had a [Shaman], she had learned. It was a mark of influence, and here, of power.
“One thing is strange, though. You have no Shaman but you have a name. Did you come from another tribe? Or did your Shaman die?”
Rags shook her head.
“No [Shaman]. Human gave it to me.”
Ulvama’s eyes widened. She stared at Rags, and then she shook her head sadly.
“Then it is not a proper name.”
Rags stared at Ulvama, shocked. She hadn’t liked the name Erin had given her, but it had stuck and she had long since taken it as her own. It was her name!
“Why not?”
“Only Shamans can give names. Not Humans.”
Ulvama said it as if it were obvious. Rags didn’t think this made sense and said so.
“My name.”
“I can give you a better one.”
“No. My name.”
The two stared at each other, the good mood in the room evaporating like dew. After a moment, Ulvama looked away. She spoke more directly and with less smiles.
“You will need to gain support from other warriors. Find strong ones; make them your allies or make them yours.”
“How? Give things?”
Rags had an idea of how to gain power. Bribing followers, rewarding the faithful, demonstrating ability in combat and elsewhere—but Ulvama shook her head dismissively.
“Use that.”
To Rag’s surprise and outrage she reached out and poked Rags between the legs. The Goblin closed her legs instantly and glared at Ulvama.
“That is mine.”
She had no interest in sex, especially the way Erin described it. Goblins knew about the link between sex and babies of course; it was hard to miss the connection. But while Rags would have been considered a fine age for giving birth, she didn’t want to. It seemed like a pain.
“It is the best way for females. Do not be stupid.”
The Shaman was waspish. She stared at Rags and the Goblin glared back.
“Sleep with others. Garen Redfang if you can. He will help you for that—all do. Do not be—”
She was reaching for Rag’s legs. Rags slapped Ulvama’s hand down. The Shaman gasped in outrage. She raised a hand to strike Rags.
And Rags kicked her.
Kicking was better than a punch, mainly because people often watched your hands. Rags’s foot slammed into Ulvama’s stomach and the Goblin doubled over, coughing in pain. Rags sneered as she stood over Ulvama. The other Goblin was soft, lazy for all her power.
“No.”
When the Shaman looked up there was murder in her eyes. Rags stared down at Ulvama coldly, ready for a fight. She did not want to sleep with anyone, and she had no intention of being told what to do. Ulvama’s eyes blazed. She gathered magic to her in a wave, hissing with anger, ready to blast this upstart Chieftain.
But Rags had a hand on her sword and the [Firefly] spell burning in her hand. The [Shaman] looked at Rags and the smaller Goblin knew she was wondering if she would be quick enough with her spells, or if Rags would stab her first.
“Get out.”
That was all Ulvama said. Rags nodded. She doubted the [Shaman] would be cowardly enough to strike her from behind. She walked towards the door. Then she turned at it.
“I need no name. I have one.”
The door slammed as Rags left.
 
—-
 
Rags felt upset and annoyed for hours after meeting Ulvama. She’d been hoping so badly for help, and Ulvama had offered it! But not only had the Shaman denied her name, she’d tried to force Rags to do something she didn’t want to, as if she had no choice. She was no true ally, and Rags had been right to not join up with her.
