3.28 G
Page 18
“Four Hobs. Not many.”
“And the other?”
“More Goblins. But all busy. Very easy. I can do myself.”
If he said so, she believed him. There was nothing more to do before the moment, then. Rags stared at him and asked a question that she’d always wanted to know.
“Why name tribe Gold Stone?”
He shrugged, still chewing.
“I like gold. Gold that is not gold. I like it too.”
Rags knew what he was talking about. There were pretty stones that looked like gold you could find in caves with other minerals. It was valuable to Goblins, not just because it sparkled, but because it was a good alternative to flint and steel.
She looked at him, a silent giant. A Hobgoblin, a Chieftain who said little and sometimes did little, or so it seemed. But one with depth. One with a heart, who looked at what was and decided that it was wrong. Someone who wanted to be stronger but could do nothing.
“Why not you? Why not you…Chieftain?”
He looked at her, calmly.
“Not smart. Strong, but not smart. A good Chieftain is smart. Strong is easier, but not all are strong. Smart knows that. I am not smart.”
“You are.”
“Not enough. And cannot be Lord. Do not want to be. Like Tremborag. Too small.”
With that, he answered all of her questions and went back to eating. Rags stood beside him and then turned with a sudden impulse.
“Pyrite. I name you Pyrite.”
He stopped chewing and looked at her. Rags stared back. Pyrite was the name of such stones. It was a Human name.
“Not Shaman.”
“Do you care?”
She challenged him. The Hobgoblin thought about that for a second. And then he laughed. Pyrite smiled at Rags and nodded to her.
“See you later, Chieftain. Do not die.”
“I will meet you outside. You do not die. Chieftain’s orders.”
She left him behind. Rags made one trip to her room. She slung the black crossbow on her back, took her sword and shield, the buckler badly dented, but still hers. She had been given it by Erin. A Human.
And when Rags left her room, she was smiling. Because at last, she knew exactly what to do.
 
—-
 
The Redfang warriors were disgruntled by the sudden influx of Goblins during their lunch shift. But they grumbled only a bit; they were more sullen than anything else. And they recognized a good deal of the Goblins who’d entered. They were part of the Flooded Water tribe and some of the other tribes the Redfang warriors had journeyed north with, so they were allies in a sense.
Still, the Redfang warriors were angry. Some of the Hobs in here were Tremborag’s warriors and they longed to pick a fight with them. But they couldn’t. They felt muzzled here, like the Carn Wolves who they had to tether in pens in the city and not allow to roam free. Their mounts howled in distress and the Redfang warriors were angry.
And then the double doors leading in to the mess hall opened and a Goblin strode in, wearing leather armor. The Redfang tribe recognized her at once. She was Rags, and she…had…been their Chieftain. Not anymore, somehow.
But she was dressed for war. And it made all the Goblins who saw her sit up. Was something wrong?
Rags strode into the center of the room. Slowly, the eating around her stopped. She gazed around the room and saw Tremborag’s Goblins, some of them. The ones she thought might respect her. She saw the Redfang tribe, sullen, angry, but wondering. She saw the Goblin with no ears sitting next to a group of Goblins who glowed with bits of magic. And the female unit of Goblins and the grinning old Goblin still eating happily in the silence.
