3.28 G
Page 6
She had pillows, lots of them. And part of her room was clearly devoted to her craft; Rags saw a lot of items that wouldn’t have looked unfamiliar on an [Alchemist]’s table. She gazed around in interest as the [Shaman] talked with her.
“You are Rags. A new Goblin and a Chieftain. So young!”
Rags nodded, meeting the other Goblin’s gaze calmly. She had power too, Rags sensed.
“You had no Shaman in any of your tribes. Have you never met a Shaman before?”
“No.”
She was very fluent, while Rags had to struggle to make herself understood. The [Shaman] smiled sadly.
“It is not good. Shamans make a tribe strong. Without us, there is only Chieftains and all they can do is hit things.”
That made Rags smile. The [Shaman] whispered a word, and a ball of light floated from her hands, colors—red, white, green, black—blurring together in a light show. Rags stared at it appreciatively.
“We have power. We take it from the tribe. You know this?”
“Yes. Magic. Like this?”
Rags raised her hand and cast the [Light] spell. The [Shaman] gasped as an orb—perfectly mirroring the one she’d made—floated out of Rags’s palm. The Goblin smiled; she wasn’t so easily impressed by parlor tricks.
“You have magic. No one told me this.”
Which told Rags that she was being gossiped about. She shrugged.
“[Shaman] magic. Is like [Mage]?”
“Yes. And no. Different. My magics are basic, but strong with numbers. I can cast lightning and burn and create shields. And heal.”
“Heal?”
That attracted Rags’ interest. Pisces had taught her the fundamentals of magic and he had told her that healing spells were extremely advanced spells for mages.
The Shaman nodded.
“Close flesh. Restore blood. Not fix a missing arm, though. Still useful.”
“Very.”
Rags thought about how many healing potions she could save with a [Shaman]. She pointed to the female Hob.
“Only you? One Shaman?”
“I am Ulvama. Another five [Shamans] are in the tribe, but I am strongest by far. They can throw fire. I can scorch the earth.”
So you could have more than one if your tribe was big enough. Rags wondered if she could persuade a [Shaman] to join her tribe, or if Ulvama could teach someone. Could she learn?
“It is good that you think.”
Ulvama interrupted Rags’ thought. The [Shaman] leaned forwards and smiled at Rags, as if the two of them were sharing a secret.
“You are smart. And brave. I saw you challenging the Hob. But Tremborag does not think you are important.”
“No.”
Rags scowled. Ulvama smiled deeper.
“But I do. You need support. Allies. I can be your ally.”
Rags held still. She eyed Ulvama cautiously. A [Shaman], much less the chief [Shaman] of Tremborag’s tribe would be very useful. But why did Ulvama want to help Rags? Did she really see something in her, as she was hinting?
Or did she do this to all Chieftains? Was she just playing the odds or did she want something? Rags didn’t know, but she wasn’t one to spit on an offered hand.
Unless it was someone she hated, like Relc.
“Ally is good.”
“Yes. I can speak to other leaders for you. They are not certain if you should be followed or fought. But I can persuade them.”
Rags was under no illusions as to how Ulvama would do that. She frowned; she’d had the birds and bees explained to her by Erin of all people, although she had no idea why birds would mate with bees. But would the offer of sex really persuade so many?
“Will work?”
Ulvama laughed.
“You are young so you do not know. But it will work, especially since you have a name. That makes you special.”
