3.28 G
Page 8
But however good it had felt to kick Ulvama, the consequences of Rags’ actions were immediately obvious. When she received the summons to meet Tremborag with the other Goblins to plan a raid on a Human settlement, Rags found a room full of Goblin warriors standing around a map.
In this, Rags could find no fault. She stared appreciatively at the map of the local area and, of all things, crude figurines arranged around a town on the big stone table. It was a tool for planning attacks, and Rags saw Garen leaning over the table as Tremborag spoke with a Hob who was pushing pieces around.
When he saw Rags, though, Tremborag grinned at her. She saw other Goblins in the room turn to laugh at her as well and felt uneasy.
“Ah! Fake Name Goblin! Come.”
Rags froze mid-step towards the table. She stared at Tremborag. The Goblin laughed at her with his eyes and mouth. She glared at him.
“I am Rags.”
“That is not what Ulvama said. She said your name was given to you by a Human.”
So, this was the Shaman’s revenge. Rags gritted her teeth, but she knew arguing was pointless. She pushed her way towards the table and stared at the pieces.
“Attack?”
“A raid. A Human town has many supplies and much food for the winter. I want it. But it is defended by many soldiers and some adventurers. See.”
He pointed to the map. All business now, Rags listened as another Goblin explained the rough layout of the town. It wasn’t an easy place to attack by any means, she could tell. Stone walls, enchantments on the gates and even a tower spelled to hurl fire—add the Human defenders and she would have avoided it with her tribe.
But Tremborag had the forces to take the town, and he wanted what was within. He pointed towards the board where a self-satisfied Goblin had arranged the pieces in a rough circle around the city, their means of attack.
“What do you think, Fake Name Goblin? Garen says you are the best strategist. Can you come up with a better plan?”
In an instant she could. Rags took one look at the proposed formation and swept it aside. The Goblin made an outraged sound, but she knew his plan had been terrible. All he wanted to do was attack from every side, as if that would immediately overwhelm the stout defenses of the town.
In this, Tremborag’s Goblins were equal to any other Tribe. Rags sneered as she moved the pieces around. In short order she had a plan of attack that had Garen nodding approvingly. Feint a heavy assault on the gates while other forces surrounded the city. Then—feint a second attack with lots of Hobs on the west wall while the east side saw Goblins snipe the defenders there and rush ladders up with the main strike force.
There were all kinds of other details of course, and Rags went through each phase of the plan. She paused when she came to the defenders, though.
“Adventurers in city?”
“A few. Not nearly as many as the soldiers, though.”
Tremborag grinned at her. He’d been watching her work in silence. Rags carefully added a few groups of Goblins and Hobs to suppress the small group of adventurers and stood back.
The other Goblins in the room stared at her plan of attack with grudging approval. Garen grinned openly and nudged Tremborag.
“You see?”
“I do. Well then, small Goblin. It seems you are capable of being a Chieftain after all.”
Rags bared her teeth at the backhanded compliment. He wasn’t going to call her by her name ever again, was he?
Tremborag smiled as he stared around.
“Get ready for battle, my warriors! We will attack with many Goblins—and I will go as well.”
