3.29 G
Page 10
What must the Humans on the walls of the city think, to see the Human captives dismounting and slowly forming a group which marched towards them, away from the evil Goblin tribe? Rags had no idea. But she had her tribe march double-time, crossing the road and moving further into the wilderness.
It was purely a diversionary tactic. Distracted by the Humans, the city was only too willing to avoid a fight. As soon as a good bit of distance had been put between the tribe and the women, the cavalry immediately closed in. They formed a wall between the tribe and the captives, which handily let Rags’ tribe go on its merry way. The Humans on the walls were shouting, rushing about, no doubt preparing to receive these women.
But another cry went up when they saw the lone Goblin turn from the already distant tribe of Goblins and ride towards the women. Humans gripped their bows, but they didn’t fire. Because, of course, this was one lone Goblin, hardly a threat even if she was riding a Carn Wolf. And the Humans were gripped by a trait of their species, which was curiosity.
Rags rode back towards the Human women, ignoring the mounted warriors who spread out, encircling her. They might have tried to pull her off her mount—in which case Rags had the gem of [Terror] clutched in one sweaty hand ready to use—but the adventurer called out and stopped them.
“See? Humans go.”
That was what the Goblin said as she pulled her Carn Wolf to a stop a few paces away from the Human woman. The wolf huffed and sniffed at the adventurer, but she looked up at Rags without fear.
“You let us go. And the other Goblin—he liberated us in that mountain. Why?”
“True Goblins.”
Rags said it again and this time the adventurer seemed to understand. She hesitated, and then bowed her head.
“We owe you a debt. But you are Goblins…”
In short, still scum to be exterminated from the face of the earth. Rags nodded, still genial. Then she pointed at the Human adventurer, at her bruised face.
“Bad Goblin did this. Bad Goblin.”
The woman stiffened. Then she nodded. Hatred burned in her eyes.
“Yes. He lives in the mountain. I will remember his face.”
Rags pointed the way they’d come.
“Mountain Goblins. Yes. Big tribe. Big leader. Great Chieftain. Tremborag.”
The woman started.
“Tremborag? A Goblin with a name?”
“Yes.”
Rags nodded energetically. She waved her arms to show the other Humans—warrior types who’d drawn closer out of curiosity and their squad’s leader, who looked fiercely interested in what she was saying.
“Tremborag. Very scary. Strong. Fought in Goblin war. With Goblin King.”
A susurration went through the Humans. Rags liked that word. Susurration. It was a word that meant gasping and muttering and meaningful looks to one another. The adventurer looked pale.
“Thank you for telling me this. He will be…we will do what is necessary.”
They’d make a big army and attack him. But Rags wasn’t done. She pointed in the direction of the mountain, visible in the distance.
“Mountain. Great Chieftain.”
“Yes?”
The woman frowned, clearly wondering why Rags was repeating herself. Rags grinned and pointed south.
“Goblin Lord.”
Another gasp, but this time there was less surprise. Rags saw the Human woman frowning, and then reaching a conclusion.
“They’re…going to join forces?”
Close enough. The look on the other Human’s faces was priceless. Rags nodded, pretending to look concerned. Then she waved at Human.
“Goodbye.”
“What? Oh—you’re going?”
