3.29 G
Page 6
One was a Hob that Rags recognized. He was – had been one of Tremborag’s warriors who sat at the high table. He was a good warrior as far as she knew, but not outstanding. He was at the bottom of the rung since he didn’t have a huge faction behind him, and she suspected he had joined her simply because he didn’t want to have to fight for influence with the others Hobs. He probably represented the Hobs who’d lived in the mountain.
The other warrior was a normal-sized Goblin with a scar over his face. He was one of the elite Redfang warriors and Rags had already privately dubbed him Redscar. Of all the Goblins present, she was only really concerned about his faction. The others were smaller or behind her all the way like Pyrite. But the Redfang warriors were an independent lot and she didn’t know if they trusted her or she could trust them.
Rags stood. The Goblins waited for her to speak. She nodded, and then spoke in their tongue.
 
I am Chieftain.
 
It needed to be said. The other Goblins nodded, the mountain Hob and Redscar slowest of the lot. Rags noted this, and went on.
 
This tribe is Goblin.
 
Another easy statement, and all the nods were quick this time. This tribe was Goblin. They’d fought for it. Only Rags’ leadership was disputed. She thought about this, and then pointed in a random direction.
“If you not like…go over there.”
All the Goblins turned and looked. Rags shook her head.
“Not there. Go away.”
It was an unusual statement. Normally Goblins didn’t abandon their tribes no matter what. If they had an issue they challenged the Chieftain or left with as many Goblins as they could gather to form a new tribe. However, since this was in itself a challenge the breakaway Goblins usually had to fight to leave their tribe. But Rags was telling the others to just go if they had their differences.
All the Goblins present considered this. Rags looked from face to face, frowning when she saw the old Goblin. Why was he even here? But maybe Pyrite had brought him. He seemed to know the old one. And after meeting Noears, Rags realized some Goblins were hiding their true natures.
Noears. There was another thing to think about. Rags knew nothing about him other than that he could cast powerful spells and he had once been targeted by Tremborag. Was he loyal?
Time would tell. Rags pointed to Pyrite.
“He is big Hob. He tell my orders.”
Pyrite looked vaguely surprised, but the other Goblins looked willing to accept this, even Redscar. Every Chieftain needed a few Hobs who were competent enough to follow orders. Pyrite was the best choice.
That done, Rags waited for the other Goblins to speak. Something had brought them here. At last, the mountain Hob spoke.
“Chieftain. Will we fight Tremborag’s forces?”
He had the same clear diction of the other Goblins from Tremborag’s tribe. It was too Human-sounding for Rags’ taste. She scowled.
“Hope not.”
“Chieftain. Where are we going?”
“Away.”
“What will we be doing?”
“Goblin thing.”
This answer clearly didn’t please the Goblins who’d lived in Tremborag’s tribe. But what did he expect? Pyrite just smiled and the old Goblin cackled. Even Redscar grinned.
“This is how Goblins act. She is true Goblin, Goblin Chieftain Rags!”
The old Goblin slapped the younger Hob on the back. He turned and glared, but Rags just nodded.
“I am Chieftain. I decide. You go. I think!”
