3.30
Page 14
“Ah. Well then, I shall make do with these new…apps. Thank you for your help, Erin Solstice.”
“Oh. No problem…have we met before?”
Teriarch paused. He raised his head from the screen he’d been staring at obsessively and looked at Erin. For the first time he looked into her face, rather than just at her as an object to be interacted with. And he frowned.
“You do look…familiar. How odd. I should know anyone I have encountered. But I…hrm. I think we have met.”
Erin nodded slowly. He seemed familiar. But from where?
“Well…you’re a friend of Ryoka? Or she knows you?”
“She has performed tasks for me before, yes.”
“Oh. I see. You’re her…mysterious client?”
Teriarch frowned, and Erin realized she might have violated Ryoka’s contract of silence or whatever. But Ryoka had never told her who Teriarch was, just that she’d met with someone who was powerful and could cast magic. Teriarch studied Erin slowly and nodded.
“Yes. I am a…mage. Of quite significant ability.”
“I can tell. Um. Are my friends going to be alright?”
Teriarch looked dismissively at the Horns of Hammerad. Erin saw Yvlon was on her knees, still coughing. She thought Pisces had one eye open, but both were closed when she looked again. Ceria was still out and Ksmvr was watching them silently.
What should she do now? Teriarch was clearly absorbed in the iPhone. He kept asking Erin what various apps Ryoka had downloaded did. Ryoka had quite a few games on her iPhone. More than one Erin was tickled to know Ryoka played, or had played in the past.
It was surreal. Teriarch was just…interested. He kept harrumphing importantly, but he was keenly fascinated with the iPhone. He had just beaten up her friends, but he’d left them alive. He didn’t seem evil. More like…odd? And Erin kept staring at him, feeling that tickling in her memory.
But something prompted Erin to break off from her explanation of how to play Angry Birds and frown. The warning bells in her head hadn’t died away. Rather, it was as if they had faded during the fight to let her think and act without being overwhelmed, but now that it was over they were still blaring loudly, telling her—
“Are you um, going to kill us?”
Teriarch paused and stared at Erin with a mixture of indignation and confusion.
“Me? Why would I kill you?”
“Well, you attacked us.”
“Yeah.”
That came from behind Teriarch and Erin. She turned and saw Ceria was standing upright, supported by Pisces on one side and Yvlon on the other. Ksmvr was still tied to the ground, calling out for aid now that the danger had passed.
“Help. I am stuck to the ground.”
“Ah. See, Erin Solstice? Your friends are alive and mostly unharmed.”
Teriarch gestured as Ksmvr sat up. Ceria blinked a few times at him, eyes partially unfocused. Erin hoped she didn’t have a concussion—Ceria just looked woozy.
“You attacked us. Why?”
“You were in my way.”
The sky was blue. The grass was green. It was a matter-of-fact statement that made Yvlon grit her teeth angrily. Erin just stared at Teriarch, feeling that same disconnect. He went on, arrogant, trying to score three stars in a level of Angry Birds.
“Explaining would have been a waste of my time. And this was entertaining, however easy it was.”
The Horns of Hammerad stared at Teriarch. He frowned as one of the pigs escaped destruction.
“How did you do it?”
Pisces was next to speak. He stared at Teriarch wide-eyed, with more respect than Erin had ever seen in him in his life.
“You—all you were using were Tier 2 spells at best. But the style of your spellcasting—”
