3.30
Page 7
So what was the conclusion? Well, the Merchant’s Guild still wanted to use the door as a faster way of transport, the Runner’s Guild and Mage’s Guild were afraid Erin would bulk transport things like letters which didn’t have much mass and could be teleported easily, and Erin realized she didn’t trust Miss Agnes with the door in her inn.
So she’d told everyone to go away and put the door in Octavia’s shop. As for the rest…
“I promised Fals and Garia—the Runner’s Guild—that I wouldn’t transport any letters or deliveries. Only personal stuff I’m using. I said the same thing to the Mage’s Guild so they’re happy. But the city wanted to use my door for emergencies, they said.”
“The city or the mayor? Is Celum ruled by a council or a mayor? I thought they were like Remendia and Ocre and had elected leaders.”
“Nope. Mayor. And guess who wants my door?”
“A lot of [Merchants] and guild leaders?”
Erin nodded miserably. Pisces snorted and Ceria rolled her eyes.
“So they want to take it from you. Predictable.”
“Not take…but they want me to pay fees for using it. Or…I could let them use the door if they need it to, I dunno, transport supplies or do something really important. They’d be able to use it in case of emergencies, they said.”
Pisces looked as if he was ready to spit. He pursed his lips and sniffed before wiping his nose on his robe.
“Hah. If you agreed to that, then no doubt every day the city would face a crisis of unprecedented severity that required usage of the door.”
Erin nodded sadly. She had to be selfish or the door would be useless.
“I told them it’s mine and they can’t charge me because I’m not going through the gates.”
Yvlon’s eyebrows rose.
“Really? And what did they say?”
The [Innkeeper] fidgeted on the cart, avoiding anyone’s eyes.
“I uh, hinted that you, the Horns of Hammerad, would be really upset if they did. So they backed down.”
Silence. And then Ceria laughed.
“Hah!”
Pisces and Termin guffawed and Yvlon smiled. Ksmvr just looked around, confused.
“I do not understand the joke. Pisces, please explain it to me.”
Ceria shook her head, and Erin blinked as her hair caught the light. She was still beautiful, too much so for this world. Otherworldly.
“Well, that settles that. I guess the only thing you’ve got to worry about is it being stolen, although Pisces is right. Anyone with a brain will see that the door’s useless if they steal the anchor. People without a brain are the ones you should be worried about, though.”
Erin looked away as Ceria smiled at her.
“I don’t think that’s a problem. I talked with Wesle and the captain of the Watch and they told me they’d keep an eye on Octavia’ shop. Plus, no one likes to try and rob an [Alchemist] because all kinds of things can happen with all those potions lying around.”
Ceria nodded.
“That’s true. Good thing you’ve got a [Guardsman] for a friend. In Celum, I mean.”
“Excuse me, but I still do not understand the joke. Pisces, will you explain it to me?”
“Former [Guardsman], actually. He quit his job.”
“Really?”
Erin smiled as the Horns of Hammerad exclaimed.
“Yeah. He says he’s earning a ton more than he ever did as a [Guardsman] and he likes acting better. He wants to form a troupe—a group that goes from city to city to perform. They’re stuck in Celum now, but since I can go back whenever, I’ll teach them more plays and they’ll keep practicing.”
“That’s wonderful, it sounds like you’ve really had an impact on the city, Erin.”
“Yeah! And with this door I’m gonna get a lot of customers when I get back. I have big plans—but you were saying it might be useful in other ways, right?”
