3.30
Page 8
“Comrade Pisces. I do not understand the j—”
“Shut up!”
Pisces shouted at Ksmvr. The Antinium fell silent for a second.
“If I am silent, will you explain the joke?”
He got along well with Pisces, in the sense that he was the only person who annoyed Pisces and not the other way around. Erin waited patiently, grinning as Pisces laboriously explained the joke to Ksmvr who had a weak grasp of humor at best.
“Ah. I see. This is more humor to raise morale. I will remember it. Thank you.”
Pisces somewhat huffily adjusted his position as he lounged on a few pillows.
“You’re welcome. Now, as I was saying, this door is useful. I have no idea if it has an upper range, but I suspect with a modicum of effort on my and Springwalker’s part we could form multiple anchoring points for usage.”
“What? You mean I could go to all kinds of cities?”
Erin was enthralled by the idea. But Pisces raised a cautionary hand.
“A few. Very few, I believe. Connecting to multiple points risks entanglement, and that could result in a tangled web of magic that could have any number of effects. I would hesitate to create more than four focal points. But I suggest that if you link the door to two more cities for very sporadic usage, you might consider giving one anchoring point to our group.”
“Really? Why?”
“Remember how Pisces said the door could be used as an emergency getaway, Erin? Well, if he can make something easy to carry, we could use the door to get away if we’re ever in trouble, in a dungeon, say.”
Erin paused. She looked over at Ceria and her eye caught on the half-Elf’s skeletal hand. Erin couldn’t help it. She knew it was rude to stare, but sometimes she did stare at Ceria. Her hand, and her friend. Erin didn’t have many friends and she’d been overjoyed to see Ceria—and Pisces and Yvlon and Ksmvr again. When she thought of the dungeon, of Skinner—
“Of course I’ll let you have one. If it works. I mean, would it work for multiple people and if you’re far away or underground?”
Pisces sniffed all-importantly as eyes turned towards him.
“Of course there will be necessary experimentation. And yes, such a fallback would have limitations. But better to have it than not, agreed?”
Everyone nodded. Erin felt happy at the idea—not only could she go to more cities, she might be able to help her friends! But she’d have to be careful with the door, definitely. Maybe she could put it upstairs, so people didn’t use it by accident? Or—could she build a basement in the inn? Surely Klbkch could help her with that, right? She had the money to pay the Antinium now too.
And then it happened. Erin was sitting up in the wagon, about to ask Pisces whether the anchor stones would work if she’d exhausted the door’s power for the day, or whether she’d need to always keep a reserve—when she felt the world explode.
Erin had been in a fire drill, countless fire drills and earthquake drills in school. Even when she knew one was scheduled, she hated the moment of fear and panic that occurred when every single bell started ringing as loudly as possible. But that was only external sound, loud and frightening but only that. Bells in your head were a different matter.
It was as if every alarm clock, siren, fire alarm and noisemaker suddenly went off in Erin’s head at once. She doubled over, clutching her head and crying out in surprise and fear. Dimly, Erin heard Ceria and Termin doing the same.
“Miss Solstice? Erin, is something wrong? Are we in danger?”
Ksmvr was shaking Erin by the shoulder. She tried to explain, tried to speak past the terrible fear in her head.
“Something’s—”
