3.30
Page 17
“Well, refine yourselves with what I have shown you. Your Skills and…classes should do the rest. You, half-Elf, study the spell I marked in that spellbook. It should compliment your ice magic skills. And you, [Necromancer]…”
He somehow knew what magic both Ceria and Pisces used at a glance. Teriarch sighed.
“We hardly need more necromancers. But I suppose your control of magic is quite good for one so young. Keep practicing.”
He stepped off the wagon. Ksmvr and Yvlon stared at him. Teriarch nodded to Erin. She hesitated.
“Oh. You’re gonna go? Um. Thanks?”
Was that the appropriate response? Teriarch nodded regally to her.
“And thanks to you as well for showing me how this device works. Farewell, Erin Solstice. We shall not meet again.”
That sounded sort of weird. And ominous. Teriarch began to stride through the snow, but Pisces leapt off the wagon and chased after him.
“Master Teriarch! Sir!”
Pisces flung himself at the snow at Teriarch’s feet. The old man looked more annoyed than anything else.
“What is it?”
“Please take me on as your apprentice! To learn from someone who lived during the time of Archmage Zelkyr—I would do anything for such an honor!”
Teriarch stared down at Pisces as the young man looked up hopefully at him. Erin’s jaw was open. Ceria looked like she was considering doing the same thing. Teriarch stared down at Pisces.
“No.”
Then he turned and walked away. Pisces ran after him, but it was as if Teriarch was suddenly walking at a different speed than Pisces. He strolled along, but then his form grew further and further away, until he was a speck in the distance. Then he was gone, and Pisces and the others were left alone in the snow.
In the silence that followed Erin wondered whether this was all a dream. She pinched herself.
“Ow. Nope.”
She turned to Ceria, who was pale-faced, clutching the burned spellbook in her hands. At Ksmvr, who was scratching at one of his antennae. At Yvlon, who was staring at where Teriarch had been, and at Pisces, standing forlornly in the snow.
In the end it was Termin who spoke. The older man sucked in his lips, and then shouted as loudly as he could.
“Who the hell was that?”
 
—-
 
In his cave, Teriarch released the spell controlling his Human form at range and settled back into his cave. He created another image of the old man with the white beard and had it pick up the iPhone. The dragon hummed to himself as he flicked through the screens, staring at all the lovely new apps. He muttered to himself as he did.
“Is this what adventurers have sunk to? Ah, well. Perhaps they lied about being Silver-rank adventurers. And it was quite enjoyable to be out, although the outside was so busy…and the light was far too bright. Hmf.”
He paused as a thought came to him. Erin Solstice. He’d only gone to her because Ryoka had been at Reinhart’s estate and hard to reach without dealing with her at length. But she had recognized him and he, her. Where?
The Dragon’s eyes widened.
“The girl.”
For a brief second he considered sending himself out into the world again, to ask the girl how she’d found him. But then Teriarch hesitated, and stared at the iPhone.
The outside was…the outside. He preferred his cave. And he had so much to entertain himself with now. Teriarch put Erin out of his thoughts and went back to tapping buttons on the iPhone.
“Now what’s this? Cookie Clicker?”
The Dragon stared at the screen as it changed colors. He frowned, pondered, and then began to tap.
 

