3.30
Page 15
“Elementary. Any competent mage should be able to do as much, if not so quickly or with the same mana supply. You should be ashamed of yourselves not to have any counters against such low level spells.”
Teriarch shrugged. He nodded at Ceria.
“You should go to Wistram, half-Elf. With a decade of studying you may become a powerful mage yet.”
“We did go to Wistram.”
“Really?”
Teriarch’s eyebrows rose in disbelief. He stared at Pisces but seemed to ascertain that the mage was not lying. Teriarch snorted angrily.
“Standards have fallen greatly, then. Your spellcasting was beyond inferior. That was a decent attack with a sword I suppose, but unless you are a [Spellsword] or some other mage-warrior hybrid, I suggest you focus on magic.”
“Um.”
Erin raised her hand. She just felt like it was the thing to do. All eyes focused on her. Erin tapped her head.
“My [Dangersense] is still going off. Are you really not going to kill us, Teriarch?”
“Me? No. But…hrm.”
Teriarch stared off into the distance. His lips moved soundlessly, then he nodded.
“Ah. That explains much of your hostility. Your senses were alerted by a nearby Goblin Army. It is passing this way.”
“An army?”
The Horns of Hammerad went pale. Erin felt a jolt of fear in her chest, but she looked at the wagon. It was Termin of all people who wailed and clutched at his hair.
“Goblins! What will I do? Fox and Erma will be eaten for sure!”
Fox and Erma? Erin remembered those were Termin’s horses. She stared at the animals, feeling a jolt in her chest. Could they push the animals through the door? But if they did—what if the Goblins opened the door? Could they seal it off, then? But how would they get back?
Teriarch raised one eyebrow as Yvlon tried to convince Termin they had to leave his mounts behind. Pisces already had the door up and was yelling at Ksmvr to help him find a spot to hide it from the Goblins. Erin saw Teriarch tap Ceria on the head when no one was watching. Ceria frowned, blinked, and seemed to regain focus.
“Um, Mister Teriarch.”
He glanced at her, still holding the iPhone in one hand.
“Yes?”
“Can you help us? I dunno, somehow evade the Goblins?”
“You should be able to do it yourselves without my help. Unless—are you really planning to flee?”
“What would you do?”
Ceria stared at Teriarch. He looked incredulous.
“This is winter. The Goblin army is marching this way, but they are hardly filled with adept trackers and they do not know you are here. Conjure a snowstorm and evade them.”
The half-Elf shook her head instantly.
“We can’t do that. Pisces and I—neither of us know [Snowstorm] as a spell, and we’re not nearly high-level enough to cast it, let alone to affect such a large—”
“What are you talking about?”
Teriarch looked impatient. He began to lecture Ceria, much to Erin’s incredulity.
“[Snowstorm]? Why do you need to create snow? If you were standing in a jungle I could see the need, but you have an ample supply of snow right here. Use that. Even a Tier…1 spell should do.”
“How?”
Ceria’s ears drooped slightly, as Teriarch’s glare pierced her in place.
“Are you really Wistram mages? Here. Like this. You—[Necromancer]! Come over here and help your friend!”
Pisces ran over as Teriarch walked over to a large expanse of snow and began ordering Ceria about. Erin stared at him as Yvlon and Ksmvr and Termin all stopped what they were doing to watch.
There wasn’t too much happening. Teriarch was just pointing to the ground at something the two mages could see and berating them. They kept flinching as he grew more and more impatient with them.
