3.30
Page 10
“We are Silver-ranked adventurers. The Horns of Hammerad. May I ask why you have blocked our path?”
“I wish to speak with her.”
Erin felt a jolt as his finger pointed straight at her. The reaction of her friends was immediate. They closed ranks in front of the wagon.
“May I ask why?”
“It doesn’t matter, does it?”
Ksmvr seemed to freeze up as the multi-colored stare swung towards him. And then Erin saw another aspect of the old man. He stared down at Ksmvr as if he was, well, a bug. He looked at Ceria, Yvlon, Pisces, all clearly adventurers, with the same casual disdain for their existence. Only Erin he looked at with…
“Move aside, adventurers. Or I will move you.”
That was a threat. Erin felt herself shiver. Ceria’s voice was very serious as she held a hand up.
“We don’t want…to fight. But unless you tell us why you want to speak with Erin—and we’re sure you don’t intend her harm—we can’t let you do anything, Human.”
“I intend to explain nothing to you, half-Elf.”
There was no compromise in his voice. Erin saw Ceria tense.
“You don’t have a choice here. Tell us why you want Erin.”
“Otherwise?”
The question caught everyone off guard. The old man looked at Ceria. She hesitated.
“What—do you mean?”
“Otherwise, what? If I refuse, what will you do? Will you prevent me from speaking with this girl?”
“If necessary. If you refuse to cooperate, we will have no choice but to fight.”
Yvlon called that out. She was holding the sword in her hands without a sign that the metal in her arms was bothering her. And her gaze was intent on the old man’s face. She sensed it too, Erin realized. Whoever this old man was, he wasn’t—normal.
For a moment the old man sighed. He looked impatient, annoyed—but not the least bit intimidated. He cast his gaze towards the sky, thought for a moment, and then…nodded.
“That would be the quickest way. Very well.”
What happened next was too fast for Erin to follow. In the moments afterwards as she ducked and Termin yelled in fright beside her, Erin realized what had happened.
The instant the old man had said that, Ceria had acted first. She’d raised her skeletal hand and fired a spike of ice straight at his midriff. It was a killing attack, but it hadn’t touched him.
Instead, the spear of ice had shattered midflight, filling the air with shards of ice that bounced off the wagon. Erin dared to peek her head up and saw the Horns of Hammerad staring at the old man.
He hadn’t moved from that spot. He’d only raised his hand. Erin saw three fingers pointed at the spot where the [Ice Spike] had been shattered by something.
“[Stone Dart]. A low level spell, but all I am capable of here. However, it seems only ah, Tier 2 spells will be necessary here at any rate.”
That was all he said. Erin felt the Horns of Hammerad pause—and then Ceria raised her hand and attacked and the battle began.
“[Ice Dart]!”
Erin had never seen Ceria fire so many ice darts so quickly. They flew at the old man like a rain of missiles—and he blocked them. His hand moved up, caught and shattered a piece of ice flying towards his face, one towards his chest—
So quick! How was he doing it? Erin saw the old man step backwards casually among the hail of missiles. Then he raised his other hand and spoke.
“[Mud Slap].”
A splash of dark brown liquid spattered across the distance between him and Ceria. Erin saw her friend cry out, but it was just mud. In her eyes. But it made the rain of darts stop and then Erin saw what the old man had been blocking them with.
A rock. Just a flat stone. The old man tossed it on the ground.
“[Call Object]. Next?”
