3.30
Page 4
She smiled and sat with her friends. They ate and she leaned back. It was colder outside the city, where the wind could blow right at you. But the air felt fresher here, and the sun helped warm her through the layers of clothing she wore. There was no smell of poo that sometimes came with people living in a medieval city and using chamber pots. The scents of crowded living were gone, and there was just the empty smell of winter on the breeze.
It was a good day, and Erin was happy to be alive. She was in a good mood, although the Horns of Hammerad were decidedly less well-rested.
Ceria yawned as she finally stopped eating and stretched out. She rubbed at her back as Erin apologized for not bringing anything to drink.
“No worries. We can get water easily enough. We just need some mugs. I think we brought some with us…there they are. Now, some snow—”
“Allow me, Captain Ceria.”
“Oh, thanks, Ksmvr.”
The half-Elf let Ksmvr take the mugs, hop out of the wagon, and briskly fill them with freshly fallen snow. Erin watched appreciatively as Ceria handed Pisces half of the mugs. Both mages concentrated briefly, and in moments the snow was melting as they warmed the cups. Ceria handed the steaming mugs around and Erin passed one to Termin in the front.
“Careful, it’s hot.”
“Too hot. Springwalker, did you have to boil this water?”
“It beats drinking something nasty, Pisces. Warm isn’t good enough, even with fresh snow.”
Ceria bickered with Pisces as the two mages sipped from their drink. Erin declined her mug—she’d already drunk enough. She smiled again.
“That’s so cool you can do that. It’s so easy—what spell did you use?”
Pisces scratched one ear, looking pleased, haughty, and somewhat embarrassed for the genuine enthusiasm Erin had.
“No spell. It is hardly necessary—true, most magics require spells, but the most basic of cantrips require no spells to utilize. True, if we wanted to increase the heat emitted we would have to learn a spell, but any [Mage] with a basic understanding of the theorems of spellcastings could do the same.”
A somber silence followed Pisces’ pronouncement. Ceria rolled her eyes as everyone else deciphered his statement.
“Oh.”
That was all Erin said. She sat back as the others sipped at their drinks. After a moment, Erin felt moved to speak again.
“Did you sleep well? I can bring more blankets or pillows if you need it.”
“We’re fine, I think.”
Yvlon nodded and so did the others, although Pisces closed his mouth so suddenly Erin wondered if he had been about to ask for another pillow or three. The woman with perfect blonde hair, beautiful features, and metal fused into her arms stretched slowly, looking as if she had some back pains of her own.
“Too bad we couldn’t sleep in the inn.”
“I’ll say. A covered wagon is hardly appropriate for—”
Ceria kicked Pisces and he scowled and continued.
“—Adventurers of our caliber. Why we had to stay—”
This time Yvlon raised her foot and Pisces shut up. She glanced at Termin, but the wagon driver affected not to have heard Pisces’ comment.
“Just because we have a magic door that doesn’t mean we can waltz off whenever we feel like it, Pisces.”
“But if we remained in the inn, could we not—”
Ceria scowled at Pisces.
“We made a deal, Pisces. Sleeping in a bed in an inn over thirty miles away from here is not the same as staying with the wagon. If there’s an attack, every second counts. The same goes for the road. We have to stay with the wagon in case of trouble.”
“We could rotate a member of the group out to relax while the other three—”
“No.”
