3.31 G
Page 12
Rags caught a tossed practice sword and hopped back as Redscar slashed at her. She held her buckler up and jabbed at him, keeping him away. He slid forwards and nearly broke her guard with a heavy blow.
“Garen Redfang only beat you up. Training means winning too.”
Pyrite and Greybeard found Rags training with another Redfang warrior as the rest of the Goblins finished packing up the camp. Rags was exhausted. She’d lost to Redscar every time they’d sparred, but won twice against some of the weaker Redfang warriors.
Greybeard cackled as he saw Rags bash a Redfang warrior in the head and then poke him hard in the gut with her wooden sword.
“Hah! Chieftain is strong! For Goblin.”
“Not for Hob.”
“True.”
Redscar watched approvingly from the side. He and the other Redfang warriors had observed Rags’ progress and she felt they were more accepting of her than they had been. She wasn’t nearly as good as they were, but she had kept up with them.
“Will train every day?”
Pyrite glanced at one of the Redfang Hobs who was dueling four Goblins at once. Rags nodded. She saw Poisonbite and Noears had come by as well. Poisonbite was watching some of the male Redfang warriors who’d stripped down to almost nothing with interest. Noears was watching the female ones with interest.
“Will train. Pyrite, you will too. All warriors will.”
“Yes, Chieftain.”
Rags nodded appreciatively at him, but Poisonbite scowled. She folded her arms, looking unhappy at the idea of that kind of exercise.
“Goblins do not train.”
Rubbing her sore arms, Rags eyed her. Poisonbite was one of the typical Goblin warriors. She liked fighting, but didn’t like practicing fighting. You either fought or rested. She answered the female Goblin shortly.
“My Goblins will.”
“Is it Goblin?”
The challenge came as Rags was picking up her short sword. Rags whirled, fury in her eyes. It wasn’t a direct attack, but it was as close as any Goblin had come. Poisonbite flinched a bit, but she didn’t back down from Rags.
“It is Goblin. Goblins must be strong.”
“Training is not Goblin.”
Poisonbite didn’t quite dare meet Rags’ eyes. Rags hissed. Why were Goblins like Poisonbite so small? So…?
She had her sword in one hand. Rags longed to raise it, but someone hurried in front of her. Greybeard. He had a bowl of soup in his hands and cackled at her in that deceptive tone of his.
“No angry, Chieftain. Calm, yes. Eat food. Is tasty. Eat.”
She stared at him. Two innocent eyes stared back. Greybeard was pretending to be…senile again. With a noise of disgust Rags seized the bowl. She found she did feel better after a few mouthfuls of food, but she still eyed Poisonbite angrily.
“Did the Goblin Kings do that?”
“Do what, Chieftain?”
Greybeard stared at Rags innocently. She stared back.
“Did they do it? Train?”
“If they did, it was Goblin.”
It was a non-answer. Rags made a noise of disgust and hurled the empty bowl at Greybeard. He caught it and cackled.
“Training is good! Makes Goblins strong! If Chieftain says so, is it not Goblin?”
“It is good. And it will make Goblins live.”
That was all Rags said. She stared at Poisonbite—the other Goblins refused to meet her eyes. But Noears calmly nodded.
“Yes Chieftain.”
That would have to do. Rags nodded. But Redscar intercepted her as she went back for a second helping of food.
“Chieftain. Where now?”
Rags stared at him blankly. Then she remembered. They were camped out here, with provisions depleting with each meal. What should they do now?
She only had a vague idea. Rags hesitated, then pointed south.
“Go home. Fight Goblin Lord. Make base.”
Redscar nodded.
