3.31 G
Page 10
Rags sat up. She covered her aching head in her hands and then realized she was healed. She was healed—
And she was in camp. It was late at night, very late. Goblins were camped…where? Rags looked around.
They were sitting in the middle of the snowy plains. Far, a few miles away from the village. Far enough that Pyrite must have decided they were safe. He’d saved her.
Rags remembered what had happened in jolts as she struggled to her feet. She felt tired—weak. And ashamed.
“Chieftain.”
Someone came towards her. A huge shape. Pyrite. He saw Rags was up and immediately called out. A Goblin ran over with hot meat on a stick. Rags tore at it greedily as Pyrite led her to a fire where the ground had been cleared to sit.
Goblins were lying or sitting in small groups in the cold night. Many of them glanced up as Rags passed by and then looked down. She couldn’t meet their eyes and the food in her hands cooled as she lost her appetite.
“Eat. Sit.”
Pyrite sat Rags down. She found herself sitting at a small fire with the Hob and one other Goblin. Greybeard smiled at Rags as he chewed on some tough meat.
There was something in Rags’ eyes. It made her stare at the fire and it was in Pyrite’s gaze and Greybeard’s as well. Not reproach; that would have been easier.
“How many dead?”
That was all Rags asked. Pyrite thought.
“Less than a hundred.”
He didn’t lie, but Rags didn’t want to know how many less than a hundred really was. Ninety nine? She stared into the fire.
“My fault.”
None of the Goblins around her replied. They knew it was true. Rags had made a mistake. She’d taken her Goblins here to fight—because she’d wanted to fight. She’d wanted to prove she was a good warrior and a Chieftain. All she’d done was get Goblins killed.
“Chieftain wants to be a warrior. Is not one.”
Greybeard cackled and Pyrite poked him hard, making the older Goblin yelp. Rags said nothing. She bowed her head.
A bit of envy. A bit of frustration. She did want to be a better warrior than she was. She liked being a Chieftain, but it hadn’t been enough, had it? So she’d killed over a hundred Goblins today with her pride.
It was painful. And yet Rags still felt the same desire in her chest. The urge.
“Too weak. I am weak.”
She looked at Pyrite. He paused, and nodded.
“Best leader is smart. But strong is also good.”
“I must be strong.”
Greybeard nodded. Pyrite nodded. Rags knew the Goblins pretending to slumber around her agreed. A Chieftain could be cunning, but she had to be strong enough too. Strong with her head, strong with her body—Rags desired both.
“Tell me about the Goblin King.”
Rags said it suddenly. She looked at Greybeard and the old Goblin froze. Pyrite looked at Rags.
“Long time ago.”
“Yes.”
Long for a Goblin. But not for a Human. Many had been alive when the last Goblin King had, and Tremborag had fought with him. Surely this old Goblin knew the King. Rags remembered the Goblin King as a small Goblin, foraging in a jungle and was suddenly consumed by curiosity.
“Who was he? Why did he kill? What does it mean to be Goblin?”
The Goblins fell silent. What few that had been eating paused, and Rags knew that they weren’t pretending to look away. All eyes turned to Greybeard.
And he—lost his usual grin. He stopped eating and stared into the fire. And when he spoke, his voice was deeper. It wasn’t crackling and merry, but somber. Quiet.
“The Goblin King was a peaceful king for many years. Six years he ruled and we lived without fighting.”
Rags stared at him. She had never known that.
“Without?”
“Without.”
