3.32
Page 10
“Do you think we’ll get to Liscor tomorrow?”
Erin asked Termin before they all went to sleep. The wagon driver nodded, yawning and grinning at her.
“We’ll get there before nightfall, don’t you worry. I plan on having myself a good rest before heading back north. Maybe I can supply these folks with food and supplies? I reckon I could make a good profit. I don’t suppose you have room for me and my horses in your inn, do you?”
Erin smiled widely at Termin. She gave him a quick hug, making the old man blush.
“Of course I’ve got room! You’re welcome to stay as long as you want! I can’t wait to get back.”
As everyone retired to their rooms, Erin wondered if she should ask Yvlon about her brother. But Yvlon wasn’t in the mood for talk, and so Erin eyed the bed, trying to figure out if she and Ceria and Yvlon could all squeeze in or if someone was getting the floor.
As they all squeezed in together, Erin whispered to Ceria.
“Ceria?”
“What is it, Erin?”
“Are the people here going to be okay?”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, Ylawes is gone. What if the Goblins come back?”
“They’ll fight.”
That came from Yvlon. Her voice was calm, distant, bordering on the verge of sleep.
“They survived two battles with Goblins. Every citizen in the city will have levelled from that. People will have gained classes, levelled up, learned to fight…if a city doesn’t fall, it gets stronger from each disaster.”
“Oh. That’s good.”
After a while Ceria spoke to Erin.
“Do you think Lyonette survived without you?”
Erin shifted uncomfortably—sleeping with someone else in the bed was not normal for her, but the other two women were used to company when necessary. She started to shrug and stopped before she shouldered Ceria in the face.
“She might. I just hope all the walls are standing when I get there. Oh well. Once I’m back, everything’s going to be a-okay!”
With that in mind, Erin went to sleep. The next day, the Horns of Hammerad set out for Liscor. They arrived just before evening as the sun was beginning to set.
 
—-
 
When Lyonette woke up, she knew today was going to be a busy day. That was because all of her days were busy now. But she didn’t groan or stay asleep. She just got up, smiled as she pulled the blanket over Mrsha and the Gnoll curled up into a ball, and got to work.
Now that the Wandering Inn was busy, Lyonette found that being an innkeeper, or standing in for one, was a ton of work. Rather, she’d realized how hard just keeping an inn afloat was before now, but now she worked from dawn to dusk without pause just to keep everything running.
The first thing Lyonette did was haul water from the stream. She did it before the sun had risen in the sky, swearing as she hauled the heavy buckets up the slippery, snowy hill into the inn. And then she went down and did it again.
Her new guests drank a lot of water. And while Lyonette could melt snow, it was faster to haul buckets up to get a good supply going. Then she had to rekindle the fire before she could start cooking and that took time too.
And then of course there was actual cooking. Lyonette sweated over food for the morning, but eventually made a big pot of pasta and sausage to go along with the assorted eggs, ham, and fried potatoes and boiled greens for breakfast.
It was a lot of food, but she now had many guests. And as Mrsha thumped down the stairs Lyonette saw the first of her guests come down now.
“Good morning, Mister Shivertail!”
“I told you to call me Zel. Mister and Shivertail aren’t my name at all.”
