3.32
Page 4
“Not my thing. I had a tutor of course—most rich families have tutors who teach their kids all sorts of skills and find what they might be good at. I couldn’t figure out how to cast [Light] and neither could my older brother or my sister. Swinging a sword works well enough for me.”
“But it’s magic. If I could learn it, I’d be so thrilled!”
Erin sighed as she chewed her warm food. There was something special about eating in the cold and on the road, she decided. It gave her food…character. Then she remembered something else and slapped her head.
“I forgot! I was going to give you all some of my Corusdeer horn soup! My blue soup!”
The others eyed Erin.
“Your what?”
“Hang on! I’ll show you!”
Erin opened the door lying on the back of the wagon and crawled through it into Octavia’s shop. One of the [Alchemist’s] customers had a very nasty scare when he saw Erin crawling into the shop—from his perspective, it looked like Erin was crawling out of the sky, down through the doorway. But in a few seconds she had some of the soup she’d kept in a glass jar and was showing it triumphantly to the others.
Ceria and Yvlon stared hard at the soup adhering to the walls of the glass. It certainly looked blue, but that wasn’t a good thing. Blueberries were edible, and so was blue cheese, but there was something about blue soup that made it look particularly nasty.
The wagon driver shook his head the instant Erin uncorked the bottle and offered the soup around. All the ingredients had become a gelatinous mess from sitting in the bottle for so long, and the fact that it was still steaming didn’t make it any more appealing.
“I’m not eating that.”
“Aw, come on!”
Erin tried to get him to take a bite, then Yvlon. At last Ceria tried it, but only after Erin had taken a few bites and not immediately thrown up.
“It’s…dead gods, it’s not bad, Erin, but it doesn’t taste that great either.”
Ceria mumbled around the mouthful before she swallowed. The soup was hot going down, and that too felt wrong. But after a few moments, the half-Elf blinked and gasped.
“It’s hot!”
“See?”
Erin beamed around as the others stared at Ceria. The half-Elf’s cheeks had flushed and she was starting to sweat.
“It’s way too hot. Erin, is that soup magical? I have cold protection spells on—I feel like I’m in an oven!”
“Oops. Sorry.”
Ceria shook her head as she examined the soup with renewed interest.
“You made magical soup? I can’t believe it.”
“It’s great! And I think I can make an actual dish next time, not just soup. But this stuff is going to be a huge hit—you can drink it and you won’t feel the cold even if you’re naked!”
“Tested it out, have you?”
Yvlon sighed but took a few bites. Termin did too, and in a few moments everyone was walking around and shedding clothes, standing in the snow and remarking at the way it melted on their bare skin.
“You’ll make a fortune off it—assuming you can sell a lot before the winter ends. Is it expensive?”
“Not too much. But I’ve got other soups and stuff as well! Funny—I always have to make it into a soup first. After that I can figure out how to combine stuff, but soup is easiest to experiment with.”
Erin offered Pisces the last bit of the blue soup. He declined, letting Ksmvr consume the rest of the enchanted food.
“Enchanted cooking is a rarity even in Wistram. I suspect your products will do very well, especially given the difficulty in reproducing a recipe such as this from taste alone.”
The innkeeper smiled wickedly.
“Yeah. No one’s stealing this recipe.”
