3.32
Page 12
That was one of the reasons why she needed so much food. Moore being half-Giant meant he ate three times as much as any of her other diners, hence her extensive preparations. But he never complained no matter what he ate; indeed, he was always polite, always seemingly grateful for the care Lyonette took to make sure he was fully fed.
Another thing Lyonette had noticed was each one of her guest’s personalities, their likes and dislikes, but also how they functioned as a group.
Griffon Hunt reminded her of the groups of elite soldiers she’d seen relaxing off duty in the palace or on the streets. Halrac and Ulrien were professionals, Halrac grumpy, Ulrien quiet and serious. Revi and Typhenous were typical mages in a sense, somewhat arrogant and condescending, not to mention picky when it came to relaxing, but equally competent at their job.
They argued a lot. Revi usually had a different opinion than Halrac, and the other two members had their own opinions. But Griffon Hunt settled their arguments by collective vote and for all their dysfunction, they were one solid team when it came to fighting.
The Halfseekers on the other hand were more like friends, and far more accepting of each other’s opinions. They had to be, Lyonette supposed. They were all outcasts in some way.
“Thank you for the food, Miss Lyon.”
Seborn nodded to her as she brought over his plate of eggs and bacon, and two pitchers of water. He drank as much as Moore ate, to keep his aquatic parts hydrated.
“No problem. Would you like more honey?”
“Please!”
Revi and Jelaqua raised their hands and then stared at each other. Jelaqua smiled and Revi looked away.
Honey was a very popular treat among all of Lyon’s guests. With Lyon too as well; sweet things were a luxury and she loved a bit of honey with bread, or in her milk, or with almost anything, really. But Jelaqua liked honey more than anyone but Mrsha and Revi. She claimed Selphids loved the stuff on Baleros.
Revi just had a sweet tooth. Lyonette came over to their table with a small gravy boat full of honey and smiled at the four adventurers.
“Everyone doing okay?”
“We’re quite happy, thank you.”
Ulrien gave her a rare smile which made Lyonette beam. Halrac just grunted and Typhenous blinked and scowled at his plate. Lyonette hesitated, and then asked a question that had kept her up last night.
“I hate to ask, but…is it Griffin Hunt or Griffon Hunt?”
“Huh?”
They looked at her. Lyon blushed a bit.
“It’s just—I’ve heard your name several times, but I kept wondering if it was spelled, uh Griffin or…”
It was Halrac who answered, with an even rarer smile. His was ironic.
“You have a good ear. We’re Griffon Hunt. Not Griffin as in the beast. We’re named after a breed of dog used for hunting, which is what we specialize in.”
“Really? I didn’t know that.”
Revi leaned over the table, staring at Halrac.
“But you and Ulrien used to hunt actual Griffins.”
“Yeah. But we’re named after the dog?”
“Why in the name of silk would you do that? No one I know thinks you’re named Griffon Hunt!”
“It’s a play on words. I didn’t come up with it.”
All eyes turned to Ulrien. He raised his hands.
“Not me. It was another member of our group.”
“Who?”
“She’s dead. It doesn’t matter.”
Halrac scowled, and that was it for the conversation for the day, Lyonette knew. She let the adventurers talk and troop out of the inn while she went over to the Halfseekers with a jug of milk.
“Anyone want more milk? Or honey with that? How about seconds?”
“I think we’re good, thank you Lyon.”
