3.32
Page 2
“Probably. It’s such a low-grade enchantment even Springwalker could do it.”
Pisces remarked testily and got a kick and a glare for it. He rubbed his leg as he continued.
“It is possible, but why would you need a second artifact, Ksmvr? My understanding is that you are exiled from your Hive. Unless you have plans to join one of the Antinium Hives in the south?”
Ksmvr went very still as Ceria glared at Pisces. He shrugged insolently. At last, the Antinium spoke quietly.
“It is true that I have been removed from my position due to my incompetence. But I would never join another Hive. My true place—and my Queen—is in Liscor. I hope to return some day, bringing gifts such as this charm to prove my worth. But until I can prove myself useful, I will adventure with you. If I may.”
Ceria nodded.
“Of course, Ksmvr. You’re a valuable member of The Horns of Hammerad.”
“And far better company than Pisces.”
“Hah. While Ksmvr’s presence may be more appealing, may I remind you that my abilities are unique within this group? No one can provide the unique skills and insights that I have at my—”
“Shut up, Pisces.”
“Yeah, shut up, Pisces! You were nicer back when you were in Wistram.”
“What?”
Pisces blinked. He stared at Erin as she frowned at him. Ceria sighed. She didn’t quite meet Pisces’ eyes.
“I told her about our time in Wistram last night.”
“Oh.”
Ksmvr’s head swiveled from Pisces to Ceria as the young man blinked at Ceria and then went red. The Antinium opened his mandibles but Yvlon nudged him.
“Why did you nudge me, Comrade Yv—”
She sighed, pulled him over and whispered into Ksmvr’s earhole while Pisces cleared his throat a few times.
“Ah, Ceria told you about our shared history?”
“She did. She said you were a really nice guy, once. What happened?”
Pisces’ eyes flashed.
“Well, if she told you the truth, you would know that it was because of the unfounded prejudice and intolerance—”
“Because other people were jerks to you. I get it. But you still became sort of a jerk yourself, you know.”
Pisces had nothing to say to that. He just looked at Ceria, angrily, as if she’d given away a precious secret. She stared silently at him, meeting his eyes, until he remembered and looked down. Remembering the past made it harder to sit across from Pisces so easily for Ceria, though she’d made her peace with it all.
Erin glanced between the two, seeing the tension. She raised her voice.
“Um. I do have a few questions. I didn’t ask last night Ceria, but…you know, I think you made some of your story up.”
Ceria frowned at Erin.
“I did not.”
“I dunno…Pisces, you were there. Did Ceria’s master—Illphres—did she really destroy six ships all by herself? And did you and Ceria really fight two Trolls during the entrance exams?”
Pisces’ eyes flicked to Ceria. The half-Elf colored and looked over the wagon’s side.
“I…may have exaggerated some details.”
“Clearly. However, Miss…Erin, I would impress on you one thing. If, that is, Ceria told you how it ended?”
Pisces grew serious. He looked at Ceria as if to ask her what she’d told her. She raised her hand and a fiery creature drew a simple message in the air, in the code only they could read.
Everything.
“—Mages aside. Pirates aside. The Sea Serpent—assuming Springwalker told you there was only one? Yes, that might be exaggerated. But there is no description that can truly convey the power of Wistram’s true rulers. The Golems. Cognita was, and remains, the most powerful being I have ever encountered in the world.”
The wagon grew silent as everyone thought of that. Erin looked back down the frozen road.
