3.32
Page 6
After thirty minutes Pisces had to stop. He could barely raise his arms, despite alternating them while lifting the rapier. He collapsed onto the back of the wagon, panting as he pulled a blanket over to wipe his forehead.
“Wow. That looked really hard.”
Erin offered Pisces a pillow and he sank his head onto it, exhausted. He nodded, too tired for sarcasm.
“I am out of shape. It has been a long, long time since I last…”
“Not bad. You have excellent form.”
Yvlon handed Pisces a water flask. She looked at him with a touch of respect. He nodded wordlessly as he drank deeply from it.
“It is a shame the Antinium cannot learn magic. I believe I would benefit greatly from mastering such a spell.”
Ksmvr remarked as he stared at Pisces’ rapier. Ceria shook her head and saw Yvlon and Termin both doing it as well. For all she liked Ksmvr as a person, the thought of thousands of Antinium using [Flash Step]—or a basic spell like [Stone Dart]—was a nightmare.
Pisces shook his head as he handed the water flask back to Yvlon.
“Your species has a distinct absence of any kind of magical affinity, Ksmvr.”
The Antinium nodded calmly.
“Yes. This has been well observed and is a deliberate factor of our creation. Moreover, since the Antinium do not level greatly, magic has not been seen as a viable field to explore for our species.”
“Good. The last thing Wistram needs is Antinium mages running around.”
“I don’t know. I suppose seeing a few Antinium sitting in Rievan’s class would be quite amusing, don’t you?”
Pisces glanced sideways at Ceria. She couldn’t help but grin.
 
—-
 
After a few hours Termin called out to the half-dozing adventurers and Erin sitting in the back of the wagon.
“There’s the city. I heard it was abandoned and then retaken. Should we go around, do you think?”
“What city? Oh—”
Erin gasped as she stood up on the wagon. Ceria reached to steady her, but then stopped as well. Yvlon sighed softly as she spotted the distant buildings. Familiar, and yet alien now.
“Esthelm.”
It was more of a whisper. Erin peered at the walls, clearly damaged from a distance, and the way many buildings were only partly standing.
“Whoa. It looks messed up.”
“Well? Go around or go to it?”
“I heard my brother had helped retake the city. I’d like to ask about him, if we can.”
Yvlon turned to the others. Ceria nodded.
“To the city then, Mister Termin. We can probably rest there for the night.”
“So long as they don’t look too hungry. The last thing I need is a bunch of starving folk trying to eat Erma and Fox…”
Termin grumbled as he drove them onwards. The closer they got, the more Erin could see the damage that had been done to Esthelm. The damage, and just as notably, the repairs.
“Looks like they’ve patched up the wall pretty well. And it’s manned.”
Ceria noted the Humans standing on the battlements with bows. Their wagon had already been spotted and she could tell people were eying her back as well. Esthelm was vigilant after two Goblin attacks it seemed.
“Not only that. Look—they’re reinforcing it.”
Yvlon pointed down the wall, where work was clearly being done to expand the fortifications and add onto them. Pisces sighed as he stared at the burnt and ruined buildings.
“I suppose we won’t be resting in luxury here. It might be best to camp outside of the city if all the buildings are in such a state of disarray.”
“We’ll see when we get in. But at least we can eat at Erin’s inn.”
“True! And we can stay there if Termin finds a place to put his horses for the night.”
“Oh no.”
The wagon driver crossed his arms firmly.
