3.32
Page 16
“I’m back! Hey Lyon, did you miss me?”
The girl, the [Princess] and [Barmaid] and single living employee of the Wandering Inn, stared at Erin in silence for a moment. Then her eyes filled with tears and she flung herself at Erin and hugged her fiercely. And as Erin yelped in surprise and the adventurers and wagon driver accompanying her exclaimed, and the Drake general inside laid eyes on the owner of the inn for the first time, word began to spread.
 
—-
 
At first it came with the howling outside the city. Few Drakes heard it, but the Gnolls raised their heads. And they heard the howl coming from Krshia, and knew.
One of the Gnolls on duty mentioned it to Relc, who flipped a table and upset the card game he was losing badly at.
“Erin’s back! Hey! Call the game off! Erin’s back! Where’s Klb?”
It spread to the Watch Captain, who sighed, put her head in her claws, and groaned.
“This is all I need.”
It was already in the marketplace. Selys jumped up and down excitedly as Krshia smiled.
“She’s back!”
Across the street, a young Drake nearly knocked over an entire display he was helping his uncle with.
“Erin’s back!? I have so much to show her!”
Lism grumbled as he watched his nephew sprint off.
“It’s just one more damn Human. Who cares?”
The Antinium cared. Pawn, Belgrade, Bird, Anand, and Garry all heard the news as one of the Workers delivered it. They unanimously elected Pawn, the only free member of their group, to go above and see her at once.
“And bring back food. Please?”
“I will. And I will be sure to petition Klbkch that we all might go visit her!”
Of course, Klbkch already knew Erin was back. He’d known the instant she passed into the floodplains around Liscor. He sighed as he stood in his small room and looked up towards the ceiling.
She was back.
“I take it this is good news?”
Xrn studied Klbkch as they sat across from one another. He nodded at her.
“Yes. Very good news. A Human girl—the innkeeper I had told you about—has returned to the city. I am afraid we must put off your discussion so that I might greet her.”
“You astonish me.”
The other Antinium’s voice was frankly shocked.
“You would put aside a conversation between us—the reason the Hives have sent their delegation here in the first place—for a single Human girl?”
“Oh yes. Because she is important.”
“Really?”
“Yes. And her presence here means…well, I believe things are going to become interesting once again.”
Xrn looked at him askance.
“You mean they aren’t already?”
“Not yet.”
“You have visitors from four Hives, a Drake [General]—Zel Shivertail no less—in the city, a Lord of the Wall and a new dungeon plus two Gold-rank teams and Humans streaming into the city while a Goblin Lord roams the countryside. And this Human is what you think will make things interesting?”
“Yes.”
Klbkch smiled. He looked up towards the surface, and wondered, for the first time in a long while, what would happen next.
“She’s back. Erin Solstice is finally back.”
 

