3.32
Page 7
“I won’t sleep anywhere away from Erma and Fox. They get agitated if I’m not close by and I won’t risk them being stolen. One of you’s got to stay here at least.”
“I volunteer.”
“Good for you, Ksmvr.”
“Thanks, Ksm!”
“You are a valuable member of the team. Exceptionally useful, I must say.”
Ksmvr nodded modestly as the others thanked him warmly.
“I volunteered for the position because I believed I was most suitable for the job. Guard detail is a position of merit, but I will understand if anyone wishes to trade places with me.”
Soon, the wagon was in hailing distance of the walls. Termin shouted up at the people shouting at him and after much shouting and arm waving, the gates were opened and the wagon rolled in.
Yvlon spoke to the others before they got out of the cart. She’d tugged a cloak around her head, covering up her bright hair and covering her face.
“When we talk to people, let’s just mention we’re adventurers passing through on guard duty. If we can avoid using my name—or our group’s name—I’d appreciate it.”
“Why? Is it because of your brother? Ylawes?”
Ceria frowned at Yvlon. The young woman nodded, looking unhappy.
“I’d prefer not to meet him at the moment if we can. He could be troublesome.”
“Define troublesome, if you please. Dangerous?”
Yvlon shook her head, frowning at Pisces.
“No. He’s not a threat—so long as he doesn’t meet Ksmvr for the first time alone I guess. But he’s…”
Erin nodded.
“I understand. Lips sealed, right everyone?”
They looked at her. She sighed, exasperated.
“Don’t you get it? This Ylawes guy. He might be a nice guy and all, but he’s still her older brother.”
“So?”
“So he’s going to be an older brother.”
“Oh.”
Ceria and Pisces nodded in understanding, despite Ceria not having any siblings to speak of. Ksmvr just tilted his head.
“I do not understand. Pisces, please explain—”
 
—-
 
“So this is Esthelm.”
Erin stared around at the ruined buildings, at the people in dirty clothes, helping to lift timber, board up buildings, repair, dismantle, clear rubble and make weapons. There were men and women and children helping to fletch arrows amid the confusion, and more still coming in with game they’d hunted.
“It’s a mess.”
Yvlon kept her voice low as she glanced with sympathy at the citizens. Many looked hungry, but none looked as if they were starving. If they had, Erin would have given them what she could, or gone to Celum for food, but the people here were…strange.
They were ragged yes, hungry, yes, and dirty. But they weren’t beaten. They worked together with purpose, helping to rebuild their city as the wagon trundled into the center of the city.
A man bustled up to the wagon with a few armed citizens following them. Ceria was worried how they’d react when they saw Ksmvr, but the man in charge—some former [Soldier] by the look of him, wearing thick leather armor—didn’t blink more than once.
“Adventurers? Are you escorting the wagon?”
“That’s right. Is the city…safe?”
Termin asked nervously. The men were inspecting the wagon, staring at the single door on the back of the wagon and the blankets and pillows in some confusion. The man in charge nodded.
“That’s right. We fought off the last Goblin army that attacked this place and we’re not going to let a third one get past our walls again. We’re surviving, but we need supplies. We’ve asked for help from the other cities, but Celum, Wales, Remendia…they’re all claiming the roads are unsafe to send supplies down. So until we can get help we’re on our own.”
“Oh. Is it bad?”
