3.32
Page 14
He smiled at her without exposing his teeth. Zel sat down tiredly as Lyonette peered inside the closet.
“I think this is some kind of…well, it’s too small to be a proper storage place. I wonder why it’s here. Oh, are you done with your tasks in the city?”
“For today. But there’s going to be a lot more, if all the [Message] spells I’ve been receiving are any clue. I’ve had to talk with Zevara, the local heads of all the Guilds…it’s a mess.”
Zel sighed. Lyonette wanted to go get him some tea or something stronger, but she’d spotted a small crack along the floorboards. She peered at it suspiciously.
“Is this…because of the Antinium? The new ones, I mean?”
Lyonette didn’t know much about the new Antinium that had sent Liscor into a frenzy, but she knew the one with the blue chitin had helped save Mrsha. That made Lyon trust her at least, but she had also heard the stories of the Antinium Wars and was uneasy about this sudden development. As was, it seemed, the continent.
“Yes. All the cities want to know what’s going on. They’re arguing, and it’s getting very political with Ilvriss around. But I’m also meeting to discuss the issue with of Goblin Lord and this dungeon.”
“Are you part of this city? I mean, do you live here or…?”
“No, but I feel responsible. And I try to help where I can, so I do. It’s a pain, though. Drakes can’t do anything without arguing over it endlessly, and like I said, when it gets political…”
“A lot of Human kingdoms are like that too. Or so I’ve heard.”
“Hah! At least there they don’t declare war on each other when a council member insults the Captain of the Watch’s tail. Or do they?”
“It can get pretty bad.”
Lyonette grinned ruefully as she shifted things aside. Yes, the hairline crack was there, and on purpose. She had a feeling she knew what it was and tried to pull things out of the way.
There was a sack of flour and other miscellaneous objects piled up on top of it. Zel came over and helped Lyonette shift everything out of the small space. She smiled at him.
“Thank you. Now, what’s this…?”
There was a trapdoor in the small closet. No, not a closet, but an entrance. Lyonette pulled at the ring and after a moment the trapdoor came up.
“What’s this? A basement?”
Zel and Lyon stared down the dark steps leading down into, yes, a basement of all things! Lyon was amazed—she took a few hesitant steps down and then had to cast the [Light] spell. It was one of the few she’d been taught as a child and it illuminated the very big, very empty basement.
“I had no idea this was here!”
“You didn’t?”
The Drake general walked down the steps, staring at the empty stone room. He pointed.
“Look, there’s places to store grain, shelves…this place is huge! Why hasn’t it been used?”
“I didn’t know about it! And Erin—I don’t know if she did either.”
“Erin? That’s the innkeeper who owns this place, isn’t it? Why didn’t she know about the basement?”
“I don’t think she knew. Or if she did, she might have forgot.”
“I can’t say I’m too impressed with this innkeeper of yours.”
Zel frowned as he stared around the basement. He looked sideways at Lyonette.
“She seems not to care about leaving you—and Mrsha—alone for so long, and with no coin or help, no less!”
“She does care! She’s just—distracted. And she gets into trouble, sometimes. I think she just found something—or got into a problem—and couldn’t come back. I mean, she cares a lot even if she does weird things…”
Lyonette tried to defend Erin, although she realized her arguments were less than compelling. Zel frowned, unhappy.
