3.32
Page 3
“Even that crazy old man with the iPhone?”
“Well, we saw very little of his power. But…yes. The quality of his magic is meaningless against the Golems of Archmage Zelkyr. They were built for war. Mages may cast spells of incredible destruction, but few are suited to combat.”
He met Ceria’s gaze and then looked away again. After another second, Erin piped up.
“You took the bones of the [Archmage], didn’t you? You put them in Toren.”
Yvlon’s head snapped up. Ceria winced, and Pisces drew in his breath sharply.
“I did.”
“Does that mean he was powerful as an [Archmage]?”
“Hardly. And I didn’t use many bones. I only used four.”
“Four?”
Ceria stared at Pisces. He nodded fractionally.
“Four. I carved the spell into the bones, to restore the form I gave Toren no matter how badly he might be broken. They are…what makes him unique. But they consume too much mana for him to survive without a source.”
“I get it.”
Erin sighed. She sat back down in the cart and pulled a blanket over herself. She stared at the grey sky as no one said anything for several minutes.
“You sounded really cool, you know.”
“Excuse me?”
“You. Ceria told me about how you used to duel people, and cast magic. You sounded cool.”
Pisces opened his mouth. He closed it, swallowed, opened it again, and closed it once more. He closed his eyes. Then he spoke quietly.
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
The cart rumbled onwards, taking the Horns of Hammerad down the road. Occasionally they passed by wagons and called out greetings or asked about dangers on the road. But the adventurers just sat in silence, mainly, along with Termin who was used to just having the company of his own head.
It was a cold day, but they were warm enough. And so Ceria and Pisces sat on opposite sides of the wagon and remembered.
 
—-
 
When the sun hit midday, the cart stopped to let the horses rest for a while.
“Even with a Skill they need a break, if only to eat.”
Termin explained as Erin happily patted one of the horses, Erma, on the head and she chewed her oats. Fox was busy trying to eat the food Erin had brought—warm bread and a spicy dip as a snack with cold meat and cheese for toppings.
“Shoo! You damn horse.”
Pisces waved it away as Ksmvr sliced cheese, cutting with little regard for the sharp blade of his dagger. Fox wandered away and Erin happily accepted a sandwich from Ceria before nearly dropping it.
“It’s hot!”
“Really? Sorry. I tried to tone down the heating spell, but it’s hard when one hand’s…”
Ceria waved her skeletal hand. Erin shook her head as she juggled the hot sandwich.
“No, it’s just that I wasn’t expecting it. Magic is really useful, isn’t it?”
“Best thing on a road.”
Yvlon smiled as she accepted a second sandwich from Ceria. She peered at Ceria’s hands as the half-Elf warmed another sandwich for Termin, trying not to scorch the bread.
“I thought you were a specialist at ice-magic, Ceria. Is it hard to cast flame spells?”
“I used to be quite good at earth and fire magic. It’s my master who taught me a bunch of ice spells.”
Ceria shrugged as she tossed Termin a sandwich. He bowed slightly to her and she grinned and waved a hand in reply.
“I have a few Skills that improve my ice magic, but it’s not like I can’t cast any spell I learn, Yvlon.”
“I see. Magic’s a mystery to me, so I wondered.”
“You never tried to learn?”
Ceria sat with Yvlon on the wagon, the only non-snowy surface, as Erin and Termin clambered on top as well. Yvlon shook her head.
