3.32
Page 9
In the end, Erin only got to rest with the others when it was long since dark. She sat on a table, wishing there was a place to take a bath or shower in the city and knowing there was not.
“I can’t thank you enough for your help. Your stew went down excellent and you fried that meat to perfection.”
Umbral complimented Erin. She raised a thumb up and smiled weakly.
“Happy to help. How have you all managed to survive like this?”
He looked tired, but determined.
“It hasn’t been easy. We had a lot of help, mainly from our city’s savior. Ylawes Byres and his Silver Swords.”
“Really?”
Erin saw Yvlon sit up a bit. The woman cleared her throat carefully.
“Will you tell us what happened?”
Umbral was only too happy to, and once the other citizens realized he was retelling the story they had to add their own accounts of what had happened, arguing with each other over the details.
The story was simple. After the Goblin attack, Esthelm had fallen into chaos. People had killed each other over scraps in the city and bands of thugs had fought with each other. The undead began rising since they hadn’t been buried and a second Goblin army had come to use them in some twisted scheme.
And then, Ylawes had come in, a literal knight in shining armor. He’d rallied the hearts of the people in the city and helped them fight back both undead and Goblins. With his help—and a timely rescue by a group of adventurers led by the other two members of his Gold-rank group, the Silver Swords, they’d fought the Goblin army off and begun rebuilding the city.
“Wow! Your brother is a hero!”
Erin whispered that to Yvlon as the citizens led them to a monument in the center of the city. It wasn’t a statue—that was coming, according to Umbral, but there was a plaque celebrating Ylawes and his party.
Yvlon stared at the plaque silently. She seemed…distant, to Erin. Not unhappy, but not aglow over her brother’s success either.
“He’s always been a hero. I admire him greatly, Erin. Although I wish he’d not risk his life like this.”
“I guess I understand that. But he did save everyone. And—hey, what’s that?”
There was a second monument next to the one for Ylawes. This one was a grave of all things. Erin didn’t know how she felt about someone being buried right in the center of the city, but she was struck as she stared at the plain tombstone.
“Flowers?”
The grave was blooming with flowers despite the hard soil. Erin stared at it, wondering who it was for. There was no inscription.
“Yes. It’s the strangest thing.”
Umbral explained when Erin and the others returned to the inn and asked about it.
“It marks, well, a young woman. A…hero, I suppose. She fought and died fighting the Goblins. And she was…Human. I think. That’s what Ylawes said, and so we buried her as such. Her and the Goblins who fought for her.”
“Goblins?”
“They fought against their kind. And the undead. Don’t ask me why. But if it hadn’t been for them killing that damned skeleton with the purple eyes, I don’t know what would have happened.”
Umbral didn’t notice the way all the adventurers and Erin went quiet at this. He shook his head after Yvlon asked him whether Ylawes was still in the city.
“He went north, after leaving a group of those adventurers to help guard the city. Lazy pigs they are, too, not helping at all unless there’s a monster about. Not like Sir Ylawes.”
“Did he say why he went?”
“He was looking for his sister. Some adventurer—Yvlon Byres. Apparently he heard she was wounded and came south looking for her.”
Erin bit her lip, but Yvlon just thanked Umbral and changed the topic.
