3.32
Page 8
The soldier turned his attention to Erin. She was staring at some children hauling nails in a bucket to some carpenters. He shook his head.
“Not bad, Miss. But I’m afraid that we might have to confiscate your wagon’s cargo if you’ve got anything we can use. We’re in dire need of food, blankets—”
“There’s nothing in here, Umbral!”
One of the men shouted to the man in charge. He frowned and looked at the empty back of the wagon.
“You don’t have any food or supplies? Where’s your cargo?”
“It’s her.”
Ceria pointed to Erin and the young woman waved.
“We’re escorting her to Liscor. She’s an innkeeper, so she doesn’t have much coin. It’s a favor—”
“But we do have food! I can get some—and you can have all the blankets and pillows! I’ll get more as well!”
Out of the corner of her eye, Ceria saw Erin pointing at the door and hoped that Umbral didn’t understand what Erin was saying. Fortunately, the man just looked confused. He tried to stop Erin when she started handing pillows and blankets down.
“We wouldn’t want to take your only supplies, Miss. We’re not robbers—we’ll pay a fair price—”
“Take it, please!”
“A place to sleep would be payment enough, sir.”
Ceria interrupted Erin and she saw Yvlon pull Erin back and whisper to her. The blankets and pillows disappeared fast, and Umbral directed them to some of the sturdier buildings in the city.
“Don’t worry about your horses, or your wagon. I’ll see to it that no one tries to make off with either. You can rest assured—we’re past thievery and attacking each other here.”
He waved them on. Ceria sat back with a sigh as Erin drooped into the wagon seat beside her.
“I can’t give them clothing and food and stuff? But they need it!”
“If they knew we had a door that could open a portal back to Celum, they’d take it, Erin. I’m sorry, but we’re not going to be able to use it tonight. It’s too risky.”
“I almost want to give it to them.”
“That would be an unforgivable waste.”
Pisces glared at Erin, outraged at the very idea. She sighed, but nodded in agreement.
“Too bad. I guess I’ll stay with you. Maybe we can help fix stuff? I can clean—I’ve got a Skill. Or maybe I can cook? I guess we can’t go sightseeing. Everything’s in ruins!”
“It wasn’t once. There used to be quite a lot of buildings here.”
Ceria looked around at the ruined facades, wondering if she could see where the Adventurer’s Guild had stood. Yvlon was silent too. The last time they’d been here was an age ago, when they had all met to debate going into Liscor’s dungeon. Back then Calruz and Gerial had been alive and…
In the end, the Horns of Hammerad found themselves staying in a former inn now housing citizens alongside visitors. They had to sleep three to a room and Pisces found himself sharing a space with Termin and Ksmvr, much to his distaste. Termin opted to sleep in the stables, though, and Ksmvr agreed to go with him.
For the rest of the night Erin helped the innkeeper—an overworked, balding man who had a big scar on his right shoulder that was still healing—manage the inn. He nearly cried when he realized she could cook better than he could and happily surrendered his kitchen to her.
There wasn’t much Erin could make with what few supplies were available to the city, but she made some potatoes and deer meat into a filling stew for everyone and found herself serving a vast number of people. When word got out she could cook, more food came in with requests that she make it for this group of people, or feed this family.
