3.33
Page 6
“Oh! And here’s my friends. That’s Ceria, Pisces, over there is Yvlon, and that’s Ksmvr…they’re the Horns of Hammerad, an adventuring team like the rest of you!”
Both Gold-rank teams turned to look at the others. The Horns of Hammerad froze, suddenly thrust into the spotlight as they fussed with the wooden door. Ceria turned red as she realized Erin was putting them on the same rank as Gold-rank adventurers, and Yvlon looked like she wanted to swallow her tongue. Only Pisces and Ksmvr seemed at ease—Pisces staring back at the other adventurers appraisingly, and Ksmvr nodding politely.
“You’re an adventuring team now? And you’ve reformed your old party, is that it?”
Jelaqua went over to Ceria, smiling as she greeted the half-Elf. Ceria nodded somewhat warily.
“That’s right. We’re a Silver-rank team. We uh, escorted Erin back to Liscor.”
“From where?”
Halrac frowned at Erin. It was Pisces who answered.
“Celum.”
“How’d you get all the way there?”
Erin debated telling Halrac, but decided to wait until she had more time.
“It’s a long story. But I’m back, and so…these are my friends. They’re going to be staying here.”
“Where? All the rooms are full.”
Revi pointed that out, glancing idly at the other adventurers. She didn’t say anything else, but the implication was clear. The rooms were full, and she wasn’t sharing with anyone. In terms of pecking order, she and the other Gold-rank adventurers far outranked a new team of Silver-rank adventurers.
Erin frowned, vexed. Already problems were popping up! She knew Lyonette had done well to get the other adventurers to stay here, but where were her friends supposed to sleep?
“I guess you guys can sleep in the common room, maybe. I mean, it’s not very private…”
Pisces looked very unhappy at the idea, and Ceria and Yvlon nodded slowly. Lyonette bit her tongue, then spoke up.
“What about the basement?”
“Basement?”
The young woman nodded, blushing as Erin stared blankly at her.
“You do have one.”
“I have a basement?”
Erin thought about this. She vaguely remembered…hadn’t the Antinium built it? She followed Lyon over to the room and blinked as the girl pulled up the trap door. Erin walked down the steps and shouted in surprise.
“I have a basement!”
She came back upstairs, shaking her head in wonder.
“The things you learn…hey Ceria, do you think you guys could sleep in a basement?”
Ceria glanced at the others and nodded.
“Probably.”
“What? It will be cold down there! And what about privacy? I object!”
Pisces complained as he stomped over to stare at the basement in disgust.
“No problem. We can totally make this work. All I need are some blankets, a mattress, curtains—I bet we could even buy some bed stands in Liscor!”
“Or we could sleep in the Frenzied Hare. Isn’t that a far simpler solution?”
Pisces sniffed as all eyes turned to him. He gestured at the door.
“The Frenzied Hare—or a more reputable inn, perhaps? It would be far more effective than sharing elbow room down there.”
“I’m afraid you won’t find many rooms, even if you do know the owner of this inn.”
Typhenous called out to the others. He gestured towards the city through one of the windows.
“There’s far too many people here. Every building, loft, and apartment in the city is getting more crowded by the minute.”
Erin laughed, making the old mage frown.
“The Frenzied Hare isn’t here! It’s in Celum!”
Everyone stared at her. Revi spoke slowly.
“Are you planning on heading north right away, then? Because if you’re going a hundred miles to sleep at a different inn…”
