3.33
Page 14
Erin shouted as she tried to explain the game. Olesm and Pawn crowded around Erin, and Klbkch couldn’t help but draw closer to listen too. Erin tried to share the general details of the game, but it was impossible to share everything in the noisy room.
“Later! We can do it later! I know how to play Shogi too…but I can’t remember what all the kanji on the pieces looks like so it’d be weird. But right now—does anyone want to play a game?”
“Me! Oh, me!”
Olesm practically begged Erin for the first game, and Pawn the second. Klbkch found himself playing Erin—but at the same time as she took on Typhenous and Olesm again.
And then—the party kept going. Some people had to sleep earlier, like Mrsha who was carried upstairs by Krshia, and others, like Jasi, left with her younger brother Grev because it was late. But no matter how many people left, Klbkch found that Erin was always talking to someone.
It was true, what Relc had said. Erin was no longer just his friend. Klbkch found that knowledge slightly painful.
He ran into Zel just once. The Drake had avoided him and all the other Antinium, choosing to hang out with the Humans, or other drakes in the room. But they bumped into each other while going to the bar for another drink.
“Zel Shivertail. Please excuse me.”
The Drake [General] stared at Klbkch with open hostility.
“Why do you know a Human [Innkeeper], Slayer?”
“I could ask you the same question. Coincidence, perhaps?”
“She seems like a decent enough Human, as they go. Foolish, young…but we were all young once. At least, I was. What I don’t understand is why she’d ever befriend the Antinium.”
Klbkch shifted. He was armed with his swords of course, but he had no desire to fight here. Especially because he would die in an instant. Well, it wasn’t the death that bothered him, but the time it would take to revive.
“I do not wish to engage in hostilities here.”
“I won’t break the truce. But I don’t have to pretend to like you.”
Zel turned and walked away. Klbkch let him go. After a while, the Revalantor walked out of the inn, leaving some coins behind on a table for Erin. He stood outside on the snowy hilltop and decided to wait.
 
—-
 
Lyonette had never been busier, and in a way, never been happier than tonight. She was running about, serving tables, acting like a common peasant in short. But this peasant was leveling. And this peasant was liked.
By Drakes. By Gnolls. By the Antinium, even. Some part of Lyon still thought of Drakes as warmongering monsters, and Gnolls as overgrown dogs. But it was a part of her that Lyon knew was stupid. When she had been starving, a Drake, Olesm, had brought her food. And she loved Mrsha.
And she also loved this inn. There was electricity in the air that night, a charged room that kept everyone up long, long into the night. In fact, it was closer to morning when the last people staggered out and the adventurers went upstairs—or down into the basement—to sleep.
Lyonette found herself dozing at one of the tables, trying to pile dishes while her eyelids drooped. Erin yawned as she made her way over.
“You sleep. I sleep. Tomorrow we’ll…”
The sentence never finished. Erin just sort of wandered off.
“Here.”
Someone took the plates away. Lyonette looked up and saw Zel smiling at her.
“You’re awake?”
She said it stupidly. Zel grinned.
“What can I say? I like parties, and I’m used to staying up days without sleep.”
“Oh.”
Lyonette turned and looked upstairs. It seemed like a long way to go. Zel chuckled.
“Need a tail? Or—claw? What is it you Humans say, a hand?”
“Something like that.”
