3.33
Page 10
“Not much. They have fancy crystals that let mages link up at a distance. I once saw a mage eating in the banquet hall while he helped power a spell two floors up.”
Revi snorted as Pisces took her hand. Ceria offered her skeletal hand to Pisces, he took it, giving her a bemused look. She shrugged.
“Better conductivity.”
“Just so long as you don’t expect the rest of us to do a blood link.”
“Hah!”
The other adventurers, Lyon, Zel, and Mrsha all watched as the mages grew silent. Lyonette had to pick up Mrsha to keep her from wandering over; she had a feeling serious magic was being done.
If it was though, it only took moments and, disappointingly, had no colorful effects or sounds to accompany it. The mages let go and Moore carefully pulled the door open.
“I’m telling you, you’re not going to get it open even if you pour a thousand mana potions on it. Put that down!”
“How do you know? It might work. Let me try one!”
Octavia’s shop appeared in the doorway again, as if nothing had happened. Erin and Octavia were caught in the center of the shop, fighting over a green bottle. They paused and turned to the door.
“Oh hey, the door works.”
“You did it!”
Erin leapt through the door and beamed at the mages. They stepped back, looking slightly weary.
Revi flicked a bit of sweat off her forehead.
“That thing’s a mana sponge. No wonder it can’t run for more than a minute at best.”
“Thanks, guys!”
Erin beamed at the others, and then pointed at the door.
“Will this thing last for a while?”
“Longer than last time, if you don’t exhaust it by moving back and forth again.”
Pisces sat back into a chair and reached for another piece of cheese. Typhenous nodded.
“You have a wonderfully powerful artifact here, Miss Solstice. I would love to talk to you about it—and with you adventurers, if you have the chance. Perhaps over dinner?”
“Dinner! That’s right!”
Erin turned to the window in horror as she realized how late it was getting. She called out to Lyonette as the girl hurried over.
“Lyon, we’ve got to start making food! Tons of it!”
“I’ve got a bunch of it in the pantries, but there’s more in the basement. Should I…?”
“Great! Bring up whatever you need—I’ll start cooking! I’ve got [Advanced Cooking]!”
That made all the adventurers in the room, and Zel, sit up. Mrsha’s ears perked and the young Gnoll crept towards the kitchen to wait.
“Aw, you’re making food? Close the door before I smell it!”
Octavia groused to Erin as the girl began listing food for the appreciative crowd and accepting suggestions for what she should cook. Erin turned and smiled at Octavia.
“Why don’t you join us?”
“Join you?”
“Why not? Come on, lock up your shop and have a meal! You can talk to these guys while you wait—did you know everyone here’s an adventurer? Well, besides Zel and Mrsha and Lyonette—but these guys are Gold-rank adventurers?”
“Gold-rank adventurers?”
Octavia didn’t exactly teleport, but she was through the portal door in a flash. She offered a brown bottle filled with liquid that looked like it had tiny glowing fragments swirling around inside of it to Revi.
“Mana potion?”
“What? No, I don’t need—”
Revi tried to decline, but Octavia pushed the bottle into her hands.
