3.33
Page 7
The other adventurers chuckled, but Erin’s eyes just sparkled. She turned to the Horns of Hammerad.
“We’ve gotta show them. Come on Pisces, is the door ready?”
He sniffed.
“The door hasn’t stopped being ready. It’s merely placement I was concerned with—”
Erin brushed past him and ran over to the door, which had been leaned against one wall. She beckoned Lyonette, Mrsha, and Zel over. The Drake stopped playing ‘catch the claw’ with Mrsha and walked over to stare at the door.
“What is it, Erin?”
The adventurers sitting or standing at the room stared in bemusement at the plain wooden door—all that is, except for Typhenous and Moore. Revi was openly yawning until Typhenous nudged her and pointed. Then she sat up straight in her chair.
The rest of the Gold-rank teams picked up on the cue, and stared harder at the door. Erin stood in front of it like a circus conductor about to unveil the biggest trick of the night.
“Alright, brace yourselves, everyone. A little bit ago, Ceria, Pisces, Yvlon, Ksmvr—they’re the Horns of Hammerad—they went into Albez with this map thing. And they found this. Well, they didn’t find this, but—”
Erin broke off as she realized she was losing her audience. She shook her head.
“Never mind. But they got this magical door. Look what it can do!”
She flung the door open, and spread her arms wide.
“It’s a portal door!”
There was no wall, behind the door. There should have been, but instead the amazed room of people stared straight into a second room, one filled with racks full of glowing potion bottles, workbenches with powdered ingredients and empty glass containers—
And sitting at one table, humming a song under her breath and putting a label on one bottle, a young woman with dark skin. She looked up, frowning at the sound of the door hitting the wall in Erin’s inn.
Octavia froze, potion bottle in hand as she saw the room full of people all staring at her. She stared at the beaming Erin, at the open-mouthed Jelaqua, at Moore, blinking down at her, and then yelped as a white shape bounded towards her.
“Mrsha, no!”
Lyonette grabbed for the Gnoll. She caught Mrsha a second before the young Gnoll could cause havoc in Octavia’s shop. The Stitch-girl slid off her seat.
“What in the name of exploding cauliflower is this, Erin?”
“Octavia! I’m back in my inn!”
The room—both rooms—erupted into sound as everyone began talking.
“Extraordinary! I can’t believe it!”
“A magical door?”
“In Celum?”
Everyone started clustering around the door. Erin stepped through and beamed at the others as Pisces tried to explain.
“Isn’t it so cool? I can go all the way to Celum just like that! And if I step back—”
She walked back through and spread her arms.
“I’m in Liscor!”
She hopped through again. Ceria frowned and opened her mouth.
“Hey Erin, that’s not the best—”
“In Celum! In Liscor!”
Erin jumped back and forth in rapid succession. Pisces turned and snapped.
“Don’t do that! You’ll exhaust the mana supply!”
“What? Oh—”
Erin half-turned to look back as Pisces as she jumped through the door again—
And the portal closed. One second the other room was there, full of noise, people—Erin could even smell them from Octavia’s shop—and then she was staring at a blank wall. Erin paused and then slowly poked the stone behind the door. Hopefully, she closed the door and opened it again.
Nothing happened. Sitting at her counter, Octavia smacked her forehead and groaned.
“You idiot.”
 
—-
 
