3.33
Page 12
So many people. But where was Erin? Klbkch looked around and then saw her. She was coming out of the kitchen. He made towards her instantly.
“Erin.”
“Klbkch!”
She greeted him the instant she saw him. Erin beamed and hugged Klbkch—he hugged her back, gingerly.
“How have you been? No, wait—it’s good to see you! Do you want something to eat? Let me find you a place to sit!”
“Actually, Erin. I was hoping to converse with you about—”
“Sure, sure! But later, okay? I’ve got to keep serving—”
“Hey Erin!”
Some raised his voice. Klbkch saw a man get to his feet unsteadily. He waved in Erin’s direction.
“You have to give—show us again how to do the chant! The one with the [Witches]! We can’t decide how it should be performed.”
“Oh, that one? Just a second!”
Erin called out and smiled at Klbkch, looking distracted.
“That’s from Macbeth. It’s a play. Oh, wait, you don’t know what a play is. I’ll explain it in a bit—just wait and I’ll get Lyonette to bring you some fried bee!”
She ran off before Klbkch could say another word. Forlornly, the Antinium stood in place, staring around the room.
“Hey, Klb. Over here.”
Someone addressed him by name. Klbkch turned, and saw Relc sitting by himself at a table. The Drake grunted as Klbkch sat down. He had a huge bowl of corned beef in front of him, and three tankards. He drank from the fourth as Klbkch stared at him.
“Noisy, isn’t it?”
“It is unusual. I did not expect to see you here.”
“Why? Because I’m a Goblin-hating jerk?”
“Yes. Did Erin react negatively towards your presence?”
“I think she was too busy to get mad.”
The Drake stared moodily at his food.
“She said hi. And she didn’t kick me out. I guess that’s good, right?”
Klbkch nodded. There was so much sound here! He was used to noisy taverns and inns—it was practically their only state of being. But not here. This was different. And he wasn’t sure he liked it.
“Bee? Someone wanted—oh, hello Klbkch!”
Lyonette bustled over, a bee on a plate. She handed it to Klbkch and turned back to the kitchen. The Antinium stared at the bee, and realized he was hungry. As he ate, he spoke to Relc.
“You seem morose. Why? You being allowed to stay here seems to be a positive thing.”
“Yeah, I guess.”
Relc picked at his food. Klbkch crunched one of the bee’s legs in his mandibles, savoring the honey and butter coated onto the insect.
“It’s just…I feel like we’re not her guests, anymore, y’know? I mean, we’re guests here and we pay and get fed—and this is good grub, but we’re not her guests anymore. We’re just guests.”
“I see.”
Klbkch looked around the room. He looked at countless faces, all of whom knew Erin by name, and felt a sense of isolation in his chest.
“I feel the same way.”
“See? It’s not just me!”
Relc drained his mug. He waved for Lyonette to bring him another—and had to keep on waving because Lyonette was busy.
“I guess we didn’t know what we had. But remember when Erin was just by herself? We could come in at any time and she’d be sitting with us…”
“It was pleasant.”
Klbkch nodded as he tore pieces off of his bee. Relc smiled.
“Hah. Remember the pasta?”
“I do.”
“And now—well, now I can look over and see old man Zel sitting right there. Zel Shivertail. The Tidebreaker himself. Eating in this inn. It’s crazy.”
Klbkch nodded silently. He knew that Relc knew of his past history. Klbkch was as famous as Zel. More famous. At least among his own kind. But the extent of that fame was diluted among other races. Relc had only known him as Klbkch the Slayer at first. It was not the same.
