3.33
Page 15
The girl grinned at Zel as she saw, out of the corner of her eye, Erin wandering into the kitchen. The Drake frowned as he looked in that direction.
“Is she going to sleep there?”
“She used to.”
Sure enough, the two heard a thump and then faint snoring as Erin immediately fell asleep. Zel shook his head and Lyon grinned.
“She’s a good…good…”
“So you say.”
He started helping Lyonette towards the stairs. But she paused as she put her foot on the first step.
“Something’s happening. Something is…weird…”
Zel paused. Then he frowned.
“Yes. I can feel it too.”
He turned. Lyonette shivered, and looked towards the fire. But it was still hot—and she realized she wasn’t shivering in cold, but rather trembling. The room was shaking.
“What…?”
“Earthquake?”
Zel looked around, ushering Lyonette towards a table. She stumbled towards it, but then realized something was wrong.
“No—look!”
She cried out as she pointed towards the walls. Zel turned and swore. The walls were trembling as well, and—glowing. 
“What in the name of the Ancestors is happening?”
Lyonette held onto a table as she heard voices from above. People were waking back up, and stumbling around. She turned, and tried to run for the stairs.
“Mrsha!”
The light grew stronger. Lyonette cried out in fear, and then, suddenly, everything stopped. It was as if the world had been pushing, shaking as it moved towards something. But now the world had reached its conclusion. The inn returned to normal. The walls grew dark and still.
But it was not the same inn of a moment ago. Lyonette’s legs shook as she steadied herself on the staircase railing for support. She stood up, and stared around the room. Zel stared back.
“What—what happened? I feel…”
Something was different. It was in the air, in the walls, even in the ground. The atmosphere in the inn suddenly felt charged to Lyonette. Zel just stared at her, uncomprehending.
“Why did the shaking stop?”
“I don’t know. But can’t you feel that?”
He shook his head.
“Feel what?”
Lyonette stared at him. He couldn’t feel it, but she could. Untrained as she was, she could feel it in every particle she breathed, every step she took as she walked across the floor of the inn. She raised her hand and concentrated.
“[Light].”
An orb of light drifted upwards from her hand. It glowed deep blue, and then shifted to a murky green; the color of the ocean depths that she had seen only once before. It was just an orb of light—
But it was far larger than it should be. As the ball of light flew upwards, it expanded, turning into a sphere, a tiny green planet of its own. And more orbs of light rose upwards as well, from the ground, the tables, hovering in the air, a constellation of slowly shifting lights.
“What is it?”
Zel stared wide-eyed at the lights. He looked back at Lyonette, but she was pale-faced too. She had never cast a spell like this before. This—was closer to [Illumination], a spell far beyond her. But all she had cast was [Light].
“What is it? How is this happening?”
“I don’t know. But I can feel it. It’s…everywhere.”
“What is?”
Lyonette held one of the softly glowing orbs out. It turned pure white, and she breathed the words.
“Magic.”
 
—-
 
And she woke up, in the moments before the sun rose. Erin sat up as Lyonette and Zel stood in the common room. She stared at the glowing lights floating in her inn, and heard the words, the words that thundered in her mind.
 
[Innkeeper Level 30!]
[Conditions Met: Innkeeper → Magical Innkeeper Class!]
[Skill – Inn: Magical Grounds obtained!]
[Skill – Inn: Field of Preservation obtained!]
 
“Wow.”
 

