3.33
Page 9
“We are all experts in some way, aren’t we? I have never been to Wistram, although I have dreamed about studying there. But since none of us specialize in enchantments, let us pool our knowledge.”
“It’s not a question of pooling, Moore.”
Typhenous looked unhappy as he glared at Pisces.
“As I was saying, the enchantments need reworking. If you look at how much magical energy this door drained from just a few moments of being active—”
“My spells did nothing to inhibit the costs! Ceria, back me up here.”
“Let’s all calm down and—”
Across the room, Ulrien and Halrac sat together with Jelaqua and Seborn. They were used to mages, and as such, gave them room. Jelaqua stared at Ceria and Pisces, looking thoughtful.
“Wistram mages?”
Seborn nodded.
“It seems as though they are. Typhenous was surprised. I wonder why?”
Ulrien spoke quietly.
“Probably because he didn’t believe it. I’ve heard Wistram mages are a cut above most other mages, even at lower levels.”
“Well, we knew Springwalker was good. Her team might be important to watch. More importantly, where the hells did they find that door? I heard them mention Albez, but I heard that ruin was tapped out decades ago!”
“Why not ask?”
Lyonette saw the Gold-rank adventurers get up and begin talking with Yvlon, who looked overwhelmed to be speaking with so many higher-ranking adventurers. She turned to Zel.
“It looks like there’s a lot of competition.”
The Drake nodded.
“Adventurers work together, but they also compete for the same things. These groups seem pretty mellow, actually. I’ve seen things get ugly fast, although it might come to that if the mages don’t cooperate.”
“I’ll do something about that.”
Determinedly, Lyon stood up, letting Mrsha hop off her lap. Erin might be back, but Lyon could still be useful. The Gnoll followed her into the kitchen and in a few moments, came out chewing something in her mouth.
Lyon came out a few moments after that, holding a platter with cut cheese, some sliced bread, and sausage all sliced up. She approached the angry mages, holding the smorgasbord out in case someone cast a spell. They ignored her until she raised her voice tentatively.
“Excuse me. Would anyone like something to eat? Or drink?”
The bickering mages looked up. Like magic—a different kind of magic than was being argued over here—they stopped fighting as all fives mages eagerly grabbed the snacks off of the plate. Moore, who hadn’t really been that confrontational to begin with, smiled gratefully as Lyonette handed him a block of cheese she’d sliced into two parts and half a sausage on a plate of his own.
“Hm. Oh, thank you, my dear.”
Typhenous smiled at Lyonette, and Ceria and Pisces remembered they hadn’t eaten since breakfast as they shoved food into their mouths. Lyonette hurried back into the kitchen, and in a few minutes everyone was sipping from mugs and speaking far more calmly to each other.
“Yes, I see. I suppose we can simply concentrate our mana together to reactivate the doorway until a better solution can be found.”
Typhenous brushed some crumbs off his beard and nodded at Pisces. The young man inclined his head as well.
“How would you like to focus it? Neither Ceria or I have a focusing agent—”
“My staff would work well. Allow me.”
Moore gently raised his staff and touched the door as he put his plate on one table. Typhenous nodded. He reached out and grasped Moore’s other hand. Revi stood by Typhenous’ side; she linked hands with him.
“A good old fashioned link-up, is it? I haven’t done one of these in ages. Do they do these in Wistram?”
