3.33
Page 5
“Fine, so long as we don’t have to pay more.”
Revi threw up her hands and walked back to talk with Typhenous and Ulrien. Jelaqua turned to the two members of her group.
“Hm. This Erin Solstice. Do we know her?”
“She’s the one who had that skeleton, remember? The one who punched that Gnoll warrior?”
Moore smiled a bit, and Jelaqua’s eyes widened in recollection.
“The one with the skeleton, right? Well, if she’ll tolerate us I’m fine with the undead wandering around. I really hope she doesn’t kick us out.”
“Hm. You did make her faint by opening your chest up, Jelaqua.”
“Damn. Was that her? Sorry, Moore, but you might not be able to get as comfy here as you hoped.”
“I’m sure she won’t be so prejudiced. Have faith.”
The adventurers reached the top of the hill, the Halfseekers arguing about what might change, Revi complaining and Ulrien and Typhenous listening. Halrac ignored the discussion and paused in front of the door. He pushed it open, and blinked.
“Hey there! Halrac!”
A young woman turned in the middle of the room, and a trio of struggling adventurers stopped wrestling with the thick wooden door to turn and look at the newcomers. Erin half-ran across the room and beamed at Halrac.
“You’re staying at my inn? Lyonette, you didn’t say Halrac was the one staying here!”
“You said you wanted it to be a surprise!”
Lyonette hurried over, smiling at Halrac and the other adventurers. They paused.
“Miss Solstice? We haven’t formally met. My name is Ulrien. I lead the team of Griffon Hunt.”
“Oh! Pleased to meet you!”
Erin started shaking hands. Revi came forwards, and Typhenous. Halrac grunted.
“My team. We’re staying at your inn.”
“I know, and that’s great. Come on in—sorry, I was in the doorway, wasn’t I? Come on in! There’s no food yet, but…oh! Are you the other Gold-rank team?”
Somewhat apprehensively, the Halfseekers stepped forwards. Erin was busy staring at Moore and Seborn, both of whom were used to the scrutiny, but the real test was Jelaqua. Erin smiled at the woman and then blinked and frowned as she saw the other woman’s deathly pale face.
“Hi, I’m Erin. Haven’t we met?”
“I believe so. My name is Jelaqua Ivirith. I lead the Halfseekers, who you see before you.”
Erin’s eyes narrowed.
“Wait a second…you’re that chest-bursting lady! The Selfad, right?”
Jelaqua nodded, not bothering to hold her breath because she didn’t need to breathe that much unless she was talking. But she was nervous, until Erin stuck her hand out, beaming.
“Good to meet you!”
Bemusedly, Jelaqua blinked at Erin’s proffered hand. She hesitated; touching a dead body’s hand was not fun for any species. But there was no way to say that in a moment, so she gingerly shook Erin’s hand. The girl shivered, but not in disgust.
“Whoa. That’s cold. Oh wait, your body is dead, right? That’s so…well, weird, but I guess Humans are weird too, right? Sorry, am I being rude? Wait, was what I said racist? Sorry!”
She smiled at Jelaqua, and then turned to Seborn and Moore.
“And you’re a half-Giant? And a…Drowned Man? Are there Drowned Women, too? Come on in! Lyonette says she makes a ton of food for you, Mister Moore. I’ll see if I can buy bigger plates. And bigger knives and forks, too! Oh, and do you need a bigger bed? I can probably get one made…”
The Halfseekers blinked as Erin talked them into the inn, showing not a hint of fear, suspicion, or even awkwardness around them. She just seemed curious and excited by the adventurers.
