3.33
Page 1
Then someone else followed the group into the inn. An ant-like creature with an armored blackish-brown carapace and three arms. Zel’s claws clenched together before he made himself loosen his grip.
Antinium. The thing made Zel want to leave, or start a fight. But he held himself back. Why was one here?
“Pardon me Captain, Erin, but Termin is asking where his horses can be rested. Is there a stable nearby?”
“A stable? Why would I have that?”
“Most inns have a stable, Erin.”
“Really? Oh yeah! Um. No, I don’t have one Ksmvr. I guess Termin’s going to have to put his horses in the city. Sorry!”
“I will convey that to him with tact.”
The Antinium walked back out. Zel couldn’t believe what he’d heard. That Antinium had a name? And it was—an adventurer?
Nothing made sense. But now the young woman was approaching him with a smile. Zel took a few steps and met her in the center of the room.
“Good evening, Miss. My apologies, I don’t believe we’ve met. My name is Zel Shivertail.”
Erin stared up at the tall Drake, blinking a few times at him.
“Whoa. You’re tall. Um. Hi. I’m Erin Solstice. I sort of own this inn, but I’ve been gone…wait, did you say Shivertail? Are you related to Selys?”
Zel’s nonexistent eyebrows rose.
“You know my niece?”
“Yeah, she’s one of my friends! That’s so weird!”
Erin stared round-eyed at Zel for a moment, and then came back to the topic at hand. She coughed a bit nervously. Zel realized he was looming a bit and tried not to. This young woman seemed, well, a lot like what he’d expected.
That was unfortunate.
“Well, I’ve been gone for a little bit. There was an uh, accident, but I’m back now! I hope Lyon—I mean, Lyonette’s been treating you well? Getting you food and cleaning the inn and stuff?”
It was a question, not a statement, and Zel noticed that too. He made himself smile at Lyon as the girl looked nervously at Erin.
“I couldn’t have asked for better hospitality while I’ve stayed here. Your employee has done an excellent job, Miss Solstice.”
“Call me Erin! And that’s great! Good job, Lyon. Let me just look around…um, make yourself at home, Zel! Ceria, Pisces, I guess put your stuff over there—I just want to check…”
She passed by Zel and he saw her enter the kitchen. Lyon followed after her, looking suddenly very anxious. Mrsha ran after both Human girls and Zel heard Erin exclaiming as he eyed the adventurers. They seemed to be discussing this new revelation near the doorway—the Human [Mage] was giving Zel the fisheye, although the Drake [General] doubted any Human would recognize him without an army at his back.
“Hey, nothing’s broken! And the inn isn’t burned down! Everything’s alright! Good job, Lyonette!”
Zel’s eyes narrowed fractionally. He glanced towards the kitchen and saw Erin come out of it. Lyon looked relieved. The girl was chattering to Erin as the young woman poked around the rest of her inn.
“I tried to keep everything like it was, but I had to put the blankets and…stuff on the ground somewhere else. I’ve been purchasing food, but I tried not to spend too much coin! Um, I kept it—”
“Yeah, cool. Did you make food? By yourself?”
“I did. It’s not very good…”
“See, I tried to teach you! Did anyone get sick? And wait—”
Erin stopped and stared at one part of the room. She hurried over and then exclaimed in horror.
“Hey! What happened to my flowers?”
She rushed over to the boxes of dirt standing at the windowsills. Zel saw Lyon grew pale. The girl hurried after Erin, wringing her hands as she tried to explain.
