3.33
Page 8
In the minutes after the door’s mana supply ran off, there was a lot of shouting. But adventurers being used to sudden changes, no one panicked too much. Except for Mrsha. Lyonette had to lift the howling Gnoll away from the door, and reassure her all was well.
Zel sat with her at a table as Lyonette coaxed Mrsha into sitting with her. The other adventurers were still standing around the door, although now an effort was going on to bring Erin back.
“Erin’s just gone for a little bit, okay Mrsha? It’s all okay. It was just an accident—no one’s hurt!”
“That was startling, though.”
Zel remarked as he stared back at the door. He eyed it, and the adventurers who were beginning to split off, leaving only the five mages to talk about what should be done. Lyonette thought his eyes lingered for a long time on Ksmvr.
“It’s a magical door. It must be incredibly powerful if it can teleport someone so far.”
“Yes. It’s an artifact worth—I can’t imagine. But it clearly has its limits, as your boss seems to have discovered.”
He did not look impressed. Zel turned to Lyonette.
“She has a very scattered personality.”
“It was an accident. She was—um.”
Lyonette stared at the door as the mages began to argue loudly. She saw Pisces standing protectively over the door as he and Typhenous began raising their voices.
“And what, pray tell, do you have to object to in the way I altered the enchantment? You will note I barely altered the matrix—”
“By creating a portal? That’s the element of the trap, don’t you see?”
Typhenous looked irritable as he poked the door with one finger, glaring at Pisces.
“It was clearly meant to open and reveal another room—thereby teleporting the incautious to another place entirely. But such a spell isn’t meant to safeguard the user! If it had closed on that young woman’s hand or leg she might have lost it entirely!”
Pisces turned red and Ceria interjected quickly.
“It was a mistake, but the key now is fixing it. If we work together we can probably—”
“We? Let Typhenous fix it. He’s the highest-level out of all of us.”
Revi interrupted, folding her arms. Lyonette winced as Mrsha turned to look. She knew conflict when she saw it, and this was the kind of battle she was used to back home. Not physical, but social, a battle of willpower and hierarchy.
“Oh, is that so? And I take it you are an expert in enchanting magic?”
Pisces drew himself up as Ceria let out a hiss of exasperation. Typhenous stared back archly.
“Not a master, but I am well-versed in it from years of practice and time spent in dungeons. I was educated in the college of magic in the capital city of Pheron for twelve years. And you are…?”
“Pisces. I, and Ceria here, are graduates of Wistram.”
Revi and Typhenous blinked. Revi looked frankly incredulous—Typhenous muttered what looked like a spell under his breath.
“You two?”
“Correct.”
Pisces stared unflinchingly back while Ceria mumbled something in agreement. Typhenous nodded slightly to Revi, and her demeanor changed.
“Well…we might not be Wistram mages, but I was tutored by an expert. We’ve got the experience here—we’ll alter the enchantment on the door before we draw the girl back.”
Pisces’ eyes flashed.
“I am fully capable of doing any needed configuration myself. Your assistance would be useful—”
“It needn’t be a competition.”
The deep voice came from Moore, making all the other mages pause. He had been quiet, but now he looked disapprovingly around at the other four mages.
