3.33
Page 13
“And over there—two teams of Gold-rank adventurers. Gold-rank. You barely see them in the best inns in big cities, and there are two staying here. I could take any one of them on by myself, of course—”
“Of course. Understand I merely say this to act as a friend, not because I believe your combat skills are that advanced.”
“—Shut up, Klb. But I mean, look at them.”
Relc lapsed into silence. Then he dug into his bowl with a spoon and munched down some beef. He wiped at his mouth, looking dispirited.
“Reminds me of when I was back in the army. It reminds me…nah, never mind. I just sorta feel like I’m out of shape, y’know?”
Klbkch nodded.
“I understand your sentiments.”
“I don’t. But I feel out of place and very worthless.”
The two looked over as Olesm collapsed into a seat next to them. The smaller Drake looked despondent as his light blue tail curled up around his chair leg. He slumped forwards onto the table, holding a nearly-empty mug in one claw. Olesm stared at the two guardsmen.
“Mind if I sit here?”
“Go ahead.”
“You appear to be sitting already.”
“Thanks.”
The Drake sighed, long and loud. Relc poked him with a claw.
“What’s eating you?”
“I wanted to talk to Erin, but she’s busy. And there are so many people here—I feel like I’m not important anymore. I mean, to her. Not that I thought I was—I just want to talk to her, okay?”
“Join the club.”
“Indeed.”
The three sat in silence. The food was good, the company was acceptable, but Erin wasn’t here. Or rather, she was close, but too busy.
After a while, Klbkch spoke.
“It is unseemly to sit and be depressed because of Erin’s good fortune. I believe we should mingle and enjoy ourselves. We will be able to converse with her in time.”
“Mingle? And do what?”
Relc looked annoyed. Klbkch stood up.
“Let us find out.”
Relc exchanged glances with Olesm, but then they stood and entered the party. And it was a party.
“Look at this door! Look at this door!”
Five minutes later, Relc was drunk, laughing, and having the time of his life. He was throwing pieces of bread through the door—which had been laid flat on the ground—into Octavia’s shop, trying to land it in Wesle’s mouth. Thus, he was actually tossing the bits of bread down onto the door’s entrance, whereupon they flew out of the doors sideways, aiming for Wesle as he lay on the floor in front of the enchanted door.
The physics involved created a far trickier game than normal, and the others crowded around the door were laughing.
“Stop making a mess in my shop!”
Octavia was shouting at Relc, but he didn’t seem to notice.
“You play so well! Have you been practicing?”
Olesm was dueling Pawn in one corner, and Typhenous, Ulrien and several other people were busy learning the game or playing it as well. Klbkch, standing to one side and eating his sixth bee, saw Erin move over to the game as if attracted by a magnet.
“Hey, I didn’t know you wanted to learn how to play, Lyonette!”
The girl blushed as she carefully placed pieces on the board. Her opponent, Krshia, was thinking hard as she scratched Mrsha by the ears. The Gnoll sat next to her, nibbling on some cheese, her belly round and full.
“Why don’t I teach you all how to play Go sometime? It’d be great!”
Erin was talking to Olesm and Pawn as Klbkch came over. Olesm looked confused.
“Go?”
“It’s a board game! Even more complex than chess! And it’s simple to make—well, sort of simple! I bet we could get a [Carpenter] to fix up a board for us in less than an hour!”
