3.34
Page 7
Erin turned to look at Pisces and Ceria.
“And you two guys are Wistram mages, right? That’s important too, isn’t it?”
The two Silver-rank adventures fidgeted. Ceria coughed, blushing slightly.
“Not as important as Gold-rank, Erin—”
“That’s fine. But if I asked you to, could you get all of the mages in Celum and Liscor to come here and charge the door?”
“Why?”
Everyone looked astounded, but Erin just grinned.
“I want to bring in supplies. And people! Adventurers, [Guardsmen], [Guardswomen] too—I know there are some in Celum, food, clothing, blankets, pillows…I want as much of it as this door can teleport, today.”
“Why? What is this all for? And where would you put it?”
Revi looked exasperated as she asked. Pisces’ mouth formed an ‘o’ of comprehension as Erin smiled at the Stitch-mage.
“Esthelm.”
The room fell silent. Halrac blinked, and Ulrien sat up at the same time Jelaqua nudged Seborn with an elbow. The Selphid’s whisper was quite audible.
“See? What did I tell you? Isn’t she great?”
“You want to send aid to Esthelm?”
“That’s right.”
Erin turned and met Zel’s eyes confidently. Revi frowned.
“No offense Erin, but why would you want to do that? Esthelm isn’t your home, is it? Why would you waste your coin and energy helping them out? I heard they already had control of the city, anyways.”
“But they need food. I went through there the other day—they might be in control, but their walls aren’t great, and they need blankets, supplies—more people. If Celum and the other cities are too afraid to send help down the roads, why not come up from Liscor instead?”
“There’s still danger on the roads, though. The area around Liscor isn’t safe from Goblin attacks.”
“Yeah, but what if we sent a huge Antinium army and a bunch of Gold-rank adventurers with all the wagons to protect them?”
“What?”
Halrac and Jelaqua said it at the same time as Zel. At opposite ends of the room, Ksmvr and Klbkch sat up.
“My Queen would never allow—”
“Erin, I do not believe I could persuade my Queen to—”
Both Antinium broke off. Ksmvr shrank down in his seat while Klbkch stared, until the Antinium looked away. Erin stared around the room, frowning slightly.
“Well, why not?”
“Erin, you can’t just ask an Antinium army to go marching—and you want Celum to just hand over all the goods? Your idea is…I mean it’s crazy…”
Ceria shook her head, frowning. But to her surprise, Yvlon stood up.
“Why not?”
Everyone looked at her. Yvlon looked at Erin.
“I think it could work.”
Revi raised her eyebrows incredulously.
“You do? Because I think it’s crazy too, like Miss Half-Elf said.”
“I think it can be done. Celum has the supplies and manpower to send—it’s just a matter of convincing their leaders to act. And if Ksmvr and Klbkch talk to their Queen—”
“Um. I am technically banned from entering my Hive—”
“And I do not know if I can convince my Queen.”
Erin stared at Klbkch. He was giving her an odd look. She walked over to him.
“Are you sure?”
He stared into her eyes. Klbkch’s face was inexpressive, but Erin could tell by the way his mandibles opened and shut repeatedly that he was troubled.
“I…could try. But I do not have high hopes of convincing my Queen.”
“And are we just going to ignore the part where you get an army of wagon drivers to take everything to Esthelm? Where are you going to get that? And are you going to pay for all of this, or do you expect Celum to foot the bill? I don’t think Liscor would pay to help Humans.”
Revi kept talking, determined to point out the obvious. She indicated Typhenous, Ulrien, and Halrac with one hand.
