3.34
Page 2
“Isn’t it? Us Humans are so intriguing. Except that I think Antinium are way more interesting.”
“That is a rare perspective.”
“I know. A lot of people don’t like the Antinium. Well, everyone, really. When I was in Celum I heard terrible things. And I’ve been told you guys are evil by all kinds of people. You know Lady Magnolia?”
“I know her, yes.”
“She doesn’t like you.”
“I am aware.”
Klbkch felt Erin looking at him again.
“Klbkch, will you promise me to tell the truth if I ask you an important question?”
“…Yes.”
The Antinium closed his mandibles slowly. He gripped the tiles on top of the roof, hard enough to crack one slightly as Erin stared at him. At last, she asked.
“What do the Antinium want? Really want, I mean?”
“To live. We want to live.”
“Oh.”
The two sat in silence as the sky grew a bit brighter. Just a bit. Erin shivered and mumbled about bringing a blanket. Klbkch sat in the cold, feeling it chill his entire body.
“If you guys want to live so badly, do you think you could live in peace? Not go to war, I mean? Be…nice to other nations?”
“It is doubtful.”
“Why?”
Klbkch shifted in his seat, dislodging more snow.
“Understand I speak of all the Hives, not just my own. I may be unfamiliar with recent events that have transpired, but I understand the way the Queens think. For them, peace is a strange concept. We do not think in terms of peace and war. We simply build up to wars, the next conflict. We have only known war, never peace.”
“So this isn’t peace. You’re really planning on going to war?”
“Some Queens are. Others think we should ally against our true enemy.”
“Who? Wait, what about your Queen? Would she be friends with the Drakes and Gnolls and Humans?”
“I do not believe she knows how.”
“Really?”
“Yes. She does not understand friendship any more than I do.”
“But you’re friends with Relc, aren’t you?”
“I am his partner. And I have been so for years. I have accompanied him on many occasions, and yes, I consider myself his friend. But I do not understand how I came to be one. And my Queen has no friends.”
He heard Erin take in a slow breath.
“Not even you?”
“Not even me. What we have is different.”
It was more than five minutes before anyone spoke next. Klbkch could see Erin’s eyes and head drooping. She was tired. So was he, but neither moved to get out of the cold. At last, as the sky grew brighter, foreshadowing the dawn, Erin stretched. Then she stood up. She stood on the roof of her inn and stared around the wide, open plains filled with snow. Everything was motionless, as if she was looking at a painting rather than reality.
“The world’s gotten a lot bigger, Klbkch. I know it’s usually the opposite way around, but I feel like every time I think I understand things, it turns out I don’t really get anything at all.”
Erin paused, and stared at the cold, pale snow stretching in every direction around her.
“…Or maybe it’s that I was looking at the wrong things to begin with. Does that make sense?”
Klbkch shook his head.
“Not at all. Your statement was quite incomprehensible to me.”
“Well, good. I don’t think I understand it well myself. What I’m trying to say is—did you know I leveled up last night?”
“I noticed an odd phenomenon around your inn and surmised this was the case, yes.”
“I got to Level 30. I’m a [Magical Innkeeper] now. My inn is also magical, or it has a lot of mana in it.”
“Congratulations. This is a great accomplishment.”
Klbkch inclined his head to her. Erin smiled a bit, and then grew serious.
“Yeah. It’s great. But—it’s strange.”
“How so?”
