3.34
Page 3
She spread her arms wide, turning to take in her inn and everything around it.
“Just look, Klbkch. I’ve got so much now. A new inn, a magical inn, a helper, friends, guests, a lot of money—even a magical portal door. And that’s great, it really is. But it’s not as important anymore as it used to be. Money’s just…money, now. What’s important is something else.”
“And will you tell me what that is?”
“People. We went past Esthelm on the way here, did you know? It was attacked by Goblins.”
“I am aware. But the city repelled them and retook the walls, did they not?”
“They did. But they’re hungry, Klbkch. Hungry. A lot of people died and they’re afraid the Goblins will come back. They’re going to fight to the death if they do, but this Goblin Lord is hurting everyone.”
“Yes. Over fourteen villages have been destroyed and a Drake city took heavy casualties fighting off a Goblin army to the south.”
“I didn’t know about that.”
“It is not a pressing concern. Such occurrences are common during calamitous events.”
Erin frowned at the sitting Antinium.
“No, you don’t get it. I didn’t know, but I wanted to know. I need to know.”
“Why? It does not impact your life here.”
“But people died. People are suffering. What happened to the survivors? Did anyone survive?”
Klbkch paused.
“I did not inquire. Such information would be obtainable I believe. Again though, I must ask why you wish to know.”
“Because I care.”
“You care about Goblins.”
“I care about a lot of people. I’d like to help them, if I can.”
“Why?”
Erin stared at the distant mountaintops, where something bright was rising.
“Before I went to Celum, I was really only concerned about surviving. But now—now I care about my friends. I care about people, Klbkch. I care about whether they live or die. I care that Jasi couldn’t find work and that Grev felt he had to steal to survive. I care about Rags and why people hate Goblins. And I care about the people in Esthelm, how they’ll do, and about Krshia and her shop, about Mrsha and Lyonette and you—”
“Why?”
“I guess because we’re friends? Or—no. Because they’re people. Because caring is important. Because I think I can help. Look at my inn. I’ve got money, friends…why shouldn’t I help?”
Klbkch stared at the young woman standing on the roof of her inn. He stood up and tried to see from her perspective.
“I do not understand, but I find myself admiring your perspectives. And yet, I must point out that aiding strangers has no benefit.”
“That’s a very Antinium thing of you to say, Klbkch.”
“Thank you?”
“Who cares if it doesn’t help me? If it helps them then I’m doing a good job. And then we might be friends.”
“Friends. How are friends created? How does friendship work? How do you make friends?”
Klbkch stared at Erin, wishing there were an easy answer. Something he could tell his Queen, tell the others, so he could change them. He did not expect a reply. But to his astonishment, Erin Solstice smiled and laughed out loud in pure amusement.
“Friends? That’s easy!”
“Really?”
She reached out and tapped Klbkch on the chest, right where his heart would be if he were Human. Erin smiled as dawn broke.
“All you have to do is give.”
“Give? Give what, precisely?”
“Something. Anything. Give your time to someone else to talk, give a bit of trust, or a helping hand. Give them a second, and maybe you’ll get something back.”
“But what if you do not?”
“Then you don’t. Maybe you’ll never get anything no matter how much you give. Maybe you’ll never be friends. That’s how it works. But to make a friend, you have to try. Just try.”
