3.34
Page 1
“She really did do a whole lot. She helped save Mrsha, took care of the inn—she even learned how to steal honey from those evil bees. By herself! And she got me new guests to stay at my inn.”
“The Gold-rank adventurers are certainly a boon.”
“Yeah. I’m glad they’re my guests. But that Zel Shivertail guy? He’s important too, isn’t he?”
Erin’s face turned to Klbkch. He couldn’t see her exact features in the dim light, but he saw her eyes meet his. He knew what question was coming, or thought he did. If it were anyone else, Klbkch might have hesitated or considered an untruth or partial truth. But with Erin he just nodded.
“Yes. He is a Drake [General]. A famous one.”
She shrugged as if that made no difference. Erin stared out at the walls of Liscor to the west. They were gray, imposing, a darker blob of color amid all the snow.
“He doesn’t like me. He thinks I’m irresponsible, silly, and sort of a jerk. Which is fair. But he hates you, Klbkch. I mean, really hates you.”
Klbkch stirred, looked at Erin.
“You could tell?”
She just smiled a bit.
“It was obvious. I saw him look at you a lot while I was serving food and chatting. The innkeeper sees everything, after all. Just like the butler, the maid, and the kids. It was obvious he didn’t like you—or Ksmvr or Pawn. And you—were the two of you enemies? In the war, I mean?”
“Yes.”
“Okay.”
The two paused, and then the conversation moved on. Klbkch looked at Erin, but saw very little behind her calm, somewhat tired expression. He didn’t know how she felt and was…afraid…to ask.
“There were many guests in your inn. I take it these were all acquaintances?”
“From Celum, yeah. It was good to see them, although they did get a bit crazy and trash Octavia’s shop. I was happy to see they were all doing well.”
“Indeed?”
“Yes. Jasi’s doing well. So is Grev, which is great. I mean, he’s not stealing anymore and he looks halfway cute now that he’s cleaned up. Even if he has a big nose.”
“I see. Will you tell me who Jasi and Grev are?”
“Oh—right. You don’t know.”
Erin looked sideways at Klbkch. He stared back. She smiled, and the night lit up a bit.
“There’s so much that happened. I mean, I know there’s a lot that happened with you over here—adventurers and dungeons and new Antinium and stuff. But would you like to hear what I did?”
“I believe I would.”
The two sat on the roof and talked for a while. It was the first conversation they’d had that was really between the two of them just catching up. Talking. Briefly, Erin told Klbkch the story of how she’d started putting on plays in Celum. Klbkch listened, nodding a few times and trying to imagine this strange activity Erin was performing.
“Such performances sound quite extraordinary, not to mention profitable. I would like to witness one if the occasion permits. Indeed, the city of Liscor may be receptive to such activities as well.”
“Would your Queen like it, do you think? Would that be one of the things which helps your Hive—putting on a play for her?”
He paused. And then he shook his head.
“I do not believe she would care to view a play. And if she did, I do not think she would understand it.”
“Really?”
Klbkch nodded.
“There are many things my people do not understand.”
“Like what?”
“Friendship. Laughter. Happiness. Ambition. Joy. Tears.”
“Really? You don’t understand tears? I mean, I know the Antinium don’t cry, but you don’t understand them?”
“I understand it is an action meant to express sadness. I do not understand why those who weep feel better after having done so.”
“I guess it’s because being sad helps. And crying is very sad.”
“Intriguing.”
