3.34
Page 0

It was still dark, still quiet, when the door of the inn opened. It was not night. But it was not day either. This was the brief moment before dawn, the quietest, most empty time. The sun had not risen, but the sky was no longer quite as black.
The door to the inn slowly opened, and someone came out. They moved very slowly; the rest of the inn was completely asleep at last, an hour after all the magic had occurred. As it turned out, even something as dramatic as an inn becoming a magical inn couldn’t keep people awake that much longer.
But the lone figure was still up. It closed the door and then peered upwards at the side of the inn.
This is what someone would have witnessed if they were waiting outside. A slight scraping sound, the sound of indrawn breath, scuffling. The figure climbed up onto the roof of the inn, muttering as snow cascaded down around them. But in the end, they were on top, and then quiet crunching followed their slow movement across the top of the inn.
A small flurry of snow swirled downwards as a small patch on the rooftop was cleared. After a few more seconds, the figure sighed as she took a seat, letting her legs dangle over the edge of the roof. Only then did she speak.
“Oh, hey Klbkch. I didn’t see you down there.”
Klbkch stepped out of the darkness and away from the wall he’d been standing next to. He nodded up at Erin Solstice.
“Good morning, Erin. I hope I did not alarm you?”
“I was about to scream, or throw something. I nearly had a heart attack. But why are you out here?”
“As a matter of fact, I was hoping to speak with you. But I did not anticipate you coming out here so early in the day. Or rather, late at night.”
The two spoke very quietly, their voices swallowed up almost immediately by the snow and night. But now Erin’s voice was filled with quiet amusement and astonishment.
“What, you were going to wait outside all night? That’s so weird. Why were you waiting? Come on up!”
It took Klbkch only a few moments to leap upwards and pull himself onto the rooftop. He was far more agile than Erin and stronger, too. She moved over and he sat next to her. Erin was still warm from the inside; Klbkch seemed like a cold block of ice.
“Was it something really important? You could have just woken me up.”
“No. That would be discourteous. And my issue was not so pressing…I simply found talking to you last night to be difficult, so I decided to wait outside while I determined what exactly I should say.”
“Oh.”
Erin fell silent. She turned her head and looked at Klbkch. He sat still, not shivering, more like a statue than a living thing.
“I’m sorry I didn’t get to talk. I really am glad to see you. It’s just I had so much to do…”
“I understand. And the fault is mine for expecting complete attention.”
“No it’s not. We’re friends.”
“…It is good that you are well, Erin. Your departure was alarming as it was mysterious.”
“Yeah. It was.”
Erin exhaled slowly, letting a small trail of vapor fly upwards. Klbkch watched it dissipate.
“I am told your skeleton was the cause.”
“Yeah. He was.”
“That is regrettable.”
“Yeah.”
Klbkch was used to maintaining both sides of a conversation. He had worked with Relc for years and was used to the Drake’s moodiness. But with Erin, he found it was easiest to wait. Or rather, he wanted to wait and hear what she had to say rather than talk.
“You know, I was surprised by Lyonette. She really changed while I was gone.”
“It was dramatic, certainly. I was not aware of her transformation until this point.”
