3.34
Page 4
The Human and the Antinium stood on the rooftop for a while staring at each other. Klbkch stared at Erin, and then nodded.
“I believe I understand. If that is the case, anyone may be your friend. So then you care about everyone.”
“Because it’s the right thing to do. Because they’re people too. Because I can.”
“I have not heard that perspective before.”
“Really?”
Erin turned and looked around. She walked towards the edge of the roof and stared back at Klbkch, perplexed.
“Why wouldn’t you think like that? Where I come from—well, some people think like that. We’re all people, aren’t we? Shouldn’t we help each other?”
“I have heard it said Humans help only Humans. I have seen Drakes help only their relatives. Gnolls help their species, but seldom others. Each race has their enemies, their rivals. The Antinium see nations and politics as a competition for resources.”
“Well, I don’t.”
Erin stepped off the roof. She landed on the ground and looked up at Klbkch.
“Come on. I’ll make breakfast, and then you can help me.”
He leapt off the roof and landed next to her.
“Do what, exactly?”
Erin smiled. It was a big smile, open and without guile. It was her smile, and it lit up the world.
“Something awesome.”
 
—-
 
Lyonette woke up as dawn broke. She got out of bed, feeling her muscles aching and exhaustion on every line of her body. Mrsha was sound asleep next to her, snoring gently. Lyonette would have liked nothing better than to go to sleep, but she had to get up now. She had to feed all her guests, get ready for the day.
She trudged downstairs, automatically reciting the list of chores for the day when she heard the pop and sizzle of meat frying. She poked her head into the kitchen and saw Erin, frying and cooking away a storm in her kitchen while Klbkch sat on a stool next to her and peeled potatoes.
“Morning, Lyonette! I’ve got breakfast started and Klbkch got us a lot of water already. Do you want to bring in the rest of the dishes and help me wash them before everyone gets up?”
Lyon blinked at Erin a few times. Then she nodded and got to work.
 
—-
 
“I can’t believe it. Can you sense the ambient mana in the air, Pisces?”
“I can and do, Ceria. It is simply astounding—when I consider the ramifications of such a Skill—”
The next morning, the inn was in an uproar. Well, a quiet uproar. Mainly confined to all the mages, really. The other adventurers just stared at their magic-using comrades when they exclaimed over Erin’s new Skill. Ulrien blinked constantly as Typhenous raved about the mana in the air, Halrac ignored Revi, and Yvlon plugged her ears rather than listen to Ceria and Pisces discuss what had happened.
To show solidarity, Ksmvr put two of his hands over his earholes. Jelaqua and Seborn listened to Moore out of politeness, but the Selphid’s eyes kept wandering in different directions.
In the end, the mages congregated at one table where they could properly express their amazement and get back more satisfactory responses.
“So? What’s the verdict? Is my inn cool or is it magical?”
Erin smiled as she brought over a basket of rolls to dip in the honey. Typhenous levitated the soft butter up and sliced some off. He accepted a roll with a smile for Erin.
“My dear, your Skill is nothing short of extraordinary. Why, I consider it quite an achievement to have created for all intents and purposes a magical leyline in your own inn. When I think of the positive applications…”
“Yeah, it’s cool, but I can’t do magic. Does this mean all your spells are super-powerful now?”
