3.34
Page 8
“And what’s this about volunteering us to guard the wagons? We might be guests here, Erin, but we don’t work for free.”
“I’ll let you stay for free if you help. And I can pay.”
Erin turned back to Revi, putting her hands on her hips. She stared challengingly around the room.
“Why can’t this work? Okay, it’s sudden, and okay, it’s crazy, but so what? There’s a city that needs help, thousands of people that could starve if someone doesn’t do something? Why not us?”
“Why should we do it?”
That came from Ulrien. Jelaqua glared, but Ulrien’s face wasn’t hostile. He was impassive, questioning. Erin stared at the big man without flinching.
“Because it’s the right thing to do. And I’ll make you a huge lunch for the road. Plus, you’ll be famous if you help.”
Ulrien thought about that for a few seconds, and then glanced at Halrac. The [Scout] nodded. Ulrien looked back at Erin and gave her a slight smile.
“We’re in. We’ll help—free of charge.”
“What?”
Revi cried out in shock, but Typhenous smiled and stroked his beard.
“Don’t fuss, Revi. This is for a good cause. Besides, I think this might prove to be quite an entertaining diversion.”
“We’re in too!”
Jelaqua shot to her feet, visibly disappointed not to be the first to offer. Moore stood up as well.
“This is a big undertaking for one day. Are you sure we can do it in the time given?”
Erin smiled up at him. Moore’s lips curved upwards in reply.
“I think we can do it. And if we split up, why not? All we have to do is get someone to yell at the Mage’s Guild in Celum—why not Revi and Typhenous and you? I bet you could scare the socks off of them. And if Halrac, Jelaqua, Ulrien and Seborn all go to visit the Council—”
“Do you think they’d listen to a few Gold-rank adventurers?”
Jelaqua frowned, but Ulrien nodded confidently.
“We’ve talked with city leaders before. It can’t be worse than persuading them to evacuate a neighborhood or muster the local army.”
Halrac was decisive. He seemed to be the most passionate, if his scowl was any indication.
“We can do it. Gold-rank adventurers have the pull, and this is an issue that the city-states agree on. They support one another or they all fall.”
“Huh. Using our authority and good name to influence others. Well, it’s never worked for our team, but I’ll try and help.”
Jelaqua grinned as she pushed her plate back. Erin turned to Klbkch.
“Can you go and talk to your Queen? If she can send, I dunno, some Soldiers and a lot of Workers to help, that would be great. And if your Hive has supplies they can spare like wood and stuff…”
Klbkch seemed torn. At last, he nodded.
“I will speak with her. I cannot promise you she will agree, but I will try, Erin.”
Erin smiled at him.
“Thanks, Klbkch.”
He stopped, wavered. And then Klbkch nodded firmly.
“Forget my last statement. I will obtain what is needed.”
“Thanks. And uh, I hate to ask, but I guess we need to talk to someone in Liscor. Do you know if Watch Captain Zevara could…?”
“Leave the Watch Captain—and the city leaders—to me, Miss Solstice.”
Zel Shivertail walked forwards. He didn’t look at Klbkch as the Antinium stood aside, but he smiled a bit as he stared down at Erin. He seemed bemused, but he too was smiling.
“I think I can get them to pay for a few wagons, at the very least. I’ll head down and talk with them now.”
“Oh, would you really? Thanks so much!”
Erin was full of gratitude, but Zel just shook his head slowly.
“I—it would be my pleasure, Erin. This is a good idea, and a good cause.”
He headed towards the door, catching Lyonette’s eye on the way over. Zel shook his head as she beamed at him.
