3.34
Page 18
Zel was incredulous. But he caught himself—this was one of the new Antinium, the ones all the damn Drake politicians and leaders were telling him to find out about. Pawn nodded.
“I do. I ah, have been sent to aid in restoring Esthelm.”
“Good. For you.”
Zel didn’t want to talk with any Antinium, even a new one. But Pawn clearly wanted to talk with him. The Antinium cleared his throat nervously.
“I was hoping I might converse with you, General Shivertail. I understand you are a famous General among the Drakes—”
“I fought in the Antinium War. Both Antinium Wars.”
“I know.”
The two stared at each other. Zel forced his fist to unclench. Pawn studied him carefully.
“I am not hostile towards you, General Shivertail. I do not wish to offend you either. I simply wish to talk.”
“Yeah? Well, I don’t want to talk to you.”
Zel forced himself not to shout. Pawn tilted his head sideways.
“May I ask why?”
“You’re an Antinium. I saw your kind ravage my continent. You still do. You infest part of my home. I saw your Soldiers slaughter thousands of innocents.”
“Yes. They did. But I was created long after those wars. I am not like my people. I am not like anyone.”
There was something in the Antinium’s eyes—Zel looked away. He controlled his voice, spoke levelly.
“Look, An—Pawn. I came here to help the Humans here, because it was the right thing to do. Because it was a good cause, understand? And I tolerated your Hive sending an army here, though I’d rather kill you all, because you lot are helping too. I won’t pick a fight with your kind, but it doesn’t mean I have to like you, or talk with you. I lost too many friends, too many comrades to your species to ever think of you as anything but the enemy. Understand?”
Silence. And then Zel saw Pawn nod out of the corner of his eye.
“I understand. But I did not come here to be friends. I came to ask—you see, I have been placed in command of my own force. I am a…leader. But I do not know how to lead.”
“So? The Antinium lead themselves, or the Queens do, don’t they?”
“Yes, but she has entrusted that role to me. I must lead, but I do not know how. That is why I have come to you. You are a Drake [General], one of the greatest leaders on this continent.”
Zel Shivertail stared incredulously at Pawn.
“You want me to give you…advice on how to lead an army?”
Pawn nodded.
“Yes.”
“Why in the name of the Ancestors would I do that?”
The Antinium shrugged. He seemed at a loss in front of Zel’s questioning stare.
“I do not know. I simply hoped you would. Because you understand the burdens of leadership.”
Zel turned away in disgust.
“I’ve never taken on a pupil. If you want to ask for training, go find Niers Astoragon, or some Human [Lord] like Lord Tyrion Veltras.”
“They are far away.”
“I don’t care.”
Zel turned to go. Pawn called out behind him.
“One question, please. Answer me one question, General Shivertail.”
General Shivertail gritted his teeth and lashed his tail.
“If I do, will you go away and stop bothering me from now on?”
“Yes.”
“Fine. Ask.”
Pawn was silent for a moment. Zel was about to snap when the Antinium spoke.
“What do you tell a soldier under your command when he is dying?”
The world paused. Zel turned back. Pawn went on.
“You see, I do not know what to say. I can only hold them, but I do not know what is supposed to be said. But there must be something. What do you say?”
