3.34
Page 5
Erin propped her hands on her hips as she regarded the mages with amusement. Ceria shrugged.
“It’s not as if they’ll become that much more powerful, but we could cast the same spell almost twice as many times here. And like Lyonette found out, if no one else is using the magic here, it can accumulate and boost a low-level spell to a great degree.”
“That’s super-powerful. Well, I’m glad it helps. I just hope it’ll recharge my door faster.”
“At the very least it will!”
Pisces seemed outraged by Erin’s lack of enthusiasm. He ripped one roll apart and dipped both ends in the honey, glaring at her.
“Do you understand—mph—what this—nmf—could mean? You could use the mana supply here to power any number of enchantments—”
“Ew. Don’t talk when you’re eating. You mean, like the [Field of Preservation] Skill?”
“It certainly seems that way.”
Moore smiled as Erin presented him with a roll that was more like a loaf. She thought about this as the mages’ conversation about what they might use the mana source for devolved into an argument over who would get how many rolls. But their conversation had given Erin an idea.
“Hey, Lyonette! Want to try an experiment?”
She called the young girl over and brought out an apple. It was a small one, and slightly wizened—not to mention expensive! Erin sliced it open and both she and Lyonette stared at the pale slice of apple.
After a while Lyonette coughed.
“Um, shouldn’t we come back later?”
“Right…”
Erin slapped her head and left the apple. She bent down to catch Mrsha before the Gnoll could leap onto the table and grab the apple for herself.
“Hey there Mrsha, how are you doing on this fine day? Do you think my new Skills are cool?”
Mrsha licked at Erin’s face frantically, making the young woman laugh and let go.
“Hey! Stop that!”
“Mrsha, don’t bother Erin! You can play after breakfast.”
Lyonette pulled Mrsha back. As she put the reluctant Gnoll on the ground, she saw Erin giving her an appraising look, far different from yesterday.
“You’re pretty good at handling Mrsha, aren’t you?”
“Well…I suppose I have had practice.”
“Good! Actually, that’s great.”
Erin smiled at Lyonette, and the girl flushed with pride. Erin turned and frowned around her busy inn.
“Last night you told me you stole something else from those evil bees, right? Honey, dead bees, and…uh, what was it? A larva? Where is it?”
“Oh! I put it in my room so it wouldn’t bother anyone. I can go get it—”
“Why don’t you show me?”
The two Humans went up the stairs, Mrsha right on their heels. Erin peered at the fat, yellowish-white grub sitting in the bowl of slightly congealed liquid and shuddered.
“Aw. It’s so…gross.”
Lyonette giggled.
“Isn’t it? I was going to feed it to Klbkch, but then I got a [Beast Tamer] class! Um…”
“You want to keep it?”
Erin gave her the fish eye. Lyonette nodded.
“It grows on you. And it’s not hard to feed—I keep adding more royal jelly to the bowl. Actually, I’ll need a bigger bowl; it keeps getting bigger.”
Erin studied the slowly wriggling grub. She frowned at it pensively.
“Have you named it?”
“What?”
“You’ve gotta give it a name. How about Pudge?”
“Pudge?”
“Well, it sort of looks like Pudge, don’t you think? No? Okay, what about a bee name? It’s going to turn into a bee someday, so how about…Buzz?”
Lyonette frowned at Erin.
“I don’t know. Those names sound a bit…”
“Wait, I’ve got it! Beeyonce. That’s perfect! No—wait, that’s horrible. Let me try again…”
“It’s just a grub. You don’t have to name it yet.”
“Apis? That’s the word for bee in uh, Latin. I think. Buzzana? Buzzany? Is it a boy or a girl bee?”
