3.34
Page 6
Lyonette just stared. Erin tried out several more names, and then realized she was getting a funny look from Mrsha as well. She threw up her hands and walked away.
“Fine! You can name the bee whatever you want when it gets big. But for now I’m calling him Mr. Ugly Fat Worm. It is a him, right?”
Lyonette and Mrsha exchanged a glance. The Gnoll reached out to poke the big larva and Lyonette smacked her paw away.
“What are you planning on doing now that you’re a Level 30 [Innkeeper]?”
Jelaqua asked as Erin went around the room with a pitcher, refilling cups. Erin paused and then shrugged.
“I’ve got some ideas. I mean, I’m not going to expand or anything; this is plenty for me as it is. But I might do more with what I have.”
The Selphid raised her eyebrows.
“Oh? Such as?”
“You’ll see. In fact, you’ll see in five minutes if you wait. I might need your group’s help for something I have in mind.”
“Really now. In that case, I think I’ll have a refill.”
Jelaqua smiled and leaned back in her chair as Erin filled her cup and moved on. Seborn leaned over to her.
“What do you think she has in mind that involves us?”
“No idea, but I’m curious, aren’t you? I heard stories all over Liscor about the crazy innkeeper, but we missed all the action. I want to be up close and personal for this one.”
One table over, Zel turned his head to frown at Erin’s back. He wasn’t so positive as the Selphid, and his premonition only got worse when Erin marched back over to the table full of mages.
“Hey, can I ask you guys to do an estimate for me?”
“Of course. About what?”
Ceria frowned as Erin pointed to the door.
“Now that I’ve got mana coming out of the walls and stuff, how much do you think I’d be able to transport through the door? I mean, in pounds? Or is it kilograms?”
The mages glanced around the table and began to speak. Pisces was the first person to come up with a response that wasn’t immediately shot down.
“I would wager the door could transport, oh, sixteen to thirty bodies between Celum and Liscor on a daily basis. I say sixteen as a lower estimate given the increased costs based on weight and mass, you see. If you had a group of armed warriors, sixteen would indeed be…”
“Okay, that’s not bad. But what if you all added your mana to it? How many then?”
Pisces broke off, looking confused. Revi exchanged glances with Typhenous.
“Well, we could add a lot. If you mean like last night, to bring a lot of people through—”
“No, I mean as much as you can. What if you drank mana potions, and put in everything you had into the door? How many people could you transport then?”
Ceria frowned.
“At least a hundred. But why? Erin, you aren’t planning on actually turning your door into a big shortcut between the cities, are you? Because mana potions aren’t cheap, and neither are mages. We could do it once or twice, but adding our mana to the door isn’t that easy.”
“No problem. You’d only have to do it once. And I guess one hundred people is good, but not enough. What if you went and got more mages?”
“What?”
Erin leaned forwards and put her hands on the table as she stared at the astonished mages. The other Gold-rank teams had stopped eating and were listening closely. Klbkch, sitting alone at his table, raised his head and waited, uncertain of what was coming next, but certain that it would be ‘awesome’.
“Mister Typhenous and Miss Revi—can I call you guys Typhenous and Revi? You’re big shot adventurers, right? And so are you, right Moore?”
“I’d say so.”
“By some standards, yes.”
“Among local adventurers, we are somewhat well known.”
