3.34
Page 14
She turned to him, and Klbkch saw the swirling colors in her eyes grow brighter. He opened his mandibles in a smile.
“I shall appraise you of the decision to paint the Soldiers as we march. We shall proceed, unless there are objections?”
She shook her head.
“None. Let us go see what defines the Free Antinium.”
 
—-
 
Later that day, the road leading from Liscor north to the Human lands was empty. Empty, that was, except for one vehicle.
The lone wagon rumbled slowly down the road. It was a familiar group sitting in it. Ceria, Erin, Yvlon, Ksmvr, and Termin all sat, eating a quick mid-day lunch as they headed north through the snowy landscape. Well, Erin, Yvlon, Ksmvr, and Termin sat. Ceria and Pisces were more comatose bodies slowly chewing their food as they lay in the back of the wagon on some crates.
“I’m just saying, it makes no sense! Why wouldn’t you want to go see your brother at all? I get that you don’t want him to be annoying and fuss over you, but you don’t ever want to see him?”
Yvlon sighed and brushed away some crumbs Erin had accidentally spat on her.
“The instant he finds me, he’ll try to take me back to our home, no objections. He’s not just protective. He’d never accept me being—crippled and continuing to adventure like this.”
“Oh. But he’s got your best interests at home. What if your family could help? I mean, with your arms…?”
Erin gingerly indicated the fused metal and flesh on Yvlon’s forearms, but the woman shook her head.
“If our family had a potion or artifact that could regenerate bones or limbs, we wouldn’t be a minor house in Izril. We’re known for having an adventurer or warrior in each generation—and having the first letter in our names be ‘y’. That’s all.”
“Well, I guess I understand. But you can’t run from your brother forever.”
“I don’t need to. As soon as he gets word of a village in trouble he’ll drop everything and run off. He is a [Knight].”
“Huh.”
“Hold up, you lot. There’s something on the road ahead.”
Termin suddenly called out in alarm, and Erma and Fox stopped in their tracks as he halted the wagon. All the adventurers immediately sat up, but they relaxed when they saw what it was.
“That’s not a monster!”
Erin chortled as she pointed at the creature that had caused Termin to stop his wagon. It was a beaver, sitting in the middle of the road.
“It’s a beaver. Why are you afraid of a beaver, Termin?”
Termin glared at Erin as he pointed to the beaver.
“That’s no ordinary beaver, Miss! It’s a Fortress Beaver, not one of your cute little rodents. See how large it is, even from here? It could bite my wheels in two in one go and probably take your leg off if you angered it. And where there’s one, there might be more. I’m not risking my wagon or my horses if I accidentally agitate it.”
Erin looked again, frowning. Now that she thought about it, the beaver certainly did look…big from so far away. It would be up to her chest—maybe up to her neck if she got close. She gulped.
“Okay, don’t pet the beaver. Well, can’t we get rid of it?”
Both she and Termin turned to look at the adventurers. Yvlon shook her head.
“I’m not killing a beaver.”
“I volunteer—”
“No, no.”
Erin hastily pushed down Ksmvr’s hand and turned in her seat. She poked the person lying behind her.
“Ceria. Hey, Ceria.”
“Wuh?”
One of the two comatose bodies raised its head. Ceria looked pale and exhausted, drained from using up all her mana, but she managed to get up to stare at the beaver.
“Can you get rid of it? You can talk to animals, right? Can you get it off the road so Termin can keep going?”
The half-Elf glared in outrage at Erin.
