3.35
Page 15
“She did nothing wrong. Durene was guiding me through the streets when this man decided to take objection to her existing.”
“So you say, sir. But this adventurer and his friends—a Silver-rank team—claim otherwise.”
The young man’s brows drew together as he snapped.
“I may be blind, but I know what I heard. And other people saw what happened too. Why not ask them? Or better yet, use a truth spell?”
“I hardly think that this situation calls for that.”
The man in charge dismissed the idea as if it were silly. He glanced at the adventurer, who looked pretty damn confident for someone who was probably lying, in Ryoka’s opinion. The lieutenant glared up at the half-Troll, who was looking chastened as well as upset.
“I’ll let it go with a warning—for both of you. Be on your way sir, and you, Miss—”
He hesitated, made a face, and then went on.
“—Cause no problems in my city while you’re here. If I hear of any more disturbances, there will be trouble.”
The adventurer took that as his cue to go and swaggered off. Ryoka glared at his back, but the young blind man was still irate.
“You have got to be kidding me. Is this really fair, officer? You and I both know that Durene did nothing wrong. Is it because she’s a half-Troll that you’re blaming her? Or do you simply not care about justice?”
The lieutenant did not like being told off. His cheeks reddened and he put a hand on his sword until he realized the blind man couldn’t see the motion.
“I apologize if you’ve been inconvenienced sir. Now, move along.”
“Come on Laken, let’s go.”
The half-Troll pulled gently at the young man’s shoulder. He clenched his fists, and then relaxed his hands. His fury seemed to wash away in an instant and he looked resigned, rather than upset. Laken nodded and patted Durene’s hand.
“Very well, I suppose this guardsman is just doing his job. As we say in my homeland, fahr zur Hölle du Bullenschwein. Ah entschuldigung, SIE Bullenschwein. Good day, officer.”
The blind man spoke the words directly to the lieutenant, and then smiled at him as if what he’d said had been a compliment. It clearly wasn’t, but no one knew what he’d said. The lieutenant frowned, but didn’t make an issue of it.
But standing across the street, Ryoka Griffin’s eyes suddenly went wide. She felt as if her entire body had suddenly been shocked. She knew what had been said. But more importantly, she knew in what language that had been said. That was no foreign tongue from this world. That was German!
Ryoka’s heart beat rapidly in her chest as she saw the group of guardsmen stride away, leaving the duo behind. That had to be just a coincidence. Or was it? There weren’t any people who spoke German in this world, were there? Well, if everyone here spoke English, why not? Another country could have adopted other languages. And yet—Ryoka’s gaze fixed on the blind young man standing next to the upset half-Troll.
“Ivolethe. Why is that guy so special?”
The faerie’s voice was tiny in Ryoka’s ear.
 
“I see it on him. The mark of command. The old destiny of leaders.”
 
That made no sense to Ryoka. But she was distracted by the Troll-girl. Durene? She was bending and whispering to the young man, although her voice was quite audible to anyone listening. Ryoka glanced around. Not many people were. They were hurrying around and away from her, rather than stopping to listen.
“What did you say, Laken?”
He turned his head towards her and Ryoka saw him smile. She heard him clearly whisper to the half-Troll as she stepped closer.
