3.35
Page 10
It couldn’t be a million. Ryoka was sure…but well, why not? She knew cities like Paris and London had boasted over a hundred thousand people in the middle ages. This city was surely as large—no, larger than they were. If you counted the suburbs and outskirts, why not?
“Unbelievable.”
She whispered the words as the carriage rode on. Now Reynold was taking her into the heart of the business district, as far as she could tell. Shops passed by on the right and left and she heard people calling out to her as she passed.
“Milady, a moment, please! Would you be interested in the latest wares from Baleros? A shipment has come in from T’vault, please see!”
“I have the latest treats from Terandria, right here! Try our fabulous new treat, a frozen delight! You won’t be able to say no to another lick!”
The man was talking about ice cream! Ryoka saw it being served in a shop—the man there was putting it on little gold platters for people to sample. She looked over to the other side of the street and saw a huge plaza pass by. The people shouting there seemed to be aiming for warriors, judging by the calls.
“Want a Shield Spider? Invaluable protection—don’t fear it turning on you! An expert [Beast Master] has trained it to fight and obey your every command!”
“Our group is seeking work! A [Jarl] and [Raiders] are willing to fight at your command!”
“I have a pot of Everburning Flame here! Make me an offer, quickly!”
“The Windfrozen Riders are available for commission—”
“Hire the Celestial Trackers and we will find your quarry or your coin back—”
The voices were swept away as Ryoka passed by. She turned her head to look and spoke to Ivolethe.
“I might have to get an Everburning Flame while I’m here. It could be seriously useful, especially if I can build a primitive steam engine or something. Hell, I could probably find a [Blacksmith] to make me the parts.”
The Frost Faerie laughed.
 
“Hah! Yon fool lies. That pot is filled with naught but oil. ‘Tis an alchemist’s trick—it will burn for a week before running out.”
 
“Damn. How can you tell?”
 
“‘Twas not magic. And I caught the odor of the burnt oil as we passed. How could you not tell?”
 
Ryoka stared at Ivolethe, impressed.
“I’m going to take you when I go shopping.”
 
“After you buy me meat! You promised!”
 
“I need to take care of business first. Reynold, where’s the Runner’s Guild in the city?”
“We’re arriving at the largest branch now, Miss Ryoka.”
Reynold pointed, and Ryoka saw a large building to one side. It was painted like most of the buildings in the city—a light blue color, and she saw there were three sets of doors that were constantly in use as citizens came in to claim a package or have one delivered, and Runners went out to make said deliveries.
“Looks like that’s my stop. Should I wait for you there?”
“I’m afraid I will have to park this carriage at a spot designated for Lady Reinhart’s vehicles. Please do not wait for me. Instead, if you will accept this seal, I will locate you.”
Reynold produced one of Lady Magnolia’s iconic seals, half-gem, half-silver. Ryoka eyed the translucent sapphire melted together with shining silver metal into a single disc.
“Expensive. Are you sure I need it?”
“It will allow you unfettered access to many establishments, I think you will find, Miss Ryoka. Of course, Lady Reinhart asks that you not make any claims against her name with her token—lending it to you is an act of great trust.”
“And it has a tracking spell, doesn’t it? That’s how you’re going to find me.”
“Yes, Miss. This is most convenient in such a large city.”
