3.35
Page 8
The man let the silence go on till the count of five. That seemed like enough time—Ressa had told him to pretend to be reluctant to tell Ryoka.
“They…are learning to become adventurers, Miss. I believe they have been escorted southeast of here to—to train.”
“Train? You mean Magnolia’s hauling a bunch of kids to—damn, that sounds just like her. Are they going to get killed?”
“I don’t believe so, Miss. They have competent escorts.”
“But knowing Magnolia, they won’t step in unless someone’s about to die.”
Ryoka shook her head. She eyed Reynold and he wondered if she was going to ask him where they were—that was something he couldn’t reveal. To his relief, she seemed to abandon the idea.
“I don’t need to see them anyways. The city’s what I’m concerned about. Why don’t we head over there?”
He nodded, relieved.
“I will have the carriage prepped and ready to go within five minutes, Miss. If you will follow me?”
“I don’t need a carriage. I’ll run to the city and meet you inside. At the Runner’s Guild, say.”
The [Butler] hesitated.
“I’m not sure that would be the most efficacious use of time, Miss Ryoka.”
She stared at him.
“First, stop calling me Miss Ryoka. I’ve told you that. I don’t care what your [Butler] protocol says. Second, why would that take a long time?”
“The [Guardsmen] at the gates do a thorough check of all visitors entering the city, Mi—ah, Ryoka. The queue moves fairly quickly, but it would be easier to take Lady Reinhart’s carriage. Her servants and associates are never stopped on their errands.”
“The privilege of power, huh?”
Ryoka snorted and shook her head.
“It doesn’t matter how long the line is, Reynold. I’m a Runner. I skip the waiting around at the gates.”
“Not in Invrisil. Customs apply to all people entering, even Runners. There is a separate line, but…”
“What, they check Runners too? Why? Don’t tell me they’re at odds with their Runner’s Guild.”
“Not as such. But Invrisil sees far more magical artifacts and potentially dangerous items entering and leaving the city than most locations. Prudence is necessary.”
“They really get that many deliveries that could be dangerous? What about the Runner’s claim to confidentiality? Don’t tell me they’d open all of my packages.”
“I believe they have spells for that. As for the rest, well, Invrisil is slightly…larger than you might be used to, Ryoka.”
Reynold smiled slightly and stroked his trim mustache to hide it. Ryoka gave him an arch look while Ivolethe flew around her head.
“We’ll see. Let’s take the carriage, then.”
 
—-
 
Invrisil, the city of adventurers. It was one of the features of Izril, a place that would appear on any map of the world. Ryoka and Erin had both heard the city’s name during their stay in this world. It was a place of adventurers, the heart of the northern half of the continent, where Humans would come to find the strongest of adventurers, undertake the most dangerous of requests. And of course, visit one of the most prosperous cities on the continent.
After all, where adventurers thrived, there had to be a city of equal size and resources to support them. Inns and food to feed countless mouths, [Mages], [Alchemists], and [Blacksmiths] to supply warriors with any number of aids in battle, and [Merchants] to buy and sell goods looted, [Guardsmen] to break up fights between rival parties, brothels, gambling pubs, enchanters and healers, trackers and cartographers, bards and laborers…
