3.35
Page 14
“She did nothing wrong. If she walked into you while escorting me, I apologize on both our behalf. But you have no reason to attack her like this.”
The other members of the group seemed to accept this, but the man who’d been knocked into seemed to find this apology too weak, or perhaps he just wanted to cause more trouble for the pair. He swaggered up to the young man, glaring.
“Is she your bodyguard? In that case, you should apologize to us directly! Don’t you know who we are?”
The young man turned his head towards the adventurer, and Ryoka blinked as she saw his eyes were closed.
“I don’t know, or particularly care. Please move aside—we are trying to go about our business and you should do the same.”
“What, are you too good to look me in the eye?”
Outraged, the adventurer seized the young man’s arm. Immediately the half-Troll reacted. She reached for the adventurer to push him back. He immediately leapt back and his friends grabbed for their weapons. Protectively, the Troll girl moved in front of the young man.
“Don’t do that! He’s blind!”
A blind guy? Ryoka had seen few people with disabilities in this world. She wondered if that was because of a lack of pollution or other genetic factors—or if such people died out because they couldn’t defend themselves or contribute.
Either way, the young man’s lack of sight didn’t stop him from being a target. The adventurer began mocking both him and the half-Troll girl, much to Ryoka’s distaste.
“A blind man and a half-Troll! Hah! I suppose that’s the only person who’d put up with something like that!”
The gigantic young woman glared at the adventurer.
“Go away. If you bother Laken, I’ll protect him. I’m his—”
She got no further, because the man interrupted her with a sneer.
“Protect him? You couldn’t protect a fly! I’ve seen real combat, not like some half-monster country bumpkin.”
The half-Troll said nothing, but there was an unfriendly look in her eye, and one of her hands clenched into a fist. A big fist. Ryoka eyed it and wondered what would happen if she hit the adventurer with it. His buddies looked a bit worried, but the man in front was drunk on bravado.
“Do you know how many Trolls I’ve killed with this sword? I could etch another notch right here, and no one would care.”
The man put a hand on his sword as he stepped forwards. The half-Troll girl flinched, but then to Ryoka’s surprise the young man moved. He took a step forwards and turned his head towards the adventurer. He was clearly angry, and when his mouth opened the word he spoke echoed across the square.
“Enough.”
Ryoka felt something press at her chest and had to force herself not to react. The adventurer stumbled back as if something physical had hit him. He put his hands on his sword with a snarl and the half-Troll girl raised a threatening fist. Before the conflict could escalate into bloodshed, Ryoka heard a shout and thumping of boots.
“What’s going on here!?”
The Watch had come, and remarkably quickly too. Ryoka wondered if it had to do with the half-Troll being there—and then corrected her thought. Of course it did. She watched as the two sides explained what had happened from their point of view.
Predictably, the adventurer claimed that the half-Troll had nearly knocked him down and he had simply reacted to the provocation. The blind young man and the half-Troll claimed the opposite. The young man—he was named Laken apparently—was explaining things to the Lieutenant, who didn’t seem too inclined to listen to his side of the case.
