3.35
Page 11
Ryoka sighed, but took the token reluctantly.
“Find me as soon as you can and we’ll go visit that enchanter.”
“Yes, Miss Ryoka.”
“And stop calling me Miss!”
Ryoka shouted as she leapt out of the carriage and Reynold drove off. She sighed as Ivolethe flew down and landed on her shoulder.
 
“Are ye going to take long in yon building?”
 
“Not too long if I can get past the receptionists without too much fuss. But they’ll have to tally all the deliveries I’ve got…look, just get inside my pouch and wait, alright?”
 
“Ach, the things that friendship requires.”
 
Grumbling, Ivolethe flew into Ryoka’s pouch. The Runner adjusted her belt, and then strode into the Runner’s Guild.
Whatever she had been expecting, Ryoka hadn’t quite expected the scope of this Guild. She stared around for a second, blinking, as her eyes took in the main Runner’s Guild of Invrisil.
“Wow. That’s a lot of Runners.”
There had to be over a hundred people in the building. That was three times as many as Ryoka had ever seen in Celum’s guild at any one time, and this was only the main building? She saw Runners coming and going, people of all species. A Gnoll with a package tied to a sling around her chest brushed past her, and Ryoka realized there was a steady stream going in and out the doors.
Quickly, the young woman stepped towards the receptionists. There were quite a few of them, and they were dealing with Runners quickly, changing seals for coin, handing out deliveries, and so on. Ryoka stepped into line and found herself advancing in the queue at startling speed.
There was no waiting long in a Runner’s Guild it seemed. Ryoka could already see the brisk [Receptionists] talking with Runners at the front. They seemed older than the normal group of young women, and there were men in the mix as well.
Ryoka fidgeted as she reached for her Runner’s Seal and bag of holding carrying all the deliveries from Remendia. She still hated talking to new people, especially when it came to Receptionists. They were so chatty—
“Next! Over here, Miss.”
Two receptionists finished with their Runner at the same time. Ryoka walked over to a woman in her mid-thirties. She was a String Person, although interestingly, she had pale skin, rather than Octavia or Revi’s dark tone. She held out one hand where all the fingers had stitches where they met the hand.
“Your seal, please.”
Ryoka placed her personal Runner’s seal on the counter. The [Receptionist] snatched it up and produced a magnifying glass to study it in an instant. She only gave it a brief look before sliding it back towards Ryoka.
“Ryoka Griffin? You’re a long way from Celum. Are you transferring, or doing a delivery? We didn’t receive word you were heading this way.”
Ryoka blinked. This receptionist was far more business-like than Ryoka was accustomed to. She hesitated a bit on her reply.
“I’m not transferring. I—was in Remendia and had the chance to come here. I’ve got a bunch of deliveries from the guild there.”
“Really? May I see them?”
Ryoka produced her bag of holding. The [Receptionist]’s gaze sharpened and she held out a hand.
“Wait. Are any of the packages marked confidential or otherwise uniquely addressed in any way?”
“Not that I was told.”
“Very well then. Proceed.”
Ryoka carefully took wrapped item after item out of the bag of holding, piling it up on the desk. In the end the receptionist had to call for a bin—she began transferring each package into it with quite deliberate movements.
“Well, that accounts for every package we had coming this way. I suppose we’ll get less on the weekly delivery.”
