3.35
Page 1
She chattered to her fellow faeries and flew off. She had a mission, or rather, a cause. It wasn’t necessarily fun, but she knew it was important. The reason and end was important, even if the doing of it was a pain.
So the faerie flew away from Esthelm to a far more boring place. She flew up and up, and then sideways, and then in a direction not describable by words. Ivolethe flew through part of the world, and then flew through the air in the world and out of an empty bit of space behind a few books in a bookshelf. She sneezed and grumbled, brushing off dust from her wings as she circled the room.
It was a very large room, and very grand too, although decorations had been forgone for a more austere, solemn appearance. This was a library, and the towering bookcases were imposing, despite the rich wood that made up their frames. The books were all first-edition, spotless, and magical too. Ivolethe flew by them, seeing the spells worked into the bindings to keep the pages from dirt or harm.
And in that room sat a girl. She was Asian, dark haired, slightly darker of skin than most Humans on this continent, and taller than most Human females, if not Drake or Gnolls. She was athletic, her body toned, and could be considered attractive. Ivolethe personally thought Ryoka looked far too Human, but she had some affection for her ugly friend.
But that affection ended when she saw Ryoka was still reading. The girl was sitting in a chair, knees drawn to her chest, flipping through a large and rather heavy tome whose pages looked like they had been gilded with gold. The girl did not notice Ivolethe flying towards her at all.
 
“Stop reading, ye daft cow!”
 
Ivolethe screamed in Ryoka’s left ear. The girl jumped and tried to get out of the chair and twist simultaneously. The chair rocked backwards and she hit the ground.
“Ivolethe! Damn it, don’t do that!”
Ryoka swore as she picked herself up. She reached for the book and made sure it wasn’t damaged before she glared at the faerie. But the little Frost Faerie was full of far more wroth than Ryoka; she buzzed around the young woman, shouting angrily.
 
“Put down that book, fool! Go outside and do something! ‘Tis been forever and a day since you decided to stay here; stop dawdling and act!”
 
Ryoka scowled. She put the book back on the table and turned to it.
“It’s been only a few days. Okay…maybe more, Ivolethe. That’s not forever. Leave me alone and let me read, will you?”
 
“Forever is a thought, not a number, fool. And I will not let ye waste away! There are things to be doing! Anything is better than staring at dusk and dead leaves and ink of the past!”
 
Ivolethe sneered at Ryoka as she hovered in front of the girl’s face, getting in the way of the text. Ryoka swatted at her; Ivolethe danced aside and flew back in the way, impossible to touch.
“Fine. Let me just finish this passage and I’ll go. Happy?”
The faerie scowled and crossed her arms. She blew a stream of icy air upwards, but then acquiesced less than gracefully.
 
“If ye must. But promise to put aside the book! Promise it!”
 
Ryoka rolled her eyes, but she did promise. It was an oath made to a faerie, and she would not break that lightly.
“I will be done in thirty minutes. Is that enough?”
Ivolethe shook her head.
 
“One!”
 
“Twenty.”
 
“One!”
 
“Ten minutes, okay?”
 
“Well…fine. But hurry up!”
 
