3.35
Page 7
Still, the meat was hot, juicy, and Reynold was content to eat as he stood against one wall in the mansion. He was happy in life. That was, until he spotted the blue patch of indistinct light coming towards his face at speed.
Reynold ducked as the Frost Faerie flew past his head. But it wasn’t him that the faerie was after. He felt a tugging at the skewer in his hand and to his dismay, saw two chunks of meat disappear upwards into the air. Reynold watched in silent misery as the faerie began to devour a good bit of his meal.
“Ivolethe! Damn it, I told you not to steal food from people! Or at least don’t make it obvious when you’re doing it!”
An angry voice rang out in the small courtyard. Reynold sighed. So much for enjoying his lunch in peace. He turned and put on a polite smile as his profession dictated.
“Good evening Miss Ryoka. I trust this day sees you well?”
“Hey Reynold.”
The tall young women jogged over, pausing to stop in front of Reynold. She glared at the orb of blue light Reynold thought of as a Frost Faerie, a force of nature rather than an actual being. But Ryoka could apparently see such creatures, and talk to them. Reynold had spotted this particular faerie indoors, and he had been flabbergasted to see the true identity of these beings.
That still didn’t make him any less wary of them, though. Reynold eyed the fuzzy patch of light as it swooped closer to his meal. He would have given it up rather than risk the faerie’s wrath, but Ryoka swiped at the Frost Faerie, making it dodge away.
“Stop that. Leave the poor man to his meal. I’ll buy you something to eat when we get to Invrisil, okay?”
“Ah, so you are planning on visiting the city today?”
Reynold straightened up as the faerie flew back towards Ryoka. She nodded towards him, distracted. She stared at the faerie and scowled.
“What? Why do I…? He can’t even see you properly, why the hell should—okay, fine, fine. Shut up.”
She turned back towards him with a resigned look on her face. Ryoka pointed towards the hovering faerie’s indistinct form.
“Ivolethe is here. She wants to be acknowledged.”
“Of course. My deepest apologies, Miss Ivolethe.”
Reynold bowed in the direction of the faerie, according her the respect and proper tilt of the back due to a member of an aristocratic house. He couldn’t hear her of course, but Reynold got the impression the faerie was pleased.
“Glad you enjoyed that. Okay Reynold, I’m ready to go. One or two questions before we go, though. You said you brought all of the artifacts to an [Enchanter]. Any word on whether it’s done?”
“The estate has not received any communications to that effect, Miss. However, I am sure you could visit the mage in person to ask.”
“I might do that. Okay, next question. Are your orders to show me around the city, or can I only count on you for the ride back?”
Reynold answered carefully, remembering all the things Ressa had told him to say—and not to say.
“I am at your disposal, Miss Ryoka. I will accompany you as long as is needed—within Invrisil. I am not permitted to escort you anywhere outside of the city and my help is limited to an, ah, advisory role.”
“Meaning you don’t step in if I’m in trouble?”
Reynold winced.
“That is broadly correct, Miss.”
“Well, that’s fine. Okay, last question.”
Ryoka stepped forwards and was suddenly uncomfortably close to Reynold. She narrowed her eyes.
“Where are the others? The other people from my world.”
The unfortunate [Butler] swallowed.
“I don’t—”
“Don’t lie to me. I know they were here. Erin told me. Where did they go?”
