3.36
Page 11
“See how the blade has been melted from the heat? The enchantments are broken. Unable to be reconstructed. There is no merit to using the blade; the magic is defunct.”
“Can anything be salvaged? Could you study the enchantment—tell us what it does?”
Another flat look. Hedault tapped the blade twice with his finger and replied testily.
“If there were any use for it I would have stated. I asked you to remain silent.”
“Yeah, but I like asking questions.”
This time Ryoka saw the man’s eye twitch. Hedault placed the sword blade back on the table without another word.
“Next, this dagger. It is unharmed from the fire damage. Curiously, it was not affected despite the enchantment not being warded against magical damages. I can only surmise luck played a role in this—”
“Do you want to know where these weapons came from?”
Ryoka couldn’t resist breaking in, just to annoy Hedault, really. He looked at her and she saw Reynold covering his face out of the corner of her eye.
“I do not have to ask. I know. These came from Albez.”
“You could tell?”
“The enchantment style matches the other artifacts recovered from that location. Moreover, rumor points to the Horns of Hammerad having found magical items in that ruin recently. It matters not; the enchantment speaks for itself. Do not ask another question or I will silence you with a spell.”
Ryoka shut her mouth and raised her hands. Hedault sighed and tapped the blade of the dagger twice.
“Note the tip. The blade is common steel, but it is warded against physical harm and heat. When a word is spoken, the tip will ignite. However, the heat will be contained. Thus, when using it like so—Terith.”
He spoke a word and Ryoka saw the tip of the blade began to glow red. But not a bright hot-red; rather, the color seemed almost illusory, a red overlay over the plain steel blade. Hedault turned with the blade extended away from him.
“Observe.”
There was a piece of firewood on the table. Hedault picked it up and touched the tip of the dagger to it.
The entire block of wood burst into flame. Ryoka recoiled and stared at Hedault’s hand, but the man had hurled the firewood away. It hung in the air, burning fiercely as he lowered the dagger.
“Termas.”
The color on the blade returned to normal. Hedault placed the dagger back on the table as the firewood burned in the air behind him. He waved his hand and the blaze ceased, leaving the wood charred but intact.
“As you can see, the flame enchantment is not for heat per se, but to spread fire. An important distinction. The contact radius of the flame is around…the volume of a tree, I should say. Or an Ogre. With it, it would be possible to immolate several targets at once, but the flames will be non-magical. Alternatively, it is possible to set fire to something like the surface of a lake, although the magical aspect of the flame will last for seconds—it will quickly extinguish if the material is not readily combustible.”
“Jeeze.”
Ryoka breathed the words, her heart still pounding.
“That was magic.”
Hedault stared at Ryoka. She bit her lip, remembering his injunction. But he smiled, turning up his pale lips for the first time since she’d seen him.
“It was. A competent spell. Too often the blades I see with heat enchantments are simply hot. But this? A useful tool for a mage to distract the enemy, especially if used with telekinetic spells to strike at range, as the old [Battlemages] often did. Now—”
He turned to the sword. Hedault sighed as he picked it up.
“An intact blade of weight. The enchantment is finer than most, but it is unremarkable.”
