3.36
Page 6
“Listen up. You’re not entirely safe with that iPhone. You might be tracked with it—there are people in this world who know we come from another one. If you get a call on your phone, don’t answer it. There are more of us in this world, but—”
“Hold on, hold on! More of us?”
I can’t process everything that she’s saying. Ryoka shakes her head—I know because her hair hits my face slightly as her head moves.
“I can’t give you the full details, not yet. Look, we need to talk. Why don’t we meet up later? I have something to do now, but I can meet you here in—an hour. Can you wait until then?”
My head is spinning, but I nod.
“I can. I’ll be here.”
“Good.”
She’s gone before I can give voice to the questions in my mind. At least, I think she’s gone. I tap around cautiously with my cane—she could be just out of range and I’d never know.
What was that? I sit back down on the bench; my knees are shaking. Before I can collect my thoughts, I hear a voice speaking to me again.
“Sir? Are you the friend of Miss Durene?”
For a second I think Ryoka has come back. But it’s not her—the speaker is different. There’s a bit of a growl to her tone that makes me think of a dog. And worry. Dogs scare me. I’ve been bitten three times while walking—I can’t tell where they are until I run into one, and if the owner’s not got a leash or isn’t attentive, some of them take objection to my presence.
But this is no dog. It must be a Gnoll! I stand up, turning my head in the direction of the speaker.
“Can I help you…Miss?”
“Yes, sir. My name is Raisha, and I am a [Guardswoman] on duty. I am told you are blind. Well, I would like you to know that I have recovered your lost belongings.”
“I got it, Laken!”
Durene calls out and I realize she’s standing with Raisha. I smile.
“You caught the thief?”
“Yes, your friend broke his arm and several ribs.”
An amused tone enters Raisha’s growling voice. She touches something which makes a metallic noise.
“He has been arrested and will be charged. However, I would like to confirm that this bag—”
She hefts something metallic with a strained grunt.
“—is yours. Is this so?”
I’m confused and say so.
“It is—but Durene, you were carrying it.”
“Yes, but…well, it is yours, Laken!”
That’s true, but I have to shake my head over Durene’s semantics. Raisha, the Gnoll [Guardswoman] doesn’t seem to care who owns what.
“I don’t need to know who was carrying what. The issue is simple, sir. I just need to prove that you are the owner.”
“How?”
Now I’m worried. It’s not as if I could prove anything. Raisha opens something with a snap and rummages around in some sort of purse.
“I have here a gem enchanted with a spell of [Detect Truth], sir. It will tell if you are indeed the owner of the stolen goods. Will you comply with this test?”
“Truth spell? Well—certainly. What do I need to do?”
“Place your hand out, palm up. Good—”
I feel something small and hard drop into my palm. It’s cold and I jump a bit. Raisha’s voice is calm.
“I will ask you one question. Please answer yes or no. Is this stolen pouch of coin yours?”
“Yes.”
I can’t help but feel worried. It’s technically mine by the uncertain rules of finders keepers, and it was on Durene’s property, which is to say, mine. And it was a byproduct of a Skill, but I can’t help but tense a bit. I wait for any reaction, but the cue must have been visual.
“You’re speaking the truth. Thank you sir, I just had to check. Your friend has your belongings now. Thank you for cooperating. I regret that you were the victim of this crime, and hope you will have a pleasant day.”
“Oh—thank you.”
