3.36
Page 15
“You’re kidding me. People knew how to work platinum back then?”
“Oh yes. Platinum is a very powerful metal when used for enchanting or spells…in this case, it acts as a conductor for the spell with the gem. When the ring is put on the finger and the hand is flicked like—”
Hedault paused as he put the ring on his finger. Ryoka saw Reynold duck out of the way, and she herself felt uneasy the instant she saw it go on his finger. The enchanter stared around the room and shook his head.
“…If I used it, my walls would suffer damage. I shall avoid demonstrating it now. Know that this ring can be activated and deactivated. But when activated, a flick—”
He demonstrated after taking the ring off. It was a quick snap of the wrist.
“—will send a piercing spell flying at the target. I believe it would be…difficult to aim without practice, but let me assure you that this spell far surpasses any Tier 2 or Tier 3 spell of a similar nature. It would be…around Tier 4 in potency.”
“Blood on my grave, that’s nasty.”
Reynold muttered out loud and clapped a hand to his face as both girl and mage turned to him. He colored, but Hedault nodded.
“A powerful spell, designed to cut past any quick defense. A perfect tool for an assassin—or a mage disinclined to fight fairly in a magic duel. Very powerful.”
“So I see. And this ring?”
Ryoka pointed to one made out of wood. Hedault shrugged, losing interest.
“Very powerful. Very common. [Barkskin].”
“Do you mean literally bark for skin, or…”
“There may be some physical alterations given time, but only temporarily. The skin will indeed grow tough—not as strong as armor, but certainly far more durable which would be invaluable against daggers and to an extent, swords…but [Barkskin] also provides the wearer with a degree of cold resistance due to the thicker exterior, and of course, some users simply prefer it when travelling outdoors as the sun will provide them with energy…”
“Wait a second, you mean you’ll literally have bark for skin, as in, you can take in light like a plant?”
Hedault gave Ryoka a confused look.
“That is the implication with the spell, is it not? In any case, it is a valuable item, especially given that it is a permanent spell. Again, I impress on you the difference between temporary and permanent. [Stoneskin] is a powerful enchantment, but I have heard of only a handful of cases where it was ever successfully imbued into an artifact.”
“Good stuff. Got it.”
“Yes, well, this ring is far more interesting.”
Hedault shook his head as he pushed the other two rings back and picked up the third. Ryoka’s eye was caught instantly by the way this one was clearly magical. It looked like it was made up of air. That was to say, it was practically invisible, but for shifting…waves in the air. It looked a lot like the shimmering that came off of pavement in the heat, only twisted into a band.
“A ring that allows the user to jump up to six times their height without consequence. Weight will affect the spell naturally, but this…”
The enchanter breathed the words out loud, eyes shining. Ryoka and Reynold blinked.
“Oh come on. That’s your powerful enchantment?”
Ryoka glared at Hedault. The mage looked insulted.
“This enchantment is splendidly made. And though it is not a physical enhancement, the use of gravity magic is—”
“It’s a ring of jumping. Tell me how that’s as useful as a ring that turns your skin into bark or shoots missiles?”
“Well, you could crush a man in armor with your foot if you put it on.”
Ryoka paused with her mouth open.
“Explain.”
