3.36
Page 5
The pronunciation is terrible, and the words are stilted, spoken without fluency. But I stiffen nonetheless, because I know German when I hear it.
And I know that no one on this continent speaks German, as far as Durene or Gamel know.
So why is someone speaking it to me right now?
In the time it takes for me to clear my throat and respond, my thought process is simple. Who’s talking to me? It has to be the girl Durene spotted. Why?
Well, either she thinks I’m from her country or, more probably—
“Aus San Francisco. Und Sie?”
A sharp, indrawn breath is my only answer. But it’s the only one I need.
“Dieu merci. I am not alone.”
Can you feel shock, amazement, relief, and confusion all at once? I’m sure there is one, even if it’s not an English word. There are words in other languages for feelings that are never fully translatable into English.
The Norwegian word forelsket for instance—I feel that towards Durene every time I touch her. I suppose in lieu of a word now, I think I’ll go with ‘relief’ as incomplete as it may be.
“I am not alone.”
I feel tears spring into my eyes, gathering behind my eyelids. As strange as it may sound, I really did think I was alone up until this moment. Alone, in a new world.
But there’s someone else. I stand up, and hear someone take a step back. There’s noise all around us—has Durene caught the thief? I can’t focus on that. Suddenly, I’m in a small bubble with this girl.
“You’re—from home, aren’t you? Earth?”
“Yes.”
“My god. Excuse me, but who are you? I’m blind—are you the young woman who was following us around earlier?”
A pause. I listen, heart beating, before the young woman replies in a low voice.
“I am. I’m—a friend. My name is Ryoka Griffin. Tell me, when did you get here? Do you know why you came to this world? Who have you talked to—who’s that girl who was with you?”
The questions are like a storm, tersely delivered. I hear in them echoes of all the things I want to know.
“My name is Laken. Laken Godart. I came here a little over a month ago. I don’t know how or why—the girl’s name is Durene. She’s my guide, my friend. She found me when I first came to this world.”
“I see.”
“Where is she, do you know? She ran off—”
“After the thief. I think she got him.”
“She did?”
I’m astonished, but there’s a flicker of amusement in Ryoka’s tone.
“Yeah. She picked him up and threw him on the ground. I think she broke some of his bones.”
“Durene?”
I can’t imagine it. Well, I can, but I can’t imagine her doing that. But this strange young woman seems focused. I hear her moving closer and resist the urge to reach out to try and touch her.
“Look, I don’t have a lot of time before your friend gets back.”
“Why would that—”
“Do you have a cellphone? Flashlight? Anything—anything from our world?”
The question catches me by surprise, but then I fumble at my pocket, and then remember and grab for my rucksack.
“I do. I have an iPhone—it’s practically out of battery, and there’s no signal obviously, but—”
“You can recharge it.”
“Really?”
“If a mage casts a [Repair] spell it’ll go back to full charge. Okay, listen. Did you get a call—no, you wouldn’t have if you were only here for two months…huh…”
I can tell she’s thinking hard about something. Myself, I’m just astonished. Mage? [Repair] spell? You mean I can charge up my phone in this world with magic? What possibilities might that unlock?
Then I hear Ryoka’s voice in my ears and jerk away. She’s so close! And she’s whispering, very urgently.
