3.36
Page 4
“Oh! I’m so sorry!”
“My fault, Miss. Please excuse me.”
An unfamiliar voice. Male. Pleasant. I frown and hear him walk away.
“What was that, Durene?”
“Nothing, Laken. I just bumped into that man.”
“Huh.”
Durene sounds at ease, but my frown remains. Something feels wrong. Bumped into her. Why does that…
Who would bump into someone as big as Durene? From what she’s said, she gets a lot of room even on a busy sidewalk. Who goes around bumping into people ordinarily, anyways? And the way he said it—
“Durene! Check your money pouch!”
I snap as thoughts come together in an instant. I’ve encountered thieves and pickpockets before. I know the scam. I hear Durene gasp and then her anguished shout.
“It’s gone! He took it!”
“Go after him!”
“But—”
“Go, Durene!”
I shout, letting go of her hands. That’s not just her money that was taken—Durene had the entire pouch of coin and gems I found by her cottage! If that thief runs off with it—
To her credit, I hear Durene hesitate only for a second. Then I feel her turn and run away from me. Then her voice.
“Stop! Thief!”
It’s a shout that drowns out all sound for a second. Durene has an impressive pair of lungs, and I can practically hear the thief’s heart stop as she runs towards him.
I stand in the plaza, not moving, fishing in the small rucksack I’m carrying for something. I pull out my foldable cane and extend it fully.
I haven’t had to use it in a while. I decided not to use it when Durene was walking me around—I trust her completely and it might have gotten in the way of all the pedestrians about. But it’s a useful tool now.
A quick check—I tap carefully in a circle around me and find the bench we were about to sit at. I move over to it and sit down.
It’s not as if I’m not panicking right now. A thief, taking all the money Durene and I have—the money meant for Riverfarm? That’s a disaster. But what can I do in this situation? Panic?
Durene’s chasing after the thief. Either she gets him or she doesn’t. I can only make things worse by shouting and running about. So I sit and try to think.
If she fails to get him—we have to talk to the Watch. But can we get our money back? It’s not like I had a credit card—that gold and those gems are probably as good as gone the instant they’re lost. And would the local law enforcement help us? The way they treated Durene—
I wrench my mind off of that train of thought. Consider the worst when it’s over. The real question is—why target Durene? Who steals from a half-Troll? I haven’t ever really laid eyes on Durene, it’s true, but a girl who towers over the biggest Human and who can probably bench press a horse is not someone I’d expect pickpockets to normally go after.
Unless that’s normal in this world. No—it can’t be. Did that cutpurse realize how much money she was carrying? Or—
“Damn. A Skill. It must be that.”
Why didn’t I think of it? It’s a reasonable explanation. If you assume there’s a class for everything, and that’s what Durene seems to believe, then there’s definitely a [Thief] class. And what better Skill than one that allows someone to pick out an easy mark? Or a rich one?
I clench one fist as I hear Durene’s shouting and the commotion growing more distant. Pray. Hope. And think about what to do if she doesn’t catch him—
“Excuse me. Is your name Laken?”
I start. A voice—a female voice comes from above and to my left. I turn my head.
“Hello. Pardon me, but have we met?”
“Not before. But tell me—woher kommst du?”
