3.36
Page 17
“It is something I have never seen before. Something…powerful. This wand is powered by the core—it is a classical wand. I suppose you do not know the difference between a classical wand and variation designed for spellcasting…? No, I see not.”
“Let me guess. One’s better?”
“Substantially.”
Hedault nodded. He indicated the wand he held.
“This wand has no spell attached to it. It is…well, I suppose you could call it an aid to spellcasting, but an aid hardly encompasses…it will boost any mage’s ability to cast spells immensely. Not like the modern wand. Those have cores of course, but these are almost invariably small mana stones. They are consumed with every cast of the spell embedded in the wand—you understand?”
“One’s temporary and helps cast a certain kind of spell, the other one’s good at everything and doesn’t run dry?”
“Exactly.”
Hedault nodded as he reluctantly let Ryoka inspect the wand. It was heavy she found—and the iron wood did indeed feel like wood. Cold, metallic wood.
“Such a wand is…valuable does not begin to describe it. Consider, please, the limits of modern construction. A—a wand made today would have to be of some high-quality wood. Perhaps meltwood, or cerabark? And the core might be unicorn hair or unicorn horn if you were so unimaginably lucky—it would be inferior to this wand by a substantial degree.”
Ryoka whistled as she held the wand.
“Ceria and Pisces are going to tear each other apart over this thing.”
“Any mage would. In fact, I advise you to take care in transporting it—it is not magically significant so a casual [Detect Magic] spell would not identify it immediately if concealed correctly, but any mage worth their salt would do almost anything to obtain such an object.”
Ryoka eyed Hedault.
“Why didn’t you lie about what it was, then? Seems odd you’d just tell me what it is after making one offer.”
The enchanter glared at her, outraged by the suggestion.
“I make my living based on my trustworthiness. I would not lie—even when sorely tempted to.”
“Sorry, sorry. It’s just—wow, this is the big one, isn’t it?”
“Yes. It is.”
Hedault grew silent as Ryoka turned the wand over in her hands. He sighed.
“Congratulations, Ryoka Griffin. I am told there are two mages in the Horns of Hammerad. One of them will benefit greatly—assuming the other does not attempt to kill them to possess this wand, that is.”
“We’ll see.”
Ryoka put the wand down and turned to Hedault. She felt lightheaded—possibly because she’d listened to him chatter on about magical artifacts for the better part of an hour. Or was it more? She couldn’t tell how long she’d been standing here.
“Was that it? You said something about repair costs…”
“Ah, yes.”
Hedault flicked his fingers and levitated the buckler up.
“This is the only object in need of repairs to function. The hilt of the sword enchanted with weight could use touching up, but that is a minor cost. Now, I estimate that this buckler can be fixed with a modicum of effort and time—say, five days? I could do it myself for a small reduction in fees.”
Ryoka nodded.
“And the price?”
Hedault tapped the buckler twice as he thought.
“I would think that the least I would ask is…one thousand and six hundred gold coins for the buckler, and four hundred…and fifty for the hilt. Now, understand that an error might occur in the repair process in which case the fee will be refunded, but the enchantment will in all likelihood be completely lost.”
He looked up and saw Ryoka had gone dead white.
“If you like, I can offer you a very good price if you would consider trading the wand—”
 
—-
 
