3.36
Page 7
Raisha leaves. Durene steps over, and bends down to talk to me.
“Laken, it was amazing! I ran after that thief—I thought I’d lose him, but I just kept on shouting and someone tripped him up for me! Then I grabbed him and threw him down—I didn’t mean to break anything, but I was just so worried he’d run away! And then Raisha ran over and said that she’d never seen a dumber [Thief]—trying to steal from me I mean, and—”
It’s too much for me. I sit back down hard. Unfortunately, I miss the bench and land hard on the paving stones in the plaza. That hurts.
“Laken! Are you alright?”
“I’m fine, Durene. It’s just…something happened when you were gone.”
“What?”
I have to laugh as Durene helps me sit down on the bench. How can I tell her? It’s actually easy to say, really. I met someone from my world. Six words. The rest is just speculation.
“I can’t believe it.”
I say it again as we sit together. Durene is silent, thinking. I told her what happened. I wouldn’t keep a secret like this from Durene. I don’t think I’d keep anything from her.
“Do you know why she found you? I mean, how?”
“I have no idea. I just know that she must have been watching us—she was talking to me in German, so she must have heard my comment to that guardsman earlier. It might have been coincidence or—she knows about me some other way.”
“How?”
“I don’t know. Magic? Or maybe—she mentioned my iPhone might be used to track me somehow. I wonder, can they use the GPS…? I’d imagine it has to be on, but…”
I trail off. After a moment Durene speaks.
“What are you going to do, Laken?”
“Do? Wait for her. But do it intelligently. Before she gets back, I want to just sit—sit and think, Durene.”
“Okay.”
She’s a good listener. I have to smile, and when I reach out, she takes my hand. For a few seconds we sit together, sitting together, not just on the same bench. I feel myself calm down and when I have my thoughts in order, tell her what they are.
“We learned a lot, and not just that there are other people like me, Durene.”
“What do you mean?”
“I think we had better find a bank—or some kind of moneylender. That thief didn’t go after you by chance. Also, I had no idea there were truth spells in this world until very recently.”
“You didn’t? I mean—of course you—but you have things like that in your world, right?”
“Nothing like that. Oh, we have something called a lie detector test—it can’t be trusted. There’s no certainty, no knowing if someone’s telling the truth like this.”
“Wow.”
“Yeah. Truth spells, huh? If we had that where I come from, politics might be a lot different.”
I shake my head, thinking about what that might mean. Fact: that guardswoman had a truth stone. Even if that’s only because this is a prosperous city, it means that a truth spell isn’t out of the reach of an affluent member of society. So…
“Things just got a lot more complicated, Durene. I think we’d better wait for Gamel and Ryoka Griffin right here, but in the meantime, here’s what I think we should do.”
“Yes?”
Durene’s voice is quivering with…anticipation. She doesn’t seem scared, only focused and ready to act. It seems like when the chips are down, she’s not afraid to be bold.
I admire that—I’m completely scared spitless by recent developments. But—I smile.
“I smell good food. If I hold down the bench here, you can get us lunch. And something for Gamel too.”
“Really? Food?”
Durene is incredulous. I shake my head.
“There’s no use thinking on an empty stomach. And believe me, we’ve got a lot of thinking to do.”
 
—-
 
“Damn, damn, damn, damn, damn—”
