3.36
Page 1
Durene moves as if to point and stops herself. I nod to myself as we walk on. I’m trying to imagine what these creatures—these people might be like. But I don’t think in terms of sight, naturally. I have a rough image in my head, but I would love to talk to one of these Drakes, shake their…hand?
“Do they have hands?”
“Something like that. It uh, it’s more like claws. They look sharp.”
Claw hands. I try to fit that in and reconsider shaking hands. But if I could touch one—
And how would I do that? I’m assuming these other species have the same taboos and social norms—at least broadly—that Humans do. Durene didn’t think it was too strange for a city to have Drakes in it, for all she’s never seen one.
Maybe if I got to know one. Naturally I can’t just stop someone on the street—well, I could, but I have more pressing matters.
I am in this city for a reason. I speak to Durene, feeling her guiding me left to avoid something or someone.
“Would you say we’re close to that plaza you saw now?”
“I think so!”
She sounds excited and worried by turns. Excited, and overwhelmed by her first glimpse of a city, as I suppose anyone would be. I have to remember Durene’s never even left her village. This must be overwhelming for her. I have to keep the cool head.
And yet, I can’t help but feel like Durene’s the one who’ll be most useful in a pinch. She proved that when she stood up to those adventurers. All I could do was raise my voice and be useless.
Those adventurers…I sigh as I walk with Durene towards the plaza.
Bastards. Ditto for that lieutenant. But the insight into this city was helpful. There’s corruption here, or at least, casual racism against one type of species. Ironic, that. I guess in a city with countless races joining hands—or claws—there has to be some group that gets pushed out.
I have to understand the world around me to interact with it. That’s why Durene and I have been walking through the city this last hour, taking it in, finding the measure of it. Better that than rush off and make mistakes. And it was a very pleasant walk too—Durene described so many odd sights for me. And yet, I guess you step in dog shit at least once on the best of strolls.
“Ah, I can hear the adventurers shouting now.”
Yes, in my ears I can now pick out a different set of shouts, this one growing louder as Durene and I walk forwards. Adventurers.
“…the Storm Raiders will sell our axes to anyone in need of a strong arm! Make us an offer!”
“—the best, the mightiest! Our shields will block spell and fang alike! The Ironshield Vanguard!”
“We’re a group of [Soldiers] who fought in the Yelten-Grimmor conflict! We’ve over fifty kills between us! You want protection, turn to us!”
Ah, adventurers. Durene leads me forwards, and I can just tell she’s stopping to stare around.
“Do you see Gamel around?”
“No.”
Durene sounds worried, although she shouldn’t be. I can feel her shift—is she standing on her tiptoes? I imagine she would be able to see practically everyone in the plaza. Even these ‘Gnolls’ don’t sound as tall as she is.
“I don’t see him, Laken. Should I call out, do you think? Or—”
I squeeze her hand gently, reassuring her.
“Don’t worry, Durene. It was just a thought. I imagine he’s off in some other square. We did say we’d meet at midday. Correct me if I’m wrong, but we’ve a little bit of time before then.”
“Yeah. You did say—okay.”
“Let’s take a seat—if one’s available. I could use a few seconds to rest, and I’d like to listen to what all these people are shouting. You can describe them for me.”
“Okay.”
