3.36
Page 8
Ryoka stalked down the street, cursing under her breath. She was upset. Not upset at what had just transpired, but she was—tense.
 
“Why are ye cursing? You spoke with the blind man while his protector was away, did ye not?”
 
Ivolethe piped up from her position in Ryoka’s belt pouch. The young woman paused and took a breath.
“I did. It’s just—hell, Ivolethe. Was that the right thing to do?”
The faerie’s answer was an eloquent shrug. She’d found a bug from somewhere and was holding the squirming insect as she pulled a leg off of it. Ryoka had to pause, with people passing by her from every side and giving her dirty looks, to admire that.
“You’re a monster.”
 
“Hah! You eat cows and sheep and birds! What’s a small insect to all that?”
 
“I don’t eat them live.”
Ryoka paled a bit as Ivolethe tore the twitching leg off and bit at the insect’s abdomen. She closed the belt pouch for a few seconds and collected her thoughts.
“He’s from another world. Fuck. Okay. He’s from another world. What do I do now?”
The Frost Faerie poked her head out and shrugged. She was licking something off her face—Ryoka looked away.
 
“Who says you have aught to do? ‘Tis not your business whether he lives or dies. Why not do what ye need to? You have duties. Your enchanted items, learning to run like the wind—”
 
“I know. I know, but—I can’t just ignore him. He could know something important. He could…I can’t just ignore someone else. It’s one thing to know about the kids Magnolia has, but she has no idea about Laken. I want to keep it that way, warn him.”
 
“A smart idea. Perhaps.”
 
Ryoka glanced down sharply at Ivolethe, but the Frost Faerie’s comment could have been just an offhand insult. After a moment, Ryoka nodded and resumed striding down the street.
“Let’s just find Reynold. I thought he’d catch up by now, but he might have had trouble parking that carriage. That was lucky.”
 
“Hm. Perhaps.”
 
Ryoka wondered if Ivolethe liked giving her ulcers, or if the faerie didn’t know what effect her words had on Ryoka’s paranoia. No. She had to know. Ryoka shook her head as she made her way out of the plaza—she saw as she went out, some farmer’s kid pleading with a group of adventurers.
“Sirs, please! My village is—it needs protection! We don’t have much money to spare, but—”
He got no further because the adventuring team—a rough-looking group of warriors led by a huge man armored like a Viking—turned away from him in disgust. The young man despondently hurried over to the next group as Ryoka shook her head.
Poor people, without money or friends. It was the same in every world; those who had neither got stepped on. She walked swiftly away, hearing him begin pleading with another group and hoping that he found someone who would listen.
After five minutes Ryoka did find Reynold, or rather, he found her. She was nearly back at the Runner’s Guild when she saw him walking towards her down the street. He…stood out.
A [Butler] walking down the streets of New York City would stand out, and Invrisil was close in nature to fit that analogy. Heads were turning as the trim and elegant Reynold proceeded down the street. He stopped and nodded politely to Ryoka; a grunt was his response
“Took you long enough.”
“My apologies, Miss Ryoka. I was unavoidably detained. May I escort you to your desired meeting with the [Enchanter] in charge of your artifacts now?”
“Lead on.”
