3.36
Page 2
We make it a few more steps into the plaza, and then I feel Durene slow. She bends towards me and whispers something in my ear.
“Laken, I think that girl is still following us!”
I pause for only a microsecond, but then move forwards. Durene is stopped.
“I see. Keep walking, Durene. Don’t look back at her—or if you do, just glance past her, as if you haven’t seen her.”
“Okay, Laken. But what does she want?”
“You’re sure she’s following us and not going somewhere else?”
“I’m sure! We practically walked in a circle, and I keep seeing her!”
“Describe her for me again.”
Durene pauses. I can hear the nervousness in her voice when she speaks again.
“Um. Tall. Taller than you, Laken. A few inches taller? She’s…got black hair, darkish skin—I’ve never seen someone who looks like that. Is she a foreigner? Uh—she’s uh—beautiful.”
“Beautiful?”
It’s an alien word to me. Beautiful is a word I associate with a voice, not with faces or appearance. But Durene’s voice is filled with a longing that tells me all I need to know.
“She’s beautiful. Sort of scary-looking, but beautiful. And—she looks like a Runner.”
“Hm.”
Durene spotted the girl following us a few blocks back. She pointed her out to me—well, described her to me—as one of the oddities of the city. A foreigner, someone not native to this continent.
It’s a…hard thing for me to think of. I know there are ethnicities in my world, of course. Nationality, race, gender…that’s easy to understand. But skin color? I don’t know what the color blue is supposed to look like.
Apparently, the folk of Riverfarm and this continent look predominantly like the people of my home continent, Europe. That is to say, mostly fair-skinned. This girl isn’t. She could be black or Asian or Latino—Durene’s descriptions don’t help me think of her in that way. She’s just clearly a foreigner, and one who stands out in this multi-species environment. No—more so because she stands out among her own kind, Humans.
And she’s following us. What does that mean? I frown as Durene worries next to me.
“Let’s get to a seat, and you can tell me if she stays in the area. If she doesn’t—well, we’ll know then.”
“Got it.”
Durene’s palm is slightly sweaty in my hand. Or is it mine? Because I hate to imagine it, but this could be an issue.
Why would someone follow us? A thousand reasons come to mind. They might be a prejudiced asshole like the adventurers. Or they might be interested in Durene. Or maybe it’s something to do with me?
I’m in a gaming world. Is this just a random event? Is this a scripted NPC? I’m sure this isn’t that kind of game, but why else would someone follow us? Is she aware of Riverfarm’s plight? Is she simply curious about an interspecies couple?
I don’t know. But I think. That’s what I can do in this world. Think. Think, and try to understand. Who is this young woman? What does she want?
And what should I do about it?
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin gritted her teeth as she saw the half-Troll’s head turn. She slowed, but the tall girl’s head found her.
“She can’t have spotted me. She can’t.”
Ryoka muttered under her breath as the girl named Durene seemed to glance at her, and then hurriedly look past. It was the third time she’d done so in as many minutes. It made Ryoka worried.
And annoyed, because Ryoka really didn’t want to think she’d been spotted by a Troll. Half-Troll. Whatever. That would be embarrassing, and yet—
“She saw me. Damn, damn, damn…”
