3.37
Page 10
“Indeed, Mister Merec. A large order. I would like to purchase food, supplies, livestock, tools, and so on for a village of around a hundred people. Of course, not just for one meal or two—I’d like to make a purchase that will last them the rest of the winter. To that end, I’d like to hire at least…twelve wagons, I suppose, and the appropriate guards to protect such a delivery. I was thinking at least two teams of adventurers might do.”
I don’t quite hear Merec inhale his tongue, but he comes close.
“S-supplies? For a village? May I ask what this is about, sir?”
“Riverfarm, my good man, Riverfarm.”
“Where…? I’m sorry, Mister Laken, but I’ve never heard of such a village.”
“Really? You haven’t? But their cabbage exports are a local keystone of the markets!”
I try to sound upset, but the truth is I’m laughing inside. I steeple my fingers and lean forwards over the table.
“I happen to be a great friend of the villagers there, Mister Merec. You may not have heard, but an avalanche hit the village and surrounding region not three days past. It was a tragedy, and many lives were lost.”
“I—I had heard something of the kind, sir. So these goods are for the village?”
“Yes indeed. I’m in rather a hurry, so if you could have the wagons loaded and sent out in, oh, an hour’s time that would be best.”
“I—well, hold on now.”
Merec tries to take back command of the situation. I hear saliva moving as he pauses, and then his tone becomes genial, professionally good-humored.
“We would love to fulfill your request, Mister Laken. But before we talk details, may I ask how you intend to pay for all of this? I hesitate to ask, but with such a huge transaction in mind—”
“Of course! Let’s not beat around the bushes, Merec!”
I raise my voice and feel the man wince. People around me go silent as I sit taller in my chair.
“Riverfarm needs aid, Mister Merec. Posthaste! Today, if it can be managed! I came to the Merchant’s Guild because I was told you could help me better than the Runner’s Guild.”
“Well, that’s certainly true, sir. We have the goods—those Runners would have to come to us for supplies. But about payment—”
I wave an impatient hand at him.
“Money is no object. Durene, would you please put the bag on the table so Mister Merec can see it?”
I hear Durene fiddle with her belt, and then a heavy thump. Merec’s chair screeches back, and then I hear him and voices around him gasp and exclaim.
“Dead gods!”
“Is that—”
“Are these gems, sir? And this—”
“I’m afraid I didn’t have time to convert it all into gold—but I believe exchanging gemstones is one of the functions of your guild, isn’t it? Well, I’ll leave sorting out the exact worth till later, but I assume this will be adequate?”
“Ah—ah—”
I think I broke the poor man. I tap a foot on the ground until Merec manages to speak again.
“Of course. Of course—you there! Bring over some chairs for Mister Laken’s escorts, now! And have drinks sent for—may I offer you some refreshments, Mister Laken?”’
“I wouldn’t say no, but I am in a hurry, Mister Merec.”
“Yes, sir. I completely—thank you. There’s just one matter I must attend to. I’m terribly sorry, but in cases like this—would you mind taking an oath on a truth spell? It’s just that in cases like this where we cannot be sure where this money has come from—”
“Are you accusing me of having stolen that money?”
I interject a note of frank incredulity into my tone. Durene makes an ominous noise.
“Laken didn’t steal that. All of this is his!”
Merec makes a very small sound, and I imagine him shrinking back as Durene towers over him.
