3.37
Page 0

“Tomorrow, then. Or sooner if I can get a hold of the Horns of Hammerad by mage spell.”
“Very well. Please confine your visiting hours between dawn and sunset.”
That seemed like a fairly easy request, so Ryoka nodded to Hedault as she and Reynold left his house. She supposed that without clocks, appointments were a little harder to keep.
The [Enchanter] stood in his living room and gestured to make the front door swing open. Ryoka saw Reynold stop to bow and thank him. She was almost out the door, having said her goodbyes. From the look on Hedault’s face as he stared at the [Butler], he preferred succinct conversations.
Ryoka paused as she stepped towards the door and turned back to Hedault.
“One last question. Are any of your other artifacts for sale?”
She nodded to a mace neatly hung on a wall plaque. Hedault nodded.
“These are…competent examples of my craft, or artifacts I have purchased for study. I have a small selection of items that I may be willing to sell.”
“Got it. See you later.”
The young woman walked out of the door, Reynold following with another polite farewell. Once she was outside, Ryoka took one look at the sun and cursed.
“How long was I in there?”
“Around an hour an a half by my count, Miss Ryoka.”
Reynold stepped smoothly over to her side as the door silently closed behind them. Ryoka sighed.
“Well shit. Okay, I guess I need to run. Thanks for bringing me here, Reynold.”
“My pleasure, Miss Ryoka.”
“I don’t have anything in particular to do.”
“I see.”
“…You can go now.”
Ryoka stared at Reynold. The [Butler] did not move. He stood politely at attention by her side, back perfectly straight. He seemed to be attracting approving glances from a lot of the passersby, and not just because he looked good in a suit. These upstanding citizens probably employed or wanted to employ a man like Reynold, or rather, a [Butler] like Reynold. Then again, Ryoka hadn’t ever seen a Gnoll [Butler] or a Drake [Manservant]. Perhaps they didn’t take to it as well?
She coughed as she began walking down the street. Reynold followed her.
“I don’t need your help, Reynold. How can I put this politely…? Piss off.”
“I’m afraid I cannot do that, Miss Griffin. My orders were to escort you around the city.”
“And I don’t need an escort anymore. Hold on—”
The young woman’s eyes narrowed as she put the pieces together.
“Magnolia told you to follow me everywhere, didn’t she?”
“That is correct, Miss. I am afraid my orders regarding you were quite specific. I must accompany you everywhere. On that note, shall we return to the plaza? I believe we are late for your meeting.”
The young woman and butler had been striding quickly down the street towards that very spot, where Ryoka had promised to meet Laken. But Ryoka stopped dead in her tracks and turned around.
“You bastard.”
The man’s expression didn’t change. He calmly met Ryoka’s eyes.
“I did not follow you, Miss Ryoka. But I am not the only person in Lady Reinhart’s employ who was given orders regarding you. Happily, the young man you met appears to be still sitting in the plaza, although he is growing restless. May I suggest we continue walking?”
Ryoka did, although now she was ready to do violence. Internally she was cursing. She should have realized Magnolia would set watchers on her!
“Why are you being obvious about spying on me? If you can set watchers so easily, why bother with an escort at all?”
Reynold’s eyebrows rose slightly.
