3.37
Page 8
She didn’t think he would, honestly. She was surprised by how fast he’d caught on to everything.
“At least I got the message to him. Thank god for monoglottism in this world.”
Ryoka saw Ivolethe’s small head turn towards her and laugh.
 
“Hah! I heard thy terrible attempt at language. Deine Aussprache ist schrecklich.”
 
Ryoka scowled down at her belt.
“How the hell do you know what I—no, don’t tell me. I guess you lot were all over Europe back in the day, huh?”
 
“I travelled to many lands, and learned many tongues! You sound as if you were speaking with mud and worms in your mouth!”
 
“Yeah, yeah.”
Ryoka scowled and closed the belt pouch over Ivolethe, ignoring the tiny faerie’s shout. She turned her head slightly, and regarded Reynold.
She hadn’t had time to ask, but she was intensely curious to know why he’d bowed like he had when meeting Laken. The man was still pale and shaking a bit even after their short walk.
“Hey Reynold. What was that, back there?”
The [Butler] jumped as if Ryoka had shouted in his ear. He jerked his eyes away from Laken, and stared at Ryoka. Then he stepped over and hissed at her, completely forgetting about politeness or decorum.
“Who is that man?”
“Laken? I have no idea.”
“Don’t give me that! He is—I’ve never felt—”
Reynold’s cheeks were flushed. He kept staring at Laken.
“What did you feel?”
Ryoka eyed him closely. Reynold opened his mouth and shook his head.
“He was like—I suppose it was like standing before Lady Reinhart, or Lord Veltras. One of the high nobility, Ryoka. Only more intense. It’s a sense most [Servants] have—I felt as though I should have been prostrating myself at his feet.”
“Really?”
The young woman’s eyes narrowed. She stared at Laken and saw him step back from the huddle with Durene and Gamel. Durene carefully took his hand and they began moving towards the Merchant’s Guild.
“Hold on, here we go. Let’s see what he’s about to do.”
This was what Ryoka saw. She saw Durene march up to the doors and then let go of Laken. He grabbed hold of Gamel’s shirt instead, and waited as Durene stood in front of the two ornate double doors.
She attracted attention. For all the half-Troll girl was wearing rough clothing, Ryoka had to admit that she was impressive. Durene was the tallest person around, and when she stood tall and didn’t slouch she was a true giant. She grabbed hold of the door handles and flung the doors wide open.
“Now that’s an entrance.”
Ryoka commented as she followed Laken and the others inside. The dramatic opening had made the entire Merchant’s Guild go silent, or maybe it was seeing Durene come striding through the doorway. Either way, suddenly all eyes were on Laken and Durene and Gamel.
No, they were all on Laken. For all of Durene’s height, there was something about the blind man that drew the eye. Ryoka blinked and rubbed at her own eyes as she stared at his back. Was he…taller? No, but he seemed like it.
What was going on? She frowned hard as Laken walked forwards.
The Merchant’s Guild was as gaudy and plush on the inside as it was on the outside. It had [Receptionists] but other counters as well, places to exchange coin, sell goods, take out loans, and so on. Impressive brass scales were a fixture of the room, as well as other handy measuring tools and things like abacuses—all aids to calculating the worth of an item down to the last copper coin.
