3.37
Page 6
“Just a few. Looks like a few other people got pulled to this continent. Maybe we all got hit by a rogue spell or something. There are five or six kids around our age—maybe a few years younger. But that’s all I know.”
Another squeeze. I gently tighten my fingers to let her know I understand. So Magnolia knows a lot, but not everything? How many of us are there? Why are we here?
I guess that’s a bad topic, so I go back to Magnolia.
“What’s she like? If she hires [Butlers], can I assume she’s rich?”
“Oh yeah. She’s one of the Five Families—they’re the richest nobles on the continent. She’s a [Lady] with an army of servants, tons of magical artifacts, a magical horseless carriage…”
“Are you serious? First bags of holding, now magical automobiles—are you going to tell me adventurers run around with flaming swords and shields of wonder?”
“Hah. Close. Try flaming daggers. But seriously—watch out for Magnolia. She might appear friendly and nice, but she’s devious. Imagine her as a—a—do you, I mean, did you watch Game of Thrones back home?”
I twitch a bit, but keep walking.
“I did. Watch is a bit strong, but I did a lot of listening to audiobooks and I listened to some episodes with visual description turned on.”
“Then imagine her as a Daenerys except older.”
“Sort of like Cersei Lannister?”
“Sort of. But…smarter. Less arrogant. Daenerys is a better analogy, especially given that she has one big thing in common with her. I mean, not as a mother, but a friend. And she’s twice as cunning as both Daenerys and Cersei put together—and she’s bold like Catelyn Stark, got it?”
“I get it. And she knows about you, or rather, us?”
“About everyone. She’s met people…like us, before. And she knows about one of my friends. Her name is Erin Solstice. She lives far south of here, in Liscor. She’s an [Innkeeper]…I’d like you to meet her sometime.”
“I’d be delighted. But I do have to help Riverfarm.”
“The village? Why? Because Durene lives there?”
“Yes. And because they’re good people. Well, fairly good. They’ll starve or die without help.”
“And you can do it?”
“I think so. I wasn’t expecting to meet someone from another world, though.”
“Neither was I. I just heard you speaking German and—look, I’m sorry I got you mixed up in this.”
I shrug fractionally.
“Politics. I’d get involved sooner or later, especially considering…well, let’s just say that having your friend here and learning a bit about the city might be helpful. If this Lady Magnolia really is a friend to the people, I think she’d approve of what we’re doing here.”
Ryoka’s quick pace falters. I hear her take a breath as people shout at a rude wagon driver ahead of us.
“About buying supplies. Do you need help with getting supplies for this village of yours? If you need coin I…damnit, I’ve got some, but—”
“I’ll be fine. Trust me.”
Silence. Then Ryoka stops.
“I’ll try.”
I tap the ground experimentally with my walking stick, but feel no difference in the paving stone around me. Not that I really expected it.
“We’re in front of the Merchant’s Guild? How does it look?”
“Big. Fancy. They went all out on the architecture around here. Lots of gold paint.”
There’s a sneer in Ryoka’s voice. I hear the others catch up, and then Durene speaks.
“Laken! We’re in front of the Merchant’s Guild!”
Is it just me, or is she right between me and Ryoka? I smile up at her.
“I know. Ryoka, can you give us a second? I want to talk with Durene before we…”
“Got it. Hey Reynold, come over here.”
They retreat. I’m left alone with Durene and Gamel, although he’s standing further away. I whisper up to Durene.
