3.37
Page 12
Mind games. From what Reynold and Ryoka said, the important people in this world like to play games with each other and read into every move anyone of power makes. My hope is that in a world of backstabbing, duplicitous schemers, they’ll never expect an honest man.
Well, semi-honest. Sort of. At least I make an effort.
 
—-
 
Ryoka rubbed at her eyes as the discussion went on. Laken sounded exactly like some kind of antagonist explaining his modus operandi on a television show to her. She’d felt like cringing when he made that joke. It was an over-the-top performance, but, and she had to admit this reluctantly, it was working.
It was the way he said it that sold the acting, and that incredible presence he had. You could believe that Laken was some reclusive, eccentric nobleman helping out a village he had taken a liking to. Every eye was on him and some people were openly listening to his discussion, not bothering to hide their interest.
They were all probably wondering which royal house Laken came from, which noble family. Ryoka was wondering much the same thing, although her main question was how. She knew he…but the stone had…Ryoka’s head was hurting already from all the suspicions bottled up in her chest.
And yet, it was all working in Laken’s favor. His entire presence was a tantalizing mystery. Who was the strange man with the bag of gold and a Troll bodyguard? Ryoka could see the gears whirring in people’s heads and decided to give Laken a hand.
She looked over and saw Reynold still writing furiously in the notebook, dipping his quill quickly into the small inkpot he held. She had to admire that—pens were so much easier than having to balance ink and quill and notepad with just two hands. She moved over and elbowed him, making the [Butler] jump.
“Hey. Get in there.”
He stared blankly at her.
“What?”
She nodded toward Laken and Merec as they began to discuss prices and what exactly Laken wanted.
“Do something. Anything. Just enter the conversation, alright? It doesn’t matter what you say, only that you’re there, saying it.”
Reynold hesitated, and then shook his head slightly.
“Miss Ryoka, my job is to escort you.”
“And take notes.”
He flushed a bit and lowered his quill.
“Well I—I can’t just interfere in business like this. It’s not my place.”
“Oh. Okay.”
Ryoka shrugged and walked away. After a few moments Reynold went back to writing down what was being said. He glanced over towards Ryoka and realized she was gone.
Reynold’s head turned frantically, but she wasn’t anywhere in front of him. Then he felt two hands on his back. He half turned—
And Ryoka shoved him.
She pushed Reynold forwards, sending the [Butler] stumbling closer to Laken and Merec. Reynold regained his footing and posture immediately and looked graceful while doing it, but now all eyes were on him. Ryoka looked the other way and twiddled her thumbs behind her back.
“Oops.”
 
—-
 
I break off when I hear the scuffle of feet on the floorboards.
“Is someone there?”
I hear a man clear his throat, and then hear a familiar voice.
“Reynold, sir Laken. May I offer you my services in this matter?”
I hesitate, but only for a second. Why is he helping? No, don’t question it—just roll with the cards that are being dealt.
“I would be most grateful, thank you. Do you by any chance know how much I should be paying for forty bags of barley?”
I hear Reynold sniff delicately.
