3.37
Page 16
Ryoka stood at the counter, aware of the man’s eyes on her as she flipped through message after message. Quite a few were from Krshia, asking when she would come back.
There is unrest. You must return soon. Do you have what is needed?
Ryoka remembered the book full of spells in her bag of holding. Another promise, long delayed. She shook her head and read the next piece of parchment.
This one was from Ceria.
…hope you can reply soon. Let us know. We hope all is well.
They must have been worried without a response for days. Ryoka felt something else stab into her heart, but it was already bleeding so it hurt only a bit.
The next message was from Pisces and more direct.
What’s taking so long?
Just that. Ryoka sighed and took the next bit of parchment out. She read it and froze. It was from Lyonette.
Come back. Mrsha misses you.
The void in Ryoka’s heart didn’t shrink, but now she could feel it hurting. She thought of Mrsha. How long had it been since she’d seen her? She’d just run off, looking for Erin—but Erin had come back and Ryoka hadn’t.
“I have to go back.”
The bored man at the desk looked up, but Ryoka’s eyes were on the pieces of paper. She pulled a lengthy one out from Erin and almost smiled at it.
“Excuse me.”
“Yes, Miss? How can I help you?”
The man covered a sigh as Ryoka pulled out a bag of coins.
“I need to send a message to all these people in Liscor. Can you post an open response or something?”
“Certainly. What would you like to send?”
The man had a silver-tipped quill ready. He paused over a piece of parchment as Ryoka closed her eyes.
“Tell them I’m sorry. And I’ll be home soon.”
The man paused, and coughed.
“Do you mean for me to write ‘tell them I’m sorry’ or—”
Ryoka glared at him.
“No. Write ‘I’m sorry. I will return home soon’. That’s the general response. Now—I have specific messages I want sent to Erin Solstice, Krshia Silverfang, Ceria Springwalker, and…one for Mrsha, to be delivered to any of the people I just mentioned.”
The Mage’s Guild hired only those who could write as fast as other people talked. The man neatly wrote down each of the recipients as Ryoka mentioned them. Ryoka stared at his quill blurring over the parchment.
“Oh, and I want the messages sent right now. Yes, I’ll pay extra.”
The man coughed as Ryoka slapped down coins on the counter.
“Very well. May I have the first message, please?”
“Right. This one’s for Ceria.”
Ryoka closed her eyes and thought. Then she began speaking.
“This is Ryoka. I have had the items analyzed. Contents are as follows: magical sword, strong enchantment. Second sword: damaged beyond repair. Useless. Dagger—flame enchantment. Useful. Buckler: damaged but can be repaired. May have to sell one item to repair the rest…”
Her voice was low, but clear and precise. Ryoka dictated her message for Ceria, and then Krshia, and then left a message for Mrsha before pondering how to reply to Erin’s question. She thought about what she needed to get done in the city before she left, what she could say to Laken, and what to do about the magical items that Hedault was keeping for her.
It was hard, very hard. Every two seconds Ryoka remembered a grinning face, and a man who ran past her. She remembered his back, and the burning air in her lungs as she tried to keep up.
