3.37
Page 2
“I don’t see any Runner with dark skin, sire.”
“Darn. Where could she be?”
A thousand and one answers come to mind. The first of which is that this Ryoka girl is setting us up for a trap and by waiting, I’ve walked us all into it. I sigh and stand up.
“Well, we’ve waited long enough. Let’s go.”
I grab my walking cane and reach out for Durene, but feel her shift, turn as she touches my hand.
“I—wait, I see her, Laken! That’s her alright!”
I stiffen. I can’t see where Ryoka is coming from, but Durene faces me the right way. I hear Gamel draw in his breath.
“What is it?”
“She’s not alone, Laken.”
Immediately, the paranoid part of me starts freaking out. But I keep my voice calm. A leader can’t look nervous. That probably goes triple for an [Emperor], shoddy one though I may be.
“Who is with her?”
“A…I don’t know. What kind of man is that, Gamel? He looks odd.”
“Odd?”
“Yes, Emper—Mister Laken. He has, well, fancy clothes on. They’re all black and white, and he has a bow tie at his neck. He looks like a rich man’s servant, sir.”
“A rich man’s servant…”
I frown. I almost imagine a man in a prison uniform when Gamel says black and white clothes. But they have stripes, don’t they? I don’t know. I think I read about that in a book somewhere, but I haven’t really read a description of prison uniforms in a long time. I always imagine people in that sort of clothing when I listen to news stories about escaped convicts and trials, though.
A servant, though…why would Ryoka have one of those?
“He’s with her?”
“Yes, and they’re—”
Durene breaks off as I hear someone walk towards me. There’s a moment of hesitation as I feel Durene let go of my hand and move. I can’t tell what’s happened, but then I hear the girl named Ryoka speak.
“Laken? I’m here.”
“Ah, Ryoka Griffin? Is that you?”
I don’t know what’s going on, but I opt for pleasant surprise. I listen very carefully to her as she replies.
“Yes. Sorry I’m late. Something came up. I—well, sorry.”
She sounds tense. And worried. Not at all like she did while talking to me before. That was a different sort of tense. This sounds like anxiety in her tone, which means that…
I think quickly and nod, putting a smile on my face.
“Of course. Thank you for coming back. Why don’t we chat over by the benches, assuming they’re not all taken?”
I turn and hear Ryoka cough.
“Your—friend is in the way.”
“Durene? Please let Ryoka past.”
“Okay.”
Shuffling feet. Then—I hear a man’s voice.
“Ah, pardon me Miss Durene, is it? I would like to introduce myself, if you would permit it.”
“Who are you?”
Ryoka’s voice.
“This is Reynold, Laken. He’s my escort. He’s a friend. A—hold on, let me look this up.”
Silence, shuffling. I hear Durene and Gamel murmur in surprise, but have no idea what Ryoka is doing. So I turn to the man named Reynold.
“Hello. I’m pleased to make your acquaintance. Are you Ryoka’s friend?”
“Not as of such, sir. I—I am a—pardon me, but please accept my most profuse apologies to greet you so rudely. Allow me to introduce myself as Reynold Ferusdam, a humble servant in the employ of Lady Magnolia Reinhart.”
I hear a gasp from Durene and a sound from Ryoka. It’s short, but it makes me think this Reynold fellow has done something. I hold still, but sense nothing.
“Please excuse my rudeness, sir.”
“Not…at all.”
I don’t blink, because I keep my eyelids closed all the time, but I am taken aback. Lady who? What’s this Reynold fellow got to do with Ryoka and why is he acting so formal? Wait a minute. I think I know what’s going on.
