3.37
Page 11
“No, of course…it’s just a matter of protocol, see? I’d never question—please, Mister Laken—”
“It’s okay, Durene.”
I wave a hand at her and hear her step back. I smile brightly at Merec.
“I understand completely. Can I assume you have a stone of some sort I’d put my hand on?”
“Yes sir. It’s right here…if you just keep it close to your person, it will shine and uh, tell the truth.”
“Very well. In that case, allow me to go a step further so I may clarify matters.”
I reach out and find the stone on the table after a few seconds of searching. I pull it closer and speak carefully.
“This money is mine.”
I hear a murmur as the stone presumably lights up. I trust that I’m not being made out to be a liar and go on.
“I am a relative newcomer to this land, but I am deeply concerned with the wellbeing of the people of Riverfarm, who took me in and offered me hospitality during my time of need. My wealth comes from my, ah, class. It was not stolen from anyone to the best of my knowledge, and it is mine by right.”
More murmuring. I lift my hand away from the stone.
“I trust that satisfies your questions, Mister Merec?”
“It does indeed, sir. I apologize most sincerely for the inconvenience, but—ah—may I ask what your class is?”
“You may ask, but I may not answer.”
I smile at Merec. I hear him hesitate.
“You wouldn’t happen to be of the aristocracy, sir? Forgive my curiosity, but it’s very rare to have someone of your status in our guild. Most nobles send servants you see…”
I just smile. No reply. But I hear the small intake of breath, and know the crystal has probably changed color again. Tricky, that. But all to the better. An [Emperor] is the highest form of nobility, after all. I gently push the stone back across the table just to be sure I don’t trigger it again.
“Well then, now that the truth has been established, let us go back to business. Food, Mister Merec.”
“Of course! We can have a shipment prepared—at a very reasonable price, as well. Ah—however, I hate to mention this, but at this point in the year grain and meat and so on is very dear. I’m afraid you’ll be paying quite the steep rate for all of this…”
I raise a hand and the man falls silent.
“As I’ve said, money is no object. I know you would not cheat me or drive up the price unfairly, Mister Merec.”
“I would never—”
“I know. I don’t need a Skill, spell, or even eyes to see that. An honest price—and coin in your pockets for work well done—is all I need. I don’t fear being lied to, you see.”
“You…don’t?”
“Of course not. You see, liars and cheats have a way of revealing themselves to me, Merec. Which is why I trust you. After all, being blind means that when people try to pull the wool over my eyes, it doesn’t do a thing.”
I laugh a bit at that. After a second, I hear a polite, rather forced chuckle from Merec. I smile as if I’ve told a good joke. It’s all in the face. I keep it as open and as normal as possible, acting as if I’m talking with a good friend. It helps that I don’t have to do anything with my eyes.
Telling lies? I’m not telling lies. And I’m not dancing about with the truth either. I really don’t have a way of telling if someone’s lying to me. But I can make him think I do.
I’m just letting Merec and all the others do all the thinking and plotting and analysis of every word and move I make. The key is to make them think I’ve got depths, when in fact I’m about as deep as a puddle.
