3.37
Page 1
“Lady Reinhart expected you to put the pieces together, Miss Ryoka. I believe this is her way of assisting you—again, in her own way. But she did tell me to be open about her orders if you asked.”
“So I don’t spook and run, is that it?”
“I would not dare to make such an assumption, Miss.”
“I’ll bet.”
For a second, just a second, Ryoka thought about killing Reynold and dumping his body in a ditch somewhere. But of course, Magnolia would know if Ryoka killed her butler. And where would Ryoka find a handy ditch anyways? What about digging a grave? That would be hell in the snow, and Ryoka would have to lure Reynold far out into the countryside to do that…
It was just a passing thought. But it was tempting. She was furious, but Ryoka was already worrying about Laken. She’d given him away, hadn’t she? But he might just be another person from her world, hardly important—the key would be making sure Magnolia’s servants saw it that way.
She turned her head as Reynold kept pace with her down the street.
“Out of curiosity…if I knock you out, how badly do you think Lady Magnolia would react?”
Again, the [Butler]’s face didn’t twitch. It must have been a Skill.
“If you wish to try, I am afraid you may well succeed. I must tell you however that I am under orders.”
“Oh really?”
“Yes. Miss Ressa gave me precise instructions as to what I should do if you offered me violence, Miss Ryoka.”
“Ressa?”
Ryoka looked over at Reynold. He just stared at her. Slowly, Ryoka unclenched the fist she’d made.
“I really hate your boss, Reynold.”
“I believe the feeling is mutual, Miss Ryoka. I see we have stopped again. Shall we proceed?”
“Sure. Remind me to kick your ass when I’m done here, Reynold?”
“I shall make a note of it.”
 
—-
 
In general, I’d say I’m a pretty patient guy. Well, I do like to keep myself busy, but being blind means that sometimes you’ve just got to wait and think about what you’re going to do next.
For instance, if you’ve lost your walking cane, and you’re in an unfamiliar place, well, you’d better stop and think or you might walk straight into a car. I’ve done that only once before, but believe me, patience is a life saver.
I know better than to hurry things along. There’s a time for action, but if it’s not that time, you might as well take it slow.
Still, I don’t like waiting too long. I shift impatiently on the bench as Durene and Gamel sit next to me. Well, I say sit, but Durene is too big to really share the bench with so she’s sitting on the ground and Gamel seems determined to stand at attention like some kind of personal bodyguard.
Lunch is done. We’ve all had a snack—some very fine Gnollish cooking, which came in the form of a marinated mix of beef and vegetables drizzled in spicy sauce. I was tickled to learn that instead of disposable paper plates, vendors in this city use cheap ceramics. We pay more for the dishes of course, but we get it back if we return our bowls undamaged.
Gamel bought the food and returned the dishes once we were done. He insisted—I would have liked him to rest since he’s been on his feet all day, but he wants to be useful.
Now I turn to him and sense him snap to attention. I don’t have to hear it; I just know he’s standing straighter and turning to face me. It’s so odd. Gamel is only a few years younger than I am, but he thinks I have all the answers.
That’s a dangerous belief. I frown, but put that issue aside for far later. Right now I only have one question.
“Do you see Ryoka, Durene? Gamel?”
“I don’t see anyone, Laken. I mean, there are a lot of people, but—”
