3.37
Page 5
“If the Guilds have power, they’re the ones I need to go to. I was thinking of going to the Runner’s Guild—Ryoka, Durene tells me you look like a Runner. Do you know if they’d be able to get supplies out to Riverfarm? It’s a ways away, and I’d need a lot of supplies. I don’t think a few people can carry all that—how much would it cost to hire, say, fifty people? Or do the Runner’s Guild have wagons?”
“They’ve got bags of holding.”
I smile, delighted.
“No way. In that case, how fast could they travel, oh, thirty miles?”
Ryoka pauses.
“If you had the coin, you could have someone in Riverfarm within the hour I’ll bet. But…don’t go to the Runner’s Guild.”
“Why not?”
Gamel sounds astounded. It takes Ryoka another minute to reply.
“They’ve got bags of holding and they’re a lot faster, yeah. But if you need to buy supplies as well as have them delivered, the Merchant Guild might be able to cut you a better deal. They’re rivals with the Runners—they’re slow, but if you’re hiring protection as well, it’ll be cheaper.”
“Huh.”
Not something I’d expect to hear from a Runner, but I’m grateful for the advice. I smile around at everyone.
“I suppose that’s our destination, then. Durene, Gamel, we’re going to the Merchant’s Guild. I don’t suppose you’d like to join us, Ryoka, Reynold?”
“I am bound to escort Miss Ryoka wherever she travels. It would be my pleasure to accompany you if she so chooses.”
“…Yeah, I’ll go. I know where the Guild is—it’s a few blocks away from here.”
“I’ll help take Laken, Miss Ryoka.”
Durene’s voice comes from next to me. She sounds…a bit possessive. But Ryoka doesn’t budge.
“I’ve led blind people before.”
So saying, she takes my hand. I’m surprised, but I think quickly.
“It’s okay, Durene. I’ll walk with Ryoka for a bit. You can see the sights while we chat.”
“But—okay, Laken.”
I hear the hurt tone in Durene’s voice, but Ryoka pulls at my hand and then we’re off. It must be an odd sight as she leads me out of the plaza. I know Gamel, Reynold and Durene are keeping pace with us because I hear Reynold speaking to them, but then Ryoka begins talking.
“Is she your girlfriend or something?”
“Who?”
“The—Durene. She acts like you two are a couple.”
“We are a couple.”
“What?”
I speak sharply.
“Is there something wrong with that?”
Hesitation. Ryoka sounds guilty.
“No. I—damn it, sorry. I’m just surprised.”
I say nothing in response. After a moment, Ryoka sighs.
“Sorry. She seems protective. She nearly broke my fingers when I shook her hand.”
“Really?”
“She thinks I’m a threat.”
“You did come out of nowhere. And even if you are from my world, that doesn’t mean much to Durene.”
Ryoka pauses, and I nearly run into her. I sense her turn.
“You told her you’re from another world?”
“Of course. I trust her.”
“—Okay. Fine. Sure. You told her. Does anyone else know you’re from another world? That Gamel guy, for instance?”
“No. Have you told anyone? Why is that Reynold fellow following you about?”
“He’s a servant of Lady Magnolia. And she knows. In fact, she knows everything. Her servants followed me—they were probably listening to us when we spoke the first time, and they’re probably listening now. Keep that in mind.”
“I will. But if they’re, ah, ‘friends but spies’, should I trust them or not?”
“…I don’t know. Magnolia’s not evil, but she’s not nice either. She might not care you’re from another world—she’s found other people like us.”
“Really? How many? Where were they?”
Ryoka gives my hand a squeeze.
