3.37
Page 7
“Do you not like Ryoka?”
“I—I don’t trust her, Laken. Are you sure she’s someone you know?”
“I think I can trust her. But tell me, is there anything I missed back in the plaza? When that man Reynold introduced himself, you and Gamel made a noise.”
“Yeah! When he was speaking he—he bowed to you, Laken! He bowed really low!”
“As one would to a…someone like me?”
“Someone like—oh, yeah!”
“Interesting. Don’t say anything about it for now, okay? It’s a secret. Tell Gamel that.”
“Okay Laken. But…”
I can practically see Durene’s face, upset with confusion and nerves.
“What’s going on? This is all so sudden! What are we going to do in the Merchant’s Guild, hire a bunch of wagons?”
“Close. I actually think we can get done most of what we need to while we’re in there. It’s going to be complex, Durene. But we can handle it. All you need to do is look impressive. I think you can do that.”
“But what should I do? I don’t know anything about—money or stuff like that. Are you sure I should come in with you?”
“What, and leave me alone? I need you, Durene. Will you come with me?”
“Yes.”
It’s a response without a second of hesitation behind it. Just one word, but it blows away my self-doubt and my own fears. I smile as Durene squeezes my hand with the utmost care. She’s with me, and she’s all the help I’ll need. How could I ask for more?
And yet, I have more. Gamel is right beside us, faithfully going along with all of this although he clearly doesn’t understand what I’m thinking. He trusts me. He’s loyal.
What an odd thought. But he is my subject and I’ll do right by him.
So it’s not Laken the confused guy who stops in front of the Merchant’s Guild, it’s Laken the [Emperor]. He’s listened and heard all of what’s going on and he has a good idea of the situation he’s in. And he has a plan.
I gesture for Gamel to come over, and we huddle together in front of the Merchant’s Guild as I explain what I want to do. Politics. [Lords] and [Ladies] and Guilds and [Merchants]. Well, I’m an [Emperor] so I trump all of them. I smile as I speak to my two followers, my two subjects, my two friends.
“Okay you two, here’s what we’re going to do. Durene, I want you to open the doors like this when we go in…”
 
—-
 
As the blind young man known as Laken stood with his two friends, Ryoka waited a few feet down the street with Reynold. She pulled something out of her pocket—an iPhone—and tapped on the screen.
Ryoka glanced down at her iPhone and closed the encyclopedia app she had been using. It had been a long, long time since she’d last used it but she was glad to know that it could still work offline.
“Guess it’s not a waste of gigabytes after all.”
She tucked it away in her pocket and sighed. What a mess. She had no idea what Laken was about to do, but from the way the villager and half-Troll girl were reacting, it was going to be surprising.
“I have no idea what the hell is going on.”
 
“Ye never do.”
 
Ivolethe poked her head out of Ryoka’s belt pouch, chewing on a walnut. She was actually eating the shell as well as the nut itself. Ryoka eyed the small blue faerie. She wondered if Laken could hear Ivolethe like Erin could. If so, that might be a better way of letting him know important details.
But what did he really need to know? Everything Ryoka knew about the other people scattered across the world, about Erin and the dangers of the Antinium and so on—that was for a much longer conversation, later. Right now she could only trust he wouldn’t blurt out anything important.
