3.37
Page 13
“Given the way the Merchant’s Guild does business, I would question whether the goods being sold are of acceptable quality. Master Merec, I trust these prices all reflect the condition of the wares for sale? I have heard of weevils and Harvest Devils being found in warehouses in the city as of late.”
Merec splutters.
“Our goods are beyond repute, sir. I can have a sample brought over—”
“A sample might do, but a personal inspection of random bags at the site would not be objectionable, I trust?”
“No—no—”
“Very well then. But I also trust you are not wasting Mister Laken’s time with trivialities such as individual item counts? The Merchant’s Guild surely has a list of the cheapest and most plentiful products on hand, does it not?”
“I—will have some sent for right away.”
 
—-
 
Ryoka grinned as she watched Merec stand and hurry off to speak urgently with some harried employees.
“Not bad, huh?”
Ivolethe, munching down on another walnut, just shrugged in reply. Ryoka shook her head.
She didn’t know what Laken’s game was, not exactly, but she knew he needed to have the [Merchants] here thinking he was a big shot. And who better to help with that bit of fiction than Reynold the [Butler]? They might not know who he was on first sight, but Ryoka would bet every gold piece she owned that the people staring at him and talking behind their hands were trying to figure out which [Lord] or [Lady] he served. Once they found out he was Magnolia’s aide…
“Ooh, looks like they’ve put it together.”
She’d never seen a ruddy face go that pale that quickly. Merec made his way back to Laken with profuse apologies and offered him a frothy fruit drink. Ryoka could have used one herself, but only Laken, Durene, and Gamel were getting the deluxe treatment. The negotiations went on, and Ryoka shifted from leg to leg until she heard adventurers being brought up.
“We have several good teams, Mister Laken. There are Gold-rank teams I could hire if you—”
“I want those two teams, Mister Merec. The Celestial Trackers and the Windfrozen Riders.”
“As you say sir, but may I ask why those two…?”
Ryoka saw Laken lean back and smile mysteriously. She wondered if he’d practiced that smile or if he was just that good at acting. Or maybe that was just how he smiled?
“Here’s the thing, Merec. May I call you that? I need adventurers to protect Riverfarm, but I don’t want to hire people who just want coin or who will look down on the villagers. Why those two teams? Well, early today, I sent my…man out to all of the adventuring groups he could find earlier this day, begging for help. Of the ones he talked to, those two were the only ones who didn’t immediately send him off or laugh at him.”
Ryoka turned to stare at Gamel. Wait a second—she remembered seeing him doing that! He’d been approaching the teams in the plaza, begging for help!
“Clever.”
Laken went on, explaining his reasoning to an enthralled Merec and the audience around him.
“When I was young, I heard a story about a [King] who did very much the same thing. Well, the story has many forms, but it’s always the same. The [King] would go out, disguising himself as a peasant or ordinary man and talk with people, ask for aid, or challenge them to ascertain their worth. Only after he had gotten the measure of them would he reveal himself. For you see, people aren’t genuine when they know you’re rich or powerful. I want those teams, Merec. They might not be famous, but they do care.”
“Of course, sir. I will have someone go over to the Adventurer’s Guild this instant—”
The young man held up a hand and Merec fell silent.
