3.38
Page 1
Only a day had passed since Esthelm had received aid. That was too short a time to effect that much change, although the Antinium had managed to repair a good deal of the walls themselves. But the convoy had done its job, and staying longer would do no good. Extra hands to help meant extra mouths to feed, and the food and supplies that had been brought would go to waste that way.
So the adventurers who had been hired would stay, the extra [Guardsmen], [Hunters], [Healers], and so on would lend their expertise, and a group of Antinium Workers and Soldiers under Anand’s supervision would stay to complete construction work. Everyone else would leave.
That suited Erin just fine. She woke up a bit as the cold air blew into her face. But after adjusting her head so she was sheltered by the wagon’s sides, she dozed off.
Woke up again. This time Erin saw Liscor in the distance. She blinked around blearily and decided a few more minutes wouldn’t hurt…
“Miss Erin? We’re here.”
A hand shook Erin gently. She groaned and then opened her eyes.
The wagon was parked right next to the hill the inn stood on. Erin looked at Termin, and realized he’d stopped here for her.
“Oh, thanks, Termin!”
He smiled at her, and dipped his head slightly.
“My pleasure.”
There was much more to say, but it was too early. Erin got up and woke up the other Horns of Hammerad by yanking the blankets off them. They swore at her—Ceria nearly hit Erin with her skeletal hand before she opened her eyes. But they did get up.
It was customary to tip drivers, even if they had been paid. Erin fished around for a coin but Termin waved her away.
“Treat me to a meal tonight, miss. You’ll be open? Then I’ll be there.”
He gently flapped the reins and Erma and Fox began to plod off.
“Bastard. It’s not a minute’s travel up the hill.”
Pisces glared at the wagon as it rolled through the snow. Erin glared blearily at him, shivering already despite the blanket she’d draped around her shoulders for extra protection.
“That’s a lot of work for his horses. We can walk. Come on.”
Silently, the adventurers trudged up the hill after Erin. She pushed open the door to her inn and they practically fell down the steps to the basement. Erin paused only to make sure they had enough blankets. Everyone but Ksmvr was already back asleep.
Silently, Erin wandered over to the fireplace and added a few logs that had been piled up next to it. The glowing embers set fire to the wood as she blew carefully at it.
The ash made her cough. Erin took a few steps back and stared as the temperature in the common room began to rise. She glanced towards the window.
It was still night. But there was light there, too. It would be dawn soon.
If she were back home, Erin would have been dead asleep—or going to sleep if she’d pulled another all-nighter playing chess online or studying games. She would have never contemplated anything remotely resembling hard work at this hour, and probably would have slept in till one.
“Huh. I guess I’m a morning person now.”
Erin smiled, and bowed her head as she shivered and sat at an empty table in her inn. She closed her eyes, but that was a mistake.
Yes, if she were back home, she’d be lying in bed with her laptop, covered with blankets as the snow fell outside. Maybe she would be thinking about getting a part-time job, or what college would be like next year. She’d be studying chess or chatting online with a friend and—
Memory.
It hurt. Erin bit her lip, so hard she nearly punctured skin. She stood up and sighed. Swaying on her feet, Erin frowned. She was still waking up.
