3.38
Page 3
Erin groused to herself as she stomped across the streets of Liscor, trying not to slip on the snow-covered paving stones. There was practically no one up yet, but she found Market Street at least partially occupied. While pedestrians had yet to hit the streets, the shopkeepers were setting up, miserably trying to stay warm while they opened their stalls.
Erin found one familiar Gnoll grumbling to herself as she dusted snow off of her counter with a paw. Krshia Silverfang turned before Erin could call out to her. The Gnoll sniffed and smiled as Erin approached her small stall.
“Krshia!”
The young woman beamed at her. The Gnoll smiled and beckoned Erin closer. They huddled beneath her stall’s flimsy walls from the wind while they chatted.
“Erin Solstice. It has been far, far too long since we have spoken properly, yes?”
“Yes! How are you doing, Krshia? I know we talked a bit at the party, but there’s so much that has happened!”
“Indeed. We must catch up. But first—have you business with me?”
“I do! Here—oh wait, I don’t have a list. But I know what I need.”
“Hmm. Let me fetch a piece of parchment and charcoal, yes?”
Erin chatted with Krshia as the Gnoll wrote down her shopping list and told her it would be delivered to her inn by the end of the day. Erin put a few coins on the table and got three bronze coins in change. Then she took a deep breath and got to the real reason she’d sought Krshia out so early.
“Krshia, I know Lyonette’s um…well, I know she did a lot of things while I was gone.”
“That is so. Hrm. You say you have done much in Celum while you were away, yes? Well, Lyonette has…also done much here.”
Erin peeked up at the tall Gnoll’s face. Krshia’s expression was hard to read, but her ears weren’t flat. That was a good sign.
“I know you didn’t want her back in the city. But she came in, didn’t she?”
Krshia paused, and her ears did twitch then. But her voice remained level and calm. Or seemingly calm.
“She was allowed back in the city by Zel Shivertail, no? What is a Gnoll’s pride before the famous hero of the Antinium Wars? We will do nothing to her, not when the Council is against us.”
“I’m sorry. But she came back to—”
“Save the child Mrsha. I know. It makes it better, no?”
“No. Well, yes. Maybe. But she only did it because of that. She won’t come back otherwise. And I had a chat with her, and…well, she’s sorry and she’ll try to make amends.”
“So I have seen. But her debt is large, Erin.”
“I know. I just wanted to say that she’s going to try and stay out of the city unless it’s an emergency. And a bit of the money she gets paid—once I actually pay her—will go to you for your shop. It’s not much, but it’s what she can do. What I can do.”
Krshia blinked down at Erin. She didn’t immediately reply. Erin shivered.
“I know it’s not enough. But she’s trying, okay?”
“Hrm. I understand.”
Krshia shook her head. She looked tired as she flicked a bit of snow that had dared to land on her counter off onto the ground.
“That Human child is odd. Odd, but I see her trying. It is not enough, but it will do. Let us not talk of such things, Erin. You have just returned—again. Let us talk of good matters, or as much good as there is on such cold days.”
“Okay.”
Erin smiled at Krshia and saw the Gnoll bare her canines in response. After a second, Erin frowned.
“Krshia, what’s the Council? That’s the group that rules Liscor, right? Who are they? I’ve never seen them.”
