3.38
Page 2
“…not now. But it’s Christmas time. Time…?”
The mumbling attracted attention. Erin heard the creak of someone descending the stairs and saw Lyonette rubbing her eyes as she walked down. The young woman froze when she saw Erin standing in the center of the room, but then she relaxed.
“Oh. I thought—”
Erin nodded at her. Lyonette silently stumbled down the steps. Both girls stood in the room, staring at each other. Without saying anything, a consensus was reached that it was far too early for anything resembling conversation.
Erin sat back down. Then she stood up with a groan and went into the kitchen to prepare food for the masses. Lyonette went outside with a bucket for water.
Some things were easiest to do on autopilot. Erin mechanically made crepes in a batter and fried them up. She was munching on a buttery crepe before she properly woke up. The hot food was burning her hands, but it was food so she didn’t care.
The sun was coming up. Now Erin could think, she wandered back into the common room, leaving a heap of crepes in a bowl covered with a towel. They could always be reheated, and she had too much work to do to stay in the kitchen.
“Time to get to work.”
“Huh?”
Lyonette paused mid-bite, a piece of crepe halfway towards her mouth. She blinked blearily at Erin. The young woman waved at her [Barmaid].
“I said I’m going to work. A lot. Today’s going to be busy, Lyon. I think you’ll have to stay in the inn most of the time, but I’ll be running around like a chicken with its head cut off.”
The young woman sitting at the table nodded. She paused, frowned, and woke up a bit more. Then she thought about what Erin had said.
“Do they actually do that?”
“What?”
“Chickens. Do they really run around when you…I mean, if you…”
Lyonette gulped. Erin paused.
“Maybe? I dunno, I’ve never actually tried it. It’s just what people say where I come from.”
“Oh.”
The two girls stared at each other. After a second, Erin coughed.
“We don’t do that all the time. It’s just…”
“No, I understand.”
“Right. Well then…I’m off to the city!”
Awkwardly, Erin edged out the door. She came back in to grab a money pouch and fill it with coins. She was feeling the rush of sugar and adrenaline now. She put a smile on her face and fixed it there.
“Do we need anything, Lyon? I mean, Lyonette?”
“Um. Lyon’s fine I guess. We need some more flour, a few tomatoes if you want to make that ‘cats-up’ stuff, and some salt. I think we’ve got enough for tonight.”
“Alright, got it! Oh, and one more thing—”
Erin poked her head back through the door. Lyonette looked at her expectantly.
“Christmas is coming.”
“What’s that?”
“It’s a holiday! Everyone’s going to get presents and have fun, so…think of some gifts for people, okay? You’ll have to get presents for uh, two other people. It can be food, something small or fun or anything like that. Just think of something nice to give someone else.”
“Okay?”
“Thanks! I’ll explain the rest later!”
 
—-
 
It was just a smile, but Erin wore it like a shield. Smiling helped. Smiling made you think the day might not be horrible after all. Not that she thought today would be horrible, but she had a lot to do, and she was going to do it cheerful or she’d kill herself.
Or someone. Like the sleepy guardsman at the gate. The Drake on duty just stared at Erin as she stood outside the closed gates. After five minutes he managed to get them open enough for her to slip through.
“I have so much to do!”
