3.38
Page 15
He growled with gritted teeth as he backed away from Erin. She put her hands on her hips and glared at him.
“I’m washing your arm. With that water.”
“No. I’m not having you pour that on my arm. I’ve suffered enough without your crazy Human remedies!”
“I’m not giving you a choice. Come on—”
Erin reached for Brunkr and he hit her. It was a fast punch that caught Erin on the side of the face. It wasn’t too strong—for Brunkr. Erin stumbled back and shook her head. Then she threw up.
Brunkr eyed Erin as she panted and stared at the mess on Krshia’s floor. He saw the Human girl look at the vomit puddle, and then at him. He snarled, full of hurt and anger. But Erin just turned away and went into the kitchen.
She came back with more water and a cloth. It took a bit of time for Erin to get the vomit out of the rug, but she had a skill. She tossed the dirty water out, cleaned her hands. Then she stopped in the living room and stared at Brunkr. He stared back.
Erin sighed. She took two steps over to Brunkr and he raised his hand threateningly. This time Erin drew back when he clenched his fist. She eyed him—
And then hit him in the stomach.
“[Minotaur Punch]!”
Brunkr doubled over as Erin belted him. He swung at her, but she ducked. Erin stomped on Brunkr’s toe and punched him in the chest. He didn’t fall from that, so she kneed him in the groin and then hit him in the face.
He hit her back. Erin stared up at the ceiling and then got up fast. She kicked the charging Brunkr in the groin again and shoved him on the couch as he doubled over, howling in pain.
“Sit!”
She shouted it so loudly the house rang. Brunkr tried to stand up—Erin raised a fist. He halted. His ears flattened, and the fight went out of him. He lay back on the couch and stared up at the ceiling. Erin breathed in and out heavily, and then reached for the basin of salt water.
 
—-
 
“Does it hurt?”
“Yes.”
“Sorry. I need to get the wound clean, though.”
Brunkr hissed through his teeth as Erin carefully dabbed at his red wound. She pressed at it and she saw his claws sink into Krshia’s already threadbare couch—but he didn’t say a word.
“You’re doing great. I know it hurts, and I’m sorry. I really am. But you need to keep it clean. All this pus and nasty stuff? It can’t stay in the wound.”
Brunkr growled, vexation clear in his voice.
“I know that. But it keeps—agh! Keeps coming back.”
“So keep getting rid of it! Who’s tougher, you or pus?”
Erin scowled as she took away the dirtied rag and dipped it in another bucket. She sighed, and stared at his arm.
The red, gaping injury did look awful, but it was better than the oozing mess of before. She had—against Brunkr’s wishes—also snipped off a lot of the hair around the injury to keep it from getting in. Now Erin fetched the jar of honey.
“Why honey? It won’t work.”
“Have you ever tried using honey on your injuries?”
“Of course not. Who would—argh!”
Brunkr yelped as Erin began spooning honey over his infected arm. She coated his open flesh liberally, making sure it was all covered by a layer of glistening liquid.
“There. That looks right.”
“And this is supposed to do what? Heal me?”
“It’s a salve. It’ll help keep germs away. Um—keep the infection from getting worse, and make it better.”
Erin pointed to the jar as she got the bandages she’d bought out and began wrapping them around Brunkr’s arm.
“Don’t eat the honey, obviously. It’s going to get really nasty over time I bet. Lots of hair, dirt…actually, wash your arm before you put the honey on it. But just keep putting it on, okay?”
He eyed her.
“When?”
