3.38
Page 14
It was smashed on one end, but one of the jars of honey was intact. That would do. Erin brought it back and she and Lyonette made their way back to the inn.
Neither one said much. Lyonette was sticky with honey and other fluids from the hive. Erin held the jar of honey as Lyonette struggled onwards, wiping at her mouth and spitting occasionally. She said not a word of complaint, but Erin saw her shiver more than once as the cold air froze her wet clothing.
When they got back, Erin let Mrsha leap on Lyonette as Lyonette hugged her and cried in relief. Erin pointed upstairs as Lyonette tried to stop Mrsha from rubbing her furry body all over her honeyed one.
“Bath!”
Both Gnoll and girl looked at her. Erin smiled.
“Go take a bath, Lyonette. Don’t worry about cleaning or anything else. Just have a nice time—and bring Mrsha with you too! She’s all sticky.”
“I can make it quick—”
“No, no!”
Erin mock-scowled at Lyonette.
“Bath time is a special time. It’s the most special time. You take a long hot soak, or I’ll fire you. I’m going back into the city—after I talk with Octavia. Go on! Shoo!”
She waved at Lyonette and then remembered what else she wanted to say.
“Lyonette?”
“Yes?”
“Good work. I mean it.”
“But we lost the bees and most of the honey—”
“That wasn’t your fault.”
Erin looked sternly at Lyonette.
“You did amazing, getting us the honey. The Rock Crab…from now on, neither you and I are leaving the inn without seed cores, okay? And we’ll be twice as careful—I’m going with you each time. But we survived.”
“Yeah. We did.”
They left it at that. Erin went to the kitchen with the jar of honey before she remembered what she had to do with it. She put the honey on a table and sat down for a second.
Only then did Erin let herself shake uncontrollably. She trembled so badly she couldn’t  stand or hold the glass of water she’d poured herself; it slopped everywhere.
Just for a few minutes. One. Five. Then Erin stopped. She stopped shaking, stood up, drank the rest of the water in the glass, and sighed.
“I’m alive. I’m alive. I’m alive and—I need to get back to work.”
Erin stumbled towards the door. She had to come back and grab the jar of honey.
 
—-
 
When she opened Krshia’s door this time, Brunkr was awake. Sort of. He was staring at his hand on the couch, not doing anything really. He didn’t look up as Erin came in.
“Go away, Human.”
“I have something that will help, Brunkr. I know how to help heal your hand.”
He looked up, full of hope and scorn. He frowned when he saw the huge glass jar of honey. Bits of honeycomb were stuck to the insides.
“What is that? Do you want to fatten me up before I lose my arm? Or is that for my aunt to sell?”
“It’s for you.”
Erin put the jar on the table, and turned to face Brunkr, hands on hips. She felt a bit better, although the smell of Brunkr’s infection didn’t help her stomach any.
“This honey is something Ryoka—do you know Ryoka? Well, it’s something that will help.”
“How?”
“What you’re going to do is—well, first, let me tend to your hand.”
Erin walked over to Brunkr. She’d brought a towel and a bag of salt. She put both down and he watched, confused and irritated as she found a basin. When Erin mixed some water she’d boiled in the kitchen with the salt he reacted poorly.
“You’re not splashing that on my hand.”
“I am.”
“No.”
He yanked his hand away as she reached for it. Erin glared at him.
“You need to get your infection clean. For god’s sake, why haven’t you cleaned it yourself? It’s disgusting!”
“It always comes back.”
