3.38
Page 6
“Back when my hand was all cut up Klbkch gave me a healing potion. It worked, even though it was sort of infected. Are you sure a healing potion—a good one—wouldn’t…?”
Krshia shook her head instantly.
“Light infections, perhaps. The body will fight it off in the end, yes? So a healing potion makes it faster. But deep rot such as this…no. It will only speed up the infection.”
“So what can you do?”
Krshia didn’t reply. But she stared at Brunkr and Erin saw the Gnoll’s entire body tense up. Erin went pale.
“No. Really?”
“He must—”
“No! Not yet!”
Brunkr’s voice was full of anguish. He bent over his hand, making a sound that was more animal than word. Erin saw Krshia staring at her younger nephew with deep sorrow—but also something cold in her gaze.
“It must be soon, nephew. Erin, even she can see your hand is gone, yes?”
“No!”
“No!”
The echo came from Erin’s mouth. Both Gnolls stared at her, Brunkr turning his head to look. Erin was shaking her head.
“No, Erin Solstice? But you see his hand. It must go or the rot will consume him as well.”
“No, it’s—maybe something can be done. Krshia, let me—I think something can be done.”
“Truly?”
“Impossible!”
Brunkr snapped at Erin, showing his teeth. Erin felt her heart beating faster, but not from fear. She stared at Brunkr’s hand and thought of doctors, hospitals. She had no idea—only a vague recollection of taking tablets and getting shots, but maybe…
“Let me try to help, okay? I think I have an idea. I’ll come back—”
“Do not lie to me, Human.”
Brunkr glared at Erin, seemingly more infuriated by her offer to help than his aunt’s words. Erin held her ground as he stumbled towards her. Brunkr’s voice was slurred by pain and grief, but he was still a warrior of a Gnoll tribe. He towered over her as he glared and Erin saw Krshia staring warily at her nephew.
“Humans—hrr. I hear Humans say try and give up in an instant. What can you do that my tribe—my aunt cannot? Can you save my hand? Tell me. If you lie, I will know.”
“I can try.”
Erin looked Brunkr in the eye. He stared at her. The anger was replaced by dull resignation in an instant.
“You will fail, and say you did all you could. Your words are empty.”
“I don’t give up that easily. Here.”
Erin stepped past Brunkr, to a pile of rags that smelled horrible. She found a bucket of water and washed the rags briskly as Krshia guided Brunkr back to the couch. Erin wrung the cloth and pressed it on Brunkr’s head. The Gnoll groaned and lay back. Erin turned to Krshia and silently the two females left her apartment.
“If you can help, I will give all to save his hand. But is it possible?”
“I don’t know. I don’t know, Krshia, but I know who I can ask.”
“Who?”
“Ryoka.”
That was all they said on the matter. Back at Krshia’s stall, Erin stood in front of it, feeling heavier than she had when she’d just woken up. She couldn’t get the image of Brunkr’s infected hand out of her head.
Krshia seemed equally weighed down, despite Erin’s assurances. She looked so tired. It hurt Erin’s heart. The girl cast around for something, anything that could make the Gnoll feel better, and then remembered one of the things she had decided to do. She put a smile on her face and made it stick by sheer force of will.
Lighthearted tone. Erin took a breath and did her best.
“I know Brunkr’s in bad shape, but can I tell you about something that’s going to happen a few days from now, Krshia?”
“Hm? What is this thing, Erin Solstice?”
Krshia eyed Erin as the girl tried to summon the powers of the holiday spirit. She spread her arms.
