3.38
Page 12
They worked in sweaty, quick silence until Erin had two jars of bees and Lyonette two jars of honey, honeycomb, and other parts of the hive. Then they hurried out into the snow.
“We made it! Are we okay?”
“I think so.”
Lyonette was pale, but triumphant. She was a mess, covered all over by the hive. She jerked her head back towards the inn.
“We should get away as fast as we can. The bees get really, really angry when they wake up. We don’t want to be anywhere near them.”
“Got it. Let’s go!”
Erin had to heft both jars as she struggled through the snow. They’d brought a small sled to carry the jars on, but the jars kept falling off no matter how the girls tried to lash them onto the sled—and they didn’t feel like trying to tie a good knot so close to the cave.
They made tracks, huffing and puffing as they tried to force their unwilling legs to move faster. When they were a good distance from the cave, Erin relaxed slightly.
“I think we might be okay. Lyonette, do you do that every day?”
“Yeah, but having someone else helps.”
Lyonette gasped as she panted for air. She looked at Erin with a smile of triumph and then turned pale.
“Erin. The jar…”
Erin looked down at the two massive jars she was holding and nearly screamed. The bees she’d put in the jar had woken up. And they were alive.
Normally they suffocated or died of the cold. But these bees, freshly put to sleep, were still able to move. And they did. They wriggled and tried to flap their wings obscenely in the crowded confines of the jar. The pulsating mass made Erin want to drop the jar, but she hung on for dear life, checking the lid to make sure it was secure.
“It’s okay. They’ll die quick. Let’s just put it on the sled and—I need to have a bath after this.”
“Okay.”
Gingerly, Erin lashed the two jars securely to the sled. The bees wriggled angrily and tried to sting her hands through the glass, but they could do nothing. Erin continued onwards, pulling the sled as Lyonette followed her.
“So you did this three times before I got here? That’s amazing!”
Erin was trying to be as congratulatory as possible, and she meant it. Lyonette really had turned over a new leaf, and this one was massive. The girl beamed with pride as they passed by a huge mound of snow sitting in the middle of a flat part of the snowy plains.
“I had to. Honey’s the only thing everyone really likes. It was so scary—I nearly peed myself the first time! But your flowers really are incredible.”
“I know. I’m wondering what else they might be able to do! I’ll do some experiments—hopefully I can grow enough so that—”
Danger. It wasn’t a word, just a thought, a bell rung at maximum volume in Erin’s head. She broke off and turned her head around immediately.
“Lyonette. Stop.”
The girl halted at once as Erin let go of the sledge and reached for the knife she always carried when she left the inn. Something was around them. She looked at Lyonette and the girl got the vibe at once. She drew closer to Erin as the [Innkeeper] eyed the ground.
“What is it?”
“[Dangersense]. But I can’t tell from where. Is it Shield Spiders? Are we at their nest or—”
A spark lit up Erin’s mind. They had just passed something. She hadn’t noticed, but it stood out to her suddenly. Why was a mound of snow in a flat plain—
She turned, just as the Rock Crab, camouflaged by the snow, stood up and sidled closer to her. It scuttled a few feet towards the girls, and then dropped down into the snow, looking like just another white part of the landscape. But Erin and Lyonette had seen.
