3.38
Page 8
“Sorry—what was I saying? Oh yeah, I was happy to help Lyonette. But it’s a good thing she managed to patch things up with the Gnolls so they’d deliver to her. My arms nearly fell off trying to haul all the food she wanted up to the inn every day! I don’t know how you do it!”
“You get strong. See?”
Erin tried to flex her arm to show Olesm, but all the clothes on her body made that futile. Olesm smiled and then fidgeted.
“I don’t suppose you’re free right now, Erin? I’d love to chat with you—I mean, there’s so much I’ve been meaning to show you, and I’d love to play a game if…”
Erin sighed and Olesm’s face fell.
“I’m sorry, Olesm. But I’m so busy! I have to go to the Mage’s Guild after this, and then…”
“I completely understand. I’ll ask again later.”
Olesm raised his claws and made to back away. Erin felt a pang as she saw how disappointed he was—and how hard he was trying to hide that fact.
“Why don’t you come to the inn after lunch? I’ll definitely have time to talk then. We can play a few games of chess and—oh, I can show you how to play Shogi!”
The blue-scaled Drake paused. His tail began to wag hopefully in the snow.
“Really? You mean it? I won’t be interrupting?”
“I’ll make time. It’s a promise, okay? After lunch. You can make it, right?”
“I’ll be there! No problem! Let me just—I’ll have to get my notes, and a bottle of fresh ink—and I can show you all the letters I’ve received. I’ll be there! At your inn, right? Definitely!”
Erin smiled as Olesm rushed off, practically jumping for joy. Then she frowned.
“After lunch? Gotta go faster, then.”
She stomped down the street, searching for the Mage’s Guild. In truth, Erin had never been there, but it wasn’t hard to find the place.
There wasn’t a line this early in the day, and the Drake at the counter was clearly bored. He didn’t seem any happier to have to serve anyone, but Erin gave him her best smile anyways.
“Hi there, you do messages by spell, right? Can I send a message to…Invrisil? How much would that cost, actually?”
The Drake stared at Erin, and grudgingly pointed his claw to a large sign with prices listed right above his head. Erin turned red and stared at them.
“Payment is up front. We don’t send packages by magic either; you’ll need to go to a Walled City or another city for that.”
The Drake’s voice was testy. Erin nodded a few times.
“Got it…not too pricy, huh. Okay, I think I’d like to send a message to my friend! Can I send it now, or do I have to wait?”
The Drake pointed to the sign again.
“There’s a fee for quick deliveries. Just tell me your friend’s name and I’ll have it addressed to her.”
Erin gave him Ryoka’s name, spelling it out for him as he frowned over the odd spelling, grumbling about Human names. Her message was simple, and was written verbatim.
“Hey Ryoka, this is Erin! I need help! I just spoke with Krshia—you know she’s got a nephew, Brunkr, right? Well, he’s got an infected hand and I was wondering—okay. Wow. That much? Um, Ryoka, lots of money to send this, so…how to heal infected hand? Also, when are you coming back? Christmas is soon. Come back soon!”
After that, Erin had to pay and wait for the [Clerk] to take the letter upstairs to the [Mage] on duty. She got a small receipt and her change—she was paying in gold coins since the Gold-rank adventurers didn’t seem to have smaller denominations.
Erin wondered if Ryoka would get the message. She was about to hurry back to her inn when the Drake at the desk suddenly called out after her.
“Miss? Miss Human!”
