3.38
Page 16
“All the time! When you’re awake, when you’re asleep—all the time! If you can, keep honey on the injury every second. After you clean, again. Clean at least three times a day, and then reapply the honey salve. It’ll help get rid of the infection. Here, I’ll show you how to wrap a bandage over it…”
She finished tying the bandage over Brunkr’s arm. He stared at it and shook his head.
“Don’t you think I’ve done all this before? I’ve put the poultice the [Healer] gave me over my arm—it did nothing. I ate all the different meat my tribe mates gave me, I drank as many foul stews as my aunt made. Nothing worked. I burnt my wound with fire—”
“What? No wonder it’s so bad!”
Erin glared at Brunkr. He glared back. He tried to put anger in his tone, but there was more defeat than anything else.
“Your cure isn’t going to work. What makes a Human trick better than my people’s knowledge? All you’re using is honey.”
“It may just be honey, but I know this honey works. Ryoka knows it works. It’s not some quack medicine, okay? Cleaning your wound regularly, using honey and salt water—it’s all part of the healing. You have to do it all or it won’t work. Have faith.”
He glared at her. Brunkr grabbed Erin’s arm as she rolled up the rest of the bandage. It was a firm grip, but not meant to hurt.
“Faith? In what? This—this is just a fool’s cure. Why should I believe honey will cure…”
His voice broke.
“I will lose my hand. After this, it must be cut off. Not just my hand—my arm as well. I will lose it, and I will be a cripple. Not a warrior of my tribe—a half thing. Useless. Good only for the easiest chores.”
Erin stared at Brunkr. She didn’t know him. She’d only met him once or twice, and it always ended up in a fight, or so it seemed. But she could understand his fear, understand what he was going through.
“I know it’s scary. I know it’s hard to believe. But believe.”
“In what? In Humans?”
“No. In me.”
Erin grabbed Brunkr’s good arm with her own. She squeezed it hard, looking the Gnoll in the eye.
“Have faith in me. I want to help. And I know what I’m doing.”
He stared at her, and she saw the hope in his eyes that she was telling the truth. But then he looked away.
“Everyone says that.”
“I know.”
Erin sat with Brunkr as he let go of her and stared dully at his arm. She began tidying up in silence. After a minute, she spoke.
“You know, back home we don’t have magic.”
Brunkr looked up.
“You don’t?”
Erin shook her head as she sat the jar of honey in one corner of the room, balancing one of Krshia’s ladles on the lid.
“Nope. Not at all. Not a single [Mage]—heck, no one knows a single spell. Wild, isn’t it?”
“How could your people survive? Even we have [Shamans]. How do you…do anything?”
“With technology. With things other than magic. You see, we study a lot of things. We’re not tough like Drakes or strong as Gnolls…we don’t have good noses or the ability to cast magic or anything else. But we think a lot. And we write everything down. And one of the things we write down is how to cure people.”
“Everyone does that. My people have cures—if I were back at home and it were summer, my aunt says she could have found the good dirt—”
“No, see that’s where you’re wrong. We’re not the same. Where I come from, we don’t have cures. It’s not a mystery whether people will get well or not. We know what causes what, and if we don’t know, we find out. We don’t say you might get better. We invent cures that work all the time, or nearly all the time. That’s why I know the honey will help, and the cleaning.”
“Really?”
