3.38
Page 13
It was less than fifteen feet away. Lyonette froze up and Erin felt her heart stop in her chest.
“Erin—what is—”
“Rock Crab. I told you—it’s too close.”
“W-what do we do? Run?”
“It’ll catch us.”
Erin knew that for a certainty. She clenched her teeth tightly, feeling the useless knife in her left hand.
“Seed cores would scare it away. But we don’t have any except at the inn!”
“In that case…”
“Just don’t move. I think it’s waiting for us to move. Let. Me. Think.”
Erin held very still as Lyonette shivered next to her. She knew the Rock Crab would strike sooner or later. When it did—
What could kill it? Adventurers. They were far away. Seed cores. Erin didn’t have any. Goblins? None around here since Rags was gone. Magic? No. Toren—
No. Erin closed her eyes. Fight while Lyonette ran for help? She’d be dead in a second. But if that was her option—
No. Wait. Something else struck Erin. She opened her eyes and stared at the sled she’d stopped pulling. At the things wriggling in the glass jars.
“Lyonette. Get ready to dive into the snow.”
“What? Wh—”
Lyonette’s eyes widened as Erin slowly, very slowly, waded over to the glass jars. Erin carefully lifted both jars of angry bees out of the sled, keeping her eyes on the mound of snow the entire time. Was it lifting up a bit?
She raised the first jar over her head and braced herself. Yes, the Rock Crab was moving. She saw it lift up, and then two long, flexible…
Were they eyes? Either that, or antennae. They stared at Erin and she stared at it. The Rock Crab hesitated, and then it lifted itself up, exposing a dark, red-brown body under its snowy shell and huge pincers that—
“Duck!”
Erin screamed and threw the first jar right into the Rock Crab’s shell. Inside of it, in fact. The glass broke and Erin heard a roar of buzzing as the bees were freed. She didn’t hesitate. She threw the second jar and then dove into the snow, digging herself deep as the bees buzzed in fury and the rock Crab clicked.
That was the sound. A deep, echoing click of a sea creature. It was a counterpoint to the thunderous buzzing.
Clickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclickclick—
Erin didn’t know if Lyonette was alive. She could only hear the bees, the crab—and then silence. The buzzing faded, growing more muted, but never completely ceasing, but the crab…
After a while, Erin chanced raising her head out of the snow. She looked around and saw the crab’s shell, lowered to the ground. For a second she thought the crab was alive and her heart pounded wildly—but then she realized the truth.
“Lyonette.”
The girl screamed when Erin found her in the snow. But Lyonette realized it was just Erin and came up to see what had happened.
“It’s dead.”
Erin pointed shakily to the Rock Crab’s shell. She could see a few dead bees, smashed or in pieces around the shell, but only a few. The rest must have flown off. Lyonette stared at the shell and touched her ears.
“I can still hear buzzing though—”
“Yeah. The bees are inside the shell.”
Erin pointed to the shell where she could hear the dim thunder of wings as well. Lyonette grew pale as she realized what had happened.
The Ashfire Bees had stung the Rock Crab to death—from the inside. But they were trapped in its shell as well. Both groups were dead or soon to be dead if no one disturbed them.
Erin laughed, shakily. Lyonette looked at her as if she were crazy, but then uttered a strained laugh herself. Both girls laughed and laughed and then Lyonette sat down and cried while Erin went to find their sled.
