3.38
Page 5
Krshia spoke quietly to Brunkr. He made no reply. He was lying with the blanket wrapped around his huge frame. Something stank horribly. Erin made a face and suppressed the urge to gag. She peered at Brunkr, but couldn’t see anything, cocooned as he was.
“What’s wrong with him?”
“Go away, Human.”
Brunkr’s voice was muffled but distinct. She saw him roll and then two dark brown eyes glared malevolently at her.
“Leave me, Erin Solstice. And take your cursed doombringer far away from me. Leave her yourself unless you wish to end up as I do.”
Doombringer? Erin frowned and then realized he meant Mrsha. Krshia frowned at Brunkr.
“Nephew! Be silent. Do not blame bad luck on the Mrsha child.”
Brunkr ignored his aunt. He sat up with an effort, groaning as his legs slowly unfolded and he shifted the blanket. The smell grew worse. It was the smell of…Erin’s stomach roiled and the crepes threatened to come up. The Gnoll warrior was breathing heavily and sweat was staining his fur as she stared at Krshia.
“Is it time to cut it off? Is that why you have come?”
“Cut? Cut what off?”
Erin blinked at Brunkr. He stared incredulously at her, and then snarled. He tore off the blanket from his frame and thrust his right hand at her.
Both Human and Gnoll recoiled. Erin saw yellow dripping pus, oozing around red broken skin covered in horribly stained fur—in an instant she realized where the smell was coming from. The blanket Brunkr had tossed to the floor was also covered in dried yellow gunk.
It was horrible. And disgusting. Erin swallowed hard and forced her stomach to stay still.
“What’s that? How did you…?”
“Your cursed one bit me.”
Brunkr snarled at Erin. He cradled his hand, unable to touch it as more yellow pus dripped slowly out of the infected injury on his arm. Erin couldn’t look away from the horrible sight.
Whatever Mrsha had done, and Erin vaguely recalled her biting Brunkr only a bit, that small injury had turned into a full-scale infection that had taken over a good portion of Brunkr’s forearm. It was horrible, and clearly not healing.
“That’s bad.”
Both Brunkr and Krshia stared at Erin. She gulped again.
“That’s real bad. Um, Brunkr. Mrsha did this? Have you—I mean, I’m sorry, but she didn’t mean to do that. Have you had that looked at by a [Healer]? Or gotten a healing potion or something? If you need to, I can pay for—”
The male Gnoll made a sound of fury and turned away violently. Krshia pulled at Erin’s arm and whispered to her as the two stood by the door.
“It is not something curable with a healing potion, and the [Healers] cannot fix such an injury, Erin. Not ones from Liscor—and not ones from Celum, I fear. It is too far infected now. Only magic might save it, and few know healing spells for this.”
“Oh. Oh no.”
Erin didn’t know what to say. She understood the problem. Maybe Brunkr would be okay in her world, but here a healing potion and [Healer] were the only types of medicine available. And neither one was specialized in fighting diseases or infections.
“It is my doom, brought upon me. It will fall on the rest of you as well.”
Brunkr stood in a corner, holding his arm, not looking at the other two. He had heard every word they had said with his acute hearing.
His arm. It was a ghastly sight, but Erin couldn’t look away for some reason. She kept waiting for Brunkr to turn so she could stare at it again.
Her right hand twinged. Erin stared down at it, and remembered a similar sight. She looked at Krshia questioningly.
