3.39
Page 12
“She promised us that there’s more, but she was only willing to list those three weapons in case someone was reading our messages. I’d worry someone might try to steal the artifacts, but if she’s travelling in Magnolia Reinhart’s coach…”
“It might be that she was trying to spare our feelings.”
Pisces slumped in his chair. He seemed morose. Ceria shook her head.
“I don’t believe that.”
“Why not? Those are all of the weapons we recovered. Save for the sword blade—broken. What else could be of worth?”
“Plenty. There was that bag of holding—and the enchantments on the weapons are powerful.”
“I suppose they are.”
Pisces sighed as Ceria began listing the things that might be hidden inside the bag of holding they’d found, or the adventurer’s pack. Yvlon listened, occasionally adding a suggestion, and Ksmvr sat, looking from Pisces to Ceria.
The Horns of Hammerad were more nervous than happy about the items Ryoka had identified. Erin wondered if there really were more artifacts than the three weapons. It didn’t matter. Either way, her goal was to raise their spirits, so Erin interrupted Ceria and began explaining Christmasian theory. Again.
“Presents? I guess we could go out shopping. Only…”
“I’ll lend you some money. You can pay me back. I know you’re good for it.”
“Some adventuring group we are.”
Yvlon shook her head, but she was smiling at the thought of Christmas.
“You know, we did something similar. It wasn’t something as large as a present, but we’d get sweets during the winter solstice. I used to look forwards to that every year.”
“Sweets is a good present! Uh, especially since I didn’t make the list yet.”
Erin winced as she realized she’d have to run around and tell everyone who their secret two people were tomorrow. She left the Horns of Hammerad as she spotted someone else in the crowd.
“Selys! Selys!”
“Erin! Where have you been? I haven’t seen you for ages!”
The two laughed and sat down at another table. Selys was just about to tell Erin all about her troubles managing the guild with so many new adventurers when Erin remembered her magical soups and hurried into the kitchen to get them. She called over Halrac and some of the other adventurers as she explained how they worked.
“What do you think? Can I interest you in any of it?”
Ulrien, Halrac, Seborn, and Selys all stared dubiously down into the jar of blue, thick soup Erin had opened. It did not look appetizing, but after a second Halrac picked up the jar. He sniffed it once, and then gulped a mouthful down. Selys shuddered. Halrac’s face didn’t change as he handed it to Ulrien.
“Not bad. We don’t need it, but I can mention it to some [Scouts] I know.”
“You think they’d want it?”
Halrac raised his eyebrows.
“This? Oh yes. If they can move around with less clothing on, it’s less to carry and less noise. They’ll buy it.”
“Adventurers too. Anyone wearing armor in the snow will want this.”
Ulrien made a face as he swallowed. He pushed the jar over to Selys. The Drake raised her hands.
“I can get grandma—uh, the Guild to sell this. But I’m not drinking it.”
“Aw. Come on Selys, it’s not that bad. And it works! Just try it!”
“No.”
“Please?”
“No, Erin.”
“Pretty please?”
“No.”
“Well, okay. But wait until you see this potion! It makes your skin tough! Do you want to try it, Seborn?”
Sitting across the room, drinking some hot beef broth and wondering if she could get in on Erin’s business transaction, Octavia was just about to get up when a shadow blocked the light. She looked up and saw a Gnoll.
