3.39
Page 5
There were no shortages of volunteers. Erin soon found herself having Halrac carve a second and third board into the tables for people to play as the Soldiers went out to search for more stones.
“We really need round stones to play properly. But this is fine, I guess.”
“May I request your assistance in teaching me this game, Erin? I hope to learn as much as I can before Anand returns.”
Belgrade intercepted Erin before Pawn or Olesm could. Erin smiled at the Worker.
“Sure. Is that a bit of rivalry I hear?”
She was just teasing him, but the Antinium nodded to her great surprise. Erin blinked.
“I wish to beat Anand at this game. He is a better player than I, so I must practice more than he does.”
“Really? But I thought you two were closely matched. You were when I played you last time. Has something changed?”
Belgrade paused.
“Perhaps it is the difference of personality. Anand is far more decisive and bold than I. That is why he was chosen to remain behind at Esthelm. His ability to react to new situations is deemed invaluable. I can only memorize patterns and repeat them.”
He looked downcast. Erin reached out and patted him on the shoulder. Then she gave up and gave him a quick hug. As she did, she saw Zel standing by a far wall. He was watching the Antinium. Not with overt hostility like he did with Klbkch, but very intently. He was staring at Belgrade and Erin was sure he’d heard what the Antinium had said. Zel looked away the instant Erin saw him.
“Well, if Anand is so good at improvising, all you’ve got to do is study every chess move until you’re used to every possible outcome. Following your style isn’t bad, Belgrade. You’ve just got to be able to adapt.”
She led Belgrade over to a board and began to explain strategy. He shook his head dejectedly as Erin tried to get him to experiment while playing her.
“I fear making mistakes in experimentation. I prefer known strategy. I fear I will be poor at this game.”
“No you won’t!”
“But known tactics fail in the face of innovation. Anand is spontaneous, I am not. How can I ever defeat him?”
Erin had a reply ready, but to her intense surprise Zel came over and answered the question for her.
“Just because someone can adapt, doesn’t mean their strategy is better than a set formation. It’s a longstanding argument between [Planners] and [Leaders]. One kind—[Strategists] for instance—likes to plan for every eventuality. They see patterns in troop movements and in battle and react accordingly. But [Generals] like me just see opportunities. We act according to instinct.”
He nodded to Pawn as he walked over and stood over the board. He didn’t look happy, but there was something in the way Pawn turned to look at Zel that made Erin think they had talked before. Zel studied the board, frowning at the intersecting lines on which stones had been placed.
“There’s some overlap of course; most leaders learn basic formations and strategy, but there are few who can lead from the front and fight a war in their heads. But specialization isn’t all bad—you get weird freaks with classes like [Shadow General] or [Lightningstrike Commander] who can use one type of tactic very well.”
“Then I may succeed by using my set methods?”
“If you can adapt them for every situation, yes. Who’s to say one method can’t be used in most situations? So long as you have others who can support you—or you know when to retreat—I don’t see why not.”
That was what Belgrade needed to hear. He sat straighter and began to play a far more competitive game. Erin still beat him, but she felt good doing it.
“May I try?”
