3.39
Page 13
That wasn’t surprising around Liscor, Gnolls being a good percentage of the city’s population. But Octavia had met few Gnolls in Celum. She gulped as this one loomed over her. It—she—spoke in a deep, growling voice.
“Hrm. You are Octavia, yes?”
“Yes?”
Octavia squeaked. Krshia smiled, baring all of her teeth.
“I am Krshia. A [Shopkeeper]. I am told you may wish to let me sell your potions, yes? Let us talk business.”
“You? But I—did Erin—”
Octavia glanced helplessly towards Erin, but Krshia had already pulled out a seat. Octavia did her best to pull herself together. A customer was a customer, and she was a master at selling.
“Well, Miss, uh, Krshia, I’m one of the three best [Alchemists] in Celum. I don’t like to brag, but I’ve sold potions to Gold-rank adventurers and I get commissioned regularly to do research creating new potions. Now, my brews might not be the most standard, but I can assure you that my percentage is quite reasonable. A fifty percent cut of all profits is a good place to start, but I could—”
“Mm. What is your level?”
The [Alchemist] broke off nervously. Krshia was just staring at her, unblinkingly.
“My—my level? Well, I think that’s a personal issue, and as we all know, levels don’t always correspond to Skills of c—”
“I will sell your potions, but if they are lower quality, I must price them as such, yes? And then…well, we shall see. I have many levels in my class, and that must be weighed, yes? If I, a high-level [Shopkeeper], were to sell your potions, I should get a better cut, yes?”
“Well, yes, but no, but—let’s talk effort here. I’m brewing the potions—”
“But I sell them, yes? I must sell your potions. If I do not sell, no one will buy, yes? So which is more important?”
“Hold on—if I didn’t make potions—”
Octavia’s mouth was dry, but she didn’t dare take a sip from her cup. She was fighting for something far more important than her life. The battle for the bigger bottom line was fought quietly in one corner of the inn. Tears were shed, and a little bit of blood. But on the whole, Erin thought she’d done a good job, especially when she saw the look on Octavia’s face afterwards.
 
—-
 
“It’s a pain in the ass.”
Halrac was talking to Erin at a table late at night. She was trying to look as attentive as possible. She hadn’t gotten a chance to speak with him since she’d come back, and she knew the man wanted to talk with her, even if he wouldn’t say it.
That was how the night was going. Sit at a table and chat. But don’t sit too long, because someone else would want to speak with her. Erin’s eyes hurt. She wanted to close them, but her friends were more important.
“How’s it a pain? I mean, this is a dungeon so I know there’s lots of monsters…”
“Monsters we could handle. If it were a nest we’d deplete their numbers and destroy their home. But this is a magical dungeon, one where the rooms keep changing. A trap room we disarm one day might be gone the next, and in its place an entirely new trap, or a room full of monsters.”
“And the traps are really bad, right? I’ve heard stories from Relc.”
“They’re some of the worst I’ve seen.”
Halrac shook his head, looking grimmer than usual.
“I’ve seen deadlier—the one that got your friends is probably worse than most of the ones in this dungeon. But there are so many that we can’t make any headway. And when we come back the next day…”
“They’ve changed.”
Erin whistled quietly and Halrac nodded. He took a sip of the drink Erin had made especially for him. There was just a drop of the faerie flower nectar in it, enough to take the edge of the day off.
