3.39
Page 14
“So far, a lot of kids have gotten killed and the others are making no headway. We’re the only group that’s gone in, and we have nothing to show for it.”
“Is there any hope? Or do you just…have to get lucky?”
Halrac shrugged.
“Right now we’re trying to identify all the rooms on rotation. If we can figure out the trick behind most of them, we might be able to break through to the next area. Then it’s just a matter of anchoring ourselves at that point. There are ways to stop a magical dungeon from changing. But it’s the crevasse the Mrsha child found that interests me. It goes straight down into another part of the dungeon.”
“And that’s good, right?”
“Maybe.”
The [Scout] seemed incapable of optimism. For good reason, as he explained to Erin.
“The problem with that is if we go down there, we’re walking into an attack on all sides. Multiple traps with wide ranges might come at us, and there are plenty of strong monsters down there. The dungeon is infested. When we went down to save the child, we ran into eight different species, some of which were fighting each other. If we hadn’t all been high-level, we wouldn’t have made it out.”
“Thank you for doing that, Halrac.”
“It was nothing. You should thank Zel Shivertail instead. He was the one who killed the most monsters.”
“Do you think he’d like to go into the dungeon with you guys?”
Erin saw Halrac smile, just once. She smiled too; her mission was partly accomplished.
“Him? He’s no adventurer. I wouldn’t have ever expected to fight beside him, but it was…good to see. But he wouldn’t risk his neck down there. It’ll be us.”
“And it’s worth doing?”
“Who knows?”
Halrac raised his eyebrows.
“There could be nothing down there, or an artifact beyond our wildest imagination. But we’re going to look anyways, because that’s what adventurers do.”
“Well, you can stay as long as you like. And I’ll have good food and a warm bed for you—and I want to see if Pisces really can rig up some kind of emergency teleport stone. If he does…I want you to all have one.”
Halrac smiled.
“You’re an odd [Innkeeper], Miss Solstice.”
“I know!”
“Thank you. It’s…pleasant being here.”
Erin smiled at him, and felt her eyes threatening to close.
“That’s all I want to hear. Would you like a refill?”
 
—-
 
And then it was night time. Somehow, everyone had vanished, leaving Erin alone in her inn. She sat at a table, head resting against the wall. It was dark. Snow was falling. Everyone had gone.
And Erin was beyond tired. She was so tired she had passed into that special realm where she was too tired to sleep. She stared out the window as the snow fell and made to bury the world. One last hurrah, before the weather turned and the world slowly began to warm.
“It’s going to be very, very deep tomorrow…I’ll have to shovel it…can’t open the door I bet…”
Erin murmured dreamily to herself, slurring the words. They were just fragments of thought, things she had to do. She had so much to do.
“I forgot to get a Christmas tree. Oh well. I guess I can try tomorrow…”
One day to get everyone to buy presents. She had to figure out who would get what first—probably before she talked to anyone. So now or before dawn. And Erin had to get presents herself, get ready for the party—buy more food, figure out traditional Christmasy foods, decorate the inn…
If she pushed the date back she’d have more time. But Christmas came before the New Year’s, didn’t it? And the winter solstice was…well, as close to a New Year as this world had. The Frost Faeries probably only cared about the solstice, anyways.
“Solstice.”
