3.39
Page 2
“They didn’t do that to my food—I’m sure of—but if I—”
She turned green. Erin waved a hand in front of her face and Lyonette came out of her trance.
“Well? I’m not saying you should, but…”
Both girls stared at the innocent sandwich. They shook their heads at roughly the same time.
“It’s not worth it. Besides, that’s disgusting.”
“Yeah. It’s not the sandwich’s fault.”
Lyonette nodded. She frowned, and then went over to the cutting board where some of the ingredients were left over. She took an unused mushroom and diced it up into very fine pieces, hiding them in the melted cheese. Erin smiled as Lyonette closed the sandwich.
“Hey Revi, you aren’t allergic to mushrooms or anything, right? If it touches your skin, you won’t break out in hives or swell up, because if you are—”
“I’m fine. Thank you.”
Revi took the plate from Erin without a glance and began eating it with a knife and fork. Erin winked as Lyonette came out of the kitchen with more food for the buffet table. That was a small victory in her books.
“Oh, you don’t need to eat the food here! I’m sorry, I forgot!”
She stopped Pawn as he was about to fill his plate. Lyonette hurried into the kitchen and came out with—
“Bees?”
The Drakes and Humans behind the Antinium took a step back. But all the Antinium perked up.
“I fried these in oil and then melted some cheese over them. Ksmvr says it’s good.”
Lyonette explained as she sat the Antinium at another table. With Erin’s help all of them had a few bees to eat, and Ksmvr came over as well to get his bugs. Erin sat next to Pawn and Bird, trying not to watch them eat as she slurped down her food.
Pawn was already pulling the legs off of his bee and crunching them down, but Belgrade and Bird stared at their food as if entranced.
“Well? Are you hungry? Or do you not like bees?”
“It is not that, Miss Erin. I have been waiting a long time for this moment. I wish to savor it.”
Belgrade stared at the bee dripping oil onto his plate. Bird stared at his bee and then picked it up. He spoke dreamily.
“They look like tiny birds. Bee birds.”
Erin glanced over, and saw Pawn and Belgrade shrug. She shrugged too, and began to eat. This was lunch. And since she hadn’t made it, Erin was a very happy [Innkeeper] indeed.
Work interrupted her before she’d finished eating, though. The door opened and a familiar blue-scaled Drake walked in.
“Erin?”
His face fell when he saw all of her visitors.
“If you’re busy, I can go. I’d hate to interrupt—”
“Olesm! No, I’m just finishing my lunch and Lyonette can serve everyone food and drinks. Uh, you can do that, right Lyonette? If you need a hand—”
“I’ve got two!”
Lyonette waved at Erin and smiled as she went past. Mrsha, trotting beside Lyonette, sat on her bum and waggled all four paws. Erin grinned and turned to Olesm.
“Want to sit? How about next to Pawn? You can eat mushroom stir-fry and tell me what’s happened, and then I’ll teach you all how to play Go!”
Olesm perked up and sat happily with Erin. He took one look at what the Antinium were eating and declined to have lunch.
“So, tell me everything that’s happened to you!”
“Only if you’ll tell me what happened! I heard a bit from Klbkch, but where did you go, Erin? That skeleton, Toren, did something, didn’t he?”
“You don’t know?”
A sea of Antinium and one Drake all shook their heads. Erin blinked.
“Okay. Then in that case, it all started when I was going to get more honey. I was in the sled with Toren pulling it and I took a tiny, teensy nap…”
