3.39
Page 1
A trip into the kitchen and the Soldiers had bowls to hold instead of plates. Erin smiled as she stood with the Antinium in line, watching the queue pass the buffet line. Everyone was hungry, but they’d stood aside to let the adventurers go first. And Zel. All the Drakes practically ushered him to the front, despite his reluctance.
“Klbkch sends his regards. He wished to meet you at the inn, but he has pressing business in the Hive. I believe he will attempt to visit you tonight, if his duties allow.”
“Of course he will.”
Erin sighed, but smiled at Belgrade. She watched as ahead of her, the Horns of Hammerad reached the table and began filling their plates.
“Silver and steel you two, eat something that isn’t meat or bread!”
Yvlon snapped exasperatedly at Ceria and Pisces. Both had gone for the sliced beef, completely skipping the vegetables. Ksmvr and Yvlon had a more balanced plate, but the two mages looked completely unapologetic.
“I’m a half-Elf. I used to eat leaves for breakfast. I’ve had enough of them for one lifetime, thank you.”
Pisces nodded.
“And I—”
He hesitated, eyed the slices of beef and added two more to his full plate. Then he turned and walked away. Yvlon rolled her eyes and made a disgusted face, but she followed her friends to the table.
“My body is dead, so uh, I can eat unhealthy.”
Jelaqua grinned as she emulated Ceria’s style. Erin saw Lyonette hurry into the kitchen—probably to cook what meat they had left. Erin resolved to order a lot more from Krshia when she went to the city again. Her feet were already aching.
“If you’re dead, why would it matter what you eat? Surely you can’t taste anything.”
That came from Typhenous. Jelaqua turned, pretending to be offended.
“I’ll have you know that I keep my body’s tongue in perfect condition see? Now, some other organs are a bit the worse for wear, but taste is something everyone likes.”
“True. Now move, you’re holding up the line.”
Seborn edged past Jelaqua. He and Moore had balanced plates, Moore with more vegetable and bread than meat.
Griffon Hunt came next. Ulrien, Halrac and Typhenous got their food without objection, but when Revi reached the head of the table she took one look at the spread and made a face.
“I don’t like mushrooms.”
Halrac growled at her.
“Then get the beef.”
“I don’t want to eat just meat for lunch.”
Erin hurried out of line, already slapping her I’m-sorry-you-suck smile onto her face.
“What’s the problem, Revi?”
“Nothing here really appeals to me.”
The Stitch-girl turned her nose up at the food. Erin kept smiling.
“Okay, why don’t I make you a sandwich? Toasted bread, cheese, some sliced ham and greens?”
“I suppose that will do.”
Revi sighed and nodded. Erin hurried into the kitchen, but not before she’d passed Zel and heard him mutter.
“Mages.”
It was the work of a minute to put together a lovely sandwich. No problem at all, really. But Erin had had to do it, which was what sucked. Lyonette was apologetic.
“I should have made something for Revi.”
“No, you shouldn’t. She’s just picky.”
Erin made a face as she used a pair of tongs to toast the sandwich to perfection by the kitchen fire. She pulled the sandwich away as her Skill told her it was done—it was like an egg timer going off in Erin’s head—and tossed it onto a plate.
“You know, I’ve heard that when [Chefs] and [Waiters] don’t like the people they’re serving, they spit in the food.”
“Ew! Do you think—do they really do that?”
Erin didn’t see why Lyonette was so upset, but the girl was staring off into the horrific abyss of recollection.
