3.39
Page 11
Relc spotted a plate with apple slices sitting on a table. After a surreptitious look around, he happily crunched down the slices, still as fresh and as crisp as when they’d been cut, which was yesterday.
Erin stared at Relc, and then smiled.
“Everything going well?”
“Hm?”
He jumped guiltily and then turned to her.
“Oh. Hey Erin.”
“Hey, Relc.”
They stood in silence for a few seconds. Then Erin gestured to the table.
“Want some food? Today’s dish is beef broth, mashed potatoes, roast beef, gravy, mushroom-and-meat skewers, boiled greens—those tube greens, you know—and honey-drizzled steamed carrots. What would you like?”
Relc gave Erin a pleading look.
“Can I have…everything?”
She smiled. Some things didn’t change. In this at least, she was glad.
“Sure. Coming right up!”
When he was eating happily, Erin sat with Relc and—talked. Just for a little bit.
“So you’ve really been good?”
He paused, licking the spoonful of potatoes with a long tongue.
“Can’t complain. That damn dungeon’s spitting out monsters now and then, but Captain Z’s got us guarding in shifts and we’ve built some fortifications. Really, the most annoying part is all the adventurers coming in and out.”
“Why, are they rude to you?”
“Yeah! They look down their noses on the way in, and on the way out they run to us with their tails tucked between their legs, begging us to stop the icky monsters.”
Relc laughed and Erin smiled.
“Sounds like a lot of work. I’m just glad you’re okay.”
“Well…you know me. I’m tough!”
Relc thumped his chest and looked sideways at Erin.
“You got rid of that skeleton thing, right?”
“Yeah. I had to.”
“Good. I mean, it was going to go bad. You can’t trust the undead.”
“I guess not.”
“And the uh, Goblins are gone. I didn’t do anything!”
“I know.”
Silence. For once, Erin didn’t have much to say. Relc was a friend. He had been a friend. But after a while, she stood up.
“If you want anything else, just yell. Lyonette and I can handle it.”
“Sure.”
Relc turned awkwardly to his food. Then he looked at Erin.
“That Gnoll kid you’ve got there—I heard some of the guys talking in the barracks about her. White fur’s bad, right?”
Erin hesitated.
“I think so. To Gnolls.”
“Yeah. But they’re stupid. It’s good that you took her in. Real good.”
Relc and Erin paused, full of words unspoken. Then Erin nodded and walked away. Someone was calling her name.
She chanced upon the Horns of Hammerad after she’d helped serve more alcohol. They were sitting at their own table, talking amongst themselves. The topic happened to be the items Ryoka had analyzed.
“We couldn’t get a reply from her, but what she said sounded good. Really good.”
Ceria told Erin as she slid into a seat. The half-Elf sounded like she was half-trying to convince herself. Yvlon nodded, as did Ksmvr, but Pisces looked less sanguine. Ceria began listing off the items, keeping her voice low as she whispered to Erin.
“A magical sword with the weight enchantment—a good one. That’s powerful. A buckler with a spelled defense? That’s Gold-rank gear right there, for Yvlon probably. And that dagger? Valuable. Pisces, you or I could use it, or Ksmvr could wield it in his off-hand…”
“And that’s all.”
Pisces took a deep draft from his tankard.
“That’s all, Springwalker. We don’t know more, so we don’t know if that’s it, or if Ryoka found something truly of worth.”
“She didn’t tell you anything else?”
Yvlon shook her head.
