3.39
Page 8
“I said no. I’m not doing any more research for you. You’re trouble. Every time I do something for you, I end up with a melted cauldron, or a hole in my shop, or a hole in my wall. I’m not helping you.”
“What? But—I can pay.”
“Too bad. It’s not worth the cost.”
“I think it is. Here—”
Erin reached for her money pouch, but Octavia snapped at her.
“Erin, no. I have several orders I need to fill, not to mention a gaping hole in the front of my shop! I won’t just let you—”
She broke off as Erin produced a fistful of coins. She slapped them on the table. They were heavy, thick coins. All gold.
Octavia swallowed. Hard. But she held her ground, though the luster of the softly glowing gold had fixed her eyes on them.
“A few gold coins won’t—”
Erin reached into her pouch and pulled more out. Octavia’s mouth stopped working for a few seconds.
“Look, I have a job to do and—”
Erin kept placing gold coins on the counter. She had to pile them up; she was counting. It wasn’t like she was made of money, but she had to make this right for Octavia.
In the end, thirty six gold coins sat in neat stacks of six in front of Octavia. The [Alchemist] gaped at them, and then looked up at Erin.
“That’s for your door, and hiring you. You can sell what I’m going to have you make, but I want to hire you. Is that okay?”
Octavia stared at the coins, and then looked at Erin. She glanced over Erin’s shoulder at the hole in her wall, and went back to the coins. Coins, Erin, broken wall. And then she threw her arms wide.
“Always a pleasure, always a pleasure to help my best customer! Hole in the wall? What hole? I was thinking I needed a new front for the shop anyways!”
Erin smiled. She looked Octavia in the eye.
“I’m really sorry, Octavia. I haven’t been a good friend to you.”
Octavia paused, and grew a bit more genuine as she raked the gold coins into a drawer.
“Well, it’s not like it wasn’t for a good cause. And the publicity! I suppose I can let it go. Especially if you’re paying me like this. Actually, for this rate, knock another wall down whenever you want! Now, what’s this about some experimentation?”
Erin smiled. She opened her mouth and then stared hard at Octavia. The [Alchemist] paused.
“What?”
“You haven’t eaten yet! Don’t pretend! I can tell when you haven’t—Lyonette!”
Erin opened the door to her inn and yelled into it.
“Get me some leftovers for Octavia, stat!”
Five minutes later, Octavia was eating from a plate as if she hadn’t eaten all week while Erin explained what she wanted.
“So what I want is a match stick, see? The thing you strike and the match box. Now, Ryoka says that the thing to make the side of the box is phosphorus. Um, red phosphorus.”
“What’s that?”
“I have no idea. It’s red, and uh, a rock, I think. It’s good for…igniting things?”
Erin raised her hands as Octavia’s face clearly showed what she thought of Erin’s description.
“I’m sorry! I don’t know! Ryoka could tell you more—ask her if you need details! But the match head is simple. It’s sulfur and other stuff. It just…lights up when you rub it on something. Like this.”
Octavia watched with interest as Erin demonstrated. She already had a sketch of the matches and matchbox, and she was tapping her fingers thoughtfully as she turned to look around her shop. At last she nodded.
“I can do some research and see what might work like this ‘phosphorus’. But look, Erin. Anyone can make fire with a flint and steel. Or a spell. And fire starters do exist. Ever seen a blaze bomb? Nasty. It’s made with the scales of a Ignition Salamander and Corusdeer horns you see, and when it explodes it—”
