3.39
Page 7
Everything mattered. Small things became big things, like how a clean inn was wonderful. So Erin helped Lyonette clean up for half an hour after her guests had finished, and then told Lyonette she was heading out. Again.
Only this time, Erin didn’t take the door leading to the outside world. She took the door to Octavia’s shop.
“Hey Octavia! I’m—”
Erin stopped and stared. Octavia was standing at her counter and she had a customer.
The man at the counter gave Erin an odd look, mainly because she was staring at him like he was some new, undocumented species never seen before. He accepted a potion that bubbled brightly pink in a stoppered vial and hurried away.
“Who was that? Why was he here?”
“That was a customer, and he was buying a potion. What the potion was isn’t your business.”
Octavia scowled at Erin as the girl approached the counter. The [Alchemist] seemed irked today for some reason.
“Aw. You can’t tell me? Why not?”
“Confidentiality. [Alchemists] don’t reveal what they’ve sold on principle. You could be an adventurer or a [Barber], but some of what I sell—”
“Was it a love potion? Or…is it like a healing potion for something icky?”
Octavia ignored the questions. She glared at Erin.
“Do you need something? Or are you just using my shop as a rest stop?”
“I’ve got business! For you!”
Erin smiled at Octavia, but for once even the word ‘business’ didn’t make the Stitch-girl jolly. Octavia folded her arms. Erin’s smile slipped.
“What? Did I do something?”
“Oh, nothing. I’m just waiting for you to figure it out.”
It took Erin a few seconds. She knew Octavia’s shop had been the delivery point for all of Celum’s goods and the people sent through, but it was for a good cause! So why—
Erin’s head turned and she saw the problem. The front wall of Octavia’s shop that led out into the street…was gone. Someone had knocked the entire wall down, and it was now patched up by a collection of plywood planks. It wasn’t a good seal. Wind was blowing into the shop through the cracks.
“Oh. Uh, is that—”
“They knocked it in. To fit a wagon into my shop.”
Octavia’s tone could have frozen boiling water. She pointed at the front of her store.
“I was reimbursed for that, but hardly enough. You may note how I haven’t had it fixed yet? That’s because the cost of wood is very high in the winter. And guess who gets to pay for that? Not the city. Me.”
“Sorry.”
Erin took a deep breath. She felt guilty, and changed what she’d planned on doing. She put her hands on Octavia’s counter.
“I’ll pay you back for that. But can we talk business?”
The [Alchemist] wavered. An epic battle between mercantilism and personal irritation lasted for all of fifteen seconds, before she grudgingly nodded.
“What do you want?”
“I need all my magical soups. You know, the ones you were holding for me for a ‘storage fee’?”
Octavia hesitated.
“I have them. I may have sold one or two—but I have your cut right here and I would be happy to reimburse you for the cost of—”
“Okay.”
Erin didn’t blink. Octavia looked at her, surprised, and decided not to question it. She went into the back of her shop and came out with a bunch of bottles full of soupy liquids.
“That will be—”
“Hold on, you can combine that with my next order.”
“Next order?”
“I want you to do some research! I think you can make this one thing I want right away—it’s called a ‘match’, and I need you to make it for me. Ryoka says it’s simple, but this other thing is really hard. It’s called ‘penicillin’, right, and—”
“No.”
“Excuse me?”
Octavia glared at Erin.
