3.39
Page 3
Catching up with Olesm took half an hour of talk. Erin was aware of time passing and cut her story short, but she just had to pause when she’d heard what Olesm had done.
“A chess newsletter? That’s so amazing, Olesm! Can I subscribe? Oh—and what’s the latest puzzle? You do chess puzzles, right?”
Olesm’s light blue scales turned bright as he blushed. He traced on the table with a claw as Erin exclaimed over the letters he’d sent to other cities.
It was a simple collection of parchments, not anything like a magazine or newspaper. One was an annotated game—one of the ones she’d played, if Erin wasn’t mistaken!—and another was an explanation of how to read chess notation. Another paper held a chess puzzle someone had made.
“Ooh. Not bad.”
Erin solved the puzzle in three moves and handed it back to Olesm. His jaw dropped.
“You can’t have just—”
“I solved one like that ages ago. It’s good, though!”
“I got that one from the best [Strategists] in…oh, never mind.”
Olesm handed Erin another piece of parchment.
“Please, look at this.”
It was another annotated game, but not one Erin had played. To her eye, it was a fairly interesting back-and-forth between two decently skilled players. But what was really interesting was the attached commentary. Three full pages filled with comments from both players and two other [Tacticians] provided a decent analysis of every move made.
“Olesm, this is so cool. I’m so glad you’re doing this!”
“Well, I got the idea from watching you play. I sent some letters out and got a great response, so I’ve been sending more out each week! I’ve got over twenty readers so far, and I’m told my letters get passed around to lots more people! And it’s very profitable!”
Olesm puffed out his chest. Erin smiled. Internally, she was remorseful. She never had time to play chess anymore, or so it seemed! All that time in Celum and she hadn’t picked up a pawn once. Chess was her thing!
“Can you give me all your old letters? I’d love to solve a chess puzzle or two.”
“Erin, your puzzles are the ones I’ve been using!”
“Aw. No. Really? You’ve got to get more! And twenty people is great, but why not send this to [Tacticians] all over the world?”
“Don’t stop there. Is the inventor of chess not Niers Astoragon? He and the [Strategists] in Baleros might find your work very useful.”
Pawn put down the parchment he was holding and looked at Olesm. The Drake fidgeted in his chair. His tail lashed the legs of the table in his agitation.
“I wouldn’t dream of sending my small work to him, but perhaps if someone were to mention it to Master Astoragon—well, I’d need for a lot more people to read my work before I’d be confident sending it to Baleros.”
“Why? Because it’s expensive?”
“Well…[Tacticians] are held in such high regard there, I would hate to embarrass myself. Not that I think your games are anything but perfect, Erin! But it’s just…”
“You should do it.”
Belgrade stared at Olesm. Bird looked up from his bee.
“Yes. I agree with what Belgrade is saying. You should do this thing I know nothing of.”
Pressured on all sides, Olesm could only stammer about ‘improving the quality of his publication’. Erin laughed, and decided not to push him further. He, at least, seemed like he was doing well on his own.
“Maybe you can add this to your next newsletter. I’ll teach you all how to play Go while you’re here!”
“Really?”
Olesm, Pawn, and Belgrade all sat up. Erin nodded.
“All we need are some stones and a board. I figure we can make one—uh—”
