3.40
Page 13
An empire. Laken didn’t say it out loud. Ryoka stared at him, and wondered. He was likeable, smart, and he cared about people. But he was an [Emperor]. What would come from that?
They didn’t speak much about the future after that. Ryoka drew a bit more on the parchment, and discussed water mills with Laken. He offered her tips on dealing with Frost Faeries, and she convinced him to make Ivolethe an archduchess.
And then for an hour they laughed and talked about home. Laken told Ryoka about what he did for a living—he was ostensibly unemployed since his parents were fairly rich, but he worked with other people with disabilities and led blind tours as well. She told him about Erin and her own backstory. Mainly anecdotes of her run-ins with authority.
“An American rebel, huh? Tell me you ride a motorcycle and I’ll ask for an autograph.”
And then Durene knocked on the door, and Frostwing woke up, and the moment ended. Ryoka stood up, and Laken did too as he tapped his bird on the beak.
“Hush, Frostwing. Say goodbye to Ryoka. She’s got to go.”
“I’ll be in the city until tomorrow, I think. I have to do something quick. Hell, I might not leave until tomorrow night. You can find me at Magnolia Reinhart’s mansion…it might be better if you wait until I come into the city. I’ll find you tomorrow, how about that?”
“Sounds good. Durene? Ryoka’s going to go, but we have a lot to talk about. Can you call Gamel up?”
Ryoka paused next to Laken.
“You’re going to tell her everything?”
“I trust her. And the less secrets there are in this world, the better.”
She hesitated.
“I wish I could be more like you. But I can’t.”
He made a face.
“I think you’re fine the way you are, Miss Ryoka Griffin. Someone needs to be the cynical bastard who watches our backs.”
She laughed.
“I can do that. Good luck. See you later.”
And then she was gone. Laken sat back on his bed, and lay on his back as Durene came back into the room with Gamel. He didn’t look up as Durene sat carefully on the bed and everything tilted towards her.
“Durene?”
“Yes, Laken?”
“Where’s Wistram?”
 
—-
 
Ryoka endured Reynold’s sniffling and very hostile remarks as she walked down the street. The snow was falling thickly around them, but that didn’t muffle his acidic comments.
“Look, I’m sorry. I didn’t know Ivolethe would go that far. But I did warn you.”
“I’m simply doing my job, Miss Ryoka.”
“Yeah, well, take it up with Magnolia. Or Ressa.”
“I believe I’d rather follow you, Miss.”
“It’s your funeral. Look, it’s one last trip and then we can go home and you can sit in front of a fire.”
“Where to, Miss?”
“Back to Hedault. I have to do something.”
Reynold’s eyebrows rose, but Ryoka didn’t elaborate.
If Hedault was surprised to see Ryoka back so soon, he opened the door readily enough.
“Why have you returned?”
“I’m going to sell you the wand.”
It was refreshing not to have to beat around the bush with him. Ryoka saw Hedault’s eyebrows rise, but the [Enchanter] didn’t miss a beat.
“I can have the gold pieces prepared for you within the hour. I will also provide a second bag of holding as the first will not be able to support the weight—”
“Hold on. I’m not looking for gold. You’re going to pay me something else. Something more.”
Hedault paused. He stared at Ryoka, and then at Reynold, whose jaw was fully open.
“My price is final, and calculated on the wand’s probable value. I will not change it.”
“Don’t give me that.”
Ryoka sighed as she found a seat in the [Enchanter]’s living room and sank into it. He stared at her as she put her feet up. She felt exhausted. Ryoka stared at him.
