3.40
Page 6
“They inhabit the southern parts, yes. Invrisil is sort of an exception—it’s a major city so a lot of races come here. But you’ll generally find only Humans in the north.”
“I understand. Durene’s village is totally Human save for her.”
“Hm.”
The two sat in silence for another second. Ryoka sat still in her chair; Laken wiggled around, wondering if there was something that he was sitting on. A fork, maybe? Whatever it was, it was poking into his butt.
Unnoticed by the two of them, a third being was present in the room, listening. Ivolethe sat in Ryoka’s pouch, listening carefully. The Frost Faerie considered that her sisters would have hated the conversation between Ryoka and Laken. It wasn’t a thing of majesty or destiny. But it was important.
“I guess we should talk.”
“Yes, I guess we should.”
The boy and girl sat across from each other. They were old, but still young by the way the faerie reckoned such things. They had gone through sorrows, gone through trials. But they were still young. So young.
It was the girl who spoke first. She hesitated as she chewed at a lip, glancing towards the closed doors. Durene and Gamel stood behind it, but Ryoka knew the danger wasn’t something she could see.
“It’s complicated, you know? I want to say what’s on my mind but—”
“You did mention. Watchers and such.”
“Yeah. But if we assume we lost them or they can’t hear us—which I don’t—I’m fairly certain someone’s using magic to listen in.”
Laken raised his eyebrows calmly.
“Well, it’s not like we have anything to hide.”
“Hah.”
“Okay, fine. But how are you proposing we solve this problem? I have something I need to say which will clarify things.”
“I’m in the same boat. I can say that I have a friend—Erin Solstice who’s from our world straight off, but the rest is harder.”
“Someone else? You mentioned that—what’s she like?”
“Age wise? She’s twenty. Besides that, she’s…a normal girl. Sort of. She’s American, like me.”
“Interesting. I’m twenty-four. Not American. Can I assume you’re around that age?”
“Twenty one. You don’t look that old. You’re part German. Is there another half?”
Laken smiled.
“My mom’s German, but she married my dad in France. I’ve grown up all over Europe, though. As to my face—I’m told I have a youthful complexion.”
Ryoka had to smile. She glanced at the door and frowned.
“Good to know. I don’t think any of this is too bad to mention, but the rest…damn, I don’t know. Erin would probably come up with some special way of figuring this out. Flush out the spies with a crazy scheme and dispel the enchantments with an insane trick or just luck.”
“She sounds quite interesting.”
“She’s an [Innkeeper]. Look, I’m getting annoyed. Maybe we should just go for broke. What do you think? I doubt anyone knows German.”
“Wahrscheinlich. But can you speak it? I don’t want to be rude, but your pronunciation—”
“I know. But I’ve got a dictionary-encyclopedia. It’s an app—I might have to ask for spelling, but I can translate short sentences.”
“That’s…amazingly useful. In that case, translate this. Ich bin ein [Kaiser].”
It took Ryoka only a second to figure out what Laken had said. She didn’t need to use her iPhone. Instead, she dropped it. She fumbled around on the ground, heart beating wildly. When she sat back up she stared at Laken’s face.
“You’re lying.”
“I’m not. I know it’s surprising, but it’s true. What about you?”
“I don’t have a class. I’m a Runner without the class. But you—get out.”
“It’s true!”
Laken smiled. He had no way of seeing Ryoka’s face, but her tone made her feelings clear.
