3.40
Page 9
“Let me do a sketch. It’s all about keeping the heat in, more than letting it out—on that note, what about agricultural implements? I’d have to do more thinking, but the heavy plough is a good invention to check on.”
“I’m familiar with a plough—sort of. What’s the heavy one do?”
“It’s really just a way to make it better. You have wheels and…nah, it’s really just the wheels that change it. It lets a farmer move faster, reduces the burden, et cetera. See?”
“No, I don’t. But go ahead.”
He heard a chuckle.
“Okay…I’m drawing a diagram, but just ask whether the [Farmers] in your village use wheels on their ploughs. I’ll write down what I know about crop rotation too—”
They continued in that vein for a few more minutes. Then Laken switched the issue over to protection.
“I don’t think a palisade’s going to stop a monster, do you?”
“It’s worth a shot. A wall would be better.”
Ryoka raised her eyebrows as she sketched out the cross section of a wall. Laken had another thought.
“If we’re talking about walls, then what about trebuchets? You wouldn’t happen to know—”
“Hah. If you’re fighting monsters the size of castles, maybe. But they’re a pain in the ass to aim. Just build a catapult; you can probably figure out how. Actually, now that I think of it…a ballista might be easier than an onager.”
“Okay? What’s an onager?”
“That’s a catapult. The classic kind that hurls things like a spoon.”
“Oh. Yes, I could see that being useful.”
“I’ll write down how to make both for you.”
“And that’s not classified? I thought we were trying to reduce the spread of dangerous weapons.”
“I did my research. They’re already in use. The Drakes have them on some of their city walls, and they’re used around the world. The trick is that most people can’t build them. You have to have the [Engineer] class to build one.”
“Ah. No one bothers to learn. They just use a class.”
“Yep. But you can probably whip one together…just be careful with the tension on the rope. Build some prototypes and test them—carefully. Look, I’ll write this down and you can have someone read it. I’m sure your villagers can find some decent rope to use.”
“I’m sure they’ve got something. Okay, how about barns?”
“Barns?”
“Do you have a better way of building them, or something?”
“Good point. I can definitely tell you how to make a log wall…that’s just cutting the logs right. Uh…I don’t know about other building techniques. Let me get back to you on that. Shame there’s no metalworking industry or you could try mass-producing things like ring-shank nails…”
“You’re losing me here.”
Ryoka smiled as she bent over the parchment. She was running out of room. But surprisingly, she was enjoying her conversation with Laken. Did she trust him? A bit. A little bit.
An [Emperor]. She couldn’t imagine it. But he sat like one, or—perhaps the beginnings of one. She saw that now.
Emperor Norton. She remembered that story! The crazy guy who declared himself the Emperor of the United States. People might remember that story, but how many would think to do it here?
Not many. Ryoka had never dreamed of that. And it wasn’t just that. Could anyone really just become an [Emperor] by willing it? No. You had to have something else, or anyone could be an [Emperor], right? You had to have…
“The arrogance of a God.”
“Excuse me?”
“Nothing. What was I saying?”
Ryoka went to dip her quill in the inkpot. She wished she had a pen. As she did, she glanced at the window, still ajar. She wondered when Ivolethe would come back—
