3.40
Page 3
“I don’t trust you.”
“Okay.”
Possessiveness, that was it. Ryoka remembered how Durene hovered around Laken. She was treating him like…
A few thoughts flashed through Ryoka’s mind. Dependency? Probably. She could imagine what might occur when Laken had come to this world. Blind guy meets half-Troll. A reverse case of Beauty and the Beast. But the beast is actually a girl who was afraid of losing the one person who didn’t fear her.
“I’m not your enemy. And I’m not going to do anything to Laken. I just want to talk with him.”
“Why?”
Ryoka bit her tongue. Durene’s tone told her there was no good answer she could give. She knew that because it was the exact same tone of voice she used to use when talking with her father.
“Look, is Laken in there? Laken—”
“He’s sleeping. You can come back later.”
Durene shifted so more of her body was in the way. Ryoka stared up at her. Well, there were several ways this could go.
“Can you wake him up? I need to talk to him now. I’m sorry if that’s a problem, but it’s urgent.”
“No. He’s tired. You can come back later. If you try to come in, I’ll stop you.”
One of Durene’s hands closed. Ryoka eyed it and put her hands on her belt. She knew Ivolethe was sitting in her belt pouch, but it wasn’t that Ryoka was reaching for. At her belt, there were several potions Octavia had given her. Ryoka put her fingers on one of them, second from the right.
“Look, I understand you’re Laken’s…protector. And girlfriend. I’m not here to do anything to him, but I need to talk with him. And you shouldn’t start a fight here.”
“Oh yeah? Why not? I could stop you.”
“No, you couldn’t.”
Ryoka sighed. She yanked the potion free from her belt in one move. Durene blinked down at it. Ryoka put her thumb on the cork—
And handed it to Durene.
“Here.”
The huge girl stared dumbfounded at the potion. She peered at Ryoka suspiciously.
“What’s this?”
“A pepper potion. Toss it at your opponent and they’ll go blind. Be careful—if it gets in your eyes you’ll be screaming about it all day. If you’re going to go around picking fights, at least get some magical items and a weapon.”
Durene looked uneasy as she held the potion.
“Were you going to hit me with this?”
“No, I’d use a spell and blind you first and then I’d hit you with the potion. Actually, I’d probably just blow up this entire corridor and run downstairs while everything burns down.”
Ryoka had two bags of compressed flour and the blaze potions. She didn’t know if it would actually hurt Durene that badly; she had a feeling that would only piss the girl off. But it made Durene stop and think.
“Keep the potion. You’ll probably need it. If it’s you—you could probably pour it on your hands and just punch people in the face. Not that they’re likely to get up after you hit them, but it’s a thought. Just don’t touch your eyes until after you’ve washed them thoroughly—with soap. Can I talk to Laken now?”
Durene just stared at Ryoka. She hesitated, looked down at the potion with bits of red pepper floating in it, and over her shoulder.
“Wait here. I’ll wake him up.”
Ryoka waited patiently. She heard Reynold come up the stairs—the [Butler] looked as though he’d had to tear himself physically away from the innkeeper.
A few voices muttered inside, and then the door opened. Durene let Ryoka walk in, but blocked Reynold.
“Ryoka can talk. Everyone else stays outside.”
Reynold protested, but Ryoka didn’t hear his conversation with Durene. The first thing she saw when entering Laken’s room made her stop in place. Because she’d seen Frostwing.
