3.40
Page 7
“No, seriously, get out. Run away as far as you can. Do you have any idea how bad that is?”
“Bad? Why? Because of your—your Daenerys-like friend?”
“Yes! Not just her—Ivolethe!”
Ryoka shouted the faerie’s name. Laken jumped, and then gaped as the faerie floated upwards and spoke.
 
“What do ye want, Ryoka?”
 
“Go downstairs and flush out the spies. Please? And if there are enchantments, dispel them. Please. This is important.”
The faerie considered the request. Then she reluctantly nodded.
 
“I shall bring havoc! From the outside.”
 
She flew out the window as Laken tried to find words.
“Was that—a Frost Faerie?”
“You’ve met them?”
“Yes! Hell, I knighted a few of them. But they helped save Durene’s cottage from an avalanche—or caused it and spared her home. I’m not sure of which.”
“Well, I’m friends with one. Look, sit down. I’ll explain as much as I can—but the Frost Faeries probably didn’t cause the avalanche. They don’t kill, although they do pull horrible pranks.”
Ryoka and Laken sat down as, below them, they heard confused shouting. Ivolethe’s laughter was drowned out as she buzzed by the inn outside, but Ryoka could just imagine her hurling snow and ice into the building.
“Okay, let me begin from the start. The first thing you need to know is that I got here a few months ago. I’d say around…September? A while back. But Erin arrived before me. We don’t know how we got here, but I know there are other people in this world. I also know that not a lot of people know we exist. That woman I told you about—Lady Magnolia Reinhart. She employs Reynold and a bunch of other servants, and she’s one of the most powerful people on the continent…”
Laken listened intently as Ryoka whispered to him amid the sounds of the inn clearing out. He turned to tell Durene everything was fine when she told him the bottom half of the inn was covered with snow, but he mainly just listened as Ryoka gave him an abridged version of what had happened when she entered this world.
And then it was his turn. Ryoka didn’t just listen—she had her iPhone held in her lap, recording Laken’s every word as he spoke. She didn’t mention this fact, and neither did Laken or Ryoka ever mention certain key words aloud.
Words like [Emperor], gunpowder, iPhone, dragon, or a thousand other words from home. Ryoka was glad that Laken understood, and he picked up what she feared from what Ryoka never said.
“It sounds like you’ve had a rough time without a class. I can’t say I understand that bit.”
“I don’t like conformity.”
“You think that’s an issue—wait. I think I get it. Game system, right? But is there a puppet master?”
“Probably, yes.”
“Oh, really? How do you know?”
Laken sat forwards. Ryoka hesitated, and then leaned forwards as well. Though she knew Reynold and the other spies in the building were probably gone, she whispered to him in German.
“Ein Gott…lebt.”
A slow frown was her only reply. Laken sat back carefully.
“How?”
“I don’t know. But I talked with someone who assures me it’s true. And I believe him.”
“In that case—that is concerning. But still, as far as I understand it, the system is essential. You can’t fight a…a monster without Skills.”
“Yeah. But do we lose anything if we have a class?”
Laken’s voice was thoughtful.
“I don’t know. And honestly, I’m not sure I’d be willing to try and find out, if it were me. But if you want to be the test subject…I’m glad. It’s good to have someone who might be impartial. Especially if what you say is true.”
“I don’t know if they’re connected, but it seems so.”
“Oh, I agree. But really…alive?”
