3.40
Page 10
And she was there. Ivolethe. She was hovering outside the window, watching Ryoka and Laken talk. Just watching. Ryoka froze, quill dripping blobs of ink.
There was something about the way the Frost Faerie stared at her. Something…
She was watching. Waiting. Ryoka felt a chill.
“Ryoka? Is something wrong?”
“I—I don’t know. I think there might be—”
How could she explain it to Laken? Ryoka was grasping at words, when she saw something move in front of her.
It was on the table she’d pulled up to write on. Her iPhone, still recording every word Laken spoke, began to vibrate. It shuddered on the wood surface a microsecond before Ryoka heard the familiar, annoying jangle of her ringtone.
Someone was calling her. Ryoka felt her breath catch in her chest.
“Is that—”
Laken reached for the iPhone, but Ryoka was faster. She saw the familiar calling screen, but there was nothing listed under the caller’s phone number, only the option to accept or decline.
“It’s my iPhone. I’m getting a call—”
“From who?”
“It has to be [BlackMage]!”
“Who?”
“The person who—I’m answering it.”
Laken held his breath as Ryoka gingerly tapped the glowing green phone symbol. Instantly, she heard a voice.
“—he’s not answering. Maybe try ag—hello? Hello? Can you hear me?”
Ryoka traded glances with Laken. He missed. Ryoka tilted her iPhone’s speaker towards her mouth cautiously.
“I can hear you. Who is this?”
“Oh my god. Is this—are you [batman]? [batman]’s a girl?”
It was a young man’s voice, excited, with the touches of…an English accent? Yes, it definitely wasn’t American. Ryoka carefully put the call on speaker phone as she and Laken crowded around her device. She put a finger to his lips and he nodded.
“This is great! I’ve tried calling you before and you didn’t pick up. Hi there! This is [BlackMage]! From the chat? Do you remember me? Well, I was calling you to—”
“Fuck you.”
Ryoka heard [BlackMage] pause. She saw Laken glance at her oddly, but she didn’t care. Anxiety had become irritation and anger in a second.
“What?”
“Go fuck yourself. Do you know how stupid it is to call someone like this? What would have happened if I were in a dungeon, or trying to hide from a monster?”
“I—”
“You have compromised my damn phone! You know that asshole was trying to find out locations! Do you think he’s really not trying to track us down right now? I’d bet anything that this kind of call can be traced. Now people know exactly where you and I are.”
“Hold on! We don’t know anyone’s tracking this call. I’m with a bunch of [Mages] and they say—”
“Screw what they say. This is dangerous. Didn’t you get that from your call?”
“That’s why I’m calling you!”
The young man on the other end of the line was getting angry. He spoke quickly before Ryoka could insult him again.
“We—the mages of Wistram and I—are trying to find people across the world! I’ve called a bunch of people and we’re trying to bring them here. To Wistram!”
“That is the stupidest—how do you know you’re not revealing their locations?”
“We—we’re using magic in secret.”
“Oh? Well, that makes me feel better.”
“Look, if you’re going to be an arsehole about this, I can hang up.”
“No, it’s too late now.”
Ryoka tried to calm herself down. She took a deep breath.
“Okay, why are you calling? To invite me to Wistram?”
“Yes. We can send help. We can have money sent—or get in touch with a local [Mage] affiliated with us who can help you reach the isle. But I contacted you first because you managed to uncover that fake wanker—[Kent Scott] and warn everyone. Do you know who he is?”
