3.40
Page 0

When Ryoka left the Mage’s Guild she found Reynold waiting for her. The young woman was not surprised; she let the [Butler] fall into step beside her as she walked slowly down the street.
Reynold was not smiling. Not that he was usually beaming; but he normally carried himself with professional impartiality. Right now he was not smiling and it was quite clear he was also not happy.
“Miss Ryoka. I trust your visit to the Mage’s Guild was eventful?”
“You tell me.”
“I trust I conveyed Lady Reinhart’s wishes to you earlier? My duty is to accompany you as an escort—”
“Yeah. But I’ll just bet that I had other people watching me while you were busy with Laken. Stop glaring, Reynold. I’m not in a good mood right now.”
Reynold glared, but he decided to shut his mouth after a second of wavering. Ryoka saw him glancing at her face. In truth, she wasn’t angry. She was more tired. No; tired wasn’t the right word.
Valceif Godfrey was dead. It felt like no one in the world knew or cared. But Ryoka did. She cared, but she had to finish her job here. Then she could go back and—tell everyone. Tell Erin, and Hawk, at least.
“How’d it go in the Merchant’s Guild?”
Ryoka frowned at the sky as she spoke. It was quite dark, although it shouldn’t have been so early. The clouds had completely obscured the sun and snow was beginning to fall. A lot of snow.
The [Butler]’s voice was testy as he replied.
“Mister Laken has concluded most of his business to his satisfaction. A shipment of goods and food has been paid for—and two adventuring teams have been contacted. If all goes well, they should be ready to begin transport this very night.”
“Good. Thanks for helping him.”
“It was my pleasure, Miss Ryoka. It is my privilege to serve others in need of my assistance…whether I like it or not, apparently.”
“Hah. You’re a lot more fun when you’re upset, Reynold.”
Ryoka half-smiled as she turned to look at him. Then she looked up again. Ryoka frowned and prodded at her belt pouch.
“Ivolethe? Hey, Ivolethe. What’s with all this crap floating down? We’re already up to our knees in the snow; why do we need more?”
She saw the pouch at her belt rustling, and then Ivolethe poked her head out. The Frost Faerie grinned as she spread her arms wide at the dark, snowy sky.
 
“Ah, you see it? Do you see your doom, floating down from above? Prepare for wrack and ruin, ye mortals! This snowstorm will be the greatest in a century, nay, in ten thousand years! The snow will cover the earth and leave none alive! This is the dawn of a new age of ice and woe! Alack! Despair!”
 
Ryoka stared down at Ivolethe with narrowed eyes. The faerie stared back, blinking innocently.
“What does ah, Miss Ivolethe have to say, Miss Ryoka?”
“She says we’re all doomed.”
“Oh.”
“Yep.”
The two Humans didn’t react the way Ivolethe was hoping for. She scowled, and then answered in a sulky tone of voice.
 
“A blizzard comes. You will see it become strongest by nightfall. It will last two…nay, three days at most. If you hide in your small huts of wood and stone, you should be fine.”
 
“Thanks for the weather update. Buh-bye.”
Ryoka closed the lid on her belt pouch. Ivolethe made a sound of pure outrage; Ryoka winced as her pouch instantly frosted over. The faerie pushed the lid open as Ryoka turned to Reynold.
“Is Laken still at the Guild? I want to speak with him.”
“I believe he has retired to his lodgings for the moment, Miss Ryoka.”
“Okay. Where are they?”
“I regret to say that he did not inform me.”
“Okay. Where are they?”
Ryoka stopped and turned to face Reynold. She folded her arms and scowled at him.
