3.40
Page 18
The excuses felt hollow in Ryoka’s mouth. She felt a twisting in her gut, but she didn’t see how she could do it. Running was one thing. She could probably run in deep snow—it would be hellish, but she could do it. But getting lost was another issue.
“If it’s just finding your way…”
Laken paused. He frowned, thinking hard.
“Is there a map you could take? Some sort of magical…GPS?”
It sounded ludicrous. Ryoka shook her head as she sat at one of the tables with him. Laken sighed and pushed the small bowl of cheese and crackers someone had given him away. Ryoka felt a rustling at her pouch.
 
“Is that food? I claim it!”
 
Ivolethe leapt onto the table and grabbed a slice of cheese and a cracker. She began munching it down. She was getting gluttonous, Ryoka reflected. She stared down at Ivolethe, annoyed the faerie wasn’t taking things seriously. Then Ryoka paused.
“Hey Laken. Ivolethe’s eating your cheese.”
“I don’t m—”
Laken went silent. He coughed and when he spoke again his voice had taken on a thoughtful tone.
“Christmas is coming up, Ryoka.”
“Yup. Santa Claus.”
“It’s a very famous tradition. I used to hear all the old tales every year. The German stories are different of course, but I’ve heard the American classics as well.”
“Oh yeah. All the good ones, I bet.”
“I especially liked Rudolph, although I can’t imagine what the color ‘red’ must look like.”
“It’s not bad.”
“I hate to ask you to run through a blizzard—”
“I’ve done worse. And I’d like to do it. It is the holidays.”
“But the issue is finding your way. Through a blizzard.”
“Yeah. I’d need a guide. Someone who can find their way. Light the way, rather.”
“I take it the color’s off? I’m told that uh, Winter Sprites are blue. Which is, apparently, not close to red.”
“It’s a bit different. But why don’t I think that will matter?”
Laken and Ryoka kept their voices low. They both felt it. A bit of holiday magic in the air, or perhaps just insanity masquerading as good sense. They turned their faces towards the small Frost Faerie gorging herself on the table.
Ivolethe happily swallowed a large bite of wrinkled prune and then realized she was the target of their scrutiny. Warily, she frowned up at the two Humans staring down at her.
 
“What? What are ye buggers staring at?”
 

