3.40
Page 5
“Yes—yes I do. I found Frostwing near Durene’s cottage. I think his mother died of starvation or—something else. I took Frostwing in. I actually have a class from raising him. [Beast Tamer].”
“Oh?”
Ryoka stared at Frostwing. She felt like she had to repeat herself.
“It’s blue. I—excuse me.”
She reached for her pocket as Laken frowned. She knew it was stupid, but Ryoka had to do this. She pulled her iPhone out of her pocket and turned it on.
 
—-
 
Laken was still a bit bleary from waking up, but he was trying to get his thoughts together quickly. Ryoka was here. That was good. He had so many questions he wanted to ask her, but he had to be careful, didn’t he? He wasn’t sure of her. Not yet. But she was from his world. Or—and here his cautious self spoke up—she was pretending to be. Could this all be a ploy? Her knowing German meant someone had come from another world, but maybe she was using a Skill? Was that possible?
Ryoka wasn’t saying much. She seemed to be fixated on Frostwing. Was it really that special that he was blue? Laken tried to remember if there were other blue birds back home. Obviously he’d never seen any, but…blue birds, what about them? What made Frostwing stand out that much?
Then he heard something. It was faint, muffled, and familiar. Laken frowned.
“Ryoka? Are you there?”
No response. Laken hesitated, and then leaned towards the source of the muted music. His eyes widened.
“Is that…is that the Pokemon theme song?”
Ryoka pulled the earbuds out.
“No.”
“It is!”
Laken smiled and laughed.
“You’re a Pokemon fan!”
“I was. Once. A long time ago.”
Ryoka shifted, coughed. Laken couldn’t see, but she’d turned bright red. Laken grinned.
“Does Frostwing remind you of a Pokemon that much?”
“Yeah. He looks like Articuno, you know?”
“That’s a Pokemon?”
“A legendary. One of the legendary birds from the original one hundred and fifty.”
“Ah. I never actually played Pokemon growing up. Sort of hard when you can’t see anything.”
“Oh. Right.”
Ryoka coughed again, clearly embarrassed. Laken was smiling so hard it hurt. For just a few moments, he felt like he was back home, back in his world.
“You’re a fan. I had no idea. Did you play that new thing coming out? Pokemon Go?”
“I uh, a bit. It was a long time ago. Or it feels like it. I…was teleported here a few days after I downloaded the app, actually.”
“Oh.”
“Yeah.”
The conversation fell flat in an instant. Ryoka shifted as she glanced at Frostwing again. Laken blinked and gestured with his other hand.
“I’m so sorry. Please, sit. I don’t know where the chair is, but I’m assured we have at least two.”
“I see it.”
Ryoka dragged the chair over as Laken tried to make Frostwing go to sleep. He thought it worked, or at least, the bird had given up moving. He turned and sat cross-legged on his bed as he faced in Ryoka’s direction.
“I think Durene gave you some trouble as I was sleeping. Is that right?”
“Just a bit. She’s protective of you.”
Laken smiled wryly.
“She is. Thank you for not hitting her with that potion.”
Ryoka shrugged, and then remembered Laken couldn’t see any of her gestures.
“It’s nothing. Good thing we didn’t meet a month or two ago or I’d have gotten my head pushed through a wall.”
“Really?”
“I picked a fight with a Minotaur one time. That was one of the dumber things I’ve ever done.”
“Minotaurs exist in this world?”
“Yup. They’re touchy and prideful. And fairly rude, but they are honorable.”
“Fascinating. I’ve heard this continent has mainly…Gnolls, is it? And Drakes?”
