3.40
Page 8
“Yes. And apparently talking about them gives them strength.”
Laken shivered.
“That’s horrific. Terrifying. But it sounds like this—person—isn’t too active?”
“No. I shouldn’t say lebt. More like…hold on. Schlafen. Aufwachen.”
“Ah.”
It was as if he’d taken a drink of water after being dehydrated. Laken felt everything snap more into place.
“I think I get it. Or at least, I have a hypothesis.”
“So do I. Either way? It’s bad news.”
“But from what you say, it doesn’t seem like that’s the reason we’re here. It’s probably a spell?”
“Someone said that there was a summoning spell. In Rhir.”
“Something to look into. I guess.”
Laken frowned and scrubbed at his hair.
“This is all so complex! How are we supposed to figure this out? It’s not as if we can just ask, and we don’t have people we can trust to find out. I don’t, at any rate. You have your [Lady] friend, but I don’t trust her further than I can throw her either.”
“Yeah, I’m not too keen on asking. But those angry ant people I told you about? Their entire race is scared spitless of this one person.”
Ryoka chewed her lip, feeling the same urgent panic rising in her chest when she thought about—
A God. A real God, sleeping under the earth.
She expected Laken to share at least a bit of her concern. But the blind man refused to panic.
“I get the issue. But they’re on another continent, right? There’s not much we can do right now—except spread the word, I guess, and find someone who can do something.”
“So you’re saying we don’t even think about it?”
It was impossible to glare at a blind man successfully. Laken smiled.
“Look, if we’re talking about this—person as a threat, then all we need is a devil, right? Anyone tried blood summoning, chanting in Latin, or hooded robes? Or we could get a few angry atheists. Who knows? It could work.”
Ryoka stared at Laken and then burst out laughing.
“You cocky bastard.”
He raised his hands, smiling and laughing with her.
“Hey, it’s a problem. But it’s not immediate, is it? If I panicked over all of the big things, I’d never get to sleep at night.”
“Fine. I get it. Back to you, then. You’re in a bind. Assuming no one catches wind of what you do, you’re going to need help for that village of yours.”
Laken nodded. He wove his fingers together and tightened his grip.
“I think we’ve got food and protection, but if you know anything about…anything, I’d love to have some help.”
Ryoka had to confess her knowledge was limited.
“I’ve got some information, but it’s all scattered. Ruling a village—good luck. Other than that, technology’s tricky. I’m not giving you the recipe for…well, firearms.”
“Perish the thought.”
“—And I can’t tell you how to make anything too useful. Steam engines, light bulbs…not exactly stuff your village needs right now.”
“No.”
Ryoka frowned as she tapped a finger on her leg, letting it bounce against the floorboards. Laken found the sound slightly annoying, but he waited patiently for Ryoka to finish thinking.
“Greenhouses might help. If you can get sheets of glass for the roof, you can build the rest of the structure out of other materials. That would extend your growing season—let you get a head start on growing.”
“Really?”
“There’s glass in this world. If you can get panes, or one large sheet—could be tricky, could be worth it. I see some parchment over there. I’ll use that, okay?”
“Feel free.”
Laken heard Ryoka rustling about and then her fiddling with the inkpot.
