3.40
Page 17
“I thought I was going to see you tomorrow! What gives?”
“Ah, Ryoka. I’m sorry about this, but it couldn’t wait. Have you seen the weather?”
Ryoka grunted sourly. She had snow all over her shoes and Reynold, wheezing a bit as he came in behind her, was brushing snow out of his hair.
“It’s coming down out there. Why?”
“Well, it’s going to be far worse tomorrow, or so I’m told. The snow’s going to cover the roads at least two feet deep—possibly as many as four on top of what’s already fallen if what the [Weather Mages] are saying is true.”
“Fuck. That’s not good. Reynold, how does your carriage handle in deep snow?”
“Fairly well, Miss Ryoka. We should be able to return to Liscor—slowly, but even in deep snow.”
“Well, that’s a relief.”
Laken shook his head.
“It may be to you, but Ryoka, the Merchant’s Guild is saying they won’t be able to deliver the food or have the adventurers escort us for at least a week until the roads clear!”
She stared at him.
“Can’t they melt the snow? Hire a mage who knows flame spells?”
“Too costly for me. If I had more money I could, but—no. And we can’t leave right now.”
“So you want to hire a Runner.”
Ryoka nodded. It was the best solution. She glanced at the Runners shivering as they came in from the cold.
“Hire someone good and give them a bag of holding. It’s pricy, but they might be able to beat the snows.”
“It’s a day’s run for the best of them. No City Runner will do it for fear of losing their way, and there’s no Courier I could hire—even if I could afford one.”
Ryoka stared at Laken’s grim face. She got what he was saying and raised her hands.
“Oh no.”
“Ryoka, please. The village will need food soon, and if I’m away for that long they’ll panic. If you can get to them and send a message—”
“No, I’m not—I’d get lost as well! Hold on, I might be able to if Reynold drives me.”
She looked hopefully at Reynold and Laken turned to the [Butler] as well. Reynold hunched his shoulders guiltily.
“I’m terribly sorry Miss Ryoka, but Lady Reinhart did not authorize me to drive you anywhere but Liscor. Under any circumstances. I believe her exact phrase was ‘if she needs to get anywhere, she can run there herself’.”
“Even to help a village?”
“Even then, Miss. You could try contacting her, but I’m afraid that until then, my orders stand.”
“How long would that take?”
As she asked, Ryoka knew that it wasn’t a good option. Lady Magnolia might say yes, but she’d want to know why Ryoka wanted to help Laken so badly. If there was any way to avoid that, Ryoka would.
“If it is not an urgent issue—and I am afraid that Ressa would not consider this such—Lady Reinhart may not receive your communications for a day or two.”
“And I need to be back in Liscor in two days for Christmas. Laken—”
He stood up.
“I know it’s a lot to ask, Ryoka, but you’re the only person who could do it. I can’t afford anyone else, and I don’t want to leave them alone without word for so long. If you could take a bag of holding—the [Receptionists] assure me you could bring enough food for a week or two and some presents with their biggest bags.”
“Presents?”
“Yes. It’s going to be Christmas soon.”
“Yes, it is.”
Laken smiled a bit, but it twisted on his face with anxiety.
“You know, I don’t have a problem staying here. I can buy gifts for Durene and Gamel—after I explain the idea of Christmas to them, of course. But the people in my village need that food now, not after the roads clear. And I’d like to get them presents as well.”
“I know. I know, but—I can’t. I have to get back home and—I couldn’t find my way through a blizzard either.”
