3.40
Page 11
“No. I have no idea. But I was suspicious from the start. Forget [Kent Scott]. How do I know I can trust you, or anyone?”
“I—look, you’re being fairly suspicious of me, don’t you think? I’m calling you—”
“And I don’t trust people who call me out of the blue. How can we prove that these people at Wistram are trustworthy?”
“We can’t.”
Ryoka heard [BlackMage] gasp on the other end of the line. Laken took the iPhone from her and spoke into it. She stared at him, wanting to signal him, but it was impossible to do visually. She tapped his hand with a finger—he waved his hand at her and then gave her a thumbs up.
“Excuse me? Who is this?”
“Call me L. I’m from our world as well. I just met [batman].”
Laken kept his voice low as he spoke into the receiver. He was smiling as if he was enjoying his conversation with the flustered [BlackMage].
“Wow! You’ve met someone else? Where are you? Do you need help? What’s your class—I forgot to mention we’re keeping a list—”
“My class is secret. So is my location. If you can trace this phone call, well, good luck searching the continent. I’m sorry to be so secretive, but neither [batman] nor I are able to trust you, or Wistram at this point in time.”
“Why? Hey, we’re acting in good faith here—”
“Just think about it.”
Laken leaned back on the bed as he spoke carefully, choosing each word with deliberation.
“You say you want to help us. But how can we be sure that’s the case? Putting aside the reputation of Wistram, we can’t tell if you’re calling from there. You could be impersonating them—we have no way to tell. Telling you our location is dangerous, especially on what could be an unsecured call like this. You understand that, right?”
“I—I suppose I do. But how am I supposed to convince you I’m trustworthy?”
“That’s impossible at this moment. There’s no one in Wistram who could convince us, and a truth spell can’t be used. However…there is a way to tell everyone where to go and not reveal confidential information.”
“Really? How?”
Laken could feel Ryoka’s eyes on him, even if he couldn’t see her. He smiled.
“Don’t call anyone. But have Wistram—the Isle of Mages, right? Have them send out a proclamation, a message to every corner of the world. Something simple. Something anyone from our world could understand.”
“Oh!”
Ryoka nodded as she realized what Laken was saying. That could work. She spoke into the receiver.
“Say something like…‘To all the millennials, the Americans and citizens of the European Union and’—no, wait. That’s not right. Instead…send something in every language you can think of. One word. Come home. 家に帰る.”
“Nach Hause zurückkehren.”
“Ven a Casa. In every language you can think of. Understand?”
“I see!”
“But don’t stop there.”
Laken angled the iPhone towards his mouth and spoke urgently.
“Set it up so that anyone affiliated with Wistram will help someone from our world. But have them ask for confirmation. Something only someone from our world would know. Easy things, for every culture.”
“Like if you’re American—who’s the current president? Actually—shit. Be prepared for different answers. Someone might say Obama and not know who the current president is.”
“Good point! And some people might not speak English.”
“Hold on, let me write all this down!”
[BlackMage] was scrambling to keep up. Laken and Ryoka heard other voices, muffled in the background. She nudged him and he squeezed her arm. There were other people listening to the call.
“Okay, we can do that. Thanks for the advice!”
“No problem. Just be sure you know what you’re doing.”
“…How do you mean?”
Laken paused.
