3.41
Page 1
Reynold, Durene, and Gamel reacted as the nimbus of light around Ivolethe changed. The faerie, her body of blue crystal ice now lit by a red glow which turned her entire form light pink, stared at Ryoka with a sour expression on her face.
 
“It is done. Let us be off, Ryoka Griffin. I dislike this immensely, but I will help.”
 
“Thank you, Ivolethe.”
The faerie stared at Laken, and then away. The [Emperor] turned to Ryoka as she bent to make sure the laces of her shoes were tied firmly.
“I can’t thank you enough for this.”
“Thank me after I’m done. It’s a long run, but I’ll try to be back tomorrow—or failing that, the day after that. I want to get back and then have Reynold bring me to Liscor. Hopefully I can make it in time for Christmas. If I can’t, well, this is more important.”
Laken reached out and Ryoka offered him a palm to grip.
“You’re a good person, Ryoka Griffin.”
“So you say. Myself, I’m not convinced.”
He grinned and stepped back. Ryoka was doing a second check.
“You have everything you need? Stamina potions?”
“At my belt, courtesy of the Runner’s Guild. Good thing these ones don’t freeze solid. Octavia’s are sort of crap.”
“And you have the second bag of holding?”
“Here as well.”
Ryoka patted the bag hanging at her side. It felt incongruous at her waist—far too light for what she knew it contained. Food for the village, extra blankets, tools they needed—and presents! And yet the bag felt like it only held five pounds of weight.
Magic.
She was ready to go. Ryoka stepped towards Ivolethe.
“Ready?”
The faerie didn’t answer her. Ryoka frowned.
“Ivolethe?”
The Frost Faerie was gazing towards the sky. She uttered an oath—it sounded like it was in Celtic—and sprang up into the air. Ryoka had no idea why—until she saw the other blue shapes flying down towards her. She groaned.
“Oh no.”
Laken turned.
“What is it?”
“Company. More Frost Faeries.”
“And that’s a bad thing?”
Ryoka didn’t answer. She heard the tiny, crystal voices ringing through the air as the faeries flew down, circling Ivolethe’s lone red glow and laughing.
 
“Sister, sister! What is this you do?”
“She’s changed her color! What rot! What foolishness!”
“Shut up! I do this for friendship and goodwill! Mock me not, fools!”
 
Ivolethe roared at her sisters, flying angrily at them as they laughed and flew about her. Ryoka saw the faeries hitting each other and felt a shock—the Frost Faeries played rough! They didn’t just pull at hair—Ivolethe bit one of her sisters in the arm and was mobbed by two of the others in return.
“Hey, stop, stop!”
Ryoka’s voice stilled the fighting above her for a second. Frost Faeries abandoned their squabble for an easier target. They flew around Ryoka, pointing and jeering.
 
“Look, the boring one speaks!”
“So slow, so uninteresting! But she is with the ruler! Tell us, stupid one. Why is our sister red?”
 
“She’s helping me deliver aid to a village. She’s going to be…a hero.”
The faeries scoffed and laughed, but Ryoka knew them. She raised her hands.
“You may not believe me, but Ivolethe is fulfilling a legend. She’s going to make children happy. You see, there’s a story about a reindeer called Rudolph—”
She got only halfway into her explanation before the faeries swirled around her, laughing with delight.
 
“A guide? What fun! We shall go too!”
“Yes, let us guide the silly Human!”
 
Laken blinked, and Ryoka hesitated. He sidled over to her and whispered as they laughed and flew up and around them.
“They’re not like Ivolethe at all.”
