3.41
Page 5
Revi had bent her stem, but not managed to tie it into a knot. Neither had most of the people in the room. Jelaqua had, but Seborn called foul because she’d done it with her Selphid parts, not her actual tongue. But then Pisces pulled out a cherry stem with a knot tied right in the center.
Everyone stared at him. Jasi came over and stood beneath the mistletoe. She waved a claw at Pisces. She shrugged at Erin as the [Innkeeper] gave her a betrayed look.
“This is so wrong.”
She muttered as she saw Pisces become a target for kisses from the opposite gender. Ceria, standing next to her, shook her head.
“You put the mistletoe up, Erin. What did you think was going to happen?”
“Not this! I mean, why’s Pisces getting all the kisses?”
The half-Elf shrugged, staring at Pisces and not looking at Erin.
“He’s…not bad at kissing. That’s why. It’s fun to kiss him. He certainly got enough practice back in Wistram.”
Erin stared at Ceria. She opened her mouth, and then turned away.
“I don’t want to know! Gah! Mistletoe failure!”
The entertainment for the day continued as Erin served food to her guests. Word spread fast, and within a few hours more people came from both Celum and Liscor—ostensibly to eat and get out of the cold, but mainly to try the kissing game, which was what the mistletoe had become.
 
—-
 
Relc had lingered hopefully around the mistletoe for quite some time until he realized everyone was avoiding him. He stomped off, grumbling about stupid Humans, half-Elves, String People, and Drakes. He left some coins on his table and left the inn, feeling unhappy and out of sorts. No matter how long he’d waited, no one had brought a gift with his name on it. But Erin had said he’d get a gift! Two!
On the way back towards Liscor, Relc met Klbkch. The Antinium was hurrying up the hill and glancing over his shoulder. He seemed to be worried he’d be spotted.
“Yo, Klb. What’s the hurry?”
“I am attempting to avoid meeting my fellow Antinium from the Hive. If you are asked, you did not see me.”
Relc nodded in an understanding way. He didn’t understand much about Klbkch’s Hive or the relationship the Antinium had with the others—they all looked pretty much the same to Relc—but the Drake did understand not wanting to be spotted by angry people who had business with him.
“There’s no point in going to the inn. Erin’s hung a bunch of mistletoe up.”
“Indeed?”
Klbkch stared at Relc. The Drake nodded grumpily.
“Yup. That means if you stand beneath it, you have to kiss. Only, no one wants to kiss me.”
“Is Erin participating in this ritual?”
“Nope. But I’ve got bad news for you, Klb old buddy. Remember when Erin told us about the Secret Santa thing? With the presents?”
“Yes. I have obtained mine, although I have not placed them in her inn.”
“Well, you might want to hold off for a second. I checked and I didn’t find any presents for me. Not one. And I’m supposed to be getting two! And—get this—I didn’t find any for you, either.”
Klbkch paused.
“That is odd. Perhaps the gifts have not been placed yet.”
“Maybe.”
Relc shrugged moodily. He stared back at the inn, and lowered his voice as he confided in his partner.
“I’m worried we might not get any. Well, I know I’ll get some because everyone loves me. But you might not. Since you’re an Ant. Y’know?”
“This is a distinct possibility. The Secret Santas may object to my identity.”
“Yeah. So…I was thinking, why don’t we do a few good deeds today? I figure, if we show how Christmas-y we are, people will probably get us gifts anyways. Plus, don’t we get more presents if we’re good? That Santa guy brings them, right?”
