3.41
Page 16
Relc’s eyes narrowed as he caught sight of the two Drakes wearing masks over their faces. One was standing guard over two frightened Gnoll children as the other ransacked the house.
The burglars froze at the sight of Relc and Klbkch. Oddly dressed though they might be, the Senior Guardsmen were a known duo in Liscor.
“Well, well, well. It looks like Santa’s found someone who’s been naughty.”
Relc grinned and cracked his knuckles as the two thieves backed up. One whipped a knife from his belt out and stabbed at Relc. The Drake caught the blade barehanded and threw it away.
“Not sharp enough! Hi, nice to meet you! I’m Relc—I mean, Santa Claus! Here’s my fist!”
He clocked the first thief in the face and then kicked him between the legs. The Drake folded up and Relc dodged back as the other one swung at him. He turned, twisted—his tail smacked the second thief in the face with a crack.
“You’ve been extra naughty! You’re on my list! You got that, you punks?”
The fight carried out into the street as Relc threw one of the [Thieves] out of the window. The Drake landed with pieces of the broken shutters raining around him. He gasped for air and tried to get up—just in time to meet a black rock that smashed into the side of his face.
“Have some coal!”
Relc smacked the painted black rock into the offending [Thief]’s head. Klbkch tripped up the other as the Drake [Thief] tried to race out of the building. The Antinium calmly strode over to the fallen burglar and kicked him in the stomach.
“Ho. Ho. Ho. Merry Christmas.”
The commotion attracted a crowd. Drakes, Gnolls, and some Humans watched as Relc and Klbkch beat the two burglars down, Klbkch with a brick, Relc with his sack of presents.
When they were done, the two [Guardsmen] straightened up, and heard the cheering. They saw the crowd applauding them, and realized everyone had a huge smile on their face. Relc turned to Klbkch. The Antinium was blinking down at one of the Gnoll children, who’d given him a hug.
“It’s the holidays, Klbkch.”
“Indeed it is.”
“I think I feel the Chirstmas spirit! Look at all these smiling faces!”
Relc grinned as the father of the Gnolls came over to thank him personally. He reached into his sack and rummaged around. After a moment, Relc handed a battered present with a bit of blood splattered on the side to one of the Gnoll children. The young Gnoll sniffed curiously at the package, and then tore apart the wrapping. He stared at the wooden buckler and sword and grinned in delight.
Klbkch slapped Relc on the back. Relc staggered, and glared at him.
“Ow.”
“I am expressing my enthusiasm as you often do.”
“Don’t. That’s my thing.”
Relc sighed. He cracked his knuckles and stared around at the other children, who were already fighting over the presents Klbkch was handing out.
“That was fun. Alright. I’m done. Let’s get a drink, shall we?”
“Indeed.”
They left the bag of presents and fake beard and Santa costumes to be claimed by the excited children and pedestrians. Klbkch and Relc marched the battered [Thieves] to the city jail, talking along the way.
“Do you think that was enough good deeds?”
“I believe so. As we both regularly perform acts in service to the city, we should have accumulated an excess of good deeds this year.”
“Awesome. I wonder what I’ll get from the real Santa-guy. He’ll deliver the presents to Erin’s inn, right?”
“I would like a Dwarf-crafted sword.”
“Ooh, do you think I could get an enchanted spear? I left my old one back with the army.”
“We should ask Erin if Santa has any [Blacksmith] levels.”
