3.41
Page 3
Technically, they weren’t supposed to show her the presents, but Erin had forgotten to mention that presents were wrapped. A quick trip to Krshia solved that, and soon piles of bulky presents were occupying one corner of the inn.
It was a complex system Erin had devised, but in theory it meant that everyone who would be attending her party tomorrow would get two Christmas gifts. Assuming everyone bought presents, that was. Erin was worried she’d forgotten to include someone, but she thought she’d accounted for all who would be present.
And though they had only a day to get last-minute presents, Erin didn’t think that would be an issue. There was Christmas spirit in the air. Everyone she knew, from both Celum and Liscor had heard about the holiday tradition by now. And most were quite eager to try it.
There was just something about giving and receiving gifts that appealed to people. Of course, the receiving mattered to some more than others.
Twice, Erin had to pull Mrsha away from her gift. The Gnoll was sniffing it and wagging her tail, and Erin was sure Mrsha could tell what was inside. But Mrsha was a kid, so excitement was understandable.
On the other hand, when it came to people like Relc, it was a bit more objectionable. The Drake had come to the inn early to drink and eat, and he’d stared at the pile of presents avidly. Now he crept about the presents, turning them over and growing increasingly frustrated.
“Hey! Where’s mine?”
Relc pawed through the presents, looking for ones with his name on it. He found none, to his increasing displeasure.
“Your Secret Santa might not have brought it yet. You’ll get two, Relc, so don’t worry.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah! Don’t worry—Santa makes sure everyone gets a gift. Good kids, and bad ones. Although, the bad ones just get coal…”
“Right, I forgot. Santa, yeah. Where’s that guy?”
Relc scratched his head. Erin hadn’t talked to him as long as the others. She feared he might have gotten the wrong idea about Santa Claus—in that Relc hadn’t figured out yet that Santa wasn’t real. Still, she had more important things to do.
Some of the Gold-rank adventurers loitering about the inn watched as Erin climbed onto a chair and hung a large sprig in one corner of the room. They weren’t inclined to risk their necks in the dungeon around Christmas, so they had plenty of time to spare.
“What’s that?”
Revi wrinkled her nose as Erin nudged the collections of leaves and berries ever so slightly to the right. Erin turned and smiled wickedly.
“Mistletoe! Haven’t you heard about that?”
Sensing something else interesting, more people drew over to look doubtfully up at the somewhat dead leaves and white berries. Erin had been surprised to see they were white. She’d always thought of them as red. But this was the mistletoe Krshia had given her.
“What’s that supposed to do? Are we supposed to jump up and eat those berries? They look poisonous to me.”
Ceria wrinkled her nose as she stared at the berries. Erin laughed and shook her head.
“No! You kiss if you’re under it! Any people who stand under mistletoe have to kiss. It’s a Christmas tradition!”
Not one she’d practiced at home or ever in her world, actually, but Erin thought it was a fun idea.
The change that came over the people standing before was immediate, though. Ceria and Yvlon hurried out of the mistletoe’s radius as if they were on fire. The others stared at each other.
“Well, that sounds like fun! Hey Typhenous!”
The [Mage] was too slow. Jelaqua Ivirith caught him and kissed him on the lips. He shuddered.
“Agh!”
