3.41
Page 4
“Sorry. Dead skin and all that. But that’s the tradition. Hey, Seborn, Moore. Want to try?”
The other two Halfseekers shook their head. They’d stayed away from the mistletoe and weren’t approaching.
Halrac and Ulrien stared up at the mistletoe. They stared at each other. Ulrien coughed.
“Um, Miss Erin. Is there any hex or curse that activates if two people don’t kiss under the mistletoe?”
“No. It’s just fun.”
“Good.”
Halrac stomped quickly out of range. Ulrien followed suit.
“Well, I don’t see what the problem is. It’s just a kiss.”
Revi strolled over to the mistletoe, not standing quite beneath it as she looked around challengingly. She smiled mockingly at Typhenous who was taking a drink after being kissed by Jelaqua.
“A kissing game sounds fun. It reminds me of when I was younger. We’d swap mouths and kiss each other at parties.”
She tapped the stitch marks around her lips. Erin paused.
“Wow. Okay. Um, this is really just more of a tradition.”
“Why have a place to kiss if you won’t do it? Who’s good at kissing?”
“I’ll try.”
Pisces stepped forwards, to everyone’s great surprise. Revi looked him up and down, but then she smirked.
“Why not?”
Erin opened her mouth, raised her hand, and then waved it about, but she couldn’t stop what happened next. Pisces and Revi stepped beneath the mistletoe…and kissed.
It wasn’t long. There weren’t any sucking sounds or visibly tongue-in-cheek moments. But when it was done, Pisces stepped away looking slightly smug. And Revi—
Blushed.
Everyone in the room stared at her. Pisces sauntered back towards the other Horns of Hammerad and winked at Ksmvr. Erin heard the Antinium whispering to Pisces.
“I do not understand what happened. Comrade Pisces, please explain kissing—”
“Had your fun?”
Halrac asked Revi in an acidic tone as she stepped away from the mistletoe. Revi fanned at her face, glancing at Pisces.
“Well, that was surprising. He’s…not bad.”
“Not bad?”
Relc stared at Pisces. He laughed.
“You can’t be good or bad at kissing!”
“That shows what you know.”
Revi stared archly at him. Relc paused.
“Wait, you can be good at kissing?”
Revi, Typhenous, Ulrien, and Seborn nodded. Revi wandered back over to the mistletoe, and this time Jelaqua went with her. Other people from both genders drifted over.
Erin watched with part horror, part fascination. This wasn’t how mistletoe was supposed to be used, surely! But it seemed like there was actual skill at kissing being measured. Some were better than others. And apparently…Pisces was one of the best.
“You know, back home I was told that anyone who could tie a cherry stem into a knot with their tongue was a really good kisser.”
Erin mentioned that as she brought out some dried cherries she’d bought with that very fact in mind. Revi took a break from testing one of the [Actors] from Celum who’d come in for breakfast, and took a stem. She and quite a few people popped the cherries into their mouths and chewed thoughtfully.
Erin glanced around the room as she circulated with ‘testing cherries’. Now that she looked…she had a good distribution of races and genders today. People had come from both Liscor and through the door in Celum. There were Drakes, Gnolls, and a lot of Humans, male and female. She glanced at the mistletoe, where a few red-faced people and more with smiles on their faces were grouped. She had a bad feeling she knew what was coming next.
“Peh!”
Ceria spat out a completely un-knotted cherry stem into the palm of her hand and scowled.
“Not for me.”
“Hrm.”
