3.41
Page 20
“You didn’t do anything wrong. That’s why Santa sent me. That’s why your [Emperor] brought all these presents. Now—why don’t we give you something good to eat?”
Anabelle sobbed into her coat and nodded. Ryoka looked back at the other children. They were teary-eyed as well, but that was fine. There was something important in those tears.
“Who wants to see what else I’ve brought with me?”
Hands rose hesitantly. Ryoka turned, and saw the adults standing, watching her. There was something in their eyes because they kept brushing at them. Hers too. Ryoka let Anabelle cling to her as she handed presents out. And then she had another thought.
“While we’re at it—why don’t I tell you a story? Would you like to hear a story? About Santa Claus?”
Ryoka sat on the straw floor of the barn and saw faeries land on the roof of the barn. She stared at them, but they made the interior of the building shimmer and glow. In every color. The villagers and children gasped, and Ryoka smiled.
“What are you staring at? Didn’t I say Santa was magic? Well, maybe he’s watching you. Now that I think of it…I’ll tell you stories about Santa, too! Did you know one of his reindeer has a red nose? Let me tell you about that. Once upon a time, on a night even snowier than this…”
 
—-
 
Later then. So late that it was minutes away from becoming Christmas day, or the day Erin had decided was Christmas. She sat in her inn, her guests long gone, a pile of presents in one corner, and slowly cleared the last table.
“We’re done. Thank you so much for helping, Lyonette.”
“It was—nothing—Erin.”
Lyonette managed to get the words out between jaw-cracking yawns. She and Mrsha were dozing in a chair by the fire.
A single candle lit the room along with the fireplace. Mrsha stared at the flickering flame as it slowly wore down the wax candle. It was hypnotic, soothing. Before she knew it, Lyonette’s eyes were closing.
“You look tired. You should head upstairs.”
“I think Mrsha’s done. But she’s sort of restless. She had too much honey.”
Mrsha was indeed still awake, despite the late hour. She squirmed just a tiny bit, too hyped to sleep, but too tired to move. Erin smiled.
“Well, how shall we put her to bed? Hot milk? That always worked for me, or so my mom said.”
“I think she’s full to bursting. How about a song? I’d sing, but…I’m no [Singer]. Do you have the class?”
“I do, but you don’t have to have a class to sing, Lyonette. Why don’t I teach you some Christmas songs?”
“Oh. Can you? I’ve always liked music. They only sing the same songs in court back home…”
Lyonette sat up slightly, eyes shining. Mrsha perked her ears up too. Erin laughed and settled down in a chair across from them next to the fire.
“Why not. I’ll sing you…a classic song about Christmas. Okay?”
Silence was her only answer. Erin took a deep breath, and thought of the songs she’d heard growing up, when she had to go to the Christmas service at church, and sung by carolers and played on speakers and online as the world changed.
“Silent night, holy night. All is calm, all is bright…”
Her voice was the last thing anyone heard. The snow fell deeper, as across the world the night ended and a new day began. Nothing changed, but it was Christmas. And Erin sang.
“Sleep in heavenly peace. Sleep in heavenly peace…”
Her voice trailed off. Erin looked around and saw Lyonette and Mrsha had already fallen asleep. Erin sighed, glancing upstairs where their beds were waiting.
