3.41
Page 0

Two days before Christmas, Ryoka stared up at a Frost Faerie and wondered how it had come to this.
“Come on, Ivolethe. Please?”
 
“Nae. I won’t do it!”
 
Ivolethe folded her arms and glared at Ryoka and Laken. The Frost Faerie hovered outside of the Runner’s Guild as Laken and Ryoka stood and argued with her. Durene and Gamel and Reynold were all standing a bit back, watching the young man and woman argue with what was, to them, a fuzzy patch of air.
“I’ll make you the Archduchess of Presents. How about that?”
 
“Not if ye made me a Großfürstin! I won’t act like an Ellylldan—like some common pixie! I refuse to guide Ryoka to your worthless little village!”
 
Ivolethe sneered at Laken and flicked snow at his face. He recoiled as Ryoka tried another tact. They’d been arguing with Ivolethe for fifteen minutes, but the Frost Faerie hadn’t budged.
“Come on, Ivolethe. We need your help. You’re the only one who could navigate through this snow.”
She gestured at the thick, falling snow around them. It was already piling up on the ground, and it made looking down the street a chore. Travelling outside would mean getting lost and freezing to death—for everyone but Ivolethe.
 
“Nae. Not even for friendship, Ryoka. My pride will not allow it.”
 
“Please, Ivolethe? Think of the children.”
The Frost Faerie paused. It was a low blow, but Ryoka saw it connect and pressed her advantage.
“They’re all by themselves in Laken’s village—probably hungry and cold. Think about that, Ivolethe. If I don’t bring food and supplies to them, they might freeze to death!”
 
“I’m thinking. So what?”
 
“You’d be doing a good thing. And you’d be a hero. I bet they’ll put up a statue to you, right, Laken?”
She nudged the blind man. He rubbed at his side and nodded.
“Oh, absolutely. I’ll put up a statue to you, Ivolethe. I swear it.”
The faerie wavered.
 
“Well…perhaps. But does it have to be red?”
 
Ryoka traded a glance with Laken. He didn’t trade one back.
“It would uh, be easier to see.”
He spread his hands and smiled up towards Ivolethe.
“Red is a very traditional color for Christmas, Ivolethe. And Rudolph’s nose was red. If you changed the color you…erm, you’d be doing the same thing as him. He was a hero, you know. Very famous.”
 
“Really?”
 
The Frost Faerie swooped down, intrigued. Laken nodded.
“Oh yes. Rudolph is…a, uh, legend where we come from. A folk hero, you could say. Beloved by all. Children everywhere in our world know his story.”
Ryoka held her breath. Ivolethe flew back upwards and muttered to herself. She looked down at Ryoka and sighed.
 
“A statue, ye say?”
 
Laken nodded.
“I swear it.”
Ivolethe sighed. She looked down at the two Humans and nodded slowly.
 
 “Well then. What shade must I be? Red of blood? Red of desert sand? Red of setting suns?”
 
Ryoka could have cheered. She smiled at Ivolethe and held her hands up towards the faerie.
“Bright red. Crimson, in fact. Like a flare—like this. See?”
Ryoka held up her hands and concentrated. The [Flare] spell burst into life between her hands, a brilliant searing red light that made Gamel and Durene cover their faces. Laken didn’t flinch.
 
“I see. Let me try.”
 
Ivolethe frowned at the brilliant red light and closed her eyes. She gritted her tiny teeth and then the blue aura surrounding her began to shift. The color blue deepened, and then turned purple—then a deep red, and then the same shade of brilliant red as the light in Ryoka’s hand.
“Dead gods!”
“By the Five Families…”
