3.41
Page 2
“Some of them aren’t. I think these ones are…younger? Ivolethe’s old, but some of the other faeries seem pretty gung-ho about anything that seems interesting.”
“Is that a good thing or a bad thing?”
Ryoka scowled.
“I don’t know. But it’s better to have them on your side than against you.”
“I agree with that.”
A change in the light above caught Ryoka’s attention. All of the faeries were copying Ivolethe, changing their colors. But they weren’t all turning red. No, some of them were turning green, others blue or purple—in no time at all, a storm of colors flew about in the air.
“I can’t believe it.”
Reynold was gaping and Durene and Gamel were staring upwards like children seeing fireworks or stars for the first time. Ryoka stared too.
Faeries, dancing in the night sky in every color imaginable. She felt something stir in her heart, but quashed it. She had a job to do.
She cleared her throat, and the faeries stopped flying about. Ryoka felt some semblance of ceremony was needed here, so she stood straight and pointed west, towards where Riverfarm lay.
“Is everyone ready? We’re going to Riverfarm, Laken’s village. You know the way?”
Ivolethe flew down and the faeries lined up behind her. She scowled.
 
“Aye, these fools know. We go, then?”
 
Ryoka nodded. She took a breath, and felt just a hint of Christmas spirit in her. Maybe that was what prompted her to say what she did next.
“Alright then. On Ivolethe, on Blue Faerie, on Green Faerie, and Cinnabar Faerie! On Puce Faerie, on Indigo Faerie, on Yellow Faerie and—you know what? Let’s just go.”
The faeries laughed and flew ahead. Ryoka ran after them, cursing as her shoes slipped a bit on the snow.
“Good luck!”
Laken shouted after her. He couldn’t see Ryoka leave, but he heard her footfalls die away quickly in the snow.
“She’s gone, right, Durene?”
“Yes, Laken. Did you see—I mean, those Winter Sprites! I’ve never seen—uh—”
“You’ll have to tell me how amazing it was.”
Laken smiled as he held out a hand and Durene took it. He carefully felt around at the rucksack he was carrying.
“I hope Ryoka gets to Riverfarm all right. But I won’t worry about it. For now, let’s get inside, have something hot to drink, and rest. But before all that—Durene, this is for you.”
“For me?”
The half-Troll blinked as Laken pulled something out of the rucksack. He’d had to buy it when she wasn’t around with Gamel’s help, but the indrawn breath he heard from her was worth it.
“It’s a present. For you. Merry Christmas, Durene. I don’t know what I’d do or where I’d be without you.”
He held out the clumsily-wrapped box, and felt two large hands take it from him.
“I—I don’t know—this is for Christmas, right? But how did you—Laken.”
“It’s for you. Open it.”
“I’ve never gotten a present before. Ever.”
Something constricted in Laken’s chest. He reached out and touched Durene’s hand.
“Well, today you did.”
He smiled. Durene stared down at the small box. Her hands trembled. She began to cry.
In the city of Invrisil, a blind man reached out and hugged a half-Troll girl as the snow began to fall harder outside. At the same time, a young woman ran out of the gates, following a red light that flew ahead of her. A stream of bright lights of every color flew around her, the only clear light in the darkness.
 
—-
 
“So, the presents will go here. If you’ve got them, put them here.”
Erin was busy in her inn the day before Christmas. She’d made a list, distributed it, and been happily surprised to find that most of her present-givers had already picked appropriate presents for the people she’d assigned them to.
