3.41
Page 6
Klbkch hesitated. He seemed to think as he crossed his arms.
“I did recall Bird mentioning something to that effect. But he was…vague. Is that what Erin said?”
“Yeah! Look, you weren’t here, but I heard her telling that thief-girl all about it. Good deeds means you get presents. So why don’t we do some?”
“I take it you have an idea in mind?”
“I might.”
Relc grinned as he rubbed at his chin. His dour mood had been replaced by a fun idea.
“Okay, here’s what I was thinking…I’ll run into the city and buy some stuff. You just need to find me a bag, a red suit, and uh, a beard. Make it white.”
“Very well. Let us proceed with your idea.”
The two [Guardsmen] headed back towards Liscor. That was fortunate for Klbkch, because an irate Antinium with blue shell missed him as she strode towards the inn.
Xrn opened the door and saw Revi step away as Typhenous hopefully tried for a kiss under the mistletoe. The Antinium watched with fascination, her ire with the elusive Klbkch forgotten as she witnessed several kisses…and those who didn’t get to kiss at all.
“Ew! Typhenous, no! Your breath smells horrible!”
The old [Mage] was crestfallen. He eyed Pisces as the younger man went back for round two with Revi. When Pisces was done, Typhenous caught the younger man.
“How is your breath not objectionable, young Pisces?”
Pisces paused. He took something out of a pocket and handed it to Typhenous. The mage stared down at the bit of green in his wrinkled palm. Pisces winked and whispered.
“Mint leaves.”
The old man stared at the leaves and then popped them into his mouth and chewed determinedly. The people who’d heard Pisces immediately left the inn to get some fresheners for their mouths.
Erin threw her hands up in the air.
“It’s not supposed to be a competition!”
She stomped over to the door to Octavia’s shop as Wesle hurried through it. Erin was going to close it, but Octavia called out.
“Erin! Erin! Get in here—I have something to show you!”
Erin paused at the doorway. She looked back at the kissing games, once again featuring Pisces as a main attraction and decided Octavia beat her inn. She walked through the door. What she and the occupied people of the inn didn’t notice was Mrsha, bored with the proceedings, slipping into Octavia’s shop as well.
“What have you got, Octavia?”
“Behold!”
The [Alchemist] was waving a bundle of what looked like twigs to Mrsha in front of Erin’s face. The Gnoll squinted and sniffed quietly as she hid in Octavia’s shop. She knew she wasn’t supposed to be here, but there were so many fascinating smells here! And Octavia had something strange in her hands.
They looked like small sticks, but with a bulb of…well, something strange on the ends. Erin had recognized them, though.
“Matches! No way! That’s it, exactly! Do they work?”
Octavia beamed, nodding and making her dreadlocks swing as she held one up to the light so Erin could see.
“It’s my newest creation. It’s not stable—I could do more with it, but you see, I’ve found a way to blend just a tiny bit of Corusdeer horn with sulfur and—look!”
She swiped the match down the side of the sandpaper box. Erin and Mrsha both gasped as the head of the match suddenly burst into flame. The Gnoll stared avidly at the flame on the end of the stick. How had Octavia done that? She’s simply moved the match…and there was fire! Was it magic? The Gnoll cub desperately wanted to try to do the same.
“You did it! That’s incredible! How’d you do it in one day?”
