3.41
Page 17
“He’s gotta. I mean…presents, right? You can’t just make do with [Craftsman] levels.”
Klbkch was silent. He paused as he thought more concretely about Santa, and the odds of receiving a specialty-made item manufactured across the continent. For the first time, Klbkch questioned Bird’s scattered account of a Human man who rode a sleigh pulled by reindeer that flew.
“…It occurs to me Relc, that this Santa Claus that Erin has spoken of does not exist. The presents may in fact come from other people and are simply attributed to his presence.”
Relc paused. His tail drooped as he suddenly put some obvious pieces together.
“No. You think so?”
“If Santa existed, why has he not given us presents before?”
“Aw…no! I thought maybe it was a Human thing and we were included on his list since Erin knows us!”
Klbkch brightened up.
“That may be true. I did not consider that. Let us ask Erin whether that is the case.”
Unfortunately, both Drake and Antinium found to their disappointment that Santa was a myth. Erin laughed herself off of her chair when she heard what they’d done. But she gave them a hug and hot food, and so the [Guardsmen] felt a bit better by the time the inn closed.
“I guess we’ll get our presents tomorrow. I mean, if anyone’s left any. Doesn’t look like it.”
Relc sighed as he double-checked all of the presents. There were none for him. He sagged, and then turned, pulling something out of the rucksack on his back.
“Hey Klb, I’m ready to go! Klb?”
The Antinium turned. He had something in his hands. A carefully wrapped present, tied with a string of twine. Relc stared at it, and then remembered Klbkch hadn’t brought his presents yet. He stared at the nametag, and saw his name on the tag.
Klbkch looked at Relc. The Drake had a clumsily-wrapped present in his claws, the wrapping already torn a bit. But Klbkch’s name was clearly scrawled on the nametag.
“Oh.”
“Ah.”
The two [Guardsmen] stared at each other. Then Relc laughed, and Klbkch opened his mandibles in a smile. They put their gifts together and walked out the door, side by side.
“Merry Christmas, Relc.”
“Yeah, Merry Christmas, Klb.”
The two sauntered down the hill towards Liscor, talking and chuckling over the events of the day. After a while, Relc frowned and stared back towards the inn.
“You didn’t get me anything creepy or wriggly, did you, Klb?”
“No. Did you get me coal, Relc?”
“No! You’ll like it. I think. Yeah. Probably.”
Klbkch nodded.
“Well then. I shall see you tomorrow.”
“Yeah. I’ll open your crappy gift during the party. At least I know I’ll have one, even if it is icky.”
“Indeed. One is better than none. I shall contain my disappointment.”
“You do that. Later.”
The two parted ways without a second word. They didn’t look back, but both walked with heads held high.
They were smiling.
 
—-
 
Late at night, the night before Christmas, hundreds of miles away, the villagers of Riverfarm were about to go to sleep on another miserable, ordinary day that was their life now. But the people who’d been posted sentry raised the alarm, shouting, as they saw something approaching their village in the dark flurrying snow.
“Who—who are you? I warn you, we’ve nothing to take! We’re under the protection of [Emperor] Laken! Begone if you mean trouble!”
Farmer Prost shouted as the dark shape ran towards him. He held a sword at the ready with two shaking hands. He’d never had to actually use it to fight; it was a memento from his father. He was about to swing when he saw the red light illuminating the distinct Runner’s Seal held in a gloved hand over Ryoka’s head.
