3.42
Page 5
Standing in the center of the room, Erin wiped sweat off of her face and tried to think of a good song to sing. She felt so tired. But this was Christmas, and she had guests to entertain!
“This one’s a song I hear—heard all the time back at home. Jingle bells!”
She took a breath, and people cheered. Erin closed her eyes—
And remembered.
The sounds around her faded. Part of it was people growing quiet, listening to her sing. But another part was different. It might have been magic, it might have been her Skill. But the guests in her inn suddenly heard a ringing bell, a beating drum, and then Erin’s voice, singing a song from childhood. From home.
“Dashing through the snow on a one-horse open sleigh, o’er the fields we go, laughing all the way…”
Home. It was something she’d avoided thinking of. But here, in this moment, in this place, Erin couldn’t escape. So she gave voice to that feeling her chest, the memories.
Home.
Maybe that was why the next song she sung wasn’t a Christmas carol. Erin sang a song from the band Journey. The classic. The story in the song that she’d danced to so many times as a kid. The song played in the 3rd Season of Scrubs.
Don’t Stop Believing. The crowd in her inn cheered wildly when Erin was done. Some of them were rubbing their ears and staring around the inn for the drums and electric guitars that had been playing—others just sat, listening with mouths open to a type of music that had not existed in their world until now.
Erin smiled as people cheered her on, demanding another song. She immediately launched into the classic she’d sung for Lyonette and Mrsha, Silent Night. She sang with her eyelids shut. She wasn’t standing in her inn anymore. She was somewhere else.
Where would she be if she were at home? She’d be…she’d be in her living room, eating with her mom and dad. She’d probably be laughing and eying the presents under the tree. Knowing her father, he’d have bought her some chess guide or a new board—her mom would get Erin some tasteful clothing that Erin had hinted she wanted. And Erin would be looking forwards to seeing her parent’s reactions for the presents she’d bought.
Or—Erin’s voice faltered. Would she be in college? She would have been in college after her one year break. Erin would probably have come home for the holidays, but—
“Erin?”
She looked around, and realized the song had ended. People were waiting for the next song. Erin smiled. She felt something building in her heart. She searched for a song, and couldn’t think of anything off the top of her head.
“Um—what should I sing next? Another Christmas song? Okay. Then I’ll sing…”
It came to her without thinking.
“How about Home For the Holidays? Anyone heard that song? Well—”
Erin smiled faintly as people cheered and clapped. She took a deep breath and began. There was no accompaniment for this song. It wasn’t an immortal moment. Erin felt her heart beating slowly as she began to sing, mechanically reciting the song she’d heard so many times.
“Oh there’s no place like home for the holidays—”
Only when she was halfway through did Erin’s mind catch up with what she was singing. She paused, and people looked up. She coughed, and felt something in her stop. The people who’d been swaying to the music paused and looked at her. She tapped her throat, cleared it.
“Sorry. Something was in my throat. Let me try again.”
She opened her mouth, and tried again.
“Oh there’s no place like home for the—”
Again she broke off. This time, the noise in the inn died. Erin lowered the wooden spoon in her hands.
