3.42
Page 9
“You’re telling me. Wait, now I remember…Erin said she ran away from something. Oh yeah, she said she ran away from a Dragon when she got here. I remember thinking how crazy she was!”
“A Dragon?”
The room stirred. Jasi exchanged a wide-eyed glance with the other Humans from Celum. Olesm and the other Drakes looked just as incredulous as Relc.
“There’s no way.”
“Right, I mean, that’s what Klb and I thought. She must have run from a Wyvern, right? Only, her arm was burned. A fire breathing Wyvern, I guess.”
“I find it hard to believe that girl would confuse a Wyvern with a Dragon.”
Seborn nodded to the door. Relc shrugged.
“Come on, it can’t have been a Dragon. She probably just thought it was because she’d never seen a Wyvern before.”
“If it was a Wyvern, why didn’t it run her down?”
Halrac stared at a scar on his arm. Ulrien nodded as everyone turned towards their table.
“Wyverns are fast hunters. They don’t give up on their prey. Even if she was running at night, it would have swooped down on her. Unless she had tree cover, and the area around Liscor has virtually no trees.”
“Except the ones that go ‘boom’. Yeah. Okay. But—nah, it was probably a huge salamander. That breathes fire. It’s not a Dragon, right Klbkch?”
Relc turned towards Klbkch. The Antinium was silent for a moment as every eye fell on him. Then he nodded.
“The odds of a Dragon living near Liscor are remote. It is highly unlikely it was a Dragon that Erin saw.”
“Right, there was no Dragon.”
“That is a reasonable assumption, yes.”
The Drake [Guardsman] nodded. He turned back to the others.
“The only reason I’m mentioning it, see, is because Erin said she was running away from that. So she might have come from…Esthelm? Only she didn’t know that city…damn. If it was a Dragon, it could have teleported her, since Dragons can do all kinds of things like that, right? But if it wasn’t a Dragon…did she say she was ever on a ship…? Let me think.”
The others kept conferring. But sitting at his table with Jasi, Grev wiped at his face and then stared at Klbkch. He looked back at the others, and then raised his hand.
“Hey.”
No one heard him. Grev hesitated, and then called out.
“Hey!”
All the adults turned to look at him. Some, like Halrac, were annoyed. Grev quailed, but he said his bit determinedly as he pointed to Klbkch.
“He never said there were no Dragons. That Ant man.”
“What? Grev, don’t interrupt—”
“No, wait. What did you say?”
Zel raised his claw and came away from the kitchen’s entrance. He stared at Grev. The boy gulped, but went on, stammering as everyone looked at him.
“He—it’s a trick, see? In the city. You learn to listen for it. If someone don’t say something’s true or not true, they’re not lying, see? But they’re still not saying if it’s true or not. That K—Kb—that guy said it weren’t likely Dragons were around Liscor. But he never said they wasn’t.”
The room grew very, very quiet. All heads turned to Klbkch. He sat next to Xrn, the overturned table at his feet. The blue Antinium was staring at Klbkch. But the Antinium said nothing.
“Hah! There are no Dragons. Tell him, Klbkch!”
Relc laughed nervously as he stared at his partner. Klbkch said nothing.
Krshia cleared her throat with a rumble.
“Why do you say nothing, Klbkch? Is it as the Human child says? We have Skills, yes. Skills to detect lying among those in this room. Say there are no Dragons and we shall know. Unless you are a deceiver of the highest level.”
Still, Klbkch said nothing. Relc lost his nervous grin. Ceria felt her heart begin to beat faster.
“Klb? Hey, buddy…”
