3.42
Page 4
Pisces could have told Hawk, or any of the Horns of Hammerad. But they were all busy watching Belgrade and Pawn take on the entire room at the tables where the game of Go was being played.
The two Antinium played anyone and everyone who sat at their tables. They moved their hands quickly, placing white and black stones, easily defeating most players. Pisces and Pawn were engaged in a heated speed-battle where each player had only a second to place a stone, while Belgrade dueled Olesm in a slower, more thoughtful match.
“Erin! Hey, Erin!”
Ceria waved at Erin and the girl skidded to a halt as she carried drinks over to Griffon Hunt. In the background Revi groaned loudly.
“What is it, Ceria? Emergency? Need something?”
Erin tried to wipe sweat off of her forehead as she turned towards Ceria. The half-Elf shook her head. She raised a half-devoured rib and pointed to it.
“Good meat! I love the sauce!”
Erin stared at Ceria for a second. She opened her mouth, and then turned and hurried off.
“Erin! Erin! Hey, Erin! I dropped my fork and can’t find it! I need another!”
“When are we opening presents?”
“Do you have more vegetables? Too much meat gives me gas.”
“I’m sorry, but I need another bucket of water. Too much heat. Do you have any on hand?”
Erin measured the minutes by the requests she got. She ran back and forth, smiling trying to avoid adding to the mess on the floors, and serving drinks and food in between.  She wasn’t aware of the time until Revi spoke up as Erin was serving her another drink.
“Is there any entertainment for the night? Or are we supposed to watch the Ants play that board game and chat and eat?”
The [Innkeeper] paused as Halrac and Ulrien both glared at Revi and she steadfastly ignored them.
“Entertainment? Um, like what? More alcohol?”
“No! Don’t you have someone who plays the lute, or tells stories?”
Revi stared around the room, eying the group of [Actors] hopefully. Erin wondered if they’d be able to perform, but her heart sank as she realized half of them were so drunk they could barely sit straight.
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“Why not sing?”
A laughing Drake who’d heard their conversation called that out. Erin turned towards him—he was one of Selys’ friends and had scales which were pink. He might have claimed they were red, but they were more pink than red in Erin’s eyes.
“What? Sing?”
“Aren’t you the Human who sang that one time? I heard the music on Hessal Street, halfway across the city!”
“That’s right! You could sing, Erin!”
Selys stood up and called it out. Heads turned, and after the guests at the inn pieced together what was going on, more raised their voices in approval.
“Sing!”
“I loved that song about defeating the Huns! Nice war song! Who are they?”
Ceria, sitting at a table and trying to talk herself out of eating another rib, sat up and nudged Yvlon. The woman stared as Erin was bombarded by calls to sing.
“Songs, huh? I remember Erin singing.”
Yvlon stared at Ceria. Their eyes found a table in the center of the room. Both remembered Erin singing. In a room full of adventurers, as she held an injured Pawn, singing into the night.
The half-Elf held her breath as Erin made her way into the center of the room. Erin was blushing, looking harried by all the pressure on her. But she obligingly grabbed a wooden spoon and used it as a fake microphone.
“Attention! Attention, everyone! I guess it’s song time! I’m going to sing you a few Christmas songs from home—I hope you like them!”
“Finally.”
Revi muttered and got a jab from Belgrade in the side as the Antinium went back to sit at their table.
