3.42
Page 13
“I have obtained the present for you, yes, Captain Springwalker.”
Ceria frowned as she opened the present.
“What is—”
She gasped and Pisces’ eyes nearly fell out his head as he stared at the lump of gold. Ceria gaped at the gold nugget and then at Ksmvr. He nodded in satisfaction.
“I was advised to get jewelry for you by Erin Solstice. Gold is a component of jewelry, hence this gift is appropriate. Do you like it?”
“Um. Yes!”
Other presents weren’t as dramatic. Lyonette was explaining to Halrac that the jar of honey and sausage was a gift from Mrsha—the Gnoll had picked out the sausage herself. Brunkr blinked down at the bottle of wine Wesle had given him and the [Actor] introduced himself awkwardly as he clutched the blanket Jasi had bought for him around his shoulders.
Relc had bought a wickedly sharp curved dagger that [Assassins] used for Klbkch. The Antinium had bought him a signed receipt from every tavern owner in the city, promising Relc ten free drinks.
“You guys are so sweet!”
Jelaqua laughed as she accepted her gifts from Seborn and Moore. Respectively they were a powdering kit to make her body look more alive, and an extra-powerful liquid soap bought from Octavia.
When Erin asked what the soap was for, Jelaqua winked at her.
“Helps with cleaning all the parts that get really messy. You know how it is.”
The girl shuddered. But then she laughed, and gave Jelaqua a hug, much to the Selphid’s delight.
It was Christmas. In time, people began looking towards their beds. The adventurers trooped upstairs, and the others bid Erin goodnight.
“They’ll all be heading out tomorrow. But if you want to talk—”
Selys gripped Erin’s hands gently with her claws. Erin didn’t quite meet her eyes as she smiled.
“I’ll be fine, Selys. I’m sorry about—well, merry Christmas.”
“Yeah. Have a good one. This was really fun, Erin.”
The others passed by Erin, nodding to her, shaking her hand, hugging her—Klbkch paused as Xrn stood by his side.
“I apologize for causing a commotion in your absence, Erin.”
“Oh? Uh, well, you’re forgiven.”
Erin blinked as he bowed his head and left. She stared as Klbkch walked out into the snow with Xrn.
The two Antinium moved in silence, and then Xrn looked at Klbkch.
“Do you understand what I did in there, Klbkch?”
“I understand, but I do not know why.”
Klbkch stared at Xrn. The Small Queen sighed.
“Had we talked, you would know. But understand this, Klbkch. I did not come here to simply evaluate your Hive’s latest works. There is more at stake here.”
Klbkch hesitated.
“Then it seems we must talk after all. I feared what you might say. Now I do not know what you have come here to tell me.”
“Well then. Let us find out.”
They walked off towards their Hive.
 
—-
 
Back at the inn, Halrac, Revi, Typhenous, and Ulrien stood together in the hallway as Erin bade the last of her guests goodnight, speaking quietly.
“We’ll leave tomorrow, then. Halrac, are you sure this is what you want to do?”
“Ask, Ulrien.”
The [Scout] stood with arms folded. He stared down towards the staircase. He could still hear Erin saying goodbye to Octavia.
“There’s something about her. Just ask your contacts and I’ll ask mine. That’s all I want.”
“Who is that girl?”
Revi stared at her teammates. No one answered. Ulrien yawned, and looked to his room.
“We may find an answer tomorrow. Until then…Merry Christmas.”
“Yeah.”
“I suppose?”
“Merry Christmas to you all.”
