3.42
Page 7
Revi’s raised voice attracted a few dark looks, but people were more concerned with Erin. Selys stroked Mrsha’s head as the Gnoll clung to Lyonette and buried her face in the girl’s shirt.
“I had no idea Erin was feeling so down. She didn’t say anything to me, and we’re best friends!”
“I say it’s all the work she’s been doing. Halrac is right—she needs a rest. And a friend. We should see if she wants to talk when she gets back.”
Ceria put her head in her hands as she sat at a table with Yvlon, Ksmvr, and the Halfseekers. She felt her own eyes stinging and brushed angrily at them.
“We should have been helping out and keeping her company instead of drinking and doing nothing! We should take tomorrow off and—just be there with her.”
Yvlon and Ksmvr agreed to the idea and Ceria saw other people nodding in agreement around the room. But it was Relc of all people who stared at the ceiling and shook his head.
“Naw, that’s stupid.”
“What?”
Ceria turned and glared at him. The Drake sighed. He looked older as he sat in a chair and leaned back.
“You know what we should do? We should leave her alone. If anyone stays here, she’ll just look after them. That’s what she does. Look after people. She’s a weird Human like that.”
The half-Elf opened her mouth to retort angrily, and then closed it. At his table, Ulrien nodded.
“That’s true. If we’re here, she has a job. We’re her customers, not just her friends. I say tomorrow, we all go into the city and give her the space she needs. We eat, and sleep there if we can manage it.”
“Ulrien!”
Revi protested. He looked hard at her.
“It’s what’s right, Revi. We won’t have a problem occupying ourselves for one day. And in the meantime, anyone who wants to talk with Erin can. But I think the Drake’s right. Giving Erin time alone is what she needs.”
“My name’s Relc, asshole.”
The other guests of Erin’s inn were in agreement. Selys was still very upset, though. She paced back and forth in front of her table.
“I just—I don’t know what to tell Erin! She wants to go home? Where’s she from? Terandria? Baleros? Chandrar? She’s never talked about it once!”
She looked at Krshia.
“Where’s Erin from? Has she told you?”
The Gnoll shifted, and looked around the room. Brunkr, who’d put his head down, raised it warily. Krshia nodded at the door.
“I have some knowledge of her home, but it is not for me to say, no. I am sorry, Selys. But Erin is a girl of many secrets. Her home is one of them, and few know of it.”
“Some know. Or have guessed.”
Ceria folded her arms frowning at the door as well. She was talking about Pisces, whom she was sure knew more than her.
“How hard is it to find out? Erin’s got to have said something to someone. Why’s going back so hard? Does she not have enough coin to pay her way home? Is she an outcast? What?”
Wesle’s face was filled with honest confusion. He looked around.
“I mean, she’s never spoken to me about it. But where’s her home?”
No one knew. And those that did weren’t saying. Yvlon sat with some of the others, frowning as they talked it over.
“She didn’t know about Terandrian nations. And she’s not from Chandrar.”
“Are you certain?”
Olesm nodded. He was toying with a chess piece, tail twitching with emotion.
“Yeah. She didn’t know about the King of Destruction.”
Yvlon shook her head.
“What, him waking up? That’s big news, but—”
“No, she didn’t know about the King of Destruction at all.”
“You’re kidding. Then is she from Baleros?”
“Hardly. Remember Gazi? She told me she’d never met a Gazer before in her life! She thought Gazi was a full Gazer, not a half-Gazer!”
