3.42
Page 3
“They were playing a knife flipping game, but Wesle lost his grip and—I’m so sorry, Erin!”
“No problem. It’s no problem—I’ll just uh, board that up—”
Erin ran off. Relc came out under the table.
“Oops. How mad was she?”
It was Krshia who saw Erin run back with a hammer and nails and a piece of wood. The Gnoll stood up to offer Erin a paw, but Brunkr, sitting beside her, suddenly hissed and grabbed his Aunt with his good hand.
“Aunt! That’s Zel Shivertail sitting there! I knew I’d seen his face before! That’s him! The Tidebreaker!”
“Of course he is. He stays at Erin’s inn, yes?”
Krshia shook her head as Brunkr goggled at her.
“If you’d been out at any time, you would have learned this. Go talk to him if you are so desperate.”
“Talk? Me?”
Across the room, Halrac’s keen ears heard Erin yelp. He saw her blowing on a finger she’d accidentally hammered and lowered his mug.
“Why’s she got a hammer?”
Ulrien, sitting next to him followed Halrac’s gaze. The [Scout] grunted irritably.
“Someone broke a window.”
“That’s why glass is risky.”
Halrac’s longtime comrade shook his head. Ulrien gazed at Erin as she took her tools away and stared at the rough patch on the window. The big man nodded to the [Innkeeper].
“Your friend seems tired.”
“She’s not my friend. And she’s fine. She’s smiling.”
Halrac glared at Ulrien, but the leader of Griffon Hunt pushed his mug back and shook his head.
“How can you be a [Veteran Scout] with over 30 levels in your class and still not see the obvious, Halrac? Look at her. She’s smiling, but she’s exhausted.”
The [Scout] looked, and this time he saw Ulrien was right. Erin was smiling, but she nearly tripped over her own bucket bringing it back into the kitchen. She had rings around her eyes.
“She needs to hire someone else. Running an inn’s no job for just her and a [Barmaid].”
That came from Hawk. He was sitting with Halrac and Ulrien, having made their acquaintance earlier today. He’d actually met them a few times while running deliveries, hence their easy camaraderie.
All three males watched as Erin ran over to help Garry and Lyonette put a positively gargantuan platter of barbequed ribs on the table. Erin rushed into the kitchen and came out with the fried potato strips she called ‘fries’.
“A hard worker. You were right when you said we should stay here, Halrac.”
Ulrien raised his mug and took a drink. He tilted it up for the dregs. Hawk nodded, looking hungrily at the fries. Some were made of sweet potatoes, and reminded him of carrots.
“This inn is hopping. And the food is excellent! I’d heard that Erin came up with new food every other day, but this is just impressive. You wouldn’t happen to know if anyone’s planning on moving out, would you? I’d love to rent a room…”
“Oh Erin! Erin!”
Halrac gritted his teeth as a familiar voice called out Erin’s name for the seventh time that night. Erin came over a bit slower than usual, because Revi was the one waving her hand.
“We need a refill! We’ve been waiting for five minutes already!”
“Coming up!”
Erin ran off. Halrac glared at Revi, sitting at the table behind him.
“Stop pestering her. Can’t you see she’s busy?”
Revi gave Halrac the condescending look he hated so much.
“She’s an innkeeper, Halrac. This is her job. If she’s too busy to serve drinks, she should hire someone else to help!”
“That’s what I said!”
Hawk leaned around Halrac to speak to Revi.
“Did you know there used to be a skeleton that helped around the inn? It was the talk of the city! I wonder what happened to it…”
