3.42
Page 2
The girl turned and smiled up at Moore. He smiled back and ducked his head. As the half-Giant walked back to his table where a bunch of the adventurers had gathered, he passed by two arguing Antinium. One, a slim Antinium with blue carapace, unique among her kind, was not happy with the other.
“You have run off to this inn and avoided speaking with me for the fifth time, Klbkch. What attracts you so?”
Klbkch the Slayer, one of the legendary Centenium, Revelantor of the Free Antinium of Liscor and acting Prognugator, hunched his shoulders as Xrn glared at him.
“It is Christmas. This is an important tradition that I must undertake to spread goodwill—”
“You spend all your time eating and talking with that Human. Does your Queen know you’re doing this?”
He did not reply. Xrn made an exasperated hissing-click that needed no translation.
“Once I am done eating this bee, you and I are going back to the Hive. We must talk, Klbkch.”
“But I have to obtain my presents.”
“That is no—what kind of presents? And is that honey I see over there?”
Xrn grew distracted as she saw the fluffy bread, sitting appetizingly on one table. She knew the Antinium could not process gluten well, but she could still desire to taste the food.
“Honored Prognugator Xrn.”
A voice interrupted Xrn as Klbkch was sinking down in his seat. Both Antinium looked up. Ksmvr cringed as he bowed, but he still offered her the small trinket in his third hand.
“What is this? And who are you?”
“I was the Prognugator for the Hive until my…failures. However, I see your gaze upon the bread. I would like to give you this small token, that you might eat it.”
He offered Xrn the trinket he’d taken from the dead Goblin that resisted food poisoning. Xrn stared at the amulet, and then at Ksmvr. She closed his hand over the trinket.
“Fascinating. Thank you, Ksmvr. I have seen the spell and will copy it. Your help is appreciated.”
Ksmvr was stunned. He bowed and retreated, staring once at Klbkch. Xrn muttered to herself and tapped her chest, replicating the spell she had just seen.
“I had no idea such a spell existed. I did not look or think of it until now, but this is extraordinary. I should like to taste that bread.”
Beside her, Klbkch sat up.
“Will you cast that spell on me?”
“No. You do not deserve it. Why did you exile that poor Antinium, Klbkch? And why does he look like a copy of your former self? He walks like you. What has your Queen been up to?”
“It is a long story. If I tell you, will you cast the spell on me as well?”
As the two Antinium sat together, Ksmvr passed by Erin on his way back to the Horns of Hammerad. He saw her desperately calling for Lyonette to help her; she was balancing at least eleven dishes together on her way back to the kitchen.
“Let me.”
Ksmvr was preempted from helping by Typhenous. The mage lifted the mess of plates up and walked into the kitchen. Erin sighed with relief.
“Thank you so much!”
“Sorry, Erin! I was running to get more water!”
Lyonette came over, puffing from her run outside with the buckets. Erin saw several basins full of snow lined up by the fire, melting into water.
“It’s fine, Lyonette. Go back to serving if you’ve got time—I think Garry’s got the pizzas all ready. Now—who was calling my name?”
She went over and found Jasi wringing her hands. Grev was sitting at the table, glaring at Wesle as the former [Guardsman] hunched over in his seat. Erin didn’t see Relc at first; he was trying to hide under the table.
“What’s wr—”
She felt the cold air and saw a hole and the broken glass. Jasi explained.
