3.42
Page 8
Jelaqua walked over, suddenly alert. She stared at the others.
“Wait, Gazi? You mean, Gazi the Omniscient? That monster? How does a girl like Erin know her?”
“She poked Gazi’s eye out.”
“She what?”
Amid the second uproar, Halrac ground his teeth. He grabbed the wooden spoon Erin had dropped and snapped it with a twist of his hands. The sound of breaking wood echoed through the room like a gunshot. Everyone stared at the [Scout]. Halrac’s face was red and he looked angrier than anyone but Ulrien had ever seen him.
“None of this is helpful. So Erin doesn’t seem like she’s from one of the four main continents. So where did she come from?”
“The same place as Ryoka Griffin.”
Ceria spoke quietly, tracing a pattern in the spilled ale on one of the tables and freezing the liquid with the tip of her skeletal finger. Everyone fell silent at this. Those who didn’t know Ryoka asked who she was and got varied responses.
Someone else reacted strongly to Ryoka’s name. Zel’s head turned ever so slightly. But he said not a word as he leaned against the kitchen doorframe. Only Mrsha saw his entire body tense and the claws on his feet dig into the floorboards.
“Hold on, if Erin’s from the same place as that Runner chick, she can’t be nearby. There’s no one who looks like her in Izril, I’m certain.”
Relc scratched the spines on his head as he frowned. Yvlon nodded.
“She’s an islander. From far across the seas, I thought. Is Erin from there?”
“No, she can’t be! She never mentioned getting on a ship to me when we met.”
All eyes were on Relc. Standing against the far wall, Klbkch stared at his partner as Relc tried to puzzle out Erin’s origins out loud.
“You see, Klb and I, we were the first people who met her. In this inn. Well, not this inn, but the old one. We saw smoke coming out of the chimney one day while we were on patrol. We came to investigate whether bandits or fugitives were hiding out here, and found…her. Just living here.”
“You didn’t ask how she came here?”
Ceria stared incredulously at Relc. He raised his claws.
“It wasn’t our business! She said it might have been a teleportation spell, but she wasn’t actually sure how she ended up around Liscor. Besides, none of the [Mages] detected any magic that night when we asked them, so I thought she was mistaken. That’s as far as we looked into it.”
“That’s all you did?”
“We were busy! She wasn’t a wanted criminal anywhere—and believe me, the Captain had us check. She was just some strange Human who came here out of nowhere. Funny thing, though…”
The Drake paused and scratched at his chin.
“She can’t have come from the south. It’s way too dangerous for someone who’s not a Runner or warrior to travel alone, and Erin didn’t have any potions or weapons on her. And if she’d come down the northern road someone would have mentioned her, right? I remember traffic was good that day, but no one talked about a girl like her when we asked if they’d seen her.”
“So what?”
“So…I don’t get how she got here. Liscor’s surrounded by mountains. Really big mountains. There’s no way she could climb the High Passes, not with no levels…wait, she did say she was from some place. Hold on. What was it called?”
Everyone waited. Relc scratched his head.
“What was the place called? Michi…Missia…hm. Nope. I don’t recall.”
Expectant breaths were released. The listeners shook their heads as Relc shrugged helplessly.
“No levels?”
Typhenous frowned. Relc nodded absently.
“Yeah. She only had like four levels in [Innkeeper]. But nothing else. That’s what she said.”
“Strange.”
