3.42
Page 1
He snapped at Ilvriss as the Lord of the Wall stood, warm and comfortable in his heavy fur coat and enchanted clothing. The other Drake stared at Zel Shivertail with a look of incredulity.
“I would rather eat my tail than sit in the same room with one of the Ants. You seem to be able to tolerate them—and all those Humans. I am simply telling you what to look out for.”
“I know what to look for. Anything. We don’t know why Xrn and the other Antinium are here. Your precious city leaders and councils have oh so many suspicions and fears, but you know nothing.”
Zel growled at Ilvriss. The Lord of the Wall was unmoved. He glanced towards the inn with a sour expression.
“Just listen and don’t drink yourself under the table, Shivertail. We have a duty. You and I might have come north looking for that Human Runner, but this is far bigger than either of us.”
“Don’t I know it. I’ll keep an earhole open, don’t you worry.”
The [General] turned away from Ilvriss. He began stomping towards the inn, moving quickly to keep out of the cold.
Quickly for Zel meant that he reached the inn in three minutes. He was still half-frozen by the time he did, but opening the door and feeling the warm rush of air on his scales and smelling all the delicious scents in the air made everything worth it.
“Uncle!”
Someone called his name. Zel looked around and smiled as he saw his favorite niece. The one who didn’t treat him like a living legend. Selys was sitting at a table with Mrsha, the Gnoll named Krshia, Olesm, and—Zel’s smile faltered a bit—Pawn.
The Drake only hesitated for a second. He came over and smiled as everyone welcomed him. He didn’t sit next to Pawn, but he didn’t sit far away from the Antinium either. Pawn he could tolerate.
“Uncle, I think that blue Antinium’s here. So is Klbkch. Don’t make a scene.”
Selys warned Zel, which was probably wise. The [General] stiffened, but Selys deposited Mrsha in his lap. The Gnoll stared soulfully up into Zel’s eyes and a crisis was averted.
Running about the inn, Erin felt like all was crisis. She lifted a pan up and yelped as the hot handle scorched her hands. She would have dropped the pan filled with fried ground beef and onions, but someone caught it by the base.
“Are you alright, Miss Erin?”
Garry held the hot pan without a care in the world. Erin blew on her hands as he put the meat back on the stove.
“Great, Garry! Your carapace is awesome, you know that?”
“It is a very helpful aid when I handle hot or cold objects. Or cut myself.”
Garry nodded. He lifted a basket of Erin’s new, ultra-fluffy bread up and carried it out into the common room. Erin followed him with a pot of butter and another one of honey.
Noise. And people calling her name. Erin smiled as people eating and laughing and playing games turned and waved at her. She put the food down in the center of the room and saw Mrsha leap off of Zel’s lap and make a beeline towards the food.
Someone who made a beeline towards Erin was Revi. The Stitch-girl [Mage] put her hands on her hips.
“Erin, please tell Octavia to stop trying to sell me things! Just because we’re both the same species doesn’t mean I’ll buy her insane potions.”
“I’ll have a word with her. Would you like some bread?”
Erin dealt with Revi as someone else came up to take a few warm buns and slather them with honey and butter.
“Miss Solstice, are you sure you have enough food for me? I am quite fine eating whatever—”
“I’m fine! Eat! Eat!”
