3.42
Page 14
Halrac and Revi went to their rooms. Typhenous bade them goodnight. He paused at the doorway, and turned to make sure the corridor was empty. Then he smiled and put a finger to his head. He whispered as he entered his room.
“[Message] spell to Lord Tyrion Veltras. Please record the following message and deliver at once. Yes…I will pay for immediate priority delivery.”
He spoke a short message as he closed the door to his room. No one heard. Or rather, Typhenous thought that no one heard.
Pisces shook his head as he cancelled the [Invisibility] spell and walked silently down the stairs towards the basement. Mages. It was the same in Wistram—despite knowing such powerful magics, even the best mages were so careless. How hard would it have been to put up a [Muffle] spell, or a [Contained Sound] ward? He could just put his ear to the door and listen!
“What the hell were you doing up there?”
Ceria hissed at Pisces as she and the other Horns of Hammerad stood at the door to the basement. Pisces flicked his fingers and the specialized magic only she could read flickered before her eyes.
Tell you later. Much is afoot.
She stared at him, and then yanked the trapdoor open. Yvlon and Ksmvr went down below.
“Erin? We’re going to sleep. Goodnight.”
“Oh. Goodnight!”
Erin turned and smiled at the Horns of Hammerad. Ceria nodded to her, searching the Human girl’s face. But Erin seemed cheerful, if tired.
The half-Elf and Pisces went down below. Erin turned and saw Lyonette and Mrsha standing on the stairwell.
“Do you need anything else, Erin?”
“No, I think we can clean up tomorrow. You two have a good night. Merry Christmas!”
Mrsha made a small, indistinct, sleepy noise and Lyonette smiled.
“Merry Christmas, Erin.”
And then she went upstairs. Erin stood in the center of her messy room, smiling faintly. She noticed coins on the tables and frowned. Apparently, people still paid her for the party.
She went around from table to table, collecting coins. As she did, Erin mechanically piled up dishes. When she got to the overturned table, she stopped.
Slowly, Erin looked around the dark room. The only light now came from the fireplace. Erin went over to it and stared at the embers. They glowed in the darkness, but dimly. They were fading, without any fuel left to consume.
She looked around again. No one. Erin was sure everyone was asleep by now. So she sat by the fire and stared into the remains.
“I really screwed up, didn’t I?”
Erin said it softly, not wanting to wake anyone. How could she have done that? Broken down in front of everyone? On Christmas?
Her hands trembled. Now that she was alone, really alone, Erin felt her eyes stinging again. She’d ruined Christmas. Even if people were happy now, she’d made them all sad. Because she was sad.
But she was sad! Erin stared at the blurry orange light and wiped at her eyes. Her shoulders began to shake.
Standing at the top of the stairs, Lyonette made not a noise. She stared down into the dark room, at the figure sitting by the fire. She heard the muffled sounds, almost indistinct in the quiet inn. And then Erin’s voice.
She was crying again. When no one could see. Lyonette leaned against the bannister as she heard Erin’s voice.
“I want to go home!”
Erin wept uncontrollably as she sat alone by the dying fire. Hidden in the shadows, Lyonette stared down at Erin. She reached a hand out, and then turned away.
