3.42
Page 12
“There are others in this room who know I am speaking the truth. I did not kill Sserys. Now. Would you like to know who did?”
Zel’s heart stopped. He stared at Xrn.
“Who?”
“It was no soldier. No common warrior of the Hives. Of course, you knew that. A single thrust to the heart.”
The Small Queen stared around the room. Her eyes returned to Zel, and her mandibles opened.
“Three Prognugators, three of the original Prognugators survived the war. You named us. Each one. Klbkch the Slayer. I, Xrn. The Small Queen. And the last…”
“Wrymvr. The Deathless.”
Xrn nodded slightly.
“Just so. Ask him what became of Sserys if you are so inclined.”
Something was burning hot in Zel’s chest. He took a step and the room tensed. But he staggered towards the door. Zel pushed it open and disappeared into the snowstorm. He didn’t feel the cold. He didn’t feel anything, but the beating of his heart. He heard the word in his mind, like a pulse thumping in his chest.
Wrymvr the Deathless.
When he was gone, Xrn turned to the speechless room. She smiled, opening her mandibles as the swirling lights in her eyes lightened and turned bright orange.
“Well, I have done one of the things I have come here to do. Klbkch, we shall speak now. Or perhaps after your presents are opened. Erin Solstice returns.”
All heads turned towards the door. After a few seconds, it was pushed open. Erin walked into the inn, no longer crying. She smiled cheerfully at everyone.
“I’m so sorry guys. I don’t know what happened. I can’t apologize enough, but—”
She paused and stared at the overturned table, at the people gathered together, the tense adventurers, and the stunned looks on most of her guests.
“Uh. What happened?”
 
—-
 
After that came presents. It seemed like almost a letdown after all that had passed, but no one had told Erin what had happened and she was determined to salvage the party.
“Here you are, Klbkch! It’s from me!”
The Antinium took the present gingerly, ignoring the stares coming his way. He unwrapped the gift and found…
“A scarf.”
It was black, with splashes of red along the ends. Klbkch stared at the scarf as Erin smiled nervously.
“I had it specially knit. Jasi knows a good [Seamstress], and, well, I thought it would look good on you! I know the Antinium don’t have possessions, but I thought you could wear it now and then…”
Klbkch looked at Erin. Without a word he wound it around his neck. The scarf’s red ends dangled around his shoulders.
“I appreciate it deeply, Erin.”
“Ooh, is that for me? What did I—food!”
Relc goggled at his present. Erin laughed as he lifted out the huge jar of what were to him, strange, round, golden-brown circles.
“They’re cookies! Honey cookies, extra sugary, Relc! Ever since Octavia helped me make baking powder, I’ve been dying to make some!”
“Are they—are they all…?”
“All for you! Go on! Try one!”
Relc did. He bit into the chewy, thick cookie and teared up. He hugged Erin tightly, making her yelp as he scarfed down another cookie.
“They’re so good! So good! So sweet!”
Everyone had presents, and everyone opened them, with the exception of the absent Zel and Xrn, whom Erin hadn’t included on the list. They opened presents, at first awkwardly, but soon getting over the excitement of the last few minutes for a more normal, fun experience.
“A new robe?”
Pisces stared incredulously at Ceria. He held up the pristine white robes, made of strong, soft cotton. She smiled wryly at him.
“Don’t go crying on my shoulder. Erin insisted I get something for you—hold on Ksmvr. Is this for me?”
