4.00 K
Page 15
“We learned more about other continents, my King. And Mars tested our ability to fight. She says we might make decent warriors if we practice at it.”
“Good. I am not certain that is the best class for the two of you to take, but it is worth considering if you have the aptitude.”
Flos sighed as he regarded the twins. He didn’t look tired, but he did look…less intense than normal. That was unusual, because it was only midday and Trey had known Flos to work late into the night and rise hours later with energy to spare.
“Is everything alright, my…liege?”
The [King] waved a huge hand at Trey.
“When we are not in a public setting you need not address me with titles. Actually…you need not address me so in a public setting either. I have told my Seven and Orthenon the same, but they refuse to listen. But in your world, it is not common to speak to others in such a way, is it?”
“Yeah, but we don’t speak to the Queen.”
Trey pointed that out. Flos smiled.
“But your Queen should have those who speak to her as a person, not as a monarch. It is not always pleasant, to be a [King] at all times.”
He sighed, and turned back to his dresser, picking something up. Trey saw Flos turn back with a broach in his hands, a bright yellow gem set with violet ones around the gold rim.
“Perhaps that is why I keep the two of you close. Disregarding your knowledge of your world…I crave those who will treat me not as a King, but as something else. What, I do not know. Regardless. Tell me, have you often ventured outside my palace walls?”
“No.”
The two chorused as once. Teres clarified.
“We don’t often go out. But we’ve walked through the city a few times.”
There wasn’t actually much to see. There was lots to do, and so they’d accompanied Flos in rebuilding a house, or seeing to some minor emergency or other. But the people had flocked around him. In the times when he wasn’t there, people were always busy. It was just crumbling buildings and worn down stone as far as Trey was concerned.
“Well, I suppose today will be instructive. You see, Teres, Trey, I desire something of you.”
“Yes, my l—”
Trey bit his tongue. Flos shook his head.
“You see? Already you are so much like the others. But it occurs to me that I am missing something dearly.”
“What’s that?”
“Honesty. Clarity. Someone who will treat me as a friend, a man, a nuisance. Not as a [King]. From you two, I ask it; and I will have it from my people today, one way or the other. I have had such relationships few times before. But it was that honesty I needed. Isn’t that right, old friend?”
Trey had no idea who Flos was talking to. But then the [King] moved and Teres screamed.
There was a head sitting on Flos’ dresser. A head, encased in ice. It was one Trey recognized. His stomach threatened to empty itself as he stared into the bitter expression of the Architect, one of the King’s Seven.
Drevish.
Teres’ scream hadn’t gone unheard. Almost faster than thought, there was someone pounding on Flos’ door.
“My King?”
“All is well.”
Flos stepped towards the door and opened it. Trey heard him reassuring whomever was outside in the background. His eyes were fixed on the block of ice. He kept staring until someone blocked it from view. Flos.
“I did not mean to startle you. I apologize. I had forgotten such sights were not common in your world.”
He spoke gently to Trey and Teres, with a hint of chagrin in his voice. The two stared at him. Teres lifted a shaking finger.
“Why—why do you have—”
“Why didn’t it melt?”
That was Trey’s question. Flos turned and stared at Drevish’s head.
