4.00 K
Page 9
Orthenon turned to look at Mars, unruffled by her ire. The woman shrugged. She was a [Vanguard], Trey knew. A powerful warrior class, and her nickname was Mars the Illusionist. And…that was all he knew about her, really.
“Fine. But it seems strange to me that the world doesn’t know our lord has awoken already.”
“It would be difficult for most to know. Orthenon has kept a lock on word spreading, and it is hardly knowledge most wish the people to know. Most likely all the powerful leaders of nations know, and perhaps groups like the mages of Wistram or traders of Roshal have found out. But the world? No.”
Gazi’s voice was soft, but all heads turned to listen to her when she spoke. Flos nodded, looking pensive.
“Word of my return is a weapon in itself. I fear that my vassals and allies will be attacked regardless of the measures Orthenon takes. But I will leave it to him to decide what is best. Now, Gazi. What of Takhatres?”
The half-Gazer smiled lazily as all eyes turned to her again. Trey felt Teres shudder a bit as Gazi’s lips moved up. It was a smile, but as Teres has pointed out to Trey, there was nothing really nice about it. The only time Gazi ever actually looked affectionate was when she looked at her King. And even then, she was scary.
“He sends word that he has reached his tribe, and they have begun crossing the desert. I believe they will begin striking at the holding of the Emperor of Sands within three days or less.”
“Good.”
Flos looked like he had more to say, but he didn’t say it. Trey saw Mars, Gazi, and Orthenon all glance at their King, and then at each other. He wanted to ask the question in his chest, but he didn’t dare speak. The presence of the people around him was overwhelming.
“Well then, I will visit this wall, and then hear what else ails my people.”
The King nodded to himself as he turned left down a corridor. He looked down towards Trey and Teresa, and they both stiffened.
“Trey, Teres. I believe it would be best if you two learned more about the continent today. Orthenon, please take some time out of your day to teach them. After that…Mars, if you would, find out if either has the aptitude with weapons.”
“At last!”
The armored woman laughed as the twins exchanged a glance. Today was the day? Flos had been hinting—Trey raised his voice because he knew Teres would never dare to speak.
“Are we—are we going to learn how to fight? Your majesty? What will we be doing?”
“I told you on the day I accepted your service that I would have you follow me into battle and across the seas. If you have the aptitude for arms, it is best you learn from Mars how to fight. If not…I will find another teacher for you.”
Flos nodded to Orthenon. The man stepped away from his King, bowing, and then beckoned to Trey and Teres.
“This way, you two. I will instruct you for an hour and then give you over to Mars.”
“Meet me in the training grounds when you’re done! Don’t fear—I won’t break either of you two!”
Mars laughed loudly as Trey and Teres followed Orthenon away. The tall man glanced down at the two, and slowed a bit; both twins’ legs hurt from trying to keep up with Flos’ long stride.
“I noted your confused faces earlier. Ask me your question.”
Trey gulped, but it was Teres who spoke before him. She was quiet and shy around everyone except Flos and Orthenon. Flos, because it was impossible to stay silent when he asked a question and Orthenon because she liked him.
“Will Lord Takhatres be alright, fighting against the Emperor of Sands by himself?”
Trey nodded. As always, Teres had had the same thought as him. Orthenon sighed.
