4.00 K
Page 17
It was a command. Trey’s legs moved him towards the door. But Teres stayed where she was. She clenched her fists. She was shaking with emotion. There were tears in her eyes.
And there was something in Trey’s heart too. Something that made him stop, despite the urge to listen to the [King]. His King? Yes. No! A King, but not one Trey had ever sworn allegiance to. A King, but one who had made Trey and Teres his servants against their will. A King, yes.
But not a God.
Trey looked back over his shoulder, and saw a man. Flos towered over Teres, but he was a man. Not just a [King]. And she stood in his way. Because it was right.
Slowly, Trey turned back. He walked over to Teres, and stood in front of Flos. The man stared down at them, unable to believe his eyes.
“I told you to move.”
Again, Trey felt the urge to move, but he didn’t. Flos was a [King]. Trey was serving him. He had to—
But he was wrong. And someone had to say it. Trey opened his mouth.
“No. It’s wrong.”
He stared into two burning eyes. There was fury there, uncontained.
“I gave you an order. Are you disobeying your [King]?”
“We’re not your subjects! We never asked to be!”
Standing next to him, Teresa screamed at Flos. She gave vent to the feeling the twins had felt this entire time. She pointed at him.
“You’re the one who decided everything! Well, we’re sick of it! You want us to tell you what we think? We think you’re wrong! And you can just live with that!”
She stood next to Trey, shaking with anger. And he remembered, dimly, that it was always Teres who started fights. When the twins got angry, she was the one who popped her lid first. He stared at his twin sister with horrified admiration as she finished shouting at the King of Destruction in his own bedroom.
“No matter what you say, we won’t change our minds, you—you bloody twit!”
Trey heard ringing in his ears. Teres’ voice echoed through Flos’ chambers, and then there was silence. Dead silence. Trey stared up at the King of Destruction and saw him staring down.
This was where he died. Trey waited for wrath and fury, but heard nothing. He chanced another peek up, and saw something strange.
Flos’ face had changed. There was no anger there any longer, but rather another emotion. It looked like amusement, but there was something else there. Trey had seen Flos laugh many times before, but this was different.
It was amusement and joy. And nostalgia. It was rueful, melancholic. And it was there for an instant, before Flos turned away.
“Oh Drevish, would that you could have been here. Would you have laughed, or told me I was a fool?”
He walked back, away from the twins. Slowly, Flos bent and picked up the block of ice. It did not melt in his hands as he stared down at the man’s head. His friend’s head. When he turned back to the twins, there were tears in his eyes.
A King wept. Unabashedly, his eyes overflowed as he held his friend and stared into his eyes.
“You are right.”
He said that to Teres, and then to Trey.
“You are right. I—I have asked so much of my vassal, my companion over the long years. So much, and yet in death I ask more. To wait for so long…it would be far kinder to let him rest. It was my selfishness that demanded he watch over me even now.”
He turned away from the two. Flos stared down at the block of ice and then bent. He kissed the ice over Drevish’s brow.
“Sleep, old friend. I am sorry. It has been far too long since you treated me like a fool. Somehow, I had forgotten what it felt like to be one. But these two can speak the truth to me in your absence. So rest.”
