4.00 K
Page 13
“I don’t know why my King hasn’t ordered me to war. But I think it’s because he’s waiting until he is ready for it.”
“Ready?”
Trey raised his head, trying not to gulp water down and throw up. Again. Mars nodded, looking pensive.
“I haven’t seen him on the training grounds. And my lord Flos was never one to shirk practice. It has been ten years, and perhaps he wishes to regain his skill before he rides out. A [King] must be strong, to lead his armies.”
“Shouldn’t the King stay at the back? I mean, it’s dangerous, right?”
Mars turned and smiled at Trey.
“Not him. My lord Flos has always lead the charge. When you see him on the battlefield, you will know. Have faith. He will order us to battle soon, and then you’ll see why I’m one of the Seven.”
“But what will we do?”
Trey asked pensively. Mars shrugged.
“Whatever he asks of you. You are sworn to him, as am I. We are companions, in that sense. We are the swords of our lord. When he calls, we must be ready.”
She smiled then, and the twins found they couldn’t ask her anything else. They left the training grounds, unsure of what to make of what they’d been told. Trey and Teres stumbled down the corridors, massaging their sore arms.
“She always seems so loud. And happy.”
Trey confided in Teres as they walked. She turned and glared at him.
“Pervert.”
“What?”
He stared at her. She glared. He slowly flushed.
“I couldn’t help it!”
“So could! You’re disgusting!”
“I’m not!”
“Are too!”
As the two began to argue, they started to lapse into a way of speaking unique to the two of them. Teres and Trey knew each other so well, they could complete each other sentences at times. So they didn’t bother to finish theirs when speaking with each other.
“Not my fault—”
“Eyes up here! You’re as blatant as—”
“Shut it! You don’t understand—”
“Dog’s bollocks I don’t. Just because I don’t have a thing swinging down—”
“Shut up!”
“You shut up! Besides…they’re fake.”
“What?”
Trey paused. Teres nodded.
“They’re fake. I’m sure of it.”
“How do you know? Did you touch—”
She glared at him.
“No, but they don’t move right.”
“How can you tell—”
“I’m a girl! I know how they’re supposed to move.”
“Oh. Right.”
Trey thought about this as they walked down the corridor. He thought of Mars. Then his mental image focused, as it were.
“They’re really fake?”
“Yep.”
Teres nodded decisively. Trey sighed.
“Aw.”
She rolled her eyes.
“Pillock.”
This might have started another fight, but a low voice interrupted the two.
“Your King awaits you.”
Trey turned, and promptly forgot every other part of the female body. Four eyes were staring at him, and a mouth full of sharp teeth was curved up. It was…reminiscent of a smile.
Gazi the Omniscient, or Lady Pathseeker, or the half-Gazer that terrified the piss out of Trey and Teres, smiled at the twins as they froze up in the hall. She smiled wider.
“He is in his room. Hurry or you will make him wait.”
“We—we will, Lady Gazi. Thank you for telling us.”
“He asked me to.”
Gazi said it simply. She stared at Trey and Teres. They stared back. They had four eyes between them, but since Gazi had four eyes as well it was an equal staring contest. Trey’s gaze was fixed on the center of Gazi’s face.
She had one central eye and four peripheral ones. And virtually no nose. But Trey had never seen her central eye—it was injured. Apparently, a girl from his world had actually poked it out. Trey had no idea who would dare to do that—he wondered what kind of maniac would even try.
“Well?”
Gazi’s words made the two twins start walking. But to their extreme dissatisfaction she walked with them.
