4.00 K
Page 11
Orthenon smiled at Trey. Perhaps it had been a good question after all? The man showed Trey where Takhatres had been.
“His tribe is nomadic, and used to crossing the deserts. Moreover, they move quickly. They can skirt the outer regions and make use of oases. They will be fine. But as to your main question—Takhatres believes, as do I, that he can attack the Emperor of Sands without being cornered by his armies.”
“So he’s going to fight a guerilla war.”
The tall man paused. He always seemed a bit surprised when Trey and Teres knew something without him explaining, for all that he knew they were from another world.
“Correct. He will raid villages, destroy cities—and attack any army he believes he can rout with few casualties. He is adept at such maneuvers.”
“But the Emperor will send armies after him, right? He wouldn’t just ignore that.”
“True. But Takhatres’ people, the Garuda, are known for their speed. Flying and hiding, they could easily escape most pursuit. And there is another factor to consider. Takhatres’ tribe is far superior to any one conventional army. With him leading them, they could fight two armies at once. Catching him will be no easy matter and will occupy the Emperor of Sands for a long period of time. And while that is so…”
“We’ll attack?”
It was strange, saying we. But Orthenon nodded as if it were only natural to include them.
“In theory. I have advised my King—and would like you to do the same if he thinks otherwise—of striking nearby nations first. We must recover strength before doing battle with a vast empire.”
“But we are at war, aren’t we? Flos—I mean, King Flos said—”
“Oh yes.”
Orthenon’s voice was quiet as he traced the lands of the Emperor of Sands. He did not look so friendly then.
“We are at war. But we must be prudent and sensible in a war of vengeance. We must gather our strength, and my lord Flos knows this.”
“Is that why he hasn’t left yet?”
Trey blurted the words out before he could think twice about saying them. He’d been wondering—Teres had been wondering that very thing for days now. Ever since Flos had declared it.
The [Steward] paused, and looked at the twins. He seemed conflicted. When he spoke, it was not with his usual surety.
“I—believe so. I do not have to tell you what the Emperor of Sands did was unforgivable. There will be no peace until he and his entire empire is brought to justice. But as to my King—you are right. I would expect him to ride forth, regardless of the danger. I was prepared to stop him, but he—”
“Why didn’t he go?”
Orthenon had no answer. He looked back at the map.
“Perhaps it is caution that stays his hand. A King must think of his realm, and it is dangerous to go forth without preparation. That is what I believe.”
“The city is being repaired quickly. I should think it would only be a month before everything’s repaired.”
“Yes. A month. Perhaps sooner, if all continues to go well.”
Orthenon nodded in agreement, but he looked troubled as he did. Trey exchanged a glance with Teres, and they had the same thought.
“What will we be doing?”
Orthenon paused.
“You will accompany my King, and assist him as you are able. For now, I believe you will simply follow and observe. Your…presence matters to my lord Flos. Just by being by his side, you fulfill your roles.”
“Is that all?”
Teres stared at the man. Orthenon shook his head.
“Your duties are unclear as of yet. But you must have faith in your [King].”
He stared at the twins. The twins stared back, waiting for more. But that was all there was to it. After a moment Orthenon turned back to the map.
