4.01 K
Page 3
That seemed weird. Wasn’t Mars the one who’d given Flos the broach? Flos opened the door and after glancing around for a second or two, quickly strode out. Trey and Teres hurried out the corridor. Not too many people were about, and they didn’t look twice at Flos, despite him walking out of the King’s own bedroom. They didn’t look twice at Trey and Teres either, which he supposed was part of the illusion.
“Few will notice us, unless they are actively looking.”
Flos spoke out of the corner of his mouth as he walked more slowly down the corridor, the twins following him closely. Trey nodded.
“Um, my K—”
Teres elbowed him. Trey stared at her, and then remembered.
“F-Flos?”
“It has been a while since I heard that name. What is it, Trey?”
Trey gulped. He forgot the last question he was going to ask and blurted out his question about Mars instead.
“Why wouldn’t Lady Mars be able to see us? Doesn’t she know a lot of illusion magic?”
“Her? Hardly.”
The man Flos had become raised his eyebrows, looking amused.
“She is called the Illusionist, but not because she knows any magic of her own. Rather, she possesses many trinkets such as these.”
Trey nodded.
“I remember now. She told me. But why is she called the Illusionist if—”
“Watch it!”
Flos turned his head and quickly stepped out of the way. Trey yanked Teres back as four men carrying heavy sacks of something or other walked past them. One cursed the trio as he went past.
“Keep to the right side, fools! Unless you’re carrying something heavy, keep the corridor clear!”
Startled, Trey looked at Flos. The King looked nonplussed, but as he and the twins looked around they realized that they were getting dirty looks.
It suddenly occurred to Trey that they were walking like they had been before, straight down the center of every corridor as people hurried around them. It was so natural that they hadn’t realized it. But that was how the King and his sworn vassals walked. And once Trey looked, it was obvious they were making a mistake.
The servants, workers, and other people bustling about the palace did not walk down the center or wherever they pleased. Instead, they walked on the right side of the corridor while people going the opposite way walked down the left. The center was reserved for people in a hurry, or carrying things too bulky to go with the usual flow.
“I believe we should walk on this side.”
Flos stepped closer to the right wall, smiling at an older woman who did not smile back.
“Hurry up and move. We ain’t got all day.”
“Sorry!”
Trey and Teres stepped smartly and followed Flos on this new, more proper route. They no longer walked at their own pace; they were now following the person in front. When they slowed, the three had to slow as well or run into someone.
Flos, Trey, and Teres were all unaccustomed to walking that way. But they obediently followed the flow of people on the right side of the corridor, chatting quietly as they did.
“Fascinating. I had no idea there was a system for such things. I suppose Orthenon must have implemented it for convenience’s sake. It is this sort of thing that I wish to experience.”
“Walking?”
“Getting yelled at?”
Trey and Teres stared dubiously at Flos. They didn’t think there was too much special about this, but he seemed privately delighted.
“Yes, and yes. How can I lead my people if I do not walk in their shoes from time to time? It is this experience which—”
He didn’t get to finish his proclamation. An annoyed woman’s voice called out to the three and they saw a grey-haired lady hurrying over to them with a scowl on her face.
