4.01 K
Page 2
He held up the broach in his hand. Trey stared at the yellow jewel embedded in the center, nonplussed. Flos stared at his confused audience and sighed again.
“Oh, I had forgotten you would not understand. I should activate this now, perhaps, so as not to surprise you. Very well, observe.”
He touched the broach and—changed. Before Trey and Teres’ astonished eyes, Flos turned from a King into—an ordinary fellow. Trey didn’t actually witness the change—one second Flos was there, and the next a slightly shorter, less impressive man stood in his place.
He didn’t have reddish gold hair, and his eyes were hazel. His belly had more flab and there were wrinkles in his face and grey mixed in with his dark hair. He didn’t look bad—but no one would ever confuse him with Flos.
Even his voice was different. It wasn’t as resonant, and it had a nasal quality.
“There. You see? A perfect disguise. Now that I think of it, it is better that I used it here, rather than where others might see me.”
“How did you—was that magic?”
Teres rolled her eyes as Trey stared at the broach. She jabbed her brother in the stomach with an elbow.
“Obviously it’s magic, idiot!”
Flos nodded, showing the twins the broach. It sparkled in the light from the sun, but didn’t shine or twinkle or do anything else that gave away its nature.
“It was a gift from Mars, years ago. It allows me to assume the shape of an ordinary person, a common man wherever I go. I have made use of it on occasion to learn from my people. I will do so again now.”
“So you’re going out looking like…that?”
“Indeed. And so shall the two of you! Yes, I think that would be best.”
He thrust the broach at Trey.
“Here. Touch the stone in the center.”
Hesitantly, Trey did so. He heard Teres gasp and looked down at his body. He didn’t see anything wrong. He stared at Teres. Her eyes were wide as she looked him up and down.
“What? What is it?”
“You look different!”
“How? Am I uglier?”
“No—well, you were never a looker but—you’re just different, alright?”
Trey saw what she meant when Teres copied him. Her features altered. She didn’t become uglier or fairer, but her hair and nose and mouth and skin tone changed to make her look more like the people of Flos’ kingdom, rather than a London-born girl from another world. Flos nodded in approval as Trey and Teres stared at each other. Trey had to poke Teres experimentally to make sure she was the same underneath, and Teres exclaimed as she felt at Trey’s features and felt his real face underneath the mask.
“It is a temporary illusion. It will last for several hours if memory serves. We shall mingle with my people while we wear it.”
Flos looked happy at the prospect. Trey and Teres exchanged a glance.
“I suppose that’s alright, isn’t it?”
The strange girl standing next to Trey nodded, looking resigned.
“So we’re just going to wander about?”
“Perhaps. We shall see what occurs.”
Flos rubbed his hands together, looking pleased. He paused as he strode over to the door. Trey had a hard time keeping his eyes off of Flos’ face. There was no longer that strange magnetism around the man, and that was almost as disconcerting as his new features.
“We should avoid going near any of my vassals.”
“Why?”
Flos smiled, and it was another man’s lips which turned upwards.
“They would be able to detect the magic. Orthenon is alert for such tricks and Gazi would be able to see through such illusory magic. Perhaps even without her main eye. As for Mars, she might not notice, but I would prefer not to risk it.”
