4.01 K
Page 15
Flos clapped a hand over Trey’s mouth before he could shout.
“I know it is an imposition. But I ask it of you.”
Trey wanted to say no, but he couldn’t find the words. Instead, he resorted to a cowardly, if effective tactic.
“Only if Teres says yes.”
Flos nodded, and gingerly Trey went over to wake his sister. He had to shake her several times. She flailed at him until she sat up. She was ready to curse him out until she saw Flos. Her mouth opened as she glared at him.
“I am sorry for waking you, Teres. However—”
“No. Out.”
She pointed to the door. Flos bowed his head towards her.
“Teres, I have one last matter I must ask you to witness. It is of vital importance.”
“No! Can’t it wait?”
The King smiled.
“No, it cannot. Because this must be done alone. No one must know where we are going. Not Orthenon, or anyone else.”
The twins stared at Flos. Trey’s first thought was that he was running away. But that didn’t seem to be the case. Teres folded her arms.
“Why do we have to come?”
“Because I trust you two. And because you are reassuring.”
The twins gaped at Flos. He smiled, and rose.
“Follow me.”
And they did. Teres complained and Trey chimed in, but somehow they ended up dressed and in Flos’ room in minutes. There they stared at the King.
“We’re leaving the city, right?”
“Correct. We must do it in secret, without alerting one of the servants. They will have seen us going into my room, but so long as we are not spotted leaving any of the palace’s exits they will not wake Orthenon.”
“How are we getting out, then? Wait—are we going through a secret passageway?”
Trey immediately grew excited, thinking of revolving walls, illusory doors and magical passphrases. But Flos shook his head, looking wistful.
“I asked Drevish to build me a hidden network of tunnels, but he told me that he had better things to do than waste time creating secret walls and doors. He refused to put a single secret tunnel in my entire palace and told me that if I wished to escape my duties, I should find a way to do it myself without relying on cheap tricks.”
“Then how—”
“It’s very simple.”
Flos went over to the balcony. He beckoned Trey and Teres over. Trey walked out into the very cold night air, expecting to see a rope made of bedsheets, or something else like that. He was not prepared for Flos to seize hold of him and then toss him over the balcony.
“Aaaaaa—”
Trey’s scream was muffled by a huge hand on his mouth. He felt hands on him, and then an impact, reduced by the arms that held him.
“There we are. It’s lucky you’re not full-grown or I might have shattered a knee trying that.”
Flos remarked casually as he put Trey back on his feet. Trey stared at him, and then up at the balcony above him. It had to be two stories up. He felt dizzy and had to sit.
“Teres. Jump down. I will catch you.”
The King’s voice was low as he called up. Trey heard his sister reply—and thought she was probably making her opinion clear with a gesture as well. Flos repeated his command. Somehow, in between Trey trying not to throw up, he persuaded Teres to jump.
“There we are. It’s not quite as attractive as a secret passage, but I suppose Drevish was correct.”
Flos remarked to the two twins as they tried to follow him on shaky legs. He led them around to a stable where three horses were indeed saddled. Trey and Teres stared at the horses. Trey suddenly recalled what Flos had said and realized there was a huge, wonderful flaw in the King’s plan.
“I don’t know how to ride.”
“Me neither.”
