4.01 K
Page 9
“Because…because then they’d know it was you?”
The King shook his head, frowning.
“If I were to do so, then that man would have realized he raised his hand against his King. I would not trouble him with that knowledge. And besides, it is best I keep such tricks secret.”
“But you got punched.”
“Yes, I did. But it was important. And I have a healing potion in my rooms. Follow me.”
Flos refused to continue the conversation until they were in his quarters. There he took a bottle of clear blue liquid from his drawer and let Teres dab a tiny bit of it onto his cheek.
“My stomach will be fine. But a King cannot be seen with a swollen cheek. That much is true.”
“So why did we do all of this?”
Trey complained as he eyed the potion bottle. He was wondering if he could use some on his sore shoulders. Or arms. Or legs. Or if he could take a bath in it. Flos sighed.
“You saw what will come, did you not? Death. Death for my kingdom and my people. It is war I walk towards, and it will take their lives.”
“Isn’t that how war always works?”
“It is. But I had not thought of the cost of it until now. When I was young I did not know why my people followed me, even to their deaths. Now I know, and I am humbler for it. They showed me their feelings—”
He winced as Teres touched his swollen cheek.
“—Quite clearly. And it is good that I know it. Because I must be the King to fulfill such expectations.”
He sat on his bed, head bowed as the healing potion worked its magic and his cheek returned to normal in seconds. At last, Flos raised his head and smiled tiredly at the twins.
“Children, did you see the other part? When I became a King again, did you see it in the eyes of my people?”
“See what?”
Flos smiled bitterly. He stretched out one huge hand and stared at it as he spoke.
“They do not see me. They stare right through me, at something else. An illusion far more complete than any Mars could create. At a dream.”
Teres was the one who hesitantly replied.
“You mean…at the King you used to be? Before you slept?”
“Not even that.”
Flos shook his head.
“They see a King who never existed. Their ideal King, the ruler they made from shattered dreams as I lay slumbering. A King without fault, who will bring them salvation. I am not that King. I never was. I never will be. And yet, that is the King I must be.”
He stood up. He took the bottle from Teres and gently put it back into the drawer of his dresser. When he turned, he stood taller than ever, or so Trey thought. And when he spoke, it was as a King, so that every word hung in the air.
“My subjects dream. It is a King’s duty to turn that dream into reality. I am a King, and I must act like it. I cannot hide behind petty tasks anymore. It is time to be a King in truth.”
He gestured towards the door, and this time the twins walked out with him behind them. Flos explained as they walked through the corridors, every head turning and bowing towards him.
“In truth, Trey, Teres, I have not acted as I should. You have seen me supervising the repairs of a wall, or managing supplies, dealing with the affairs of my kingdom. And while those are true and pressing tasks, they are not mine. I have always left such things up to Orthenon, my [Steward].”
“You did?”
“Of course! He is far more competent than I at such matters. Whenever an issue of logistics popped up I believe I said…what was it now? Ah, yes. I would probably say ‘Orthenon, take care of it’ and leave it to him.”
The twins gaped at him. Flos raised his eyebrows.
“What?”
“You didn’t even say ‘please’?”
