4.01 K
Page 14
Gazi said it impassively, but Mars nodded in agreement and Orthenon stiffened in his seat. He opened his mouth to reply, and Flos spoke, cutting the argument apart.
“Orthenon. Gazi. Enough.”
His retainers looked at him expectantly. Flos put down his knife and reached for his goblet. He stared into it and then looked around the table. His eyes did not miss Trey or Teres.
“I have heard counsel from all present. I hear Orthenon’s need for caution, just as I understand Mars’ desire to raise my banner once again. Tomorrow morning I will tell you all what I have decided to do.”
He looked around at his companions. All three nodded and sat back. The conversation turned to less intense matters, and Trey resumed staring at Mars covertly. She really was stunning. Were they really fake?
 
—-
 
That night, Trey climbed into bed while Teres took the one on the other side of the room. He felt tired, but not sleepy, thanks to the long nap he’d had. Plus, the downside of using the healing potion meant his body was as energetic as ever. It thought it was time to be up and about, no matter how Trey’s weary mind tried to convince it otherwise.
Perhaps that was why he was still awake hours later to see the door to their room open slowly. Trey sat up, heart pounding as a faint candle’s light entered the room, held by a shadowy figure.
There were no locks on the door, or if there was, Trey and Teres hadn’t been given a key. It wasn’t generally needed in most parts of the castle and the servants were in and out of the rooms. But all that meant was that the mysterious intruder could be anyone.
Trey’s heart beat wildly as he looked at his slumbering sister. He opened his mouth to shout, and the figure brought the candle up to his face.
“Trey. It is I.”
Flos stared down at Trey. That didn’t make the young man feel any better. He stared at Flos.
“What are you doing here?”
This time he didn’t add ‘sire’, or ‘your majesty’. Flos smiled down at Trey.
“I apologize for the late intrusion. But I have business with you. May I sit?”
“Um. Okay?”
Trey felt the bedding shift as Flos sat on the his bed. He sat up awkwardly staring at Flos. The King hadn’t changed into his night clothes; he was still wearing the sword at his belt. He nodded to Trey.
“I trust you have healed from earlier? I did not have a chance to ask over dinner, but I am told you used the healing potion I had sent.”
“I did. Um, thank you for sending it.”
“You should not thank me for that. It was my own fault.”
Flos sighed. He looked ashamed as he stared at Trey, the candle only illuminating parts of his face.
“I was a fool. And your sister was right to call me such. I struck you far harder than I should. It is just that I wished to change the gossip about you and your sister. If you had blocked the blow of a King, it would change what was said.”
Trey recalled all the people who’d slapped him on the back and Mars’ words of praise.
“I…think you did that.”
“Yes, but I did not mean to harm you. That was my fault. I apologize, Trey.”
Flos’ head lowered. Trey stared. It took him a few moments to realize Flow was bowing his head. To him.
“It’s okay. Really.”
“It is not, but thank you for saying so. Trey, I realize today I have asked much of you. But I ask that you and your sister follow me one last time.”
“Follow you? Where?”
“Outside my city. I have had horses saddled in secret—a tricky matter, even with a [King]’s authority.”
Flos smiled ruefully. Trey stared at him.
“Wait, but where are we going?”
“A village. It is only an hour or so’s ride away.”
“An hour—”
