4.01 K
Page 7
“Think about the Great War, Teres. The Lost Generation—you know? Think of it like that. Only the opposite.”
She looked blankly at him, and then her eyes widened. She took in the room, the aged faces. The lack of young ones.
“Oh.”
It wasn’t the faces Trey saw that had bothered Flos. It wasn’t the living. It was those who weren’t there. The children. The young people. There were scarcely any people Trey and Teres’ age, and he had seen…how many children over the month he had been here? So few.
It was a flash of insight. Flos, the King of Destruction would go to war. He would ride off, and his kingdom would rise with him. They would follow his banner into war again, as they always had.
Only this time, no one would come back. Or rather, there would be no one to come back to. This time, there was no generation of young men and women to fight. It would be the fathers and mothers who took up arms, every living soul. There weren’t enough bodies left. This generation would be the last.
This was Flos’ kingdom. Dying. They had come to life, but that life was fragile. Tenuous. They were what remained, but if Flos rode to war, there would be nothing left.
Trey looked up and saw Flos looking at him. The King nodded, and turned back to the laughing men and women. When he spoke, it was quiet, but his voice quieted the loudest laughter.
“What a terrible King.”
He sat at the table as sound died around him. Trey saw every head within earshot turn. The balding man stared at Flos, joviality gone.
“What was that, fellow?”
“I said, what a terrible King he must be. To ask you all to fight and die again. What sort of King could ask that of his people?”
No one spoke. Trey looked around at the suddenly hostile faces. The balding man pushed away his drink.
“Are you new to Reim, stranger? Or did you never lay eyes on our King before now?”
Flos met his gaze squarely, without passion.
“I have seen him before. As he lay slumbering while his kingdom fell to ruins.”
“Then you know nothing.”
The bald man stared at Flos, face reddening. He pushed back his chair.
“If you never met our King before, then you’ve no right to speak of it. He may have slept, but we kept faith with him. We waited, and when he calls, we will go to war and yes, die for him without fear. Because he is our King. Now, I’ve got to be getting back to work. And you had best leave.”
He stood up, staring at Flos. The King stood as well, and Trey and Teres scrambled out of their seats. Everyone was staring at them. But Flos didn’t turn to leave. He stared curiously at the balding man, as if he were staring at something he’d never seen before.
“Why would you follow a King who abandoned you? Who left his kingdom to rot? Why would you love such a worthless King?”
The bald man stared at Flos across the table. His face went crimson, and then white with anger. His voice was barely contained.
“Because he is our King. Because we love him. Because we would follow him to the ends of the earth. Because he is worthy of respect.”
Flos shook his head.
“He is not.”
Silence. Trey saw the tendons bulge on the balding man’s neck. He saw his hand move in slow motion—and then the man threw a punch at Flos.
It was so quick that Trey missed the blur of movement. He only saw the second part of the punch, as Flos leaned backwards, avoiding the blow.
“Bastard!”
