4.01 K
Page 4
“What are you three doing? You’re not part of the interior staff!”
Trey stared anxiously at Flos, but the King smiled.
“We are laborers, Miss. We did not have any work at the moment so we—”
He got no further. A huge scowl replaced the smaller one and the woman snapped at the three.
“If you’re not busy you should be reporting to wherever you were assigned for more work, not wandering about the halls getting in the way!”
Flos bowed his head, looking contrite.
“I am terribly sorry, Miss. I don’t know what I was thinking.”
“Too right! Now if you’re done wasting time—we’ve quite a lot of supplies to be moved. Another [Trader]’s come by and we need all the goods taken up to the storerooms and the kitchens within the hour!”
She pointed down the hall and Trey noticed a stream of people carrying heavy loads coming their way. He expected Flos to refuse, but the man just smiled.
“We would be delighted to help, Miss.”
His comment didn’t impress the woman.
“Too right you will, or I would be having a word with Lord Orthenon directly after this! Get moving you two—I’ll send some others to help unload.”
“We can take care of it ourselves. My two…my niece and nephew here can help me. I’ll carry everything up.”
“Oh, a [Laborer] are you?”
The woman paused to look Flos up and down skeptically. He grinned at her.
“No. Just strong. We’ll have your supplies in a moment.”
Despite herself, the woman smiled. Even with another face, Flos’ grin was slightly contagious.
“If you can do it quick, I’ll have a cold drink waiting for you. For now, bring anything edible to the main kitchens and the rest to the store room next to the library. You know where that is? Then get moving!”
She strode off. Flos nodded at Trey and Teres, and they followed him again, this time heading out of the castle.
“We’re not going to carry stuff, are we?”
Dismayed, Trey stared at Flos. His arms still hurt from practicing with Mars earlier. Flos nodded.
“Of course! I gave her my word I would help unload that cart. A bit of work won’t be wasted while we observe the others.”
“But—aw—but—”
Trey didn’t get any further. In moments he found himself struggling to carry a heavy sack of something on his shoulders. He staggered after Flos as Teres did the same with an equally heavy bag. The King strode back through the castle, carrying five heavy sacks at once. Trey stared, and some of the other people carrying things made startled comments as Flos passed.
“Don’t kill yourself there, Mister!”
“Those bags of flour will wait, no matter how loudly the [Cooks] yell. It’s not worth a broken back!”
Flos laughed and responded jovially as he marched through the halls. He stepped into the huge stone kitchen and after being directed where to put his load, he and the twins set down their cargo and headed back for a second trip.
Trey was massaging his shoulders as he hurried after Flos. The King smiled at him.
“If your shoulders ache after only that, we’ll have to build your muscles, Trey! A set of good armor might not be as heavy, but wearing it for hours on end is far more exhausting.”
“Is that why you can carry all that at once?”
The King laughed as he strode down the corridors, following the right side’s flow of traffic.
“Hah! Well, I must admit that I’ve grown weaker than before. In fact…”
He frowned and his smile vanished.
“That was actually quite unpleasant. Carrying such heavy loads…it is little wonder few choose the [Laborer] class. I am beginning to regret volunteering to carry all of the [Trader]’s goods myself.”
Trey and Teres glared up at Flos. He laughed again.
