4.01 K
Page 19
He sat in the center of it all, talking quietly. He just talked. He sat on a chair or stood, pausing as each person went to him. And he had a word for them all. Trey and Teres watched as he met an old woman who had seen him as a youth, or a man who had lost a son who’d joined Flos’ army, or an old man who’d fought with Flos on the battlefield.
They all knew him, had had their lives touched by him. And Flos knew them all. He knew every face, remembered people he’d only spoken to a decade ago. He looked at them all, and his eyes were filled with tears.
But he never wept. And as night turned into day and the sky began to lighten, Flos spoke.
“Long ago, I came to this very village. I rode through with an army and told you all to follow me. I told you I would overthrow every nation, every rule of law and every government. I asked you to break all bonds and follow me for a brighter future.”
All the voices in the room went silent. Flos looked from face to face.
“Ten years ago. No—more than that. When I was a boy, I called upon you to be my sword and shield. And you did. You sent your sons and daughters, and you picked up arms to follow me. You marched across nations, through rivers, from one end of the continent to the other.”
“And we will again!”
A man stood up. He was trembling.
“Ask it of us, your Majesty! Raise your banner and we will serve again!”
People cheered and shouted in agreement. But Flos raised his hand slightly and they were silent.
“You did once. How many came back from my endless wars? How many lie buried thousands of leagues from home?”
No one could answer that. Flos looked around the room and shook his head.
“So many were lost. Too many. And yet, each man, woman, and child died with that same dream in their eyes, that same fire in their heart. A brighter future. One worth fighting for. For that alone it was worth it.”
They nodded at that. Flos paused. His fist clenched.
“But then came the day when I faltered. I lost the will to continue. I stepped off my throne and put down my sword. I disbanded my armies, and left my vassals to scatter to the wind. I let all of you down, you that had journeyed with me so far.”
He looked at them, tears in his eyes.
“I failed you.”
Instantly there was a babble of dissenting voices. Flos raised his voice above them all.
“I failed you. All of you. I abandoned my duties as King. I slept! For ten years I slept and you all have suffered my neglect. I am not worthy to call myself your king.”
Again, they shouted in denial. But Flos kept shaking his head. He waited until they were all quiet again.
“And yet, I am your King. That fact will never change.”
He stood, and turned slowly around the room. Men and women stared at him, old warriors and mothers, farmers and shepherds. Widows and children.
His people.
“I am your King, by blood and by oath. I accepted your loyalty once, and no force in this world could break that bond between you and I. I am your King, and I will not run nor hide from my responsibilities any longer.”
They stirred. Flos stood taller. His voice grew louder.
“I have no right to ask it of you. No right at all. But ten long years have passed since I slumbered and the world has not changed. There is still little hope to cling to. People live and die in service to a faceless [Lord], struggle to eat and live, sleep in fear of monsters and bandits. This is not the way to live. There is a better life out there, beyond the horizon.”
He turned and Trey saw his eyes. They were burning. Flos stared from person to person, looking into their faces. They stared back, caught by his gaze.
