4.01 K
Page 12
Trey didn’t feel his knees give way. He slammed back-first into the ground, hearing his back go crack in various places. Trey felt as though his entire body was whumph. The entire impact ran through him and for a few seconds he just stared at the sky. Then he remembered he wasn’t breathing and tried to gasp for air.
“Trey!”
Once hearing had returned he heard Teres’ voice, and felt people crowding around him. Someone opened an eyelid and Trey tried to make his eyes focus. He heard his sister shouting angrily at someone and a contrite voice that was Flos’.
The wind was knocked out of him and it wasn’t coming back. Trey sat up at Teres’ insistence, but then lay back down. He felt…floppy. Could you hit someone so hard their bones turned into rubber?
He felt like he should stand up, but he couldn’t. Trey felt himself being picked up and was carried somewhere. He must have fallen asleep, because the next thing he realized he was sitting up in the room he and Teres shared, in his bed.
“Trey?”
His sister was standing over him. She had a bottle of yellow liquid in her hands. Trey opened his mouth.
“I don’t want to drink that.”
“You don’t have to. It’s a healing potion.”
“Oh.”
Trey thought about that.
“Can you pour it on me?”
“No. Hold still, I’ll rub it onto your back.”
“And my arms. They really hurt.”
Teres helped Trey partly undress. Trey groaned as he saw the bruised skin underneath his clothing, already turning spectacular colors.
“Ow.”
“Hold still. I’ll have you right as rain in a moment.”
He let Teres rub the yellow stuff into his skin. It stank horribly, but the agony went away every place she touched. Trey whimpered as she got to his back. Teres was scowling.
“Where’s the King?”
“I dunno. I shouted at him and then took you to our room.”
“Oh.”
“I can’t believe he hit you that hard!”
“I can’t either.”
“He could have killed you! I thought you were dead when you didn’t move.”
“I thought I was dead too.”
Teres glared at Trey. Then she slapped his back. He yelped. She poked him hard in the back.
“Don’t be smart.”
“Ow. Okay.”
After a while, she finished with his back and Trey felt well enough to rub the healing potion onto his legs himself. Teres sat with him, applying a bit to her own arms.
“What was it like?”
“What?”
“Being hit? It looked like he squashed you with his sword.”
“That’s right enough.”
Trey had to think as he tried to explain the feeling.
“Remember when Trevor Martin got hit by that car and had to stay in the hospital for two weeks?”
Her eyes went wide.
“That bad?”
Trey felt at his chest and back again.
“Actually, I think I’d rather trade places with him. That hurt.”
“Well, he’s not doing it again. He’s mental, that one.”
“I thought he said he was out of practice.”
Trey winced as he handed the mostly empty bottle back to Teres. She rolled her eyes.
“He says he’s not good at holding back.”
“That was him holding back?”
“Yup. That’s another thing he’s not good at, then. If he’s so special that everyone loves him so, what’s he actually good at to begin with?”
Trey thought about that for a moment.
“Hitting people.”
He lay back on his bed, trying to block the horrible healing potion smell from his nose. Teres lay next to him.
“Do you think I can go to sleep, Teres?”
“I think so.”
That sounded like an awfully good idea to Trey, so he closed his eyes. When he opened them again, after what sounded like minutes, it was to hear Teres arguing with someone at the door.
“We don’t care what he wants. If he wants us, he can come and say so himself.”
She slammed the door. Trey closed his eyes, and went back to sleep.
 
—-
 
