4.01 K
Page 6
Other heads nodded. The bald man grunted, looking less pleased all of a sudden.
“I don’t know what purpose those two serve. Aye, they’re young, but Lady Mars said she has no clue why our King keeps them close.”
“Really?”
Flos stared intently at the man. He drank slowly as Trey and Teres hunched over at the table, feeling guilty.
The bald man nodded. He leaned forwards conspiratorially, but kept his voice loud enough for everyone at the table to hear.
“She says they’re completely unskilled with any weapons. And that’s true enough. I saw them in the training grounds, flailing about with swords as if they’d never held one before. That brightened my day.”
“Hm.”
“I’ve no qualms with them being here, but I’ve been told they’re to be treated with the same respect as one of the Seven. Imagine that!”
“Lord Orthenon seems to respect them, and I have no earthly idea what Lady Gazi thinks. Lady Mars seems to share our opinions, but she’s respectful enough. I wonder what merits our King’s trust in them…”
The others around the table began gossiping about Trey and Teres. Trey was relieved that none of them had specific complaints, but he felt wretched. He was relieved when Flos cleared his throat.
“The twins are one thing. But what about the King?”
“What about his Majesty? I saw him walking down the hall just this morning. He met my eyes and I’ll swear to you all, he was the same man he once was. Just as great.”
The balding man spoke proudly and everyone nodded. But Flos shook his head.
“If he is as he was, that means war is coming, isn’t it?”
“And if it is?”
The man stared challengingly at Flos. The King did not respond. The laborer drained his mug, speaking loudly to everyone at once.
“If it comes to it, I’d be the first to grab a sword and follow him into battle. He has but to ask. Once our King raises his banner, we’ll follow him as before.”
“As always.”
The female [Cook] said that, and the people around her nodded. Trey blinked as he saw every face just as resolute as the balding man’s. If he but asks, we’ll go to war. He looked at Flos and saw something different written on the man’s face.
Anguish. It was there for a second, and then gone. Flos turned to look at Trey. Then he resumed listening to the people talking in loud, excited voices.
What did it mean? Something had bothered Flos. And it was why he had come here. Trey understood that without needing to be told. But what?
“Why is he upset?”
Teres whispered into Trey’s ear. He shrugged and looked around the room. No one looked upset. Just the mention of war had made other people come over. Some, most were civilians who’d never fought, even before Flos had slept. But a few at the table including the balding man had been soldiers. They spoke proudly of battles past, and of battles to come. There wasn’t a trace of fear or hesitation in their eyes.
So what had Flos seen?
It was a slow realization. It dawned on Trey as he watched Flos mingle and talk with the other servants and laborers, ordinary citizens, craftsmen and soldiers. It was in their wrinkled faces, the way they doted on Trey and Teres, asking where they had come from, where their family was—questions the twins had a hard time answering honestly let alone dishonestly.
When Trey saw the youngest woman in the room, the young [Cook] in her mid-twenties, that he finally understood. He nudged Teres at once as he watched Flos laugh uproariously at a joke someone had told.
“I get it, Teres.”
“What?”
Trey hesitated. How could he explain? He thought and whispered into Teres’ ear.
