4.01 K
Page 13
Sometimes later, Teres woke him up. Trey got out of bed, still feeling foggy, but hungry. Which was lucky, because he’d apparently slept till dinner time.
Every day, Flos dined in the banquet hall, at the high table with his trusted vassals while the rest of the people in the hall ate at other long tables. Trey and Teres sat at that table with him as well, but they were used to being overlooked.
Not today. This time, when Trey passed through the tables up to the hall he heard people calling out to him and Teres. Most of them just laughed as they asked Trey if he was alright, or if his head was still in one piece. It wasn’t mocking laughter though, and Trey himself could smile at the jokes.
People reached out, and a few of the older men ruffled his hair, or gave him a slap on the arm.
“Well done, lad. You took the King’s blow like a man.”
“Thought you’d nearly died there. But you sat up, so you’ve got some grit to you!”
It was embarrassing, but Trey still enjoyed it. At the high table, the vassals of the King had words for him as well.
“Trey. I trust you are recovered?”
Orthenon nodded to Trey. Gazi smiled at him, but it was Mars who slung an arm around his shoulder, laughing as she called for a drink for the both of them.
“I took a blow like that from our King once. I couldn’t see straight for two days, I’ll swear! If you can remember your name, that’s cause for celebration.”
Flos himself only laughed as he sat with Orthenon on his right and Mars on his left. The twins sat next to Mars, and Trey found himself in the enviable and difficult position of having to stare past her to listen to the conversation. She was distracting, and Teres kept jabbing him in the side when she thought his attention was wandering.
The thing about sitting at the high table was that the conversation topics were never dull. Tonight’s was especially focused, and Trey saw the servants serving food listening just as intently as the people around him.
“We have a few experienced soldiers, but I fear we must count on a mostly green army to begin with. With Takahatres keeping the Emperor of Sands occupied, our main focus must be on raising the level of our conscripted soldiers.”
“And finding an actual army. We can’t make everyone hold a sword or we won’t have anyone to grow crops, cook, and so on. Plus, we don’t have that many swords.”
Mars stabbed at a piece of chicken on her plate as Flos nodded. He turned to Gazi.
“Your thoughts, Gazi?”
She shrugged. Her eye flicked towards Trey and Teres, while her other three remained focused on Flos.
“We have Mars’ arms. We can outfit an elite core of soldiers.”
“Are you suggesting we take on another nation’s army with a few dozen warriors?”
Orthenon stared at Gazi. She bit into a Yellat and swallowed it before responding.
“We must retake our lost lands sooner or later. Once we do, we will have more soldiers to join us.”
“Declaring the King of Destruction has returned so early is not a wise move, Lady Gazi. It is better to wait for those vassals with their own forces to arrive.”
Orthenon stared hard at Gazi, not deterred by the fact that she had four eyes and he had two. Mars sighed gustily.
“You say that Orthenon, but how long must we sit on our hands here?”
“As long as it takes. There is much to do here, unless you had forgotten. The city is in sore need of repairs, and we can best spend this time planting new harvests for next year, training those waiting to be soldiers—”
“Waiting.”
