4.01 K
Page 8
The balding man leapt onto the table and started swinging at Flos. The King dodged backwards, letting each punch miss him by inches. But there was only so far he could back up. He blocked one punch towards his chest, took a step back, and ran into Trey. Flos took the second blow to the face which sent him sprawling and a kick to the stomach before people pulled the bald man off of him.
“Get out. Take your uncle with you and don’t set foot in the palace again if you want to walk out.”
The balding man spat at Flos as Trey and Teres helped him up. The other servants and workers held him back, but no one spoke up in defense of the twins.
“Come on.”
Trey and Teres pulled at Flos and he let them pull him out of the hallway. Once they were out, Trey and Teres set a fast walk, hurrying Flos down the corridor. Only when they were a good minute away did Flos speak.
“Well, that was enlightening.”
The twins stopped and stared at him. Servants behind them cursed and dodged out of the way as Flos rubbed at his cheek. It was already swelling up.
“What? What do you mean, it was enlightening?”
“Exactly what I said. I am glad to have spoken to that man. Although I wish you two would have backed up. I needn’t have taken that punch otherwise.”
The mildly reproving tone and glance towards Trey nearly made him lose it altogether.
“That wasn’t our fault! You started that fight! Why didn’t you punch back or—or stop him?”
The King stared in confusion at Trey as if he were the one not making sense.
“Don’t be ridiculous. What sort of King would attack his own subjects?”
Trey’s mouth worked helplessly as Flos led them on again.
“The…kind that doesn’t want to be hit?”
“Hah! Good point.”
Flos grinned at Trey as he rounded a corner, tapping the gem in the center of the broach twice. One second he was a wincing, commonplace laborer, the next, he was a King. Trey wouldn’t have noticed the slight swelling around his cheek at first glance. The sheer…Flos-ness of the man overwhelmed details at first glance.
“My King! Good morning to you!”
“Good day to you.”
Flos waved at servants who exclaimed upon seeing the King appear out of the middle of nowhere. Trey saw the corridor full of people behind him do a sudden double-take and stare in amazement at Flos. They called out greetings too as Flos abandoned the right side of the corridor and strode down the center again. It was better that way; people got out of Flos’ way no matter where he walked.
“I can’t believe you let him hit you. Why did you call yourself a bad King?”
“Because I am. Because it is true. They may see me as a King worth following, but I will not give myself such laxity. I have failed them. That they would follow me is a mark of the worth of my subjects, not myself.”
Trey stared at Teres. She shrugged. Then she frowned at Flos.
“Why didn’t you tell them you were the King, then? Then they wouldn’t have kicked you. Or thrown beer on your head.”
“Was that what it was? I thought it was water. But why would I reveal myself?”
Flos felt absently at his damp shoulders. Trey tried to explain, feeling all the while that he shouldn’t have to.
“Well, isn’t that what you wanted to do? It’s like…it’s like all the stories.”
“Stories?”
The King halted in the middle of the corridor. He made Trey explain to him what he meant.
“In stories of…King Arthur, I guess, he pretends to be a beggar, or an ordinary knight. He goes around doing good deeds and learning about folks, and then he reveals himself to them afterwards as the King.”
“Why would I do that?”
Flos looked blank. Trey opened his mouth and paused.
