4.01 K
Page 10
“Should I have? I am a King, and he is my [Steward]. My faith in him is complete.”
“Yeah, but—”
Trey shook his head, an activity he had come to associate with Flos. He looked around, frowning, as he realized where they were going.
“Are we headed to the map room?”
“Yes!”
Flos smiled as he threw open the doors to the room where strategy was planned and Orthenon occasionally tutored the twins. He surprised a woman organizing the carefully arranged maps. He nodded to her.
“Will you fetch us a map so I might view it. I would like a…modern map of the surrounding area. Please.”
He looked vaguely pleased with himself for adding ‘please’ at the end. The woman bowed and immediately found him the required map. Flos unrolled it and the twins stared at the inked lines on parchment.
“Hm. This is only a few years old. But I see.”
Flos sighed as he stared down at the countries and nations marked out on the map. Trey and Teres stared. Compared with the map Orthenon had shown them earlier, this map was completely different.
Most of the nations to the west had been swallowed up by a new empire, the one ruled by the Emperor of Sands. Whereas, around Flos’ kingdom of Reim…
The King traced his finger around the tiny, almost ludicrously small plot of land that was his kingdom. His hand moved up, and he went from nation to nation, staring at the tiny names listed there.
There were so many small plots of land around his kingdom that it looked like a spiders’ web. Trey saw Flos’ finger point to a tiny sliver of land to the north, directly next to his capital city.
“I remember these lands. I remember…ruling them. Now each one is ruled by a [Lord], or part of a larger kingdom.”
He turned quickly away from the map. He nodded at the woman and she rolled it back up quickly.
“That was all I needed to see. Come, Trey, Teres. There is something I must do with the two of you.”
Trey didn’t get it. But he followed Teres and Flos out the door.
“What are we going to do?”
“I wish to see for myself what Mars saw. I should have sparred with the two of you myself, rather than leave it all to her. If she does not know your worth, then how can she evaluate you properly?”
“Wait, you don’t mean—”
Trey balked the instant Flos led them back to the training grounds. He and Teres backed up to the doorway as men and women training with weapons turned and called out exuberantly to their King.
“We’re tired. We can barely lift our arms!”
“Good! That means you’ve been exercising. But I would like to see your lack of skill myself. Ah, Mars.”
Flos turned and smiled in greetings as Mars hurried over. She blinked at the sweaty and irate Trey and Teres.
“Are you going to have them train again, my lord? I gave them a workout earlier. They might not have the energy for it a second time.”
“Just a few swings. It has been far too long since I wielded a sword in earnest myself.”
Flos accepted two training swords and tossed them at Trey and Teres. Both twins failed to catch their swords and had to pick them up laboriously. Trey froze when he saw Flos had unsheathed the sword at his side.
“Why do you have a real sword?”
“Don’t worry. It’s not enchanted.”
“That’s not—”
Trey bit his tongue as Flos swung the sword through the air. It was fast in his hands. He saw Mars staring with what looked like love at her King as he held the sword. Flos beckoned at Trey and Teres as they held their blades uncertainly.
“Come. I won’t injure you two. I simply want to see you strike.”
