4.02 K
Page 7
The King dropped him. Venith landed on the ground with a thump. Flos nodded. He stared at the village, and then met the eyes of the order of Black Judgment.
“That’s all I needed to know.”
He rode back towards Gazi, and his army of amateur warriors. Venith lowered his head and raised his sword as the Black Judgment closed in. Then he heard Flos’ voice.
“Her name is Merisa!”
It was a shout. Like thunder, his voice echoed across the ground, cutting above the screaming and shouts. Venith saw Flos turn. Then the young King unsheathed his sword. Beside him, the half-Gazer raised her blade.
Flos pointed straight at the woman with the glaive. He uttered one word.
“Charge!”
His army roared and swept forwards. Venith heard thundering hooves, and then Flos leapt past him. He cut the first warrior of the Black Judgment down and then rode on. Shouting a child’s name.
That was the first time Venith had ever wept in public. He ran after the King of Reim on the day he declared war against the Black Judgment.
For a child.
For justice.
 
—-
 
“Teres!”
Trey shouted her name amid the clamor around him. He heard someone shout his name, and then found her in the sea of people.
“Over here!”
She led him away, away from Flos, who was at the center of the throng of people. When they could talk without shouting, Trey hugged Teres. She hugged him back.
“How’d you know he was going to do that?”
“I didn’t. But when he didn’t ride off I got a bad feeling.”
“You threw a rock at him! What if he stabbed you?”
“He didn’t.”
Trey opened his mouth to protest that logic when he heard his name again.
“Teres. Trey!”
Someone’s voice boomed. The twins turned. Flos was striding towards them, the sea of people parting in biblical fashion. The King smiled as he stared at Teres.
“You have keen eyes, Teres. A shame you had no bow or wand. I will fix that another time. For now, follow me.”
He turned. The twins stared at each other and then followed Flos. He was walking towards the village gates. People were trying to stop him without actually holding him back. A man—the village headman, perhaps, was trying to talk to Flos.
“Don’t go alone, my King. We’ll follow you into battle! We might not have weapons, most of us, but we’ve a wall and three times their number. We’ll choke them on our blood and flesh if need be!”
“That would be the worst outcome. Far worse than my death. Venith is your [Lord], is he not?”
“Yes, but—”
“But nothing. He is a good [Lord], by all accounts. I remember Orthenon telling me he patrolled these lands. For ten years he has kept you safe from monsters and brigands.”
“He is not you, my King. And he was once your vassal! Taking arms against his sword master is treason!”
“Perhaps. But I was the one who betrayed him first.”
Flos sighed. He did not look at the confused headman, but turned to the twins.
“I will duel Venith now. The sun should rise shortly—stand with your backs to it so you may have the best view.”
They gaped at him. Teres was the first to find her voice.
“Why?”
“He challenged me. That is how things are done in this land.”
“Not that! Why does he hate you? Was he your vassal?”
“Yes. And he bears a grudge.”
Flos strode out of the village, people streaming after him. He was adjusting his belt, tightening it. Trey stared at Flos. He wasn’t wearing armor.
“Why does he hate you?”
“For abandoning him? For leaving my kingdom to rot? For incompetence, failure, cowardice?”
The King of Destruction shook his head.
“I do not know. But I must answer him, Trey. I cannot run from my failure. And he has every right to hate me.”
