4.02 K
Page 1
But he was here to kill the young man. That made everything harder. After a second of furious internal debate, Venith swung himself off his horse. He set his mare running with a slap on her side as he grabbed the shield he always carried. It was flat along the top and curved downwards to a point at the bottom. A heater shield. This one didn’t have Venith’s heraldry on it. It, like his sword, was unmarked, so no one would know his identity when the deed was done.
Flos eyed Venith as the young man approached, keeping his shield up.
“You needn’t have done that.”
“Shut up. I’m better without my horse. Now, are you going to fight?”
Venith was angry without knowing why. He didn’t want to do this, but he had to. He wished he’d never spoken. But to his surprise, the young Flos just grinned.
“As you like. I am Flos of Reim! What’s your name?”
It was too late to go back. Venith shouted over the thundering of his heart.
“Venith Crusand! Prepare to die!”
He charged, ready to end it in a single thrust. But Flos raised his sword and Venith, forewarned, raised his shield. He felt something crash into his shield and staggered. He raised his sword, but Flos was already running past him. Venith spun, and heard a strange noise over the blood pumping in his veins. It was laughter. Flos was laughing—
Five minutes later, Venith lay on the ground. He couldn’t move. Part of the armor around his legs was damaged and unable to bend. And his right hand felt broken. He stared up at the blue, clear sky while he heard footsteps crunching in the dirt, coming towards him.
“I told you it wouldn’t make a difference.”
Venith closed his eyes. He refused to cry, or beg. He tried to speak and coughed.
“Finish me off already.”
“Why?”
Someone reached down and hauled Venith up. The young man found himself being carried to the slight incline where he’d first laid eyes on Flos. The young king dropped Venith there, and Venith stared up at him.
“If you plan on torturing me to find out where I come from—”
“Don’t be silly. I like you. And I don’t care where you come from. I just want to know why you came to kill me.”
Flos grinned down at Venith. He was barely sweating. Venith stared up at him.
“I needed the bounty on your head. That’s all.”
He felt ashamed for saying it. It wasn’t an honorable thing to do. But Venith was no [Knight]. He had duties. He was ready for Flos to scorn him, but the young king only laughed.
“That’s why you tried to kill me? Just for money? Then it’s no wonder you lost!”
That stung. Venith tried to rise and fell back.
“I had a chance! I waited until you were alone. If I’d attacked from behind—”
“You still would have lost. I can’t be killed by [Assassins], you see. I have a friend—well, a vassal, really. She would have killed you, but I told her to let you come closer.”
“A vassal?”
Venith looked around stupidly, but he hadn’t seen anyone when he’d approached Flos. The king just smiled.
“You might have beaten me, it’s true, but not with a bad reason like that.”
He laughed again. It was beginning to get on Venith’s nerves.
“What do you mean?”
The boy King stopped laughing and regarded Venith, suddenly serious.
“If your reason isn’t good enough, there’s no way you’d ever best me. I have a dream as large as all of Chandrar. If yours isn’t at least half as big, you’ll never be able to beat me.”
“What? That’s stupid.”
“It’s not. I’ll never die so long as I have my dream. That’s why I knew I could beat you.”
Flos stared down at the other young man. He offered Venith a hand again. After a moment of hesitation, Venith took it.
