4.02 K
Page 16
Or so Venith prayed. He spurred his horse towards Orthenon, wincing with every step his mount took.
“Lord Orthenon.”
He called out as the man approached. Orthenon did not immediately reply. He was holding a spear, two metal hafts sticking out just below the shaft. He rode fast and hard at Venith, and the man slowed. Venith’s hand grabbed his shield, as much out of reflex as conscious thought.
He wouldn’t—
Orthenon raised his spear. Venith’s arm moved up and he raised his shield overhead as his soldiers cried out.
The winged spear flashed down and crashed into Venith’s raised shield. The impact rang throughout Venith’s body and sent him tumbling off his saddle. Orthenon raised his spear and regarded the head, which had deformed from the impact. He tossed it to one side and Venith braced himself for the man to draw his sword. But Orthenon simply nodded calmly down at Venith as he lay on the ground.
“Lord Venith.”
He rode past the man as Venith struggled to his feet. Mars stared down at Venith and then rode past him without a word, sitting awkwardly on her mount. He was getting to his feet when she kicked him in the back.
 
—-
 
Afterwards, Trey found he didn’t know how they got back to Reim. There was only the procession of joyous people, singing and shouting Flos’ name. He was riding with Flos in front as the King spoke to Maresar and Gazi, rubbing his cheek. And then there was the meeting with Orthenon and Mars.
The man rode towards Flos at a gallop, hundreds of mounted warriors following him. At a distance a huge scowl was visible on his face. It only grew larger as he got closer.
When he was in earshot, Orthenon began shouting.
“Do you have any idea how recklessly dangerous that was? I have [Scouts] and [Riders] searching in every direction still. We feared you were kidnapped. And you, Gazi! How could you not tell us where our King had gone? Do you have any idea what will happen after word of this spreads? Where are we supposed to shelter these people? Their homes are here. How are we supposed to—”
“Orthenon.”
Flos interrupted his [Steward] calmly. Orthenon stopped, breathing hard. Flos half-turned in his saddle. He waved his arms at the cheering villagers, Maresar’s soldiers, and then expanded that wave to take in the army accompanying Orthenon. Flos nodded at it all.
“Take care of it.”
He paused, and then looked at Orthenon again.
“Please.”
He passed by the man and rode on. Trey could hear him calling out.
“Mars! Look who has decided to join us! Did you meet Venith on the road?”
He didn’t hear Mars’ shouted reply. Trey rode past Orthenon and saw the man staring at the mess behind Flos. And then…it was just for a second, but Trey could have sworn he saw Orthenon smile.
 
—-
 
And at midday, when he was about to fall asleep, Trey found Flos. The King was sitting in his room, cheek no longer red, hand healed. He didn’t look as tired as Trey, but he was a bit less energetic in greeting the boy.
“Trey. Is there no Teres today?”
“No si—your ma—Flos. She’s asleep.”
“A wise decision. I would sleep, but Orthenon insists on keeping me awake.”
Flos glanced regretfully towards his bed. He shook his head and looked at Trey.
“But you have no [Steward]. Why are you awake?”
“I don’t know.”
Trey didn’t know why he was bothering Flos, for all the King clearly enjoyed it. He hesitated.
“Is—is that Venith going to come back and try to kill you again?”
Flos raised his eyebrows, looking mildly surprised.
