4.02 K
Page 15
He nodded grudgingly. Venith hesitated.
“I am…glad you decided to come after all. Despite our differences.”
“Hm.”
She smiled at him. Venith reached out, and she brushed his hand away. He frowned.
“What is it?”
“I brought half of our retainers with us. Don’t worry; there are enough hands back at home to keep everything working. Until you decide to forgive your King, you’ll have to make do with that.”
He heard her, but he didn’t want to understand.
“Mares, what are you saying?”
“He’s my King too, Venith. You might have thought about that when you decided to challenge him. I’ll wait by his side, but not for too long. Hurry up and make peace with the past already.”
She rode past him. Venith reached out for her but missed. He called out as his wife rode past.
“Mares!”
She didn’t look back once. Venith stared at his wife’s back as she rode away from him. He stared at his King. He clenched his fist and turned away.
 
—-
 
Trey saw the procession of soldiers approaching with the woman archer at their head. Flos had seen them too. But he didn’t appear alarmed. He smiled and stopped the woman bandaging his hand.
He walked towards the woman with open arms. Trey saw a woman, darker skinned, hair cropped short, a bow at her back. She was smiling and kicked her horse into a gallop. She leapt from the saddle and onto the ground before Flos.
And then she slapped him. The crack of flesh meeting flesh turned every head in range. Trey felt like he could feel his own cheek stinging as Maresar lowered her hand. Flos blinked at her. Then the woman, Lady Maresar, flung her arms around him and kissed his cheek.
“Ah, Maresar. I am overjoyed to see you haven’t changed.”
Flos laughed as he hugged her. Maresar embraced him tightly and then let go. She was actually taller than he was, although not nearly as heavy.
“That was for leaving us. And that was for coming back. I am delighted to see you, my lord.”
“And I you. But your husband hasn’t joined us.”
Maresar smiled a bit sadly.
“He still has not forgiven you. But you are my King. He will come back in time.”
“So I trust.”
Flos looked at the ranks of soldiers that spread out behind their [Lady]. Each man or woman slowly knelt.
“Those who would not march against you have come to fight for you.”
“I am honored.”
Flos turned to look at someone who came towards him, apart from the army.
“Gazi.”
Gazi the Omniscient smiled at her King. She had sheathed her sword, and was looking around at the people around her with all four eyes. Some had already recognized her, and the people calling her name sounded almost as exuberant as when they’d shouted for Flos.
“Lady Gazi!”
“Gazi the Omniscient has returned!”
“My lord.”
She stopped and bowed her head politely to Flos. He grinned at her.
“I should have known you would spot me going, even without your main eye.”
“Of course.”
“I suppose I should only be relieved that Orthenon and Mars didn’t notice and drag me back as well.”
Flos glanced towards the sky, where the sun was already rising. He grimaced.
“Then again, I’m sure they will have noticed by now. I don’t suppose you told them?”
“Orthenon would have found out soon enough. He’s coming with an army, by the way.”
Flos’ shoulders sagged.
“Really?”
Gazi only smiled and pointed south in reply.
 
—-
 
Venith saw the army and the two riding at its head. He called an immediate halt to his men. They formed up, looking frightened.
Orthenon rode at the head of an army of mounted warriors. There were only around four hundred of them, all wearing mismatched armor,  but they vastly outnumbered Venith’s force.
“Hold. They won’t attack.”
