4.02 K
Page 4
“Is that your son, Venith? I remember the name. Calac. You wrote to me the day he was born, and I drank to his health. I am happy he is grown, even if his manners are lacking.”
“He is my son. And a fool.”
For all his harsh words, Venith carefully carried his son to his horse. He helped Calac to mount as a second mounted soldier brought a second horse over to Venith. Flos called out to him as Venith put one foot in his stirrups.
“I have never seen his face.”
Venith’s head turned. He did not look grateful. There was fury in his eyes. Fury and dark hatred.
“And you never will.”
He kicked his mount in the sides and he rode out of the village without looking back. Flos watched him go as people shouted curses at Venith’s back. He somehow found Trey, trying to push towards him in the crowd. Flos sighed. And then he rolled his shoulder and stood tall. Because he was a King.
 
—-
 
When they were outside of the village and riding towards the rest of the soldiers Venith had brought, he stopped and turned to his son. Calac had taken off his helm, and his face was pale as he rode next to his father. He was bruised on his right cheek and his armor had been dented in places by the villagers.
Venith didn’t waste time with words. He slapped his son across the face with one hand. It wasn’t a heavy blow, but with his gauntlets on it drew blood.
“You idiot.”
Calac’s face was red with embarrassment.
“Father, I could have—”
“You have disgraced yourself and your family’s name! Be silent!”
There was too much memory and guilt in his eyes. Venith turned away as he guided his horse towards his forces. A rank of cavalry waited for him, along with a cluster of armed foot soldiers and archers. But not his [Mage], nor the vast majority of his forces. They had stayed behind rather than take up arms against the man that had been their King.
His mood was black. Venith had no ears for the man who rode up alongside, asking for orders.
“Keep your forces back. Encircle the village, but do not attack, even if provoked.”
“What if he runs? The King?”
Calac flinched as Venith looked at him. For a second his father struggled with the urge to shout, but he controlled his temper. Barely.
“He will not run. Even if he is a shadow of what he was, that man would not run.”
“But what if he does?”
Too stubborn, and too insolent. Venith felt like he was staring at himself, twenty years ago. He scowled.
“If he does, I will run him down.”
“But if we attacked—”
That was too much. Venith shouted at his son, the first time he had done so in public.
“I will not slaughter my people! And if you draw your sword without my permission again I will disown you. Is that understood?”
Calac’s face went white. He stood still and nodded. Venith turned away.
“We are not without honor, even if he is an oathbreaker. And if we attacked, we would be the ones feeding the crows.”
His soldiers stirred. The younger ones, those who hadn’t ever known the King of Destruction as more than a slumbering legend, looked incredulous. The older ones knew better.
“Don’t underestimate an army of villagers. Don’t underestimate him. He could cut you apart with ease, and he has the Skills to make any battle even. No. I’ll kill him myself.”
Venith turned. It wasn’t his son he looked at, but his oldest retainers. The ones who’d fought with him over a decade ago. They shifted. Some were uneasy. Others wavered. But some had the same anger that burned in Venith’s heart. They understood.
Venith dismounted from his horse.
“Alert me when the King of Destruction moves. It won’t be long.”
