4.02 K
Page 6
Flos was staring at Venith. His eyes flicked to the village. Venith could still hear screaming. The Black Judgment worked methodically, going from house to house. They did not have to hurry. They just had to ensure no one escaped.
“My lord. They have many soldiers here.”
A quiet, frightened voice came from one of the people standing next to Flos. He turned his head.
“How many, Gazi?”
“A thousand—perhaps a thousand five hundred. All armored. And six mages.”
Overkill for a small [Lord]’s house and his retainers. But that was how the Black Judgment worked. Anyone who broke the law and refused to honor their debts was punished, be it a [King] or a [Beggar]. Venith’s stomach twisted. Now that he looked, he saw the army that accompanied Flos was no true army. Their numbers lay in the hundreds, possibly not coming close to a thousand.
He stared dully at the woman—no, the person who’d spoken. She was not Human. He found himself staring at a being with a huge eye in the center of her head and four smaller ones around it. He only vaguely recognized her as a species from Baleros. A Gazer.
She was female, frightened, holding a sword that looked too big for her. Venith looked around. The rest of Flos’ ‘army’ looked the same. They weren’t the professional soldiers he’d expected, merely the sons and daughters of [Farmers] and [Shopkeepers]. Common peasantry.
He turned away in despair. His father had sent [Messages] for help in every direction. If Flos hadn’t come with an army three times larger, it meant he was only here to watch.
But the King was arguing with the half-Gazer now. He stared hard at the soldiers as he spoke to her.
“I like him, Gazi. And these aren’t soldiers that are being killed.”
Venith looked incredulously at Flos. The leader of the band of Black Judgment warriors was doing the same. Flos spurred his mount forwards until he was sitting and looking down at Venith.
“So this is why you came for my head. It is still not a good enough reason.”
There was no point to talking. Venith lowered his head, biting his lip until he tasted blood.
“Go on and leave. You can’t do anything here.”
“I could. This does not seem like justice to my eyes.”
Flos leaned forwards on his mount. He was staring at the burning village. The woman with the glaive spoke sharply.
“You have no right! This is the law and they have broken it!”
The King of Reim ignored her completely. He looked at Venith.
“I have no cause. A King must not declare war for no reason. But perhaps you have one. Is this just?”
He would have loved to say yes. He would have loved to deny the truth. But Venith’s hand clenched on his sword’s hilt until it cracked. He spoke slowly.
“My father borrowed too much and refused to sell his people. That is the truth. This is—justice.”
“I see. You are a poor liar.”
Flos didn’t move as Venith whirled on him. He was staring at the village. He pointed.
“Look, Venith Crusand. Over there. That girl.”
Venith did not want to look. But he did. He saw a child lying on the ground. She was dead. Dead, or soon to be dead. He looked down.
“What about her?”
“What is her name?”
“Don’t mock—”
A hand reached down and lifted Venith off the ground. Flos stared at Venith as his stallion groaned at the sudden increase in weight.
“What. Is. Her. Name?”
Venith turned to look. There was no way he could tell at a distance—
His breath caught. He saw a long braid, faintly blonde hair. He remembered the handful of flowers that she gathered every summer and handed out like they were treasures. He spoke her name.
“Merisa.”
