4.02 K
Page 18
“Not so. You come from another world. From another world.”
“But we don’t know much. We don’t know how to make guns or how electricity is made or…anything.”
“And yet, it is the two of you who woke me from my slumber. Where all my vassals and time itself could not do so. What is that, if not worth?”
Flos placed a gentle hand on Trey’s shoulder. The young man looked up at him, and saw a smile.
“Shall I tell you something interesting, Trey? Something not even Gazi knows?”
“What?”
“When I was a young man, no one thought I would become anything special either. I was a low-level [Prince] of a tiny kingdom. My father had little time for me, and my subjects only thought of me as royalty, not someone to inspire them. Only my mother had faith I would be successful.”
“Really?”
“Truthfully, she was disappointed when I took up the sword. She always had hopes I would pursue other paths. Like poetry.”
“Poetry?”
“Oh yes. She thought I was a wonderful poet, despite my only ability being a small gift at rhyming. Let me see.”
Flos thought for a moment, and then spoke softly.
 
“One last time let the forges roar.
Forevermore, forevermore.
Let hammers sing and bellows cry
And let voices split the very sky.
The King is awoke, the land awake
Now let us all an ending make.
So one last time the forges roar
And once all is over, nevermore.”
 
Trey stared at him. Flos shrugged.
“It’s not good. But I could make such simple poems for my mother at will. It made her smile. The trouble is, such a talent is largely useless. I am a King who leads his people. What use is rhyming and pretty words as a talent? I failed my people. Would that I had a stronger spirit, they would have been better served. But now here I stand with sword in hand, the mark of my folly upon this land…”
He broke off, grimaced.
“You see? It is a terrible thing. And it comes upon me more the longer I think of it.”
Trey grinned and ducked his head. Flos smiled, and then stared pensively back at the wall.
“You may not see your worth, Trey. But I promise you, it is there. In you and Teres both. You two are not the same; it is folly to compare your actions, even for twins.”
“But we’re supposed to serve you. Shouldn’t we be…good enough?”
Flos laughed. It was a genuine sound, honest and pure.
“You woke me from my slumber, Trey. There is nothing more worthy in the world than that. And as for the rest…if you doubt yourself, keep following my back. Watch me, Trey. Come with me as I learn to be King again. And one day, you will be worthy of standing by my side.”
He clapped a hand on Trey’s shoulder and rose.
“Today was a start. I failed again, but I also succeeded. One village has come back to me. One small village, but it is part of me, Trey. This kingdom is my heart. Its people are my blood. Now it beats faster. Faster. Not with rage or sorrow, but excitement at last. I had awoken, but I did not remember what it was to be King. Now I am remembering.”
He stood, and strode towards the window. Trey followed him. Flos stared out across the empty landscape and smiled. Below him a city moved with people. It was still largely in ruins, still far emptier than it should be, but there was life down there. Growing.
“It is time to do what I should have done from the beginning. It is time to act, to lead them. Not as a man or memory. But as a [King].”
Flos smiled. He turned to Trey.
“Now, I believe I shall take a nap. If Orthenon comes looking for me, I’ll throw him out a window.”
And he grinned at Trey, looking like a young man wearing an adult’s face. And Trey looked into Flos’ eyes and laughed.
 

