4.02 K
Page 13
“You are right. I cannot take back the past. I cannot undo my mistakes or erase my sins. And they are the gravest of this world. There is no one less deserving of a crown than I. And yet, I am your King. Your King, Venith. Just as you are my vassal.”
Flos moved slowly. He turned to face the crowd of people, the soldiers, the villagers, the twins. But when he spoke, it was only towards Venith.
“I care nothing for your oath. I care not that you raised your sword against me. I only care for you, Venith. I crave your company, more deeply than a lover, more urgently than a babe. I need you, Venith Crusland. Follow my back once more. Be my sword and shield and run with me one more time. One last time. We still have not reached the ends of the earth. But this time we shall.”
Venith stared up at Flos silently, eyes filled with an emotion Trey could not name. The King gazed down at him.
“My kingdom fell to dust because I was not ready before. But this time my dream is rekindled. And it is larger. This time it reaches beyond one continent. It encompasses the world. That is how far we will go. To the edge of the world and beyond. To the furthest nation, to the highest peak. Once, a young boy dreamed of making the world a better place. Now a grown man dreams of the same. The fire burns again in my chest, Venith. I see in my heart lands I have never laid eyes on, of oceans I have never crossed. And I know my enemies wait for me there, uncountable, and allies too. Waiting for the moment I dare to step forwards.”
He held his hand out, blood dripping between his fingers.
“The world waits for me. But I cannot face it alone. So I ask you once more. Renounce your oath. Take my hand or go. But know that you will always be mine. My sworn companion. My friend.”
All was hushed. Venith stared down at Flos’ bloodied hand. He stared at his King. And reached out.
 
—-
 
“My King.”
Venith shook his King, grasped his hand. He stared into empty eyes, a vacant expression. Flos stared back, but there was nothing of him in there.
“It is over, Venith.”
“No!”
The man turned and glared at the one who had spoken. Gazi. She was standing next to the throne, eyes downcast, more defeated than he had ever known her. Standing to her right, a soldier, one of the Rustängmarder who would ferry orders to the rest of the company, stood at attention. He and Venith had heard the words from Flos’ mouth, but Venith couldn’t accept it.
“It’s not over!”
“It is. It is all over. I am finished.”
The words came slowly and at a distance from Flos’ mouth. He did not look at Venith. He sat slumped in the small chair, staring at the ground. But Venith refused to hear.
“We can still fight! Give me a command and I will lead your armies myself!”
“It’s not about armies.”
Flos didn’t raise his head. He stared down at his hands.
“She is dead, Venith. Queravia is dead. So is Tottenval.”
“What?”
Something cold lurched in Venith. He had known. But—
“We found his body today.”
Gazi spoke quietly. There were tears in her eyes. Venith couldn’t speak for a few moments. He felt his eyes sting, but he couldn’t stop.
“Even so. Even so—we have to continue. We owe it to them! You can’t just—”
His voice broke. It couldn’t be happening. It couldn’t all be over. The entire kingdom, gone. Not like this. Not—
“It is over, Venith. I am done. The King of Destruction is no more.”
“What about your people? What about your retainers, those who have sworn themselves to you?”
“I cannot be their King.”
