4.02 K
Page 12
“Your big eye isn’t open. I could shoot you if I had to.”
“You won’t.”
Maresar turned her head. She was staring at Flos as he stood over Venith.
“And why is that?”
Gazi turned her head to stare at her King.
“My lord did not come here to kill. I know him. Your husband won’t die today.”
Lady Maresar stared at Gazi. For a second her hand tightened on her arrow, and Gazi’s hand tightened on her greatsword.  Then Maresar smiled and lowered her bow.
“Very well. If you are wrong I will kill you first.”
Gazi just grinned in reply.
 
—-
 
Trey stood with Teres, watching. That was what he seemed to do. Watch. Yet he was a part of this scene as well. He stood next to the King of Destruction, after all. He stood next to the King of Reim as, sword in hand he stood over his former vassal.
Venith Crusand. The man had regained consciousness. He stared bitterly up at Flos.
“Finish it this time. Or I swear I will come back for your head again.”
Flos smiled.
“After all this time, you haven’t changed Venith. I told you once. I like you. You fought by my side for countless years. Shed blood in my name. I could never kill you.”
“But I could kill you. I swore an oath.”
Venith struggled to his feet, but fell back. He coughed and stared with hatred at Flos. Real, deep hatred. Trey could see that plainly, but he also saw how Venith’s eyes hadn’t left Flos’ face. They searched every inch of the King’s expression, as if looking for something.
“You betrayed us. You left us.”
Flos’ head bowed. He made no reply. Venith raised his voice. He shouted as the villagers fell silent, and his soldiers watched.
“You abandoned your kingdom! A King! Every army in the world came after us, cutting us down. I swore an oath to save my people, to protect them since you would not! I am bound to kill you or die trying.”
“A powerful oath.”
Flos nodded slowly. Venith bared his teeth.
“I have never broken my vows. You know that.”
“I do.”
“So.”
Venith struggled to lift a hand. He pointed to the blade in Flos’ hand.
“End it. Or we shall fight again. Again and again, until I am dead.”
Trey heard a choked sound from Calac. He was held tightly by two of Venith’s soldiers. Flos nodded.
“Your honor. Your vows. For your people you took them, and I know you are bound to fulfill them. However, I would say one thing to you Venith Crusand.”
He raised the sword in his hands. Venith narrowed his eyes and gritted his teeth silently. Flos stared at Venith, and then tossed the sword at his feet.
“I do not care.”
Venith stared. Trey stared. Teres stared. The villagers and soldiers were statues. But Flos just smiled. And laughed. And then he shouted so everyone could hear.
“I am no petty tyrant, no fearful monarch! I am Flos, King of Destruction! My heart is large enough to suffer a thousand insults, but too small to accept the loss of one friend. I care not that you renounced your oath of service, Venith. I care not that you swore a vow against me. Join me, and we will fight together as before.”
He held a hand out to Venith. The man stared up at him, open-mouthed. Then he snarled and swiped at Flos’ hand.
“You bastard. You trampled over our dreams, abandoned us when we needed you most! And you dare to come back ten years later, as if nothing has changed?”
“Yes.”
The man’s voice broke as he screamed at Flos, at his King.
“How dare you! How dare you—you trampled over us once. And now you come back as if nothing happened, spouting your same lies? How can you say the same thing again? You are a heartless tyrant, a fool!”
“That is what it means to be a King.”
Venith fell silent. Flos stared down at him.
