4.02 K
Page 2
“You’re nothing like what I’ve heard of.”
“Oh?”
“I heard you were a fool who accepted traitors and slaves into his kingdom. A rabble rouser with no respect for law or tradition.”
“That’s partly true. But it doesn’t matter.”
“Why not?”
Flos spread his arms wide, grinning broadly with a smile that was infectious.
“I am a King. If I cared what people thought, I’d really be a fool, wouldn’t I?”
Venith stared at him. He wasn’t like any [King] Venith had ever met, not that he’d had a chance to talk to any other one. He’d only glimpsed other monarchs from afar, usually on bended knee or while dining at a feast or banquet. But Flos was different.
“So if you won’t kill me, what will you do? My family…cannot afford to pay a ransom if that’s what you’re hoping.”
“I don’t want that either. I think I’ll just let you go.”
Flos turned and whistled as Venith gaped. One horse came running. Venith’s mare. Flos stared at his stallion and kicked at the dirt irritably. Then he smiled again as Venith staggered over to his mare.
“When you have a better reason for fighting, come find me again. That was fun.”
The other young man made no reply. He hauled himself up into the saddle, wincing. He wheeled his mare to stare at Flos. Then he shook his head.
“You aren’t worth my time.”
Venith spurred his stallion and rode away as he heard the young man named Flos howl with laughter. At that moment, Venith hated that sound. But he would hear it for many more years and smile. Until the day the laugher stopped…
 
—-
 
Laughter. It was fierce, loud, and unexpected. It made Trey jolt as he stared at Flos. The King of Destruction was laughing at the man who’d spoken. Venith Crusand.
It made everyone stare. The villagers, crowded protectively around their King, the mounted warriors, even the man with the sword. He wore a helmet with no visor, allowing Trey to see his face. Venith was an older man, around Flos’ age. He had dark hair, and a stern, set face. He held a shield on his right hand, and a drawn sword in his left. But Flos only laughed at him. He laughed and laughed, as if he’d heard a truly hilarious joke, not a threat against his life.
When he finished, there was silence. Flos wiped tears from his eyes, and then stared up at the mounted man, his smile fading. Venith Crusand hadn’t moved, and his eyes hadn’t shifted from Flos’ face.
“Memory is a strange thing, Venith. Do you have a better reason for seeking my life this time?”
The man on the warhorse stared down at Flos, cold emotions locked behind his eyes.
“Peace for my people. Vengeance, and retribution for an oathbreaker. And an end to your lies.”
Flos sighed. His shoulder slumped slightly, and he stared at Venith with disappointment. Disappointment, and something else. Regret, Trey thought. Or was it guilt?
“Oh? I had hoped to see you before now, Venith. I thought you would be the first to ride through my gates. I waited for you long, old friend.”
“You would have had to wait forever. I did not rejoice to hear you had awakened. And if you had the sense to stay clear of my lands, you would not have forced my hand.”
Venith raised his sword slightly. Flos stared at it.
“You are serious.”
“I do not forgive betrayal. And I swore an oath to take arms against you should you ever wake from your slumber.”
Now Venith rode forwards. He motioned slightly with his shield, and the other mounted soldiers spread out with him. They drew their weapons as well. But…hesitantly. Trey saw one armored warrior riding next to Venith fumble before raising a spear.
