4.02 K
Page 0

“Flos of Reim. I have come for your head.”
The young man lying on the ground looked up. He stared in vague surprise at the other young man on horseback. His eyes fixed first on Venith’s set face and clenched jaw. Only then did he focus on the sword in Venith’s left hand.
He sat up and yawned, but didn’t reply to Venith’s statement. He scratched the back of his head and shook loose some of the dirt that had gotten trapped there. Of all the things Venith had expected, this wasn’t it.
He drew his horse closer, cursing a bit as his mare seemed more interested in Flos’ stallion, which was placidly eating a few whippy plants to the left. Venith glared down at the king of Reim, Flos. He didn’t seem like much to Venith. He was bigger than the young man on horseback, but Venith had beaten grown men far larger.
“Did you hear me? I said—”
“I heard you.”
Flos looked up at Venith, not intimidated the least by the sword the other man held. The young king had a sword, Venith could see. But he didn’t reach for it.
“Well?”
“I’m thinking.”
That was all the young man with bright red-gold hair said. He stared at Venith, frowning as if the young man were a puzzle, rather than an enemy.
That was too much for Venith’s pride. He lifted his sword.
“Have you any last words before I cut you apart?”
“I’m rather wondering why you didn’t do it earlier, actually.”
“What?”
Flos sprang to his feet, so quickly Venith cursed and pulled his horse back. He rode backwards as the king mused to himself out loud.
“It’s strange. If you were another [Assassin], or a [Bounty Hunter] or [Mercenary], or any one of the people who’ve come to claim my head this month, you’d have tried to sneak up and stab me to death, or blast me with a spell at range. Or use an arrow. Or poison. But you didn’t. You rode up and told me you were going to kill me.”
“So? I’m a [Warrior]. Are you going to draw your sword or not?”
Venith didn’t know why he was replying when he should have been attacking. But Flos just grinned as if he knew.
“If I didn’t, would you cut me down? Unarmed?”
“Yes!”
“No, I don’t think you would. Else, you’d have ridden at me and not given me time to prepare.”
That was true. Venith knew he should have done that, and he flushed angrily. But Flos just smiled.
“So you’re coming to take my head? Why?”
“My reasons are my own. I’m challenging you, king of Reim. Are you a coward, or will you answer me with steel?”
Venith raised his voice and shouted down at the young man. Flos sighed. He reached for his side and drew his sword. Venith tensed.
“Well?”
Flos looked mystified.
“Well, what?”
“Get on your stallion.”
The young King looked over at where his stallion had gone to graze. He shook his head.
“I don’t feel like it. I’ll fight you on foot. It won’t make a difference either way.”
“What?”
Venith stared down at Flos. He felt unbalanced. The young king of Reim, the boy with eight thousand gold pieces on his head dead and twice that alive, grinned as he spread his arms.
“Shouldn’t you be glad? I’ve heard a mounted [Rider] can defeat three [Soldiers] of the same level.”
That was just a rumor. Venith had heard the same thing boasted of, but since he was no [Rider] he’d never want to try that. He stared down with narrowed eyes at Flos. He wasn’t what Venith had expected at all. He hadn’t tried to beg for his life, or flee for safety. Part of Venith couldn’t help but admire the King for his confidence.
