4.02 K
Page 17
“Him? I doubt it. As Orthenon told me countless times, it was foolish to leave my city without an escort. Venith has not the men to challenge me if I go forth with proper protection. More to the point, Lady Maresar is now with me, and I doubt he would try to take up arms against his wife.”
“But he did try to kill you.”
“Yes. I suppose he did.”
Flos stared at his hand, now free of blood. He smiled as he flexed it.
“But that is the thing about Venith. He has tried to kill me once before, did you know? When we first met. Yet he did it so poorly then, and so poorly now, I wonder if that was ever his intention.”
“What do you mean?”
“He could have attacked with his soldiers. Or shot me from afar. Or simply alerted any number of my enemies that I was in Manimar alone and defenseless. I can think of a few enemies – the Emperor of Sands for one – who might use a teleportation spell to send an assassin after me without a second thought. But he did not. He challenged me to a duel.”
“To test you?”
“Perhaps. Or perhaps because he had to be the one who struck me. I confess that I do not know. But I am glad to have heard his fury.”
“Even though he hit you?”
“I deserve it, don’t you agree? My face will not be marred by a single blow, although a few of Lady Maresar’s slaps might do the trick.”
Flos laughed. He stared pensively at the wall, his eyes going down to a blank spot on his dresser. Trey saw there was nothing there as well. No head. He wondered if Flos had buried it yet.
The King sighed.
“It is an odd thing, Trey. I went to Manimar unsure whether I would be forgiven for my failure. And yet now all I can dwell on is a single vassal of mine.”
He spread his hands as he sat on his bed, motioning Trey to join him. Trey did, almost too afraid to sit properly. Flos loomed above him, as big as the room itself. But tired. He only looked tired in here, nowhere else. And only when Trey and Teres could see him.
“I wronged him, Trey. I committed the gravest sin a [King] could make. He is right to be furious. If he never forgave me I could not speak a word of protest and be justified in it. And yet, I would give much to have him back.”
Trey cleared his throat awkwardly.
“I understand that.”
“You do? Good. Today was a victory, if there were winners or losers to be counted. But it is not the same, Trey. Not the same.”
“As what?”
Flos sighed.
“As before. Perhaps it was simply that I was young and did not see the cost in everything I did back then. But today my triumph is bittersweet.”
“I get that, too.”
“Really now? What is so lacking for you, Trey?”
“I—well, it’s nothing.”
Trey wished he hadn’t opened his mouth. But now Flos was staring at him, and Trey unwillingly continued.
“It’s just…today, well, yesterday I mean, Teres did a lot of good things. She yelled at you, threw that rock at Venith’s son when he tried to kill you—”
“Ah yes. She was brave.”
“Yeah.”
Trey nodded. He felt proud of his sister. But…
“But I didn’t do much, really.”
“Ah. Are you jealous of your sister?”
“No! Maybe. I’m not jealous. I just wish I could have done something useful too. But it’s always like this. Teres is always the braver one. She always does stuff first. I…don’t.”
He didn’t know why he was confiding in a King of all people. But there was something in the way Flos looked at him that told Trey he did understand.
“You know Trey, when I heard my subjects speaking in the dining hall, I was surprised to hear they considered both you and Teres worthless.”
It took Trey a minute to remember. It felt like an age ago.
“Well, we are, aren’t we?”
