4.02 K
Page 14
Venith lost control. He struck Flos with all his might. The King’s head snapped back, but he didn’t look at Venith. He didn’t react to the blow. He just sat, staring ahead. Silent. That was worse of all.
It was more than Venith could stomach, more than he could bear to see. He would have struck his King once more, but someone caught his hand.
“Don’t do that again.”
Gazi stared at Venith, her grip a vice on his arm. Venith knew he could break her grip, but he saw the look in the half-Gazer’s eyes. And the Rustängmarder soldier was staring at him. They tolerated no treason in their ranks. Another blow and it might be Venith’s corpse lying on the ground.
After a moment, Gazi let go of Venith and he lowered his hand. He stared at his King. A shell. Just that. There was nothing left of his King here, just his appearance. Venith turned away.
“I will never accept it. I will not. I will wait! Until the day you come to your senses.”
Flos made no reply as Venith strode out of the room, slamming the door behind him. And he waited. He waited until it was too late to go back.
 
—-
 
Venith took Flos’ hand. The King smiled. He pulled Venith up. The [Lord] stared at his King. Then he smiled.
And struck Flos in the face.
Trey cried out in shock. The King’s head reeled back. He took a step as the people around him surged forwards, howling in fury. But Flos’ hand held them back like a real thing.
“I have not forgotten the day you turned your back on me. My answer is no.”
Flos nodded slowly. The King stared at Venith, not angrily, but with deep disappointment.
“Very well. Go. But know this, Venith Crusand. For ten years you protected my subjects. You guarded them against bandits and monsters alike and kept them fed. You built them a wall, and took care of my people. For that I owe you a debt beyond measuring. And yet.”
He looked Venith in the eye.
“And yet, it was not enough. You gave them food, shelter, pride in honest work. But you could not give them hope. Your dream is still not grand enough. And that is why they will always be mine.”
He turned away, and Venith stumbled, as if his strings were cut. In a moment his son and another soldier were by his side. They propped Venith up. He stared at Flos and then turned without another word.
Flos turned away as well. He walked slowly back towards Trey and Teres. He paused to look at them and then reached out.
“I am tired, you two.”
That was all he said. Then he walked back into the village, head bowed.
 
—-
 
Venith rode away from Manimar, feeling every inch of his body hurt. He could barely sit in his saddle, but he sat with back straight when he saw who was waiting ahead of him.
“Mares.”
His wife, [Lady] Maresar smiled and rode to meet Venith. She eyed her husband’s face, and then looked at her son. She frowned at him, which made Calac flinch. Then she looked at Venith and raised an eyebrow.
“Are you feeling better now? That’s twice you’ve struck your own King.”
“He is no longer my King.”
Venith gritted his teeth. His hands were still numb, and he couldn’t feel a distinct part of his face. Maresar only shook her head.
“I heard him shouting from the hill. He is your King. He claimed you, despite how you greeted him. And still you think he hasn’t returned?”
He couldn’t properly reply to that. Venith tried to flex his hand.
“I swore an oath.”
“So you did. But you swore one to him first, if I recall.”
“He abandoned—”
Maresar silenced Venith with another look.
“I didn’t come here to argue the same thing again. You are wounded, dear husband. You had better have a [Healer] see to your injuries.”
