4.02 K
Page 3
Venith didn’t seem to notice. The [Lord] stared at the mob of villagers surrounding Flos.
“Move aside.”
“No, my Lord Venith!”
A man moved to bar Venith’s way. He stared pleadingly up at the [Lord].
“Our King has returned, don’t you see? How could you raise  your sword against him?”
Trey heard more voices raised in agreement around him. Venith stared as the villagers moved to protect their King, forming a living wall between him and Flos. His face twisted with fury.
“Silence! You are not his subjects. You are mine! I am your [Lord]! I have ruled you for ten years!”
“But I am their [King].”
Flos strode forwards. The people around him parted unwillingly, but they did move. Flos stood at the head of the villagers, staring up at Venith without fear.
“Pull your warriors back, Venith. The people of Manimar are not tainted by my guilt.”
“Then send them away and face me yourself, coward.”
“No.”
Trey saw Venith blink incredulously. But Flos was calm as he went on.
“I will not let myself die here. But neither will I order my subjects to a slaughter. And neither will you. You are not that sort of man, Venith.”
“You do not know me.”
The [King] met the [Lord]’s eyes steadily.
“Yes. I do. You will not slaughter innocent people here. Pull your forces back and we will settle this in a duel, Venith.”
For a second, Trey thought Venith might order his men to attack. His face was red with fury, but he eventually growled a command. He wheeled his horse and the others did likewise.
All except for one. The rider holding the spear was staring at Flos. Trey had an uneasy feeling. He fought to get closer and realized Teres wasn’t at his side. Where had she gone?
Then his head turned as he heard her voice.
“Look out!”
Teres was standing near the edge of the crowd. She had something in her hands. She hurled it as the mounted rider kicked his horse forwards. She’d thrown a stone, but it was too late. The mounted warrior was shouting as he aimed his spear at Flos’ chest.
“Die, King of Destruction!”
He ducked the thrown rock and raised his spear to impale Flos. The King stared at the rider as he charged at him. He seemed to sigh.
The spear shot forwards as the rider thrust with it. But it stopped as Flos reached out and grabbed the shaft. He didn’t budge, and as the horse continued forwards the spear was locked between the two. The warrior slammed into his saddle and then tumbled off it as his mount’s forward momentum tried to carry him forwards and the spear held him back.
He tumbled off the horse and landed hard on the ground with a crash of armor. At once, the villagers were upon him. Enraged by the attack, they began kicking and stomping on him as he tried to get up.
“Calac!”
Someone shouted that name amid the roars of anger as the rest of the villagers streamed towards the downed warrior. Trey turned his head and saw Venith was riding back, sword in hand. The villagers scattered as he rode through them, striking with the flat of his sword and knocking men and women away.
He dismounted and reached for the fallen figure. At once, the villagers were around him. Venith turned, sword and shield ready, but it was Flos who strode forwards. He stopped the villagers from descending on the two warriors.
“Enough. Let him go.”
“But your Majesty—”
“Let him go. ”
Reluctantly, the people backed away. Flos stared down at Venith; the man was a head shorter than him. Then his eyes went to the warrior who’d tried to kill him. He was still helmeted, but Trey thought he was a younger man.
