4.03 K
Page 11
“Were such a man, a [Pacifist] or…no, his very name is the class, is it not? A [Mahatma]. If such a one were to appear before me, well…I would like to imagine that my people would never be so dissatisfied with my rule as to rise up. If such a person appeared before me, I believe I would be able to find some common ground. But if not, if words failed and such an opponent were to send my kingdom into turmoil, I would remove him.”
Chilling words. Trey could barely bring himself to ask.
“How?”
Flos did not immediately answer.
“There are many ways to stop such a man. I could lock him away, not for years or decades, but forever. I could send him to a far continent. Kill him? No. I would not do that. But the problem with this brave soul is that he can only exist in your world. In a place where empires and nations care for notions like morality. Were he to come here, most [Kings] would execute him on the spot. And I…would not let his rebellion pass either.”
Trey felt a shiver run down his spine. There was a grim, sad look on Flos’ face. He remembered something he’d heard once, something that had been said of Gandhi. Even he would not have known how to stop Hitler. Or was it that even he would have failed? Trey couldn’t remember what he had been told, but the thought bothered him greatly.
Flos noticed. He always seemed to notice when Trey bit his lip, or shifted.
“What have you thought of, Trey?”
The boy coughed.
“N-nothing.”
“Ah. You do not wish to tell me. Which must mean what you are concealing is important indeed. Speak…please.”
For a little while Trey resisted. But then he told Flos.
“So I remind you of a man named Hitler in some ways, do I? Who was he?”
Teres looked at Trey. He nodded, and she took a breath and looked Flos right in the eye.
“He was probably the most vile, evil man who ever lived.”
He didn’t react to the implication. He only nodded, and settled back in his chair. He was no longer smiling. Now he was listening intently.
“All the more reason to tell me, then. What did he do?”
They told him about World War II. They told him about Hitler, about Nazis, and what had started it all, the Third Reich and its consequences. Flos listened silently, unmoved by all of it. He had seen worse. But he shifted when they told him about what had happened to the Jews. And when they talked of the worst of it, the concentration camps, the gas chambers, and the rest, he grew very still.
When it was over, they waited for him to speak. Flos’ head was bowed, and when he raised it, there were tears in his eyes. But he said only one thing that made Trey very afraid.
“From what you have said, I must call this man Hitler a great leader.”
He held up a hand as Teres leapt to her feet.
“Listen. A great leader, and a poor thing not worthy to be called a man. That is what he was.”
Slowly, Teres sat down. Flos stood up, and turned his back to stare out of the window.
“Hitler. There is a name that rings throughout your world. Understand me, Teres, Trey. Yes, I admire this man Hitler as a leader. I reject his ideals, his beliefs, and the empire he created and the things he did. But he commanded the hearts of a nation and forged a defeated people into a blade that sought the throat of the world. He created darkness I had not dreamt of. He tried to kill an entire people. How can such a man not be worthy of praise, damning though it may be? And yet. He was no [King]. And he was not worthy of such a title.”
