4.03 K
Page 17
Trey stared blankly at him, as did Mars. But Maresar glanced at Gazi and the half-Gazer returned the look in a way that told Trey that those two had figured out…whatever Orthenon was figuring out.
But now Trey’s attention was ahead. He spotted a village as they walked past. It came up quickly, but what was amazing to Trey was the reaction. At first, he saw people running back and forth. They probably thought an army was coming their way, and the people that had joined Flos were an army in themselves. But when they saw their King, they rushed towards him.
“Ah, we’ve come to places where my name has not spread. I am sorry Trey, but you may wish to stand back.”
Flos kept walking, and met the tide of people that rushed out of houses and ran towards him. They had tears in their eyes, some of them. He met them as he walked, touching them, speaking to them. But the words he spoke to them were the same mysterious statement and offer.
“I am walking. Would you care to join me?”
Soon, the procession behind Flos had swelled by over a hundred people. And that was not the only time. Soon, Trey found himself spotting other groups of people, heading towards them at speed. Other villages in their vicinity had seen the army and Flos.
“It’s been happening all this time. Haven’t you noticed?”
Teres pointed out another group of a hundred people streaming into the procession, hugging people they recognized, flocking to their King. And bringing food. [Farmers] came with wagons hauling all kinds of food, and people rushed to come back with food to feed the huge procession.
Trey didn’t understand what was happening. But from the smile on Flos’ face, everything was happening the way the King intended it. And part of the puzzle fell into place when Orthenon came racing back  to the head of the considerably longer line of people, looking fit to kill someone.
“You’re using your damn Skill!”
He shouted at Flos, causing a localized hush. Flos only grinned in reply.
“Join us, Orthenon. I take it you had to run to catch up?”
Orthenon didn’t look too tired, but some of the armed soldiers looked positively exhausted. Trey stared at Flos. The King sighed.
“I suppose I should explain. Orthenon is correct, and Gazi presumably noticed it the instant we left the city. I am using a Skill on you all.”
“What sort of Skill?”
Trey couldn’t feel anything different about himself. Flos’ eyes twinkled, and it was Orthenon who snapped a reply.
“[Rapid March]. It is a Skill that [Generals] and other leaders have. It allows an army to move twice as fast on the road. And he’s been using it since we left Reim!”
“Indeed. And thanks to the pace I’ve set, we’ve moved a bit faster than normal. Now Trey,  we’ve been marching for around four hours by my count. Think about that and understand why Orthenon is so upset.”
Flos grinned at his irate steward. Trey was uncomprehending, until Teres did the math for him.
“You mean we’ve already gone over twenty four miles by now?”
“A bit faster. We walk closer to four miles than three by my judgement.”
After a bit of calculaton with Teres, Trey’s face went pale. He couldn’t imagine going that far—and at a walking speed no less! Flos laughed at his expression.
“It is a powerful Skill. One that allowed me to conquer this continent without growing old. I apologize for not telling you Orthenon, but we are just walking.”
“No we’re not.”
Orthenon’s face was grim as he touched the sword at his belt. Trey stared at him uneasily.
“Where are we going?”
“If I am correct, we are no more than thirty minutes away from the city of Rast.”
