4.03 K
Page 20
His voice carried across the crowd, and huge cheers and shouting erupted as he spoke. Trey glanced up and saw, high above, pale faces staring down. Everyone had heard. Flos raised his arms, and the sound grew louder. People were cheering him, shouting for their King. And then he asked the question.
“Who is your King?”
“Flos!”
“The King of Destruction!”
“Flos of Reim!”
Countless voices roared it. But that wasn’t enough. Flos raised his voice. He roared at his subjects, his people.
“What is my name?”
They all screamed the answer at the same time. Every voice, every child, every woman and man. A single word, multiplied thousands of times.
“Flos!”
This time the word split the air. It was thunder, sound given form. Flos raised his hand into the air and the sound was deafening. Flos kept walking, leading his people around the walls. He roared again.
“Who is it that rules these lands?”
“Flos!”
Trey shouted it too, and heard the ringing in his ears, the same word, all around him. It wasn’t just coming from the people with him. Trey heard it from inside the city. People were shouting his name.
“I am the King of Destruction!”
Flos bellowed the words so the people in the city could hear. His voice was louder as he halted and raised both hands up.
“And I have returned!”
Trey heard a loud sound, and then nothing. Something was ringing loudly. He shook his head and saw Teres doing the same next to him.
Slowly, noise came back. But it was thunderous, a beating wave. Flos marched on, and the wild cheering continued. But not for long.
“March! March, my subjects! Call out my name for the world to hear!”
Flos shouted and began to stamp his foot every fourth step. Without needing more than that, every person in the crowd did the same. Soon the sound of their fourth step was like a small earthquake. Then someone began shouting.
“Flos!”
Every fourth step, they shouted his name. And then it really was like the entire world was shaking. Trey found himself doing the same. Every fourth step he landed as hard as he could and the word burst from his lips. He was shaking with wild energy.
“Flos!”
The walls of Rast shook with the sound. Not in actuality, but Trey thought the mortar and stone should have been knocked loose from the sound. He stomped, and shouted. The word was deafening.
“Flos!”
This time he knew he heard the word bellowed from within. And then the King raised his arms. He stopped in front of the gates, and shouted.
“People of Rast! Who is your King!?”
And the walls of the city came tumbling down.
 
—-
 
“Perhaps it was simply a metaphor.”
When Trey could hear again, when the shouting and chaos had ended, hours, years later, that was what Flos said to him. It was what he said when the gates were thrown open, the people of Rast, his people, standing on the walls and cheering, the guardsmen and soldiers having either thrown down their arms and surrendered, or joined the people. They had opened the gates and flooded out, shouting and calling their King’s name.
The city was now the King of Destruction’s. The people had turned on their leaders, overwhelmed the few people who would have kept the gates barred. They had remembered their King, the starving poor, the homeless, and the hungry citizens. They had risen, and the walls of Rast had fallen in a metaphorical sense as they opened the gates for their King.
Not without blood. Trey heard it later. Some people had fought and died to prevent the gates being opened. The [Mayor] had fled, and been torn apart by a mob. That was the darkness in Flos’ victory.
