4.03 K
Page 1
After that, he hit a cloth dummy with his sword as Flos and Mars made him strike with proper footwork and form. Now Trey had to be quick and precise, neither of which felt easy when he watched Flos hit his training dummy hard enough to make the wooden pole it was attached to crack. Faced with that example, every time Trey swung the sword he’d been given, he felt slow as an ox and weak as a baby.
“Alright, now it’s practice time! Come on, hit me!”
Mars always said the same thing. She would grin and lift a shield up and rap on it with her practice sword. Trey would do his best to tap her with his sword, but she’d block him every time, often pausing to tell him why he’d failed to hit her as hard as possible.
It wasn’t fun. When he was done for the day—a good hour later it felt—Trey was miserable. And his arms hurt. And his legs. He felt like his hands were getting blisters, and he just wanted to have something to eat.
“Ah, Trey. Don’t look so depressed.”
Flos jovially slapped Trey on the shoulder. Now Trey’s shoulder hurt too. Trey glared up at the King of Destruction.
“I’m not good at fighting. Do I have to do it?”
“Unless you prove you can shoot lightning, or you find another class more suited to you, yes.”
Flos smiled at Trey as Mars practiced against an invisible enemy with her sword and shield. She was always in the training grounds, even far later in the day. She often hung about, but she would train like that for hours on end.
Now she paused to look at Trey.
“You haven’t gotten the [Warrior] class yet, have you Trey?”
Flos shook his head at the same time Trey did.
“I asked both Teres and Trey to refuse any classes for the moment. Until they were sure of their choice.”
Mars’ eyebrows rose.
“Refuse a class? You can do that?”
The King nodded. Trey had been so amazed to hear the voice in his head the first time he wouldn’t have known to stop it unless he’d been told. But Flos had told him that very night to do just that. The King frowned at Mars as he wiped some sweat from his brow.
“I could have sworn I told you about that, Mars.”
She shrugged, looking slightly guilty.
“I may have forgotten…”
Flos grinned.
“No matter. But I am not sure a [Warrior] is the class for Trey. Teres might find some success there.”
Trey looked around. Teres and Orthenon weren’t in the courtyard. Apparently, Orthenon preferred other, less populated places to practice, and so every day Teres would leave with him and come back looking like she’d run a marathon.
“Why aren’t I training with Orthenon? Is it because you think she’ll be a better [Warrior] than I will?”
He didn’t meant to sound hurt, but it must have come out, because Flos looked surprised as he turned towards Trey.
“Teres? Ah, well…yes.”
He blinked as Trey sagged.
“Surely you noticed, Trey? Teres is a bit more instinctual when it comes to fighting than you are. I recall seeing it the first time I sparred with you. She tried to stab me several times. Quite viciously, too.”
“So she’s got talent?”
Mars shrugged.
“Yeah.”
The combination of Flos and Mars was destroying what little ego Trey had. But Flos shook his head slightly as the young man sighed and lowered his head.
“It isn’t skill in my eyes so much as attitude. She takes to battle with a passion. You think more, Trey, which is why I decided to split you two up.”
“But why? Is Orthenon a better swordsman or something?”
The King and Mars paused. They shared a glance. To Trey’s immense surprise Flos nodded.
“Probably?”
“No he’s not.”
Mars scowled and folded her arms. Flos smiled at Trey conspiratorially.
