4.03 K
Page 16
“That is a fact. But not in Trey’s world. This is fascinating. So this god of yours…what did he do?”
“All kinds of stuff. God stuff. You know, creating the world and so on…”
Trey was treated to a blank look magnified a hundredfold. He realized no one besides Teres knew what he was talking about.
So for the next three hours Trey essentially narrated a good portion of the Old Testament of the bible as he remembered it. He hadn’t exactly read it end to end, but Teres whispered in his ears—she was far too shy to speak up in front of everyone—and he told the story.
In front of a crowd of thousands. Trey didn’t know how much of the city had followed Flos out, but when he looked over his shoulders—
He did so now and saw a procession of people filling the road, stretching back as far as the eye could see. Every face was turned in his direction, and people were repeating what Flos had said, what he had said to the people behind them—
Trey swiveled his head forwards so he wouldn’t pass out. But Flos just kept walking with him, asking questions.
“So this god made your world.”
“Allegedly. Some people think he didn’t. Others say it was a different god—but in this religion he created the world, and his chosen people—”
“Who?”
“Hebrews.”
Teres volunteered that. Which led to a very confused explanation of the chosen people, and how they become slaves in Egypt, then been freed by the prophet Moses. Somehow, he found himself telling Flos about how they had marched around the walls of Jericho for seven days and seven nights, much to the King’s urbane amusement.
“And then they fell down, just like that? Would that Drevish could hear that!”
He laughed and the people behind him stirred. Trey chanced another glimpse and saw people laughing as well, or just smiling to see their King laugh once more.
“But that is a fascinating story! And rather similar to the tale of Gandhi, is it not?”
“No?”
“It was nonviolent. And it gives me an ever better idea…”
Flos caught everyone staring at him and coughed. He smiled at Trey.
“There are similarities.”
“Well…afterwards the army invaded Jericho and killed everyone. Men, women, and children.”
“Ah, a practical god. And a cruel one. Or is it his prophet that ordered it? No—I am confused. I apologize, Trey, but perhaps you had better explain the aspect of god to me at a later date. I confess, I do not fully understand that issue.”
Flos sighed. He stared around, acknowledging for the first time that this was not exactly a peaceful setting. There was a hum in the air, people talking, walking, laughing—and there were thousands of them.
Trey glanced at Orthenon. The steward had walked with his King, listening to Trey speak. But he kept staring at his King, and Trey felt like everyone had the same question in their minds. So he asked it. Trey was surprised to find that much courage in him, but he had just (poorly) narrated a good chunk of the bible to an audience of thousands and a King.
“Um…my King?”
“I thought I told you to call me Flos.”
Mars’ jaw dropped. Trey felt cold sweat on his neck as everyone—except for Gazi for some reason—stared at him.
“S-sorry. Uh, Flos, how far are we walking?”
“A good ways. I believe…well, we should get to our destination in two more hours.”
“Two more hours?”
Trey stared at Flos incredulously. But at his words Orthenon’s brows shot together. He stared behind him, and then with a curse called out. A group of armed soldiers rushed over—on foot—and he led them back down the procession at speed.
Flos grinned.
“It took him long enough to figure it out.”
