4.03 K
Page 8
Trey exchanged a glance with Teres. He had no doubt Flos could actually pull a sword out of a stone, but he was at a loss as to how to explain the difference. Flos just shook his head dismissively. He looked at Trey.
“A real leader this time. Please.”
“Okay. What about…Genghis Khan?”
“Ah. That is a worthy name. Tell me of him. Or her?”
Trey had to do almost all the explaining this time. Teres didn’t remember much, so Trey had to wrack his brains for any details. Of the twins, Trey knew more about history than Teres and it was he who spoke up more when it came to people who had actually existed, rather than mythical people.
“I have fought mounted raiders like these Mongols as you describe them. It is not a pleasant experience. I could well imagine them conquering a vast portion of the world if not checked.”
Flos nodded. He looked at Trey and Teres, impressed for some reason.
“You two are well versed in the stories and history of your world. Tell me, were you scholars? How did you come to know so many tales?”
Teres shrugged.
“Our da told us a lot of stories when he’d get home from work. When he did, he’d talk with us until he fell asleep in his chair.”
She smiled and Trey grinned at her, as they remembered those happy moments. Then the smile vanished; they remembered they hadn’t seen their father in over a month. Flos cleared his throat and the twins looked at him. But he didn’t change the subject.
“I regret that I have not met him. Perhaps one day I shall. Tell me about him, if you would.”
So they did. Their father wasn’t an exciting man to them; he was a good father, but he had a steady job, a slightly boring one. Teres flushed a bit when she told Flos he was a train guard who travelled a lot and seldom came home. Trey looked down moodily and Flos noticed.
“A working job is a fine one. What is there to be ashamed of?”
Teres bit her lip. Trey tried to explain. It wasn’t that being a train guard wasn’t bad—it just wasn’t being a conductor, or a train driver. It wasn’t the worst paying job, but it was the kind of thing you could get into fights over if you went to a nice school where some kids had parents with ‘better’ jobs.
“Ah. I see.”
Flos pondered, and then shook his head.
“Actually, I fail to. I can imagine such squabbles being similar to those I have seen in courts, where the daughters and sons of the lesser aristocracy squabble with those of a higher rank…but I have not experienced that directly myself.”
Trey bit his lip, remembering he was speaking to a [King]. Flos frowned as he bit into his pudding.
“I must confess, I understand little about money. But your father works hard, does he not?”
“Yes!”
“Then he is worthy of praise. That is all I understand, and all I care to. Those who work hard should be rewarded, regardless of station.”
The twins fell silent at that. There was a dismissive tone in Flos’ voice. Not dismissive in a bad way. Just a fact. The world is the way I say it is, and so I am right.
“I note that Trey seems to know more of such figures than you, Teres. Why is that?”
“I like school and studying. That’s all.”
Trey hunched his shoulders a bit guiltily, but Flos nodded.
