4.03 K
Page 7
Flos shook his head, and the dark atmosphere dissipated. He looked at the twins, and now there was excitement in his eyes.
“I asked you about the history of your nations yesterday. But do you recall what I wished to speak of today? Heroes. Tell me of your heroes and leaders, those who shook your world.”
“Okay? Um—anyone in particular?”
“The most famous ones. The bravest, the strongest—and the ones which exist only in legend.”
“What, you mean like stories? Like Hercules and—Superman?”
“Super…man?”
Flos leaned forwards, scooting his chair forwards, suddenly filled with excitement.
“There is a hero known as a Superman? Tell me about him first.”
“No—he’s a superhero. Not a real person!”
Teres held up her hands. Flos stared at her, eyes shining.
“A superhero? What is that?”
That was how Trey and Teres found themselves eating Yorkshire pudding in a palace, sitting with a [King] and telling him about Superman. Flos sat forwards, forgetting to eat or drink as he listened, enraptured, to stories about their world. He was like a child in that he demanded to hear stories of Earth, everything from the food Trey and Teres had eaten, to things like the shows they watched on telly, and what a telly actually was.
Flos was in love with the idea of comic books, of tv shows and video games when he got his head around the idea of them. He was a boy listening to tales of another world when he sat with Tres and Trey. But he was not like a child in how he reacted.
As it turned out, Flos was not interested in Superman at all, but found the idea of Batman intriguing, and Spiderman fascinating. He kept asking questions about him, and Teres, who’d read a few comics while browsing bookshops, struggled to answer properly.
“And you say these heroes exist in another world, made up in the minds of the people?”
“No. Yes! It’s a story. But there’s movies about them, books, comic books, video games, songs…”
“Songs? Sing one for me.”
“No!”
“Why not?”
“It’s embarrassing. Trey, you do it.”
“Why me? You do it, Teres!”
Embarrassment over singing the Spiderman song aside, Teres found that Flos was soon bored of superheroes. When he heard that most, if not all of them had died at one point and come back to life, Flos just shook his head and asked to hear about real heroes. So they told him about the people that had conquered entire nations when they lived.
To his surprise, Trey found that Flos was not interested at all in Alexander the Great. Privately, the boy thought Flos and Alexander sounded very similar, but Flos did not enjoy the comparison.
“A [King] who failed to fulfill his dream? He wished to see the sea, did he not? And he failed? What good is his dream then? No—what sort of [King] would fail his subjects so? They shared his dream, won him victories and carried him across countless lands. But he failed them. No, I do not wish to hear of a failure such as that.”
Flos paused, and laughed shortly.
“He is too much like myself, I fear.”
The same went for King Arthur, strangely. Even though he probably hadn’t existed, he was a point of pride for Teres and Trey, that their country had claim to one of the real heroes of legend. Yet the King of Britannia pulled little weight in Flos’ books. He just muttered to himself about arrogant [Mages] when he heard about Merlin, and had to be convinced that King Arthur wasn’t just a pawn of fate. He wasn’t impressed with the act of drawing a sword out of a stone, either.
“I can do that too. What measure of a King is this?”
