4.03 K
Page 13
“As expected.”
Flos sighed. But Orthenon wasn’t done.
“That is the official response. The messenger I sent was not allowed anywhere in the city, no doubt to prevent rumors spreading. And she was escorted a good distance away from the city before being released. However, she encountered a [Trader] on the road. No doubt he and other travellers are silenced under threat from speaking when entering the city, but he was able to give her a clearer image of the situation Rast faces.”
The way he spoke made it plain that there was a problem. Flos sat up on his throne, food forgotten.
“Tell me.”
“The city is destitute, my King. The [Trader] received offers from the ruling [Mayor] to exchange his wares for promises made against future payment, but refused. As he was part of the larger network of [Merchants] his goods were not taken, but he had to fend off [Thieves] along his entire trip. He was fearful of being ambushed despite the presence of his guards. What was more, not all of the thieves were [Thieves].”
It took Trey a moment to figure that out. But Flos had understood at once.
“The people are hungry?”
Orthenon nodded. He looked grim.
“They are not starving yet. But there is little trade, and the crop harvests have been bad again this year. Few cities or villages are doing well. You could say Lord Venith’s lands are an exception to that rule, but it is only through his hard work his people have prospered.”
“And mine.”
Maresar looked pointedly at Orthenon. He bowed his head.
“My deepest apologies, Lady Maresar. You and your husband have been successful where few else have. In this case, the city of Rast is not dying of famine, but they are desperate and fearful of the future.”
“And the homeless and poor do starve. Is that not so, Orthenon?”
The steward didn’t reply. Flos’ head bowed.
“Where the average man goes without, the poor man dies. That is how it has always been. You do not need to tell me it is so.”
He stared down at the Yorkshire pudding in his hand and made as if to crush it. Then Flos stared at it and ate it in one bite. Orthenon turned his head, and the servants carrying the food instantly retreated out of the room.
“Hold. Distribute that among the others with my blessings. I know you would have already, but I ask you yourselves to try some. They are quite good.”
Flos’ words made the servants turn. He smiled at them, and they bowed or curtsied before leaving. Then he lost his smile and looked back at the others.
“It is my fault.”
Mars opened her mouth as if to protest, but she stopped. No one else had spoken. Flos nodded as he looked at the twins.
“My fault. You see, Trey, Teres, I once ruled these lands.”
Trey didn’t see the connection, and Flos noticed. He looked tired as he explained.
“I took these lands by force and claimed their people as my own. After my kingdom fell to pieces, some lands were absorbed by other kingdoms, or became independent. Those who swore themselves to other [Queens] or [Kings] survived. But other lands failed. Because I, their [King], had abandoned them, abandoned my throne. And as the [King] fades, so too does the land.”
That was like a legend too. Trey tried to imagine it. If the [King] was healthy, the land was bountiful? Was that like King Arthur? He couldn’t exactly remember any tale like that. But then Trey had a thought. What if the [King] died? Did the land die? Or…
“If the issue is that, my King, why not declare war? We could feed them with our supplies, surely.”
Mars offered the idea to Flos hopefully, a hand on her sword’s hilt. But Flos only shook his head.
