4.03 K
Page 6
“That you know of.”
“Yes! And we know a lot!”
“Hmm. But then, your world truly is round, and there is no edge? No…place where the ocean ends?”
“No!”
Flos shook his head in amazement as the twins shook their heads in exasperation. He had the worst hangup about some things. Flos readily and estatically accepted the idea that the moon and the stars were other planets, far, far away. He was completely happy to listen to the twins tell him that lightning could be harnessed, steam could be turned into an engine, and oil could be made into a fuel that allowed men to fly in metal birds through the sky.
It was almost incredible how easily he accepted such things, actually. But there was one thing Flos couldn’t understand.
“Yet you say your laws apply to every planet. Each one is…round.”
“Yes, Flos. But it doesn’t feel round. You can walk across the entire world, or sail, and you’d never feel it getting curved. It would feel flat, but you’d be able to go the whole way around because it’s round, you see?”
Teres took over for Trey while he sipped some water, preparing his throat for a lot of speaking. Flos scratched his head.
“I believe I understand. And yet, that is not true of this world.”
“It is!”
Exasperated, Teres’ sister glared at Flos.
“I know this world is big, but if you took a ship—look, you could calculate the earth is round by looking at the sun and shadows! People in Greece did it thousands of years ago!”
“I have no doubt you are telling me the truth. But this world is not round.”
“How do you—”
“There is an edge of the world. A place where the sea ends.”
Flos held up a hand to forestall Teres. She broke off, staring. Flos frowned.
“I have never seen it. But there have been mighty [Captains] and fearless [Sailors] and [Travellers] who have attempted to find the edge of the known world, Teres. If the world was round they would have come around the other side and said so, yes? But they do not. Out of every thousand ships that has dared to travel to the edge of the world, past Baleros, past Rhir, only one or two ever comes back.”
“Really?”
Flos nodded, meeting Trey’s gaze somberly.
“Yes. They come back screaming of a blackness which the water pours into, a place where light does not exist. The end of the world. So you tell me the world is round in your world, and I believe you. But what is true in your world is not true here.”
The twins stared at the King and felt the ground beneath them shift. A world with an end to it. Trey sat up in his chair, heart racing at the thought.
“How—how many people have seen the edge of the world? I mean, really?”
“In this lifetime? I doubt you would find more than one or two alive, if any. But those who have come back have been written of, and I have read many books which say the same. And the [Sailors] have their own tales. They believe it. As do the islanders.”
“Islanders?”
“I told you of them, did I not? They live on an archipelago, closest to that end of the world. The next time Orthenon shows you his maps, ask him to point it out to you. They know not to sail too far in one direction, less they vanish forever. And—there are stories that sometimes something comes up from that place. Things that kill all they encounter and die slowly, if at all.”
There was suddenly a bit less warmth in the room. Trey shivered. He unconsciously reached out and Teres gripped his hand and squeezed it tightly.
“I have never been to the islands, so I do not know if those rumors are true. If I ever meet an islander that is not trying to kill me, I will ask. For now, let us speak of more pleasant things.”
