4.03 K
Page 4
She shook her head as all eyes turned towards her.
“I have not talked with many, but I do not think the most daring [Bandit Lord] would dare approach your kingdom. They still remember what happened to the ones that Gazi hunted down.”
“Do you think she was a [Bandit], Trey?”
Teres whispered to Trey as the others talked about where to put the villagers in the meantime. He opened his mouth, but Maresar turned her head towards them. Orthenon broke off as she nodded to the twins.
“I was a [Bandit Lord] of renown before I was defeated and pledged my service to his majesty.”
“A bandit…lord?”
Trey stared at her. Mars grinned and laughed.
“Everyone thought Maresar was a lord, because they never saw her! That’s how she got the class, isn’t that right?”
Maresar looked disapprovingly over at Mars and shook her head.
“No. There is no [Bandit Lady] class. That is all. All leaders are known as [Bandit Lords], regardless of gender.”
“Oh.”
Mars scratched her head and blushed a bit. Flos cleared his throat and all eyes turned back towards him. He didn’t seem to mind the interruption, although Teres and Trey’s ears were red.
“What of the other cities and larger towns, Orthenon? If any would join me now, I would rest easier with their stores of grain and food added to ours.”
“Not to mention additional soldiers.”
Gazi nodded in agreement. Orthenon sighed, looking visibly annoyed.
“I have sent messengers to the cities of Rast, Belevadim, and Chalm bearing word of your return. I have yet to hear a response from any city.”
“No doubt they are considering their response. Which means their rulers deny me, or the citizens do as well.”
Flos shook his head.
“No matter. For now, continue training and drilling those who have chosen to fight. We have the makings of a decent army here, but I take it you still lack the numbers you desire, Orthenon?”
The steward nodded.
“I have a good number of veterans, some quite old. I have given them the arms that Lady Mars obtained and they will act as a strong elite force. However, the plain truth is that we lack the proper numbers for a true army, and our newest recruits are of very low level.”
“The latter problem will be solved by the first battle. As for the first…well, I shall rely on the efforts of you four to overcome any difference in numbers.”
His vassals straightened and nodded. Flos pondered for a moment and then turned to Maresar.
“Maresar, would you take those you deem fit and train with them exclusively? I would like you to lead the archers in my army. I realize that was not your role before, but in absence of any other warriors of note, I ask it of you.”
“I would be honored, my King.”
“Very well. Mars, if you will train with the newest soldiers and if both Gazi and Maresar, will assist Orthenon in drilling the army to fight as one…”
They nodded at him. Flos turned his attention to Trey and Teres.
“Orthenon does not have the time to exclusively attend to the army. Lady Maresar and Gazi have both commanded units of soldiers and small armies of their own and know what is needed. Do you understand why we must train this army, despite having veterans of countless wars?”
It was far worse than being called on by the teacher in class. Far worse. Tongue-tied, both twins shook their heads. Flos nodded, not disappointed by their honesty.
