4.04 K
Page 0

Trey was sitting in the banquet hall with Teres, trying to explain what a shortcake was to an interested audience of servants and a harried [Cook] when Gazi found him. The half-Gazer strode through the crowd and jerked her thumb.
“Come.”
It was indicative of her personality that no one asked questions. Trey and Teres were following Gazi out of the banquet hall in an instant.
“Why are we—”
Gazi’s head turned and she cut Teres off with an answer.
“A messenger has come for my lord Flos. He desires you to hear what is being said.”
“And wh—”
“War.”
The word precipitated a crash of broken pottery. A woman who’d been carrying a load of dirty dishes dropped them when she heard the word. Gazi glanced at her and the woman immediately bowed.
“War?”
Trey said it faintly. War? Now? Of course, Flos was the King of Destruction, but—
“It will be war.”
One of Gazi’s eyes turned to follow the servant as she bent to pick up the broken shards. She didn’t say anything, but Trey would have bet his eyeteeth—since he didn’t have any actual money—that the woman would be telling everyone in earshot as soon as she was out of sight. And Gazi probably knew that, but she walked on.
As it turned out, war had already been declared by the time the twins and Gazi reached the throne room. They entered to hear shouting, and saw a young man wearing leather armor, covered in a thin layer of dust and sweat, shouting at Flos.
“—will not kneel to you! Hellios has risen, and our soldiers are marching towards this city at this very moment!”
Flos sat on his throne, flanked by Orthenon and Mars as he stared down at the messenger.
“So Queen Calliope desires war?”
The young man’s eyes blazed up at Flos. He didn’t seem to notice the twins as they edged around the room, nor Gazi as she strode up to the throne and took a place next to Orthenon.
“You know she does. Her hatred of you burns no less brightly than my own, King Flos of Reim. You killed my father, and for that you will answer at last.”
His father. Trey looked at the young man. Was he a [Prince]? Certainly, Flos seemed to be treating him like one, to let him yell at him in front of his vassals. But why had a [Prince] come himself? He certainly wasn’t attired like one, and he looked like he’d been on the road for hours, if not days.
“That I killed King Treland is reason enough to hate. But I would have thought your mother had more sense. She knows what war brings. She has seen it once. I doubt she would be foolish to wish for it again.”
His words made the young prince flush with fury.
“We have held our peace because you slept, in cowardice. But now that you are awake, it is war, Flos of Reim!”
“And why were you sent? Did your mother fear I would slay her messenger?”
“I took his place. I had to see the truth of it myself, that you were awake. I wanted to lay eyes on my father’s killer myself.”
The young man’s eyes burned as he put his hand on the sword at his waist. No one moved, despite the threat. Orthenon stared coldly down at the prince, Mars with intensity, watching his hands. Gazi looked bored; only one eye was on him. Two were for her King and one—
Trey shuddered. One was watching him and Teres. Watching them react to the prince.
“Tell me your name, bold son of Calliope. You have not given it. If I am to be at war with the kingdom of Hellios, I would know who brings such tidings.”
“I am [Prince] Siyal of Hellios. And I swear to you, King Flos, that I will have vengeance for—”
“Your father. Yes, I heard.”
