4.04 K
Page 11
“That’s why you sent her out?”
Flos’ eyes met Teres’. He nodded.
“Other nations feared to commit their forces, because they had no clear image of my forces. Some could use magic, but if they sent a person, that person would die within a fortnight. Gazi was feared for her ability to hunt down anyone and find their deepest secrets. When battle called, she would ambush the enemy, infiltrating the camp and killing a valuable soldier or stealing battle plans. Then she would slip away.”
Trey could imagine Gazi doing just that, with her slight smile. That was why she was always looking. That was how she’d found the child. He shivered.
Flos continued.
“Others occupied different roles. Mars is a pure warrior. She would be at the head of every charge, and crush the opposing army’s champion before each battle. She deserved her class. [Vanguard].”
“And Drevish?”
The name made Flos stiffen at first, but then he relaxed. Trey hated to ask. But he wanted to.
“He was an [Architect], right? He built walls, castles, and stuff?”
“More than that. He was one of the three of my Seven who knew magic, Trey. He could enchant a gate so the mightiest battering ram couldn’t break it. He could build a wall overnight with his teams of [Builders], so that an enemy army would be facing a fortified defense when they tried to launch a counterattack. He did not like war. But he was essential. Ah, but I asked too much of him, didn’t I?”
Flos’ head lowered. Trey and Teres exchanged a glance. She was the one who asked the next question.
“What about Orthenon? He’s not one of the Seven, but he’s like them isn’t he?”
“My steward? Yes. He deserves to be placed among them. But he is not one of them. He is my left hand, the one who does what I cannot. So he never achieved the same level of fame during the war that they did.”
Flos smiled ruefully. Trey thought about Orthenon carefully and meticulously plotting the enemy’s movements, just like he took care of everything else.
“Is he the one who led your armies? Like a [General], I mean? Or was that you?”
The King looked first surprised, then amused. And then heartbroken.
“Orthenon? No. He was far too busy managing my kingdom to plan out the movement of armies and lead battles himself. I led my own army of course, but I did not have the skill to plan out the grand movements of each of my armies. No, it was another of my Seven who did that. Who…used to do that.”
His fist tightened on the wood. Trey didn’t want to ask, but Flos continued. He lowered his head and stared at something neither Trey nor Teres could see.
“Her name was Queravia. She was one of my Seven. She and Tottenval died in the war. She led my armies, not Orthenon. It was she who won the fiercest battles in my name, directing soldiers while my other vassals rode forth and fought on the front lines.”
He had to ask it. Trey whispered.
“What was her class?”
The wood on the war room table cracked slightly. Then Flos looked up and smiled. Tears ran down into his beard.
“She was a [Strategist]. The finest in the world.”
His smile slipped.
“Second finest. No. No—she was the greatest of them all!”
He seemed to be arguing with himself. Flos turned his face to Trey, and there was pain in his eyes.
“I did not see her end. But I heard of it. I did not think it was possible that she would ever die. She was my great strategist, Trey. Not just any [Strategist] either—she bet against luck itself. She was a gambler, a [Gambler Strategist]. Before she died she was a [Gambler of Fates]. And she lost her last bet in Baleros.”
