4.04 K
Page 2
The prince sheathed his sword. Tears stood out in the corners of his eyes as he glared up at Flos. His voice was rough, but steady.
“You have heard my message. Hellios declares war with Reim. My duty here is done. When we next meet, it will be under banner, bearing arms.”
He pointed at Flos.
“I will find you on the battlefield. I will hunt you down and claim your head with my sword.”
The King didn’t blink.
“I shall try to spare the effort to pick your face out from the legions of my enemies.”
He lifted a hand in dismissal. Siyal turned and stormed from the room, face crimson. All that time he had not glanced once at the twins. They were beneath his notice.
The two double doors closed behind Prince Siyal of Hellios, and Flos sat down slowly upon his throne. Only then did Mars and Orthenon turn to face him. After a second, Gazi stepped down and joined them.
And then Trey saw the curtains near one of the balconies move. He stared as Lady Maresar pushed them back. She calmly walked over to the others, putting an arrow back in the quiver at her side as she did.
Flos glanced at Maresar, at Gazi, and then the twins as they hesitantly came to stand before his throne. He smiled a bit at them, wearily.
“And so it begins.”
“War.”
This time Trey said the word and felt a chill. It was strange. One person said it, and suddenly it was true. He glanced at the doors Siyal had left through.
“Was he really a [Prince]?”
“Oh yes.”
Everyone in the room except for Teres nodded at once. Mars grinned as she tapped her chin.
“Did you see the way he kept it raised the entire time he was talking? The royals have a way of talking and standing that just screams their class. It makes you want to trip them whenever they walk past.”
Orthenon frowned at Mars before turning to Trey.
“I am surprised he came alone, but yes, that was [Prince] Siyal. Doubtless he must have come here against his mother’s wishes.”
“Calliope knows I would not stoop to ransoming her son.”
Flos looked mildly annoyed by the implication. Orthenon bowed to him.
“Of course. But the roads are not safe, my King. He must have rushed here.”
“I saw his horse as he rode in. It looked dead. That fool probably rode it at a gallop all the way here.”
Maresar’s lip curled and Flos shook his head. He sat with his back straight against his throne, staring at the ceiling.
“Yet his message was plain, and perhaps warranted such actions, at least in his mind. War.”
“It has come at last.”
Gazi’s eyes glittered with excitement. Orthenon and Mars nodded, and both looked…eager. It wasn’t a thought Trey would have associated with war, not in his world. But there was a spark of that in Maresar’s eyes, and when Flos looked down—
Trey could see it there too. That awful glimmer, that silent spark of terrible things. Terrible, glorious things.
“War.”
When he said it, Trey got goose bumps again. Only this time, Flos did not seize his sword and rush out of the room. Instead, he sighed.
“We have much to do.”
He looked at his steward.
“Orthenon, appraise me as we walk. Mars, spread the word. Lady Maresar, if you will send messengers to the furthest villages? We must ready my subjects to retreat behind the city’s walls at once. Gazi, be watchful as always. And you, Trey, Teres…”
He turned and the twins tensed with anticipation. Flos smiled.
“You have seen my kingdom in decay, at peace, such as it is. Now see its true heart. We prepare for war, at last. It is time to break my long slumber, my endless fast.”
He paused, and only Trey noticed the slight rolling of his eyes, and the look of chagrin on Flos’ face. He turned.
