4.04 K
Page 13
“We cannot execute our plan if you are with us, my King. The coalition army is here for only one reason. Your head. And we must keep the city secure or else lose it while half of our army is in the field.”
“Your plan is dangerous, Orthenon. I cannot sit idly by—I will ride with you. My Skills will make this part of your plan—”
“We need them at a later point, my King! You must wait. You must—”
Flos began arguing hotly with Orthenon. Meanwhile, Trey and Teres stared at the map. Teres nudged Trey.
“What’s the plan?”
“I don’t know! Did they come up with it when we weren’t there?”
“Maybe yesterday? When we went to lunch?”
They were so busy whispering, they didn’t notice Mars coming up behind them. She slung an arm around both twin’s shoulders.
“Hey. You two. Explain the plan to me.”
They stared at her. Mars stared back.
“Come on, you’re always hanging our King.”
“We don’t know.”
“Aw. You two don’t?”
“We know they’re taking half of their forces—the fastest out to fight. Flos—uh, the King will stay here. And Gazi’s got fog arrows.”
“Does she? Okay…that could be useful. But why aren’t we all going out at once?”
“I don’t know. What do you think?”
Mars stared down at the map. Her brows furrowed. She eyed the enemy army, Orthenon’s proposed force. She blinked.
“I don’t get it.”
She’d spoken a bit too loudly. Every head turned towards Mars. She flushed red. Orthenon turned back to Flos and the others as if she hadn’t interrupted.
“You must stay here, my King.”
“I suppose I must, mustn’t I?”
Flos clenched his fists as he stared at the map. He sighed, looking tired.
“Very well, Orthenon. We shall go with your plan. But only if our inspection shows an adequate charge. Understand?”
Orthenon nodded. Then he turned to Mars. She was busy telling the twins about fog arrows, which wasn’t helpful. Because what they did was apparently create fog. Lots of fog.
“Lady Mars, it would be best if you stayed with our King in case more assassins are sent in great numbers. You must guard the city while we are in the field.”
“What?”
Mars stared incredulously at Orthenon. Trey and Teres stared too. They had been under the impression that Mars was great at fighting—better than Orthenon or Gazi. Mars glared at Orthenon.
“Don’t be an idiot! You need me out there! Against seventy thousand—”
“We need you to guard our King more. This initial part of the plan will work without you, and I will not leave our King without at least one of our number in case the enemy splits their forces.”
Orthenon stared at Mars. Gazi turned and grinned at the [Vanguard].
“And you wouldn’t be able to keep up with us for what we need to do. Sorry.”
Mars argued. She raged. She turned over chairs. But Flos told her she had to stay, and that was that.
And afterwards, when the meeting was over and everyone split up. Mars sat in a chair and sulked. This came as a surprise to Trey, since everyone else was busy. Gazi was scouting the terrain, Maresar was drilling soldiers and Orthenon was managing everything else. Flos was inspecting the battlements, but Mars was sitting where she was. Doing nothing.
Now that he thought about it, Trey hadn’t seen Mars doing anything these last few days either. He asked Orthenon about it as the man strode out of the war room. It was the first time Trey had ever seen the steward’s pained expression as he tried to explain Mars’ role in the kingdom to the young man.
“Mars is…competent. In battle. However, outside of it she is best suited to training and…”
He paused. Orthenon opened is mouth and searched for words. Then he gave up.
