4.04 K
Page 16
Blood. Staggering bodies. A man without an arm, holding bloody rags that might have been a body. Someone without an eye. A girl with an arrow protruding from her sides.
People were coming through the gates, many wounded. Trey stared in horror at a wailing baby being held by a man who was trying not to let the blood spilling from his arm fall on the child. He wavered and would have fallen, but Flos caught him.
“Get me every [Healer] in the city! Now!”
He shouted as he held a hand over the cut in the man’s arm, stopping the bleeding. The man sagged as Teres took the baby out of his limp arms. He stared up at his King and recognized him. He smiled.
And died.
Somewhere between people rushing towards the wounded with bandages and Flos shouting, the news came out. There were more refugees, being herded from other countries. They’d been on the road for days, thousands, maybe tens of thousands of them. But soldiers had ridden down on them in the final stretch. They were cutting everyone they saw apart. Mounted soldiers, maybe only a hundred of them. Maybe a lot more.
It was impossible to tell. They were killing everything. It was just blood and death out there.
Flos stared towards the west, where more groups of shapes were approaching down the road. Trey shakily held a man’s arm with Teres as a [Healer] tried to wind bandages around a cut in his stomach. He was screaming and thrashing, but Flos didn’t turn his head.
“I must go.”
“What?”
Mars was there, in full armor. She was staring at the refugees with a sick expression on her face. She stared at Flos as he turned.
“Saddle my horse. I am going out there.”
“My lord, you cannot—”
Mars grabbed for Flos’ arm. He stared at her.
“My people are dying out there.”
“There is an army approaching! Send some soldiers—”
“I cannot send a force large enough to catch a hundred mounted riders. But I can rally my people. You know I can, Mars.”
She shook her head, sending her perfect red curls flying.
“Let me go instead! I can do it—”
“You cannot catch a mounted force, Mars! No, I must go. You must stay here and—”
“No!”
“You must! Someone of high level has to hold these walls. It can only be you.”
“I cannot let you risk your life—”
Trey was holding the wounded man’s arm as tightly as possible. It was that or be thrown off, even with Teres helping him. At some point she shook him, and told him he could let go. Trey realized the shaking had stopped.
The man was dead.
Flos turned to look as Trey got up, shaking, blood on his arms and legs. He looked at Mars, and it was a [King] who spoke next.
“Mars. I must go. Guard the city for me.”
She could not disobey. Trey saw her try. Mars’ mouth opened, and her arms and legs shook. She tried to move as Flos strode away, and then slumped.
He didn’t know why he did it. But Trey ran after Flos, and Teres was there too. They caught him as he was mounting his warhorse. Flos turned to look at them.
“Will you come with me? It is dangerous.”
“Yes.”
Trey and Teres didn’t know why they said it. Neither of them were warriors. They hadn’t been trained. But they knew they had to follow. It wasn’t Flos commanding them. It was something in them, something that wanted to follow this King. To see.
Flos didn’t argue. He just called for two more horses and in minutes the twins were mounted. He said only one word.
“Follow.”
They rode out of the city at a gallop. Trey thought he heard people screaming Flos’ name, but their voices were left behind in an instant. Then Flos and the twins were riding along the dirt road, passing by people, wounded people, who looked up and saw their King.
 
—-
 
