4.04 K
Page 8
“Do you have a total number?”
Orthenon paused.
“One claim puts the army at seventy thousand.”
Someone made a small sound. Trey realized it had been him. Orthenon’s head turned towards Trey and his tone changed, becoming slightly more reassuring. It didn’t work.
“That number is probably highly inaccurate. There may well be over fifty thousand soldiers marching—perhaps as many as eighty thousand depending on whether it was an experienced [Scout] that counted or a [Farmer]. But of that number, a decent portion won’t fight in battle.”
“So? We’re still dead, right?”
Trey didn’t want to be a downer, but he had to speak the blindingly obvious truth when he saw it. Flos drummed his hands on his chair’s armrest as he sat back down.
“[Porters], [Cooks], [Hostlers], and [Healers]…they would account for several thousand depending on the size of each army. Still, Trey is correct that we are largely outnumbered.”
He had to say the situation was hopeless, right? Even if he was the King of Destruction…Trey waited, but Flos just shook his head.
“Putting numbers aside for the moment…Orthenon, based off of your knowledge of the nations that sent these armies, how many high-level warriors are we likely to encounter? Any specialty troops?”
“None that I know of. I would assume they would be obvious if they were included, but it seems that Gemira and Oblinat have declined to commit their most experienced forces.”
“Wise of them.”
Maresar whispered that. Flos nodded. He looked at the twins. He was still explaining. Still explaining, as if this meant…nothing.
“A battle is not decided merely by numbers in this world, Trey, Teres. Nor in yours, I suspect. But aside from the quality of arms and strategy, the existence of high-level warriors and mages can change the course of an entire battle. In fact, the enemy [General] alone can tip the scales between victory and defeat if his level is high enough.”
“So can armies geared towards a certain type of fighting, where all their soldiers have the same kind of class. Highly mobile armies, armies where the most common soldier knows a Tier 2 spell…if we don’t see them here, it is to our advantage.”
Orthenon’s calmness was getting on Trey’s nerves.
“But they have over fifty thousand—”
“Trey. I understand your concerns, but we must appraise our enemy fully before worrying.”
Flos gently patted Trey on the shoulder and let him take his seat. Trey sat, fidgeting on the chair as Flos looked at Ortheon. The steward continued.
“The highest level [General] in the region would be [Duke] Balimar Wulten. I assume he will lead the coalition army.”
“An aristocratic general?”
“No.”
Orthenon shook his head to Flos’ clear disappointment.
“He gained the [Duke] class from achieving distinction in battle, not at birth. To my knowledge his one main class is [General].”
“A pity.”
Flos sighed. He looked at Gazi.
“So. We know there may be as many as eighty thousand, and no outstanding units have been spotted. I hate to ask it of you, Gazi, but you are our highest-level [Scout]…”
She was already ready. Gazi bowed to Flos, eying the position of the army on the map.
“I will appraise their forces and return shortly, my lord.”
She would have strode out there and then, but Flos caught her arm. He stared down at Gazi.
“Go safely, my dear Gazi. Take no risks for me. I cannot bear to lose you too.”
She smiled at him. Smiled in a real way, so happy that it made Trey hurt to see it.
“I will be careful.”
