4.04 K
Page 6
Flos looked at Gazi. She answered softly. As if by reflex, she smiled as she spoke, that same, damned smile that Trey hated so much. It wasn’t a smile. It was a grin. Something devoid of actual emotion.
A mask.
“A group of refugees arrived last night. They claimed to have been driven from their village by soldiers. They had marched for days. Some died. They were all starving.”
Orthenon rubbed at his face.
“I heard the report. I ordered them fed and given a place to sleep. And this child—”
Gazi turned to him, looking vaguely surprised.
“You knew they would send assassins the moment my lord woke.”
He didn’t reply. He just stared at the body and turned away. Orthenon walked down the corridor as Flos stood. He stared down at the child’s body and then looked at Gazi.
“I ask much of you.”
He did not say thank you, or that it was a job well done. If he did, Trey thought Teres would have attacked him with the sword in her hands. He did not know what he would have done. Gazi nodded once. Then she turned. She sheathed her sword and began to walk in the other direction down the corridor.
Someone covered the child’s body with a cloth. Someone else carefully picked up the dagger and wrapped it in several layers so the deadly poisoned edge was not visible. Flos walked towards the twins. They stared at him.
This was the feeling Trey remembered. This was it, pure and raw and sudden, cutting through the vague acceptance of this world, all the time he’d had to adjust to a new reality. Suddenly, he truly was a stranger in a strange land.
Until he remembered they did this very thing where he came from too. Not at home, but in his world.
Flos looked into his face. The King was silent for a while. Then he spoke.
“Some nations use assassins, Trey, Teres. This reeks of Germina. Ambassador Illius’ people train such killers and the Quarass…she would do this.”
That was all he said. He turned away and began walking towards his throne room. It took a long time before Trey and Teres moved. And when they did, they stumbled. They walked along the stone corridors, hearing the hushed voice and knew they did not belong. They did not want to belong.
Not here. And Trey remembered Gazi’s smile.
And he hated her for it.
 
—-
 
There were more shadows in the throne room that day. Flos sat heavily on his throne, and he did not smile. The fifth declaration of war reached him as Orthenon was speaking quietly.
“War with Ultea. A rider rode up to the gates and shouted it.”
Orthenon relayed the message, a look of disgust on his face.
“Barbarians. They didn’t confirm it was a true messenger from their nation. Anyone could have claimed the same.”
Flos was in no mood to debate the issue. He clenched one hand as he sat on his throne, looking as though he would have rather drawn the sword at his side instead. It was another plain sword from his armory. Not enchanted.
Not like Gazi’s.
“It is enough that I hear war declared, Orthenon. When we see their banners marching, we will know the truth.”
The steward nodded. Flos turned towards the twins, standing like ghosts. His voice softened, but he did speak to them of war.
“It is not like your world. There are no signed treaties, at least, none that require my signature. Some nations do send formal missives, but many are like Ultea and use action, not words. Other nations are subtler, but some do not bother with declarations at all.”
The twins made no reply.
 
—-
 
