4.04 K
Page 12
There were no more questions after that. Flos wept and the twins left the room, shaken, hearing the past echo around the King of Destruction. They knew him well, after having lived and heard his more secret confidences for a month. And yet, they knew him not at all. They did not know what he had lost.
 
—-
 
In the days that followed, things went simply for Trey and Teres. They followed, they watched, they saw streams of refugees fleeing the enemy army, and they heard endless reports about it approaching.
Gazi returned after two days, riding hard, looking tired. But she had come with vital news.
“Sixty-two thousand strong.”
Orthenon bent over the map, looking tired. He had good news for Flos and a lot of bad news.
“There are less mages than we could hope for in their number, and Lady Gazi reports that none of them are of the highest level each nation could offer.”
“They’re being cautious. No one wants to commit all of their best.”
Gazi sat gulping water in a chair. She eyed a plate of biscuits that had been prepared for the meeting in the war room, but didn’t take one. Trey didn’t either; he knew they’d go to people who were actually hungry afterwards.
“Less mages is good news. Without Amerys, we lack any magic users of note. What is the bad news?”
Orthenon grimaced.
“They’ve brought siege weapons. Even a pair of trebuchets.”
Mars swore. Trey looked around. Flos had to explain.
“Siege weapons are not common for most armies. They are hard to produce, and only rare classes such as [Engineer] can create them. However, they are manageable in battle…”
“But not what we want in a siege.”
Orthenon nodded. He stared out of the window at one of the battlements. Trey knew that the city had a number of high watch towers and decently tall walls, but no trebuchets or catapults of their own.
“Drevish worked on the city, but he only did so once. And that was before we formed an alliance with the Mad Ones. He never installed siege fortifications for defense.”
“And if they had, no doubt they would have rotted away by now. That complicates the issue.”
Flos nodded. He still didn’t look concerned, but perhaps that was because he was a King and couldn’t afford to show weakness. Trey could do that for the both of them. His heart was pounding out of his chest.
“I think we had better rely on the original plan. In which case, we must sortie and meet the army in the field, rather than wait for them to assail us with their siege weapons.”
Orthenon began placing units outside of the city. Flos nodded. Trey, who hadn’t been privy to every discussion stared blankly at the board. Orthenon was taking half of the soldiers out of the city? Three thousand versus sixty thousand sounded a lot worse, and Trey had thought it was impossible to make the odds any more stacked against them.
“In that case, I will take all of our mounted forces, a good number of our highest level foot—a unit of archers under Lady Maresar, and Lady Gazi. Our plan will be aided by some of Gazi’s acquisitions from her adventuring days.”
“Oh?”
Gazi grinned.
“Fog arrows. I bought a quiver back when I was going through one of the Walled Cities.”
“Fog arrows? Now that changes things. I assume they’re mine to use?”
Maresar broke into the conversation, looking intrigued. Gazi smiled, and they walked to a corner to talk with unsettling grins. Trey saw Orthenon glance several times at his King before he cleared his throat.
“This plan will necessitate you staying behind in the city, my King.”
Flos’ brows snapped together.
“And leave you to face that army alone?”
