4.04 K
Page 7
The sixth declaration was the most dramatic of all, and if it hadn’t been for Orthenon and Flos, Trey and Teres would never have spotted it. The King was walking out of his palace when he uttered an oath and stared up. Orthenon stared up and the twins barely saw a flaming arrow before it struck the wall of Flos’ palace. It did not shatter, but rather dropped downwards, out of sight.
Flos strode to the battlements. Trey and Teres saw a rider with a bow in hand. They had shot the arrow at the walls. A banner—dark blue, emblazoned with a white bird clutching a second flaming arrow in its talons—flapped wildly, attached to the horse’s saddle.
The meaning was clear. War, from a sixth nation. By this point Trey was numb to it.
Flos stared at the rider, hands gripping the battlements tightly. He turned his head towards his steward.
“Orthenon. If that arrow struck one of my subjects, catch that rider and kill her.”
The man nodded and strode away. Trey stared at Flos. The King’s eyes followed the rider until she had vanished. She was allowed to go; no one had been harmed by the arrow as it fell to earth.
Twenty minutes later, Flos was in the war room with all of his vassals, including Lady Maresar and the twins. He sat on a large chair clearly meant for him, staring darkly at his steward as the man spoke.
“Ultea, Oblinat, Xar, Gemira, Hellios, and Elmvett have all declared war against us now, my King. It is safe to assume they have formed a coalition and will send an army of combined forces to assault the city. I have received reports that most of the armies are on the march already.”
Trey felt a cold pit in his stomach, but Flos just nodded as if that was inconsequential. Trey couldn’t help but keep glancing left, to where Gazi stood with arms folded in one corner of the war room. No one was standing with her. Teres was deliberately sitting with her back to the half-Gazer.
Now one of Gazi’s eyes turned towards Trey. He looked away quickly.
“Will any more declarations arrive?”
“Doubtful, my King. These are all the ones I had predicted.”
Orthenon stared grimly at the map of Chandrar as Flos stood up and paced back and forth in front of the table. He turned to Orthenon.
“After yesterday, how many soldiers do we have in our army?”
Orthenon paused. He looked at Teres, and she was the one who answered.
“Just over six thousand soldiers. Six thousand two hundred and fifty…six.”
Flos nodded.
“Six thousand soldiers. A fine number, all things considered.”
“But very small.”
Mars mumbled that. She was playing with a dagger in her gauntleted hands. She hadn’t spoken much before this; Trey hadn’t seen her around the castle as Flos and Orthenon were moving about. Orthenon eyed her and nodded shortly.
“We will have more. Possibly as many as two thousand from the refugees headed towards the city. Not all will be raw recruits either; there may be a good handful of veteran warriors among their number.”
“Continue adding them to the ranks of our army as needed, Orthenon. But will it be enough?”
“I do not know, my lord. I can only work off of rough estimates of each nation’s strengths, but from what scouts and fleeing refugees have said, each nation has sent around ten thousand soldiers to do battle.”
Ten thousand soldiers. Trey felt his heart stop for a second. Against six thousand—
Flos nodded. His mouth twisted wryly.
“Ten thousand soldiers used to be an army large enough for any one nation. Not so these days, I suppose.”
“Not to go hunting for the King of Destruction’s head.”
Gazi shifted as all eyes turned towards her. She looked at Orthenon.
