4.05 K
Page 19
In Trey’s vision, two soldiers rushing towards Venith fell. One staggered and clawed at an arrow in his chest; the other fell soundlessly, an arrow protruding from one cheek. More arrows flew, and the people trying to kill Venith fell from their saddles.
“Retreat, you idiot!”
Mars shouted it from the battlements at Venith, as if he could hear. She turned to Flos.
“He doesn’t know about the plan!”
“Oh, but he does. This is Venith. He knows the nature of my city. He knows what we would do.”
Flos answered calmly, but his hands were gripping the stone so tightly Trey feared it might break. His eyes were on Venith.
His vassal.
It looked as if Venith’s thin line of soldiers might buckle and break at any moment. They were falling, but the last of Orthenon’s army was breaking away. Trey waited for Venith, searching for him amid the fighting. And then—
“There!”
A man was riding backwards, fending off slashes with a shield, several wounded men around him. He rode at breakneck pace towards the gates, his fresh mount outdistancing his pursuers.
“It’s time.”
Flos turned from the battlements, a huge grin on his face. He leapt down the stairs and Mars was by his side. They ran towards the gates, where an exhausted group of soldiers had collapsed just inside the city.
“Orthenon! Gazi! Maresar! To me!”
Flos shouted and the three ran towards him. Each one looked battered. Trey had never seen Orthenon looking so haggard, and even Gazi looked tired. But as they reached their King, their faces changed.
“It’s time. Form up the rest of the army.”
“Done!”
From his position, Trey could see more soldiers, fresh soldiers, standing at attention. They were ready for battle. But the army approaching Reim was enormous.
“We slew a number of their [Mages]. Most of their [Strategists]—couldn’t reach the artillery.”
Orthenon gasped at Flos as he drank from a flask. Flos nodded.
“They chased you here. That is what matters. They are too close to the city.”
“They’ll be right behind Venith and climbing the walls in seconds. It needs to be now, my King. Gazi—”
“I’ll do it.”
Gazi stumbled towards the stairs. Trey saw her climbing with speed towards him. Flos turned towards the gates and bellowed.
“Lower the gates!”
The portcullis began to drop. Shapes galloped through before it closed. Venith leapt from his saddle and hit the ground hard. He strode towards Flos.
“My King.”
“Venith.”
The man tried to kneel, but Flos seized him before he could. Flos wrapped his arms around Venith and hugged him to his chest. There were tears in Venith’s eyes.
“I do not deserve—”
“Do not speak to me of that! A [King] does not remember such things. You are back, my vassal. And now, let us put an end to this.”
“Yes.”
Venith stepped back lifting his sword and shield. Maresar joined him, and they stood together.
“Yes!”
Mars grinned and raised her sword and shield, shouting, and a thousand voices echoed hers. Orthenon raised his blade.
“For the King of Destruction!”
On the wall, Trey realized he was in danger when the first soldiers began firing at the walls, and more began pounding at the gates. He would have run or ducked, but a hand grabbed him.
“This way!”
Gazi pulled him and Teres towards the watch tower. She sprinted up the steps and the twins raced after her. They couldn’t see the soldiers, but they could hear an incredible din through the echoing tower.
“There are too many! We can’t hold them off!”
“That is not needed. We just had to get them to attack the city rather than stay away and lay siege from a distance.”
“Why?”
