4.05 K
Page 17
They ran. Reim’s gates were in the distance. They were so close. But they were too slow. The enemy caught them at last.
 
—-
 
Afterwards, Trey realized he was standing on the dead [Mage]’s body, a staff in his hands. He was panting. He had a deep, deep cut on one arm—if he looked he could see something like bone. The staff shone in Trey’s grip as he bled on it.
“I think it’s his. But I took it.”
He babbled at Teres when she found him, sword bloody. She stared at his arm and screamed for help.
Flos ran towards them and covered Trey’s arm with his, pinching the flesh together. That hurt and Trey told him so. But then Mars was running over, armor pristine, hair still blowing like an action hero. She didn’t even have a speck of blood on her. Not a bit. Trey found that weird.
“I have a potion. Here.”
She took a small bottle out of…somewhere, and uncorked it. Trey gasped as it was poured over his wound and then he saw the cut on his arm close. He blinked at Mars and then his head cleared a bit.
“Ow.”
“Are you injured anywhere else Trey? Teres?”
“No. I don’t think—no.”
Teres wasn’t injured either. Flos stared around the battlefield. The enemy soldiers were either dead or fled. Their [Commander] might have been among them—it didn’t seem to matter. Their spirits had broken when the [Mage] had been killed, and between Flos and Mars, they had carved up the soldiers.
Now Trey stared at Mars. Mars the Illusionist. The [Vanguard]. The most useless of the King’s Seven when it came to anything but war. But war…she was pretty good at war.
There was not a scratch on her. Not a bit. And no blood, although it was practically matted in Flos’ beard. It was a mystery that Trey was on the verge of solving. And then Flos solved it for him.
“Mars. You have my deepest gratitude.”
“I disobeyed your orders, my King. I wouldn’t have come, but I received a message from a certain son of a certain vassal you might know.”
“No. Venith’s boy?”
“He told me you were in danger. So I rode out against your command. I apologize, my King.”
She bowed to him. Flos laughed softly.
“I am a fool. Were it not for you, I would be dead, I think. And if the city still stands, this will be a victory on all fronts.”
“There were no other enemies nearby, which I found odd. So I took a horse—I left it somewhere so I wouldn’t get it killed.”
Mars was still smiling, looking as beautiful and sounding as nonchalant as ever. But she was surprised when Flos dismounted and came towards her.
“Mars. Enough modesty. You saved my life. I would look on your face now, and speak my thanks to my vassal myself. Your true face.”
She hesitated. Mars lost her usual swagger, and glanced at Trey and Teres.
“In front of them?”
“If you are uncomfortable, they will turn away. But I want to see you, Mars.”
Flos’ voice was gentle. Trey took hold of Teres’ arm, but Mars shook her head.
“No, I—they can—”
She hesitated, and then raised her right hand. She was wearing silver gauntlets, but she twisted at her ring finger. There was nothing there that Trey could see. And then—
The illusion vanished. Mars vanished. The tall, buxom redhead in silver armor vanished. A shorter figure, spattered in blood, grime, and wearing armor that was just grey stood in her place. She had a helmet on her head with the visor down. She wasn’t thin, and her breastplate could have been made for a man or a woman.
