4.05 K
Page 6
Trey had to clutch desperately at the horse to keep from falling off. He heard someone shout his name.
“Trey!”
His sister rode past him, only managing to slow her horse after several more yards. She turned and he saw she’d drawn her sword.
“Don’t—”
He reached for her. Trey couldn’t have said why. He just knew he couldn’t let his sister, Teres, ride into the heart of that battle. She stared at him, and then turned her head.
There was no need for Teres. Flos was enough. He rode at the group of fighting men and women, aimed straight at the attackers on horseback. They too saw him too late.
It was like a red whirlwind. Flos’ sword moved in flashes, each time slicing through skin, bone, and even armor, or crushing the very same. There were two dozen mounted soldiers—Flos rode into them from behind and they began falling from their saddles. In pieces.
Trey saw the blood. He saw people dying, in ways he couldn’t have dreamed of. He saw a man raise a shield and Flos’ blow split his helm and expose his shattered skull.
Trey leaned over and threw up on the ground. That felt appropriate. There wasn’t any glory in this, any excitement.
But there was vengeance. And there was hope, when the fleeing people and those who had tried to fight looked up and saw their King, holding his bloody sword in the air.
“My King!”
The twins couldn’t bring themselves to ride towards the carnage, but Flos rode back towards them. Trey flinched when he saw the blood spattered along his arm and chest. Flos just looked at him and nodded.
“This is my world. See it with your own two eyes.”
Then he turned to the people who were flocking around him. They shouted his name.
“My King!”
“Our King has come to save us!”
“Long live Flos!”
Flos said one word.
“Silence.”
And there was. He turned to one of the few refugees holding a weapon. Trey was surprised to see it was a balding man, hair white and wispy, with a wide hat on his head. He didn’t look like a warrior, but there was blood on the short axe he carried, and none on his body.
“You. Tell me what is happening.”
This man wasn’t weeping. He stared up at Flos with a huge, face-splitting grin. He bowed his head, but spoke clearly.
“My King. I don’t know how many of ‘em are out there, but there’s dozens of these fiends chopping anyone on the road to bits. We were marching when they came out of the blue, like. We tried to fend them off, but they were choppin’ us to bits before you charged into them.”
Flos nodded. His eyes found the other people holding weapons. They were all older men and women, Trey saw. Some were much older. Grandparents. An elderly woman had a shortbow in one hand. But what was surprising was how natural it seemed in her grip.
“There are elite warriors among you. Few, but I see it. I know you, don’t I?”
The man looked startled and then grinned, exposing a few teeth.
“I was an [Axe Guard], a [Sergeant] in your army, my King! I retired after you went into slumber, but I kept my levels and my axe.”
“I remember you. I remember not your name, but your face. You have more levels than these soldiers did. How have these raiders managed to overwhelm you?”
The man bowed his head.
“My King, there is a [Leader] of some kind out there. His Skills are aiding them. Without a commander of our own, we cannot match their tactics! And they outnumber us, us that can fight, that is.”
Flos looked surprised.
“There are no [Strategists] among you? Not a single one?”
There was a shaking of heads. Flos closed his eyes.
“Of course. [Strategists] may find work regardless of age.”
