4.05 K
Page 15
It was one word. A whisper that carried. Flos stared at a hilltop. Trey followed his gaze.
“Mars? But isn’t she—”
“Guarding the city. But if she heard of the battle she would have come.”
“She’d need an army! What about the city?”
“No. She wouldn’t need an army. Look.”
Flos pointed and Trey saw her at last. A figure in shining armor on a hilltop, red hair blowing in the wind.
“She came alone.”
It was like a dream. There stood Mars, her silver armor buffed, her hair caught by the setting sun. But this was also reality, and Trey’s blood ran cold.
“She’s alone?”
She couldn’t be. No one could be that stupid. But Mars raised her sword and took the shield from her back, and Trey saw she was indeed alone. And now the enemy had seen her too.
A cry went up as the [Mage] lowered his stone shield, preparing to cast a spell. He had a staff in his hands now, and the orb at the top shone with a bright light. He turned his head with a look of irritation and went still when he saw the figure on the hill.
“My loyal Mars. Yes.”
“What is she doing? She’s not even wearing a helmet!”
Teres fought her way over to Flos, pale with fear. Flos laughed.
“She has a helmet.”
But she wasn’t wearing one. Trey watched as Mars raised her sword to point at the [Mage], standing in the center of the ranks of soldiers. She struck her shield with her blade, and then Flos raised his voice.
“One of my Seven is here!”
Many hadn’t seen her. Trey heard shouts and exclamations as heads turned up, and people spotted Mars. Flos shouted over the cheers.
“Who is my [Vanguard]? Who strikes fear into the hearts of my foes?”
He rode down the line of people, and they shouted.
“Mars!”
“Who is my champion?”
“Mars!”
They screamed her name. The enemy was turning, forming into ranks to face the [Vanguard], the lone member of the King’s Seven. They were treating her like an army herself. But Trey looked at Mars’ bare head. He saw the [Mage] raising his staff.
And he feared what would happen next.
It started slowly. Mars began racing down the hilltop. She was a distant figure, armor flashing silver as she ran. Her shield was raised, her sword held at her side. She looked like a surging wall of metal.
A group of cavalry rode to meet her. Each warrior had a lance. They thundered at Mars as she hit flat ground, aiming their lances at her heart.
Trey cried out as they met her. The lances struck Mars’ shield. Four lancers struck her with all the weight of a horse behind them. And Mars—
Stopped.
She didn’t move. The lances broke and two of the riders were thrown from their saddles by the impact. The other two galloped past Mars, riders knocked back by the force of the blow. Mars raised her sword and stabbed the two fallen warriors almost perfunctorily. Then she ran on.
“Impossible.”
Teres breathed the words. The soldiers were just as stunned. Then the archers began to loose arrows. They rained down on Mars but she didn’t bother to lift her shield. They struck her armor, breaking and bouncing off the shining metal. And they struck her head.
And those arrows broke too. Trey’s jaw fell open as Mars ran on. He saw an arrow strike her in the eye and shatter as if it had hit steel.
“Prepare to charge.”
Flos’ voice broke him out of the moment. He was staring at Mars, and someone else.
The [Mage]. The [Geomancer] watched Mars racing towards him, eyes narrowed. She struck the first line of soldiers with a clash that Trey heard even from a distance. Mars’ shield swung like a mace, edge striking a man’s face and caving it in. Her sword flashed, and two warriors stumbled back, falling. But she didn’t stop.
