4.05 K
Page 18
And then she took off her helmet and Trey saw a woman’s face. It wasn’t hideous—it was a bit plain, that was all. Mars had pale skin from lack of sunlight, and a few faint freckles. Her hair was brown. And her nose was a bit snubbed. She was sweating heavily. She looked down at the ground, rather than meet anyone’s eye.
And Flos bent and kissed Mars on the forehead. She went still. Her eyes were wide. And Flos kissed her again.
“My [Vanguard]. My beautiful vassal.”
That was all. Flos stared into Mars’ eyes and she looked up at him with tears in hers. By the time Tengrip came over, his broken hand splinted and the people began cheering, Mars was standing next to Flos with her illusion back in place, laughing loudly and waving to the people who cheered for her.
But for a second Trey had seen the truth. And it changed everything. He’d seen the ring she twisted to change her appearance, and remembered the broach she’d given Flos. Mars was no good at magic. But she had a lot of magic on her.
Mars the Illusionist. And Flos turned towards her, looking at his vassal with pride that had nothing to do with looks. He held out a hand towards her and she grasped it.
“Come, Mars. You too, Trey, Teres. This was only one battle. It’s time to win another.”
 
—-
 
They caught Orthenon’s army four miles from their destination. Venith saw the struggling lines of soldiers, trying to fight and run before the rest of the army caught up. They were on the verge of being overrun.
“Mother’s there.”
By his side, Calac was staring in horror at the endless sea of soldiers. He had probably never seen so many people in his life, and they were all the enemy. But Venith could close his eyes and remember greater armies. But his eyes were open now.
“It’s a trap. Not for Orthenon and the others. That army’s in the middle of his trap.”
“How? There are so many—”
Venith glanced at the city of Reim in the distance, the sixteen towers piercing the sky.
“I know what they’re doing. Stay back, Calac. Take the foot and archers to your mother.”
“But—”
“No arguments. You won’t die today. This—is my duty.”
Venith rode forwards. His retainers, his sworn friends and companions from another war, rode with him, shouting. They were a handful, but it was enough. Venith found his heart was beating harder, harder than it had beat for many years.
The soldiers had noticed him now. Venith saw a four-eyed stare, a gaunt man turning his head in disbelief, and a woman on horseback, more beautiful than one of Mars’ lies, staring at him. It was the only thing Venith had ever wanted to see. That, and one more face.
He raised his sword and shouted.
“In the name of the King of Destruction! Charge!”
His soldiers raced with him, cheering and broke upon the startled enemy. Venith rode into them, deep, cutting, slashing, blocking every strike with his shield. He heard a wild sound and realized it was coming from him.
He was laughing.
 
—-
 
Flos and the small army of refugees reached the city. The King and Mars raced towards the northeastern gate. They saw the army fighting in the distance, and the soldiers running for the city with the last of their energy.
“Venith!”
The King cried out when he saw the man locked in combat, holding the enemy back. Gazi and Orthenon were riding back towards him, but it was Venith’s wife who turned first.
Maresar nocked one arrow and loosed it. She had a second arrow at the string in an instant. She loosed.
