4.05 K
Page 7
He turned, looked about the steep inclines. There were hills, rising out of the ground, obscuring vision. Flos’ eyes narrowed.
“More of my subjects are trapped in these passes. I must find them. Those of you with arms who can fight on horseback—mount up! You will ride with me! The rest of you—hold this position.”
He looked down at the retired [Axe Guard], the old man.
“Tengrip? Is that your name?”
“My King. You remember.”
Flos smiled. He reached down from his horse and Tengrip caught his hand. Flos turned and pointed at the twins.
“These two are my sworn followers. Trey and Teres. Guard them with your life. They can tell you what passes. Hold this spot, Tengrip. I will return shortly.”
He turned. The attacker’s horses had scattered, but someone in the crowd raised their fingers to their mouth and uttered a piercing whistle. The horses immediately turned and raced towards him.
Men and women followed Flos. Some paused to grasp weapons and even armor from the fallen; the rest mounted up. It was old men, pot-bellied adults, mothers and grandmothers who raced with Flos away from them.
Trey stared. Then he heard Tengrip’s voice.
“You heard the King! Grab weapons! Grab stones if you need to and form up! Children in the back—you lot with classes, front!”
People rushed to do as he said. Trey jolted when Tengrip turned towards him. The old man peered at Trey.
“You there, lad. Trey, was it? Do you have any classes in fighting?”
“N-no. Not really. I can use a sword. Sort of.”
“Best you’d give that horse to someone who can use it, then. Here! Reddy!”
He called out to another old man, and Trey found himself getting off the horse and letting an elderly man who looked like he was all skin and bones mount up. He only had a staff in his hands, but he looked more at ease sitting in the saddle of Trey’s horse than he had standing.
“You, girl. Give your horse up.”
Teres stared at Tengrip, but let herself be persuaded to give up her mount as well. The twins stood standing with hearts racing as the people around them rushed about, arming themselves, helping the wounded—or mourning the dead.
“This your first battle, boy?”
Tengrip’s hand startled Trey as he stared at the dead bodies. The boy turned to him. Tengrip made Trey face him.
“Looks like it. Blue as an unripe Yellat, aren’t you? Well just look at me. Breathe. You said you can use that sword?”
“Yes.”
“Draw it.”
Tengrip watched as Trey unsteadily unsheathed his sword. He made Trey swing a few times for him, and nodded. By the time that was done, Trey had forgotten about the bodies. Or rather, he’d begun to focus on more pressing issues.
“The King is awake! And he’s riding to save us, alone no less! Why ain’t Orthenon with him, or Lady Mars? Or Lady Gazi? I heard they were all at the capital!”
Tengrip was interrogating Teres. She was trying to explain about the army, and how Mars had to stay at Reim and Orthenon and Gazi were leading an army against one ten times their size.
“Can’t worry about that! Can’t worry—soon as the King hunts down the rest of the raiders we’ll be at the city! There’s thousands of us headed towards Reim—enough to hold the walls. You’ll see. The King’s back. He even remembered me! Tengrip!”
“That’s not your name, is it?”
Trey felt it was a silly question as he stared at the bloody axe Tengrip still hadn’t bothered to wipe. The [Sergeant] grinned at him.
“‘Swhat the fellows in the army called me. And if the King says it’s my name, well, it’s better than my old one!”
Then he turned to shout at the people milling about.
