4.05 K
Page 20
Trey shouted. He caught up to Gazi at the top of the tower. The half-Gazer was panting, but her four eyes were steady. She grinned and then pointed.
“Accuracy.”
There was something on the walls of the tower. Some kind of…drawing. Trey squinted, and then he saw, partially obscured by dust and filth, a symbol.
No…was it a rune? It was some kind of diagram, a circle, only each line was in fact made of smaller lines, writing that hurt just to look at. It wasn’t proper words. It was shapes. Meaning made into written word.
Magic.
Gazi slowly walked over and pressed her hand to the center of the diagram. Slowly, the runes lit up. They glowed faintly at first, and then began to shine. Yellow, the color of the sun, and then brighter still. They became searing white lines, tinged with gold. Like—
Lightning.
 
—-
 
Uleth snarled as he screamed for ladders, battering rams, anything to break open the damned walls of Reim. The city’s wall were short, the defenders less than ten thousand in number. He would kill them all now—they had nowhere to run!
“Set up the damn trebuchets!”
He shouted at one of his remaining aides, a low-level [Tactician], before remembering he’d left all of his artillery behind in the chase. Even his foot soldiers were barely catching up, winded and exhausted from the run as they were. If they’d had [Strategists], they could have used Skills to reduce the effort of the chase, move faster. Damn Orthenon!
Lacking siege weapons, Uleth spurred his exhausted mount to one of his [Mages].
“I want you to blow down the gates! Now!”
“We’ll try, but it will take—”
“Do it!”
The [Mage] turned to the others, still panting from their ride and they began to link hands in preparation for the spell. Then one of them turned pale and pointed up.
“Someone on the castle walls is casting a massive spell!”
“What?”
“There! On the tower!”
Uleth spun. He couldn’t see any signs of magical activity—he could barely make out the top of the tower amid the gathering storm clouds. Where had his cursed clear skies gone? It wouldn’t save the King of Destruction though, nothing would.
“Kill the [Mage], then! Bring down that tower!”
Someone threw a [Fireball]. It burst harmlessly on the wall, as did the arrows of magic which failed to even damage the stones they struck.
“The towers are heavily enchanted! And the mage—it’s a Tier 6 spell! At least!”
Uleth felt fear worm its way into his stomach. He stared at the tower.
“Impossible. There are no powerful mages present. Amerys is at Wistram. She has to be!”
“No! It’s not one person. It’s—the towers!”
Another mage cried out, and now Uleth could see signs of magic. Each one of the sixteen towers of Reim was glowing now, and light was shining from the tips. No—not light.
Lightning.
Electricity was crackling around the tower’s tips. As Uleth watched in horror, it began to shoot out, flickering, reaching out. Not down towards the ground, but towards the center of the city. Towards the palace.
 
—-
 
Gazi stood with one hand on the magical sigil, tracing complex patterns on it. It wasn’t just a circle, Trey now realized. It was a map of the city, formed by the runic writing.
And now he could see the magic working. Trey glanced out the window as lightning flashed.
“W-what’s happening?”
“A spell.”
