4.05 K
Page 10
The earth split. Stone walls rose in front of Flos, knocking aside the [Mage]’s own soldiers, forming a wall between him and Flos. The King swerved, cutting left into the army. Stone shards exploded from the [Mage]’s grip, cutting through the air. The [King] swung his sword and cut several from the air.
A woman riding behind him fell, a spike sticking out of her stomach. Then the soldiers were clashing with Tengrip’s warriors, and Trey saw the old man’s axe biting. The ground was red with blood already and screams filled the air. The smell of fear and sweat was in Trey’s grip, and the smell of iron too.
The battle had begun.
 
—-
 
They were losing the battle. But then, Maresar knew that was the point.
Mounted, loosing arrows into the fog with her group of archers, Maresar turned when she saw the figure appearing out of the fog. She had an arrow ready, but relaxed it when she saw Gazi.
“You’re wounded.”
The half-Gazer staggered towards Maresar, and the woman saw the black smoke rising from Gazi’s armor before she felt the heat. Gazi gasped.
“[Mage]. Got me. Hit me with a [Flare Orb].”
Her armor wasn’t brown anymore. It was black with soot in places, but red blood had painted it liberally as well. Gazi’s two-handed sword was also crimson and dripping. Maresar’s hands moved and she kept loosing arrows as she spoke.
“How long?”
“Two minutes. Orthenon needs more time.”
“He needs to retreat. Tell me where.”
Gazi was still panting, but Maresar saw two of her eyes turn, roving the clouded battlefield. She pointed.
“There. She’s mounted—aim up.”
“This high?”
Maresar aimed, calculating for the arc of her arrow, and loosed in an instant. Gazi waited a heartbeat and then shook her head.
“No. To the left two feet and down half a foot. That’s their head.”
“Fine.”
Maresar loosed a second arrow. Gazi nodded.
“Down. Straight through the chest. Next—over here. They’ve got a barrier spell up.”
“So what am I supposed to do? I don’t have any enchanted arrows.”
“Hit the horse.”
Gazi’s rasped commands let Maresar target three more mages in the mist. She killed one more, and only distracted two, but it was enough. The fog persisted a few more minutes as the [Mages] were forced to scramble for cover rather than focus on dispelling the enchantment.
That done, Maresar turned back to firing into the mist. She couldn’t see anything, even with her Skills, but she didn’t have to look. There were so many soldiers all she had to do was loose arrows and she’d hit someone.
“How are we doing?”
“We’re being cut up. We can’t hold much longer.”
Gazi was staring at the place in the fog she’d come from. The place where she’d gone with Orthenon, leading them straight to the center of the army.
It was a tactic that required the fog arrows to occupy the army. It could only work on a coalition army, too. The soldiers didn’t recognize each other, and some were too afraid to enter the fighting for fear they’d attack each other. Some did, and began killing their allies. But it was all to get to the enemy command, Maresar knew.
They’d charged the entire army in, save for the archers led by Maresar. A wedge had been driven into the enemy army, a spear aimed straight at the center. But it was a thin, brittle spear. Maresar knew the lines of soldiers were collapsing, struggling to fight an enemy on both sides that vastly outnumbered them.
“I’m going back in.”
Gazi gripped her sword, coughing. Maresar kicked her mount and blocked the Gazer’s way.
“Not a chance. You’re too weak without your main eye.”
“Orthenon needs help.”
