4.06 KM
Page 16
“Before you leave, [Lords] and [Ladies] of Izril, let me put another important matter forwards.”
Heads turned apprehensively towards Magnolia. She looked around the room, watching the Minotaur out of the corner of her eye.
“Have you all forgotten that there is a Goblin Lord raising an army just south of the High Passes?”
Silence. Then someone spoke.
“We are aware, but that is a Drake issue, isn’t it? With all respect Lady Reinhart, I had heard the Drakes were taking care of the issue.”
“Oh? Are you so certain they will defeat the Goblin Lord?”
Magnolia’s tone was icy. The Minotaur wasn’t changing his expression at all. She cursed inwardly.
“They’ve sent two armies to fight him. Together they should crush a Goblin Lord.”
“And if he escapes? A Goblin Lord is one step away from a Goblin King. And I have heard different rumors as well. Or has no one else heard of a troubling tale? That of a so-called Goblin  Great Chieftain? One who fought with the last Goblin King in the war?”
The Minotaur twitched ever so slightly at the mention of the Goblin Chieftain. Around the room Magnolia could hear some people gasping who hadn’t heard the rumor.
“A Great Chieftain? Is that a class?”
“With the last Goblin King? Why would we have not heard of a Goblin like that?”
“To support the Goblin Lord? If that’s the case—”
“Are you suggesting we send an army ourselves to deal with the Goblin Lord, Lady Reinhart?”
That last question came at Magnolia. She broke away from eyeing the Minotaur who’d gone back to impassively watching to smile at the speaker.
“That is the question, isn’t it? Do we send an army? The Great Chieftain is on our lands. I believe he must be eradicated no matter what, and I am sure you are all in agreement. As for the Goblin Lord—”
“Let the Drakes deal with him.”
Someone cut in. Only one person would dare. Magnolia turned to Tyrion, but he returned her gaze without blinking. He spoke confidently as all eyes turned towards him.
“Even if the Goblin Lord destroys both Drake armies, let him go. Unless he comes north—and if he does, he will most likely destroy Liscor—we will benefit.”
Outraged voices rose.
“Destroy Liscor? If he heads north, our southernmost cities will all fall as well! Esthelm was already destroyed! Are you suggesting we let that happen to every city in the area?”
Tyrion’s voice was calm.
“Esthelm did fall, but the people have retaken the city. They fought off another of the Goblin Lord’s armies.”
“What?”
Shock echoed through the room at this. Magnolia ground her teeth together. Tyrion would know about Esthelm. She knew what he was doing but she couldn’t stop it. The man continued calmly.
“Our cities can defend themselves. They knew the risks of being closer to the border. If the Goblin Lord comes north, we will muster an army to defeat them. And if he does come north, he will have done more damage to the Drakes than we. And that is all to the better, once war comes.”
“We do not need war with the Drakes! We need allies, not more enemies!”
Magnolia snapped into her speaking stone, but the mood was against her. People were in favor of leaving the Goblin Lord alone, especially if it meant trouble for their southern neighbors. Tyrion abandoned the conversation, job done. Magnolia tore the gemstone off her dress and stormed towards him.
“You are an idiot, Tyrion Veltras.”
“And you don’t see the danger the Drakes pose, Reinhart.”
His voice was cold as he spoke to her. Tyrion eyed Ressa and the [Maid] gave him her coldest stare which didn’t faze him an inch. Magnolia took a deep breath and tried not to kick the man.
