4.06 KM
Page 18
The dead woman’s head was white, drained of blood. Her features were contorted in horror, but it was her face. Magnolia would have known it anywhere. She had been a friend of Magnolia’s.
And now she was dead.
Tyrion stared at Magnolia.
“Is the [Assassin] another one of your plots, Reinhart?”
“No, some enemies of mine seem to want to kill me. And my friends too, it seems.”
Magnolia spoke automatically, while one phrase flashed through her mind again and again.
The Circle of Thorns.
Tyrion shrugged.
“This is no business of mine.”
He turned, and handed the head to a [Lord] who nearly dropped it. Tyrion strode out of the room as Thomast bent to wipe his blade on the dead assassin’s clothing. A capable killer he might have been, but Magnolia knew there were few who could match someone of the [Duelist] class in a one-on-one bout.
In the end, Ressa returned empty-handed. The head disappeared, and the room was filled with shock and fear. Magnolia ignored the eyes turned towards her and the whispers, and found Lady Bethal with her husband.
“Lady Bethal. Thomast. Thank you for disposing of the killer.”
The man’s eyes were shadowed as he bowed.
“It was my honor and duty. But I regret Lady Patricia’s death.”
“Yes. And she had no husband. So there is another matter which must be dealt with now.”
Magnolia turned and Ressa pointed her silently towards a group of girls, one of whom was weeping uncontrollably. Patricia’s sole daughter, Eliasor, tried to curtsy when Magnolia approached her, but the woman waved that away.
“No formalities now. Eliasor, I am sorry that your mother was killed in such a heinous way. But now that she is gone, there is something that must be done.”
She touched the gemstone Ressa handed her and spoke into it loudly, cutting above every other voice in the room.
“Ladies and lords! Lady Patricia’s life was cut untimely short! However, her daughter, Lady Eliasor still lives. She is now the head of the Melissar family. I bid you all welcome her as a peer!”
There was a pause, and then by her side, Lady Bethal cutsied to Eliasor. The girl stared at her, wide-eyed, and then at Lady Magnolia as she did the same. Around the room, the [Lords] and [Ladies] remembered their duty and bowed or curtsied, acknowledging Eliasor.
It was a painful sight, to see the girl try to respond as tears still ran down her face. Magnolia spoke to her more quietly.
“I know this is hardly the time to think of such things, but you are your family’s sole heir now, Eliasor. If you wish it, I will send my own guards and [Maids] to assist you in the weeks to come.”
The girl opened her mouth, choked, and kept crying. Magnolia paused.
“I fear your mother’s death was my fault. Lady Patricia was one of my confidants, a trusted friend. She had a place in my circle, and I hope that one day I may offer you the same. But I swear to you, Eliasor, I will find the people who ordered your mother’s death. And I will kill them all regardless of where they hide. You have my word on that.”
“Thank you—Lady Reinhart.”
Magnolia nodded down at Eliasor. She hesitated, and then walked away.
“Lady Bethal, Lady Pryde, Lady Wuvren, Lady Zanthia, to me.”
They came out of the crowd, people parting to let them pass. Magnolia looked at some of the foremost [Ladies] of Izril, and nodded towards the doors.
“Let us leave Eliasor to her grief. We must talk.”
They strode out of the room, people parting to let them pass. Magnolia’s face was carefully blank, and she kept the emotions tightly held in her chest.
