4.06 KM
Page 14
“That was what was said last time. If you’re foolish enough to believe he won’t succeed—”
“He slew one ruler. Not a [Queen]! It was the Quarass of Germina, hardly royalty.”
“What’s a Quarass?”
Magnolia opened her mouth to respond, but Lady Bethal by her side spoke into her stone first.
“The Quarass is as important as a [Queen]! She is a tribal leader—”
“A [Chieftain] is hardly comparable to a [Queen].”
Bethal’s voice could have cut iron.
“The Quarass is a position revered and acknowledged across Chandrar, Lord Luden. She, along with five other leaders of the tribes are considered part of the Shelter Kingdoms, which hold sway over a great deal of eastern Chandrar, if only politically. Once upon a time, the Quarass and the other Shelter Kingdoms were each powerful empires, capable of challenging Dragons. Her death will cause ripples throughout the entire continent!”
“Well spoken.”
Magnolia murmured to Bethal as the conversation lulled for a bit and Lord Luden flushed red. Bethal smiled at Magnolia and whispered back. She didn’t have a finger on her stone so her words weren’t carried to the others
“I do pay attention to women I admire.”
At that Magnolia had to cough so her eye roll wouldn’t be noticed. As far as she understood, the Quarass was not a woman to be admired, at least, not by anyone who thought honor and decency were more than words.
The argument began heating up. It was always like this, and Magnolia listened with one ear as she watched the [Lords] and [Ladies] who’d come to the gathering argue about what was to be done about the King of Destruction.
“We could send gold to a nation—”
“Gold hardly buys arms and soldiers. A small nation can only do so much.”
“What about the Emperor of the Sands?”
“What about him?”
“He’s at war with the King of Destruction.”
“If he is, it will be a long time before they meet. And if he triumphs, I hardly imagine an [Emperor] would be an improvement over the King of Destruction.”
“I am saying we must act in some way.”
“Are you proposing to send an army across the sea?”
“Utter foolishness!”
“I am proposing we act in some measure, even if it is to condemn the King of Destruction—”
“A signed treatise? What use would that be?”
“A united front—”
“—won’t be part of any declaration—”
“—funding a mercenary company from Baleros—”
“—see what Wistram has to say—”
“May I offer a course of action?”
The voice that interrupted was  deep, low, and booming. He silenced every other speaker. And Magnolia’s head turned. She turned, searching the crowd and saw the speaker standing by a pillar, alone. She hadn’t seen him before, but upon hearing his slightly nasal, deep, deep voice she knew who—and what—had to be speaking.
Quite carefully she turned and hissed to her [Maid].
“Ressa, why didn’t you mention the Minotaur to me?”
The woman shrugged.
“I assumed you’d spotted him.”
“I would have eventually, but it helps when you point such important people out!”
The Minotaur was speaking now. He was dressed in a suit tailored for a Minotaur, emphasizing his physique and biceps. Magnolia eyed it—not in appreciation as Bethal was doing—but thoughtfully. Here was a Minotaur who had been financed to attend such events. Odd.
“I hesitate to interrupt, but I have been sent by my [King] to address this auspicious gathering. My role is as an emissary. The House of Minos is prepared to go to war against the King of Destruction, that he might never threaten the world as he did in the past.”
Gasps rang out across the room. Magnolia’s brows shot together as a low murmur sprang up throughout the room.
“If that’s the case—”
