4.06 KM
Page 12
“Exactly what I said. That was a sincere comment from the heart.”
He paused, and she could see him visibly readjust, grow calmer. He bowed his head slightly.
“Then I shall take it as such. My apologies.”
A [Lord] does not question a [Lady]’s word. Magnolia sighed out loud.
“You really haven’t changed. As pleasant as this is Tyrion, I think I shall go walk barefoot on glass shards for a more delightful change of pace.”
“Until we next meet, Reinhart.”
They left it at that. Magnolia walked back and Ressa met her in moments.
“That was fun.”
“It will become even more enjoyable in a second.”
“Oh, what now?”
“Left.”
Ressa’s warning came a moment before another person swept towards Magnolia. A lady and a man, both dressed in bright clothing, came striding towards Magnolia. Both she recognized, and it was with a smile that Magnolia greeted them. A smile the lady did not return.
“Bethal! How wonderful it is to see you!”
“Magnolia.”
The [Lady] gave her the most perfunctory of curtsies and the man bowed to her slightly. Magnolia kept smiling, but she noticed the expression on the other woman’s face. It was not happy.
“You seem upset, Lady Bethal. May I ask why?”
The woman replied curtly.
“I do not know. Perhaps you could explain the hooded figure that my guards found in my gardens two days ago. They gave chase and slew the intruder when they fought back. An [Assassin], as it turned out. Did you have anything to do with this, Magnolia?”
There was a feeling in the air that grew strong as Bethal spoke. Not just a feeling. An aura that surrounded the woman. The word for it was spiky. It was as if invisible edged blades filled the air—it wasn’t just a feeling either. People around the two ladies began moving away at speed, but Magnolia simply smiled.
“Lady Bethal, if I sent an [Assassin] after you, would I be so foolish as to send one? You and I have not quarreled and I do believe we are friends. That [Assassin] was not mine, believe me. In fact, I am quite grateful you killed him. Or her. Or it?”
The [Lady] studied Magnolia’s face.
“Her. She was a human.”
“I am pleased you came to no harm. And I trust neither did your guards?”
Bethal hesitated. The dangerous aura around her faded. She smiled at Magnolia and laughed lightly. It was as if her fury of a second ago had never been there, and the effect was disconcerting if you had never met Lady Bethal before.
“Of course not! How silly of me. Here I was worked up about the issue, while my dear husband assured me you would never have anything to do with that!”
“Not for all the gold in Baleros.”
“Then let me say how wonderful it is to see you!”
The two traded light kisses on the cheek, Bethal exclaiming over Magnolia’s dress. The woman turned to the man standing beside her.
“And of course you know my husband.”
“[Chevalier] Thomast. Of course! How are you, Sir Thomast?”
“Very well, my lady Reinhart.”
The elegant man in the doublet bowed and kissed Magnolia’s proffered hand. She smiled at him and then turned back to Lady Bethal.
“Have you seen Patricia? I should welcome her before the arguing starts.”
Bethal shook her head, pursing her lips.
“I have not seen her. But her daughter is over there.”
She pointed. Magnolia turned and saw a young girl laughing demurely with some other girls her age while they eyed the dancers in the center of the room. Magnolia smiled as her eyes fell on one with flowing brown hair.
“Ah, young Eliasor. She must be eight now.”
“Nine.”
Ressa murmured as she and Thomast nodded to each other. Magnolia sighed.
