4.06 KM
Page 8
“Perhaps. We shall see.”
They waited a bit longer, as the streets cleared below, and the sun set quickly in a winter sky. It was a pretty world, for all that it was harsh. Trey exhaled and watched his breath spiral up into the sky. Then he asked the question he’d feared the answer to.
“Gazi? What is Flos going to do now?”
She was silent for a very long time, as shadows lengthened on the balcony.
“He will go to war, of course. It is time. The army is ready. With the Serpent Hunters and Parasol Stroll—”
“Who?”
Gazi smiled.
“The [Mages] and the [Warriors] you just saw entering the city. I recognized their companies. They are mercenaries now, but they served my King before.”
“I get that, but why Parasol Stroll? That’s their name? Why?”
The half-Gazer shrugged.
“Mages and names seldom make sense. However, in this case each mage in the band has a parasol—a thing to keep the sun away.”
“I know what that is. But why do they have one?”
“Fashion. And each one is enchanted in some way. They were powerful mages; each one above Level 20 at the very least. With their companies, my King will no doubt begin waging war.”
Trey’s heart skipped a beat. He paused.
“On who?”
“Those who made war against him.”
Six nations, then. Trey gulped. He remembered the smell of battle, the visions of death. He never wanted to see that again. But he felt he would. Over and over.
“Who’ll be first?”
“His fury is directed foremost towards the kingdom of Hellios and the people of Germina—especially at their leader, the Quarass. When we ride to war, and it will be in days, it will be against her, I think.”
Trey shuddered. His voice was very small and quiet. He felt something squeezing the words out of his chest. He wanted to cry, but it wouldn’t help.
“I don’t want to be here, Gazi.”
She looked at him with a bit of sympathy.
“I know. But you are here. And so you must follow my King. But remember this. You are not alone.”
And she held out a hand, and Trey took it. And the next day Flos did declare war, and Trey found himself marching with the King of Destruction. To the first war on Chandrar. And the news woke up a continent, and the world.
That was six weeks ago.
 
—-
 
Now.
The coach that drove quickly towards the estate of the Melissar house was noted from a distance, and the gates were already open and servants were rushing out by the time it pulled up in front of the large manor where other coaches, carriages, and other modes of transportation were parked.
Perhaps a lesser [Lord] or [Lady] or some of the more well-respected and higher-level [Knights] and [Guildmasters] and so on would have had to identify themselves to the guards at the gates. But not so for the occupants of this carriage. The owner was identifiable at a glance, mainly because of the striking appearance of the magical carriage, not to mention the carriage itself.
It was pink. The horseless carriage, or rather, the carriage pulled by ghostly horses that used mana to travel at extreme speed, was painted painfully, eye-searingly, frightfully pink. It was said that [Bandits] and other criminals couldn’t bear to attack the carriage because of the color.
Which was a shame, because Magnolia Reinhart had standing orders with all of her carriage drivers to run over any [Bandits] they encountered on the road. Several hundred pounds of enchanted wood and metal approaching at speed tended to reduce crime in a drastic and often spectacular fashion.
