4.06 KM
Page 1
Trey scowled and gripped the railing tightly. He wasn’t happy. And he didn’t want to be in the banquet hall, sitting at the tables—the ones far from the high table—and have to listen to Flos laugh. He didn’t want to see the King of Destruction’s face right now. Or anyone’s. Right now, Trey hated this entire kingdom.
They were all slave traders.
Trey couldn’t believe it when he’d found out. Flos had slaves. To be more accurate, he sold people as slaves. He’d struck a deal with the Traders of Roshal to sell all the prisoners he’d taken captive in the battle for Reim. Some had been ransomed off, but the rest…
Slaves. Trey couldn’t believe it. He couldn’t believe Orthenon, or Venith, who had seemed so honorable, would allow people to be slaves! But no one had understood his outrage. And worse…
Trey closed his eyes. It had been over a month since that day when he’d realized the entire continent of Chandrar actively owned or allowed slaves. If some kingdoms like Flos’ were too poor to have many slaves, most nations had a good deal of slaves. People, held in captivity. And it had been a month since he and his sister had stopped talking, after they’d fought bitterly about that very issue.
That hurt worst of all. That was why Trey was alone, had been alone, for so long. Because he had fought with his sister. Because Teres wasn’t willing to condemn Flos for dealing with slave traders. Because she was just as bad as the rest of them.
It had been a terrible fight. It hurt Trey now. He’d had fights with his sister before. That was normal. But fights were supposed to end after a while. There might be tears, or hitting, but in the end, after days, or maybe a week at most, you’d make up. Trey and Teres were twins. Being apart was too difficult.
But this fight was different. It had been bitter and harsh, and the scars weren’t healing. Trey could remember every word he’d said when he was alone.
 
—-
 
“You think it’s alright?”
Trey screamed at Teres and threw a chair. Not at her, but a wall. His voice was hoarse; he’d been screaming for a long time. So had she, but she screamed right back.
“You’re not seeing the bigger picture!”
“Fuck your bigger picture!”
Trey looked for something else to hurl, but he’d already broken everything else in the room. He turned to Teres, face red.
“He’s keeping slaves, Teres! Slaves! ”
“He’s not keeping them! Idiot! He’s just selling them!”
“Oh, just selling them, is it?”
“You heard him! He’s doing it for his people! Without the money from those merchants—”
“They’re not merchants. They’re slave traders!”
“Shut up!”
Teres was red with anger. She’d tried to ‘explain’ Flos’ reasoning to Trey several times before and he wasn’t willing to listen. She took a shuddering breath.
“Flos has to protect his people—”
“By selling other people, is that it?”
“He’s got to keep people fed! You heard Orthenon—we need the coin or we won’t last the winter!”
“So that makes slave trading alright then, is that it? Oh wow, I guess if I’m hungry I should see if I can sell some folks off for a bit of cash!”
“It’s the way things are done here! You don’t have to like it—I don’t like it! But we have to change Flos’ mind, not tell him no—”
“Bugger that! You think we should just let it go? You’re mad!”
“I’ve talked with Flos and he’s listening to me. You’re just making him put his back up every time you start shouting—”
“No!”
Trey was shaking with anger. He felt betrayed. He pointed a shaking finger at Teres.
