4.06 KM
Page 13
“Ah, to be that young. I won’t go over and scare her, Ressa. Perhaps you can go and ask a servant where Patricia—”
She broke off. Someone was speaking. In fact, every head in the room turned and almost all of the conversations ended at once. Because the person who was speaking could be heard by everyone who wore a jeweled broach, as if they were standing right next to the speaker.
“The King of Destruction has returned. Are we supposed to simply pretend this isn’t an issue and chat idly? Let us discuss this crisis already!”
Magnolia looked for the man who’d spoken. She recognized one of the more aggressive [Lords], a proper war hawk, who’d grown impatient waiting. Many people were frowning at him, but his standing probably hadn’t been damaged by speaking the thoughts on everyone’s mind.
By custom, the absent hostess should have initiated the debate. But once it had begun, voices began speaking. Usually it was only one or two voices at once, but the conversation en masse could become an indecipherable hubbub as well. It was to this Magnolia listened, letting the first speakers make their points and reserving her words for when they mattered.
“If you must bring the subject up, Lord Relt, then begin with the facts. Has the King of Destruction returned?”
“Every report say so. Unless you have no spies in that region?”
“My informants claim he was awake months ago.”
“If it’s a game of guessing when he awoke, I won’t bother. But this is the first moment in which he’s taken action similar to the past.”
Someone spoke up sharply. Magnolia saw Lady Wuvren snap the handheld fan she carried. The crack made all the listeners wince.
“He destroyed a nation and beheaded its [Queen]! The Quarass of Germina is dead and the capital lies in ruins! And the King of Destruction is already marching on Hellios! What are we to think, if not that the King of Destruction is destroying nations again?”
Silence. Someone coughed and then spoke.
“It was a war of retaliation.”
Wuvren rounded on the speaker.
“A war? It was a massacre! He destroyed the enemy army in a pitched battle in a single day!”
“After six nations sent an army after him.”
“Yes. If that doesn’t confirm the King of Destruction has returned, I imagine few things will.”
“So then, your point?”
“The question was whether the King of Destruction has returned. I would say he most emphatically has, and he hasn’t changed.”
Relt spoke into his stone, overriding the next speaker. Magnolia winced and wished there were a way to lower the volume the enchantment produced.
“No, he has not. And he must be stopped now, or he will once again destroy nation after nation and threaten our shores.”
“Surely not!”
This speaker was another [Lord]. He was a minor one, but he held his ground as Relt glared at him.
“You don’t fear the King of Destruction, Lord Halast?”
“I don’t fear a man on another continent, surrounded by nations which have every reason to want him dead.”
“Those are the same thoughts that let him engulf all of Chandrar last time!”
Halast spoke curtly.
“Last time we didn’t know what he was capable of. Now everyone knows the danger posed by the King of Destruction. The nations will unite, and defeat him. He doesn’t have his armies any longer, and as far as I know, only a few of his vassals have rejoined him.”
“He has his Seven—”
“Five now. And I’m told that Amerys is still residing in Wistram.”
“She hasn’t joined him?”
“Or perhaps the [Mages] have convinced her to stay. Either way, the King of Destruction is not as dangerous as he was.”
