4.07
Page 13
“Come on, just a poke—”
Erin advanced with the knife. The Drake backed away.
“No, no. I’m not going to be cut. Sorry, but find someone else.”
He turned, much to the crowd’s vocal disappointment. The Drake began walking back towards his friends, shaking his head as they motioned him to go back. Erin stared at his back for a moment. Then she sidled over to him. Erin raised the kitchen knife—
And she stabbed him in the back.
“Aaargh!”
He fell to the ground and rolled around. Selys’ friends put their claws over their mouths and Selys covered her eyes, but she could still hear the adventurer screaming.
“She stabbed me! That crazy Human stabbed me!”
He shouted at the crowd as he thrashed about.
“Quick! Call the Watch! Get a [Healer]! I’m going to die! I’m going—”
The adventurer was feeling at his back, for the spot where Erin had thrust into his back. He suddenly froze as his claws landed on the spot.
“Oh.”
Everyone stared at him. The adventurer looked around. Though his scales were black, Selys could see a slight red blush appear around his face. He got up very slowly and brushed the snow off of his gear. He sheepishly looked at Erin.
“I’m uh, okay.”
“Of course you are, silly!”
Erin laughed. She stabbed the adventurer in the stomach. Hard. He yelped and grabbed at his stomach, but now everyone could see there was not a speck of blood. There was a slight scratch on his scales, but that was all.
“And now, here’s my trick!”
Smiling, Erin showed the knife to the crowd, and then pulled a carrot out from the sack she’d brought. She tossed the carrot up and cut it in half with a cut slash of the knife. She caught the two pieces.
There was a brief pause, and then the crowd burst into applause. Beaming like a ringmaster, Erin bowed.
“Thank you! Anyone want to try? Free samples! I promise it doesn’t taste bad!”
“Ooh, me! Me!”
Someone shouted from the back of the crowd. A huge figure Selys recognized pushed his way forwards, shouting.
“Watch business! Clear aside! I’m a Senior Guardsman I’ll have you know—hey Erin!”
“Relc?”
Erin stared at the grinning Drake [Guardsman]. He stared down at the jar of red soup, licking his lips.
“Is it good?”
“Um, yeah! Want some?”
Erin hesitantly offered Relc a spoonful. He slurped it down.
“Sweet!”
Erin stared at Relc as he began flexing his muscles, poking at his biceps and trying to see if the potion had taken effect.
“Aren’t you supposed to say ‘move along, nothing to see here’?”
He looked confused.
“Why would I do that? I want to watch! Hey, does your potion help if you get hit really hard?”
Erin hesitated. She hadn’t tried hitting herself over the head in her limited stress-testing of her defense soup.
“…Maybe?”
“Let’s find out!”
Relc walked over to the adventurer and punched him in the stomach. The black-scaled Drake doubled over, but it was a mark of the soups effects that he was able to stand back up and take a swing at Relc, which the Drake casually dodged.
Erin’s soup might have been an unknown quantity, but apparently Relc’s punching power was not. That opened the floodgates, and soon Erin had emptied one jar of her defense soup or as Relc wanted to call it—Scale Soup.
“Because it gives you another set of scales, get it? Look! I can barely cut this guy’s scales with the knife!”
“Ancestors! Stop!”
Relc was chasing the black-scaled Drake around with the kitchen knife as Erin opened the jar filled with her blue, thick, warming soup.
