4.07
Page 8
“I contribute resources to the Hive, mainly in the form of edible foodstuffs. On a daily average, I provide a value approximately 261% of the average Worker, thus justifying my existence. I am also considered to be a war asset of undetermined value, and have special qualities deemed important to the Hive at this moment due to my Individual nature and levels. Thus, I am permitted to act autonomously due to my unique class.”
Erin stared at him. Sitting underneath the table, Mrsha raised her head and smacked it on the bottom of Erin’s chair. Lyonette’s head turned as she scrubbed at a dirty table. Bird looked around and shrugged.
“That means I can go out and hunt birds. Revelantor Klbkch said so.”
Erin glanced around her inn. It was empty, aside from Mrsha and Lyonette and Bird. Her regular guests were all out. As adventurers (and one [General]), they didn’t hang around the inn much. She took a deep breath.
“Got it. You shoot birds. That’s cool.”
“I hunt all day. Sometimes all night.”
“Right. And do you do anything with the birds you shoot?”
“I bring them to the Hive.”
“Oh. That’s all?”
Bird hesitated. He glanced around the room and lowered his voice. Erin leaned forwards at Bird’s insistence. He looked guilty as he confessed to Erin in a hushed tone.
“Sometimes…I eat the birds I shoot instead of bringing them to the Hive.”
Erin stared at him.
“Okay.”
“When I am hungry.”
Bird clarified. He looked guilty. Erin nodded slowly.
“So you cook them?”
“No.”
“Wait, you eat them raw?”
“They are crunchy. And not crunchy in places.”
“But raw—”
Erin looked down as Mrsha poked her head out from under the table. The Gnoll didn’t seem to have a problem with Bird’s eating habits. The Antinium nodded.
“Sometimes I throw them on a fire. The taste is different. So is the color.”
Erin had a feeling Bird’s method of cooking was literally throwing dead birds onto the fire. She took a breath.
“Okay, but you know you could cook them properly, right? You know, chop them up? Roast them? Bake them?”
“If I bring them to the Hive they are processed into paste. It does not taste good.”
“Processed—you mean that muck Pawn says all the Antinium eat?”
Bird nodded. Erin tried to imagine how a dead bird would be turned into that and shuddered.
“Okay, maybe you have the right idea. But if you cook things—”
“I do not have any Skills.”
“But you could learn—actually, wait. I have a better idea. Why don’t you bring your dead birds to me, and I’ll cook them for you? Free of charge!”
Bird stared at Erin as if she were a genius.
“You would cook birds for me?”
She grinned at him.
“Yeah! And I can make them very tasty, Bird. I can add a bit of lemon, some salt and pepper—make some gravy—you won’t ever go back to eating raw birds when you taste my cooking!”
The Antinium didn’t salivate as far as Erin could tell, but Bird’s body language told her he was extremely interested in this offer. But then he drooped and his antennae sagged.
“Ah. But I do not have many coins. Not enough to eat cooked birds all the time.”
“That’s not a problem!”
Erin hurried to reassure the downcast Bird. She thought and pointed to a bag which the Antinium had brought into the inn. It was tied tightly.
“You hunt a lot of birds each day, right Bird? Even in the winter?”
“I shoot many of them, yes.”
“Well then…if you give me a few birds, I’ll cook as many as you want to eat! That way, I get something and you get something! How’s that for a deal?”
Bird considered this.
“This is a good deal. I will accept. Thank you, Miss Erin.”
She beamed at him. Bird reached for his sack.
“I have birds now. Can I give you some?”
