4.07
Page 7
“But even if we do not have allies, we will have more Individuals.”
“How? I am still uncertain about how your Hives produces them. Your Queen did not give me a straight answer.”
“That is because she does not know. And I do not either.”
Incredulity, a greenish strip of color languidly weaving through the gold.
“How can you not?”
Klbkch smiled. He sat back down, motioning for Xrn to do the same.
“There is hope. Things have changed. These recent developments, the Individuals, all of it stems from one person. If your plan is to succeed—if we are to have hope, we must focus on one person.”
“Who?”
Xrn stared intently at Klbkch. He looked up, towards the ceiling, towards the sky.
“It all starts and ends with a young Human girl. You have met her. Her name is Erin Solstice and she comes from another world…”
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice sat in her inn and stared at the Antinium in front of her. She was a Level 30 [Magical Innkeeper], the sole proprietress of The Wandering Inn, her home, and currently, very confused.
“Let me get this straight. You like birds.”
Sitting across the table from her, Bird the Antinium nodded. He was sitting awkwardly on the edge of his chair, a short bow and a few homemade arrows sitting on the table. Erin eyed both. Apparently the Antinium didn’t use ranged weapons much, and so Bird had taken it upon himself to manufacture his own gear.
She looked back at him.
“But you kill birds. I mean, you hunt them.”
“Yes. I kill birds.”
“But you like birds.”
“Yes.”
Erin paused. She scratched her head and someone hurried over to the table.
“Mister Bird? Another glass of raw eggs?”
“Yes, please.”
Bird turned and his mandibles raised as Lyonette carefully handed him a mug filled with raw eggs. Five cracked eggs. Bird had requested it specially. Lyonette smiled at Bird, and then hurried away before Bird began to drink.
Erin watched, only slightly grossed out as Bird delicately let a glistening yolk drop into his mandibles. He clicked them together appreciatively.
“I am very grateful. Do I offer more coins now? I have many.”
“No, you can pay after. Just let me get this straight. You like birds, but you kill them.”
Bird nodded.
“Yes. Shooting birds is enjoyable.”
Erin stared at him. It wasn’t that she disliked Bird, one of the Individual Antinium who lived in the Hive under Liscor. In fact, she really liked him. He, along with four other Antinium—Belgrade, Anand, Garry, and Pawn—had been the only survivors of a group of Antinium Workers who’d given their lives to protect her when a group of undead had attacked her inn.
It was just that Bird was weird. Even for an Antinium he was weird. Pawn thought he was weird, Anand and Belgrade agreed, and Garry—well, Erin hadn’t gotten a chance to chat much with Garry, but the Antinium had definitely mentioned Bird’s weirdness when he’d helped Erin out at the Christmas party.
She was just trying to figure him out. And it wasn’t working. Erin rubbed at her head.
“Okay, okay. You like birds. But you kill them. Uh, Bird, I don’t know how to say this, but generally, you don’t kill things you like.”
The Antinium looked confused. He lowered his mug.
“But what is the point of killing something you don’t like?”
Erin opened her mouth. She closed it. She put her hands in her hair.
“You know what? How about we go back to what you do every day.”
Bird nodded amicably.
“I shoot birds.”
“…That’s it? I mean, don’t you do anything else? Do you have duties in the Hive like Pawn, or Anand or Garry?”
He paused, thinking.
