4.07
Page 12
People passed by, but some began to stop. They approached, staring at the jar Erin was waving. She heard people asking questions and uncorked her jar and offered a spoonful around. People backed away, but they kept watching. Slowly, a crowd began to gather. And the commotion alerted the Adventurer’s Guild, because soon a trio of Drakes pushed out of the doors.
One of them had bright yellow scales, another light green scales, and a third had dark green scales with a white pattern that reached from her tail up her back, although her clothes made it so only her tail was visible.
The Drake with bright yellow scales was looking around.
“What’s the commotion?”
The one with dark green scales pointed at Erin, and all three [Receptionists] looked over. The one with yellow scales rolled her eyes and twitched her tail dismissively, but the one with light green scales smiled when she saw Erin’s face.
“It’s that Human.”
“The crazy one? I mean—the one with the hamburgers?”
“Shush, Drassi! That’s my friend. I told you two about her.”
Selys grinned toothily at Erin. She’d drawn a crowd in minutes. There were Drakes that Selys knew in the crowd, people who didn’t like Humans. But they stopped because it was Erin, that Human, the one they knew on sight even if they didn’t know her name.
The crowd had formed a circle and was staring at the colorful jars Erin was waving around, but no one had stepped forwards yet. Selys waited for a volunteer. Because as much as she liked Erin…
She wasn’t going to try the soups herself. At least, not until someone else had done it first.
A volunteer stepped out of the crowd after a few second. It was a Drake adventurer from the Guild. He looked hesitant, but his companions were egging him on. They were a group of five, and he had been chosen a scapegoat.
“Um, Miss?”
Erin turned to him with a big smile.
“Hi! Do you want to try a sample?”
“A…sample?”
The Drake looked uncertain. Samples were not a tradition in this world, but Erin gave him a big smile and explained.
“I’m showing people my cool new soup! It’s magic, and I’m selling it in my inn. Do you want to try it?”
The Drake gulped. He had black scales and he was actually a bit shorter than Erin.
“What—what does it do?”
Erin pointed proudly at the red-purple jar in her hands.
“This is defense soup! I’m calling it that. Or maybe thick skin soup? Naw, that sounds bad. Anyways, it makes your scales tough!”
The Drake eyed the jar with increasing skepticism as Erin dipped the huge spoon—ladle, really—into the jar and lifted it. He glanced at his friends and at the crowd, but it was too late to back out.
“I just drink it—”
“Yep! Don’t worry. It’s sweet!”
The Drake gingerly flicked his tongue out and tasted the liquid. His eyes widened.
“It is sweet!”
The crowd of onlookers watched as the Drake slowly gulped down the soup. It didn’t look that tasty, and the Drake made a face and muttered about mushrooms, but then he’d swallowed it all. They waited, but the Drake stood looking vaguely queasy, but not noticeably different.
The adventurer coughed and glanced at Erin.
“Do I have to wait or does something happen?”
“It should be taking effect right now! Okay, now hold on a second—”
Erin put down the jar and spoon. When she came up, she was holding a kitchen knife.
“Now I stab you.”
The circle of onlookers suddenly got a lot wider, very quickly. The black-scaled Drake backed away, claws raised.
“Whoa. Miss Human, I didn’t volunteer for that!”
“Don’t worry! It won’t hurt a bit! Thanks to my soup, I won’t be able to cut you.”
“I’d—really rather not risk it. I can’t feel a change.”
