4.07
Page 5
“Against the other Queen’s directives? She has no resources. They were denied to her by the Hives. I am surprised she managed to alter your form, let alone resurrect you.”
Klbkch hesitated. This was a deep secret he was about to share, but Xrn was laying her secrets bare. He felt obligated to do the same.
“The necessary reagents can be…obtained. It is difficult, but possible. If I purchase from [Alchemists], perhaps—”
The Small Queen was shaking her head.
“That is an unlikely outcome, Klbkch.”
He felt a spark of anger. It was hot and fierce. But it was burning on despair.
“What then? Are we to give up on our future?”
“Not at all. Why do you think I am here? No, Klbkch, it is because of our future that I have come here, using the Individuals as an excuse. In fact, they are the reason I have come. If not, I would still be in the Grand Queen’s Hive, trying to create Queens on my own.”
“You tried—”
“Repeatedly.”
Xrn’s voice was tired. She traced a finger on Klbkch’s desk, leaving a trail of fire behind.
“I burned what I created. I cannot do it. Perhaps your Queen can, perhaps not. You should tell her either way. But my idea is more direct. We must have more Queens, Klbkch. We must stop running, stop focusing on pointless battles here. We have been here for two decades and barely a handful of Hives. This was not the plan.”
“No, it was not.”
Klbkch felt tired. They had failed. But Xrn’s eyes lit up, and a spark of white, golden light filled them. Hope flashing in the darkness.
“We cannot stay here, with flawed Queens who remain fragmented. With no hope of rebuilding our people. We must return home, Klbkch. We must recover our lost knowledge.”
“You don’t mean—”
Xrn’s gaze nearly blinded Klbkch. The purest blue light of unwavering determination blazed in the depths, mixed with gold and the orange glow of fury.
“Yes. We must go back. To Rhir.”
In the minutes that followed, Klbkch thought over a thousand different responses, from denial to incredulity to acceptance. In the end he simply asked one word.
“How?”
Xrn smiled. She stood up, and placed hands on Klbkch’s desk. The wood began to change, and small figures of colored lights began to rise out of the wood, marching, assembling as she spoke.
“A strike force. A few thousand Soldiers and Workers—elites if they can be acquired as well. But most importantly, a group of Individuals that can lead and fight on their own. Remember the expeditionary units of the past?”
Klbkch nodded slowly. How could he not? He had led so many, as had Xrn…
“Yes.”
And then he put the pieces together. Klbkch’s mandibles clicked together sharply.
“So that is your reason for coming here. You want the Individuals my Hive has produced—”
“More if possible. And higher level, of course. I can secure the specialist elites of other Hives, perhaps persuade other Prognugators like Tersk. He may be persuaded to listen, despite not knowing the truth yet. But I still need those with levels. You would not be enough, Klbkch, weakened as you are. And Wrymvr—”
“You sent Zel after him. If he dies, or if Shivertail dies trying to avenge General Sserys it will be war—”
“Perhaps. But I think Shivertail would win, and it would not be war if I speak to the Grand Queen. I think a death might bring Wyrmvr back to his senses, which is why I told General Shivertail.”
Klbkch paused.
“Why? What is wrong with Wyrmvr?”
Xrn looked calmly at Klbkch.
