4.07
Page 4
Xrn shook her head.
“I did not vote against the measure for that reason.”
The Antinium never called each other liars. There was no point, no reason to. Klbkch clicked his mandibles together sharply, the equivalent of taking a deep breath.
“Explain.”
“I believed there was no reason to give the dead names. I thought we would conquer this continent in the first war, and then the second, and fulfill our duty years ago, without creating individuals. I was wrong.”
There it was. Klbkch sat down hard. Xrn had just justified all the work he’d done, conceded the argument that had torn them apart for over a decade.
“I was correct.”
She smiled at him, lifting her mandibles. The Antinium did not hide the truth when they were wrong.
“You were.”
But then she grew silent, pensive. She stared at Klbkch’s desk, which was engulfed in a war between the elements. Xrn waved her hand, and the fires, the ice, the water and lightning—all vanished in a moment, leaving behind a distinctly weathered wooden surface behind.
“You were right, Klbkch. These individuals are valuable. If we go to war a third time, they may well change the outcome of the conflict.”
Klbkch opened his mandibles, eagerly pressing the second part of his old argument.
“If we need to go to war again. As I have said—”
“Yes, if. If we must take the continent, oust the Drakes and Gnolls and Humans to begin with. I am starting to come around to your thinking on that point as well.”
It was everything Klbkch had wanted to hear, what his Queen had wanted to hear. And yet—why was Xrn talking to him here and not telling his Queen this? He paused.
“Why? Why do you believe this now?”
Xrn paused a third and final time, and Klbkch knew they were coming to the heart of the matter. His blood raced a bit quicker throughout his body.
“…Do you know how long it has been since we came to this continent, Klbkch? No—do not answer. It is a pointless, Human way of asking. I know. Over two decades. And in that time, we have rebuilt our Hives. And yet, Klbkchhezeim. And yet. After all this time, no new Queens have been born.”
Klbkch’s heart paused. He looked carefully at Xrn.
“None?”
She shook her head.
“Not a one.”
Klbkch tried to come up with a response.
“The Queens have time. If they continue their efforts to discover—”
“That is not the problem, Klbkch. It is not that they are trying to create new Queens and failing. It is that they have given up trying altogether.”
The words knocked Klbkch back like a blow. He sat back in his chair hard and nearly overbalanced.
“No.”
Xrn’s eyes were steady, darkness and hints of blue and gray the only colors.
“Yes. They have not tried.”
“But surely they know—”
“They do not want to try. Or they are afraid to. This entire time I believed the Grand Queen was prioritizing the issue, as you were. But I have learned she had given up attempting to recover that knowledge. There are no new Queens, Klbkch.”
“But there must be!”
Klbkch sat up, outraged, afraid. He stared at Xrn.
“We cannot expand if there are no new Queens! The Hives have a limit to expansion, especially with only one Queen and no sub-Queens attending her! And without a Unitasis Network our armies—”
“Are flawed. Slow. I know, Klbkch. I have argued with the Grand Queen on this point countless times. But she refuses to try. She is afraid.”
“Of what? Failure?”
“Success. Of being replaced, I think. Or perhaps—no, I cannot fathom all of her reasons. But it is enough that you know.”
It was. It changed everything Klbkch had assumed about the Hives. He lowered his head and spoke quietly.
“Let me talk to my Queen. She can try—”
