4.07
Page 15
“Okay, but you’re still selling swords for salt. You’re telling us there are no disadvantages to your soups compared to potions?”
The adventurer with the katana pointed to Erin’s jar. The girl hesitated.
“Well…”
Every head stared fixedly at her, especially those who’d had her soup. Erin scuffed at the snow.
“…There is an expiry date on my soups. They don’t uh, last forever like potions.”
People exchanged glances. Erin looked guilty. Selys cleared her throat.
“That’s it?”
Erin nodded.
“My soups last the longest, but I can only make the best ones last about a week. And if I cook something else up, like a sauté, it goes bad in a few hours. Unless I keep it in my inn. It doesn’t go bad there because I have a Skill.”
The Gnoll adventurer peered at the jars.
“How does it go bad? Does it explode or turn into a fungi or turn acidic?”
“No! Nothing bad happens! Well, you throw up a lot.”
Again, more incredulous looks pinned Erin.
“That’s all?”
Erin wavered. This was getting into some personal and troubling territory she’d rather not remember.
“Not…exactly.”
The crowd tensed again, ready for the horrible details. Erin took a breath and turned red.
“You get…bad poops sometimes. Really bad poops.”
“Bad poops?”
Erin nodded.
“Really bad. Like…you could pull down your pants and hit a target ten feet away with it.”
The crowd shuddered. Erin shuddered too. She hadn’t been the one with that reaction, thankfully. But Mrsha had drank half of one of the expired soups and—
“And then there’s throwing up. Sometimes it’s just bad, but I had one reaction where I threw up in all different colors.”
Relc stopped chasing the black-scaled Drake around.
“Ooh, like a rainbow?”
Erin thought about that. She shook her head.
“Exactly not like a rainbow. That definitely wasn’t what it looked like.”
“But that’s all? That’s the only side effect? Your potions—I mean, soups—go bad after a while and they make you sick?”
“Yup!”
Erin stared down at the ground. Octavia made lying about her products sound so easy. But Erin couldn’t do it. Maybe she could sell her potions for one gold coin after all?
In the crowd, the adventurers traded glances. The group with the black-scaled Drake nodded at each other, and the young woman with the katana cleared her throat. Erin looked hopefully at her. The adventurer felt at her belt pouch.
“…Do you do discounts for repeat customers?”
 
—-
 
A while later Erin walked back out of Liscor, a bag with two empty jars and a spoon carried over one shoulder. Her belt pouch was plump, and Erin was debating how to celebrate tonight. Maybe with a hotpot with a lot of meat? Mrsha would like that. Everyone would like that, but Mrsha would especially.
Erin already had orders for tomorrow, and she was going to have to talk with Octavia about ingredients for her cooking tonight. But for now she just enjoyed the sensation of profit. It made her feel…golden.
It was another normal day for Erin, filled with event and unevent in equal measures. It was a good day, and one she could smile about as she walked back to her inn. But she kept staring northwest, towards a road that was mostly abandoned. No one was travelling in the cold, partly due to the weather, partly for fear of Goblin attacks. But Erin kept looking, kept searching.
“Come on, Ryoka. What’s taking you so long?”
She murmured under her breath, her smile slipping just a bit. Because despite her doing so much, despite everything, what Erin was doing was waiting. She was waiting. Waiting for a friend.
