4.07
Page 6
“I think he has gone insane. So has his Queen. But that is not the issue, Klbkch. The Queens, the Hives—all the Antinium on Liscor are not the issue. Going to Rhir and coming back with a Queen or the knowledge of how to create one—only that will save us all.”
Klbkch looked at her. He put a hand on his sword’s hilt, gripping it tightly.
“You still think they’re alive, don’t you?”
“They swore to fight for a thousand years if that was what it took. I believe they have continued to do battle, believing in us. We failed them, Klbkch. Now we must go back.”
“Across the ocean. Where we lost everything.”
Xrn nodded. She and Klbkch paused, remembering. Remembering the disaster, the storms—her fingers twisted and water splashed down, but the shimmering figures were safe, protected by a bubble of air on the tabletop.
“We learned from our failures. This time we will learn to sail, and I have studied spells to guide us across the ocean. If we land on Rhir—”
“We will have to fight our way down there. Past the Blighted King and the Demon King.”
“If necessary.”
“And then—then if there are still survivors, we take a Queen?”
“A younger one with the necessary knowledge, yes. If we could escort her back—”
“The odds are terrible.”
Klbkch stared at the plan Xrn had outlined on his desk. She nodded.
“But it is possible, Klbkch. More so with your Individuals. The [Strategists] you have helped to create—Belgrade and Anand—they will be invaluable. I was intending to use the Prognugator copies the Grand Queen had created instead, but these Individuals are far more original, far more capable.”
Klbkch stared at Xrn in shock. He’d met the Prognugators sent to guard her. They were created as Ksmvr had been, but like him they were incomplete, deeply flawed versions of what they should have been.
“You encouraged her to repeat those experiments?”
“It was my only option at the time. This our only hope, Klbkch. I will pursue it with any means at my disposal.”
Xrn was not defensive. She simply explained. And she looked at Klbkch, hope shining in her eyes.
“It will take much preparation, Klbkch. Years—perhaps another decade if a war breaks out. But this is the only way I see to survive. I place my plan in your hands. Will you join me, or will you stay here?”
Klbkch paused. He stared at his desk, and then looked up at Xrn. He felt emotion building in his chest, and felt the two swords hanging at his sides. He shook his head slowly. Xrn stared at him, crestfallen. But that wasn’t what Klbkch meant.
“No. It will be sooner than that. We will make the journey, Xrn. In time. With more than just Antinium. Perhaps—yes, perhaps there is more we can add to your plan.”
Golden fire. Xrn’s eyes lit up like the first time Klbkch had seen the sun. She placed a hand on his shoulder as he stood and joined her. Klbkch stared at her, and realized he was more whole than he had been in a long, long time.
Two of the Centinium stood together. One had changed in body, and the other not at all. But they were different than they had been. Different, and yet not. Because they remembered. They hadn’t come to this continent to live and die here. The knowledge was a scream in Klbkch’s soul. The Queens knew they had not come here to simply dig Hives and create mockeries of what they had been! They had come here to go back! They had retreated to fight!
“We will return.”
It was a whisper, a promise. Xrn looked at him.
“You said more than Antinium? Do you actually have allies you would trust with our secret?”
“At least one.”
Klbkch thought of Ryoka as he turned to Xrn.
