4.07
Page 14
A young human woman pushed her way to the front of the crowd to taste this first. She was apparently in the black-scaled Drake’s party, although she wasn’t helping him. She had a curved sword at her waist, which looked like a katana to Erin’s eyes. The girl stared at the young woman and smiled.
“Want a taste?”
“Sure.”
The young woman made a face as she downed the soup, but in a few seconds she was blinking and shedding clothes. She was actually giving off steam in the cold air, which made several children clamor to have a taste.
“So you’re selling this soup? It’s a potion for travelling, right?”
“And fighting Snow Golems! I bet you could give them a hug and they’d melt!”
Erin beamed. Some of the other adventurers were nodding. One, a Gnoll with several scars showing through his fur, eyed the soup appreciatively.
“I could go swimming in the coldest lake with this soup, yes? And the Scale Soup—it is like a Bark Potion, or something similar.”
The other adventurers were nodding. The young woman with the katana looked at Erin appraisingly.
“How much?”
Erin hesitated. She took a deep breath and tried to project confidence. This was it. Time to make the sale, Octavia style!
“Two gold coins. But if you buy in bulk I’ll throw in a fourth soup for every three you buy. And I’ll—”
“Two gold coins?”
The people around Erin exclaimed and she sagged. She couldn’t speak fast enough.
“Okay, okay, I could do one and a half—”
“You’re charging one and a half gold coins for this soup?”
The female adventurer stared at Erin. The girl wavered.
“I could do one coin…but I wouldn’t make much of a profit. Look, if you buy a lot of soups, then maybe I could—”
Selys couldn’t watch. She elbowed her way quickly to Erin.
“What they mean is, why are you selling it so cheaply, Erin? This is way too good to sell for so little!”
“Oh!”
The innkeeper brightened up. She scratched her head.
“Because…I can?”
The crowd looked at Erin suspiciously. She wavered, and cracked.
“Okay, if I sell a lot, I’ll earn a lot, right? If I charged like eight gold coins, I wouldn’t sell enough!”
“But the going rate for a Bark Potion is seventeen gold coins.”
Someone pointed that out. Erin’s eyes went wide.
“Whoa. Really? That’s…a lot.”
The adventurers were still staring at Erin. One of them, a far shorter Human who was rather squat, pointed at Erin.
“You said soup. Does that mean you aren’t an [Alchemist], Miss?”
“No, I’m uh, an [Innkeeper]. But wait! I’m actually a [Magical Innkeeper] so it makes sense! I have a Skill that lets me cook magical food!”
“I’ve never heard of magical food.”
Erin waved her hand frantically as people began to grow increasingly skeptical.
“It’s true! I’ve got a Skill! I can cook food up and make it magical if I use the right ingredients! It’s like alchemy, I promise! But I can fry food, make it into a soup—it’s a lot faster, and a lot less messy than alchemy!”
“And you can make stuff like this?”
An experienced female Drake adventurer pointed to the half-empty jar of soup Erin was holding. It was still hot, still steaming despite having been on Erin’s shelf for six days. Erin nodded, smiling. The adventurer thought about that for a second.
“That’s not fair.”
Someone else nodded.
“You’ll run out every [Alchemist] in the city if you sell your products that cheap!”
Erin looked shocked and hurt.
“I wouldn’t do that! I can’t make healing soup—I mean, I’ve tried and haven’t figured it out yet. And my soups aren’t as good as really high-level potions. Octavia—she’s an [Alchemist]—said so.”
