4.08 T
Page 21
Toren nodded. She followed the group, still thinking about all the sword techniques Pekona had shown her. When the group stopped in front of the hole in the ceiling, Toren was surprised to see the ropes hanging down. But then—how else would they have gotten down? She stared curiously at them as the adventurers argued at the base of the hole. Dasha seemed to be in a heated argument with Anith and the rest, but then she reluctantly bowed her head. They approached Toren again, and this time she saw the mace they had taken from the dead leader of the not-Gnolls in Larr’s hands.
“We think you should have this. You saved us not once but twice. If you’re willing to sell it, we’d gladly split the costs, but if not…we’ll earn something for the information from us exploring the dungeon anyways.”
Dasha looked bitterly disappointed, and Toren saw Insill’s eyes on the mace. She eyed it, took it from Larr, and lifted it up. Toren could manage to lift it thanks to her [Lesser Strength]. She swung it once, and the adventurers winced as the mace shrieked as it cut through the air. Toren shrugged and handed it back to the adventurers.
Larr looked flabbergasted.
“What? You do not want it? But it is worth much coin, yes?”
What was coin to Toren? She couldn’t use it. She shrugged and waved a hand at the mace. If she couldn’t swing it fast, it wasn’t worth anything to her.
“Thank you.”
Anith turned towards Toren and bowed his head. She stared at him as he went back towards Dasha, asking whether she would need help ascending or if she could manage it on her own. And Toren felt…conflicted.
She could have stabbed him in the back. She could have plucked out Anith’s eyes. She could have—
But she wasn’t going to. For some reason, Toren was reassured by that knowledge. She didn’t need to kill these adventurers. They were an asset. Like his undead.
What a strange thought. But the [Blade Dancer], no, Pekona had taught her new things. And they had offered her a share of the treasure.
It wasn’t as though Toren had to kill them. She could make an exception. And so, for the first time, Toren did. She turned away, and walked back into the darkness. And she felt good. Something was in her head, a curious thought.
They thought she was Human. They thought she was alive. They thought she was someone who would help them, be their friend. And Toren had been.
Just like Erin.
Just like Erin, how about that? Toren had done it. For a few seconds…
She’d been just like Erin. The skeleton walked back into the darkness, that tantalizing thought in her head.
 
—-
 
Insill was the one who saw the mysterious adventurer leaving.
“Wait! Where are you going?”
He cried out as she began to walk away. The other members of his group turned in alarm. But the masked swordswoman who’d saved their party didn’t come back. She turned to face Insill, and lifted one hand.
She waved at them and pointed back into the dungeon. Insill cried out.
“You can’t be serious! Come back! It’s too dangerous—”
But she strode away. In moments, she was gone. Insill turned back to his group. The [Rogue] was in shock.
“I can’t believe it. She just fought two battles and she wants to go back? She’s insane!”
“She’s got the Skills. I didn’t see her use a healing potion after either fight. And she noticed the traps—”
“Even so! Any normal adventurer would go back and rest, right?”
“Maybe she knows she can keep fighting.”
Anith spoke quietly. He nodded at the place where the mysterious adventuress had been.
