4.08 T
Page 18
“I don’t have it in me for another battle like that, Anith. That wasn’t hard, but it was disgusting. I need an hour’s bath, and I think there are still more of the things on me in places I haven’t checked.”
The Jackal Beastkin nodded.
“Nor I. But we should at least explore a few more corridors before we return. We haven’t found much and we’ve only been here for an hour—”
Anith broke off sharply. Toren turned her head. Larr had heard it as well.
“Seems like our fight attracted something. There’s a group coming.”
The adventurers backed up, the warriors and Toren in front, Larr, Anith, and Insill in the back. They saw vaguely humanoid shapes, moving as Dasha swung her lantern out.
“Who’s there!? Are you friends or—”
Howls, deep and roaring, answered her. Toren saw the hulking bear-like not-Gnolls appear out of the darkness. And running ahead and around them were—
“Goblins!”
Yes, Goblins. Only these ones weren’t like Rags’ people. Toren stared at first. He stared at very pale green skin, glowing red eyes, and hunched forms.  These Goblins were different. Smaller, more ragged, and far paler than their cousins.
Cave Goblins? Inhabitants of the dungeon? Then Larr spotted the not-Gnolls and shouted.
“By the tribes! What are those?”
It was a pity. Toren had hoped the Gnoll would know. She eyed the warriors. They were eight in total, and adding the group of Goblins there was over twenty monsters coming their way. Not all were armed; some Goblins had only their hands and rocks, but one of the not-Gnolls had a huge stone mace, carved so that the head looked like a screaming skull.
“Get ready! [Seeking Arrows]!”
Anith raised his hand and shining magical arrows shot from his open spellbook and finger. They struck the Goblins and bear-things, and Toren heard bestial screams. Three Goblins fell; none of the not-Gnolls did. They came on.
“[Triple Shot]!”
Larr felled one of the not-Gnolls with his Skill. Dasha ran forwards.
“Let’s go! [Impact Charge]!”
She smashed two Goblins aside as Pekona leapt forwards. Toren used her own skill [Daring Charge] and rushed into the group of monsters. Unlike Dasha, her Skill didn’t give her physical momentum, but rather strength and speed. She cut a Goblin down and then slashed at the first bear-creature who struck at her with a crude mallet of stone and wood.
It was a battle, as the adventurers fought to push back the monsters. Insill was cutting at the Goblins, circling around and stabbing unguarded flanks as Anith used his barrier spell to keep others away from Larr and himself. Pekona spun and fought four enemies at once as Dasha fought with her back to a wall.
They were outnumbered, and perhaps, outmatched. If Toren hadn’t been there, perhaps the adventurers would have died. But Toren was there, and so she killed.
A Goblin ran up and stabbed Toren in the back. She turned, beheaded the Goblin, and felt someone smash her in the back of the head. She staggered, turned, felt at her mask, and stabbed with her sword with the other hand. The not-Gnoll gurgled as Toren’s sword found its throat.
The thing about clothes was—one of the not-Gnolls knifed Toren again and twisted the blade. Toren laughed silently and stabbed the creature through the chest. The thing about clothes was—a Cave Goblin slashed at Toren’s arm but hit only cloth and bone.
