4.08 T
Page 13
“No way. You mean you’re down here—but we thought—how long have you been here?”
The skeleton masquerading as an adventurer shrugged. She was really enjoying this. She held up her sword to show them the bloodstains, and the short woman exclaimed when she lifted her lantern to see.
“Burn my beard, that’s one battered sword! What have you been doing, smashing rocks with it? That thing deserves to be melted down for scrap, not used as a weapon!”
Toren glared at the short woman as the young woman with the curved blade rolled her eyes. She rounded on her companion, sounding irate.
“For the last time, you don’t have a beard, Dasha! Why do you keep saying that?”
“It’s what my people say! Don’t judge me, long legs!”
“You’re only part-Dwarf! And I’m only a head and a half taller than you are!”
“I was raised by Dwarves, not Humans, alright?”
The two began to argue, completely forgetting Toren was there. She scratched at the back of her hooded head. The Drake sidled closer to her.
“Sorry about that. We’re uh, a newer team. That’s your weapon?”
Toren nodded again. She could understand the part-Dwarf warrior’s point. She didn’t like having the sword either. She wondered if she could take the one the young woman had…
“Insill!”
A voice rang out from behind the Drake, cutting the argument between the two female adventurers short. Insill turned and waved.
“Come on over! I think there’s no danger!”
He turned sheepishly to Toren.
“Sorry about that. You know how it is with dungeons.”
Toren nodded understandingly. They were being quite smart. The foolish thing was trusting her. She eyed the other two adventurers as they came over. One was a Gnoll and the other—
There were five adventurers. Two Humans, a Drake, a Gnoll and a…Toren squinted at the fifth member of the group. The last person was just weird. He had fur and looked sort of like a Gnoll, but very not at the same time. Where Gnolls had a distinct, thickset build and a certain scruffiness to their fur, this person was different. His fur was black, sleek, and he had a more elongated head, closer to a dog than the mixed appearance of a Gnoll.
If Toren had known about cultures from Erin’s world, she would have said the fifth person looked like one of the Egyptian gods, like Anubis, perhaps. He was slightly taller and thinner than the average Human male, and he was carrying a book which glowed faintly in one of his paws.
“Who is this, Insill?”
“I think she’s a solo adventurer, Anith.”
“In a new dungeon?”
Shock ran through the [Mage]’s voice. The other adventurers looked at Toren, who silently preened in their stares. At last, the Gnoll spoke.
“Well, we shall not bother you, yes? We are exploring this dungeon as you are, Miss Adventurer. Unless there is something you wish to warn us of?”
Toren thought about all the horrible ways to die she’d discovered and thought about how much she cared for this group’s wellbeing. She shook her head lightly.
“In that case, we shall be on our way.”
The Gnoll nodded, but the Drake stopped him.
“Hold on Larr! We should ask if we can team up!”
“Team up?”
The others stared at Insill in surprise, but the Drake nodded.
“She clearly knows the area if she’s been down here. And there’s safety in numbers. What about a team up? We’ll split the loot evenly amongst us all.”
