4.08 T
Page 20
For just a second, the skeleton’s eyes blazed purple. They shone brightly in her mask, as the not-Gnoll raised its mace for a swing. The beast froze as the [Fear] spell struck it and Toren leapt forwards. She rammed her blade into the creature’s chest, and it choked. It fell, grabbing at the blade and Toren pulled her sword out. She turned, and saw the battle was over.
The last two Goblins were fleeing; the other not-Gnolls were dead. The adventurers stared at her, and Toren saw Pekona staring at her with wide eyes. Only Insill spoke.
“Wow.”
In the minutes that followed, several things happened. Larr and Anith bent over Dasha, making sure the healing potion had cured the worst of her injuries. That done, they went over to the not-Gnolls to confer.
“I’ve never heard of a species like this. They almost look like you, L—”
“They do not.”
The Gnoll snarled at Insill, making the Drake back away with hands up. Anith stared grimly at the dead bodies.
“We should take one of their heads. I know Liscor isn’t offering a bounty on any monsters killed in the dungeon yet, but this is important.”
“I’ll do it.”
Larr bent and began sawing at a head with a dagger. Dasha, now on her feet, turned and spat weakly as she saw the grisly sight.
“Can’t believe you lot do that.”
“It’s not like Terandria, Dasha.”
Insill turned to her, looking defensive.
“We don’t have truth crystals, so adventurers can’t prove what we kill. We need to take proof, and in this case—”
“Yeah. Got it. Don’t mean I have to like it.”
Dasha turned away. She blinked as she saw Pekona slashing with her sword, twisting her body and slashing at the air.
“What’s she doing?”
“Teaching Miss Swordswoman her style.”
Insill pointed. Dasha murmured quietly.
“By my beard.”
Pekona leapt and spun, moving from position to position, assailing an imaginary foe. She went through basic strikes, moving into advanced rolling slashes and ways to leap from walls, or vault through the air after a handspring. And Toren copied her.
It wasn’t effortless. The skeleton had to think hard to figure out how to move. But Toren’s body moved exactly as she willed it, and what was better, she didn’t forget.
Toren was a good watcher, because she didn’t blink. Within a few minutes she had memorized every move the [Blade Dancer] had made, and was trying it out herself. The other adventures stopped and stared as Toren and the young woman turned, pivoted and slashed with their swords in a curved, graceful arc with the exact same timing.
By the time Larr straightened with the not-Gnoll’s head, Pekona had stopped, panting heavily. She stared at Toren with a mixture of admiration and fear.
“You’re no normal [Warrior], are you. Are you Gold-rank…? Some kind of prodigy?”
Toren just shrugged. Pekona stared at her and shook her head.
“You saved us back there, so this is the least I could do. I don’t know if you’ll get the class—but if you do, please don’t tell me. I couldn’t bear to be passed up by someone who can copy everything I do just by watching.”
She turned, sheathing her sword. Toren watched as Larr went to confer with Anith, and as the adventurers hesitantly approached her. The Jackal nodded to the bodies.
“We didn’t recover much. But that mace—it’s good loot. And we’ve taken enough damage as it is. We only came down here to survey the area, and we’re in agreement that it’s far too dangerous to continue.  We’re heading back.”
