4.08 T
Page 15
But she was delighted by the company, all the same. Real people, in the dungeon. Soon to be dead people, perhaps, but real people. And they thought Toren was one of them.
There was something…wonderful about that thought. Toren would have loved to explore the feeling, but then they came to a corridor and Toren saw the trap.
It glowed in her magical vision. The runes were shining across the entire hallway, some angled towards the group. There were runes on the ground ahead of Insill as the Drake cautiously advanced, and presumably they’d all fire if he touched them.
And the Drake didn’t notice. Maybe it was because they were magical, and covered by the grime, or he’d just slipped up. Either way, Toren saw the danger and realized he was about to trigger them.
The skeleton thought fast. It was let the adventurers walk into the trap and risk getting damaged herself or stop them. So Toren moved. She dashed forwards as Insill was about to cross the first room. She reached out and punched Insill in the back of the head.
“Gah!”
He staggered, but Toren’s hand pulled him back. The adventurers cried out as Toren whirled to face them. She threw her arms out as Pekona turned her blade towards Toren and Larr raised his bow.
“What the—”
“Hold, hold!”
Anith shouted to stop the others. He helped Insill up as the other adventurers stared hostilely at Toren.
“What was that for?”
Insill looked hurt and confused, the others suspicious. Toren hesitated, and then pointed down at the runes only she could see.
“What? What are—”
Insill came forwards, the others watching Toren. He pushed gingerly at the dirt on the ground with the tip of his dagger and then swore and leapt backwards as he saw the shining runes underneath.
“It’s a trap! I nearly walked into it!”
“What? How come you didn’t see it?”
Pekona stared at Insill. His tail wrapped around his leg as he hunched his shoulders.
“I don’t know! My Skill didn’t go off—”
“It might have been hidden by magic that nullified your Skill.”
Anith knelt by the runes, staring at them grimly. He looked up at Toren, and to the skeleton’s amazement, bowed his head towards her!
“You saved us. Thank you.”
The other adventurers reacted immediately. They lowered their weapons, looking ashamed. Dasha stroked at her chin, as if she had a beard. She was sweating a bit as she eyed the glowing runes.
“Dead gods, you did save us. Insill didn’t spot a thing.”
“Yeah, but—you didn’t have to hit me!”
Insill looked hurt. Instantly, Pekona whirled on him, looking irate.
“How else was she supposed to do it? She doesn’t talk!”
The Drake paused.
“Oh, right. But couldn’t she have tapped me on the shoulder or something?”
The other adventurers began venting their shock and relief on him. Dasha growled at Insill.
“You idiot! You’re our [Rogue]! Miss Swordswoman here had to stop you from getting us all killed! If you can’t detect a trap, then what good are you? I’ll kick your lights out myself!”
She smacked Insill on the arm, hard, stroking her bare chin furiously. Insill yelped and protested, until Anith told everyone to quiet down. Toren watched all of this with private glee.
Not only did she get to give other people the Lyonette treatment, but she got praised and other people helped him hit his victims? She was beginning to like these adventurers after all!
They went on. And it was now with Toren walking in the front, next to Insill. Her spotting that one trap had raised the adventurer’s estimation of her, and so they both combed the corridor together before proceeding.
