4.08 T
Page 12
They thought she looked like one of them. Her clothing had worked! For that reason alone, Toren didn’t immediately try to kill them all.
Still, there was tension in the air as the adventurers backed away from Toren. The Gnoll thrust the [Mage]’s hand away and nocked his bow. He didn’t aim at Toren, but the threat was there. The two warriors conferred with the Drake with the dagger and he called out cautiously towards Toren.
“Hallo? We’re friendly! Are you an adventurer? Are you lost? Look—we’re not threats!”
He sheathed the dagger at his waist, and the other adventurers lowered their weapons. After a moment’s hesitation, Toren lowered her sword. She wanted to see what would happen if she did.
“Great! Uh—are you okay?”
Now this…was a problem. Toren hesitated, because she couldn’t speak. When he’d been running around and Erin had been alive, he’d often wished he could open his mouth and say something. But unlike the spell that had given him vision, it hadn’t seen fit to give him intangible vocal chords as well. And now she was facing a situation where not speaking might get tricky.
Toren improvised. She raised her hand hesitantly and waved it back and forth. The adventurers watched her carefully, and she saw them turn to whisper to each other. The black-scaled Drake who seemed to be acting as their spokesperson called out.
“Are you…mute? Can you talk?”
Toren nodded to the first question and then shook her head. The Drake turned to his companions. He whispered, but Toren didn’t have ears and so his magical hearing far eclipsed that of anyone but a Gnoll’s.
“I think it might be safe. Come on, let’s go over!”
“You go up. I will stay back with Anith. Best just in case, no?”
The Gnoll whispered back. The Drake nodded and he and the two females walked forwards to meet Toren. She stared at the three of them. They stared back.
“Dead gods, is that a mask?”
The shorter woman, who had arms like a [Blacksmith] exclaimed the instant she got close to Toren. She was holding a metal lantern up and she shone it at Toren’s face. The skeleton held her breath. This was the moment of truth.
“Stop that! You’re blinding her!”
The young woman swatted the lantern down. She was Human, and holding a curved blade Toren couldn’t help but admire. He had never seen a katana before, so unlike Erin, he couldn’t make the mistake of assuming it was one. The sword the woman held was no katana—it was too wide, and the tip was double-edged. It was a long blade, and the young woman held it casually at her side as she spoke to the short woman with the axe. But she was watching Toren warily out of the corner of her eye as she spoke.
The Drake was the next person to speak. Toren looked down at him. He was thinner and shorter than any other male Drake she’d seen, but friendly enough. He grinned up at her, looking slightly nervous.
“Sorry about that. It’s just that we didn’t expect to find anyone down here. What are you doing alone?”
Toren had no good answer, so she shrugged. She was quite entertained by the notion that they thought she was like them, and wondered if she should disabuse them by stabbing them in the face. But she thought it would be more entertaining to see how long she could keep up the ruse.
“You can’t speak, right! Sorry. Uh—what should I say?”
The Drake turned to the two warriors. The young woman with the curved sword frowned.
“Are you hurt?”
Toren shook her head.
“Are you lost?”
Again, a shake of the head. The adventuress paused.
“So you’re a solo adventurer, exploring alone?”
Toren hesitated, and then nodded her head. The Drake’s jaw fell open.
