4.09
Page 11
“I am Wall Lord Ilvriss, and I will speak to that Human on a matter of war. If you will not move, I will consider you all my enemies.”
There was a visible shift in the ranks of Gnolls when they heard his title. But Krshia spoke up, sounding unafraid.
“Wall Lord or not, she is a free visitor to Liscor. It would not be good for Drakes to detain an innocent person against their will, no?”
The Drake stared at her. Krshia grinned. Only the people close to her could see how her paws were shaking a bit by her side.
“We are citizens of Liscor. If you would harm us, you would make an enemy of the city, yes? And Ryoka is my friend.”
“I do not have time for games.”
Ilvriss shifted. He might have been raising his sword, or turning to order his people, Ryoka didn’t know. She took a step forwards and raised her voice.
“Wall Lord Ilvriss. I’m right here. If you’ve got something to ask me, why not do it now?”
He looked at her. It was just one look, but Ryoka felt it shoot right through her like an arrow. There was fury and other emotions in the Drake’s gaze. She felt pinned. Ilvriss stared at her and opened his mouth.
“I have only one thing to ask you, Human. What happened to Periss? What happened to my lieutenant? How did she die?”
The street went still. Everyone was staring at Ryoka, even the Gnolls, even Mrsha. Ryoka felt her mouth dry up. A thousand answers floated through her mind, but only one found her tongue.
“I can’t tell you.”
Ilvriss blinked. He stared at her, filled with fury.
“What?”
Ryoka’s mouth was on autopilot. She recited automatically from the Runner’s handbook, remembering a passage she’d read long ago when she’d first started running.
“Runner’s confidentiality. I cannot reveal who I deliver to, or what was delivered to any other party without permission from my client.”
She waited for the Wall Lord’s response as her mind scrambled to keep up with what she’d said. Ryoka saw Ilvriss eyes flash, and he made a garbled, hissing sound of incoherent rage. He seemed to be unable to process her response on a physical level.
“You dare—a technicality! Answer me! How did she die! Tell me or I will—”
He tried to stride forwards but the Drake standing next to him, Zel, grabbed him. The Gnolls backed up as the two Drakes struggled and swore and the other Drakes rushed forwards. Ryoka’s mind was whirling. Her thought process went something like this:
If I tell him, he dies. If I tell him, I’ll die. If Az’kerash finds out—could he? What could he do to me from here?
I can’t risk it. Not until I think about consequence. But that’s the last thing Ilvriss wants to hear. So how do I get out—
Relief came when she heard shouting. Actually, crippling fear came first, but it was relief when she saw Watch Captain Zevara striding forwards with a group of [Guardsmen]. She put herself between Ilvriss and the group of Gnolls, although she didn’t look happy to do it.
“Wall Lord Ilvriss, please withdraw! You cannot bear arms in the city or threaten civilians!”
“Move aside, Watch Captain!”
Ilvriss threw off Zel’s hands and snarled at Zevara. She hadn’t drawn her sword, and she backed up a step as Ilvriss advanced on her. He pointed at Ryoka.
“That Human is hiding information! Information about my lieutenant and my soldiers and how they died! I will have it from her!”
Zevara turned and looked at Ryoka. The Human girl was sure the Watch Captain had no idea who she was, but Zevara turned to Ilvriss and put a hand on her sword.
