4.09
Page 5
This dish of Ssarish was lightly sprinkled with olive oil, garnished with a bit of white, crumbly cheese, and delicately brushed with a mixture of lemon, salt, pepper, and some spicy greens Zel didn’t recognize. It wasn’t that it had been made poorly either. In fact, the problem was that it had been overdone. Zel would have liked a plainer Ssarish, if he was even hungry for the stuff.
Which he wasn’t.
“I’m not hungry, Ilvriss.”
“Have some of the steak, then. This is Drake cooking—and I will have you enjoy it!”
“Drakes don’t have a monopoly on steaks, Ilvriss.”
“We invented them.”
“We invented a way to chop meat.”
“You are neglecting to include the art of seasoning food. This is properly spicy, nuanced flavor—”
“Just because some of our kind can breathe fire, it doesn’t mean I want to do it myself!”
Zel snarled at Ilvriss. The Lord of the Wall glared at him across the table as the innkeeper, Peslas, hovered in the wings, ready to dash into the kitchen and bring more food out for Zel to try. The [General] sat at the table, arms crossed, tail lashing the floorboards.
“I told you, I’m sure the cooking is fine. But I don’t want any right now.”
“I insist you try a cut of the steak.”
Ilvriss sliced into the rich meat, still steaming with heat. Zel sighed, but the Drake lord’s sense of pride meant he had to try some. Or run. Zel weighed the odds of Ilvriss chasing him down and reluctantly picked up a fork. He speared a juicy chunk of the steak and chewed it down. Peslas, Ilvriss, and a number of Drake patrons in the inn waited with bated breath.
“It’s good.”
Zel had to admit, the hot spices and rich meat was a good mouthful. Peslas exhaled loudly and Ilvriss treated himself to a smug smile. Zel raised one claw.
“But. I’ve had better lunches. And I could be eating one right now if you’d let me go.”
“Nonsense!”
A fist pounded the table as Ilvriss raised his voice in outrage. He speared a piece of the steak and waved it at Zel.
“This is prime dining here. You will have your lunch with me—”
“I don’t want steak, Ilvriss. It’s not as if this is the greatest steak in the world and I’m not a fan of your company.”
“This is the finest dish you could order in Liscor—”
“In it. But the inn I go to is a bit out of the city’s limits. And I bet the innkeeper there could make me a steak as good as this one.”
Ilvriss furiously chewed the steak, as if mastication could prove Zel wrong. He gulped it down and pointed at it triumphantly.
“Aha! There you are wrong. I can detect the quality of the dish, and this is excellent fare for one of the lesser cities on the continent. The owner of this inn, Peslas here, is to be commended for it.”
He nodded graciously at Peslas, who beamed and bowed his head towards Ilvriss. The Wall Lord pointed at the dish as he addressed Zel as if speaking to an infant.
“This was made by a cook with [Advanced Cooking]! No Human [Innkeeper] could—”
“She’s got [Advanced Cooking] too, Ilvriss. And her food is new. She makes this thing called a ‘pizza’, which is quite—”
“I will not hear of it! Peslas! Another dish! Bring me—yes, bring me some sautéed shrimp! The same dish you served me last night! As you will see Shivertail, no Human innkeeper could provide you with quality seafood in the winter.”
“I don’t want seafood! I want to go!”
Zel stood up. Ilvriss tried to hold him down, but Zel was quite a bit larger than the Wall Lord. Still, Ilvriss was tenacious. The two Drakes were struggling at their table when they heard the shouting.
