4.09
Page 9
Ryoka felt a chill as Krshia said that. It was more than an honor. It was terrifying, what the Gnoll said. But it was also heartfelt, and it made Ryoka feel as though she had touched immortality. To never be forgotten.
And then it was business again. Krshia bent over the tome, and beckoned Ryoka over. The other Gnolls respectfully gave her room. One of them lifted Mrsha off the table, and Krshia was bombarding Ryoka with questions about the book.
“You say it teaches, yes? So that a novice may learn? I have never heard of such a thing, but perhaps it is a lost way of making such books.  Where and when was this nation—Rihal? It must be important, but I have never heard of it. You said the book comes from here, yes?”
Ryoka scratched her head. The conversation with Teriarch was an age ago. Had he ever…? No.
“I have no idea, but I’ll swear the book is genuinely from that place.”
Krshia nodded. She paused on a page and traced the writing.
“Ah. See. On this side, there is magical writing. On this—not. It is a written language.”
Surprised, Ryoka bent over the book.
“You can tell?”
“Yes. One is rooted in magic and looks different from other angles. The other…no. It does not change. And it is not magical. It is something [Shopkeepers] learn, to tell the difference to identify fraud.”
Fascinated, Ryoka stared at the writing. There was a tiny illustration, of some kind of flower blooming. Was this a spell to grow plants? She stared at the magical writing, but she was in too much of a hurry to start decoding it.
“It must be. This is an instructional guide, so it might be describing the spell’s effects, or how to use it best.”
“Worth.”
Krshia echoed the word, and then growled softly.
“But I cannot read it! And no one living knows the language, or so I am thinking. But a spell—yes, I need an artifact.”
She turned and snapped.
“A pair of lenses, enchanted with a translation spell. Someone find one and bring it to me!”
At once several Gnolls rushed out the door. Ryoka glanced at Krshia.
“Do you think it will work?”
“The spell does not need meaning, only time. It…how do you say? It decodes the language. Identifies it over time to attain mastery. Now, Rihal. Perhaps there are books with the name—”
Krshia was turning to some other Gnolls when Ryoka heard a brief howl from outside. It was short, upset, and cut off abruptly. Instantly, every Gnoll in the room, including Mrsha, went still. Someone ran back up the stair and thrust open the door.
“Honored Krshia, there is trouble below!”
One of the Gnolls who’d left spoke to Krshia as the Gnoll turned towards the door. Krshia glanced towards Ryoka, and the girl wondered if someone had followed her. Or the Gnolls?
“What is it?”
“There is a group of Drakes below. They are armed. And they want Ryoka Griffin.”
Everyone stared at Ryoka. Krshia looked at the young woman.
“Have you enemies among the Drakes, Ryoka?”
“I don’t know! I don’t think so—I have a long list, but I’m fairly certain Drakes aren’t on there!”
Ryoka went to a window, but Brunkr pulled her back. She blinked at him. He growled softly.
“Be wary. They might shoot into the windows and Aunt has neither glass nor spelled wards.”
Ryoka nodded and backed away. Krshia looked around. The Gnolls in the room were tense, and Mrsha was staring around wide-eyed.
“They would not be openly bearing arms if they were a threat. This must be handled without bloodshed. We go out together. Ryoka in the middle. Move.”
