4.09
Page 2
“Focus your attention on that, Shivertail.”
“I’d have an easier time if you’d at least visit the inn I keep telling you about.”
“Bah. A Human inn. I’d rather bathe in filth. I can’t imagine why you stay there. I keep telling you, I will pay for you to stay here, where you can at least reside in relative comfort.”
Ilvriss’ tail curled up in disgust. Zel shook his head as the innkeeper, Peslas, hurried forwards with a refill for him.
“I actually prefer it over there, to be honest.”
Peslas, and Ilvriss both gaped at him. Zel eyed the eel and wished he’d insisted they eat at The Wandering Inn for lunch. The Drake [Innkeeper] looked as if he were about to faint. Ilvriss looked outraged.
“You cannot be serious. You’d prefer Human cuisine over this? This is the finest Drake cooking outside of a Walled City, Shivertail!”
“I like pancakes.”
Zel also liked the little Gnoll furball who would beg for scraps and sit on his lap like Selys used to. But he didn’t say that out loud. Ilvriss stared at him, and then turned towards Peslas.
“[Innkeeper]. Bring me your finest cut of Corusdeer steak, seasoned, cooked medium-raw. And a plate of Ssarish for appetizers.”
Peslas bobbed and hurried into the kitchen, shouting for his [Cook]. Ilvriss pointed his fork at Zel like a sword.
“You have lost your mind, Shivertail. I’ll at least get you to acknowledge proper Drake cooking.”
Zel raised his claw.
“That’s not necessary. I’m not hungry for this, really—”
“I insist.”
Zel groaned internally as Ilvriss clapped his hands and a [Barmaid] hurried over with another glass for him. Why did he travel with Ilvriss again? He put his head in his hands and wished he were somewhere else.
And a few miles away, running through the snow, Ryoka Griffin finally spotted her destination.
 
—-
 
“There it is. See it, Ivolethe?”
The young woman running through the snow exclaimed as she crested a hill and spotted the inn in the distance. She was tired, footsore, and foot cramped, since she was wearing boots. She would have preferred to run barefoot, but the snow was far too deep and cold for that. She was very cold, tired, and she’d had to sleep outside last night.
But she was close. Oh, so close. Ryoka Griffin grinned as she spotted The Wandering Inn in the distance. She was nearly back.
Something swooped down and alighted on her shoulder. Ivolethe glanced towards the inn in the distance and nodded.
 
“I see it. And I have seen it for the last five hours as I flew. What is so special about you, seeing it?”
 
“Oh shut up. We’re almost there.”
Ryoka swatted at Ivolethe and caught only air. The Frost Faerie back flipped off of Ryoka’s shoulder. She flew slowly by Ryoka’s head, talking with the girl as Ryoka ran on.
 
“We could have been to the city far faster had the clumsy driver not run over the brigands. ‘Twas entertaining, but costly, was it not?”
 
“You’re telling me. But Reynold says Magnolia has orders to turn every [Bandit] he spots into road kill. Jeez, she doesn’t play softball, huh?”
 
“She does not play games of throwing at all, unless they are edged things.”
 
Ivolethe agreed absently. She looked up and flew high, chasing after something. After a few minutes she returned, a bird’s feather, freshly plucked, in her hands. Ryoka glanced at her.
“I’m going to have a lot to do when I get there, Ivolethe.”
 
“So ye have said. I shall entertain myself.”
 
The Frost Faerie shrugged. Ryoka stared at her.
“So you’re going to be okay by yourself? And you’re not going to harass Ceria or make trouble for Erin? You’re going to be cool?”
 
