4.10
Page 14
“Practice first. We have to know how to fight with all this—this equipment! Then we’ll think about what we could do with our new gear. I’ll bet there are all sorts of new tactics we could employ…”
“You might also want to see if the Guild will recertify you as Gold-rank adventurers.”
Everyone looked at Ulrien. The big man pointed at Yvlon’s sword.
“Your gear alone could make you a Gold-rank, Miss Yvlon. And given the experience of the others and your ability, I’d say getting the Guild to confirm your rank might be easy. If not, one or two requests would certainly put you there.”
“Gold rank.”
Ceria and Yvlon breathed the words. Ryoka held her breath. Just like that. The Horns of Hammerad had approached the next tier of adventuring in a single moment. The moment lasted right up until Typhenous coughed.
“On the note of artifacts, I hate to make the request now, but before you are too accustomed to your items, I would like to ask if you had considered selling the ring young Pisces holds.”
The Horns of Hammerad stared at Typhenous. Ulrien nudged the older mage, looking disapproving, but Typhenous wouldn’t be dissuaded.
“I will pay more than the ring’s worth, enough for another magical item of similar or equal value. Such a ring could be quite useful to me.”
“Hey, if you’re bidding, what about me? I’ll pay more than Typhenous. Just show me what it can do.”
Revi crowded over to Pisces. Erin waved her hands frantically.
“Not indoors!”
Seborn stared at the table.
“If we’re bidding, I’d like to ask if you’d consider selling the dagger. No one claimed that.”
“Oh, right! No one here uses daggers. I mean, have a backup, but I don’t need one. And Ksmvr—”
Ceria wavered. She looked at Ksmvr, who shrugged.
“I could use the weapon, but if it will assist the group as a whole…”
“How much would you pay for the dagger?”
Pisces’ eyes gleamed. Seborn began to count on his fingers. Typhenous and Revi were arguing and Ulrien was arguing with the both of them. Ceria raised her hands and shouted.
“Please, not right now! We won’t sell anything until we discuss…”
She looked helplessly at the others. Ulrien nodded.
“Ease off them, Typhenous, Revi. They’ve just gotten their first big haul. You remember how overwhelming that moment is.”
“Ah, I do. To be young again.”
Typhenous sighed, looking only slightly disappointed. Then he clicked his fingers together and created a shower of sparks in every color that delighted Mrsha.
“This calls for a celebration, doesn’t it?”
“Of course!”
Jelaqua sprang onto a table with a mug. Mrsha leapt up beside her and the Selphid laughed and raised a mug towards Ceria and the others.
“To the Horns of Hammerad, on getting their first true haul from a dungeon! Erin, roll out some more kegs! It’s time to celebrate this properly!”
Everyone in the room cheered. Ceria laughed and Erin had to smile as Lyonette ran over to the bar’s counter to count how many kegs they actually had and if she’d have to buy more from Krshia.
“Party!”
Ryoka stared around as Yvlon and Ceria hugged each other and Jelaqua laughed and quaffed until Moore lifted her off the table. At once, the mood in the inn had turned festive. The Runner heard Halrac as the [Scout] turned to Revi.
“You’re not going to complain about another party, are you?”
Revi sniffed.
“What do you take me for? I’m all for having fun. Hey Erin, just leave the keg out here why don’t you?”
“Hey, that’s the best idea you’ve ever had, Revi!”
