4.10
Page 13
Pisces picked up both rings, looking at the others. Ceria frowned.
“You can’t have two rings, Pisces.”
“Why not?”
“Because I want that ring.”
“Shouldn’t a warrior have it?”
“Yeah, but it’s [Barkskin]. Do you know how useful that is?”
“I do. That is why I want it.”
“Hold on, let’s not fight. We should decide who gets the easiest items to assign first.”
Yvlon interrupted the squabble between the two [Mages] as she picked up the sword. She swung it carefully as everyone backed up to let her do it. Yvlon looked at the sword, and then wistfully at the buckler.
“As much as I’d like a magical shield, having a sword like this has been a dream of mine. Ksmvr, would you let me take this one?”
“Yes, Comrade Yvlon. And I believe you should have this as well given that you are more proficient with it than I.”
To everyone’s surprise, Ksmvr handed the buckler to Yvlon. She tried to push it back, looking shocked.
“I can’t have both!”
“It is only logical. You are specialized in the sword and shield style of fighting, Comrade Yvlon. I am used to any number of weapon combinations. It would be most effective to concentrate strength in one member of the party.”
“But I—no, it wouldn’t be fair.”
“But it is I who insist. As a member of the party, I wish to make the most advantageous decision for the group possible.”
Everyone stared at Ksmvr. He shrugged. Yvlon looked moved to tears as she took the buckler.
“Call me Yvlon, Ksmvr. I’m sure I’ve told you that. And if you’re sure, I’ll gladly accept. But I won’t forget this.”
Ksmvr smiled, raising his mandibles and parting them slightly as Yvlon put the buckler on one arm and held the sword with the other. Fully armored once again and holding the two enchanted items, she looked like she was ready for another battle. Ryoka had to smile. Ksmvr’s generosity did unpleasantly happy things to her heart, and she saw Jelaqua nudge her two companions and grin as well. Halrac looked approving, and Ulrien and Typhenous were nodding in tandem.
Ashamed by Ksmvr’s display, Ceria and Pisces stopped fighting over the rings and looked at each other.
“Ksmvr’s right. You take the ring with the spell attack, Pisces.”
“And you take the [Barkskin] ring, Ceria.”
“No.”
To the surprise of all again, Ceria handed both the [Barkskin] ring and the Ring of Jumping to Ksmvr. He stared down at them.
“But if I accept these items, what will you have, Captain Ceria?”
“Call me Ceria too, Ksmvr. And I have the spellbook. I think it’s fair if I don’t take an item, right Pisces?”
She looked at the [Necromancer]. He looked startled, and then shook his head.
“One item would be appropriate, Ceria.”
“Not if Ksmvr needs it. Ryoka had the right idea with the cloak, but Ksmvr can’t wear armor like most of us. He needs protection. As for the ring…I’m not a frog, and I hate heights. I don’t think you want to leap around, Pisces, Yvlon—”
“No thanks.”
Ryoka bit her lip as Ksmvr accepted the ring. She really, really would have liked it for herself. But she didn’t want to say it out loud and spoil the mood.
Newly equipped, the Horns of Hammerad looked at each other. Pisces was smiling, and Yvlon looked like a girl with a bunch of toys. Sharp, deadly toys.
“What do we do now, oh Captain? I want to run out and challenge a Mothbear right now.”
Ceria nodded, flipping the wand over in her hands and catching it. With a pang, Ryoka realized she alone would have only two new items from all of this, the wand and ring. But Ceria seemed happy enough. She thought, and then indicated the wand in her hands.
