4.10
Page 9
Jelaqua Ivirith spoke drily as she peered over the shoulder of Ceria. The other Horns of Hammerad were frozen as they stared at the pile of weapons, armor, and other magical artifacts Ryoka had taken from her bag of holding and piled on the table. The other Gold-rank adventurers in the room were watching from a respectable distance, pretending to eat. But they couldn’t take their eyes off the sparkling treasure any more than Erin could.
“Look at it all. There’s a pair of vambraces, swords—”
“A magical robe, a wand—no, two wands, and a spellbook—”
Ceria was gingerly touching the artifacts as if they might explode. She held up a spellbook, the color bright yellow and inscribed the dark outline of some kind of bird in flight. Pisces picked up one of the rings and stared at a second sword with a frown.
“That wasn’t one of the items we recovered. Was it in the bag of holding?”
“Was all of this in the bag of holding?”
Ceria turned to Ryoka, wide-eyed. The Runner girl stood with her hands in her pockets, smiling awkwardly at the other’s dumbfounded expressions. Mrsha reached for the dagger and Lyonette grabbed her. Ivolethe did the same until Erin lured her away with a bowl full of raw meat and honey.
“There’s no way. Look at all these items! There’s equipment for me, Pisces, Yvlon—there’s equipment for everyone!”
“Amazing.”
Yvlon picked up the buckler and stared at the faint scar, the seam of metal almost invisibly merged together. She tapped the buckler and nearly dropped it when a transparent, shimmering field extended from the sides of the buckler, creating a second shield that overlapped the first, creating a magical barrier in the air.
“I note these swords are not reacting despite their apparent enchantments. May I hold both, or will I burst into flame and die in excruciating agony?”
Ksmvr stared at Ryoka. His words created a momentary hush before Ryoka recovered her tongue.
“It’s fine, Ksmvr.”
“Ah, the enchantments do not conflict?”
She shook her head.
“Some of it is lower-grade stuff, but it’s all compatible or so I’m told. That’s the real benefit here. An expert [Enchanter] did the matching up so you should be able to equip any combination of items without the enchantments clashing.”
“Dead gods.”
Ceria breathed the words out. Her hands were shaking. Erin could understand her emotions.
“I thought you could only use one or two artifacts or else they’d combine and explode!”
“Only if the enchantments are poorly woven. But if an expert in the field were to select quality pieces, an adventurer may wear a large variety of enchanted items.”
Typhenous remarked as he studied the ring Pisces had picked up with unconcealed envy. Ulrien nodded.
“That’s a service a lot of Gold-rank adventurers and Named Adventurers pay for. Your group is exceptionally lucky.”
“But how? I’m sure this all wasn’t in the bag of holding—”
Ceria turned to Ryoka, looking bewildered. Ryoka took a deep breath. This was the part she’d been worried about.
“I had to sell one of the items from the bag. It was valuable. Really valuable. The [Enchanter] I talked to agreed to exchange all of this for the item. He also says he owes you a favor you can call in at any time.”
Everyone went silent at the news. Yvlon glanced at Ceria and Ksmvr scratched at one antennae. At last, Seborn broke the silence. He and Moore were staring at one of the rings Pisces was holding with a frown.
“It must have been some item.”
“Indeed.”
Pisces’ eyes narrowed. He glanced at the array of magical items Hedault had found for Ryoka.
