4.10
Page 15
Erin disappeared into the kitchen and then came out and helped Ulrien lift a barrel onto a table. Moore picked up another one and put it on a second table, and then Ryoka had a mug in her hands. Ceria hugged her.
“You did it. We have to thank you—and talk about paying you later!”
“Oh, that’s really not—”
Ryoka didn’t get a chance to finish. Suddenly Ceria was yelling for everyone to toast her. And of course, a toast meant a long drink. And Ryoka was tired from the road, and then Ivolethe decided to make off with a mug meant for Moore…
That was how the party went. Ryoka found herself playing with the bag of glowing stones, rolling them as Mrsha ran excitedly after the glowing treasures. Somehow, the people in the city had heard about the party—perhaps it was a Skill, or maybe there was a class, [Partycrasher]—and she saw familiar and unfamiliar faces mixing and laughing.
Then the door to Celum opened. Ryoka’s jaw dropped as a familiar head poked through. Octavia blinked as the wave of sound and light hit her.
“What the fuck?”
No one had told her about the door. Ryoka’s jaw stayed open as Octavia opened the door wider, exposing her shop, and then walked through, straight from Celum to Liscor in a moment. She raised her voice, called out.
“Hey Erin, I have another question about—is that Ryoka?”
She caught sight of Ryoka and nearly ran straight over Lyonette. The [Princess] turned [Barmaid] had a tray of drinks and slopped some onto Octavia’s front.
“Sorry, sorry! Uh, want a drink?”
“Don’t mind if I do!”
Octavia promptly forgot about what she wanted Erin for, took the mug, and laughed as she came over to Ryoka.
“Ryoka! You didn’t tell me you were in Liscor!”
“How did you—”
“Oh, the door? Wonderful thing. I still think I should be charging a fee, what with Erin putting it in my shop. You didn’t know? Well, it’s not like you ran all the way to Liscor from Celum, is it? Hah! Runner joke there. Don’t scowl. Uh…so anyways, there’s this door. Let me tell you all about it!”
It was a garbled explanation, but Ryoka got the gist. After Octavia had wandered away to find a second drink—she’d downed the first one with incredible speed—Ryoka went looking for Erin. She had a magical door? Ryoka’s mind felt stretched by the possibilities it represented.
“Hey Erin. About this door—”
“Oh, right! The door! Yeah, didn’t I tell you about it? It’s amazing—”
“If you did, I don’t remember!”
“What?”
“I said if you did—”
“Sorry, let me—Lyonette! I have the noodles ready! Where’d you put the beef?”
Turning her head, Ryoka saw Lyonette scream back across the room.
“Upper left pantry!”
“Thanks!”
Erin went to the upper left pantry, and Ryoka saw to her horror that a plate of raw beef, still bloody and raw, was sitting there. She grabbed Erin’s arm when the girl went to grab it.
“You’re not going to cook that!”
“Yeah, why not?”
The girl stared at Ryoka blankly as Ryoka gabbled for words.
“It’s raw! It’s been sitting out there for…who knows how long! Haven’t you frozen it or—or—”
“Oh! I get it!”
Erin slapped her forehead, grinning hugely.
“I have a new Skill!”
“What?”
“I just got it and—hang on, I’m coming!”
Erin turned and shouted at Ceria, who was waving and shouting something about a french fry disaster and Ksmvr. She made a face.
“Sorry! Explain in a bit.”
But it turned out that little bit was a while, and when Erin came back, she had to hurry and get the rest of the food she’d been cooking ready for the hungry partyers.
“So Erin, we should talk—”
“Totally! Totally! Hand me that bowl of butter, will you?”
