4.10
Page 10
“The fact that you refuse to tell us is indication alone of its worth. Why not reveal its nature…unless you think you made a poor deal? Or perhaps one better than the quality of arms represented here?”
Ryoka frowned, feeling defensive and feeling that she shouldn’t feel defensive. She turned towards Pisces as Ceria and Yvlon stared at her.
“I don’t want to tell you because if I did, you might have gotten into a fight about it. It was an item two of you could use, and only one of you could have.”
Ceria and Pisces traded glances, while Ksmvr and Yvlon stared at each other. The Horns of Hammerad looked at Ryoka. Pisces’ tone was accusing.
“So one of us could have used it to great effect—”
“But only one of you. And it would have caused a huge fight, believe me.”
“So you sold it without consulting us.”
“Pisces!”
Ceria snapped at Pisces, who’d folded his arms disapprovingly.
“We agreed to let Ryoka decide what to do. If she says it was better to sell the artifact—”
“Again, without consulting us. She might have let us know what it was, first.”
“But then we’d fight, wouldn’t we?”
Yvlon frowned at Pisces. She stared at the items, thinking aloud.
“No matter what it was…I bet it would have caused issues, even if we decided whose it would be. How fair would it have been to split the loot afterwards? What if someone wanted to take it and abandon the team? I’ve seen groups torn apart over that before.”
Ceria nodded slowly, and Ksmvr stared at Ceria before nodding energetically as well. Pisces blew out his cheeks, looking annoyed, but someone else voiced their agreement.
“I’ve seen the same thing as well. It happens all the time and it can lead to bloodshed when people fight over the best artifact.”
Jelaqua crossed her arms as she sat at a table with Ulrien and Halrac. Both Gold-rank adventurers nodded as the Selphid spoke directly to Pisces.
“I think you’d better thank your Runner friend here, Horns of Hammerad. She might have spared you an ugly argument.”
Revi, Typhenous, Moore, and Seborn all murmured in agreement. Pisces looked around for support and found none. He sighed dramatically.
“Very well. I suppose I must withdraw my issue. But let us at least find out what we paid for.”
Ryoka smiled, feeling relieved and grateful towards the other adventurers.
“It’s worth it, believe me. Hedault—the guy who did all the appraising and buying—found some quality stuff for you.”
She began to list out the items from memory, handing each one around as the Horns of Hammerad clustered around the table. They were practically shaking with excitement, and the other adventurers drew close, taking the item after the others were done with it and looking it over and talking softly. Erin and Lyonette got a chance to investigate the artifacts too, although Mrsha was banned from touching, much to the Gnoll’s quiet grievance.
“The biggest items are the sword with the weight enchantment, the Flamespread Dagger, the Forceshield Buckler, the [Barkskin] ring, the Ring of Jumping…and the ring that shoots the attack spell. There are a few potions and the bag of glowing stones and monster lure…”
Ryoka showed the Horns of Hammerad the ball with the angry face. Mrsha leapt up onto the table to touch it. It began shrieking and scared Mrsha so badly she fled into the kitchen, crying, until Lyonette went to cuddle her and pour a bit of healing potion into her sensitive ears.
“Ow. Okay, so that’s the stuff we recovered. What’s the rest of this?”
Ceria rubbed at her own ears. Ryoka smiled.
