4.10
Page 6
Zel spread his claws out on the table.
“Let me tell you what I saw, back when we first met, Ryoka. I met you during a battlefield. Well, I saw you earlier after you’d sent Ilvriss’ camp into chaos. I still have to thank you for that. Without that advantage my side might have lost the battle.”
“Was it an important battle?”
Ryoka stared at Zel. The [General] shrugged, looking slightly bitter.
“Important for some. It was a squabble between one of the Walled Cities and a coalition of city-states. If I’d have lost, there would have been trouble, the cities might have had to become vassals or pay tribute or some other nonsense…but nothing tremendously terrible would have occurred.”
“And that’s why you’re with Ilvriss now? Because you’re all buddies after the war?”
Zel bared his pointed teeth in a grin.
“I hate his scales. But he wanted to know what happened to his lieutenant and I thought it was curious too. Because—and I’ve gone off track—I saw you during the battle. Aside from the fact that you managed to either defeat Periss and a dozen elite [Soldiers] or lose them—which some Couriers would have trouble doing—there was the battle with the Goblin Lord.”
“Yeah. That.”
The [General] stared at Ryoka.
“I’m sorry about that Gnoll tribe. I did all I could to save them, but that Goblin Lord—did you know he was in the area?”
Ryoka’s hand clenched on the edge of the table.
“I had no idea.”
“I thought so. But you saved Mrsha.”
“One of them. Just one.”
“More than I could with an army. The rest of the tribe went down fighting. Every last one of them.”
Zel sighed. Ryoka felt as if she’d dropped through the floor. She reached for the hot drink Erin had given her and took a sip. It felt like she was drinking death.
All of them. An entire tribe. That was Ivolethe’s price.
Ivolethe. Ryoka turned her head. The faerie had vanished after the Gnolls had grabbed her. She might not have wanted to interfere, or known Ryoka wouldn’t be in trouble. Where was she…?
There. She was riding on Mrsha’s head, laughing as the white Gnoll cub snuck up on something on the floor. Ryoka felt worried until she remembered that Erin’s inn was built with copper nails. Ivolethe was free to enter and exit here without danger.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have brought it up.”
Ryoka started. She glanced at Zel and saw him looking at Mrsha. He shook his head.
“I don’t want to burden you. It’s just that I saw you using that potion—or was it an artifact—after the battle. You ran faster than I’ve ever seen anyone go. And then during the battle—I saw you freeze your way through part of the Goblin Lord’s army to get away. You were running like a Courier then, too.”
The Frost Faeries. Ryoka opened her mouth and then closed it. Zel eyed her calmly.
“Please understand, I’m not accusing you of anything. I am simply asking how you did all that. Do you have some kind of benefactor who supplies you with magical items? Did you have to defend yourself? Is that how Periss died? Ilvriss won’t give up until he knows the truth behind her disappearance.”
Hesitation. Ryoka looked down at her hands. Her two missing fingers. She took a deep breath.
“I can’t tell you.”
“May I ask why not?”
How could she answer that? What was the safest way? Ryoka grabbed a fry and bit into it. Zel did the same as he waited patiently.
“It’s…complicated. If I told you, you might be in danger.”
“Me?”
Zel looked amused by the notion.
“Miss Ryoka, I’ve been in danger since the first Antinium War. You might not know who I am—”
“Zel Shivertail. The Tidebreaker. I know.”
