4.10
Page 11
“Nothing too good according to Hedault, which means decent protective enchantments on all the gear. Yvlon—you’ve already got the chest plate, right. I have the vambraces and greaves for you…a helmet as well, and there’s gauntlets somewhere…”
“How strong are the enchantments?”
Erin remarked with interest as she peered at the plain steel gauntlets Yvlon was trying on. The woman winced as she struck part of the metal in her skin with the edge. Jelaqua struck the chest plate with the head of her flail experimentally and nodded in approval.
“This is good stuff. I’ve seen enchantments like these before. They cushion blows, not just make the metal stronger. Give me a good cuirass and I could kill a score of zombies by myself.”
“You could kill a group of Ghouls with that sword if you’re quick enough.”
Ulrien remarked as he tested the sword by tapping Moore’s staff as the half-Giant blocked. Moore grunted softly.
“A strong enchantment. Very nice.”
“You bet. And I’ve got a robe for Pisces. It only has a small protective charm, but I’m told it resists stains. And it’s white.”
“Thank the leaves for that.”
Pisces sniffed as Ceria tossed the robe at him. He was studying the two wands. There were also three rings sitting on the table next to them.
“Am I to understand these are both for us? What of the rings?”
Ryoka nodded, smiling.
“Two wands, both made of…damn, I forget. Some kind of redwood tree? Hedault said it didn’t really matter. The centers are filled with Waisrabbit bone in one, and Gazereye—the stone, not the actual eye of a Gazer—in the other.”
“Low-quality materials, but acceptable. I shall use the bone wand, Ceria, if you agree.”
“Fine by me.”
“Aw. Rabbit bone and stone? Is that really wand material?”
Erin peered dubiously at the wands. It was Pisces who answered with a second, self-important sniff.
“Both materials are decently rare and certainly useful as catalysts, Erin. Gazereye is a decently powerful hallucinogenic stone whose powers are magical and Waisrabbits have several unique abilities.”
“Like what?”
“They can teleport. And cast a form of offensive magic. They’re quite hard to catch. These wands would be costly, if not exactly hard to acquire. What of the rings, Ryoka?”
“Okay, there’s three of them…uh, I think this one has the [Lightweight] enchantment. I thought it would be good for Ksmvr and Yvlon—you won’t be slowed down by the armor.”
“That’s handy.”
“These two…Ksmvr, this ring lets you breathe underwater.”
Ksmvr paused.
“Very valuable. I shall take it.”
Ryoka sensed Ulrien and Halrac’s eyes on her. They knew that she knew the Antinium’s weak point. She cleared her throat and went on.
“And for you Ceria, I have this ring that has a catalyst built into it. It’s supposed to help amplify your ice spells. See, the outside is enchanted to insulate the inner part, because inside of it is—”
“Everfreeze Ice. I see.”
Pisces inspected the ring. Ryoka blinked.
“You can tell?”
“Oh yes. Springwalker could draw from the cold of the ice in situations where the temperature does not suit her spellcasting. It is a good choice. But where is my ring?”
“I have a spellbook. One filled with a few decent Tier 3 spells and some unusual Tier 2 and Tier 1 spells.”
Ryoka offered it to Pisces. He took it without comment and began flipping through it with desultory interest.
“And for me?”
Ksmvr stared at Ryoka. She smiled awkwardly.
