4.10
Page 8
Truth gems. Ryoka closed her eyes briefly. This was why lying and keeping secrets was so much harder in this world! She really needed to buy something that would negate the effects of such spells. Was there such a thing?
“Hey Ryoka, are you okay? What did Zel want?”
The young woman opened her eyes. Erin hovered next to the table, looking concerned. She had a pair of full mugs in her hand and Ryoka eyed the alcohol with no little degree of temptation.
“What did he want? Uh—well, he was asking about a time when I met him, Erin.”
“You met Zel before? Really?”
“Yep. On my run. I met him and Ilvriss. It’s uh, complicated.”
“Wow.”
Erin looked impressed. She glanced towards the door, but Zel had already left. Still, she leaned down and whispered conspiratorially to Ryoka.
“He’s a pretty big deal among the Drakes. He’s some kind of war hero, and he’s really scary, in a grandfather-type way, you know?”
“I…guess?”
Ryoka couldn’t exactly see that. Then again, she’d met Zel when he was slicing people apart with his claws. Erin nodded.
“He’s cool, though. I uh, think he doesn’t like me as much, but he’s really nice to Lyonette and Mrsha!”
“Oh. Right. He stays here.”
“That’s right!”
So she’d be seeing him around. Ryoka’s heart sank. Erin eyed her friend, and put the mugs on the table.
“Is everything okay? Are you in a big trouble with that Ilvriss guy? Because if you are, I can talk to Zel—”
“No, I can sort it out. I think.”
Ryoka didn’t want to get Erin involved. She knew a bit about the Necromancer—Ryoka had told her in a moment of idiocy. But she couldn’t get Erin involved any more. Ryoka wasn’t sure how dangerous telling people about Az’kerash was, yet. So she wouldn’t tell Erin.
There was a pang in Ryoka’s chest as she thought that. Wasn’t the key problem in every stupid B-grade film keeping secrets? Only, there were some secrets that needed to be kept.
Even from friends? Ryoka cleared her throat and looked at Erin. Her friend. But how long had it been since they’d had a chance to talk? So much had happened…
“Hey Erin, I know we haven’t gotten a chance to talk. I just wanted to say thanks…”
Erin waved a hand at her, looking awkward.
“Aw, don’t mention it. I heard an angry Drake was chasing you around the city with a sword, so I called in a few favors. We should talk—”
“We should!”
Ryoka wanted to say more, but someone—an angry Stitch-girl waving a mug—called Erin’s name and she had to rush off. Ryoka sank back into her seat. This wasn’t how she’d envisioned coming back. All she wanted to do was talk to Erin for a bit, but now here came…
“Ksmvr?”
It was still hard for Ryoka to tell the Antinium apart, but Ksmvr’s lack of a fourth arm helped in identifying him.
“Good evening Miss Ryoka Griffin. I am here to politely inquire about the magical items my party loaned you for the purposes of identification. I am not seeking this knowledge in an avaricious way; merely in order to assist and participate in my adventuring group’s success.”
Ryoka stared at him. She put her head in her hands. Ksmvr stared at her and then at her french fries.
“Are you eating that?”
 
—-
 
“Dead gods.”
“Tree rot.”
“Silver and steel.”
“I lack an appropriate expression for this moment. Comrade Pisces, assist me with determining one.”
“I think, wow is probably all you need, Ksmvr.”
