4.10
Page 7
He shrugged, looking embarrassed by the title. Zel reached for a handful of fries, chewing them down as he spoke.
“I’m not the best [General]. My reputation’s overinflated by stories, but I am a seasoned warrior. I’ve had [Assassins] and angry idiots after my head for over a decade. I think the Assassin’s Guild has given up trying to claim the price on my head. Even if an army were after me—or Ilvriss—”
“You’d still be in danger. I know who you are. And I’m still telling you that.”
Ryoka stared at Zel. He stopped chewing and looked at her.
“Really now?”
“Really really.”
“Huh.”
Zel’s tail flicked in interest. Behind him, Ryoka saw Ivolethe flying about, dragging something through the air as Mrsha chased and leapt after it. Both Frost Faerie and Gnoll were loving the game of tag.
“So it’s dangerous to us, hm? What about you? If you need protection—”
“Telling you would make things worse, believe me. I—look, I can’t tell you much. At all. But I call tell you this. I didn’t kill Periss. I didn’t do anything. I didn’t lure her into a trap on purpose or tell someone to kill her—she followed me and she died. I’m sorry it happened, but it was an accident on all sides.”
“In the forest. There was some kind of enchantment there that made me lose my way.”
Zel looked thoughtfully at Ryoka. She bit her lip.
“Don’t ask me anymore. And don’t go looking, please. For your sake. Just let it go.”
“I can let some things go. But my, uh, friend won’t. Ilvriss…that idiot won’t admit it, but I think he and Periss were a couple.”
Ryoka’s heart hurt as it sank.
“He—was?”
Zel nodded. He drummed his claws on the table, which made them cut into the wood until he noticed it and stopped.
“Damn. Sorry. Yes, well, it would be a scandal for a Wall Lord and a lowly officer in his army to be together, but I think that’s why he’s so obsessed. He loved her.”
“I’m sorry. But I still can’t tell you anything.”
Ryoka whispered the words. Zel looked at her. He stared at Ryoka in a way that made her think he was looking into her hidden heart. Then it was done and he nodded.
“I guess that’s all you can tell me for now. I’ll tell Ilvriss what you said, although I can’t promise he’ll stop coming after you. I can stop him, but perhaps…well, we’ll leave it at that for today. I know you’re busy, Ryoka. It was a pleasure to meet you again, regardless.”
He stood up, and pulled something out from a pocket. Ryoka blinked as she saw a dangling piece of metal shaped to look like a slow spiral. There was a large gem in the center, and evenly spaced smaller gems—diamonds perhaps—set along the curving bit of metal. Like a progression. Each one of the gems was glowing a different shade of green—some bright green, one a very pale green, almost yellow. But the biggest gem shone bright and green.
Zel inspected the gems critically for a second and then shook his head.
“Hm. You were telling the truth about all of that. Ilvriss might not be happy, but at least he won’t try to cut my tail off.”
“What—is that—”
“Oh, this is a truth detector. It’s a bit fancier than the truth gems—it records a number of statements so I don’t have to keep looking at it. It’s not very useful, considering you can do the same with a single gem, but Ilvriss insisted.”
“You—”
He put her through a lie detector test! Ryoka gaped at the [General]. He smiled wryly.
“Sorry, but I had to be certain.”
He pocketed the artifact and walked towards the entrance of the inn, smiling and speaking to Lyonette briefly while Ryoka sat in shock.
