4.10
Page 12
“I didn’t know if any of the armor I got would fit you, Ksmvr. So instead I had Hedault find another sword. It’s enchanted to be a bit sharper and sturdier, but not much more. I’m told it’s good enough for a Gold-rank adventurer, though. I have a cloak designed to protect from mundane arrows as well, but that’s all I could find that would fit you. I got you a bow that can shoot twice as far and some enchanted arrows, but no armor. Sorry.”
The Antinium paused, and then nodded.
“That is quite enough. My thanks for the consideration you have shown.”
Ryoka paused. She had her hand over the bag of holding the Horns had given her. Now she reached into it and began to pull out potions, a scroll, a length of enchanted rope…
“This is extra stuff, but it’s the kind of adventuring gear that Gold-rank adventurers use. I’ve got strong healing potions, mana potions…enough to get you all set up.”
The Horns of Hammerad clustered around, appraising the items. Pisces looked quite impressed by the quality of the healing potions and tried to pocket one before Ceria caught him.
Revi edged over to her teammates. She whispered to them as the others kept talking.
“Hey Ulrien, Halrac, appraise how much those extra items were worth for me.”
The two experienced adventurers frowned. Ulrien started counting on his fingers.
“A full set of matching enchanted plate armor is…ten thousand gold pieces at least.”
“That much?”
“I don’t have a matching set of armor. Even if all the enchantments aren’t of the same quality, the fact that they don’t conflict is what matters. That’s why I use other enchantments and don’t wear plate at all. As for the wands, what do you think, Halrac?”
“At least a thousand gold pieces each. That [Necromancer] is underselling them. They’re not cheap, hundred gold-piece wands with an expendable spell. As for the sword…if it’s good enough for Gold-rank, it’s worth a few thousand gold.”
“Oh come on. I’ve seen weapons for a few hundred—”
“Not if it’s good, Revi. Quality matters and these ones have no mana bleed. That doubles their prices alone. Add in a spellbook for a thousand…robes are probably a few hundred…expensive cloak if it can resist arrow strikes…the bow…rings…”
“Don’t forget those potions and the other items. Some look useful.”
Halrac nodded.
“Say twenty five thousand for the lot?”
“Twenty five thousand?
He shrugged.
“I’m guessing. It could be half again as much. Or half that if you have a haggling Skill. The fact that all the enchantments don’t spill over is incredibly useful. It means the Horns can upgrade their pieces without fear or swap them out. That’s worth a large amount. As for the rest…”
“Makes you wonder what the item they sold was. It must have been expensive.”
Ulrien frowned thoughtfully.
“The real question is how big the debt the [Enchanter] owes them is. Is it a small favor or…?”
They turned their attention back to Ceria as she spoke to the others, gesturing to Ksmvr.
“We have a decent spread of equipment—and more gold than we gave Ryoka. We can outfit Ksmvr with anything else he might need.”
Ceria pointed to the pile on the table as she turned to the others. She was shaking and grinning at the same time. She hesitated, opened her mouth, turned to the rest of her group.
“Should we…start dividing stuff up? Does anyone have a preference?”
“The robes, armor and so on are easily divided. However, the most powerful items—the dagger, sword, buckler, and three rings are not. I shall express my desire for the [Barkskin] ring and the ring that projects the spell immediately.”
