4.11
Page 12
“I mean cook everything. Take a day and just make food for twelve hours straight. You can store it wherever you like and serve it whenever you need to! For that matter, don’t worry about mealtimes. Just make breakfast, lunch, and dinner all together. Because if the food doesn’t lose its freshness…”
“I can just reheat it! I could have a month’s worth of food ready and all Lyonette has to do is warm it up and serve it!”
Erin leapt to her feet. She threw her hands up and danced about, laughing excitedly.
“Ryoka, you’re a genius!”
“I’d like to think so. Speaking of which, when we get back I want to test that magical door of yours. It’s…frankly, it’s mind blowing.”
“Isn’t it incredible?”
“Yeah, but it could be more incredible, Erin.”
“What do you mean?”
Thoughtfully, Ryoka glanced at the window, which was again, less than scenic since the shutters were closed.
“There has to be a way to utilize all that mana your inn is producing.”
“I thought it would be good mostly for my door, actually.”
“Yeah, but—I bet the door doesn’t take up a third of your inn’s supply of mana. If that’s even how it works! I want to see how many people you could actually transport before it runs out of power and—I wonder how far you could send people with it? Could you send someone to say…Invrisil?”
Erin froze mid-tango. She gaped at Ryoka.
“Invrisil? Ryoka, you really think I could make my inn connect all the way over there?”
“It would help me out a lot, if you did.”
Ryoka’s mind was racing with possibilities. She frowned, thinking aloud.
“But that’s not all. I know there’s rune magic. Couldn’t you use the inn’s mana for some kind of spell?”
“Like what?”
“Like—well, you’ve already got the equivalent of a preservation rune on your whole inn…”
“Better.”
Erin smiled happily. Ryoka blinked.
“Oh? How so?”
“I could have gotten some runes on my pantry. I talked to this [Mage] who said he could put some on my pantry for…I think it was like forty gold coins? But it would only have been a shelf or two, and it wouldn’t be total preservation. He said it was more like it would slow down the rate at which food went bad. So I couldn’t just leave raw meat in there because it would still go bad pretty fast.”
“Huh. I guess [Field of Preservation] really is an incredible skill.”
“Right? What do you think I’d get at Level 40? Or Level 60?”
“I don’t know. A totally automated kitchen? Plates and dishes that automatically serve and wash themselves?”
“That would be so cool. Do you think—”
“Anyways, Erin. I was saying that you could have other runes. Like ones that heat up your inn, or cool it down. Or…or what about a rune that…distills water from the air? Is that possible?”
“Ooh. Useful! Let me write this down.”
Erin searched around for a bit of parchment as Ryoka kept talking.
“There’s so much I have to do there. I told you about Laken—”
“An actual [Emperor]! And he’s from our world! I want to meet him. And Durene!”
“I’m sure you’ll love him. But he’s so far away that even with Magnolia’s coach, it’s a day’s journey. But if you could get to Invrisil just by walking through a door—”
“The Runner’s Guild will get really mad if I start doing deliveries that way.”
“Maybe it can just be a personal connection? If people knew your door could do that, you might be in danger.”
Ryoka was thinking over the issue, looking for potential risks. Erin nodded, serious.
“I want to make my inn better. If I can link my inn to other cities, I’m totally down for it. And I like the idea of expanding the inn. And hiring more help. Especially hiring more help. I wonder if I could hire Garry? Or…”
