4.11
Page 14
Her head really did hurt. Teriarch, out in the open? Playing crappy games? What did it mean? Was there a meaning? What could she do about it? Bash her head in with a rock? Forget? After a while, she looked up. Erin was gazing at her, grinning.
“Isn’t it weird?”
“What, specifically?”
“We keep running into the same people. You knew Octavia before I met her, and I met Teriarch…everything’s connected.”
“It’s a small continent. Just about the size of Eurasia.”
“Well, I think it’s awesome. And I also think…yeah, I think I know what to do.”
Erin smiled. Things felt clearer to her, as if a fog had lifted. Here was Ryoka, her friend. Maybe her best friend? Her friend from another world. And it felt like Erin had been waiting for a long time to talk to her. Not about anything specific—it was just that she needed to talk to someone.
“Build my inn, hire people, and sell food to adventurers. That’s my plan for now. What about you, Ryoka?”
The girl shrugged.
“I’m staying here for now. I’ve been away too long, and there’s so much I need to do. Ivolethe is going to teach me…something. Faerie magic, maybe. Or a way to run faster. I’ll go shopping—see if I can pick up some magical items and get Octavia to brew me some potions, but my goal is to become a Courier. If I can make it all the way to First Landing with my two feet, maybe I can see about getting a ship to go to Wistram.”
“That’s big.”
“Why aim low?”
“True.”
Erin played with a bit of cheese on the platter.
“Do you think we should go there? To Wistram?”
Ryoka stared out of the window. She got tired of staring at the shutters and opened them. A cold wind blew in, and Ryoka stared out across the city of Celum, at the rooftops full of snow.
“I don’t know. But I know that I need more…power. No, that’s not the right word. More strength, more speed, more…something. I need to protect myself, and other people. Getting rich and learning to run faster is a way to do that.”
“I’d just like to earn more money. If I can make my inn better, well, then I think I can help other people. I could buy things for Mrsha, help out Ceria and the others…”
“Money makes the world go round.”
It was funny, but money was important. So important. Money could buy them safety, get them to Wistram, or maybe just protect them. Magical artifacts, [Barmaids], toys for a Gnoll cub. Was there anything money couldn’t buy?
It was clichéd, but perhaps the answer was a friend. Ryoka reached for a pitcher, embarrassed at the very thought and found it was empty. Erin looked into her cup and found it was gone too. She shrugged to herself and then looked at Ryoka.
“Tell me about Invrisil. Did they have any cool fashions over there? Did you see anything interesting, or were you talking with that [Emperor] guy too much to notice?”
“Oh, I got an eyeful. Invrisil’s huge, Erin. It’s a real city. You’d either love it or hate it.”
“I think I’d love it…if they have cool stuff there.”
“They have ice cream.”
“No way!”
“Yes…way. They’re serving tiny spoonfuls out in silver bowls as if it were Häagen-Dazs. If you started selling ice cream over there, you’d be rich in no time.”
“Ice cream’s that popular? Well duh, it is, obviously. I should make some more. But do they have plays?”
“Not that I saw. You think you want to send the actors all the way to Invrisil?”
“Why not? They could start Hollywood over there!”
“More like the Globe Theatre.”
“The what?”
“Shakespeare, Erin. Don’t tell me your actors only know how to perform Othello.”
“Hey! The first thing I taught them was Romeo and Juliet!”
“Aw. Romeo and Juliet? Really?”
