4.11
Page 8
“She’s my responsibility.”
“But that doesn’t mean you can’t get help, right? I talked to Krshia, and she’s teaching Mrsha some days. And Selys helps babysit her on her days off…I think Mrsha’s really happy here. If you spend a lot of time with her when you’re here, what’s the problem? She knows you’re a Runner. Just be nice to her and hug her a lot whenever she’s around.”
For a while Ryoka stared at Erin. She opened her mouth, closed it. And then she laughed.
“Damn. No wonder people come to you for advice.”
The other girl blushed a bit.
“I dunno about all that. I’m just saying things how I see it. Mrsha’s part of the inn, now. I can’t imagine not waking up and having her try to eat everything in sight.”
They laughed at that. They laughed, and a bit more of the invisible wall they’d built up broke away soundlessly. It was only a wall if you thought it was a wall. And this was the feeling Ryoka had craved.
This was the feeling Erin had craved. The innkeeper sat across from Ryoka, staring at her friend. She’d almost forgotten what it was like to speak with Ryoka. The other girl was tall, Asian—the most unique Human in this world, aside from maybe Revi or Octavia. No one looked like her.
And Erin could talk to her about things only Ryoka could understand.
Ryoka had discovered the joys of a brie-like cheese, close in texture, but slightly greenish and with a sharper tang to the flavor than she was used to. She offered some to Erin, and Erin declined. She had a lovely striped cheese that went very nicely with a bit of dried plum on the platter.
“So what really happened while I was gone? How’d you get back? Was everything really okay?”
For a second Erin’s mind went blank as Ryoka asked the question. She thought of everything that had transpired since she’d left Celum. She took a deep breath, put down her food, and looked at Ryoka, happiness gone.
“I killed Toren.”
Ryoka froze. She looked at Erin.
“You met him? Did he try to attack you?”
The other girl shook her head.
“No. I never saw him after he ditched me. But I heard—oh, Ryoka. I heard a lot of terrible things.”
She told Ryoka about Toren. How he’d attacked people on the road, ambushed travelers, and how she’d told Pisces to cut her mana supply. Ryoka clenched her fist, crumbling a cracker to dust in her hand as she listened.
“I’m sorry about that.”
“You warned me. I should have listened.”
There were no words for the guilt Erin felt. Ryoka nodded, looking upset.
“I did. But I didn’t think he’d suddenly start killing—I wonder if something Pisces did went wrong? Or maybe it’s because he could level…anyways, that’s really…are you sure he’s dead?”
“What?”
“Rule of monsters, Erin. In every scary movie, in every video game…the monster’s not dead until you see the body. And sometimes, not even then.”
Ryoka stared at her friend. Erin had frozen in her seat.
“You think Toren’s alive? But I cut his mana supply…”
“Maybe he had a mana potion? Or…is there a way to generate mana on your own? Could he have found another master or something? This is reality, not a movie, Erin. But we are in a fantasy world.”
“I know. I get it. I’ll—I’ll keep an ear open. If anyone talks about a skeleton, I’ll know.”
Erin sat with her hands woven together, staring down at the table. Ryoka stared at her and coughed.
“Sorry. I didn’t want to—look, it’s just a thought.”
