4.11
Page 5
Garia was so apologetic that it made Ryoka feel guilty. She ushered Erin up the stairs and into the first room she came to.
The room used for private meetings was filled with a nice table, padded chairs, and not much else. It had a window looking out into the city, but since they weren’t glass windows, the shutters were closed. Ryoka wondered what the rooms in the Runner’s Guild in Invrisil would have looked like.
“Okay, now we’re here.”
Erin blinked around the room as Mrsha leapt onto a chair and then onto a table. She took a seat while Ryoka hesitated and then took the one opposite her. It didn’t feel as comfortable as Ryoka had hoped—the room was meant for business deals, not chats.
“Sorry about all that. But I think we can talk here without anyone bothering us. No one’s allowed to disturb a private meeting unless there’s a real emergency.”
“Oh. So that’s why we’re here. We could have just talked at my inn. Come here, Mrsha.”
Erin let the Gnoll jump into her lap and cuddled her as she looked at Ryoka. The Runner coughed.
They were here. Ryoka had planned this out last night before she’d slept with Lyonette. It was a chance to talk to Erin, finally, with no one to interrupt.
Only now she was here, Ryoka realized she had no idea how to start. They were going to talk.
…How?
She couldn’t think of how to start the conversation. Ryoka froze up. She felt as tongue-tied as she used to be. Erin was her friend. But she hadn’t talked to her in…forever. How could she begin?
Erin wasn’t helping. The girl was glancing around the room and whispering to Mrsha as the Gnoll wriggled happily in her arms. Ryoka felt the awkwardness quotient in the room rise until Erin broke the silence.
“Why did you say I needed a break, anyways?”
Ryoka stared at Mrsha as the Gnoll tried to carve into the wooden table with her claws. What was she supposed to say? No. She had to be honest.
“Lyonette told me about your Christmas party.”
Erin paused. She looked down at her hands.
“Oh.”
“Yeah.”
Silence. It was the thing Ryoka dreaded the most. She looked at Erin, but she had no idea what the other girl was thinking. How could anyone read minds? Was she angry at Lyonette? Or Ryoka? Did she not want to talk about it?
Conversation was a quagmire, a bog of uncertainty. And Ryoka sank like a stone.
“I uh, well, it must have been rough.”
Mrsha looked up as she sat in Erin’s lap. Erin wasn’t smiling. She stared at the shuttered window.
“Yeah. It was really embarrassing, to tell the truth.”
Ryoka cleared her throat.
“Well, you must have been really stressed out.”
“I was.”
“It wasn’t your fault.”
“That’s nice of you to say. But y’know, it kinda was, right?”
“Well…”
Ryoka coughed and fidgeted. She cast about, tried another line.
“You have so much to do every day. I saw breakfast. That’s an undertaking.”
Erin nodded.
“Yeah. I don’t know how I could keep up without Lyonette’s help. She works really hard. I bet that was a surprise when you met her again, right?”
“I barely recognized her, to be honest.”
It was like meeting a completely different person. Ryoka could barely remember the previous Lyonette, when she’d met her again. The old one had been haughty, arrogant, and rude. This new Lyonette had callused hands, was always busy, and cared for Mrsha like a sister. Or a mother.
“What happened?”
“I left her alone. She was the only one in the inn and…”
Erin stared at the table. Then she looked at Ryoka, guiltily.
