4.11
Page 6
“I think she was starving. I mean, literally starving to death while I was gone. No one went to visit her except Olesm, and he only did it when he was checking if I’d come back. She must have…run out of food for a while. She didn’t say, but I think that’s what happened.”
“Jeez.”
Ryoka stared at the table blankly for a second. She didn’t know what she was supposed to say.
“That’s rough.”
Wholly inadequate words, delivered too late. Erin nodded. She stared at Ryoka, and Ryoka stared back until things got too awkward and they both looked away. Someone’s stomach rumbled. To Ryoka’s surprise, it wasn’t Mrsha’s.
“Sorry, that was me.”
Erin patted Mrsha as the Gnoll turned to inspect her belly. She looked at Ryoka with a guilty grin.
“I know we’re talking and stuff, but do you mind if we got something to eat? I actually uh, didn’t have breakfast yet. I had some sausage and a bit of bread, but I was going to eat after everyone else…”
“Oh. Damn. Sorry—I’ll check.”
Flustered, Ryoka got up. She exited the door as Erin tried to stop Mrsha from ducking her head under her shirt. The [Receptionist] at the desk blinked as Ryoka strode over to her.
“Can I help you, Miss Ryoka?”
“Yes you can. Get us, uh—something to eat. We need snacks.”
“Snacks?”
Ryoka nodded distractedly.
“A cheese platter or something.”
“Ryoka?”
Someone called her name and came over. She turned and saw Fals grinning at her.
“Fancy meeting you here! Garia said you were in a meeting with Erin. Everything okay?”
“Fals. Good to see you.”
Ryoka clasped his hand and then looked at the receptionist.
“Can we get something to eat?”
The woman hesitated, looking torn. It was customary for Runners to make these kinds of demands. Well, not customary, but if a Runner—or more likely, Courier—were meeting with an important client, refreshments were a natural part of the negotiations. Only Ryoka thought that the [Receptionist] had clued into the fact that Erin and Mrsha weren’t exactly VIP guests.
“Eat?”
Fals blinked at Ryoka, and then caught on. He winked at her while the [Receptionist] was looking away from him. Then he looked very concerned and raised his voice slightly.
“Oh, you mean for Miss Solstice? A very important guest. You’re entertaining her here? I’m sure the Guild could get some of those jam buns down the street as well. After all, Erin does talk with Gold-rank adventurers on a daily basis.”
“Not to mention a Drake [General].”
Ryoka saw the [Receptionist]’s eyes go round as she and Fals nodded at each other seriously. He had an excellent deadpan face.
 
—-
 
Erin was teaching Mrsha how to do trust falls off of a chair and the Gnoll was doing absolutely no trusting or falling when Ryoka opened the door. Both looked up as Ryoka smiled hesitantly at them.
“Okay, there will be snacks sent up shortly. We’ll also get drinks—I said you’d like fruit juice so they’ll see what they have. Uh, I think we might get some buns, a cheese platter—what?”
Her friend was giving her an amused look.
“That’s a lot of food! I could have just eaten an apple, you know.”
“Uh, sorry.”
Ryoka flushed a bit.
“I just wanted to get everything we might want right away. There will be uh, pillows delivered as well.”
Erin burst out laughing and Ryoka felt herself go crimson. But before embarrassment could poke  her with hot needles, Erin was nodding appreciatively.
“I totally support your decision, Ryoka. One hundred and twelve percent. I did the exact same thing too.”
Ryoka blinked.
“You did?”
The innkeeper girl smiled as she recalled.
