4.11
Page 11
“I’m new to this innkeeper thing, okay? I kept thinking ‘this is my inn, so I’ve got to do everything’. I only hired Lyonette because I thought she’d die in the cold by herself. But I guess I never thought about getting a new [Barmaid] or [Cook].”
“So you’re going to do it?”
Erin nodded, smiling.
“Yeah. I can do it. I’ll do it tomorrow, or maybe later today. Actually, I’ll look into it after we finish talking.”
“What?”
“I’ll go hire someone. You’re right. Selys always said I should. I’ll go have a word with Safry and Maran tomorrow. They’re both [Barmaids]. They should know some good people I could interview, right?”
Ryoka hesitated. Erin’s turnaround from thought to action was so fast she was having a hard time keeping up.
“I mean, we could think this through some more. Have you thought about hiring a Drake or Gnoll? It might help if they know more about local customs. How much will you pay them?”
Erin shrugged.
“I don’t know. I’ll figure it all out as I go. That’s how I roll.”
Ryoka stared, but since she’d done that and Erin seemed immune to it, she switched topics.
“Okay, about Pawn.”
“What about him?”
Erin looked confused. Ryoka replayed parts of their catching up she’d done.
“You said you were telling him about the bible, right?”
“Yeah…well, he was asking. And he was really confused, so I…”
Erin hesitated. She vaguely recalled Ryoka’s admonitions not to bring up religion.
“Was that a bad thing?”
There was a right way to respond and a wrong way. Ryoka had done the wrong way, once. She remembered shouting at Erin, calling her an idiot and then getting punched halfway into oblivion. She bit her lip.
“I think…it might have been a mistake. But it’s what Pawn needed. I’ll have a talk with him. But this god thing…”
“I know. Gods are a bad thing. The crusades and the inquisition, right?”
“Something similar. But if Klbkch is okay with Pawn…well, I’ve just got a lot to do around here.”
“So do I! I think I need to talk to Klbkch too, Ryoka.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah. I was thinking of expanding my inn, actually.”
“What, just like that?”
“Well obviously I need to see how much it will cost. But my rooms are all sold out and I think Ceria and the others are getting tired of sleeping in the basement. If I could get the Antinium to build me a third floor or maybe a second wing…”
“You’ll definitely need more staff if that’s the case.”
“And a [Cook]! I’m telling you Ryoka, if I didn’t have to keep making food all day that would free me up so much. Forget a [Barmaid], a [Cook] is what I really need. But it’s so hard finding people with [Advanced Cooking]—apparently people with that Skill are sort of rare. I don’t want to pay too much for someone, you know?”
Ryoka nodded thoughtfully. She had a sudden thought.
“You said you leveled up, right? You got that magical ambient energy and a skill that kept everything fresh, right?”
“Right!”
Erin nodded happily. Her becoming a [Magical Innkeeper] had been one of the highlights of her recent past. Ryoka smiled as her thought became an idea, and an excellent one.
“If that’s the case, maybe you don’t need a [Cook] after all.”
“What do you mean?”
Erin was curious. Ryoka smiled.
“You have a Skill that keeps food fresh, right? If that’s the case, why not prepare everything a few days ahead of time rather than worrying about it?”
She was opening her mouth to object when Erin realized what Ryoka was saying. Her eyes widened.
“You mean—”
Ryoka nodded, grinning widely in anticipation.
