4.11
Page 10
“She’s just a person. Not bad, not good. She might help a bit if she has the means, but she’s not like you, Erin. She’s not…worth thinking about.”
“But she was so nice and welcoming. How could a woman like that just not care? Jasi was so tired—and hurt! She was practically missing all the scales on her hands! Are people just like that?”
Ryoka’s head bowed.
“Maybe. Maybe they’re all like that.”
Erin stared at her. Ryoka ran her hands along the edge of her chair as she spoke.
“That’s how I used to think. I’d look at news stories of people letting dictators get away with crimes, or turning a blind eye to crimes or not doing anything when there’s a problem. Or if they did, it was something small. Something I thought was worthless, like one of those food drives where you donate bits of food and ship it off to another country. Ordinary people did just enough to make themselves feel good and let other people do the actual work.”
“Sometimes that’s all you can do.”
Erin’s voice was soft. She looked at the table.
“Sometimes you can only do a bit, Ryoka.”
Ryoka nodded.
“Yeah. I realized that when I tried to do the right thing. It’s really hard. Really, really hard. Half the time it seems like there’s no answer, no good way to fix what’s broken. The other half, it feels like if everyone would just work together we’d solve the problem. But we never do.”
Erin stared at a wall. When she spoke, it was quietly, thoughtfully.
“I don’t think it’s fair to ask random people to fix problems. I think we’ve got to work together, so if there’s something I need to do, I’ll ask people I can trust. My friends.”
“But if you do that, what about the world?”
She shrugged. Erin pointed to the closed window.
“I don’t know about the world. I can’t imagine trying to solve world hunger, or—or cure cancer. And there’s no internet here. No way to talk to people. But I can help people around me. That’s what I did at Esthelm.”
“You did do that.”
Ryoka still couldn’t believe Erin had managed that. She’d saved a city. Or maybe…helped them save themselves. Erin nodded.
“I think you’re sort of right, Ryoka. In our world it’s really hard to do stuff. There’s laws and jerks and so many problems. And we’re not rich or powerful or famous. Maybe in our world we can’t do anything. But here, I know the second-most important guy in Liscor’s Hive, and I know a Drake [General], a bunch of Gold-rank adventurers, and I played chess with Magnolia. I can do something, I think. I can help people. It’s just that I’m so busy…”
“Yeah. That’s one of the things I wanted to talk to you about.”
Ryoka sat up in her chair. Erin was trying to juggle crackers and failing. She looked at Ryoka.
“I just don’t know what to do. I love all my new customers and I’m making money hand over fist with all the Gold-rank adventurers. It’s just I don’t have time, and Lyonette’s overworked as it is…”
“So hire someone.”
Erin blinked at Ryoka. Ryoka stared at her.
“I mean, maybe you don’t want to, but I think you have to at this point, Erin. You could have someone do a trial and maybe it’ll be tough sorting things out, but if you can get an actual staff—”
“No, I think you’re right. I just forgot I could do that. Hire someone. Okay. Yeah, that’s a good idea!”
Ryoka stared. She stared so hard her eyes felt like they were going to fall out. Erin shifted uneasily.
“What?”
“You forgot you could hire people?”
