4.11
Page 2
The adventurer and Erin looked over as Ryoka made her way over to them. Erin smiled, and Ryoka nodded politely at Jelaqua. She had a hard time not staring at the Selphid’s incredibly pale face, and a harder time not ogling the gigantic man sitting on the ground and still bending over the table, or the half-crustacean fellow.
“What’s up, Ryoka?”
“Sorry—Jelaqua, is it? I’m going to have to ask that you talk to Erin later. She’s got a prior appointment today.”
“Oh?”
Jelaqua’s eyebrows rose. She glanced at Erin, whose face had gone totally blank. Ryoka was just glad she didn’t need Erin to pretend anything. The girl was awful at lying.
“I do? Uh, I don’t remember Ryoka—”
“We’re going out. Just you and me.”
“What? We are?”
Every head in the room turned. Ryoka felt herself go a bit red. She still hated being at the center of attention. But she was getting used to it.
“That’s right. You need a break. And we’ve got catching up to do. So you can finish serving breakfast—”
“I can do it!”
Lyonette waved a hand eagerly. She winked unsubtly at Ryoka. Erin hesitated.
“But I should do lunch. And there’s this thing I do with adventurers, Ryoka—”
“Nope. It can wait. You go have fun!”
Jelaqua laughed. She reached out and slapped Erin on the back. The girl staggered a few steps until Ryoka caught her. Seborn kicked Jelaqua. The Selphid looked abashed.
“Oops. Sorry.”
“No problem. But I’ve got an inn, Ryoka. I can’t just—”
“No arguments. We’re going to go to Celum. Lyonette’s got the shop.”
“Hold on!”
Ceria called out, frowning. She looked at Ryoka.
“We wanted to talk with you, Ryoka. We still need to pay you for going all the way to Invrisil and getting all the artifacts appraised—”
“Tomorrow.”
Ryoka tried to drag Erin towards the door Octavia had stepped through. Someone else called out.
“Hold up! What about lunch?”
Revi crossed her arms. Ryoka stared at her.
“Get it somewhere else. Or I’m sure Lyonette could make something.”
“You’re just going to walk off with our [Innkeeper]? What if we need her?”
“Too bad. She needs a break.”
“Ryoka, really, I appreciate it, but—”
“Nope.”
There was an art to being a jerk. Ryoka shut Erin down and turned her. She began to push her towards the magical door. She met Zel’s eyes as the [General] stared at her in amusement and looked away. She aimed her next comment at the entire room.
“Erin needs a break and I want to catch up with her. But I can’t do that when every two seconds someone wants a piece of her, or needs her to solve some incredible problem.”
The adventurers in the room glanced at each other. Halrac nodded to Ulrien and the big adventurer spoke for his group.
“No objections. Go ahead, Miss Erin. You do deserve a break.”
“I—well—okay—but are you sure, Lyonette?”
“Go ahead!”
Mrsha ran after Erin and Ryoka, but that was fine. Ryoka had nearly gotten the weakly protesting Erin to the door.
“Maybe I can just help tidy up—”
“Nope. Now, let’s get out of here before—”
The door burst open. Ryoka heard a shout.
“Erin! Erin!”
Olesm ran into the room, trailing snow and looking about excitedly. He spotted Erin and made a beeline to her. Ryoka tried to bar the Drake as he danced excitedly around her and Erin.
“Erin, you’ll never guess what!”
“What?”
“I just got the most incredible communication from one of the Walled Cities. I just learned—and you’ll never believe this—”
“Nope!”
Ryoka threw her arms up and blocked Olesm as the Drake tried to show a letter to Erin. Olesm halted and stared at her, confused.
“Oh. Miss Ryoka. You’re back. Well, listen to this—”
“No.”
The [Tactician] looked surprised.
“No?”
