4.11
Page 3
“No. I’m sorry Olesm, but whatever you have to say, you’ll have to say it to Erin later. Tonight, maybe.”
“What? But I can’t wait that long—”
“Too bad. Erin’s busy. She’s taking a break today.”
Olesm stared at Ryoka, completely dumbfounded. He raised the scrap of parchment in his claws helplessly and gestured towards it.
“But it’s the most incredible news—”
“Is someone going to die if Erin doesn’t hear it?”
Ryoka crossed her arms. Olesm hesitated. His energetically waving tail slowed.
“…No.”
Ryoka nodded.
“In that case, will this incredible thing still be there tomorrow?”
“Yes.”
“Then it can wait. Erin, come on.”
“Sorry, Olesm.”
“Aw, but—”
Ryoka opened the door as Olesm danced in place, looking upset. He called out as Ryoka stared into Octavia’s shop, eying the place where Erin’s inn vanished and Octavia’s shop began. That was real magic.
“You first, Erin.”
“Okay.”
“But it would just take five minutes! Ten! Please?”
“No.”
“It’s about chess!”
“Don’t care.”
Erin’s head turned as Ryoka tried to push her through the door.
“Well, if it’s about chess—”
“No. You’re taking a break.”
Ryoka got her friend through the doorway. The people in Erin’s inn heard her arguing with the other girl for a moment, and then the door closed. Olesm stood dejectedly in the center of the inn, looking heartbroken.
A few seconds later, the door opened. Every head turned as Pawn walked into the inn, brushing snow off of his head. He was followed a second later by another Antinium holding a bow and a dead bird. Well, ‘bird’ was stretching the term generously. This one looked like a smaller version of a pterodactyl.
Pawn glanced around the room as Bird brushed snow off of his shoulders. He opened his mandibles and addressed Lyonette.
“Is Erin here?”
Bird raised his catch.
“I have birds. They are not rotten.”
Everyone stared at them. Ceria paused mid-chew and swallowed what was in her mouth. She looked at Yvlon, who smiled crookedly.
“Ryoka does have a point.”
 
—-
 
“Aw, come on Ryoka. I want to know what Olesm has to say!”
“And you can. Later. For now—come on Mrsha. Don’t wander off!”
Ryoka strode down the street, shepherding Mrsha and Erin both. They were like cats. Mrsha hadn’t been part of Ryoka’s plan, but she’d snuck through the door into Celum behind the girls and Ryoka didn’t want to spend time trying to make her go back.
She had to talk with Erin. She had to. She’d put it off for too long. And she needed privacy to do that. So Ryoka took Erin to the one place where she was sure no one would bother them.
The Runner’s Guild in Celum.
Heads turned as Ryoka pushed open the door. She grinned as she walked into the room.
“Hey there. I’m back. Anyone miss me?”
For a second, Ryoka thought the [Receptionist] at the counter might have had a heart attack on seeing Ryoka’s face. Every eye immediately scanned Ryoka, searching no doubt for a small blue faerie. But Ryoka hadn’t spotted Ivolethe today. Instead, the Runners and [Receptionists] only saw Erin and Mrsha, sniffing the air curiously.
“Miss Ryoka, ah, how can we help you today?”
One of the female [Receptionists] hurried across the room towards Ryoka. She looked apprehensive, but Ryoka only smiled.
“I’d like to use one of the private meetings rooms if they’re available. Can you give me a key?”
“A private—oh.”
The [Receptionist] blinked at Erin. The other girl smiled at her.
“Hi, I’m Erin. How are you?”
Ryoka coughed.
“She’s my client.”
“Oh. Oh. In that case, let me just—”
