4.11
Page 9
“I know. And I did more than just kill Toren, I mean, that was like the last thing that happened. Actually, a lot of things happened while you were gone! What happened to you? I heard Magnolia spirited you away when you went to Ocre to visit Ceria and the others. What did she want?”
Ryoka shrugged.
“The usual. Threats, interrogation, intrigue—”
“Aw. Did she try and charm you as well?”
“That was the first thing she did! God—I could have kicked her ass, but not with Ressa there. Oh!”
Ryoka snapped her fingers. The sound was a crack—in the small room it was like a gunshot. Erin jumped.
“That’s loud!”
“Sorry. But you don’t know! Guess what I found out on the way to Magnolia’s mansion? Ressa’s not just a [Maid]. She’s a [Ninja].”
“What? You’re joking.”
“I’m sure of it. I saw her toss a throwing star at a bunch of Goblins that ambushed the carriage. And after that, when Magnolia was attacked by the assassins, she was fighting them like—”
“What? An assassin attack?”
“Oh, yeah. That.”
Ryoka waved a hand airily, concealing a grin. Near-death experience and horrifying trauma was fun to joke about after the fact.
“That happened right in the middle of our chat. Didn’t you have an assassination attempt when you visited her?”
“No I didn’t! Spill! What happened? Is Magnolia okay?”
“Well, I think she’ll have to do some remodeling, but her shrubbery was only partially consumed by the fire—”
Ryoka ducked as Erin threw a bit of cheese at her. She laughed, and then stopped laughing when she told Erin about the people who’d died. Erin listened, almost in tears when she heard about the servants who’d been killed as the assassins went after Magnolia, agog when she heard about Magnolia’s death-ray ring…and then she told Ryoka about returning to Esthelm, about talking with Pawn about Christianity…
Sometime after they’d been talking, the bit of cheese was eaten by Mrsha, who slunk into the room to grab as much food as she could carry and escape. Ryoka and Erin were sitting together by this point, laughing and talking to each other freely.
“It was just for a few weeks, but it feels like months, doesn’t it?”
Erin nodded, sipping from her cup as Ryoka filled hers from a pitcher filled with ice cubes.
“I did so much! I helped run Agnes’ inn, I made a bunch of weird food at Octavia’s shop, I helped start an acting troupe and got a magical door—”
“Hold up. What was that? Acting? You’re joking with me.”
“Nope! We should stop by the Frenzied Hare before we go back to Liscor. I can introduce you to Wesle and Jasi—they’re putting on a performance of Othello this week, I think!”
Ryoka stared at Erin. She stared at her cup. She slowly filled her mouth with liquid and looked at Erin. The girl raised her hands.
“Don’t you dare spit it on me! No!”
When Ryoka had swallowed and Erin had explained, the conversation halted and stopped on Erin’s private indignation with Miss Agnes, whom she’d had less and less contact with since returning to Liscor.
“Can you believe her? I mean, she didn’t want to help Jasi at all! It was like she didn’t even care!”
Ryoka could only shrug. She wanted to ask, ‘what did you expect?’, but then she looked at Erin and realized the other girl had expected more of Agnes.
“Honestly, I’m not surprised, Erin. Agnes is, well, an ordinary woman. She might be nice to her friends and people who help her out, but she’s not going to stick her neck out for other people.”
“I thought she was a good person.”
Erin sighed as she fiddled with a cracker. Ryoka’s mouth twisted.
