4.11
Page 15
“Actually, this play was Juliet and Romeo. I also got them to do Pygmalion, and Hamlet…and Frozen…but I’m running out of plays to teach them.”
Ryoka laughed.
“I’d sell my left kidney to see them do Chicago. Or at least, one or two songs from it.”
“Well, why not? You could teach them how to do the acting.”
“No. I couldn’t!”
“Why not?”
Ryoka was trying to imagine a bunch of female Drakes, Gnolls, and Humans doing the Cell Block Tango scene from Chicago. Her imagination was having trouble processing the idea.
“No. That would be—”
She broke off. Erin was nodding and smiling expectantly.
“Yeah…?”
Ryoka hesitated. And then she grinned. When she was around Erin, it felt like she could really do anything. Nothing was too crazy with her.
“Let me see if I can remember the lyrics. No promises.”
“I want to see if they’ll perform in Liscor. It would be cool to have them perform in my inn. Or maybe somewhere more public? And I could sell my new magical foods as well!”
“Yeah, we need to have a talk about that stuff, Erin. I know it’s incredible that you can make magical food, but…Defense Soup, Erin? Really?”
“Hey! It’s hard to name this stuff. I thought about Thickskin Soup, but that sounds really nasty. Relc was calling it Scale Soup…”
Ryoka was laughing. Erin was waving her hands. At some point, they stopped talking about anything important. They cracked jokes, came up with ridiculous names to call their soup—they laughed and for a few moments, they weren’t trapped in another world. They were just friends, hanging out together.
And then, at some point, Erin had to go to the bathroom, and Ryoka realized Mrsha was back in the room and trying to get their attention. Erin sighed.
“I guess we should do something today.”
“I suppose so.”
Ryoka made a face as she lifted Mrsha up. She recoiled from the Gnoll’s breath.
“How much did they feed you, Mrsha?”
The Gnoll child lolled about in Ryoka’s arms, stuffed to the point of unconsciousness. Erin sighed as she looked about the room.
“I wish we could do this again.”
“Why not? We can come back here again. Next week, or sooner. Whenever you like. We’ve got plenty of time.”
Ryoka grinned at Erin, and saw the girl’s face light up in reply. She lifted Mrsha up with a grunt and walked towards the door. Beyond it lay the rest of the world. But somehow it wasn’t as daunting to face it. This moment had restored something Ryoka needed. Something Erin needed.
And both of them knew it. Erin spoke up as Ryoka opened the door.
“Hey Ryoka?”
“Yeah?”
The young woman turned at the door. Erin smiled at her.
“I’m glad you’re back.”
Ryoka turned away. She opened the door and Erin got up. The two stood at the doorway. Ryoka grinned.
“Let’s shake things up.”
 
—-
 
Her name was Ivolethe. She was a Frost Faerie, at least to the people of this world. But that was a poor name for her true nature. But at the very least it hinted to her origin. She was no Human. She was not mortal.
And now she hovered in the snow, in the cold air, outside of a window. She could sense warmth from within, hear voices and laughter. Perhaps she might have entered, but there was cold iron in the walls of the building. And she was not invited.
Ivolethe hovered by the window, peering in through a crack. There were two girls sitting in the room. Erin Solstice and Ryoka Griffin. Ivolethe stared at Ryoka. Her friend. That a faerie could be friends with a Human was incredible. But Ryoka was still Human, still mortal. And there were ways in which she and Ivolethe could never truly understand each other. Yet they were friends, just as Ryoka was friends with Erin.
