4.12
Page 17
“What’s wrong with that? I want to go to a cool city. So what if it’s Human?”
Olesm looked up.
“But you don’t have to. You could go to one of the biggest Human cities on the continent…or a Drake city. You could reach one of the Walled Cities from here, Erin.”
“Yeah!”
Relc pounded a fist on the table, and then held out for Olesm to gingerly tap.
“Scales over skin! Whoops, sorry, Erin. Why not Drakes? Give us a chance!”
“Really? A Walled City?”
Erin had never gone south from Liscor. Neither had Ryoka. She had no idea what was south of Liscor, what things looked like. Ryoka had said she’d gone to a mountainous place, a forest, the Blood Fields…but never a city.
“The Walled Cities are amazing, Erin. I think you’d love to visit. Why not try and get a teleporting door there? I’m sure a lot of people from Liscor would pay good money to travel back and forth as well.”
Relc was nodding as Olesm spoke. Then he sat up, scratching at the spines on his head.
“Home, huh? That reminds me, what with this dungeon thing…I was thinking about it after that stupid Gazi kicked my tail a while back. But I really need to get my spear back.”
Olesm and Erin looked at Relc. Erin pointed silently to the spear the Drake had leaned against the wall near his table. Relc waved his tail at it dismissively.
“Not that. That’s just an ordinary spear, Erin! I mean my spear, my enchanted spear! I had it back when I was a [Sergeant] in army. But I had to leave it when I left. Stupid rules…but I think I need it to handle all these monsters and stupid Human adventurers.”
He glanced across the room at Ryoka, who was tossing Mrsha up and catching her, much to the Gnoll’s delight. He nodded at her and spoke conspiratorially to Erin.
“Think your runner friend could go to one of the Walled Cities for me, Erin? For maybe, a discount? I need to send a message to the army.”
“Which army?”
“Liscor’s! Duh.”
Relc snorted.
“They’re fighting around one of the Walled Cities, last I heard. Well, they’re always fighting. I don’t know where they are exactly, but I bet anyone could tell your Runner friend. She looks familiar, by the way. Have I met her before? Ah, well, you Humans…anyways. It would only take like…a week or two? She’d be back in no time, I bet, especially if you give her one of those teleporting things.”
Erin stared at him. Olesm stared at him. Relc looked around innocently.
“One week? Come on. It’s not like it would take months. No? Fine. I guess I’ll go bug Hawk.”
The last visitor to the inn dropped by long after Mrsha had figured out how to throw up in midair and Ryoka had learned why tossing children and engaging in vigorous exercise around dinner time was a bad idea. Bird wandered into the inn and was immediately accosted by Erin.
“Bird! Guard! Bird House! I pay, you shoot! Birds! Bird!”
It took a while for him to understand what Erin was getting at, but when he realized what Erin was suggesting, Bird was ecstatic.
“I am ecstatic. Is that the word?”
“Yes! Oh, Bird, it’ll be great! You can have your own room, you can shoot birds, I can cook birds, Mrsha and Lyonette can be safe and you can stop her from running off without supervision—”
Mrsha, recovered and eating more food, gave Bird a wary look. He gave the Gnoll cub an ever warier look, but nodded at Erin.
“Revalantor Klbkch has informed me of my duties. I would be happy to accept.”
Erin smiled at him.
“That’s great. Everything’s so great! Oh, by the way, is Pawn around? I heard he was trying to talk to me earlier, but I didn’t get a chance to see him. What did he want?”
