4.12
Page 1
The young man blinked at Ryoka, and then smiled.
“True enough! Are you planning on doing a delivery with Garia then, Ryoka?”
“Better. I was wondering if that offer to visit her family was still on the table. We could hang out for a day or two.”
Ryoka really had no desire to meet Garia’s family, but she had every desire to be a good friend to Garia, and from the way the girl’s face lit up, that was the right thing to offer.
“Meet my family? Well—of course! They have a farm—we could have you over any time.”
“What about in a day or two? Maybe tomorrow? I’d hate to impose, but I don’t want to get tied up and not come…”
“No, no! They’d love to have you. I’ve told them all about you…”
Garia’s eyes slid sideways to Fals. Ryoka noticed, and turned towards him.
“Why not come with us? I’m sure Garia would love to introduce you as well.”
Fals looked surprised. He glanced at Garia and then met Ryoka’s eyes. She stared at him silently and he hesitated.
“I wouldn’t want to impose…”
“Well, what if I bring a friend? Garia, would you mind if Mrsha joined us? I think she’d love to see a farm.”
“No problem! And I bet she’d love to have fun with everyone…”
Garia was sneaking glances at Fals. Pressured on two fronts, he gave in graciously and smiled at Garia.
“I would be glad to. Just let me know when and we can run there together. Does your family enjoy sweets by any chance? I would love to buy them a jar of Miss Erin’s honey…”
“You don’t need to bring anything! Really!”
Ryoka participated in the conversation for a little bit, set up a tentative date, and then rejoined Erin, who’d persuaded Mrsha to walk on her own four paws. Her real struggle was making four paws turn into two.
“Come on, Mrsha. You can’t always run around on all fours. Krshia doesn’t do it.”
Mrsha gave Erin a glance that said quite clearly that Krshia was a fool who only walked upright to fit in. Erin smiled at Ryoka.
“Ready to go?”
“Yep. I’d say we’re in time for a late lunch if we get back to the inn now.”
“I just ate! Well, I guess I can make something if the adventurers are hanging about…”
Ryoka frowned, perplexed.
“Do they always stick around? I thought they’d have things to do. Like kill monsters or go into the dungeon.”
“Yeah, well, they don’t actually do that so much. Griffon Hunt and the Halfseekers are always talking and making plans…some days they go in and come back really late, covered in all kinds of nasty stuff.”
“Well, hopefully Pisces is still about. I want to talk with him.”
 
—-
 
Pisces was indeed still in the inn, drinking and talking with the other Horns of Hammerad. And Griffon Hunt. And the Halfseekers.
None of the adventurers had left the inn, although Zel had. They were all clustered in the center of the room, talking heatedly about some big discovery. Ryoka had to get Ceria to explain it to her while Erin went to make a late lunch.
“Some adventurers went into the dungeon, Ryoka! This team—they’re only Silver-rank. They’re called Vuliel Drae and they went down through that hole Mrsha fell into. Apparently there’s an entirely new section of dungeon down there!”
Ryoka stared at the adventurers as they fussed over a bit of parchment. She walked over, peered over Ceria’s shoulder and was treated to a very rough map.
