4.12
Page 7
Moore handed the quite ordinary ceramic mug to Ryoka. She nearly dropped it and stared up at the half-Giant. Talk to him like a normal person. She knew that, but she had a horrible, horrible urge to call Moore a different name. She couldn’t help it. If he started waving around a pink umbrella, she’d really be in trouble.
“That’s right Ha—uh, Moore. I’ll run it out one mile to start and we’ll see how much energy that requires.”
Typhenous nodded.
“We may have to rely on a more precise spell to measure the energy consumption. I will consult with Moore and Pisces, although I believe a restrained [Flame Jet] spell would be more precise.”
Moore looked concerned.
“The inn is made of wood, Typhenous.”
“True. What would you suggest?”
Moore smiled and tapped the ground lightly with his huge staff. The floorboards suddenly sprouted a line of grass that shot forwards and ended at Ryoka’s foot. She gaped at the grass until it withered and faded, seconds later.
“Simple, accurate, and less dangerous to Miss Erin’s guests and her inn. Wouldn’t you agree?”
Pisces and Typhenous exchanged a glance. Then they stepped aside so Moore could get a better look at the door. They began speaking all at once as Ryoka grabbed the mug and headed towards the door. Pisces stroked his hairless chin in an imitation of Typhenous as he chattered with the others.
“For the purposes of experimentation, we must naturally use the instantaneous teleportation effect…”
“But how to differentiate between the costs for portal-style teleportation and instantaneous?”
“What if we configured the door leading to Celum and measured the difference between the two for the mana cost?”
“Of course. But if we are accounting for the variation in distance, we should also take measurements at different distances than simply one mile. I propose a sample at one mile, five, ten…”
“Only naturally. Has anyone a piece of parchment? I have a sheaf and some ink in my room if necessary.”
Pisces produced a slip of folded parchment. Moore opened his spellbook and took out a magical quill that needed no ink. Typhenous rubbed his hands together.
“Ah, good friends, it is a privilege to be working together with such fine minds. Shall we begin?”
 
—-
 
“They’re all nerds.”
Erin peered at the three mages standing around the door with narrowed eyes. Ceria paused as she gulped down the spicy meatballs made in Drake fashion. They were on a skewer, and meat to be dipped in a sauce Mrsha had gotten all over the fur on her face.
“What’s a nerd, Erin?”
“Uh, someone who talks about a lot of complex and weird stuff?”
Erin wavered. She didn’t mean she actually thought Pisces, Typhenous and Moore were lame or deserved to have their pants pulled down or have their heads swirled in a toilet. Not that she’d ever seen that happen in real life. Besides, if anyone tried that to Moore, he’d probably throw them through a wall.
Maybe not. Moore was nice. Ceria just shrugged.
“I’m actually glad Pisces has found other [Mages] he can talk to.”
Erin looked at her half-Elf friend.
“You don’t talk with Pisces about stuff like that?”
Ceria laughed.
“What? Magical theory and numbers that don’t make sense? No way! I can’t follow what they’re doing. Calculating a door’s mana supply from a spell that makes grass? How would that even work?”
Erin vaguely understood what they were doing, because Ryoka had explained it briefly to her and because she’d had to take classes in algebra and so on in high school. But she wasn’t surprised no one else got it. But it was surprising Ceria didn’t know.
