4.12
Page 9
“Yes, well, I’m sure they’re quite functional. For spells that require no adjustment and have little variation no matter how they’re cast.”
Pisces smirked and Typhenous smiled at him. Ceria muttered and flicked her fingers at them, showering the two [Mages] in snow. Typhenous blew it back at her and Revi hurled her plate at the two male [Mages].
There was a definite tension between the female mages and the male ones. Erin edged away. Mrsha and Lyonette stared at her as she joined their table.
“That wasn’t my fault.”
Someone popped into place in front of the door. Erin turned, and saw Ryoka, sweaty, looking about and scowling when she saw the eating mages.
“Hey! I just ran five miles. Get back over and finish testing!”
She snatched a plate full of the skewered meatballs from Moore and began scarfing them down, much like Mrsha. Actually, that was probably where the Gnoll was learning her table manners. Erin resolved to have a word with Ryoka about that.
While her friend was busying appearing and disappearing in the inn and the mages were arguing about the results, Erin had another visitor. It wasn’t Pawn or Bird—Lyonette told Erin they’d gone back to their Hive, much to her disappointment.
Instead, Klbkch came into the inn, looking for Ryoka. He got Erin instead, and didn’t seem put out by the trade.
“Sorry, Ryoka’s busy teleporting. But if you have time, I’d love to talk.”
“I have a reasonable supply of time, Erin. How may I help you?”
“I uh, I want to hire some of your people, Klbkch. And maybe upgrade my inn? Um. I can pay!”
Erin waited, looking hopefully at Klbkch as he sat with a plate of lukewarm meatballs in front of him. The Antinium Revalantor stared at her. He had a long gash down one arm, where the chitin was splintered. Was that new? Why hadn’t he healed it? After a minute Klbkch shook his head slightly, as if coming to.
“Ah. You never cease to surprise me, Erin.”
“Oh? Is that bad?”
“No. Rather…it would be fortuitous if not for the timing. May I ask what reason you have for this course of action?”
That was odd. Erin explained her problem with overwork as Klbkch nodded.
“Naturally this is an issue. So you wish to hire…?”
“Um. Garry? I know you’ve got lots of Workers and Soldiers, but I really need a [Cook]. And I get along so well with Garry and he’s a friend, so…”
Klbkch drummed his fingers on the table, thinking. At last he slowly shook his head.
“I regret that I cannot allow Garry to work at your inn, although I will naturally consult with you about construction costs and options.”
“Aw. Why not?”
The Antinium paused, and for some reason, looked awkward. He clicked his mandibles a few times before replying.
“My Queen…is partial to Garry’s skill at preparing food. I do not believe she would allow him to work elsewhere no matter how much gold was offered.”
“You mean she likes his cooking?”
“…Yes.”
“Well, I mean, that’s a bummer. But it’s okay. She probably needs to eat a lot because she’s uh, so, so…grand. Big. Huge. Gargantuan. Which is a good thing! Right?”
Klbkch wasn’t as quick to nod as Erin would have thought. He traced on the table with a finger, catching a tiny ant that had somehow wandered into her inn. He stared at it as Erin blinked at it and him. She wondered if he had a connection with—
He squished the ant and then picked up a meatball with the same fingers. Klbkch ate it slowly as he spoke.
