4.12
Page 0

Erin and Ryoka left the room in the Runner’s Guild, a sleepy Mrsha draped in Ryoka’s arms. They left as friends, refreshed, ready to face the world.
“Ryoka’s back!”
Erin sang and danced down the steps, beaming in delight. She flexed her arms while Ryoka shifted the snoozing Mrsha.
“Erin and Ryoka, together again! The invincible duo!”
Ryoka smiled, embarrassed, and then covered it with a scowl.
“Stop that.”
“Come on, don’t you think we make a good team?”
“I think a good team doesn’t brag about how good they are.”
“But we’re like a duo! You know, Bonnie and Clyde! Jesse and James! Bert and Ernie! Tom and Jerry! Uh…Batman and Robin!”
“Erin—”
“Siskel and Ebert! Spongebob and Patrick!”
“Which one are you, then?”
Erin hesitated.
“Uh…Sp—”
“You’re Patrick.”
“No…I don’t want to be him.”
“Well I’m sure as hell not Patrick.”
“Okay, maybe that was a bad comparison. But I could be, uh—”
“I’m Batman.”
“Aw.”
Their banter was interrupted by a [Receptionist] who hurried to them on the stairs with a smile on her face.
“Miss Erin, Miss Ryoka, I hope your discussion was productive?”
“What? Yeah. Oh—right.”
The [Receptionist] was staring meaningfully at Ryoka. She hesitated, cursed internally, and then shifted Mrsha to fish at her belt pouch.
“Here.”
She handed the woman two gold coins. Both Erin and the woman’s eyes bugged out when they saw the glitter. The [Receptionist] gaped at Ryoka, and then hurriedly curtsied to Erin.
“I hope you enjoyed our brief hospitality, Miss Erin. Please, if there’s anything we can do, do not hesitate to ask.”
“Uh. Okay.”
When the woman had hurried off with the coins Erin grabbed Ryoka.
“What was that?”
Ryoka grinned.
“The Guild charges a 5% fee on all deliveries. I’ll do the paperwork later, but right now they think you just gave me a delivery worth forty gold coins.”
“But that’s so much! Ryoka—”
The Runner shook her head. She was in a good mood.
“I’ve got the money, and I think we got what we paid for, right? Private rooms, delivered food, entertainment for Mrsha…and I feel a bit bad for bullying that receptionist.”
“I guess…”
“Don’t worry about it. I’m not. Here, hold Mrsha for me, will you?”
Ryoka dumped Mrsha into Erin’s arms. The Gnoll grunted and Erin did too. Ryoka strode over to two Runners who were approaching her.
“Garia, Fals. Thanks for looking out for Mrsha.”
“It was our pleasure, Ryoka. That little furball can run pretty fast! Are you going to teach her how to be a Runner?”
“Who knows?”
Ryoka smiled at Fals and turned to Garia. The shorter Runner smiled at Ryoka with an awkwardness Ryoka recognized. She’d felt it herself not a few hours ago.
“Sorry for overfeeding her, Ryoka. She’s just so cute…”
“No problem. And I’m sorry I had to cut you off, but Erin and I really needed to reconnect. Uh…how’s it been, Garia?”
“Oh, you know. I’m just running deliveries. I don’t do anything that interesting…”
“Not like a Runner who make it to Invrisil in two days! I heard the rumors Ryoka—don’t tell me it actually happened?”
“Not quite. I hitched a ride, actually…”
Ryoka gave them a cut-down version of the events, minus the assassinations and heard their envious comments about getting to do that many deliveries at once. Then she got to the heart of the matter as she turned to Garia.
“Look, Garia, I’ve really dropped the ball on hanging out with you. You keep offering to do a delivery together and I’m always busy…I’m not a good friend.”
Garia turned bright red and waved her hands hurriedly.
“What? No, I know you’ve got a lot to do. I don’t think—”
“A good Runner makes time for friends, right Fals?”
