4.12
Page 16
Olesm caught Erin as she was serving tonight’s dish, a spicy vegetable soup, mixed with some rather wonderful fried dino-bird that Bird had shot the other day. Erin slid into a seat as Olesm talked excitedly.
“I was sending some copies of your chess game around, and I had a lengthy correspondence with a famous [Strategist] from one of the Walled Cities! Well, I say famous…he’s not exactly the most shiny scale around, but he’s well-known and guess what? He wants to come here and play a game of chess with you, Erin! Here!”
“What? No way!”
“Yeah! I told him—well, I told him I’d ask you, but do you think—”
“I’d love to! Anytime! But wait, I barely have time to play…and I haven’t in such a long time! I’m rusty! Quick, let’s play a game.”
Erin and Olesm fussed over a chess board while Ryoka wandered over to a corner of the inn. She’d spotted someone fly in at some point, and sure enough, Ivolethe was eating an egg while perched on Mrsha’s head.
Just an egg. She’d cracked part of the bottom and was sucking the insides out. There was something disgusting about the tiny faerie eating that way, and Ryoka didn’t look too closely as she squatted down. Mrsha immediately moved over to sit next to Ryoka as the girl spoke to Ivolethe.
“Where have you been, then?”
Ivolethe licked some yolk off of her arm and looked archly at Ryoka.
 
“Away. I do not hover about ye all the time, Ryoka Griffin.”
 
“Fine, be obstinate. I just wanted to say that Mrsha and I—yes, you, Mrsha—are going to visit a friend in a day or two. She lives on a farm.”
 
“Ah, friendship.”
 
Ryoka waited for Ivolethe to say something biting, but the faerie just paused. Ryoka looked at her.
“You down for a visit, or will you be going somewhere else?”
Ivolethe shook her head.
 
“I will come. And it is good you will be going away for a day or two. I think it is time I taught you something. The winter will end soon, Ryoka. And when it does, so too shall we part.”
 
“Oh. Right.”
Ryoka hadn’t been thinking about that. Rather deliberately. She stared at Ivolethe.
“You mean you think you can teach me magic? We haven’t gotten around to it. And I didn’t really manage to learn much when you tried before. But you think I can really learn how to run like the wind?”
The faerie was silent as she tossed the empty egg over her shoulder. It flew surprisingly far and high and bounced off of Ksmvr’s head.
 
“I do not know. But I think…”
 
Ryoka watched Ivolethe carefully.
“Yes?”
The faerie nodded slowly. She smiled wickedly.
 
“Yes, I think it will be entertaining for me.”
 
She grinned at Ryoka, and the young woman bared her teeth in reply.
Across the inn, as Ksmvr stared at the eggshell and wondered aloud where it had come from, and then promptly asked Pisces to explain, Erin sat with Olesm and talked about her door.
“It’s so cool! Ryoka says she could take a portal-door-thingy to Invrisil and then I could go there and back any time I wanted! Okay, I could only go like once a day and then come back, but if I bought a mana potion or something…Pisces says he could fuel the door with his own mana to make it charge faster!”
Olesm was sweating over the chess board, tail lashing furiously. Relc looked bored as he watched them play.
“Invrisil. Hah. Why’s everyone want to go there?”
“Well, Ryoka knows some people there and it sounds really cool. It’s one of the biggest cities on the continent!”
“One of the biggest Human cities.”
Relc folded his arms. Erin looked at him as she took one of Olesm’s knights and he covered his face in despair.
