4.12
Page 12
“I’m good for it. The Horns are paying me a bit more than that for doing the run to Invrisil and back. I’ll take it out of that and I’ll still have over a thousand gold coins to buy magical items with.”
“But—”
Ryoka flicked some sweat out of her eyes. She looked back at the door, where Pisces was waving her impatiently over.
“Erin, I really don’t care. Klbkch, I’ll give you the coins later, okay?”
She jogged back towards the door and vanished with a pop of dislocated air. Erin turned weakly back to Klbkch.
“I can pay some of it. Really.”
“We will negotiate the division of payment. But I will take Miss Ryoka’s word on credit. Her generosity is worth accepting, Erin.”
“Yeah, but I never give her anything back…”
Erin sighed. She felt guilty, but she wanted a better inn more. She also felt a bit hurt. True, Ryoka had all that money from running dangerously, but she didn’t treat it, like it was, well, important.
Maybe it was because Ryoka used to be really rich? She said her father was some big shot politician guy and her mother also had an important job. Either way, it was done.
“I guess I’ll talk to Bird and see if he wants to be my guard. I think he will. And then I’ll have one guard! Do…do you think one is enough?”
Klbkch pondered the question before nodding.
“Safety is a relative term, but you are able to escape to Liscor and Celum quite quickly. Bird would no doubt be able to fend off any assailant if outnumbered or outmatched.”
“I didn’t mean—”
“It is his duty. If his death meant your survival, it would be a trade both he and I would be willing to make.”
Klbkch stared at Erin and she felt a cold pit open in her stomach. She didn’t reply, and the Antinium seemed to realize he’d made her uncomfortable. He switched subjects quickly.
“If assigning a group of Workers and Soldiers to your inn were permissible, I would do so. However, the contract between Liscor and my Hive—and my Queen’s own thoughts on the subject—do not allow for this course of action. If Bird agrees, I would have no issue allowing him to work at your inn on a semi-permanent basis.”
“Okay.”
He paused, looking at Erin. Klbkch clicked his mandibles and make a dry sound, clearing his throat.
“Well. We shall begin construction shortly. However, for the moment there is a…situation in the Hive and all Workers and Soldiers are needed. I shall send a team to begin work, but it may take more time if the need for bodies persists.”
“Oh? Is…something happening in the Hive?”
For some reason, Klbkch glanced at the other adventurers, the mages clustered around the door and Ceria, Yvlon, and Ksmvr talking at a table about their magical artifacts. He shook his head slowly.
“Nothing that need concern you, Erin. It is simply a busy time for us.”
He left quickly after that, heading back to his Hive. A bit unhappy, but more exhausted by all the planning, Erin mechanically got dinner ready.  But she realized she didn’t have enough of the weird crunchy vegetable that was called for in her soup.
Yellats. Erin went to Celum rather than Liscor to get them. It was just as quick—quicker, since she didn’t have to go through the snow and she could get them at a shop. Erin made her purchase and headed back towards Octavia’s shop. But she took a detour at the Frenzied Hare.
“Hey Safry! How are you doing?”
“Erin!”
