4.12
Page 11
“I told you I wanted to upgrade my inn, right? Well, I want a bigger common room—can you expand it like ten feet? And I want a third floor and longer second floor so I can have a lot more guests. But what if I added something on top of the third floor?”
It took Klbkch several minutes and a few questions before he could identify Erin’s sketch as a blueprint for the inn. What she had envisioned was a third floor for the inn, but her newest addition was a tall tower on top of the inn, a watchtower with no roof that would give anyone an unparalleled view of the landscape, much like the crow’s nest on a ship.
Erin grinned as she pointed to it and showed Klbkch a tiny stick-Antinium with a bow standing on the tower.
“He could sleep on the third floor and go up to the tower to shoot birds and watch out for danger. That’s all Bird does, right? And the tower would be totally cool! Doesn’t it look cool? I’ll call it…the Bird’s Nest.”
She waited. Klbkch stared at her. Erin coughed.
“That was, uh, a joke. You know, because of Bird and his name? And nest? And it’s tall?”
Klbkch nodded.
“I am aware. And if Bird agrees, I see no reason to object.”
“You mean you’d do it? You can build my inn?”
Erin sat up excitedly. Klbkch poured over the designs for Erin’s inn and nodded slowly.
“Your proposed designs for your inn seem feasible. However, I will have to charge you for this work, Erin. I am…unable to requisition supplies and aid so readily from my Hive at this time.”
“That’s fine! I wanted to pay you anyways. It wouldn’t be right otherwise.”
Erin smiled brightly at Klbkch.
“How much are we talking about here? I’ve got lots of gold coins.”
“I believe three hundred and twenty eight gold coins would be sufficient for this work.”
Erin paused. She stuck a finger in one ear and wiggled it around. But reality didn’t change, although she did find some earwax.
“Um. That’s…a lot.”
Klbkch nodded.
“Yes. Sadly, if we acquire useable wood from the forest of ah, ‘boom trees’, there is the matter of construction, hiring the Antinium, glass for the windows…”
“But three hundred—”
“Part of the cost—six silver coins out of every twenty—is given to Liscor under our treaty with the city. It is a non-negotiable tax.”
“That’s highway robbery!”
“No. That is our agreement. But it drives prices higher, as does a standing law that requires me to charge you for work outside of the city’s limits, as well as the necessity of guarding said Workers while they go about their tasks. To construct a third floor and expand your inn is a difficult task, Erin. Building a new home of quality would normally cost around two hundred gold coins in itself.”
Erin put her head in her hands. She didn’t have that money. She had a lot of money, but that…no. She stared at Klbkch.
“It’s the glass that’s expensive, isn’t it?”
He nodded.
“Each window costs approximately eight gold coins.”
Erin said a bad word. And then told Mrsha it was a bad word. The Gnoll nodded appreciatively as Erin sighed over the cost.
“What’s the problem?”
Someone came over to their table. Ryoka was gulping down water as Lyonette refilled her glass. She heard Erin’s woes out and barely listened to the issue of money before she nodded.
“I’ll pay for it, Erin. Go ahead and get everything built.”
Erin gaped at Ryoka.
“What? But Ryoka, it’s so expensive—”
The Runner shrugged carelessly. She sipped from her glass as Mrsha tried to leap onto her shoulder and failed. The Gnoll splatted onto the ground and went howling over to Lyonette, who scolded her about being reckless before cuddling her.
