4.12
Page 3
It was an incredible Skill with several caveats. You couldn’t have more than one effect at once, it wore off in a few hours, the food spoiled quickly, and Erin had to make it. Her or someone else with [Wondrous Fare]. And it was the exact sort of thing an adventurer might want, especially going into a dungeon. However…
“I’m not sure if they’ll conflict with our potions.”
Jelaqua had asked Erin to make her some of the Scale Soup, but she hadn’t had a chance to test it yet. She paced around the room, understandably anxious.
“Wouldn’t that be wonderful? Erin’s magical cooking helps all the low-level adventurers who can’t afford better enchantments, but we…”
Ulrien ignored his counterpart. The Halfseekers seemed used to Jelaqua’s emotions, but Griffon Hunt was methodical. He nodded to the others.
“I want to talk with the leader of Vuliel Drae. See if he can describe these Gnoll-like monsters. I hear they brought back a head.”
Seborn nodded.
“Some of the Gnolls were quite agitated when they saw it. They may know more.”
“I’ll inquire about it.”
Halrac left with Seborn, the two being the most knowledgeable about the monsters. Ulrien and Jelaqua went to track down the leader of the adventurers who’d gone into the dungeon.
“They’re probably at the bottom of a barrel of ale and celebrating. Still, I want to know what it was like in detail.”
That left Typhenous, Revi, and Moore. Ryoka was surprised the [Mages] didn’t have their own duties, but then she saw all of them sitting down and eating Erin’s magical food, with varied degrees of enjoyment.
“See, I can make the Corusdeer Soup into a patty. And the uh, Scale Soup becomes…”
Revi paused as something went crack inside her mouth. She spat out what she’d eaten and stared at a hard fragment in horror.
“Ew! What is that?”
“A uh, Stonelizard scale. But I boiled it!”
“Is that lemon and mint? And…fish?”
“It tastes better than it does as a soup!”
“Gah. That’s hardly an improvement.”
Revi made a face. Moore, chewing down his food, shrugged his huge shoulders.
“You must admit it still tastes a thousand times better than some potions.”
“True. Now, to see how it might conflict with spellcasting and other enchantments.”
Typhenous pushed his plate back and began rummaging at his belt for a potion. Ryoka turned to the Horns of Hammerad, who’d been talking amongst themselves.
“How are you all doing?”
“We’re wondering whether we should be looking into this dungeon too, honestly.”
Ceria confessed to Ryoka as she watched Typhenous carefully imbibing part of a potion and making a disgusted face. She sighed as she scratched at her bone hand. Ryoka looked at her hand and then glanced at her missing fingers.
“It sounds intense down there. I hope you’re thinking it over carefully.”
The half-Elf nodded seriously.
“We learned our lesson once, Yvlon and I. But honestly Ryoka, there’s not much else we can do around here. Monster hunting around Liscor isn’t exactly a lucrative business, especially in the winter. Plus, I’ve seen Rock Crabs and I don’t want to tangle with them, even with our new gear. We could look for work around Celum thanks to the magical door, but…”
She shrugged, making a face.
“We’re talking it over. Which reminds me, we need to pay you…”
“I’d like to say it was between friends, but I wouldn’t say no to gold either. Still, you did get Erin back to Liscor for me…”
“We owed her for that. Come on, if you want one of our artifacts or the gold that [Enchanter] gave you…”
Ryoka was sorely tempted to see what she might ask for, but she had something else on her mind right how. She hesitated.
