4.13 L
Page 2
And then Pawn had begun painting his Soldiers, or rather, letting them paint themselves. It was their identity, and perhaps the single greatest idea Pawn had ever had. Perhaps the greatest idea any Worker had ever had, come to that. Because the Soldiers could not speak. They could not name themselves and Pawn had agonized over that fact. How could they be remembered without an identity, especially because they all looked the same, even to Pawn?
With paint. That was how. The paint was thick, water-resistant, and Pawn had bought enough of it from Krshia to let the Soldiers reapply it to their armored carapaces whenever they wanted. And he had let them paint themselves. So each Soldier that walked behind Pawn stood out. And the people noticed.
“There they are again. Damn bugs.”
A group of elderly Drakes sat at a table outside of one of the taverns, watching the Antinium wait for a wagon to be unloaded. They could move past, but Pawn didn’t want to spook the Drakes and Gnolls who were working. They were already moving double-time to get out of the Soldiers’ way.
In the meantime, the Drakes who’d taken issue with the Soldiers talked, and Pawn listened to them complain. They were old. Their scales were discolored in places by age and faded by time. These old Drakes often sat outside, Pawn knew. They seemed unaffected by the cold, or perhaps it was because they sipped spicy alcoholic beverages in the morning. They always had something to say about the Soldiers, too.
“Every day that Worker brings them this way. Now they’re blocking my view of the street too. Ruins my morning.”
“What morning? You barely wake up before noon.”
“Shut up, Shadowspine. I rise at the crack of dawn—”
“Hah!”
“—at the crack of dawn I say, and if I have to crane my neck every time a band of those black giants passes by—”
“You barely turn your head when your grandchildren come by. You’re just sore because I won five silver from you last night over dice.”
“It was a bad toss! You barely rattled the dice around, you cheating—”
Two of the Drakes sitting at the table began arguing and throwing things at each other. They bickered loudly as Pawn passed by. But another of the Drakes sitting at the table, an old female Drake with grey-green scales peered intently at the group of Soldiers.
“There he is. See?”
“What?”
The two arguing male Drakes turned their heads. The female Drake smiled.
“The one with yellow paint. See? I saw him yesterday.”
Pawn didn’t have to look to know which Soldier she was talking about. One of the Soldiers marching behind him had yellow splatters of paint all over his carapace, as if someone had thrown globs of paint at him. In fact, that was exactly what had happened.
The old Drakes stared at the Soldier in question. One of them, the alleged cheater, coughed and grumbled.
“So? He looks silly. What did that one do, trip and knock paint all over himself?”
“Hush.”
The other Drake turned and flicked her tail, smacking the speaker in the chest with her tail. Pawn was impressed. Drakes had a good amount of control over their tails, but this old Drake seemed quite adept with hers.
“I like him.”
“Pah! That’s all you know, Shivertail.”
The old Drake that apparently woke up at the crack of dawn cast his eyes across the group of Soldier. He pointed.
“There! That one’s far better.”
Every head in the group of Drakes turned to stare at the individual the Drake had pointed at. His chest and back was bare, but his arms and legs had been painted with purple slashes of color running from his shoulder down to his legs.
“Now that’s war paint.”
“Bah. What about that one?”
