4.13 L
Page 9
Pawn bowed his head as Tersk strode forwards. Tersk nodded in reply. Pawn had not spoken to any of the special Antinium who had come to visit the Hive, although the others, Belgrade, Anand, Bird, and Garry had all had strange interviews with the other Prognugators.
“How may I help you, Prognugator Tersk?”
“I wish to speak with you, Individual Pawn. I had wished to make your acquaintance when I heard of your existence a few days ago, but I have not seen you about until now.”
“Ah. I have been…busy.”
Tersk nodded.
“Yes. I understand you command a detachment of Soldiers. Tell me, Individual Pawn. How do you feel they would match up against a similar unit of Soldiers from my Hive?”
It was a military question, a question of tactics and analysis. Pawn stared at Tersk blankly and shrugged.
“I don’t know.”
The armored Prognugator paused. He seemed surprised by Pawn’s response.
“You don’t know? But you have levels in [Tactician].”
“Only a few. I have not fought, Prognugator Tersk. And I do not know the capabilities of your Soldiers.”
“Ah. I understand. I will signal my Soldiers to approach.”
Tersk turned his head and to Pawn’s surprise, took his mace and struck his shield with it, making a dull metallic beat that sounded like some sort of signal. And in less than a second, two Soldiers appeared, striding into the room and halting behind Tersk.
Why hadn’t he used Klbkch and Ksmvr’s inaudible way of signaling Antinium, like the Queen? Pawn’s eyes went to Tersk’s helmeted head. Oh. He didn’t have antennae.
“Here are two examples of my Hive for you, Pawn.”
Tersk indicated the two Soldiers, and Pawn noted that these Soldiers had a greatsword and a spear respectively. They stood completely still, staring ahead like Pawn’s Soldiers.
“We are the Armored Antinium, the sole Hive to use steel and metal to reinforce our bodies. We fight with weapons because they are more efficient, and allow for greater survivability of each individual in combat. We fight in formation, and are adept at battle above and below-ground. Now that you have analyzed these two Soldiers, tell me, what chance would your special unit have against them?”
“Well, there are two of them and I have over two hundred Soldiers under my command. I think we would win.”
Pawn’s reply made Tersk pause again.
“I was referring to an engagement of equal numbers.”
“Oh. In that case I don’t know.”
Pawn stared at Tersk, almost daring the Prognugator to ask another question as Tersk paused. He didn’t know why he was feeling hostile towards Tersk. Maybe it was because Tersk wasn’t fighting and Belgrade had been. Even Klbkch was leading the Antinium, when he wasn’t above-ground. But what had Tersk done for Pawn? According to Garry, all he did was wander around and ask questions. He had armor and a mace. He could be fighting!
“I understand your assessment capabilities are somewhat limited, Individual Pawn. I ask these questions to ascertain how your Hive capabilities match my own. It is a matter of strategic importance.”
“I have not heard of your Hive, Prognugator Tersk. But I am sure it is a capable one. However, I have never seen another Hive besides my own or other Antinium until recently.”
“Yes. Contact between the Hives is limited. That is a situation I feel must be rectified if we are to combine efforts.”
Tersk nodded repeatedly. He seemed so serious. Pawn felt a bit bad for being deliberately obtuse. But then Tersk turned to Pawn and began asking more questions.
“What is your class? What do you do besides lead Soldiers, Individual Pawn?”
