4.13 L
Page 10
Why did he keep calling Pawn that? The minute tolerance Pawn had felt evaporated. He answered shortly.
“I am an [Acolyte]. I pray.”
“An [Acolyte]?”
“Yes. Would you like me to repeat myself?”
Tersk paused, and his mandibles clicked together inside his helmet.
“I am unfamiliar with this class. I take it that it is unusual?”
“Yes.”
Perhaps unique. Why was Tersk asking all these questions? Pawn…didn’t feel like talking at this moment. Even to a Prognugator. It was an insidious, rebellious thought, he knew, but Tersk wasn’t his Prognugator. And Pawn hadn’t cared for Ksmvr, his former Prognugator, either. Why did he have to obey anyone, for that matter? Why did he have to obey Klbkch?
Oh. Right. He had swords. And Tersk had a mace. And two large armored Soldiers following him. Pawn grudgingly continued to talk rather than walk away.
“And what is prayer?”
“It is believing in something. It is believing, and having faith that something is true.”
Tersk waited, but that was the only answer Pawn was going to give him. The Worker crossed his arms, and Tersk noted that.
“Ah. And is this prayer activity enjoyable?”
“Not really. Not all the time.”
Tersk paused.
“It is helpful in some way?”
“Sometimes.”
There was no way of knowing. Pawn had prayed the day Soldiers lay dying, clinging to life after trying to kill themselves. Had more survived because he had prayed while trying to keep them alive? Did a prayer do anything? Pawn asked those questions every day, but he still prayed. He prayed that there was a meaning to prayer itself.
“I see. In that case, perhaps you will instruct me in the method of this prayer activity at a later date. It sounds intriguing.”
That surprised Pawn.
“Why? I doubt it would be useful to you, Tersk.”
Tersk nodded, looking thoughtful.
“The utility of this activity does not concern me, so much as the value of entertainment derived from it. You see, the Prognugator class is meant to oversee, to learn. However, one of the failings of my station is the nature of boredom.”
“You get bored?”
Tersk paused, and seemed to grow a bit guarded.
“At times. I serve my Queen best when my mind is alert. To that end, I require mental stimulation. It is a careful balance of factors that contributes to my most efficacious state. But another question. You are assigned to combat the monsters attacking from Liscor’s dungeon tomorrow.”
“Yes I am.”
“How do you believe your detachment of Soldier will fare—”
“No clue.”
The two Antinium stood in silence for a minute. Tersk stared at Pawn.
“Do you not wish to tell me your evaluation, Individual Pawn? If so, I must ask why—”
That was it. Pawn raised his voice slightly.
“I don’t know. I told you, I cannot make such judgments.”
“But surely, based on your previous experience—”
“I have never fought monsters from the dungeon.”
The Armored Antinium stopped.
“Oh. But surely you are aware of the dangers of the dungeon?”
“Of course I know. But I have never been assigned there myself.”
Tersk paused.
“Ah.”
How could Pawn not know? He knew Workers were assigned to construct defenses, shore up and fortify tunnels, all while Soldiers fought and died. He knew how many died each day. He could see the empty spot in the barracks. But he had never been there, never really thought about the cost. They were all Antinium, and they died for the Hive. That was all. It hadn’t really mattered so long as the Hive was fine, in Pawn’s mind.
Until now.
Tersk looked at Pawn, calculating, and then turned his head to look around the chess room.
