4.14 L
Page 13
And then she told him about what each religion did, how they differed. Erin had told Pawn about people eating Jesus in the form of bread—Ryoka explained the difference between transubstantiation and consubstantiation. But what was far more important than terms was how each religion worked.
“They eat braided bread instead of wafers?”
“Braided bread. Yes. That would be…challah. I think that’s what it’s called.”
Ryoka frowned, nodding to herself.
“It’s more of a food than wafers, you understand. The Jewish people will eat it on special occasions, not just before communion.”
Pawn nodded. Ideas were flashing through his head like the stars in the sky.
“Do you know how to make it?”
“Make it?”
Ryoka blinked, astounded. Pawn nodded seriously.
“I should like to try some. And…yes, perhaps I can speak to Lyonette or Erin about obtaining honey. It is not the same as wine, but I believe it may be cheaper and more palatable to the Antinium. A tiny bit of bread will not upset our systems.”
“Wait. You want bread and honey? For a communion?”
The Asian girl was blinking and frowning.
“I thought you didn’t believe in the Bible. Why adopt a religious service like it?”
Pawn looked blankly at Ryoka and shook his head sadly. She was so knowledgeable, but she did not understand.
“Because it is a religious service. Clearly, there is merit in it. So the Antinium must have the same. Not the exact same of course, since we will not worship that God. But it is a good idea.”
Ryoka was doing the open-mouthed thing again. She spoke slowly.
“You’re going to…steal the ideas of Judaism? Wait, not steal, but copy?”
Pawn nodded as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
“Of course. And I would like to hear of non-Abrahamic religions, please. If Christianity is not the only religion, then I must hear of them all. All Human religions. Because there is so much wonder in the stories Erin told me, of God and his people. Surely there must be similar wonders in every religion. I wish to hear of it all. So I can take what the Antinium can use.”
She blinked at him. And then laughed.
“The Antinium really don’t mind about plagiarism, do they?”
Pawn lifted his mandibles in a smile.
“I do not know what that word means. But we do not shy away from copying what is glorious, what works.”
Ryoka shrugged, cracking her fingers together and making Mrsha jump underneath the table.
“Well then. I’d better get to work.”
 
—-
 
In the end, she spoke for two more hours, until Erin got back. By that point Ryoka was drinking honey water for her throat, as hoarse as she was. But Pawn had heard many good things. Chiefly among them were a few ideas.
“A shrine. Shinto. Buddhist prayer beads. And a Catholic…what did you call it?”
“A censer.”
“Hey Pawn, I talked to Klbkch!”
Erin looked triumphant, but Pawn and Ryoka didn’t glance twice at her.
“Thank you, Erin Solstice.”
“Yeah, thanks Erin. Wait, why do you want a censer, Pawn?”
Crestfallen, Erin stared at Pawn and edged slowly into the table as they kept talking.
“A censer is a powerful tool, or so it seems to me. It is different from a cross in that it has a physical presence.”
“From the incense.”
“Yes. I would like to have one, possibly on a chain as you described. That would be very convenient.”
“Uh…technically, that’s a thurible. If a censer has chains, it’s called a thurible. Sorry.”
Ryoka looked embarrassed to have contributed the detail, but Pawn nodded his head gravely.
“I will commit that to memory. Do you know how to make one?”
