4.14 L
Page 11
“You are misunderstanding my question. I said, what would you give someone who had one day to live? Not years. Not decades. One. Day. One day total. Someone who came into existence and will die within hours of waking.”
Ryoka’s eyes widened.
“You mean—a Soldier? A Worker? One of the Antinium?”
“Yes.”
The word was bitter on Pawn’s mandibles. He broke off a leg of the dead Ashfire bee, stared at it as he spoke.
“You Humans live for years, do you not? In most cases, you live at least until you are ten, many twice that age. Some live for nearly a century. Other races live longer, others shorter. But the lifespan of an Antinium may be a single day. Or less.”
“You mean they’re born and are fully cognizant the instant they come out?”
Ryoka seemed fascinated, but she was missing the point. Pawn nodded.
“The instant a Soldier emerges, he is expected to fight and serve his Hive. He may be sent into battle minutes after he is born. What can he have in those minutes, if not faith that he is dying for a reason?”
“For his Hive, you mean. For his queen.”
“Yes. But it is not enough. If the Soldier lives, he will fight every day for his Hive. Fight and die, Ryoka Griffin. That is his fate. Fight and die. What can you give him? Money? He has nowhere to spend it. Family? He will never reproduce, and his brethren die with him. An experience? He has never seen the sky.”
The young woman sat across from Pawn, staring at him as if she were looking at something horrible or tragic. Pawn felt something surging in his body, something dark, but also…
“You tell me faith is not needed. I disagree. When Erin told me of God, of Heaven, it was important. It was necessary. Because what else can the Antinium cling to? What can I give the Soldiers who died for me, if not hope of a place to rest? What can I give a Soldier who will die in moments, if not faith? Tell me, Ryoka Griffin. Why is faith meaningless to the Antinium?”
She had no reply. She sat back, looking stunned, and then ashamed. When she did speak, minutes later, it was humbly.
“I’m wrong.”
Pawn nodded.
“Yes. You are.”
She nodded as well.
“I didn’t know about how the Antinium lived. I guessed, but…I’m sorry about that. I’d change it if I could, how your people live. And you’re right—religion is important. Especially to your people. I…think I’d forgotten that. If I ever knew. But it doesn’t change the fact that faith is dangerous in this world. Faith in a god is dangerous, Pawn. Can you understand that?”
He reached for his mug and drank slowly.
“I understand that you and Revalantor Klbkch fear Gods. You fear one of them. Are there living Gods in this world, then?”
Ryoka jumped and looked around. Pawn lowered his mug.
“It is not a difficult thing to surmise. But it is curious. I believe in Gods…but you and Revalantor Klbkch know one exists.”
“So you do believe.”
The young woman was intent on Pawn.
“Are you a believer in Christianity, then? Are you…spreading the word of the Bible?”
Pawn paused. He shook his head.
“I believe in Jesus Christ. I believe he was born of the Virgin Mary. I believe he suffered under Pontius Pilate. I believe he was buried. I believe he descended into hell and returned. I believe he is a God. But I believe he is not my God.”
Ryoka’s jaw dropped. She struggled for words.
“How? If you can believe…how?”
Pawn shrugged.
“It is simple. He is not my God. He is yours. When God created the earth, he created animals and Humans, the earth, the sky and stars and sea. But he did not create the Antinium, Ryoka Griffin. I know this. Because we created ourselves.”
“Oh.”
