4.14 L
Page 9
“What happened Pawn? Was it bad? Why did Klbkch tell you to fight?”
“It was…”
He couldn’t talk about the Hive. Or how the Antinium were barely holding back the monsters. But the dead. Pawn closed his mandibles and looked down at the cooling bee.
“I let them down. They died to protect me. A quarter. They died, Erin. For me.”
“What? Who died, Pawn? Belgrade? Anand? Who?”
Erin leaned over Pawn, looking anxious, worried. That filled Pawn with something too, something bright, but also painful. He shook his head.
“Not them. My people. They…I put them on the walls.”
Erin and Ryoka exchanged a glance. Pawn knew he wasn’t making sense. He tried to explain as best he could.
“You were fighting? Monsters?”
“From where?”
Ryoka stared intently at Pawn, but he couldn’t answer. He told Erin how he’d drawn the symbols of his dead Soldiers on the walls when he started shaking. He couldn’t help it.
“I am sorry. It is just—”
“Don’t be sorry.”
Erin hugged him tightly, so tight that Pawn felt the shaking stop, as if she’d used a Skill. But her warmth was simple, plain. It was better than magic, more mysterious than a Skill. Erin stood up, looking angry and upset.
“I’m going to talk with Klbkch. I’m going to tell him he can’t make Pawn and his Soldiers do this!”
“Wait a second, Erin—”
Ryoka rose, grabbing at her friend’s arm, but Erin shook her off.
“Don’t argue with me, Ryoka! This is wrong! Pawn, you sit right here. You don’t have to worry about fighting and dying, okay? I’ll take care of it.”
She practically ran out of the door, despite Ryoka’s attempts to stop her. Cursing, the girl returned to her seat and looked at Pawn.
“Damnit, I hope she doesn’t try to storm the Hive.”
“Revalantor Klbkch is most likely on duty as a [Guardsman] in the city at the moment.”
“Oh? Who’s defending the Hive, then? I assume the monsters are still around.”
Pawn froze. Would it be Belgrade? But no—he was resting.
“I—I do not know. Perhaps Xrn?”
But that didn’t feel right. Who led the hive when Klbkch could not, and when Belgrade and Anand were out of commission? It had to be—
The Queen. Did she lead the Hive? She must. She must have ordered the Workers and Soldiers to do battle thousands of times before Belgrade and Anand had taken some of the burden away. She had to send them to their deaths, over and over. How could she? How could she not care? Did she know?
The storm of emotions was hidden behind Pawn’s face. Ryoka stared at him.
“I think Erin will get Klbkch to take your unit off the front lines. Erin’s persuasive like that and Klbkch…will probably listen to her. Even if he wouldn’t listen to anyone else.”
Pawn shook his head.
“I wish she would not do that. Revalantor Klbkch…had his reasons for ordering my unit into combat.”
Good ones too. He was right. Pawn’s group of one hundred Soldiers had suffered least out of the groups assigned to combat, and his had fought in one of the most hotly contested areas. His Soldiers were stronger than normal ones. But they had died.
How could he ever ask the Soldiers to fight again? How could he face them? But Ryoka didn’t seem concerned with that. She was staring at Pawn and clearing her throat. He looked at her. She drummed her fingers on the table for a moment.
“Look…Pawn. I’ve wanted to speak to you for a while now. Since Erin’s gone, now’s the best time. I know you’re upset, but you and I have to speak now about your…beliefs.”
Pawn froze. He looked cautiously at Ryoka.
“What do you mean by that?”
She met his eyes levelly.
