4.14 L
Page 4
Lyonette paused feeling angry. It was true Ishkr was free for the moment, he had just worked his entire shift and Safry and Maran had just had lunch! Moreover, why was Maran’s first response to ask someone else to do the work?
“Ishkr needs to have his lunch break. You just finished yours.”
“But we still have some water left.”
“Some, but we’ll be out soon!”
The Gnolls sitting at the table eyed Lyonette as she went over to argue with Maran. They flicked their eyes at Ishkr, who made some motion behind Lyon’s back she couldn’t see. Maran clearly didn’t want to go.
“It’s cold out there. This isn’t a [Barmaid]’s job, you know.”
“Erin told you you’d be working here, right? This is what we do.”
“I want to talk to Erin about this. This isn’t what I was hired for.”
Lyonette’s patience was at an end. She felt like she was dealing with a child, not an adult.
“You can do it when she comes back. Just go now, please. And take two buckets!”
She thrust another one into the affronted woman’s hand and practically pushed her out the door. Lyonette got back to serving, apologizing to the Gnolls. She waited for Maran to come back. And waited. And waited…
Maran returned after twenty minutes, twice as long as it should have taken, just when Lyonette was about to go look for her. She was irate at having to have carried the buckets up the hill in the snow. And they weren’t fully filled!
Lyonette bit back her words when she saw Maran’s face and instead thanked her. Twelve minutes later, she wished she could have taken back the thanks when Safry began to complain about Mrsha.
“Hey, can you do something about her?”
She was pointing at Mrsha as the Gnoll tried to sneak up on the group of Gnolls. They were letting her do it, and one would turn to stare at her when Mrsha got ready to pounce on a tail. Thereafter Mrsha would run about excitedly. Lyonette saw nothing but pure fun in Mrsha’s game, but Safry was clearly displeased at having to watch to avoid Mrsha being underfoot.
“The kid’s cute, but we’re trying to work. Can’t you make her go upstairs or play outside?”
“Just ask her to move. It’s no problem.”
“She’s in the way every two seconds. Why not let her run outside if she’s so excited?”
Lyonette stared at Safry.
“There are monsters outside. She’s not causing that much trouble and she needs the room.”
Maran spoke up as she swabbed a table. She made a face as she held up a rag full of white hairs.
“She’s getting fur all over the tables and chairs we already cleaned.”
“So? Just clean them again? It’s only a few wipes of the rag.”
The two [Barmaids] looked at each other, clearly displeased. Lyonette had to turn away so they wouldn’t see the look on her face.
Small things. Small things that would go away. That was what she told herself, but then Bird came by and things got…awkward.
He wanted a drink, and he had some birds for Erin. Simple, right? Only Maran and Safry left him sitting until Drassi got a drink, and although Maran had a pitcher of refills, she kept seeming to miss Bird.
“Just fill his cup! What’s the problem?”
“He’s—don’t you think it’s weird? He’s one of them! One of the Antinium!”
It was only then that Lyon realized how clearly uncomfortable Maran and Safry were around Bird. They walked wide of the Antinium, not going near him if they could serve other customers. Drassi and Ishkr were far more relaxed around the Antinium, having seen them before, but Safry and Maran weren’t happy with him around.
“That Antinium in the Horns of Hammerad was one thing, but is he going to be here all the time? He just stares and talks about birds!”
