4.14 L
Page 10
“I mean, I heard from Erin about how she told you about Christianity. About…God. And I had a talk with Klbkch and he says you’re a believer. And you have a class. Is that true?”
If she’d talked to Klbkch, then he could speak to her, right? Pawn hesitated, and then nodded. He lowered his voice, without knowing why. It seemed like something Ryoka would want.
“That is correct. I am a Level 6 [Acolyte]. I received the class after I…prayed and was told of religion and heaven by Erin.”
Why did Ryoka freeze up at that? Her eyes flicked to Lyonette, who was arguing with Safry about a plate Mrsha had accidentally knocked over. Then she looked back at Pawn, seemingly worried.
“An [Acolyte]? Damn. Uh, has Klbkch told you why that’s not a good thing?”
Pawn nodded. Klbkch had indicated it was not, in action as well as word. He’d told Pawn not to speak of gods to anyone. After he’d tried to kill Pawn for knowing about gods in the first place.
“He has expressed his desire to keep such knowledge private. I have done so, and only told you of my class outside of my Hive. However, I do not understand the reason for his distrust of gods.”
“Yeah, well, that’s complicated. If he didn’t tell you, I don’t think I should either.”
Ryoka traced patterns on the table, thinking hard. She hesitated, and looked at Pawn again.
“I uh, can’t say why Pawn, but this faith business is trouble. Klbkch, your Revalantor, agrees with me, and so does your Queen, I think. So…why don’t you just stop praying? It…really doesn’t do much good. Or rather, there are other ways you can help your people.”
Pawn stared at Ryoka. He felt shocked, stunned by the words coming out of her mouth.
“Stop…praying? Stop believing?”
She nodded and leaned over the table.
“Look, it’s not something your people need. A god is important, sure…faith, hell it’s meaningful, but the people of this world have gotten along fine without one for this long. Can’t you, I don’t know, just forget about it?”
Just forget about it. Just forget about Heaven. Forget about god. Forget about—
Something blazed in Pawn. He closed his mandibles, leaned away from Ryoka. When he spoke, his grief was forgotten. It had been replaced by the anger of indignation.
“No.”
Ryoka sighed and scrubbed at her hair.
“Come on. Why do you need to believe? Like I said, it’s really dangerous if it spreads—”
“It is necessary for the Antinium.”
She looked blank.
“Why? Why would believing—”
“You do not know what it means to be Antinium.”
Pawn cut Ryoka off shortly. She did not understand. He tried to tell himself that. And then he realized that was it. She really didn’t understand. Pawn looked at Ryoka, who seemed to be growing more annoyed. She was ignorant.
“Look, I’m trying to be nice, but Klbkch and I agree—”
“What would you give someone with one day to live?”
Pawn stared at Ryoka. She blinked.
“Excuse me?”
“What would you give someone with exactly twenty four hours to live before they died? Someone who knew their death was imminent?”
She stared at him. But unlike Erin, she didn’t question Pawn’s words, but took the query at face value.
“One day? Well, I guess I’d give them what they always dreamed of. Time with their family if they have any, money to do what they wanted…uh, maybe a chance to—”
“No.”
She broke off.
“What?”
Pawn shook his head deliberately. She still did not understand. He spoke carefully, choosing each word to make her comprehend.
