4.14 L
Page 6
This time Erin had left the inn before breakfast had ended. She’d already cooked up days of food in advance, a handy suggestion of Ryoka’s that was convenient all around. But it meant that the Gold-rank adventurers and the Horns of Hammerad were eating at the same time as Zel. And wouldn’t you know it, but Safry and Maran seemed to serve food first to the Gold-rank adventurers and leave Zel for last.
“Hey, you’re not serving Zel first. Bring the sausages to his table—he’s been waiting the longest!”
Lyonette caught Safry’s arm as she went out holding a steaming plate of reheated sausage. The [Barmaid] frowned at Lyon.
“Why? He’ll get some in a minute. But the Gold-rank adventurers are sitting over there, Lyonette!”
“So?”
Safry rolled her eyes.
“So, they might tip us!”
Lyonette paused. She looked accusingly at Safry.
“I thought you told Erin you didn’t get any tips!”
“Well, obviously not from normal folk. But Gold-rank adventurers throw their money around like water, especially for good service! If you smile the right way at some of the men, they’ll give you a gold coin just for serving their table!”
She moved away from Lyonette and to her outrage, served Griffon Hunt first. And indeed, both Safry and Maran flirted with Halrac, Ulrien, and Typhenous, who might have been twice as old as they were! Lyonette nearly swallowed her tongue when she saw that, but according to Safry and Maran, that too was customary.
“You don’t understand how being a [Barmaid] works, Lyonette. You need to pay attention to the most important customer.”
Safry’s arch tone made Lyon want to kick her. She pointed towards Zel, who was eating sausage with Mrsha, oblivious to the drama.
“Oh yeah? Well he’s a Drake [General]. Why don’t you shake your hips for him?”
Both Safry and Maran’s jaws dropped. They exchanged a speculative glance, and then Maran shook her head.
“Eh, I don’t want to flirt with him. What if he took it seriously?”
Safry nodded. Lyon ground her teeth together. It wasn’t the idea of Zel and Maran together that was upsetting her—that was pretty much impossible—it was how Maran had phrased her words.
“What’s wrong with him? What if one of Griffon Hunt took things seriously?”
“Well, that’s different. Obviously.”
Maran looked surprised Lyon had to ask.
“Ulrien and Halrac are fine, and so is the old [Mage], I guess.”
Safry made a face, but nodded reluctantly. Maran cast her eyes over to the other adventurers in the room and shook her head.
“But the half-Giant’s obviously no good, and neither is the fish man. Ugh. No way. And the others are all female…at least there’s that handsome [Mage] sitting with the Horns of Hammerad.”
She pointed to Pisces appreciatively. Lyon stared at Maran, and her dislike of her and Safry grew four times larger in that moment. She smiled bitterly at both of them.
“Who? Pisces? Go ahead if you want. He’s a [Necromancer], you know.”
She left the two horrified women and stomped away.
 
—-
 
Midway through the day, Lyonette paused to check how much water they had left. There was a good amount, but a fit of pique made her go and ask Maran to get more water. She expected the other woman to resist, but she wasn’t expecting an outright refusal. But that was what she got.
“There is no way I’m going out there. Neither is Safry.”
“Why not?”
Maran’s face was set.
“There are fish with teeth in the water. That’s what Erin said! And Rock Crabs? Shield Spiders? I’m not doing it.”
