4.14 L
Page 7
Lyonette stared at her, and realized Maran hadn’t been told of Liscor’s natural hazards before now. Drassi and Ishkr accepted the slight danger as a matter of course, but Maran’s face was white at just the thought of running into one of the monsters.
“Look, Maran, it will be fine. Just take a seed core and—”
“No!”
It was customary now for Lyonette to use some of the wizened, dried-up seed cores that Erin had stored from the blue fruits just in case a Rock Crab showed up. She’d scared one away twice by now, and knew they weren’t a threat if you had your eyes halfway open. But Maran was insistent.
“I’ll get some water from Celum instead.”
“What, from a well there? Fine. But if you’re going—”
“No! I’ll do it like civilized folk do and have it delivered! You can pay to have water barrels sent to your inn or home each day. It’s just a few silver coins—a few more for a fast delivery, but it’s safe.”
Silver coins for water? Lyonette gaped at Maran and then shook her head.
“You can’t do that. Just go and get some water!”
“I won’t. If you need them, get it yourself or get the other two to do it. But Safry and I won’t get water from now on. You can melt snow in the buckets if you want.”
That was it. Lyonette crossed her arms, too frustrated to let this go. She glared at Maran, who was staring hard at Lyon, mouth a firm line.
“We need water, and Erin told you this was part of her job. No one else is getting water, so until you go—”
“I’ll just pay for some water to be delivered here! Erin’s got enough money.”
Maran went over to the bar’s counter and to Lyonette’s horror, opened the lid of the money jar where Erin collected the day’s earnings. She went to stop Maran, but Safry got in her way.
“Erin’s not going to pay for barrels of water when she can just get it from the stream.”
“Well that’s too bad, because I’m not going to get some and risk my life.”
Maran marched over to the door leading to Celum. Before Lyon could stop her, she’d disappeared through with a handful of coins from Erin’s money jar. She came back thirty minutes later, and Lyonette watched six huge barrels of water come through the doorway with butterflies of panic and anger fluttering about in her stomach. She took a deep, shuddering breath, and walked right past Maran’s smug face.
Lyonette was furious Maran had wasted Erin’s money. But deep down she was also pleased. It meant that there would be trouble, and that both [Barmaids] would get what was coming to them. At least, Lyonette hoped that was the case.
“Hey Lyon. Get Mrsha off the table!”
Safry was trying to clear the plates off of one and Mrsha was happily trying to steal scraps. She flicked her hands at Mrsha, trying to shoo her off, but Mrsha just saw that as an invitation to play. Lyonette hurried over and pulled Mrsha away. Safry glared, and Lyonette glared back.
The other woman broke the stare-off by glancing towards the door.
“By the way, one of the Antinium things was here earlier. Not the Bird one…this one called himself Pawn or something.”
“What? Pawn?”
Lyonette dropped Mrsha in her excitement. Pawn was alive! Erin had been so worried.
“Where is he?”
Safry shrugged.
“I don’t know. He was looking for Erin, so I told him to come back later because Erin’s not here. We’re busy cleaning up breakfast, so—”
“No!”
Lyonette clutched at her hair. She screamed at Safry, right in the woman’s surprised face. How could she turn away Pawn, just because she was afraid of the Antinium? He was a guest, and she—
“We always let the Antinium in! Always! Is he still nearby? How far did he go?”
