4.14 L
Page 14
“Make one? Hell, it’s not hard…the trick would be describing it. Look, if you’ve got some parchment and a quill I could—”
“I’ve got one!”
Erin leapt up, surprising Ryoka and Pawn. She ran into the kitchen and came back with the items.
“Here! Draw!”
Ryoka carefully sketched out a censer, and Pawn noted the holes on the top and bottom where the burnt incense’s fragrance would drift outwards. Yes, it was just what he’d imagined.
“I would like to have one. If you will assist me with the plans, I believe I will go to a [Blacksmith] and have one commissioned.”
“If you like…”
“Hey! What about me? I could build one for Pawn!”
Erin interrupted the two, beaming. They looked at her incredulously.
“You could do it, Erin?”
Ryoka was skeptical. Erin blew out her cheeks, exasperated.
“I do have [Advanced Crafting], Pawn. I could build parts of my inn myself but…well, that’s a lot of work. The least I can do is help you build a censer.”
“Thurible. This one has chains.”
Ryoka grinned as Pawn corrected Erin. Erin rolled her eyes and then looked at Ryoka.
“So Ryoka…what does a thurible look like?”
To Pawn’s surprise, there were all the parts Erin needed at hand already. The censer was made, according to Ryoka, to allow the incense to burn and waft out of the container. It required holes, in short, which would also make it ‘holey’ according to Erin. That was apparently a joke that neither Ryoka nor Pawn laughed at.
To build the first prototype of a censer, Erin took to colanders which had been used to strain spaghetti, and put them together. She added a basin to catch the incense and ash that would fall from the bottom colander, and added a chain around the top.
“What do you think? Is that it?”
Ryoka eyed the impromptu thurible skeptically. Erin had used string to tie the basin of the colander to the basin, and she’d put a coal and some sticks of ground-up cinnamon into the colander. Now she picked up the entire affair with another bit of string and swung the censer around gently. Smoke began to drift out of the holes on the top and bottom, bringing a sweet smell that Pawn inhaled slowly.
The Runner coughed as Erin wafted the thurible at her. She waved smoke away from her face.
“It’s…sort of like a thurible, Erin. The real thing would be smaller, and less…unwieldy. Are you sure you have…[Advanced Crafting]?”
Erin glared at Ryoka as Pawn inspected the thurible.
“Hey, I don’t have [Advanced Metalworking] or whatever you need. And I don’t know what a thurible looks like!”
“Well, it’s a good start.”
Ryoka eyed the contraption with quite a bit of reserve, but Pawn shook his head as he carefully lifted the thurible up and examined it. He addressed Erin.
“I believe I can commission a smaller version later, and I will return the colander to you at another time. But for now…this is perfect.”
She beamed at him, and then tugged Ryoka away to whisper to her.
“Psst, Ryoka. What’s a colander?”
“A strainer, Erin. You’ve been using it every time to drain pasta.”
“Oh. Why don’t they just call it a strainer?”
Ryoka sighed, and didn’t bother replying.
By this point, the hours had worn on and it was approaching dinner. Pawn sat at his table, feeling better. A thurible. And there were all sorts of things Ryoka had mentioned. This might help—
He paused. It would not help the Soldiers. They would still fight and die. His prayers…could not change fate.
