4.15 L
Page 17
“Yes, he did. It was curious.”
Klbkch answered shortly, exhausted and tired as he was from fighting. He noticed Xrn staring at him in concern and straightened a bit.
“What was so odd about it?”
“Many things. Pawn requested to be assigned to combat duty with his entire unit of Soldiers.”
Xrn stared at Klbkch. Electric flashes of yellow alarm shot through the green nebula of surprise filling her eyes.
“All of them?”
“That is what I said.”
Klbkch turned to look at Xrn. Surprise was written across the Small Queen’s face, a rare sight. Her voice trembled a bit as she asked the next question.
“When is he to go into battle?”
Klbkch smiled.
“Right now.”
 
—-
 
The Hive. Workers and Soldiers marched in an unending flow down one of the tunnels. One of many in the Hive. Despite the Antinium’s reputation for silence, the hallways were still filled with sound. The echoes of footfalls, the shifting of bodies—these were all sounds that occupied the air.
There were no voices, though. The sounds of footfalls, of bodies moving and the air rustling was just noise. There was a kind of silence even when Soldiers were rushing down the tunnels. The silence of those without words.
And then the silence was broken. A single sound suddenly pierced the repetitive noises, a distinctive aberration.
Click.
The sound echoed down the corridor, causing the lines of Soldiers and Workers to slow. It was a sound none of them had heard, not like this.
Click.
It was too loud, and it echoed. It was not the click of a single mandible, but countless ones. It was a strange sound, and all the Workers and Soldiers looked around for the source.
Click.
There it was again. Now all heads turned to look down the corridor. The Antinium stopped. They looked. And then they stared.
Someone was walking down the hallway. It was a small shape, like the others. And not.
A Worker walked slowly down the lines of Antinium, the others parting before him. He held something in his hands. A censer, bound by string. A thurible, leaking smoke that smelled like nothing the other Antinium had ever experienced.
The incense drifted as the Antinium slowly shook the thurible. He walked forwards, and smoke drifted past him like mist.
And others followed. Soldiers, the painted few walked, stepping, stopping, following in the Worker’s wake. And then the other Antinium heard it.
Click.
Each time they stepped, the Soldier’s mandible clicked together, making that distinctive sound. They made that sound. The Soldier, who had no voice. Yet the sound was an echo, a thunder.
A word for the voiceless.
And then those around the Worker heard something else. A resonance. A feeling in the air. Quiet. It came from the Worker.
He was…humming. The other Antinium had never heard a sound like it. Pawn’s voice was low, deep, and resonant. It should not have filled the huge tunnel, but it did.
Click.
Each Soldier’s mandible snapped together at the same time. The sound was louder than any Rock Crab could ever make, a snap that broke the air and echoed for miles in the Hive.
Click.
Another step.
Click.
The Antinium parted, and Pawn and the painted Soldiers followed him. Workers and Soldiers alike paused in their duty, going to war, carrying supplies, going to rest. Each one saw something, heard something they had never experienced in that moment.
Each one.
“I do not understand.”
Tersk clutched at his bare chest. His hands met only chitin, and he stared as Belgrade used his two good arms to support himself against a wall. Tersk’s voice was hoarse, strained.
