4.15 L
Page 13
“That is a false argument. You were created for the role. You are one of the Centenium, a Prognugator. You are a leader. I am not like you. I cannot do what you do. I cannot…lead an army. I cannot lead a single Worker.”
“But you are a [Tactician] as well, are you not? Like Belgrade and Anand. If they lead, why will you not?”
“Because a [Tactician] orders Soldiers to fight and die! I cannot do that. I can only stand and let the Soldiers fight themselves. But I cannot—I am not like Belgrade or Anand. I do not see the link between the chess board and reality! I have no talent for it, do you understand?”
Pawn cried out. He uncurled from his ball and stood up, shaking.
“What kind of a [General] sits and hides behind his Soldiers and does nothing. What kind of leader would do that?”
Xrn stared at him. Pawn was breathing heavily, his mandibles closing and parting.
“I cannot fight. If I did—my Soldiers would die protecting me. I have no talent for it. I cannot lead. I cannot order them to battle. I have no talent for that either. I can only ask them to die for me. I can do nothing else. What can I give them?”
Something in Pawn whispered. Faith. Hope. Identity. He forced the feeling down. It wasn’t enough. It was enough to live for, but not enough to ask them to die for. Xrn shook her head. She did not know either. The part of Pawn that had hoped she would curled up in despair again.
“I have no answer. But you cannot hide from your duty forever.”
“Why? What is my duty? Is it to my Queen? My Hive?”
Xrn nodded.
“Partly. But you have a greater duty still, Pawn of the Free Antinium. The duty all Antinium share.”
“What is that?”
“The duty of the Antinium, Pawn, is to survive. We go to war, we struggle, and we die, all for the same purpose. That some may live. That one may live. All this time, across thousands of miles and an ocean, we have come for one reason. To survive.”
It was the same phrase, the same idea, wrapped up differently. Pawn turned away, bitter.
“At what cost?”
“Anything less than the whole of our species is acceptable.”
“Not to me. Go away.”
He turned back to his cubicle. He felt Xrn’s eyes watching him. Eventually she left. And once again, Pawn went to find Erin.
 
—-
 
He didn’t find her. Erin was in the city, screaming at and being screamed at by a Miss Agnes and other people named Safry and Maran, according to the Drake who greeted him at the door. He sat miserably in the inn, not touching his food until Zel found him.
“You look like chewed up Creler bait. Pawn, right?”
He didn’t know why, but the Drake [General] sat with him, waiting for Pawn to speak. Pawn wanted to and feared to at the same time. He looked sideways at Zel.
“I thought you did not like Antinium.”
The Drake coughed a few times.
“True. But Erin and Lyonette happened to mention you led some soldiers into battle for the first time a few days ago. I’ve been there. I thought I might…listen. That’s all.”
Pawn stared at him, at Zel Shivertail a [General], a Drake hero. The words tumbled out too fast for him to stop.
“I let them die. They were defending me and—”
“Stop.”
Zel made Pawn stop and repeat the story from the start. The Drake shook his head.
“Sounds like every story I’ve heard. You went in, you fought. And some of your soldiers died. There’s not a commander on the continent that hasn’t felt like you have.”
“Really?”
Pawn sat up a bit. Zel nodded seriously.
