4.15 L
Page 5
More guests arrived from Liscor. Erin’s inn was developing a reputation as a hangout for adventurers, and also as the only place you could get good, cheap honey, aside from buying it from a certain Gnoll. Lyonette hadn’t gone on a run to the Ashfire Bee hive in a while, and she worried she might run out.
But there were bigger problems to deal with at the moment. Drakes and Gnolls had come into the inn, some to play chess, others to enjoy an inn not completely full to the rafters, as many inns were in Liscor at the moment. Some wanted to go through to Celum. In any event, the inn was bustling before the sun had yet to fall far in the sky.
By now there was an invisible line across the inn. Maran and Safry circulated the tables where the Humans sat, chatting, laughing with them, while Lyonette, Ishkr and Drassi tried to cover all tables equally. But because the two Human [Barmaids] were focused only on half of the room, the non-Human staff and Lyonette had to focus more on their side. And the guests noticed.
They weren’t idiots. And they had eyes. More than a few Drakes glared and some of the Gnolls sniffed and muttered quietly under their breaths, words only they and the other Gnolls could hear, which made Ishkr bare his teeth.
“Hey yo!”
Erin came back at the best and worst time possible. The best time because things were really heating up and every hand was needed. Safry and Maran’s pull for humanity had resulted in more people coming through via the group effect—if everyone was here, something good had to be happening—and that was on top of a weekend crowd!
It was also bad because Lyonette didn’t have a chance to pull her aside and talk about Safry and Maran. Oh, but it was going to happen soon! At any moment! As soon as she got more water, filled a few drinks, served five plates of piping hot pepper Corusdeer steaks—
“Drassi, you serve drinks, Ishkr, can you see if we have more of the Fireshot kegs in the basement? Safry, I need you to serve the Drakes. Just memorize where they’re sitting and—”
Lyonette was ordering everyone around, backed up by the knowledge that Erin was watching. However, Safry balked when she realized Lyonette hadn’t given herself a task at this busiest point.
“What are you going to do? I’ve got my hands full!”
Lyonette pointed to the stairs where she’d seen a furry white Gnoll head giving her imploring looks.
“I’ve got to feed Mrsha. She’s hungry and she needs a snack.”
“Her? Let her wait! Half of the room has an order.”
That was a good suggestion, a decent one. And because it came from Safry, Lyonette refused to consider it.
“I’ll be back in ten minutes.”
“You can’t just—”
“Hey, what’s the problem?”
For the first time, their argument had attracted Erin’s attention. Or it would be more accurate to say, this was the first time she’d been in the inn while a disagreement took place. And it was hard for Erin to miss the two [Barmaids] scowling at each other as the room heaved with work to be done.
Lyon opened her mouth to explain, but Safry beat her to it.
“Erin, Lyonette told me she’s going upstairs to take a break!”
Erin’s mouth opened. Lyon was faster.
“To feed Mrsha!”
“Oh, well then—”
“She can do that later, surely. And she’s been giving us orders all day!”
“Why’s that—”
“I’ve been trying to work with Safry and Maran, but they—”
“We haven’t been the ones letting that Gnoll run around—”
Safry was jabbing a finger at Lyon and Lyonette was trying to speak to Erin and butt Safry out of the conversation. Erin looked helplessly between the two and then raised her voice.
“Enough!”
