4.15 L
Page 19
A Worker. Soldier with a Damaged Antennae stared at him. The Worker had something that smoked and gave off a pleasant smell in his hand. He caught Soldier with a Damaged Antennae and spoke to him.
“You will not die. Have faith.”
He was small, but he walked among the monsters without fear. The Worker carried Soldier with a Damaged Antennae back, as the painted Soldiers fought around him. He prayed, and told the injured Soldier he would live.
And the Soldier believed. That day he lived. And when he looked up, chest clumsily bandaged, he saw the painted Soldiers marching back. And the Worker was leading them. He might have said otherwise, but they followed him.
Because they had faith.
 
—-
 
That night, Pawn sat outside of the Wandering Inn, in the snow. Not much snow; it had been mostly cleared away. But there was no room inside the inn, not for more than a hundred Soldiers.
He scraped the bottom of his bowl. Today had been bee soup, thick with butter and fat. It was good, and Pawn had eaten his first bowl. He looked around and saw most of the other Soldiers had done the same. But none would speak up, or move. They probably thought that was all.
“Erin made plenty of soup. There’s enough for everyone to have as much as they want, okay?”
The Soldiers looked at him. No one moved, not even Yellow Spatters. Pawn smiled a bit. Ah, well, bravery in battle was one thing. He raised his hand.
“I believe we shall all have seconds, Lyonette.”
“Coming up!”
The young woman smiled and came over with a hot bowl, served fresh from the series of pots Erin had made up. She filled Pawn’s bowl, did the same for all the Soldiers nearby, and then paused in front of a bulkier Antinium.
“A bowl of soup, Prognugator Tersk?”
“I…yes, please.”
Tersk held out his bowl and let Lyonette fill it. Some of the soup got on his chest, but that was fine because as he pointed out to Lyon, he was not wearing his armor.
He had not been wearing his armor for a while. That might have been because his chest was still damaged from battle, but Pawn thought there was another reason.
Now Tersk approached Pawn and sat awkwardly with him and the other Soldiers. He stared around the quiet hilltop, and then spoke.
“I suggest using the remains of these Shield Spiders to construct armor for your Soldiers.”
Straight and to the point. Pawn nodded in approval of the idea.
“Do you know how to make such armor, Prognugator Tersk? I do not, although I would gladly like to learn how.”
Tersk nodded and hesitated.
“The Armored Antinium do not have enough metal to outfit all of our Soldiers. Thus, we use materials like monster hides, or bark to outfit our Workers and some of our Soldiers. That is a secret my Queen would not wish me to speak of, lest the other Hives hear of it.”
“Ah.”
“Yes.”
They sat together. At last, Tersk sighed.
“I believe I will regret leaving this place. But it is necessary. My Hive must know of what the Free Antinium have done.”
“Yes. I also believe imbibing some of Erin’s magical cooking will help with protecting my Soldiers.”
“Indeed. And if I may take the recipe for this…‘bee soup’ with me, I believe my Queen will rejoice.”
“I think so, Prognugator Tersk.”
Pawn sipped at his soup. It was good. He looked across his ranks of Soldiers. Some were injured, but all had wanted to be here. Some were missing. They now rested on the walls of the barracks.
It hurt. It hurt so much. But they had saved lives. They had fought. This was Pawn’s duty. He bowed his head and Tersk looked at him.
“What are you thinking, Pawn?”
“Nothing, Tersk. I am praying.”
“Oh.”
