4.15 L
Page 16
“I will pray.”
 
—-
 
They were waiting for him when he returned. They had been there, waiting. He had left them, but they had not left. They had faith he would return.
Would that he had the same. Pawn stood before his Soldiers and raised his voice. He looked among them, each one different, and each one unique. Precious.
Irreplaceable.
“We will go back into battle.”
They did not stir. This was not a surprise to them. They accepted death like life. But Pawn had to explain.
“I do not wish for any of you to die. I would rather die than let that happen.”
They did stir then. The Soldiers looked at Pawn. He bowed his head.
“You are not just Soldiers to me. You are my people. You should not die. But if you do not fight, others of our kind will die. Either way, we die. We as the Antinium die.”
The Soldiers looked at each other. Pawn stared down at them.
“To fight is to die, and that is unbearable. But to do nothing is worse still. If we can fight to protect our people, so that others may live, it is right.”
They did not nod. But each one of them agreed in his own way. Pawn nodded.
“But I cannot command. I am no [General], no [Tactician], and no [Mage]. I cannot do anything for you.”
Silence. Pawn stared at the Soldiers, who looked back. Confused. If he would not lead, who would? The Antinium needed a leader. When Pawn spoke next, it was a whisper.
“You. Step forwards.”
He pointed at one of the Antinium, the one with yellow spatters of paint. The Soldier stepped forwards slowly. He was a Soldier like the others. But he had been one of the first Pawn had led above. He had survived. And a Drake grandmother recognized him. These were all small reasons. But enough.
“I am not worthy of a command. I do not know war. But you do. You have fought longer than I have. You know battle. You know each other. So come. Step forwards.”
The Soldier approached. Pawn walked towards him, and put a hand on the Soldier’s chest. The Soldier stared down at him. Pawn’s voice was trembling.
“As Individual Pawn, given command of this unit of Soldiers, I, with the authority of my Hive, promote you. You are no longer a [Soldier]. You are a [Sergeant].”
The world stopped. The soldier with yellow spatters froze. The other soldiers stared at him. Pawn lowered his hand.
“It is heavy. It is difficult. But you are fit for command. You can lead the others. You will be their leader.”
Yellow Spatters stared down at Pawn. The Soldier was filled with emotions he couldn’t name, feelings that words wouldn’t describe. He turned, and suddenly every Soldier in the room was staring at him.
No. Not every Soldier.
His Soldiers.
The knowledge drove Yellow Spatters to his knees. But someone was by his side.
“You will not be alone. We will go to the front within the hour. I have requested it.”
We. The word made every Soldier look at Pawn. He was holding something in his hands. The Worker stared around at the other Soldier as he lit a flame.
“I cannot be your leader. I cannot. But I could never abandon you. I will walk with you in battle. I will be by your side. I will do the only thing I can do.”
The flame caught. The ember glowed as Pawn held it in a hand. He dropped it into the thurible, and the incense began to burn. It was not frankincense or myrrh. It was cinnamon sticks, ground finely. It was sweet, and the smoke drifted across the Soldier as Pawn walked past them.
“Come.”
 
—-
 
Xrn found Klbkch, tired, overseeing a group of Workers as they struggled to repair a wall. Workers and Soldiers filled the Hive, tirelessly moving from place to place.
“Klbkch. I am told Pawn went to see you.”
