4.15 L
Page 6
The entire inn went silent. It felt as though someone had clapped a huge hand over Lyon’s mouth, knocking all the words she’d wanted to say back in. Erin looked around.
“Oops. Sorry everyone. I uh, may have used a Skill. [Crowd Control]. You know. Sorry about that.”
And then in the silence she turned back to Lyonette and Safry. And folded her arms. Lyonette gulped, because Erin was looking unusually peeved.
“Okay, what’s this about? Why is Lyonette giving orders so bad? Safry first.”
Was there a flash of triumph in Safry’s eyes? Did her speaking first mean she’d get more of say? Fear ruled hot anger and determination to be proven right in Lyonette’s bowels.
“Lyonette’s a lower level than we are. But she acts as if she’s in charge while you’re gone.”
Erin nodded.
“Right.”
She paused.
“So?”
Safry faltered.
“We’re higher level! Both Maran and I are twice Lyonette’s level—”
“Okay, I get it. And Lyonette?”
Erin turned to Lyonette, cutting Safry off. Lyonette suddenly felt afraid. She couldn’t just list off all the things Safry and Maran had done, not with everyone watching! But it was now or never. She took a deep breath, and steeled herself.
“Maran and Safry don’t listen to my orders. They prefer serving Humans, and take more breaks than they should. I don’t think I should be in charge—”
Something in Lyonette squeezed tightly on that last word. That wasn’t what she should say. No, that was what part of her wanted to say, but another part, a part of her that was royalty, rebelled.
“—Actually, I do think I should be in charge. I know what’s best, and I think Maran and Safry need to listen to what I say.”
Both Safry and Erin stared at Lyon, surprised by her statement. Lyon was surprised too, and worried, but another part of her knew she had spoken her mind, and spoken the truth as she saw it.
In the silence, all eyes fell on Erin. She seemed used to that, and took only a minute before nodding to herself.
“Okay, I’m resolving this. Safry, Maran, Ishkr, Drassi, and Lyonette, everyone listen up.”
All the staff looked at Erin, worry reflected in some measure across every face. Erin met their eyes and then turned.
“Lyonette? Uh…she’s in charge.”
Relief followed vindication followed vindictive joy in seconds. But Lyonette didn’t have time to smile before Maran burst out across the room.
“But we’re higher level. That’s not right!”
Erin turned towards Maran, and Lyon saw she was frowning.
“Higher level? So what? That might be how you people do things, but not where I come from. Lyonette ran this inn while I was away. She’s got more experience.”
“But she—she hasn’t worked half as long as a [Barmaid] as we have!”
Safry burst out, but Erin was unmoved. She pointed at the floor.
“Yeah, but Lyonette’s been working here longer. She knows what’s important, and I trust her. So…you and Maran listen to her now, okay? Problem solved!”
Erin smiled and clapped her hands together. No one else moved. Safry and Maran exchanged looks, and then Safry sighed.
“Okay. I quit.”
“What?”
Erin and Lyon stared at her, wide-eyed. Safry threw up her hands.
“I’m not dealing with Lyonette! She’s impossible and I—I deserve better treatment than this! I’ve worked at Agnes’ inn for over eight years, and I know my job better than some arrogant girl who thinks she can push me and Maran around.”
“That’s right. If Safry quits, I quit too!”
Maran spoke up. Lyonette felt the purest element of rage settle into her soul. She felt she could harness that fury into some kind of incredibly destructive spell, it was that fierce. She was the problem? She was pushing them around?
