4.15 L
Page 14
“The key is knowing that they fought for a reason. If it was a bad reason, well, that’s a problem. But they fought because they believed in you, Pawn. Honor that, and keep leading them, or what was the point?”
Pawn sagged.
“That’s not the problem. It is that I cannot lead them.”
“Why not?”
“I keep telling everyone, I am no leader. I cannot order them in battle. But if I do not—”
“Who will?”
Zel was nodding. The Drake seemed to understand Pawn’s dilemma more than most.
“And if you don’t, who will? If you don’t, folks still die. Blood’s on your claws either way.”
“Exactly.”
Pawn shivered.
“Is there a good answer for this, Zel Shivertail?”
Zel paused, and the Antinium knew the answer already. Then the Drake spoke.
“You know, hearing what you’re going through reminds me of what I used to hear from Sserys all the time.”
“Who is that?”
“Oh, no one special. You wouldn’t remember. Anyways…”
The Drake trailed off and then shook his head briskly. He looked at Pawn.
“He told me to keep looking around, at my officers, at my soldiers. In each battle, in war, in peace, look for someone who can inspire others. Someone with talent, courage, a spark. And then to nurture that spark until that individual can surpass me. Only then would I step aside.”
“If no one else can command, you must.”
It was a very Drake-like thing to think. Pawn understood. Zel nodded, swishing his tail slowly across the floor.
“How about it? Do you see anyone in your command who could lead better than you? Or are you the only one who can do what’s right?”
He looked at Pawn, gingerly resting his claws on the Antinium’s shoulder. Pawn realized what he was supposed to say, that there was no one else. This was his duty. But that would be a lie.
“Every single Soldier under my command knows war better than I, General Shivertail. Any of them could lead. I cannot.”
It wasn’t the right answer. But it was in Pawn’s heart. Zel sighed and turned away.
“I understand. But your Soldiers have no command, Pawn. I’ve fought them long enough to see that. Some might gain a high [Soldier] class, and they’re a terror to fight on the battlefield. But in the end, a [Soldier] is just a soldier. He cannot lead. You can.”
He left Pawn then, because he’d said all he could. Pawn sat there, waiting for nothing, waiting for Erin, when someone spoke his name.
“Pawn?”
It was Lyonette. She sat with him as a Gnoll covered for her. Pawn stared at Lyonette.
“Hello.”
“You look terrible. What’s wrong? Are you…it’s the Soldiers, right?”
She knew. Pawn didn’t have to explain. He felt relieved. But some part of him kept talking, kept explaining anyways.
“Everyone tells me I should lead, should bring my Soldiers back into battle. But I cannot be a leader. I tell everyone this. There is no [General] who is useless. Belgrade, Anand, Klbkch…they can all fight, and tell Soldiers how to do battle. Even Bird could inflict damage if he led a unit. But I…I am not a warrior. How can I lead Soldiers who will fight for me?”
He expected Lyonette to come up with some sage advice like the others. But she just shrugged.
“I don’t know. If you think you can’t lead them, then you can’t. But they still trust you, right?”
Pawn nodded. His painted Soldiers would follow him to the ends of the earth. They would fight any foe for him; sacrifice their lives if they had to. He was not worthy of that.
“In that case, maybe you’re not like a [General], then. Maybe you’re like me.”
Pawn paused. He looked over.
“Like you? I am not Human. I am not female. I am not a [Barmaid].”
“But you are bad at fighting. So am I. And I…am a [Princess].”
