4.15 L
Page 15
He stared. Lyonette smiled as she looked around conspiratorially.
“What you’re facing sounds like what I’d do in war. [Princesses] and [Queens] don’t lead armies. Most of them don’t, anyways. Back home…no one would dream of it. I hear it’s different in Chandrar and Rhir, but Terandrian nobility don’t let women fight.”
“Then what do you do if a battle occurs?”
“Nothing. We just sit behind our warriors. But because we’re there, it matters. You see?”
“Not at all. Please explain.”
Lyonette sat with Pawn at the table and drank from his mug, since he wasn’t thirsty. She slowly began to speak.
“There was a story my mother used to tell me, of a [Queen] who was ambushed while her nation was at war. Her protectors fought while she sat on a chair in the middle of the battlefield, not moving, not trying to run.”
“But if she had run—”
“Her warriors would have to protect her, and they might get hurt trying to shield her. She might do more damage running, get it? But since she stayed still, they could fight knowing she was protected by them. In my mother’s story, the battled raged on and the Queen’s soldiers were falling back, but then she said one word. ‘Fight.’”
“And they did?”
Lyonette smiled.
“One word from her inspired her soldiers to drive the enemy back. They didn’t want her to take up arms herself. They knew their Queen couldn’t fight. But because she believed in them and showed not a trace of fear on her face, they fought like heroes to protect her. Because she was worth dying for.”
“But what if she was not? What if she was worthless?”
“It didn’t matter. Because they believed. And whose belief mattered most? Hers? Or theirs?”
Pawn thought of his Soldiers. He stirred. Something in him stirred.
“If they fought, they would die.”
“Some. But it’s their choice, isn’t it? The [Queen]’s soldiers could have run. But they held their ground.”
“And if they all die?”
Lyonette’s face twisted. She looked sad.
“I guess they died fighting for what they believed in. That’s something. I don’t know.”
Belief. Pawn’s head lowered. He looked down at something clutched in his hands. It was called a thurible.
Religion. A class. Leading Soldiers. Thurible. All the pieces came together. Pawn stood up.
“I know what I must do.”
“Lead?”
“Something close to it.”
The pieces all fit. Pawn was not worthy of being a leader. But he was good at one thing. One thing. And if…
He started for the door, and stopped to look at Lyonette.
“Thank you. Your advice helped me greatly.”
“Don’t go just yet.”
To his surprise, Lyonette stopped him. She studied him critically.
“Before you go, you need to learn how to act. If you’re going to lead. Even if it’s just walking with your Soldiers.”
“Why? What is wrong?”
“You walk like a peas…like someone afraid of the world. But if you’re leading others, you must do it bravely, gracefully. Like this.”
Lyonette’s head rose. She stared down at Pawn, and suddenly she looked a bit taller, a bit straighter. He stared.
“How are you doing that?”
She smiled and showed him.
“Head straight, chin up. Look ahead, not down. Straighten your spine…or whatever it is you have. Don’t hunch up. Stand like this.”
When Pawn walked towards the door this time, he walked straighter than he had in his life. The world seemed a bit lower down, and a bit brighter for some reason. Lyonette walked with him.
“You’ll be okay? You’ll be safe?”
“I hope so. But I do not know. I only know…yes, I know what I must do.”
“And what’s that?”
Lyonette held the door open for him. Pawn clutched the thurible, a packet of cinnamon, and a few unused coals to his chest. He nodded at Lyonette.
