4.15 L
Page 1
That was probably why she started her mischief. Mrsha would leap up onto a chair or table right after Safry had finished cleaning it, or pause to get in the woman’s way while she worked. The first few times Lyonette caught her and scolded her, but to no real effect. Mrsha just did it again, until Lyonette threatened to put her upstairs in her room.
“Can’t you control her?”
Safry snapped at Lyonette after the last warning. Mrsha’s eyes narrowed, but Lyonette bit back her retort and apologized for her.
The door to Celum opened and Erin and Ryoka came through. Erin was laughing happily and holding something mossy in her hand. Lyon recoiled from it, but apparently it was a useful…moss?
“It might work. If Octavia’s done her job, it’s got potential. I didn’t know you could boost the growth of fungi with mana potions, but Erin, be careful. We don’t know how other species react to it, and there might be side effects—”
“Got it! I got it! But if I try just a bit on Brunkr—okay, I’ll be careful! Don’t glare! And we’re back on time like you said.”
“Yeah.”
Ryoka glanced around the inn, looking at first Lyonette, then Safry. She frowned.
“Anyone seen Pisces?”
“I think he’s still sleeping in the basement. Or practicing magic.”
The [Mage] often woke up late, still poring over the spellbook Ryoka had bought or mumbling about proper craftsmanship and magic. Ryoka nodded. She went down into the basement and came up in a minute dragging Pisces. She shoved him into a seat and had a word with him.
She vanished after that. Pisces left too, grumbling about finding the rest of the Horns of Hammerad, and Erin was long gone into the city to give the mold—it wasn’t a moss—to Brunkr for some reason. That left Lyonette alone, well, not alone, but with Safry.
It went well for five minutes. Then Lyonette noticed Mrsha leaping up onto a table in the corner. She seemed intent on something, although there was nothing there. Someone had probably spilled a drink, but the Gnoll kept sniffing and then backing away.
And she happened to be right in the way of Safry as she was collecting dishes.
“Out of the way, Mrsha.”
Mrsha glanced up at Safry, but didn’t move. She circled the table and Lyonette called out to Safry, exasperated.
“Just leave her. If she stays there, she won’t bother anyone.”
Safry ignored her. She pointed down at the floor, and raised her voice, as if speaking to a dog.
“Down. Down.”
A glance up, and then Mrsha deliberately turned her back on Safry. The [Barmaid] lost her patience. She pushed Mrsha off the table and onto the floor.
The Gnoll landed with a yelp. Lyonette dropped the dust rag she was holding as Drassi and Ishkr looked up. Safry glared down at Mrsha.
“Down. Understand?”
The Gnoll cub stared up at her. She wasn’t injured from the small fall, but she was hurt, and surprised. Lyonette lost her temper.
“Stop that!”
She advanced on Safry, hands balled into a fist. Safry whirled and snapped at her.
“If you’d control her better, I wouldn’t have to teach her proper manners!”
“She’s just a child! She can play wherever she wants. And if you push her again I will make sure you don’t push anything again.”
Lyonette was ready to do violence, and Safry was clearly ready for a fight. She advanced, but Drassi leapt forwards and Ishkr dragged Lyonette back.
“Hrr. Hold still Lyonette. It is not the place to fight, no? Hold!”
He was far stronger than she was, even with [Lesser Strength]. Lyon struggled a bit in his grasp, but then Mrsha was between her and Safry. The other [Barmaid] struggled out of Drassi’s grip, and Ishkr let Lyonette go after a moment.
