4.15 L
Page 8
“What are we supposed to do without jobs? Agnes won’t have us back! You owe us pay if you’re going to fire us. The Guild says—”
“I’m not paying you for today. Lyonette says you were miserable, and you pushed Mrsha so just—just go away! I paid you yesterday, so be happy you got that!”
Erin was clearly unhappy, but she stood her ground as the two protested. Ryoka kept trying to edge around her, and Erin was busy pushing her back. Maybe that was why Safry and Maran took a stand.
“We refuse to leave! This isn’t fair! You promised us paying jobs, and now you’re taking them from us! You told us we’d be working in an inn, not hauling water and avoiding monsters, or dealing with [Necromancers], or Ants—”
None of it was true. Some of it was true. It didn’t matter. Because while Ryoka had lost her temper, Lyonette had blown her lid, and Safry and Maran had been furious, it was when Erin got angry that things got scary.
Mrsha was tangled around Erin, Ryoka was fighting to get towards one of the [Barmaids]. They were shrieking at her, and Lyonette saw the world start to shimmer around Erin.
Something changed. The air became hot, and turmoil leaked into the room, grabbing at the hearts of those within. The floor shook as the inn rumbled, and the oppressive menace seeped upwards, grabbing, clutching—
“Leave.”
Erin Solstice was a thing that stood in the dark hallways of fury, watching, waiting, arms folded. Mrsha was a beast of claws and teeth that reached out to engulf and consume.
It was an illusion, but it still frightened Lyonette. And she wasn’t the target. The [Inn’s Aura] Skill sent Safry and Maran running screaming towards the door. They vanished into Octavia’s shop with a crash of broken glass and the [Alchemist] shouting and the air of menace faded.
And then it was over. The room cleared, and Erin turned around, looking embarrassed. She found half of her patronage on the floor, the other half frozen with hands on swords. Her cheeks went red, and then she looked at Lyon.
“Why did all that happen, Lyon? I thought you said things were good.”
Lyon had no reply. Now that the two were gone, shame and regret was the menu of the day. She choked on a reply.
“I—”
“It wasn’t her fault, Miss Erin.”
Drassi peeked out from under a table and crawled out. She looked at Lyon.
“Lyon was doing her job, but the other two were…well, they thought they could do less. They just didn’t work as hard as she did, and it was obvious they weren’t at home with our kind.”
“Or ours. One Gnoll is fine, but six is too many, no?”
Ishkr came over, hair slowly settling back down all over his body. Mrsha still looked poofed up to twice her size. Erin sighed, looking helplessly at the floor.
“But they were so nice. I worked with Maran and Safry and I never had a problem once!”
“I guess they were a bit like Agnes. Good, but not great. Nice, but not adaptable. Flawed.”
Ryoka shrugged when Erin glared at her. Erin sighed and muttered as she kicked at the ground.
“Why are things so hard? When Toren was here I never had to worry about him working. Now I hire friends and it turns out they were bad all along.”
When Toren was here. Lyon heard a ringing sound. She didn’t realize she was striding up to Erin before she was shouting in her face.
“Toren? He was horrible!”
“Wha?”
Erin blinked, caught off-guard by the sudden anger. The crowd ducked back down as the shouting entered overtime.
“Toren was a nightmare! He was the worst!”
“He wasn’t that bad—he was good before he abandoned me and went crazy.”
“No!”
