4.15 L
Page 3
Pawn halted as he suddenly came to the Revalantor. Klbkch was surrounded by a wall of twenty Soldiers, all injured, some missing limbs. Klbkch was leaning against a wall, bleeding profusely from his side.
Something had torn it open. The Antinium dropped one of his silvery swords and was fumbling with a healing potion. Pawn rushed over as Klbkch got the stopper out.
“Pawn.”
The other Antinium had noticed Pawn’s arrival. He parted his mandibles weakly as Pawn stared at the green fluid rushing down his side. He had a deep cut down one shoulder as well, a blow that had split his chitin, and more, smaller cuts down his legs.
“A moment.”
Klbkch poured the healing potion over himself, carefully sprinkling it without wasting the precious liquid. The wounds closed quickly. Klbkch staggered, and then looked at Pawn. He stoppered the nearly-empty potion bottle with one hand and put it in his belt pouch.
“Pawn. I was wondering as to your location. You spent the night outside of the Hive.”
Pawn was still staring at Klbkch, at where the wounds had been. They’d closed just like that. In an instant. Of course, that was how healing potions worked, but now you couldn’t tell Klbkch had been injured. You’d never be able to tell, come to that. So long as he didn’t die, he could have been fighting a moment ago and you’d never notice…
“Yes, I—I fell asleep in the inn. My deepest apologies. I had not rested since my assignment and—”
“It is fine.”
Klbkch cut him off shortly. The Antinium hauled himself up and snapped at the Soldiers.
“Return to battle.”
They immediately dispersed, running back down the corridor. Pawn could hear a monster screaming in the distance. That left Klbkch and Pawn alone. The Revalantor nodded at Pawn.
“I was visited by Erin Solstice yesterday. She had words for me regarding your deployment.”
“Yes, I—”
Suddenly Pawn’s jubilation was gone. He felt ashamed. But Klbkch shook his head.
“Her concerns had merit. I agreed with her proposal. Your unit displayed extreme efficacy in battle, despite the dangers. Your losses…depleted a valuable resource to the Hive. In light of that, and remarks made by Xrn—”
His mandibles lowered in an Antinium grimace.
“Your unit may resume patrolling above. There is no need to report for combat duty in the Hive in the foreseeable future. We will handle matters below now that Xrn has agreed to lend her abilities when needed.”
Pawn nodded numbly.
“I understand.”
Klbkch nodded as well. He straightened and picked up the other sword he’d dropped.
“Continue training your Soldiers, Pawn. Do not worry about Belgrade or Anand. They will recover. In the meantime, I will coordinate my efforts with my Queen and Xrn to maintain the defense of the Hive.”
He turned away. Pawn watched him stride back towards the sound of battle. He wanted to say something, anything. But he couldn’t.
Suddenly, Pawn realized a hole had opened back up under his feet. He’d been thinking for so long about what had happened. He’d led his Soldiers in a battle, something he thought Klbkch wouldn’t do, couldn’t understand.
But of course the Revalantor fought. He had put himself on the line. And the Workers and Soldiers—were still fighting. Why would that stop? It was just Pawn’s unit that had been granted a reprieve, safety. Suddenly, Pawn felt as useless as before. No. Worse.
What was he doing?
What had he done?
 
—-
 
Trouble had two names. Maran, and Safry. Trouble also had a Human’s face, and was multiplied about two dozen times.
