4.15 L
Page 11
She looked over at Lyonette and saw the girl staring at her, red-eyed, shivering. It wasn’t a glamorous face, but the owner of it had the courage to walk into a nest full of bees big enough to put a stinger right through her skull. Looks were deceiving.
“Erin’s perfect as an [Innkeeper] because it seems like she can make her inn do whatever she wants. But you have too many ideas to just serve drinks for her. You’re too capable. You should be an [Innkeeper] yourself, at the very least. But then, you’re not meant for that either, are you? You are a [Princess].”
An indrawn breath. Ryoka nodded.
“Thought so. Let’s keep that a secret between us, huh?”
“How did—”
“It’s not exactly hard to guess, at least, back when you were screaming about how important you were. Look, it doesn’t matter to me, although I’d keep it a secret. But I think it means you can do more than just serve drinks, that’s all. You were managing those other two pretty well when Safry and Maran weren’t getting in the way.”
She nodded back in the direction of the inn. Lyonette didn’t know what to say.
“But I’m a failure. I never reached more than Level 5 in my [Princess] class.”
“Really? Level 5? That’s interesting. Maybe the you back then didn’t have a chance or you were…spoiled rotten and bratty. But now, I think if you put your mind to it, things might change.”
Ryoka grinned. Lyonette stared at her, parts of her chest lighting up from within.
“You think so?”
“It’s worth a shot. Being a [Princess] isn’t just about where you are or what you’re wearing. It’s what you do. And I think the most princess-like thing you did was stand up for Mrsha back then. Which reminds me, you know magic, don’t you?”
“Yes. I was tutored a bit, but I never learned much. Just a few spells like [Light]. Hardly anything.”
“[Light]’s the most basic and useful thing in the world. Don’t knock it. For instance, light can do this.”
Ryoka raised a finger, and in the desolate landscape, light flashed. Lyonette cried out and shielded her eyes. When she could see, Ryoka looked abashed.
“Sorry. But now you’ve seen it, you can copy it. I call it [Flashbang]. Well, that’s only half of it. You also make a sound like this—”
This time Lyonette clapped a hand to her ears, but the bang was still deafening. Ryoka nodded at her as she took trembling hands away from her ears.
“You could probably learn that in a bit.”
“But how—I never knew a spell like that existed!”
“There’s probably some version of it out in the world. Pisces might know it. But I invented that myself. It’s just a bit of protection magic. If you’re gifted enough, you should try learning that and a few more spells. Typhenous or Ceria might teach you. And pick up a sword while you’re at it.”
“You think I should do all that?”
Learn to use a sword. Learn to use magic. More classes. The idea burned in Lyonette like a flame built of tinder, burning hot but quick to be extinguished. But Ryoka nodded as if that were natural.
“A princess should know how to do all kinds of things. I know it’s not good to have too many classes, but…well, it’s just a hunch. If a princess really knows her people, then she should know what they do, at least a bit.”
She smiled at Lyon, and the girl smiled back.
“No one in my family would ever think that way.”
“Yeah? What level are they?”
Lyonette was speechless. Ryoka sighed, and stood up.
“That was probably rude of me. Sorry. But you look like you’re feeling better.”
