4.15 L
Page 12
That was true. Lyonette felt better. She was still unhappy, but that was because all that had just passed, not because of the future. Ryoka smiled at her, awkwardly. She was a bit like Ishkr. If she worked at the inn, Ryoka would probably let her gather Ashfire Bee honey and go shopping by herself.
“I’ve got to go. I’m taking Mrsha to visit Garia’s family tonight and staying over for a day or two. Don’t worry; I think it’ll be fine when you return. Erin’s falling over herself trying to find ways to apologize, and those other two seem to think you’re worth listening to.”
“I’ll go back and apologize—”
Lyon stood up, but Ryoka held up a hand.
“If I were you, I’d keep Erin sweating just a bit longer. She needs to think more about other people sometimes.”
She winked as Lyonette stared up at her and jogged off. Lyonette watched her go, and wondered if Ryoka had been like her once. Or maybe she just understood what Lyon was going through.
It was a [Barmaid] that left the inn, sobbing, guilty. But it was a [Princess] that trudged back. A princess wearing a coat with snot and tears all over it, and a [Princess] whose eyes were red and whose nose still ran, but a [Princess] nevertheless. She couldn’t forget that.
She was a [Princess].
With levels in the [Barmaid] class.
 
—-
 
Pawn waited until his shift and slept. He didn’t know what he’d done in the meantime. He just…existed until the point where he could consign himself to oblivion for a little while. Then he woke.
He felt like a zombie, lifeless, shambling along. The exhilaration that had filled him yesterday was gone.
How could he have been so blind? His people died no matter what he did. How could he be so happy over a useless Skill, two level ups?
[Mass Prayer]. What good was that? What good was praying, together or alone? It did nothing. Pawn turned, and punched the dirt wall of his sleeping area.
“Useless.”
He would have slept there, letting other Workers file in and out if someone hadn’t approached his hiding place. Pawn looked up when the light filled the dark room.
“Pawn. I have been looking for you.”
Xrn, the Small Queen, bent over Pawn as he clutched the thurible to his chest. He stared up at her, radiant, her eyes shining with magic.
“Go away.”
“I cannot do that, Pawn. I am told you have not visited your Soldiers in days. They are waiting for you. They are restless. They need you to lead them.”
“I deserve to lead no one. All I did was get them killed. Protecting me.”
“Fighting. They fought for the Hive.”
“At my command. They did it for me. It was my fault.”
A pause. Xrn bent down next to Pawn, scrutinizing him curiously.
“But they are Soldiers. They are made to fight. What else would they do?”
“Live.”
Pawn whispered the word.
“I don’t want them to die. I want them to live.”
“Some may live if you command them. If not, what do you think will happen? Refuse, and they will be put on the front lines. Forced to fight. Without you.”
The knowledge was bitter, undeniable. Pawn didn’t respond. He heard Xrn sigh.
“What if one of the other Individuals led them? Your friend Belgrade, or Anand.”
“They’re [Tacticians]. They can do it. They know how to lead.”
“Pawn.”
“Go away. I am sulking.”
“I will not go. I am going to convince you to get up, Pawn. You see, I am no [Leader] either, Pawn. I am a [Thaumaturge], a class derived from [Mage]. I did not choose to lead either.”
Pawn shook his head, denying Xrn to her face.
