4.15 L
Page 4
Suddenly, a huge amount of Humans had come through Octavia’s door into the inn. It had happened around one, and although it had surprised Lyonette, it hadn’t come as a shock to Maran or Safry. Now these Humans laughed and ate and did all the things guests were supposed to do…but they were Human.
And Lyon had the feeling that was just the way Safry and Maran liked it.
“I had a word with some of my friends and regular customers. I told them they should eat here. It’ll balance out the inn.”
“You mean add more Humans.”
Lyonette glared as she confronted Maran over the issue. The [Barmaid] laughed.
“So what? They’re customers. Erin will be happy. Anyways, they’re guests, and probably hungry. You can take their orders. I’m going on lunch and so is Safry.”
“What?”
Ishkr and Drassi had already gone on their break, but suddenly Maran was finding a seat and Safry was bringing over some of Erin’s magically fresh food, heated up and piping hot. Lyonette protested.
“You can’t do that!”
“We get a break. That’s the Innkeeper’s Guild’s policy and Erin agreed. We’re having lunch now. We’ll be done in thirty minutes. You can handle things until then.”
Suddenly, there were over twenty hungry people all demanding drinks and food at the same time. It was like the bad old days, but worse, because there were two [Barmaids] having a grand time watching Lyonette hurry around.
“I’m going to kill them. I’m going to feed Safry to a Rock Crab and let Maran walk into an Ashfire Bee hive…”
Lyonette was cursing under her breath, struggling to open another keg when someone held it steady for her.
“Don’t bother with monsters. Let’s just push them down the outhouse hole and put the lid down.”
Drassi grinned toothily at Lyonette as the girl stared at her. She offered a mug as Lyonette finally got a dark, amber-colored liquid to come forth and the girl hurriedly filled it.
“Thanks. I know you’re on your break.”
“Don’t mind a thing. I had to help out once I saw those fleshbags lazing about. Not you, them, I mean. I don’t know why Erin hired them.”
Lyonette made a face. She hurried over to the table and spoke as she grabbed the other two mugs Drassi was quickly filling.
“I think they thought they’d be working a lot less over here. And they’re not used to Drakes or Gnolls. I wasn’t—I learned, but it took time.”
“Think they’ll quit?”
“I’m going to talk to Erin. They’d better quit, or I’ll kill them myself after Safry bullying Mrsha.”
Lyonette’s face was a thunderhead. Drassi nodded in complete agreement, and then flicked her tail to the two [Barmaids].
“I might quit. Because if I have to listen to them ask me which Drake is which when one’s an old guy and the other one’s barely hatched—”
“Don’t do that! Erin will sort things out.”
“I hope so.”
“Hrr. She had better. Or I might take up your offer with the outhouse as well.”
Someone else came to join them. Ishkr had some food ready for the Humans. He nodded awkwardly at Lyon, not as comfortable as Drassi at socializing.
“I am not cleaning myself each time I get wet walking through snow. I do not smell. I have a good sense of smell, and it is not problematic.”
“You smell wonderful.”
Lyonette smiled at him and got a wide grin in response. She felt better after that moment, and once the Humans were fed and given something to drink, she had a chance to have a short break herself.
The knowledge that Drassi and Ishkr felt like she did was a relief. It meant Lyonette wasn’t prejudiced, that she was right, and that Maran and Safry had better watch themselves around the outhouses from now on. But it didn’t solve the problem.
