4.15 L
Page 7
But what was worse than the two [Barmaid]’s stupid dramatic exit and accusations was that it worked on Erin. She looked worried and chased after Safry as the other woman walked towards the door, but not too fast that Erin couldn’t block her way.
“Hold on Safry, let’s talk about this.”
“Either Lyonette stops or—”
“Okay, okay, let’s talk about this. Why don’t you take a break and—”
“Go ahead and leave. It’s for the best.”
Someone spoke up across the room. Heads turned as Ryoka appeared at a table, as if by magic. The watching guests murmured as she stood up and strode over to where everyone else was standing. As far as the inn’s patrons were concerned, the current tableau had turned into a better piece of live theatre than an actual play.
“Ryoka? Where did you come from? I’ve been looking for you all over!”
Ryoka pointed at an empty chair and a table that had somehow remained empty despite the full room.
“I asked Pisces to put his [Invisibility] spell over me. I’ve been hanging around here all day.”
Ryoka rubbed at her backside.
“It was a pain in the ass, and I kept having to deal with assholes trying to sit on me, but I saw what I needed to. Lyonette’s not the problem, Erin. Those two are.”
She jerked a thumb at Safry and Maran. The two [Barmaids] looked suddenly apprehensive.
“We didn’t—”
Ryoka rode right over them. She seemed to be enjoying the moment, in the way only the detective unveiling the mystery at the end of a case, or a judge handing down a sentence could be.
“I watched everything, Erin. Safry and Maran brought in humans so they wouldn’t have to serve Drakes and Gnolls as often, they can’t tell non-Humans apart, neither of them will go get water, and they take breaks when things aren’t busy. Oh, and they’ve been grade-A assholes towards Lyonette all day.”
Lyonette’s jaw dropped. She hadn’t expected this! But it was a relief to hear Ryoka say all of that. More than a relief.
Erin stared at Ryoka. Her eyes slid sideways to Safry and Maran, who were both looking uneasy. Erin thought, and then looked at Ryoka.
“Okay, they’re in the wrong. But—”
“Safry pushed Mrsha.”
It was just a little detail, slipped in. Erin was still formulating her next word when it hit her ears and reached her brain. She stopped.
“What?”
“I didn’t—”
Safry backed up as Ryoka turned to her. Ryoka was grinning, but it wasn’t really a grin, more like a rictus of bad feeling.
“Right, it was just a little push. And you were angry. Well, I’m just a little angry. So how about that?”
Ryoka cracked her knuckles, and Safry backed up fast. The Runner eyed her and Maran and nodded to the door.
“If you leave now, I won’t get a chance to break something. Go ahead and stay, I dare you. We’re in Liscor, and I bet Zel wouldn’t bat an eye if I broke your nose for bullying Mrsha.”
“I—”
“Okay! Stop!”
Erin grabbed Ryoka’s shirt and pulled the girl back. Ryoka nearly fell backwards as Erin dragged her away. Erin got between Ryoka and looked at Safry and Maran.
“No one’s beating up anyone. But I’ve heard enough. Safry, Maran, I don’t like to say it, but I believe Ryoka and Lyonette. So you’re both fired. Get out of my inn.”
The two [Barmaids] looked horrified. Lyonette suspected neither had been serious when quitting before, and now they protested loudly.
“You can’t just fire us!”
“I did. Just now.”
Erin crossed her arms, looking uneasy, but also deeply upset. Safry glared at her, turning her ire over the entire situation into unrighteous fury.
“You can’t take away our jobs!”
“You just quit.”
