4.15 L
Page 10
Slowly, Ryoka sat down next to Lyonette. She patted herself down for tissues, cursing over leaving her belt pouch in the inn. Lyonette just wiped her face on her sleeve, which was disgusting, but effective.
“I’m gone, aren’t I? Erin’s going to fire me.”
“No she’s not. She’d never do that.”
“Really?”
“If she did, I’d have to kick her ass, or try, and Mrsha would bite her all over. You were right to shout at her back there. Okay, maybe you screamed a bit, but I think you deserved the chance.”
“I didn’t mean all of it. It’s just—”
Lyonette wiped at her eyes. Her tears were hot, but they froze so quickly in the cold. Ryoka silently pulled off her coat. She had a second one on, and Lyonette had run out in the cold. She winced when Lyonette buried her face in the soft fabric rather than put it on.
“Sounds like you really had it rough with Toren. I’m sorry. I didn’t know either, and I was there for part of it.”
“I thought—I thought he’d kill me if I told, sometimes. Other times I didn’t care, but no one listened. Because I always complained. When he was gone…at first I was the happiest I could ever be, until I realized Erin was gone too. And then you left…”
Guilt passed over Ryoka’s face like a shadow.
“Yeah.”
“But.”
Lyonette raised her face wretchedly. Her tears were drying up.
“I think I was happiest when Erin was gone. Really. I was. It sounds crazy, but after I started working—when I had to do everything myself, I started being happy. Because I was doing it all! I was actually keeping the inn running, and feeding Mrsha, and getting guests—I did it. All by myself.”
“Huh.”
Ryoka sat with Lyon in the snow as the other girl shivered and cried a bit.
“I did it. I got honey, I helped Pawn. I did it all. Then Erin came back and she did so much I couldn’t dream of! She had a magic door, magic food, she knows all these recipes, and she can cook…”
“But she wasn’t the one who got all the Gold-rank adventurers and Zel Shivertail to stay at your inn, right? She didn’t keep Mrsha happy. Neither did I.”
“I know it’s silly, but I just thought she’d trust me after that!”
Lyonette sobbed into her coat. Ryoka paused.
“She should have. But Erin…I don’t think it was about trust. She just did what she thought was best and, well, it backfired for once. Only it looks like you had to deal with it.”
“It’s not her fault!”
“It really is.”
Ryoka sat next to Lyonette as the girl gulped down air.
“I just don’t know why I feel so unhappy sometimes!”
She confessed to Ryoka, shivering as the wind blew.
“I want to do more, make more decisions even though it’s Erin’s inn. But I know it’s hers. I was just managing it. I know that, but I still want…to be an [Innkeeper] too. Or be something else. I know it’s bad.”
“It’s not bad.”
Ryoka’s voice was soft as she poked at some ice-crusted snow. She glanced at Lyonette. The girl was wiping at her face again.
“I don’t know why I feel this way. I should be happy. Mrsha’s here, I have a good life, I get paid, no one’s after me or angry with me…”
“Yeah, well, I think it’s because you’re a terrible [Barmaid].”
Ryoka sensed the other girl looking up. She coughed delicately.
“What I mean by that is that you’re not meant to be serving people drinks. You’re good at your job—too good, in fact. A decent [Barmaid] is someone like Safry, who works hard but not too hard. She’s a lazy, prejudiced, arrogant bitch at times too, but she does her job and that’s it. If she were a great barmaid, she wouldn’t have all those qualities. But you—you’re different.”
