4.16
Page 10
They hadn’t managed to so far. But neither had the Drake army managed to force them back or deplete their numbers greatly. It was a deadlock. The Goblin Lord’s full army outnumbered them greatly, but Thrissiam’s forces were better equipped, better trained, higher level. It was a battle they could win, in short.
But some things made him uneasy. Garusa pointed it out the day after she’d carried Thrissiam into a bed. She had only shared it for an hour—the [Generals] were alternating shifts to keep up a steady defense. Now she and Thrissiam spoke concisely as Drakes tended to their injured with potions and wrapped wounds too light to warrant proper healing in a lull between the fighting.
“None of our [Mages] can cast the [Message] spell. They have tried each day, again and again, but the highest-level cannot.”
“So? We don’t need reinforcements, and if we did, they’d be too late.”
Garusa nodded.
“Yes. That is true. But that is not what concerns me. To block the spell, so my [Mages] say, you would need a mage specialized in such magic…or a mage of far greater ability. Neither seems at home to a Goblin Lord’s forces, no?”
That was true. Thrissiam frowned, suddenly worried.
“It might be they have an artifact. Or one of their [Shamans]…? You’re right. It seems beyond them.”
“In that case, what is the cause?”
Thrissiam shook his head.
“I don’t know. But we must get word back to the cities, no matter what happens. They have to know the Goblin Lord can use undead—and that he can block spells!”
Garusa nodded. Thrissiam’s claws dug into the table.
“You were right. General Shivertail was right. That Goblin Lord…isn’t ordinary. I see him out there, occasionally. In the trees, leading his forces. Never close enough that our [Marksmen] or [Snipers] could get a clear shot at him. And he blocked every spell my battle mages sent towards him.”
“We must try to hunt him down.”
“Yes. We’ll try for it now. If it means sacrificing a group to have his head—”
“That is my job, no?”
He looked at her. They’d barely said a word in between sleeping together and waking. This was war. But he and she—he shook his head.
“Not yet. Not unless it comes to that. I won’t risk you.”
She grinned at him, as if he’d made a joke.
“You are thinking with your head, not with your second tail, yes? A [General] must be composed and think of victory, not affection.”
Thrissiam went scarlet and looked around, but the tent was empty. He glared at Garusa.
“I’m thinking with my head. You are an asset that can’t be replaced. We’ll need you after this battle.”
He stared at the map as Garusa chuckled. The Goblin Lord’s eyes. Where had he heard of eyes like that before? Necromancy. An uneasy surmise crept into Thrissiam’s mind. He murmured.
“Yes. I think we might need everyone after this. Perhaps the Goblin Lord…isn’t alone.”
Garusa stopped laughing. She met his eyes, and Thrissiam knew she had suddenly thought of the same thing. In the silence, they heard the fighting begin again.
 
—-
 
Her eyes blurred with tears, although no one noticed her face in the fighting. Osthia spat acid at the Goblins who charged her, shot the concentrated, corrosive liquid into green faces and red eyes and heard the screams. It felt as though she were spitting the bile and pain out of her own stomach.
She had an endless supply.
Thrissiam and Garusa. Garusa and Thrissiam. It was like one of those silly songs the children sang. Garusa and Thrissiam, tails in a knot!
