4.16
Page 12
“You are a treasure of our people, and of our family as well. I could not bear to see you die in some meaningless charge.”
It was meant for the two of them. Garusa busied herself across the tent, although Osthia knew she could hear everything. It helped, a bit. Osthia smiled weakly at Thrissiam.
“Thank you, sir.”
He studied her, and then nodded. Grimly, Thrissiam turned back to the map.
“I don’t blame you for trying. This Goblin Lord is dangerous. If we don’t stop him now, there’s no telling how dangerous he might get.”
“He is new, yet. But if he gathers more Goblins, or raises more undead.”
“It won’t happen.”
Osthia watched as Garusa and Thrissiam’s eyes met over the table. They were alike, in that way. She stumbled out of the tent and cried for a bit in her tent. Then she woke up and went back to war.
 
Day 65
“The undead.”
That was what would kill them, Thrissiam knew. Looking at the map of the battlefield, he felt as though he understood the flow of how things would go. Numbers, supplies, levels of soldiers and geography, it all flowed into a picture in his mind. The scales were balanced; he had his advantages, and the Goblin Lord his. But what tipped the balance were the undead.
Because for every Drake and Gnoll that fell, a zombie could rise in its place. Or worse, a Ghoul.
So far, the Goblins and the Goblin Lord had only managed to animate a few of the fallen Drakes and Gnolls of Thrissiam’s force. So far. But as time wore on, the Drake knew that the natural spawning of the undead as well as the efforts of the Goblin Lord and his [Necromancers] would slowly increase that number.
“We can’t make this a battle of attrition any longer. The Goblin Lord overplayed his claw at first, and gave us the opportunity to tear into his forces. But he’s pulling back, wearing us down with numbers rather than commit his Hobs and [Mages] to the front. We need to either pull them out, or take him down.”
Standing across the table from him, Garusa nodded. She had a long gash down one cheek, splitting her fur and exposing red, but she had forgone healing it to save potions. It might damage the morale of the soldiers to see their general injured, but the situation called for it.
“I agree. We must corner him. But how?”
“I propose an ambush. We know he has a forward camp here and here. He alternates between the two before pulling back.”
“True. You suggest ambushing him? We could strike a wedge here, cutting him off—”
“And then encircle his position. Yes.”
Thrissiam had observed the Goblin Lord over the course of the battle. The Goblin had played things safe, attacking only from a distance with magic. But he had shown a predictability in how he moved, and revealed that it was possible to predict where he’d go. In short, he’d given Thrissiam a perfect opportunity to corner him.
“He may be a Goblin Lord, but he’s new to it. An amateur is still an amateur, even with Skills.”
The Drake grinned savagely. Garusa’s smile was no less predatory.
“Tomorrow?”
“No sense waiting for it. Keep up the front; don’t let him think we’re doing anything. I’ll pull together all the elites I can. They’ll be under your command.”
Garusa nodded.
“I will prepare.”
Thrissiam caught her as she was about to leave the tent.
“Don’t fight him if you think he’ll win. We can try again if we must. But I can’t lose you.”
She blinked at him, wide-eyed. Then she smiled.
“Too much thinking with your other tail. I will do what needs to be done. And I will bring you the Goblin Lord’s head tomorrow, my word on it. Unless I squish it by accident, that is.”
