4.17
Page 12
“No, fool! Because if ye were going to get it, you’d have already gotten it by now! Magic isn’t something you can keep trying over and over!”
 
“That’s because you’re not giving me any instructions. If you want me to see the wind, tell me how in more detail.”
Ryoka snapped, but Ivolethe just flipped herself over so she was staring at Ryoka upside down. She spoke, suddenly serious.
 
“I cannot.”
 
“Why not? Because it’s secret?”
 
“No, because there are no words for it. It is magic, Ryoka Griffin. Magic. It is something you understand in here, not here.”
 
She flew over and tapped Ryoka’s chest, then flew up and tapped her head. Ryoka nodded slowly.
“Instinct? I have to get a feel for it, that’s what you’re saying. Then if I keep practicing—”
 
“No.”
 
Ivolethe sighed. She rubbed at her face, frowning hard. She shook her head.
 
“It is not instinct. You cannot learn this by practicing.”
 
“But you said—”
 
“It is grace, mortal. Grace and naught else. Grace and wonder. A moment. It is not something ye can learn in a book. It is not something you can keep trying to do. You will learn it in a moment of purest understanding—or never.”
 
The Frost Faerie looked at Ryoka in the eye. Ryoka felt a slight chill that had nothing to do with the cold. She opened her mouth, paused. What Ivolethe said spoke to her, but it made no sense at the same time.
“That’s not how magic works in this world, though. [Mages] study magic in books. They can write it down. They have to study.”
 
“True.”
 
Ivolethe nodded, frowning.
 
“How shall I explain? That is magic. Tamed, and bent for use, yes, but it is still magic. But it is not my magic. Not the magic of the fae. Not deep magic, which runs wild. If ye wish to study that magic, practice. Understand, by all means. But ye shall never see the wind if you think of it as something to be understood, to be learned. The wind is the wind. I ask you to see it, Ryoka. Not understand the why of it.”
 
Ryoka struggled to make sense of this. On one level she got what Ivolethe was saying. On another…how could you stare at something and not want to know why it was? But that was magic. Ivolethe’s magic.
A moment of grace.
 
“Back to trying. Try and if you cannot see it, we shall try later. But this is the first step, Ryoka. The only step. Learn to do this, and ye shall see all in time.”
 
See the wind. Ryoka tried. She really did. But she couldn’t keep what Ivolethe had said in her mind and just try to feel something naturally. And the Frost Faerie saw it.
 
“Stop. Another chance will come. Look for the wind elsewhere, Ryoka, but ye won’t see it here.”
 
And that was it. The lesson was done. Ivolethe floated past Ryoka as the girl sighed, disappointed. The Frost Faerie laughed as she pointed down the hill.
 
“Go back to your mortal friends. Look at the child!”
 
Ryoka turned and saw that her martial arts lesson had attracted more than just Fals. Mrsha was standing clumsily in the snow, trying to punch like Garia. She kept punching, and falling over by her own momentum.
It was very cute. Ryoka laughed and took out her iPhone as she descended the hill. She tried to turn it on, but found to her deepest disappointment that it had run out of power! She cursed to herself. It was hard to remember to get Pisces to cast [Repair] on it. Erin would just have to imagine Mrsha’s antics.
“Ryoka! I don’t think this is right!”
