4.17
Page 10
Ryoka turned to Wailant and Viceria. She tapped her arm.
“I’m not strong enough, like I said. If I punch with my…style, I can be sure I’ll hit someone. However, even with a good punch it won’t do enough. Not from me. But if someone else punched like that, someone who could knock an ox out with a punch…”
The former [Pirate] and [Green Mage] stared at Ryoka. Wailant sat up. Viceria smiled.
“You think Garia could learn to fight with her fists? She’s never learnt any other way of fighting. She doesn’t have the knack for it.”
“Yeah, well, martial arts isn’t just about talent. It’s something everyone can learn. It just takes practice.”
“Martial arts. Is that what it’s called?”
Ryoka shook her head, smiling.
“No. This is called Muay Thai Kickboxing. And this—”
She took a different stance, threw a different punch.
“—is called Karate. It might be better for Garia. I don’t know. I thought about teaching some techniques when I saw her in that fight at the inn. I never got around to it. But if you’re worried, I could give her some lessons. She could practice herself if she takes to it.”
She looked at Wailant and Viceria. It was just a thought, something to reassure them. The two parents looked at each other, speaking without words and then Wailant stood up. He cracked his neck, and then beckoned at Ryoka.
“Try me, then. Go ahead. I’ve a few drinks, but if you can knock me down…you don’t have a class, do you?”
She grinned at him.
“Not a one.”
“Garia said that. I couldn’t believe someone would be that stupid.”
“Really? Then let me show you—”
Ryoka twisted, kicked. Wailant dodged back. He laughed, surprised, as Ryoka hopped backwards. She grinned at him, beckoned.
There was something here. In this room, as Viceria told them to not damage the furniture and Ryoka tagged Wailant with a kick that sobered him up and he showed her how fast a former [Pirate] could punch.
In the end, they stopped with bruises and light hearts. Ryoka found herself being slapped on the back by Wailant, and talking with Viceria. She smiled, and carried Mrsha to a room upstairs to sleep. She thought, just for an instant, that it was strange. She’d expected awkwardness, dreaded meeting Garia’s parents, and gotten off to the worst start possible. But suddenly—
She was enjoying herself.
Fancy that. Then Ryoka slept. The next day, she began teaching Garia how to punch. And Ivolethe—
Began teaching her how to use magic.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin stood on a hill, facing the wind. She breathed in deeply, and felt the chill of the morning’s air blow through her hair. She stared into the open sky and felt the world pressing down at her.
The clouds were impossibly high overhead. The wind rushed about her, invigorating Ryoka, filling her with quiet contemplation. Her breathing slowed. Her pulse settled. She cleared her mind, became still, meditative. Her mind grew tranquil as Ryoka absorbed nature—
 
“Not like that, fool! What are ye doing?”
 
Someone threw snow into Ryoka’s face. She spluttered, opened her eyes, and scowled at Ivolethe.
“What the hell was that for? I’m trying to sense the wind!”
Ivolethe buzzed around Ryoka’s head, an angry blue butterfly with attitude.
 
“What kind of an idiot does that with their eyes closed? I told ye, to learn faerie magic, ye must first sense the wind.”
 
“Right. And that’s all you said. I’m here for a lesson. So tell me, how do I sense the wind?”
Ryoka folded her arms and scowled. Ivolethe looked exasperated.
