4.18
Page 15
Brunkr flexed his arm and grimaced at the memory. He nodded to the wound as he spoke to Erin, smiling at her. He had become very welcoming and hospitable as of late.
“A wound like this—if I take care with it, I may still use my other arm, yes? Why not let it heal with time and train in the meanwhile? I feel able to practice with a sword—this is my shield arm.”
“Oh, right. You’re a [Warrior], aren’t you?”
“I aspire to be a [Knight], in truth. But the class requires something I do not have. Until them, I am simply a [Warrior]. One of the best in my tribe.”
He said that without modesty, but without bragging as well. Erin remembered Brunkr fighting when he’d attacked Toren and she had to agree that he was pretty good. He’d taken a lot of her punches without falling down.
“If you want to practice, I have an offer for you. Would you be willing to uh, go by my inn and train Lyonette? I want to let her learn to be a [Warrior], if she’s willing.”
Brunkr froze. He stared at Erin.
“Me? Train Lyonette?”
“Yeah. And maybe Bird too. If he wants to learn how to fight with a sword, that is. I don’t want to learn—I use a frying pan and a knife. But some tips would be good. Maybe you can make up with Mrsha too. She feels bad about what she did.”
Brunkr stood up and paced about slowly while Erin snacked on more of the meat. What did the Gnolls call it again? Ssarish? No, that was the Drake version. She’d forgotten.
“Teach—I can teach. But why? I would not mind, but…it is an odd request coming from you. My Aunt tells me today you bought an expensive bow for your guard.”
“And I stocked up on potions. I’m going to buy a burn blast potion too, if anyone’s selling.”
The Gnoll sat, staring at Erin.
“A powerful item. Silver-rank adventurers use that, as do Gold-ranked ones. Why would you need such a thing?”
Erin hesitated. She poked at her stomach and Brunkr noticed.
“Are you feeling sick? I cut the meat for the Rashgr myself. It should not be—”
“No, I’m not feeling sick from the food. It’s something else.”
Erin shook her head. She’d been feeling the sensation all morning. She looked at Brunkr and decided to confide in him.
“Actually, Brunkr, I’ve been feeling worried all day. I felt a bit worried yesterday, actually, but then I played chess and…but I felt it today as well.”
“Felt what?”
“Uneasy. As if…something’s coming. I know Pawn has his Soldiers and there’s Gold-rank adventurers in my inn, but they’re not there all the time. And the dungeon is dangerous—Relc is always talking about it. So…I’m just taking precautions. I’m going to talk to Pisces about one more thing he can do, and try to cross-breed slimes.”
Brunkr stared at Erin. She knew she wasn’t making too much sense, but she just felt strongly that she should be doing something. Her head turned.
The Gnoll saw Erin looking around the room, and then look towards one of Krshia’s walls. There was nothing there, but Brunkr knew that Erin was pointed northeast from the position of the setting sun in the sky.
“There’s something…coming. Something bad, I think. I just feel uneasy.”
“Hrr. If you say so, I will agree. But what? Could it be the Goblin Lord? The monsters from the dungeon? Something else?”
Erin shrugged. But she looked uneasy. Brunkr had seldom seen Erin looking nervous, but now she did.
“I don’t know. But I just feel like I should be ready. Like we should all be ready.”
She reached out and pushed the half-full jar of poultice towards Brunkr.
