4.18
Page 14
“I have no idea. But a healing slime sounds…very profitable. Or it could run me out of business. Why don’t you talk to one of your [Mage] friends about that and uh, tell me if it works?”
“Will do! How’s fifteen gold coins for the lot sound?”
“Fifteen—hey, wait!”
The Stitch-Girl saw all the potions and items Erin was trying to walk out with. She rushed out from behind her counter to stop Erin.
“That’s worth way more than fifteen gold coins! Even with my usual markup! You can’t just take them, Erin!”
“Well, that’s all the room I’ve got in my budget. Look, I need this stuff, Octavia.”
“Yes, I understand that by you trying to take them. But—”
“Who told you how to make match sticks?”
Erin stared at Octavia. The [Alchemist] opened her mouth, and then closed it.
“But—”
“Just this once. One debt paid, how about that? And I’ll give you more ideas in the future.”
“But—I—”
“I really need these, Octavia. Please?”
Octavia looked like she might have an aneurysm as she stared at the potions piled up in Erin’s arms. She looked around for inspiration, and stared at the boxes of matches on display in her shop. She gnawed at her lip and nodded.
“Just once. Then we’re square, got it?”
“Charge me as much as you want another time. Thanks!”
Erin left the shop and carefully lined up all the potions in one of her pantries in the kitchen. Lyonette stared at the bottles and bags in awe.
“How did you pay for all of that? Is there any money left over?”
She looked almost afraid to ask. Erin nodded.
“I got it for cheap. Again. I’m cashing in favors here.”
“Why?”
Lyonette looked curiously at Erin. The [Innkeeper] hesitated and poked at her stomach. Same feeling.
“Call it a hunch. Look, I’ve got to go into Liscor for one more thing. Can you tell Ceria, Typhenous, Revi, Pisces, Moore…you know, all the mages that I want their help? The key word is ‘slimes’. Also, ‘healing’. Maybe ‘acid’, too.”
“Slimes? Healing? Acid? Okay, but I think they’re busy…”
“Tell them I’m calling in my favors if I have them! I also want to talk with Pisces about the undead! Tell him he’s not in trouble so he doesn’t run!”
Erin called out and left the inn at a trot. She had one more destination that day.
 
—-
 
“Thank you for doing this, Erin.”
Brunkr sat in Krshia’s apartment as Erin applied the poultice that Octavia had given her. She spread it gently on his infected arm, trying not to make the Gnoll wince.
“How’s it feel? Better?”
“Much.”
Brunkr gingerly flexed his arm as he stared at the red gash in his arm. It had stopped leaking pus. The first few molds that Octavia had managed to isolate hadn’t done much for him, but this one was effective—or the honey and regular cleaning were doing their job. Erin had checked on Brunkr all week, and he was looking better each day.
Now the gash was actually healing. Brunkr was also well enough to be hungry, and he’d eaten half a cow already, or so Krshia told Erin. He seemed fit again as well.
“Have you been working out?”
“I have been running. It does not bother my arm, and I am restless, now that I feel better.”
Brunkr grinned at Erin. He let her wrap his arm carefully with the bandage she’d prepared and then offered her something to eat. Since Erin had forgotten to have lunch, she had some of the sliced raw meat the Gnolls loved so much. Someday she was going to get sick from it, but it tasted really good.
“I’m glad. If you keep healing like this, Ryoka thinks you might be able to use a healing potion soon.”
“I would not risk it after last time.”
