4.18
Page 11
“It looks great Lyonette, really. But why don’t you put it in your room before Ivolethe attacks? Let me know if the bee starts to move. Actually, let me know the instant it moves, okay? In fact…I’ll go down to the city right now and buy a leash.”
“A leash?”
Lyonette blinked at Erin. Erin nodded.
“Yes. A leash. Because you’re going to leash your bee, right?”
“I—don’t know. I hadn’t thought about it. I was just raising it—Apista, I mean. I don’t know if I can control her.”
Erin stared at Ryoka. The other girl shrugged. Erin turned back to Lyonette with a smile.
“Let’s find that out soon, okay? Great! Uh…keep it—her—away from the Antinium too.”
Both Pawn and Bird had noticed the bee Lyonette was holding and were staring at it. They looked innocently away as Lyonette glanced over.
That done with, Erin grabbed gold coins and silver ones and rushed into Liscor. She found Krshia selling salt by the sack in her shop. The Gnoll looked happier than she had in ages.
“Erin. It is good you are here, yes? After your last visit Brunkr seems better. Hrr. Much better, yes. Will you visit him? He has been asking about you.”
“Sure! I’ll visit him tonight. Listen, Krshia, do you have a, uh, leash? And collar? I’ve got a bee that’s about to hatch and I do not want it flying around before I know if it’s an angry bee or a nice one.”
Krshia blinked at Erin, but she nodded when she heard about Apista.
“There are dog leashes which can be adjusted. And collars. One of my cousins in the city, he breeds dogs. I think he will have some that can be used.”
“Gnolls have dogs as pets?”
Erin paused. She’d seen some dogs in Celum, but not in Liscor. Krshia shrugged.
“It is not too common. Some Gnoll tribes breed dogs to be eaten or as pets, but pets are difficult to raise in a city, yes? But some Drakes like pets. Gnolls have an easy time training dogs anyways. We are pack leaders to them.”
She grinned toothily. Erin looked at Krshia and thought that if Gnolls ever made it to earth, Cesar Millan would probably be out of a job.
“Cool. Great. Also—bows. Do you have, uh, recurving bows?”
“Recurving? You mean…recurve?”
“Yeah. All the curves. Or…composite? Reflex? I’m asking for a friend.”
The Gnoll [Shopkeeper] nodded.
“I shoot a recurve bow myself. I know a very good [Bowyer], and I will introduce him to you, yes? He is part of my tribe so he will give you a discount. What bow did you want? Enchanted ones are very expensive.”
“Uh…I want something that’s good to shoot birds with. I have money.”
Erin looked pleadingly at Krshia. The Gnoll sighed and smiled, and made time to go with Erin to the said bowyer and select a fine recurve bow made of yew. It cost a metaphorical arm and a leg, too.
“Twenty six gold coins?”
The bowyer nodded, looking proud of his work. Erin stared at the bow dubiously. Krshia coughed and motioned Erin aside so she could talk to her.
“It is worth hundreds, yes? Yew is good wood. Some say the best. And the bows are hard to make. This is a price at its base—without counting labor, only parts. A bow for this price, it would be four hundred gold coins if shipped far north, or to a place where there are no good bow makers. Enchanted bows may be worth more, but this is finest work.”
“Wait, then why am I paying—”
“A favor. For Ryoka’s friend, yes? The debt is honored. And Erin Solstice and Ryoka Griffin are both of the same tribe.”
The [Bowyer] nodded at Krshia, smiling widely. She winced as Erin stared at her.
“What did Ryoka do?”
