4.19
Page 11
“Shouldn’t we be? What’s the use of tensing up?”
“We like tense. And serious. Halrac and I are both former soldiers—and we hunt Griffins. Idle chatter in the field can alert our quarry and get us all killed.”
“Right, that’s in the name of your group. I wish we were so efficient.”
“No you don’t. You’d quit if you couldn’t talk every two seconds.”
Moore nudged Jelaqua with one finger. She grinned and swatted at him.
“Okay, I wish I was that efficient.”
“Each to their own. It’s not like the Halfseekers don’t get the job done.”
“True. Hey, was that a compliment? From Halrac the Grim no less. Hah!”
Jelaqua laughed and Halrac scowled. She waved at him.
“Don’t take it so personally. I’m happy to hear that, really. And I wish I had a title. All I get called is ‘corpse snatcher’ and ‘body thief’, and all Selphids get called that.”
“I didn’t ask for my title. Ulrien doesn’t have a nickname. There’s no reason for me to have one if you don’t.”
Halrac snapped and rose. The acid had stopped, although the walls were still wet. He went to study the room with Seborn while Jelaqua turned to Ulrien. The Selphid looked concerned.
“I didn’t mean to offend him.”
Ulrien grimaced, looking at his friend’s back.
“Don’t take it personally. Halrac just doesn’t like the attention. It’s nothing to do with you.”
“Yeah, well, you know how titles go. We don’t choose them, other people do. And you have to admit, it suits him.”
Jelaqua winked slyly at Halrac, whose shoulders had tensed up. Ulrien smiled and covered it with a hand.
“He has a point, though. Halrac’s one of the best [Scouts] on the continent, and probably one of the best ones working as an adventurer, but he’s hardly as noticeable as your team is. Come to that, the Halfseekers have more of a reputation in the south than Griffon Hunt does.”
“Aw. Stop. You’re making me blush. See my orange cheeks?”
Tickled, Jelaqua laughed and pointed to her cheeks, which were indeed glowing slightly orange. Ulrien smiled and Typhenous leaned forwards, chewing aggressively while crumbs fell into his beard.
“Ulrien does have a point, though. I’m quite old, but the Halfseekers have been around for a long time, haven’t they, Miss Ivirith? I wouldn’t be surprised if you were older than I was. When I was young, I remember hearing you’d come from Baleros as a Silver-rank adventurer. I recall a time when the Halfseekers were one of the best Gold-rank teams on the continent. There were seven of you back then, weren’t there?”
Jelaqua stopped laughing. She lost her smile, and Ulrien saw Moore sit up slightly. The two Halfseekers looked at each other wordlessly. Typhenous coughed.
“Forgive me if I misspoke. I did not mean to pry.”
Adventurer deaths were common, but each party remembered their own differently. Halrac and Ulrien had buried more than a few friends, and it was courtesy not to bring up the fallen. But Jelaqua shook her head. She put her hands on her knees and sat cross-legged as Moore rested his weight on his staff, looking tired.
“Eight. There were eight of us, not too long ago. We were great, yeah. We thought we could become a Named Adventuring team. None of us were on that level of course, but together? We could have taken down a nest of adult Crelers and fought our way through a trio of Wyverns like that.”
She snapped her fingers softly. Halrac and Seborn half-turned—they were trying to saw through parts of the grate. Jelaqua waved a hand and they turned away.
The other adventurers sat a bit closer. Revi scooted over, looking concerned.
