4.19
Page 14
One of the last traps had extended back into the corridor and one of the camouflaged wall scorpions had nearly stabbed Ulrien through the face. It had got Revi in the arm, but she’d pulled her arm off and had cut the envenomed cotton away. She still needed a healing potion though, and the pain from reattaching her arm and feeling the wound in her flesh for a few moments had made her more snappish than usual.
“Hold! Who goes there?”
“Us! It’s always us!”
Jelaqua shouted as the [Guardsmen] on the barricades heard them coming up the tunnel. After a pause they were allowed to continue, and the Gold-rank adventurers found a flurry of commotion on the wall. One of the Gnolls tossed down a ladder so the adventurers could climb up. The rest were packing up their gear and heading towards the city.
“What’s going on?”
Ulrien and the other adventurers were immediately alert. The Gnoll paused long enough to growl at them.
“Trouble. Something just crawled out of the second dungeon entrance! The Captain’s locking down the gates! If you want into the city, hurry!”
He loped off towards the gates. The adventurers looked at each other. Typhenous frowned.
“Up through the chasm? But that rift stretches down hundreds of feet—”
“Not a problem for some monsters, especially if they can fly. What should we do? I can scout the trouble.”
Halrac was looking at Ulrien. The big man considered their options. As Gold-rank adventurers they were expected to help in times of crisis, but that didn’t mean taking on every threat, especially when a city like Liscor could easily defend its walls from most enemies.
Revi shook her head as the Gold-rank adventurers conferred.
“It’s not our fight. Why invite trouble?”
“Erin’s inn isn’t within city limits. That’s all the trouble you need, especially if whatever’s out there decides they want an easier snack.”
Jelaqua pointed that out and Ulrien nodded. He turned to Halrac.
“Halrac—”
“I’m gone.”
The [Scout] charged through the snow, running fast despite the deep drifts as he scouted ahead. His Skills would let him see danger and avoid it which is why Ulrien let him go alone. Jelaqua was looking at Seborn.
“I could let Seborn—”
“Not necessary. Halrac’s a [Scout]. He can retreat if anything comes at him. Unless Seborn has similar Skills?”
“Point. Let’s get to Erin’s inn, then!”
The Gold-rank adventurers began marching hard through the snow, keeping an eye out for trouble. On the walls of Liscor, they saw Drakes and Gnolls running back and forth. The gates closed as a group of people streamed through it. The Gold-rank adventurers marched on, yet the monsters weren’t visible from their position on the snowy plains.
“There’s Halrac!”
Revi shouted as she saw the [Scout] racing towards them over a hill. Halrac waved his hand and pointed north—both teams of adventurers picked up the pace and met him halfway.
“Undead! Two Flesh Worms, two Crypt Lords—a score of Ghouls and lesser undead as well.”
“From that hole in the ground? How?”
Jelaqua demanded as Halrac took a few deep breaths. The [Scout] grimaced.
“It looks like they crawled up the hole somehow. They probably used the ropes those idiots left! I think the Flesh Worms carried both Crypt Lords. And the undead—I’m fairly certain they’re the group that left.”
“Damn it.”
Ulrien wasn’t one to curse often. He frowned as he looked towards the Wandering Inn in the distance. It was near Liscor, and it wasn’t a stretch to think the undead might target it.
“Didn’t Liscor have a big problem with a Flesh Worm one time? A special one?”
