4.19
Page 12
“What happened then? If you don’t mind telling. I remember hearing the Halfseekers had lost a lot of their group, but I never heard what happened.”
Typhenous cleared his throat gently.
“I ah, heard it was in relation to the Sepicus Delve, where you fought through the caverns and looted the swallowed treasures…?”
“Close, but not quite.”
Jelaqua grinned and then shook her head, closing her eyes and frowning sadly. Moore’s head was lowered.
“It was actually after that. We got chewed up down there, but we came back, all eight of us. I was wounded and needed a new body, Moore was too hurt to walk and needed the poisons leeched out of him before he could be healed and Seborn was asleep when it happened. Our other five members were checking over our loot when a fight broke out.”
“Over treasure? But that’s such a rookie…”
Revi broke off at Ulrien’s glance. Fighting over magical artifacts was a typical end to many groups, but he had a feeling that wasn’t what Jelaqua was referring to.
He was right. Jelaqua shook her head.
“If it was a quarrel over treasure…no. This was different. It was betrayal, pure and simple. One of our own turned on us. He slaughtered four of our own and fled with everything we’d found. We went after him of course, but we never found him. Moore, Seborn and I are all that’s left.”
Silence fell after Jelaqua’s story. Ulrien stared at the Selphid.
“That is odd. Fighting over an artifact is one thing, but killing? Was what you recovered so valuable?”
“No! And that’s the damned thing!”
She struck her leg repeatedly, brushing her dead flesh until Moore grabbed her hand. He spoke while Jelaqua looked down.
“I am afraid the matter isn’t so cut and dried, Ulrien. If it were just treasure our companion wanted…we might have given him all of it. We don’t discriminate if the needs of one of our group outweighs the other. But instead, our friend—”
“That bastard.”
Jelaqua muttered. Moore nodded.
“He ran with everything and killed our companions. Not because he feared we’d make him share, but, we think, to hide what was stolen.”
“An artifact of great power?”
Typhenous sat up, eyes alert. Moore nodded quietly.
“Or a secret.”
“And he’s still at large? Your companion? Who is he?”
Ulrien looked at Jelaqua. It seemed incredible that a Gold-rank adventurer could turn traitor and he not hear of it. Normally every adventurer within a thousand miles would receive a bounty on the head of the adventurer. The Adventurer’s Guild did not tolerate traitors. But Jelaqua and Moore paused.
“He’s alive, but there’s no bounty on him and no one knows he’s out there but us. We couldn’t tell anyone else except for our closest allies, and we had few of those even in the good days.”
“You can count us among them. If not to help, at least to listen.”
Ulrien spoke for his group. Jelaqua hesitated. She looked at Moore and he nodded. She sighed.
“Okay, but you’ll understand why we kept this secret. You know the Halfseekers are all about taking races that don’t quite fit? Not just half races like half-Elves or half-Giants like Moore…people like me. Selphids. Races that don’t quite fit with other groups. Well, our last member was really different. He was a Goblin.”
Revi gasped. There was a clang, and then an oath. Halrac, working in the room next door, had dropped his metal file in surprise. Of course he’d been listening as well. Ulrien stared at Jelaqua.
“No. A Goblin? How could that be possible? They’re savages.”
She shrugged tiredly.
