4.19
Page 10
“I haven’t had time to see Revi fight. She’s your second [Mage], right?”
“[Summoner], actually. She can conjure spirits of Stitch-warriors or summon other creatures. It’s useful, but not when we’re disarming traps. Her summoned creatures can’t think for themselves.”
“Ah. Here we go. Would you like to do the honors?”
“Sure.”
Halrac kicked the ball of heavy matter into the room. He saw the grating descend fractionally, and then both he and Seborn leapt backwards.
“So that’s the trap.”
“Yep. Acid mist.”
Halrac and Seborn backed up into the previous room as all the Gold-rank adventurers drew back. A very fine spray of colorless liquid was shooting down from above. It didn’t affect the stone or metal, but the instant it struck the plants and webbing, the ball began smoking and disintegrating with a subtle hiss.
Jelaqua shook her head as the others waited for the trap to finish its work. As a warrior, she and Ulrien were of the least use in this situation. She leaned against a wall with Ulrien, ready to help if called upon, but mostly alert for a monster sneaking up around them. Since they were fairly confident no monsters existed in the trapped rooms they’d passed through, she allowed herself a short conversation.
“How many more rooms are like this, do you think?”
Ulrien shrugged his broad shoulders as he watched the acid make the stone walls slick with moisture.
“Impossible to say. But there has to be a limited number. Once we’re through here, we can be sure our exit’s safe. Unless there’s a teleportation trap hidden on the way back?”
He looked at the other [Mages], all of whom shook their heads. Typhenous tapped the walls with his staff.
“I have been checking for that diligently, as per your orders, Ulrien.”
“As have I.”
Moore nodded. Reassured, Ulrien looked at Revi. She shrugged, looking embarrassed and annoyed.
“Not my specialty! I told you that Ulrien! But I haven’t seen anything either.”
He nodded. The adventurers sat back when it became apparent the acid wasn’t stopping anytime soon. They began to chatter idly while they waited. Other, less-experienced groups might have stayed on their feet or tried to find something to do, but the Gold-rank teams knew patience was their biggest asset.
“Acid mist. Great. Didn’t Erin say she used to sell acid?”
“Sell acid? You must have heard her wrong.”
“I’d believe anything of her. Want to try and bottle it up?”
“It’s magical acid. It’ll disappear after a few minutes.”
“Ah.”
“I hate traps like these. What’s the point? A few seconds of acid and you’re dead. Why waste spell power keeping it going?”
“I guess in case someone casts a spell. The acid probably wears away at magical protections too. If you’ve got an enchanted cloak for instance, this is probably when the acid eats away.”
“Nasty. Hey, anyone want some food?”
“You brought a snack? What’s the point? We’re five seconds away from Liscor.”
“I get munchy when I’m bored, and this is boring. Toasted baguette anyone? I’ll share. Ham and cheese. Erin made it for me.”
“I’ll have some.”
“Well, if you’re offering…”
Jelaqua split her sandwich with Typhenous and Seborn. As they ate, Ulrien looked over at his counterpart. Jelaqua’s white face was pale as death, and she was unmistakably a corpse, but there was still life behind the eyes. Literally.
“You lot are very relaxed, especially in the middle of a dungeon.”
She grinned at him, chewing and swallowing her meal. Part of Halrac wondered whether Jelaqua could taste the food she ate—then he remembered her complaining about trying to keep her body’s taste buds fresh so she could enjoy food.
