4.19
Page 8
The Halfseekers had already seen the trap and just shook their heads. Halrac grimaced at the trap.
“Simple, but deadly. That second layer of spikes is malicious—and probably overkill.”
“The difference between a dungeon designed for vengeance and one that’s not?”
Revi looked at the others and got a nod from Seborn and Halrac. Having seen the trap, the adventurers drew back to confer.
“The trap’s got a timer of around one hour before it resets, and the spikes are smaller…the spell probably needs more time to fully recharge. We can keep triggering it each time we go through, but if the aim of all of this is to clear all the rooms going in so we’ve got a way out, we can’t have that trap still here.”
“I agree. Can any of you dispel it?”
Jelaqua and Ulrien were both of the same opinion. Typhenous, Revi, and Moore were all inspecting the spell, but it was apparently hidden in the ceiling. Seborn and Halrac were in their own conference, inspecting the room now the spikes were gone. Both [Scout] and [Rogue] were ready to leap to safety if the trap reactivated, but their Skills were telling them they were safe for the moment.
“I’m of the opinion the trap is magical. It activates the moment I cross this threshold. See?”
Seborn was talking to Halrac. The [Scout] nodded. He could see a faint aura around the part of the room Seborn had described.
“Cross that line and step anywhere in the room and the trap activates. Want to try breaking the floor?”
“Worth a shot. Do you have a hammer?”
“Allow me.”
Ulrien stepped forwards and both Seborn and Halrac retreated. The big [Warrior] took his greatsword out and gripped the blade with both of his gauntleted hands. Using the hilt of his sword like a hammer, he cracked the stone floor with a mighty strike.
“Hm. Not spelled against strikes. Will that do it?”
Carefully, Ulrien inspected his greatsword as Halrac and Seborn knelt by the cracked stones. Ulrien’s blade was enchanted, but he obsessed over it. Halrac nodded as he saw no aura around the stones.
“That does it. Let’s tear up the room and see if that deactivates the trap.”
So they did. Moore and Jelaqua and Ulrien began hitting the ground, Moore with his staff, Jelaqua with her flail, and Ulrien with his greatsword. All three could break the stone and Halrac, Seborn, Revi, and Typhenous helped clear the rubble away.
No one used a hammer. A sledgehammer was less useful than an enchanted weapon. You could swing Ulrien’s greatsword all day and not chip the blade or hilt, whereas a sledgehammer would eventually break.
It was hard on the hands, though. Twice Ulrien had to take a break and massage his hands. Half-swording, as the technique he was using was known, was not meant for repeated strikes like a hammer.
By the time an hour had passed, half of the room was destroyed and the smooth tiled flooring had been broken away and a rougher surface had been exposed. Seborn once again entered the room and very cautiously walked from side to side, testing to see if the trigger mechanism for the spell had been successfully destroyed.
It had. However, that didn’t meant everyone crossed through the room at once. Halrac carefully entered the room and did the same test as Seborn, senses alert for anything suspicious. Only after he was done did he let both teams go through one at a time.
