4.20 E
Page 15
In short, he’s turned overnight from a [Farmer] into someone with the right skillset for what I need. The change in his class doesn’t change him as a person, but it’s terrifying to see how competent and sure of himself he became from me telling him he had a different class.
That knowledge and the knowledge that the advice I was given was right weighs on my mind for all of twenty minutes before the adventurers get my attention. Beniar and Odveig have apparently nominated Wiskeria to talk to me, perhaps because she’s the most well-spoken.
I don’t care, but it gives me an opportunity to get another measure of her as she delivers her report. The adventurers have traveled in every direction for quite a few miles thanks to the Windfrozen Rider’s mounts, and found any number of spots devastated by the avalanche, but few dangers to speak of.
“We uncovered what looks like a bear’s den in the hills, but there’s no other large animals or monsters nearby. We’ll keep an eye on it, but the bear should stay put until the spring. With your permission, we’ll range further afield and try to bring back some fresh meat.”
Wiskeria’s report is concise and to the point. She gives me her opinion that the village is safe from all but opportunistic scavenger animals—the occasional fox and squirrel—and the adventurers are already growing restless, looking for a challenge.
I give her full rein to have some of the adventurers hunt and others help with the village, and then bring up a topic more important to me.
“I hope you and the others weren’t too surprised by my, ah, class. I didn’t mean to keep it hidden, but the attention would have been troublesome in Invrisil. Are you surprised, Wiskeria?”
The [Witch] pauses for a moment before she replies.
“I am…amazed, your majesty. I hope my team has not offended you in any way. Odveig was worrying, and I think Beniar is afraid to speak with you.”
I listen to her voice. Wiskeria’s tone is straightforward, but there’s not as much stunned incredulity in her tone as there is in the other adventurers when I speak to them. I shake my head.
“I took no offense. But I hope your teams can be counted on to be a bit discreet?”
“Of course, sir. If you wish it, none of us will speak about your class.”
I smile.
“And you haven’t already sent back word to Invrisil that I’m an [Emperor]?”
This time I sense Wiskeria hesitate. Aha.
“I—”
“I don’t mind. Just please know that I’d prefer an unpleasant truth to a lie to my face.”
“Yes, your majesty. My deepest apologies.”
She bows her head and I feel uncomfortable. I cough.
“I imagine you have some questions about why I choose to settle in Riverfarm. And who I am, I suppose.”
“A…few. Would you indulge me, sire?”
She’s looking at me. I smile again.
“I’m afraid that whatever questions you have will have to wait, Wiskeria. However, I do want to talk with you soon about what I’m doing here and what the Celestial Trackers and the Windfrozen Riders might gain from staying here longer.”
A pause. Then Wiskeria’s voice.
“You want us to stay here. To become your subjects.”
She’s sharp. I cover my reaction with a delicate nod.
“It’s an offer I’m thinking of. I’m not asking you to decide right away. And if you think it would bother the others, by all means wait before telling them. I’d just like you to watch what’s going on here. And then decide.”
