4.21 E
Page 14
“Bear. You said bear—”
“Oh, right. Haha.”
I’m too nervous to laugh at my own pun. I reach out and feel Durene deposit the heavy basket into my arms. I step forwards with it, and guided by Durene’s voice, place it at the entrance of the cave.
“Hello? Bear?”
Something ahead of me growls. I back up fast, and hear Durene move. I hear movement—and wish with all my heart I could sense what’s ahead of me. I get the impression of something big and heavy coming my way, and then a wet snuffle. The bear is investigating the basket, but it smells both me and Durene. It growls warningly.
Time for my brilliant plan to go into action. I clear my throat nervously.
“Uh, hi.”
The bear growls. I hear Durene shift and raise a hand.
“Hold on, I’m friendly.”
The bear doesn’t seem to listen. I hear it take a step and then Durene speaks.
“Laken—”
“Stop.”
This time the bear stops dead. I stare ahead, sightless, and hear Durene’s breath catch. Yes, now the feeling’s in me. Will. That is what an [Emperor] is. I project it at the bear, ordering it.
“Listen to me. I am not your enemy.”
It makes a whining sound and I think it backs up. I step forwards and Durene squeaks. But in this moment, as I am, there is no fear. An [Emperor] cannot be afraid when he is ordering a subject, and this bear is my subject. That’s how I must think of it.
“Look at me. See? I am a friend. Friend. And this is food. For you.”
It’s like speaking to Frostwing, I feel. I have a bond with my bird that allows me to feel what she’s thinking. With the bear, I have no such link, but I can still imagine what he’s feeling. Confusion, hunger, maybe a bit of fear—but I am not his enemy.
And I think my voice reaches him. The bear doesn’t retreat and he doesn’t whine—instead he makes a whuffing sound that sounds tentative, almost inquisitive. I smile.
“Hello there. I’m Laken. Who are you?”
Shuffling. Durene makes another noise and I turn to signal her to stay put. And then—fur. I jerk in surprise and feel the bear’s face jerk back from me. Durene moves.
“Stay put, Durene.”
I breathe the words. The bear is only a few inches away from me. I can smell his sour breath, hot on my face. He’s sniffing at me almost like a dog, and I can feel his size. My knees want to quiver. A small, primate part of me wants to shriek and flee. But the rest of me is calm.
He is not my enemy. He is my subject.
And then the bear nudges my face with his. He blows hot air into my face—I sneeze on him. We become friends.
Of a sort. The bear is wary, but when it’s clear neither I nor Durene are openly hostile, he immediately turns his attention to the basket. It’s got all the food I know bears love. He paws at it, knocking the basket over and begins gulping down the food on the floor.
“Laken, do you think I—?”
Durene starts to the bear and it backs up in surprise. I wince as it nearly tramples my foot with its claws.
“Better not, Durene. I think you might be a threat to him. You’re as big as he is—”
“Take that back! I’m not as big—well, maybe I’m sort of—he’s a lot heavier than I am!”
I can hear Durene flushing, but the moment breaks the tension. The bear continues eating. I poke it in the side and it doesn’t even feel the gesture. So I take the moment to run my hands along the bear’s side. It grunts. In pleasure?
“You really are crazy.”
Durene’s voice is wondering. I can hear her edging around the bear for a better view, and then her voice lifts in surprise.
“Hey, what’s that?”
“What’s what, Durene? Is there something in the cave?”
“No, on the bear.”
“What on the bear?”
