4.21 E
Page 13
“Maybe it’s luck or a Skill you have, your majesty, but I’d swear half of those villagers could put up a good fight if you gave them arms. I’d hate to be a [Bandit] gang that tries to rob this place.”
“And Goblins?”
He grimaces.
“Your average Goblin? Hardly a threat, sire. But Goblins around Invrisil are nasty. They have to be—we purge every tribe we come across as a matter of course. And the monsters around here get nasty. So the Goblins—”
“Are just as nasty.”
“Just so, sire.”
“Well, keep training them. I’ll—”
I break off. Frowning, I stare away from the village, in the direction of our cottage. Beniar stares at me.
“Something wrong?”
“There’s someone in my cottage.”
I sense it. But when I get there with a panting Durene and Beniar, there’s no one to be found. However, Frostwing is shrieking her brains out. I ask Durene to look around, but nothing seems to be missing.
“Maybe it was someone from Windrest?”
“Maybe.”
I frown, but there’s nothing I can do, and there’s certainly no reason for me to post a guard on the cottage. Still, I wish I could identify people precisely with my [Emperor] senses. Who would want to check out my cottage in the first place?
It might just be a coincidence. But the next day, I find something else unexpected.
 
Day 65
 
“Are you sure we should do this, Laken?”
Durene’s voice quavers a bit as I hike up the slope with her in the lead. I’m grasping the back of her shirt as she walks. I’d normally use my cane, but I’ve grown so accustomed to moving about without it that I leave it in the cottage most days.
However, my [Emperor] senses don’t extend beyond the village limits, and so I’m blind out here. Blind, and possibly making the dumbest mistake of my life.
We’re trudging up a small hill towards the bear’s cave. Yes, the Mossbear’s cave. Durene has a large basket of dried fruits, cured meat, and other goodies. All things a bear might like.
“Why are we doing this, Laken? Couldn’t we just let it sleep?”
“Yes, but the trouble is, I don’t think it’s asleep anymore, Durene. The bear woke up once—it might wake up again. And I’d rather not have it go looking for food, especially if we can parley.”
“With a bear?”
“If we can. Just let me do the talking. You hang back a little bit.”
“What if it charges at you? I’m coming with you!”
“…Okay.”
In truth, I’m grateful. It’s one thing to have a stupid idea, and another thing to carry it out. But the Celestial Trackers have said the Mossbear is moving from his cave now and then, and I’ve been worried about what he might do.
What would you do if a bear was active in your vicinity? Run from it? Set a trap? Hunt it? Bury it in its cave? All of these options were given to me, and so I chose the dumbest idea I could think of myself: feed it.
It’s not entirely insane. I’ve explained my reasoning to Durene and she doesn’t buy it, but it makes sense to me. I was able to speak to the bear once. Intimidate it. Get it to leave. True, I had a bunch of scary humans and Durene with me at the time, but I am a [Beast Tamer]. And what is a bear if not a beast?
It’s just…a lot bigger than Frostwing is, that’s all. I feel Durene stop and stop with her.
“Is it…?”
“Just ahead. I can see the entrance. Laken, if it attacks—”
“Beniar’s waiting with a group of his riders. If the bear’s angry, he’ll lure it away. Just run, and take me with you.”
“If it comes after you I’ll kill it.”
There’s a steel core of determination in Durene’s voice. It shocks me for a moment.
“Don’t risk yourself, please. Running is fine. I know you’re strong, but I couldn’t bear for you to get hurt.”
“Hah!”
“What?”
