4.21 E
Page 8
They’re not a mounted group, so the idea seems fine to me. Wiskeria voices her agreement immediately.
“We could send several groups out, sire. There are trails of deer and other animals we picked up—”
It’s Odveig who interrupts her, shaking her head adamantly.
“Not a good idea, Wiskeria. I think we’ll keep our group here by your leave, your majesty. There could be trouble and I’d hate to fail our contract if we don’t keep you safe from all dangers.”
She frowns at Wiskeria and I frown too. But Odveig is the leader and she makes sense. The Mossbear could wake up, or something else could happen.
“If you’re sure. In that case Beniar, I’ll let you take three of your riders and hunt…the rest will spread out with the Celestial Trackers nearby…”
Every day has a challenge. Today’s is rats. Apparently, the new ground Prost is trying to dig up has rats.
In the winter.
“How are there rats, Mister Prost?”
I walk around the edge of the new village boundary. I can vaguely sense this place, mainly because the villagers are laying down the foundations of the new houses as we speak. Prost grimaces.
“The little devils have to make their burrows somewhere, Emperor Laken.”
“Yes, but…what do they eat? How can they survive?”
“There’s root stores in the ground, and the rodents prey on our fields. I reckon there’s a few burrows here—they’ll infest the houses and cause a mess if we can’t get rid of them first.”
“Right…how do we do that?”
Prost sighs, sounding vexed.
“Only way is to dig up all the ground about here with pitchforks and kill the damned vermin as they come out.”
I frown.
“That sounds like it’ll take a lot of time and effort we don’t want to spare.”
“Yes sire, but it’s the only way. We don’t know where they could be hiding—”
Wait. I frown as Prost says that. Rats, hiding in the ground? I feel like…I feel like I might be able to solve this one. I cut Prost off and stare at the ground. This area is mine. Vaguely mine. And I can sense what goes on in the ground, can’t I? I saved the villagers that way. So why can’t I look—
Down.
My senses go beneath the earth. I sense thick, rich loam beneath my feet, roots—the remains of a grass stalk and its system. And across from me—two feet down, a tunnel network. Something moves in it. Big, furry, chewing at a bug that wriggles through the soil—
“Emperor Laken? Sire?”
A hand touches my shoulder and I nearly jump out of my skin. I start, look around. Prost is staring at me with concern in his eyes. I blink at him, and then grin weakly.
“Mister Prost, I think I can solve our problems. But we’ll need a way to kill the rats when they come up. Unless you’re planning on stomping the rats to death or hacking them apart?”
I don’t think I could stand to see that. But Prost only smiles.
“No sire, we’ve a time and tested way to deal with that!”
“Oh?”
 
—-
 
Dogs. Eight dogs of varying shapes and colors snuffle around my feet and sniff me, wagging their tails as they circle around Prost and a group of [Farmers] with shovels and pitchforks. I watch as Prost sticks his pitchfork into the loose, frozen earth that’s been broken up and lift it with a grunt.
Something squeaks. I recoil, and the dogs go nuts as a group of rats unearthed by the pitchfork flee. The dogs growl and run down the rodents in moments. The [Farmers] cheer them on, whistling as they unearth more rats which the dogs hunt down with almost contemptuous ease.
