4.21 E
Page 3
“I don’t want to disrupt you. I just thought I’d ask how you’re doing.”
“Well, sire. I’m happy to be helping and be back in the village. I uh, this is Tessia and Erhart. Tessia’s a childhood friend. She and I, uh—”
Gamel stammers and introduces me to two people, one of whom is a young woman he’s clearly biased towards. They introduce themselves, bowing and curtseying awkwardly—although both are wearing trousers and thick clothing because it’s cold.
“Your majesty, I’m honored.”
The young woman known as Tessia has a quiet voice as she introduces herself. Erhart seems tongue-tied at meeting me.
I smile at Tessia, and then remember a young woman with a shard of wood sticking out of her leg as the digging team pulls her out of the snow. She remembers too, and bows low over my hand as I offer it.
“I—I wanted to say…thank you. I can’t ever say what it means—I thought when I was down there—”
Her voice breaks. I grip her hands as Gamel reaches for Tessia’s shaking shoulders.
“I know. I’m glad I could help.”
That’s all. I leave the two to the tree and step away. I’ve had similar conversations with almost all of Riverfarm’s people at one point or another. It’s not embarrassing so much as painful when I speak to them.
I wish I could have saved them all. But I know what was impossible.
Something else attracts my attention as I talk about how many trees need to be cut for the new defenses. I sense a large number of bodies entering the outskirts of the village and hear shouts coming from that direction.
“Prost. I think the people from Windrest are here.”
Prost and I hurry over to where the commotion is happening. In my sense of the village I can tell a huge crowd has entered, accompanied by a few donkeys pulling wagons, overloaded carts with valuable possessions—
It’s a nightmare. I didn’t expect an entire village’s worth of people! No—I did expect it, but seeing the population of Riverfarm double in a moment blows me away. If I didn’t have my inner view of the village, the noise alone would render my sense of hearing useless.
“There he is!”
I hear a voice. Helm is shouting and waving towards me and Prost as we stride towards the crowd. I hear the majority of voices cut off, and then every eye is on me. A few people begin whispering incredulously in the crowd.
“Is that him? Is that—”
“An [Emperor]? In Izril?”
“Why’s he got his eyes closed? You can’t mean he’s truly blind? Not—”
“Attention!”
Prost’s voice shouts across the entire village. I can sense the man standing tall beside me. He waves a hand and the villagers fall still. Oh, well if Prost’s got it—I relax a bit. Too soon!
“Kneel before Emperor Laken, the Protector of Riverfarm! In his mercy, he has allowed you to—”
I elbow Prost in the side and cut him off before he can say anything more. Okay, not what I hoped he would say. I clear my throat, and take a few steps forwards. Every eye is on me. I speak, calmly, reassuringly.
“I am Laken Godart. An [Emperor].”
Voices. Murmuring. I wait for silence, and go on.
“I welcome you to Riverfarm, people of Windrest. Please know that you will be safe here. However, while you stay in my domain, you must obey me as your ruler.”
Shock—I wish I could see their expressions, with my eyes. I sense people shifting around me. But I don’t move. I am that I am. Calm. This is how it is.
“I own these lands. If you cannot accept that, I am afraid there is no place for you. But know this: while you are here, I will do everything in my power to protect you. You have my word on it.”
