4.21 E
Page 15
“It looks—looks like there’s a patch of his fur missing. I can’t see at this range.”
“Wait, what? Where?”
“Along the neck. Can you find it?”
Tentatively, moving very slowly I run my fingers down the bear’s head, trying to find the spot Durene mentioned. The bear lets me do it—it might be my insanity talking or my [Beast Tamer] class, but I have the sense that I can interact with him, at least to this level.
My fingers run across something odd. Short hairs, bristly. The bear farts. I recoil and Durene gags. When the air clears I go back to the bear, coughing.
“Hm. That’s odd.”
Durene’s right. A patch of the Mossbear’s fur is indeed missing. It’s hard to tell with my fingers, but my impression of the bear is that a good chunk of his fur is definitely absent near the nape of his neck.
“Why’s that there? Do you think someone cut it off when we were fighting?”
“No, there’s no blood. And the fur’s too neat. This was no accident but…huh.”
Another mystery. And not one the bear can solve; he eats all of the basket, turns, sniffs me, goes to crap in the woods and walks into his cave. That’s about the extent of my interaction with him; I never claimed I would be best pals with him, and nor is this Winnie the Pooh.
Lovely book. Not many people know that Winnie the Pooh came from a book written by an English author, long before he became a Disney animated character. But I digress.
Durene and I leave the bear’s cave and twenty meters later, Beniar rides out of the woods, practically shouting his amazement. The rest of the village clearly thinks I’m insane and fearless by equal measures.
It’s just more embellishment for my reputation as an [Emperor] if you want to be cynical, but I did it because I wanted to see if I could. I know something now. An [Emperor] can command more than people. I know this because the second test I did was to get a few dogs and march over to the fields where the first house’s walls were already standing upright.
A few rats survived the purge of two days ago. I sense a few under the earth. The dogs pad around me and warily edge back from Durene as I stand in the frozen snow. I point at the earth. At the rats hiding there.
“Out!”
The earth shifts. Three rats wriggle out of the earth and the dogs bark and fall on them. I stare at the ground. One of the rats is staying put.
“So it doesn’t work on all of them.”
“So you can command rats? Can you call me a deer? I’d love to eat fresh meat for dinner.”
Durene looks wistfully at me. I shrug.
“Worth a shot. If I expand the boundaries of my domain, I could try it. Not all of the animals obey me entirely, though. Maybe if I level up as [Beast Tamer]…or is it [Emperor] that decides it?”
“Dunno. Look! Ew! One of the rats is in pieces!”
“I’m just as glad I can’t. Durene, could you kick up the dirt right here, please?”
She does so obligingly. I failed to mention the rat. I didn’t think it would be an issue, but when it ran up Durene’s leg and she screamed—well, I supposed I didn’t think to ask how afraid of rats Durene is. It took several apologies and some cuddling that night to calm her down. But on the whole? Another successful day.
 
[Beast Tamer Level 7!]
[Skill – Animals: Basic Command Obtained!]
 
“Wow. I’ll finally be able to make Frostwing stop crapping on my hands.”
“Wha…? Laken, you say something? It’s late.”
“Nothing, Durene.”
 
Day 66
 
It’s just past midnight when I hear the pounding on Durene’s door.
“Emperor Laken! Sire! Please get up!”
