4.21 E
Page 7
I feel coldness inside my heart. Goblins. I nod to the village.
“Do you think they’ll come here?”
“Unless they get what they want, it’s a surety, sire. We’ll double our patrols, but I’d be more comforted if I knew how many Goblins might come our way. We can handle Hobgoblins, a large band, even a Goblin [Shaman] if one of those bastards is hiding among them. But Goblins can come at any time, from anywhere. That’s what makes them dangerous.”
“I understand. And I have a plan to deal with that, Beniar.”
“Do you, your majesty?”
He sounds skeptical. I just smile at him.
“Trust me.”
He hesitates. I can hear him getting off his horse, and then shouting for some soup for himself and fodder for his mount.
“For some reason, I do your majesty. Emperor Laken.”
“Oh?”
I’m a bit uncomfortable with Emperor Laken, but it is who I am. And Beniar seems to think so too. I sense him nodding towards the villagers.
“I’ve never seen a [Lord] shaking common folk’s hands before, much less an [Emperor]. It gives them hope. I…I’m glad you care about villagers, sire. I was one once, too.”
“Villagers. Lords. We’re all people, Beniar.”
He laughs shortly.
“Yeah, but you’d not see a [Lord] care so for common folk.”
“Really? Then—here.”
I hold one of my hands out to Beniar while I cradle the hot soup bowl with the other. He stares at it. I waggle my fingers impatiently.
“Go on, shake it.”
He does, tentatively. I smile at him and take another hot spoonful of soup.
“Well? How does it feel? You’ve just shaken hands with an [Emperor]. I’m no [Lord], Beniar. I’m better than that. I care about all of my subjects. And I’ll protect them no matter what.”
He stares at me.
“Does that include us, sire? Me and my riders?”
“I’ve hired you. While you work for me, I’ll do my best to make sure you’re as safe as anyone else.”
“That’s reassuring to hear, your majesty.”
“Yes, it is, isn’t it? Let’s work hard to make sure I’m not made into a liar, Beniar.”
“Yes, your majesty.”
 
[Emperor Level 10!]
[Skill – Empire: Low-born Militias Obtained!]
[Skill – Rallying Presence Obtained!]
 
“…Is there an instruction manual or something?”
“Whuzzat, Laken?”
“Nothing, Durene.”
 
Day 62
 
People skills. That’s all being an [Emperor] is. People skills. Or is it more like a video game about allocating resources? My job as an [Emperor] is not to manage the details of what I do—I have Prost, Helm, and the other older villagers to take that duty off of me. I look at the grand scheme, give broad orders, deal with situations—
And make sure people do what’s most effective. Which is why Beniar’s enthusiasm can be a problem.
“Give us the order, and we’ll bring back enough game to feed the village, sire! My team can cover countless miles and be back by the end of the day!”
Beniar seems determined to be of help the next day, but in an odd way. He’s offered to hunt, and I admit, having a food source might be just the thing now that we have far more mouths to feed than I had projected for. Prost calculates that we have enough supplies to last for a month, but not through till spring anymore.
Still, I shake my head as I talk with Beniar and the other adventurers in the morning.
“I’d rather have your people patrolling. A few hunters might be acceptable Beniar, but your riders need to patrol.”
“As you say, sire.”
He’s disappointed, but his idea is solid. I turn to Odveig and Wiskeria.
“Do you think you could hunt with your group, Odveig? Wiskeria? If the Windfrozen Riders patrolled, I think we could spare the Celestial Trackers.”
