4.22 E
Page 12
She says it as if she has no idea what might be coming next. I nod gently.
”Someone was in my cottage. It wasn’t one of the villagers. I’d suspect one of the Windfrozen Riders, but they were patrolling a good ways out from the village. However, I recall that the Celestial Trackers were deployed closer to the village. Just in case. Which means you could have snuck in on that day.”
“I—are you—”
I fold my arms. I can hear Durene’s teeth grinding from here. Wiskeria makes a few incoherent noises. Then—
“I didn’t do it. I cannot prove I wasn’t there, but—I would swear to it under truth spell.”
“Too bad we don’t have one. And I suppose you had nothing to do with a villager from Windrest named Rehanna challenging me publically today?”
“No! How could you assume I’d—”
“Mossbear attack, going through my cottage, inciting my subjects…all actions worthy of a [Spy].”
“You mean—me?”
Disbelief. Shock. A hint of outrage, but mostly confusion and fear. That’s what my ears tell me and my senses confirm Wiskeria’s posture matches these emotions. For a moment I feel uncertain.
She sounds very convincing for a spy. But isn’t that what any trained spy would sound like? My stomach hurts. I can only trust in what I’ve observed, the conclusions I’ve come to.
“Emperor Laken. Your majesty.”
Wiskeria licks her lips, clearly afraid. She glances at Durene again before speaking urgently to me.
“I did not do—any of the things you believe I did. I did take the Mossbear’s fur, but only as a precaution! Its attack was a mistake, and I swear that’s the truth.”
“And the other things? Are they coincidences?”
“Perhaps. Perhaps not. They seem suspicious—but I can only say I had nothing to do with them.”
She says it faintly, knowing how it must sound. I sigh.
“I don’t believe you, Wiskeria.”
I hold up a hand as she protests.
“…But I can’t prove you’re not telling the truth. So here’s what I’m going to do. I’m going to imprison you. Take away your wand, put you in a house and under guard…and ask some questions. If you can’t answer them, or your friends can’t, well—”
“I can’t accept that. Sire.”
Wiskeria interrupts me, sounding panicked. She half-pushes back her chair.
“I would be in danger for my life if your villagers found out what I was accused of. They—your subjects would kill for you. I don’t want to die or be held captive for weeks.”
“Sit down.”
Durene growls at Wiskeria. The [Witch] hesitates, and does not. I look at her.
“You have no choice, Wiskeria. I’m not about to risk another incident, or working with someone I can’t trust.”
I can’t. Not now so much is at stake. But Wiskeria is shaking her head.
“No, I can’t—won’t be held here when there are Goblins about! What if they attack?”
She speaks pleadingly to me.
“I’m willing to leave and void my contract, Emperor Laken. After the Goblins are dealt with. Or return with a truth spell testimony proving my innocence. But I can’t let you take my wand.”
“Wiskeria, I have no choice. You have to know how this looks—”
“I do. And I’m sorry for this. [Paralyzing Touch].”
Before I can react, I feel her finger on my chest. I gasp and my body goes rigid. Durene shouts. I sense Wiskeria going for the door.
My body’s frozen, but my mouth can still move.
“Wiskeria, stop! Don’t make this worse!”
She doesn’t reply. She’s ducking around Durene, hand raises, shimmering with magic. I can sense Durene hesitating. What do I do?
No good answer. But I know she can’t get away. I look to Durene standing by the door.
“Durene. Hit her. Gently, so she can’t get away.”
“No!”
