4.22 E
Page 9
She must have leveled up from the training and killing the Goblin. I smile at her.
“I’m no good at guessing.”
“Just guess anyways!”
“Okay…[Shield of Radiance]? [Holy Hands]? [Sword of Justice]?”
A pause. Durene sounds downcast.
“No…those sound like great Skills. Mine isn’t that good.”
“Durene…I made those up. Whatever Skill you have is wonderful. But you did ask.”
I sigh, but smile at her. Durene perks back up.
“You did? Okay, then. Well I got…are you sure you don’t want to guess again? No? Okay, I got…[Quick Strike]!”
“Oh! That’s great!”
I try to sound as happy as she is. Honestly, I have no idea if that’s a good Skill. It sounds…cheap? But Durene seems happy about it.
“Let me show you how it works. I was going to try it with Beniar.”
“Yes, Durene told me all about it. [Quick Strike]’s a basic move. It’s more common to get [Power Strike] and move from there, but Durene’s strong enough. I’ve a shield—why don’t you try and touch me? She hasn’t so far Emperor Laken. Today might be her lucky day, though.”
Beniar’s a bit too cocky and full of pent-up energy at the moment. I’ve seen him training with Durene and the others and he doesn’t let anyone touch him with a sword no matter how hard they try. I suppose he’s got the Skills, but it does seem like bullying at times.
Durene’s never come close before. She has that wooden club of course, and her shield, and both are too slow for Beniar who’s adept at dodging and keeping his distance. Now Durene takes a stance and gingerly swings at him.
“Too slow!”
Beniar laughs as he ducks her club and nimbly springs forward to tap Durene on the stomach with his practice sword. She jumps and swings her shield at him, but he’s already moving back. I sigh internally, frustrated a bit.
It’s not that Durene’s that slow, I think she’s also afraid of hitting Beniar, a fact which he capitalizes on. I’ve seen them do this before, and I don’t want to see Beniar bullying Durene for a few minutes. However, today’s my lucky day.
“Take this!”
Durene lashes out with her shield and Beniar sways back. The shield misses him and he grins. He’s taking a step back when Durene shouts.
“[Quick Strike]!”
Her arm blurs. I hear Beniar’s voice and a thud almost at the same time.
“Oh sh—”
To his credit, I think Beniar saw it coming. He tried to block and then dodge when he saw the club coming. But he was too slow.
Thanks to my [Emperor] senses, I saw the entire thing. Beniar stepping back, the sudden acceleration of Durene’s club to wicked fast speeds—and the impact. I enjoyed it more than I should.
In the aftermath, Durene stands horror-struck over Beniar as everyone turns to stare at her.
“I didn’t mean to! I didn’t—is he alive?”
He’s groaning on the ground, which answers her question. I squat next to him and speak gently.
“Good thing Durene was aiming for your chest, huh, Beniar? I don’t want to imagine what your head would have been like.”
“Agh! No, sire.”
 
—-
 
A bit of fun, a bit of frustration. Neither occurrence goes unnoticed. Soon, Beniar’s up and treating Durene with a lot more respect, and Prost’s seeking me out.
“I heard what happened, Emperor Laken. I’ve had a word with that Rehanna woman, and let me apologize for her words, sire. Few folk think like her—”
“But they do think like her, Prost. Don’t worry, I’m not offended—or vengeful. But if people feel that way, I’d like to know. Preferably without the rudeness, but I’d still rather know than not.”
“Yes, sire. I’m sure she’d never have said as much, but that woman’s a hothead and a malcontent. And I think she was prompted to it.”
