4.22 E
Page 8
I don’t speak to her, but to the Riverfarm men and women who approach, looking ready to grab her. They stop, reluctantly, and I stare up into the woman’s face. She’s glaring at me.
Hah. That’s funny. I smile and sense her stare faltering. She doesn’t get the joke.
Fierce, glaring…it doesn’t matter. I don’t bother to use [Intimidating Glare]; there’s no point. I can show these people that I can stand up for myself without a Skill.
She’s pretty tall. I look up and meet Rehanna’s eyes with my closed ones. I feel her hesitate. I almost smile, but keep my composure. Internally though, I have to smile a bit. Yeah, that’s right. Didn’t think about it too hard, did you? What’s the point of trying to scare me?
There’s no way to stare down a blind man.
“You are frightened.”
She starts and opens her mouth. I talk over her.
“You are frightened of the Goblins and afraid. I understand that. Everyone is frightened. However, we must work past our fear.”
Heads are nodding around the room. I look past Rehanna, hearing her splutter for words, and then back at her.
“That doesn’t excuse what you have said, but it tempers my decision. I won’t kick you out of my village because that would be cruel and you would die. And I won’t order you beheaded or beaten, and I’ll make sure no one harasses you. When this is over, you’re free to go. But until then, you will address me with respect.”
She hesitates. Now would be the time when she apologizes. Does she? Not a chance. That would imply she’d thought any of this true. Instead, she thrusts her chin at me.
“I won’t kneel to you. I came here to survive, but I won’t bow and scrape under your rule no matter what you offer.”
I hear someone growl. Actually growl. I just sigh. Why is it that some people will keep digging a hole when they’re already ten feet under?
“I won’t ask you to kneel, but I will have you obey. And if I were you, I wouldn’t say another word.”
I turn. At some point you have to walk away from a stupid argument or end up being just as stupid. And I have more important work to do. I’m halfway out of the barn when I hear the woman’s voice.
“Or what?”
That’s it. I pause. The barn is silent, and I can sense the woman behind me. Trembling with bravado and fear. Trembling. I can see in my head her every flaw, her imperfections. Why does she pretend? I can see right through her.
I don’t turn. I open my mouth and say one word.
“Kneel.”
I hear a gasp and someone falls to her knees. I keep walking and don’t look back.
Do I feel good about that moment? Yes. I gave Rehanna every chance and she kept pushing. I was lenient in this. Far too lenient, perhaps. But everyone saw.
Next time, if she’s stupid enough for a next time, I’ll have to get nasty. I don’t want to imagine what I’ll do, I only know that it will be unpleasant for me—and quite unpleasant for her. I don’t fully care. Sometimes you have to trample over people, I guess. That’s what it means to rule. She’ll obey, or I’ll have to crush her—
Wait, crush her? Where did that thought come from?
Troubled, I make my way over to the training grounds—a patch of cleared dirt where I can hear people shouting and hitting each other or the wooden sticks that have been set up. And then I hear a far more pleasant female voice.
“Laken!”
It’s Durene. I hadn’t seen her this morning—as usual she’s been rushing about the village, helping people out. I regret not being able to spend more time with her. And she has a surprise for me.
“I’m a Level 9 [Paladin]! I got a Skill—guess what it is? Guess!”
