4.22 E
Page 2
“Your majesty, I’m as fit as can be. I’d ride out to hit those Goblins in a flash if we knew where they were! Just give the order and I’ll scout with my group—far faster than the Trackers!”
He’s also itching to find the Goblins and exact payback for Fabiel, his teammate. I have to overrule Beniar, though.
“I can’t let you leave the village unprotected, Beniar. I’m sorry for your friend’s loss, but it’s too risky. If you’re shot at again—”
“I’ll know it’s coming this time, sire. Last time was an ambush. This time I’ll dodge.”
“I have no doubt you would. But my villagers can’t dodge arrows like you.”
Instead of Beniar riding forth, I let him teach the villagers and Durene. There’s definitely a renewed interest in learning to fight now, and thanks to my Skill, the villagers are fighting well. But we don’t have enough swords to go around; Helm is working on forging some, but he lacks enough iron, let alone steel to make many. Without that, people are training with pitchforks, shovels—Gamel has a club he’s hammered nails into. He keeps asking to trade it for a sword with someone.
“A ragtag army, sire. But it’ll do for a small group of Goblins.”
Beniar’s professional opinion is that the villagers are ready for a fight if the adventurers support them. I wonder if they’ll break and run if it comes to that. The villagers might have the ability to fight thanks to my Skill, but the temperament? No.
As the sun is halfway down in the sky, I hear a horn call and leap to my feet, abandoning a lunch with Durene. It’s not a Goblin horn—this one’s from the Celestial Trackers and urgent. I rush outside with the others and see a woman wearing a dark brown cloak sprinting into the village, shouting.
I think we were all waiting for it. The villagers freeze and I turn my head.
“Odveig?”
She’s already running to the adventurer.
“Report!”
There’s no hesitation in her voice now, as there always is around me. The woman gasps for air—she must have been on the perimeter, scouting the forest.
“Goblin group. Five hundred meters to the southeast—I saw two Hobs and at least thirty smaller Goblins!”
“That’s our cue! Let’s ride!”
Beniar’s already mounted. Odveig turns to me as Wiskeria runs up, clutching her magical wand.
“Your majesty?”
I hesitate only for a moment.
“Do it. If you hear a horn call from here, double back at once.”
The adventurers nod and race out of the village, Beniar leading and shouting, sword already drawn. They’re gone for five agonizing minutes and I hear nothing. Then, to my surprise, they all return at once.
Odveig and Wiskeria are on foot, and practically dragging an incensed Beniar back. He dismounts, shaking with anger.
“Nothing. They’ve covered their tracks. We could follow them, but Wiskeria and Odveig both agreed we’d be walking into an ambush. We let them get away!”
“It was the only smart choice, Beniar.”
Wiskeria defends herself as she argues with the leader of the Windfrozen Riders. Beniar’s voice is hot.
“I’d ride them down if I knew where they were, ambush or not! We could have attacked—”
“And done what? Two Hobgoblins were in that group. If they got the drop on your riders—”
“Better than letting them attack again! I’m telling you, we had the advantage!”
“Against thirty? You idiot, together we’re only twenty in number, and with two Hobs—”
“Enough!”
I raise my voice to stop the argument. Everyone looks at me. I’m aware of the villagers listening to the adventurers shouting. This can’t be good for morale.
“You three, come with me. Prost? We’re going to make a plan.”
