4.22 E
Page 13
Wiskeria backs up, hands raised as Durene makes a huge fist. She knows how strong Durene is. My half-Troll girlfriend could kill Wiskeria with a punch. Durene looms over Wiskeria, abandoning the door.
“Give up or I’ll hurt you.”
Wiskeria slowly raises her hands and backs towards a wall. She glances at me, and realizes she’s got no excuses. But she still speaks desperately.
“I’m innocent. You’ll see that in the end. Just don’t—I don’t want to die. Not here! I didn’t even want to take this contract on! I was against it!”
“What?”
Durene pauses for a second. Wiskeria speaks rapidly, eyes flicking left and right, too afraid to move and be hit.
“We normally take on contracts for monster exterminations, scouting, that sort of thing! We get the occasional request from the Reinhart family! I told Odveig there was no need to spend this much time on escort duty, but she insisted!”
“Odveig did?”
“Yes! She insisted! Said we’d get no better deal though we could have been hunting Frost Golems or making gold coins selling pelts! I have no idea why she wanted—”
“Wiskeria? I heard [Emperor] Laken wanted to talk to you, and I heard shouting. What’s going…?”
Someone opens the door. I sense Odveig come in.
“What the—? Odveig?”
Wiskeria gapes at her friend. Durene turns, but keeps her focus on Wiskeria. I’m…
Dumbfounded. Was that coincidence? No, it can’t be. That was movie-level timing right there. Was Odveig outside? Why was she here? I didn’t notice she was outside the cottage!
And suddenly the pieces in my head change. Odveig. Wiskeria’s actions. One of the Celestial Trackers. I shout.
“Durene! She’s the spy! Get her!”
Durene swings around. Odveig curses.
“Damn. He is smart.”
She steps nimbly to one side, unhooking her mace. Wiskeria is gaping, staring at me. Durene raises a hand.
“Hey, stop—”
Durene grabs for Odveig. The [Macewoman] steps back and as Durene misses, slides forward like a ghost. She taps Durene behind the knee with her mace and Durene’s leg collapses.
“Huh?”
The half-Troll girl goes down onto one leg, sounding stunned. She turns, reaches for Odveig, and Odveig taps her on the head with the mace.
“Sleep.”
I hear Durene hit the ground. My protector, my mighty [Paladin] knocked out. Just like that.
“Odveig!”
Wiskeria raises her hand. Odveig steps back as Wiskeria tries to touch her with the [Paralyzing Touch] spell. She hits Wiskeria; I hear a cry.
“Sorry, Wis. I didn’t want to let you take the blame…or let you find out this way. But I have a few secrets.”
The [Witch] crumples to the ground. I’m still locked in place by her spell. I sense Odveig coming around behind me, still holding her mace.
“Well, you are a very intelligent young man, Laken Godart.”
“Thanks. Is this the part where you tell me why you did what you did?”
I’m stalling for time. Odveig shrugs.
“You guessed. I’m a spy. That’s not my class, but…how did you know I broke into the cottage? How did you find out what was in Wiskeria’s bags without looking?”
“I sensed it.”
“Ah. Interesting.”
I feel all the hairs on the back of my neck trying to dance. I wait. Odveig moves closer.
“I have so much I’d like to ask you, but your protector might wake up soon and my cover is gone. So I’ll just say this.”
I feel someone brushing hair around my ears, and then a higher-pitched voice, an elegant tone, so unlike Odveig’s accented words.
“Lady Magnolia sends her regards. She will be very interested to speak with you once I deliver my report. If you survive.”
I feel a chill as Odveig whispers into my ear. I’m afraid to make the wrong move, tense. I can sense her holding her mace at her side.
