4.23 E
Page 10
Durene roars and swings her club. Two Goblins die. She hammers another one into the ground, dead the moment her weapon touches him. On the hill, an [Emperor] howls and his people rush forwards around the Troll, screaming, fearless.
The Goblins are warriors. Not heroes. They break and flee as they are overrun.
A screaming band of riders rushes out from the village, weapons and armor covered in blood. They charge the Goblins from the side, cutting down Goblins from behind.
Not one escapes. The last is crushed by a massive hand. Durene tears the Goblins’s arm from his socket and hurls the body to the ground to stomp on it. In the sudden silence, every head turns.
Like magic, the villagers, the adventurers, and the half-Troll turn to look at a young man. He stands by himself, apart from the fighting. Something is looming in his shadow. He stands like a giant amid the dead, and for a moment his words are bolts of lightning, strings that death cannot cut.
Then it fades. He sags and villagers drop like stones. Laken Godart stares at his hands. They are not covered in blood. They are wet instead.
With tears.
 
—-
 
It’s over. The Goblins are dead. But it is not over.
There are wounded to attend to. So many. So many dead. In truth, not that many—
Not all. But more fall by the second, whether from exhaustion or mortal injuries, it’s impossible to say. Prost carries people to beds, opens healing potion bottles with trembling hands. It’s a race against time and some die despite his efforts.
And mine. I open bottles, hand them to people, pour the liquid over wounds and wait for them to close. Some don’t. I’m just one person in the village. One person among many that no one speaks to.
No one can look at me. No one speaks to me. I think they’re afraid to. I can barely exist myself. I—feel like I was another person for a while. I feel like another man’s memories are in my head.
What did I say? Why did I say it? How could I—
I stop and lean against the wall of a house. It’s cold. I feel sick. I want to throw up, but I can’t. I am their [Emperor]. I gave them the orders. No one else did. I ordered them to fight, and when they were dying, I told them to live.
Because I willed it.
And then I remember Gamel. I find him among the wounded, lying on a cot in the barn. I slow as I see him.
“Gamel?”
“Emperor?”
He stares up at me. I can feel his hands shaking as they try to grip mine. The gaping wound in his stomach is gone. All healed. But the trauma and blood loss can’t be healed so easily. He can’t stand.
He is hovering at the edge of life and death. He was dead. He was meant to be dead. The wound’s closed, but he can’t be alive. Like the old man with the rake. He was still moving afterwards. But though the potion closed his injuries, he never opened his eyes.
“Gamel. I’m sorry.”
“I—was happy to serve. You gave me strength.”
Gamel struggles to talk. I can see something in his eyes, fading away again. I shake my head. Tears.
“I shouldn’t have. I took something from you. I—”
“Wanted to. Give. A ruler is more than a man.”
I stare down at Gamel.
“No. Yes. He is. But I am still sorry.”
It’s not a word. Just a question in his eyes. I sit by Gamel. The words come out of me slowly.
“A ruler can afford to see nothing but pawns and tools or break his heart against his duties. But the mortal, human soul in him must cry out for every injustice he commits. Or he is no ruler, but a monster wearing the same skin. I am both. And I am sorry.”
“Still my [Emperor]. Saved us. I’ll live.”
I smile. My heart is twisting in my chest.
