4.23 E
Page 1
It’s too much. I can sense the villagers’ fear, sense the adventurers wavering. Odveig’s sudden departure and the suspicion Wiskeria was put under has rattled both groups. Wiskeria’s in charge now, but she’s jumpy too. Whatever relationship I had with her is strained…
But we’re all in the same boat. I don’t know if Odveig—I mean, Sacra, got away safely, or if she was killed by the Goblins. We’re cut off right now. Isolated.
But not hopeless. Not yet. Once I’m done talking to Prost, I stride over to my one hope, my secret weapon, my ace in the hole.
Jelov looks up at me as I find him eating in the barn.
“Your majesty, can I do something for you?”
I don’t waste time with pleasantries.
“The markers, Jelov. Are they done?”
He sounds startled.
“Yes, your worship. Not polished as good as could be, but—”
“Good, have them brought out. I’ll be using them in a few moments.”
I leave him scrambling to get up and find Wiskeria. I think she’s trying to hide from me, but I know where she is. The [Witch] tenses.
“Your majesty, about Odveig. I—”
“Wiskeria, how dangerous would it be to go…let’s say four miles out of the village with a wagon and plant something in the ground?”
“Plant? What?”
She stares at me. I’m not making sense. I take a steadying breath. Calm down.
“I have six—no, seven wooden markers. Each one’s thick—and heavy. I’m sure you’ve seen Jelov carving them.”
“I—yes, sire?”
Still not making sense. I speak slower.
“I want to plant them in the ground. Each one needs to be hammered into the ground in a circle around Riverfarm. Deep. Somewhere where they won’t fall down, around four miles or so away from the village. Can it be done with a small group? Without danger?”
Wiskeria stares at me. She opens her mouth, hesitates, and then answers without asking the why of it.
“I suppose it’s possible, your majesty. It’d be a job for the Windfrozen Riders, and risky. If they’re attacked. Otherwise we could send out a huge band, but that would leave the village undefended and I guarantee the Goblins are waiting for that moment.”
I nod.
“Okay, a small group, then. What would that entail?”
“…Four riders, I suppose. Six, maybe, depending on how heavy the markers are. It would slow them down, and hammering it into the ground would take—”
“What if Durene carried the markers? She could probably drive them into the earth with her bare hands.”
Wiskeria gulps and I hear the noise.
“That could work. But it would be dangerous.”
“You’ve said that. How dangerous?”
“I wouldn’t risk it, your majesty. Why—”
“Give me odds, Wiskeria. Solid odds. Out of ten.”
She pauses.
“…Four in ten odds they’re attacked, sire. If they move fast enough, if they keep in the open.”
“Good. In that case—do it. Seven points around Riverfarm, evenly spaced as possible. A perimeter. Four miles away from the village, each one.”
“But—”
“I’m not discussing this, Wiskeria. Do it. Take Durene with you to make it quicker and however many people you need to feel safe, but get it done.”
I turn away from Wiskeria abruptly. My faith in her is…weakened. I thought I could trust her. She wasn’t the spy, but she did place us in danger with the Mossbear. That might have been her doing, not Sacra’s. That she didn’t come clean about it bothers me most.
And Sacra. It seems like she was one of Magnolia’s spies, someone who could pose as a Silver-rank team leader when needed. Was her hiring Wiskeria really due to them being old friends? Or was the entire team in on it?
