4.23 E
Page 5
“Perhaps. But if we run, they’ll hunt us down, Prost. If we can fight them back…there is a chance. We’ve been training the villagers, and there are over a hundred and fifty of us.”
“Not all warriors, sire. Many children, folk too old or injured to fight, and most’ve never fought anything before. A far cry from a seasoned Goblin [Warrior].”
“Yes. I know.”
Silence. I can sense the adventurers and Prost looking at each other. But there’s no options available. Wiskeria clears her throat.
“We can rely on the palisades, block off the main street now we know they’re coming. I’ll prepare spells; see what the best area to fight in is.”
“I’ll do the same.”
Beniar springs to his feet. I raise a hand and he stops.
“There’s something else.”
I detected a group of Goblins splitting off from the main force, circling around the village. They’re clearly trying to flank us. When I tell Wiskeria that, she nods.
“How many?”
“Twenty…three. Including one of the Hobs. That leaves less Goblins to attack from the front, I guess.”
“But more to hit us where we least want them. I have a proposal, your majesty. If we let the Windfrozen Riders handle them—”
“What?”
Beniar’s outraged. Wiskeria freezes him with a cold stare.
“You have seven people in your group, Beniar. Seven, including you. I doubt you could fight off that many alone. We’ll give you some other villagers who can use bows.”
“Yes, but—that leaves the Trackers and villagers to hold off forty Goblins and a Hob!”
“We’ll have to do it. We can’t risk being attacked from two sides. If you can finish off your group, you can help us. But we can’t let ourselves be overrun.”
Wiskeria’s in charge. She’s taking command in this moment and no one, including me is about to stop her. I can’t see the map she’s looking at, and she understands more of war than I do.
However, my input matters. I talk with Wiskeria as Beniar goes out to let his party know what they’ll be doing. Prost is already organizing a barricade.
I can sense her glancing at me from time to time. After a while, she breaks off from asking me what the Goblins are using as weapons—swords and spears, mainly with a few axes for good measure—and speaks quietly.
“I…wanted to apologize, your majesty.”
“For what, exactly?”
“For casting a spell on you. For not telling you about the Mossbear fur. For Odveig…all of it. I know that if I were in any other kingdom, the punishment for any of these things might be my life. I can only beg for forgiveness.”
I grimace.
“I put you in a bad spot, Wiskeria. I’m still angry about the Mossbear fur, but I understand that was a precaution.”
“Yes. I was actually trying to drive it off before you did. I didn’t understand why it was so furious—I suppose Odveig might have done something to it.”
“Well, her actions are not your fault, Wiskeria.”
“But they are. She is—was—our team leader. Because she did all these things…”
“Tell you what, Wiskeria. We’ll sort out blame after all of this. But if you fight and put your life on the line with all of us, I’ll consider that a very strong endorsement of your innocence. Deal?”
“Yes, your majesty.”
“Now tell me how likely it is you think we’ll survive.”
For a while she’s silent. Wiskeria traces the map and I hear the rustle of paper.
“Truly? We’ve no [Strategist] or [Leader] and neither do they.”
“I’m an [Emperor].”
“Yes, but—I apologize, your majesty. However, you’ve not said you have any direct combat skills. Without those, the battle remains as it is.”
“I see. You’re correct. In that case…”
