4.23 E
Page 13
“Of course not. But it has to be this way, Durene. How can a [General] be both a [Strategist], [Warrior], and [Leader] all at the same time? It’s because he—”
“Or she.”
“Thank you. Yes, or she—must be all these things and arguably just as good as an expert in all three fields. There’s a famous [Lord] in the north named Tyrion Veltras. Apparently he’s not only able to manage a vast amount of his lands, but he’s one of the leaders who commands the Human armies when they fight against the Drakes. To me, that sounds like he’s got at least two classes’ worth of Skills packed into one.”
“Oh. That’s good, then. So you’ll give more classes to other people?”
I nod, staring at my hands. This is one of the things I can do for them. I owe them this.
“I’m going to make Gamel my [Knight] if he wants me to. If not—there are other classes I’ve thought of. I have a few good suggestions, too. Wiskeria will offer the rank of [Captain] to Beniar to start with, and if I need to, I’ll give him a higher rank. If he doesn’t like that, I’ll see if he wants to wear armor. If there’s a [Cataphract] class, I’d love to see if his [Riders] could obtain it by wearing armor.”
Durene nods. She stares across the village, at the churned ground, still stained in places, where the fighting happened. She feels at her arm where the sword cut her.
“So how do you know all this, Laken? Claiming lands with markers, giving all these classes out—did you think of it yourself?”
“No. Actually, I…”
I break off and look around. But no one’s nearby to listen. Still, prompted by some hunch, I lean over to Durene. She obligingly bends her head down.
“I…was given this advice by someone. Let’s call it some insider advice. Ah…you don’t know what I mean by that, do you, Durene?”
“Nope.”
“My…informant, let’s call him, was rather strange. He seemed to know exactly how a lot of things would turn out and he knew a lot about my class. He admitted as much. So I’ve used a lot of his suggestions—”
“Like making Mister Prost a [Steward]? And turning Wiskeria into a [General]?”
“And the trick with the totem poles—I mean, markers. Yeah. It’s a bit odd how much was exactly like he said. I was wary about taking all the advice, but it was free, and there’s a saying where I come from…”
I trail off for a second. Durene nudges me.
“What? What’s the saying?”
“Oh, ‘don’t look a gift horse in the mouth’.”
She shifts and I hear her voice rumbling in confusion as we sit together.
“Why wouldn’t you look one in the mouth? It could be dangerous. What if it was a Dresh Horse? You’d be sorry for not checking, then!”
I have to laugh at that. Trust Durene to come up with a practical answer to a silly folk saying.
“What’s a Dresh—never mind. I get it. And you’re right. But I can’t help but think someone’s on our side out there. Or at least, we’re getting help because it suits someone for the moment.”
“Okay, but when did you meet him? I never saw—”
“I’m not around you all the time, Durene. In fact, I met him in Invrisil. While I was there.”
“Really? But—”
“I’ll tell you all about it. Later. Hold on, someone’s coming.”
I stand up, suddenly worried. Someone is coming. Someone on horseback. Odveig? Sacra?
It’s not her. Instead, a man on horseback rides into the village, staring at the Goblin bodies and asking for me. He’s escorted to me by the villagers, some of whom are holding weapons.
I’m not worried. The man showed Prost his Runner’s Seal. Some use horses. And he has something for me. The man clears his throat a few times and I hear him speak quite nervously as he half-bows in my direction.
