4.23 E
Page 4
I don’t open my eyes. There’s really no point. But suddenly, I’m back in my body, lying in Prost’s house, as Durene shakes me and Prost, Wiskeria, and all the villagers who can fit in the room over around me. I can sense them all, hear their distressed voices. Gamel is clutching the bedframe so hard I can sense the wood splintering a bit.
“Durene? Stop shaking me, please.”
“Oh! Thank goodness!”
She sweeps me up into a hug that nearly kills me. I gasp, and Wiskeria and Prost manage to make Durene let go. I sit up, breathless, and look around. Prost hovers around me, worried.
“Your majesty? What happened? One second you were speaking, the next, you fell over!”
“I’m fine, Prost. I told you I had a plan. Thanks for catching me. Now…I need to get up.”
“Are you sure? If you need to rest—”
“Up, Prost. And then you, Wiskeria, and Beniar will meet me…right here. Everyone else can get out. Durene can stay if she wants. We’re going to end this thing with the Goblins right now.”
 
—-
 
This is what an [Emperor] sees. Three people, a young man, an older young woman, and an older man standing around a dining room table in a house still bearing the marks of the avalanche. I sit in a chair, holding a mug of tea.
And see my empire. Now it’s a huge plot of land, not just a village. I see forests and hills, animals, grass and trees buried under the snow, and all things in between. This is mine.
And there are trespassers on my land. Thanks to my senses, I can count them all. I can see where they are. And I know we’re in trouble.
“Sixty four Goblins? And two Hobs?”
Wiskeria looks at me. Credit to her, after all she’s been through she can still focus. Even more credit—after hearing what I’ve said, her voice is only slightly shaking.
I nod.
“And you’re…sure, your majesty? Absolutely sure?”
“Absolutely. I may have miscounted—”
“Oh?”
“It may be higher. They move around and I lose track. But it’s at least sixty four. At least.”
She pales. I turn my attention from her, to the fidgeting young man. Beniar stares at me.
“How can you know this, your majesty?”
I shrug.
“I can see them. The markers you placed claimed this land as mine. I can sense everything that goes on in my empire, including how the Goblins are moving. It’s a Skill that [Emperors] have. Or maybe just a function of my class. I don’t know.”
Beniar’s open-mouthed, staring at me. So is Prost, but Wiskeria’s focused on what I’ve said about the Goblins.
“Sixty. That’s…too many. We’ve twelve of the Trackers and seven of Beniar’s riders. We’ll be overwhelmed. And two Hobs—each one’s as dangerous as the Mossbear. More dangerous because they can think.”
Beniar nods. He strokes at the stubble around his chin, sounding worried.
“Sixty four. I uh—if they’re not trained warriors—and if they are—well, it’s doable if we can catch them off guard, right, Wiskeria?”
He turns hopefully to the [Witch]. She nods with less conviction and looks at me.
“Do you know where they are, your majesty? We could ambush them and whittle their forces down. I have a few spells I could use if I had the time…”
I wince. Here’s the bad part. I shake my head as Prost turns, sharpening a kitchen knife with a whetstone.
“They are coming. I—tipped them off.”
Prost’s hand slips. I sense the blood and hear him curse. Beniar starts and Wiskeria gets up—
“It’s nothing. Your majesty, if they’re coming, we’re doomed. At least, that’s what I understand from my own class and the looks on these adventurer’s faces.”
