4.23 E
Page 6
“We have Durene. She might be as strong as a Hob, but she’s never fought before. We outnumber the Goblins, but only with the villagers who are as inexperienced. And these Goblins are trained, deadly. It will come down to your people, sire. They would win no matter what the odds if they were without fear—”
“But they are afraid.”
“Yes. And they will die, and see their friends and family dying. They’ll pay the cost in blood. And if they break and run—”
“We die.”
“Yes.”
Wiskeria takes my hand for a moment. Her hands are cold and clammy. I squeeze her hand gently.
“Well then, I suppose it’s my job to make sure that doesn’t happen.”
I sense her smile weakly. We say little more. The village is alive with fear, with tension. But also, strangely, a bit of certainty. After so much waiting, the Goblins are finally coming. For all of us, there’s some relief in that finality.
I don’t want to die here. Wiskeria and I part ways after a while. I want to be with Durene for the hours before night, when we think they’ll strike, and she has work to do.
“Emperor Laken? May I ask you one question?”
Wiskeria stops me before I go. I turn.
“Yes?”
She hesitates.
“I’ve wanted to know this the entire time. You—you’re truly an [Emperor], aren’t you?”
“Yes. I am.”
“In that case…how did you become one? Were you born to it? Are you from some distant land?”
I have to laugh softly.
“I am from a distant land. One you’ve never heard of, Wiskeria. But I was not born an [Emperor]. In fact, I only became one when I met Durene.”
“What? Then how—?”
“I decided to be one. Because I knew I could be one. Because I’d heard a story about an [Emperor] with no crown. An [Emperor] with no castle. An [Emperor] with a city to live in and not a penny to his name. Beloved by all.”
With that, I leave her. I walk out the door and kiss Durene in the middle of the village. And night falls.
And the Goblins come.
 
—-
 
This is the sound of the end. It’s blowing horns, shouting in the woods, and wind howling through the trees. The wind has to howl. It’s only fitting.
It’s the sound of your own teeth chattering as you try to make a speech. It’s the sound of a young man weeping and people around him shouting at the Goblins, roaring as if to drown out the guttural shrieks coming towards them.
It’s the sound of saying goodbye to your loved ones, holding a child’s hand, lying, saying all that will be well. It’s the sound of ‘I love you’, spoken a hundred ways to a hundred people.
It is the sound of Goblins.
They burst out of the woods around midnight. It’s a terrible wait, knowing they’re coming. When they do come, it’s so quick I can barely shout before the alarm is raised.
But we’re ready. The Goblins falter a second as they see the barricades made from overturned wagons and spikes driven diagonally into the ground. But on they come. A huge Hob is leading them, sword gleaming in the winter moonlight.
And the Goblins are everywhere. I know there are only forty of them, but they stream across the ground like one mass. I can only imagine what it’s like to see all of this and not sense it. I’m standing at the back of the rows of villagers and I think I can hear Wiskeria’s heart stop.
But she doesn’t falter. As the Goblins approach she shouts and the villagers with bows and the Celestial Trackers loose quarrel after quarrel at the Goblins. They’re answered with arrows from the Goblin’s bows, and I hear villagers cry out around me.
“To the rear! More goblins!”
