4.23 E
Page 14
“I have a letter addressed to an…[Emperor]? Emperor Laken of Riverfarm?”
“That’s me.”
I have no Runner’s Seal, nor any way to prove who I am. Nevertheless, the City Runner doesn’t hesitate for a moment to hand the letter over. It smells faintly of…orchids? Perhaps. Something close to that, a delicate perfume. Durene’s murmuring tells me the parchment is rich. There’s no name on the letter, just a wax seal.
A letter to an [Emperor]. I break the wax seal and open the letter. It’s short. I have to have Wiskeria read it out loud to me.
“To the esteemed [Emperor] Laken Godart of Riverfarm, I am humbly…”
Looks like it’s a greeting from a [Lady] Rie who lives in Invrisil. She greets me, invites me to her estate which is only a few miles away, offers me her congratulations…I listen to Wiskeria read through the letter, barely able to process it at this time.
“Well. She gave this letter to you, did she?”
The City Runner coughs nervously.
“Her manservant did, mil—your majesty. However, this—isn’t the only letter.”
“What?”
“That is the first letter, ah, your majesty. I have three more.”
He has three more letters, two from [Merchants] and one from a [Lord]. I hold them in my hands and sense the Runner fidget.
“Would you like to send a return message? That service has been paid for by each sender.”
“I’ll consider it. Please, stay for a while and allow me time to decide. Unless you’re busy?”
“No your majesty! My time has been paid for. I will wait wherever you please.”
“My [Steward] will find you a spot. And something hot. I will deliberate by myself.”
I wander away from the City Runner and hear him asking what happened. I wonder what Prost will tell him. Myself, I step away from the village and sit on a rock, brushing the snow off of it.
So much has happened. And this is just the latest development. It’s mind boggling. Insane.
“Strange. I can’t believe it.”
I whisper the words out loud. I stare at the letters, sniff the perfume. Each one addressed to me. All coming at once. From [Lords] and [Ladies], no less.
“It’s all happening like he said. Exactly like he said.”
I don’t know what to think. My head is whirling, my heart still bleeds. I look back towards my village and raise my head to the sky. Here it is. My empire. My people have bought it in blood and I am bound to it now.
My lands. My people. My love. All things start here. I open the next letter with my thumb.
“Well then. Let’s begin.”
After a second, I look around. I wander back into the village and raise my hand. Everyone looks at me.
“Hey, can someone read this to me?”
 

