4.24
Page 16
Erin whispered as her inn began to fill up. The Gold-rank adventurers and her regular guests were returning. She heard Olesm’s eager voice, asking about her.
It took Erin only a moment to decide. She grabbed the saucepan, splashed water in it, tossed a handful of garlic in, some oil—the slime bulged, growing distorted, losing the properties of its healing potion. It was now filling the saucepan.
Erin went over to the window and unlatched it. A cold wind blew in, making her shiver. The slime didn’t shiver. It only shook when Erin reached for it.
“Erin?”
That was Octavia’s voice. She was coming closer, and now Erin could hear Typhenous.
“Wonderful news, Miss Solstice! I have the lodestones I ordered. Have you finished your experiments with the slime from this morning?”
There was no time. Erin hesitated, and then poured it out of the window. The slime dropped into the snow and she saw it vanish into the deep drift outside her window.
“Erin?”
Typhenous and Octavia walked into the kitchen, looking excited. Octavia glanced around.
“Where’s that slime? Did the healing potion work like you thought?”
Erin gave Octavia a blank look. Then her eyes widened.
“Oh yeah! The slime! It didn’t work guys. Sorry.”
“No. Really?”
The [Mage] and [Alchemist] looked crestfallen. Erin nodded slowly.
“Yeah, it was sucky. The slime grew from the healing potion, you know? But when I tried using a bit of it…no go.”
“Perhaps it’s the magical effect that dissipates. It cannot be part of living creature…of course. I should have predicted that.”
Typhenous groaned, shaking his head. Octavia nodded and looked around.
“Maybe we can try again. Hey Erin, where’s the slime?”
“The slime? It’s right here of c—”
Erin went over to a pot and opened the lid. The [Mage] and [Alchemist] saw her freeze and look up slowly. She gave them a weak smile that fooled neither of them, and in doing so, fooled both of them.
“Oops. Where’d it go?”
Typhenous and Octavia stared askance at Erin. She put on her best bemused look and shrugged her shoulders. And she made sure that everyone heard the story later that night. Healing slimes were impossible to make, as it turned out. Of course.
Only an idiot would try to make one.
 
—-
 
Nearly there. Nearly time. A bit of sausage fell into Typhenous’ beard. He didn’t notice. He was speaking to the other adventurers sitting around him, looking frustrated.
“At least I have my delivery of lodestones. That will allow us to produce something of worth tonight.”
“You can make the door? Really?”
Erin looked excited. Typhenous smiled and nodded.
“It will be a simple matter to attune the stones. I’ve already done one.”
He flicked his fingers at a red stone carved with a glowing symbol. Its twin sat next to it.
“The real challenge will be delivering each stone to its destination and affixing it in a proper place. Merely getting the stone to its intended destination will take some time…I suspect you may have to hire a City Runner to send it, although finding a suitable location will also be important. I would suggest hiring Miss Ryoka in that regard.”
“Ryoka? Sure!”
Erin glanced over at Ryoka. The Runner girl had recovered enough and was now drinking with Relc and Hawk. She frowned.
“But where should the stones go, in that case? You said it’s hard to have a lot of destinations—”
“Exponentially difficult. Too much interference. However, that should not be a great issue if you limit your door to three or four set anchors.”
“Okay, assuming we leave an emergency stone with you guys…and I want Celum, obviously…where should the other ones go?”
