4.24
Page 4
The other girl stared at Ryoka.
“No. No one’s killing Goblins. I put a sign up.”
“The one buried by snow? Good job.”
“Hey Lyonette? Lyonette, get a shovel and—”
“Shut up, Erin. What good is a sign going to do? For that matter, mind telling all the victims of the Goblin Lord’s army that they shouldn’t kill Goblins? I’m sure that’ll go down wonderfully.”
What was she doing? Ryoka remembered the last fight she’d had with Erin. It hadn’t gone well. But there was a feeling in the air now. Erin glared at Ryoka.
“The sign stays.”
“Why? So we can all get killed when some actually dangerous Goblins come around?”
“I’m sure that when the evil Goblins are marching around and being…uh, evil, no one’s going to worry about my sign. It stays because I don’t believe all Goblins are evil.”
“Right. Some of them are ‘just’ bandits. Name one Goblin—”
“Rags.”
“—One Goblin who hasn’t tried to hurt or kill you at some point.”
Erin hesitated.
“There was this big Hobgoblin that Rags brought one time.”
“Right after the Goblin Lord’s army tried to kill me and—”
Ryoka broke off, saw Mrsha sitting on a table and playing with a wooden spinning top.
“—And did other things which I’m sure I remember. What’s your excuse there?”
Erin stared at Mrsha and shook her head.
“None. They’re bad and if they die that’s…that’s how it has to be. But Rags was different.”
“How?”
The innkeeper poked at the spotless table, speaking quietly and then meeting Ryoka’s eyes.
“Rags was small. She only wanted to survive. She did bad things, but she wasn’t a monster. She deserved a chance. Just a chance.”
“Sounds like she took that chance to do more ‘bad things’.”
“Maybe. But she’s gone. You didn’t see how Relc treated her, Ryoka! He kicked her and tried to hurt her!”
“For good reason, it sounds like.”
“Oh come on. All Goblins are bad? That’s racism—”
“No, that’s practicality in a world where making a mistake gets you killed, Erin.”
“This is about the slime, isn’t it?”
“Yes! It nearly got me! What happens if it crawls out of its pot and finds you asleep? Or Mrsha?”
The Gnoll cub’s ears pricked up. Erin looked at Mrsha, horrorstruck, and then at Ryoka. She wavered, and then got up. She came back with the bumping pot and took off the lid. The slime slowly oozed over the sides. It would have been fascinating, magical to watch if it didn’t make Ryoka so wary.
Erin stared at the clear blob, slightly tainted by a bit of the vomit it had absorbed from Ryoka. Apparently slimes weren’t picky about what they picked up. Ryoka stared at it with deep distrust.
“Fine.”
She pushed the slime out of the pot. It seemed reluctant to go this time. It swirled around on the table. Now Ryoka could see a single part of it that wasn’t fluid. It was a bobbing stone, a shimmering little blue gem hovering around the slime’s center.
Erin sighed.
“They don’t feel pain. And they’re really stupid. But I still feel bad.”
She reached into the slime. It immediately began flowing up her arm. Erin ignored that and quickly plucked the gem out of the slime. It tried to resist, clinging to the stone, but Erin was too quick and strong. The instant the gem left the slime’s body completely it collapsed. Water sloshed over the table, drenching Ryoka and Erin’s lower halves.
“What the hell?”
Ryoka stared at the remains of the slime as Lyonette rushed out of the kitchen with a towel. Erin showed her the shining gem. It still had bits of water stuck to it.
