4.24
Page 20
“Not thirty miles down the road south of here. He was barely alive; my healing potions bought him only a few moments.”
Zel bowed his head over the Drake.
“What did he say?”
“The Goblin Lord. He crushed both armies sent against him. Crushed them—Garusa Weatherfur is dead, and Thrissiam Blackwing ordered both armies to buy time for word to be sent to the other cities! There’s something wrong with the Goblin Lord. He’s a powerful [Necromancer] as well as a leader!”
Hawk’s voice provoked gasps and screams in the crowd. Zel swore.
“To the Council. They need to hear of it at once! Go! I’ll follow!”
Hawk nodded. The Rabbit Beastkin ran through the streets, legs blurring, out of sight in a moment. Zel charged down the street after Hawk.
[Guardsmen] followed him, some shouting for people to keep calm and wait for word, others running to find Wall Lord Ilvriss and everyone of note. A Gnoll stopped and bowed before Regrika.
“Lady Blackpaw, we would deeply appreciate your—”
“Of course. Lead on. This is no time for dawdling, no?”
The Gnoll Named Adventurer strode after the [Guardsman]. After a moment’s deliberation, Ulrien and Jelaqua both followed, and they were quickly escorted in her wake. The shocked voices of the people echoed above and Ivolethe sighed.
Here it ended. She flew down and alighted on Ryoka’s shoulder. The young woman was holding Mrsha as Erin stood next to her. Everyone was afraid. They reeked of it. They could only see one future. Ivolethe could see many. They were right to be afraid, but they didn’t know all of it.
Nor could she tell them. Ryoka glanced at Ivolethe.
“Do you know anything about this, Ivolethe?”
 
“If I did, I would not tell ye.”
 
Ivolethe looked calmly at Ryoka, and saw the girl’s eyes roll impatiently.
“If we die—”
 
“Ye die. I cannot interfere.”
 
Ivolethe sighed. She felt old. Old and tired. In that moment, the wind blew. She felt the world change and realized one thing. Faeries could see the future. They could predict it. But they couldn’t see everything.
Time moved. She felt the call, heard the echo in her very soul. She felt the winter shiver, and then—
 
—-
 
Ryoka saw Ivolethe sigh. The Frost Faerie looked worn down, tired. And then something happened. Her form, her crystalized icy form slowly blurred. Just for a second, Ryoka thought she smelled damp earth, saw greenery and felt sunlight. For a moment. Then Ivolethe was back to normal.
Almost. Something ran down Ivolethe’s face. It gathered, running down her suddenly slick skin, beading, reaching her leg. It fell, a piece of crystal, a frozen bit of ice, onto the ground and shattered. Ivolethe looked around.
Ryoka stared. The Frost Faerie glanced at Ryoka, irritated.
 
“What? What?”
 
“Ivolethe. You’re…melting.”
Ivolethe froze. She looked at herself, and touched at her wet skin. She blinked at Ryoka, surprised, upset, and then—resigned.
 
“Huh. So I am.”
 
“What does it—does that mean—”
The Frost Faerie shrugged. She looked at Ryoka, and then at Erin, and finally Mrsha, smiling slightly.
 
“Winter is ending. And so I suppose we run out of time. Let us make the most of it, Ryoka Griffin.”
 
With that, she flew up, spiraling through the streets of Liscor as word spread of the Goblin Lord’s army and fear once again rode on the breeze. Fear of the future.
 
—-
 
