4.24
Page 3
“Yeah. But I didn’t think he could think. He’s undead! He was undead.”
“And that’s a slime. A living thing. How long before it gets upset you’re keeping it in a pot—”
“I was going to build a larger place to keep it!”
“—Keeping it prisoner and trying to harvest it, and decides to kill someone? And what was that about healing potions? You want to do what, lick its body now and then? Scoop out its insides whenever you have a cut? Doesn’t that sound a bit like cruelty?”
Ryoka stared at Erin. The other girl wasn’t prepared for this, but she was now on the defensive. And getting angry.
“Typhenous said that slimes don’t feel pain! Or think, really. Why are you so grumpy today?”
“I’m grumpy because this seems like another mistake that’s going to cause trouble for everyone, that’s why! Typhenous is a [Mage] and an adventurer, Erin. He’d blast a hole in a Goblin’s head as soon as look at one.”
“Yeah, but—he’s still right when he’s right, right?”
The Runner girl didn’t dignify that with a response. Erin scowled at her. She suddenly seized the pot.
“Look, it’s just a slime. It’s not dangerous, it’s small! See?”
She brought it up right to Ryoka’s face so Ryoka could see inside and tilted it to her. Ryoka saw what looked like plain old tap water swirling around in the pot for a moment. Then the fluid inside grew decidedly non-Newtonian and leapt onto her face.
Ryoka screamed. It was like being splashed by water, but without the splash. Suddenly, she was choking as water clung to her face and shoulders, trying to cover her head.
“Mmfh! Getr off!”
“Oh no! Ryoka!”
Erin tried to grab the water, but her hands passed right through the slime. Ryoka felt herself choking—drowning. She staggered back and shook her head. The slime lost whatever grip it had and splattered onto the floor. It formed into a blob and was immediately scooped up into Erin’s pot.
“Are you okay, Ryoka?”
Everyone was staring at her. Ryoka swayed. She put one hand up to her mouth as Mrsha ran over, looking distressed.
“I think I swallowed some of it.”
Ryoka felt something squiggling down her throat. She was immediately sick.
 
—-
 
Six minutes later Ryoka sat at the same table. The vomit was gone, the slime was in the kitchen with a very heavy rock weighing down the lid, and Erin was sitting across from her. Both girls were angry at this point. Ryoka because she’d nearly been drowned and Erin because of what Ryoka had said to her afterwards.
“You’ve got to get rid of it.”
“You mean, kill it.”
“That’s the general implication, yes.”
“No.”
“Why not?”
Erin hesitated. She looked around—Zel had left, the Gold-rank adventurers were gone, the Horns of Hammerad were in Celum looking to see if there was any work to be had there, and only the objectionable Drake Ryoka had seen this morning was still around. Finding no inspiration, Erin could only shrug.
“I don’t kill things if I can. Duh. Killing’s bad, m’kay?”
She paused and grinned expectantly. Ryoka’s face remained stony. Erin waited, and then grinned again.
“Hey Ryoka, did you get the reference? See, that was a reference to South Park—”
“I got it. If killing’s so bad, why are you feeding and housing a bunch of Gold-rank adventurers? They kill things all the time.”
“Well, those are monsters—”
“Like the fucking slime.”
“That’s different. They kill really bad monsters that are threatening people. Not slimes that accidentally got on someone’s face.”
“Oh? Bad monsters? You mean like Goblins. Like the Goblin Lord’s army, and Rags’ tribe, come to think of it. I suppose they’ll kill all those Goblins and things will be great, won’t they?”
