4.24
Page 2
But while Ryoka could tell what was coming, she could never realize when the snap was coming, when the bile rose up and came out of her mouth. When Lyonette gave her a muffin sans bee, Ryoka glanced around to look where it had gone. Apista was calmly eating from a bowl on a table, watched warily by some of the regular customers and hungrily by Bird.
That was another thing. Bird was now a permanent fixture in Erin’s inn. He didn’t say much and sat on the roof where the third floor and new wing were slowly being constructed. But there were also several Drakes and Gnolls who had decided Erin’s inn was a good place to have breakfast.
Right now Ryoka didn’t want any company. She unsubtly glared at a Drake who was sitting across from her table, eying the Ashfire Bee queen warily. And meanwhile, Erin had just edged out of the kitchen carrying a pot that was shaking of its own volition. Ryoka stared at it. Lyonette coughed.
“Um, Ryoka? Are you okay?”
“Awesome. Great. What the hell’s in the pot?”
There was something disturbing about Erin. It was that when you got to know her, the innkeeper of the Wandering Inn never did normal things. In any other person, Ryoka might have assumed the small pot with the shaking lid was…something explainable. With Erin, Ryoka immediately suspected the worse.
“It’s a, uh, slime.”
“A what.”
“A slime. Remember when Erin was talking about healing slimes?”
“No.”
As it turned out, Ryoka was one of the few people Erin hadn’t told about her idea to make a slime out of a healing potion. Lyonette told Ryoka how she’d cajoled Typhenous and Octavia into helping her create one.
“And they did it? They went along with that insane idiot’s—just like that?”
“It’s not hard, apparently. It’s just a mana stone and a bit of existing slime. Apparently they can create themselves. Erin made one out of water to see if it would work first.”
“That stupid—Erin!”
Erin came over, beaming and holding the small pot. She opened her mouth.
“Hey Ryoka, guess what—”
“A slime. Why the hell did you do it, Erin?”
The other girl looked put out. She stared at Lyonette, who mimed an apology and scooted away to help Drassi wait the tables. Erin put the pot down on the table and took off the lid. Ryoka had a glimpse of a mostly transparent blob slowly rising from the pot, questing around with part of itself. She slammed the lid down.
“Aw! Ryoka!”
“Are you insane? Why do you think creating a monster is a good idea?”
“It’ll be cool! Lyonette has a pet, so I thought I could get one. Besides, did you hear about my idea to make healing slimes? We could feed it water and mana and get infinite healing potions!”
Ryoka ground her teeth together.
“Erin, no. This is exactly like the Rags situation. And Toren! Haven’t you learned anything from the past?”
At that, Erin’s smile vanished.
“What do you mean? This isn’t—Rags was cool.”
“She started her own tribe and started ambushing travelers on the road, Erin. She nearly killed me the first time I met her.”
“Yeah, but—she’s innocent, Ryoka. And she’s smart. She’s not like Toren at all.”
Ryoka let that go for the moment. She scowled at Erin. This conversation had been a long time coming. Why did it have to be today it happened?
“Toren? We should have talked about him a while ago, Erin. He was a monster and he didn’t listen to Pisces’ spells or your orders. That much is true, but you were also the problem. You never realized he could think, that he had free will, did you? I warned you. Didn’t I tell you about Frankenstein?”
Erin’s smile was long gone at this point. She sat down.
