4.24
Page 9
“Yeah. It stopped when I started sneaking them into his drinks. Ever seen a bunch of rich assholes—sorry, I mean, businesspeople—go totally insane from drinking a bottle of wine spiked with Xanax? Sight to see.”
“I get it. And I know you’re right about dangers and stuff. It’s just that when you said all that—”
“I was wrong.”
“No, you were right. Rags is a problem. I don’t know where she is. That big Hobgoblin looked sort of scary and Toren—”
“Look, I probably wouldn’t have given him a chance. Despite him turning out…the way he did, he still got treated better than he would have if someone like Pisces was ordering him around.”
“I wish I could go back and fix things.”
Erin hugged her knees. Ryoka sighed.
“Hell, maybe you can. Toren’s like a horror story. And you know how those go—”
“Monster comes back. I know. I’ve been asking Wesle, Klbkch, and Relc whenever they come in. No unusual skeleton sightings. If I hear of one…”
“If you hear of one, you tell Halrac or Jelaqua or Pisces. You don’t do anything.”
“Right.”
There was a peculiar feeling in the air. It was a sound as much as feeling. It was the sound of people trying to say sorry without saying sorry. Of course, in the end someone gives up and says it out loud. Ryoka did it twice, Erin once.
After a while, someone opened the curtains to their bath. Ryoka and Erin looked up. The convivial atmosphere they’d created blew out. Not instantly—at first they thought it was just a bather who’d gotten the wrong private tub.
“Sorry, we’ve reserved this one.”
Erin smiled and waved at a red-scaled Drake, an older female with a scar down one arm. The Drake returned the smile and closed the curtain behind her.
“I know. You are Erin Solstice and Ryoka Griffin, aren’t you? Please, let me introduce myself. I am Welsca Crimsonscale. In service to Wall Lord Ilvriss.”
Ryoka sat up at once at the name. Erin frowned.
“Wall Lord—you mean that jerk I threw a pan at? Is he okay?”
Welsca smiled at Erin and then at Ryoka, looking friendly.
“He is. And you may be happy to know that Wall Lord Ilvriss has decided to forgive any transgressions made against him. You may consider yourselves fortunate for that.”
Erin and Ryoka exchanged a glance. Ryoka folded her arms over her breasts. Drakes didn’t have breasts, at least, nothing that floated. Welsca slid into the water, further amplifying the unpleasantness of the moment. No one had invited her in.
“I believe Lord Ilvriss would consider it a personal favor—as well as an act of trust—if he were to have a chance to speak with you, Miss Griffin. I’m sure you’re aware that there is a need for conversation, and if you feel uncomfortable speaking with him, I would be happy to relay—”
“You’re in our pool. Get out.”
Welsca cut off. Erin and Ryoka were glaring at her. She swished her tail gently in the water and sighed.
“Miss Solstice, Miss Griffin, I don’t think you understand. This is a serious matter. Assaulting a Wall Lord and withholding information—”
Erin splashed her. The dignified Drake lady blinked as water ran down her face. Erin stuck her tongue out.
“Bleh! Get out of our bath! No one’s allowed to mess with private baths, not even a Wall Lord!”
“Ladies, please. I am one of Lord Ilvriss’s most trusted aides. I—”
“Get out.”
Ryoka’s tone could have frozen over their tub. Welsca hesitated. Erin made a fist, cracked her knuckles, yelped, and winced.
The red-scaled Drake could read the mood. She could also probably predict the near future, at least in this situation. But she was stuck. She had her orders. She smiled weakly at the two girl’s hostile faces.
