4.25 N
Page 7
But Niers paid well. And it was one of the reasons why his academy was so famous. The strategist glanced to one side and saw a lot of his guests watching from the shade of a canvas tent, talking excitedly about the battle.
Almost as excitedly as Marian. Niers halted her in her tracks.
“Cameral, would you like to answer?”
The sweaty Dullahan had his head under one arm. He raised it now, looking slightly ashamed but defensive.
“I was aware I was losing, so I ordered my archers to target Umina. On purpose. I would have done the same in any real battle.”
“But—”
“Just so. Cameral’s tactics were valid, Marian. However, on that note Cameral, I would have begun aiming for Umina to begin with. If there is a fault in how the battle played out, it was that you entrusted that attack to luck, rather than factored it into your plans.”
The Dullahan nodded, looking thoughtful. Umina, still covered in yellow paint, also nodded, but Marian protested again. She trampled her hooves in a mini Centaur tantrum as she spoke anxiously to Niers.
“It’s—it’s unfair! If we have to duck and cower away from every archer—”
“Hah! Speak for yourself.”
Venaz folded his arms. The Minotaur tossed his head as he gestured at the trampled ground and spoke to Marian.
“If I’m on the battlefield, I expect to be shot at. Give me a shield and I’ll command from the front!”
“Oh yeah? I’d like to see you dodge a rain of arrows. Give me a bow and—”
“Enough!”
Niers raised his voice before his two most hot-tempered students could get into it. He tapped his foot on the wooden platform he stood on thoughtfully.
“Attacking the enemy [General] or [Strategist] is a valid tactic, Marian. We saw a similar move occur in the recent battle around the King of Destruction. Or don’t you recall how his steward, Orthenon, allegedly targeted the enemy army’s [Strategists] in order to cripple it and bait them into following him into a trap?”
His students fell silent. News about the King of Destruction’s return was hot on everyone’s lips, but news from Chandrar was sparse. Marian bit her lip.
“But professor, how do we protect ourselves from something like that?”
“Well, let me phrase it to you as a question. This is a class. How would you do it, Marian? Anyone?”
The group of [Tacticians] and [Strategist] students fell silent. Then Unima raised her hand. Niers nodded at her.
“I can’t speak for running up against the King of Destruction’s [Steward], professor, but I’d keep my command a lot further back next time even if it meant seeing less of the battlefield. Or wear plate armor.”
There was a bit of tittering at that comment. Niers looked around and shook his head.
“You all think plate armor’s such a bad idea? If Umina had been wearing it, she’d have won that last battle.”
Everyone fell silent. Niers sighed.
“Practicality. I keep telling you—in that case, if you’re all willing to stand the heat, I’ll grant any one of you willing to stand around in plate armor an exemption from the first three arrows that strike you at range in a match. One spell too—so long as it isn’t a directly targeted attack on you specifically.”
That produced some murmurs. Each ‘battle’ was an important event. It attracted a lot of attention from the city people who liked watching people beat each other with swords and seeing the latest talent, and it was also the subject of intense betting by students and other groups. More than that, it was how Niers evaluated his students, so any edge or tactic was immediately put to use.
