4.25 N
Page 1
At the moment, said Titan, [Grandmaster Strategist], feared foe to his enemies and so on and so forth was cursing. He’d just stepped in rat droppings and it had gotten all over his dress boots, which of course, had lace.
 
—-
 
“So that’s why you’re late. Because of rat poo.”
Breakfast. Niers had it every day in an open part of the castle. Not open to the elements; no one wanted to sit in the hot, humid air, rather open in the sense of huge sheets of glass providing the illusion of openness while cooling spells made the room pleasant to sit in.
Niers at on a table with white cloth, eating from a tiny bowl and scowling at his companion sitting across from him. He was having a civilized breakfast of bananas, a filling porridge, and fruits, all seasoned with some fresh cinnamon.
His partner was having muffins. Not muffins with a side of eggs, or muffins and a glass of milk, or muffins with butter. Just muffins. There were three of them. As Niers watched, the eater of muffins picked one up in her furry paws and stared at it.
“Because of poo.”
“Would you stop calling it that? I stepped in rat droppings and needed to change my boots.”
“Why?”
“You know why. We’re supposed to be putting on a show!”
“Hm. So that’s why you have all the string.”
“Lace.”
Niers glared. The person sitting across from him blinked at him. She had odd eyes. Three-Color Stalker was her title. She was a Squirrel Tribe Beastkin. Also, she was the leader of the Forgotten Wing Company, Niers’ boss, oldest friend, and right now, ponderer of muffins.
“I didn’t choose to dress up like this. Apparently, this is the current fashion from Terandria and all of Baleros considers this the height of fashion.”
“Drab clothing and lots of lace.”
The tiny Fraerling gritted his teeth as the Squirrel-woman held her muffin up to the light, studying it.
“The point, as I understand it, is to emphasize muted colors. Note the silver lining?”
“Why have lace if it’s not colored?”
“That would be asking too much of fashion, I suppose.”
The Squirrel Beastkin glanced at Niers and smiled for a second. He wasn’t sure if that was because she felt like it, or because she’d gotten the joke. Her name was Foliana and he’d known her for decades, but she was still unpredictable to him. Both of Foliana’s eyes sparkled in the light as they met his.
Three colors made up her eyes. Bright red-pink, deep and dreamy yellow and clear green. They created an orb of three equal parts in the center of her eye. The brown sclera that surrounded the eyes was practically black compared to the brilliance of her pupils.
Her eyes were a wonder. The rest of the Squirrel Beastkin was practically unnoticeable. She faded into her chair, and when sitting seemed to grow transparent and inconspicuous. Niers cleared his throat.
“I note you aren’t wearing any lace.”
“Don’t want to. Lace is hard to sneak around in.”
“You’re not being called on to stab a [Commander] to death in a rainforest. You’re greeting dignitaries, prospective clients, allies. Guests.”
“Mm.”
“That means no stabbing.”
“I know.”
Silence. Niers chewed down his breakfast, hurrying because if he didn’t, he’d be late for class. He made sure not to get a spot on his clothing. Foliana slowly nibbled at her muffin, getting about half of it into her mouth and the rest on the tablecloth.
“I’m thinking about quitting.”
She stopped nibbling and looked at Niers. Not a trace of emotion crossed Foliana’s face.
“Okay.”
Niers stared at her. She stared at him.
“This is where you remind me of the good old days.”
“Mm. Right. What good old days?”
The Fraerling thought. Then he cursed.
