4.25 N
Page 11
Niers stared at Wil. The young man hesitated, opened his hand. The head of some [King] stared up at Niers.
Silence.
“Do it again.”
Niers was the only voice in the room. Wil tossed the coin up, caught it clumsily. He flipped it onto his arm. Then, without speaking, he cupped it with his palm and lifted it up, changing the face again without seeing it. When he opened his palm, it was heads.
Every eye turned to Niers. He shrugged. Then he looked at Wil.
“Again.”
The young man hesitated. Niers stared into his eyes.
“Flip it again, Wil.”
He did. The result was heads. Niers nodded.
“Again.”
“Heads.”
“Again.”
“…Heads.”
“And now, three times in quick succession, if you please.”
Niers heard the coin being flipped. The second time, it slipped out of sweaty fingers and landed on the ground. He heard a curse, and then as Wil bent to pick it up, a sharp, indrawn breath.
No one spoke as the young man shakily put the coin on the table. They certainly didn’t laugh. One person breathed out. Marian, with wide eyes.
“The curse.”
The word went around the table like a breath of air. Niers shook his head and raised his voice.
“You may have heard rumors of a curse. You may have seen evidence tonight—I am telling you that your eyes are mistaken. Your ears as well, for that matter. There is no curse. I simply do not like to gamble.”
“But—”
“That is all. Now, let’s get back to the business at hand. I’m feeling inclined to get drunk. How about the rest of you?”
They certainly did. Niers had them break out a cask of very expensive, very potent liquor that was bordering on poison.
“Firebreath Whiskey. Imported from Izril. Is there anyone who’ll compete with me?”
Niers spoke as the first cup was filled. The table goggled, and then shouted with approval. Venaz raised a brimming cup.
“I’ll drink a cup for every one of yours, professor! One thimble to my glass, how about it?”
There was a challenge in his eyes. Niers grinned, and felt a tiny stirring in his chest.
“That sounds like condescension, Venaz.”
“No, professor—”
“I’ll drink a cup to your cup. Even up.”
The table went silent again. Niers grinned widely and felt a tiny bit alive. Venaz stared down at Niers and then roared.
“Hah! So be it! Clear a space you lot!”
Two tumblers of the whiskey were poured, and Niers could see the liquid, a red mixture that made the eyes water if you smelled it. Venaz took his and tossed it down. He coughed, and then Niers watched the Minotaur’s face flush.
“Even Minotaurs blink at the stuff Drakes come up with. Well done, Venaz. I’ll take mine slower. My mouth isn’t so large.”
There was a laugh, but every eye followed Niers. He had to put his thimble of a mug into the tumbler to fill it. Niers put the mug to his lips and drank down the first mouthful. His students cheered. Then without missing a beat Niers did it to the second, the third—
Venaz’s eyes bulged out of his head. The other students were cheering wildly. They watched as Niers slowly drained the tumbler, sip by sip. Niers finished his tumbler and tossed his mug over his shoulder to wild applause. He cocked an eyebrow at Venaz, who stared at the Fraerling, still steady on his feet, with sudden unease.
Niers grinned.
“Your turn.”
 
—-
 
A little past midnight, Niers looked around and realized he was the last person standing. His students were all passed out on the floor, courtesy of a now-empty keg of Firebreath Whiskey.
He was drunk. He couldn’t help it; the fumes were enough to do that, even if he hadn’t drunk a drop. And the tumblers sitting around him were proof that Niers had drunk a lot.
