4.25 N
Page 18
“The result changed history, broke the spine of the King of Destruction’s invasion. His advance faltered. An army from Rhir broke the Lord of the Skies and his tribes. His people fell like flies against the monster slayers. A Minotaur fleet humbled his forces at sea, and Amerys, his champion [Mage], finally found a city whose walls she could not break in Izril. But it was one Fraerling who stopped him, one hero of Baleros.”
She raised a hand and pointed. Niers stood tall, the weight of memories on his shoulders. Foliana nodded as every head turned to Niers.
“Guests and friends, I present to you: Niers Astoragon.”
She waited a second more, and then she was gone.
 
—-
 
After the applause and having shaken every hand in the room—twice, Niers found Foliana. She was making the hors d’oeuvres disappear at once of the banquet tables. He coughed as Peclir put him down and checked his notes. Foliana looked at him expectantly.
“Word for word the exact same speech you gave last year. And the year before that.”
Unashamed, the Squirrel woman scratched at her ears.
“The same people keep coming back. I think they like the story. And he’s back this year. Mm. He probably eats muffins too. Don’t you think?”
“On campaign? I doubt he would. From what I know of the man, he doesn’t feast himself and eats like his soldiers.”
Niers had a hard time imagining Flos eating muffins in any circumstance. Foliana shrugged.
“Mm. But when does the King of Destruction eat muffins, then? In bed? It’s important to know these things.”
“Why? Are you planning on killing him?”
“Very hard. But I could do it if he ate muffins. No one’s on their guard when eating muffins.”
“Professor! Sir!”
One of his students was trying to get Niers’ attention. He nodded at Marian as she trotted around a visiting dignitary.
“Marian. Can I help you?”
She smiled nervously.
“We were wondering, professor, whether you’d care to have a mock battle with us yourself on this day. You’ve never had a match, and today…well, we were wondering—”
For a second Niers thought about refusing. But then he grinned.
“Why not? Form an army, Marian. I’ll take you on—”
“Me?”
“You and every one of my students who wants to participate. Go on, get things ready. I’ll be out shortly.”
He saw Marian’s eyes widen, and then she galloped from the room. People who’d casually been eavesdropping instantly headed for the doors and the rumors began to fly. The Titan was about to have a match! He wondered what the odds were.
Foliana looked at him.
“The old you would have said no.”
“Good thing I don’t feel old.”
Niers grinned and swept the hat off his head. He plucked the feather and offered it to Foliana. She took it, looking at it with bemusement.
“For luck?”
“It’ll get in the way of a real battle. You can eat it if you want.”
He left her with that. On the mock battlefield both armies were forming up. All of the [Strategists] and [Tacticians], his students, were lined up in front of their command unit. Over half had armor on. The other half were shouting orders as their army formed up around them.
“Sir?”
One of the [Soldiers] in charge of a battalion of pikemen armed with padded spears jogged up to Niers. He nodded at the man.
“You’ve never had a Fraerling command, have you, young man?”
The young man, who was probably in his forties, grinned at Niers.
“No, sir. But we’ve never had the Titan commanding! I reckon we’ll get on. Where did you want us deployed?”
