4.25 N
Page 13
Umina frowned over the letter. Her eye caught the first page of chess notations and she blinked as she read through them.
“Hold on. This is—this is good. Great, even! Professor, have you seen—professor?”
She got no reply. Niers was staring at one of the games. Staring and not saying a word. He could read it. Pawn to D4. Pawn to D5. Knight to F3, Knight to F6. And then…Niers didn’t have to read it to know. Bishop to F4.
“It’s you.”
He whispered it at the parchment. He knew. It was his game. The one he’d played after so long—it was the same game, written down for all to see! His students were exclaiming over it, but Niers was overcome by a different emotion.
“This Olesm. Is he the—the author of these games? Did he play them?”
“No, professor. He says he witnessed a game.”
“Witnessed.”
The word was bittersweet on Niers’ tongue. He knew. Olesm Swifttail. From Liscor. The same place…the same place—
“Professor, have you seen this? Look! There’s instructions for another game here! It’s says it’s called…‘Go’. Go? What an odd name for a game!”
“What?”
Niers pounced on the second piece of parchment. He tore it away and stared at the drawing of a Go board, the instructions on how to play the game. He turned. His students were staring.
“Well? Don’t just stand there! Get me a quill and ink! And parchment! And stones! Black and white!”
He roared at them and they fled in excitement. In minutes, Niers was drawing out the go board, placing stones, reading the game.
“Capturing stones…I see. Strings, liberties, I see!”
Niers played a game against Umina, and his hands shook as he placed Go stones on the board. He won the game, crudely, but he won it. The second game started as Marian shouted for someone to find more stones so they could play the game.
A new game. A new game.
“It’s you.”
Niers stared at the piece of parchment. It couldn’t be a coincidence. This Olesm just happened to see a game he’d played with his opponent, and then…found a new game? It couldn’t be coincidence. It was them. They had shown the Drake this game.
They had shown Niers this game.
Something opened up in Niers as he played against Umina, as Cameral took his place, as Niers lost a game and his students tackled the Dullahan in a mad rush. He sat back and felt the world blurring in front of his eyes.
A new game. A new world, opened up at his fingertips. They were out there. They knew of new games. They were in Liscor.
His heart! Niers clutched at his chest, which alarmed his students. But it wasn’t pain or age that was making his chest ache so. It was joy. Pure joy.
This was new. This was brilliant. Niers couldn’t see through this game. It wasn’t simple. It was fresh. He felt like a novice dipping his toes in an ocean of mystery. He felt young again.
“Someone find me the address of that Swifttail. Olesm. I’ll send him gold—and an enchanted ring myself! Anyone with the creativity to come up with this kind of idea deserves a reward. Class is dismissed. Enjoy this new game.”
“Won’t you play with us, professor?”
“No.”
Niers was smiling. He felt like the years were dropping off. In Liscor. They really were. It was confirmed. And they knew of more than chess. More…he felt like he was ten years younger.
He had to know. This instant. Niers walked through the Fraer-ways until he came to Peclir’s working area. He summoned the [Chamberlain] and ordered him to bring him a mage specializing in divination magic.
“I want you to find the cousin of this board. They’re magically linked so it shouldn’t be difficult.”
