4.25 N
Page 16
“I can have you in a replacement lace suit in time for the mock battles and banquet—”
“No. No lace.”
The [Stitchmistress] brightened up at those words. Niers stood with a towel in front of the mirror, looking at the drab fabrics and shaking his head.
“I want something flashy. Get me bright colors. Red. And trim it with whatever colors you want, but make it bold and bright and eye-catching.”
“Eye-searing?”
“Even better. I’ll have a hat as well. Something reminiscent of a pirate. With a—an ornament of some kind.”
“What would you like?”
Niers cast around and he grinned as he saw a bird flit past the window.
“The feather of a Sparklewing bird.”
“I can get you a fledgeling’s—”
“No. I want a full feather.”
The [Stitchmistress] sucked in her cheeks.
“A feather that long would be as tall as you are.”
Niers grinned wildly.
“So? Counterbalance it with the hat. Use weights if you have to!”
The [Stitchmistress] looked positively giddy, but then she frowned.
“I have to warn you, this does fly in the face of the current trend.”
Niers laughed.
“Fashion? I’m a former Named Adventurer and the second-in-command to one of the Great Companies of Baleros. They can have their fashion. I’ll have my dignity.”
She grinned as he winked at her and got to work.
 
—-
 
When Niers entered the ballroom of the academy, carried by Peclir on a silver pedestal, every eye turned. Most of the jaws dropped. The [Grandmaster Strategist] was wearing an eye-catching, eye-searing red overcoat lined with silver thread, over a comfortable, decidedly lace-less shirt and pants which he could move around in without tripping.
His shirt under the coat was brilliant white, and his pants were a dark black, making the coat stand out more. His shoes could have been used as a mirror, but pride of place was the hat on Niers’ head, a sweeping grandiose affair that somehow supported a huge yellow feather that shimmered and somehow stayed stuck in the hat and didn’t drag Niers over backwards as he stood there.
“Nice clothes. Mine are more comfy.”
Foliana appeared as Peclir put the pedestal down in the center of the room. Niers grinned as he felt every eye lock onto his. Suddenly, the rows of lace-covered dresses in their subtle colors seemed downright silly. He looked at Foliana and noticed that she hadn’t changed out of her clothing. Her work clothing.
“The feather’s not practical.”
“I’ll take it off if we have to kill someone. But this? I rather like the coat, don’t you?”
“Professor!”
Umina approached, wearing a concoction of laces and trying not to laugh at his feather. Niers smiled at her.
“Yes, Umina?”
The Lizardgirl hesitated. She looked like she wanted to laugh, but contained it to ask her question.
“Didn’t you tell us that caution and prudence were important, sir? A red coat and a feather—isn’t that—that sort of obvious?”
He exchanged a look with Foliana. Niers adjusted the hat on his head and spoke for everyone to hear.
“Practicality and caution have their importance, Umina. However, speaking for myself, if I can’t win a battle in fashion, I’d rather be dead!”
He looked out one window and saw his students facing off with both armies. It was Venaz against Wil this time, and both were wearing plate armor in the heat. He saw Umina depart and rush out to speak with Venaz. The Minotaur turned, looked back towards Niers, and then took off his helmet and hurled it to the ground.
