4.25 N
Page 8
“Just remember that plate armor’s restrictive. You’ll move slower, see less—and a [Strategist] needs to see the battlefield. Like everything else, it’s a calculated risk. Now, Venaz, Marian, you two seem to disagree on how a [Strategist] should behave when in danger. Show me which one of you is more correct. Form up an army—I want an equal match so calculate accordingly. You have twenty minutes!”
 
—-
 
Baleros was warm in the winter. Not hot, true, but Niers felt like his doublet was trying to strangle him. He gladly accepted a glass of squeezed fruit juice from Peclir, a tiny thimble in his case—and downed it quickly. Peclir had a small teacup’s worth of juice—a huge tank in Niers’ world—ready, and the [Strategist] filled up his cup again with a grunt.
“Thank you, Peclir. Let me know when Venaz wakes up. I imagine being trampled by Marian hurt his pride more than anything, but I’d like to know he’s alright.”
“Of course, Lord Astoragon.”
Peclir departed, circulating among the other guests who were speaking with the students. It was another game, the prospective investors speaking to prospective company leaders. Now that he was alone, Niers waited until he saw the teacup move.
“That’s mine, Foliana. Get your own.”
“I’m thirsty.”
“Then get your own.”
Reluctantly, the teacup dipped and Foliana appeared. It wasn’t magic—it was a Skill and her own incredible talent mixing together. A [Mage] would have triggered some of the warning devices Niers carried. Foliana was deadly because she was all-natural.
“Snappy. Why so angry? More rat crap?”
“Peclir sent someone to clean it up and put down traps, but I found some more this morning.”
“Shame.”
“It’s a danger, especially with our guests, some of whom are Fraerlings! Anyone who’s not a [Warrior] is at risk if giant rats attack them.”
Niers grimaced. That would be a disaster. Especially because his company was beloved by the Fraerlings. They had only one hero whose name was known across the world, and it was Niers. Poor repayment to have one of them killed by a rodent.
“They looked good out there.”
“Did they? I thought you didn’t care for these games.”
Foliana shrugged. She had a quarter of a muffin in her paws. Niers stared at it pointedly. It looked stale. Foliana nibbled.
“Mm. Don’t care. Said it to be nice.”
“Hah.”
Niers filled his glass a third time. He sipped. Foliana sprinkled crumbs into his cup. After a while she spoke.
“Still shouldn’t do it.”
“Do what? Quit?”
“Mm. Should stay here. Besides, you’re cursed.”
“I am not cursed. That’s a myth, and the company’s official stance is that it’s just gossip. I am not cursed—”
She interrupted.
“Yes you are. You’re cursed. You think you’re an old man and you act like it. I’m distinguished and young. You’re crotchety.”
He scowled and splashed his glass at her. She dodged the small shower of juice in an instant and reappeared on his other side. Niers frowned and wiped sweat from his forehead. He sighed, pulled at the lace around his neck.
“I’m not old. Or rather, I’m as old as you, Foliana.”
“Yes. But you look older. I’m having fun. You’re not.”
“What makes you say that?”
Foliana poked Niers gently.
“You’re not smiling. Duh. Mm.”
There was nothing he could say to that. Niers stared at the battlefield where the [Actors] were cleaning up and felt like he’d done nothing to warrant the cold drink in his hand. He hated to admit it. But he did feel old.
 
—-
 
