4.25 N
Page 2
“I’m feeling old, Foliana. You have grey in your fur—”
“I’m distinguished. You’re old and wrinkly. I’m not.”
“You have fur. That hides your wrinkles.”
“Mm. I’d like blueberries.”
Niers stared at Foliana. She stared back. Sometimes they did this for minutes over breakfast. She looked at her muffins first.
“Blueberries are called that because they look blue. What do you call orange berries?”
“…Oranges? Tiwali Magma Bloomers?”
“Mm. Nope. If you want to go, we’ll probably be attacked. Mm. Not good. Should probably rethink.”
“Our company is fine. So long as you don’t engage directly with one of the other three Great Companies—I have my reasons.”
“Going to find your mystery chess partner?”
Niers grimaced. Half of Baleros knew by now that he was playing an opponent. Most knew exactly how many games he’d won and lost. (Two wins this week, three losses. Four draws.)
“Don’t talk me out of it. I’m done with this pomp and teaching those idiots.”
“You have a class in five minutes.”
“Really? Damn. Big feet squash it all!”
Niers leapt up. He pointed at Foliana as he ran for the Fraer-ways.
“This isn’t over!”
She waved at him with one furred paw as he left. The tiny door slammed shut behind him. Foliana nibbled at a muffin, and then glanced towards the main door to the dining room.
It opened suddenly. Foliana disappeared. One of her subordinates, Peclir Im, edged into the room. He was a [Chamberlain], since [Stewards] were rare and required royalty to appoint them. But he was experienced, high-level, and knew Foliana and Niers well enough to look closely at the table. He coughed.
“Miss Foliana, if you’re here, I would like to know rather than die of a heart attack like my predecessor.”
Grudgingly, she appeared, still sitting at her table. Peclir nodded and approached her.
“Lord Astoragon?”
“He’s teaching class.”
“Ah. I could have summoned a helper to carry him had I been aware.”
“No. He likes running. He feels old if he’s carried. And there’s rat poo in the Fraer-ways.”
“I do apologize. I shall have someone clean the area immediately and put down poison.”
“Mm.”
Foliana nibbled as Peclir tidied Niers’ tiny dishes and half-eaten breakfast from the table. She stared at him without blinking. Peclir for his part—the man was Human, not that it mattered—was used to the scrutiny and kept working undeterred. Cleaning was a job for a lesser class like [Maid] or [Manservant], but Foliana had a habit of disappearing around anyone she didn’t trust, which was nearly everyone. More than one servant had tried to clean a chair with her on it.
People still talked about the previous [Majordomo].
“When are the fancy people arriving?”
Peclir paused and glanced towards the rising sun.
“In an hour, I believe.”
“I have to greet them. They’ll watch Niers teach the first day.”
“Yes, Miss Foliana. And there will be the banquet in two days as all of the guests will have arrived then. Lord Astoragon has requested me to tell you that attendance is mandatory.”
“Mm.”
Silence. That was natural. Three-Color Stalker was a legend few had ever seen. She was a [Rogue] of the highest order, but her talents made most [Assassins] green with envy, especially when she stabbed them from behind.
“Peclir?”
“Yes, Miss Foliana?”
“You’ve been working for four years now. Almost exact.”
“My anniversary is this month. I’m pleased you recall.”
“Mm. Yes, good. Loyalty is good.”
“Yes, Miss Foliana. Would you like a napkin?”
“No. Orange berries. Can’t remember the names.”
“I shall have an assortment prepared directly. Do you believe Lord Astoragon would like a snack, Miss?”
