4.25 N
Page 10
It was an old saying and it made the students nod as if Niers had said something profound. He sighed. Then Umina did something unexpected.
“Professor, sir. I was wondering. We’ve never seen you drink. Not with us. So while you’re here, would you like to play a game?”
“Chess? I play enough with you lot in lessons.”
It was known that chess helped [Strategists] level. And because Niers had invented the game—a lie only he and Foliana knew to be one—it was part of his classes. But Umina shook her head and pulled something from under the table. It rattled and Niers saw four dies in a cup.
The table went silent. Niers looked around and had to smile. So now his students were setting traps.
“I wonder who put you up to this, Umina. I suspect Wil or Yerranova.”
The Human and Selphid blushed. Umina hesitated.
“No, it was just me, sir. I thought a game—”
“Oh, gambling? Well, I don’t usually.”
“Please? Just a toss?”
“I’ve got a cup! We could bet some gold on it—”
Wil, the Human , brought out another cup and the other students fished in their pouches for coins. Niers smiled crookedly. To do or not? Well, he was in it now. Refusing would just create rumors. While agreeing…
“One toss.”
The students around the table cheered. Niers held up a hand.
“One. Put the other dies together with Umina’s, Wil. Eight dice…you toss and I’ll toss.”
“And the bet?”
Niers smiled mysteriously.
“None.”
The crowd of students fell silent. The older Fraerling could see the looks of speculation. He didn’t care. He remembered, and felt old when he saw the look of anticipation on their faces. It was a legend to them. He had lived it.
“Toss, Wil.”
The toss was a decent one. Wil had three sixes, a five, two threes, and pair of twos. He put the dice into the cup and realized that the cup was taller than Niers was.
“I can find some Fraerling dice, professor—”
“No need. Put it right next to me.”
Niers watched as the cup was set down. He saw the looks on his students’ faces, the stomach-churning anticipation. There was no such feeling in his heart. Niers put down his mug, and stepped up to the dice.
He kicked over the cup holding all eight dice. They clattered out onto the table, bouncing together, stopping. The students looked down and the room went quiet.
“Well?”
Niers looked up at Cameral’s suddenly waxy face. The Dullahan shifted his head in his hands and coughed a few times before speaking.
“All—all one’s, professor.”
All eight dice showed only a single pip. In the silence, Niers laughed. Tiredly.
“Well, I lose. A shame, but a good thing I didn’t bet anything, eh? Now, where were we?”
“What? You can’t just let us—”
“Another game, please professor!”
They begged him. Niers shook his head, and then held up a hand.
“No dice. A coin toss. Heads or tails. Wil?”
Gold coins were usually embossed with whichever city or nation had minted them. Wil fumbled for one and came up with a copper coin. Niers nodded his approval. Wil flipped it, caught it, turned it over.
“Professor?”
“Heads.”
Wil raised his hand. The room exploded.
“Heads!”
Umina laughed as if Niers had pulled a great trick. The Fraerling rolled his eyes, and then raised a hand. Silence.
“Another one, then. Wil?”
The young man flipped the coin. It rotated into the air and landed. He turned it over and looked at Niers. Now the silence was expectant.
“Heads.”
Again the palm rose. Again the cheer. Niers raised a hand.
“Now again.”
Wil looked at him. The other students looked at him. Now they noticed Niers wasn’t smiling. Wil flipped the coin. This time he caught it, hesitated, and didn’t turn it over.
“Prof—”
“Heads.”
