4.26 M
Page 14
Regrika looked around the table at the Council. A few heads shook—the leader of the Adventurer’s Guild, a very old Drake lady that Olesm recognized, spoke up. She was Selys’ grandmother.
“There’s not a Drake or Gnoll adventurer worthy of the name in the city who could do it to my knowledge. Not a City Runner either; Hawk might be able to do it, but he would refuse to go near the Goblin Lord’s army. Quite sensibly, too.”
“There’s a [Scout] in my party, Halrac Everam. He might be able to do it, but I’d hate to risk him as well.”
Ulrien volunteered the information quietly, and the Council members looked at him. The huge Human man was like a reassuring rock, for all he was…Human. Zel shook his head.
“I would hate to have any of our best die trying to scout the Goblin Lord’s army, Regrika.”
“Hrm. True. But are you sure there are no City Runners of renown? I would love to see a list—if the Courier Hawk will not do it, a City Runner might. Courage is needed in dire times, and I would speak to any who might volunteer for such a mission.”
The Gnoll [Champion] seemed insistent, so after a moment one of the Council members fetched a list with names of City Runners in Liscor. Regrika pawed through the list, staring at sketches of faces, names, levels, and then looked up.
“I see the issue. Few with high levels. Are you sure there are no others?”
The Council hesitated. Olesm realized they had overlooked someone and spoke up excitedly.
“What about the door to Celum? There are more adventurers and Runners through there.”
Regrika blinked at him.
“A door? What is this?”
Olesm explained briefly about Erin’s magical door, and the Named Adventurer Gnoll shook her head in amazement. That she was impressed made Olesm proud for Erin. Zel nodded slowly.
“True. I’d overlooked the door, but if it came to a siege, I would hope that Erin would allow us to bring her inside the city. Her door could sustain us in a siege and bring reinforcements if needed—”
“Humans!”
Ilvriss uttered it as a curse and folded his arms. But Olesm had remembered something else about the inn and edged over to Regrika Blackpaw tentatively.
“There is another Runner who might be willing to take the risk, Miss Blackpaw.”
“Oh? Why is she not on the list? Is she Human?”
The Named Adventurer looked intrigued. Olesm nodded eagerly.
“Her name is Ryoka Griffin. She’s quite good—she ran through the High Passes by herself, once! I could introduce you to her perhaps.”
“A Human female? A City Runner? Or…a Courier?”
“Not a Courier, Miss Blackpaw, but she’s probably the closest to it in Liscor or Celum!”
Regrika bared her teeth in a smile.
“I would like to meet such a Human. Yes, thank you Olesm Swifttail.”
Olesm flushed with pride. Jelaqua spoke up as well, coming over while Zel and Ilvriss and Zevara argued about Humans.
“We all stay at the inn. We’d be happy to show you around after this.”
“I would be most honored, yes. And I shall introduce you to my companion too. She is a powerful [Mage], a Gold-rank adventurer. We must drink together, yes?”
“Of course! I’m sure Erin and Ryoka would be honored to meet you!”
Olesm practically fell over himself with pleasure. Another famous guest for Erin’s inn! Wouldn’t she be pleased when Olesm brought a Named Adventurer to her inn?
After a moment Ilvriss called everyone to order. He pointedly tapped on the map with the Goblin Lord’s probable location on it.
