4.26 M
Page 10
“It will be done. I will give orders. You may take two companies of [Knights], armed with minor magical artifacts. I will give you the armor of your forebears for this [General], and three battle golems. Your maid—”
“Gets a dagger. Or a shortsword. She can use both. But it has to be concealable.”
“Assassins. Bah. Very well, I will grant her the Keing Dagger—”
“That’s a poor artifact. Give her the Yawning Blade, you cheapskate.”
“For her? No. She may have the Vision of Grasses and I will expect it returned when this business is done.”
Regis pulled a dagger out of the air and handed it to Ressa. The blade was curved and tinted green, and tapered off into a cutting edge that eyes alone could not see. Ressa bowed as she accepted it and took exquisite care not to let the edges touch any part of her body.
“There. As for this artifact you require—I will give you one that can dispose of the Great Chieftain personally. One moment.”
Magnolia waited and found herself being handed a tube with countless symbols etched into it after a moment. It looked like a very cylindrical vase, or an over tall cup of some kind. She dubiously stared into it and the attendant who’d given it to her snatched it back.
“Please treat it carefully, Lady Reinhart. This device will activate if you will it, and it is capable of felling a Giant.”
“A shame that they were all wiped out, then.”
Magnolia took the tube back and tossed it up in the air. Then she caught it and pointed it around, aiming casually.
“How do I—? Oh, yes, I see. I just have to think and it’ll trigger, correct? How very handy. I can’t wait to see what it does.”
She swung the tube carelessly, aiming it around the armory. Everyone ducked, including Regis. He roared at her as Ressa picked herself up from the floor.
“Careful with that, brat! Do you know how many of your ancestors have died from magical artifacts they’ve used improperly?”
“Not many if they had to get them from you, great uncle. Now, I’d love to be going soon, but I felt I should mention one last thing. While I was requesting soldiers, it came to my attention that Tyrion Veltras is doing the same. It seems he intends to raise an army to deal with the Goblin Lord, although he was quite content to leave them alone earlier.”
Regis’ face purpled as he got to his feet. He roared, making his attendants clap their hands to their ears.
“The Veltras? Those lowborn dogs want to steal glory and a march on our family? Why didn’t you tell me before? If you had, I’d have given you all that you asked without arguing!”
Magnolia smiled sweetly.
“Because now you’ll give me everything I asked for and more, grandfather. Or would you like Tyrion Veltras to be the one responsible for defeating both the Goblin Lord and this Great Chieftain?”
Regis stared at Magnolia, eye twitching. Ressa saw one of the attendants—two of them, actually—giggling, and wondered if their long years of imprisonment here were bearable after all. She hoped so, for their sakes.
As for her, Ressa looked at her mistress as she stared down her immortal ancestor. He glared at her, swore, cursed her mother and her mother’s mother, all of whom had dealt with him before, and then, surprisingly, smiled.
“You’re an impertinent brat. You always were. I suppose this is why you make for such a good head of the family, though. It’s children like you who make me think we’ll take this continent yet.”
He smiled fondly at Magnolia, who rolled her eyes. Ressa sighed too, as Regis began to speak about Magnolia’s great, great, great, great grandmother.
Visiting the family was always a tiresome affair.
 
—-
 
