4.27 H
Page 17
“What? I got the class change yesterday. I guess it was a sign I was about to learn [Ice Wall]. I’ve been meaning to tell you all, but what with the Goblin Lord and the Named Adventurers popping up left and right, there was never a good time.”
“I’m glad.”
Pisces spoke to Ceria. He squeezed her arm, and she squeezed his with her skeletal hand. The last to rise was Ksmvr.
“I am Ksmvr, formerly of the Free Antinium. I am a Level 16 [Warrior].”
He looked at the others. They gaped at him. Ceria burst out first.
“Level 16? You’re so…weak! How are you only Level 16 when you can fight like…”
The Antinium looked guilty.
“I was Level 12 when we first met. The Antinium do not level, except in the case of Individuals. And I did not level much after my creation in the Hive, merely studied my predecessor’s history and assisted my Queen…”
He looked at the others and seemed to grow smaller. More hesitant. Ceria couldn’t believe it. She’d assumed Ksmvr was Level 20, at least! He fought like he was a veteran similar to any of the [Warriors] she’d met. Yvlon’s face showed the same amazement Ceria felt.
The Antinium seemed to sense the other’s disbelief. He spoke quietly, suddenly, afraid.
“Please do not eject me from your group. This is the only place where I have meaning.”
The other Horns of Hammerad looked at him, shocked. Ksmvr, who hadn’t trembled when being bitten by Crelers, shook like a leaf in front of them. Pisces let go of Ceria to rest a hand on Ksmvr’s shoulder.
“I doubt either Yvlon or Ceria would eject you from the group, good Ksmvr. I certainly would not, especially since you are the only one who listens to my advice. You are a valued member, and more so perhaps, given your potential to grow in strength.”
“Yeah, what he said without the fancy words. You’re one of us, Ksmvr.”
Ceria smiled at Ksmvr, and then fell over. The other Horns of Hammerad stared at Ceria as she lay on the ground and moaned weakly.
“I think the poison’s getting to her. Damn Crelers are nightmares. We need to get back to Esthelm, or better yet, Liscor at speed. Termin’s gone though. And it’s miles…”
Yvlon groaned as she stared out into the snow. The Corusdeer soup they’d all eaten was wearing off and it was cold. Pisces muttered to himself.
“It seems we must carry Springwalker. On a sledge, perhaps? Is it worth the effort of fashioning one?”
“I could attempt to carry her—”
As Ksmvr and Pisces debated, Yvlon looked around. She jumped as she saw the two undead bears staring at her. She frowned, looked at Pisces, and then hesitated. She looked back at the bears, and her eyes widened.
Slowly, she turned to the necromancer and cleared her throat. He looked at her, and Yvlon spoke very cautiously.
“I might regret saying this, but…Pisces, the Adventurer’s Guild banned you from using any corpses made from people, right? They never said anything about bears.”
For a moment Pisces stared at Yvlon. Then he grinned. Yvlon smiled and Ceria raised her head.
“I’m okay! What’s…what’s…?”
She looked up as Pisces and Ksmvr lashed her to a piece of wood. Yvlon had sliced down a tree with her sword and they were tying it together with some rope from Ksmvr’s pack.
“What’s…? Huh, Yvlon?”
The woman smiled down at Ceria. It was Ksmvr who explained.
“Bears.”
 
—-
 
