4.27 H
Page 7
Ceria sat up as Ksmvr and Pisces both looked up from their position around the fireplace. The half-Elf frowned at Yvlon and opened her mouth. Yvlon looked grim, and a bit upset, although Ceria couldn’t have said exactly why.
Erin looked from Ceria to Yvlon with a slight frown on her face.
“You’re going on a request? Fighting? I mean, you’re going to hunt monsters and stuff?”
“So it seems. We talked, but I didn’t—”
Ceria realized the other adventurers were looking and coughed.
“Good job, Yvlon. What’s the request?”
“Bears. There’s three of them that have been bothering the people of Esthelm. Scaring [Hunters], going after people in their home—it’s not worth much, but someone needs to get rid of them before they kill someone.”
The other people in the inn clustered around Yvlon as she explained. Apparently the cave had already been found and it wasn’t far. The request was a simple extermination one. The only catch was that the bears were all adult. And male.
Ryoka frowned. She was sitting at a table as Ceria, Pisces, and Yvlon sat around the table. Ksmvr had gone into Liscor to find them a transport.
“I was under the impression that bears—especially male bears—hunted alone. Wouldn’t they kill each other rather than work together?”
Ceria shook her head. She was pondering over a map of the region and trying to eye Yvlon while she spoke. The other woman was ignoring her looks.
“When times get tough, even bears will work together to bring down big monsters. It’s a tough world.”
“Sounds like a simple mission. Better watch out, though.”
Halrac came over. The [Scout] didn’t speak much, but apparently he was familiar with this sort of request. He nodded at Ceria.
“Make sure they’re not Mothbears. It’s hard to imagine a [Hunter] mistaking one for the other, but it can happen. Also check to make sure they’re not rabid.”
Jelaqua nodded.
“Or infected with Brainshrooms! We had to fight through half a forest’s worth of animals controlled by fungi one time. Not fun! I got one on my head and I had to get rid of my body before the mushrooms got me!”
“We’ll do that. I guess we’ll see what happens.”
Ceria mumbled as she looked from Pisces to Yvlon. He was frowning and Yvlon wasn’t staring at either of her teammates. Both adventurers looked concerned, for different reasons. Ceria was too. But she forced a smile for the sake of the others.
“I guess we’ll see. It’s just bears. How hard—”
She paused as Erin and Ryoka winced. Ceria gulped and sighed.
“We’d better get moving.”
 
—-
 
“So, why did you decide to take the request, Yvlon? Without asking us?”
Ceria tried to keep her voice neutral as she covered herself with a cloak. She was sitting in a wagon as it bumped along the frozen ground. Pisces and Ksmvr both looked up from their seats at Yvlon. The armored woman glanced up at Ceria and shrugged.
“I got tired of sitting around. I’m as healed as—well, I’m better now, and we’ve got all these new artifacts. We want to be Gold-rank adventurers, right? We might as well start taking requests.”
“To hunt bears. Hardly an illustrious task, or so I feel.”
Pisces frowned. Yvlon glanced at him, and then away. Her regard for Pisces’ opinion couldn’t have been more plain. Ceria saw Pisces’ face harden and spoke up.
“That’s not what I mind. It’s just that we normally talk things over first.”
“We agreed Esthelm was a good place to look for contracts, especially since there’s not much work around Liscor or Celum.”
“Yeah, but—you know what? Never mind.”
