4.27 H
Page 5
“Uh, okay. What’s the problem?”
Ksmvr nodded. Oblivious to the stares, he raised his voice and spoke calmly.
“I feel that this restriction on the summoning of undead is unjust. You are restricting our tactical diversity with such actions. The raising of the dead is a key facet to the [Necromancer] class, and I for one object to the crippling of one of my fellow adventurer’s abilities. I am sure my colleagues feel the same.”
He nodded around the room at the shocked Drakes, Humans and Gnolls. There was a pause and one of the Drakes, a short fellow with black scales stood up.
“Not I! I’m glad I don’t have to deal with a [Necromancer], let alone journey with one! Who knows if he’d turn me into a zombie after I died! Would you like that, Antinium?”
There was a great deal of hostility in his voice, which Ksmvr seemed to completely ignore. The Antinium nodded calmly.
“I would be insulted if he did not use my body.”
The black-scaled Drake paused.
“What? Are you insane? Why would you want that?”
Ksmvr clicked his mandibles together.
“Animating a fallen teammate’s corpse is the only sound tactical decision to be made in a combat situation. Or would you prefer to let your comrades lie where they fall?”
Ceria found herself edging away from the Antinium a bit as he turned and spoke. She and Yvlon were biting their lips. Pisces was staring.
Selys coughed gingerly.
“That’s uh—not what we want, Ksmvr. In fact, that’s sort of why Pisces isn’t allowed to animate the dead in the first place. No one wants to end up as a zombie or ghoul.”
The Antinium turned, looking somewhat irate.
“But that makes no sense. I object most strongly to this rule. Are you implying that my corpse has no tactical value in combat?”
He leaned over the counter, addressing Selys directly.
“I can assure you that my deceased form is quite operable in many situations so long as it has not been dissected, disintegrated, incinerated, consumed, possessed, liquefied, or—”
“Alright, thank you Selys! We’ll be going now. Come on, Ksmvr.”
Ceria dragged Ksmvr back. She desperately signaled to Yvlon, and the female warrior helped Ceria pull the Antinium to the door. Ksmvr was still trying to lecture everyone on the benefits of his corpse as a tool of utility. Pisces was trying not to laugh, and everyone was staring.
They made it out the door and it slammed shut behind them. In the snowy street, Ceria looked around. Yvlon met her eyes, and then both heard a grunting sound. They looked and saw Pisces, trying not to guffaw. Ksmvr looked at him, and then at Ceria.
“Is comrade Pisces alright, Captain?”
“Fine.”
Ceria sighed. She wanted to cover her face with her hands and get drunk. But she couldn’t. Instead, she pointed.
“Let’s go back to the inn.”
This was her team. Her terrible, mismatched, insane…team. She saw Yvlon smiling for a second as Pisces nearly choked on his robes and then how she caught herself and frowned at the [Necromancer].
Her team. Some days Ceria wondered if they were really a team, or if they would break apart. They were so fragile. Like glass. And they were so, so…weak.
 
—-
 
Later that day, around lunch, Ceria was sitting at a table eating and reading from her burnt spellbook when she looked up suddenly and shouted.
“I did it!”
Heads turned. The Horns of Hammerad were in the inn along with Ryoka and the Gold-rank adventuring teams. They were having a day off, and Ryoka had come by to tell Erin the Gnolls were having a huge party in her inn later that day.
“You did what?”
