4.27 H
Page 15
Yvlon gritted her teeth as Pisces tried to remove the bent armor. Ceria had to turn away when she saw the broken skin and protruding bone that was Yvlon’s arm. There was bent steel mixed in with the bone. Pisces hissed under his breath. Yvlon looked down at her arm with disgust, but again, without pain.
“Please hold still. I shall—correct the bones and refit them properly. You may wish to look away.”
Pisces put his hands on Yvlon’s arms and concentrated. The bones began to reshape themselves under her flesh. Both Yvlon and Ceria looked up and away as Pisces spoke.
“You are fortunate that I am present. Using healing potions to mend broken bones is often a futile or dangerous effort. However, in my case—please bear with the sensations for a moment.”
“Like I said—”
“You really can’t feel a thing, can you?”
Ceria stared at Yvlon. The woman’s face was sweaty, but there was no hint of agony in her eyes. Just…a disturbed look. Yvlon nodded.
“I can’t feel a thing. I, aha, have a Skill. [Ignore Pain].”
She twisted her arm as Pisces finished and lifted it. The bones were straight now, whole, despite the metal grafted to them, but the skin—Ceria felt the urge to throw up. Yvlon poured a healing potion on her arm and watched the skin run together like water.
“I’ve heard of older warriors earning Skills like [Lesser Pain Tolerance] which lets them fight on when wounded…”
When she felt she could look, Ceria stared at Yvlon and saw the other woman’s twisted smile. Yvlon swung her arm about, testing it, and then shrugged.
“I didn’t feel my arm break. I only noticed when I couldn’t grip the sword properly.”
“How?”
“It’s a Skill I got. It’s nothing to worry about, Ceria. I’m grateful for it, believe me.”
“Tree shit.”
“Bullshit, if you will excuse my language.”
Pisces and Ceria spoke at the same time. They looked at each other, and then at Yvlon.
“Pig shit. Bird poo. Squirrel feces. Lizard poo. Drake poo. Excuse me. I thought we were listing excrement.”
Ksmvr came over, covered in Creler goo. He cocked his head at the others as they laughed. Ceria shook her head and then glared at Yvlon.
“No one gets—[Ignore Pain] just like that. You’re hiding something, Yvlon. Why didn’t you tell us you couldn’t feel your arms?”
The woman smiled crookedly.
“Because I was grateful. Do you know how much it hurt the day before I slept…? Right after the dungeon, I mean. I was going to scream, but then I leveled up, gained my Skill…and a new class.”
“A new class?”
“[Wounded Warrior].”
Yvlon grinned at Ceria’s shocked expression. Pisces put a finger to his lips thoughtfully.
“Intriguing. I had not heard of such a class…I assume that Skill was one of the, ah, rewards for your transition?”
“The only one I have so far. It’s…I don’t know what to call it. But I could fight. Badly, but I could fight despite my arm breaking.”
“It’s not right. Yvlon, I’m so—”
“What do you want me to say, Ceria? I’m a cripple without that Skill. I wouldn’t be able to move my arms—I’d have to cut them off or scream myself to death. And without Pisces, I’d lose them anyways.”
Yvlon nodded at Pisces. He looked somber.
“I can repair your arms, but I regret that I cannot do anything about the iron fused with your, ah, flesh, Yvlon. It may be removed, but there is not enough bone to reconstruct your arms with afterward.”
“And you can’t…add more bone? I’ve never asked before, but…”
Yvlon nodded subtly at the two undead bears that were standing watch over the burning junior Creler. Ceria’s mouth dropped open. Pisces eyes widened before he shook his head.
