4.27 H
Page 10
“Nah, that’s…well, it might be. How should I know?”
“You’re the half-Elf.”
“So? That’s speciesism right there, Yvlon. You Humans think we half-Elves know everything about the wilderness just because we live closer to it. It’s all just snow to me.”
“I see fur by the entrance, Comrade Yvlon, Captain Ceria.”
“…That’s probably a good sign, Ksmvr. Does the fur tell you how many bears are inside?”
“The report said three.”
“The report was made by a [Hunter] who didn’t get within a hundred meters of the cave. We could be looking at only one very active bear. Or three.”
“Or six.”
“Six? Dead gods, Pisces, don’t joke!”
“It is a legitimate concern, Yvlon. If we are uncertain of our chances, we should take precautions. What do you think, Springwalker?”
“Well…I was thinking we could…”
“Yes? Develop a defensive wall of ice perhaps while Ksmvr takes up his bow and a superior vantage point? With my invisibility spell I could attack from the flanks while Yvlon engages them with her enchanted equipment. If I calculate the odds, I would assume—”
“Calculate? Odds? No, I was just thinking we’d charge in there and sort things out.”
“…”
“…Ceria?”
“What? That’s how Calruz did things. Okay, maybe he had a bit of a plan—”
“I will volunteer to be the first to charge in, Captain Ceria. You may assume from my cries for help or of encouragement whether the danger is—”
“Shush, Ksmvr. Okay, let’s just…go in. I don’t think using an invisibility spell would help in scouting, Pisces. Bears have a good sense of smell.”
“Agreed. I would not risk myself. Very well, but what about scaring the bears out with one of the devices we’ve received? That screaming monster lure?”
“Eh. I thought close quarters would be better, actually. Hear me out. I can freeze part of the cave and make it so only one person gets through. Yvlon uses her shield and pokes the bear with her sword—”
“Pokes?”
“You know. Do your warrior thing. I’m not an expert! She pokes, Pisces and I throw spells and keep the ice barriers up, and Ksmvr shoots at the bear and takes over if Yvlon needs to fall back.”
“One at a time. I like it. We box them in. I also have the enchanted ring with the [Shatterbolt] spell embedded in it—”
“Is that what it’s called? Just don’t hit us. Use it only if you have a clear shot. Okay, let’s do this. Yvlon in front, then Ksmvr and me, and Pisces at the rear.”
“Agreed.”
“Got it.”
“Please use my corpse as a tool if I should fall in battle, Comrade Pisces—”
Perhaps there were better ways to enter the cave, but at least the Horns of Hammerad moved in formation and no one was screaming. The cave system was fairly high overhead and wide enough for them to move all shoulder to shoulder if they chose. It was dark, and uncomfortably silent. The Horns of Hammerad moved as quietly as possible, hearing Yvlon’s armor shift quietly, Pisces’ robes brush against the floor, but nothing else.
They found the first bear halfway in. Yvlon knelt by the yellowed skull while Ksmvr kept a lookout with his bow.
“Looks fresh. And whatever ate the bear has sharp teeth. See the bite marks?”
“Cannibalism? The others bears turned on it?”
Ceria whispered. Pisces grunted as he knelt by the skull and shook his head.
“Too small for a bear. These aren’t teeth marks either. It looks like the flesh was…clawed from the bone.”
“You’re sure?”
“I am a [Necromancer].”
“What the hell are we looking at, then?”
They got their answer when they found the second bear’s skeleton. This one was only half-eaten. Ceria blanched as she saw the lower half, still partly intact.
“Dead gods.”
“Something’s feasting on it. This bear’s huge!”
