4.27 H
Page 3
Ceria Springwalker sat at a table and felt like one of the little beetles coming out from a rotting floorboard at the table. She felt like one of them, especially when Ksmvr surreptitiously bent down and crunched one between his mandibles. She felt like a little beetle after seeing a Named Adventurer in the flesh.
Again.
The half-Elf could remember when she’d met Gazi the Omniscient. The feeling was similar. It wasn’t just the presence such people exuded, it was knowing all the things they’d accomplished and then measuring yourself against them.
It made you feel small.
As she sat, Ceria fingered the wand that Ryoka had brought back from Invrisil for her. A wand, some magic robes, and a burned spellbook…what else did she have? Nothing. Her magic was a tiny snowflake in the wind compared to real adventurers.
“They look happy.”
This time someone at their table spoke. Ceria didn’t look up; she could hear Pisces’ voice. She nodded, staring at another beetle.
“The Gnolls? Why shouldn’t they be? She’s their hero. A Named Adventurer from your species walks in, and of course you’re happy.”
“Right.”
Someone else spoke. Yvlon.
“What’s her title? I mean, her nickname. Don’t all Named Adventurers get one?”
“Regrika the Fortress. I think.”
A pause.
“Not very original.”
“Try saying that to her face. I—oh, wait, that’s not it. I got it mixed up. She’s nicknamed ‘Fortress Blackpaw’. Because no one can lay a scratch on her.”
Ceria sighed and looked up as a pair of Antinium fingers picked up another beetle. She saw Ksmvr freeze as he lifted the squirming insect up. Of all the adventurers, he looked the least concerned.
“Pardon me Captain Ceria. Is eating bugs off the floor not permitted? Should I pay for my consumption?”
“I think they’ll pay you if you eat enough, Ksmvr. Aren’t you…bothered by seeing a Named Adventurer?”
The Antinium considered the question.
“I am not sure. What emotions should her visage produce in me?”
“Oh, I don’t know. Hopelessness, despair. A sensation that you’ll never reach that level no matter how hard you try and that your entire life has been wasted because you can’t imagine yourself ever becoming that famous or successful?”
Ceria slumped over the table and saw Pisces and Yvlon wince. Ksmvr paused.
“No, I do not believe so. I will inform you if such emotions cross my mind. Are they to be desired?”
Hollow laughter was his response. The Horns of Hammerad sat. They did feel small. Small and unworthy. They only looked up when someone called their name.
“Hey! You lot! Come over and stop moping about!”
A female Drake with light green scales was waving at them from the receptionist’s desk. The Horns got up and slowly trudged over to Selys. She regarded them critically.
“You look terrible. What, is just seeing a Named Adventurer enough to make you all act like invalids?”
Pisces raised a hand.
“I am, in fact, nursing a hangover as well, Miss Selys. So if you could lower your voice?”
He rubbed at his haggard face as both Yvlon and Ceria glared at him. Selys sighed.
“I don’t know why Erin puts up with you, I really don’t. Okay, time to do my job. I’ve talked with my grandm—the Guildmaster. I’m sorry, but you’re not certified Gold-rank adventurers yet. You’ll have to take on a few requests and prove you can handle yourselves before you get the new rank.”
She looked sympathetic as all the Horns of Hammerad groaned. Ceria felt a weight settle on her back. She knew it was unlikely, but she’d hoped they could become Gold-rank adventurers. But new armor and weapons did not a Gold-rank adventurer make.
