4.27 H
Page 4
“Told you we should have tried it at the guild in Celum.”
Pisces grumbled. Yvlon shook her head.
“That would be…awkward. At least we know where we stand. Is that all, Selys?”
“No. Actually, I’ve got more bad news for you. Or rather, Pisces.”
Selys sighed as she leaned over the counter. Pisces frowned.
“What about? Ah. Don’t tell me. My class has once again stigmatized me in the eyes of your Guild.”
“Don’t be so dramatic! It’s not like that—”
Pisces crossed his arms, frowning. Selys hesitated.
“Okay, maybe it’s because you’re a [Necromancer]. Word’s spread and people like my grandmother, the Guildmaster, are a bit…unhappy.”
That was surprising and unwelcome news. Pisces scowled. Suddenly concerned, Ceria put her hands on the desk.
“Hold on, I thought no one had an issue with Pisces being a [Necromancer]. He wasn’t when we reformed the Horns of Hammerad.”
“Yeah, well, he wasn’t an adventurer until recently. And with all this news about the Goblin Lord and his undead army…”
“I should have known. It seems my magic is unwelcome wherever I go.”
Already Pisces was withdrawing, growing more hostile by the moment. Ceria turned to him and held up a hand. He subsided briefly, looking angry. She remembered that look from Wistram and turned desperately to Selys.
“I know Pisces’ magic is a touchy subject around here, what with the Necromancer, but he hasn’t done anything wr—okay, he hasn’t done much wrong.”
“I know, I know!”
Selys looked frustrated. She tapped a claw on the counter.
“Look, we’re not kicking him out. And we’re not saying he can’t practice necromancy. He just can’t animate, uh, people.”
“What? But that’s—”
“It’s the rules. I’m sorry. If we see him raising dead bodies—no matter what the reason—he’ll be arrested. Or worse.”
“So I am prevented from my craft. How wonderfully tolerant.”
Pisces sneered. Selys gave him a look.
“I’m just relaying orders, Mister Necromancer. While you’re in Liscor or around the city, you can’t use the corpses of people.”
“Of any species?”
“Funny you should mention that. I have a list. Let’s see…no using Drake corpses, Drake bones, Gnoll corpses or bones, the remains of Humans, Minotaurs, Centaurs, half-Elves, Dwarves, Drowned Women—or Men—the parts of Stitch People, any aspect of a Dullahan…not sure if they have bones, so that’s why the wording’s so…anyways, no Gazer bodies either…”
Selys ran down a very long list of what was probably every major known species in the world. She had to take a few deep breaths when she’d finished. Pisces was looking even more irate now, but Ceria had noticed an omission in the Drake’s list of undeadables.
“You didn’t have Lizardfolk on that list. Is that a mistake?”
“Oh, no. The city’s fine with using their bodies, if you find them.”
“How lenient.”
Pisces was clearly agitated. Ceria traded glances with Yvlon. On one hand she understood the city’s desire for undead to be kept off the streets. On the other hand, a blanket ban against all undead was…reasonable. But Pisces was part of their group. She hesitated, unsure of what to say.
Other adventurers were staring at their group, and most were eying Pisces with no small deal of hostility. The [Necromancer]’s shoulders were hunched. He was clearly aware of the staring and he seemed ready to snap. Ceria opened her mouth, unsure if she could defend him, when someone else leaned on the table.
Ksmvr. He cleared his throat and gently snapped his mandibles together.
“Miss Shivertail, may I state my objections to your restrictions on my fellow teammate?”
Selys blinked at the Antinium and eyed him for a moment.
