4.27 H
Page 6
Pisces raised his head up. He had been drinking again. It seemed like he was determined to enjoy Erin’s hospitality as much as he could, and he was having a second plate of pasta. Ksmvr, determined to copy Pisces, was doing the same, happily scarfing down gluten thanks to his enchanted ring.
“I did it, Pisces. I learned the spell.”
Ceria sat back, her mind buzzing, staring in shock at the slightly burnt pages of the spellbook in front of her. And in her head was something else as well.
Knowledge. A…certainty. A revelation, the sense of a puzzle finally clicking into place. Certainty, in an uncertain world.
Magic.
“[Ice Wall].”
Ceria breathed the words. A sheet of ice rose in front of her table, cutting off Pisces’ robes and freezing then in place. It was a thin wall, but it was a wall, and as Pisces yelped and tried to free himself, Ceria felt the magic surging in her. She looked around and saw people staring.
“Ice magic!”
Jelaqua sat up, chortling and pointing. Erin rushed out of the kitchen and exclaimed when she saw the six foot high barrier of ice. It was cold enough that it wasn’t melting yet, despite the warm room.
“Oh! Wow! It’s that spell you told me about! The one your old master knew how to use! Did you learn how to do it just now Ceria? That’s amazing!”
“Amazing and cold! Free my leg, Springwalker!”
Pisces howled at Ceria and blew hot flames onto the barrier of ice before she could dispel the magic. The ice melted onto Pisces’ robes, drenching the young man. Ceria watched as Ksmvr helped kick the ice wall apart, grinning stupidly.
“It’s not as strong as some examples of the spell I’ve seen, but for a first time attempt it’s quite reasonable. Yes indeed, I am quite impressed.”
Typhenous smiled as he leaned forwards, hands on his staff. Jelaqua pounded the table.
“Hah! A [Mage] learning a spell’s another reason for a party!”
“Wait, so you just learned it?”
Erin looked at Ceria. The half-Elf smiled.
“I just did. Remember that spell I was working on? The one that that mage—Teriarch—showed me? It was [Ice Wall]. I knew how the spell worked and Illphres was beginning to teach me it but—”
There were tears around the edges of her eyes. The half-Elf wiped at them, feeling mystified and relieved at once. Pisces stopped brushing at the water on his robes and glanced up at Ceria. She looked at him and felt the past drawing at her.
“Ah.”
That was all he said. He eyed the wall of ice, half melted and broken in place and tapped it.
“Half a foot thick. As Typhenous has said, a quite passable first attempt. Useful in a myriad of situations I would imagine.”
“Yeah.”
Ceria grinned, still brushing at her eyes. She felt Erin hovering around her back.
“It’s—it’s great. I’ve wondered if I could master it, but I figured it out so quickly—”
“A Tier 4 spell. Worthy of any Gold-rank mage, wouldn’t you say?”
“Oh yes. Not my forte, but I know similar spells and have made use of them on many occasions.”
Typhenous came over. He nodded to Ceria, a smile on his face. Ceria was accepting his compliments, and Moore’s, when the door opened.
“Yvlon!”
The armored women came in, brushing snow off of her new armor. She had the enchanted sword and buckler at her side. When she saw the wall of ice she halted.
“What’s this?”
“A wall of ice. I just learned how to cast it.”
Yvlon stared as Ceria explained in brief. The human woman nodded brusquely.
“Good. Just in time. I’ve got a request for us at last. It’s just past Esthelm.”
“What?”
