4.27 H
Page 14
Yvlon was kneeling by Ceria, watching out for stray Crelers. Ksmvr had her blade and was dicing up the remaining Crelers with Pisces and the undead bears. Ceria blinked at her.
“Your—arm.”
The woman blinked and Ceria looked at her bent right arm. It looked horrible, and blood was leaking around one of the gauntlets, but Yvlon only shrugged.
“Can’t feel it.”
“Why? What?”
Ceria stared at her friend. Yvlon smiled crookedly. She raised her arm broken and waggled it horribly. It shifted and Ceria saw Yvlon’s face change not one bit.
“I can’t feel a thing.”
 
—-
 
“I think we’re done.”
Pisces spoke after a while. He staggered back to the cave entrance where Ceria was sitting up with Yvlon. The half-Elf was feeling better. She’d washed the spot where the Creler had dug into her neck with lots of water and some healing potion. The poison kept the wound from closing and it was horribly deep, but Ceria could think.
“You sure? We can’t leave a single egg behind.”
“Ksmvr was rather thorough. We have diced up every Creler we could find, save for the adult, and begun cremating the remains.”
“Did you get a count? We’ll need to testify under truth spell—”
Yvlon sat next to Ceria, wiping her gore-covered blade with snow.
“I counted eighteen small ones and one adult.”
“Eighteen? They felt like hundreds!”
“Only eighteen. Sorry. But you know what the bounty of Crelers is. We’ll earn a lot for each one. As for the adult, I hear it’s a two thousand gold coin prize for killing one!”
“Too bad that’s not an adult.”
“What?”
Pisces coughed.
“Ksmvr explained it to me. Ksmvr?”
He called and the Antinium walked over. Ksmvr was wounded in several places and there were pieces of chitin missing from his legs, one of his arms, and his shoulder. For all that, he appeared as unconcerned as Yvlon with his injuries.
“Yes, Comrade Pisces? I am attempting to destroy the junior Creler.”
“Junior? Oh come on. It’s got to be an adult! I’ve never seen one, but—junior?”
The Antinium nodded at Yvlon and Ceria’s shocked expressions.
“It is decidedly a juvenile example of the species. The ones we encountered en masse were hatchlings of course. But an adult is considerably larger. And it can fly. If we had encountered one such Creler, I doubt we would be alive. It takes many Soldiers to bring down a single adult.”
“Dead gods. No wonder the bounty on them is so high!”
“Indeed. On that note Captain, I am about to dismember and then destroy the juvenile Creler. I would ask that Comrade Pisces help me in incinerating the remains. I also caution you all to avoid eating any part of the Creler. Its eggs may incubate in your body and hatch if you eat it.”
The Antinium looked around in the sudden silence. He shrugged.
“The Antinium have learned this to our detriment. Crelers are not a valid food source for this reason.”
He went back to hacking at the Creler’s corpse. After a moment Yvlon tried to get up and go to him. She tried, because she attempted to use her broken arm to lever herself up until she realized what she was doing. Ceria put a hand over her mouth and Pisces frowned.
“Yvlon, your arm—”
“Can’t feel it.”
“It’s still broken!”
Ceria looked in horror at Yvlon. The other woman gave her a pale smile.
“I’m fine, Ceria. Once we get back—”
“I can correct the bones for you and use a healing potion now, if you like.”
Pisces squatted down by Yvlon’s arm and indicated the gauntlet.
“We must only remove the gauntlet first. I fear that will be troublesome—”
“No problem. We can do it. Don’t worry about me; I can’t feel it. Like I said.”
