4.28
Page 18
“No, they said they liked it. Why? Is something wrong?”
“It’s just a feeling. Eh, whatever.”
Erin shook off the odd sensation in her head and grinned.
“A Named Adventurer and a Gnoll party! We’re raking in the dough tonight!”
“Raking? I thought you kneaded dough. Or is that some advanced form of cooking I don’t know about?”
“No, it’s this expression see. I—you know what, forget it.”
Erin deflated slightly. She waved the comment off and then looked around. She spotted Brunkr sitting alone at a table and wandered over.
“Brunkr! Aren’t you going to go have fun with the others? This party’s about you, right?”
The Gnoll grinned down at Erin, looking slightly drunk and very happy.
“It is good of you to say, yes? But I know this is for my Aunt, and for Ryoka as much as anything. My class is wonderful, but it is not all of this party. And Regrika Blackpaw’s presence honors us far more than my class.”
“Yeah, but your class is still cool! [Knight]! Wow! How did you get it?”
Brunkr’s eyes flicked from Erin to something over her shoulder. He smiled.
“I cannot say. It is not my secret to give, yes?”
“Aw. Really? Well, maybe you could share it with Yvlon? She wants to be a [Knight] too, you know.”
“She does? Hrm.”
Brunkr glanced with interest over at Yvlon, who was sitting at a table and still talking about the Crelers they’d killed with the other Gold-rank adventurers. He smiled a bit.
“Perhaps I will talk with her or…others about such a thing. But my class was a gift, truly. I am unsure of what I will do with my new class, but perhaps such a life might be worth doing after all.”
Erin frowned.
“Do what? Be an adventurer? I hope you’re not going down into the dungeon!”
Brunkr shook his head instantly.
“Of course not. I am no fool, yes? I owe too much to you, my aunt, and…and to Lyonette to risk my life so easily. But when I see adventurers like Regrika or—or your friends, I remember that I too wish to become more than I am. The Horns of Hammerad—”
Erin’s eyes widened.
“Do you want to…?”
She glanced at her friends. Brunkr looked embarrassed and shook his head.
“I am no doubt rusty. And I have just recovered. A single level in a class is—”
“I could ask! I’m sure they’d be happy to have you!”
“No, no. I must practice first. There are other Gnolls I can join up with. I will—no, please Erin. This is not the time to talk of such things. I did not mean to bring it up. I wished to speak with you in private, if I am honest?”
“Me? About what?”
Brunkr paused. He rested his butt on the table where he and Erin were talking, and looked around her lively inn. His eyes lingered on Lyonette, and then on Mrsha as she curled up into a ball by the fireplace. A large bee crawled onto her head, fanning its wings by the flames.
“It is a strange thing, to believe you know someone and not know them at all.”
He looked at Erin, and nodded at her.
“You saved my arm.”
“Aw, that was—”
“Everything to me. I do not mistake it. You saved my arm, Erin Solstice. For that I cannot be more grateful. And I am more humbled, yes, to know how badly I misjudged you.”
Erin fell silent. She didn’t know what to say to that. She needed to say nothing, as it turned out. Brunkr stared at her, and then out a window at the snow, reflectively. He spoke quietly.
