4.28
Page 12
“He didn’t. He put up an open request and I took it because it paid well. Believe me, if I’d known it would have resulted in this, I wouldn’t have done it for all the gold in the world.”
“Hah. That is amusing. So much trouble over a Dragon’s whim.”
Regrika’s face didn’t change, but Az’kerash sounded like he was enjoying some dry humor. He paused.
“I understand both Wall Lord Ilvriss and Zel Shivertail are interested in you because of your delivery to me.”
“You killed Periss, his lieutenant. Or didn’t you notice?”
“They were disposed of by my creations. I had paid little attention until now. If the Wall Lord received the remains of his soldiers, would he be appeased?”
“Nope. Well, maybe. He wants to know why they died.”
“Ah. Inconvenient. However, it is a rectifiable situation. Hm. I have one more question for you, Ryoka Griffin. Why are there two of the Antinium in this inn?”
Ryoka hesitated.
“I’m good friends with Klbkch.”
“You are concealing the truth.”
“Get that from a truth spell? I’m not plotting against you, if that’s what you want to know.”
“That is part of what I wish to know, but it is…enough for now. For now, know this Ryoka Griffin. I do not desire my presence to be known. For that reason, I will guarantee your safety for now. My creations will not harm you.”
“And if you change your mind?”
Az’kerash paused. His voice was very cold.
“Give me no reason to. Understand, you have little say in this, Ryoka Griffin.”
No say. No choice. She was helpless. Perhaps that was true, but Ryoka’s temper flared. She leaned over the table, glaring at Regrika and not caring about how it looked.
“Oh yeah? What if I tell Zel Shivertail about you? You’re not here right now—this Venitra person and Ijvani are. If Zel kills them, what can you do about it?”
The voice that replied through Regrika’s mouth was icily unconcerned.
“What gives you the impression that would be an intelligent decision, girl?”
“He kicked your ass once in the Second Antinium War. He killed you, although I guess that part was wrong. What’s to stop him from doing it to your precious servants?”
Ryoka grinned at Regrika, and the Gnoll glared back. But it was Az’kerash who spoke again. His voice was impassive, and for that reason, terribly scary.
“If you wish to try, by all means speak. You and everyone in this inn with surely die. But if you think it is worth the cost, then allow me to give you this.”
A paw rose, reached out, and touched Ryoka on the lips. She jerked back, but it was too late. Something heavy gripped her tongue for a moment, and then was gone. Ivolethe cried out into Ryoka’s ear.
 
“Death magic! The executioner’s axe hangs over your head, Ryoka! Do not speak!”
 
Az’kerash spoke as Ryoka held very still, afraid to open her mouth.
“[Word of Death]. Speak any part of my name, Az’kerash, or mention necromancy and you will die in that instant.”
She stared at him, all her confidence lost again. The second intelligence hiding behind Regrika’s eyes flickered, and then vanished. Regrika got up. Without a word, she left the table. Ryoka sat there, ready to puke. She wanted to run and realized suddenly that there was nowhere far enough she could go.
And then Ryoka realized that Regrika and Ikriss were sitting at their tables, joking, talking about sending Ryoka to scout the Goblin Lord’s army, acting like everything was normal. But underneath the illusion the undead were still there. And so was Az’kerash. They were still watching her. And as Ryoka sat up and realized Klbkch and Xrn were still waiting to speak with her, she got really nervous.
 
—-
 
