4.28
Page 17
The Drake threw up his hands and danced about. Ryoka stared at the board. It had been…a damn good game. And it was even better because Erin had won. She grinned as she watched Ikriss sit back, a look of amazement on his face. Across the table, Regrika’s jaw looked like it was about to hit the floor.
“Every move I made was optimal. And yet I was defeated.”
Az’kerash spoke quietly. Erin laughed and slapped Ikriss on the back.
“You were great! How did you learn to play like that? It was a great match, like Olesm said. But the difference was that I had a different style.”
“Indeed. I have not encountered anything like it. You flanked my approach most spectacularly.”
Erin nodded and took on the lecturing tone of a hardcore fan of chess.
“It’s called the hypermodern play style. You had a really, really good control of the center at the start, but it was all pawns. But my strategy was all about controlling the center through indirect pieces, see? I keep telling Olesm it’s a really good style of play, but he’s stuck on pawns like Belgrade…”
Olesm turned bright red and Erin patted his shoulder. She turned and beamed at Ikriss.
“Want to play another game?”
“I should enjoy that very much. Please.”
They began to play. Ryoka stood watching the game. To be honest, she didn’t watch the game so much as Regrika’s expression. The Gnoll, or rather, Venitra, was watching the game with something like horror in her eyes. Because Erin won. She played Ikriss twice more, lost one game, won one—it didn’t matter that she didn’t win everything. When she beat Az’kerash, Ryoka saw part of Venitra failing to comprehend.
“That’s right. Your master isn’t flawless. Sucks, don’t it?”
Ryoka muttered to Regrika after the game was over. The Gnoll turned. There was pure fury in her eyes. She gripped Ryoka’s hand and squeezed. Just for a moment.
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice was having a good day. It seemed like a lot of days were good days recently, but today was excellent. She’d made a cake. She had important visitors, and she got to meet Xrn, who was really cool! And best of all—she got to play chess.
Why couldn’t all days be like this. Erin sighed as she pushed herself back from the game and shook Ikriss’ hand. The purple-scaled Drake smiled at her, his grip soft and light.
“You are a true master of this game. I am honored to play you and intrigued. Where did you obtain this level of skill?”
“Practice! Years of practice?”
Erin laughed until she remembered that chess had only been invented recently. She coughed.
“I play all the time. I’d love to play you again sometime if you’re up for it.”
“I believe I am.”
The Drake smiled slightly and turned away. Erin beamed, and then noticed Ryoka heading for the doors.
“Hey Ryoka, are you going out?”
“I—I’m going for a run.”
Ryoka’s hands were shoved deep in her pockets. She stomped towards the doors quickly, seeming to shield her right side. Erin frowned.
“At night? It’s dangerous—”
“Yeah. I’ll be back in a bit. I’ll see you—later, Erin. Have a good night.”
She left. Erin sighed, but let her moody friend go. She turned and saw Regrika was smiling and dining with all the Gnolls who loved her so much. She frowned as she saw the Gnoll bite with relish into a bit of her beef casserole. Erin stopped Lyonette as she went about the tables. She, Drassi, and Ishkr had been on their feet all night and looked beat. Erin made a note to pay them extra for tonight.
“Hey Lyonette, Regrika and that Ikriss guy like their food, right? Have they asked for anything changed or complained about the taste?”
Lyonette blinked at Erin and shook her head.
