4.28
Page 1
Ryoka worked her mouth, and found she could talk. She spoke shakily, grateful that she could tell the truth.
“I haven’t told anyone anything about your master. I swear it. No one knows I met Az’kerash or where he l—”
“Do not say his name. You are not worthy of saying his name.”
Venitra’s hand shot out. She grabbed one of Ryoka’s fingers. Her pinkie, on her good left hand. Ryoka stared at Venitra.
“I didn’t mean—”
“Suffer.”
The undead woman smiled. Then Venitra snapped Ryoka’s pinkie finger. Ryoka doubled over. She screamed—silently. Ijvani twisted her fingers and Ryoka’s mouth clamped shut. Her throat moved, but no sound came out.
“She’s telling the truth. I have cast a truth spell and she doesn’t appear to have any artifacts on her that would allow her to lie.”
“Good. Then our job is nearly done.”
“Nearly, but not enough. You aren’t precise enough, Venitra. This is why our master sent me with you.”
Ryoka was doubled over. Pain was filling every part of her, but she could see, dimly, Venitra turning to Ijvani, gritting her teeth.
“He told me to pick my choice of tracker. You came because I decided it.”
The black iron skeleton nodded calmly.
“Yes. And if I hadn’t come, Oom would have come with you. We are both the eldest of our master’s creations. You are the youngest, for all you are first in his eyes. You lack experience. So he has said.”
“I am his favorite.”
“So I have said.”
Ryoka was trying to get up, to run. She was on her knees and pushing herself up when a hand picked her up. Effortlessly. Venitra tossed Ryoka into a wall. Ryoka felt a flash of pain, and the world spun.
“Ask your questions, Ijvani.”
“I shall. Observe, Venitra.”
Another face bent down into Ryoka’s line of sight. Two pale blue lights burned in black sockets. Ijvani spoke.
“Have you left any notes, spells, or other measures to inform others of my master’s identity in case of your death or disappearance?”
“No.”
Ijvani paused, looked over at Venitra. The giant bone woman nodded in satisfaction. She knelt by Ryoka and grudgingly spoke to Ijvani.
“Good.”
Then Venitra smiled and reached out for Ryoka’s hand again. She broke another bone. On the same finger. She grasped the pinkie finger, ignoring Ryoka’s frantic blows to her arm and face, and broke the already broken bone in a different place. This time Ryoka’s silent scream was long.
The two undead stared at the curled up human on the ground. Not dispassionately; there was a great deal of satisfaction on Venitra’s face. Ijvani was harder to read for her lack of features, but her voice was pleased.
“She has told no one. I suppose we can kill her, then. But perhaps it would be better to let her live? Her disappearance would be noted.”
Venitra turned her head towards Ijvani, clearly displeased.
“Our master gave me the authority to make decisions, Ijvani. This Human is not worth keeping alive.”
The skeleton shrugged.
“The [Strategist] in the council meeting knew of her.”
There was a flash of yellow light in Venitra’s eyes. She shook her head.
“Inconsequential. I want her dead.”
“As you wish.”
Ryoka got up. The two undead looked at her as she cradled her left hand. She glared at them.
“People will come looking for me.”
“Let them. I told you I would kill you. I will kill your friends and family too, Ryoka Griffin.”
Venitra smiled down at Ryoka. Ryoka hesitated. She looked at the ground and then dove for her belt pouch. Venitra missed as she swiped for Ryoka, expecting her to try to run around her.
