4.28
Page 10
The first group to go over to Ryoka was Zel and Ilvriss. The Wall Lord got up at last, too furious to be restrained by Zel any longer. He marched over to Ryoka and took a seat at her table, uninvited. Ryoka blinked at him.
Az’kerash and his creations watched. The Necromancer mused quietly, his words heard by them and no one else.
 
Zel Shivertail and Wall Lord Ilvriss. They were the two who fought outside my castle a month ago. They clashed with my disciple and now end up here? Why? This is curious.
 
They heard the entirety of the conversation between them. It started out with threats, and insults. Ilvriss leaned over the table, making Ryoka lean back.
“You will tell me what I need to know. No more excuses! I demand—”
Zel pulled the Wall Lord back and smiled at Ryoka.
“You have to understand our position, Ryoka. When a group of soldiers goes missing, especially elites—”
“Did you kill them or not? How did they die? How did Periss—”
Ilvriss pounded the table. Venitra could make no sense of it, but Az’kerash put the pieces together quickly.
 
Ah. The Drake and Gnolls that Kerash and Bea disposed of. It has attracted the Wall Lord’s attention. This is…unfortunate. Yet it seems that Ryoka has refused to tell either Drake anything, despite their pressuring her.
 
Indeed, the next image all three watchers saw was Ryoka offering a single finger in reply to Ilvriss.
“Runner’s code, asshole. I can’t tell you a thing, even if I wanted to! I’m sorry, but that’s how it is.”
Ilvriss nearly strangled her, but Zel held him back. He was trying to argue with Ryoka, but his words weren’t that effective while Ilvriss uttered threats and tried to grab Ryoka over the table. However, the City Runner clearly had more on her mind. She glanced over at Ijvani and Venitra.
“Look, I’m really, really not looking to discuss anything tonight. Maybe later. In fact, why don’t you uh, turn around and piss off? That’d be helpful. Thanks.”
The two undead watched Zel forcibly pull Ilvriss away. Az’kerash’s tone was exasperated.
 
And you decided that the best course of action was simply to kill her? Why?
 
Ijvani and Venitra shuffled in their seats without saying anything. They heard a sigh in their heads.
 
You fools. This is why I ordered you to assess the situation before making any decisions! If this Ryoka Griffin disappears, this Wall Lord is sure to take interest. As for Shivertail—you are fortunate that your incompetence prevented you from taking her life earlier.
 
“Yes master.”
“Yes master.”
 
We shall speak with Ryoka Griffin now. I wish to know why the Antinium are here. They concern me—greatly. I was under the impression that Liscor’s Hive had produced nothing of value save for its strategic placement. I want to know what the Small Queen intends. She is dangerous.
 
—-
 
When Regrika Blackpaw walked over, Ryoka was prepared for the end. She was prepared for a fight, for threats, for anything and everything.
But she was not prepared for a smile. As Regrika sat down in front of Ryoka, she was smiling. She smiled and Ryoka stared. Perhaps it was just the illusion spell. But it was mimicking Venitra’s true expression, and for an instant, Ryoka saw nothing but simplicity in her smile. It was happy, guileless, and…innocent.
A child’s smile.
Ryoka had no idea why, until Regrika, or rather, Venitra, spoke.
“My master is here. He wishes to speak with you, Ryoka Griffin.”
Ryoka stared. She looked around and caught herself. She stared at Regrika.
“Here? In you?”
“I am watching and listening through my servant’s eyes, Ryoka Griffin. I am present. We have met before.”
