4.28
Page 9
She had no wish to interrupt her master’s thoughts or draw more ire towards her, but Venitra had to correct him. She felt wrong doing it, but she spoke up out of duty.
“She is a Runner, master. A City Runner, not a Courier.”
 
A City Runner? You are sure?
 
There was shock in Az’kerash’s voice. Venitra sent a mental approximation of nodding, very worried. Another pause, and then Az’kerash spoke to both Ijvani and Venitra.
 
Will she take action, Venitra? No? Good. Now. Look around again. Ijvani, monitor Zel Shivertail and the other Drake. Venitra, inquire about the Antinium. Subtly. I wish to understand what is transpiring here.
 
Obediently, his servants did just that. Regrika Blackpaw suddenly became the center of the table as she inquired politely about the two Antinium. Ikriss casually turned his seat so he could stare at the two Drakes out of the corner of his eye.
And across the room, Xrn and Klbkch were talking. They glanced over at Ryoka, and Xrn shook her head as she waved at Lyonette for service. Meanwhile, Zel and Ilvriss seemed to be arguing, and the Wall Lord kept standing up and being yanked down by the [General].
And they were all looking at Ryoka. The Runner wasn’t aware of this at first. She kept staring at Venitra and Ijvani. But she couldn’t ignore the other’s attention for too long.
Thanks to the spell Ijvani had cast, they all could hear Ryoka as she looked around and spotted first Klbkch and Xrn, and then Zel and Ilvriss and noticed them staring. The Human girl seemed to speak to herself a lot.
Venitra, Ijvani, and Az’kerash all heard Ryoka’s muttered words as she realized that Klbkch, Xrn, Zel, Ilvriss, and the disguised pair of undead were all staring at her corner table in turns.
“Oh fuck me sideways.”
 
—-
 
Some people might have called it funny. Three different groups, all intent on the same person, all at odds with each other, even if some of them didn’t know it. It was a classic Balerosian Standoff, and an impartial watcher might see the humor in it. The participants did not.
Ilvriss leaned over to Zel, hissing at him as he stared daggers at Klbkch and Xrn. He glanced over at Ryoka, at the Antinium, and gripped the handle of his sword tightly.
“Shivertail. Why are the two Prognugators here tonight? Is this some kind of Antinium trick?”
“Calm down, Ilvriss. I don’t know why they’re here either. They might have been watching us, or they have business with Ryoka as well.”
“Tonight? This is no coincidence! Either there’s a leak or we are being spied upon.”
“Funny, I thought we were trying to spy on them.”
“Don’t make light of this! We have to know what they want with Ryoka Griffin. Watch them, Shivertail.”
“I am.”
“If they make a move, we must be ready—”
“I know. Just keep calm. Keep…calm…”
 
—-
 
A few tables away, the two Antinium sat and stared at Ryoka Griffin and the two Drakes. Xrn coughed gently.
“Klbkchhezeim, why are the two Drakes here today?”
“Ah. I trust you are referring to the presence of Zel Shivertail and Wall Lord Ilvriss? I am uncertain. Zel is generally present for dinners. Ilvriss is an unknown factor. I suppose it is simply an unfortunate coincidence.”
“I see. They are glaring at us, Klbkch.”
“Yes. I suppose we upset them.”
“Our aim is not to upset them. I’ll try waving at them and see if it calms them down.”
“Ah.”
“Hmm. They really didn’t like that.”
“No, they did not. Perhaps I should try, Xrn?”
“I believe that would be most entertaining, Klbkch. Wave at Shivertail. Or better yet, buy him a drink.”
 
—-
 
