4.28
Page 19
“I did not know you. I thought you were an enemy, a fool at first. I was consumed by an image of you that was wrong. Entirely wrong. When I realized how ignorant I was, I felt as though I had lost my legs, my balance, and was falling. The world changed for me. My arm—I am sorry for all I said when you first came to me. Yes. I am sorry, and grateful we met.”
He smiled at Erin, looking a bit embarrassed. Brunkr turned his head away quickly and Erin grinned in delight. Gnoll faces were too furry to see, but she was sure, absolutely sure that he was blushing.
“You’re so nice. Aw. You’re making me blush.”
“I just wished to say thank you, Erin. Thank you. It is not often enough that we give honest thanks for what is done, yes? I want to say that. So you know what I do from now is thanks to you.”
He reached out and offered Erin a hand. His right hand. She shook it and beamed at him.
“Want more cake?”
Brunkr paused. He glanced around the room and lowered his voice.
“You have more?”
She grinned and nodded. Brunkr’s tail began to wag and he followed her into the kitchen. It was just some extras, but he ate them with delight. Erin watched, happy and content.
A good day.
 
—-
 
It seems this gathering has ended. Venitra, Ijvani, attend to my words.
 
The two undead had never been more relieved to hear their master’s words. They quickly bade farewell and left the inn. It was dark and close to midnight as the Gnolls and other partygoers finally began to leave. The two undead walked towards Liscor in the snow, listening to their master’s words.
 
Venitra, you have disappointed me. I ordered you not to harm Ryoka Griffin.
 
“Master, I only—”
 
Silence. You are failing me.
 
There could be no worse words. Venitra hung her head in silence. Ijvani waited, terrified she might hear the same.
 
And yet, it seems your failures have brought me an interesting conundrum and information about the rest of the world. For that alone, I will forgive you.
 
Both undead raised their heads hesitantly. They dared to hope. Az’kerash was silent, and then he spoke authoritatively, calmly.
 
Here are your instructions for now. Observe. Keep your true identities hidden. Do not harm Ryoka Griffin. That is an order, Venitra. And learn more about her relationship with the Antinium—as well as the Drakes. As for this inn, inquire about it and the magical door as well. I sensed it—it is an enchantment of peculiar power which does not belong in this place. Neither does that chessboard, but this Erin Solstice…ah. Inquire, that is all. I will contact you again tomorrow.
 
Both Venitra and Ijvani nodded. They felt Az’kerash’s presence in their minds, reassuring them, filling them, and then he was gone. In the bleak world that followed, both recalled their failures.
“He lost a game of chess. Twice.”
Venitra stopped in the snow. She turned to Ijvani and blurted out the thing both had been obsessing over for the entire night. Ijvani nodded.
“He beat the [Innkeeper] in the end, though.”
“But he lost. Our master. She—defeated him.”
“It was a game, Venitra.”
“Yes. And he lost it.”
Ijvani looked down at the ground. Venitra stared back towards the inn. She shook silently. Her master had lost a game. Her master.
Lost.
A.
Game.
And what had Ryoka Griffin said? He was not perfect? Something broke inside of Venitra. She stared at the Gnolls leaving the inn, laughing, talking. She stared at one as he left alone, bidding farewell to his aunt.
 
—-
 
