4.29
Page 0

“I think we’re done here.”
“Really? But I thought—”
“Is that my tower? It is not as tall as I requested, Pawn.”
“You wanted a tower that was structurally unfeasible, Bird.”
“Yes. So?”
“This is as high as we deemed it necessary. You can shoot birds in it, and Erin—”
“I see a third floor, and I also see my inn’s bigger on the side. Right. And I have two new outhouses.”
“Yes. Are you unhappy with any of the work?”
“No, not unhappy. It’s just…my only question is…why’d you put the tower on one end of the inn?”
Erin stared up at the watchtower from her position in the snow outside. It was wet and cold, but warmer than yesterday. The sun was out and she had an unparalleled view of her new inn. And she was grateful, she really was.
Her inn was now big. Bigger, that was. It had been big. Now it was grand. It had a ground floor a third again as large, two new rooms on the second floor and an entire new third floor! And a tower. And while she was very grateful to the Antinium for all their tireless hard work, she had to question the tower.
It looked like a proper watch tower, sure enough. It had an open roof with enough space for someone to pace about on top. It would allow a bird-obsessed hunter to both keep a lookout and hunt birds in his spare time. It even had gutters which were angled so that if it rained, the water wouldn’t run down the stairs into the rest of the inn.
It was great. And Erin was sure that height aside, Bird loved it. It was just that the watch tower wasn’t placed symmetrically in the center of the inn. Rather, it was on the ‘back’, against the far wall from the front door. It made the inn look lopsided. That was Erin’s impression, though.
Pawn and Bird regarded the watch tower and looked at each other. They clearly couldn’t see the problem.
“Is there an issue with the placement of the tower, Erin? I thought it was quite appropriate.”
Erin smiled at Pawn’s worried face. She hadn’t seen enough of him lately, and she didn’t want to distress him, especially since it wasn’t that big a deal. It was just that every symmetrical instinct Erin had was crying out against this travesty.
“No, I mean, if it works, it works, right? And you put it over Bird’s room. I get that. But I just assumed it would be in the center, for uh, visibility, you know?”
Pawn nodded thoughtfully.
“A worthy idea. However, I elected to place the tower on that side in case you wanted another tower built in the future.”
“Another tower?”
“Yes. Perhaps one that is enchanted to throw lightning or hurl spells like the walls of Drake cities. Or if you wished to construct a fourth floor. Or mount a ballista on top. I am not aware of the methods with which to construct one, but the Antinium have our own plans for catapults we could share.”
“A ballista.”
The Antinium Worker realized he’d lost Erin. He looked over at Bird. The other Antinium clutched his new bow to his chest and nodded a few times.
“I could kill many birds with one. That is a good idea, Pawn.”
Erin coughed a few times.
“Yeah. A good idea. Well…good work! I think that’s all my questions answered. Anyone—anyone want something to drink? It’s on me. That means it’s free, you two.”
Pawn and Bird exchanged a glance. Pawn looked back at Erin. Bird kept staring.
“We would be delighted to have a drink, Erin. But I am afraid I must return to my Hive soon. Hm. Perhaps you could sell me a keg? Sharing a drink with my unit is a good idea.”
“Sounds good!”
Erin beamed. Pawn glanced back at Bird. He was still staring at Pawn.
“Bird, have I done something to offend you?”
