4.29
Page 8
Prompted by some instinct, Erin got up and walked over to where Ryoka was sitting. The other young woman was sweaty and looked—disturbed. She caught Relc as he was passing.
“Hey, why is the other gem flashing white?”
Relc made a face.
“Eh. Truth gems. They’re enchanted by different mages. Some flash white when the answer’s true, others blue, green…it’s a pain in the tail. I once had a gem where it would flash red if you were telling the truth and brown if you were lying. Who does that?”
Ryoka didn’t reply. She sat back in her chair, staring at Regrika’s back. Erin frowned.
“Ryoka? Are you okay?”
The other girl started and looked at Erin. Ikriss was done being interviewed, and Klbkch was consulting his list. She shook her head.
“I—can’t stay here. I shouldn’t have come back. Stupid. I should have known—”
She got up abruptly. Erin caught at her arm.
“Ryoka. I want to talk. Can you speak with me upstairs?”
She felt like there was a hole in her chest, but the dread certainty in her gut was moving her. Someone killed Brunkr. She wanted Ryoka’s help, but the Asian girl shook her head.
“I really can’t. I’m sorry, Erin.”
“Ryoka, I need—”
“I said no!”
Ryoka snapped. Heads turned. Erin let go of Ryoka’s arms. She had never been angrier with her friend than at this moment.
“Fine. Go.”
She saw Ryoka turn guiltily to her, but she still left. Erin watched the door swing shut. Klbkch looked up from his notes.
“I believe that is everyone. It seems there is no indication that Brunkr’s death was a result, however indirectly, of the actions of anyone within this building.”
A gentle sigh ran through the room, and Mrsha howled again upstairs. Erin stared at Klbkch as he went to consult with Relc. From their postures, she knew they were wrapping things up. They’d already talked to friends of the other deceased adventurers and found nothing. It was an accident, or something else. Not murder.
She disagreed. She felt it. Erin wandered over to the table where Regrika and Ikriss were sitting. They’d both finished their plates. She tried to smile at them.
“Did you like your food?”
They both smiled at her. Regrika spoke softly, sympathy in her large brown eyes.
“I did. Thank you, Erin.”
Erin tried to smile again. It failed. She walked off. And the certainty in her heart grew.
 
—-
 
Ryoka stood in the snow outside the inn. She hadn’t run far. Just far enough away from the city and inn that no one could really see her. She waited. She knew what was coming.
There was no crunch of snow to alert her. No sound. Only Ivolethe’s cold hand on Ryoka’s cheek. She turned, and saw Ijvani standing behind her.
The skeleton’s bones were black. Her blue eyes danced with flame. She held a staff in her hand that looked like it had been carved from a huge length of bone. Its tip was set with a golden gem. Ryoka swung at her.
“Ah.”
Ijvani caught the blow. She let go and Ryoka’s leg struck an invisible barrier. Ryoka bent, grasping at her leg and made an incoherent sound.
“Fractured. Curious. You move quite adeptly for a Runner.”
A second voice issued from the skeleton’s mouth. It was not Ijvani’s hollow tones, but the quiet, deliberate words she had heard before. Az’kerash spoke as Ijvani lifted a finger and pointed, and Ryoka felt the sharp pain in her foot subside.
“You bastard. Go fuck yourself.”
She didn’t thank him as she stood. Ryoka glared at Ijvani. The skeleton shifted in silent outrage. She heard Az’kerash sigh.
“Just as well that I did not bring Venitra. You are careless, Ryoka Griffin. My servants are devoted.”
“They’re murderers!”
