4.29
Page 18
Regrika’s voice was very calm. She remained sitting at the table as the Gold-rank adventurers spread around the room and the two Drakes stopped in front of their table. She smiled at Zel Shivertail, and then looked at Erin.
“One question. How did you know I lied about Brunkr? I passed the truth detection spell the Antinium gave me.”
Erin looked at her and shook her head.
“Isn’t it obvious? It wasn’t about the truth crystal. Everyone was looking at that, but I could tell without it. You gave it all away here.”
She tapped her mouth. Regrika blinked.
“What?”
“It was your smile. You smiled like Mrsha does when she’s been naughty. Kids are bad liars. And so are you.”
Erin looked at Regrika. She reached for something lying on a table and came up with a knife and a frying pan. Halrac growled at her.
“Don’t be a fool! Get out of here!”
Erin didn’t move.
“I want to know who killed Brunkr.”
Ilvriss spat. His eyes were on Regrika and his grip was steady on his sword.
“I don’t care about the Gnoll. But justice is justice and I won’t have the law broken by a Named Adventurer. You, Gnoll! Tell me. Why have you been asking about Ryoka Griffin all day? What’s your connection with her?”
Zel shifted. He stared at Regrika and then Ilvriss. He was wary, his stance low.
“Who are you? What are you doing here?”
Silence. The two adventurers looked at each other. Regrika stared at Ikriss. Ikriss nodded. Losing her temper, Revi shouted as she raised a glowing talisman.
“Well? Answer us!”
Regrika exploded backwards in her chair. She rolled out of it and onto her feet as the table shot towards Moore and Seborn. The half-Giant was knocked off his feet by the impact and Seborn dove out of the way.
“Damn it! Attack!”
Ilvriss and Zel charged forwards at once, towards Regrika. Ulrien and Jelaqua leapt forwards at the same moment as the other adventurers leapt backwards. Halrac looked around and shouted.
“Watch out! The Drake—”
Zel turned. Ikriss had vanished in the moment when Regrika moved. Now he reappeared in front of Zel and Ilvriss. Halrac loosed a shot. Zel swiped.
The arrow struck Ikriss in the back of the neck. The claws tore open his face. But the Drake still moved. He placed a hand on Zel’s stomach and one of Ilvriss’ arms and spoke.
“[Lesser Teleport].”
They vanished in a pop of air. Jelaqua swore and she and Ulrien rushed at Regrika. The Gnoll had her massive sword and shield in one hand. She raised it and blocked Jelaqua’s first swing. Ulrien slashed at her from behind with his greatsword. The blow skated off her armored back as Regrika twisted to one side.
“Typhenous, cover us! Revi! Summons! Erin, get clear! Jelaqua—”
Regrika turned. Ulrien swore and attacked.
“[Devastating Slash]!”
His sword changed trajectory mid-cut. It swerved as Regrika lifted her shield to block and shot down, to her unguarded legs. Ulrien swung with all his might, and his blade bit into the Gnoll’s furred leg. And stopped.
The greatsword shuddered to a halt, buried two inches deep into the Gnoll’s leg. Ulrien stared at his blade as the force of his cut travelled back up into his hands. He tried to step back and wrench his sword free from the impact.
“Weak.”
A sword rose. Regrika brought it down. Ulrien raised his bare arm to protect himself. The sword connected with his arm and there was a flash of light. Something—an amulet exploded on Ulrien’s chest. He stumbled back, his arm still intact.
