4.29
Page 15
Do you mean…no. I see rumor has mixed with fact, Venitra. Try to differentiate the two. How peculiar, though. Erin Solstice and Ryoka Griffin. Both are odd in their own way. Very odd. Where is Ryoka Griffin now, Ijvani?
 
The skeleton mage immediately responded.
“In Celum, master. The other city. She is sitting in a tavern, drinking.”
 
Good. I have made my decision. Venitra, your careless actions have endangered the disguise that you have built up over the years. Your reputation as a Named Adventurer is at risk and I do not trust you to remain in Liscor without incident any longer.
 
Venitra hung her head. Ijvani gave her a grin only a skeleton could give in triumph. Both snapped to attention as Az’kerash continued.
 
However, Ryoka Griffin is an unstable variable I dislike having. She is not trustworthy I feel, even if restrained by spells. Thus, my order to you is simple. Bring me back her head.
 
The two undead looked up. Venitra slowly smiled.
“Just her head, master?”
 
That is all I require. It must be undamaged, Venitra. Completely. The rest of her body may be disposed of, but I require the head frozen or kept in stasis. Take action tonight, and make sure you are not observed. Do not kill anyone or reveal yourselves to anyone besides Ryoka. Make sure her remains are disposed of outside the city—I will teleport Oom to you and have him reveal himself as the murderer of both Ryoka and the Gnoll. Is all that understood?
 
“Yes master!”
“Yes master.”
 
Go, then. If there are any complications, contact me at once.
 
The connection broke. The two undead looked at each other. Venitra was smiling broadly. Ijvani nodded her head.
“The magical door is in the inn. Let us go to Celum. I will draw Ryoka Griffin out with a spell. Then you will have your chance, Venitra.”
“Good.”
“Leave part of her for me.”
“I will not promise that.”
Ijvani shook her head in annoyance. Venitra strode off through the snow, eagerly heading away from the city. The skeleton followed. They walked towards the Wandering Inn. Both of the undead were smiling.
 
—-
 
The door to Erin’s inn swung open and Regrika stepped through. She was surprised to be greeted by a shout.
“Hey, come in! Regrika? It’s great that you’re here!”
The Named Adventurer blinked as Erin bustled over. The [Innkeeper] had a mug in one hand and she smiled at Regrika and Ikriss.
“Greetings, Erin. You were looking for me?”
“Oh yeah! I wanted to show you something. I had Ishkr go into the city to look for you—guess he must have missed you!”
“No doubt.”
Regrika glanced around the inn. It was quiet and empty. There were too many memories of Brunkr here for most people to want to return, but there were some customers.
Halrac glanced up as Ikriss closed the door behind the two adventurers. He grunted. Regrika looked at him and the rest of his team, Griffon Hunt. They were sitting in a corner of the room, clearly deep into their cups. The tables around them were deserted. Some were overturned.
It looked as though there had been a fight.
“Sorry. People are a bit touchy right now.”
Erin lowered her voice as she ushered the two adventurers to a table. Regrika coughed.
“I am sorry Erin, but I am afraid we did not come here for a meal. We have business in Celum, actually.”
She indicated Erin’s magical door. Erin made a disappointed face.
“Come on, sit. Please? I made a new dish, all for you!”
Regrika and Ikriss exchanged a glance. The Drake coughed.
“As delightful as that sounds, Miss Solstice, we are rather busy. We’d like to enter Celum, unless you charge a transportation fee…?”
