4.29
Page 10
The skeleton turned away. Ryoka clenched her fists, longing to shout, to say…something. But what could she say? There was no insult horrible enough, no word to describe him. She looked at Ijvani’s back and thought she understood a bit of evil. It was in Az’kerash’s voice. It was his sheer, awful contempt for everything he saw.
Ijvani walked through the snow, putting the illusion spells back on her body. Az’kerash spoke one last time through her mouth.
“Watch her, Ijvani. Don’t let her out of your sight. And find out more about her. That is an order.”
She nodded.
“Yes, master.”
 
—-
 
Ryoka sat in the snow, burying her face in her hands. She was lost. She didn’t know what to do. And she couldn’t ask for help from anyone. Because she understood now.
He was listening to everything she said. She was being watched. And there was no escaping. If Ryoka said anything, did anything, if she even hinted, she was sure Az’kerash would notice. Or his servant, Ijvani would.
She was stuck. Ryoka spoke to the air. It was the only thing she could speak to, the only thing that wouldn’t draw attention to her.
“What should I do?”
She was just speaking to herself. That was what the spell saw. But Ryoka had one friend. One friend the Necromancer’s magic couldn’t see. And the Frost Faerie was no mere elemental. She hovered in front of Ryoka and her frozen eyes blazed.
 
“Fight.”
 
Ryoka stared at her. She felt a core of her resonate with Ivolethe’s words. There was no help for it, was there? She had to fight. If not…if not, her fate was in Az’kerash’s hands. And she could not trust him for anything like mercy.
“How could I defeat those two? I mean, it’s impossible. That bitch Venitra’s made of pure bone and she walked through an explosion unscathed. As for Ijvani—how could I hope to kill them myself?”
Ryoka lay back in the snow, pretending to stare up at the sky. Ivolethe floated overhead, looking grave.
 
“By yourself? Ye could not do a thing. You know this. But you are not alone.”
 
“If I asked the others? That’s suicide. They couldn’t help if I managed to get word to them. Could they?”
She could imagine Zel putting up a fight, but Erin? What about the Gold-rank adventurers? Ivolethe considered this.
 
“If it came to a battle, perhaps they might win. Perhaps not. The lord of death watches his servants. He would cheat, as surely as you breathe, Ryoka Griffin. The leader of armies could fight well I think, but there are too many who would die.”
 
“It would be a bloodbath.”
Ivolethe nodded.
 
“Just so. But perhaps there is another way.”
 
Ryoka stared at her. She was desperate.
“What can I do? Tell me, please.”
She stared at the sky as the Frost Faerie flew next to her. Ivolethe whispered in Ryoka’s ear.
 
“There is one who fears neither death nor magic. He who rules above all others. A tyrant of flame.”
 
Teriarch. Ryoka inhaled the word before it could come out. Yes! Why hadn’t she thought of that? In the next moment she was deflated. Yes, there was someone she could ask. But he was—Ryoka shook her head in despair.
“It’s half a day’s run from Celum. And dangerous. I’d never make it—”
She’d be caught the instant she tried to run. Ivolethe nodded, understanding what Ryoka was saying without her saying it.
 
“Yes. Yes, they would hunt ye. But if you ran—if you had a distraction, then perhaps.”
 
“How? No. I could run for it. But there’s a cost, though, right?”
Ivolethe smiled sadly. Her form glistened. Another bit of her melted away and dropped, frozen and cold, into the snow next to Ryoka.
 
