4.29
Page 5
“What? Do you expect me to grieve with you? I did not know this Brunkr. I mourn, but he was not my friend. Do you wish me to tell you it will be alright? I will not lie. And I will not dictate your fate. I will not. I cannot.”
 
Her words were like ice. Painful, piercing, but also clear and true. Ryoka’s shoulder slumped.
“I know. But I can’t—”
She hesitated, afraid to give voice to her feelings. Ryoka stood in the snow as it melted onto her boots and heard a shout.
“Hey! You! Yeah, you, Runner Girl! I remember you!”
She and Ivolethe turned. Running towards them through the snow was a green blur. Ryoka recognized Relc and raised a hand as he skidded to a stop, spraying snow towards her. He grinned at Ryoka, showing her two rows of pointed teeth.
“I just remembered! You’re that Runner, aren’t you? The one I nearly caught way back when! ”
Ryoka stared at him. Relc laughed.
“Don’t you remember? You were running down the north road and I was on patrol. I ran after you and I nearly had you, but then you got away! We should have a rematch! All those bastards at the barracks were saying I was slow! Me!”
It felt wrong for Relc to be here, laughing and upbeat. Ryoka could barely remember the incident he was describing. What was it? When she’d—yes, right after Pisces had healed her legs. She’d run back towards Celum and she remembered an angry Drake in armor chasing her.
“You were that [Guardsman]?”
“Sure was! I can’t believe it’s you! Small world, huh?”
Ryoka nodded. Then she stared at Relc.
“So what?”
He paused.
“Excuse me?”
Sorrow and helplessness became anger. Ryoka stared at Relc.
“Who cares how fast you are?”
The Drake looked insulted.
“I do. I want to race you again, to prove I’m faster. Not here—there are no witnesses. Back at Liscor. We’ll clear some snow or maybe run around the city. Then I’ll prove I’m the fastest!”
“Who cares? You lost! It doesn’t matter!”
Ryoka turned away, trying to resist the urge to punch Relc and get arrested or have her nose broken. The Drake danced around her, looking indignant.
“I didn’t lose! I mean, it wasn’t a fair race! I was in armor and I had my spear! Do you know how heavy chainmail is?”
“Not very. You can still run with it on.”
Relc opened his mouth and his tail twitched guiltily.
“Well, yeah. Right. But it’s still heavy if you’re trying to sprint in it! And I had too much to eat that day. You had a head start by the time I started chasing you—and uh, I had to get up to speed! If I’d have felt like it, I would have totally caught you in the next minute. But I’m a responsible guardsman so I had to get back to my patrol.”
“Right.”
“I’m telling the truth! Race me again and—”
“Oh shut up!”
Ryoka turned and shouted at Relc. He blinked. Ryoka raised her voice, too angry to care about the tears in her eyes.
“Don’t you have any decency for god’s sake? Someone just died, or haven’t you heard? I don’t want to race you, so piss off and leave me alone!”
She was breathing heavily. She turned and wiped at her face with a sleeve. When Relc spoke next, it was more quietly.
“I know. I didn’t know you knew the guy, though.”
“I didn’t. Not really. Not at all. But—”
She wanted to say it was her fault. And she knew she couldn’t. Relc shrugged his massive shoulders. He sounded genuinely contrite.
“Sorry about that. I uh, thought it wouldn’t bother you since you’re Human and he was—it sucks. I get that. But I wasn’t friends with the guy. And I’ve seen buddies die before. Too many. If I got bogged down every time it happened I wouldn’t be able to do my job.”
“What, you mean your job is coming out here and harassing me?”
