4.29
Page 12
Pisces caught Erin’s eye and broke off. He paused for a moment, sniffed, wrinkled his nose, and then spoke. Differently, this time.
“I am sorry. That’s all I wanted to say. I know I am not the person you would wish to turn to, but Ceria is about to leave for the city. Liscor, that is. I believe she and the others intend to drink and leave you in peace. However, I could ask her to stay, or find Miss Selys—”
“No. No, Pisces, that’s kind of you, but no.”
Erin shook her head. She relaxed a bit, and turned to Pisces. He looked uncharacteristically somber. But his words sounded as genuine as they had ever been. She was glad to hear it. Pisces stared at her kitchen.
“Are you cooking something?”
“Yeah. I’m thinking about it.”
He nodded.
“That may be a good way to, ah, relieve stress.”
“It’s not for that.”
“Oh? If it is tomorrow’s meal or tonight’s you are worried about, I am sure that closing your inn would not be—”
“It’s not that, Pisces. Thanks for asking. It’s…it’s actually about Regrika and Ikriss.”
Pisces’ gaze sharpened slightly.
“What do you mean by that?”
Erin heard a choked noise from above. She looked up and saw Pisces closing his eyes for a second. Erin ignored Lyonette’s voice as she spoke.
“She didn’t like my cooking.”
“Who?”
“Regrika. And that Ikriss guy. They say they like it, but they hated it. I can tell.”
Erin gestured to one of the plates lying on the counter. Pisces stared at the grilled cheese sandwich.
“Those are not typically Gnoll foods, I admit—”
“No. They didn’t like last night’s meals either. They ate a lot, but they didn’t like a thing. Not the steak, not the casserole—nothing. Not even the drinks.”
The [Necromancer] frowned and stroked at his chin as he eyed Erin.
“That is a curious certainty, Erin. How do you know?”
She looked at him. Pisces flinched and avoided meeting her eyes. Erin looked back at her empty kitchen counter.
“I’m an [Innkeeper].”
There was something burning in her mind, something hot behind her eyes. She hadn’t meant to turn it on Pisces. After a second he cleared his throat.
“So this attempt at cooking is…?”
“I wonder what they do like eating. That’s all.”
Erin stared at the counter. There was a feeling she had, like when she was about to solve a chess problem, or she felt like she had come up with a great move in a game of chess. It was as if she stood on the edge of certainty. She had that feeling now. There were pieces. Just pieces, but…
She looked at Pisces.
“Pisces. Is it possible to deceive a truth detection spell? Is it possible to lie when someone’s using one of those stones on you?”
He froze. Pisces stared at Erin, and she felt him searching her face. He hesitated, gnawed on one lip, raised a finger, and then lowered it. Then he nodded and leaned forwards to speak softly.
“Practically? No. I could not do it. Nor could Ceria, Typhenous…a Named Adventurer would probably lack the ability to do so. But in theory? Yes. The current Archmages of Wistram could most likely affect such a spell. And such stones are not…flawless. There are ways to deceive simpler versions of the spell, which is why more expensive and accurate versions of truth-telling artifacts exist.”
“Thanks. That helps.”
Pisces nodded, but didn’t pull back. He lowered his voice further.
“I do not wish to tell you what to do. However. Perhaps, Erin, it might be better to…grieve. And let whatever you are thinking of go.”
He was not prepared for the hand that grabbed the front of his robes. Pisces yelped and then stared at Erin. His face was inches away from hers. Erin stared at him.
“If you know anything, Pisces, tell me.”
