4.29
Page 14
But she knew she had to write it.
She stared at the blank piece of parchment for a long time. Then she dipped her quill in the ink and wrote. Just a few lines. There were no good words she could think of, but Ryoka had no time to come up with some. She was running out of time. So she wrote and it was done.
Next, Ryoka folded the parchment and tucked it into her belt pouch. Then she took her belt pouches off and put it in her room. She took the bag of holding off her belt and put it next to the pouches. She shifted her Runner’s pack to hide both items and stood up.
“That’s it. That’s all she wrote. I can go now.”
Slowly, she walked out of the room and down the stairs. Ryoka felt like she was in a trance. Everything seemed vast around her, and she felt as though she were looking down at herself. The door to Celum was right in front of her.
Ryoka stopped in front of it. She looked to one side. Ivolethe hovered there, a piece of infinity. Melting away. The Frost Faerie was smiling. Gently. It was the first time Ryoka had seen her look this way. She almost seemed…proud.
“I guess this is it, Ivolethe.”
 
“Yes.”
 
The faerie nodded once. Ryoka gulped.
“Do you think I’m a coward for being afraid?”
The tiny immortal shook her head.
 
“No. I would never scorn you for that.”
 
“Thank you. And tell them—tell Erin and Mrsha and Lyonette—tell them—”
Words failed her. Ryoka turned away. Ivolethe nodded.
 
“I will see your end.”
 
“Thank you.”
Ryoka opened the door. She took a breath. Then she stepped through.
And began to run.
 
—-
 
Dusk had ended. Night was upon the world when Az’kerash contacted his two servants.
 
Report.
 
Venitra stood in her disguise as Regrika Blackpaw, Ijvani as Ikriss, just outside the city limits. They stood next to the wall and spoke to the air.
 
“I have discovered that Ryoka Griffin is a known City Runner who has completed deliveries to the High Passes, and to Lady Magnolia Reinhart. Of note, she has recently travelled to Invrisil via magical carriage. It was sent by the Reinhart family.”
 
Indeed? That is intriguing. Reinhart knows of me, I am sure. But why would she concern herself with a City Runner? Venitra. What have you discovered?
 
Venitra’s words were quick and eager. She rushed to speak, afraid to disappoint her master any further.
“She is the caretaker for the Gnoll child, and she has links to the adventurers in the inn, master. Not the Gold-rank ones. The group with the half-Elf, the [Necromancer], the Antinium and the woman with damaged arms—they are known as the Horns of Hammerad.”
 
Ah, yes. I recall. The young [Necromancer]. What of the [Innkeeper]? Erin Solstice?
 
The two undead shifted and looked at each other. Venitra was the first to speak.
“She has a magical chessboard, master. And she is known as the best player of the game. She appeared months ago out of nowhere and began running the inn. The old one was destroyed. She obtained the magical door thanks to her connections with the Horns of Hammerad as well. She…she is rumored to be the one who defeated a powerful Flesh Worm known as Skinner. The Antinium are said to consider her a friend, and she can create magical dishes which act as temporary enchantments for those who consume them. It is said that she had a skeleton as a servant before, and she is capable of making wondrous music. She can apparently shoot blood from her crotch and—”
 
What was that?
 
“She can shoot blood from—it is what we heard, master.”
There was a long silence as both Venitra and Ijvani waited. Az’kerash’s mental voice sounded peculiar when he replied.
 
