4.29
Page 9
“I am well aware of their traits. As to the death of the Gnoll—that was Venitra’s error. She has suffered my ire for her actions.”
Ryoka waited. Ijvani stared at her.
“That’s it?”
Her voice was trembling. Ryoka strode towards the skeleton and met the invisible barrier in the snow. She strained against it, shouting at Az’kerash.
“That’s it? You kill someone and—that’s all you have to say?”
“Yes.”
There was no limit to the coldness in Az’kerash’s tone. Ijvani stared at Ryoka, her jaw moving as he replied softly.
“Do you expect me to apologize for his death? No. I am irate at my servant for revealing herself in this way and potentially compromising my disguise for her. That is all. I care not at all for the lives of your friends. I am here simply to warn you against foolish impulses.”
Ryoka ground her teeth together.
“You mean so that I don’t tell anyone else. Why shouldn’t I? If you’re going to kill my friends—”
The skeleton’s eyes flashed.
“I will kill them all if I am betrayed, girl. Do not mistake me. This is not a threat, but a promise.”
The fear that swept over Ryoka was sudden and chilling. She fell silent. Az’kerash went on.
“You have no power here. Know that Venitra will not take any more actions without my consent. If she does, she will prove herself to be a failure. That will stay her, you have my word.”
Did Ijvani shiver on hearing that? Ryoka stared at the skeleton, and then looked away.
“So I just have to wait while you decide my fate?”
“Yes.”
Contempt. No, not that. Indifference. That was all Az’kerash’s voice held. Ryoka wanted to punch at Ijvani, and knew how futile it would be. She felt worthless. Helpless.
A flash of blue shot by her face. The flames in Ijvani’s eyes brightened for a second—and then went out. The skeleton tumbled backwards, frost suddenly covering her entire body.
“What is happening? Ijvani?”
“I am under attack, master!”
Something blasted Ryoka off her feet. She tumbled down the slope of the hill she was standing on, and then felt another force lift her up. She struggled in the air and saw the black skeleton pointing at her. Lightning was crackling from her fingertips, across her entire body. Ryoka went limp.
“It was not Ryoka Griffin. Hold your spell.”
Az’kerash’s voice snapped as Ijvani’s head turned around, surveying the landscape. She paused as Ivolethe floated in front of her face. The faerie was raising one finger and glaring. Az’kerash’s voice paused, and then grew thoughtful.
“What is that, Ijvani? I cannot see it, but I know something is there from your reactions.”
“A…Winter Sprite, my lord. It seems to be protective of Ryoka Griffin.”
“A Winter Sprite? Are you sure, Ijvani?”
“Yes, master. I see it in front of me.”
“How intriguing. I have never heard of a Winter Sprite befriending anyone before. Is it hostile, Ijvani?”
“I cannot tell, master. It is a blur to me.”
“I cannot see it. Put Ryoka Griffin down. Gently. Avoid antagonizing it, Ijvani. These Winter Sprites are considerably powerful in terms of magic, but they do not use force unless threatened. They are a form of elemental. Intelligent in some senses, but harmless.”
The look on Ivolethe’s face made Ryoka want to laugh hysterically as she was lowered to the ground. The Frost Faerie hesitated, looking at Ryoka, and then floated over to her shoulder. She sat there, glaring, as Ijvani turned back to Ryoka.
“That is all I wished to speak with you about. Ijvani, return to the inn.”
“Yes, master.”
