4.29
Page 16
He got no further because someone called out behind him. The two adventurers turned and saw Jelaqua Ivirith, holding a mug and laughing over her plates with Seborn and Moore.
“Celum, huh? Sounds like fun! Those Humans know how to party. But have a drink with us, first!”
The Selphid drained her cup and grinned at the Named Adventurers. Regrika hesitated. Erin pulled out the chair.
“Just a taste? I promise you, you’ll love what I came up with! Here—sit over right here so you don’t have to deal with the two grumpy Drakes.”
“I heard that, you bumbling Human.”
Wall Lord Ilvriss sat up at his table. He glared at Erin. Zel sighed and put one claw on his shoulder. Regrika sat, clearly reluctant, and Ikriss joined him. Two mugs appeared on their table and Erin rushed into the kitchen. She came back out with two plates of what looked to the Gnoll like steak.
“Hmm. That is a steak, yes? I believe I had one two days ago, Miss Solstice.”
Erin beamed at her.
“Yes! But it’s not just any steak. This one’s seasoned specially. Try it, come on! Please?”
The Gnoll and Drake looked at each other. Ikriss coughed as he prodded his steak with a fork and knife. It looked rather hard. Regrika sighed.
“Miss Erin, I appreciate the hospitality. I truly do. But please, you need not force yourself. We understand the recent death of Brunkr has affected you all. It has hurt us too. He seemed like a fine [Warrior]. That is to say—[Knight]. My apologies. I would not like to intrude.”
Silence fell over the inn as the adventurers drank. Zel closed his eyes and Ilvriss scowled into his mug. Erin looked down at the ground.
“Yeah. That was—sorry.”
She wiped at her eyes. Regrika smiled sympathetically and reached a paw out to touch Erin’s hand. The [Innkeeper] moved back a bit and shook her head briskly.
“I don’t want to be down. And I don’t want to be pushy, but I just thought I’d be hospitable, you know? That’s what I do. I’m an [Innkeeper]. So this steak—”
She edged it close to Regrika. The Gnoll hesitated. Erin looked at her pleadingly.
“Just let me know how it tastes. I worked really hard on it.”
There was no way around it. Regrika sighed and cut into the steak. It took a bit of work to slice a section away, and it crunched as she popped it into her mouth. The Gnoll chewed obligingly. And then her eyes widened. Across the table, Ikriss was making the same expression.
“Good?”
Erin looked intently at their faces. Regrika’s response was to cut off another bit of steak and chew it. She gulped and looked at Erin, deeply surprised.
“It’s…excellent. Very tasty. How did you…?”
Beneath the table, Ikriss kicked her. Regrika coughed.
“You’ve outdone yourself again, Miss Solstice. I am quite happy with this dish. Did you…spice it differently, somehow?”
“Something like that. Go ahead! I’m glad you enjoy it!”
The young woman beamed as both adventures began to scarf down the steaks. When they were done, there were only crumbs. Regrika leaned back and eyed her plate. Then she looked at Ikriss. The Drake was raising both his eyebrows at Regrika.
“A truly fine meal. The best I’ve had in…forever, I believe. Erin, I would love to know how you made it.”
“Really?”
Erin looked over the moon. Regrika nodded.
“I would pay much for the recipe. And I will certainly come back tonight.”
Ikriss curled his tail up in delight.
“Yes. Tonight as for as long as we are staying. What is it made of? I haven’t tasted…taste…”
Both adventurers leaned over the table towards Erin. She hesitated.
“Well, it’s a bit of a secret. But I guess I could tell you.”
“Yes, please do.”
“You really want to hear?”
