4.30
Page 7
The Gnoll stared at him. Then she began to walk towards him. Bird loosed the arrow. It snapped as it struck her between the eyes. The Antinium paused.
“Ah. I saw that happen earlier too. I woke up and watched the battle, by the way.”
“You cannot harm me.”
Regrika’s voice was arrogance, her stride lazy as she crossed the inn towards the Antinium. Bird nodded.
“I noticed. This is my tactical analysis of what I should do in a situation like this.”
His other two hands rose. They were holding something. A bucket. Bird hurled it at Regrika. She didn’t block it. The dark liquid splashed over her and Regrika stopped. Erin froze. She couldn’t see well in the darkness, but she could smell it. Bird turned.
“That was feces from the outhouse. I gathered it. It is an antagonistic action meant to irritate. I am bait. The poo is not from birds, by the way.”
He ran out the door. Regrika was staring at the excrement covering her body. She brushed off a clump, and then she went insane.
“You have disgraced my image! You! I will kill you!”
She rushed out the door. Erin turned to Revi. The Stitch-Girl shouted at her.
“Hurry! I can’t reach my back!”
This time Erin plunged the needle into the cloth as fast as she could. When the last clumsy stitch was in place, the cloth lower half became real. Revi gasped, sat up.
“We have to run. Where’s the back door?”
“I don’t have one!”
“The hole, then. Corusdeer!”
She raised the bit of horn in her hands and a spectral deer cantered into focus. Revi leapt onto its back and extended a hand.
“Come on! We’re dead if she comes back!”
“I can’t. I can’t run away from her! She killed—”
Erin choked on the words. She killed Brunkr. And Ulrien. Revi slapped her.
“You can’t save anyone if you’re dead! Come on!”
“She won’t hurt me. I don’t think she can. I don’t know why.”
Erin replied numbly. It wasn’t just her instincts that were telling her this. Regrika had ignored her several times. Erin didn’t know why, but she felt certain that she was safe. She, and she alone.
Revi opened her mouth, and then paused. There was crunching outside, the same footfalls. She paled and the summoned Corusdeer swung around. Revi shot through the hole Moore had made. Erin turned.
Regrika walked back through the doorway. She stank. Her eyes were blazing, but there was no broken chitin on her blade or the Antinium’s green blood. Erin stared at Regrika. The Gnoll paused as she stepped through the broken inn. She looked around for Revi and then at Erin.
“I will remember you. And I will come back. I will slaughter all those who were here. The mages, the Selphid, the [Scout] and the Antinium. They will all suffer.”
“Who are you?”
Erin spoke quietly. She looked Regrika in the eye. The Gnoll laughed.
“I was sent here by my master for one reason. To kill Ryoka Griffin.”
She turned to the door leading to Celum. Erin felt her heart stop. She blocked Regrika’s way. The Gnoll shoved Erin aside.
“Stop! No! You can’t!”
Erin battered at her, but again, it was useless. She tried to pull Regrika back with her good hand. It was impossible. She grabbed onto the Gnoll’s leg, tried to pull her back using a table as an anchor. The table jerked across the ground and Erin felt her arm being pulled out of its socket. Regrika didn’t slow. She opened the door and looked down at Erin as the girl clung to her with all her strength.
“I do not see why he values you. You are pathetic. And you cannot stop me. No one can.”
She bent and contemptuously prised Erin’s hand from her leg without effort. Then she stepped through the door to Celum. It swung shut behind her.
