4.30
Page 13
Venitra’s fingers tightened on Ryoka’s head as the young woman lashed at her chest, punching, kicking. Venitra felt nothing but satisfaction as she tightened her grip. Then she remembered her master’s injunction and stopped before she fractured Ryoka’s skull.
But her arms. Venitra could start with them. She seized Ryoka’s arm and grabbed one of her fingers. She bent the pinkie finger of Ryoka’s right hand back, back, and then tore it off. The girl screamed. It was the sound Venitra had waited for all this time.
 
Venitra, what are you doing?
 
She flinched as Ryoka convulsed in her grip. Venitra’s voice was sulky, reticent.
“Master, I was only—”
 
I told you to find Ryoka Griffin, not waste time! You have disobeyed me once. Why are you wasting time with nothing when—
 
“Master? I have Ryoka Griffin!”
What was going on? Venitra stared at Ryoka. The girl was sobbing in her arms, blood running from her detached finger. Az’kerash’s voice paused in her mind.
 
What?
 
“I have Ryoka Griffin. In my hands.”
Venitra repeated herself slowly, disbelievingly. Was something wrong with her master’s spell? Inconceivable. And yet, he did not see Ryoka Griffin through her eyes. Either he was wrong or the spell was wrong. Either way, it was impossible.
 
Venitra. What are you looking at?
 
Az’kerash’s mental tone was slow, quiet. Venitra hesitated.
“Ryoka Griffin, master.”
 
No. You are not. There is nothing there.
 
The world paused. Venitra turned and stared at Ryoka Griffin’s face. She saw tears in the girl’s eyes, an anguished face—and then a smile. Ryoka straightened. She looked Venitra in the eye and laughed as her hand bled and Venitra held her pinkie. Then she spoke.
 
“What? Did ye think she’d really sit here and wait for death? More the fool ye art, then.”
 
The girl blurred in front of Venitra. Her finger and body vanished. Something blue and indistinct hovered in front of Venitra’s face. She stared at it.
And her master lost his temper.
 
—-
 
“Where is she? Find her!”
Az’kerash’s voice was never raised. His wrath was cold and deliberate, never a product of emotion. That made this moment and his raised voice all the more terrible now. He paced back and forth in his castle, staring at the image of Celum as Venitra ran through it. His servants cowered. Ijvani, her skull fractured and her black metal bones torn and broken in many places, flinched as she bent over an orb.
They were scrying for Ryoka Griffin. The spell that she had cast had been—altered—somehow. It pointed to the Winter Sprite. But Ryoka Griffin was elsewhere. They had to find her.
“There.”
It wasn’t Ijvani who spoke, but the other spellcaster among Az’kerash’s chosen. Bea. The rotting woman turned to their master, an image of Ryoka Griffin in her hands. She was running through the snow, the world racing around her.
Az’kerash, the Necromancer, reacted at once. He closed his eyes and put one delicate finger to his brow. When he spoke, it was to Venitra, hundreds of miles away from their location.
“Venitra, your quarry is southeast of Celum. She is heading towards…”
He paused.
“Towards the High Passes? No. That cannot be—catch her, Venitra! Use the [Haste] spell, now!”
Ijvani did not hear the reply, but in the image of Venitra that was being projected to her in her orb, she saw Regrika Blackpaw suddenly blur and race out of the city. She closed the connection and flinched as her master turned towards her.
“Master, I am sorry. I failed—”
