4.31
Page 12
“We thought he was dead, you know. I killed him myself in the last Antinium War. Or so I thought.”
“I know. I read about it.”
“And you just happened to know because…?”
“Can’t say. I can tell you some things, but I’m in a similar situation with the person who got Az’kerash to back off.”
“Are you being threatened?”
“No. This is about honor. Respect. I can’t tell you who’s protecting me, but there is someone.”
“It must be someone…truly powerful.”
The Drake studied Ryoka. She nodded, her face blank.
“Pretty powerful.”
“But I can’t imagine Az’kerash would want anyone to know his secrets. Anyone living. That was why he sent those two after you, wasn’t it? If you really had your…benefactor negotiate a truce where you lived, aren’t you in danger by revealing his secret?”
Ryoka considered this and shrugged. She felt empty. Hollow. If Venitra appeared and tried to kill her right now—Ryoka would run. She wouldn’t give the undead the satisfaction of killing her. But she wouldn’t hide or cower any longer, either.
“Yeah, well, I’ve got a higher power on my side now. And as for keeping his secrets—as far as I’m concerned, he stepped over the line when his servants started playing ‘this little piggy’ with my fingers. They killed Brunkr. If I can help you take him down, I will.”
“But Az’kerash thinks you’ll keep his secret?”
“I guess so. He might be that stupid. I think he tried to get my…protector to cast a spell on me. But it never happened. So here I am. Talking about him. Just like that.”
Zel began to smile slowly. He gripped the table firmly, and his shaking stopped.
“You mean the Necromancer doesn’t know that you’re allowed to talk about him?”
Ryoka studied him. The [General] had left claw marks on the table where he’d gripped it to steady himself. Now he looked like a hunter, someone who was plotting. His feverish energy had turned into something quieter. There was fury in his eyes, but calm, like fire on an ocean, waiting to reach the shore. A hunter slowly setting a trap for an enemy. She nodded.
“He’s not an idiot. And his servants might have powerful illusions, but they’re not subtle. He might suspect that someone’s put everything together.”
“But he still thinks his location is secret. Thanks to the deal you and this…higher power struck with him. A deal which you aren’t honoring and which isn’t being enforced.”
The [General]’s eyes glinted. He looked around the room, thinking.
“I wouldn’t doubt that he’ll send assassins after me and Ilvriss. We both get them as a matter of course anyways, but I can look into an escort. Ilvriss…might be tricky. But of all the things you could have said, the Necromancer might be best. He’s not an idiot.”
“Could have fooled me.”
To her mild surprise, Zel gave Ryoka a reproving look.
“Ilvriss is many things. Hotheaded, arrogant—but not a fool. He cares for his people, if only them. And I think he might be willing to actually join forces with me on this. Me, and anyone else.”
He leaned over the table, intent on Ryoka.
“Who else knows about him? Your protector—”
“Can’t talk about him.”
“Yes. But could we count on him for help?”
Ryoka thought about this.
“No. No. I didn’t at first. It was desperation that made me go to him. Maybe he’d help, maybe not, but I think that if he really was trying to kill the Necromancer, he would have tried it already. Or told a lot of people.”
“True.”
Zel sighed.
“Who else, then? Is there anyone who might know about the Necromancer? Anyone I could talk to without spreading the secret and alerting the bastard?”
“Magnolia Reinhart.”
