4.31
Page 14
Ryoka looked away. She gripped her arms tightly.
“Maybe you’re right. But it’s still my fault. Do you understand that?”
“Of course.”
 
—-
 
There were others to tell, and some of the meetings were painful. Others simply sad. Lyonette slapped Ryoka, and then fell into her arms, weeping. Mrsha bit Ryoka gently, crying, and then licked her and hugged her.
The Horns of Hammerad listened to Ryoka’s explanation of her guilt, not understanding, silent. Pisces’ eyes were shadowed. Ceria shook her head. Yvlon looked at Ryoka with something like understanding in her eyes. She understood Ryoka’s pain. Ksmvr just looked at Ryoka, uncomprehending.
The sun rose overhead. It was midday, and warm. The snow was melting outside, although it was still so deep that the water just froze into ice and created a crust on top of snow that was six or seven feet deep in some places, deeper in others. Much deeper.
Ryoka was packing. She took her belt pouch, her bag of holding, her backpack, and nothing else. There was nothing else to take. She walked towards the door to her inn and looked around for Erin.
The [Innkeeper] wasn’t there. But someone else sat at a table, staring around in mild bewilderment. Teriarch in his Human form stood up when Ryoka approached. She stared at him.
“I thought today might be more appropriate to speak. Shall we walk?”
They left the inn, walking atop the melting snow as if it were as solid as rock. Teriarch strode along, a vision of perfection, as Ryoka looked at him.
“Why are you here?”
“To apologize once more. I—perhaps only that. I do not know.”
The Dragon’s lined face was shadowed as he stared around Liscor and the quiet landscape. Ryoka looked at him.
“Just for that?”
“You were right. I owe you a debt. I asked you to send a letter to the Necromancer and did not think of the cost. For that I erred. And I am sorry. I would…ask your forgiveness.”
“Ask the dead for forgiveness, then.”
Ryoka turned away. Teriarch paused.
“If I could.”
There was genuine emotion in his eyes. Rather than look at it, Ryoka turned away. She stood on the snow, jumped up and down, to see if it would break under her enchanted weight. It didn’t.
In the silence, Teriarch looked around.
“It’s so bright. So full of life. I had forgotten what it was like.”
He whispered quietly. Ryoka glanced about and saw only a few birds flying through the sky, the snow, distant shapes on the city walls. She shook her head. After a while, Teriarch spoke again.
“I wished to tell you something else. I do not believe she is dead.”
Ryoka turned.
“Who? Ivolethe?”
“Yes.”
The Dragon nodded gravely. Ryoka felt her heart quicken. It was just ice that had broken. Ivolethe was more than just an animated bit of ice and frost.
“You mean that was only her physical form? She might come back? She—”
He shook his head and she fell silent.
“Her mental form was destroyed. But I do not believe her soul, her spirit was. Yes, I believe she is alive. Her King is not that cruel. And he does not have many subjects left, or so I understand.”
“Her King? You mean…the King of the Faeries.”
She couldn’t imagine someone like that. A faerie king? But Teriarch nodded.
“Yes. He has many names. I have never met him, nor anyone who has. But for as long as Frost Faeries have come here, there are rumors. He has many names. The Lord of the Glades. The Walker of the Forests. The Eldest. The fae have their King and they obey his laws.”
“Ivolethe didn’t.”
Ryoka choked on the words. Teriarch nodded again.
