4.31
Page 5
“You brought me back to life.”
“It was not hard. A death spell destroys very little. And I am a master of magic.”
Again, the Dragon smiled, but this time it was sadly. He bent his head as he flew to look at her.
“The Necromancer. He came after you because you knew where he resides, didn’t he? I did not expect that. I…apologize.”
Ryoka stared at him. She tried to find the helpless rage, the despair and contempt she’d felt for his indifference. But she couldn’t. She had died. Ivolethe had died. There was only the truth, empty and painful. Truth, and beauty. She stared into the eyes of a Dragon and nodded.
“Yeah. He did. He killed a good person. And Ivolethe died to stop him.”
Teriarch nodded. He looked past her, down at a mountain below. Then he swerved to move out of the way of a peak that rose in the sky, higher than he was flying. Ryoka stared at it as she flew past. The slopes were covered in ice. It was a world unto itself up here and she could swear she saw something moving across the ice and rocks. Then it was gone, lost behind a cloud. Teriarch’s voice was quiet.
“He will not come after you again. I have spoken with the Necromancer and we have reached an accord. You are under my protection.”
“Why? I thought you didn’t care about mortals.”
“Then why did you come to me?”
“Because I hoped you would. Because it wasn’t fair. Because I didn’t know what else to do.”
Silence. The Dragon nodded once. Ryoka looked at him.
“I shouldn’t tell anyone about Az’kerash or his servants, right?”
“That is what he wishes. And perhaps it would be wise. But I will not force you. Not now.”
She looked at him. He looked at her. Ryoka tried to wiggle an arm. Teriarch’s claw opened a fraction so she could scratch at a cheek. She didn’t feel fear, though his grip was loosened on her thousands of miles in the air. She felt safe with him.
“Are you going…to put a spell on me?”
There was a pause. Teriarch’s head glanced down at Ryoka.
“Another geas spell? No. There is little point it seems. And you—you have paid for the knowledge you possess. Paid far too much for it.”
“Thanks.”
He said nothing. Ryoka stared down. She thought she could actually recognize where they were now. A narrow pass led south, in a gap between the mountain ranges. She and Teriarch flew over a city, tiny below them, and entered a valley where the mountains formed a natural basin.
It was a beautiful, still sight, as flecks of snow whirled around them. The snow covered the area, making it shine. Winter. This high up you couldn’t see how it had melted or turned to mud where the snow was thin. But winter was ending. It had ended.
Ivolethe was gone. Struck by that sudden realization, Ryoka fought back tears. Then gave in. Her voice croaked.
“Teriarch?”
“Yes?”
She took a breath.
“Why did he—I mean, I know. But why did—why did she—why…?”
She tried to ask the question she had no words for. Teriarch listened as she choked on her words and fell silent. He did not respond.
The Dragon flew lower now, gliding down through the clouds. He whispered a word and Ryoka saw his body vanish. She looked down and realized she’d vanished as well.
They landed in the snow within sight of Liscor’s walls. On the east side, so Ryoka couldn’t see Erin’s inn. Teriarch let go of Ryoka, placing her gently on the ground.
She stumbled, fell to her knees, jolted awake by the cold snow. Ryoka looked at her hands and realized she was visible again. Teriarch was still a ghost, but his voice was clear in the night’s silence.
“I am sorry. I did not mean for this to happen.”
