4.31
Page 3
A cold blasted through the room, lowering the temperature and creating boiling steam. Still the flames did not go out. But then the air in the room vanished and the flames disappeared too. Ijvani stopped flailing and saw her master, standing motionless, ash covering his body.
He was burned. And as he turned, a roaring face appeared in the air in front of him. A Dragon. His projection had engulfed the room in fire. His words were thunder.
“Az’kerash, you worm! You dare? You dare send your minions to trespass in my home?”
“Ijvani. Bea. Oom. Kerash. Leave.”
Az’kerash spoke through gritted teeth. His servants picked themselves up. They stared at the Dragon and fled. The air was gone in the room, save for a pocket around Az’kerash, a glowing sphere where the heat could not touch. But despite the vacuum of air, the heat from Teriarch’s wrath was beginning to melt the stone within.
“Calm yourself, Teriarch! I did not order Venitra to attack you. Nor did I intend to interfere with you in any way. She was pursuing a girl—”
“Ryoka Griffin. You tried to kill her! A Runner! A messenger! Have you no shame, coward?”
The Necromancer held up a hand, black eyes narrowed. His white pupils locked with Teriarch’s.
“I was safeguarding my interests. She knew my location thanks to you, Teriarch. If she spoke of it—”
“I do not want to hear your excuses, brat!”
This time fire burst into the air around Az’kerash. He shielded his face as the flames danced around him. These were no ordinary flames. They were a Dragon’s fire, and they flew around him in the void, trails of white-hot fire that burned on pure magic, not oxygen. He muttered a word and a layer of bone grew out of the floor, shielding himself from the flames which began burning their way through the thick ivory.
“Enough! I will not apologize for my actions! I will safeguard my secrets at any cost! That girl was a tool. Why do you care whether she lives or dies?”
Teriarch’s eyes narrowed. He inhaled, and Az’kerash raised his arms.
“[Wall of the Damned]!”
This time the raging Dragon’s fire blasted through the projection between the two. It blasted around the twisted wall of glowing bodies that had appeared to protect Az’kerash and into the corridor beyond. The undead warriors standing in the hallway burned. Ijvani and the other servants had a chance to scream before the inferno flashed down the corridor and blasted across an entire wing of the castle.
When the smoke cleared, Az’kerash lowered the shield between him and Teriarch. He stared at the Dragon. Teriarch was panting, wheezing. He slowly lowered himself back onto the ground, curling his wings up tiredly. He and the Necromancer stared at each other.
“She is under my protection now. Understand? Kill or threaten her, and I will personally exact a reckoning upon you and your toys!”
“Understood.”
Az’kerash coughed, exhaling a plume of black ash as he spoke. He wiped it from his lips grimly before speaking.
“I will leave her and her associates alone. Allow me to collect my servant, Venitra.”
“You may send someone to bring back what is left of her.”
Teriarch’s tail lashed the ground. He narrowed his eyes at the man standing in his destroyed room.
“I will not warn you again, Necromancer. I will not be crossed.”
“I was not aware that a single City Runner merited your protection. Or do you care for Humans now, when you’ve abandoned your descendants, the Drakes?”
Az’kerash responded icily. Teriarch hesitated.
“I care not for mortal lives. But Ryoka Griffin. She is—deserving of respect. She delivered a gift for you. Has she done anything to warrant death?”
