4.31
Page 9
That night Erin let Ishkr and Drassi serve the food, what she’d stockpiled. Wind blew against the hastily-repaired hole in the wall, and there weren’t enough tables or chairs, but her guests didn’t care. They sat on the ground or stood with plates and mugs in hand, somber, quiet.
She and Lyonette couldn’t do it. Drinks were free, as was food, and the people in her inn ate and talked quietly. They drank to remember, and then drank to forget.
That night, Erin let Mrsha have something to drink, and put a drop of faerie flower nectar in her drink. The Gnoll fell asleep in Lyonette’s arms, and then Lyonette fell asleep after Erin gave her a similar mug. Erin offered it to Halrac when he came in, but he shook his head and sat with his teammates, alone and silent.
Ryoka came in and sat in a corner, staring at the fire. Zel and Ilvriss never came in, and neither did Krshia or the Gnolls. They were elsewhere. In the silence, Erin watched as the bodies filling her inn slowly left through one of her two doors. In the end, it was just Ryoka and her.
Neither girl spoke. Erin walked over to the kitchen and lay down on the ground. She closed her eyes, too hurt to cry, in too much pain to sleep. Or so she thought. But sleep did come, black and quiet as oblivion.
 
[Magical Innkeeper Level 32!]
[Skill – Inn: Reinforced Structure obtained!]
 
It was too much. Erin woke up and cried. Then she fell asleep again. The next day she went to Ryoka with the letter she’d found in her room.
 
—-
 
It was a bad dream. A nightmare, only when you woke up the next day, you realized that it was reality. And somehow, you kept going.
And paid your debts. The first was Erin. Ryoka sat in the inn. No one was around. It was silent. Just after dawn. The sky was clear and blue and it was warmer, but no one had come downstairs or upstairs.
Ryoka sat at a table. She hadn’t slept. She had woken up from the dream after meeting Teriarch. Now she just felt empty. Like she wasn’t here. She didn’t want to be here.
But Erin sat across from her. The other girl pushed a folded piece of parchment towards her.
“Why did you write it was all your fault?”
“It was. It is. Regrika and Ikriss came for me. Everyone they killed, Brunkr, Ulrien—Ivolethe. It was all to get at me.”
“Why?”
“It was one of my deliveries. I—saw something I shouldn’t have.”
“Just that? All of that—because you saw something?”
“Yes.”
“And why didn’t you tell me? What about Zel? Klbkch? Why didn’t you tell anyone?”
“They told me they’d kill you and everyone else if I tried.”
“They killed Brunkr anyways.”
“Yeah. That’s why I went for help.”
“From who?”
“I can’t say.”
“Teriarch.”
“I can’t say.”
“Can he really protect you?”
“I think so.”
“You think so?”
“I can’t tell for sure. I’m mostly sure, but—I can’t. And I can’t tell you or Halrac who ordered Regrika to come here, Erin. It’s too dangerous.”
“For a Gold-rank adventurer?”
“Yes.”
“Then what are you going to do?”
“I’m going to Krshia. And then…I’ll talk to Zel.”
“Do that. And then…Ryoka?”
“Yeah?”
“Don’t come back. Leave. I don’t want you here. Not for a while. Not for a day, at least. Maybe more.”
“Okay.”
Ryoka got up slowly and walked out the door, conscious of Erin’s eyes on her back.
 
—-
 
“We’re leaving.”
That was all Halrac said in the morning, when he finally came down. He stood in front of Erin with the others. Typhenous, Revi, they were all packed. Well, packed…they had a bag of holding. Erin stared up at Halrac. His face was blank. But there was pain behind his eyes.
“You’re leaving?”
