4.31
Page 11
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t think she’d do it. I would have risked it earlier.”
The Gnoll nodded jerkily.
“And risked death for many. For me and my nephew as well. I see. It is not—there was no good choice. I understand that.”
“If you want to do anything to me. Hit me, tell me never to come back—”
“I do. But I will not. You are a friend to Gnolls, Ryoka.”
“Still?”
The young woman was surprised and guilty. Krshia nodded, head bowed.
“What you gave us is worth more than a single life. Worth more than the lives of many Gnolls, perhaps. It is a gift, and I know the value of it. But.”
She looked up. There were tears in her brown eyes.
“But Brunkr was my nephew, no? I helped raise him, I fed him, and spanked him, and watched him grow. I knew him. We are friends, Ryoka Griffin. That does not change. But I do not wish to see you for a while. May I ask that?”
“Of course.”
Ryoka got up. She hesitated as she walked over to the door. Krshia was looking around the room, sniffing, catching one last smell of Brunkr.
“I’ll try to avenge him. I’ll tell Zel Shivertail.”
“Do. But it will not bring him back.”
That was true. So Ryoka left. There was still howling in the city. And the message would spread to every city on the continent, every city where Gnolls lived. Traitor. Regrika Blackpaw was a traitor.
Gnolls killed other Gnolls. That was normal. They were like Humans in that respect. But they did not kill people like that. They did not kill Gnolls they’d shared a drink with on the same night, after going to their party. They did not kill unless there was a war, or a true quarrel, or in truly dire situations. In short, they did not murder each other. To do that was to abandon the ties that made them all Gnolls.
In that respect, they were unlike Humans.
 
—-
 
The third person she talked to was Zel Shivertail. On her insistence, she talked with him in a private room of the Tailless Thief, warded against any eavesdropping. Zel personally assured her that Ilvriss wouldn’t try to listen in, although that had taken a lot of arguing. She’d ended it herself.
“I won’t allow it! I demand to know what’s happening! Good Drakes are dead because of this! Children, families were burned by that traitor, Ikriss! If you won’t tell me I will cut it out of you now, Human! Who sent Regrika Blackpaw? Why did they want you? Why—”
Zel was holding Ilvriss back with all of his strength. Ryoka stared at the Drake as he screamed in the [General]’s grip. All of his attendants and Peslas, the [Innkeeper], were hiding. So Ryoka leaned forwards and whispered in his earhole.
“The Necromancer killed Periss. He sent Regrika and Ikriss to kill me. And he’ll send them to kill you if he knows you know. They’re undead.”
The Drake froze. He stared at Ryoka and went limp. He collapsed onto the ground and Zel walked away with Ryoka. He’d heard. Of course he’d heard. He was shaking.
But he was no idiot. He’d already figured it out.
“Bones and blood. Mana potions. That’s what Erin fed the two of them. And I could have sworn I saw something else when I was fighting Ikriss. An illusion. Halrac said the same thing about Regrika. I wouldn’t have come to the conclusion it was the Necromancer, but I knew they weren’t what they looked like.”
Ryoka nodded. Zel stared at her. His claws were quivering although he pressed them against the table. He was shaking.
“So. You’re sure?”
She nodded again.
“It’s Az’kerash. Those two were his servants. He has a lot more, and a castle hidden in the forest.”
The [General] inspected one claw, clearly trying to keep calm.
