4.31
Page 15
“He makes laws and his subjects play with them. That is natural. But to break them—she was punished. But not killed, I think. Just banished from this world.”
“For how long? A year? A month?”
Hope, and disappointment. Ryoka saw the answer before Teriarch spoke it.
“Forever? No, again, perhaps not. But a thousand years, ten thousand…it would not be a short amount of time. The fae do not think of time as we do. And their King would punish Ivolethe for her sins.”
“For so long?”
Ryoka felt tears in her eyes. Teriarch nodded.
“The punishment for those who grow too attached to the world is never to see what it will become. I do not know if it helps or not.”
“It does. A bit. Thank you.”
Ryoka wiped at her eyes. Teriarch nodded.
“As for the rest, I sensed no undead of Az’kerash’s make anywhere about the city. I believe you are safe, and that he will honor his word.”
“So it’s over? Just like that?”
A hint of anger began to stir in Ryoka’s chest. She turned towards Teriarch angrily.
“What did everyone die for, then? What was the purpose of them sacrificing themselves? Were they all just—just accidents? Ivolethe, Brunkr, Ulrien—”
People had died when Venitra unleashed her [Mists of Madness] spell in Celum. The Horns of Hammerad had helped knock out people, but there were still tales of tragedy, people murdering each other in the madness of the spell. Ikriss had destroyed buildings, set fire to them with people inside. Teriarch shook his head.
“I cannot say. They died fighting. Some died by accident. And there will be no resolution, no retribution for the crimes committed here. I would have crushed the undead mockery that intruded in my domain, but if I had, Az’kerash might not have left you or your friends alive.”
“So you’ll let him get away with it? Just like that?”
Ryoka turned to Teriarch, raising her voice. He looked at her, his two mismatched eyes sad and tired.
“What would you have me do? Retaliate? Destroy his castle, destroy one of his servants? Cremate an undead servant of his for every life taken? I do not know if I could, and if I did, it would surely mean war between the two of us.”
“And you don’t know if you can win, is that it?”
This time, the Dragon stared at Ryoka and she felt dwarfed by his presence. His voice was calm, deep, and old.
“Yes.”
She looked at him. He looked away.
“He is a gifted necromancer. And he has many spells and artifacts. More than that…he was not always an enemy of the living. You do not know his past. I do. I knew his triumph, his fall, his betrayal and wrath. I witnessed it all over the centuries. Who am I to judge him?”
“A Dragon. You’re a Dragon.”
“Yes. Does that confer any gift of reason to me? I think not. Once, my kind ruled Drakes like slaves and fought bitter wars with every nation on the globe. Were we right to do so then? I wonder. Az’kerash and I are not enemies. Nor are we friends. He does not interfere with me or those under my protection. And I…do the same.”
Ryoka turned away, disgusted. Teriarch looked at her. Then his head rose. He turned. And Ryoka heard something on the edge of hearing. She raised her head.
“No. Not now.”
It was a reverberation, a thump, an impact. A drum. It carried across the plains, reverberating. A single sound, which made the birds in the sky scatter, and the people on the walls of Liscor look up. And then it came again.
Doom.
It was a drumbeat. And then another. A steady booming rhythm began to sound. Ryoka turned to the walls of Liscor and heard the people there start to blow horns in alarm. And the drumbeats rolled on.
Doom. Doom.
