4.31
Page 13
Ryoka answered immediately. She didn’t know for certain, but she was all but certain. Zel straightened.
“Reinhart? Really?”
“Surprised? Isn’t she one of the most powerful people in the…world?”
“She is. And one of the most powerful on the continent. Which is why Ilvriss won’t be happy about that. You know, she’s considered one of the greatest threats to our people? If the Antinium were gone, the Five Families would be our biggest concern.”
“I think she hates the Antinium as much as you do. And Az’kerash too, probably.”
Ryoka watched Zel thinking. He stroked at his chin, absently picked slivers of wood from the table with his claws.
“Perhaps. It’s all making more sense. I received a letter from her a while back. I didn’t want to talk to her. Now I do.”
“Why didn’t you want to talk to her?”
Zel paused.
“I had a friend once. A mentor. He taught me most of what I know about commanding and he was…a good Drake. He was wary of Magnolia Reinhart when she was young. He cautioned me about her.”
“A friend? General Sserys?”
Zel glanced at Ryoka in surprise and then he grimaced.
“That’s the problem with being in the history books. Everyone knows too much. Yeah. Sserys was a brilliant [General]. He was a leader. When he spoke people put their tails in a line and followed orders. He could talk to all the city rulers and Lords and Ladies of the Wall. I can’t.”
“Why’s that?”
“I’m not him.”
“No, I mean, what made Sserys special? Was he just charismatic?”
“Charis…perhaps. He had his own way of leading. And when he gave orders, people listened, even people who hated him. More than that though, I think it was what he represented. His class.”
Ryoka frowned.
“His class? What do you mean? Wasn’t he a [General]? Or did he have a special class?”
The [General of the Line] looked surprised. He blinked at Ryoka.
“You didn’t know? The history books didn’t put that part in? Well, maybe they didn’t know. Yes, Sserys had a unique class. [Spear of the Drakes]. It means he was recognized as a leader for our entire species. He could give an order and any army across the continent would be bound to obey.”
Ryoka blinked at him. Zel smiled bitterly.
“He died before he gained a single Skill in the class. He’d leveled up once in it when the Antinium destroyed his army. He used to talk about what his first Skill might be, as if he was a hatchling getting his first class.”
The smile that ran across Zel’s face was fond and painful. Ryoka stared at him and felt a chill on her skin. She’d read both the first and second account of the Antinium Wars, but to meet someone who’d lived through both really put it home to her.
In her world there were politicians, heroic men and women, and yes, some people whose names were known throughout the world for good or bad. However, Ryoka would argue that they had few people who were living legends. But Zel had lived through the equivalent of two continental wars. He was a hero, someone who stood out from the rest because of his levels.
And here he sat across from her, resting his claws on a beat-up table. It really was something.
Of course, she’d met Teriarch too. She stood up. Zel looked at her.
“If there’s anything else you need to know, I’ll tell you what I can. But I can’t help beyond that. I’ve caused too much trouble for everyone already. And I can’t do anything. I’m not a fighter. I’m no hero.”
The Drake looked at her sympathetically and shook his head.
“Don’t blame yourself for everything. You couldn’t have known what was going to unfold. You took a job and the Necromancer made you pay for it. But you couldn’t have known.”
“Maybe.”
