4.33
Page 12
They flew. Bird could still remember the wonder he’d felt the first time he’d looked up and seen a bird flying. The envy. And he could remember shooting one. He hunted birds because he was jealous. Because they were beautiful. Because they were food.
Because he loved to hunt. And if you had a bow, what was the point of shooting at slow things on the ground? The masters of the sky were true challenges, from the tiny birds that could dodge an arrow’s tip at point blank range, to the big birds that might take a full quiver to down.
Bird had an arrow in one of his hands as he scanned the horizon. Check for birds, check for threats. He looked up, and then down. No birds in the sky. But they’d be coming soon. His [Hunter] instincts told him so. The world was warming, and that meant food for the birds and a time for mating, nesting. He just had to wait.
Look up—a flicker behind one of the clouds, about two thousand and three hundred feet up. A bit too high to shoot. Look down. Bird saw something move. He turned and stared.
“Goats.”
There were about thirty of them. They surged across the snow, screaming. Bird could see their bodies covered with blood; one of them looked like it was missing half its face, but it didn’t seem bothered. Another had an arrow sticking out of its side. Bird thought about that.
“Goats. Goats are an animal. They are not monsters. Therefore, they are no threat.”
Satisfied with that conclusion, he turned to resume scanning the landscape when he noticed something.
“The goats are going in the same direction as Miss Solstice. Towards the farming village.”
He stared at the distant hilltop. At the goats. At the one missing half its jaw. Bird shrugged.
“Goats are food. Can you milk a goat? I will ask later.”
Again, he was about to turn, when he spotted something else. A group of six, crossing the snowy plains. They were distant, but Bird’s eyes were enhanced thanks to his [Eagle’s Eyes] Skill. He liked it because it was based off a Bird. And what he saw made him pause.
“Green. Goblins.”
Six of them, all moving fast. They all had weapons, if not armor, and they were larger than the average Goblin. Bird thought and amended his analysis.
“Hobgoblins.”
He paused, arrow in hand. Bird watched the Goblins running, and slowly opened his mandibles.
“Goblins. Goblins are a monster. They are a threat. However, Erin’s sign says not to kill Goblins.”
That was a paradox. Bird scratched at his head and brightened.
“Ah. It said nothing about Hobgoblins.”
He put the arrow to his bow, sighted, and held his breath. Halrac had taught him how to shoot. Bird was grateful. He wished the Goblins were birds. That would make things so much more fun. Land-based things were so…easy.
The Goblins were over eight hundred feet away, a vast distance and far further than his bow was capable of shooting. Normally. Bird had no idea about technical terms like draw strength, the materials used in the composition of his bow, and so on—he didn’t know that it was a recurve bow. But he did know how to hunt birds. He knew that an arrow might not pierce a bird if it was shot from too far away.
“That is what Skills are for. Now. [Long Range Shot].”
He pulled the arrow back, sighted, and loosed.
 
—-
 
The Redfang warriors were arguing and split on their argument. They’d followed the Eater Goats down the abandoned road, and they had seen the goats pick up a scent. They saw the village the goats were headed towards, and half of them were in favor of waiting for the goats to do their work, and the other half were in favor of helping. Somehow.
