4.33
Page 4
“Right. Looks like I could break this with my flail, but it might take two swings. Maybe three, depending on how much space I had. Moore could probably put his fist through it as well, but I’d hate to imagine what that’d do to his hand. Seborn…it would be pretty hard.”
Moore sighed.
“I would probably put an enchantment over my hand, Jelaqua. Cover it with vines. Or thorns. I’m not a savage.”
“Good point. Seborn, you think you could break it?”
The Drowned Man shrugged.
“I don’t feel the need. I’d rather just unlatch the window and jump in, or find another route. But I could probably break it with my daggers. It would slow me down, though.”
“Go ahead. I don’t mind.”
Erin stepped back from the window and invited Seborn to use his daggers on it. The Halfseekers eyed her. Jelaqua paused and shook her head.
“Nah. Glass is expensive. It’s good you got the Skill, though. A bit more protection’s always good.”
“You should look into some spells. I know a decent [Enchanter] who does warding spells.”
Moore nodded to Erin. She looked at him.
“Really? How much do they cost? And how strong are they? Would they stop someone like Regrika?”
The Gold-rank adventurers looked at each other. Jelaqua sighed. She scratched at the black stitches around her forehead.
“No. Never mind.”
Erin looked at the stitches. They were holding together the top of Jelaqua’s head, the bit Regrika had sliced off with the rest of her body, but the severed bit was already looking slightly…decomposed.
“Are you okay? Is your body…”
She didn’t know how to complete that sentence. The Selphid grinned at her wearily.
“Damaged. Thanks for asking. I tore a lot of muscles and the top of my head’s rotting off.  But hey, I’m alive so who cares about my body?”
She grinned. Erin remembered that Jelaqua’s head had been empty when she’d seen inside. The memory made her want to bring up the lasagna she’d had for breakfast.
“Right. No brains. That’s…a bit icky, if you don’t mind me saying so.”
“Not a problem. Nothing looks pretty from the inside. I should know!”
“But how’d your brains—I mean, your body’s brains—how did they uh, disappear? Is that something you have to do when you—”
Terminology was becoming an issue. Jelaqua smiled.
“Brains have nothing to do with how I control a body. I don’t need ‘em. As for how they disappeared, well…it’s this thing, okay? Excess body fat, useless organs—I get snacky, and sometimes—”
Moore elbowed Jelaqua gently.
“That’s disturbing. Even for me, Jelaqua.”
“Sorry, sorry! You did ask. I know you fleshies don’t like talking about it. But Erin did ask, and I want to be open about that.”
The Selphid raised her hands. Erin smiled at her and resolved never to ask about that again. Or at least not after she’d just eaten. She took a second to compose herself, and then gestured at Jelaqua’s head.
“So you need a new body, is that right?”
“Preferably. But I can manage without one if I have to for a month or two. Might get ugly, but I don’t know if I’ll find a new body around here.”
The Selphid grew serious. She nodded towards Liscor.
“Drakes do not like people using their bodies. Neither do Gnolls. They have a thing about it. You know, from the Necromancer? And people don’t like Selphids in general. It’s almost worse than back home because they don’t know about Selphids, so there are all these rumors I have to deal with…I’m willing to pay in gold of course, but I think I’ll have to ask around in Celum and that’s a gamble.”
Erin nodded. The logistics of corpse acquisitions were unfortunately not a new subject to her. Pisces had made similar complaints in the past.
