4.33
Page 2
Erin grunted, and then turned her hammer. With the claw end of the hammer she swung it at the window. Hard. Lyonette braced herself, but rather than break, the hammer’s edge skated across the glass. Erin eyed the undamaged window, and then punched it.
“Ow. That’s tough.”
“What’s all this about?”
“I’m seeing how tough my inn is now. I didn’t tell you—the other day I got [Reinforced Structure].”
“Oh. Oh! So that’s why the inn wasn’t damaged when the Goblin Lord—”
“Yeah. But I want to know exactly how strong my inn is.”
Erin studied the window again, and then balled a fist. She took a breath.
“[Minotaur Punch]!”
The impact this time was loud and sharp. Lyonette saw Erin pull back her hand, wincing.
“Are you—”
Erin showed her hand to Lyonette. There was no blood. But there was a definite fracture in the glass where she’d hit. It was small, but it was there.
“Not that strong, then.”
She shook her head. Lyonette stared at her. She stared at the window.
“It looks strong to me. You couldn’t break it, and the glass is pretty thin!”
“Yeah. But if I can fracture it, anyone with more than twenty levels in a combat class can probably break it. And someone like Regrika could probably still put a hole in my walls.”
Regrika. Lyonette felt a cold surge of fear and anger in her stomach when she heard the name. She looked at Erin.
“Do you think she’s going to come back…?”
“No.”
Erin shook her head. She looked at her window, and then turned away. She trudged around to the front of the inn.
“I don’t. But even if I never see her again, what about next time?”
“What do you mean, next time?”
“A Rock Crab. The Goblin Lord’s army. Or another adventurer. Another Skinner. Or…”
Erin shook her head. She looked so tired. Lyonette stared at a boarded-up wall in Erin’s inn, where Moore had smashed through to run from Regrika. That had been before Erin’s new Skill. Now, she wondered if the half-Giant would have been able to manage the feat.
The [Innkeeper] was clearly thinking the same thing.
“Next time, I won’t be able to rely on luck. And that was what it was. Luck saved everyone but Ulrien. Revi still got cut up, Moore needed healing, and Jelaqua…I can’t keep doing what I’ve been doing. I thought I was prepared. I was wrong.”
Lyonette shook her head adamantly.
“You did everything you could! You got two Gold-rank teams and Zel Shivertail and a Wall Lord to help you. You made sure Mrsha and I—and Apista—were safely out of the inn. What else could you have done?”
“Something. Anything. When she was fighting, Regrika—I couldn’t scratch her. I bought healing potions, magical items from Octavia—do you know I didn’t think to use any of them? It wouldn’t have mattered if I had, anyways. I need something more. More protection. More power. More…”
She shook her head. Erin glanced towards the open door to her inn, leaking warm air. She went to close it and paused.
“Are you okay? Is Mrsha?”
“I’ll be—”
Lyonette’s throat closed up before she could say she was fine. She wasn’t. Erin looked at her. She had a haunted look in her eyes. And Lyonette remembered that Erin had seen people die before as well.
“Take the day off if you need to. Keep Mrsha company.”
“It’s okay. I can manage. But are you alright? You look…”
“I’m fine. I’ve been through this before.”
“Oh?”
Erin nodded. She stared into her inn, and then turned away. There was something quiet about her today. Quiet, and intense. She wasn’t smiling. She wasn’t frowning or visibly upset, either. She was just…present.
