4.33
Page 11
“Oh! Right. I’d like to buy some, yeah. Krshia said she gets it from you and you were going to bring some in a day or two, but I’d like some today if you have any you can spare.”
“Certainly. It is expensive in the winter of course—”
“I’ve got money. Don’t worry. I just need some. You see, I have this little Gnoll I’m helping to look after—”
“Mrsha. Hrr. Yes. I know.”
Erin blinked.
“You do—but—right.”
The [Farmer] smiled. He gestured towards his house.
“We have different kinds of milks, yes? Some cows give better milk. Richer, fatter…and of course I have had the great luck of obtaining a Fischer Cow pair. Now I have several such cows. And goats. I believe a young Gnoll would like goat milk most.”
“Goat milk? Well, I wouldn’t mind having some of—what’s a Fischer Cow?”
“They like meat. Their milk is very rich, although the cows themselves…they bite.”
The [Farmer] showed Erin a scar on one arm. She shuddered.
“Meat eating cows. What’s next?”
“I would love to have one of the magical types of cows in my barn one day. But they are rare and hard to raise, yes? For now, I have several bottles of goat milk and more. Come, please.”
Erin sneezed. It was cold, and the Gnoll’s offer was very tempting.
“Okay. I might have to make a few trips to get all the milk I want, though. I’ll buy in bulk. I have a little sled—”
“It is no issue. I will be here all day.”
“Cool. Hey, do you want to buy some honey? Lyonette got a lot last time and I thought I’d ask. Don’t know if cows eat honey, but it’s good stuff.”
“…Honey?”
 
—-
 
“I am Bird. Bird I am. I hunt birds with my bow. This is my song. La. Lah, la…birds.”
Bird sang quietly to himself as he stood in his watch tower on top of Erin’s inn. His bow was in hand, and he was scanning the sky for birds. This was his purpose, but he was being extra alert today.
Because he had failed. Two people had died while he was on duty. True, one had died inside the inn, at the hands of a Named Adventurer and the other had been killed in the city, but the deaths weighed on Bird.
He was a guard. A protector. Revalantor Klbkch had impressed on him the grave nature of his duty. He had been given a chance, a chance to protect Erin to whom he and his comrades owed so much.
She had given him the bow he held. She had taught him chess. She had freed his fellow Workers. Freed them in their heads.
For that he would always love her. And he had failed her. Her guests were dead. Bird knew he didn’t understand things like Pawn did, but he understood failure.
So he stood in his watch tower, ignoring the cold. He hunted for birds. He would hunt for birds and that would make things better. One bird, two birds…if it took him a thousand birds, he would shoot them all down. That was the only way he knew how to make things better.
Bird didn’t know much about the world. He knew some things were bad. Some things he had to watch out for. Rock Crabs, Shield Spiders, Face-Eater Moths…these things weren’t birds, so the Antinium only identified them as threats. The world was hard and complex.
Not like birds. There were blue birds and red birds, yellow birds and black birds. There were birds that flew high overhead, birds who could fly through the clouds thousands of miles overhead. The Antinium was still trying to figure out how he was going to shoot them down.
There were birds who could fly faster than the wind. Birds who were larger than houses. Birds who flew through the sky and left trails of glowing air in their wake. Birds that were beauty and wrath, elegance and cunning.
