4.33
Page 5
“And I bet you want a good body, right? One with lots of teeth…freshly dead, and probably with muscles, right?”
“She gets it!”
The Selphid turned to Seborn and Moore, looking relieved. They nodded approvingly. Jelaqua walked back inside with the others and sat at a table. Zel was having breakfast. He nodded to Erin, and then winced as Jelaqua began grousing about finding a new host body.
“You would not believe how hard it is. Forget having a specific taste in bodies, finding one that’s not old, infected with some disease and in one piece is hard enough. I’m not one of those elitist types of course—I’ll go for anything without a pulse if it can get the job done. Heck, with all the wear and tear in my profession, that’s mandatory. But I’d like another female body. I mean, the male ones are alright, but let’s be honest—the dangling bits tend to get eaten by bugs before I can enter the corpse, and that’s a pain whenever I have to relieve myself from then on…”
Erin was in a position to regret ever asking about Jelaqua’s woes, but at least it was distracting to hear the Selphid grouse. And that was good. True, Zel lost his appetite and Lyonette had to cover Mrsha’s ears, but it was fun. In a way.
“What about Antinium bodies?”
“Excuse me?”
Jelaqua paused in her rant about having sex, and stared at Erin. The girl shrugged.
“I know a lot of Antinium die. It’s not…good, but if they were willing to give you a body, would you be able to use it?”
Bird paused as he walked downstairs. He had his bow in hand. He nodded.
“Antinium bodies are exceedingly durable.”
Erin jumped. She’d forgotten that Bird was staying here! She was about to apologize when she realized that Bird was agreeing with her. The Antinium sat at a table. He was uninjured, and he requested ‘unborn birds’ for breakfast. As usual. Lyonette gave him a plate of eggs which he began to eat happily.
“Ants? I’d never given it a thought.”
Jelaqua looked troubled as she picked at the stiches on her head. Seborn grabbed her hand. She gave him an annoyed look.
“It itches.”
“It’ll itch more if it fully decomposes.”
“You suck. Okay. Antinium…it’s a thought, Erin, but there’s a few issues. Antinium aren’t welcome in most places on the continent. Also, I’m not familiar with their bodies. It would take a while to get up to speed, and that’s not good if we’re going to take on the dungeon again. I don’t know if their insides are different, which might be dangerous. And I mean, four arms? That’s tricky.”
She waved her two arms around and Erin nodded.
“It’s just a thought. If your uh, head gets rotty, I can ask Klbkch about it.”
“Thanks. Yeah, better that than decomposition, right? I mean, I can deal with maggots and flies laying eggs—just a snack when you get down to it. But people complain of the smell, and then I start leaking…”
“Right. Thank you for breakfast. I’ve got to be on my way.”
Zel pushed his plate back. The [General] stood, looking queasy, and Erin saw Jelaqua raise a hand guiltily. Moore covered his face.
“Sorry about that.”
Erin hurried over and cleared the table. Drassi was in the kitchen doing dishes. Zel shook his head.
“Not a problem. I’m in a hurry anyways.”
“Oh? What are you doing?”
The Drake grimaced.
“Sitting with Liscor’s Council, talking, reassuring people and communicating—slowly—with other cities, mainly. We’re in touch with Esthelm via [Message] spell and talking over forming another army with the Walled Cities.”
“Esthelm?”
That was right. Esthelm was right in the Goblin Lord’s path if he was heading north. Erin felt a surge of panic, but Zel gently gripped her arm.
