4.34
Page 16
Headscratcher nodded in relief. Erin stared at him.
“What, really?”
The skepticism in her voice hurt more than any ridicule. Headscratcher drooped and Erin tried to reassure him.
“No, no, it’s a great name! I’m just surprised. You’re Headscratcher. That’s cool. And uh, what about you?”
She pointed at Shorthilt. The other Goblin began to pantomime as well. Erin’s brows furrowed as she tried to work his name out.
“Short. Right. I got that. Short…short…sword? No? Short hilt? Shorthilt? That’s your name?”
He gave her a short nod and stared challengingly at her. Erin sucked in her lips.
“Right. It’s uh, a good name! Very original. I think.”
Slowly, she went around the table, getting each name from each Goblin. Rabbiteater and Numbtongue were hardest to figure out, especially because Erin had neither rabbits nor numbing agents in her inn. But they got there.
“It’s nice to meet you all. Headscratcher, Shorthilt, Badapple—sorry, sorry! Badarrow, Rabbiteater, and Numbtongue, right?”
They all nodded. All four Goblins had repeatedly elbowed Numbtongue throughout the conversation, but he’d refused to open his mouth. Now Erin smiled at them. Goblin hearts did odd things in their chests and more than one Goblin poked at his heart experimentally.
“Good to meet you all. Sorry about everything earlier. Let’s do this properly. I’m Erin, this is Ceria, Pisces, Ksmvr, Yvlon—Drassi’s hiding in the kitchen. She’s the Drake. Lyonette and Mrsha are upstairs…Mrsha’s the cute little Gnoll. And uh, this is Jelaqua—”
The Selphid leaned over her table. She wasn’t smiling.
“Where is Garen Redfang? How do you know him?”
The Redfang warriors looked at her. Her eyes were fixed on them. Slowly, Headscratcher raised one finger. He pointed at himself and the others, spoke a word.
“Redfang.”
Erin stared blankly at Jelaqua. The Selphid frowned. Someone else spoke up.
“They must be his tribe.”
The Halfseekers turned and looked at Yvlon. The armored woman cleared her throat as everyone stared at her.
“I know a bit about them. I don’t know about Garen Redfang himself, but the Redfang tribe…they’re a notorious Goblin tribe around here. They’ve been active for years and no one’s managed to defeat them or find their lair. They live in the High Passes.”
Seborn shifted in his seat. His gaze hadn’t shifted from the Goblins since he’d sat down.
“We heard about that. What else do you know?”
Yvlon conferred with Ceria for a moment.
“They’re supposed to be the most dangerous Goblin tribe around the High Passes. The best at fighting—some of them ride Carn Wolves, and they’re rated as a threat that no single Gold-rank team should try to handle alone. By all accounts, they’ve done away with several Gold-rank teams and quite a lot of Silver-rank teams over the years.”
The other Redfang warriors looked proud. Headscratcher kicked them under the table and they paused, and then shuffled their feet. Jelaqua shook her head.
“That’s what we heard. But I only care about Garen Redfang. Your leader. Where is he?”
She looked at Headscratcher. He and the others all shook their heads and shrugged at the same time. Jelaqua made a sound of disgust and rose to her feet.
“Great. I can’t sit here. Moore, come on. Seborn, you stay in case something happens.”
She stomped out of the inn. Erin watched her go. Then she looked at the Goblins.
Now then. Now, after all the drama…she still didn’t know what to do with them. Part of her wanted to go tell Zel that they were leaving and he could stay. The rest of her knew that she’d made up her mind as soon as she’d seen them.
