4.34
Page 15
She whirled and stormed out of the room. Slowly, the guardsmen followed her. In the newfound still, Zel Shivertail looked at Erin. He sighed.
“A word, Miss Solstice?”
 
—-
 
They stood outside and spoke in the cold.
“Thank you for helping me. I don’t know what would have happened if you hadn’t.”
Zel inclined his head slightly. He glanced through a window into the inn, where the Redfang Goblins were still sitting, tense, watched by both adventurer groups.
“Truthfully, I don’t know if I should have. Goblins are dangerous, Miss Solstice.”
“I know that. But I think these ones are good. Why did you help me, by the way?”
Zel grimaced.
“Call it instinct. Not mine. Yours. You picked out Regrika Blackpaw and her associate’s treachery. If you can do that, perhaps you’re right about these Goblins. But truthfully, I have ulterior motives.”
“Which are?”
Erin studied Zel, but he didn’t meet her gaze.
“I’m sorry. But I can’t say. Regardless, I managed to convince Watch Captain Zevara to back down. However, if those Goblins cause any kind of disturbance—”
“I’ll make sure they won’t. And they won’t necessarily stay here. I just—I couldn’t leave them alone, you know?”
Erin shrugged helplessly. The Drake [General] eyed her and sighed.
“No, you really couldn’t, could you? Well, I will let you handle this at your discretion—however many misgivings I have. But if you…no. I’m afraid though, that if you do intend to shelter the Goblins, I won’t be staying at the inn.”
“Why?”
Erin stared at him. Zel Shivertail paused.
“I fought Goblins back in the Second Antinium war, and countless times before and since. They’re monsters to me, I’m afraid. I wouldn’t be able to sleep under the same roof as them. I’m sorry. I’ve seen what they can do, and while I can trust your word…I’m sorry.”
He looked at Erin. She hesitated, and then nodded slowly.
“I get it. But I think…I think I will offer them a place to stay for now. I don’t think they have anywhere to go. And I…want to know about Rags.”
Zel nodded.
“In that case, I’ll move out before tonight. I wish you luck, Miss Solstice.”
He turned. Erin called out behind him.
“Why did you do it? Stand up for me? And why were you sure I’d give them a place to stay?”
Zel looked back.
“You’re kind to strangers, Erin Solstice. That’s all. And that’s not a bad thing. If you can prove some Goblins are worth living, well, who am I to stop you?”
Then he walked into the inn. After a second, Erin followed him.
 
—-
 
“Do you…have names?”
Erin sat with the Redfang Goblins. They stared at her, and glanced behind her. Zel Shivertail was talking quietly with Lyonette, who was upset with Erin, and he was talking to Mrsha, who was clinging to his leg. Sitting around the room were the Horns of Hammerad and the Halfseekers, who were both watching them as well.
Erin tried to ignore all of them. She focused on the Goblin ahead of her.
“I’m Erin. But you know that. Do you have names?”
They hesitated. The Goblins looked each other, and shrugged. They weren’t proper names, not like Rags had. But they were something. Erin looked at Headscratcher and pointed to him.
“Okay, what’s yours?”
He scratched his head. She waited. The Goblin looked at her and scratched his head again.
“You don’t know?”
He shook his head and the pointed to it. He slowly and deliberately scratched his head.
“Headscratching?”
Pisces coughed. He cleared his throat as Erin looked at him.
“I believe, Miss Solstice, that the answer is far simpler. That is his name. And rather than Headscratching, I believe you would call him…Headscratcher?”
