4.34
Page 13
The people heading towards her inn hesitated as Erin ran towards them. She shouted, waved her arms. Ceria frowned as Erin shouted at the others.
“Erin? What’s going on? What do you mean you’re closed?”
“Does this mean there is in fact, no food?”
Pisces peered at Erin, looking concerned. She grinned desperately.
“That’s right! No food! We have a—a thing going on. A thing with the food! I’m sorry, but you’ll have to come back later! Not you, though.”
She grabbed Pisces as he turned around and dragged him back. The other Horns of Hammerad clustered around Erin as she whispered to them.
“There’s a minor thing in the inn, okay? We’ll all go up and nobody scream, okay?”
“Goblin!”
Every head turned. A Drake who’d approached the inn from a different spot on the hill backed out of the door, scales pale. He turned to them and ran down the hill, waving his arms and screaming.
“Hobs! There’s five Hobgoblins in there! It’s an invasion! Run for your lives!”
Erin groaned. She saw her guests turn and began fleeing towards Liscor’s gates. Alerted by the commotion, the guards on the walls began shouting down at the people below. In moments, horns were blowing.
Ceria looked at Erin. Yvlon, Ksmvr, and Pisces did likewise. Slowly, Erin turned and grinned weakly at them. Ceria crossed her arms.
“Erin. What have you done?”
 
—-
 
“Human!”
Erin flinched as the door to her inn slammed open. The five Redfang warriors would have jumped to their feet, but the two adventurer teams kept them seated. They tensed as a group of heavily-armed guardsmen led by Zevara herself stormed into the room. The Drake Watch Captain halted when she saw the Hobgoblins, and then rounded on Erin.
“I didn’t believe it when I heard it. I thought even a Human, even you wouldn’t be stupid enough for this. Harboring five Hobgoblins? Now? While the Goblin Lord is marching on our cities? Have you lost your mind?”
“I can explain!”
Erin strode forwards quickly and put herself between Zevara and the Goblins. She saw Relc standing behind Zevara with a group of Drakes in full plate armor. He and the other guardsmen were ready for a fight. But it couldn’t come to that.
“Speak quickly Human.”
Zevara lashed her tail as she stared at the Hobgoblins. Her sword was half out of its sheath, and the [Guardsmen] behind her looked ready to fight. Relc’s eyes smoldered as he stared at the Goblins. They were tense, but they waited for Erin to speak.
She explained as fast as she could. Zevara was incredulous.
“You were attacked by goats?”
“Eater Goats, Captain. They have to be. Those buggers are nasty. If there’s a herd coming down from the High Passes—”
One of the guardsmen murmured to Zevara. She turned to Erin.
“We’ll inspect the bodies. But if these Hobs fought them, so what? Monsters fight monsters.”
“But they did it to save the village! I’m sure of it! They attacked the goats when they were about to jump over the walls! Look, Captain, I know they’re Goblins, but remember Rags?”
Behind Zevara, Relc twitched. Zevara glanced at him, then at Erin.
“I remember a group of Goblins starting to raid the roads around Liscor before they vanished. If that’s your argument—”
“These Goblins aren’t a danger! I promise!”
“Hah! And I’m supposed to let five Hobgoblins sit here while—”
“It’s five Goblins.”
“Five Hobs! Do you understand how dangerous that is? A Silver-rank team wouldn’t be a match for them! And why are they without a tribe? They could be spies, saboteurs—”
“Why did they sit in my inn and eat food for the last two hours, then?”
