4.34
Page 14
Zevara hesitated. She eyed the Goblins. One waved at her. The other raised his middle finger.
“It could be a Goblin ploy—”
“Oh come on. Really?”
Some of the guardsmen shifted behind Erin. One murmured.
“She has a point, Captain. That would be stupid, even for a Goblin—”
“They might have heard there’s a softhearted Human with a fondness for Goblins around here. Maybe they lured the Eater Goats here themselves. I don’t know, but I’m not having them here! And you, why would you think this is a good idea?”
The Drake Watch Captain glared at Erin. She glared back.
“Haven’t you seen the sign outside my inn? Didn’t you see what it read? It says, ‘no killing Goblins’!”
Zevara paused.
“That’s not—”
Erin glared at her. She rounded on the other Drakes and Gnolls in the Watch, raising her voice.
“Did you think that was a joke? That I wasn’t serious? I am. Unless the Goblin is attacking me or other people, or stealing or—or being a jerk, I won’t let you harm them.”
Zevara’s eyes narrowed dangerously.
“This is Watch business, Human. You may not be in Liscor, but you’re close enough to fall under our jurisdiction.”
“So what, you’ll kill them right here and now because you think they might be a threat?”
The Drake hesitated. She eyed the Goblins. They were watching her. At last, she nodded.
“That was our intent.”
All five Redfang warriors shifted at once. The Watch did likewise. Zevara held up a hand.
“We won’t have a fight here. I’d rather force these Goblins to leave the area than risk any deaths.”
Slowly, the Redfang Goblins relaxed their grip on their weapons. But Erin was the one who objected this time.
“You can’t.”
“What?”
“They’re starving. Can’t you see?”
She pointed at the Goblins. The Redfang warriors glanced at her in astonishment. Erin spread her hands.
“They were hungry when they came in, and I think they’re on the run. They aren’t allied with the Goblin Lord—I think they’re part of Rags’ tribe. Look, Captain Zevara, why can’t I let them stay in my inn for a day or two?”
Everyone was gaping at her. Zevara shook her head.
“You really are as crazy as Relc says. I won’t allow it.”
“Well, I won’t let you lay a hand on these Goblins! Give me a day or two and I’ll let them go—maybe out of Celum. But no one’s hurting them here.”
Zevara stared incredulously at Erin.
“And what will you do if we decide to move them? Stop us? By yourself?”
She glanced around the inn. Both the Halfseekers and the Horns of Hammerad were present, but they didn’t seem inclined to stand up for Erin the same way as they had before. Erin nodded.
“If I have to.”
Someone in the group of guards people laughed. Zevara stared at Erin.
“Stand aside. We’re removing the Goblins.”
Erin’s eyes narrowed.
“Try it.”
For a heart-thundering second, Zevara’s hand tightened on her sword’s hilt and every warrior in the room tensed. Then the door opened. Half a dozen swords cleared their sheaths, but the figure standing in the doorway made everyone hesitate.
“Enough. Watch Captain Zevara, stand down.”
Zel Shivertail stood in the doorway. He glanced around, pinning the Redfang warriors with a glance. The Drakes backed up and he strode forwards to speak with Zevara. The two Drakes bent their heads. Erin couldn’t hear anything, but she saw Zevara’s tail lashing and caught a few words.
“—on my authority—can’t be s—quite. The situation—won’t allow—follow orders.”
At last, Zevara turned. She looked like she was ready to blast Erin with flames, but she held back. She clenched her claws into fists and glared pure murder at the Goblins.
“If they hurt anyone, it’s on your head, Human!”
