4.35 E
Page 15
Geram clenched one fist as the thundering blows on the door intensified. Outside the Goblins screamed and the [Shaman] roared a word that made the silverware on the tables flash for a second. Rie flinched. Geram looked towards Nesor and the [Mage] hesitated before hurrying towards the makeshift barricades. The captain of the guard drew closer to Rie and lowered his voice. He took something off of his belt and handed it to her.
Rie stared at the object. It was a dagger. She looked up at Geram’s face. The man’s expression was grim.
“I won’t lie, Lady Rie, there’s no way out for us. I could try opening a window and making a break for it, but the Goblins would catch us before we went half a yard. As for holding here—we don’t have the manpower for it.”
She nodded and tried to laugh lightly.
“I suppose I should have hired that Silver-rank team like you’d always advised me, shouldn’t I, Geram?”
He smiled back. Someone screamed and his head turned. It was only a servant, seeing a Goblin’s face pressed against one of the windows. He shook his head.
“Three Silver-rank teams wouldn’t have made a difference, milady. But here.”
He offered her the dagger again. Rie stared at it.
“For me? I’m sure I’ll fight my best Geram, but I’m no warrior. If there’s someone who can use it better—”
“We’re all armed, milady. No. This is for the last.”
Geram’s bald head was sweating. He looked into Rie’s eyes.
“I’ll die fighting, with a Goblin’s throat in my hands. But milady, the Goblins are known to capture—that is, take prisoner women and—”
Lady Rie’s face paled further. Geram hastily raised a hand in case she fainted, but she caught herself.
“I see. I understand Geram, but that won’t be necessary.”
“But Lady Rie—”
She drew something out of her pocket with trembling hands. Geram stared at the viscous orange liquid within. Rie smiled bitterly.
“We all have plans for the end, Geram. In this case, this poison will kill me quicker than any dagger. And better, it will poison my body. If I am to die, I will make sure any…indignities…are repaid in kind.”
The bald man looked at Rie and smiled. He offered her a hand and Rie took it as if she were being led onto the dance floor at a ball. The two proceeded towards the barricade. Heads turned to follow them as they walked. Geram lowered his head towards her as he walked.
“It has been an honor to serve you, my lady. I was nothing until I met you.”
Rie whispered.
“Nonsense. You were always worthy. Now. It is time.”
The doors were splintering. The Hobs roared as they smashed the battering ram into it again and again. The magic wards were failing. Rie turned and raised her voice. It could hardly be heard above the shrieking of the Goblins just outside, or the pounding at the doors, but still her words reached each one of her servants.
“Ladies, gentlemen, this is it. The end. I am afraid we will die here. Perhaps horribly. And that is our fate.”
They stared at her. Lady Rie’s chin lifted. The shaking in her knees stopped.
“Did you expect otherwise? No. I did not. No matter how much we beg or plead, there is no mercy here. This is Izril. Here we fight and live and die without respite, all of us. Life is a battle. We use words like knives and fight with politics and swords. None of us are ever safe, and it is an illusion to say otherwise.”
She paused. A thundering roar came from outside. Rie closed her eyes, and then opened them. She looked each of her servants in the face.
