4.36 O
Page 13
That was an understatement. Adventurers watched Pisces with folded arms. Some turned their backs to him. One made a gesture. Olesm winced. He knew [Necromancers] were unpopular in Liscor and the rest of the continent—well, most of the world, really—for good reason, but Pisces’ attitude seemed to exacerbate the issue.
“I got the report! Olesm, I have them and—oh.”
Maviss returned, holding a sheaf of parchment and stopped when she saw Pisces. He looked at her and she hurriedly shoved the file into Olesm’s hand before retreating behind the counter. Olesm paged through the report.
“It seems like everything I need. Miss Maviss, can I return this at a later date?”
“Absolutely! Uh—can I help you?”
Maviss stared at Pisces, tail twitching nervously. He looked at Olesm and then at her and shook his head.
“Not in the slightest, I would imagine.”
He turned. Olesm looked at Maviss.
“Thank you for the files. I have to be going.”
“Oh. Wouldn’t you like to stay for—”
The Drake hurried away and out of the guild. Olesm walked quickly, pausing to greet an adventurer he knew, and then hurried down the street. He wanted to open the report in his apartment, but realized someone was striding along in the same direction as him, practically at the same speed.
Olesm and Pisces halted in the street, staring at each other as Drakes and Gnolls walked around them. Pisces frowned at Olesm. Olesm scowled at Pisces.
“Why are you following me?”
Pisces sniffed.
“I am not. It would appear we were moving in the same direction purely by happenstance. That is known as coincidence.”
He turned. Olesm stuck his tongue out at his back and heard a giggle. He turned, and then his scales turned bright red as he saw Drassi and a few female Drakes he recognized gossiping together. They waved and Olesm waved back before covering his face with one claw.
Pisces glanced at the Drakes, and noticed one of the [Guardsman] on patrol giving Olesm a nod. The same [Guardsmen] spat as he passed by Pisces. The mage’s voice was acerbic.
“It seems you are well beloved in this city, Mister Swifttail.”
Olesm nodded. He felt a bit embarrassed, actually, given how people were treating Pisces.
“I get to know a lot of people in my job. It uh, seems like you’re not well loved here.”
The [Necromancer] shrugged.
“My reputation as a [Necromancer] precedes me. Too, there are my past crimes.”
Olesm recalled the incident with the monster terrorizing innocent villagers out of food and coin. He scowled.
“Yes. That. But I think people might still treat you better if you made an effort.”
Pisces was turning to go. He looked over his shoulder and raised his eyebrows.
“Why should I? Their opinions are set in stone. Besides, my isolation is a product of my achievements and who I am. Talent is lonely. I do not need friends or adulation. Success is its own reward.”
His words stung Olesm’s scales like nettles. And yet, at the same time Olesm had an instinctive sense that Pisces was lying through his teeth. He didn’t have a truth detection Skill, but the Drake still sensed it. And…talent?
Olesm though about Ilvriss praising him and the shame and mixed emotions he felt. Whereas Pisces practically shouted his own arrogance. That lit a fire under his tail. He snapped at Pisces.
“You seem to have an inflated opinion of your abilities.”
Pisces smirked.
“Accurately judging my own worth is not hubris. If others fail to comprehend my worth, that is their failing. Not mine.”
“Oh yeah? Well—well, what if you’re wrong?”
