4.36 O
Page 12
“A report from the events surrounding the crypt and the attack of the undead horde? Why would you be interested in that?”
The [Necromancer] eyed Olesm, arms folded, completely unapologetic about eavesdropping. Olesm coughed.
“Good morning, uh, Pisces.”
“Olesm.”
The [Mage] and [Tactician] stared at each other. Neither quite knew what to say. True, they’d met and played games of chess against each other, but that was because both of them knew Erin. They weren’t exactly acquaintances; neither one could remember really having a long conversation together.
Olesm shifted.
“I uh, I’m following up a discrepancy with the reports, which is why I requested them.”
“Ah. I see. And what is it you have uncovered?”
“Confidential, I’m afraid. City business. What were you asking Selys about? It seemed important.”
“Confidential.”
Pisces’ tone was acerbic as he looked down his nose at Olesm. His gaze flicked to the Drake’s face, to his tail, and then to the notepad Olesm was still holding. The Drake hurriedly put that away. He didn’t like how Pisces always seemed so…so perceptive about things. For one thing, the [Necromancer] was one of the few Humans who watched Drakes’ tails for their reactions. Olesm kept his very still and raised his voice casually.
“How’s uh, the adventuring business? Doing a lot of fun…killing monsters? How’s Ceria doing?”
He winced. He hadn’t meant to blurt that out. Even if he had meant to ask. Pisces blinked. He studied Olesm and the Drake just knew he was recalling Olesm’s very brief fling with Ceria and the moment when she’d rejected his request to join the Horns of Hammerad. The memory made Olesm want to gnaw on his tail.
The [Necromancer] betrayed none of what he was thinking, though. He lifted his shoulder fractionally and sniffed.
“We have been undertaking mundane requests of little worth as of late. There are few worthwhile tasks to complete as I’m sure you’re aware. Oversaturation of adventurers…I believe Springwalker and the others are resting in the inn. They were most upset after our last mission.”
Olesm’s heart began to pound.
“Why? Is she—I mean, is everyone alright? I haven’t visited the inn in a while.”
Again, Pisces sniffed.
“Nothing damaging. Rather, we had accepted a rather odious task to clear an infested cave of vermin. The mission was hardly dangerous. Physically, that is.”
“Vermin?”
“Yes. An infested cave a few miles from Liscor. It was filled with roaches. Cockroaches. About ten thousand of them. Our task was to eliminate their nest and as many as possible. There were…complications.”
Pisces brushed at his robes. Only now did Olesm look down and notice several smears on the robes. They were enchanted to resist staining and dirt of course, but the liquid on the robes was sticky. There were black bits of shell and wing and a few legs—Olesm’s tail twitched and Pisces grinned.
“Ice magic is futile against those kinds of roaches. We had to burn them. Unfortunately, there were larger variants with nasty bites and they swarmed us. Well, I say ‘us’ when I mean my other three companions. They got into Yvlon’s armor and onto Ceria…Ksmvr was most helpful in eating them. I believe he and Ceria consider the roaches as snacks and were more offended by the bites than anything else.”
He seemed amused by Olesm’s reaction. Pisces looked around the room, meeting a few gazes before they quickly averted. He shook his head and sniffed a third time.
“I was intending to do more work today, but it seems my presence is unwelcome here.”
