4.36 O
Page 11
“Hello, Selys. I’m actually here to deliver a report about those Gnoll-like monsters that were found in the dungeon. I’ve investigated the matter and they’re a primitive offshoot of the Gnoll species. Some kind of throwback or…well, they’re clearly dangerous and they’ve adapted for the darkness. The Gnolls hate them and I have a few details on how they might fight.”
“Really? Freakish Gnoll offshoots, huh?”
Selys’ nonexistent eyebrows rose. She glanced out the window and made a face.
“It sounds important, and I’d love to hear about them, but I’m nearly done with my shift, Olesm. This jerk—”
She pointed towards Pisces with her tail and the [Necromancer] glowered. He still hadn’t moved away and was making Olesm uncomfortable.
“—took up a lot of my time and I’m actually meeting with Erin right after this. Can I call over my replacement and have her get all the details? Or better yet, can you send a report through all those official channels? It’s not that we can’t do it, it’s just that we’re a bit overworked, you know?”
She made a face. Olesm floundered, and then nodded. That wasn’t what he wanted, but what could he say?
“Of course. That would be fine.”
“Cool. Oh, and so I can mention it to Erin—what are these not-Gnolls called?”
“Raskghar. I think.”
“Got it. Hey, Maviss! Can you take over? Thanks!”
Selys walked out from behind the counter and another Drake took her place. Maviss, a Drake with light pinkish-red scales, smiled sweetly at Olesm. A bit too sweetly. Selys winked at her friend and Olesm edged back from the counter.
“Ah. Ahem. Selys tells me you’re very busy, so I’ll file that report and submit it tonight—”
“Are you sure? I’m sure I could write it all down if you want.”
Pisces was trying to chase after Selys until she tripped him up with her tail. He stood up to laughter, flushing with anger, and Olesm shook his head. He cleared his throat and then lowered his voice. There was one other reason why he’d come to the Adventurer’s Guild, and that was to follow up on a hunch.
“I wonder, Miss Maviss, whether your guild has the records of the recent expedition into the crypt by four Silver-ranked adventuring teams? The one with the attacking undead, led by the creature known as Skinner?”
Maviss’ smile vanished. She nodded. Everyone in Liscor remembered that night of horrors.
“We have lots of files. But don’t you get all of them as a [Tactician]?”
He shook his head.
“All the ones about the attack of course, testimonies, statements from the [Guardsmen]…but when the adventurers were uh, recovered and their remains were counted, that report got sent to your guild. If the city kept a copy, it’s lost somewhere. I was hoping I could see it. I’m especially interested in what the [Guardsmen] found. The possessions of the deceased adventuring teams that were confiscated and so on.”
The [Receptionist] thought about that and then nodded.
“I can get that for you. It might take a bit. Why don’t you wait here? Unless you’d like to help?”
She winked at Olesm. He blushed.
“I uh, no, I’m sorry. I have uh, a lot of pressing engagements. With the Wall Lord. I do apologize.”
“Oh. Alright then.”
Looking disappointed, Maviss sighed and walked out into one of the back rooms where files were kept. Formal documentation might not exist in Human guilds, but Drakes were sticklers for reports and filing, so Olesm was sure a copy of the report he needed was back there. He turned, intending to take a seat while Maviss searched, and jumped as he saw Pisces standing behind him.
