4.37 O
Page 14
“But a battleaxe—”
“I know. But allow my spider to proceed. There is but one exit. Next is a long corridor. There are several uneven tiles and—”
Pisces broke off with a cry. He winced as Olesm stared at him and shook his head.
“A trap. I could not identify it through the spider’s eyes. Whatever it was destroyed my creation. Thoroughly.”
“Do you have another spider? Or can you send something else? Can you animate the bones below?”
“I do not carry multiple spiders around as a rule. And the stone is preventing me from reaching the bones below. I do not sense them with my magic. Clearly we are not meant to know this passage exists.”
“But someone found it. Someone found it and fell. And they fought a Raskghar, killed it, but lost their battleaxe. And only one adventurer in our group carried one…”
Olesm stared at the hole. He turned to Pisces.
“Do you think it’s possible?”
The [Necromancer] shrugged. He was looking around warily, Olesm noticed, and as the Drake turned, he saw the Bone Horror had returned.
“It is possible. More than likely, perhaps. What of it? The Minotaur might have survived all of this, but he was wounded as he fled, was he not?”
“He lost his arm. The undead swarmed him. But—”
“Do you think he could have survived the rest of the dungeon in his condition?”
“I don’t know, but if he’s alive, we have to search for him!”
Olesm flared up. Pisces grabbed Olesm and slapped him across the face. The Drake gaped at him. Pisces was breathing faster.
“Get ahold of yourself! Think rationally, you fool. We have to leave this place now. I assumed we were safe because this area had been cleared. But if there are passageways below, into the actual dungeon—”
There might be more monsters who’d climbed up. Or other things. Watching them. Olesm’s blood ran cold. He nodded silently and he and Pisces made a rapid retreat back towards the top floor. Only when they were outside of the crypt and in the cold daylight did they feel safe enough to talk again.
“I can’t believe it. There was a passageway down there all along. And Calruz—”
“It is too early to assume he was the one who fell down there. I agree the evidence fits, but to assume his survival is going beyond the limits of speculation—”
“And why not? You know how people survive in those kinds of situations! They level under pressure! Haven’t you heard of adventurers surviving after being swallowed by monsters? Or—or going into dungeons and coming out months later and gaining ten, sometimes twenty levels!”
Olesm grabbed Pisces by the robes. The mage shrugged him off, looking troubled.
“Such cases do exist, I admit. But what would you do? Mount a rescue expedition? Into an area that is clearly inhabited by monsters and trapped? By who? The city would never agree, and the only other group with a vested interest in Calruz’s life is—”
“Yours.”
The Horns of Hammerad. Olesm stared at Pisces. The mage didn’t meet his eyes.
“You know what Ceria would do if she thought Calruz was alive. Yvlon, too.”
“I am well aware. But that would most likely be suicide.”
“Even so! If you could convince another group to help you, the Halfseekers for instance—”
“I think they have had enough of volunteering themselves for others, especially after what happened at Miss Solstice’s inn. Don’t you?”
The Human and Drake stood together in the snow, staring at each other. Olesm’s tail drooped. He couldn’t argue with that. He turned to look back towards the crypt’s opening.
“But if he is alive…”
“If. There is too much to risk for an uncertainty. Too much to lose for an outcome that most likely does not exist.”
