4.37 O
Page 13
“Meaning that the owners of said remains died years, possibly centuries before any adventurers came here.”
Olesm’s breath caught in his chest. He had a thought.
“And there are no Minotaur skulls in the room?”
“None.”
“You’re sure? How big is the room? I mean—”
Pisces turned a reproving eye towards Olesm.
“I know what Minotaur bones look like. There are none similar to it, although there are quite a number of unusual bones. Very odd. They appear similar to a Gnoll’s in structure, but thicker. The skulls have a smaller cranial capacity and the jaws are enlarged…”
“Raskghar. They have to be.”
“What?”
Olesm quickly explained about the Gnoll’s primitive subterranean cousins. Pisces nodded.
“Ah. That would explain much. Yes, the majority of the bones in the room do appear to be these…Raskghar. One moment. I am coming to a conclusion.”
“Are you? I’ve got one too.”
“Hm. Enlighten me, then.”
“This was probably meant to be a disposal place of some kind. I doubt it was meant as transportation; otherwise there would be a way back up. And why would it be hidden? I bet the undead were supposed to dump their victims down there.”
“I concur. And?”
“…That’s all I’ve got. You’re the one who can see down there.”
“True. Ah, I suppose it is time for my analysis.”
Pisces cleared his throat and stood straighter, adopting a lecturing tone that still irked Olesm a bit. But the Drake listened, mainly because he didn’t have any other choice.
“It looks like this was indeed meant to be used as a disposal chute—perhaps for invaders or the ah, remains after Skinner had disposed of his foes. Yes, it would be an ideal spot for such parts to reanimate. However, this room has been repurposed. It appears to be a burial chamber now.”
“How do you—”
Pisces raised three fingers as he spoke, frowning at Olesm as he spoke over the Drake.
“I base my conclusions on three pieces of evidence. First, the bones within are systematically piled up with the skull at the apex of each pile, clearly denoting some sort of ritualistic and continual disposal process. Second, the bones have been separated from the body and I can spot evidence that some tool was used to scrape the bones clean of flesh. Thirdly, none of the skeletons have been damaged by scavengers which implies the room is regularly swept and maintained. Except in a few notable cases…”
He paused for a second and coughed. Olesm silently offered him a water flask and Pisces took a drink before continuing.
“There is a disturbance where my Shield Spider landed, which threw me off at first. However, it appears that this was an anomaly. The nearest pile to the opening has been knocked into pieces. The bones are scattered, as if from a large impact overhead. They have disturbed a few other piles, but there are several overturned piles, as if something large ran into them. The path leads straight to the sole exit in the room. Your thoughts?”
Olesm’s mind raced. He spoke slowly.
“It seems obvious.  Something—or rather, someone found this opening and walked into the trap. They landed on the pile and ran towards the door.”
Pisces nodded approvingly. His gaze unfocused again.
“And here, at the door—”
He drew in his breath sharply. Olesm stared at him.
“What?”
“A skeleton. Another Raskghar. However, this one was not ritually buried. The corpse is mostly decomposed and in one piece. And there is a weapon buried in its chest. A battleaxe. The haft is broken off.”
A battleaxe. Olesm’s tail lashed the ground. He started for the hole and Pisces grabbed him.
“Don’t be a fool! If you go down there we might not be able to return!”
