4.38 B
Page 17
“I believe parts of them are still stuck to the undercarriage, sir. May I take this moment to inform you of our wine selection?”
There was no response. Reynold laughed to himself. He was—was a bit disoriented himself. As he sped away from Celum he saw little black spots swimming in his vision, and felt his body swaying. He was…tired.
But he kept driving. He was a [Butler]. And a butler never abandoned his post. He owed Magnolia Reinhart too much for that.
Slowly, one of the wounds that hadn’t completely healed opened up again and spattered blood onto the front of the carriage, mixing with the rest. After a while, Reynold sipped more of the healing potion and the wound closed.
“Dear me. My attire is ruined. I should get that cleaned…as soon as I stop to rest.”
He sighed, and kept his eyes on the road. The last of the daylight burned away, and Reynold felt his body freezing. He was cold. It was dark. He reached for more energy, more fire, and felt himself drifting lower. But that was just his body. At the moment Reynold was full of life. He’d rest when it was over. For now he drove.
And inside the carriage, the traveler watched the driver through the panel. He stared anxiously at the man, but saw Reynold driving without faltering. And perhaps it was the unfamiliar sensation of riding in the carriage, or the instinctual understanding that Reynold wouldn’t stop until he’d completed his duty, but the traveler soon felt himself growing tired.
He slept. And then he dreamed.
 
—-
 
It was the past the traveler dreamed of. It was a memory that surfaced in his mind, an old conversation between him and a friend. It was ancient history, decades old, but it came to mind because of what he was about to do. He recalled a tent, the smell of wine, a slightly rough chair, and—company. He sat down, not remembering what the joke he’d just laughed at was, and saw his friend sitting across from him.
His friend. A long-dead face swam into focus in the traveler’s dream, and a voice spoke.
“I think I met a monster today.”
“Oh, really? What kind?”
“Hah. Not a real monster. I was speaking metaphorically. I met a Human girl. A young one. You might know of her. Magnolia Reinhart.”
“I don’t know the first name, but I recognize the last one. Well, well. One of the scions of the Five Families has come to our aid?”
“It seems like it. She’s responsible for that army. And this is the scary part—I’d swear she’s not even seventeen years of age. Maybe less; I don’t know Humans that well.”
“What, all of it? Is she some kind of [Commander]?”
“Hardly. She’s a [Lady]. And she’s certainly no warrior—I caught her throwing up after battle.”
“Why’s she come, then?”
“Because no one else would come to our aid otherwise. She came herself and brought an army capable of ending this war with her.”
“I’ll drink to her, then. Why’d you say you met a monster? Surely she’s not that hideous—”
“Don’t be a hatchling. I was being serious. I thought she was a monster when I met her. Now…I’m convinced.”
“You’ve lost me.”
“Let me say it another way. She’s a…Demon. You know, the ones from Rhir? Or maybe she’s something else. What I’m saying is that she scares me. She’s not like other Humans.”
“So? She must be outstanding to lead an army so young. She’s high level…so what? I’m not following you.”
“Hm. Perhaps I could say it like this. She’s like…a god.”
“The gods are dead.”
“Yes, but you know what I mean, don’t you? She’s like a god, or the opposite of one. Does that make sense?”
“Perhaps…she frightens you and she’s that different from her kind, is she?”
