4.38 B
Page 13
Celum? If it hadn’t been for his [Butler] class, Reynold would have groaned aloud. That was a day’s journey and a hard drive even if he was full of energy, which he was not. He was hungry, cold, tired, and his butt hurt. But Ressa was clearly impatient. He hesitated.
“Am I to understand that I will leave you and Lady Magnolia behind?”
“That’s correct. We will send for another form of transport and make the journey back to Invrisil where we will await you.”
Reynold frowned.
“But surely we could send the other carriage—”
Magnolia Reinhart possessed two magical carriages, where most kingdoms didn’t have one. Her personal carriage was maintained at all costs; the other one was powerful, but often suffered from a lack of resources and [Mages] of the caliber needed to fix them. Either one was far, far faster than any other form of transport, however, which is why he was surprised he had to take Magnolia’s personal carriage. But Ressa just shook her head.
“The other carriage refuses to start. There must be something wrong with the enchantments.”
The [Butler]’s heart sank.
“Again? I could drive back and see if I could—”
“No. The carriage was supposed to pick up a very important guest. You need to drive to Celum and pick up the traveler—he will be waiting with a red cloak and you will recognize him on sight.”
“Yes, Miss Ressa. But the trip will take hours. I won’t be back until late in the night and I’ve been driving since this morning. I am…slightly exhausted, Miss Ressa.”
He knew complaining to Ressa was a dangerous idea, but Reynold had to say it. He hesitated as the [Head Maid] glared at him and pushed his luck further.
“Could I not drive back to the estate and switch drivers? I believe it would not take—”
“Reynold.”
She stared at him and Reynold shut up. Ressa shook her head briskly.
“No. The carriage should have left this morning, and I was not informed until now.”
She gritted her teeth and Reynold cringed and knew that heads would roll when they returned to the mansion. Ressa went on.
“Our guest requires the fastest driver to get him here. Time is of the essence, and the route goes past the area where the Goblin Lord is said to be marching.”
That was true, too. Reynold knew he was the best driver for the job, but the world was swimming and he was just a bit angry. He tried one last time.
“Miss Ressa, I understand, but my condition now—”
Ressa looked at him, and put a hand on Reynold’s arm. She didn’t grip his arm or pull out one of the daggers he knew she carried. It was a soft touch, and so intimate and unlike her that Reynold froze in an instant. Ressa looked into his eyes and lowered her voice.
“Reynold. This is important.”
He fell silent, and realized Ressa was telling him that there was no time to argue, or even switch drivers. After all, the next best driver was Alkran, and he had broken his arm when the assassins had attacked. It still hadn’t healed properly. So Reynold straightened and nodded.
“Please forgive me, Miss Ressa. I will return at all speed.”
“Good. Go. And Reynold—please hurry.”
He had seldom heard Ressa use that tone. Reynold turned and ran for the carriage. In less than a minute he was on the road, and driving as fast as he could. But even going as fast as he dared, it would be six hours to Celum. Well, maybe five if he drove fast enough to really be dangerous.
He did. He drove for hours, until he came across the Goblin Lord’s army. They swept across the landscape like a horde of green locusts, burning and destroying anything without walls in front of them. Reynold drove wide of them, until he saw the people.
 
—-
