4.38 B
Page 19
“Never mind that. Ressa, get the man inside. He’s frozen! Why is he so cold? Are the heating spells on the carriage broken again? And what about—”
The voice stopped as Zel opened the carriage door. The Drake [General] stared out into a dark world illuminated by bright mage lights and blinked down at the figures clustered around the [Butler] who was being held up by two servants. They were all Humans—well, all save for one of the [Maids] who was a Gnoll. And they stared at him with a mixture of awe and fear.
They knew him as a legend. One of the [Maids], a tall woman, moved slowly backwards towards a shorter woman, keeping her eyes on him. It was too dark for Zel to make out details, but the way she held herself, and her voice—he had never met her, and she had never met him.
But they knew each other. Zel Shivertail lowered his head slightly as he stepped from the carriage. Magnolia Reinhart moved past Ressa’s protective body and smiled.
“General Shivertail. I’m glad you decided to come. My apologies for the delay.”
Zel paused and nodded to Reynold. The [Butler] was still on his feet, being fussed over by two [Maids].
“Your man looked like he’d driven through a war and back to get to me. I commend his spirit.”
“Happy to serve.”
Reynold mumbled. Magnolia glanced at him, and then at Zel. Cautiously, slowly, she held out her hand.
“We have never met, but I hope we can speak freely, Zel Shivertail. I have long wanted to meet you, as you are no doubt aware. I hope we can set the issues you put forward in your letter right.”
“I have no doubt we can. But I have one question to ask you first. Something I have to know.”
Zel didn’t take Magnolia’s offered hand. He looked her in the eye and sensed Ressa staring at him warily, felt the prickles on his spines that told him the other servants were dangerous. But it was only Magnolia’s face he searched.
“Tell me why.”
“Why…what, precisely?”
“Why you’ve gone to all this trouble. Why you’re willing to help. Why all the things you promised me. What’s in it for you?”
Magnolia lowered her hands and tapped her lips.
“Nothing, perhaps. But it is my mission, shall we say? My ambition, most definitely. I have one dream, General Shivertail.”
“Which is?”
Zel held his breath. The world did. Magnolia Reinhart smiled, and in her eyes was a bright light. She held out her hand once more.
“Peace. To save the world. I will do anything for that goal. Will you help me?”
Zel Shivertail looked into her eyes. For a second he saw what Sserys had, decades ago. That light, that certainty. The other Drake had called it the look of a devil, a monster, or a god. And then he blinked, and saw something different. He hesitated, and then his claws rose. Gingerly, somewhere in the past of what might have been, the Drake [General] shook the Human girl’s hands.
And then they were back in the present, in the now. Zel looked into Magnolia’s eyes and smiled.
“Let’s save the world then, Miss Reinhart. Tell me, where should we begin?”
She laughed lightly, in relief, as Ressa let out a huge breath behind her and Reynold fainted.
“With the Goblins, my dear Zel. With the Goblin Lord first. And then Az’kerash. And then the Antinium.”
“And then?”
She smiled wider.
“We’ll see. Now, shall we discuss this inside? Say, over a cup of tea?”
 

