4.39 G
Page 0

“Fools!”
The instant Garen Redfang heard about the failed attack on Lady Rie’s mansion, he stormed into the feasting hall where Tremborag sat. The self-styled Great Chieftain of Goblins looked up as he clutched an entire roast sheep in his claws. Garen snarled as he strode down the length of the messy hall towards him.
“Garen Redfang. What has you so angry this time?”
Tremborag’s voice was huge and surprisingly intellectual, but tinged with the same irritation Garen had been feeling lately. The few Hobs and other Goblins accompanying him at this moment—many of them female—eyed the Goblins behind Garen.
The Redfang Tribe had largely abandoned Garen when Rags had fled the mountain. But many was not all, and already more Hobs and competent warriors had joined Garen Redfang’s faction within the mountain. He was the pinnacle of martial ability to aspire to, and if his new ‘tribe’ was not as well-trained as his old one, they were a fighting force Garen had led on many raids.
And it was the raids that were the issue. Garen glared at Tremborag and spat.
“The Goblins who went to attack the [Lady] are dead.”
The huge Hobgoblin paused. A bit of grease dripped from his hands. The Goblins around him froze.
“All?”
Over twenty Hobs had been chosen to assault the mansion, as well as one of the [Shamans]. It had been considered overkill for such a small town and even a [Lady]’s personal residence. Unlike the Five Families, most of the minor nobility lacked huge arsenals of magical defenses.
And yet, the attackers had been destroyed. Garen spoke sharply.
“They were slaughtered by a Human alliance! They are gathering as I said! And you provoke them with more raids. No more. No Goblins will go to that place; none return anymore. I forbid it.”
His command of the common tongue had increased markedly since he had stayed in the mountain. Or rather, he was having to speak more often. As he had in the past with his friends. Garen pushed the memory back. Tremborag dropped the sheep and stood.
“You forbid? I am Great Chieftain under the mountain.”
“And I am Garen Redfang, who knows raiding and Humans ways. Continue to send more raids and they will die. Fool.”
The hall had gone silent. The Goblins around Tremborag had retreated and Garen’s Redfang warriors were eying Tremborag uneasily. The Great Chieftain’s crimson eyes flared with fury. He and Garen growled at each other, drawing closer.
The air was hot with bloodlust. Garen felt his hand tightening on the hilt of his famous red sword and Tremborag suddenly looked taller, less fat and more like the monster he could become. But both Goblins forced themselves back. They were allies.
“Hah! You have not dulled your fangs since coming here.”
Tremborag broke the stalemate first. He sat and picked up the sheep and ripped into it with one hand. Breathing hard, Garen sat at a table, facing him.
There was a reason for the irritation between them, and not just because of Rags’ escape. What had she taken? Some of the magical items? Most of the truly powerful artifacts had been spread across the Hob lieutenants and other warriors in Tremborag’s tribe. Goblins didn’t hoard practical treasures. And food? Again, not an issue. The Human women—
No. Garen ground his teeth together. There was only one true reason for their anger.
“The Goblin Lord comes.”
“Yes.”
Tremborag ate savagely, crunching bones in his mouth. He spat a fragment onto the ground.
“I feel him coming. He comes for you and I, Redfang. We are the only ones who could oppose him. But there are others he calls.”
“Others?”
Garen was surprised. Tremborag laughed.
