4.39 G
Page 3
All heads turned. Rags didn’t appear to stab them. Pyrite was lifting a Goblin child up, grunting as he peered at a rash. All turned back to the talk.
“Smart, though.”
“Yes.”
Waggled finger. More nuance. Smart is not enough necessarily. Goblins need a daring leader and a cautious one is not as good. However, the raised eyebrow indicated skepticism of this very idea. The Rockfall Chieftain surprisingly spoke up next.
“Good to have mate.”
All stared at her. There, it was said, and by one of Rags’ own at that! Mate. Yes. Have sex. Or rather, have someone who could guide your opinions, a capable lieutenant. Only—
“Pyrite is good.”
Poisonbite said that and all agreed. Pyrite was. He was capable, solid, a good fighter. And he was calm, a perfect second-in-command. What he wasn’t though was aggressive. Noears chewed on his lip and frowned.
“Good, but simple. Has odd companion. Old. Greybeard.”
That was true too. Every head turned as Pyrite bent to talk to a Goblin sitting by a fire next to theirs. Greybeard grinned as he slurped at some soup and chattered to the big Hob. Poisonbite scowled and Redscar looked at her.
“Old Goblin. You know?”
“My unit. Good at running away, better at not be cut.”
She flicked her fingers dismissively and Redscar nodded.
“Never met Goblin with beard.”
“Hah! No point. But if not Pyrite, who?”
Who indeed. All eyes shifted to Noears and Redscar, the most probable choices. Noears shifted and Redscar growled. Neither one was particularly into the idea. It was common knowledge that Noears liked big Hob females, and Redscar liked Goblins who had certain body parts that Rags lacked. Added to that, no one wanted to imagine Rags being swayed by one side more than the other.
And yet—aimlessness. The other Goblins hesitated. Noears grimaced.
“Chieftain must do something.”
“Why?”
Poisonbite rolled her eyes as someone asked that. Her voice was laced with open scorn.
“Because aimlessness is bad, stupid.”
“Really?”
She growled.
“Yes! Why we talking if not?”
She turned angrily to the speaker and her green face went white. Pyrite stood over the fire, crunching on a giant Barkeater Beetle. He waved at the group calmly.
Where had he come from? The other Goblins stared in shock. Pyrite had appeared without them really paying attention from across the camp. He’d snuck up on them like—like a mountain, always in plain sight, but never really noticed. He sat and all the Goblins edged away from him. All save for Redscar, who just looked wary.
“Chieftain is aimless.”
Pyrite’s voice hushed the other Goblins. He nodded and offered the giant beetle with huge mandibles around. No one wanted a bite. He went back to crunching as the beetle’s guts oozed out the back.
“Aimless. Young. No sex. Not Hob. Not warrior. Not going to war and not building base.”
He paused, having summarized the complaints of the others. They waited. Pyrite fished a wiggling leg out from between his teeth and crunched at it for a second.
“So what?”
Every eye was on him. Pyrite shook his head. A voice cackled—they realized Greybeard had appeared at their fire. The elderly Hob was sipping from his bowl and glancing at Pyrite. The former Goldstone Chieftain nodded.
“So what? Young is young. Aimless is temporary. Chieftain is Chieftain. Will grow.”
“So he says!”
Greybeard laughed into the thoughtful silence Pyrite’s words had caused. He clapped Pyrite on the back and the Hob grunted. The old Hob sighed.
“Wait and see? Is good plan if nothing coming!”
“But is?”
