4.39 G
Page 15
He flicked his hand and no one bought it for a second. Poisonbite narrowed her eyes.
“Rags beat your tribe.”
“Yes.”
“How?”
“Lots of arrows. Can’t dodge good. Plus—Garen Redfang. Good not to fight, I think.”
Pyrite steadily returned her gaze. He turned and bowed his head.
“Chieftain.”
Rags stood behind the Hob, small, looking pale. The other Goblins hesitated a second before getting to their feet. And she saw it. Rags stared at Pyrite, and then at the other Goblins.
“Not yet.”
She said the words bitterly. None of the other Goblins could look her in the eye. Save for Pyrite. He nodded and moved on.
“Chieftain, Humans are coming back. What to do?”
She blinked at him. The listening Goblins blinked at him. But Pyrite just waited, patiently as ever, for Rags’ orders.
The small Goblin hesitated. She scuffed at the ground.
“Should run.”
“Humans hunt.”
Pyrite pointed that out and she glared at him. Rags opened her mouth to tell him fighting was impossible, that Greydath had been the only one who could fight! Then her eyes caught something at Pyrite’s side. She stared.
“Broken axe.”
He blinked and looked down. The axe Rags had given him—her first gift to any of her followers after the raid with Tremborag—had broken. He lifted it and shrugged.
“Sorry.”
He handed it to her and Rags stared at the broken metal and wood. She looked around. The forest was full of trees. Tall ones. And yet, Greydath had toppled one in an instant. She stared at the fallen tree, and the Goblins saw something flicker across her face. The small Goblin was small. But then she smiled and she was a bit taller.
Their Chieftain turned to face the others and lifted the axe in her hands. She hefted it with a grunt and looked towards the trees.
“Get cutting. We do not run. We prepare.”
The Goblins looked at her and then at each other. Then they stood up. Pyrite spoke for all of them.
“Yes, Chieftain.”
 
—-
 
The next day, forty Rose Knights, Lady Bethal, and the Chevalier Thomast stopped in the same spot and saw the Goblins had not fled. If they had it wouldn’t have mattered; the Knights of the Petal were as adept at fighting on horseback as they were on foot. That they had to dismount to maneuver in the forest mattered not at all.
However, one thing had changed. Lady Bethal’s brows rose as she saw a few trees had been felled in the interior of the forest. And out of the wood the Goblins had built—
“A fortress.”
Thomast had healed from his wounds of yesterday, but still Bethal had refused to let him be first into combat. Should the Goblin with the greatsword appear again this time, he would be dealt with by others. The Rose Knights would surround the old Goblin and wear him down with numbers and magical artifacts instead. Only, it seemed that rather than send their champion out and base their strategy around him this time, the Goblins had been building.
A wall of wood, a mighty barricade from which Goblins could repel any attacking force. There were four such walls, each one twenty feet in height, forming a box amid the trees. There the Goblins had decided to make their stand, in their fortress of wood amid mud and snow. It was a worthy place to be besieged from. Bethal could spot more Goblins behind the walls, ready to hold it for as long as it took. She sighed and shook her head.
“How ingenious. They did that in one day? I would say it is commendable—but I won’t. Thomast? Destroy the walls.”
