4.39 G
Page 2
Poisonbite declared this as she sat with her unit of female Goblins around a fire. She had a few guests. Two Hobs from Tremborag’s faction, Noears, the Rockfall Chieftain, and Redscar. They were just guests. But that they were here, listening, was significant.
Each one had their own agendas. Noears, who was very intelligent and dangerous because of it, played with a spark of electricity, letting it crawl over his hands. The other Goblins looked around surreptitiously.
They were looking for Rags. Or Pyrite. The Goldstone Chieftain was staunchly loyal to her, which might be troublesome if he heard anything. Not that they were doing anything; they were just talking. But in Tremborag’s mountain, talk was dangerous enough.
Here it was…a sign of wariness. Noears flicked the spark into the fire, making it jump, and looked up.
“She is aimless, but not, I think, lost.”
The others nodded at that. Noears continued.
“She does not know whether to stay or go. This is a good place. But not what she wants. She wants to go south. But the Goblin Lord is there.”
“Dangerous.”
Redscar grunted. He wasn’t talkative. He flicked a dagger up and caught the blade between two fingers.
“Should go.”
He wanted to return to the High Passes. Noears scratched at the ragged holes where his ears had been and shrugged.
“Perhaps. But she is—”
He broke off as a Goblin that was known to be too talkative for his good passed by the fire. The other Goblins stared blankly at him and looked around the camp. No Rags. She was snoozing by her fire. And Pyrite? Sitting under one of the gargantuan trees by the lakeside.
Safe. Noears stuck a finger in his earhole and came out with some sticky earwax as he went on.
“Chieftain wants to go back. Goblin Lord is dangerous. So she waits. Not lost, but waiting. For right chance. Smart. I agree, which is why I follow her.”
The Rockfall Chieftain nodded at once. She was a supporter of Rags, which is why her listening here was good. All opinions mattered. But Poisonbite was restless. She was no Hob, but it was the opinion of those around the fire that she had the same rank as one. Just like Noears was the strongest [Mage] in the tribe by far—being small didn’t mean weak. Rags was an example of that.
“Still should do more. Build base here. Raid harder.”
She disliked only robbing travelers on the road, especially since they were growing fewer as of late. Redscar nodded his approval as did two of the Hobs. Noears frowned and looked around.
Rags? No sign of her. Pyrite was on his feet, breaking up a fight between a few Goblins. He grunted, but it was another Hob who spoke.
“Chieftain. Needs fight. Goblin Lord.”
A simple sentence, but one with nuance, as his jiggling leg indicated. The idea of fighting a Goblin Lord was of course, wrong, but if he was like what Garen Redfang had claimed, what other choice was there? He used dead Goblins, raised the dead. And he slaughtered Goblins who did not obey him.
“Should talk first.”
Noears was the first to dissent. Redscar glared, and the argument descended into infighting. It was just talk. They kept glancing over towards Rags, just to reassure themselves she was asleep. And now Pyrite was tending to a fire, sniffing hopefully at a stick of mushrooms roasting by it.
“Chieftain is young.”
“Yes. Needs help.”
Scoffing from other Goblins.
“Help? Like Garen Redfang? Another Chieftain? Two?”
Hand wave, claw clenched into fist. Subtlety, of course not the first interpretation, but a more nuanced answer.
“Not Redfang. But advisor. Someone strong.”
“She is not strong?”
“Not strong.”
