4.40 L
Page 16
“They don’t like chess, other games, talking, or hanging around upstairs, Lyonette. I guess I can’t blame them, since no one likes them. And no one will come here until they’re gone, which I know might not be a bad thing, but if they go now—”
“You want to be friends with them first?”
Lyonette rested her backside on the counter. Erin looked at her, shrugged, tried to laugh, and gave up.
“Not that. I don’t need to be friends with them, but I want them to understand me. I want to understand them, just a bit. Or—or I want them to leave and know how I feel about them. I’m just trying to tell them—I don’t know.”
Erin sighed, her shoulders slumping. She looked at Lyonette, worry in her eyes.
“If they disappear in the middle of the night Lyonette, or decide to try and find Rags or—or do anything, I think they’ll be killed. Zevara’s watching the inn—I can feel it. And I’m not sure the Halfseekers wouldn’t follow them either. And if they got around all of them, if they go back north—the Goblin Lord’s soldiers will kill them, right? They’re the enemy tribe.”
“Maybe. But they’re used to living alone, aren’t they? Don’t you think they’d prefer to find their own people?”
Carefully, Lyonette peeked at Erin. The young woman sighed.
“Probably. It’s just that I don’t think they know where Rags is. And…they’re lost, Lyonette. Lost. That’s what I get from them. I want to help them a bit. And I just don’t know if I can, or if they’re willing. I can’t understand them.”
“I think they understand more than they let on.”
“Yeah. Probably. But even if they do, that’s not the same as connecting with us, as liking us or—or getting to really know us.”
“Mm. Maybe they don’t want to. Have you thought about that?”
Erin looked up. Her gaze firmed a bit as she met Lyonette’s eyes.
“I have. And I don’t believe that. Rags wanted to know. I think these Goblins are just—afraid.”
Afraid? Only Erin would characterize them that way. Lyonette sat with her, not knowing what else to say.
“They’ll have to do something sometime. They’re already starting to eat less.”
“Yeah. I think it’ll end soon, one way or the other. Thanks for putting up with this, Lyonette. I know Mrsha’s…”
“Yes.”
Mrsha. She refused to eat downstairs anymore, and she had grown increasingly agitated as days went by. She refused to play with Lyonette, refused to give back Pisces’ wand—not that he’d tried hard to recover it—and Lyonette knew she was growing more upset. She might have tried to get Selys or Krshia to look after her, but Mrsha refused to go. She refused to leave and she refused to go anywhere near the Goblins.
Both girls were silent for a moment, and then Erin looked up.
“Thank you for all the help, Lyonette. Can you bear with it for a while longer? I think it won’t be long.”
“I can, don’t worry about me.”
“Thank you.”
Lyonette smiled. And she was telling the truth. But as she left Erin to sit by herself in the kitchen, she thought that she wasn’t the one Erin needed to be worried about. The inn had been empty for days, Drassi was afraid, Mrsha wouldn’t go downstairs or interact with Lyonette, and the Goblins were growing restless.
The Horns of Hammerad and Halfseekers barely came back except to eat and sleep, and sometimes not to eat. And the Antinium had been acting very odd lately. Especially the one who’d refused to eat his food. If they all started refusing to eat at Erin’s inn, how long could it stay open with almost no revenue?
Yes, she wasn’t the one Erin should be worried about. It was everyone else.
 
—-
 
