4.41 L
Page 6
Erin paused as she looked down at the white Gnoll sitting by her feet. Mrsha wasn’t looking at anyone and she was trembling slightly. She looked at Lyonette and nodded.
“Okay.”
She stepped gingerly towards the trap door, keeping an eye out for fragments as Lyonette washed her hands in a bucket of water and then looked at Mrsha.
“Come with me, young lady.”
The Gnoll flinched and followed Lyonette upstairs to their room. Once there, Lyonette sat, heart pounding, as Mrsha sat near her bed and pretended to be very interested in the covers.
How was she supposed to do this? She didn’t remember her mother ever sitting her down like this. Her father—his disapproval had been frightening, but he’d never really talked to her one-on-one before. And yet, Lyonette had never done something like this. She’d caused trouble, but it had been her [Tutors] and other guardians who had taken her to task for it. But this?
She did what she could. Lyonette spoke, voice trembling but trying to sound stern rather than heartbroken.
“That was a very bad thing that happened to Erin, don’t you think, Mrsha? She looked like she was really hurt.”
The Gnoll glanced up at Lyonette, and then away, swiftly. Lyonette paused.
“It looked like it hurt. It was very bad. Wasn’t it?”
The Gnoll nodded slowly. She still wouldn’t meet Lyonette’s gaze. That was what broke the girl’s heart. Oh, if only she could blame it on the Goblins or anyone else. But Mrsha was a poor liar. She folded her arms and tried not to let the stinging in her eyes become tears. It wasn’t right what she’d done. It wasn’t right, but Lyonette understood it.
“Do you know anything about this?”
The Gnoll shook her head half-heartedly. Lyonette paused, gulped, and raised her voice.
“Mrsha, look at me.”
Reluctantly, she did. Lyonette met her gaze, her fingernails digging into her arm.
“Do you know anything about this?”
The Gnoll looked away. That was an answer. Lyonette paused.
“Erin was in a lot of pain because of that, Mrsha. She could have been hurt worse. What if she’d stepped on the shards and one broke off in her foot? She’d need a [Healer] to cut it out of her, then.”
Mrsha began to tremble in place. Lyonette felt her heart breaking and stopped because she couldn’t go on.
“Maybe it wasn’t meant for her. Maybe that—trap—was meant for someone else. Like the Goblins. Well, if it was, it still wouldn’t be nice, understand?”
Something changed. Mrsha’s head slowly rose. She stared at Lyonette, and the guilt and sadness in her eyes dried up. Lyonette realized she might have chosen the wrong words.
“Mrsha. Hurting the Goblins isn’t right. Understand? You can’t—”
Mrsha’s hair was rising. She sat up straighter, and glared at Lyonette. The Human girl hesitated.
“I know how you must be feeling—”
Wrong words. Mrsha looked away from Lyonette and the young woman snapped.
“Mrsha! You can’t harm the Goblins! These are Erin’s guests and they’re all Hobs, understand? If you cause trouble, I will punish you. In fact, I’m already punishing you—no lunch!”
The Gnoll looked back towards Lyonette and now her eyes were glaring. Lyonette glared back.
“No lunch, and it’ll be water and bread for dinner unless you go to Erin and apologize, understand? And if I ever catch you doing that again—are you listening?”
Mrsha reluctantly turned back towards Lyonette. Her ears were flat, her eyes alight with anger. The Goblins. Lyonette wavered between compassion and anger, and lost.
