4.42 L
Page 0

The inn was tense silence. Erin’s heart was in pieces over Mrsha, and she was afraid for Ksmvr, confused about the Antinium. She looked at Badarrow, bleeding, expressionless, and her heart broke in a different way. And then there was the bee.
Apista fanned her wings dangerously as she slowly extended her stinger on her abdomen. Erin stared at the Ashfire Bee coldly.
“Sting me and Lyonette will have to sweep you up, Apista. Understand?”
The air around her froze and the bee hesitated. Slowly it withdrew its stinger and flew off Erin’s arm. It landed on a table and hid behind a mug. Erin nodded. She took a deep breath.
“Okay. Everyone? Freeze.”
It wasn’t so much the words as the atmosphere that came with it. A chill and a pause swept through the inn, which halted the adventurers, the Antinium, and the Goblins where they stood or sat and drew every eye to Erin. She nodded.
“Good. Now, the first person who moves I will personally break their arm. No one stands, draws a sword, or does anything until I say they can. Got it? Good.”
She looked around. The room was quiet. Erin bent and went to Lyonette.
“Lyonette?”
The young woman was crying.
“I had to—I couldn’t—”
“I know. But Badarrow’s fine. Lyonette, look at me.”
The [Princess] did, eyes red, nose dribbling. Erin gripped her arms.
“Go upstairs.”
“But—”
“You don’t have to go into the room. Just sit outside it and make sure Mrsha doesn’t go anywhere, okay? Can you do that?”
Lyonette hesitated, and then brushed at her nose. That only made things worse.
“I—I can. Okay.”
She got up slowly. Erin looked around. Next? Goblins. Antinium. The Goblins were staring. She pointed at Drassi and the Drake flinched.
“Healing potion, Drassi! Give it to Badarrow. Now, as for you—”
She turned to the tableau of frozen Antinium. All three of them stared at her as she walked over. Ksmvr had the tip of his shortsword jammed into Yellow Splatters’ side. A trickle of green blood was running down the length of the blade. Erin stared at Ksmvr.
“Put your sword down.”
He hesitated.
“Miss Erin—”
“I said, down, Ksmvr. Bow as well.”
He reluctantly obeyed. The other two Soldiers shifted when he did. Yellow Splatters began to raise his fist and Purple Smile tried to slide away across the wall. Erin stamped her foot and there was a localized tremor. The Antinium went still.
“You three, sit. Now.”
They looked at her, confused. Erin stared at them. There was a…look in her eyes. A suggestion that she might be willing to beat all three to death with her bare hands if she was not obeyed. The look of a Prognugator of a Hive.
“I said, sit.”
All three Antinium sat down. The two Soldiers and Ksmvr looked up at Erin from their cross-legged positions on the floor. She eyed them but decided not to comment.
“Good. Now, keep sitting. If any of you three move, I will have Moore come over and hit you. And if that doesn’t work, I’ll get Jelaqua to do it.”
She nodded at the Halfseekers. They stared at her. Erin flashed them a smile and walked over to the Goblins.
“I am very, very sorry about what Mrsha did.”
She said that to Badarrow first off. He stared at her and his face twisted into a sneer reminiscent of Pisces. He had already poured healing potion into his ear and was tilting his head to hold it in. Erin hoped his eardrum hadn’t been punctured or if it had, the healing potion would fix it. She looked at him and around the table.
“I mean it. That was inexcusable and shouldn’t have happened in my inn. You have my word she won’t do it again.”
