4.42 L
Page 4
“Why did you buy this if you cannot play it? It seems like a waste of money, yes?”
“I thought I could learn! I want music, Ishkr, and I don’t want to pay for a [Bard] or something. If I could teach myself—”
“Why not let me play?”
“Wait, you know how to play?”
Erin stared at the Gnoll in disbelief. Ishkr looked embarrassed and scratched behind one ear as Lyonette and Drassi passed out strong drinks for everyone.
“I play a bit. Not this instrument, but I have earned coins doing it before. Hrr. Ahem. This is similar to instruments I know, though. Still.”
He frowned at the guitar, looking at it dubiously.
“Why not an oud, or a mandolin? I’ve played a gittern, but this?”
Ishkr poked the guitar with one claw, looking dubious. Erin stared at him anxiously.
“I have no idea what those other things are. Most of the music from my country is on this…well, I guess there’s the violin, cello, and so on. Ukuleles…look, if you can play this, that’d be great.”
“Hrr. I can try.”
The Gnoll lifted the guitar and slung the strap around his shoulder. He strummed across the strings, making a sound that Erin hadn’t been able to after ten minutes of trying. Erin gasped with delight and hurried into the kitchen. Lyonette stared as Ishkr played a chord quickly and easily.
“Don’t your claws get in the way?”
Ishkr smiled at her.
“They do. I cut them short, but I’ve also learned to play with them. Many Gnoll instruments are made to be easier for my people to play anyways, though. And this is one.”
“Oh. No wonder Erin couldn’t play it.”
“Hrm? What? Humans could play it without much difficulty. Perhaps she is just, ah—”
He broke off as Erin came out of the kitchen. She had a bit of parchment in one hand and thrust it at him anxiously.
“I tried to write down songs in my spare time. Good ones from home. I can remember the lyrics, but the notes—I uh, I think I’ve gotten it mostly down. Could you—could you try playing this?”
Ishkr accepted the parchment and studied it. After a second he looked up.
“This—is not music, Miss Erin. I cannot read it.”
“What? No, it’s good music! Pop songs! Why can’t you play it?”
The Gnoll looked incredulously at her, and then shifted the parchment and pointed at a section.
“It says here…twang, twang, higher-pitched twang? How am I supposed to play that?”
Erin turned bright red and snatched the parchment back from him. Across the inn, a Goblin laughed out loud and then fell silent as everyone stared at him. But the laughter was good.
“I’m not good with music, okay? Look, how about this? Can you play something like—”
She hummed, and Ishkr tried to copy the sound. Erin broke off.
“No, not like that. Do it more like—double the sound here. Good! And make it lower. Longer—don’t glare at me! I know how it should sound in my head! Try another string. No, not that string. This string!”
As she argued with Ishkr, Lyonette went around the room, trying to serve the three different groups in the room and praying none of them would cause trouble. Surprisingly…they didn’t. The Antinium were sitting in a kind of meditative silence, Purple Smile and Yellow Splatters sitting and staring at each other and at Erin. Yellow Splatters had his arms folded, but he didn’t look like he was going to start another fight. He looked like he was sulking, actually.
