4.43
Page 15
“Go on. Or Mrsha will eat it. Mrsha, no. You’re getting your own. See? Ishkr has it right there. Be a good girl and sit down. Not on the table.”
The Gnoll did, patting the table happily as Ishkr gave her a fork and warned her not to eat fast since the soufflé was hot. Grudgingly, Ilvriss emulated Mrsha’s example. He was clearly trying to eat just so he could disparage Erin’s cooking, but soon he was scraping the bowl with his fork.
“Not…bad. I will have another.”
“Really? Good! Hey, when you go to Pallass, I wonder if I can find a way to make the door transport a bunch of people at once. I bet the Drakes there haven’t had anything like my cooking!”
Ilvriss coughed, looking somewhat more alert after what might have been his first meal of the day. He hesitated as he glanced towards the magical door.
“Pallass. Yes. I forgot how inconvenient that might be.”
“What?”
Erin looked at him. The Wall Lord grimaced.
“The Courier is not the issue. It is…personal. As a Wall Lord of another Walled City, my entering Pallass will result in political strife. I have enemies who would impede me.”
“Oh. There are jerks in Pallass too, huh?”
“It is amazing how your crude Human expressions come so close to the truth.”
Ilvriss sighed. He looked at the second soufflé and poked at the puffy crust with his fork. Mrsha waved for a second one and Ishkr sighed again.
“Well, I will not have to worry about that issue for a few days at least. Enough time to make preparations.”
He began to bite into his meal. Erin saw Pisces sit up.
“Pardon me, but you said a few days? How far is Pallass exactly? Most maps I ah, have read refuse to give the exact distance as a matter of Drake security.”
The Lord of the Wall might have been persuaded to talk to Erin and Mrsha, but he clearly wasn’t happy about being addressed by Humans. He gave Pisces an arch look which the [Mage] returned and grudgingly replied.
“About the same distance as Invrisil. Four hundred miles give or take. More like three hundred and eighty.”
“Whoa. That’s far. You sure a Courier can get there in a few days and not…weeks?”
Erin was hazy on distances, but three hundred and eighty miles seemed like a lot of distance to cover even if you had a car. Ilvriss sighed and cast his eyes to the ceiling.
“The average Courier can outdistance a horse over the course of a day, regardless of whether they could outrun one in a race. It will not take the Courier long. Hawk, I believe his name is.”
“Hold on, not long?”
Jelaqua frowned. She too had come alive with food and she was eating her fifth soufflé. Erin hadn’t made that many and she was worrying Ishkr was running out in the kitchen. The Selphid began counting on her fingers.
“A mounted rider with an able mount can travel up to sixty miles per day without Skills. So that means it’d take…six days? Seven?”
Ilvriss sneered over his cup at Jelaqua.
“I said horse, not horse and rider. And Hawk is a veteran [Courier], not some City Runner who has barely achieved the rank but still has the [Runner] class. He is able to travel over a hundred miles in a day.”
Erin stared at Ilvriss.
“So it’ll take four days for him to get to Pallass. Maybe three. You know, you could just say that and not be a jerk about it.”
The Wall Lord growled at her. Mrsha poked him with a claw. He stared incredulously at the Gnoll and then glared at Erin.
“Why are you sitting here?  I am used to the dignity and space my station deserves. Were Peslas serving me, I would feel far more comfortable.”
“You’re staying at the Tailless Thief?”
Erin’s brows rose. Ilvriss smiled.
