4.43
Page 16
“Indeed. It is the only acceptable inn in the entire city.”
The [Innkeeper] shrugged.
“If you say so. I thought Peslas was kind of a jerk when I met him, though. But then, he’s sort of like you.”
“Stop calling me that!”
Ilvriss’ left eye began to twitch. Erin grinned at him, and then frowned seriously.
“But he really is one. You know, the Halfseekers were staying at his inn until he kicked them out. Just because Jelaqua’s a Selphid and Moore’s big.”
The Lord of the Wall looked up. Jelaqua waved at him and raised her voice.
“We don’t mind! We’re used to it. Besides, here is nicer. Oi, Ishkr! More soufflés! Give me three more! Moore and I are hungry!”
The Drake eyed the Halfseekers and looked troubled for the first time.
“Peslas ejected them? He should not have done that. I am familiar with the Halfseekers. A Gold-rank team that has featured two Drakes among their number. You there, Selphid.”
Jelaqua looked up, spoon halfway to her mouth.
“Me? I have a name. It’s Jelaqua.”
“Ivirith the Tempest. I recall. What became of two of your number? You had a Scorchling in your ranks a few years ago. Halassia Evergleam. What became of her?”
The Halfseekers paused and all three looked up. Moore’s face twisted and he bowed his head. Seborn looked at Ilvriss as Jelaqua glanced at the Redfang Goblins who had paused in their seats. That was all the answer Ilvriss needed. He bowed his head.
“I see. I trust her remains were sent back to her family?”
“They didn’t want them. We buried her ourselves.”
There was a strained note in Jelaqua’s voice. She stared at Ilvriss. Erin looked from her to the Wall Lord. She felt like she shouldn’t ask, but she had to.
“Um…what’s a Scorchling?”
“A half-Drake.”
Seborn answered for both of them. The Drowned Man gulped down another glass of water as he spoke, his deep and echoing voice somber.
“They’re a kind of Oldblood Drake. Only, the way their heritage manifests isn’t in wings or the ability to breath fire. They’re born burnt by the fires within them. Most die with their mothers, but the few who survive live with their curse. The fire in their bodies makes their scales flake off, and causes them pain. Scorchlings are half-Drake and half ash, or so it’s said. In truth, they’re just people with a curse.”
“Shunned.”
Moore spoke the one word and closed his eyes. Ilvriss nodded.
“They are. But some make a name for themselves even so. I knew of Halassia. She was born in Salazsar. That she considered you her allies, and that you took her in—I remembered your name, Halfseekers. For the kindness you offered Halassia when her kin would not, I thank you.”
He bowed his head, surprising everyone again. Erin looked at him.
“You don’t think Scorchlings are cursed?”
He glared at her.
“Half-Drake, you mean? Do I look like I’m afraid of ancient curses or believe in that superstition? No. And even if I did—half a Drake is still worth more than any Human, Gnoll, or any other species in this world. I personally believe such children cursed by our blood have the heart of true Drakes and should be treated as such.”
His little speech caused a hush, and made the Halfseekers look at him differently. Erin too. She leaned over and whispered to Mrsha.
“Now I can’t tell if he’s a jerk or just pretending.”
The Gnoll nodded. Ilvriss stared at both of them.
“I am going to leave now. Unexpectedly tolerable as this inn may be, I prefer the company of my own kind.”
He rose, rummaging at his money pouch. Erin interrupted him.
“Oh come on. You have to stay for dessert at least. I was going to save it for dinner, but—Ishkr! Bring out the cake!”
