4.43
Page 0

“I’m going into the city now. Do you want to come or stay?”
The next day, Lyonette was sitting in front of Mrsha, talking to her. The small white Gnoll was chewing on the tip of her wand and looked up curiously at her. Lyonette went on.
“The Horns of Hammerad are resting. Ceria got bit badly on the leg and butt yesterday and no one wants to do much after the party, so the Halfseekers might be here all day too. You can stay with them or come with me. Which is it?”
Mrsha rolled backwards and then slumped onto her side, accidentally jabbing the inside of her mouth with the tip of the wand. She yelped and Lyonette sighed.
“I told you not to play with that! Give it here, Mrsha. You can’t keep—”
The Gnoll scuttled away from Lyonette, holding her wand possessively. She glanced at Lyonette and after a moment, shook her head and pointed to the floor.
“You want to stay here? You’re sure?”
Mrsha hesitated. But then she nodded. Lyonette smiled a bit.
Progress. After yesterday, it seemed like she could leave the inn without Mrsha coming with her. The Gnoll seemed secure if she was around the adventurers, especially Jelaqua and Moore who doted on her. It felt like all the anxiety and stress everyone had been under was a memory of months ago, rather than yesterday. Lyonette was grateful for that beyond words.
But there were still things she had to put her foot down on. She and Mrsha had done a lot of reconciling since yesterday, but one thing had to change.
“No more wand. Come on, give it here.”
She held out her hand. Mrsha clutched the magical artifact worth hundreds or thousands of gold pieces to her chest and shook her head rapidly. Lyonette sighed.
“Mrsha, I know you like biting it. But it doesn’t bother you where that wand has been?”
The Gnoll paused as she put the tip into her mouth and stared at Lyonette. Clearly, soap and water cured all ills in her book. She shook her head and darted back as Lyonette tried to grab the wand.
“I’m sorry, but you’re still not keeping it! Come here, missy!”
A short chase and struggle later, Mrsha was reaching for the wand and making unhappy sounds as Lyonette walked downstairs. She walked over to a table where the Horns of Hammerad were relaxing in good spirits and plonked down the wand in front of a surprised Pisces.
“Here. Your wand. Please don’t let Mrsha take it again.”
Pisces stared askance at the wand which was wet with drool. He picked it up gingerly with two fingers and stared at Mrsha. The Gnoll stared back.
It had become either a game or a contest between the two over possession of the wand. Pisces would keep it every time Lyonette managed to wrest it out of Mrsha’s paws, and the Gnoll would try everything in her power to steal it back. She’d hide under tables, try sneaking into his room at night—her latest trick had involved ambushing Pisces right as he left the outhouse.
The game amused Mrsha and Pisces, but not Lyonette. She glared at the [Mage]. He smiled at her.
“I shall endeavor to keep it out of young Mrsha’s possession, Miss Lyonette.”
“Don’t endeavor. Try.”
She turned away before Pisces could tell her that was what he’d said. He couldn’t ruin her good spirits. She found another group sitting at a table and gingerly approached.
“Miss Jelaqua?”
“Kill me.”
The Selphid was draped over the table, groaning audibly. She winced as Mrsha hopped onto the table and patted her head. Jelaqua sat up with a wince as Mrsha pulled a bit at the stitching around her head.
