4.43
Page 6
“I understand your magical door connects to the Human city of Celum, a hundred miles north of here. I wonder if it could be attuned to another location?”
“You mean, another city? Sure. I was planning on getting it to link to Invrisil, but then there was that Goblin Lord business…why, do you want to take a trip somewhere?”
Ilvriss nodded, and several of his adjutants murmured as he straightened.
“I am in need of rapid transportation, Human. Obviously I am reluctant to ask your ki—I would like to make a trip to my home city, of Salazsar at all speed. How quickly can you connect your door to that location?”
Erin blinked at the Wall Lord.
“Salazsar? Oh…that’s one of the Walled Cities, right?”
She’d assumed nothing could make Ilvriss more irate, but that off-hand remark seemed to drive his annoyance with her to another level. He opened his mouth, closed it, and then replied as his tail thrashed the ground angrily.
“Salazsar is the premier Walled City, the hub of Drake civilization and an icon of the continent you ignorant—ape!”
“Fine. No need to be rude about it. Okay, how far away is it?”
Her cavalier attitude seemed to be stumping Ilvriss. He paused.
“Does that matter?”
Erin nodded.
“Yeah. You see, my door can only go as far as Invrisil in terms of distance and even then, it’d only be able to transport one person at a time and it would take a day to recharge each time.”
The news elicited a groan from the Drakes behind Ilvriss. The Wall Lord frowned.
“Really? Is there no way of improving upon the enchantment?”
“Nope. At least, Typhenous and Pisces didn’t think so. I could probably recharge it fast if I had mana stones, but that doesn’t mean I can make it go further.”
Ilvriss glanced over his shoulder at one of his aides. The female Drake was doing calculations on an abacus, which intrigued Erin. She glanced up at the Wall Lord and nodded.
“That would save us at least a week of travelling, Wall Lord, not to mention the dangers of the journey.”
“Very well.”
He grunted and turned back to Erin.
“If the limit of your door is to Invrisil…that puts it at around four hundred miles…then I request it be linked to Pallass. That is a Walled City, Human.”
“I knew that! I think. And I’d be okay with that, Mr. Rude Drake, but I can’t do it just like that.”
Erin glared at Ilvriss. He glared back.
“Why not?”
“Because…I need to put an anchor at the place I want to go before my door can connect to it. So, sorry, but until I get someone to run all the way to Pallass or Invrisil, I can’t make the door connect anywhere else. I was going to get a Courier to do it, but then the Goblin Lord appeared and…”
Erin shrugged helplessly. Ilvriss rubbed at his face and growled.
“Ancestors preserve me. The door needs an anchor? Very well, I will employ the Courier in this city to take whatever this…anchor is. I assume it is not heavy, or at least, portable via a bag of holding?”
“Oh, it’s really small. But I already asked Hawk and he said—”
“I don’t care what he said! He will begin his journey this day on my orders, threat of Goblins or not! I am a Lord of the Wall, not some [Innkeeper] with a few gold coins!”
Ilvriss snapped at Erin. She raised her hands.
“Well excuse me. It’s just my door that you want to use. What if I said no?”
By now their discussion had attracted a few people who were watching with interest.. Ilvriss’ jaw worked silently as he glared at Erin.
“You are in no position to refuse—”
“My inn, my rules. I’ll let you use the door if you ask nicely.”
