4.43
Page 7
Erin folded her arms and smirked. Ilvriss looked like he was swallowing his tongue. Olesm was doubled over and clutching at his stomach, much to the concern of the Drakes around him. When Ilvriss did find his voice, it was strangled with the effort of restraining himself.
“I will send one of my people to the building you call an inn. Give them whatever instructions you need. And when the door is connected to Pallass, I expect to be the first person through. If not, I will ensure you regret it.”
There was nothing to really say to that. Erin stuck out her tongue and Ilvriss recoiled as if it were a snake. He took a step back, closed his eyes, and took a deep breath. Then he turned and snapped at his escort.
“Come. We’re returning to the Tailless Thief. At least there the innkeeper knows how to treat people above his station with respect. Swifttail, with me.”
He beckoned and Olesm reluctantly trotted over. The [Tactician] glanced apologetically at Erin as Ilvriss began to walk off. Erin could hear the Wall Lord speaking loudly as he walked.
“I appreciate you not gagging in front of the Human. I understand the reaction, but they do become hard to deal with.”
He clapped Olesm on the shoulder and Erin scowled at Ilvriss’ back. She cupped her hands to her mouth and shouted at him.
“Hey! You’re a jerk, you know that?”
Her voice, amplified by her [Loud Voice] Skill, echoed down the street. Ilvriss froze mid-step and the people around Erin gaped at her. She looked around and shrugged.
“What? Someone had to tell him.”
Ilvriss stormed back down the street, furious. Erin waited until he was close and then spoke.
“You’re also drunk and smelly, by the way. You shouldn’t wear so much cologne. It stinks.”
“I should cut you down for your insolence. Were you in a Walled City, I could have you flogged for your tongue!”
“Really? Well guess what? You’re not in one, and unless you want to walk the rest of the way back, you’d better be nice to me!”
Erin shot back. Ilvriss rumbled in his chest.
“I could confiscate that door—”
“Try it! If you do I’ll hit you with another pan, you jerk! And I have Gold-rank adventurers in my inn! And evil Goblins! Lots of them! You won’t take my door alive! I’ll help you, but only because I don’t want you around, got that?”
Erin shouted back at the Wall Lord. He looked ready to throttle her, and Olesm and another Drake had to hold Ilvriss back. She grinned at him, and privately thought she’d pushed her luck as far as she could. Erin turned.
“Smell you later!”
“Don’t walk away from me! I am a Lord of the Wall! You do not leave without my consent!”
Ilvriss roared at her back. Erin turned and stuck her tongue out again.
“Oh yeah? Watch me!”
She began to walk away, faster this time. Ilvriss tore himself loose of his escort and charged after her.
“You do not walk away from a Lord of the Wall. I depart, and you wait. Stop, I command you!”
There was something incredibly sad about the way he tried to bar Erin’s path. She danced around him and he blocked her. And then Ilvriss pointed.
“I said stop.”
He used a Skill. It had to be one, because his aides, the people on the street, and Erin’s own feet immediately halted in place. She froze, and felt Ilvriss’ command holding her still. It lasted for all of two seconds, until Erin got mad.
“You don’t order me around!”
