4.43
Page 14
“It was. Do not interrupt! It was my fault. Perhaps we were all at fault for underestimating our foes. Perhaps. But while Shivertail may have been the highest-level warrior there, I am most at fault. For I am a Lord of the Wall. When I fail, my failure is greater than any other. Thus I take responsibility. If you have any hatred, any regrets for what transpired, know that I am to blame.”
He sat straight and tall, both apologetic and proud at the same time. Mrsha uncurled to look at him and Erin closed her mouth. She frowned at Ilvriss.
“You keep saying you’re a Lord of the Wall. But what does that really mean? You’re a [Lord] in one of the Walled Cities, right? Is that really that special?”
Ilvriss’ eyes flashed.
“More than special! We are nobility whose lineage extends back to the age of Ancestors, of Dragons! We built the Walled Cities with their help, to shelter our people. And though millennia have passed, my role is the same. To lead and inspire Drakes, to defend our home from any invaders, to pass justice as I see fit, to hold others of my station accountable. It is an honor, a calling, and a privilege. That is what it means to be Lord of the Wall.”
There was a brief silence after he had finished. Then a lapping. Mrsha tilted her mug and slurped loudly. Ilvriss looked at her. Erin rested her chin on her hands.
“So if you’re that important, why did you come all the way to Liscor? Shouldn’t you be at your Walled City, defending it?”
The Drake hesitated. He bowed his head.
“Yes. I should be. But I came here searching for the truth. The truth which your Runner friend hid. And which…I have now uncovered. Ah. Periss.”
He slumped again, and Erin saw Pisces look up at his table speculatively. She wondered what she should do, but it was Mrsha who padded over on the table and awkwardly patted Ilvriss on the shoulder. He stared at her and she sat by him, sipping from her mug.
“It sounds like she was really special to you.”
“She was. She was glorious, brave, a fine officer and more. If I had known….”
Perhaps it was the drink, perhaps it was the absurdity of it. Ilvriss sat and drank his honeyed milk. Erin pulled her chair up to the table and patted his shoulder as the Drake bent over his mug.
“Come on, tell me all about it.”
He did. It was a confusing story, full of forbidden romance with a subordinate, chance meetings, battlefield exploits and close calls. And sex. Erin carefully put her hands over Mrsha’s ears when Ilvriss got to any lewdness. He was drunk and not a good storyteller, despite what he might have believed, but one thing was clear.
He had loved her. And now she was gone. Ilvriss finished one mug of milk, and then two and Mrsha matched him for every sip. And when he had finished, Erin sat with him and patted his shoulder.
“I’ll get you back to Pallass. Don’t you worry.”
“I—thank you. I have no remains to inter, but I must notify her family in person and—and see to fitting funeral arrangements.”
Ilvriss stared at the table. He looked so wretched that Erin called for some food. Mrsha wagged her tail. Ilvriss looked up as Ishkr brought him lunch.
“What is this?”
“Soufflé. It’s egg and cheese and carrot and…it’s good, okay? Hot, too.”
“There is no way you could have made it quickly. Unless—is the Gnoll a [Chef]?”
“Nope. I’m the cook around here. But I have a food preservation skill. Go on, try it.”
“Human cooking? I think I’ll pass—”
Ilvriss’ stomach rumbled as he pushed away the bowl. He stared at Erin and she grinned at him.
