4.43
Page 11
“I see. But if it is so useful, why have your family not appointed more? Surely it would help your kingdom. What stays their paws…hands?”
“Trust, perhaps.”
Lyonette looked wistfully up at the ceiling. She shook her head in response to Krshia’s confusion.
“It’s just…you see, it’s so political back home. If my family gave a [Merchant] a royal blessing and he started working for another country, or denounced our kingdom, it would be a scandal, you see. And it’s not as if my family meets with many ordinary people that often. Not that I think you’re ordinary! I…”
“I know what you mean. So. That is what you offer and it is for me to accept or not. From what you say the risk is small. However.”
Krshia got up and walked back and forth for a few seconds. Lyonette looked at her anxiously, regretting opening her mouth. Why had she said that? And yet—she remembered Brunkr and couldn’t regret offering.
At last, Krshia slowed. She sat down heavily in front of Lyonette and looked around. Lyonette did too. Krshia’s apartment wasn’t large, but it was comfortable, and showed many years of care and hard work. The [Barmaid] remembered that Krshia had apparently come to Liscor decades ago to work.
“It has been long, and I have worked hard to get to where I am. I lost much.”
Krshia raised her paw to forestall Lyonette.
“Much. Material goods and money…but I received a gift far greater than that in return from Ryoka Griffin. I do not begrudge you that. As for my nephew, I ache. Now I must rebuild, and yet I asked myself the other day whether it was worth trying, if I had the strength to do so another time. And now a gift is offered, unprompted. Would I be a fool not to take it?”
Lyonette held her breath. The Gnoll nodded.
“All things change. This is what we Gnolls know. To stay the same is to be a fool. So you offer and I respond thusly: yes. Lyonette, if you will give me a blessing, a royal title, I would accept with gratitude.”
She stared at the [Princess], and Lyonette stood. She trembled with nerves as much as anything else. She raised a hand and Krshia looked up.
“Hrr. Should I kneel?”
“No. I can…no. I just need to say a few words.”
Lyonette took a few breaths. She felt…she remembered staring at a Gnoll’s back, her legs and arms covered in sweat, holding a sword and feeling the skin of her palms sting. She blinked, and Krshia was looking up at her, waiting. Lyonette spoke, and felt a shiver as the words spun out from her heart. Ancient words. Familiar words. True words.
“I, Lyonette du Marquin do solemnly grant you, Krshia Silverfang and whatever business you pursue my royal favor, now and unto perpetuity. You who have forgiven when we did not deserve it. You, whose kin we called friend however briefly. You, who have lost much—we offer our small blessing. Let the world know you are favored and that favor grant you all the riches you wish for.”
She reached out and touched Krshia on the brow. The Gnoll bowed her head and Lyonette waited a second. Then she withdrew her hand. It was over.
“Did it…work?”
She looked at Krshia. The Gnoll blinked and touched the spot on her head, wrinkling her brows. She rolled her shoulders and sniffed the air and looked at Lyonette, tilting her head from side to side and shrugging.
“Hrm. I do not know. I do not feel different. But perhaps…let me sleep on it.”
