4.43
Page 8
She felt a flicker in her chest, a…feeling. It was like when she’d used her own [Inn’s Aura] Skill, or resisted Magnolia’s charmed voice. Erin reached inside herself and pushed back. It was very hard, but she began to move her feet. Ilvriss gaped at her as Erin laboriously began to walk again.
“How are you—stop! I command you!”
He pushed again, but Erin was ready and pushed back. Her feet kept moving and Erin began running away. It was very hard to resist Ilvriss’ command and she decided she’d had enough. Time to go back to the inn. Unfortunately, Ilvriss didn’t know when to quit.
“Halt! I will not be disobeyed!”
The street was frozen as the Wall Lord chased after the Human girl. She ran, making rude gestures at Ilvriss as he unsteadily staggered and shouted at her. Olesm, halted in mid-stride, could only stare at Ilvriss’ back as the two disappeared down the street. It was over a minute before his limbs could move again.
On the whole he reflected, that had not been one of Ilvriss’ finest moments. But he also had to admit, it had been incredibly funny. Olesm giggled to himself as Ilvriss’ aides debated going after him in hushed voices. He was in a good mood today. Or maybe he’d just had too much to drink already.
It was probably the latter.
 
—-
 
“Why would a Lord of the Wall want to speak with Erin Solstice? It is curious how many famous and powerful people she attracts, is it not?”
Krshia shook her head as she refilled Lyonette’s cup. The Human girl sat tensely in her seat across from the Gnoll and nodded.
“It is. But Erin’s…special. I think she can handle him.”
“True. But I hope whatever he wants does not lead to another incident. Erin Solstice is adept at causing those as well.”
Krshia shook her head as she sipped at her tea. She picked up a cube of meat and popped it into her mouth, and then offered Lyonette the bowl. The girl eyed it and reluctantly took a cube. She bit into it and her face changed.
“This is good!”
“You think so? Truly?”
“Yes! I mean, I don’t eat raw meat because it leads to disease. Not that I’m saying this meat is bad, but us Humans—”
“Yes, I know of your customs.”
Krshia smiled, interrupting Lyonette’s babbling. She nodded at the bowl.
“Be at ease. We Gnolls know how to prepare such food. We ensure it is clean and prepared correctly. You need not have any if you are uncomfortable.”
“No—I’ll have some more.”
Lyonette helped herself to another cube, making Krshia smile. That mattered to the young woman. She shifted.
“I wonder if I could make it. Or take some for Mrsha? I’d like her to have her people’s food to eat. Erin makes great food, but the taste of home…”
“Hmm. It is not good to transport such food, but I could teach you the recipe. And you could bring Mrsha here more often. It would be good to teach her more of our ways. Although she was born to a tribe that lived in the wilderness…she may know more than I do of some things.”
Krshia sipped at her tea and Lyonette nodded. The girl paused as she sipped from her cup. It was hard to forget how she’d been raised—she was acutely aware of her posture and the way she held her teacup. She felt as though she were back in court, sipping tea with nobility. Only, there was no such thing as a Gnoll [Lady]. That was a pity.
How strange life could be. Lyonette looked at Krshia, and remembered the sensation of being grabbed by a huge paw, staring into the Gnoll’s eyes and seeing huge fangs as a stall burned behind her. She was ashamed of that. But now she was sitting in said Gnoll’s apartment. The same place where her nephew had lived. Where Brunkr had…
