4.43
Page 2
Ksmvr was dodging back and forth while Yvlon struck at him with a crude wooden practice sword. He had two wooden swords as well, although both were wearing what armor they possessed. As Erin and Lyonette watched, he leapt up into the air, incredibly high.
“Whoa!”
The Ring of Jumping let Ksmvr soar upwards. Erin and Lyonette heard a voice from above.
“Oh. Hello Ksmvr. How are you d—”
Bird didn’t get a chance to finish. The Antinium landed behind Yvlon and lashed out. But she, forewarned by the jump, was already stepping forwards. She poked Ksmvr in the chest and he raised his swords.
“I have died again.”
“Stop saying that. I keep telling you, it’s ‘lost’. And you did well. If you could just jump less high, I wouldn’t have time to react. As it is, you’re a target.”
“I agree. Unfortunately, I miscalculated. I had intended to land on your head.”
“Please don’t do that. My helmet might not survive the impact. My head definitely won’t.”
The two disappeared as Erin and Lyonette walked down the hill. Both girls had to work hard not to slip in the slushy snow. Erin wobbled as she walked in her thick winter boots.
“Whoa! Slippery. It’s really getting warmer, isn’t it? Only, there’s so much snow that it’s still not melting.”
“True. It’ll probably be a week or two before it melts. But I can feel a layer of water underneath now. And if I walk into some of the valleys, I’ll be waist-deep in water and drenched before I blink.”
Lyonette made a face as she walked. Erin nodded.
“Yeah. According to Olesm, it’ll get worse when it starts to rain. I can’t imagine what that’s like. I guess you won’t be harvesting any more honey, right? I mean, putting them to sleep is one thing, but the snow’s your emergency fallback. I don’t think I’d be okay with you not having a way to get away if the faerie flowers don’t work.”
“Maybe. I was thinking there might be another way to distract the bees in case something bad happens. A distraction—something Octavia might have. I’m going to ask her about it, if you’re okay with me spending some gold.”
“Sure. Ashfire Bee honey makes us a lot of money. Just don’t let her sell you any other potions while you’re at it.”
Their conversation was light, revolving around business and life in general. And that was what they wanted. In these days when it seemed like every two seconds there was another report about the Goblin Lord burning a village or marching here or there…this is what they wanted.
Peace. At least for a day. So Erin and Lyonette walked into Liscor and did normal things. The first thing they did was visit Krshia.
 
—-
 
They hadn’t been sure that the Gnoll [Shopkeeper] would be at her stall today. She had been absent since Brunkr’s death. And while Erin had visited the Gnoll in her apartment, it was a relief to see her at her small stall like usual.
“Erin! Lyonette. It is good to see you two, yes?”
The Gnoll turned with a jar of ointment in her hands. The two Humans waited patiently while Krshia closed her deal—selling an ointment for dry scales to a harried Drake woman. Then they had time to talk.
Was it a sign of how Krshia’s fortunes had changed that she was stuck on the edges of the market, in a far smaller stall than the one she’d used to have? Then again, it could be argued that her enduring business was a sign that her popularity among customers hadn’t waned.
