4.43
Page 1
“Don’t pull at that, Mrsha. I’m no Stitch-Woman and if the head comes off, you’re going to see something you won’t like. What’s up, Lyonette?”
“I need someone to look after Mrsha while I go into the city. Erin’s going and Ishkr’s going to be busy, so I was hoping…”
“We can take care of her.”
Behind Jelaqua, a slumped figure sat up. As usual Moore was sitting cross-legged on the ground, there not being a chair large enough for him. He smiled tenderly at Mrsha and she waved one paw at him. Lyonette looked over and a shape in dark clothing groaned at her. Seborn looked more dead than alive, and the crustacean side of his body looked like it was leaking some kind of liquid.
“Mrsha’s fine to stay with us as long as she wants, Lyonette. I don’t think we’re in any condition to do…anything.”
Jelaqua informed the [Barmaid] as she winced herself upright. She was clearly feeling the effects of heavy drinking last night. She looked longingly towards the door to Celum.
“We won’t go far, although we might go to Octavia’s shop and see if she sells any hangover potions. Otherwise I think Seborn will shank himself to end the misery.”
“Don’t tempt me.”
Lyonette grinned as Seborn looked up. Drowned Man he might be, but Seborn drank like a sailor, at a pace only matched by Jelaqua’s enthusiasm and Moore’s capacity for alcohol.
Very quietly thanking the Halfseekers, Lyonette walked stealthily away from them and towards the kitchen. She was nearly there when she heard a terrific crash of falling pots and pans. She looked over her shoulder just in time to see Seborn twitch and Jelaqua’s eyes roll back into her head for a moment.
“Oops, sorry!”
Erin cheerfully poked her head out of the kitchen and waved at two of the Goblins sitting at a table who’d looked up. Headscratcher and Shorthilt looked at the smiling young woman and then went back to sharpening their swords with a grunt. Lyonette passed by them, staring as they carefully maintained their well-worn steel blades.
This was how things were better. Lyonette didn’t guiltily look away when Headscratcher noticed she was looking. She just smiled politely and the Goblin tried to do the same. There was still a strong sense of…of distance between her and the Goblins, but the fear had mostly gone.
The inn felt better. It truly did. And as Lyonette walked into the kitchen, she saw Erin was smiling for the first time in what felt like weeks. She was masterminding a grand operation with a harried Ishkr, and by the looks of it, she was generating enough dirty dishes to keep the Gnoll busy all day.
“Okay, frosting’s done! And the batter is good—I’m sticking it in the oven now, Ishkr. You’re sure you can take it out after thirty minutes or when it looks done? Remember what I told you about sticking a fork in?”
The Gnoll [Waiter] nodded, licking a bit of frosted white sugar off the hair on his arms.
“I will not forget, Miss Erin. And I can smell when cooked food begins to burn.”
“Awesome. Okay Lyonette, I think I’m ready! Is Mrsha coming or staying?”
“Staying. I think she’s tired from yesterday.”
Lyonette smiled as Erin took off her apron and the two young women walked out of the inn. Erin waved at the Horns of Hammerad, pausing only long enough to ask where Ksmvr and Yvlon were. Both Ceria and Pisces pointed, and the two Human girls found the [Warriors] outside, sparring.
