4.43
Page 9
Lyonette’s eyes moved around the room and Krshia noticed. The [Shopkeeper] lowered her cup.
“There is little of Brunkr here, I am sorry to say. His shield and sword remain, but he arrived here as a warrior, not meaning to stay long. I have only my memories to remind me of what he was.”
“Oh. I’m sorry. I was just—”
“I take no offense, Lyonette. Actually, it is that I wished to talk with you about.”
Krshia put down her tea cup and Lyonette felt her heart begin to beat faster. The Gnoll sighed, and in the privacy of her own home, she slumped. She seemed tired, old, and sad all at once. When she looked at Lyonette, there was loss in her brown eyes.
“I still wonder if I could have known. If I had paid more attention, if I had not been blind to that traitorous Regrika Blackpaw’s true nature—she is no true Gnoll. And she will be hunted. But if I had only had the foresight to question instead of being blind—would he be alive?”
Lyonette sat still, not knowing what to say. Krshia shook her head.
“These are useless thoughts of course. What is done is done. Only justice and mourning remain. But I am plagued by them. Yet I would not burden you with my grief, Lyonette. No. I wanted to call you here to thank you, instead.”
“Thank me? But why—”
“For making him a [Knight].”
Krshia spoke plainly, and Lyonette’s heart constricted with fear. The Gnoll looked at her, not accusingly or with suspicion, rather, with certainty.
“I know you are a [Princess], Lyonette. And I know you gave your blessing to Brunkr to make him a [Knight].”
“How—how do you…?”
The Gnoll snorted.
“I have ears. Brunkr is not good at keeping secrets. As for the rest…it is enough that I know.”
Lyonette was frozen in place. Krshia shifted, watching her carefully.
“Mistake me not. I do not seek to profit from this knowledge. I have no other motive than to give my thanks.”
“But I didn’t do anything.”
Lyonette whispered. Krshia shook her head again.
“No. You did much. True, he only had the class for a matter of days. But becoming a [Knight] was Brunkr’s dream. It was thought that he would never achieve it, since Gnolls have no [Lords] or other noble classes that could bestow such a class. But you gave it to him, and I must think it made him happy in his last days. For that small gift, I thank you.”
She bowed her head and Lyonette burst into tears. For a few minutes there was just her snuffling and Krshia offering her a handkerchief, wiping at her own eyes. Silence. Words unspoken. Lyonette managed a few words after she had finished.
“I don’t deserve thanks. All I did—”
“Water.”
Krshia raised her hand as if catching raindrops and tossed it away. She sighed.
“You have done much to offend. Much it is true. But that is the past and you have changed. The debt has been paid, and while I might hold a grudge—no. My nephew’s life is worth more than mere hatred. I forgive, Lyonette. And I thank you for changing. Not least for taking care of Mrsha.”
“What else was I supposed to do?”
Laughing, crying. Krshia smiled and Lyonette grew calmer over time. At last, the two sat, drinking and returning to something like normal conversation. But now the secret was out, Lyonette felt compelled to speak.
“The reason why I ran away—it may seem silly to you, but I really felt like I had to. I was wrong—stupid, arrogant—but if my family knew where I was, I’m sure they’d send someone after me. They might be looking already, but they have no idea where I am and I’m not exactly a First Princess or high-level, so…”
“I understand. I shall say nothing of it if you do not wish me to.”
“Thank you.”
