4.43
Page 5
“Human. I have business with you.”
“My name is Erin Solstice. And I remember you. You’re the lord-guy who was with Zel. You ran into my inn with Olesm two days ago, right after him! You knocked over two tables and nearly stepped on Mrsha’s tail!”
Erin put her hands on her hips and glared as the rest of Ilvriss’ escort caught up. She spotted Olesm hovering at the back of the group of important-looking Drakes. She waved at him.
Ilvriss sniffed. He glared at Lyonette.
“I am Wall Lord Ilvriss, [Innkeeper]. I have confidential business I wish to discuss with you. Your employee may leave.”
It was ironic, Lyonette thought, that she was on the receiving end of the treatment she’d used to give Erin and other people. She glanced at Erin and the young woman made a face.
“If you want to go Lyonette, I’ll handle Wall-Face over here. It might take a while so meet me back at the inn when you’re done.”
“Okay.”
Lyonette backed away, half-wanting to stay as Ilvriss narrowed his eyes at Erin. The young woman turned back to face him, frowning.
“So what do you want? Hey, didn’t I throw a pan at your head once?”
The Drake blinked, and then frowned at Erin.
“Yes. I recall. You should consider yourself fortunate that at the time I had not activated my rings for battle. You are equally fortunate I overlooked that transgression. Now—”
“Wait, your rings? How would that help?”
There was a muted gasp of collective outrage from behind Ilvriss as Erin interrupted the Wall Lord. She didn’t care; she was enjoying herself. From Olesm’s face, he was equally horrified and amused.
Ilvriss paused. He was clearly drunk and hung over, and thus behind even Seborn in terms of mental acuity at the moment. He stared, irritated, at Erin and raised his hand slowly. Two fat rings, one made of ruby, the other sporting a large topaz in the center, glinted at her.
“I am a Lord of the Wall, one of the Drake nobility, you ignorant Human—I am naturally equipped with many magical items that ensure my safety. But my attire is not why I wanted to speak to—”
“Oh yeah? What does that one do?”
Enjoying herself now, Erin pointed to one of the rings. Ilvriss blinked.
“That ring sets my scales aflame with magical fire. Stop interrupting. I—”
“And what about that one? The shiny yellow gem one?”
“A projectile shield. Would you—”
“And that?”
“Strength enchantments. Wait—stop asking questions!”
The scales around Ilvriss’ face grew redder, and Erin saw his escort shifting their feet and twitching their tales. She heard a strangled noise and saw Olesm trying valiantly not to burst out laughing. He was having chest convulsions trying to hold it in.
Ilvriss glared around and massaged his temples, seeming to wake up a bit more. He growled and stepped closer to Erin. She stepped back to avoid the fumes of his breath.
“You stink. Have you been drinking? It’s not healthy, you know.”
“I don’t—stop talking—I came here to—”
“I should know. I’m an [Innkeeper].”
“Shut up!”
Ilvriss finally roared at Erin, and she did shut up, if only to wipe spit off her face. The Wall Lord breathed heavily for a few seconds, and then straightened.
“I came here to discuss a mutually profitable arrangement, Human. You need not speak—no, be quiet! Simply listen. You are in possession of a powerful magical door that is enchanted with the [Teleport] spell.”
“Yup.”
Erin smiled as the Wall Lord nettled. She didn’t exactly dislike him—she thought he was a rude jerk, but he had helped her before and she mainly just enjoyed annoying him. Ilvriss purpled a bit, but he went on slowly.
