4.43
Page 12
She grinned, showing her teeth, and Lyonette smiled as well. There was a moment where the past was forgotten and they were just enjoying themselves. Two people, one step closer to becoming something like friends. Then it passed, leaving everything different. Krshia raised her tea pot.
“More tea?”
Lyonette gulped. She looked at Krshia and smiled guiltily.
“Maybe. But first…could you tell me where the bathroom is?”
 
—-
 
“Bow, Human worm!”
“No, you bow, you jerk!”
The Wandering Inn was full of shouting voices. Two in particular. Ilvriss staggered as Erin hit him with her authority, trying to force him down. The air was thick around the Drake, but his own aura of command pushed hers back. He pointed.
“I will not stomach such insolence from a Human!”
“Oh yeah? Oh yeah?”
The Drake [Lord] and Human [Innkeeper] circled each other like angry pigeons, trading insults, fighting with their respective auras. They circled rapidly, and then walked, and then finally sat and snapped at each other. Erin wiped sweat from her forehead and accepted a glass of water from Ishkr. Ilvriss looked up with bloodshot eyes and waved at the Gnoll.
“Give me a drink.”
Ishkr looked at Erin. She nodded and leaned back in her chair, exhausted. Mrsha leapt onto the table and licked her face.
“Give him something, Ishkr. I’ll kick him out if he’s being a jerk.”
“I’d rather leave…than stay at a Human inn.”
Ilvriss sat upright, looking hung over and miserable. Erin pointed to the door with a hand that shook.
“Go for it, buddy. It’s a nice walk through the slush.”
Ilvriss considered this and leaned back in his chair as Ishkr came out with a cup of cold water.
“I don’t answer to you, Human.”
He grimaced as he drank from the cup.
“Water? What am I, impoverished? Get me something stronger! Alcohol if you even serve it. Not some cheap ale, but a proper Drake drink, like Firebreath Whiskey!”
The Wall Lord snapped at Ishkr, forcing the Gnoll to hurry behind the bar. The Drake did drink the water, though. Erin eyed Ilvriss.
“Haven’t you already had enough? You’re drunk already.”
“So? My affairs are none of your business. I will have you know that I am in mourning. I grieve and my drinking is thus excusable.”
Ilvriss grimaced as Ishkr came back with a mug brimming with the fiery orange liquid that had done so much damage to Seborn and Jelaqua yesterday. Erin glanced at the mug and then at Ilvriss.
“Is that because of Ulrien? Or Brunkr?”
“Who?”
The inn went quiet. Ilvriss looked around and grimaced.
“Ah. The two casualties of the Named Adventurer and her accomplice? No. This is…personal.”
He lifted the mug and drank down what must have been at least five shots of whiskey. Erin saw Jelaqua put a hand to her mouth, but Ilvriss only swayed a bit in his seat as he finished. He thrust the mug at Ishkr and the Gnoll sighed. Erin stared at him and raised her voice.
“No alcohol for the Wall Lord, Ishkr. Give him something else like milk and honey.”
“Milk and—who are you to dictate what I drink?”
“The [Innkeeper]. And it seems like you’re pretty upset, buddy. Why don’t you tell me about it?”
Erin scooted her chair over towards Ilvriss’ table. He eyed her, but seemingly didn’t have the energy to move away. Instead he put out a long-suffering sigh as Ishkr came back with warm milk and honey, a Mrsha favorite.
“So this is how far I’ve sunk, to be denied drinks at a Human establishment. If Periss could see me now…”
He shook his head, slumping in his chair as the shots of Firebreath Whiskey hit him all at once. Erin looked at the Wall Lord.
“Who’s Periss?”
