4.43
Page 3
It still hurt Lyonette to see the stall and remember what she’d done. But Krshia and Erin acted as if there was nothing to remember. They chatted happily, not giving voice to darker memories. It was something everyone there understood. The voices that whispered and the images that rose unbidden at night and in quiet times would come regardless of happiness in the day. They clung to better moments like sailors adrift at sea.
“I did not think to see you without young Mrsha today. But then, I have heard that you reached an understanding of sorts yesterday with the…Goblins.”
Krshia sniffed at Lyonette, and the girl was reminded that Gnoll noses, like Gnoll hearing, picked up far more than their owners usually let on. Erin smiled teasingly.
“You just happened to hear it from Ishkr?”
“Hrm. He is a distant nephew and a dutiful one. But many heard it themselves. The music your inn played was audible to many [Guardsmen] on the walls. Several complained about missing the fun as they saw it, yes?”
Erin laughed.
“If they wanted to have fun, they could have come! The Goblins aren’t dangerous.”
“So you say. But I am afraid it will take more than your words to bring others into your inn. For me as well, I regret to tell you.”
“Really?”
The Gnoll smiled gently at Erin’s crestfallen look.
“Memory runs deep, Erin Solstice. This city and this continent still remember the Goblin King and what he did. But I will trust you, even if I will not visit for now. Now tell me, why are you here? To chat, or buy as well?”
“Oh! Well, we could use more sugar. And eggs. And meat—everyone eats a lot of that and I want to make a hotpot. Of course, we could use a lot of alcohol—a few kegs, actually. I know the Street Runner can’t carry that many, so maybe you could let us know when we should come and pick them up? Ishkr and Bird can do it since…I don’t want to. And I’d like to order some pottery bowls the Soldiers could use. I was thinking they could be bigger and easier to hold…”
Erin ran down a very long and rambling list of items as Krshia nodded and scratched at a piece of parchment with some charcoal. She probably had around a tenth of the items Erin was requesting in her shop at best, but she knew everyone who sold what Erin wanted, and would talk to them and get it all sent to Erin’s inn for the young woman.
It was an interesting system that Lyonette hadn’t experienced in Terandria. But as Erin had remarked, it was worth however many coins Krshia charged to have the Gnoll do her shopping for her. In fact, that was one of Krshia’s main sources of income—she was the Gnoll a lot of her customers went to in order to avoid hours of shopping.
“Hmm. Costly this time. I will have it all ready for you by tomorrow at the latest. Give me…hrr. Yes, six gold coins for all of it. The pottery being custom-made will be expensive. But I may be able to talk the [Potter] down. I will let you know.”
Erin handed over the gold coins and Krshia swept them into a small bag. She glanced up at Erin, and then, looked sideways at Lyonette.
“I have a thought. Lyonette, if you are willing, would you come to my apartment after I close my stall for the day? I will only be open for another hour or so; I have many orders like Erin’s to begin filling. I would like to chat for a few minutes if I may.”
“Of course.”
Lyonette exchanged a surprised glance with Erin. She made plans to meet with Krshia and the two said their goodbyes. As they walked away, Lyonette leaned over to Erin at the same time the other girl was doing the same. They nearly knocked heads.
