4.44 M
Page 3
Magnolia sat up with a frown. Zel sighed and shook his head. Civilians. He tried to explain patiently, as if he were talking to…Lyonette. Or Erin. Or Mrsha.
“You have the numbers Lady Reinhart, but that’s not an army. If I had ten thousand young men with swords, would you call that an army? And no, before you speak, it doesn’t matter if they’re all [Soldiers] because they’re all soldiers of different cities. They haven’t trained together, don’t necessarily know the same orders or fight the same way—and I don’t know how many officers there are.”
“And that’s a problem? You are a [General].”
“A [General] without a trained army is like a sharp mind and an unresponsive body, Miss Reinhart.”
“Ah. Oh, I do see now. Oh dear.”
Magnolia frowned. She wasn’t unintelligent, Zel could readily admit. She tapped at her lips and glanced at Zel.
“If it’s a matter of officers…I can see about levying some from more cities. Will that help, or will their unfamiliarity only exacerbate the issue?”
Zel shrugged.
“I don’t know. They could be useful…or not. I’m afraid I don’t know how well you Humans train your soldiers. I’ve seen good leadership and bad on the field of battle, but you don’t standardize your training.”
“While Drakes do. I am familiar with that. Your military chain of command is quite renowned across the world.”
The Drake grunted in response to the compliment. He looked over another sheaf of [Messages], speaking sourly.
“I’d give one of my claws for a few Drake [Lieutenants] or a battalion to fight with. A pity no Drake armies could cross north of Liscor without starting a war.”
“Hm. That’s very true. I did think about it, you know. But of all the mercenary groups in Izril—and there aren’t many—the only one of note was Liscor’s own army. And while they are for hire, I’m sure they wouldn’t respond to my requests and if they did…”
Zel looked up from the reports.
“No.”
“Indeed not.”
The [General] shook his head.
“That army is…not the kind you want if you value peace. I’m sure they’d manage to start a war if they came north. And given the uniqueness of their army, my Skills as a [General] would be least effective leading them.”
“That was my understanding. It is a pity though. They are formidable, for all of their detracting factors.”
Magnolia sighed. She found her teacup at last and wrestled with Ressa briefly before retrieving it. The [Head Maid] reluctantly filled her cup and Magnolia sipped it. She mused out loud.
“How does the saying go again? One Drake’s trouble, two is a fight, and three will burn your house down?”
She glanced at Zel swiftly, but the Drake didn’t react openly to her comment. He kept reading another report in silence and jotting down notes on another piece of parchment. After a minute he looked up.
“What are four Drakes, then?”
“A war, I believe.”
The [General] grunted. It wasn’t quite a laugh. Magnolia watched him cautiously and flicked her eyes up towards Ressa. The [Maid] shrugged and Magnolia pursed her lips. After another short break she spoke lightly but cautiously.
“We have not had a chance to speak long I’m afraid, Mister Shivertail.”
Zel didn’t react to being called Mister either. He turned one eye towards her and flicked his tail slightly.
“We didn’t. My apologies, but I decided to sort this out right away once I realized the issue.”
“Quite, quite. But ah, aside from our commitment to work together, you and I have quite a few issues we should discuss.”
“Really? It seems simple to me. You need a [General], I want to kill the Goblin Lord. And Az’kerash. Who you knew was alive for years and never did anything about.”
