4.44 M
Page 13
“True. So why deal with him at all? You’re afraid he’ll take your lands? Can’t you…talk to him?”
Zel grunted. Magnolia hesitated.
“I don’t like [Emperors]. Every one I’ve met has had a few tricks up their sleeves. Nasty ones. And as a [Lady], I am regrettably disadvantaged when opposing them. Hierarchies and social classes, you know. I prefer not to get near this one if I can. I had a particularly bad experience with the Emperor of Sands in Chandrar. You know, the new one? He was quite objectionable and I had trouble dealing with him. Of course, she was worse now that I think of it…”
That was another odd statement that didn’t make sense unless you knew more about the Emperor of Sands. Zel shook his head.
“[Emperors] are none of my business. Goblin Lord, Necromancer—that’s all I’ll help you with. You want to deal with him, do it yourself.”
“Cheapskate.”
Zel grew exasperated.
“Don’t you have a Skill that controls other people? Use that on him. I’ve heard about you and your charmed words.”
“Believe me, I would if I could, but my Skill is not powerful enough to sway anyone with a powerful class—or strong will. I’ve learned that the hard way recently.”
Magnolia made a face, which surprised Zel.
“I would have thought a high-level [Lady] would have more persuasion Skills than that.”
“Oh, Skills. I have lots of those, but charming others isn’t a vital Skill for me by any means. I have Skills in far more useful areas I’m pleased to say.”
“Such as?”
She clicked her tongue dismissively.
“Skills that boost the welfare and safety of my lands, Skills that help me train servants, protect myself, manage my estates…”
“And your highest-level Skill?”
Magnolia Reinhart hesitated and eyed Zel for a second.
“Why do you want to know?”
He shrugged.
“We are allies. It’s helpful to know what your best Skill is. I’m sure you know mine.”
“Hmm…I suppose so. Very well. My highest-level Skill is [Aegis of Grace].”
“I’m unfamiliar with it.”
“Not surprising. It’s a powerful Skill that extends across my lands. To simplify, it wards off any settlement affiliated with me from attack. Thus, my mansion, Invrisil, and other holdings deter casual [Bandits], monsters and other unsavory groups from attacking them. Attacks do occur of course, but that is one of the reasons why Invrisil had grown so prosperous of late. Adventurers do their bit, but my Skill—and the reputation I have worked so hard to dismay you with—also protects my people.”
Was that a joke? Zel blinked and nodded. Magnolia smiled at him.
“It may not seem like much considering your Skills can literally turn the tide of battle, but I suspect one of the reasons why all these Goblins have been raiding other settlements and cities is due to that Skill. After all, peace brings prosperity and with enough money I can do a great deal.”
“I can appreciate that. Thank you for telling me.”
Zel nodded to Magnolia. She dipped her head graciously, and then put down her empty cup and stood up.
“Well, I do believe that was a profitable little talk. However, I think that you and I have gone over…most of the points we wished to discuss. You aren’t beholden to me, and I am your ally of circumstance. For now.”
Her eyes twinkled and Zel suspected she planned to turn him into an ally for good. But he made no comment, simply rising to his feet.
“I’m fine with that. If you’ll show me the way, I’ll finish assessing my army and sending out instructions—”
