4.44 M
Page 11
“It sounds like an amazing dream, Lady Reinhart. But I’m afraid I don’t quite buy into all of it. I don’t think it will work.”
Magnolia looked at him and the light in her eyes faded a bit.
“Why not?”
“It’s an abstract idea. It’s a plan with a thousand moving parts. It assumes you will get the Titan’s attention, he will come here, that we won’t all be defeated in a battle, that you can make peace…and that I stay after dealing with the Goblin Lord and Az’kerash.”
Zel sipped at his drink, keeping his tail still. Magnolia stared at him.
“I see. But you agree the Antinium are a threat, don’t you? Why would you—”
“I don’t know if I’ll stay. Because I don’t trust you.”
Zel stood up abruptly. He saw Ressa tense, but Magnolia held up a hand. The [General] ignored Ressa and stared down at Magnolia. She looked up at him, fearless, but wary.
“I don’t like you, Human. I don’t mind most Humans, but you I judge from what I’ve heard and seen over the years. I don’t trust you, Magnolia Reinhart. You speak of peace, but you would see it through war.”
“How else?”
Magnolia blinked calmly at Zel, and he lost his momentum.
“How else? What do you mean?”
“How else would you do it, General Shivertail? You must know there are foes that will not be dissuaded by any amount of talking. There are tyrants and monsters who wear flesh like costumes and parade around pretending to civility in this world. They must be ended. How else would you do it besides war?”
“That’s not what I mean. It’s the fact that you’re the one taking charge that I object to.”
Zel shook his head. He felt frustrated—because he partially agreed with what Magnolia had said. And yet—
“No one person can be above others. Drakes have no [Kings] for that reason. If you went about ‘solving’ issues and removing whomever you liked, what would make you better than they are? What would allow people to trust you?”
“Nothing at all. I understand that. I have a reputation for trickery and underhandedness. I understand that General Shivertail. Which is why I need you and Niers Astoragon. I need people who are what I am not. Honorable, trustworthy. And that is why I propose a council, an alliance of people to manage this attempt, this army. I invited you to my estate as an equal, and I propose that you and I find other equals who can balance our opinions and make the right choices.”
The words made sense, but the mouth they came from—Zel shook his head again.
“No. I can’t trust that. I will not. Not alone, at any rate.”
Magnolia rose too, slowly. She was eying him with concern, and he felt like—
A Drake [General] stared at a young Human girl as she held out her hand. Peace. He looked into her eyes and saw war.
“I won’t agree to your plans. It sounds…unreal. And I don’t trust you. I’m sorry, but I came here for aid against Az’kerash. I will help you with the Goblin Lord, and in exchange you’ll help me with the Necromancer. That is why I came here. More than that I won’t promise.”
Magnolia took Zel’s words silently. For a few moments she stared at Zel, face impassive, and then she slowly nodded.
“I see.”
“Don’t mistake me. I think our peoples should work together. But you—I won’t ally myself with you blindly. If I did commit to an alliance, if I even thought about raising an army and tying my name to yours for a greater cause—it would have to be after I talked to the Titan himself. Him and this ‘magic user’ you’re hinting about.”
Magnolia’s eyes widened. Zel turned to her and bared his teeth.
