4.44 M
Page 5
Zel raised a magical quill and scribbled on his list, highlighting a discrepancy for later. Magnolia laughed.
“As a matter of fact, only one of the six I was considering for the job was an actual [Assassin]. I wanted the best, General Shivertail, and I don’t underestimate my foes. My first pick for the job would have been the infamous leader of the Forgotten Wing Company, Three-Color Stalker.”
The Drake looked up and his tail twitched in surprise.
“Her?”
“She is one of, if not the most deadly [Rogues] in existence. And she is more adept at slaying enemy [Commanders] on battlefields than most conventional [Assassins]. Who better to deal with a target that is functionally immune to poison and is no doubt warded with many magical artifacts?”
Magnolia swirled the tea around in her cup. It was minty, although you would never have known that with as much sugar as it held. She lifted her cup.
“Do excuse me, Ressa, but pass me the bowl of sugar or I’ll throw this at you. And I should ask again as a good host—would you like tea, General Shivertail? Something else? A snack, perhaps?”
Zel and Ressa both shuddered, having tasted Magnolia’s tea. The [General] was shaking his head and then paused. He looked up. He was in the mansion of one of the richest [Ladies] in the world, after all.
“If you have it…milk with honey.”
“Milk with honey?”
Magnolia blinked. Zel smiled.
“I recently developed a taste for it. Milk with honey, if you have it. Ashfire Bee honey to be precise. And if you have bacon or sausage, wrap it in dough and fry it a bit.”
“I’m sure my [Chef] can make that. Ressa, see to it, would you? That’s an intriguing dish. What is it called?”
Zel grinned to himself as Magnolia blinked at him, uncomprehending.
“Pigs in the blanket. It’s a Human dish.”
“Not one I know. Ressa? I want some too. Add lots of honey to my milk.”
The [Head Maid] had slipped out the door and whispered briefly with a servant stationed outside. She swiftly returned to Magnolia’s side. Zel eyed Ressa. She was wary of him and he could sense she wasn’t just someone who cleaned around the mansion. Well, whatever. He nodded at Magnolia.
“So Three-Color Stalker denied your request?”
Magnolia sighed loudly.
“I don’t believe she ever read it. She’s an odd individual. I sent her a number of cards and paid the [Couriers] to report back on how she received them. As I understand it, she ate two of them, gold leaf and all.”
“What?”
“That’s what I said. I’m not sure if it was an insult or just her personality. And she has never replied to me. Well, not in words. I believe after my sixteenth letter she sent me a message back by City Runner. I received a badly decomposed muffin that had been in transit for about six months. It had travelled across the sea by boat and was delivered to my house. I thought it was poison when I got it.”
“Huh. That is odd. I’d heard there was something weird about each of the leaders of the Four Great Companies, but…”
Zel frowned as he went back to his reports. A muffin? That was Baleros for you. War-loving freaks. Not that he could really speak as a Drake. He looked up as a thought struck him. It had to be asked.
“…What kind of muffin?”
“What kind?”
“Was it blueberry? Plain? Apple? Insect?”
Magnolia traded a swift glance with Ressa.
“You know, I didn’t think to…that could be a clue. Or something. If Commander Foliana—Ressa? Make a note. Find out if anyone recalls what the muffin looked like.”
“Yes, milady.”
Zel eyed the [Head Maid] as she bowed slightly. He coughed.
“That’s an interesting maid you employ, Miss Reinhart.”
Magnolia laughed.
