4.44 M
Page 17
It was like he was a small child again and being given an actual magic sword. Zel’s claws trembled as he unbuckled his breastplate. Once upon a time Sserys had ordered a set of magical armor made for Zel and he had refused. He didn’t need armor thanks to his Skills. But this?
When Zel stood, his armor burned on his chest and he felt warm, stronger. Magnolia clapped her hands in delight and Ressa carefully wiped some dirt off of the gleaming enchanted metal. Zel looked at her and felt conflicted.
“You have a thousand magical artifacts, Reinhart. Countless secrets, powerful servants, and more wealth than I can dream of. How is it that you haven’t taken over this continent already?”
The Deadly Flower of the North smiled at Zel and he thought she looked rueful. Just for a second.
“Honestly? Because money cannot buy everything, Zel Shivertail. I have artifacts, yes. Money, yes. Servants? Oh, they are strong, but they are not champions. The Goblin King swept through these lands because he was mighty. I am a [Lady], not a warrior, General Shivertail. To back up my charming words and wealth, I need a sword, an army. Do you see why I approached you?”
“I do. But I’m sorry to say—”
“Yes, yes. You’re not my sword. Not yet.”
Magnolia waved a hand, looking put out. Zel grinned. He opened a claw and looked up at the War Golems.
“I was going to say that you don’t have a sword. I’m a defensive [General]. If you want offense, get the Titan or bring back Sserys. I hold the line. Occasionally I charge into the enemy and redefine the line, but I’m best suited defending. You have a shield, Reinhart.”
She looked at him, her lips pursed, hands on hips.
“I know that I should appreciate that statement as it is, but a shield hardly sounds useful for dealing with a Goblin Lord.”
“No? You can give me one and I’ll beat him to death with it.”
Zel grinned and flexed his claws. He felt ready for a battle. The Goblin Lord might have an army, but Zel did too. Probably. And he had two Battle Golems, magic armor, and…well, that was about it. He just needed his claws and he’d tear a hole in that Goblin Lord’s chest.
At least, he hoped he would. In the worst case he might have to avoid a battle. It depended on the Goblin Lord’s army and how strong they’d be when Zel’s forces met him. Forty thousand soldiers was good, but the [General] hadn’t lived as long as he had by taking stupid risks. You took stupid risks only when you had no other choice.
“Well, I think I’ve got a few more things to think of. Lady Reinhart, shall we return to your mansion? I have a battle to plan.”
Magnolia smiled at him.
“Call me Magnolia, will you? And I will call you Zel. After all, we are allies and I hope, friends.”
Zel stared at her. Magnolia smiled. He coughed.
“No. We’re not friends.”
“What?”
Her smile vanished. Zel shuffled his feet. Ressa snorted.
“We’re not friends, Reinhart. I still don’t trust you.”
“Oh come now!”
She tried to grab his arm and he walked away. Magnolia sighed loudly.
“We are allies! Comrades-in-arms! I gave you that armor!”
“You can’t even lift my armor.”
“I am trying to be friendly.”
“You don’t have to be. We’re allies, not bedfellows.”
“This is really distressing me, Zel. I felt we had reached an understanding, a connection.”
“Don’t call me that, please.”
“Zel—”
“I’m going back to the mansion.”
“Fine! Unbelievable. Stubborn Drakes. Ressa, let’s go.”
“Okay.”
“Right. We’re off. General Shivertail? Which way are—”
“I don’t know. Which way’s the way out?”
“Of course it’s that—no, I suppose not. Or this way? Hm. Nalthal! Which way is…Nalthal?”
