4.45
Page 19
But not yet. Please, a moment longer. He had something he had to say. Ilvriss drew Periss closer and kissed her. She wasn’t good at that either. Neither was he, but it was genuine, real. And then he confessed his sins, the weight of his heart.
“I wanted to say sorry. To ask for forgiveness.”
She looked at him and laughed in his face.
“What forgiveness? For sending me after a lone Human girl? That was a sound decision. Although sending all those elites after me wasn’t. You should have kept the rest back so you could defeat Shivertail.”
Ilvriss blinked at her, surprised. But then he laughed too.
“You know what I mean!”
“Maybe I do, but the strategy was sound. And that’s what matters. You couldn’t have known. Now you need to move forwards. You know what the enemy looks like, where he is roughly. You know, and you can protect your people.”
Periss held Ilvriss, pointing towards the map. He looked and saw the undead rising around the Goblin Lord’s army. For the first time, hot fury flickered in his heart, drowning out the sorrow.
Then it faded. Ilvriss looked at Periss and held her tightly. She wasn’t fading or disappearing, but he sensed his time with her was ending.
“Don’t go. I have so much I want to do. So much I want to say.”
She raised one brow at him.
“As fun as it might be, I don’t think this is the right place for a tumble together. Maybe some other time.”
He laughed against his will.
“Will I ever see you again?”
She looked at him tenderly, and one of her claws intertwined with his.
“Maybe. If you have more of that strange drink Erin Solstice gave you, perhaps. But I’ll always be here.”
She pointed to the war map, the living continent of Izril, their home.
“Because that’s what you need to focus on. Not just the southern half. All of it, Ilvriss. And this inn in particular. There’s more for you to see, more to do. I can’t do anything anymore. But you can.”
Ilvriss closed his eyes. The weight of his duties fell upon his shoulders, but this time he could bear it. He had to. He spoke to her, feeling her claws in his.
“I swear I will. I will protect our home. I will find the Necromancer and make him pay. And if the Goblin Lord threatens, I will protect our people. I won’t slip back again Periss. I swear it.”
“Good.”
He felt a kiss. When he opened his eyes, she was gone. But the memory remained. And as Ilvriss turned he opened his eyes—
And woke up. Ilvriss jerked upright at his table, and the nearly-empty mug of Faerie Flower ale tipped over. He grabbed for it and looked around.
It was pitch black in the inn. The fire was ash, and everyone had gone to sleep. Ilvriss stared at the mug, and then clenched his hand. He could still feel her, still hear her voice.
Had it been just a dream? The Human girl, Erin had said—was it magic? A drug? Something more?
It didn’t matter. Ilvriss looked around the room. He was so tired. And then he looked into the mug. There were just dregs left.
Oh well. It would have to do. Ilvriss closed his eyes, and then sat up. He raised his mug and spoke into the silence. His voice echoed in the empty inn, coming back to him.
“To war. War, ever changing, always taking…to war. It’s the Drake way. And I—”
