4.45
Page 4
Ksmvr nodded happily. Dawil snorted and choked on his drink. He cast one eye around the room, taking in the half-Giant, Selphid, Drowned Man, Gnoll cub…when he returned to Ksmvr he shrugged, apparently resigned to the fact that an Antinium was talking to him.
“What’s that you’re eating? Some kind of bug?”
“It is an Ashfire Bee. Very tasty, especially with honey and butter. Would you like to try a bite?”
The Antinium nodded and lifted his plate so Dawil could see the bee. The Dwarf paused again, but the sight of the half-eaten bee didn’t seem to put him off his food either.
“I don’t eat bugs. Anyways. Isn’t eating one of them bugs like eating your own kind?”
“Is it?”
Ksmvr paused as he broke off a bee leg. He thought about this as he crunched it down.
“No. Is eating a cow or a rat cannibalism for Humans or Dwarves?”
“It’s disgusting is what it is. I don’t eat rats.”
“No bugs, no rats…this is very sad. I see you are a Dwarf. Do all Dwarves not eat good food?”
Dawil snorted.
“Not unless we’re starving to death we don’t! I’d rather eat my beard than chew on insects like some half-Elf living in the forest.”
He shot that at Falene. The half-Elf raised her eyebrows.
“I don’t eat bugs, Dawil. That’s a stereotype about half-Elves. Hardly any of us resort to that.”
All of the Horns of Hammerad immediately looked at Ceria. The half-Elf [Cryomancer] coughed and looked the other way. Dawil laughed loudly and then broke off as something buzzed his way. He swatted at it and Apista flew away from his mug. The Dwarf stared at the insect with a mixture of horror and incredulity and then stared at Ksmvr. He pointed at Apista.
“Isn’t that a bee as well? Why is that thing flying around?”
“It is a pet of Lyonette. She works here. It is called Apista and I think, very tasty. But she is off limits for consumption.”
Ksmvr stared as Apista flew away from their table with his mandibles slightly parted in longing. Apista was noticeably larger than the Ashfire Bee that Ksmvr was eating. Dawil stared at Ksmvr.
“A pet? By my beard…and you’re eating one of its kind right in front of it?”
Ksmvr stared at Apista. He slowly raised the bee to his mouth and crunched off another part.
“Yes. That is what I am doing.”
Over her time with Apista in the inn, Erin had noticed that while the Ashfire Bee would hover around sweet drinks and food when they weren’t being attended, it would never go within arm’s length of Ksmvr or any of the Antinium. Now the bee flew after Mrsha. The Gnoll was being carried upstairs by Lyonette, visibly upset and cranky after eating so much cake. Dawil watched the bee go with some relief and turned back to Ksmvr.
“This is one hell of an inn. I’ve been to magical taverns in First Landing and Invrisil and they’re boring compared to this inn. This [Innkeeper] girl—she just lets Goblins and Ants eat here and doesn’t worry about being killed in her sleep?”
“Oh no. Miss Erin is very good at killing things. And she employs one of my kind. His name is Bird and he lives on the roof. By the way, I have never met a Dwarf. Are you happy, being a Dwarf? Is there a special racial advantage to being a Dwarf or are you relatively useless like Humans?”
“Hey!”
Erin had to come over at that. She took a seat at the table and smiled at Dawil. He eyed her, probably wondering about Ksmvr’s endorsement of her killing prowess. Erin smiled at Dawil, hesitated, and blurted out the first thing on her mind.
“You’re tall.”
The Dwarf blinked. Ksmvr tilted his head. Erin blushed.
“I mean—sorry, but I’ve never met a Dwarf either! And I didn’t expect you to be so, so…”
