4.45
Page 15
She couldn’t fault Jelaqua on that. That was the sane decision. Which made the Silver Swords’ one all the stranger. Ylawes looked at Falene, who raised her hand palm up, and then at Dawil, who muttered but nodded. He turned back to Ceria.
“We don’t need payment or a reward, Miss Ceria. The cause itself is enough. Any friend of Yvlon’s is a friend of ours. And if there is truly an adventurer in danger in Liscor’s dungeon, we will do everything we can to help. We, the Silver Swords, champion causes wherever they may be found, regardless of reward or risk!”
He said the words simply, as if they were a fact. He stood proudly as he said them, and his armor glinted in the faint firelight. Everyone else stared at him with open mouths. Slowly, Ceria leaned over and whispered to Pisces very softly.
“Is he…real? Or just completely insane?”
Pisces sniffed.
“Addled from one too many hits to the head is more likely. Or perhaps he suffers from some kind of martyrdom complex. No doubt a sad affliction of the [Knight] class.”
He didn’t bother to lower his voice. Ylawes glared at Pisces.
“Helping others in need is simply common sense, sir. If you saw a traveler on the road who was in trouble, would you help them?”
Pisces frowned.
“Would this be a man or a woman? Human? Drake? How rich are their clothes? Is there any danger nearby? How far am I from civilization? What kind of road is it?”
Ylawes stared at Pisces. The [Necromancer] smirked at him and Ylawes looked away, disgusted. Erin clapped her hands, breaking the silence.
“Good! You’re staying. And you’re helping Yvlon! Yay. Now, are you staying here? I have rooms.”
The Silver Swords looked at each other. Ylawes looked uncomfortable as he bowed slightly to Erin.
“My apologies, Miss Erin. But I don’t feel at ease sleeping under the same roof as…Goblins. I would like to use your door to find lodgings in Celum.”
“Or you could go all the way back home.”
“Yv…”
“That’s okay. I think the Goblins don’t like you anyways. Sorry, but that’s how it is.”
“Ah—yes. I’m…glad that we can all feel comfortable.”
Ylawes stumbled over his words and turned back to the others as a whole.
“I must apologize for my conduct earlier. I was not aware of the…peculiarities of this inn. However, as Yvlon’s older brother I thank you most sincerely for aiding her. She is of House Byres, and a credit to her family. I hope that you will all continue to aid her in the future.”
Yvlon covered her face with her hands, blushing. Ceria and Pisces exchanged a glance. Jelaqua raised a mug.
“I’ll drink to whatever that was! House Byres, huh? I knew Yvlon came from a rich family, but I didn’t know she was nobility! Fancy that.”
“We’re not a famous House, actually, Jelaqua. Far from it. We’re minor and we don’t get political. Until now.”
Yvlon glared at Ylawes as she spoke. He nodded.
“House Byres has always supported itself with a healthy business in silver. We have a mine…and several of our family are [Merchants]. Some, like Yvlon and myself follow the family tradition of taking up arms to defend the common people.”
“Wow! You’re like a real [Knight] family, huh?”
Erin looked approvingly at Yvlon. She scowled.
“In decline. Ylawes and my other siblings help provide for the family, but we’re not rich, Erin.”
“True.”
Ylawes frowned.
“In the past our family used to be richer. Alas, there’s less call for quality silver now, which is one of our main exports. In the past of course, we were a household name, but the disappearance of the Vampires has reduced our estates too—”
“Did you say Vampires?”
