4.45
Page 7
“Hold on, that’s not an alloy of silver…it’s got no silver in it in fact. And it’s no alloy. Wait a second…hey, innkeeper! Where’d you get this?”
Erin shrugged self-consciously as Dawil stared at her.
“Um…one of my guests gave it to me as payment. I mean, it was sort of a gift, not proper payment. Why? Is it worth a lot?”
The Dwarf grunted.
“Depends on how you look at it. It’s either priceless or worthless. You see, this metal’s not silver, gold, or any of your common metals like that. It’s pure mithril, or close enough.”
“Mithril?”
Erin’s raised voice made every head in the room shoot up. Quick as a flash, Jelaqua was at their table.
“Hey, did someone say mithril and Dwarf in the same sentence? I could really use a new flail and armor—”
“Back off, Selphid! No one’s forging you lot anything! I just said this thing’s mithril—no need to get worked up about it! Yes, this is mithril. So what?”
Dawil cleared his throat, realizing he had an audience. Seborn, Jelaqua, and an interested Ishkr were hovering around the table. He handed the coin back to Erin and she held it as if it were magic. Which it might be. The Dwarf was less impressed, though.
“What are you waiting for? The coin to start floating in midair? It’s mithril, I told you! It’s just a metal.”
“But it’s—I mean, its mithril!”
Images of mithril chainmail and magical artifacts were spinning around Erin’s head. Dawil shook his own head sadly.
“Pah. It’s just a bit. You couldn’t make anything out of it—not that I’d want to try. That’s why I said it’s worthless or priceless. Sure, it’s rare to find a coin made purely out of the stuff—I can’t think of how old it must be—but who’s going to want something like that? It’s got no real value except as a collector’s item.”
He was too casual about the coin. Erin held it, trying to feel something out of the metal. All she felt was a bit of stickiness from where some drink had landed on it.
“Still, I mean—shouldn’t it glow or something?”
“It might. Buff it up a bit and it could look better. The coin’s covered in dust and the outer layer’s bonded with enough crap over the centuries. Scrape at it and it might look better.”
Dawil conceded grudgingly. He looked at Jelaqua.
“What’re you looking at, Selphid?”
“You wouldn’t happen to be a [Blacksmith] as well as a warrior, by any chance?”
She looked at him hopefully. Dawil guffawed in her face.
“Me? Do I look like I enjoy sweating in front of a forge fire? Count me out!”
“It’s just that I really would like better gear. I have this flail you see—by the way, I’m Jelaqua Ivirith, leader of the Halfseekers—”
“Oh, I’ve heard of you. Dawil of the Ironbreaker Clan.”
“—right, pleased, and I’d really love some better gear. Seborn’s got enchanted daggers, but no one makes enchanted flails. And I’ve heard that you can get Dwarf-made weapons for cheap. I was told mithril might be a good buy…”
The Dwarf shook his head as Erin sat at the table, polishing her coin with a tankard of water. It didn’t seem to work. She scrubbed hard but concluded she might actually need to scrape at it with a knife or something. That wouldn’t hurt the mithril, right? Or the faint engravings? It was supposed to be hard stuff. Erin went to look for a butter knife. Meanwhile, Dawil was beginning to argue with Jelaqua about weapons.
“Mithril? It’s things like this that make me regret ever leaving home! Every two-bit adventurer comes up to me asking for a magical blade—do I look like I carry a forge around on my back? And aren’t you lot an experienced Gold-rank team? What are you asking me about weapons for? We’re a new Gold-rank team.”
