4.45
Page 18
“Oh Ilvriss.”
Periss walked around the table. Disbelieving, Ilvriss looked up. She knelt, and then slapped him.
He gaped. Periss was no weakling. She was a trained warrior and her blow made his head ring. She hit him on the other cheek and Ilvriss reeled.
“Get ahold of yourself!”
She shouted at him. Ilvriss raised his hands to the real, stinging pain in his cheeks. Periss glared at him.
“I’m dead for less than a month and this is what you’re reduced to? You’re not the Drake I chose to follow, the leader I fell in love with! You drink and abandon your duties? Because of me?”
“Periss—”
“Stop saying my name like that.”
She glared at him and Ilvriss recalled that she didn’t like him saying her name, even in private. It was always [Lieutenant], then [Captain], and so on as she rose in rank. She disapproved of flirting before the battle was over, too. It was business while they were in the middle of a battle.
Suddenly, Ilvriss was conscious of how drunk he was, of how dirty his clothes were—clothes, not armor. He’d stopped putting it on. While Periss was in her armor, in the prime of her life, ready for action. He felt ashamed and looked away.
“Ancestors, look at me. Look at how I’ve fallen apart. No wonder you look at me like that. I am worthless.”
He sunk downwards in misery. Of course she hated him. This was what he’d become. Instead of avenging her he’d chased Ryoka this far, failed to stop Az’kerash’s minions from taking two lives, and then given up. The Necromancer. The grief had hit him too hard.
Now he had lost it all. Ilvriss couldn’t look at Periss. He heard her sigh in exasperation, and then felt a touch. He froze as she clumsily drew him towards her. Periss had never been one to hug, and so her embrace was crude, and uncomfortable as he pressed against her armor.
But it was real. Oh, so real.
“I know it was hard after I died. But you can’t keep doing this.”
“I tried.”
“I know. I know you did.”
“I fought Periss. I tried, but—you are gone! Gone and I am alone.”
“I know. And I’m so sorry.”
She was here. In that moment, Ilvriss forgot decorum. He forgot his station and his appearance and began crying as if he were a hatchling. And Periss held him as she had never done, but as she would have if he had cried. Ilvriss clung to her, feeling her heartbeat. And he begged the world for this moment to continue, even in his grief. Another second. Another moment.
Please.
“You can’t waste away. You have a future and more importantly, a duty.”
The Lord of the Wall wept into her arms, clutching at her, feeling the realness of her body.
“I know! I know, but I can’t let you go. I can’t continue—”
“Of course you can. And you will.”
Periss gripped him on the arms, hard, looking into his eyes. Ilvriss grasped at her.
“I can’t just forget you and move on. I cannot, Periss. I—”
He couldn’t finish. The weight of moving without her, of waking from this dream and knowing she was gone was too heavy. Periss looked at Ilvriss and sighed, as if he was an idiot. He’d heard that sigh before, too. He’d used to hate it.
“You don’t have to forget me. I’d be insulted if you did. But you have to stand up. Your people need you. I need you.”
I need you. What choice did he have? Ilvriss stood, though the effort cost him more than words could say. He looked into Periss’ eyes, holding her. And in his heart he knew the dream was ending.
