4.45
Page 1
Yvlon looked at her older brother helplessly, stunned by his sudden appearance. Ylawes was more focused on the Goblins, though. He held his sword and shield grimly, ready for a fight.
“Why are Goblins—”
“They’re guests, Ylawes. Can’t you tell?”
The half-Elf standing behind him interrupted Ylawes by tapping him on the shoulder with her staff. He turned his head, disbelieving.
“Impossible. Goblins in an inn? That has to be—”
“Why else would they be here? Besides, there’s a sign.”
Erin stopped laughing and sat up as the half-Elf informed Ylawes coolly. The [Knight] hesitated.
“A sign?”
The half-Elf woman sighed loudly. She nodded to the open door, which was letting in cold night air. Erin was tempted to ask them to shut the door, but she didn’t want to interrupt.
“It says ‘No Killing Goblins’ on the sign outside, Ylawes. Didn’t you read it? You were warned.”
“It does?”
The [Knight] turned in astonishment. The Dwarf by his side snorted and Ylawes looked down.
“Just like a Human not to notice what’s at his feet! Well, what now, lad? Are you going to break some skulls and break the rules or sheathe that sword before it gets rusty?”
Ylawes hesitated, looking around the room. It was tense—the Redfang Goblins were all clearly ready for a fight, and the other adventurers were tense. Maybe they weren’t on the Goblins’ side, but the sight of Moore peering at you with his massive staff held in one hand…he was such a considerate, gentle soul, but he could also push a thumb through your face if he chose.
After a second, Ylawes sheathed his sword. Erin smiled broadly and stood up.
“You read the sign! No one reads the sign! For that you get a free drink! On the house!”
The new adventures looked at her. The Dwarf tugged at his thick beard and spoke with a deep, booming voice.
“Free drinks? Hah! Maybe coming all this way was worth it after all! I’ll have five mugs to start with and whatever you’re eating. That thing you hit Ylawes with will do to start with.”
He stumped across the inn and took a seat at the nearest table. Erin blinked at him.
“Wait, I said free drink. You have to pay for the others…”
“This inn serves Goblins?”
The [Knight] addressed Erin, still peering at the Goblins. They’d sat themselves back down the instant he sheathed his sword. Badarrow and Rabbiteater made expressive gestures at the armed warrior from their seats. Erin only smiled.
“That’s right. Welcome to the Wandering Inn! You get a free drink on the house for reading the sign—one free drink.”
“I heard you!”
The Dwarf shouted back. He was waving at Ishkr. Ylawes opened his mouth, probably to ask the obvious questions Erin normally got, but he broke off as he looked at his feet. Something white and furry was circling his armored boots. Mrsha had snuck forwards and was greedily stuffing the remains of the cake into her mouth. Lyonette cried out.
“Mrsha, no! That’s disgusting! Stop that!”
The Gnoll looked up completely unashamed, frosting covering her face. She bolted as Lyonette came towards her with a mop and the [Princess] chased after the Gnoll. Ylawes followed them for a few seconds, blinking, and then looked at Erin again.
“Your inn serves Goblins?”
“Yup! And you are…?”
She stared at him expectantly. Ylawes worked his jaw for a few seconds, and then recovered and bowed slightly.
“Pardon me, Miss. Ylawes Byres at your service. I lead the Silver Swords, an adventuring group dedicated to fighting monsters. I am a [Knight], and as such, offer you my sword and shield if you should ever be in need.”
His eyes flicked to the Redfang Goblins as he spoke. Erin smiled at him.
