4.45
Page 5
Tall. For a Dwarf, that was. Dawil grunted and sat up straight. He was a few inches over five feet in height, which was short for a Human, but far taller than Erin would have expected of a Dwarf. And he seemed amused by Erin’s interest.
“Hah! Not met many Dwarves, have you, girl? Oh wait. You said. Well, I’m a pure Dwarf, don’t you worry on that account! Pure as any Dwarf living, which I’ll grant isn’t what it used to be.”
He rumbled to himself as he took a huge spoonful of ground beef and potatoes and shoved it into his mouth. He chewed, swallowed, and then went on.
“Y’see, I’ve got a bit of Human blood in me. My great, great, great grandma, she was Human, and so was my great, great, great, great, great, great…uh, grampa. ‘Course, my Dwarf side’s too strong to let a bit of Human dilute my true ancestry, but over the years it mixes with our blood. Almost every Dwarf is a bit taller because of that. Not like how we used to be—short and yay-high!”
He gestured, indicating a height around four feet high. Erin nodded.
“That’s cool. Mixed heritage, I get that. I’m one hundred percent Human. My name’s Erin, by the way.”
“Right I heard. Got ears, don’t I? And I already told the Antinium bugger my name. I’m not wearing it out.”
The Dwarf took another huge bite. He wasn’t rude—well, he was—but Erin wasn’t offended by it. He had a rather likable, straightforward personality in fact. Erin grinned at him.
“So you’re an adventurer in the Silver Swords?”
Dawil eyed her as he reached for his mug.
“Do you state the obvious all the time, lass? ‘Course I am! Hey, you don’t have anything stronger here, do you? I feel like I’m drinking water!”
“I have actual water if you want it—”
“Hah!”
“Okay then, how does Firebreath Whiskey sound? It’s the only strong stuff I have in stock right now. But it tastes like someone poured habaneros into a sock and mixed it with mouthwash.”
“Ah! A proper drink!”
Dawil brightened. He drained his mug in one go which impressed both Ksmvr and Erin and waved a hand at Ishkr.
“Firebreath Whiskey over here! Give me a full mug and another plate of the potatoes and meat!”
“One for me as well.”
Erin turned as Ksmvr tried to imitate Dawil and nearly drowned from his own mug. Ilvriss was sitting upright, looking annoyed at the lack of company and morose again. Erin intercepted Ishkr before he could deliver the Drake a drink.
“What’s the meaning of this?”
Ilvriss growled at Erin. She put her hands on her hips.
“No Firebreath Whiskey for you, Mister. You came here drunk and you had an entire mug of the stuff earlier. I’m cutting you off.”
The Lord of the Wall narrowed his eyes.
“You can’t cut me off. I am a Lord of the Wall!”
“Too bad. You can have this drink instead if you want. It’s a specialty of the inn. Faerie Flower ale. Here, try it. It makes you feel better. Or worse.”
Erin presented Ilvriss with the special mug she’d made. The Drake took one look at the drink and turned his head away.
“Ridiculous. I won’t settle for an inferior Human drink. If you refuse to serve me, I’m leaving. I have better places to be anyways—”
He moved to rise unsteadily. Erin barred his way and shoved the drink into his face.
“Try it. Come on. You tried the cake.”
“That was different. Wait, is this like the cake?”
Ilvriss eyed the mug again. The Faerie Flower ale was indistinguishable from regular ale…pretty much because it was. The only addition was three drops of the special faerie flower nectar Erin had added. She smiled encouragingly.
“You won’t know unless you try it.”
