4.46
Page 18
There was silence as the Goblin Lord’s Shield Spider raced past the downed horse. Osthia saw the Human [Commander] falling—in two halves. The Goblin Lord raised his midnight blade, the arc of black magic shimmering in the air and sucking in light. He shouted and the Goblins around him howled in victory.
“That bastard. That cheating—”
Osthia stared at the Goblin Lord through tears as the Human army shouted their despair and fury. Some charged at the Goblin Lord and others loosed arrows, but the rest were retreating as the Goblin Lord’s army surged forwards. Without a leader, it was a massacre as Goblins cut down the fleeing Humans one by one.
“Cheating? He offered a duel and the Human took it. Not his fault if he thought a [Mage] would joust. More idiot, he.”
Greybeard leaned on his sword, watching the Goblin Lord leading his soldiers forwards. He was being shot at, but the arrows swerved before they could reach him. His ring of protection might have saved him from the lance thrust if he’d taken it. Osthia stared at Greybeard with pure hatred.
“You think he’s a hero, don’t you? That monster—you called him a slave, but you Goblins follow him even if he turns all of you into undead.”
“Not all. Only soldiers. Only those who ask. It makes a difference. And if he uses undead, so what? Velan hated undead. But our King is dead and a Goblin Lord is a Goblin Lord. He protects. The undead don’t matter.”
Greybreard turned his head to look at Osthia. She blinked.
“Why are you speaking—Velan? Velan the Kind? How do you know what he hated?”
The old Goblin grinned at her. They were alone now, the Hobs having left to guard their leader. Greybeard nodded towards the battle as the Goblins began looting the dead.
“Slave. A Goblin Lord who is slave to a Necromancer. That is new. I have known weaker Goblin Lords, but I have never met one who was a slave. But he is a Goblin Lord, however small.”
Something was off about Greybeard. He wasn’t acting like before. And his eyes—Osthia eyed the old Goblin. He was musing aloud, watching the Goblin Lord with narrowed eyes and stroking his beard.
“A coward, a child, and a slave. Interesting. And each one claims to be true Goblin?”
He laughed at that. Osthia stared at him.
“What are you talking about? A coward and a child? Do you mean other Goblin Lords? Or…other Goblin Chieftains?”
“Mm. Yes. All would be Goblin Lords of a kind. But which one would be best? A question for you, captive Drake.”
He grinned at her. Osthia glared.
“It sounds like any one of them would be a disgrace. If that’s the standard for a Goblin Lord, I pity your race.”
Greybeard raised his eyebrows, not drawn in by her insult.
“You don’t understand. That’s not the problem. A child? So what? A coward? So what? A slave?”
He paused.
“They are Goblin. Any of them might be worthy. One stands out more, though. Redfang. But he is not a true Goblin.”
Garen Redfang? Osthia had heard of him, seen his name on bounty posters. His tribe was dangerous, more than a match for one or two Gold-rank teams. His was the kind of tribe that would take an army to root out. Why had Greybeard mentioned him? Was he mixed up in all of this?
“What does Garen Redfang have to do with the Goblin Lord? Is he working with him?”
The old Goblin laughed at Osthia.
“Garen? Work with a Goblin Lord? He might become a Goblin Lord. And then there would be two. Or one if they clash. But that won’t happen.”
“Why not?”
Greybeard’s eyes glittered.
