4.46
Page 8
“I taught myself. Before and after he trained me. He gave me spellbooks. Scrolls. I read more and more and learned from what I read. Now I read all I find. I would have more, but when my army loots cities, they forget books. Food is more important. And swords.”
He looked up at Osthia and tilted his head.
“What other books do you know of? Books on strategy? War?”
Osthia changed the subject quickly. She pointed at the map.
“Is the Necromancer ordering you to attack Invrisil? Is that why you summoned me here?”
He tilted his head at her and seemed to ponder the question. At last, he shook his head.
“No orders. Death, destruction, chaos. Not names. Not attacking Invrisil anyways. Going around. To this mountain.”
He pointed to the map. Osthia walked closer and saw he was pointing to a lone mountain northeast of Invrisil. It was a ways away, but clearly he’d have to pass by Invrisil to get there or take a long detour. Still…why that mountain? She stared at him.
“Is there something important in that mountain?”
“Yes. Goblins.”
He smiled at her surprise. The Goblin Lord walked around the table and Osthia backed up. He wasn’t afraid of her—he had a ring that could combat her acid breath and he might be as strong as she was physically. Still, the proximity to him made her want to try and—she walked back as he spoke.
“I need more Goblins. More tribes. And there are more past Invrisil. One is in mountains. The other…close by. I will have them join my army.”
“How do you know?”
The Goblin shrugged.
“I can sense them. Other Chieftains. Other Goblin Lords, too. Bright. In the distance like…lights.”
The Goblin Lord reached out, his claws touching for something invisible. Osthia shivered. Other Goblin Lords? Impossible! Unless they were hiding? Maybe in the deep jungles of Baleros—or Chandrar? It was possible they could be anywhere, in the mountains, in caves…Goblins lived in almost every climate. But Goblin Lords?
“Where are these other Goblin Lords?”
The Drake tried to keep her voice casual. The Goblin Lord stared into the distance and shook his head.
“Cannot tell. Too far. Only know two…three Chieftains close here. More distant. And many, many more further away. Across oceans…no Goblin Lords on this continent. Just I. And I am brightest.”
“Brightest? What, do you mean strongest?”
That would have reassured Osthia, but the Goblin Lord shook his head.
“No. Others are…dimmer. Do not call other Goblins loudly. May be strong, may not. But they do not say ‘come here’. Other Goblins cannot sense. But I? I shout. And all hear, although all do not obey.”
That made no sense to Osthia. Shining? Dimmer? It was probably a Goblin thing. But if he could sense the others, that confirmed at least one theory about their kind. She filed the information as well as the knowledge of other Goblin Lords away in her mind and stared at the Goblin Lord.
“If you think the Humans will just let you march around the city, you’re wrong.”
“Am I?”
The Goblin Lord looked at Osthia, tilting his head from side to side. She bit her tongue and he laughed.
“You don’t know. A Drake [Soldier] and you don’t know so much. That knowledge tells me much. What you know and don’t know. So. Come. We are moving. Around Invrisil. You come as we march.”
Around the tent, Osthia could hear Goblins shouting at each other and the sounds of activity. They were striking the camp. And today the Goblin Lord wanted Osthia following him around? As a trophy? Or unwilling advisor?
“What if I don’t want to go with you? Will you drag me around?”
