4.47
Page 10
“I’ll try to live up to expectations, Reynold. Now, let’s meet these officers. We have a lot of work to do.”
He strode forwards. And the Humans came to meet him. And even as Magnolia’s coach drove away, rumors were already flying by [Message] spell and people running towards the city. There was a Drake [General] leading Humans. And not just any Drake.
Zel Shivertail, the Tidebreaker.
The world might never be the same.
 
—-
 
Lady Magnolia sat in her carriage, scraping mud off her high heels onto a cushion. Ressa, sitting in the driver’s seat, frowned over her shoulder.
“Stop that. Maids will have to clean all that up.”
“I hate mud, Ressa.”
“Don’t make me come back there.”
“Fine. What did you think of General Shivertail’s speech, Ressa? Truly?”
The [Maid] turned back to the road and twitched the reins. The carriage dodged around a convoy of wagons as the [Wagon Driver] in front screamed and raised his hand as if that could stop the oncoming impact.
“Just what I said. It wasn’t a flashy speech, but it did the job.”
“Mm. I still prefer his famous ‘Defiance on the Roshharn Plains’ speech, or the ‘Liscorian Address’. ”
Magnolia was unconvinced. She grumbled to herself as she settled back into her seat. But then she brightened as she glanced over her shoulder.
“I say, there’s a woman on horseback racing towards Invrisil. Do you think they’re already starting to gossip?”
“I imagine so. I saw several using artifacts. Word is probably already spreading about Zel Shivertail’s speech.”
“Oh good. I do so love an enthusiastic audience. Speaking of which…you have the recording?”
“On the cushion. The spell caught most of his words perfectly, although the angle was slightly off.”
Magnolia found the small crystal Ressa had mentioned and touched it. Instantly, a projection of Zel sprang into life, and his voice echoed throughout the carriage. She stopped the magical memory with a finger and sighed happily.
“I think I’ll put this one in my personal collection. After we copy the spell and sell it of course. How much do you think I should tell my agents to charge for it? A thousand gold pieces for each copy?”
“The first one will earn the most.”
“Mm. I wonder who pays most for this sort of information? Ah, well, I suppose any worthwhile [Informant] would sell to multiple sides at once. Hurry up now Ressa; I want to be the first to sell the information about Zel!”
“I’m hurrying. I can’t control this thing as well as Reynold, though. I nearly killed that man on the road just there.”
The coach drove onwards. Magnolia settled back into her seat, already plotting how to disseminate the information about this new alliance in ways that would profit her. But she broke off from her calculations and looked out the window back towards the camp.
She smiled.
“A Drake [General] leading a Human army. Isn’t that something? It’s like a story. Or a dream, I suppose.”
Ressa’s voice was muffled from her position in the front, but it still conveyed a bit of emotion in her words.
“Yes. You did it, Magnolia.”
“At last. We finally took a step. At last.”
Magnolia smiled with genuine happiness. Then she laughed.
“And what will they say about it? Oh Ressa, the world is changing.”
And within the hour, word was spreading by spell and bird and foot. And the world took notice.
 
—-
 
