4.47
Page 16
Niers broke off. He stared around. They were in his room and he was sitting on his desk. Unbidden, his eyes went to the gold-encrusted letter that Magnolia had sent him. Foliana noticed the look.
“Magnolia Reinhart sends me letters every month. Mm. Yesterday she sent me a letter and a muffin.”
The Fraerling [Strategist] looked up sharply.
“You didn’t eat it, did you?”
“Mm…”
“Foliana! There are more spells and poisons than we can test for—”
“It had blueberries in it. And lots of sugar. And she sends you letters too.”
“Yes, and I don’t eat my letters!”
“So? You read them. Which is worse?”
Niers choked but couldn’t reply. He stared at the letter and listened to Zel speaking in silence.
“Defending home, huh? Doing the right thing. I’d never expect to hear someone allied with Magnolia Reinhart saying that—no, I suppose that’s exactly what she’d say. Only I believe it, coming from him.”
“Reinhart defends her home. Did it in the last Antinium War.”
“Yes, but that was—she’s not the same as him.”
“No. But they both fight for their home. You did, too.”
Foliana turned vaguely accusing eyes to Niers and he looked away.
“Curiosity. That was all, Foliana.”
“Mm. Well, maybe he was curious.”
“Who?”
Foliana pointed at the tiny Drake standing in the magical crystal on the table.
“Him. Maybe he was curious.”
Niers fell silent. He didn’t see Foliana leaving, but he knew she was gone after a while. The Titan sat on his table, replaying the image of Zel speaking again and again, late into the night.
 
—-
 
On Chandrar, various individuals took note of the politics in Izril, but only a few were in any position to care. One, the Emperor of the Sands, considered that the move was unfortunate for his nation since it had the potential to strengthen Izril.
The other, the King of Destruction, was mainly confused.
“Who?”
“The Tidebreaker, my King.”
Orthenon spoke in front of Flos’ throne. The King of Destruction frowned.
“Tidebreaker? The title seems vaguely familiar, but I cannot place it. This Tidebreaker is a Drake [General]?”
“Yes, a famous one. You may not recognize him because he rose to prominence after your slumber, my liege. He defeated the Antinium during two wars and fought the Goblin King and the Necromancer himself. He is considered to be the highest-level [General] the Drakes possess.”
“Interesting.”
Flos’ eyes lit up and a smile crossed his face.
“He sounds fascinating. I suppose this alliance bodes well for Izril, does it?”
Orthenon paused.
“It could be. On the other hand, it could result in turmoil if the Drakes and Humans enter conflict over his switching allegiances. Either way, I do not think this is fortunate news for us. A [General] of his level allied with Magnolia Reinhart is a considerable threat.”
“I am aware. It seems this Goblin Lord is outmatched. A pity. I always wanted to meet a Goblin King.”
“Do not jest please, your majesty.”
“Who says I’m jesting? Ah, come now Orthenon. I missed the Goblin King and they only appear every few centuries! What a disappointment. Come to think of it…be sure to instruct Trey and Teres about the Goblin King, would you? That is an important battle to remember.”
