4.48
Page 20
“We’re cutting down more of them then they are of us…but that doesn’t matter since they outnumber us two to one, does it? I don’t want this to become a battle of attrition, but the Goblin Lord’s realized I’m hunting down his lieutenants. If I can’t get to him or the other important Goblins, this could get ugly.”
He sighed, his eyes focusing on the War Golems as they held a section of the line, tearing up the Goblins around them.
“We should have unleashed the Golems earlier. That was my fault. I didn’t think the Goblin Lord would hesitate to charge in for so long. But if they had gotten him—”
“How do you wish to proceed? Is there a way to corner the Goblin Lord? Or must we simply eradicate his army first?”
“I’m thinking. That trick with the carriage—can you make it fly again?”
Zel addressed Reynold, who had come over. The [Butler] saluted, pale-faced.
“I can, General. But I’m wary of flying it once more—that Goblin Lord is an expert shot. I was attempting to dodge but—”
“I understand. Magnolia, if I propose a dangerous strategy would you lend me Reynold? I can’t guarantee either he or I will survive, but it might end the battle now.”
Magnolia hesitated. She looked at Zel and at Reynold.
“Do you think it will work? Is it worth the risk? What am I saying; it must be if you’re asking. Go! We will support you as best we can!”
“Thank you. Reynold, I need you to drop me off by Thomast’s position first.”
“Yes sir!”
The carriage spun back across the battlefield. Magnolia watched them go and turned to Sacra.
“Do you agree with General Zel’s assessment?”
Sacra ducked her head.
“I do milady. This battle’s had its turns, but neither side is crushing the other. If there’s a way to end it faster, I’d agree with General Shivertail that it’s worth attempting. The longer this goes on the more exhausted our forces become, and the Goblin Lord can start rotating fresh troops in or use his undead. We can’t.”
“I see. Then we must trust—”
Magnolia broke off. There was a group of Goblins approaching her small escort, and she could see more Goblin archers turning towards them.
“Oh dear. It looks like the Goblin Lord has finally noticed us.”
Indeed, Reynolds’s contribution to the battle, not to mention the appearance of the War Golems and Zel Shivertail’s impromptu conference had drawn the ire of the Goblin Lord. His archers sent a shower of arrows flying through the air towards Magnolia’s position. She sighed.
“Bethal? It’s time.”
Both [Ladies] straightened, and as the arrows flew downwards, Magnolia lightly gritted her teeth and whispered a Skill.
“[Deft Hand].”
She reached up and pushed the arrows out of the sky with a flick of her wrist as Bethal used her [Tranquil Skies] Skill to the same effect. It was a thousand times harder than nudging someone across the ballroom or accidentally pushing a [Waiter] so he spilled a drink at the right moment, but Magnolia was a high-level [Lady]. She saw the flight of arrows hit the ground a good twenty paces to her right and sighed in relief.
“Now for the cavalry. Oh, I see we have some of our own coming to our rescue.”
Indeed, a group of riders led by Captain Salvia was racing towards them, but the Goblins would arrive first. Magnolia sighed again, and this time as the Goblins were about to trample over them she raised one hand and flicked it.
“[Polite Deflection]. Shoo.”
