4.49
Page 19
The Goblin Lord was silent. Zel stared up, blood dripped slowly from his wounds. And then stopped.
“How about Reiss? It’s a proper Drake name. If I had a son—Sserys always talked about wanting to raise a boy and name him that.”
Reiss. The Goblin Lord stared at Zel for a second. The Drake laughed.
“Take it if you want it. I don’t think Sserys will mind. And—no, never mind.”
“I will. And I will avenge. Avenge you and my people. I swear it. The Necromancer will die by my hand.”
The Goblin Lord looked at Zel. The Drake eyed him, and then shrugged.
“Good. I hope you do it. But I won’t be around to see it. And truthfully…I would have liked to…”
His voice trailed off. Reiss looked into Zel’s eyes and saw the Drake’s vision had gone distant again. Zel whispered as the Goblin Lord wiped at his eyes again.
“A good job. Did I do it?”
He laughed once.
“I suppose I’ll never know. But I did try. I did—”
Reiss waited a long time, but Zel never finished his sentence. He sat there, the last traces of laughter still on his face. The Tidebreaker stared up at the sky as the walls of ivory finally broke and both armies could see into the dome at last.
There was just silence at first. Reiss sat with Zel, head bowed, until he realized that it looked like both he and Zel were dead. He stood slowly, and heard the Goblins roaring. But from the Human side there was no noise.
There was only silence. Then the Goblin Lord heard a groan from the Humans. It sounded like something living had been torn from them. He saw the armored ranks of men and woman falter, saw some fall to their knees and others begin to weep. The news dawned on the army slowly as they saw the Goblin Lord standing over the distant form of their [General].
Zel Shivertail was dead. The Tidebreaker had fallen.
And the Goblin Lord had slain him.
It was not the truth. Reiss wanted to scream it out loud. But he couldn’t. And the Goblins roared as they saw the fallen Drake and their victorious leader. They streamed towards him, screaming, staring in awe at the fallen Zel Shivertail.
“Dead! Dead, dead, dead!”
Snapjaw shouted the words in triumph. She and the other Goblins were fighting to get to the Goblin Lord, offering potions. One Goblin reached to push Zel Shivertail aside. Reiss whirled and shouted.
“Stop!”
The Goblins froze. The Goblin Lord looked around and pointed to Zel Shivertail’s body.
“Leave body. Anyone who touches, dies.”
They stared at him, and then at the fallen Drake. Reiss wiped at his eyes. He said one word.
“Withdraw.”
He turned and walked away. Uncomprehending, the Goblins stared at him and then followed. Reiss the Goblin Lord led his army away as the Humans stared at the slumped figure in shining armor. They wept, and the cry went up. It echoed across the battlefield, across the city of Invrisil, and out onto the rest of the continent. The words shook the world.
 
—-
 
Magnolia Reinhart wept as she retreated from the battlefield. Ressa, beside her, was dry-eyed, but her hands were tight on her mistress’ arm as she guided Magnolia away. The Lady Reinhart spoke only once as they retreated behind the procession bearing the Tidebreaker’s body away from the battle.
“I am offering a hundred thousand gold coins. No, I will offer a million gold coins or whatever artifacts I own. Spread the word among the Assassin’s Guilds, in every part of the world. I will have the Necromancer dead, Ressa.”
“Yes, milady.”
 
—-
 
