4.49
Page 18
“Return! Apprentice, finish the Drake! Secure his corpse!”
Az’kerash’s voice snapped. He grabbed for a scroll at his side and vanished. The undead around him stared at their master—Ijvani disappeared in a pop as she cast [Lesser Teleport] and the others fled, pulling out scrolls of their own. The Goblin Lord looked around, stunned by the sudden absence of the other undead.
“Hah. Hahaha. Coward.”
Zel Shivertail lay on the ground, laughing. He was still alive. Somehow. The Goblin Lord could see into his head, but the Drake still clung to life. His eyes turned to the Goblin Lord.
“I’m sorry.”
The Goblin Lord said it as he knelt by Zel’s side. He stared down at the Drake, seeing how the enchanted armor had failed in places. The magical metal had been melted in one place, pierced in two. Zel Shivertail stared up at the ivory ceiling overhead. The enchantment was breaking up—the dome was collapsing in places, letting sunlight in.
The Goblin Lord could hear Humans and Goblins shouting outside the dome in confusion. There was still a battle going on. But in this moment he only had eyes for Zel. He felt he should say something.
“I’m sorry. It was not a worthy death. Cowardly. It was—”
He got no further. A hand shot out and grabbed him by the throat. The Goblin Lord choked, tried to move back. He couldn’t. Zel Shivertail sat up, his grip crushing the Goblin Lord’s throat.
“I’m not dead yet.”
He stared at the Goblin Lord with his one good eye. It blazed with a strange light. How could he still move? How could he—the Goblin Lord was choking.
“I could kill you. It would be so easy.”
Zel Shivertail said the words casually. He stared at the Goblin Lord, and then, suddenly, released him. The Goblin Lord stumbled backwards, gasping for air.
“I don’t feel like it. Not anymore.”
Zel stared ahead. His head was—blood dripped from the missing part of his head. His voice was distant.
“I feel so tired. So this is how it ends? Funny, I always thought it would be—quicker.”
He turned his head. The Goblin Lord stared at him. But Zel was no longer looking at him. The Drake [General] looked ahead, and his voice was very distant.
“Sserys, old friend. I couldn’t lead them. I couldn’t inspire them like you did. But I tried. I wonder, would you say this was a job well done? I couldn’t kill the Necromancer, in the end. I only got one of his minions. And…”
His voice trailed off. Zel’s head drooped. His voice was lower. The Goblin Lord moved forwards to hear. Zel’s voice was a whisper as he looked ahead, looked at the past.
“My mentor, my friend, wings of my heart, did I do a good job? Defending our people? It was so very difficult without you. Will I see you, I wonder? Will you say I did a good job or a bad one when we meet?”
“You did.”
The Goblin Lord spoke, his voice trembling. He reached out, hesitated. He spoke, as gently as he could.
“You did. You protected them. Your people. You did it. It was a good job.”
Zel stirred. His eyes focused on the Goblin Lord’s face and he frowned.
“I’ll let Sserys tell me in person, Goblin.”
He stared at the Goblin, and then smiled. It was such a strange thing that the Goblin Lord nearly smiled back. The Goblin brushed at his eyes and was surprised to find water on his claws. Zel looked at him.
“Do you have a name?”
“No. No name. Just Goblin Lord. Apprentice. Goblin.”
The Goblin Lord sat next to Zel as the dome broke. The Drake looked up at the sky. He sighed.
“How strange. Everyone should have a name. It doesn’t seem right. You—should have one.”
