5.00
Page 10
Relc shot up from his table. Erin made up for her slip by disappearing into the kitchen and coming out with some lumpy milkshakes in cups. Mrsha looked up, sorrows forgotten by the promise of something new.
“Want some?”
Erin teased Ilvriss. The Wall Lord sniffed. He took one gulp of the milkshake, put it down, and pushed it aside.
“There is a such a thing as too much sweet, you know.”
“Not in my book!”
Relc was downing his milkshake with record speed. He got halfway through his cup and clutched at his head.
“Gaah! The pain!”
Erin laughed at his brain freeze and then frowned at Ilvriss. She handed Relc the milkshake instead.
“You don’t like sweet stuff, huh? You liked the milk with honey.”
The Drake gave her an arch look as Mrsha lapped at the milkshake and her tail began to wag again. She had to fight with Apista to have the drink—the Ashfire Bee was buzzing excitedly around the milkshakes and Lyonette had to shoo her away.
“I am a connoisseur of food. I appreciate sweet food in moderation, Human. This has all the subtlety of a bag of sugar mixed with milk, which I highly suspect it is. Serve me another half a sandwich and a quality drink. Goat’s milk will do, I suppose.”
“Fine. Jerk.”
Erin grumbled into the kitchen and grumbled out just in time for the door to open. The Halfseekers walked in, looking dispirited and tired. Jelaqua had an arrow sticking out of her shoulder, but they all brightened as they saw and perhaps sensed the change in the inn.
“Hey, is that food I smell? Let me at it!”
Jelaqua waved and grinned at Erin. Erin stared at the arrow. The Selphid noticed and grimaced.
“What, this? Arrow trap, don’t mind me. It’s barbed so I don’t want to get it out yet. Poisoned too, probably. Seborn missed it.”
“I did apologize. I told you something was off about the corridor.”
The Drowned Man looked apologetic. Jelaqua rolled her eyes as she sat at a table and peered at the milkshake Relc was holding.
“Yeah, that’s why I went first instead of you two. ‘Always send a Selphid first’, remember? This body’s nearly done for anyways. Hey, what’s that stuff the Drake’s drinking?”
“It’s sugar. Sweet sugary cold stuff.”
Relc dreamily grinned at Jelaqua. Ilvriss snorted. The Selphid glanced at him and then raised a hand.
“One of those for me! Seborn, Moore?”
“I’ll try it.”
“None for me. But I will have whatever’s for lunch.”
The half-Giant and Drowned Man sat at the same table, and Erin was soon bustling around, asking how the dungeon trip had gone. Ilvriss sat, looking grumpy, chewing on his sandwich, but as Erin had observed, deliberately being here rather than elsewhere.
“Thisissogreat. I’llhavethiseveryday. Ilovethisstuff.”
Relc was vibrating in his seat after his second milkshake and Erin decided he’d had enough. Unlike Ilvriss, Relc couldn’t get enough of the drink, and only her finite amount of milkshake stopped him from racing into the kitchen and running off with the entire batch.
“I bet you could sell this on the streets and you’d earn a bit. It’s good—although it probably is the wrong season for it. I’d love this in the summer.”
Jelaqua commented as she sipped at her milkshake. Relc nodded rapidly and repeatedly.
“Why don’t you sell this stuff more often? It’s great! Beyond great! I’ll buy it all the time! I’ll buy it every day! Why isn’t this on the menu everywhere?”
Erin made a face at Relc as she handed Lyonette a handkerchief. The [Barmaid] cleaned Mrsha’s face as the Gnoll scarfed at her food, appetite restored.
“Because it’s expensive, Relc. I’d have to charge a lot for it—and the price of sugar keeps going up!”
