5.00
Page 5
“It’s just that, y’know, there’s a lot of restaurants closed right now and all the guys in the taverns tell me to shut up when I’m eating. And your place has good food, so…”
“You want to have lunch at my inn.”
Erin said it like it was a question. Relc stared at her.
“Well yeah, that’s what you do, right? Food? Inns? Have you stopped serving food? I’ve got money, I can pay—and I won’t cause trouble with the Goblins. Promise!”
The Goblins. Erin stirred. This wasn’t the first time her keeping Goblins in the inn had caused trouble. She hadn’t dared enter the city on the first day. A small crowd of Drakes had chased her away. She’d asked Bird to watch out for trouble for that reason. He’d had to chase away four Drakes already at night. She looked at Relc, remembering.
“You just want food?”
“Um. Yes?”
“And you’re not going to cause trouble? Really?”
She scrutinized his face. Relc stared at her, perplexed.
“Hey, I don’t cause that much trouble! There are plenty of taverns I’m still allowed to drink at!”
“I’m sure.”
Erin wasn’t convinced. She remembered how Relc had attacked Rags before. And that had been Rags, and that had been before Zel Shivertail had been killed by a Goblin. Her throat closed for a moment and Erin had to pause. Relc waited, uncomprehending, almost insultingly energetic. At last he frowned, sensing Erin’s hesitation.
“Why can’t I come over? Don’t you trust me? Hey—are you still mad at me? I thought I got a pass after Christmas! I got a present from Santa, didn’t I?”
Christmas. Erin nearly laughed at the memory. She controlled the impulse and glared at Relc.
“You did. But as I recall, you hate Goblins. And I have Goblins at my inn.”
“Right.”
Relc stared at Erin. She waited, and then gave up.
“So you’re not planning on attacking them?”
“Why would I do that?”
Erin bit her lip. Relc’s wide-eyed look of confusion was annoying her. She began to feel angry rather than numb. She snapped at the Drake.
“Because you did it last time! You hate Goblins!”
“And you kicked me out. I want lunch. I’m not going to cause trouble now. Duh.”
The Drake spoke as if it were obvious. Erin folded her arms. He sighed.
“Really? Fine. I won’t cause trouble, I promise.”
“Why?”
“I’m hu—”
“Why?”
The Drake grumbled. He fidgeted, spun the spear in his hand and nearly hit Erin on the head, twitched his tail back and forth, and then answered while avoiding Erin’s eyes.
“I miss the inn, okay? And I’m hungry. I can handle some damn G—I won’t cause trouble again. Okay?”
Erin stared at him. Relc looked away and the scales around his cheeks turned slightly red.
“What?”
“You really miss the inn?”
“‘Course I do! It’s got pasta and blue fruit drinks and fun stuff! It was fun to—look, I don’t have to go. It’s just that—it’s the Goblins, right? I can handle them. Really.”
“But I thought you’d be angry at them. You know, with Zel—”
Erin broke off. Relc’s tail drooped and for a second he lost his energy.
“General Shivertail? Yeah. You’re not wrong. I mean, the entire city’s depressed. I bet the other cities are all like this. Those Goblins…but that’s the thing, right? Those Goblins aren’t your Goblins.”
Erin blinked.
“What?”
Relc scratched the spines on his head, trying to explain.
“Well, I mean, they’re not the Goblins who killed General Shivertail, right? Those are probably the only Goblins that I’m sure didn’t do it. So…they’re innocent. Sort of. You keep saying not all Goblins are alike, right? I know those Goblins didn’t do anything. So I can handle being around them.”
