5.00
Page 12
He was somewhere else. Somewhere hundreds of miles away, yet he was connected with the inn through the magic of the door. Erin stared as she heard the distant drums beating and horns blowing. It sounded like there was some kind of celebration or—Hawk stared at her through the doorway.
“It worked. Dead gods.”
His voice was rusty and he coughed as he spoke. Breaking out of her reverie, Erin went to the door. She spoke through it, peering through the other side. She could see houses behind Hawk. He was in a city. No—if he had opened the door that meant—
“Hawk, is this…a Walled City?”
The Courier blinked at Erin. He nodded slowly.
“That’s right. I arrived in Pallass this morning. I didn’t know—I hadn’t heard about the General until then. After that…I found this spot and set up the door like you said. It took a while to figure out how to activate the stone that Pisces gave me. But it worked.”
“Dead gods.”
Someone whispered the words behind Erin. She stared at Hawk, not quite sure she was hearing him right.
“So this is a Walled City? I mean—”
Just like that. Erin stared through the door. It had opened, and suddenly—it was another city. Hawk nodded. He looked tired, but he still seemed surprised as Erin.
“I can barely believe it. I knew that was what you wanted, but—Erin, I ran for the last four days to get here. It wasn’t my fastest run, but I’m a Courier. And now I’m staring at you—that’s one major magical artifact you’ve got here.”
“Wow. I mean—yeah. I knew that, but—a Walled City? Pallass, you said?”
“Pallass! So your door works as you claimed, Human. This is excellent. Extraordinary, even.”
Ilvriss strode towards the door, inspecting it, staring at the place where Erin’s inn stopped and the other city began. Erin stared at the sky. It was the same sky, the same time as far as she could tell, but the sky was bright and blue here. There was no threat of rain around Pallass. It was stunning to see.
“Mind if I come through? I could use a place to sit and rest.”
Hawk gestured to the door. He would have stepped through if Ilvriss and Erin weren’t crowding through. Erin moved aside and them remembered and hopped back in place.
“Hold on! The inn doesn’t have enough mana or whatever to let the door transport more than one person at a time! I think that’s what Pisces said. If you come through, we have to wait twenty four hours.”
“Really? Damn. I suppose there had to be a catch.”
Hawk sighed. Erin hesitated and raised a finger.
“Well, you can come through. I just meant that if you want to go back you have to wait—”
“Oh. In that case—”
“I will be using this door first. I commissioned this new portal, after all.”
Before either Erin or Hawk could react, Ilvriss strode through the door. He walked into the streets of Pallass and looked around.
“Incredible.”
“Hey!”
Erin shouted after him. She raised a fist and shook it at Ilvriss.
“You can’t do that! You jerk! What if Hawk wanted to come back?”
The Wall Lord turned back to look at Erin. Hawk stared at the Human, askance.
“Um, Miss Erin—”
“I hardly need your permission to use the door I paid access for, Human.”
“That was a deal to let you go through, not monopolize the door!”
“Erin, did you just—”
“I required a route back to my home city of Salazsar. The conditions I specified were quite generous. You gave me access to this magical door of yours and I would not only pay you for the use of it, but hire the Courier to install your doorway in Pallass. Which, I might add, is still a long distance away from Salazsar itself.”
