5.01
Page 12
“That is what he claims. Thus, I cannot detain you against your will. But I must insist you be accompanied during your stay here. I will arrange for a guide to show you around the city. Is that acceptable?”
“Oh, totally. Um, does this mean I can—”
“Go.”
Erin nodded. She got up and tiptoed to the door. She opened it, slipped out, and then peeked back into the Watch Captain’s room.
“Uh, sorry for all the trouble.”
He stared at her until she backed away. When she was gone the Watch Captain buried his head in his hands. He’d been Captain of the Day Watch for over eight years and he’d weathered sieges, monster attacks, and political strife without flinching. Now he was close to tears. It was a feeling Watch Captain Zevara would have sympathized with very well.
 
—-
 
Erin left the Watch Captain’s barracks and looked around. A lot had happened. A lot of important stuff. She felt quite bad for the Watch Captain, but relieved that she wasn’t in trouble and no one had died. A lot of people had gotten hurt—mainly by Ilvriss. But the Wall Lord’s strutting around and acting arrogant had helped, for once. He really was a big shot, so much so that he could stab someone in the middle of a street and then boss people about as if he was the injured party.
“Wow. Wall Lords are important. I guess I should be more respectful after all. Too bad I won’t be.”
Erin murmured to herself as she stared around the street. The City Watch’s barracks had only been a street or two away, so she hadn’t seen much of the city. She yearned to look about, but the Watch Captain had said she’d have a guide. Now where was—
“You there! Are you the Human I’m supposed to be showing around?”
Erin’s head turned. She heard a young male voice and saw a Drake with light orange scales striding up to her across the street. She smiled and went to greet him.
“Hi! That’s me! I’m Erin Solstice. Who are you?”
“I’m Nelliam Hailwing, your guide. Technically I’m a [Greeter], but we don’t have many actual [Guides] and I was the only one nearby. I hear you’re some kind of troublemaker. Did you have something to do with that fight an hour ago?”
“No…what gave you that impression?”
Erin tried to look innocent as Nelliam scrutinized her from head to toe. He was a young Drake, and Erin would have said he was in his mid-teens if he was a Human. He stared at her curiously.
“Well, the rumor is that a crazy Human [Mage] teleported a bunch of Gold-rank adventurers into the city to cause trouble. Apparently she’d been hired by a Lord of the Wall to do it! A Wall Lord from Salazsar if you can believe that.”
“Whoa. I have no idea about that. That’s crazy. And not me. I’m just a visitor to the city.”
Erin lied as convincingly as she could. Nelliam looked skeptical, but then he shook his head.
“I guess you don’t look like a [Mage]. Okay then, you want a tour, right? Where should we start?”
“How about from the beginning? I mean, this is a Walled City and I’ve never been here so…I guess my first question is where the walls are.”
“The walls?”
Nelliam looked blankly at Erin. She pointed to the blue sky.
“Yeah, I mean, where are the walls? Aren’t they like, three hundred feet high? Shouldn’t I be able to see them?”
The young Drake stared at Erin and she knew she’d said something stupid. He coughed.
“Um. This is the highest residential level. You can’t see the walls because we’re so high up.”
“We are? I mean—we are?”
The Drake stared at Erin.
“You did climb all the stairs to get to the top of the city, didn’t you? You do remember going up all this way, right?”
“Uh…no.”
