5.01
Page 1
“The streets in Celum aren’t this nice. Liscor either. They have paving stones and stuff. I wonder how this Walled City was made. With magic? It’s three hundred feet high, but are we high up or on the ground? Actually, wait, we’re high up. I can tell because there’s no wall, right?”
Erin pointed past the roofs of the apartments. There was a clear blue sky behind them, but no wall. Hawk nodded.
“We’re high up. I thought that might be the best place to put the magic door. I have to admit, I chose the first empty spot—I thought you could move it later.”
“Right, good idea. Hey Ilvriss where do you think—”
“Shut up!”
The Wall Lord turned and shouted at Erin. Hawk backed up a step. Erin just wiped her face.
“Don’t spit. Hey, do you think the city’s been abandoned?”
Ilvriss stared at Erin for a second. He looked incredulous, and then resigned. He turned and Erin went on, keeping pace with him.
“I’m just saying, maybe something awful’s happened, you know? We haven’t seen anyone.”
“We’ve walked down one street, Human.”
“Yeah, but it’s a long street, isn’t it? And I know we can hear those drums and horns, but what if they’re like…an illusion? But for our ears? What if the city’s empty and something awful has happened? Like—everyone’s turned into zombies!”
“That is the most idiotic—”
Ilvriss paused. Hawk coughed as he caught up with the Human and Drake on Erin’s side.
“It’s not empty, Erin. I saw people not five minutes ago when I was climbing to the top. They’re here.”
“Right, but did you see them or was it all an illusion? Or maybe it was in your head? That’s how they get you! Illusion Zombies! We’ll walk around the corner and then bam! Zombies in your face! We have to survive for an entire day before we get back to Liscor and raise the alarm! It’s a classic scenario!”
Erin waved her hands over her head. Ilvriss and Hawk stared at her and then exchanged a glance that said it all. Erin saw Ilvriss rub at his temples and lowered her arms.
“Okay, I’ll stop being silly.”
“Wait, that was an act?”
Hawk stared at Erin. Ilvriss shook his head.
“Impossible. No one can pretend to be that stupid—”
He broke off, eying Erin hard. She grinned at him and Hawk and shrugged innocently.
“Maybe? I’m just a stupid Human, aren’t I? Oh look, I think we’ve found people.”
She walked ahead as both males halted in their tracks and stared at her back. Ilvriss made a fist with one clawed hand, and then stopped. Because they’d found the citizens of Pallass at last.
The residential street opened up onto a much larger thoroughfare ahead of them. Erin stared. She’d seen streets, and she’d seen roads. This was a mega road, so broad that it could have probably been compared to the six-lane highways of Erin’s world. And it was filled with people.
Drakes, hundreds of them, filled the road, their backs to Erin, Ilvriss, and Hawk. And as they walked closer they saw that the Drakes were lined up down both sides of the street in either direction. They were standing shoulder-to-shoulder, some standing on stairs for a better view, others holding small Drake children up to see.
They were waving flags, and many were armed. But this wasn’t a mob scene—rather, Erin could hear thunderous cheering! She stared and the pieces fell into place. A Drake waving a flag emblazoned with a city and potion and hammer on it? It had to be Pallass’ symbol. And the drums and trumpets? Now Erin was close enough she could hear they were playing a tune.
