5.01
Page 11
Erin grinned hopefully at the Watch Captain across the table from her. An hour had passed. In that time she’d first been searched, and then, at Ilvriss’ insistence, left untouched. The Lord of the Wall had demanded both the Gold-rank adventurers and Relc be unshackled and treated as guests rather than prisoners City Watch had been unable to refuse his request.
After that, there had been some awkward standing around, many questions asked, and Jelaqua had asked someone to pull the arrows out of her chest. Then had come the urgent messages from Zevara, a bit too late, and also a notification of the prisoners that Lyonette had taken in The Wandering Inn.
Now Erin sat across a table from the Captain of the Watch on active duty. The Drake was wearing bright yellow armor and massaging his temples with one clawed hand as he listened to her convoluted explanation of what had happened.
“Let me see if I understand you correctly, Miss, ah, Erin. Your inn has a magical doorway capable of teleporting a user over four hundred miles.”
“Yup!”
“And you happen to know a Lord of the Wall who is seeking passage to his home city. And so you and Wall Lord Ilvriss hired a Courier to install this…portal doorway…in my city.”
“That’s sort of how it happened.”
“And—and I can’t believe this is a detail—your inn also has five Hobgoblin warriors and hosts a Gold-rank team of adventurers.”
“And a Silver-rank team. The Horns of Hammerad. They’re nice people, but they weren’t around.”
“I see.”
The [Captain] stared at Erin’s desperate smile and then looked back at the report in front of him. He massaged his temples again. Erin felt rather bad for him, actually.
“So…are we in trouble?”
“Let me see here. Thirteen wounded members of the City Watch, illegal entry, illegal use of a high-grade magical artifact, resisting arrest—”
“Hey, I surrendered! My hands were up the entire time! Mostly the entire time.”
“—resisting arrest, taking two members of the City Watch prisoner, sheltering Goblins—”
“Sheltering and feeding.”
Erin helpfully interjected. The [Captain] buried his face in his claws. Erin reached across the desk and patted him on the shoulder.
“Please don’t do that.”
“Sorry. But are we in trouble?”
The Watch Captain looked glum.
“I should arrest you. I would arrest you, but Wall Lord Ilvriss has asserted his rights. He is in the wrong, but as you were all acting on his orders…I could arrest the others for assaulting [Guardsmen], but he would object.”
“And that’s a bad—”
“That would cause a diplomatic incident that I am not qualified to handle. For now, you’re not under arrest, but we’re keeping the Selphid, guardsman Relc, and the Drowned Man here. Their weapons are being impounded until we sort this out with Liscor.”
“Oh. That’s uh, okay, I guess. But what about Hawk and me?”
The Drake shook his head gloomily. Hawk had already left the barracks after showing them his Courier’s seal.
“The Courier? He fulfilled his request to the letter. That he was unaware of Pallass’ laws is a matter for the Runner’s Guild. We’ll send a formal complaint to them. As for you—”
Erin gave him her most winning smile. The [Captain]’s eye twitched a bit.
“—You’re free to go. But given that your uh, magical door is in use right now for the purpose of communication, I must insist you stay in the city’s limits.”
“Okay, I can wander around—”
“No.”
The [Captain] shot out of his chair. He eyed Erin, and then sat.
“You are part of Wall Lord Ilvriss’ entourage so I am bound to assure your safety—”
“I am? He said that? Wow, that’s so nice of him!”
The Watch Captain ground his teeth together.
