5.01
Page 20
“Sorry! I didn’t teleport anyone! It was my door!”
“What?”
“My door!”
The Drake and Human walked off as Nelliam disappeared behind them. The [Captain] was silent, but Erin was curious so she began to pester him with questions.
“What’s so important about the door? Is there more trouble?”
“Not exactly. A few members of our Assembly—that’s ah, like Liscor’s Council only we elect numerous representatives from all of the major Guilds to vote on issues—a few members met with Liscor’s council. They used the door to communicate. I gather that Wall Lord Ilvriss will be fined, but there will be no criminal charges.”
“Oh. Good. So why do they want me?”
The [Captain] avoided Erin’s gaze. He coughed.
“I think the existence of such a powerful artifact that can transport people between locations is the issue at stake. The convenience and possible security risk means you, as the owner, need to be present in case the artifact is subject to fines or confiscation.”
“Confiscation? Hey, wait a minute…that’s not right!”
“I’m just doing my duty.”
“Oh yeah, well what if I have a problem with people taking my door?”
“It is a possible security risk to Pallass. If necessary we may be forced to seize it—”
“Seize it? If you do, I’ll shove this fist so far up—no, wait, that’s gross. I’ll shove the door so far up—”
“It’s not decided yet. Please, follow me.”
The Watch Captain edged away from Erin as he led her back towards the doorway. Erin stomped after him, muttering.
“Some city this is. First they arrest me, and then they try to take my door? We’ll see about that.”
She narrowed her eyes. Erin stomped through the streets after the nervous Watch Captain and found a crowd around the alleyway with the magic door. There were a lot of Drakes in expensive clothing forced to stand elbow-to-elbow in the cramped alleyway. A few Gnolls too, which was surprising. The Assembly of Crafts looked at Erin as she stormed up and she saw Ilvriss, Relc, Jelaqua, and Seborn all standing outside the door. Hawk was there too, sheepishly hiding behind a tall Gnoll.
“Hey! Are you jerks trying to steal my door?”
The important-looking Drakes and Gnolls stared blankly at Erin and then one of them, a Gnoll with a paunch and bright reddish-brown fur, spoke.
“We are considering impounding this magical artifact due to the potential security risk it poses as well as the economic advantages it confers. You are the [Innkeeper] and owner of this artifact, correct?”
“That’s right. I’m Erin Solstice. Who are you?”
The Gnoll blinked down at Erin. He was wearing an expensive vest and had a skullcap on his head—the first time Erin had seen a Gnoll wearing any kind of hat.
“I am Errif Jealwind, a [Merchant] and the current head of the Merchant’s Guild in Pallass. I am one of the Head Speakers for the Assembly of Crafts. We have reviewed the incident involving Wall Lord Ilvriss’s intrusion into this city and are debating what punitive measures may be taken.”
“Okay. And you think you can take my door, huh? Why? Because it’s a threat?”
The Gnoll blinked as Erin glared at him. She wasn’t impressed by his titles. He nodded.
“And because it can open up trade between any city we want. Imagine the possibilities!”
“But it’s my door.”
This fact didn’t seem to impress Errif. He flicked a furry paw.
“We will of course, compensate you for the artifact. However, this is a matter of security. We cannot just have visitors entering the city magically. Wall Lord Ilvriss’ intrusion was highly illegal and his noble status does not render him immune to the laws. Once he is fined we will require his return to Liscor.”
