5.01
Page 22
“Let the [Innkeeper] go, Captain. I am relieved that she is open to reason, unlike Wall Lord Ilvriss.”
A few of the Drakes around Errif laughed. One of them spoke up, playing with a pendant at her neck.
“I thought he might draw his sword on us. Wall Lords from Salazsar are so…temperamental.”
“Hotheaded. Quite unable to negotiate. It’s one thing to bargain from a position of strength, and yet another to stride into our city and begin making demands. Especially given that he was the one responsible for General Shivertail’s…”
Erin gritted her teeth as she walked through her doorway. She was back in her inn in a moment. She saw Zevara and a group of Liscor’s [Guardsmen] standing anxiously in front of the doorway. The Watch Captain looked upset, and Ilvriss did indeed look like he was considering going back through the doorway and stabbing Errif. Erin saw Lyonette wringing her hands anxiously.
“Erin, I’m so sorry—”
Erin cut her off with a hand. She stared back at Errif and raised her voice.
“Hey you! Mr. Gnoll! Yes, you, the fat, ugly one!”
The Senators of Pallass looked around. Errif’s jaw dropped in shock. Erin stepped back through the doorway.
“You may be a big shot in Pallass, but you can’t just take my door! It’s mine! And all your stupid stuff about security? That’s a lie, isn’t it? You just want my door because it’s cool. Well, you can’t have it.”
Errif stared at Erin for a second, and then turned back to his fellow senators and laughed lightly, dismissing Erin with a wave.
“Humans, they’re so…Watch Captain Venim, please deal with her, won’t you?”
The Watch Captain apprehensively raised his hand, but Erin wasn’t done. She pointed at Errif as she edged back into her inn.
“Not so fast, jerk! I’m not letting you have my door! And I’m going to make sure you guys can’t steal it!”
Errif’s brow furrowed.
“What is she talking about?”
Erin stepped forwards again, into Pallass.
“You think you’re so smart. Well, guess what? I can just change whether or not this door opens in Pallass. I’ll cut you off! How about them apples? Then there won’t be a security breach! So you can’t have my door!”
The Gnoll hesitated. One of the Drake senators, the female one, looked concerned.
“Can she do that? That would mean legally—”
Errif eyed Erin apprehensively. The young woman stared challengingly at him. He stared at the door set into the wall and spoke with forced confidence.
“The door is open. It’s a clear threat.”
“Oh yeah? Well, send your City Watch through this door and it’ll be a lot more threat. Anyone puts a claw through my door and I’ll hit them with a pan! And I bet Ilvriss will totally stab them! And I have a bunch of Goblins who’ll beat you up! And an Antinium guard!”
Erin backed up through the doorway, fists raised threateningly. The Assembly of Crafts stared and saw a black hand waving from the back of the crowd in Liscor.
“I believe that is me. Hello, Erin.”
“Antinium.”
Several of the Drakes paled and Errif backed up. He looked at the Watch Captain.
“Those are the Antinium of Liscor? Dead gods, I thought those Drakes were insane, but in an inn? Watch Captain, move your soldiers—”
“Not yet!”
Erin leapt through the doorway. Errif blinked at her, but Erin hopped back through to Liscor. She ran back through to Pallass again, feeling slightly stupid. But then there was a groan from the Drake [Mage] by the doorway.
“Senator Jealwind, the Human is draining the magic—”
“She’s what?”
