5.01
Page 5
“Yeah, but Pallass? That’s…far! And this is a Walled City, not Celum. It’s not like you can just walk in here! Normally you have to wait at the gates and they get really mad at you if your city is at war with theirs. And now we’re here!”
Relc indicated the city as a whole, his tail wagging excitedly. Jelaqua nodded.
“And so’s Miss Erin. Let’s start walking and find her first. Seborn, thoughts?”
“I see some fresh fur this way. Looks like the Courier went this way, and I’d assume that the Wall Lord and Erin went with him.”
Seborn stood up and let a miniscule pinch of fur drift to the ground. Jelaqua nodded. She set off at a steady pace with Seborn ranging ahead and Relc caught up after another few seconds of staring.
“Hey, why aren’t you more impressed? We’re in a Walled City! Isn’t that amazing?”
“Sure is. But I’ve been travelling back between Celum and Liscor for over a month now. This is special, but not as surprising as the first time it happened.”
Jelaqua replied casually. The truth was that Erin’s magical door had been incredible the first time the Selphid had laid eyes on it. Even now she was impressed by its capabilities, and not a little bit jealous of Erin’s good fortune in obtaining it. It was like a free [Teleport] spell! And the Horns of Hammerad had given it to Erin as thanks for funding their group? Jelaqua wondered if that was friendship or folly.
As for being in a Walled City…she could only shrug in response to Relc’s indignation.
“I’ve been in large cities in Baleros before. Liscor’s small compared to some of the cities owned by the Four Great Companies. I know this is one of the Drake capital cities, but surely Liscor’s comparable to Pallass?”
“Comparable? Are you joking? I mean, our army’s good, but Pallass is at least three times the size of Liscor! And it’s a major military power. The army here is seriously bad news—I hear it was deployed a month ago at Rheist. They tore up a bunch of other armies in a big battle there.”
“Wait, there was a war between the Drakes? I didn’t hear anything about that!”
Jelaqua frowned. A civil war was huge news! But Relc just shook his head.
“What, that? That’s normal. That’s politics and stuff for you. It’s not a war, war, right? It’s more like an argument.”
“An argument that ends up in a pitched battle?”
“Yup!”
Relc twirled his spear happily. Jelaqua stared. He tried to explain.
“Well, the Walled Cities fight all the time. You know, some Lady of the Wall calls a Watch Captain an ‘eggsucking lizard’ and there’s a big war. Obviously no one conquers the Walled Cities, but lesser cities get stormed now and then, and sieges can go on for months sometimes. I think there’s a siege going on around one of the other Walled Cities right now. Liscor’s army is fighting there.”
Jelaqua shook her head at Relc’s description of Drake politics.
“You make it sound so casual. One Drake insults another and you go to war over it? In Baleros, it’s all about gain. We fight over land, over precious resources, magical artifacts, fishing waters…”
“Oh, we do that too. It’s just that we fight each other even if we don’t need those other things.”
Relc happily assured the two adventurers. Seborn grunted as he looked around. There were very few people about and the Drowned Man was looking wary.
“Pretty empty for the middle of the day. Aren’t the Walled Cities supposed to be full of people?”
