5.02
Page 14
“You never did tell me all about what happened in Pallass. Was it really that bad?”
“What, Pallass? Nah. It looked really cool, actually! It’s just…those jerks at the end were really something, weren’t they? Trying to take the magical door on trumped up charges—I’m glad I managed to cut the connection!”
Erin nodded to herself. Lyonette peered at her, choosing her words cautiously.
“So you don’t think there will be trouble? I mean, you did break the laws of the city. And didn’t you get hauled into the Watch Captain’s office? How’d you get out of that?”
“Oh, I talked my way out of it. Don’t worry, it’s cool.”
The [Innkeeper] waved a hand airily. She paused when she saw Mrsha’s head raise to stare at her and Lyonette’s flat look.
“What? Don’t you believe me?”
“Um…no.”
“Come on! I’m not stupid enough to cause trouble!”
“That’s not what Wall Lord Ilvriss said. He said—”
“That I acted like an idiot?”
Erin folded her arms, smiling slightly. Lyonette paused.
“Uh, well, he was a bit ruder than that. But yes. Erin, you can be a bit aimless. I just think that—”
Erin rolled her eyes.
“Lyonette, that was the point.”
“What?”
The [Barmaid] stared at Erin. The young woman grinned, spreading her arms out wide.
“Of course I acted like an idiot! We were in huge trouble and there I was, in another city getting yelled at by some very angry—and very heavy—Drakes! I bet you they would have thrown the book at me, but I pretended everything was Ilvriss’ idea and that I had no idea what was going on!”
Erin tapped the side of her nose knowingly.
“You see Lyonette, there’s one good way to make angry people less angry at you and that’s to pretend to be as stupid as they think you are. Like a dumb Human tourist.”
She grinned as Lyonette gaped at her. Then she pitched her voice higher and made her eyes widen innocently.
“Oh, I just happen to have a magical door, [Captain]! What’s that? It’s illegal? Well, no one told me. And hey, you can’t take my door!”
She grinned, abandoning the fake voice.
“And then, while they’re all laughing at you behind your back, you move your knight to F7 and wipe the smug looks off their faces! Hah!”
She punched her fist into her hand and smiled. Erin looked around the inn. Mrsha and Lyonette were staring at her.
“What? I do it all the time. You’re telling me you’ve never seen me acting stupid? Like I did with Ylawes the other day? No? I thought it was obvious!”
Erin looked from face to face. She frowned.
“Wait, don’t tell me you thought I was just being stupid. You don’t think I’m actually dumb enough to do all those things on purpose, right? Right?”
Lyonette avoided her gaze. Mrsha turned around and pretended to be interested in her hardtack. Erin covered her face.
“Aw. Really? Come on!”
“It’s a really good act, Erin. I had no idea.”
It was hard to meet Erin’s eyes, so Lyonette compromised by pretending to be interested in Mrsha’ hardtack. The innkeeper glared in mock outrage at both Lyonette and Mrsha.
“Everyone thinks I’m an idiot, is that it? Well in that case, I guess I’ll pretend to be even dumber!”
She struck a silly pose and waved around, giving Lyonette and Mrsha her most vacant expression. Mrsha started giggling and Lyonette managed to grab the saliva-covered hardtack out of her jaws at last. Erin began walking around, pointing at things and exclaiming.
“Look at me, I’m a stupid Human! I don’t know what things are! Is that a wall? Wow? And hey look, a table! I bet you could eat your dinner off that! Wow, walking is fun. Too bad I’m so dumb I can’t even walk straight. Dum dee dum dee dum—”
