5.02
Page 16
“The door which you own and which violated their laws once. But they’re claiming that since the doorway can be activated at any time it represents a current and pressing security risk, never mind that they could toss their side of the portal off their walls anytime they choose. It’s become a political matter I’m afraid.”
Zevara finished her mug and Erin went to get her another. She looked tired and frustrated, and Erin could understand the problem. She spread her hands on the table as she sat, thinking hard.
“Okay, so Pallass is making a fuss for no good reason. If they don’t get the door, Liscor suffers. Which isn’t fair.”
“No. You’re not a citizen of the city. They’re essentially telling us to take the door from you and give it to them. And they know they can threaten us because we need their supplies!”
Zevara ground her teeth together.
“Cold-tailed bastards. I always thought we had an amicable relationship with their city, but it turns out that they’re willing to cut us off in an instant for a single magical artifact.”
“To be fair, my door’s really cool.”
The Drake woman glared at Erin and the [Innkeeper] raised a hand.
“Sorry, but that’s sort of how it is, right?”
Zevara sighed.
“You’re not wrong. Moving anyone four hundred miles in an instant is magic on par with something Magnolia Reinhart might own, or, well, another Walled City. It’s a powerful artifact even if it does have limits. They want it and Liscor’s council might cave in rather than suffer a trade war. Our economy can’t handle it.”
Erin was silent for a moment. She could see what was coming. She looked at Zevara.
“So is this the part where you ask me to hand over the door before you have to take it?”
She thought she might give it to the Drake if it came to that. If it came to that—Erin’s heart ached. What could she do? Fight?  Let Pallass bully Liscor? Or could she give it away, maybe, get rid of it? But to her surprise the Watch Captain looked incredulous.
“Me? Give in to those thugs? You have my intentions all wrong, Solstice. I’m not here to comply with Pallass’ demands. I’m here to resolve the situation.”
She stood up. Erin stared at her for a second and then stood up too.
“Okay, you have my attention. What’s the plan?”
Zevara walked over to the magical door, the source of all the strife. She tapped it curiously.
“I need you to activate it and open the portal…magic teleportation…whatever, to Pallass. Not Celum.”
“To Pallass? But isn’t that the problem?”
The Watch Captain nodded.
“It is. But I’m only asking you to keep it open for a few seconds. Then someone will come through. You’ll have to let them back out, but if it’s only uh, active for a few moments no one should detect it.”
She waited, her eyes on Erin. The Human hesitated, but then she nodded.
“Okay, I can do that. For a few seconds. Lyonette! Take Mrsha upstairs!”
She went into her kitchen to grab the mana stone. She also carefully put two kitchen knives on the counter and made sure her frying pan was within easy reach. Alchemist’s potions over there…Bird was on the roof. Well then.
Erin walked back out, smiling innocently with mana stone in hand. Zevara stood well back of the door, her eyes on the stone. It was green and glowed in the light. It had been cut from an emerald—gemstones were the basis of mana stones, apparently.
“Do you need to cast a spell or do some sort of—”
Erin stuck the stone on the door. It latched onto place, as if held by a magnet. She turned to Zevara.
“There. All done.”
Zevara stared at the door. She stared at Erin. The young woman smiled.
“Well?”
