5.02
Page 15
She stumbled across the room acting like a drunken zombie. Mrsha was rolling around on the ground laughing silently and Lyonette was grinning. Then the door opened.
Zevara strode through the doorway. Erin froze. The Watch Captain eyed her and sighed.
“Human, we need to talk.”
She stopped in place and eyed Erin as the girl froze with both arms waving. Mrsha sat up and Lyonette turned with the wet sticky mess in her hands. Zevara coughed.
“Am I interrupting something?”
Erin lowered her hands and sighed.
“Just fun. Come on in Watch Captain. Is this the part where you yell at me and call me a stupid Human?”
She ushered Zevara over to a table. The Watch Captain sat, looking serious.
“I’m not here to reprimand you, Miss Solstice. That incident with Pallass was a disaster, but Wall Lord Ilvriss instigated the mess and I can’t hold you responsible for the rest of it. With that said—”
“I know it was bad. I’m sorry.”
Zevara blinked. Erin sighed and she waved at Lyonette.
“Lyon—can you get us some drinks? When you’ve gotten rid of that stuff and washed your hands obviously. Mrsha, no, don’t chase after it. Just let it—I’ll get the drinks.”
She got up and disappeared behind her counter. Zevara blinked as Erin came back with a mug of ale for her and milk for herself.
“You don’t drink?”
“Eh, I have [Alcohol Immunity] or something like that. There’s no point and milk tastes better. Is this good? You want something stronger?”
Zevara peered into her mug and shook her head.
“This is fine…thank you. I’m ah, here today because of the incident in Pallass. Have you heard of the fallout from that encounter?”
“Let me guess. I’m in trouble for throwing a chair at the senators? Or…Hawk’s been arrested? Or is it worse than that?”
Erin looked glum. Zevara shook her head.
“None of that, actually. In fact, we’ve had several exchanges with Pallass. The Assembly of Crafts is not happy at all about what you did, but they’re prepared to let the matter rest…”
“…In exchange for the door.”
“Correct. They say they’d drop all charges and offer you compensation if you agree to sell it to them.”
The Watch Captain saw Erin groan and massage at her head. She coughed.
“I understand that you had reason to defend yourself, and I am on your side in this matter, Miss Solstice.”
“You are? Even though I tried to throw a chair at—”
Zevara nodded. She looked annoyed as she took a draft from her mug.
“I was negotiating with Pallass right up until you arrived. They were prepared to march their troops through the doorway and seize the door regardless of Liscor’s laws. And they told me—and Liscor’s council—that if we didn’t comply with their demands there would be consequences. They began making good on their promise this morning.”
“Wait, what? How?”
The Watch Captain took another drink from her mug.
“So long as the door is not returned to them, we will be subject to a trade embargo. No goods from our city will enter Pallass—which isn’t such a huge loss—but they will cease all exports to our city until their demands are met.”
Erin gulped.
“That sounds…bad. Is it?”
Zevara nodded grimly.
“Over half of the arms our City Watch uses are made in Pallass. Have you heard of Pallassian steel? You have?”
She blinked, shook her head and went on.
“Well, Pallass exports both weaponry and alchemical goods. We don’t have more than one or two low-level [Alchemists] in Liscor, and if they decide to cut off supplies we suffer. Not to mention, Pallass is on the trading route north to Liscor. They can easily create a trade blockade with their military.”
“Ah. And uh, this is all over the door.”
