5.02
Page 19
“You’re telling me that will solve everything? What if the paperwork gets denied?”
Zevara picked up a piece of parchment, studying it, and Venim shook his head.
“Unfortunately a few [Clerks] were processing requests this morning. They ‘accidentally’ signed everything without knowing the current situation. All I have to do is file this and you’re approved. Too late for the Assembly of Crafts to do anything about it.”
He indicated some signatures on the parchment. Zevara nodded as she handed the parchment to Erin.
“It’s not perfect, but it takes away the Assembly’s excuse for pressuring Liscor. Now you’re their problem and technically they’d be breaking the law themselves if they tried to confiscate your door. They might come up with more charges, but it’s an issue between you and them, and Watch Captain Venim assures me that he can talk the senators around given half the chance.”
The two Watch Captains looked at Erin. She studied the documents, a frown on her face. When she looked up it wasn’t with whole-hearted willingness.
“It sounds like I’m a convenient pawn in this situation. I’m the Human with the magic door—so that means Liscor doesn’t get pressured because I’m just a Human who doesn’t know what’s what, and Pallass focuses on me instead.”
Zevara fiddled with her claws and Venim coughed.
“We can’t avoid that. But it stops Liscor from entering the picture and I’ll do my best to convince the senators. Just the idea of trying to transport a magical artifact all the way on foot to Pallass without another force intercepting it is ludicrous. It’s a burden we don’t need and both our cities could benefit from having access to each other, not to mention Celum. I’m sorry Miss Erin, but this is the best we can come up with at the moment.”
Erin stared from face to face and then sighed.
“I get it. With great door teleportation must come great responsibility, huh?”
Zevara and Venim looked blank. Erin scowled.
“No one gets my jokes. I miss home.”
She reached for the quill.
“Okay, where do I sign? And why are there so many pieces of parchment?”
Venim smiled in relief. He stood up and began handing pieces of parchment to Erin as Zevara sat back in her chair.
“There’s no precedent for this, which is why you have these forms here—I’ve filled them out so you’re claiming your doorway as part of your inn. And your inn will be a place of business with a magical artifact that has both a presence in Pallass and outside of it—sign on both these leasing permits, please.”
“Okay. Here and here…whoops, the ink’s getting everywhere. Sorry about that.”
“No—problem.”
Venim snatched the parchment up and blew on it hurriedly before the ink could blotch some of the writing. He waited until Erin had signed all the pieces of paper and then gathered them up.
“I’ll process them the instant I return. Miss Solstice, you’ve done my city a favor, whether the Assembly of Crafts thinks so or not. We’ll work with your city—take it from me, politicians are one thing but Watch Captains support our own. You won’t regret this.”
Erin massaged her hand. That had been a lot of signatures for so few pieces of parchment. She got up, smiling at Zevara and Venim.
“Well, I did cause some of the mess. And I guess it’s worth it to have a doorway to Pallass, right? Your city is beautiful, Watch Captain Venim.”
He flushed with pride. Then the Watch Captain hesitated, and shifted.
“Unfortunately we have one last issue to resolve, Miss Solstice. I hate to ask it of you, but—”
“What?”
Venim looked embarrassed.
