5.03
Page 11
“Rainy season? It has begun already? Oh no. Oh no.”
Belgrade’s arms folded around himself. He began to rock back and forth in his seat. Two of his arms gripped the table and he started repeating the words anxiously.
“Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no—”
“Belgrade?”
Erin looked at him, alarmed. Anand put a hand on Belgrade’s shoulders and the Worker stopped rocking, although he kept repeating the same words. Anand looked apologetic as he clicked his mandibles together gently.
“You will have to forgive Belgrade, Miss Erin. He does not do well during this time of the year. He nearly drowned two years ago.”
“Oh. I’m so sorry Belgrade. That’s terrib—wait, how can you drown underground?”
“The water, the rushing water. The walls breaking, the water—”
Belgrade shivered. Anand raised one hand as the other three patted his friend on the shoulder. He pointed to the dirt walls of the Hive around them.
“This season is problematic for the Antinium, Miss Erin. We do our best to ensure the integrity of the Hive, but accidents happen. Water can burst through the tunnels and it is particularly dangerous to us when it does, given our inability to swim. Belgrade only survived by holding his breath until the water could be drained from the tunnel he was trapped in.”
“That makes sense. But all that water comes from above? It’s just rain. There’s not that much water. Unless the rivers overflow?”
Erin stared blankly at the two Workers. They exchanged a look.
“I believe your knowledge of what occurs during this part of the year is…incomplete, Miss Erin. I would elaborate, but I fear that I do not know what occurs aboveground during this period of time. The Antinium do not go above the surface in the first two months of spring.”
“Why?”
“The water.”
Belgrade whispered the words. Erin stared at him, leaned back in her table, and shook her head.
“Okay, I think I’ll have to ask Klbkch about this. Or Selys. I’m going to see her next.”
Anand nodded.
“That would be wise. They no doubt have a more coherent explanation than we. But did you need to see us specifically, Miss Erin? Revalantor Klbkch will doubtless be busy with his duties.”
Erin paused. Why was she down here again?
“Oh, right. I have a proposition for you two. Look, my inn’s in a tight place but I have this idea, see—”
She explained briefly to Anand and Belgrade. Both Workers nodded, intrigued by her idea. Belgrade stopped rocking long enough to give his opinion.
“We can do this for a few more days. At least before the water rises. Tonight we will come.”
“Good!”
Erin smiled, relieved. She got up and the two Workers did likewise.
“I’d love to play a few games, but I have to see Selys next. You said Klbkch is busy, right? Well, I’ll ask Selys about this rain thing.”
“Good. We shall escort you to the surface to reduce delays.”
Anand and Belgrade got up. The Workers flanked Erin as she exited the tunnels. Anand shook his head.
“I do apologize that we could not inform you of the events surrounding the rainfall, Miss Erin. But most Antinium understand little of the world around us. Belgrade and I are privy to some of the Hive’s knowledge, but…”
Erin smiled at him as they walked. This time the Workers and Soldiers kept moving, although she sensed them peeking at her.
“No problem Anand. I totally get it. Your experience is different than mine. But Liscor changes a lot this month, huh?”
The Worker nodded.
