5.03
Page 10
The Antinium stared at her. Erin hesitated. Then as one they turned and pointed. Erin stared at the tunnel they’d indicated and saw the nearest Workers to her make way.
“Oh? Am I supposed to—”
They stared at her. Erin gingerly edged forwards and walked through the gap the Workers had created. The Antinium watched her go, silent, staring at the Human in their tunnels. Vibrant, colorful, alive. They heard her voice as she navigated down the tunnels, echoing back at them.
“Sorry, sorry. Oops—this way, right? Thank you. Okay, I’m going—wow, it’s dark in here. Sorry, I know you’re probably in a hurry, right? I don’t want to get in the way, you can keep walking or doing whatever you—oh boy, Klbkch is going to be so mad at me.”
 
—-
 
“So uh, hi.”
Erin stood in front of Anand and Belgrade. They’d met her in one of the tunnels, well, practically run her over in point of fact. They’d swiftly escorted her into a side room, mainly to end the Hive-wide traffic jam. Now they sat around a small table with a chess board on top of it.
This was Anand and Belgrade’s personal strategy room. It had some maps of the Hive, a real chess board and one of Erin’s improvised Go boards, and some pieces of parchment and a quill and ink. Erin stared around the small room, seeing the spot where Belgrade had hurriedly rolled up all the maps of the Hive and stuffed them away. Military secrets, she supposed. She glanced at the Workers again. They hadn’t responded to her greeting.
“It’s not like I meant to cause a holdup. I kept telling the other Antinium to keep going without me. And I uh, thought I could just sort of wander about and find one of you guys. You know, casually?”
She peered hopefully at them. Belgrade and Anand shared a look. Belgrade was the first to speak.
“You are lucky you were not killed within seconds of entering the Hive.”
“Oh.”
Erin stared at Belgrade.
“But I wasn’t. I thought I had permission.”
The Worker nodded slowly.
“Yes. But your exact description was not passed to the Soldiers on duty. It is extremely fortunate they either recognized you from previous encounters or believed your self-identification.”
“Ah. Well, that’s good. I uh—killed?”
Belgrade nodded. Erin gulped.
“Okay, well, I’m not doing that again. I thought—did you guys know I was looking for you?”
Anand shook his head.
“We were investigating the disturbance. When you entered the Hive all flows of traffic halted, which immediately warranted our attention. I have never seen the Hive simply—stop like that before.”
Erin winced. She fiddled with a bishop on the chess board. Anand stared at her for another beat and then seemed to become more alert.
“This incident was surprising to say the least, but minor. Miss Erin, I believe your intrusion has resulted in the best results possible especially given all the outcomes. The Hive was not unduly affected by your presence, and I must believe it is warranted by some need. How can Belgrade and I help you? Or is it Pawn or Revalantor Klbkch you seek?”
He waited expectantly. By his side Belgrade folded his hands—all four of them. Erin looked relieved and pondered how best to start.
“Alright, okay. To begin with…did you know it’s raining?”
The two Workers exchanged a glance. Anand shook his head.
“We did not, Miss Erin.”
“Oh. Well, it is. Just thought you should know. You see, Zevara—you know, the angry Drake Watch Captain lady? She said it’s the beginning of the rainy season in Liscor and I thought—”
Erin got no further because at her words Belgrade suddenly tensed up. His mandibles opened and he shuddered.
