5.03
Page 6
“But I must guard. And I have permission to hunt. I am waiting for fish-birds to come out.”
“Fish birds? Bird, there are no fish birds.”
“There…aren’t?”
Lyonette paused, staring into the Worker’s downcast face. She hesitated.
“Um, well, I’m not certain. Why not? I’m sure there are birds that go out in the rain. Actually, I lied. There are most definitely fish birds, Bird.”
The Worker nodded happily, faith restored in the world.
“I knew it.”
Life was good for Bird. He was especially happy Revalantor Klbkch had ordered him not to kill the Hobs just yet. Bird had kept an eye on them every night under strict orders from his Hive and he wasn’t sure he could kill them, even if he ambushed them. It was good to be peaceful. No one should die.
Except birds, of course.
 
—-
 
Erin woke up to the sound of rain. She woke up slightly later than usual, which meant dawn was just breaking as she got up and blearily stumbled around the kitchen.
“Ghrmph. Rain, raining all the time. Gonna be a pain going to Liscor. Where’s breakfast? Right, right…gotta find Lyonette. Lyonette?”
She walked out into the common room but Lyonette was uncharacteristically not already awake. Erin hesitated, not wanting to wake her up and then she heard the sounds from above. They were faint, but as Erin ascended to the second floor and stared past the rooms reserved for the Horns of Hammerad and the Halfseekers she heard the noises coming from the second stairwell heading to the third floor.
“Singing?”
Erin tiptoed up and saw a strange sight. It was Lyonette kneeling on the ground, mopping up water with a towel as Bird did the same. Mrsha and Apista were frolicking around, getting water everywhere as they played catch. They were making the mess worse, but Lyonette wasn’t scolding Mrsha. Instead, she and Bird were singing!
“It’s raining, it’s raining, water’s on the floor, Mrsha at the door, it’s raining, it’s raining—”
“Drip, drip, drip.”
Lyonette was singing a silly made-up song as Mrsha rolled past her, her fur dripping. Bird, wiping the floor with a towel, softly sang as well. He was just singing ‘drip’, but it melded together with Lyonette’s singing in a wonderful way.
Erin stood watching Lyonette and Bird singing the silly song as Mrsha rolled about, a smile on her face. Only when the Worker and [Barmaid] had cleaned up most of the water did she cough.
“Erin!”
Lyonette spun around looking embarrassed. Erin smiled at her and at Mrsha as the Gnoll galloped up to her. She caught Mrsha before she could shake herself.
“Ah! No shaking, Mrsha. You get a nice warm towel instead. Lyonette, thanks for doing that. How’d the rain get in? Bird’s door?”
“It was my fault. I am entirely to blame. I will accept all punishments necessary or my termination.”
Bird stood to attention. Erin frowned at him.
“You’re not getting fired, Bird. It was a mistake! I’d never fire you for that.”
Bird visibly relaxed.
“Oh. Does that mean I can do it again?”
“No.”
Lyonette and Erin spoke at once. Bird nodded agreeably and stared at Apista as the Ashfire Bee hid behind Mrsha. Erin beckoned Lyonette over.
“Sorry I didn’t start getting breakfast ready, Erin. It was just—”
“No, you’re cool. It was better you did this, actually. I’m going to move the Redfang Goblins up here today.”
“The Goblins? But—well, okay. If you think so.”
