5.03
Page 2
Awkwardly, the female Drake nodded at Erin. She stood in the inn and Erin fidgeted. It was funny, well, sort of. Erin and Zevara had only ever really met when Erin was in trouble, and their encounters had generally been one or both sides shouting at the other.
“Lots of rain today.”
Erin coughed and commented weakly. Zevara blinked and seemed to take in the rain for the first time. She scowled, her expression sharpening unexpectedly.
“Rain? Damn, I hadn’t noticed. Did it start after I arrived here?”
“Yeah. Oops, you don’t have an umbrella, do you?”
“A what? Oh, you mean a parasol? Why would I need one of those? I’m hardly a [Lady] or pampered noble—I have an oiled cloak or I would if I’d thought ahead. I’ll run for it. It’s just water.”
Zevara grimaced. She cocked her head, listening to the sound of the rain drumming on the inn’s roof.
“It always sneaks up so quickly. Between the dungeon and the Goblin Lord we haven’t been preparing at all. I’ll have to rouse the Watch and check the walls…couldn’t this have waited another week?”
She groused. Erin didn’t really understand.
“What’s the problem? It’s just rain?”
Zevara turned, clearly annoyed, and paused as she considered Erin.
“You’ve never been here during the spring, have you, Solstice?”
“Um…no. Why?”
Bemused, Erin watched as Zevara groaned and covered her forehead.
“No one told you what happens during the rainy season? Ever? Ancestors, well, at least you’re in the right place. If you were living in one of the valleys it would be a disaster. And your inn is Antinium-built. They know what needs to be done.”
She nodded at the walls of the inn. Erin stared at the walls. Had the Antinium done something to them? What happened when it rained?
“Look, I need to be up with the dawn and I can’t explain it now. Ask Klbkch or Relc or anyone from Liscor what the rains mean. And keep your Goblins in the basement. They haven’t caused trouble so far which means I haven’t had to do more than warn people not to go to your inn and cause trouble. So long as they’re hidden people should tolerate them.”
The Watch Captain strode to the door, adjusting her armor and peering out at the rain and cursing. Erin, who had been still wondering about this mysterious rain phenomenon, frowned suddenly.
“What do you mean, keep them out of sight?”
“Exactly what I said, Human. Out of sight, in the basement. That’s sensible of you. No one wants to see Goblins right now. Not after General Shivertail. The last thing I need is a mob attacking your inn to get rid of the monsters.”
Monsters. Erin frowned at Zevara. It was late, she knew, and she was grumpy. But she looked over her shoulder at the trap door to her basement and knew she couldn’t let that go.
“They’re not monsters. They’re people who think. That’s the point.”
The Watch Captain stopped, her back towards Erin. Her posture said she didn’t want to have this conversation, but she replied anyways.
“If you say so. Just keep them out of sight. If not—”
“What? You’ll be leading the mob?”
Zevara turned, her eyes flashing. She stared hard at Erin. Did a bit of smoke escape her mouth? It was quickly lost in the rain.
“No. But I won’t be able to protect you.”
She turned and strode out of the inn, disappearing into the rain before Erin could reply. Disgruntled, Erin mumbled into the sudden silence.
“You never did.”
