5.03
Page 15
“So look, Selys, about what I was saying—”
Selys sighed. Why was she friends with Erin again? Oh, right. She had a good heart. But she could be incredibly, incredibly strange sometimes. And what she’d asked Selys to do? That was madness.
“I heard you. I think you’re insane, but I can do the paperwork. It will never work, mind you. My grandmother—”
“Just try?”
Erin stared pleadingly at the Drake. Selys raised her claws.
“Okay, I will. It’s not going to work, but I will.”
“Thanks! I know you’re busy—you should come to the inn more often! It’s been ages since we last hung out!”
The young woman beamed at Selys. The Drake nodded.
“I’d like that. I’d like to see Mrsha and chat—but you know how it is. Adventurers keep coming to Liscor and we’re understaffed and in the rain…”
She flicked her tail at the adventurers milling about the Guild. Erin nodded sympathetically.
“Yeah, I hear you. I wish they’d come to my inn, but I guess that’s not going to happen with the—”
She mimed saying the word ‘Goblins’ silently. Selys nodded. She’d already had to tell a number of adventurers that the Hobs in Erin’s inn weren’t threats and that they would receive no bounties on their heads.
“If you think it’s bad now, just wait a week. I’m afraid you’ll get no business from Liscor until the rains stop. Well, maybe some people will come but I really wouldn’t count on it. I hope you have coin saved.”
“Uh—”
Selys sighed at Erin’s chagrin.
“Well, at least you have the door to Celum. I envy you, actually. I’d love to be able to pop over to Celum anytime I wanted. I feel like a prisoner during the spring, you know?”
“No…say Selys, what does happen during the spring?”
The Drake paused, leaning on her desk. She stared at Erin, searching the young woman’s face for any signs of humor.
“Erin, tell me you’re joking. You’ve never, ever heard of what happens to Liscor in the spring?”
“Nope.”
“No one’s mentioned it to you. Not once?”
“Not that I can recall.”
“We’re famous for this! Every year—oh, you haven’t been here that long. Huh. It feels like longer.”
Selys shook her head, amazed at how time seemed to fly and simultaneously drag out. She felt like she’d known Erin for years, but it had only been half a year at most. She sighed. Erin looked around curiously. It was still pouring.
“Anand and Belgrade told me there’s a lot of water and…drowning? Or is that just underground? They said you could explain. If it’s a long story I can come back later—I have to be in Celum now so—”
“I can give you the short version.”
Selys smiled as she took a seat on her high stool behind her counter. She liked Erin, she really did, but she was going to enjoy Erin’s reaction more. The [Innkeeper] looked curiously at her.
“Okay, what’s the short version?”
“In Liscor, it starts raining hard each year after winter. For about two months it’s non-stop rainfall, and the city’s practically closed off during that time. When the summer begins it all dries out, but…think of it like this, Erin. We’re caught between the High Passes on either side. There’s an entrance to the north, and an entrance to the south, but Liscor is one big bowl. The only high elevation are the hills which Liscor and your inn and a few villages sit on top of. And it rains a lot. What do you think happens?”
The Drake waited. Erin looked blank.
“Bowl, rain, lots of mountains and valleys. Wait, you don’t mean—”
Her eyes widened. Selys grinned. She leaned over the counter and raised her voice so the adventurers behind Erin could here.
“That’s right. It floods.”
