5.04
Page 7
“Business? We could divide our troupe and still earn enough for all of us to live on. Besides, this is better. This is right. And if you think this will stop people from watching us—hah! The power of the stage will draw them in, Miss Erin. Just you wait! I don’t want to speak for everyone of course, but I can’t think that any of the original cast will say no, and the new [Actors] will come round once they know all you’ve done for us!”
“Well, I’m relieved. If you want to tell them, I can settle things in the Runner’s Guild. Or maybe you can help me? I think they’d believe it if you said it.”
“Of course. And we must have a drink at your inn as well, Erin. That is to say Miss—”
“Erin!”
She laughed and Wesle laughed too.
“You kept telling me that before as well. All this business about your magical door and the Goblins sound incredibly difficult. I wish you’d come to us months ago, or that we’d known you needed help!”
Erin shook her head.
“You guys had to do your own thing! You’re stars; and I didn’t have as much trouble until Zel and…well, and Pallass. Those jerks are making stuff difficult but I’ll win in the end! And think of this, Wesle! With my door you guys don’t have to just go to Human cities! You could put on a show in Liscor and even Pallass!”
She looked at Wesle. His eyes widened.
“A Walled City? But that would be—dead gods, could we do it?”
“First Liscor, then the world! I bet the Drakes and Gnolls would love you! But let’s do this first. Okay?”
Erin headed down the stairs with Wesle and the [Receptionists] and Runners in the Guild looked up.
“Mister Salkis!”
One of the [Receptionists] hurried forwards and Erin smiled. Wesle’s last name was Salkis apparently, and it seemed like everyone was too shy to call him by his first name. Wesle greeted the woman and explained Erin’s idea. The [Receptionist]’s eyes went wide and she took a step back.
“But—well, of course we can spread the word, Mister Salkis. But you’re sure? You’re going to—I mean, there are rumors—”
She stared at Erin who folded her arms.
“Hey! I’m standing right here, you know!”
The older woman blushed and Wesle bowed slightly. His voice could be heard at the back of the room as he replied.
“Miss Bellia, I can assure you we will be perfectly safe. Safer, in fact, which is the point of this little announcement. Now, I have to get to my troupe, but please send the bill to us. And if Miss Erin has anything else she needs done…”
He looked at Erin expectantly. She hesitated.
“Is Fals here? Or Garia? Has anyone seen Ryoka?”
The [Receptionist] shook her head, her brow creasing when Erin mentioned Ryoka’s name. The Runner’s Guild in Celum still hadn’t forgotten the incident with the Frost Faeries.
“They’re all out on deliveries in other cities, Miss Solstice. Well, I can’t speak for Miss Griffin. Shall I ask them to call on you when they arrive in Celum next?”
“Please. I haven’t seen them in a while.”
The woman nodded and Erin strolled out of the front door with Wesle. He was smiling at her. She peered at him suspiciously?
“What?”
“Oh, nothing. It’s just that life is never dull when you’re around, Erin. I think I’ve had enough excitement and then you turn up.”
“Well, I do like interesting stuff. I’ll go back to the inn, Wesle. Meet you later?”
His eyes twinkled. Wesle took a step back in the street and swept Erin a dramatic bow that drew all eyes to him once again.
“I wouldn’t miss it for the world. We’ll be there.”
He strode off. Erin watched him go, shaking her head and smiling.
“What a showoff.”
