5.04
Page 12
“Well if she is, it’s a good kind of insane. If Erin gets support from Celum and Liscor, then even Pallass will have to acknowledge those Hobs aren’t a threat.”
The Drake pointed that out. Zevara shook her head.
“If only I believed that. But that’s not the only thing she’s done.”
“Oh?”
Olesm looked surprised. He hadn’t heard about the second point of news, which had been imparted to Zevara just minutes ago. She stared glumly at a second report. It was short, barely half a page, but it had a lot of underlined words.
“You’ll never guess what she did in the Adventurer’s Guild.”
“What?”
 
—-
 
There were some things Selys would do for friends, and then, there were things she’d only do for Erin, and only because she’d been talked into it. She stood on the second floor of the Adventurer’s Guild, holding a piece of parchment between her trembling claws. She whispered a few words before she knocked on the door.
“Oh, Ancestors.”
“Selys? Come in.”
Selys walked into the office of the Guildmaster of the Adventurer’s Guild. Or rather, Guildmistress. Tekshia Shivertail, Selys’ grandmother, looked up from her desk. She and Selys were the only two people left in the guild at this hour.
“Hi Grandma, I just wanted to give this to you before I went home.”
The young Drake [Receptionist] nervously approached the desk. Tekshia sighed.
“Can’t it wait until tomorrow?”
“Well, I just got done writing it up so…here. I’ll see you tomorrow, grandma! Love you!”
The Drake put the piece of parchment on the desk. Tekshia frowned up at her, sensing Selys’ odd behavior.
“What’s this about, you scamp?”
Selys grinned and ran for it. Tekshia Shivertail stared at the application on her desk. It was a simple one, a standard request to form an authorized Bronze-rank team. The only curious thing was the name of the group and the five members applying for it.
“The Redfang Goblins. Members are Headscratcher, Badarrow, Rabbiteater, Numbtongue and Shorthilt. Exact levels unknown. Classes unknown. Four [Warriors] and an [Archer]. Species: Hobgoblin.”
The old Drake stared at the form. She stared at the doorway and listened to the sound of Selys’ running feet. Then she took a deep breath.
“Selys!”
 
—-
 
And then it was night. The [Actors] left in good spirits. The Antinium, who had given them a standing ovation for five minutes straight had gone, happily, if somewhat bloated on the popcorn they couldn’t quite digest. Erin understood it was a special snack given the Hive’s recent lack of conflict.
Lyonette was asleep. Mrsha was already passed out. Bird was upstairs…probably not asleep but happily sitting in the rain. The Redfang Goblins were in their rooms, pondering their new state of existence.
And Erin was happy. She knew she had caused a lot of trouble, not least for Zevara, but she felt it was worth it. Her inn had been filled tonight, and the Goblins were walking about in the open. It was a first step. An important step. It was what she could do so she lay in her mess of blankets and pillows in the corner of the kitchen and smiled to herself.
“I don’t need you to protect me, Zevara. The Goblins will do that.”
Her eyes closed. Erin listened to the drumming of the rain overhead. It was still raining, pouring, rather. She wondered if the Floodplains would fill up tomorrow or the day after. Or maybe…?
Her breathing slowed. Erin’s mind drifted off. She felt darkness, warm and soothing engulf her—
 
[Magical Innkeeper Level 34!]
[Skill – Inn: Grand Theatre obtained!]
 
“Gah!”
