5.05
Page 14
“Can your team kill the slime? The mana core is in the upper left hand side. If your team charges it you can probably scatter it enough to remove the core. If you can’t do that, stall it long enough for my companions to arrive.”
“Us? But you’re a Gold-rank adventurer!”
The Drake looked at Halrac with wide eyes. The [Scout] frowned at him.
“I’m an [Archer]. That’s a slime. You can destroy its body. Send your team in.”
It was an order not a question. The leader of Thunder’s Kiss looked at the slime and shuddered as he saw its foul body. The ‘water’ that made up its round body was practically opaque with filth. He tried to argue with Halrac as the slime broke off from the adventurers and turned towards a house, looking inquisitive.
“Look, Mister Halrac, we’re a team of our own. Thunder’s Kiss? We can help you fight the slime, but telling us to charge into it is a bit—”
Halrac ignored the Drake, keeping his eyes on the Sewer Slime. He cursed as it stopped rolling forwards and turned to one side. It pressed itself against a doorway, and to the horror of the Bronze-rank adventurers they heard a scream as the Sewer Slime began leaking into a house, going through both the cracks in the closed shutters and windows.
“Oh no! We’ve got to stop it!”
“Move around the back! Let’s go! We’ll hit it from behind!”
The leader of Thunder’s Kiss ordered his group and they started towards the slime. Halrac shook his head.
“Too late. Back up.”
So saying he produced a glowing arrow that crackled as he set it from his bow. The Bronze-rank adventurers, seeing it, backed up at once. Halrac drew the arrow to the bow and calmly sighted down the shaft as the Sewer Slime continued to leak into the house. He aimed directly at the small glowing stone floating in the mess of the Sewer Slime’s body.
“[Piercing Shot].”
The arrow sped into the slime’s body, directly towards the mana core. It penetrated deep as the slime’s body consumed it, and then detonated in a flash of lightning. The team of Thunder’s Kiss averted their eyes as the slime’s entire body lit up. They saw it shudder, and then saw the mana stone had cracked. The slime slowly collapsed, its body turning into a tidal wave of foul liquid that splashed the nearest adventurers to their horror. Inside the house, the screams of terror had turned to screams of deep offense.
“It’s dead!”
The other adventurers stared at Halrac in awe. The [Scout] was scowling and shaking his head. The leader of Thunder’s Kiss stared at him.
“If you could do that, why didn’t you do that earlier?”
Halrac just glared at him. He turned his head as someone shouted behind him.
“Halrac!”
Revi and Typhenous, drenched and muddy, ran up. They looked winded and scraped from their fall. Revi looked about.
“What happened? Was there a monster?”
“Big sewer slime. Had to shoot it with an arrow of shocking.”
“What?”
Revi shouted in outrage. She looked at the adventurers. More were still arriving in the street, as had four members of the City Watch. They milled about, asking what had happened and what that smell was. Revi listened to a scrambled account of what had happened—and then rounded on the leader of Thunder’s Kiss.
“You! What were you lot doing just standing around? Halrac told you to attack the Sewer Slime and you lot just argued with him?”
“He told us to charge into that thing!”
The burly Drake protested as Revi glared at him. He was twice as large as she was, but she was a Gold-rank adventurer and he was Bronze. He quailed as Revi’s eyes flashed with fury.
