5.05
Page 19
“It’s a cheap blade—barely enchanted, really. It’s got a tiny durability and cutting enchantment on it. I know it isn’t much, but I noticed your sword was really old and—”
He broke off as the masked woman dropped her old sword and raised the magic blade. She stared at it reverentially and cut the air—perilously close to Insill. He flinched, but then the masked woman turned to him. She hesitated, then drew a happy smile across her mask.
“You like it?”
He grinned and she nodded. Vuliel Drae smiled too, and Anith spoke.
“Miss Swordswoman, I regret that we don’t know your name. Please tell us, why do you stay below? We did not know any adventurer lived down here, but if you haven’t returned to the surface yet—why do you stay?”
For a second it seemed like the masked woman froze, but then she turned to Anith and gravely shook her head. She didn’t speak—it was clear she was unable or unwilling to, but she raised one finger and carefully tapped her chest. The adventurers stared at her as she drew a line down the side of her mask, under one eye socket. Then she pointed up towards the surface. Insill frowned, trying to make sense of it.
“Sorrow? Going up is—sad? Can you go up?”
A shake of the head.
“Are you cursed?”
Hesitated. A shake of the head.
“Something else?”
“Nod, nod.”
“What?”
A shrug. She was unwilling to say if she knew. The adventurers looked at each other and conferred.
“What do you think? Is she saying she just doesn’t want to go up?”
“That makes no sense!”
“Hm. Some adventurers are loners, yes. But why else not?”
“Maybe she’s on a mission. Maybe she’s decided to challenge the dungeon—or die.”
Anith nodded.
“A [Doomseeker], perhaps. It is not for us to ask.”
He bowed to the swordswoman who bowed back slightly.
“Forgive us for asking, but we are curious. We would be delighted to journey with you nonetheless. Shall we?”
The swordswoman nodded. She motioned with one hand, pointing in the direction that she judged to be safest, for a given value of safe. The team of Vuliel Drae followed, Insill in front, Dasha and Pekona next, Anith behind and Larr bringing up the rear. It was strange. For all she had been agonizing and for all he had proclaimed to hate other people, there was something about this that Toren had missed. She had missed other people, seeing Insill’s happily wagging tail, hearing him chatter and then realize he should be silent and looking for traps. It was…fun.
Toren walked into the darkness of the dungeon, the adventurers following. She would do her best to keep them alive. After all, she knew the dungeon well and they had given her an enchanted sword. An enchanted sword! She couldn’t wait to lord it over him when they were alone. And they would survive the dungeon. After all, how would the adventurers bring her more wonderful weapons if they died here?
This was the dungeon as it was. Alluring yet deadly, it was a crisis for Liscor, a talking point for adventurers in the area, but hardly a matter of worldwide or continental concern. The Drake and Human cities had far more pressing issues to deal with, and the dungeon was not yet rated by the Adventurer’s Guilds and thus it was regarded by many as a minor dungeon. After all, new ruins and abandoned fortresses were found quite often. They usually contained very little of worth.
