5.07
Page 4
“I don’t know. Yvlon lost her team in Liscor’s crypts and I think she fell in with this group by accident. She knew the half-Elf—Ceria Springwalker—from the expedition. As for the [Necromancer] and Antinium…she refused to say. But I’ll take her back north safely regardless of whatever mess she’s gotten herself into.”
“If she’s willing to go. You’ve already committed us to finding a lost adventurer. In Liscor’s dungeon no less.”
Falene looked sideways at Ylawes. The man nodded grimly.
“It’s a just cause and if there really is a Minotaur down there who’s survived this entire time, he deserves rescue.”
“And we deserve a big bag of gold for finding him, but will we get that? No, it’s another one of your noble causes.”
Dawil grumbled. Ylawes gave him a stern look.
“If need be I’ll pay the reward out of my own pockets, Dawil. I told you that I was looking for my sister and we might not find work here. You were free to join another team—”
“And leave you to get killed? Hah! Maybe the half-Elf would do that, but we Dwarves understand loyalty!”
Dawil thumped his chest. Then he pointed at Ylawes.
“But mark me, Byres. I’ll gladly eat and fight monsters in this city so long as there’s pay to be had and food in my belly, but if you’re really trying to get your sister to come back with you you’ll take my advice. You’ve pestered your sister for a week now and for what? Nothing. Listen, I might be a Dwarf but I’ve lived for thirty eight years—”
“And I’ve lived for twenty seven. Dawil, if you’re trying to give me sage advice…”
“Just listen! Y’see, I’ve been around for a while. Not as long as Miss Snooty half-Elf I’ll grant you, but—”
Ylawes rolled his eyes and Falene looked resigned as Dawil stroked his beard knowingly.
“Women aren’t so easy to manage. Sisters either. In my opinion, women are like metamorphological magic theory.”
Ylawes, who’d been opening his mouth to tell Dawil his advice was unwanted, stopped. He stared at the Dwarf. Falene stared as well.
“Go on.”
The Dwarf smiled.
“You see, it’s simple. Women are like metamorphological magic. I don’t understand it, and you don’t either. The half-Elf might, but if you go blundering about trying to tug your sister one way, it’ll do no good. Probably make things worse. Why not ask for advice before you keep prodding her with a stick?”
He looked up at his companions and saw them looking at him thoughtfully. Ylawes nodded.
“You know Dawil, you might be right.”
“Of course I’m right! Been around longer than you, haven’t I?”
Falene smiled drily.
“I suppose that sage advice comes from meeting women? You do seem oddly popular. Just the other day that Silver-rank adventurer was making passes at you. Remember? The part-Dwarf [Warrior] with the beard? She was quite handsome. Were you interested?”
“Her? Gah! Not on your life! Did you see that beard she had? It looks like she grew it with hair tonic and the way she talked! Tall folk this, us short folk that! She’s not Dwarfish at all. No, I’d rather make eyes at a Drake. False beards are really disgusting.”
Dawil shuddered and shook his head. The Silver Swords laughed as they climbed the hill. Ylawes pushed open the door for his comrades and they strode in. They paused as they saw the Redfang Warriors in the corner, and the inn stopped for a second in surprise.
Drassi was serving tables with Lyonette, Erin was chatting with the Halfseekers, and the Goblins were eating alone and massaging their bruises. The Silver Swords walked forwards and Ylawes cleared his throat as he looked around. He nodded slightly to Erin.
“Is Yvlon—?”
