5.07
Page 0

(Volume 1 of The Wandering Inn is now on sale as an e-book on Amazon! Please read this short message about the book!)
 
It began with a quiet in the morning, a hush as the incessant rainfall ceased. Erin Solstice woke up and looked out into a soggy landscape at the crack of dawn. She heard shuffling feet and knew there were others who had woken up at the same time as her.
The door to her inn opened as Erin got up and blearily brushed her teeth and changed clothes.
“I should probably get my own room. Yup, yup. Why do I sleep down here anyways? Because the kitchen floor is soft? Well, it is, actually. But I need a dressing room, at least. The actors could use one and so could I.”
“Probably. Then again, I don’t mind the view.”
Erin whirled around.
“Jelaqua!”
The Selphid grinned at her, looking tired. She was up early. She eyed Erin as the young woman finished dressing.
“Hey Erin. Nice forearms.”
Only a Selphid would compliment someone about the state of their forearms. Or someone really concerned about body fitness. Erin sighed.
“Morning Jelaqua. Breakfast’s not ready yet so you can go back to sleep.”
“I know that. Normally I’d be in bed, but I couldn’t help it. I heard that lot getting up so…”
Jelaqua nodded over her shoulder. Erin walked out of the kitchen and stared out of one of her inn’s windows.
“What, the Goblins? They do this every day.”
“Really?”
“Every day since I gave them their rooms upstairs, yeah.”
“So they’ve done this today and yesterday is what you mean.”
“Um…yes.”
The Selphid woman and Erin stared out the windows. The Redfang Goblins were standing outside in the dewy grass in that not-quite-darkness that was the sky before the sun fully rose. Actually, standing was a bad word. They were sparring.
Five Hobgoblins, each taller than Erin, each green, and each strong and fit. They kicked and punched at each other, sparring in pairs or two-on-one and then switched to swords in scabbards and calisthenics. That meant Headscratcher would wail on Badarrow with a sword as the other Goblin cursed and dodged while Rabbiteater did pushups and Shorthilt and Numbtongue sprinted up and down the hill.
Jelaqua shook her head as Erin readied breakfast. The Selphid stared hard at the Goblins as they performed a demanding workout. It wasn’t just physically tough—the Goblins hit each other hard and Erin had seen them draw blood with their swords while sparring.
“Plague corpses, that’s unnerving.”
“What is?”
The Selphid absently picked at the stiches around her crown. A bit of skin fell off around her skull and Erin made a note to bar Jelaqua from the kitchen. The Selphid was a bit smelly at close quarters and her body looked decidedly worse than it had when Erin first met her. Jelaqua noticed Erin flick the dead skin off the table and wipe the offending spot and grimaced.
“Really sorry about that. My body’s not doing too well right now. It’s time for a change, but I haven’t been able to find a fresh corpse for the life of me. No one in Celum or Liscor’s eager to sell a body to a Selphid, you see.”
“Not a problem. Just don’t uh, drop any part of yourself in today’s breakfast. You got hurt defending my inn, after all.”
“Huh. I suppose I did.”
Jelaqua scratched at her stitches again, seemingly surprised that Erin remembered. She stared at the Goblins and shook her head again.
“They’re like clones of Garen.”
“Who? Oh, that’s the Hobgoblin that betrayed…”
Erin broke off. Jelaqua nodded, her face unreadable.
