5.07
Page 5
“Not here! She’s still out on her mission-request thing.”
Erin cut him off brusquely. Ylawes looked disappointed.
“She told me she’d be back today.”
“Yeah, well, she told me the same thing. Maybe they couldn’t find enough Corusdeer?”
The [Innkeeper] shrugged as she offered the adventurers a seat. The Horns of Hammerad had been absent for the last four days on a big contract for Esthelm. They’d been hired to provide meat for the city as Esthelm’s food supplies were low. To that end they’d been asked to slay Corusdeer, which was a task that seasoned [Hunters] might balk at due to the danger.
Late-season Corusdeer were dangerous as they migrated and Ceria had told Erin to expect them to take at least this long. Ylawes looked like he wanted to ask more, but Dawil was already sitting at the table and his stomach was rumbling loudly.
“Your sister’s not here, Ylawes! Too bad! Now let’s eat! I could eat a horse. What have you got?”
“Oatmeal! With fruit and honey!”
The Dwarf’s face fell. Erin smiled.
“I have ham and mayonnaise sandwiches and two fried steaks I could heat up if you wanted it.”
“What? You didn’t tell me you had steak!”
Jelaqua shot up at her table. Dawil chuckled.
“Steak? I’ll have one of those and that oatmeal mush. And what do you have to drink?”
Ylawes and Falene sat as Erin hovered over their table. Erin smiled as Lyonette hurried out with bowls of freshly chopped fruit and oatmeal for all three and began heating up Dawil’s steak on the pan. It was so easy to serve food! All you had to do was heat up something Erin had cooked twelve days ago and bam! Ready to eat! The only thing that didn’t last with her [Field of Preservation] Skill was soufflés.
“I just got some wine in today. I’m expanding my stock. So in addition to ale, mead, and whiskey, I’m now serving wines from Liscor and Celum! They’re local stocks, imported from Wales and uh, I think Sasil. That’s a Drake village south of the Blood Fields.”
“Hm. Wine, eh?”
Dawil looked interested, which surprised Erin since she’d expected Falene or Ylawes to want wine instead. The Dwarf nodded at the bottles Erin had put up against the bar.
“I’ve heard of the white wines that Drakes make, and I’m fond of a bouquet now and then. I could have a cup of the red and wash it down with that mead!”
That sounded weird to Erin, but she nodded agreeably. Falene smirked slightly at Dawil.
“Really, Dawil? Wine and mead? What happened to your Dwarfish pride?”
“A Dwarf can like both, you prissy snob! And don’t pretend to be all elegant and refined you hypocrite—I know you drink hard spirits when no one’s watching!”
Dawil pounded his hand on the table, making his bowl of oatmeal jump. Falene shook her head as she turned to Erin. The half-Elf’s smile was just a bit too knowing as Dawil growled under his breath about judgmental half-Elves.
“I would gladly have a small cup of the Walesian Red—do you have a recent vintage or an older one I could sample?”
Erin gave her a blank look.
“Um. We have red wine if you want it? Or did you mean the maroon wine?”
Falene paused.
“I meant the Walesian Red. I assume that’s the bottle over there?”
Erin looked over her shoulder.
“Oh! Right. It probably is. I don’t use the names of wines. I just call them by how they look. I’ve got red, off red, sort of red, greenish yellow, maroon…hey, why do we call all those wines white if they look green? What about green wine? What’s wrong with calling it that?”
