5.08
Page 0

(Volume 1 of The Wandering Inn is now on sale as an e-book on Amazon! Please read this short message about the book!)
 
They were coming. They were already here. The Face-Eater Moths flew and crawled across the Floodplains of Liscor, chittering. There were so many that Erin couldn’t see the sky. Already they were crawling over her windows, their legs scraping the glass. She saw one moth press its body against her window and backed away.
“Erin!”
A hand yanked her into the middle of the common room. Erin whirled. Ceria’s face was pale and she was holding her wand in her other hand. She shouted over the terrible rustling of thousands of bodies.
“Get into the door! To Celum! We’ll fight them here!”
“What? No!”
Erin shook her head. The half-Elf stared at her incredulously.
“Erin, there are thousands—”
“Tens of thousands. Moore, block that window!”
Jelaqua snapped as Moore heaved a table up and rammed it against the window. Erin stared around the room. The adventurers were all boarding up windows or preparing for combat. They looked grim as they checked their gear. She saw the Halfseekers downing potions, the Silver Swords pointing out a crack in the window and arguing—the other Horns of Hammerad were upstairs with the Redfang Goblins, trying to seal off the windows there.
Glass windows. For once Erin regretted the beautiful, expensive, fragile glasswork. She saw a Face-Eater Moth clawing at the window and then saw Ylawes striding towards her.
“Miss Solstice.”
His voice was clipped and he was holding his shield and sword as he stared around the inn. The common room had returned back to its normal size and it felt cramped, as though they were in a tiny box. Erin could hear movement all around them, things battering at the wall.
“I advise you to leave through the door to Celum. We’ll cover you and try to slaughter the moths, but we’ll have to fall back as soon as this inn starts going down.”
“It’s not going down. And I’m not leaving.”
Erin snapped at the [Knight] as he tried to escort her to the doors. He and Ceria both looked at her.
“Excuse me? Did you see the size of those five moths, Erin? One of them could flatten your inn just by landing on it!”
“Not my inn. I have a Skill.”
The young woman folded her arms. She could feel her inn groaning under the weight of so many bodies, but amazingly they had yet to break a window despite the pounding impacts that now came from every side. Moths were hurling themselves at the windows. Ylawes stared at her.
“You’re sure your inn will survive? That changes things.”
“It’ll hold! Moore couldn’t break my walls. My windows though—”
There was a crack as something massive struck a window near the kitchen. Erin saw every head turn. Ylawes stared at her and then looked around.
“In that case we have an opportunity. We can hold this ground; use it to shield our backs.”
“Shield our—what are you talking about?”
More voices. Erin saw Yvlon. She’d come down the stairs. Pisces and Ksmvr were behind her.
“We boarded up as many windows as we could and closed the doors. Hopefully that buys us time. But how long are we planning to hold out here?”
Yvlon pointed back upstairs. Pisces looked around. The [Necromancer]’s gaze was sharp as he eyed the Silver Swords. Falene and Dawil were standing by the doors, the half-Elf holding a staff and the Dwarf a hammer in both hands. He nodded to them.
“The most expedient solution would be to retreat into Celum. But that isn’t your brother’s intention, Yvlon. He intends to take the fight to the Face-Eater Moths.”
“Exactly.”
