5.08
Page 18
It came from Pallass. She turned back to the door, annoyed and angry.
“Those jerks! They haven’t done a thing, just watched!”
“Don’t need to! There’s only two of them moths left and we’re thinning out the rest of the buggers at last!”
Dawil marched over to the others, panting, his face red with exhaustion. He grabbed for a stamina potion at his belt and downed it.
“Damn things aren’t working anymore. Hey, one of you mind killing the next giant moth?”
He looked around and realized he wasn’t the only one swaying on his feet. Falene leaned over her staff, her elegant face marred by her sheer exhaustion and Ylawes stumbled, barely able to stand.
“We’ve got to rest. Stamina potions aren’t enough.”
“Okay! Rest! The inn’s secure—I’ve got guys from Celum holding it!”
Erin pointed to her inn. It was scarred from the outside, every window broken, and Bird’s beloved watch tower had been smashed, but it still stood. The Silver Swords stumbled inside and paused.
“Huh.”
Dawil stared around Erin’s common room. It had been enlarged again, and over thirty members of Celum’s Watch stood behind the windows with crates of potions at their feet. The bodies of Face-Eater Moths littered the floor and Erin had used the extra ‘stage’ part of her inn to clear the bodies and broken furniture away. It looked awful, but the Silver Swords just collapsed on the ground, ignoring the blood that was on their floor and armor.
“How’s Jelaqua? Is she?”
“Injured.”
Seborn looked up as he crouched next to his teammates. Jelaqua wasn’t moving, but her eyes and mouth twitched. The Drowned Man grimaced as he poured a healing potion into her mouth.
“Her body’s broken from the fall and her real form took damage from it too. I’m trying to get a healing potion into her, but there’s no saving her body. She can’t move it or do more than speak.”
“What about Moore?”
“Healing. He took a bad injury but he’ll be fine with rest.”
The half-Giant’s eyes were closed and his head was covered in sweat, but the [Guardsmen] from Celum had covered him with Erin’s blankets from the kitchen and his wound had closed thanks to the healing potions. Erin looked around.
“Ceria, Pisces, Yvlon, Ksmvr, you all okay?”
“We’re good.”
The Horns of Hammerad looked up. They were exhausted too, but the arrival of Celum’s Watch had kept the pressure off them. Likewise, the Redfang Goblins were sitting together, sharpening their blades, keeping a wary eye on the open doorway. They were being given a wide berth by Celum’s [Guardsman], but after seeing the hundreds of moths the Redfang Warriors had slaughtered to keep Erin’s inn from being overrun, it was hard to call the Goblins anything but an ally.
Especially now. Erin peered out of her inn at Liscor’s walls, still filled with fighting.
“You think we’ll be okay if we rest? All but two of the huge moths are dead and there aren’t as many of the other ones. I think we’ve won. Right?”
A grunt answered her from inside. Dawil, on his feet and still pale with exhaustion, looked troubled.
“Battle’s not over until we take out the last two. And there’s enough moths to cause trouble. Hey—watch it!”
He pulled Erin back as the [Guardsmen] in her inn loosed another flight of arrows. The moths approaching her inn fell, pin cushioned, and the ones who got to the walls died to a mixture of spears, swords, and axes. Celum’s Watch might not be as well-trained or as numerous as Liscor’s, but with Erin’s inn they could easily hold the moths off. Erin nodded as she spotted some of them downing Octavia’s potions.
