5.08
Page 16
“Another excellent lightning strike by that [Tactician] on the walls! Good shot, I say!”
“Are those Antinium reinforcing Liscor? Of course, this is the only Drake city with a Hive. Why weren’t they deployed earlier?”
“That’s unknown, but they seem to be pushing the moths back quite quickly where they are! Hold on—do you see what I’m seeing, Noass? Those Antinium have paint on their carapaces! Is this some kind of new Antinium variant?”
The two Drakes who were commentating in the crowd probably had no idea their words were being broadcast to countless other people across the world. However, their words were highly significant to the many people watching. In Baleros, Niers Astoragon leaned over.
“My eyes aren’t what they used to be. Umina, do you see what those Drakes are talking about?”
The Lizardgirl stared hard at the image in the orb.
“I think so. The Antinium have…well, they have something on their bodies.”
“Color? Paint? But they appear to be the standard Soldier types. Is this a trick or does it have more meaning?”
Niers leaned back in his seat, thinking hard. Foliana munched on her muffin.
“Mm. Looks good. Think Liscor can win it?”
Every head turned to Niers. The tiny Fraerling smiled, knowing his reputation could rest on a correct answer.
“I wouldn’t place all my coin on them just yet, Foliana. They’re putting up a good fight, but the adventurers around this…inn are tiring. They’re—wait, it’s that Human girl.”
He sat up as the young woman appeared in the doorway again. She waved at the crowd.
“You lot coming through yet!?”
The Pallassian soldiers shifted uncomfortably. The young woman glared at them, and Niers laughed as he saw her raise one expressive finger.
“Fine! Stay that way! You guys are all assholes, you know that? You and your stupid Walled City!”
Then she slammed the door shut. Niers blinked as the Drakes cried out and the portal vanished.
 
Salazsar. What is going on, Pallass?
Pallass. Standby. Human interference.
Zeres. Stop saying ‘standby!’ Recover the image!
Pallass. Standby.
 
It took five gut-wrenching minutes for the image to reappear. Magnolia saw Erin arguing with another Human in armor as the portal reopened. She leaned forwards.
“What has that young woman done now?”
“Look, guard the inn! Inside! Just hold on—they’re coming through the third floor and my guys are tired! Take over and don’t let them come down the stairs!”
The Human in armor nodded and Magnolia saw a group of [Guardsman] rush into the inn. Their arrival had surprised the Drakes in Pallass.
“Is that the insignia of Celum’s City Watch?”
“You’d know more than I, Noass. What are they doing in Liscor?”
“Using a magic door.”
Magnolia muttered to herself, ignoring the intrigued looks the others in the room were giving her. Ressa frowned as she stared at the adventurers fighting the moths. Magnolia glanced up at her.
“Ressa, it looks like Liscor will survive. Unless you disagree? The Antinium are there, there are Gold-rank adventurers on the wall, and two of those horrid moths are down. All good, or do you disagree?”
The maid shook her head.
“The moths are still numerous. And there is a problem.”
“Which is?”
“The adventurers who have been attracting a lot of the attention.”
Ressa pointed at the Halfseekers and the Silver Swords. Magnolia peered at them.
“What’s wrong?”
The maid’s face was grim.
“They’re getting tired.”
 
—-
 
