5.08
Page 19
“Okay, two big ones, but once we get rested we can take them down, right?”
“Right. Liscor’s walls might recharge enough to blast the suckers. Or maybe they can shoot them down. Was that Halrac the Grim I saw on the walls? He took out one of those things himself!”
Dawil nodded approvingly. Erin did too.
“Yeah, that’s right! I think we can do it!”
She broke off as she heard voices. Erin peeked around the door and saw the Drakes from Pallass standing in front of the door. They were still doing their commentary, by the looks of it.
“—seems like Liscor’s managed to repel the worst of the assault, Noass.”
“That’s right, Sir Relz. The swarm seems to have been broken and the last two Face-Eater Moth mothers are circling around in disarray.”
“That’s indeed so, Noass. Did I hear you right? You called them ‘mothers’?”
“Apparently those exceptionally large ones are brood mothers that lay thousands—tens of thousands—of eggs, Sir Relz. It’s a disgusting process.”
“Quite, quite. But they definitely have morale and it is failing. See how they’re circling around just out of bow shot of Liscor? Not a smart move, but then, when have monsters ever thought tactically?”
“Indeed, indeed—oh look, it’s the Human who owns this inn.”
Erin peered through her magic doorway at the crowd standing in Pallass’ street. She eyed Watch Captain Venim who wouldn’t meet her eyes and then the two rich-looking Drakes standing in front.
“Excuse me, some of us are fighting for our lives here.”
“And some of us are watching the show, Miss Human. You seem to have things well in claw anyways. Do you think some of the adventurers who just fought out there would mind coming to the door so we could congratulate them? The Silver Swords did an excellent job, as did the Halfseekers. Taking down a Face-Eater Moth in the sky like that, my word, what a show!”
Sir Relz, the snobby-looking Drake applauded lightly and the crowd murmured agreement. Erin glared at him.
“They’re all tired from nearly dying. And stop telling us it’s nearly over! We get to say that! You get to watch! Besides, those moths aren’t just flying around in a panic!”
“Oh really? Flying in a circle seems to be rather unintelligent to me, wouldn’t you agree, Sir Relz?”
The Drake called Noass smirked. Erin stared at him.
“You’re stupid. And that’s not a random spot. That’s the spot where the Face-Eater Moths crawled up from to begin with!”
Sir Relz, who’d been smiling condescendingly and sipping from a goblet of wine, paused. He stared at Erin.
“It is?”
“Yup.”
Erin glared around. She eyed a Drake in fancy robes who was staring hard at her and the battle outside.
“And what are you looking at?”
She waved at him but he didn’t respond. He looked like he was concentrating hard. Sir Relz on the other hand looked more and more concerned.
“Miss Human.”
“Yeah?”
“When you say the moths crawled ‘up’ out of the ground, do you mean to say you didn’t see the entire swarm fly in? They appeared out of the dungeon, correct?”
“Yup. Five of the nasty ones. Came right out with a shower of water. Like a geyser. Why?”
“Well…how do you know their entire population consisted of only five moths?”
Erin stared at the Drake. Sir Relz stared back. Erin closed her eyes and then someone screamed. She looked over her shoulder as a Drake pointed and groaned.
“You have got to be kidding me.”
Another Face-Eater Moth mother crawled out of the hole in the ground. She spread her wings and her brood flew into the air, fresh thousands flying upwards. Erin stared. Then she saw another Face-Eater Moth mother crawl out of the hole. And then another. And another.
