5.08
Page 11
“Make it two hundred and I’ll take that offer.”
“Four hundred on the city standing but being gutted.”
“Ah, wonderful! Let’s see if these Drakes manage to get something for us to look at, shall we?”
 
Pallass. We have visual. Stand by for Wistram to relay!
Oteslia. At last!
 
The image swam into place slowly, a blurry scene coming slowly into view. Flos, the King of Destruction, leaned over the tiny marble-sized scrying orb and looked at Gazi.
“Are you sure this is the only orb we have, Gazi?”
She looked apologetic.
“My lord, that is my personal orb. I thought we had a larger version in our posession.”
Orthenon rubbed at his face, shaking his head.
“We did—until we were forced to sell them for food two winters back.”
“No matter. Is this from the perspective of the [Mage] in Pallass? A wonder that Wistram can transmit it to so many locations. Now, what have we here?”
Flos leaned forwards, as did the rest of the people in the room. Trey stared in wonder at the magical portal set into the wall, at the crowd of Drake civilians clustered around the door. There was even sound! The [Mage] was standing next to a Drake [Guardswoman] as she argued with an important-looking officer in yellow armor. It was probably not a conversation that Pallass meant for the world to hear.
 
“Hurry up! We need reinforcements now!”
Erin stood in her doorway, shouting at Pallass and unknowingly, the world as the battle raged behind her. Moths were falling from the sky, blasted by Falene’s lightning and a shower of thorns Moore sent upwards like a flight of arrows. The Drakes in front of the door stared at her, but Erin’s words were meant for Watch Captain Venim as he stood with a company of Drakes in armor. They hadn’t entered the door although they’d been standing there for the last ten minutes.
“Watch Captain? Our [Mages] have the doorway open and ready to go! Give the order and I’ll take my men through.”
The Drake was a [Captain], nearly hopping with impatience as she eyed the battle in Liscor. But Watch Captain Venim just shook his head.
“I do not have permission to send your troops in, [Captain].”
The Drake turned her incredulous gaze on him. She kept her voice low so the anxious crowd of Pallass’ civilians couldn’t hear, but she was standing right next to the Drake [Mage] who was mightily concentrating, his face beaded with sweat as he stared at the portal.
“And why not? Liscor is under attack! Those flying moths will overwhelm the walls within the hour if we don’t clear them away! Ancestors, my company might not be enough! We need to push as many soldiers through as that doorway allows and do it now!”
Venim closed his eyes.
“The Assembly of Crafts is debating. We do not have authorization to support. Prepare to close the door if the inn is overrun.”
The Drake inhaled sharply.
“Watch Captain? You can’t be serious—”
“You have your orders, [Captain]! So do I! We wait until the Assembly responds, is that clear?”
Venim snapped at her. He broke off as the Drakes looked at him. One of the civilians stared at the soldiers and then at the battle.
“Why aren’t we sending our army in?”
There was a murmur from the crowd. Many Drakes had left the streets rather than look at the hordes of monsters, but the stronger-willed civilians were present. Indeed, several richly-dressed Drakes were inspecting the carnage with a great deal of interest.
“It’s Liscor. It’s not our city.”
One of the Drakes spoke up hesitantly. A Drake with a monocle in front turned, looking offended.
