5.08
Page 13
The gargantuan Face-Eater Moth had nearly climbed over the walls and was threatening to enter the city where it would cause havoc unchecked. The City Watch was trying to hold it back but the massive moth simply ate the defending Drakes and Gnolls or speared them with its massive legs. It was just crawling over the battlements when an arrow sprouted between its head and exploded into a shower of spikes that tore part of its face away. The Face-Eater Moth reeled back, keening, and heads swiveled for the unknown shooter.
He was coming up the stairs. Halrac raised his bow and loosed another arrow. It streaked towards the giant Face-Eater Moth and exploded into a cloud of green dust. Poison. The moth shook its wings as Halrac shot a second arrow which froze a portion of its left wings. It dropped, and Halrac shifted his aim and shot a moth the size of a wagon instead. The fireball that engulfed the winged creature consumed it almost entirely.
“Griffon Hunt!”
A cry went up as Halrac shot again and again, his enchanted arrows finding their mark each time. The [Guardsman] rallied behind Halrac and pushed the moths back to the wall. Halrac advanced and behind him came Typhenous and Revi. The Stitch Woman shouted in fury.
“Come forth, spirits! Drive back these monsters!”
She pointed and the City Watch saw a wave of ghostly warriors and archers charge up the stairs behind her. Spectral warriors flooded the battlements, fighting the Face-Eater Moths. Revi pointed and a flaming Corusdeer galloped past her while two bright eagles made of light harassed moths flying overhead.
“Typhenous, we could use a shield!”
Revi shouted at the old man behind her. Typhenous raised his staff.
“[Wall of the Winds]!”
A howling gale sprung up along their section of the wall, hurling the moths climbing or flying there away. Typhenous raised his voice as the [Guardsmen] cheered.
“Keep shooting! The wall works one way!”
Halrac grunted as he loosed an arrow. It passed straight through the wall of swirling winds and exploded in the face of the Face-Eater Moth as it tried to fly back up. Outraged, injured, the moth flew backwards.
“Keep me covered. I’m bringing that thing down.”
He spoke curtly to Revi. She paused in exhorting her summoned minions.
“You think you can?”
Halrac glared at the giant moth as it circled, flying overhead to bypass the windy barrier Typhenous had conjured. He pulled five glowing, cherry-red arrows from his quiver.
“Let’s find out.”
He drew and loosed and the explosion consumed the moth. It fell amid the cheering.
 
—-
 
Pallass confirms one of five giant Face-Eater Moths is down!
Zeres. We have eyes. We saw.
Oteslia. What’s this about Pallass not sending reinforcements to Liscor? Explain yourself!
Pallass. Standby.
 
Zevara’s claws tore the parchment slightly as she stared up from the hastily scribbled [Messages] and at the smoking corpse of the giant Face-Eater Moth that had fallen onto half the wall. The ink was still wet and the Street Runner was already dashing off the wall to safety.
“The Walled Cities know about this? And they’re watching? How in the name of—the inn!”
“Are they sending reinforcements?”
Olesm called hopefully as he surveyed the wall. He pointed.
“Fall back! [Rapid Retreat]!”
A group of [Guardsmen] fled at speed as a group of moths swarmed over their location. Zevara shook her head, looking at the rest of the messages.
“No! Damn Pallass! They’re still holding back!”
