5.08
Page 1
Ylawes had produced a helmet from somewhere. It was a classic knight’s helm with a visor. He put it over his head, his voice muffled as he spoke.
“We’re going out there. The moths are already breaking the windows and trying to get in—we’ll distract them. Yv, you and your team hold this inn. If Miss Solstice is right we can rely on it to shield our backs and rest if needed. But we won’t win this battle sitting and holding out.”
“Win? Ylawes, there are thousands of—”
“I know.”
His voice made Yvlon go quiet. Ylawes looked around and Erin saw him open his visor to look at his younger sister.
“Yv, this is our duty. My team’s duty. We’re Gold-rank adventurers and Liscor is under siege. We need to take down those giant moths. Liscor only has a limited window before the city is overrun and we are bound to fight.”
“Sounds about right.”
Jelaqua strode over. The Selphid wasn’t smiling and her hands gripped the two-handed flail tightly. She nodded to Ylawes as the Gold-rank adventurer turned.
“You’re thinking the same thing, Ylawes? Head out and smash those bugs?”
“We’re going to aim for one of the five giant moths. You?”
Erin and the Horns of Hammerad stared open-mouthed as Jelaqua grinned with bloodless lips.
“Nothing so grand. Moore’s magic can’t hit aerial targets and Seborn and I aren’t cut out for it either. We’ll just mow down as many moths as we can. You want to coordinate?”
“No. We’ll just foul each other. Let’s stick within range of the inn, though. We’ll take the front.”
“Fine. We’ll try to hold that ground too.”
Jelaqua nodded. She struck Ylawes’ shoulder with a gauntleted fist as he nodded to her. Yvlon was still staring.
“Are you insane? You’ll be torn apart if you go out there! Ylawes—”
“Don’t argue with your brother!”
To everyone’s surprise, Jelaqua snapped at Yvlon. She looked around. The Selphid’s eyes flashed as she nodded to the door.
“This is a Gold-rank adventurer’s responsibility. It’s not the same as being Silver-rank. When you reach our level you swear an oath to fight. We don’t run, not when a city’s at stake.”
“Exactly. Liscor won’t survive that onslaught for long. Their magic barrier is already weakening.”
Ylawes’ words were punctuated by a thump in the distance. Erin’s eyes widened.
“What was that?”
“Attack magic. Came from Liscor.”
Seborn announced from his position by the doors. Erin heard a thunderous roar and the chittering of the moths stopped for a second as a tremendous thwoom of noise made the windows of her inn shake. She looked around wildly as the press of bodies let up on the outside for a second. She ran to look out a window, ignoring Ceria’s warning.
Moths were flying about in confusion. Erin could see the magical barrier around Liscor flickering and then a flash of orange and red blinded her. The giant moth flew back, keening, as hundreds of its smaller kin fell burning from the air.
“Good use of fire magic. But it won’t last. They only have a limited number of enchantments on their wall.”
Falene announced as she stared out the windows. Indeed, the moths were already attacking the barrier again. They hurled themselves at the blue shield surrounding Liscor and Erin could see it flickering with each impact. Two of the colossal Face-Eater Moths landed on the barrier and she saw it go out for an entire second.
“Dead gods. Are you really going to fight that?”
Ceria’s voice was soft. Ylawes nodded. He looked at her and the other Horns of Hammerad.
“Hold the inn. Don’t let the moths in. If you can’t, pull back into Celum and don’t open that door for any reason. We’ll survive.”
“Ylawes—”
