5.08
Page 2
The [Knight] turned and looked at his sister. Erin couldn’t see his face through his visor, but she thought he was smiling.
“I’ll see you soon, Yv.”
There was a crash from upstairs and the sound of splintering glass. Pisces cursed and he and Ksmvr rushed up the stairs. Erin looked around. Where were the Redfang Goblins? Ylawes looked up and nodded to his team.
“Ready?”
“A moment. The mana here is strong. I’m trying to harness it.”
Falene closed her eyes. Erin gasped in surprise.
“Oh! My inn’s got lots of magic! Can you use it?”
“Of course.”
The half-Elf opened her eyes and regarded Erin severely. She shifted her gaze to Ceria.
“Ceria Springwalker, you are a mage of Wistram. I trust you to hold this ground until we return.”
“I’ll—do my best.”
Ceria looked pale. Erin stared at her and then at Falene. The half-Elf was beginning to glow. Dawil grumbled and moved backwards as Falene’s body sparked, jolts of electricity arcing from her body to the ground and tables.
“Hot! Watch it, Elf!”
She made no reply. Across from her, Erin saw Moore raising his staff. Jelaqua’s voice was calm.
“We’re going in, boys. Slaughter tactics. No need for speed or maneuverability out there. Moore, can you cast your armor spell on all of us?”
“Yes.”
The half-Giant’s voice boomed. His eyes flashed green as he brought the staff down. There was a rumble and Erin saw vines covered in huge thorns worm out from beneath her floorboards. They covered his arms, his legs—she saw the same was happening to Jelaqua and Seborn!
“Dead gods.”
Ceria breathed the words. She was staring at Falene. Now the half-Elf was surrounded by a crackling aura of lightning. It was contained—Erin saw the bolts of electricity trying to earth themselves on Dawil and her tables and Falene drawing them back around her. The half-Elf’s voice echoed as her eyes flashed.
“Magic is limited only by the quality of the mage, Ceria. This inn is a place of power. As am I.”
She turned. Her body shone with lightning. Dawil grumbled.
“And I’m a place of metal. Keep your [Lightning Shroud] spell under control until we’re clear of the inn, Elf!”
“Ready?”
Ylawes strode towards the door. His armor shone as Falene and Dawil took up places behind him. Erin heard more crashes above and shouts. She looked up. Were the moths getting in above already?
“We’re ready.”
Jelaqua’s voice came from a shape cloaked in vines. Erin stared. The Selphid was covered in green armor, her body engulfed in razor-sharp thorns and twisted vine. Only her eyes were visible and then, only just. Seborn looked equally fearful, but Moore—
Two giant eyes stared at her out of a mass of barbed plant matter. The half-Giant turned and Erin, Ceria, and Yvlon backed up a step. A towering creature rose, a hand covered in razor-sharp blades gripped a staff. Ylawes glanced at the Halfseekers.
“On my count, then.”
He put his hand on the door as Dawil knocked aside a barrel that had been pushed in the way. The barrel fell and broke, spilling alcohol across the ground.
“Oops.”
The Dwarf’s voice was loud. Erin heard the chittering, the rustling, saw something smash through the window across the room. It began thumping against the table blocking the way. Ylawes didn’t look around. He waited three seconds and then lifted his shield. He shouted as Ceria and Yvlon ran to attack the moth coming through the window.
“Silver Swords! Let’s go!”
