5.08
Page 9
Salazsar. We have visual input as well. Scrying orb. However, our [Mages] are unable to transmit imagery.
Manus. What does Salazsar see?
Salazsar. Overwhelming numbers. Our [Strategists] predict one-in-three odds of Liscor being overwhelmed in the next thirty minutes.
Fissival. To Pallass, request nature of visual confirmation.
Pallass. Visual confirmation is…visible. We have a [Mage] capable of [Scrying] at the location of a portal to Liscor.
Oteslia. Please confirm, Pallass. ‘Portal?’
Manus. Keep up with current events, Oteslia. Pallass, can you send visuals via [Scrying]?
Pallass. Standby.
This is Wistram. If Pallass has a [Mage] capable of casting [Scrying] we will amplify the spell to all interested parties. Our mages are ready to link at a moment’s notice.
 
There was a ripple of shock throughout Lord Tyrion’s command tent. He raised a hand and spoke drily.
“Of course Wistram would be spying.”
There was a nervous chuckle around the tent as the [Lords] and [Ladies] and lesser officers stared intently at the young woman, the [Mage] in charge of relaying what was happening. She gulped, but began to speak again, repeating the conversation after the moment of hesitation by all six Walled Cities.
 
Zeres. Wistram is not invited to this conversation. Remove yourself at once.
Fissival. Wistram was invited by our request for magical consultancy.
Zeres. The mages are not authorized.
Oteslia. If Wistram can send [Scrying] spell, do so at once. 
Fissival. To a vote. All in favor? Fissival votes yes to Wistram magical aid.
Oteslia agrees with Wistram’s request.
Zeres reluctantly acknowledges.
Salazsar permits. Act quickly.
Pallass will comply. Standby.
Wistram awaits. Our circle is linked and led by two of our Archmages. We will send a magical projection to all individuals with appropriate receptive capacity.
 
Niers Astoragon instantly sat up. He turned to Peclir Im who was listening quietly behind Foliana and several of the Forgotten Wing company’s officers and [Strategists].
“Get a scrying orb at once.”
“Or a mirror. Hand mirror. I have one in my room.”
“Too small. And yours is weak, only capable of lesser scrying. I want an orb.”
Peclir dashed out of the room and several of Niers’ students looked at the [Grandmaster Strategist]. Niers frowned as he peered at the magical slate upon which the [Message] spells were appearing. Foliana munched on a carrot muffin as she sat next to him.
“Looks like a lot of people are listening.”
“Of course. I wouldn’t be surprised if this conversation was appearing across the world. Liscor falling at this moment to a monster attack from a dungeon? If Wistram really does send the projection, I wouldn’t be surprised if the King of Destruction himself watches. Assuming he has a scrying device.”
There was a ripple around the room. Niers flicked his eyes across the slate. A single message had appeared. And then another. Foliana offered Niers a crumb.
“Muffin?”
He ignored it. Every eye was on the slate.
 
Oteslia. Pallass, your status?
Pallass. Standby.
 
—-
 
“Hold the line!”
Watch Captain Zevara was fighting on the walls. She screamed at her [Guardsmen] as they fought the moths crawling over the walls and flying overhead. Arrows were being loosed overhead and the few [Mages] in the Watch were blasting the larger targets, but there were just too many moths. As Zevara turned her attention back to the space in front of her she saw a cloud of moths come up and the [Guardsmen] with shields and spears crying out in dismay.
“Duck!”
