5.08
Page 6
Yvlon screamed at the other two. Erin nodded. She had no idea if the Silver Swords or the Halfseekers were even alive, but she had to trust they were. She looked around. Her inn was filled with shouts, thumping, screeching insects. She had to do something! But what?
Fight? Erin realized she was holding her frying pan and hurled it at a moth that had burst through a window behind Ceria. It clonked the moth and it was stunned long enough for the half-Elf to turn and blast it with shards of ice. Erin backed up towards her kitchen as Ceria yelled at her to keep back. No, fighting was out. She was no [Warrior]. Then what?
It was a flash of inspiration. The door! Yes, why hadn’t she—Erin ran for the door and yanked it open.
“Erin!”
Octavia nearly cut her with the kitchen knife she was holding. She was standing in front of the door with Drassi right behind her. Erin saw the [Alchemist]’s eyes widen as she took in the chaos behind her.
“Erin, get through quickly!”
“No! Octavia, I need potions! And the Watch! Where’s Celum’s Watch?”
“Watch? Lyonette ran to get them! Erin, how many are—”
“Thousands! Liscor’s under siege and we’re barely holding! I need all the potions you’ve got, understand? Healing potions, mana, explosive—put them in crates and wait for me to open the door, understand?”
“What? But—”
Octavia hesitated for only a second. Then she nodded.
“I can do that! Give me five, no, two—”
She looked around desperately.
“I’ll open the door soon! Get the Watch to come! Tell them we need as many [Guardsmen] as they can spare!”
Erin shouted at the [Alchemist]. Drassi looked confused.
“Erin, what are—”
“Pallass!”
Erin slammed the door. She ran into the kitchen, hearing Ceria cursing and Shorthilt shouting a warning behind her. Mana stone, mana stone! Where was—
There! The bright yellow mana stone gleamed at her in the bowl next to the door. Erin grabbed it and rushed back out. She slapped it on the door and opened it.
Pallass! An entire Walled City lay in front of her, the sky blue, the streets filled with people going about their business. For a second Erin just stared. Then she waved her arms and screamed.
“Hey! Help! Help!”
Heads turned in surprise. Erin shouted as Drakes stared at her. They just stared at her as she shouted and waved at them.
“Come here! It’s an emergency! Come here!”
They just stared at her! At last a few Drakes walked over, looking confused. One of them, a Drake with dark purple scales looked amused.
“Human, what’s this about? What—”
He caught sight of the fighting behind Erin and recoiled.
“Ancestors, what’s going on?”
“Liscor is under attack! There’s monsters everywhere! Get the City Watch! Tell them we need reinforcements, now!”
“Liscor, under attack?”
More Drakes came over. They stared over Erin’s shoulder, alarmed, but not afraid. The Drake eyed Erin’s inn through the door.
“Are those…moths? What’s happening, Human?”
“There’s an attack on Liscor! Get help!”
Erin screamed at him. She would have run through to yell at them, but she knew her door only had enough power to let her enter and exit. And she needed an army! The Drakes around the door looked unconvinced.
“This doesn’t look like an attack on Liscor. How do we know you’re telling the truth?”
“Do you see the giant face-eating moths behind me?”
“Yeah, but that could be just your inn.”
For a second Erin just stared at the purple-scaled Drake. She raised one fist and punched him through the doorway. Then she seized the entire door itself and began dragging it across the common room.
“Erin? What are you doing?”
