5.09 E
Page 16
“No need to thank me. I will most likely be too busy to attend the gathering myself, but I believe about thirty of the local nobility will attend, as will a close friend of mine, Lady Bethal Walchaís. I have scheduled this event to take place a week from today. I trust this gathering will be most informative to all parties, and I hope that you will allow one of my most trusted servants, Sacra, to convey my personal regards.”
Lady Rie paused.
“The name ‘Sacra’ is underlined heavily, Emperor Laken.”
“I understand what she means.”
I grit my teeth as I sit back on my throne. She’s sending Sacra? I mean, Odveig? Why? And a gathering? Here? For what reason? Lady Rie hesitates and I see her looking at my face.
“Ah—there’s a few more lines, Emperor Laken. I trust you will entertain this small soiree in your honor, Emperor Laken. I am mistrustful of [Emperors] and royalty in general, but I feel that we will all be more secure when we get to know each other, possibly over a few light snacks and conversation? Lady Bethal shall tender you my warmest regards. Sincerely…”
Lady Rie folds up the letter without finishing. I sit back. The two of us wait in silence for a long time. At last, I speak.
“Lady Rie, how well do you know Lady Magnolia?”
“Not well, Emperor Laken. I have met her several times. The day before I travelled to your village, in fact.”
“Really? And what do you think of her?”
“As a person or as a [Lady], your majesty?”
“Either.”
“She’s dangerous, ruthless, and cunning, your majesty.”
“Do you think this is a trap?”
“Without a doubt. She might want to humiliate you by hosting the event here, gain more information about your empire, poison the other nobles against you, threaten you, or…”
“Or?”
“Kill you. It would not be unheard of in Izril.”
I sit for a long time on my throne. Lady Rie’s words send a chill down my spine. Goblins. Politics. I can’t decide which is deadlier. But I do know one thing. One or both is coming my way. The Goblin Lord or the hand of Magnolia Reinhart herself. And I’m not ready.
Not yet.
 

