5.09 E
Page 15
“An [Emperor] should not travel to meet a [Lord] in any case, your majesty. Lord Tilwa is testing you with this letter. Leaving him without a reply for a day or two should unsettle him slightly.”
“Oh? I’m good at ignoring [Lords] and [Ladies]. I think I responded to two dozen letters with polite nothings.”
“Including mine, Lord Laken?”
“You sent me a gift, as I recall. Are you saying I should demand something from Lord Tilwa?”
“Perhaps. He might send you a gift instead, if he hasn’t already.”
“I don’t recall. I think I left the letters lying around. It might be good to see if Prost remembers.”
A rustle. Yep, she just stepped closer. What is her game?
“I have no doubt that Lord Tilwa wishes the same thing from you that all the nobility do.”
“Which is?”
“Influence. Power, derived from your name. At the moment your financial and military capacities are unknown and you control very little land for someone of your class. Thus, your power is mainly in lending support, verbal or otherwise. However, if you can establish Riverfarm as a powerful exporter of goods or military might—”
“Defending areas under my protection or selling siege weapons?”
“As I understand it, Lord Tyrion himself lacks siege weapons. Your empire could be quite powerful economically as well as militarily. Lord Tilwa understands that and is attempting to test the waters, but he can wait. There are more important individuals to address. Now, the next letter—”
I hear the rustle of paper and then a sharp gasp. I sense the letter fall from Rie’s hands and her quickly bending to snatch it up with trembling hands. I sit up.
“Lady Rie?”
“My apologies, Emperor Laken. But this next letter—it must have been mixed up and not placed at the top. City Runners normally organize such missives meticulously by rank—”
“Maybe one of the villagers mixed it up when they were giving it to you. Who is the letter from?”
“Lady Magnolia Reinhart.”
I pause. Magnolia Reinhart. My stomach doesn’t exactly sink with dread, but it does flutter a tiny bit.
“Isn’t she in Invrisil? Right where the Goblin Lord’s army is?”
“She is apparently still able to send letters. And this one—I will read it with your permission.”
Lady Rie opens the letter without waiting for me to say yes. I hear the crinkle of paper as she reads in silence, and then what sounds suspiciously like a curse.
“Lady Rie?”
“The letter is—well, I shall skip the greetings. Magnolia Reinhart writes—To the [Emperor] Laken Godart of Riverfarm, I extend my warmest greetings. I had no idea such an august personage had arrived in Izril until this moment and must render you my deepest apologies for not contacting you sooner.”
“That’s a lie.”
“It is. She goes on. I am so deeply apologetic in fact, that I feel the only thing I can do to express my sympathies in full is to host a small gathering of my fellow [Lords] and [Ladies] in your honor. Naturally, I would be remiss if I did not invite you, but I would hate for the pressing commitments of station or distance to dissuade you from attending. Thus, I have taken it upon myself to—that scheming bitch!”
“Lady Rie?”
“I—I am deeply sorry, your majesty. Please forgive me. Lady Magnolia writes—Thus, I have taken it upon myself to host this little gathering at your estates in Riverfarm.”
“What?”
