5.10 E
Page 7
[Lords] carrying off village girls who catch their eyes. [Ladies] finding young men to have an affair with and killing them to hide the evidence. Apparently it’s happened in the past. I recall something similar from my world. Droit du seigneur in French, or the medieval ‘right to a first night’ practiced among the nobility. Apparently that law doesn’t exist in Izril, and Lady Rie is insistent that nothing else happens either.
“Your majesty, I understand Mister Prost’s worries, but they are groundless. Such events never happen—and if they did, it was one or two truly depraved individuals from decades past—and it would not occur on your lands, not when these nobles are coming to visit you! They wouldn’t dare offend you!”
“No? And what about if they used their privilege and station to force a girl into saying yes?”
Prost folds his arm as he glares at Lady Rie. For the first time he and she seem to be at odds, and Lady Rie seems exasperated by the argument.
“Any girl may refuse, of course—those rights are sacred, and these nobles live next to Lady Magnolia Reinhart herself! She does not stand for any coercion of the young or unwilling. That is one of the few things she does well. The Reinharts have always maintained order among the aristocracy and meted out justice.”
“Too little too late. That won’t save a broken-hearted girl and her love.”
“She can say no—”
“To a [Lord]? Without bringing down wrath on her family?”
I have to hold up my hands to stem the argument again. When Prost and Rie are quiet, I look at Lady Rie.
“Lady Rie, can you assure me that the things Mister Prost is describing would never take place?”
She hesitates as Prost folds his arms.
“Well—I cannot pretend that some instances of this behavior never occurred, but at this gathering I am sure any young woman would be safe—”
“Hah!”
“Mister Prost. How often is it that this sort of thing occurs? Are there truly that many instances of it, or are all these rumors just that—rumors of someone in a village being carried off by a noble?”
“Well, sire…I never did hear the village’s name.”
“You see?”
Rie sounds exasperated. Prost flares up again.
“Just because it never happened in recent years, doesn’t mean it won’t at this gathering! There are young men among the nobles attending, and the families here are worried, your majesty. And with good cause!”
“I understand.”
What a mess. And again, I don’t know what the best solution is. I turn to Lady Rie.
“Could we address the issue? Tell the nobles attending that the serving staff are off-limits for…everything?”
Rie inhales sharply.
“Simply mentioning that would cause great offense, your majesty! I can assure you it will not occur, and I would stake my reputation on that fact.”
“But the people are worried. There’ll be more than one family that hides their daughters on the day, and I’ll stake my class on that fact too.”
Prost turns to glare at Lady Rie and I try not to clutch at my head. What am I supposed to do? Both are looking towards me.
“Emperor Laken, your decision?”
“Your majesty? What should I tell the families?”
I don’t know. I bite my tongue on the words again. In the end I tell Prost that the serving women won’t be touched and Lady Rie agrees to have older people wait the tables. It’s not a good compromise and I worry that more than one family might try and hide their sons or daughters on the day. If only that was the least of my worries.
