5.10 E
Page 5
It’s not like I have a habit of touching forks, after all! And while the difference in quality might be obvious to someone with eyes, it’s only the weight of the fork and the shaping of the metal that speaks to my fingertips. Lady Rie’s fork does feel far more expensive, but again, I can’t do anything but compare the metalwork of the forks with my fingers. I can’t see silver and appreciate how much better it is than pot metal!
Frustrated, I run my fingers along the fork, feeling the difference with my fingertips. And yet, when I compare the two in my mind with my [Emperor]’s senses, they’re almost indistinguishable. One works as well as the other, but it’s this kind of detail that I lack.
“It seems as though my lack of sight is a hindrance here, Lady Rie.”
“Only slightly, your majesty. But if you would advise me on your nation’s culture of dining and etiquette, I might adjust the banquet to suit your tastes.”
I pause and bite the inside of my lip. My culture? Back home I’d rather just microwave something than eat expensively. I choose my words carefully as I reply, handing the silver fork to Durene who takes it gingerly in her hands.
“The nation that was my home…honestly, Lady Rie, my nation was so different from this one that you would find it very alien. It is impossible to compare the things to which I was accustomed to here—especially because I was blind. Riverfarm meets all of my needs quite well, and I am content with that. However, if you think more needs to be done, I am willing to listen, although my input will be shallow.”
“I see. In that case, I would be delighted to go over my list of preparations with you.”
Lady Rie puts a soft hand on my arm. I sense Durene stirring and nod.
“Thank you. I hope we have the coin for all of this?”
“We may have to borrow, Emperor Laken. Or perhaps not. It depends on how many things can be done without. Tables for instance—I had a thought. If your [Carpenters] can design a long table and it can be engraved and polished in a week’s time, it might well serve in place of a purchased one.”
“No doubt. Can we do the same for chairs?”
“I will make inquiries at once.”
Lady Rie rises and leaves her cottage. I ball my fists up in frustration. Lady Magnolia Reinhart. If there was ever a good way to frustrate me, planning an elegant banquet I can’t see would be a good start.
“Laken.”
I turn as Durene gently puts the fork on the table. My half-Troll lover looks at me. I try to put a smile on my face.
“Durene? I’m sorry. I know you probably want to help out around the village. I’ll coordinate things with Lady Rie.”
“Well…I could stay with you today.”
“Huh?”
“Just for today. You know. While you’re with her.”
There’s a possessive note in Durene’s voice that reminds me of when she met Ryoka. I pause.
“Durene, Lady Rie is—a subject.”
“And a [Lady]. Laken, she’s flirting with you!”
“Is she?”
I did wonder. It’s hard to tell. Someone touching me on the arm isn’t unusual, but Lady Rie did act unusual around me. But then, I’m not used to flirting in general. Back on Earth, the people I knew weren’t exactly adept enough to flirt. It was more straightforward. But Durene clearly thinks Rie’s flirting and isn’t exactly keen to let me stay with her.
“Durene, I’ll be fine. I’ll talk with Lady Rie, but it doesn’t matter.”
“What? Why?”
“Because I’m with you, remember?”
Durene pauses.
“Oh.”
“Silly.”
