5.10 E
Page 13
“With chairs and so forth, your majesty? That would take a lot more work.”
“Do we need them? No—in fact, have only a few chairs brought to the gathering place. We’ll have people stand and eat. They can socialize while we put on a display. We’ll have the trebuchets do some test firing—maybe let the nobles try them themselves. As for the issue of young women and men serving—”
I can sense Lady Rie shutting her eyes tightly. I look at Prost.
“Have we parchment? Large sheets we can use as signs?”
“I could have some. Are you planning on making a declaration, sire?”
“Just something posted on the main roads. Have it read as follows: ‘I, Emperor Laken, declare that anyone taking advantage of another person upon my lands without consent will be summarily shot and executed, regardless of their rank or gender.’ Or something to that effect.”
Wiskeria draws in a sharp breath. I see Prost shoot a glance at Lady Rie. Funny, he seems uncertain.
“That’s a bold statement, sire.”
“I’d think it would be the least of what you’d expect from me. Have the posters put along the main roads—on those handy totem poles Jelov keeps carving, for instance.  Make sure all of my guests see them. Just in case. Oh, and Prost? Add some images.”
“What? Sire?”
I’m enjoying myself now. I gesture.
“Images. You know, illustrations! A bloody headsman’s axe and a few heads lying on the ground, or a body feathered with arrows for emphasis. Be creative. You can have some of the children decorate them if you like. Now. Wiskeria.”
“Emperor?”
She’s smiling at me, I can tell. Wiskeria tugs at her pointed hat as I point towards the meeting hall and my throne room.
“Those two men who keep starting fights. Find them and put them in my throne room to wait for me. Tell them that if they start a fight before I arrive…well, just warn them what might happen.”
“Yes, Emperor.”
“Now. Lady Rie.”
She’s practically vibrating. When I speak her name she waits a beat as if she didn’t want to cut in and shout at me this entire time.
“Emperor Laken?”
“I take it you object to most of what I’ve just said?”
“Why, what gave you that idea, sire?”
Her voice is sweet. Too sweet. I turn to face her.
“I don’t disagree with your choices, Lady Rie. By all means, decorate and find proper utensils to serve our guests. But if we serve them, it will be my way. Riverfarm’s way.”
“And if the nobility take offense?”
“Let them. This gathering wasn’t my idea. It was Magnolia Reinhart’s. If it doesn’t have the amenities they’re used to, they can take it up with her. Speaking of which, I’ve decided what they should give me.”
“Oh?”
Lady Rie pauses.
“What would that be, your majesty?”
“Food. They can bring food. Tell them I would like for them to bring as many delicacies as they can carry—not just for themselves, but for my people. They’ll be feeding all of us, so advise them that a pack horse or wagon might be in order.”
I grin at Lady Rie and wonder if her face has gone pale. Durene laughs out loud in delight.
“Emperor Laken, are you quite sure? That would hardly be what they expect—although I’m beginning to realize that is quite the point.”
“Indeed. I don’t want money. I don’t need their charity. That isn’t what an [Emperor] needs. Perhaps a [Lord] might ask for such gifts, but all I need is something to amuse my people. Yes, food—and entertainment. Do they have [Jugglers]? [Bards]? Are there such things as [Actors] in this world or…or [Players]? Tell them to bring those too. And—”
Memory flares. A bit of a dream. I stop.
“Pudding.”
“Pudding?”
