5.10 E
Page 16
“A [Farmer] probably learns more than one or two tricks over the course of his life. A father likewise. Tell me, why didn’t you deal with it yourself?”
“I couldn’t do it, your majesty. Both men, well, they’re proud men and not keen to listen to a new [Steward]. An [Emperor] on the other hand…”
“Young as I am?”
“You saved their villages and drove the Goblins off. I don’t think either of them thought of your age while you were sitting on that throne, sire.”
I shake my head.
“All I did was ask them to settle things like adults, Mister Prost. It could have backfired or not worked at all. I didn’t know if what I was doing was the right thing. I just guessed.”
“But it did work, your majesty?”
I nod. Prost smiles.
“Then it was the right thing to do.”
“Yes, but what if it’s the wrong thing next time?”
He just shrugs at me. Prost speculatively looks across the village as the sun begins to set in the sky.
“Maybe it wouldn’t work any other day, and maybe it won’t work again. But it did work this time and that means what you did was the right thing, even if you didn’t know it was the right thing you were doing. And most of all, because it was you, Emperor Laken who did it, it was the right thing to do. Because [Emperors] don’t make mistakes.”
“Why?”
“Because they’re [Emperors], sir.”
“What if I made a mistake?”
“Then I’d suppose you weren’t acting much like an [Emperor] in that moment, sire. Or maybe it wasn’t your fault because things went wrong for no reason. Maybe it couldn’t be helped and it would’ve happened that way anyways. But [Emperors] don’t make mistakes because they know what they’re doing. Otherwise, why would they be [Emperors]?”
I frown as I mull over his convoluted statement.
“That’s circular logic, Mister Prost.”
He pauses, and then shrugs again.
“It may be circular, but I rather like it, sire. And it works. ”
I laugh.
“Good enough. Now, how’s Lady Rie doing?”
“Chomping at the bit, begging your pardon, sire. But she’s doing a good job, and now that there’s no need to worry about food—or a building—she’s got us figuring out seating arrangements and the like.”
“Much more manageable?”
“Much.”
We walk together, and for the first time I realize that Prost might not be in awe of Lady Rie as much as I was.
“I feel rather foolish, Mister Prost.”
“Do you, your majesty? I think you did a good job today. It was a hard decision.”
“But one I should have made, not anyone else. We wasted a lot of coin and time dancing to Lady Magnolia’s tune.”
“I expect the drapes and other things will make the great hall that much better anyways. And silverware’s good for entertaining folk, sire. It’s an investment for the future.”
“Were you always so optimistic, Prost?”
“No, your majesty. Not as smart, either. But I’ve changed a lot over the last few weeks. Done a lot of thinking ever since a young man pulled my son out of the snow.”
“Huh. Well, I hope I won’t make this mistake again. Mister Prost?”
“Emperor?”
“Let’s get to it.”
He smiles.
“Yes, sire.”
We walk back to work. Work being whatever I care to focus on. Lady Rie has her ideas, and I’m inclined to follow them. When I don’t have anything better in mind.
It’s a silly lesson I learned today. Relearned, rather. I don’t know what I’m doing. I feel like that all the time. But I do know something more important: no one else knows what they’re doing, either. And so I’ve got to make the decisions, even if I’m wrong. Even if they’re the wrong ones.
Because I’m an [Emperor].
