5.10 E
Page 10
Wiskeria looks up as she fiddles with a pouch full of ingredients. She’s been riding patrols with Beniar, escorting City Runners arriving here with bags of holding full of purchased goods. She meets Prost and Rie’s annoyed looks calmly. Then she turns towards me.
“Emperor Laken, I’ll watch the building today and stop arguments from breaking out. That will let Mister Prost handle the rest of the village.”
“That might work. We’re baking and preparing as much food as we can, but it’s not enough, according to Lady Rie.”
Lady Rie sighs.
“Hardly. There’s a [Chef] I’ve been speaking to who could prepare all of the finer dishes we need to present, but he lives thirty miles north of here and is reluctant to make the commute. And I don’t wish to empty the treasury to purchase her services. But we must have a suitable meal ready. And then there’s the issue of gifts…”
I raise my head.
“Gifts? Don’t tell me we have to give our guests—”
“Oh no! That’s not the custom at all. Quite the reverse!”
“What, then?”
Rie smiles slightly, the first smile I’ve sensed all day.
“It’s a custom for visitors to offer a present to those hosting such gatherings. Especially those of high-rank. I imagine an [Emperor] would merit quite a large present, but no one knows what might suit you, Emperor Laken. You recall the gift I gave to you? Well, we’ve received a few tokens like that, but there have been a number of discreet inquiries as to what you might enjoy.”
“What I might enjoy? I get to ask for my gifts?”
The notion sounds ridiculous to me, but Rie nods seriously.
“Indeed. I was rather hoping for this, actually. In fact, this is how Magnolia Reinhart can claim she’s doing you a favor. If we approach the nobles the right way, we might come away with more than we spent to host the gathering.”
“I don’t follow. You mean…ask them for money?”
“A…monetary contribution. Or something similar. Minor artifacts, perhaps much-needed supplies…it all comes down to the phrasing and way the invitations are couched. I would like to speak with you regarding some of the ideas I had in that regard later. If you are willing?”
It’s wrong. My head throbs.
“Of course.”
I lie to Rie and sense her smiling. Prost stands up wearily.
“I’ll get back to work. There’s a few of our [Mages] and [Hedge Mages] willing to try and put on a show—that is, the first stage of entertainments. I’ll see to them.”
“And I will see to the attire.”
Lady Rie sweeps off. I sit on my throne, massaging my head. I sense Wiskeria getting up.
“Your majesty? Everything well?”
“Not really, Wiskeria. I’m not sure how well this party—gathering—whatever, will go.”
She nods.
“Lady Rie’s doing her best. But this was forced on her early.”
“It was. By that damn—do you think we’ll make it?”
“I’m not sure. But I worry that making it or not making it isn’t the problem, your majesty?”
“Then what?”
Wiskeria tilts her head, her voice thoughtful.
“I don’t know. But I don’t think how we impress the nobility is the point. Otherwise, wouldn’t Magnolia Reinhart have made the gathering a few days away and not given us enough time? No, I think it’s something else she’s after. I just don’t know what.”
I turn my head towards her. She’s right. There is something else. But what? What? After a while, Wiskeria gets up. And I, lost and confused, go after Lady Rie. I find her with Durene, consulting with Master Helm.
 
—-
 
“This armor’s too tight! And it’s not real armor, it’s far too thin!”
