5.10 E
Page 18
She sighs, but proceeds to lecture me at length. I wish I could take notes, but my stupid phone is completely dead. I hope I can get it fixed soon. Didn’t Ryoka say that a [Repair] spell charges it up? How come no one in my entire empire can cast the spell?
I wonder how you recruit mages? Reel them in with promises of free room and board? Spellbook on a fishing line? Maybe Wiskeria knows some people. Heck, maybe she’s part of a coven.
One day left. And as I sleep, it all falls into place.
 
Day 97
 
“Is it time yet?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Are you sure?”
“I think we’re early. We shouldn’t be here!”
“We’ll get in trouble!”
“Let’s go, hurry!”
“Wait!”
“Shh! We’re not supposed to be heard!”
“Shut up! Hey! Hey, remember to tell them to bring lots of sweets!”
“And pudding!”
“And pudding! Sweets and pudding, okay? Remember!”
“Quick, let’s go! Before—”
 
This is what I dreamt, over a week ago. The voices stir and echo around me, not quite here, but not quite in my mind either. They’re…like real memories, if that makes sense. Memory that becomes reality as you remember it? There’s just one thing missing from the conversation, one little clue.
Today, as I wake up I feel the village come alive. I eat breakfast with Durene, smiling at her as she paces around nervously.
“Are you sure it’ll be okay, Laken? What if they get angry? Maybe I should wear a helmet! Or a hat!”
“I hate hats. Durene, it’ll be fine. Besides, your suit looks quite nice.”
“You wouldn’t know! You can’t see!”
I laugh. Durene’s been dressed for today, against Lady Rie’s objections. She decided a dress did not suit her, and instead wore a suit—at my suggestion. If women can wear pants and suits, why not Durene? And apparently she cuts a rather bold figure with the cloth my [Tailors] had labored over.
“It’ll go well with my clothing, Durene. I’ve got enough cloth for a dress. We can say we switched roles for the banquet.”
“Laken!”
I’m not wearing a dress, but robes that are quite long and showy. All the better to give me some additional gravitas, according to Lady Rie. She tried to get me to wear lace and I refused. This was the best compromise we could come up with. I’d rather walk around naked than wear a suit with more lace than fabric.
“Looks like Lady Rie’s already pacing outside of the cottage. Prost’s here too. I thought the nobility were supposed to arrive this evening?”
“Maybe they’re early?”
“Not as far as I know. Pass me a fried potato, will you Durene? No, Frostwing, that’s not for you. Stop pooping so loudly, please? I’m trying to eat.”
This is how it goes. I go outside, tell a joke, and only Durene giggles. Gamel’s too uptight with his suit, Prost is distracted tugging at his, and Lady Rie’s far too high strung. Wiskeria just doesn’t like my sense of humor.
No one arrives in the morning, although we had prepared for a few early guests. Apparently I’m so intimidating, the entire group of nobles is arriving together. Or maybe that’s due to the presence of Magnolia’s servant, Sacra, and the famous Lady Bethal Walchaís. I sense a rather large caravan of people headed this way just after breakfast and Beniar’s riders report the nobles are coming in a train.
“A rather large group. They may arrive an hour late. I don’t think they were expecting to carry quite so much on the trip here.”
Lady Rie stares accusingly at me. I just smile.
“And their escort?”
“Light, for a group of nobles travelling. I counted sixty armed guards.”
