5.10 E
Page 0

“Ressa, how do you suppose an evil tyrant laughs?”
“I have no idea, milady.”
Magnolia frowned mildly as she sat on her pink couch, nibbling at a jam tart.
“It’s just that I’d like to be as authentic as possible. If I’m truly a—what did that girl call me? A ‘cold-hearted tyrannical bitch’, I might as well enjoy myself.”
“As opposed to how you loathe existence in general?”
Ressa stood behind Magnolia, hands calmly folded, watching her mistress snack. Magnolia smiled.
“Yes, well, I imagine tyrants enjoy excess to the fullest. One would hope that a tyranny allows for such indulgences. But enough about the children from another world. If they’re alive, they can stay that way. They may return to one of my holdings—if they can conduct themselves properly around my servants, that is. Servants are not slaves, Ressa. They are not expected to fawn over adolescent children as if they were royalty. I would remind them of that.”
“I shall make a note. Putting aside children for now, Lady Reinhart—we have received a quick response from all the nobles you have selected for Emperor Godart’s gathering in a week’s time.”
“Ah, yes, that.”
Magnolia paused in eating her tarts and a sour expression crossed her face. She half-turned in her seat to the second [Maid] standing behind her.
“Sacra, tell me. Do you think Laken Godart will refuse the invitation outright, or play along?”
“I can only speculate, Lady Reinhart.”
Sacra, clothed and looking like a perfect [Maid], bowed her head. She was not wearing her adventurer’s guise or holding the mace she preferred to use in combat, but Magnolia was quite sure she could use a vase or something similar to cause quite a bit of damage. Magnolia Reinhart smiled at her. The right [Maid] for the right job was something her grandmother had always said. As Magnolia recalled, her grandmother used to employ Selphid [Assassins] and had at least one Minotaur [Butler].
“Speculate away, Sacra. You have met the man in person. What was your impression?”
Sacra was silent for a moment. Magnolia saw her eyes flicker as Sacra recalled her time undercover, posing as the Silver-rank adventurer known as Odveig. She had many identities. It was a shame that Odveig had been outed as a spy, but such was the cost of her work. At last Sacra nodded.
“Laken Godart. He is quite intelligent and cautious. He is aware of far more than his blindness would indicate and he is willing to listen to others’ opinions. If he has a flaw, it is his inexperience.”
“As would befit someone coming from another world. If that is his identity. Go on.”
“I believe he would entertain the gathering simply to avoid offending so many noble families. However…he might be swayed if one of his advisors objected strenuously.”
Magnolia nodded.
“And of those advisors he has…a former [Farmer], a [Witch], and Lady Rie Valerund.”
Ressa grimaced lightly.
“It would be Lady Rie who would object. She was quite opposed to your presence when you two met, Lady Magnolia.”
Magnolia raised her eyebrows.
“You saw that too, Ressa? She hid it well, but she quite hates me, doesn’t she? Hates and fears—an unfortunate combination. However, she seems to have flocked to Emperor Godart’s camp so I doubt she would sabotage him quite so easily.”
“It might be for the best. Her aiding him is a part of your plan, isn’t it?”
Ressa stared at her mistress. Magnolia nibbled another tart and nodded absently.
