5.10 E
Page 12
“I said, no, Lady Rie. No helmet. The armor can stay. But make it real armor. And Durene doesn’t need the armor for the banquet. She’ll be sitting with me at the head table. Give her a dress instead.”
Silence. My heart is pounding, my head feels clearer. Lady Rie draws in her breath sharply.
“Emperor Laken? I really don’t—”
“Enough.”
I snap the word and Rie’s mouth closes in an instant. I look around. Durene is staring at me. The [Blacksmiths] are staring at me. I stand taller. When did I start hunching my shoulders? I point.
“Mister Helm?”
He jumps.
“Yes? Your Majesty?”
“Thank you for Durene’s armor. It’s quite, well, I can tell it’s quite impressive. A showman’s piece, no doubt. But let’s aim for functional armor when it comes to that.”
“Of course, Emperor Laken. We’ll get right to work—”
I hold up my hand.
“Not necessary. There are more important things that we need for now. Nails, for one. Hinges—there’s a lot of metal that goes into houses. Let’s get our [Blacksmiths] back to work on those houses, shall we? Don’t worry about the banquet. Durene? Follow me. Someone get me Prost. And Wiskeria.”
I stride off and sense Durene shrugging out of her armor. Still muted, Rie follows. I can sense her eyes on my back and feel Prost and Wiskeria hurrying towards me.
“Mister Prost?”
“Yes, Emperor Laken? I heard you had the [Blacksmiths] working on construction materials for the houses. Should I—?”
“Get your workers back to building houses. We’ll keep a smaller team on the hall, but take it slower, Mister Prost. We won’t be using it for the gathering.”
I feel the electric shock go through the people around me. Durene exclaims.
“We won’t? But I thought—”
“Would we have gotten it ready in time? And would you trust the building not to collapse on us, Mister Prost?”
I nod at the half-finished building. Prost grimaces.
“It’d be close and that’s without furnishings, sire. But what did you have in mind if not that gathering hall?”
“Easy. Get the tables and chairs done. Then put them in a meadow. That one just past the new farmland sounds good. Clear us a wide space—we have plenty of folk who can do that and it won’t take us a day. We’ll serve our guests there.”
“What?”
This last bit is too much for Lady Rie and she manages to speak despite my order. She turns to me, aghast.
“Emperor Laken, it’s not proper. Your guests will be expecting the highest honors. They’re nobility, and if Magnolia Reinhart was hosting—”
“She’s not. I am. Be silent, Lady Rie. Thank you.”
I cut her off again. Lady Rie falls silent and I can sense her lips quivering as I turn my head. I can sense them there. Durene, Wiskeria, Prost, and Lady Rie. I sigh.
“I’ve made a mistake. Lady Magnolia Reinhart invited the nobility here, which forced my hand. But my error, the trick she forced me into was playing her game. I don’t think she expected me to put on a formal display for the nobles. Nor should I.”
“But that’s what they’re expecting.”
Durene sounds confused. I smile slightly.
“Yes, they are. That’s what’s traditional. But I’m an [Emperor], Durene. Why should I do things their way?”
“Um…I don’t know.”
“Exactly.”
I nod, almost laughing as I sense Rie’s dumfounded look. I look at Prost.
“Don’t worry about [Chefs], Mister Prost. Tell our [Cooks] to make the kind of food they know everyone will enjoy. As much as they can get ready beforehand and we’ll do a lot of cooking the day of. Now, I want you to have our [Carpenters] make more tables as quick as they can and lay them out in the village square. We’ll feed our people at the same time as the nobility.”
