5.11 E
Page 24
“Only in your name. In truth, I think they rather liked it. A banquet is not complete without bloodshed and intrigue, after all. I thank you on their behalf since they will not, arrogant fools that they be.”
 
“So you’re going? Just like that?”
She nods. I have a thousand things to ask her, and I sense the warrior behind her and know I won’t get an answer to any of them.
“There’s so much I need to know. Will your kind return if I host another banquet?”
 
“Most likely not. This was special, Laken Godart. You know that. If it happened twice, would it be as special? Nae, do not look for wonders twice in the same place. We are not permitted to interfere in this world.”
 
I frown at Ivolethe.
“But you did. That was poison meant for me.”
 
“Aye. But we were allowed to come here.”
 
I pause.
“That makes no sense.”
She laughs.
 
“You are like Ryoka. Foolish. Don’t you see? The rules we have against interfering are not rules set in stone or graved on the world’s heart. They are just rules. Made by our King. He thinks we should not interfere, so we do not out of respect to him. But there is no reason why we cannot.”
 
“But then why is he…?”
Ivolethe shakes her head.
 
“Caution, Laken Godart. Caution and memory. Our King does not wish our deaths. He fears that to interfere would mean the end of one of us, and that is a cost far too high.”
 
“He fears for you so much?”
The winter fae nods. Her voice grows tired, older, even as her spring cousins laugh and dance about, making the most of their last moments on earth.
 
“If one of our kind should perish every thousand years, it would be far too many, emperor of men. We are old.”
 
“How old?”
I feel a frozen finger jab me in the throat and flinch.
 
“Must you mortals ask a question of everything? Old, fool! When your kind was learning to build with stone and wood, we were already ancient. In ages past we danced with gods and demons and made war and peace across worlds.”
 
She pauses.
 
“Once our courts were filled with the fae and we filled the forests with laughter. We are fewer now. Far fewer.”
 
“But you are immortals. Aren’t you?”
She just sighs.
 
“All things die, Laken Godart. All things. So our King forbids us to do more than spread winter on this world. And that is a boon based out of obligation. But he let us attend this banquet because it was special.”
 
“Why? If you don’t mind me asking.”
She just sighs.
 
“For the memory of such things, I think. Our King desires not to interfere in this world’s doings, but he remembers. We all remember what was and what might be again, and we long for these gatherings. We love acknowledgement, and for that the Faerie King would bend his own rules to allow us a few moments to dance and make merry. For this kindness, you were granted a wonder. If the world changes because of it, well, such is fate. And we enjoyed ourselves, so that’s all that matters.”
 
She smiles wickedly. I find myself smiling too, but it’s bittersweet.
“I wish—”
She cuts me off. I feel a kiss on my cheek, a sweet kiss like a snowflake, like frost. Ivolethe dances back from me, elegant, mischievous, as Durene gasps.
 
“Hah! If wishes were so easily granted! Take your gifts, Laken Godart. I do not think we will ever meet again.”
 
I rub at my cheek.
“Don’t you know?”
She shakes her head.
 
“If we knew everything, what would be the point of anything? Go well, Laken Godart.”
 
She laughs, a bright, cold sound, and bows. I bow back and Ivolethe turns. In a moment she and the strange warrior are gone. The other fae dance forwards. One steps forwards and bows to me, mockingly.
 
