5.11 E
Page 15
I sense some of them clustered around a young man with a cup in one hand. Laughing, they surround the young [Lord], laying hands on his body, touching him, flitting away. They provoke him and lead the young man on like a game, and I sense his face flush. He reaches for a female fae and she spins away, laughing. The young man pursues her and nearly lunges until he’s caught by another young man. The second [Lord] says something to the drunk one and I hear a loud, slurred voice.
“Keep off, Pattin! No one wants your opinion. Damn you and your poor house!”
His voice is a bit too loud. Not that the fae care. They ooh and laugh as the young [Lord] named Pattin flushes. He replies as I slowly move closer, on the pretext of asking Gamel if he’s got enough wine to go around.
“They outrank you, Lord Rael. It’s not seemly to pursue them like that.”
“Rank? We’re all [Lords] here, you daft idiot!”
The young lord Rael shakes Pattin’s grip off. I remember him now. He’s the one who laughed after I invited the fae. He doesn’t strike me as hugely bright. Pattin on the other hand interests me. Lady Rie appears like a fae herself and whispers in my ear.
“Do you want me to stop them?”
“No, let them talk. Remind me where Lord Pattin comes from?”
“Vaunt. A small city with a few villages. Very small holding, but they make excellent cheese. Unfortunately, they can’t produce a large amount owing to sickness among their cattle six years back. They have yet to replenish their herds and have fallen on hard times. Young Lord Pattin is considered a very intelligent [Lord] though, and I believe that when he replaces his father, Vaunt will prosper.”
“I see.”
I sense Rael staggering forwards until he’s intercepted by his aunt. I can’t hear what she whispers to him, but it sobers him up fast. She bows to the fae lady that Rael was pursuing.
“I do apologize, for my nephew’s rudeness. May I inquire as to your name, Lady…?”
The fae woman draws herself up and I don’t have to see the mischief in her eyes. I can hear it in her voice.
 
“I am a Baron, foolish mortal! Kneel before me!”
 
“A Baron? Do you mean a Baroness?”
Bevia sounds startled. The fae woman laughs at her.
 
“Why would I be a Baroness? I asked to be Baron and so I am! Will ye not kneel?”
 
“I’m afraid [Ladies] do not kneel to [Barons].”
 
“Truly? Pity!”
 
The fae woman loses interest instantly. She dances away and I hear her begin to bother someone else. The fae call out to me as I pass by their table.
 
“Come sit, Emperor!”
“Drink with us!”
“Eat with us!”
“Dance! Dance with our kind! Come!”
 
I decline as best I can as they whirl around me, laughing, snatching at my robe. Durene moves forwards protectively.
“Hey, keep away! You can’t just—”
 
“Ooh, the half-child is angry!”
“Come, daughter of Trolls! Dance with us!”
“Walk the woodlands in with us!”
“Eat and drink, half-child! It has been too long since we have eaten with your kind!”
 
“Wait, what? I’m not—I should—hey, Laken!”
Durene yelps as the fae press drinks and food into her hands. I turn back, but Durene’s objections are quickly muted as the fae cheer her on. She sits with them and begins a drinking contest with one fae. I don’t think she’s in danger, so I move on.
“Emperor Laken? A pleasure to meet you. I am Lord Tourant—”
“Your majesty? Might I have a word? I am humbly Lady Fel of—”
“Do you have a moment, sire? I was hoping to have a quick conversation about—”
