5.11 E
Page 10
One of the [Ladies] speaks. Bevia, the older noblewoman. She stares at the fae and at me.
“I have never heard of their kind, Emperor Laken. These guests of yours, are they Human or—or something else? Please tell me. From what land do they hail?”
To her credit, Lady Bevia’s voice barely trembles although I know she must be as shaken as I am to be in the presence of the fae. At her words, a few of the shining folk laugh and call out.
 
“Avalon, mortal woman! That land beyond lands! The eternal realm”
“Shh! They don’t know where that is!”
“Hark, the emperor speaks! Let him explain!”
 
I nod. How can I explain them?
“As they say Lady Bevia. They come from lands far distant. And they are not Human. They are the fair folk. They have come here in honor of the banquet you have brought with you. They will dine with you. But before we sit, I have a few words of caution.”
I hold up my hand and speak loudly, over the laughter in the table in front of me. I can see the nobles staring at the fae, entranced. But this has to be said. Caution hums in my veins now that the first moment of wonder is gone. Remember the legends.
“I caution you. The fair folk are neither enemies nor friends. Make them no promises and speak no untruths to them. Stay within the meadow and if they ask you to leave with them, politely refuse. They are nobles, but they are not mine. I was honored to give them titles. But they do not answer to me.”
I hear laughter from the fae.
 
“Well said!”
“The emperor understands!”
“No man, no gods! No ruler save for our ourselves!”
 
They cheer and raise glasses, already drinking their third refill, some of them. I gesture towards the table.
“Please sit or stand and eat at your leisure. Tonight is a night for talk and entertainment. We will have a magical display and I believe, a demonstration later. But for now enjoy yourselves.”
It’s abrupt and not that refined, but it’s all I can do. Lady Rie isn’t helping—she’s staring like the rest. I have to nudge her before she starts and begins ordering people about.
“Mister Prost, let us break out more wine for our—our guests. And please, let us find a seat for you, Lady Bevia. Lady Bethal, will you sit or stand? Emperor Laken, may I offer you a seat?”
I shake my head. Bethal hurries off and Durene steps over to me. I sense her bending down as the confused nobles hesitantly approach the table with the merry diners. It feels like a dream.
“Laken? I didn’t understand that.”
“I’d be surprised if you did. Durene, remember the Frost Faeries?”
“Them? I remember. What about them?”
“These are the Frost Faeries. Or some version of them.”
“What?”
“It’s something from my world, Durene. There are…legends about them.”
“What legends?”
Lady Rie is coming up behind me. I turn.
“Lady Rie?”
“Emperor Laken, the nobles are dining with your other guests. Hesitantly. Would you explain to me exactly what they are?”
There’s a note of panic and fear in her voice. I understand. The fae are brilliant, magical—clearly otherworldly. They entrance just by existing, and unlike the limited magic I’ve experienced in this world, there is something off about them.
They touch this world lightly. I shiver. Awe and wonder can easily become terror at the unknown. I turn to Lady Rie and realize I haven’t prepared her at all for the fae. I didn’t know if they’d come. It felt like a long shot. But now they’re here. I sense Prost approaching, and Wiskeria.
“I should explain. All of you—step over here.”
