5.11 E
Page 4
“Why not? He’s an [Emperor] and she’s the highest-level [Lady] in the realm.”
“That’s not a good reason! She’s hardly pledged herself to him. And this isn’t exactly helpful—it could be a ploy to embarrass him, my mother says.”
Haviet leaned forwards. Andres rolled his eyes.
“With a social gathering?”
“If his village really is poor—”
“I thought he owned the lands around here? Anyone know if he owns the local cities?”
“I don’t know much. Only that he calls himself ruler of the Unseen Empire.”
“Unseen?”
“He’s blind.”
“What?”
Rael turned to stare at Haviet. She nodded.
“Hadn’t you heard? He’s blind but apparently he sees everything. Somehow. Don’t ask me, but apparently his army has slain every Goblin, [Bandit], and monster in the area for the last few months! The roads are completely safe, which is why my father wants a trade deal with him.”
Andres leaned forwards conspiratorially.
“I also hear he commands beasts. He’s got a half-Giant for a bodyguard and a [Witch] for a [General].”
“No!”
“Yes, and—get this—he’s also able to protect his people from harm. He can magically sense when they’re in danger.”
“That has to be false. Unless there’s really a Skill like that?”
“I’m just reporting on what’s said! But apparently there’s a rumor that when he first appeared, he went to Invrisil and bought supplies for his village with gems and gold! People say he’s an exile from Chandrar—”
“I heard it was Terandria!”
“Terandria? Are you mad? They don’t have [Emperors] there. Unless he’s of some old lineage.”
“Hey, what’s that? Someone’s coming this way!”
The noisy gossip broke off as Lady Ellia pointed. Rael looked ahead and saw a group of mounted warriors galloping towards them. He stared in fascination as they slowed and then jerked in surprise as the mounted [Guards] and [Warriors] escorting the party moved forwards, protectively encircling the young nobles. Rael gripped at his new longsword, irritated. He wanted to declare that he could handle himself, but he never got the chance.
Cimeca stared as the lead rider approached the group. The head of the [Guards] rode forwards to meet them and they conversed. The rider nodded and then kicked his mount forwards. Rael stared at him in appreciation. He was wearing heavy mail armor and his horse was covered in scale barding. He looked like a seasoned veteran and the [Guard Captain] was clearly wary of him.
“My Lord and Ladies of Izril, I am Beniar, a [Cataphract] and [Captain] in service to His Majesty, Laken Godart. I have been tasked with escorting you safely through his lands. I bear you my liege’s compliments and his gratitude for your long journey.”
Beniar bowed in his saddle to the older nobles and then flashed the young women a smile that made Haviet and Ellia blush and fan at their faces. Rael saw Cimeca’s cheeks were slightly red as well and scowled at Beniar. There was a pause as the nobles conferred, then Bevia raised her voice.
“Sir Beniar, we are grateful for your escort. We eagerly await meeting his majesty soon. Tell me, are we close to Riverfarm?”
“Indeed, my lady. We are less than an hour’s ride away.”
