5.11 E
Page 21
“If it was, it was no magic I’ve encountered. It was passion. Quite enjoyable passion, but passion nonetheless. You controlled yourself as did your wife. If young Oswalt had the sense not to chase skirts he would not have injured himself. As it is he has lost part of an ear—hardly a disfiguring mark. Indeed, a lost ear due to passion is quite attractive to some.”
Sir Tourant stares at Lady Bethal. He hesitates.
“My son—”
“Sit down, Lord Tourant. You are in Emperor Godart’s presence.”
Lady Bethal turns and all the nobles seem to start and recall I’m here. The man next to Tourant hesitates.
“With respect, Lady Bethal, this is hardly a matter for you to—”
“Sit down, Lord Melbore.”
“I—”
“Sit.”
He nearly sits down right then and there. The two men back down and sit at the banquet table. Lady Bethal turns. She smiles widely at me.
“That was a most enjoyable interlude, Emperor Laken. May I ask if you have more entertainments planned for the night? Your strange guests are most entertaining.”
I hear laughter from the fae. One steps forwards and kisses Bethal on the cheek.
 
“Yon mortal could be one of us!”
“Almost!”
“A pity she loves only one! Lucky mortal man!”
“Unlucky mortal man! Hah!”
 
Slowly, the mood returns to something like normal. The fae resume feasting and laughing, but this time the nobles sit across from them at their own table. I find Lady Rie again.
“How bad do you think this was?”
She purses her lips.
“Honestly? I have no idea. Your fair folk certainly frightened the nobles, but whether they’ll hold a grudge against you is different. But watch yourself—she’s going to speak with you next.”
She nods, and before I can turn around I feel thorns. I turn and Lady Bethal is right in front of me with her silent husband.
“Ah, Emperor Godart! We didn’t have a chance to talk. May I have the privilege of a few short words?”
“Of course, Lady Bethal. Are you thirsty? Gamel, could you fetch us some drinks?”
The cups of wine are practically all empty, but Gamel hurries off promising to find some. Lady Bethal laughs lightly as she watches him go.
“Most impressive how many devoted servants you have, Emperor Laken. Am I correct in understanding that young man is a [Knight]?”
“You are, Lady Bethal.”
“Fascinating. You know, I have a small order of [Knights] whom I fund. They are quite energetic. And decent fighters, although of course not as adept as my Thomast. You’ve met him. Say hello, Thomast.”
She waves her husband forwards. He bows slightly and murmurs a word, but, I note, keeps his attention firmly focused on Ivolethe. No—not her, the warrior standing behind her. I’m impressed he can even see the two fae—they’re being ignored by practically everyone else in the meadow. Wait—I think Bethal and Bevia can see them too.
“I’m honored by your presence, Lady Bethal. I understand you’re a close friend of Magnolia Reinhart?”
“Close? Well yes, we did grow up as friends and I do occasionally help her out with small matters. But you know, Magnolia does have her obsessions. And while I understand her, it does grow tiresome worrying about everything, doesn’t it? I prefer to simply act and face the consequences later.”
“Hm. I can admire that way of thinking. I fear that I take the opposite approach. Acting without caution is slightly dangerous when you can’t see.”
Bethal laughs.
