5.11 E
Page 26
He listened, and then after a moment lowered the amulet and handed it to Bethal. He whispered to her as he passed the jewel back.
“She’s shouting obscenities.”
Bethal covered the amulet and made a face.
“That actually meant something to her? What does she know?”
Thomast shrugged. Bethal raised the amulet and adopted a cheery tone.
“My, that’s an earful, Magnolia! Do you know what—? No? Okay, but I will ask you later—come on, Magnolia, I met them! They were quite alluring in a primal sort of way. You would have—what do you mean, the poison? Oh, right! Yes, the poison. Quite dreadful, but those strange visitors discovered it straight away. Quite luckily too! No, I have no idea who could have done it. But it’s a short list, isn’t it? I doubt one of Laken’s servants would have—you have to go? But I had hardly finished describing the food! Oh, very well. Treat that Emperor Godart as a friend, do you hear me, Magnolia? A friend! Yes, that’s my suggestion! I’m not being swayed! Fine!”
She lowered the amulet and made a face. Bethal dropped her cheery tone as she turned to Thomast.
“She’s going to look into it. But I really doubt she’ll find proof, Thomast. Sacra’s not exactly adept at this sort of investigation.”
Thomast nodded. He looked at his wife as she massaged her throat. The Chevalier considered his words, and spoke at last.
“Why didn’t you tell her the poison was meant for you?”
“I didn’t want to worry her. And she should treat it as an attempt on Laken Godart’s life, not wonder if he’s a threat. My impression was that he was an ally of sorts, not someone Magnolia needs as an enemy.”
Thomast nodded.
“I felt the same way. But that doesn’t change the fact that someone tried to kill you, Bethal.”
“My rings would have protected me. Probably. Thomast, we need allies and Laken Godart didn’t plant the poison. If he had, those angry folk would have said so, I have no doubt. We’ll think of who it could be. But let’s leave Magnolia out of this.”
“She sounded tired.”
Bethal nodded slowly.
“She’s tired. She’s being nice. Trying to keep the continent together as always. If only she had some help.”
“Do you think this [Emperor] is the help she needs?”
“Possibly. I don’t think he’ll make things worse. On the whole, I’d trust him over her enemies. The Circle of Thorns has spies everywhere. Perhaps it was one of them who planted the poison. Or perhaps I just have enemies.”
Bethal sighed. She stood with Thomast as the night drew on. The events of the last few hours swirled around them. Fae and magic. Poison and plotting. Bethal looked up.
“Thomast?”
“Yes?”
“Did you enjoy the banquet?”
He thought about this. The banquet had caused a stir. Laken Godart had either terrified or impressed the nobles of Izril. He’d saved himself from being assassinated by Magnolia Reinhart—Bethal and Thomast had been sent to kill him in a duel of honor if they deemed him too dangerous. All in all, Laken had proved himself an adept [Emperor], if a young one. He had mysterious forces at his command, loyal servants, and that most important of qualities—luck.
The banquet had been a wonder, a moment of strange magic in a time of strife. Thomast nodded to himself as he recalled the fae.
“I hated it.”
Bethal kicked him in the shins.
“Spoilsport.”
 

