5.11 E
Page 17
“Yes. Punishment. I am forbidden from returning to this world. Yon guardian is proof of my King’s ire with me. He is here to ensure I do not flee.”
 
Ivolethe flicked a bit of food at the silent warrior standing behind her. He doesn’t move. But I don’t see the specks of food land on his armor. I stare at Ivolethe, unsure of what to say.
“Can I ask why you were punished?”
 
“You can.”
 
I pause.
“Will you tell me?”
She grins for the first time.
 
“Nae.”
 
I’m starting to remember her more now. Ivolethe pauses as she drinks from a wine glass she was not holding a second ago.
 
“‘Tis not my decision to withhold the truth. You need not know what happened, save that I broke the rules of my kind. I interfered with what would be and for that was punished.”
 
“By exile from this world?”
 
“Aye. A harsh punishment. I may go where I please, do what I please. But of this world I am banned from returning save for this one moment.”
 
“That doesn’t seem harsh.”
Ivolethe’s glare is palpable on my skin, like a blast of winter air.
 
“You think so? Here is where my friend lives, mortal. Here she lives and here she will die. I am banned from entering this world until her death. Understand? That is my punishment. To know my friend lives and to not see her triumph and failures. To live until she is gone and chase memories. That is pain! That is how I suffer!”
 
Her voice rises. I feel the air chill further and for a second, a cold wind blows through the meadow, cutting off conversation and turning heads. Then the chill fades. Someone laughs, and the moment is lost. The warm magic of the spring fae overwhelms Ivolethe’s cold fury. I stand with her, silent.
“I don’t know what to say. I’m sorry.”
 
“Sorry. Hah!”
 
Bitterly, Ivolethe drinks deeply. Then she shakes her head.
 
“Save your tears, mortal. ‘Twas a fitting punishment by my King. How else would you punish the fae? Our hearts are hurt only by those we give them to. I broke the rules and so, I suffer. No more, no less.”
 
“Is there anything I can do?”
She looks at me blankly then grins.
 
“Do? What arrogance of mortals! There is nothing to do, Laken Godart. Nothing you could say would change the fae. Do not mistake your influence.”
 
“Sorry.”
She stares at me. Then hesitates.
 
“Well, there is something.”
 
“What?”
 
“Could you—could you tell Ryoka Griffin I live? That I did not die when my form was broken? Tell her I am punished, nothing more. And—”
 
For the first time the armored warrior stirs behind Ivolethe. She breaks off sharply and scowls. I stare warily at the armored figure. His armor is dark in my mind. His figure hazy. I don’t know what he is—another kind of the fae?—only that he scares me. Ivolethe stares silently at me for a moment.
 
“Naught else. Tell her that if you meet her again, Laken Godart.”
 
“If I meet her? Do you know if I will?”
Ivolethe shakes her head.
 
“I see perhapses and maybes and what could be. I see the lines of if and when. But the future changes. If you meet her, Laken Godart. Remember me.”
 
“I will.”
 
“Good. Then we have little else to discuss. Yon food is quite good. I would tell you to eat as much of it as possible before my kin devour the rest.”
 
Ivolethe returns to eating from her plate. I stare at her, surprised by the sudden change in conversation. The frost fae stares at me.
 
“What?”
 
“I have a thousand questions.”
 
“Do ye? I have a thousand answers: no. I am not permitted to speak. Go back to your dream, mortal child. Enjoy the presence of my kind, for thou shalt soon wake from the dream. And be wary, lest it become nightmare.”
 
