5.11 E
Page 20
“And why would you think that would make you safe? The summer court is not like the winter. You were lucky that you only invited my kin, not…others.”
 
“And are we safe now? What if others come?”
The frost fae considers my question. She nods.
 
“I would draw a circle of salt around your village or at the very least, the houses. Put an iron horseshoe on each door if ye must. But do not fear; those of us who would play mischief are fewer now than we were.”
 
“Not reassuring.”
 
“Is it? You know the myths. You invited us anyways. Will you complain and say you weren’t warned?”
 
“No, but they might.”
A voice interrupts my argument with Ivolethe. I sense Lady Rie come forwards. She seems pale, but unaffected by her experience. Of course—those who weren’t lured away by the fae were merely charmed. Durene is shaking her head and saying she feels like throwing up, but the nobles wise enough to stay put are just shaken. It’s their outrage that bothers me.
“How dare you! You’d assault a [Lord] of Izril?”
A man is shouting. Oswalt’s father, I think. He has a sword in hand as he faces one of the female fae. She laughs in his face and I see two [Lords] trying to hold Lord Tourant back.
 
“Did ye fear for your son? You were warned, mortal man! What passes is not your choice but his!”
 
She points at the silent Oswalt. His wounds are healed and save for the tip of his ear he’s fine. But he’s pale and shaking. Lord Tourant trembles with fury as he steps forwards the fae woman.
“If you were not a woman I would cut you down—”
He raises his blade and the fae woman leaps forwards. Before he can, react, she grabs the steel blade—with her bare hands. There’s a cry of shock and Lord Tourant nearly drops his blade. The fae laughs as her hand bleeds crimson onto the blade. She holds it, her blood coating the metal, without pain or fear.
 
“Steel? Hah! If you’d duel us, bring cold iron and star metal! Bring blades forged of magic and legend! And if you thrust, do it with your heart in your hands for we’ll pluck it out if you miss!”
“Yes, come!”
“Come and dance the dance of blades!”
“Bare your sword, lordling of men! Shed blood and life like wine on this night!”
“Come.”
 
More of the fae spring forwards and surround Lord Tourant. The excitement in them isn’t completely suppressed by the bells. Tourant backs up as the fae woman offers the blood blade to him, hilt-first. He hesitates, and then another [Lord] curses and reaches for his sword.
“Damn these outsiders. Tourant! Let’s teach them a lesson!”
He nearly has his sword unsheathed when a voice rises.
“Stop.”
Both men turn. I sense Lady Bethal striding forwards. Her eyes are ablaze with passion and she seems—her dress is very rumpled. I don’t think a fae did it either, because Sir Thomst follows her, adjusting his doublet. Lady Bethal interposes herself between the two lords and the fae.
“You were warned, Lord Tourant. As was your son. Emperor Godart told you the perils of following them. I won’t see you or anyone else dead over this quarrel, and Thomast assures me it would not be our mysterious guests who perish should it come to blows.”
Lord Tourant pales, but his face is still red with anger over his son. He points to the stricken Oswalt with a trembling finger.
“He was bewitched! That was magic!”
Lady Bethal folds her arms.
