5.11 E
Page 23
“Indeed, how could it be us? What about a servant?”
“Anyone could have touched the cup! Why, it could be these strange folk—”
The [Lady] who speaks breaks off as the fae closest to her hiss in outrage.
 
“You dare question our honor?”
“Kill her!”
 
The buzzing begins again, loud and fierce. The nobles shrink in their seats and once again I raise my voice.
“Peace, fair folk! Please, peace!”
They subside, looking at me. I take a few deep breaths. Poison. I never sensed it. And it was coming to me? Why now? Was it—where’s Sacra? I speak as calmly as I can, sensing for her. She’s…wait, she’s in the village. Because she’s not a noble, that’s right! But could she have…? I try and focus, speaking to the crowd in the meadow as calmly as I can.
“Peace. I understand and appreciate your outrage, fair folk. However, no harm was done. This is a time of feasting and I would not besmirch the honor of my guests with accusations without fact. I ask you to sit and eat, lords and ladies of the fae.”
They hesitate. At last, one of them shrugs.
 
“So long as hospitality is not broken entirely and the host agrees, we abide. But a second breach and we will hunt. Honor demands it!”
 
I nod.
“I would expect nothing less.”
Satisfied, the fae sit. Soon they begin laughing as if nothing’s happened, but the nobles of Izril are well and truly frightened. They stare at me, grateful to be saved from the wrath of the fae. I sense Ivolethe moving through the crowd. She plucks the offending cup of poison and sniffs at it.
 
“You have enemies, Laken Godart. Take care you survive to meet Ryoka Griffin.”
 
She takes the half-full cup from the serving tray and downs the liquid inside before I can stop her. Bethal gasps audibly, but Ivolethe just laughs.
 
“Fear not, mortals. ‘Twas not the danger to us that offended my kin, but the insult to hospitality. There are few poisons in any world that we fear.”
 
She tosses the cup down and turns away. Bethal breathes out slowly.
“I see. Well I for one am glad of that. Emperor Laken, I am appalled at this assault on your life—at your own gathering, no less! Please rest assured that I will investigate this matter personally. And please be assured that Magnolia was not responsible for this heinous attack.”
I’m breathing hard. Durene is right behind me, and I know her fists are clenched, ready to hit something.
“You seem very sure of that, Lady Bethal.”
She doesn’t move and her voice is steady.
“I am. Magnolia does not employ poisons. She is far more direct. If she wanted you dead without a shadow of a doubt, well, I realize that is hardly a comfort, but there it is. She intended this gathering as a way to test you, Emperor Godart.”
“And did I pass her test?”
I snap and sense Thomast shift ever so slightly. Lady Bethal nods slowly.
“I would say you did. Please do not mistake Magnolia’s actions for hostility. She must be sure of her friends and enemies. I would elaborate, but I think Sacra is tasked with explaining the rest of Magnolia’s thoughts.”
“I will see her directly then. Lady Bethal, I apologize for the abruptness, but—”
“I understand completely.”
Lady Bethal smiles, bows slightly, and retreats. I turn. Ivolethe is standing behind me.
“What?”
 
“It seems this banquet is at an end. The food is nearly eaten and the wine is almost gone at any rate. I believe my kin are leaving.”
 
Sure enough, the fae are gathering. I hesitate as they laugh and call out farewells to the nobles of Izril. Only Bethal waves and smiles in return.
“Are they offended by the poison?”
Ivolethe grins her pointed grin.
 
