5.11 E
Page 13
“Durene saved my life when we first met, Lady Bevia. I was quite lost and helpless. Blind as I was, I met Durene and we quickly grew close.”
“I see. I am charmed to meet such a forthright young woman. Tell me, Miss Durene, are you the famed warrior I have heard so much about? I have heard of an imposing hero who slew a score of Hobs by himself in service to Emperor Laken, but the rumors neglected to mention your lovely appearance.”
“Me?”
I can sense Durene is blushing even if I can’t see it. Lady Bevia smiles and I’m grateful to her extreme tact.
“I would be honored if you would sit with us.”
“Oh. Okay—I’ll just sit on the ground—”
Durene sits down awkwardly. I smile at her and pat her arm underneath the table. Then I turn back to Lady Bevia.
“I thank you, Lady Bevia. Where were we? Ah, yes. To answer your question—no. The fair folk do not live on Izril. Nor are they part of my empire in truth. My gift of titles was just that—a gift in exchange for a service they rendered to me. They owe me nothing and in truth, I believe they would not come at my behest no matter the situation. This is a…special occasion.”
“A feast. I understand. Do pardon me if I admit to some relief. Your court is intimidating, to say the least.”
“I imagine so. But so are Izril’s nobility.”
I sense Bevia smiling.
“Ah yes. This little gathering was organized by Lady Reinhart. I understand it was something of a surprise. I apologize if we have caused you any inconvenience.”
“Very little.”
I lie through my teeth and sense Bevia knows it. She delicately spears a sautéed mushroom on a fork and nibbles at it as Durene tries to eat as much meat as possible while appearing polite. The rich food is a treat to her and the villagers, I have no doubt. I can barely touch my plate for nerves.
“Ah, this food is quite well done if I might say so myself. I believe Lord Imral provided the mushrooms, and Lady Fel the beef Miss Durene is enjoying so much. Tell me, Emperor Laken, have you ever met Magnolia Reinhart in person?”
“No. I would like to at some point. However, I have interacted with her servants.”
“I see. Well, I would hate to color your impression of her before you two meet in person. She is an impressive [Lady] and a credit to my class. If difficult to work with on occasion.”
I raise my eyebrows.
“By all means, Lady Bevia. Color my impression as much as you would like—sight is hardly an issue when it comes to meeting new people for me.”
Bevia’s startled laughter makes a few heads turn and Durene nearly drops her drink.
“Hah! You are quick, aren’t you, young man? Well, I don’t think I can say anything Lady Rie has not. However, I would ask that you think of her kindly. She has held together the squabbling nobility for far too long. This is her being kind, if you can imagine that. She was far more direct in her youth.”
“Really? And may I ask if you were more direct when you were younger, Lady Bevia?”
“Oh, slightly.”
She twinkles at me. I smile back and find the appetite to have a roll of mustard and beef. It’s actually quite good and I find I have an appetite after all.
“Lady Bevia, I am an unsophisticated [Emperor] with little in the way of subterfuge.”
“I appreciate the lie, your majesty.”
“No, truly. I prefer straightforward conversation. That’s why I fell in love with Durene, after all.”
I hear a choking noise to my right and ignore it.
“You may well imagine this gathering was somewhat difficult to set up, but now you are here, I would be delighted to talk openly and frankly about the possibility of friendship between my empire and yours.”
