5.11 E
Page 11
We move back a few steps so we’re still in the meadow. The sunlight is fading and I can tell the illumination in the meadow comes mainly from the magelights and braziers now. We stand near one and I speak as clearly as I can to Durene, Prost, Rie, and Wiskeria.
“Those are fae. Fair folk. I don’t know if there are legends about them where you all come from, but in my homeland we have tales of them. They are…well, I suppose the best word for them is spirits.”
“Ghosts?”
Lady Rie’s voice trembles. I smile, hearing the fae’s unearthly laughter.
“Not quite. They’re more like magical beings. Very powerful, very mysterious. They’re spirits of nature. They play pranks on mortals, they live deep in forests and in mounds. It’s said there are portals to their world scattered in ours.”
“Dead gods. This sounds like a children’s tale! And they’re real?”
“Reality is stranger than fiction, Lady Rie. Much stranger, apparently. But what you need to know is that the fair folk have rules. After a fashion. They obey bargains and they don’t lie—but they twist the truth. If you don’t try to deceive them and don’t try to make deals or follow them, they’re harmless. Probably. And don’t threaten them either.”
“How would you hurt one of them? Hypothetically speaking.”
Wiskeria turns her head to stare at the fae. I hesitate.
“Cold iron. That means pure iron. Or horseshoes. I think they don’t like bells either. I don’t know—I’m not an expert on the folklore. But they’re masters of illusion. If they offer you gold—don’t take it. It’s probably just flowers.”
“Flowers?”
Lady Rie’s voice is high-pitched. I can sense the nobles looking at us uncertainly. I turn to her.
“Lady Rie, please calm down.”
“You didn’t tell me anything about this! Where did you meet these—these fair folk? Am I to believe they’ve been hiding here all this time? What do they mean, calling us ‘mortals’? Are they?”
“Lady Rie, calm down.”
She quiets. I take a deep breath, and then another for good measure.
“I’m sorry I didn’t warn you. I didn’t know if they’d come. I didn’t expect this. But they are here. And the danger is…acceptable.”
“So long as we don’t make deals or follow them. What about the village?”
I turn my head to Wiskeria.
“They’re supposed to stay in the meadow. That’s the deal. But…it might be best if you keep an eye on the children, Mister Prost. And you, Wiskeria. Don’t ride patrols. Just make sure everything’s lit and keep an eye on everyone. If you see anything moving—tell me.”
“We can do that.”
To my relief, Prost sounds far more stable than Lady Rie. He turns to Wiskeria.
“I’ll head into the village and tell everyone not to stray. We’ve food set out and we can make an early night of it.”
“I’ll tell everyone else. And find some horseshoes and iron weapons.”
They hurry out of the meadow. I look at Lady Rie. She’s breathing hard, but she does seem to have calmed down a bit.
“I’m sorry, Lady Rie. Are you feeling alright?”
“No. But I suppose this is what an [Emperor] does, isn’t it?”
She looks at me, and I half-smile. Lady Rie shakes her head. She turns back towards the nobility sitting and standing around the banquet table.
“We’ve been speaking too long. We are worrying our guests. Emperor Laken, I believe it is time to socialize. I can only hope that you know what you have summoned to this gathering, your majesty.”
“I wish I knew. Durene?”
I reach out and touch her. Durene stares at the fae.
“They’re beautiful. Frightening and beautiful.”
“I know. I can only hear them. But…I know. Do you want to go to the village?”
She pauses. One of her hands finds mine.
