5.12
Page 20
“That is a fair assessment, but flawed in one respect.”
“What’s that?”
“I don’t bother her with your trivial antics.”
The Drake glanced at his partner. Klbkch’s face didn’t change one iota as he drank. Relc grinned.
“Bastard.”
“Not precisely.”
“Glad you made it safe. Glad Erin’s good. Even if she does have a weird inn.”
“Indeed.”
“Magic doors, huh?”
“They appear to be quite useful.”
“Well here’s to that. And surviving another day. Moths are one thing, but Captain Z’s going to work us both to death. Glad you’re with me old buddy. And it’s a good thing the Soldiers are pulling the morning shift too, because I’m not rolling out of bed for dawn patrol!”
“You never do. I agree to your optimism however.”
Relc grinned and lifted his drink. Klbkch raised his hand and the Drake and Antinium gently chinked mugs. They drank, and then Erin came back.
“Sorry! The inn’s a mess, but all the bodies are out and all I need is a few Workers to fix it all up! Plus, I’ve still got my customers! We’re actually doing really well if you ignore all the moths and water outside.”
“Really? You’ve got customers coming in later tonight?”
Somewhat skeptical, Relc eyed Erin. She grinned at him.
“Hey, I know the inn’s a mess, but the Players of Celum said they’re still willing to put on a show and there’s plenty of people willing to stand if it means seeing them! Once the Soldiers finish their meal, I’ll call them through and start making popcorn. You want to see a play?”
The two [Guardsmen] exchanged a glance. Relc frowned. Klbkch clicked his mandibles together.
“What is a ‘play’?”
“You mean you haven’t seen one yet?”
The two shook their heads. Erin’s smile grew wider. Relc and Klbkch looked at each other again.
Some things stayed the same. Other things changed. But there was always something new here.
 
—-
 
The Wandering Inn glowed with light. Not far distant, Liscor was illuminated by light as well. The walls stood as the rain continued to fall. Neither monster attacks nor the rising waters could bring Liscor’s walls down. They were a symbol of comfort, of reassurance to all who knew them. They meant safety, security.
Home.
A group paused at the entrance to the Floodplains on a distant hilltop. The dark waters were still being churned by the rainfall. Those gathered on the hilltop took no notice. A Drake spoke curtly.
“We’ve come too late. The water’s risen. Have the company prepare for aquatic travel and pitch camp tonight. We’ll make for the city at dawn tomorrow. I want us in the city before the underwater monsters arrive.”
“Yes, Commander Grasstongue!”
The Drake nodded her head. She turned to another [Soldier] with markings on his armor that identified him as a magic-capable officer.
“Send word to Liscor’s High Command via [Message] spell. Liscor’s 4th Company has returned home and is prepared to reinforce the city. We will reconnoiter the area and stand ready to secure Liscor against any threats. Monster, Goblin, or Antinium.”
The [Soldier] saluted. The company of Drakes began to make camp, posting a vigilant watch, keeping their weapons dry, ready for battle at any time. They were part of Liscor’s army, a hardened elite known throughout Izril. They were Liscor’s sons and daughters, come to defend their home in Liscor’s hour of need against the threat of the Goblin Lord and the dungeon.
They had marched day and night and had forgone rest in any of the Drake cities they had passed to reach their destination sooner. They were a force to be reckoned with, despite their few numbers.
