5.12
Page 13
“Cleanable! Lyonette, we’re going to need a mop. Or maybe to buy some mops since I think they all got smashed. Can you go into Celum and get some?”
Lyonette opened her mouth. Ceria had to cut in.
“How are you going to fix all this, Erin? How in the world…?”
She waved her hands to take in all the mess. Erin just smiled at her.
“I’ll do it one step at a time, Ceria. It’s a lot, but hey, I’ve handled worse. Remember when my inn exploded? I’ve rebuilt before. And this time I know how to do it right. Speaking of which—hey, you lot how’s it going?”
She turned and waved. The diners at her table jumped as Bird and the Redfang Goblins walked in. They were all wet and as Erin waved at them, they waved back. Well, Bird and two of the Goblins did. Headscratcher and Rabbiteater waved, the other three Hobgoblins just nodded or grunted or in Badarrow’s case, ignored Erin entirely. They moved towards the pile of moth corpses and as Ceria watched, began hauling them towards the doors.
“Everyone good? I’ve got more food if you want it! Just let me know if you need to take a break! Headscratcher, you good? Badarrow? Badarrow? Okay fine, you’re good.”
Erin waved at them. Bird paused and waved back with one of his four arms.
“Look Erin, a baby bird-moth.”
He picked up a tiny Face-Eater Moth that had scuttled out from behind one of the moth corpses he’d lifted. Bird snatched it up and inspected it. The tiny moth shrieked and tried to bite his hand. He lifted it up and crunched it between his mandibles.
“Ew.”
Erin’s optimism wavered as Yvlon made a face and everyone else at the table save for Ksmvr and Ceria had to pause in eating. She pointed at Bird as he ate his snack.
“No eating moths where we can see, Bird. And no eating larvae either.”
“They are not birds. I will not eat them.”
The Antinium Worker nodded happily. He carried the moth out and Erin turned to the others.
“I’ve got the Redfang Goblins dumping the moths outside. We’ve already tossed all the other moths in the water.”
“The water?”
Ceria had to go look and see. She gasped when she saw the flooded landscape. Yvlon whistled softly and Ksmvr groaned. Pisces just shook his head.
“That would be problematic.”
“I heard this is what happens, but it’s another thing to see it in person.”
Yvlon shook her head, amazed at the rising water level. She stared at Liscor in the distance.
“It’ll be a tough trip to Liscor. We might have to swim part of the way—and I don’t want to try that in armor. Are there monsters in the water, do you think?”
“They emerge during the rainy season. Whether or not they will appear during the start of the season is unknown.”
Pisces spoke calmly, his eyes darting to the moth corpses being hurled into the water. The Redfang Goblins seemed cheerful enough, and they were still wearing their ‘Security’ armbands in the bad weather. They’d slept in the basement since their rooms were destroyed and seemed well-rested, as if yesterday’s fighting had been a normal day for them.
“I guess we can find a boat but—”
Ceria was turning to confer with the others when they noticed Ksmvr was shaking. The Antinium stood in the doorway of Erin’s inn, staring at the water and trembling violently. Yvlon looked worried.
“Ksmvr. What’s wrong?”
“The water. So much water. Water.”
The Antinium’s voice was a whisper. Pisces glanced at Ksmvr and his brows rose.
“Ah. The Antinium cannot swim.”
“Oh. Oh. Oh no.”
