5.12
Page 16
“Thank you, Senior Guardsman. I doubt we’ll need the Antinium’s abilities for the most part. The walls held and the damage to the city itself was minimal. But the rains are falling and I want to be sure there are no leaks in the walls! The water’s rising fast and this monster attack came at the wrong moment. Added to that, we’ve received word from Olesm, our new [Strategist]—”
Zevara paused to let the murmurs of surprise die down.
“—that all these moth corpses might be hiding larvae or smaller moths. Wall Lord Ilvriss has recommended to the Council and me that we collect the bodies and burn them with mass mage spell. Or dump them off the walls. Either way, that means we have a fun new activity to keep us busy!”
The [Guardsmen] groaned and began to mutter complaints. Zevara raised her voice.
“Stow it! This is a city-wide issue. If we don’t control the corpses we’ll be swimming in those bastards soon enough. Tell them, Klbkch.”
She nodded to the Antinium. Once again all eyes swung to Klbkch. He nodded and clicked his mandibles together precisely before speaking.
“The assessment of [Strategist] Olesm and Wall Lord Ilvriss is correct. Insectile monsters survive eradication by allowing their young to infest new sites and lay thousands of offspring when they reach maturity. A city that fails to properly account for after-battle cleanup may find itself dealing with a permanent population of such insects in the future.”
The Drakes and Gnolls standing around him blanched. Watch Captain Zevara turned and gave the other guardsmen a weary nod.
“You heard him. Double shifts for all but wounded and we work around the clock until the bodies are gone. We can’t clean the ones up outside the wall though, Klbkch. Will that be a problem?”
“No. The water will eradicate the young, as will the local wildlife.”
“Good. Then here’s what we’ll do. We have [Laborers] and other volunteers working already, but I want [Guardsmen] assisting and patrolling for moths down every street. Be vigilant! Not all the moths might be dead and the last thing I need is for someone to get their tail bitten off. Here’s how we’ll patrol. Klbkch, Relc, you head down Ancestor’s Walk. Circle the city. Guardsmen Tkrn, Euriss, check Market Street. Guardsmen…”
The [Guardsmen] named began forming up in pairs or checking their gear. They were still grumbling, but that was the nature of all guardsmen, universally. Klbkch and Relc heard the others chattering as they walked towards the doors.
“Ancestors, I hate those things. First we kill the damn moths, now we have to carry them?”
“And in the rain of all things? Dead gods! Let’s just toss them off the walls, why bother cremating?”
“You fancy hauling a stinking carcass up all those stairs?”
“At least that way they’ll be eaten. Water’s rising. Soon we’ll have to lock the gates. Tonight, maybe.”
“The fish’ll be coming any day now. Once they swim up from whatever hole in the ground they live in. Or come down from the streams.”
“At least they’ll have plenty to eat. That means we pull in more of a harvest.”
“Yeah, but what they’re eating is bugs. You think of that? That means we’re eating bugs because we eat the fish.”
“They can’t be that bad. I heard that crazy Human girl shouting about selling cooked moths from the walls. Did you see her inn? Completely wrecked! There’s a sea of dead moths floating around the hill!”
“Cooked moths? You’d trust her cooking? She sells acid flies!”
“To be fair, they’re really good if you add honey.”
Klbkch and Relc exchanged a look.
“Interesting. Hey Klb, did you hear how Erin’s inn was?”
