5.12
Page 15
Ceria, Yvlon, and Ksmvr all raised their hands. Erin grinned.
“Wow! Who got what?”
They looked at each other. Ceria opened her mouth and then Octavia kicked the door open, slamming it into Pisces as he approached with a mana stone. She glared at Erin.
“Money!”
Erin turned to look at her. Octavia opened her mouth to shout and took in Erin’s destroyed inn. She stared at the Face-Eater Moths, the broken furniture and glass, and then at Erin. A flash of guilt crossed over the Stitch-Girl’s face.
“Okay, we’ll talk about it later.”
She guiltily went to close the door and saw Pisces glaring at her. He had a bloody nose. Octavia paused.
“I have a healing potion for that. Want one? It’s only…”
She hesitated. Pisces was giving her a death-glare as he pinched his nose to stop the bleeding. Octavia sighed.
“Let me get you a bottle.”
Erin stared at Octavia’s back.
“So she’s got a conscience. Who knew.”
She smiled. Ceria looked at Erin.
“Octavia was talking about how many potions we used. I’d like to repay her, but the cost…you don’t happen to know how to deal with that, do you Erin?”
“…Nope.”
The [Innkeeper] drummed her fingers on the doorframe. Ceria sighed. Erin laughed a bit.
“One thing at a time, Ceria. One thing at a time. Now, tell me. Can you fix the holes in my walls? I really want the rain to stop pouring in. A bit of ice magic would probably keep it out long enough for me to do a patch. Yvlon, do you mind helping the others haul dead moths? If you don’t mind the ick. And Lyonette’s going to mop—once Mrsha has breakfast. Now, once Pisces opens the portal to Liscor…”
 
—-
 
It was evening by the time Senior Guardsman Klbkch found himself checking into Liscor’s City Watch barracks. He signed himself in, noting his irregular hour, and then mustered with the other [Guardsmen] on duty. Watch Captain Zevara was addressing a tired group of Gnolls and Drakes. She nodded to Klbkch as he entered the semi-circle. She looked tired, though she had slept for half the day.
A Drake looked over and grinned as he saw the Antinium. He nudged Klbkch.
“Hey Klb.”
“Relc.”
The Antinium nodded to his partner. Relc grinned as he flexed an arm, looking no worse for wear.
“You missed a heck of a fight up here. Tons of moths came out of the dungeon. Crazy fighting on the walls and explosions and huge monsters!”
“I am aware. The Face-Eater Moths attacked the Hive before the siege of Liscor. We were engaged with the enemy while you fought above. So I was thus in fact participating in the fight, albeit in my respective area.”
“Oh yeah? Well…we got like ten of the huge bastards. What do you think of that?”
“I believe we slew fourteen.”
“What? No way!”
“We presented their heads in Liscor’s central square earlier today. Did you completely miss their presence?”
“Um…no?”
“Attention!”
Both Antinium and Drake instantly stopped talking and the other Gnolls and Drakes stopped their chatter as well. Watch Captain Zevara looked around.
“Senior Guardsman Klbkch, good to see you up and about. Do you have another report on your Hive?”
She and the other [Guardsmen] looked to Klbkch. He paused.
“No further news to report, Watch Captain. The moth attacks have ceased and the Hive continues to repair. Casualties in the Hive were…substantial. However, we held our ground thanks to my subordinate’s efforts. We might have lost three times as many were it not for our fortifications. As it is we stand fully ready to support Liscor in reconstruction if needed.”
