5.12
Page 18
“Ooh, Numbtongue’s singing! I bet he thinks we can’t hear him.”
Erin grinned up at the ceiling. Relc shook his head in amazement.
“What’s with the big room, Erin? I heard you had Goblins—which is totally fine by me!”
He raised his claws hurriedly as Erin turned back to them.
“Totally fine. I’m just here to eat. I’m not gonna cause trouble, okay? Klbkch and I stopped for a drink since we heard your inn got trashed. Looks better than I thought, actually. Right Klb?”
“Indeed. My partner’s wild speculations are quite groundless. Erin, I am pleased that you are well.”
“Hey, I’m glad you’re well too, Klbkch. How were things in the Hive? Are Belgrade, Anand, and Garry…?”
“All unharmed.”
“I’m good too, Erin! I killed tons of moths! Hell, I held the wall pretty much on my own.”
Relc waved a claw excitedly. Erin laughed at him.
“I bet you did. Come on, take a seat and I’ll get you some food. Or rather—Ishkr? Can you get drinks and stew for Relc and Klbkch?”
A Gnoll came out of the kitchen. Relc chortled with glee as he saw the dark beverage in his glass mug.
“Alcohol? That’s good stuff there! When did this happen?”
“A lot’s been going on! Come on, sit. There’s a nice place by the fire.”
Erin sat with the two [Guardsmen]. She smiled broadly at them and Relc grinned back as Klbkch raised his mandibles. For a few seconds they recalled another moment, a long while ago, where they had been in a similar situation. Then the inn had been run-down and old. Now it was filled with Antinium Soldiers and they ate on the floor. But as Erin added a log to the fire and Klbkch and Relc argued over who got the bigger bowl of stew, it felt like not much has changed.
“So Klbkch.”
“Yes, Erin?”
The Antinium looked at her as Erin twiddled her thumbs together. Relc was inhaling his stew and washing every bite down with a gulp of ale, happy as could be. Erin looked somewhat nervously at Klbkch as she spoke.
“My inn’s wrecked. Klbkch, can I pay you to fix it? Bird says the Hive is probably a mess right now, so I can make do for now. But if you could spare a few Workers…”
She trailed off hopefully. Klbkch pondered her request as he ate stew and then nodded.
“The Hive is indeed recovering, but there is a finite number of Workers and Soldiers needed to remove the corpses. The tunnels can barely accommodate a single giant moth as it is. Your request will not impose a strain on the Hive’s resources. I will send a small team up shortly.”
“Oh, really? Wow, I’m so grateful!”
“I appreciate your gratitude. However we will have to charge a fee, and lumber will be an issue.”
“Don’t worry about that! I can get some from Celum and I have coin! Olesm gave me money for tonight and I’ve got acting money coming in! Well, I’ll have more once I get the inn fixed up again.”
“Acting money?”
Relc and Klbkch exchanged a glance. Before they could inquire further, a sorry-looking Stitch-Girl sitting in a corner of the inn far from the fire raised her mug,
“That money had better come to me, Erin!”
Octavia’s eyes were bloodshot and she looked despondent as she drank. Erin coughed. Relc gave Octavia a weird look.
“What’s her problem?”
“Octavia’s sort of upset. We uh, used her potions up during the battle. And I can’t pay her back just yet. I haven’t seen the Silver Swords or Halfseekers yet, and I don’t know if they want to pay her back.”
“Sure, just leave me without any coin for all my hard work!”
Erin winced as Octavia came over to complain. She glared at Erin, Klbkch, and Relc although she kept well back from the fireplace.
