5.12
Page 1
“—thought they didn’t have names. Isn’t he supposed to go crazy?”
“That is a misconception. Aberrations arise in most cases revolving around an Antinium’s name. But Pawn is an Individual, capable of thought and action.”
“That’s new?”
Klbkch nodded. Zevara yawned again.
“Dead gods, the Walled Cities won’t like that.”
She realized she’d said that out loud and her heart leapt in her chest. But Klbkch only nodded.
“I believe they will not. But include in your report that they are few in number at the moment. And we are committed to honoring our agreement with Liscor. The Painted Soldiers are a new unit dedicated to this effort.”
The Watch Captain turned to Klbkch. He knew she was reporting to the other cities? Wait, of course he knew. He wasn’t an idiot. But hearing him address her secret duties out loud was—
“The Painted Soldiers? Is that a formal designation? Some new creation of the Antinium?”
Maybe he was tired enough to reveal something by accident too. Klbkch shook his head.
“It is an informal phrase. The Soldiers are functionally no different from other Soldiers. Their unique appearance is meant to foster trust.”
“Well, it certainly makes them stand out.”
Zevara shook her head, eying the Soldiers. It was very rare to see Antinium in Liscor in any numbers. Normally having them on the walls would be the cause for alarm. At the moment though, Zevara imagined that Liscor’s citizens slept soundly knowing they were there. They certainly allowed her to give her guardsmen a night’s rest.
“I’m grateful, Klbkch. Just tell me one thing—your Soldiers won’t panic because of the rain, will they? Or the heights?”
Klbkch had been nodding off. He jerked upright.
“The water? I do not believe so, Watch Captain. The heights are no obstacle to the Antinium, and the rain is only rain. Once the Floodplains fill to capacity, the Soldiers may experience…uneasiness. Until then, they should be unhindered.”
Uneasiness? What did that mean? Zevara clenched her jaws to avoid yawning again.
“Right then. Well…how much do you trust your man—Antinium—Pawn?”
“Pawn?”
Klbkch hesitated for the first time. Zevara noticed it, although she was too tired to wonder why. He nodded slowly.
“Pawn is…quite capable. He will lead the Painted Soldiers into battle competently, if that is your question.”
“Could he hold the walls?”
“By himself? Against most threats, yes.”
“And he’ll alert you if any danger threatens the city?”
“That is correct.”
“Well then.”
Zevara was swaying on her feet. She looked around, lowered her voice, and then slowly lowered herself below the line of the battlements. Klbkch stared at her.
“I am still on duty. Wake me if something happens or when the other [Guardsmen] start reporting. Until then I’m taking a nap. You’re welcome to do the same.”
She leaned back and felt her head loll against the hard stone almost immediately. Klbkch stared at her. Then he saluted.
“Excellent orders, Watch Captain.”
He sat back down. Within moments both he and Zevara were asleep. The rain fell onwards, covering the landscape. Liscor slumbered. It had won, but no one was celebrating. They were all asleep. The day after the battle was quiet. Liscor’s heroes slept.
This is how they woke.
 
—-
 
Pawn was still awake the day after the battle. He walked the walls, past unmoving Antinium Soldiers standing in the rain. More still patrolled the streets below. Pawn would visit them soon, though his body cried out for rest. But the Painted Soldiers had been fighting nonstop all day yesterday. How could he lie down before them?
