5.12
Page 19
“My stock of potions is gone, and I’m ruined without some kind of reimbursement! Why, the cost of the ingredients alone is—”
“Miss Octavia, may I assume that all the potions lost were used in the defense of Liscor?”
Klbkch calmly interrupted the [Alchemist]. She paused.
“That’s right. And without me charging a single coin, by the way! I did my civic duty—to another city no less! And do I get a word of thanks. Nooo—”
The Antinium nodded.
“We will reimburse you the costs of your lost wares, Miss Octavia.”
“Say what?”
The Stitch-Girl broke off. Klbkch tapped his fingers against the side of the bowl, speaking clearly.
“Give me a full receipt of your lost items tomorrow morning. I will have you sign under truth spell and we will offer you a fair sum close to market value for your lost potions. Liscorian law states that services or items used in the defense of the city must be repaid at appropriate price to their respective owners. You may be able to claim some money yourself, Miss Solstice.”
“Really?”
Erin brightened up. Klbkch nodded.
“Your inn was used as a staging ground for multiple adventuring parties and both Celum and Pallass’s City Watch. You may also be able to charge all three cities for use of your magical doorway in transportation, although the cities may claim fair use of a magical artifact in times of war. I will review the relevant information and inform you of whatever reimbursements I deem fitting.”
“All right! You heard that, Octavia? You get money and I get money! Thanks, Klbkch!”
The [Innkeeper] smiled. Octavia looked stunned. Klbkch nodded towards her.
“Will that be satisfactory, Miss Octavia?”
“What? Um. Yes. Thank you. Thank you! Pleasure doing business with Liscor! And might I add that I hope my potions were of great service to the city? I would be more than happy to provide as many potions as necessary—”
Erin rolled her eyes and pushed Octavia back towards her seat. Relc watched her arguing with the Stitch-Girl and sighed.
“Reimbursements?”
Klbkch nodded.
“Part of Liscorian law. A staple of most Drake cities, in fact. You would be aware of this if you ever took the time to review the laws you enforce.”
“That’s what I’ve got you for, Klbkch old buddy. You do all the boring stuff.”
“That is sadly accurate.”
Relc laughed. The big Drake sat with Klbkch on the floor, drinking lightly. He looked older than Klbkch remembered. But then, they’d been partners for nearly seven years now. Relc looked into the fire.
“Hell of a week, huh, Klb?”
“Indeed, Relc.”
“Glad you made it out of there. When that scrawny Worker guy, Pawn, or whatever, came out of the Hive, I got worried, y’know?”
Klbkch paused with a spoon of stew raised.
“I…was not aware of that.”
“Hey, it’s not like I thought you were dead or anything. But you did die once.”
“That is true.”
The two sat in silence for a second as Erin circulated the room, offering more stew to the Soldiers who raised their bowls silently.
“Seems like this dungeon’s causing lots of trouble, huh?”
“To put it mildly.”
“And there’s an entrance that leads right up to your Hive, huh?”
“A recently discovered breach in our security, yes.”
Relc eyed Klbkch.
“Right, right. Just like how the dungeon suddenly appeared one day. The Antinium had no idea whatsoever. You guys just happened to know exactly where the entrance was.”
The Antinium was unmoved by Relc’s stare. He casually lifted his mug and drank.
“Your skepticism is wounding and hurtful.”
“Tell that to Captain Z.”
“She is aware of much of the Hive’s doings.”
“Yeah, and I bet you tell your Queen everything we’re doing too.”
