5.12
Page 10
“I didn’t. That was all the adventurers. We had [Guardsmen] from Celum, the Goblins, the Horns of Hammerad, the Silver Swords, the Halfseekers—oh! Jelaqua!”
She grabbed his arm.
“Moore and Seborn rushed Jelaqua into the city! Do you know if she’s okay?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t visited the Adventurer’s Guild, but I can check. Where’s everyone now? Did anyone…?”
The Drake was clearly relieved when Erin quickly shook her head.
“No one died. Jelaqua got hurt, and Moore, but we healed him up. The Silver Swords went into Liscor with Drassi after the battle, and the Horns of Hammerad stayed here. They’re sleeping in Octavia’s shop and the Goblins are sleeping in the basement since everywhere else is a mess. Lyonette and Mrsha are in Octavia’s shop too.”
“That’s good. That’s good, but—what about your inn?”
“I’ll fix it.”
Erin raised her eyebrows as Olesm gave her a look of disbelief. She felt more confident after hearing about her friends.
“What? It’s doable! My walls are pretty intact—okay, there’s a hole in one wall and my outhouses are gone, but the only real damage is around the windows. And Bird’s watch tower. If I can get a team of Antinium here…”
“They won’t leave the city, Erin. The Antinium don’t leave their Hive during this season ever. They can’t swim.”
Olesm looked like he hated to be the bearer of bad news. Erin gnawed on her lip.
“Okay. Well…I might be able to hire someone from Celum. Or Pallass. Eh, that takes too much mana. Look, I’ll figure it out. But why are you here? Is something wrong?”
The Drake started guiltily.
“Me? Oh no, no—I just uh, well, I was hoping to get you to—nevermind.”
“What? Come on.”
“It’s uh—well, Pawn and his Soldiers were deployed to the walls and they’re standing guard. I was hoping to treat them to a meal, but…”
He gestured at the flooded landscape, at Erin’s ruined inn, and the dead moths. Erin looked around. Dead moths, inn, waters. It was a sight to bring despair to any [Innkeeper]. Any normal one, at any rate. Erin just raised an eyebrow. Thoughts swirled and coalesced into crazy ideas in her head. She had a good one right now, in fact. She smiled as Olesm stared at her.
“No problem! Do you want the food to go or have them come here on their break?”
 
—-
 
The Horns of Hammerad woke up on the floor of Octavia’s shop almost at the same time. That was because when Ceria opened her eyes she moved her leg and kicked Pisces in the side. He sat up, which pulled the blankets off of Ksmvr. The Antinium jerked and Yvlon, who’d been sleeping under a table, sensed the movement, and banged her head as she tried to get up.
“Ow!”
Everyone in Octavia’s shop woke up, including Octavia herself. The Horns of Hammerad sat up groggily, their bodies aching, their heads still filled with fog. They stared around, remembered what had happened yesterday, and then woke up.
“Tree rot! How long have we been out?”
Ceria leapt to her feet, staring around wildly, and then turned and beamed at Pisces. He blinked at her.
“We made it! We’re alive!”
“That was certainly my inference as well.”
He winced as she jabbed him with an elbow. Yvlon got up, wincing as she rubbed at her back. She was still wearing her armor and covered in moth gore.
“Silver and steel, I’m aching all over! I haven’t slept in my armor since—Ksmvr, Ceria, Pisces, how are you?”
“We are alive. I believe this is the reason for Captain Ceria’s celebration. I am ecstatic to be alive as well.”
Ksmvr sat up as the other sleepers slowly got up. Lyonette stumbled upright as Mrsha sat up and yawned. Octavia pulled herself up from behind the counter.
