5.12
Page 14
Ceria and Yvlon exchanged glances. Ksmvr was shaking as he looked at the water around him. Ceria knew that the Antinium Hive was based underneath Liscor. She wondered if Ksmvr had ever seen so much water before, or if he had stayed in the Hive all his life. She gently pulled him back.
“We can stay in Celum, Ksmvr. You don’t have to go to Liscor. It’s alright.”
The Antinium jerked and turned to Ceria. To her surprise, Ksmvr shook his head violently.
“I cannot abandon my team! I will take a b—boat. I am not weak or insufficient to the challenge! Please, allow me to—”
He fumbled for words. Yvlon laid a hand on his shoulder and he stopped himself.
“Ksmvr, it’s alright. If you can’t swim it’s natural to be afraid. The Antinium must fear the water after the last Antinium Wars…”
“They do. It is terrible. So much of it. We—”
Ksmvr babbled as the Hobgoblins passed by. He stopped as Bird lugged another moth out of the inn and trundled down the hill. The Worker happily tossed the moth into the water right by the edge, ignoring the rain pelting him. He was singing another nonsense song.
“Water, rain, water, rain! Throwing birds in the water in the rain! If I fall I will drown! Water, rain, water, rain!”
He walked back up the hill and past the Horns of Hammerad, singing happily. Ceria stared at him and then at Ksmvr.
“Okay, most Antinium fear water. But it’s okay.”
“I would never disgrace myself—”
“Hey! Look at all that water, huh? That’d make getting the Antinium over here really tough, right?”
Erin cheerfully popped up, making the Horns of Hammerad jump. She smiled at Ksmvr.
“Hey Ksmvr, don’t worry about the water. I’ve got a plan! It involves fixing my inn and all I need is Pisces’ help!”
“You do?”
The [Necromancer] looked startled, and then blinked.
“Ah. Wait a moment. I understand completely.”
“You do? Well of course you do.”
Erin rolled her eyes as Ceria and Yvlon gave her uncomprehending looks. She nodded to Pisces.
“Think you can…?”
He smiled slyly.
“It would be a few minute’s work, provided I can gain access to Liscor and locate a suitable location.”
“What location?”
“For my door, of course!”
Erin grinned at Yvlon’s suspicious look towards Pisces. She pointed towards her inn, at the magical door.
“I have one to Pallass and Celum—and I can connect it to more places too, you know! Pisces, I have a few of those mana stones Typhenous ordered. Can you give it a look?”
“At once.”
Pisces rose, smiling with his self-importance. Erin winked at Ceria.
“Magic doors solve everything. Think I’ll have trouble getting the Antinium to work on my inn? Well, if they don’t have enough wood I’ll get some from Celum. The only trick will be making sure someone isn’t waiting on the other side! I wonder if I can make the door switching from place to place automatic?”
The half-Elf shook her head.
“Erin, you amaze me. That’s a brilliant idea!”
Erin snorted.
“No it’s not. It’s the same idea I’ve always had. I’m just doing the smart thing with it. Anyways, that means you can go to Liscor easily, Ksmvr. No boat, no risk of drowning!”
“Oh.”
The former Prognugator stopped shaking. He looked at Erin and then at the water.
“But I was willing to risk my life for the group.”
“Yeah, but you don’t have to.”
“But I should. I should ride a boat to demonstrate my willingness to—”
Yvlon put a hand on Ksmvr’s shoulder and he stopped. The armored woman smiled at the Antinium.
“Ksmvr?”
“Yes, Comrade Yvlon?”
“Be quiet.”
The Antinium went still. Erin smiled at the Horns of Hammerad and they grinned back. She leaned on her doorframe.
“So, anyone level up last night?”
