5.12
Page 17
“I believe it survived the battle, though it was heavily damaged. She incurred no casualties.”
“Really? Wow. Hey, are you free from your stupid Hive duties tonight?”
“My ‘stupid Hive’ is well-attended in my absence, yes. Although I resent the implication.”
“Yeah, yeah. But do you think we could take a look?”
“I can’t swim. Or are you suggesting you carry me the entire way there?”
“Hah! You wish! I could totally do it, but nah. Guess what I saw on the way here?”
“What?”
“Guess?”
“I refuse.”
“Come on…”
“You will tell me eventually.”
“Nuh uh.”
“Your childlike response only solidifies my certainty.”
“Okay, fine. Guess what I saw?”
“Again, I refuse to guess.”
“Oh, come on…”
The two [Guardsmen] walked out of the doors on patrol. Klbkch and Relc, the Senior Guardsman duo. They were a good pair, if odd. One was a precise, almost perfect example of a [Guardsman] who happened to be Antinium. The other was a war hero who slacked on his job and was tolerated for his ability and little else.
They lifted moth corpses, argued, and worked tirelessly for six hours until they stopped at a door set into a wall. It was plain, inconspicuous, and was definitely not supposed to be there, given that the wall in question was Liscor’s western wall. Klbkch opened the door and stepped through.
“Hello? Miss Erin—”
He raised his voice as he entered a dark inn. Boarded up windows leaked rain into the inn, and the fireplace and [Light] spells illuminated the rest of the inn. Klbkch and Relc blinked as they saw something scuttle across the floor and heard an angry voice.
“Argh! It’s another one! Mrsha, get me a boot! Not that boot, get me my bad boot!”
Erin and Mrsha chased the tiny moth across the floor. Erin raised the boot as the Gnoll handed it to her and threw it. The boot spun through the air and crushed the moth. Erin cheered and looked around. Her eyes widened as she spotted the two [Guardsmen].
“Klbkch! Relc!”
“Hey! I thought this place was totally wrecked!”
Relc walked into the inn, laughing and looking around. Klbkch entered after him and his mandibles opened wide with surprise.
“Ah. This is unexpected.”
Pawn looked up as he, Olesm and the Horns of Hammerad ate at the one good table in the inn. They were the only ones sitting on chairs. But the floor, newly cleaned and washed was covered with bodies. Painted Soldiers sat and ate from bowls filled with stew, and sipped from special tankards designed to be held by their awkward grips. They looked up as Klbkch stared around.
“Hey, did you hear about the special dinner for the Soldiers? Come on in! I don’t have any more tables, but I’ve got plenty of food still!”
Erin ushered Relc and Klbkch into the room, beaming. She took the boot from Mrsha and made a face at the oozing carcass.
“Ew. Mrsha, can you wash this outside? Thanks!”
“Whoa. What’s with the huge room?”
Relc gaped at the giant common room, stunned by what he was seeing. Klbkch stared at the empty stage and wide room. He tilted his head thoughtfully.
“I detect the presence of a Skill.”
“Gee, you think? But what the heck is it?”
“Like it? It’s my [Grand Theatre]! It was filled with dead moths and stuff, but we’ve been working all day and we’ve washed it clean! I also have the second and third floor cleared up! Well, mostly. I think Bird’s tossing moths off the roof right now.”
On cue, Relc and Klbkch heard a muffled thump outside and Bird’s voice.
“One moth goes splat, two moths go splat-splat. Three moths go splat-splat-splat.”
And then another voice which neither [Guardsman] recognized.
“Splat, splat, splat.”
