5.13
Page 27
“Sergeant Relc…that is to say, Senior Guardsman Relc was known as a formidable [Spearmaster]. He earned the class by slaying another [Spearmaster] on the battlefield.”
“And that’s—”
“Yes, Solstice, that’s good.”
Ilvriss sighed.
“With his Skills and speed the Gecko was a terror to [Strategists] and lower-ranked officers. I don’t doubt he’s just as formidable as he was in the past. What was his level, Ocelos, do you know? Thirty three? Hm. A Level 33 [Spearmaster] plus a Level…well, at least a Level 20 [Sergeant] is a formidable combination.”
“But he retired. Why?”
Ocelos didn’t know. Ilvriss tapped a claw on the table.
“Dishonorable discharge, a desire to stop fighting…it could be any reason which is his alone, Solstice. But his daughter clearly resents his retirement. It’s rare for Drakes to retire from military life to begin with and Liscor’s army takes that example to the extreme. She probably wants him to return to his command.”
“And he doesn’t want to go.”
“You have it correct. Does that satisfy your interest?”
“Yeah. I just wonder though, does she love him?”
“Who?”
“Embria? She came all this way for him. Does she love him?”
Ilvriss paused.
“I don’t know. Perhaps—”
He got no further. There was an almighty crack and Erin’s head whipped around as she saw the struggle between father and daughter end at last. Relc pulled his spear towards his body and Embria let go as the table literally snapped between them sending shards of wood flying everywhere. People ducked and Erin covered her face as Relc raised his spear.
“Hah! I win!”
Embria lay on the ground, staring up at him. She got up slowly as Relc lowered his spear. He looked almost ashamed as he offered her a hand.
“Hey kid, no hard feelings, right?”
She stared at his claw and knocked it aside. She stormed away from Relc as Erin rushed over.
“My table! Hey Relc, what was that about?”
“Stuff.”
The Drake sighed and kicked at a broken table leg. He looked around at Erin, at Klbkch, and grinned weakly.
“Sorry. I’ll pay for that. Embria and I were just…you know. It’s difficult. But hey. At least I got my spear, right?”
He tried to laugh. It didn’t work. Erin looked at him, opened her mouth, and decided not to ask. She pointed at his spear instead.
“That’s your spear? The one you kept talking about? Is it magical?”
“Yup. It pierces magic barriers like cheese! Soft cheese.”
Relc twirled his spear. It had a grooved tip and the haft looked thick and made of a dark brown-grey wood. Beside that it looked completely normal to Erin on first glance. She waited for Relc to go on.
“Wait. That’s it?”
He looked offended.
“What do you mean, that’s it? That’s great! I could take on any Gold-rank adventurer with this! I could have given that jerk Gnoll a run for her money and killed that Skinner dude with this! Okay, maybe not killed him—but I could have poked out one of his eyes! Besides, this spear don’t break! Check this out!”
Relc walked over to two more newly-made tables and tossed his spear on top of the gap between them. He leapt up and balanced on the spear’s shaft as both tables bore his weight, grinning at Erin. He hopped up several feet and landed heavily on the spear—both tables jumped, but the spear didn’t so much as bend an inch. Erin stared appreciatively at the spear.
“Cool. Now get off my tables! They’re brand new!”
“Okay, okay. I’m just telling you. It’s a good spear! And Embria brought it all the way here. She’s cool, that kid of mine. I just—”
