5.13
Page 20
“That was six years ago!”
“Yeah. But the tavern owner definitely remembers us. Why don’t we go—”
“No.”
The young Drake woman shook her head, glaring back at her father. Relc shrugged helplessly.
“Come on, kid. I know the owner and she won’t kick us out.”
“She’s a Human. She insulted the army during my speech! And don’t call me ‘kid’!”
“To be fair, it was sort of funn—”
Relc saw Embria’s eyes flash and coughed. He shuffled his feet.
“Look, Erin’s a Human, but she’s cool! Really. And I sort of promised I’d go to this party she’s putting on. Klb’s going to be there…”
“Your Antinium partner?”
Embria hissed the word. Relc shrugged. He had a hard time meeting her eye.
“Well, yeah. We are partners. Sort of how it works. Captain Z gave me the day off and everything…”
“You were going to have a party at her inn? Was I not included in your plans?”
Relc raised his claws defensively.
“Hey, I didn’t know you were going to show up! I totally cancelled when Captain Z told me—look, we don’t have to go. But Erin’s got alcohol. And cake! She said there’d be cake!”
He looked longingly towards the western wall, where a doorway had been set into the side of the wall itself. Embria glared at her father and then relented.
“Fine. What’s cake?”
“Oh, it’s this great thing! You’ll love it, promise!”
Relc brightened. He led the way towards the door, talking excitedly.
“It’s really sweet. Erin’s coming up with all kinds of new stuff all the time. She’s got pasta, blue fruit juice—well, she doesn’t have it right now, hamburgers, pizza…uh, Goblins, tons of cool stuff like popcorn, ice cream—have you heard of ice cream? It’s this thing from Terandria and she knows how to make it—”
Embria halted in the street.
“Did you just say ‘Goblins’? Watch Captain Zevara mentioned there was an inn that had monsters working as part of the staff. That’s the inn you’re talking about? Run by that Human?”
The Drake [Guardsman] groaned. He turned pleadingly to Embria.
“Look, she’s cool! The Goblins are…Goblins, but they don’t do anything. Come on kid, let’s get a drink? On me? I’ll introduce you to Erin—you don’t have to look at the Goblins! Or eat cake! I’ll eat your share!”
It was possible that Embria could give her father a more disappointed look. She turned her back, ready to march away. Desperately, Relc played his last card.
“Did I mention that General Shivertail used to eat there all the time? It was his favorite spot!”
 
—-
 
“Hey! Is that Relc? Welcome to the party! Celebration! Whatever! I thought you weren’t going to make it?”
Erin beamed as Relc came through the door. The Drake grinned weakly at her. Erin grinned back, and then froze as she saw another Drake enter behind him. She had red scales, shiny armor, a spear in one hand, and she was giving Erin a death-glare.
“Whoa. Is that your date?”
Relc choked. The Drake behind him opened her mouth angrily and he stepped in front of her. The big Drake cleared his throat a few times.
“Erin. I’d like you to meet…my uh, daughter. Embria.”
At this particular moment Erin was holding a stack of plates and cutlery. It has no bearing on what followed because Erin did not drop what she was holding, but she was very tempted to. She gaped, put her dishes on a table, and then threw up her hands.
“What?”
“She’s back from the army—”
“What?”
“Look, we just need a table and a drink.”
“What?”
“Did I tell you she’s a [Wing Commander]?”
“Wha—you have a daughter? Since when?”
