5.13
Page 14
Pisces looked suspiciously at Jelaqua. She laughed and it was Falene who answered.
“Tradition is that when adventurers gain their levels as a result of saving a city, clearing a dungeon, or so on, they show off any new Skills or spells during the parade.”
“Or just make a scene. Just fire off a spell and don’t reveal your newest Skill. I’m not showing anyone, Jelaqua. Leave off.”
Seborn got tired of Jelaqua’s encouraging elbow and stamped on her foot. She yelped.
“Agh! I forgot how much that hurts!”
“Wait, we’re supposed to put on a show?”
Revi sighed loudly.
“You’re adventurers. Of course you put on a show! Just do something to impress the crowd. We do it—its how you get people to recognize you! Unless you get your own personal parade. You want to be a famous Named Adventurer? This is one of the things you do! Honestly, newbies!”
She threw up her hands. Typhenous put a hand on her shoulder.
“Steady, Revi. Apologies—she’s just had to field too many enthusiastic adventurers today.”
“Too many admirers?”
Falene gave Revi a teasing look. The [Summoner] just glared.
“Says the big-shots who’ve gone through a parade eight times. We’ve gone five—that’s five total for me. I think Halrac’s at six?”
She looked at Halrac, who shrugged. Both teams looked at the Halfseekers. Jelaqua scratched her head.
“Yeah, funny. We don’t get invited to parades often no matter what we do. I think we’re only two.”
“And the Horns are one. Well, let’s add another to the list. Remember, don’t slip.”
Falene cautioned the others with a teasing smile. She pointed—Ceria could see a Drake jogging towards them and waving at the adventurers in the rain. Her heart began to beat faster.
“Oh boy. I think this is us.”
“Break a leg!”
“Don’t.”
“You deserve this.”
“Enjoy it!”
“Good job, sister.”
Ylawes caught Yvlon as the Horns began to walk forwards. He nodded at her and she smiled. The four adventurers moved to the head of the group of adventurers, conscious of all eyes on them. Then they walked out into the rain.
At first, it felt silly. Ceria felt a drizzle on her head but didn’t see anyone. She walked down the street—they’d been put at the east gate, at the back of where the parade would start—and began marching down the street  with Pisces at her side and Yvlon and Ksmvr following. No one was there, although she could hear fanfare and drums in the distance.
And then she saw the people. They were lined up on the streets, some covered by awnings, others holding parasols or cloaks in hand. Most simply let the rain fall. Drakes and Gnolls and some Humans, scattered at first. Then, suddenly, a mass of them. All at once the faces turned into a sea and Ceria felt her heart beating faster.
There was noise in the air. Cheering, shouts—and a voice calling names out. Ahead of her Ceria could see the last of Celum’s Watch marching. She spotted Relc, waving a hand and shouting at the crowd. The other Gnolls and Drakes were also marching, waving at friends and family, some still bearing wounds. Missing eyes, a broken limb—one Gnoll had to be helped along. His left leg was gone. But the crowd cheered them, their city’s heroes.
They fell silent as the Horns of Hammerad began their march in the parade. Drakes and Gnoll stared at Pisces. They knew him. They stared at Ksmvr, and at Ceria and Yvlon. Pisces was a [Necromancer]. Ksmvr was Antinium. As for Ceria and Yvlon, they had participated in one of the biggest expedition failures in recent memories. Ceria saw some of the Drakes hiss at Pisces and saw his shoulders go up.
“Give them a show.”
