5.13
Page 11
“True! Better not to trip at all, but there’s always a few who fall. It happens and you’ll be laughed at, but the first to fall always gets remembered. Just watch your step—you will be the first to go out.”
The Horns of Hammerad looked uneasily at each other. Yvlon muttered as she adjusted her polished, slightly mismatched enchanted armor.
“I don’t understand why it’s got to be us.”
Pisces shrugged. He was wearing his usual white robes, not having made an effort to dress up. Ksmvr had—he’d donned his magical cape and oiled his body so it shone, and Ceria had messed around with her hair. But Pisces was deliberately casual, as if what was about to happen was just another day for him. Ceria had to admire his guts. And hate them at the same time.
“Politics, I suppose. I am a persona non grata in Liscor, nominally speaking.”
Yvlon frowned.
“A what?”
“Comrade Pisces, please ex—”
“An unwelcome person. That phrase is a remnant of old language, a curious addition to our lexicon which—”
Pisces looked around, sensed his only possible audience was Falene, and gave up.
“Never mind. It’s an expression. Allow me to clarify my statement. What I meant was that since I am unwelcome, the city did not wish to honor me by putting me last in line. However, my contributions to the battle were substantial. I did call the rain.”
“Poorly.”
The older half-Elf smiled as Pisces narrowed his eyes to look at her. He sniffed.
“A spell of necessity that I had never had the chance to practice or cast before? I will accept a poor result if the salvation of Liscor is the price for my inefficiency. In any case, my contributions are recognized, but we are only a Silver-rank team at the moment—”
“So we get to go first. We’re special. I get it. Thanks, Pisces.”
Ceria rolled her eyes. Ksmvr nodded.
“Yes, thank you Pisces for giving us this opportunity. I will endeavor not to slip and embarrass myself.”
“Just relax. This is in honor of us, after all. And you are hardly the only team participating.”
“Exactly! This happens once in five blue moons, so enjoy yourself!”
A loud voice interrupted the conversation. The Horns of Hammerad turned with Falene and Ceria saw a young Drake striding towards them, grinning broadly. She waved at the Horns of Hammerad.
“Hey guys, miss me?”
They stared at her. The Drake spread her arms wide. She had grey-green scales, a scar along the side of her mouth, and a fit body. Ceria was sure she’d never seen this Drake in her life. But Pisces just smiled.
“Ah. Jelaqua.”
“Jelaqua?”
The Horns of Hammerad jumped. Ceria peered at the Drake and realized the greyish scales weren’t just color—but a lack of it! The Drake was dead and her body—she stared into Jelaqua’s eyes and saw that internal intelligence staring back. The Selphid grinned.
“Aw! Pisces got it! I was betting with Seborn that you’d all freak out. Hey Seborn! I owe you ten gold coins!”
“Told you.”
A Drowned Man appeared out of the crowd of adventurers, and Ceria saw several teams respectfully part ways to let Moore walk towards them. The half-Giant had to bend over to walk without disturbing the canvas roof overhead. The Halfseekers smiled as they joined the conversation.
“Jelaqua! It’s great to see you. You got a new body?”
Yvlon clasped forearms with Jelaqua. The Selphid laughed, practically giddy with good spirits.
“Sure did! And just in time too, eh? I got this body and it feels great. I can feel things when I touch them! I love fresh bodies. Hey, Ksmvr, poke me!”
Ksmvr did. Jelaqua laughed.
“It tickles! Ain’t nerve endings great? Hey Falene, where’s your team?”
