5.13
Page 25
“Give it a moment’s thought.”
“I did. And I did last time you came by. The answer’s no.”
A spark of fury entered Embria’s voice. She tried to pull the spear back with both hands, but Relc’s single arm didn’t budge.
“You’re wasting away here! What are you doing, working with the Antinium? With the enemy? Do you know how humiliating it is to know you’re his partner? That you’re the only Drake from the army who—”
“He has a name. Klb. Klbkch. He’s my buddy.”
“He’s a monster. The Antinium are a threat to Liscor!”
“No, they’re not. They saved Liscor.”
“That’s not what High Command believes.”
“Oh yeah?”
For the first time Relc met his daughter’s eyes squarely. He pulled and her arms moved an inch unwillingly towards him.
“You think the Antinium didn’t save us? That we beat the Necromancer by ourselves? I was on the walls. I was there, kid. The High Command’s got it wrong. The Ants—the Antinium saved us.”
“They just did that to trick us.”
“Good trick. They could have let us die when Skinner attacked—or when the moths did. They’ve fought for us ever since then. For ten years. You wanna give them a bit of a break?”
Embria hissed.
“Forget about them. Just come back!”
“No. Give me my spear.”
“It’s not yours. It’s the army’s until I let go.”
Relc’s huge arm gripped the spear tighter.
“Then let go.”
Embria pulled back, setting her stance, gritting her teeth as her tail lashed the chair legs.
“Make me.”
 
—-
 
“What are they doing?”
Erin stared at Relc and Embria as they both held onto the spear. She edged over to the Drakes having fun and ignoring the weird tableau that was the subject of attention and at least five bets in the room.
“Psst. Ilvriss.”
The Wall Lord looked up as he paused in laughing at something Olesm had said. He sighed.
“What is it?”
“Speak to Wall Lord Ilvriss with respect, Human!”
One of the Drakes sitting next to Ilvriss glared at Erin, her tail curled around her chair’s leg. Erin gave her a blank look.
“Sorry, but I’m in a hurry. Besides, Ilvriss isn’t my Lord of the Wall or whatever. He’s cool. I’m cool. We’re on a level.”
The Drakes sitting around Ilvriss inhaled sharply. The angry Drake woman half-rose.
“The nerve of—”
The Wall Lord held up a claw and sighed.
“Enough. What is it you want, Solstice?”
Erin nodded to the father and daughter locked in a silent tug-of-war.
“Relc. And uh, Embria. What’s their deal?”
“Hmm.”
Ilvriss stroked his chin and looked around the table.
“I don’t know that Drake personally—he’s a Senior Guardsman, isn’t he? Shivertail seemed to know him, but I don’t recall. Does anyone here know his history?”
He looked around. One of Ilvriss’ more military-looking followers sat up.
“I do, sir. That’s Relc Grasstongue. Former [Sergeant] in Liscor’s army. The Gecko of Liscor.”
Ilvriss clicked his claws together.
“That’s him! I knew I’d seen him before. And he’s a [Guardsman] in Liscor now? Oddities never cease in this city.”
“The Gecko?”
Erin had heard the name somewhere, but she hadn’t fully connected it to Relc as a title until now. She stared at Relc, confused.
“Is that some kind of fancy title? I’ve never heard Relc call himself that. And he brags a lot.”
She saw some of the Drakes at the table smirking. Ilvriss spoke calmly.
“It’s not exactly a compliment. Are you aware of what geckos are, Solstice?”
“Sort of.”
Erin frowned. In her mind, geckos were small, quick little things that ran away and shed their tails. And sometimes promoted car insurance. She could see why Relc resented the title.
“They run away, right?”
