5.13
Page 28
Relc broke off as Embria stormed back towards him. The red-scaled Drake looked angry, and she ignored Erin completely as she stopped in front of Relc.
“Looks like I can’t bring you back this time. Keep your damn spear, Dad—no one else needs it.”
The Senior Guardsman looked hurt.
“Aw. Embria—”
“Save it. I’m going back to Liscor. I just wanted to say something before I left. Not to you—to the Human here.”
Embria turned towards Erin. Confused, Erin met her sizzling gaze.
“What’s wrong?”
“Half the things in your inn, Human. But those Goblins are the worst. Get rid of them. They’re a threat.”
The Drake nodded towards the Redfang Goblins. The sound in the room stopped as everyone looked up. Erin saw Ilvriss glance at the Goblins, and the Hobs immediately grew tense. She scowled at Embria.
“They’re my security! They work here!”
“They’re monsters. Don’t lie to yourself.”
Embria glanced at the Hobs, not a shred of compassion in her eyes. She looked around the room, speaking loudly.
“You might not be aware of this, but after General Shivertail’s death, all the Walled Cities are increasing their bounties on Goblins fivefold. Liscor’s High Command has agreed with that decision and made it policy to hunt down Goblin tribes we encounter—as have the other Drake cities on Izril!”
Her voice echoed as she turned to face the Redfang Warriors. They sat at their table, the five of them, staring with crimson eyes at the red-scaled Drake. Embria’s voice was impartial, distant, as she continued.
“We eradicated two Goblin tribes on the way here. Small ones, not worth mentioning. The Walled Cities are doing the same and a lot of ordinary Drakes have volunteered for temporary military duty to honor General Shivertail. And we’re not alone.”
She pointed towards the north, where the Floodplains and rains ended and the road led towards Celum and beyond.
“I’m told the Human nobility are mobilizing armies against smaller Goblin tribes. Once that Human with the large army moves, there won’t be a living Goblin north or south of Liscor for a thousand miles. These Goblins might be safe until they cause trouble or until I can convince Liscor’s Council that they’re a threat, but soon enough they’ll have nowhere to go. Their tribe will be wiped out. The Humans are already purging the smaller tribes, just like the Drakes.”
Erin’s heart beat wildly. Rags! Embria kept staring at the Redfang Goblins. They met her gaze, and there was a bit of wild in their looks, a bit of hate. She stared back as Headscratcher’s grip tightened on his mug until it cracked, as Badarrow held back Shorthilt and Rabbiteater. Embria pointed at the five Hobs.
“Run while you can, Goblins. And run fast. Because this time everyone in the world is hunting you.”
Then she turned and stormed out of the inn.
 

