5.13
Page 12
“Talking with the others. I think Dawil and Ylawes are trying to get away from that team, Vuliel Drae.”
Falene pointed and the adventurers saw that Ylawes and Dawil were indeed being mobbed by the female half-Dwarf woman and several other female adventurers. Ceria frowned.
“Vuliel Drae? Oh. The lucky team. I didn’t see them earlier.”
“Huh? Oh, me neither. They showed up with a bunch of wounds after the battle. Apparently they got ambushed by the Face-Eater Moths and had to hide out on their way to the dungeon. Took down a lot of them by themselves by the number of heads they brought in. Anyways, check this out! I’ve got a tail!”
Jelaqua turned around and nearly swept Pisces’ legs from under him. He caught himself and Seborn grabbed Jelaqua warningly.
“Hey. Watch it.”
“Sorry! I’m just really in a good mood!”
The Selphid grinned. Pisces eyed her tail with interest.
“Do you have to compensate for your new body, or is the process fairly automatic?”
“Hah, spoken like a [Necromancer]!”
Jelaqua had to think for a second as Yvlon and Ksmvr greeted Moore. The half-Giant was smiling, looking pleased at Jelaqua’s wellbeing. He’d refused to leave the stricken Selphid in the Adventurer’s Guild until now, Ceria recalled. She turned back to Jelaqua as the Selphid swished her tail and nearly tripped a passing adventurer this time.
“Nah, it really does feel normal after the first hour. It’ll be harder getting back to a body without a tail, you know? Only problem is I might forget about it and get it ripped off. I did that to my last Drake body.”
The Gnolls and Drakes in earshot winced when Jelaqua said that. Ceria saw more than one team staring at their group with interest. The Horns of Hammerad, Halfseekers, and Silver Swords were pretty much the highest-ranked teams in this gathering. Jelaqua seemed used to the attention, though. She shrugged in answer to another of Pisces’ questions.
“Yeah, the tail’s weird, but I like the scales. Sure they get caught on things, but it’s better than hair. That stuff catches and tears my skin—hey, do you have anything to eat? I want to give these taste buds a workout before they start to decay!”
“Not yet. But Erin’s got an after-party planned. She’s going to have cakes. Multiple cakes, according to her.”
“Whoo! Cake! Alright, let’s get this started!”
Falene interrupted Jelaqua as she headed for the tent’s opening into the street.
“Not just yet. We’ll get word once the City Watch finishes their march. And the Horns are going first, Jelaqua.”
“Right, right. Sorry. Forgot. Oops. Hey, don’t slip you guys! Otherwise Seborn and I will laugh at you.”
“Don’t be cruel, Jelaqua.”
A large hand flicked the Selphid on the back of the head. She staggered.
“Aw come on, it’s funny, Moore!”
“Wait, one thing I don’t get. You’ve been looking for a body for ages, Jelaqua. Why’d you suddenly get one now?”
Ceria interrupted the two Gold-rank adventurers. Jelaqua smiled.
“Oh, that? That was thanks to the law, believe it or not! Remember, I was injured defending Liscor. According to the standing agreement with the Adventurer’s Guild, Liscor is required to provide me with a suitable corpse.”
She gestured at her body.
“This is from one of their [Guardsmen]. A junior one, I think. Just got the job. Her parents agreed to give it to me—they got paid a lot I think. Dead gods, I hope I don’t see them in the crowd, but I explained about how Selphids work and I promised them—never mind. Selphid stuff.”
She sighed, losing some of her good cheer.
