5.13
Page 21
Erin’s raised voice made every head in the room turn. Relc winced as he saw three teams of Gold-rank adventurers, Klbkch, Bird, Olesm with all his Drake and Gnoll friends, Krshia, the Horns of Hammerad, Lyonette, Drassi, Ishkr, the Redfang Goblins and Selys and her grandmother look over. Mrsha poked her head up from underneath a table and stared too.
“It’s uh, complicated.”
“Tell me everything! Wait, this is your daughter? Isn’t she the Drake who was leading all those j—oh.”
At last, Erin realized where she’d seen Embria before. She paused and gave the other Drake a very sheepish smile.
“Um. Hi.”
The red-scaled Drake folded her arms. She stared at Erin and then pointedly looked away. Her eyes focused on Klbkch, Bird, and then the Redfang Goblins who were sitting at a table, still wearing their ‘Security’ armbands. Her eyes narrowed.
“We uh, just need a table, Erin. Somewhere quiet? Please? And far from the uh, Goblins? And Klbkch? Embria’s got a thing with them.”
The young woman’s eyes narrowed and she stared at Embria who returned the gaze.
“How bad of a thing? Selys’ grandmother already had a ‘thing’ with the Goblins and—”
“Erin. I really need this. Please?”
Relc looked pleadingly at Erin. She relented.
“I can put you over here. Next to the stage. Far, far away.”
She seated the two at a table ten feet away from everyone else. Relc ordered a drink and Embria ordered the same. They sat in ice-cold silence as Erin bustled away. Relc’s tail swished nervously as he grinned at Embria. She did not return the smile.
“So uh, this is the inn.”
“Those are Hobs. In an inn.”
“Right, right. But Erin’s got tons of other people in it! Drakes! You know that guy’s our [Strategist], right? And check out this room! It’s huge. Erin’s new Skill. Isn’t that—”
“Why are there three Antinium here? I thought you only had one partner. The Slayer. Or has the Watch started letting more Antinium in?”
“No…no. That guy’s uh, Bird. He’s uh…Erin’s employee too…”
“I see.”
Embria’s arms were folded. Relc desperately looked around, waiting for Erin. After a lifetime of one-sided conversation, she came back with two full mugs.
“Here you are!”
“Oh, thanks! Great! Hey Erin, what’s for dinner?”
“Ooh, we’ve got tons of stuff. We’ve got beef rolls, lasagna, pizza—”
“We’ll have the rolls. Both of us.”
Embria cut her father off as he began to brighten. Relc sighed as Erin looked at him.
“Yeah. Sure. Two please. And—”
He hesitated and lowered his voice as Embria stared at him. Relc looked longingly towards the kitchen from which tantalizing smells poured forth.
“Can—can I have a slice of cake?”
Erin’s answering smile was like the sun coming back up for Relc.
“Cake? Sure! I baked lots! In fact, you can have tons of slices! Only—ooh.”
She hesitated. Relc’s heart sank.
“Ooh what?”
“Well…let me bring you a slice.”
Erin hurried into the kitchen and came back with a slice of cake. Relc stared at it with dismay. It wasn’t that the cake looked bad—on the contrary, it was vanilla cake (Erin had yet to figure out where chocolate came from) frosted generously with rich icing. However, and this was the deal breaker, Erin had decorated the cake with miniature faces. Of Goblins.
Relc stared up at Erin with hollow accusation in his eyes as Embria glared at him. Erin could only shrug.
“We had this big parade and everyone was getting appreciated—except the Goblins. So I…y’know…thought it would be nice. Everyone likes it. Except Selys’ grandmother. And it’s really good.”
“Is there any cake without smiling Goblins on it?”
“Nope!”
“Right. Well uh, I’ll have a slice. Embria?”
“No.”
