5.13
Page 23
“She’s part of the army, Erin. They’re the strictest hard-tail group Liscor has and that’s saying a lot. They hate monsters—no surprise—but they also hate the Antinium. They refused to go near the city for four years after we made the treaty with the Antinium after the second Antinium War and they’ve only been back twice since then!”
“Oh. That’s pretty bad, yeah.”
Erin stared at Embria. She still couldn’t believe that was Relc’s daughter. She was Erin’s age! And she looked really good, with her red scales and so on. Erin would have loved to talk with her, but from the way Relc kept wincing every few seconds she doubted Embria was in a good mood.
“So she’s Relc’s daughter. Does she like him?”
Selys shrugged.
“He is her father. But what a dad. I don’t envy her. Just look at her. And her name.”
“What’s wrong with her name? Embria sounds cool?”
“It is…no, it’s more embarrassing. Embria? Seriously Erin, that sounds like a name of some kind of Dragon. She can sort of pull it off with her scales, but I bet she got teased all the time growing up. Only Relc would give her a name like that.”
“Aw. Poor kid.”
Embria turned in her seat and both Selys and Erin ducked back. Erin looked at Selys.
“So we haven’t gotten to talk much…”
“I wonder why not? Could it be the monster attacks and everyone nearly dying?”
“You’re getting good at sarcasm, Selys. But I wanted to talk to you about all kinds of stuff! Not just work—”
“Good, because my grandmother’s here and she’s going to kick your tail for getting me to try and register those Hobgoblins.”
“Your grandmother? Uh—do I have to talk to her? She’s scary.”
“You don’t know the half of it. Hold on—who’s coming through now? Is that…?”
Selys broke off and Erin got up as she spotted a familiar figure entering the inn through the magic door. Wall Lord Ilvriss and twelve of his followers entered, all of them staring around the inn as if it was a dump. Ilvriss caused a commotion though—he headed over to Olesm’s table as all the Drakes sitting there shot to their feet.
Embria also rose and strode over to the Wall Lord. She saluted as Ilvriss turned to her.
“Wall Lord Ilvriss! Sir!”
“Wing Commander Embria, is it?”
Ilvriss looked mildly surprised as he saluted Embria in return. He glanced at Erin as she hurried over.
“Ah. Solstice. A table for thirteen. Next to Olesm’s table. This is a celebration in his honor. Drinks—water for me.”
“Hey Ilvriss! I didn’t think you’d turn up!”
Embria nearly choked on her tongue as Erin grinned at Ilvriss. He glared at her as his adjutants gasped at her effrontery. Undeterred, Erin looked at Embria, confused.
“Are you Embria’s boss? Sorry, Miss Embria’s. I thought you were in different armies or something?”
Stiffly, Embria turned to Erin.
“Drakes share a common command. We respect each other even when we are at odds. Wall Lord Ilvriss is one of the foremost leaders of Salazsar. He deserves at least a modicum of respect.”
“Exactly. A [General] is still a [General] regardless of which city he hails from. He should be accorded respect in war—not that Humans share our beliefs.”
Ilvriss smiled at Embria who returned the smile, and then looked at Erin.
“The table?”
“Oh! Drassi! Ishkr! Table here! We’ll push it over. So you’re here for Olesm’s party?”
“I promised him I would attend and I am a Drake of my word.”
The Wall Lord replied haughtily. He paused lowered his voice.
“And I was told you were serving…cake?”
Erin grinned at him. The Wall Lord sighed.
“I would like enough for all my followers to eat. Assuming you’re willing to sell me what you have left?”
Erin grinned at him wickedly.
