5.13
Page 22
The Drake watched her father accept the big slice of cake. Relc coughed and began eating as Erin brought out beef rolls stuffed to bursting with bacon, breadcrumbs, onion, and a spicy filling. She eyed the hot food, suspicious at how fast it had come out, but began eating. Her brows shot up.
“This is good.”
“Isn’t it? I love eating here. I used to eat here all the time before—well, now I eat here sometimes. Not often! Just—sometimes.”
Relc chattered nervously. Embria looked at him and sighed.
“I don’t mind you eating out…dad.”
“Really?”
“I know you can’t cook.”
“Hey! I mean, uh, you’re right. Can’t cook. Totally dependent on other people. I’d starve if I didn’t eat out.”
“But you could make an effort to eat at other establishments in Liscor! Not—”
Embria jerked her head to indicate Erin, who was laughing and offering Badarrow a slice of cake while the other Goblins tried to fight him for it. Relc hesitated.
“Look, Erin’s inn is special. Really. She only got the Goblins recently. I mean, they’ve been around a while, but there was only this titchy one before. And Erin likes Goblins. Dunno why. I got in trouble when I killed these other Goblins, see…”
“Good to see you’re doing your job, despite what the Human thinks.”
“Aw, come on. Kid…she makes good food. Like, really good. Try this cake! Here!”
Relc offered Embria a forkful of cake. She brushed his hand away, raised her fork, and eyed the sugary offering. There was a small Goblin head smiling at her. Embria speared it through the eye and lifted a bit of cake and frosting to her mouth. Her eyes widened.
“Ancestors, what is…”
“It’s good, right?”
“It is.”
It looked like it pained Embria to admit it. She shook her head as she began eating Relc’s slice of cake, much to his relief and chagrin. But at last she seemed to be relaxing. She nodded to Relc.
“So is this what you’ve been doing recently? Eating at this inn and guarding Liscor?”
“Um…yep. Same as always. What about you?”
“I made [Wing Commander] last year. I wrote you a letter. You never wrote back.”
“Oh. I read it. I just…sorry.”
“At least you remembered my birthday. Thank you for the message.”
“No problem. Hey, what’s the army doing now? Fighting around Zeres? Must be tough. Those guys don’t let up.”
“We manage. I was surprised to hear that Liscor needed help. I thought you’d be able to handle anything that popped up.”
“Well, yeah, but we’ve got a dungeon! And moths! And did I tell you about this Named Adventurer that turned out to be a fake? She was murdering people and guess who helped fight her off?”
“Fight? You mean she got away?”
“Um…”
 
—-
 
“At least it looks like she’s talking to him now. There’s a lot of tension in the air, though. You could cut it with a knife.”
“Gee, you think? You could throw a knife over there and it would stick in the air. Just look at the way her tail is moving! She’s really upset with him.”
“You think she’s mad because of me?”
“No.”
“Really?”
Selys rolled her eyes as she turned to Erin. They were peeking at the talking father and daughter duo from Erin’s kitchen.
“No, I think she’s totally fine with a Human [Innkeeper] who insulted her when she was giving a speech, asked if she was dating her father, and employs both Antinium and Goblins in her inn. That was sarcasm, Erin.”
“Yeah, I got that near the end. But why’s she so uptight?”
The Drake sighed.
