5.14
Page 1
Drassi looked resigned as she grabbed some slices of cake on plates and headed out. She could now serve the Redfang Goblins without freaking out, but she still didn’t like it. Erin busied herself with a kettle and the dried popcorn kernels. She tossed oil in the pot, tossed the kernels in, and held the pot over the fire with mittens, waiting for the first satisfying pop.
“Hey Ishkr, how’re you feeling? Good?”
“Hrr. I could use more sleep. Busy day. Yesterday was busy too.”
Erin felt the first pop in the pot and shook it, keeping the lid pressed down tight. The key was to shake the pot so the kernels wouldn’t burn before the rest popped.
“I know. But hey, we’re making money, right?”
“Lots, yes. And a few of my kindred are here. They wanted to see your play.”
“Oh really? Great! Thanks for spreading the word! Actually, the Players should be here any minute and they’re doing a special play for tonight—”
The popcorn was really exploding now. Ishkr paused in wiping a dish clean and eyed Erin’s pot as she energetically shook it over the fire. She was sweating from the heat, but it was fun making popcorn.
“New play?”
“Yeah it’s—whoops, it’s stopped popping. Hurry!”
Erin dumped the kettle back on the counter and hurriedly poured the fresh popcorn out of the lid and into another bowl. She drizzled melted butter over it, added salt, and scooped out a hand-sized portion with a third bowl. Popcorn required lots of bowls.
“Too bad there’s no yeast. Oh well. Popcorn’s ready!”
“And the [Actors] are here.”
Drassi came back in to take the popcorn and divide it into smaller hand-sized bowls. Erin smiled and hurried out of her kitchen.
“Jasi! Wesle!”
The Players of Celum were already getting ready by the stage. Jasi was dressed up in leather armor and she looked nervous—although it was hard to tell these days. Like Wesle, she had acquired an actor’s mask and had a refined quality to her movements. But her smile was completely genuine as she gently hugged Erin.
“Hello Erin. Good to see you. We’re ready for the play.”
“Great! Oh, did I smudge your makeup?”
“I don’t need any right now. Some blood and soot later on, but it’s refreshing not to be wearing anything. The other [Actors] on the other hand…”
Jasi nodded at Wesle, who was grimacing as one of the stagehands applied paint to his face. Erin whistled.
“They’re going all in, huh?”
“We have been working on it. I’m not sure how the Drakes are going to take the play. Especially with the face paint. But…”
The Drake shrugged. She hadn’t grown up in Liscor, so she often had Human reactions to things, having not experienced her people’s culture. Erin nodded.
“If they complain we’ll see. But I think it’ll be good! Oh! Shorthilt, Badarrow! Done with your meal?”
Two Hobs had appeared behind Erin. Jasi glanced at them a bit nervously, but the Hobs just stood with their arms folded. They were both wearing their ‘Security’ armbands. Shorthilt nodded at Erin. He was the friendlier of the two Goblins, which didn’t mean much. Badarrow just grunted as he eyed the stage.
“Cool. I don’t think there’ll be trouble—just stand there and look good. Or sit! The only thing you’ll have to do is tell me if Relc starts shouting at the stage like last night. Wait—I’ll hear that. You want popcorn?”
They shook their heads. Erin nodded.
“Okay, I’ll let you get ready! Tell me when you’re ready to begin, okay Jasi?”
“Got it.”
