5.14
Page 12
Drakes and Gnolls were descending Liscor via rope ladders and a wooden ramp! They’d made a floating dock and were literally walking off the battlements down into the water, where a small fleet of boats had already been built. Erin saw several Drakes pushing the boats through the water with spears and nets in hand.
“Are they fishing? Gotta be. There must be monsters in the water. Relc said they were coming.”
“You hear that Mrsha? That means no playing by the water, understand?”
Lyonette had joined the group outside. She raised Mrsha to peer out into the water. The Gnoll wriggled and tried to get free, but Lyonette held her, despite the rain soaking both of them. Erin frowned at the skies.
“Yuck! Does it ever stop raining during the spring? Hey Lyonette, at least we don’t have to get water from the stream, huh?”
“That’s one good thing. But I’d be careful about getting near to the water’s edge, Erin. Remember those flat fish? If they’re in the waters…”
“Ooh. Yeah. Not good.”
Erin shuddered and then saw something move in the water in front of her. She frowned.
“What the heck?”
Something tiny poked its head out of the water. Erin stared. The Goblins stared. Numbtongue pointed.
“Fish.”
It was indeed a small fish! It looked like, well, it looked like a porcupine had merged with a mackerel. The little fish had spines sticking out of its body as it looked up at Erin and the other land dwellers.
“Careful. Don’t get too close! It could be poisonous!”
Erin cautioned the others as she slowly reached for her frying pan. All five Goblins stared at the tiny fish. The spiky little thing gave them all the fish-eye, which looked remarkably like a stink eye. It did not look happy.
“I’m gonna see if I can catch it. I bought this net from Krshia. Why don’t I go inside—Lyonette, take Mrsha inside. I’ll sneak up on it and—”
Erin turned her back. The fish stared at her, and then two of the quills on its back rose threateningly. The Redfang Goblins reacted instantly. They dove out of the way and immediately took cover. Too late, they realized they weren’t the target. The tiny fish shot two of the spines on its body. Straight at Erin.
“Ow!”
The young woman shouted in pain as two spines stuck out of her back through her clothes. Lyonette shouted and Mrsha barked in alarm. The Redfang Goblins cursed and before Erin could move Headscratcher and Rabbiteater grabbed her and charged back into the inn with her carried between them. She heard Lyonette and Mrsha yelp and then all of them were back in doors. Badarrow slammed the door shut as two more quills bounced off the side of the inn.
“What was that?”
Erin twisted, feeling a stinging pain in her back. She grabbed for the quills, but Numbtongue caught her hand.
“No. Dangerous.”
“Dangerous?”
Erin stared at him until she realized what he meant. Her eyes widened.
“Oh my god! Is it poison? Acid?”
Mrsha began to howl. The Goblins put Erin belly-first on the table as Lyonette ran to Celum’s door.
“Octavia, get in here quick! Erin’s hurt!”
“What?”
They heard a crash and swearing as Octavia rushed through the door. She halted when she saw Erin’s back.
“What’s that?”
“I don’t know! This little fish shot me! I didn’t know that fish could shoot things? Do I need a healing potion or an antidote?”
Erin waved at Octavia. The [Alchemist], who’d been pale-faced with worry, paused.
“A fish.”
“Yeah! A small one, the size of my hand!”
The Stitch-Girl passed a hand across her face.
