5.14
Page 15
“Um…maybe. I’m so sorry your old one got broken. I’d like to buy you a new one, but they’re expensive and I don’t think Krshia will give me another discount.”
“Oh. That is okay. One bow was enough for a lifetime.”
Bird’s casual words made Erin’s heart hurt. She peered up at him and raised her voice.
“Tell you what, if the Players of Celum pull in enough coin I’ll buy you a new one as soon as I can and take the rest out of your paycheck, okay?”
The Antinium paused.
“I get paid?”
Erin gaped at him.
“Bird! What did you do with all the coins I gave you last week?”
“I…used them as bird bait.”
“What?”
Bird nodded enthusiastically, his mandibles opening and closing in a smile.
“They are shiny. If I put them out, birds fly down to grab them.”
He paused as Erin covered her face.
“That isn’t what they’re for? Oh. Buying things. I got in trouble for losing coins when I was a Worker in the Hive, too. I was punished. Will you punish me?”
“No, Bird. Just don’t let birds swallow—you know what? I’ll just save up money for your bow, okay?”
“That is good.”
Erin nodded. Then she turned and shouted at the Redfang Goblins, who jumped.
“And you! I forgot to give you your pay!”
They stared at her. Headscratcher raised a finger and pointed at his chest. Erin grinned.
“Come on inside!”
 
—-
 
The Redfang Goblins had never had coin to their name. Oh, they’d taken coin off of dead adventurers and so on, but only to give to Garen Redfang. Goblins had no real use for coin, but Garen would sometimes sneak into rural Human towns and trade for things. It was a risk, even for their Chieftain and so the Goblins had treated coins as toys, good for nothing but ammunition in a sling, or distracting adventurers.
But there was something about the silver and one gold coin that Erin pressed into their hands that was special. The coins felt warm, unlike the bloody metal they’d fished out of dead corpses’ pockets. The Goblins stared at the coins and Erin smiled at them.
“I wanted to give it to you a few days ago, but then the moths tried to kill us. Sorry it isn’t much, but you get this much plus the same amount tomorrow! I pay everyone on the weekend, see.”
Erin paused. The Redfang Warriors stared at her, and then at the coins in their palms. She smiled sadly.
“I had another employee once. I never paid him. I’m not making the same mistake this time.”
The Goblins stared at her. Headscratcher brushed at his eyes. The others just looked…Numbtongue hesitated and opened his mouth. The taciturn Goblins hesitated, and then spoke.
“We have never—”
The door slammed open. All five Goblins dove beneath a table, coins scattering. They had weapons in hand—chairs and Shorthilt’s sword as they rose. Erin whirled. It wasn’t the door to her inn. It was the door to Liscor. The Silver Swords stood in the doorway, faces grim. Griffon Hunt was behind them, and sandwiched between the two Gold-rank teams was Vuliel Drae. Erin stared as Falene stepped into the inn. She eyed the Goblins and the coins scattered across the floor, and then looked around.
“Apologies, Miss Erin. Are the Halfseekers present?”
“Them? Oh—they’re still asleep, I think. So are the Horns of Hammerad. They had a late night and—what’s wrong?”
Falene’s lips tightened.
“We have a situation. Rouse the Halfseekers, please. We need them present to hear this. The Horns of Hammerad too, I suppose.”
