5.14
Page 20
“Huge monsters nests, intelligent dungeon dwellers…this just gets better and better. Sure you don’t want to mention a Dragon or two?”
Dawil growled and spat. Erin glared at him and the Dwarf flushed. Halrac leaned forwards and Vuliel Drae leaned back. He’d spoken three times so far, and each time he’d nearly made the adventurers wet themselves.
“This treasure room. Where is it?”
“We can’t tell you that!”
Dasha looked horrified. The part-Dwarf woman looked around.
“It’s our secret! I mean, we made a mistake, but fair’s fair—”
She shut up as Jelaqua leaned over the table. The Selphid was glaring and her being angry was as scary as Halrac.
“I think you’ve forfeited the right to whatever secrets you’ve found. We’ll cut you a deal—you tell us everything and we’ll try to stop Liscor’s citizens from lynching you.”
“Wait, you’re not planning on telling them? You can’t! We live here! They’ll tear us apart!”
Larr and Insill paled dead white. Jelaqua grimly shook her head.
“Oh, they have to know. You think we’re keeping this secret? The first time I get questioned under truth spell I’ll have to talk about this. And the Adventurer’s Guild tests Gold-rank adventurers regularly for corruption.”
“But they’ll kill us!”
Ylawes raised his head. It had been bowed for the last twenty minutes. Now the [Knight] looked grim as he stepped next to Jelaqua.
“If we talk to the Guildmistress of Liscor—and Watch Captain Zevara—we might be able to keep it secret. Make no mistake, you will pay for your mistakes. But it won’t be public knowledge. That’s what we can offer you. If you tell us what you know.”
Faced with that, there was really no choice. Vuliel Drae hesitated, but then Anith spoke.
“It’s off the corridor with the blade trap. Secret door. It’s an illusion you can walk right through.”
The other adventurers paused and looked at Halrac. He made a note.
“Got it.”
There was a sigh. The adventurers exchanged glances. Who would claim that treasure? Would it be a race? Troubled, Ylawes shook his head.
“Let’s settle this later. Now, I think it’s time to discuss what will happen next.”
Erin leaned back in her chair, exhausted. Vuliel Drae had to be just as tired, but they tensed as the team leaders conferred. Erin looked towards her kitchen and realized it was already past lunchtime. She should make people food! Not that anyone looked hungry. She looked around to do a headcount and frowned. Erin’s head swiveled the room. Once. Twice. Then she stood up. She went upstairs. Then she opened the trapdoor to her basement. Then she looked outside.
“Miss something?”
Ceria looked up, exhaustedly, staring blankly in the rain. She’d shot two Quillfish with her [Ice Spike] spell and they were floating belly-up in the water. Erin nodded.
“Have you seen the Redfang Goblins?”
“Them? I saw them take off around the inn a second ago. They were…”
Ceria frowned as she got up to point. She stared at the empty Floodplains behind the inn. Erin stared around. She got a bad feeling in her stomach.
“Where’d they go?”
 
—-
 
This was where they went. The Redfang Goblins swam towards the dungeon entrance, keeping from hill to hill where they could. Fish swam around them; the Goblins kept a wary eye in the water, but they were taking a risk so they moved fast and trusted to luck. They reached the spot near where the rift in the dungeon was located and paused on a hilltop. The Wandering Inn was almost out of sight. The Redfang Warriors looked at each other.
