5.14
Page 0

The door slammed shut. The Wandering Inn fell silent, and every eye turned towards the five Hobgoblins sitting in a corner. They sat still, glancing around, aware that every eye was on them. The room was tense.
It wasn’t as though Embria Grasstongue had been the one anti-Goblin person in the room. Ilvriss hadn’t so much as glanced at the Hobs once and the rest of his escort kept staring at them. Tekshia Shivertail, the old Drake sitting next to Selys, had been giving the Goblins the evil eye all throughout the party. Then there was Relc, the other Drakes, the Silver Swords…
And of those who were on the Hob’s side, well, it might have been only Erin. She stared at the door to her inn, lips pressed tightly together. Then she sensed the mood and looked at the Redfang Warriors.
“Hey, you guys…okay?”
The Hobs looked at her, surprised. They nodded as one. Erin frowned.
“Embria didn’t bother you? I’m sorry about that. She’s kind of a jerk—”
“Hey!”
Relc protested mildly. Erin turned and he paused.
“She’s my kid, you know? Don’t say it, even if it is true!”
“Right, but how about them?”
Erin gestured. The Hobs looked around and then seemed to realize she meant them. Erin looked anxiously at Headscratcher.
“You think Rags is okay? You uh—you’re sure you’re not mad?”
Headscratcher gave the young woman a long, blank look. Then he shrugged. Erin frowned.
“Really?”
The Hobs exchanged glances and poked each other. Eventually Numbtongue, the subject of the most nudges, grudgingly opened his mouth.
“Everyone in the world is hunting. So what? Nothing new.”
He looked around, sour-faced. Erin let out a slow breath.
“Huh. I guess I didn’t think…okay, then.”
She stepped back and clapped her hands together. Everyone looked at her. Erin gave the crowd a smile.
“Sorry about that, everyone! That was Relc’s not-jerk daughter—”
“Hey!”
“—who’s not mean and doesn’t totally miss her dad. I don’t think she’s coming back. Anyone want more cake? Don’t leave just yet and maybe save room for some popcorn—we’ve got a play coming on in half an hour!”
The room filled with murmurs as the Drakes and some of the adventurers present looked up. Most of the people in the inn tonight hadn’t ever heard of a play—they’d just come here for the food.
Other adventuring teams had drifted in, ostensibly to eat food but also to socialize with the Gold-rank teams. Among them was the team of Vuliel Drae, sitting and talking quietly amongst themselves. They looked far more dispirited than the other teams, and Erin wasn’t sure why. She swept into the kitchen as she heard the murmuring.
“A what?”
“What’s a ‘play’?”
“Don’t tell me she’s going to have us play a children’s game.”
“Popcorn? Selys, why didn’t you bring me some of that either?”
“Ow! Stop pinching my cheek, grandma! You’re going to have some tonight!”
“I would have had some weeks ago if I had a granddaughter who cared about me.”
Erin grinned and winced as she heard Selys yelp. She ducked into the kitchen where Ishkr was washing dishes and Drassi was handing the Gnoll another tray of dishes.
“Selys’ grandmother is tough! Hey Drassi, go serve more cake and see if the Goblins want some first. And then get Selys’ grandma a bowl of fresh popcorn, please? I’ll pop it now.”
“Sure.”
