5.14
Page 18
The Stitch-Woman’s wand sizzled with magic. She would have leapt on Insill, but her team caught her before she could complete her attack. Typhenous dragged her backwards with Halrac as Revi’s wand shot a missile past Insill’s ear. The Drake shouted in terror and knocked back his seat. The other members of Vuliel Drae shot up.
“Let go of me!”
Revi was screaming. Vuliel Drae clustered together. Dasha stared towards the door to Liscor and Falene raised her staff.
“No one else move.”
“I should kick your heads in myself!”
Dawil shouted. Ylawes blocked him.
“Calm yourself, Dawil.”
“Bugger calm! You heard them—”
Across the inn, Ceria was breathing hard. She looked at her team.
“Pisces, Ksmvr, hold me back. Yvlon—”
“Don’t ask me to do anything.”
The woman’s voice was strangled with emotion. Ksmvr obediently grabbed Ceria’s arms. Pisces shook his head.
“No thanks. Put an [Ice Spike] spell through their heads if you’re going to do it, Springwalker.”
“I’m about to. Hold me back.”
Ceria’s eyes flashed as her hand frosted over with magic. Pekona gave her an alarmed look. Erin wondered if she should block Ceria—she was more concerned about the Halfseekers, who hadn’t so much as twitched. The way they were staring—
Pisces just walked forwards and faced Ceria. The [Necromancer] was calm as ice.
“They made a terrible mistake. If you can’t forgive it, kill them now. But I would tell you not to.”
“They got hundreds of people killed!”
Ceria’s voice was murderous. Pisces nodded.
“Yes. And as I recall, you eventually forgave one fool who unleashed wrath upon the innocent.”
She hesitated. The fury went out in her eyes.
“That’s not—”
“Silence!”
Typhenous had had enough of Revi’s curses. He let go and pointed his staff at her. Webbing shot from the tip and engulfed Revi. She struggled and cursed, and then went still as the thick spider webs bound her tightly. Typhenous looked around, angry, his face red.
“We aren’t savages. If anyone else wants to take a swing at this group, do it now while I still feel like casting webs and not something stronger.”
He glared around. To Erin’s surprise it was Pisces who raised his voice in dissent.
“I beg to differ, Typhenous. If this will end in bloodshed, it would be preferable to end it now, rather than later. Is anyone for that motion?”
He looked at Revi, Ceria, and Halrac in turn. Dawil stared uneasily at the [Necromancer].
“Are you serious?”
Pisces nodded, but Jelaqua shook her head. The Selphid’s voice was cold as she looked at Pisces.
“If we were going to do it, it’d be before you asked, Pisces. If Revi had gotten them it would be trouble. If we do it now, it’s murder. Which is a pity, but the Halfseekers don’t kill idiots. We’re unpopular enough as it is. Shame Griffon Hunt doesn’t either.”
The Selphid folded her arms. The implication of what she’d said took Erin’s breath away. But Moore and Seborn didn’t say a word against her. Ylawes stepped forwards.
“No one is killing anyone. This is a meeting to discuss what should be done in light of the truth. Nothing more.”
He looked at both Griffon Hunt and the Halfseekers as he said it. Both teams nodded. Reluctantly. Ylawes looked around the rest of the room and sighed. His gaze passed over the Redfang Goblins, who were quietly listening from a corner of the room, past Lyonette who was trying to get Mrsha to come upstairs, past Erin, observing it all quietly. He looked from face to face of each adventurer. This was their scene. Ylawes nodded.
“Let’s sort this out.”
 
—-
 
