5.14
Page 14
Erin stared as a large, black shape circled the water beneath a school of tiny silvery fish. Its shape twisted and she jumped as she saw a tentacle shoot out of the water and nap a fleeing morsel.
“That’s an octopus fish. Literally an octopus’ tentacles on a fish. It’s huge!”
The fish was probably fourteen feet long and it gave Erin a very, very dangerous vibe. She kept a distance as Badarrow trained an arrow on it and Shorthilt muttered and held his sword. The fish circled the hill and then tried to climb it.
“Holy crap, it has legs! Run!”
Erin screamed as the fish propelled itself onto the grass with eleven black tendrils, each as thick as her leg. She rushed Mrsha inside and the Redfang Goblins howled and charged the fish. To Erin’s horror, only Shorthilt had a sword. She waved at them as the fish began grappling with the cursing Goblins.
“What are you doing? Get your swords! Where are your swords?”
Badarrow cursed as he shot the fish in the side. It didn’t make a sound, but from the way it jerked it didn’t like his arrows, or when Shorthilt stabbed deep into its side. The tentacles grabbed Headscratcher as he kicked the fish in its face and lifted him up. The Hob got a good look at a mouth full of teeth as the other Hobs tried to pull him back. Shorthilt cursed and kept cutting and Badarrow reached for another arrow. Erin was rushing outside with frying pan and knives when she heard a voice from overhead.
“[Piercing Shot].”
An arrow shot down from the rooftop. It went straight through the black fish’s head and lodged somewhere in the middle of its body. The fish jerked and then died as Shorthilt followed the arrow up with a stab right through its brain. Its tentacles drooped and Headscratcher fought his way clear of them, cursing, his skin torn by the suckers on the tentacle. Erin looked up.
“Bird?”
The Antinium was sitting on the second floor of her inn. He waved at her cheerfully.
“I got a new Skill. Hello, Miss Erin. Hello, Security Hobs.”
Everyone looked up. Bird had somehow managed to clamber up through the destroyed third floor and found his way onto the roof. There he sat as the rain fell around him, humming and watching the skies, oblivious to the waters surrounding him. It took Erin a few minutes to find her voice.
“Good shot, Bird!”
“Thank you. I just got up here and saw the fish. It is a strange fish. It has long grabby things.”
“Those are tentacles, Bird.”
“They are not as good as wings. Will more fish attack the inn? I will shoot them with my new Skill. It takes a while before I can use it again, but it is a good one.”
“Yeah?”
“Yes! It even works with my old bow.”
Bird waved his bow and Erin saw he was indeed using his old bow, the crude handmade one.
“What happened to your new bow, Bird? Oh—”
Her eyes widened as she recalled. Bird hunched his shoulders and rocked back and forth on the roof.
“It was broken. The moths broke my bow. I am sorry, Miss Erin. I broke the lovely bow you gave me. It was such a nice bow.”
“Oh, Bird—it wasn’t your fault.”
“Really?”
He perked up. Erin nodded. The Redfang Goblins were busy kicking the dead blackfish and sniffing it, probably for edibility. Erin debated climbing up to hug Bird, but decided she’d just slip off the roof and break her neck. She called up at the Worker.
“You need a new bow, Bird! And a new tower! The Antinium should be sending a group to repair the inn today!”
“That is good! Will I get a new bow, too?”
Bird looked hopeful. Erin hesitated and kicked at a tuft of grass.
