5.14
Page 16
She gestured, and the other teams walked through from Liscor. The Silver Swords took a position near the doors, and Griffon Hunt a table. The five members of Vuliel Drae sat at a table across from them. Their faces were pale. Erin saw Insill, the Drake, shaking. None of the adventurers talked.
She hesitated, and then ran up the stairs.
 
—-
 
The Redfang Warriors had no idea what was happening. Neither did Erin, but she knew a bit more and explained it to them as the Halfseekers came down the stairs with the Horns of Hammerad, looking confused and sleepy.
“Okay, you see that team there? The five of them? They’re a Silver-rank team. Vuliel…Drae. Or something. They’re sort of big shots in Liscor. They’re not as good as a Gold-rank team, or the Horns of Hammerad, but they’re famous, you know?”
She looked at the Hobs. Rabbiteater gave her a bewildered shake of the head for the others.
“You don’t know. Right. Well, Vuliel Drae they went into the dungeon and uh, got this fancy mace thing. They’re the only team who’s come out with treasure, and it was a powerful magical artifact.”
The Redfang Goblins stirred. Jelaqua was talking quietly with Ylawes and Halrac and glancing at Vuliel Drae as Ceria hovered next to her. Numbtongue exchanged a sharp glance with the others and spoke carefully to Erin.
“Magic artifact? They found?”
“What? Yeah, in the dungeon. I heard it was Gold-rank gear. But why are they here? Could it be because of last night? No—that look. Could it be…?”
The silence in the inn was clearly getting to Vuliel Drae. Each one of the group was looking around nervously, even Anith, their leader. The other adventurers watched them silently, except for the Horns of Hammerad. Pisces was staring at Ylawes’ lips moving while Yvlon and Ksmvr just waited for Ceria to tell them what was happening. As it happened, Insill’s nerve broke first.
“It’s all my fault! I shouldn’t have suggested we go down that corridor!”
“Insill—”
The other members of his team groaned as everyone looked at the Drake [Rogue]. Anith shook his head.
“Wait until we have a chance to speak—”
“Screw that!”
Dasha slammed her fist on the table angrily.
“We didn’t know what would happen, alright? If we had known—”
“But we should have said something earlier.”
That came from Pekona. Her head was bowed. The other adventurers just watched her. Dawil had his arms folded and a look of anger on his face that Erin had never seen before. Halrac’s gaze was flat and emotionless, but Erin could sense anger coming off him. Jelaqua cursed and stomped over to Seborn and Moore, who bent their heads to whisper to her.
“Look, would someone just say what’s happening? The Silver Swords seem to know, but none of us do!”
Revi burst out angrily as she glared around the room. Ylawes and Halrac looked up from their discussion. It was the [Knight] who nodded and stepped forwards.
“Apologies, Miss Revi. We were discussing it, but we think it’s better that everyone know. Briefly, let me explain. I was approached last night by Insill after the play…he came to me secretly about a crime his team had committed.”
Dasha growled and Larr sat up. The Gnoll glared at the Drake who shrunk in his seat.
“You spineless worm. We said we’d agree to talk about it!”
“I thought he—I couldn’t keep it to myself—”
Insill fell silent as Ylawes held up a hand. The [Knight] took a deep breath and went on.
“He didn’t want to give me details, but this morning he returned. With his party leader, Anith.”
Every eye turned to the Jackal who nodded quietly. Ylawes sighed.
