5.15
Page 2
“Possibly less than a week. I intend to move some of my forces ahead of the rest. I’ll take some of the horse and a few [Mages]. But the main army waits.”
“Why? To keep levying more forces? Is the Goblin Lord that dangerous?”
Tyrion paused.
“He slew the Tidebreaker in combat. Isn’t that enough for caution?”
“For caution, yes. But this seems excessive.”
It did. But Zel Shivertail’s death had given Tyrion a useful excuse. No one had expected Zel to fall in battle. Tyrion hadn’t, for all he’d hoped Zel Shivertail would lose the battle and be forced to defend Invrisil instead. His death was an unexpected boon.
“I have my reasons, Yitton. As you’ll hear shortly. I’m aware the nobility is chafing at the delay. But I will lead the army in the best way I deem fit.”
“Which doesn’t include informing those under your command of your thoughts?”
“At the moment. There are too many factors I must consider.”
Yitton’s eyebrows rose.
“Such as?”
“Rain.”
Lord Tyrion looked up. The rain didn’t fall into his eyes; it flowed away from an invisible barrier a few centimeters away from his skin. Yitton looked up, shading his eyes.
“Rain. Hardly ideal for marching, but you’d have this army wait for weather?”
“I await a single, precise moment, Yitton. Give it time. The Goblin Lord is doing damage, but he’s on the move.”
“Marching towards that so-called ‘Great Chieftain’ in the mountain. I can’t believe he was living under our noses this entire time. If they combine forces…silver and steel, Veltras, tell me you’re not going to let that happen!”
“We’ll move out, Yitton. Trust me.”
“I do. But you have to understand that I have questions.”
It was a dramatic statement, coming from a Byres. They were normally staunch supporters of the Reinharts, who had strong ties to their family. But Yitton had placed his trust in the better commander. Tyrion intended to honor that trust.
“I’m afraid your questions will have to wait. This strategy meeting will be resolved shortly, to no one’s satisfaction, I suspect. But I do have one piece of information that might make us move out faster.”
“Oh?”
“Apparently there’s a new province just southwest of Invrisil.”
“A new [Lord]?”
“An [Emperor].”
“What?”
“The reports are confirmed. An [Emperor] has appeared and he has a rather unusual holding.”
Yitton had to shake his head as he avoided a large puddle of water.
“[Emperors] and Goblin Lords. What next?”
Tyrion smiled. The report he’d received had been intriguing. Possibly helpful. So Magnolia thought she could use him as an ally?
“More to consider, Yitton.”
“But not act on? The Goblin Lord is growing in strength. His forces were down to sixty thousand by most estimates. He’ll replenish his numbers heading north. And if he takes the mountain—”
“Patience, Lord Yitton.”
“An odd word to hear from you.”
“Perhaps.”
Lord Tyrion paused in front of the pavilion. He looked up again. The rain was still falling. It fell over his camp, where countless Humans awaited his order. But he held his ground. He waited, as the continent of Izril and the world waited and wondered why. Soon the rains would stop. And then, or perhaps before then, Tyrion would make his move. He just had to wait. For the right moment.
At least Liscor was hot on everyone’s lips, distracting them from pressing him too hard. The events in the city had truly been newsworthy. Lord Tyrion was keeping a careful eye on the developments there. But he could have had no idea what was going on in the dungeon that very moment.
 
—-
 
