5.15
Page 12
Raskghar and Human. Both leaned out from around the corner as all the Redfang Warriors stared. Both heads, practically on top of each other. If they had been alive the Raskghar would have had to be lying on the Human.
If they had been alive. But neither face blinked. Badarrow drew an arrow to his string and hesitated. The heads were waiting. Just staring.
“Here.”
Numbtongue’s voice didn’t quite shake. He pressed a hand to a section of wall and it vanished. He strode down the corridor. A long corridor with an open doorway to the left. A secret passageway.
With no way out. The Redfang Goblins hesitated, but there was no other option. They backed into the passageway. It could hold two of them abreast. Better, perhaps. They could hold off an enemy, let Badarrow shoot while they held whatever it was off. But on the other hand…
It was almost an afterthought to see the treasure room. Almost. Numbtongue stared at the pedestal in the center of the room, through a doorway without a door. Pedestals, in fact.
Three of them. One held a bundle of white cloth tied up with golden string. The second, a bell made of bronze and blue metal, half and half. The third? A necklace, a stone darker than obsidian with something carved on it, held on a long chain of glowing silver metal. All three objects made Numbtongue’s breath catch in his throat. He didn’t enter the room, though. He wasn’t an idiot.
The room was trapped. Trapped and deadly, according to the masked woman Vuliel Drae had met. And it must have been some trap to keep adventurers from going for the treasure. Rabbiteater could sense the danger too—he was grabbing at Numbtongue’s arm and shaking his head vehemently. The five Goblins all peeked at the treasure as Shorthilt and Headscratcher stood in front of Badarrow, facing the corridor.
It was coming. They had to make a plan. Fight, obviously. But grab the items first? The Goblins had no idea what the trap was, but they did have a solution. Rabbiteater pointed towards the objects. He could run in and grab one, throw it out and then try the others. It was a maneuver that would mostly likely kill him. But that was what the Goblins had agreed they would try.
A Goblin’s life for an artifact. Any Goblin would call it a good trade. They had had other plans they could execute. Trying to grab the artifacts with a rope, knocking them off the pedestals with an arrow—using a monster or Raskghar to get it. But they had no time.
And they didn’t know how far the trap extended. The five hobs glanced at each other. Rabbiteater’s face was set. It was Badarrow who grunted and shook his head.
Don’t risk it. He pointed towards the end of the corridor. It was coming. Rabbiteater hesitated. He raised his hand and tapped his head. The others looked at him. Rabbiteater made a sound. It was a small scream.
His [Dangersense] was telling them—the Hobs looked at each other. Numbtongue bit the inside of his cheek, drawing blood. He looked around.
Narrow corridor. Treasure room. No way out except the way they’d come. That thing was already waiting there. It had heads. It was—
An uttered oath. Headscratcher had seen a head poke around. Not the ones from earlier. This one was Drake. Female. Staring. It peered at him and Badarrow loosed an arrow. The head vanished. The arrow broke.
