5.15
Page 14
Move! Raise his bow! Loose an arrow at it! But he couldn’t. He was paralyzed. Forced to stare. The thing rotated a head towards him. Badarrow saw a blank, staring Drake’s face, her eyes wide, unmoving. Was that how it saw?
Then he saw the sack. It was bloody, stained. The thing pushed it slowly over with one hand as it intruded in the corridor. It crept closer, shuffling on its…knees? The gaping sockets peered at the five Goblins.
A claw rose. Badarrow saw the thing stuff the heads it carried into the bag. It crept closer. The Hob struggled. Move a finger! Open his mouth to shout! Something.
Anything. He couldn’t do a thing. Badarrow could see Headscratcher and Shorthilt lying in front of him. Rabbiteater and Numbtongue were next to him. Their chests rose and fell but the Hobs were still. And the thing was creeping closer. It reached down and Badarrow saw it touch Headscratcher’s neck. It traced a line down his neck as beads of sweat ran down Headscratcher’s face.
Slowly. Lovingly. The thing had no talons. Just brute fingers. It bent and Badarrow saw into one of the gaping sockets. It went back too far into the thing’s head. Ruined flesh. And in the depths, something bright and dark. It swiveled to look at him. The thing turned.
It lifted Shorthilt up, a hand on the Hob’s chest, another around his neck. The thing squeezed gently and Badarrow saw the Hob’s eyes widen. Shorthilt’s entire body gave the weakest of twitches. Nothing more.
The fingers of the hollow-eyed thing began to close. They constricted slowly around Shorthilt’s neck, squeezing. Tighter. Tighter. The Hob was trying to move. Badarrow could see Headscratcher’s chest rising and falling faster. He tried to move—
“Nn.”
A voice. The thing turned. It stopped squeezing Shorthilt’s neck, dropped the Hob. It turned to look past Badarrow.
At Numbtongue. It crept forwards, over Headscratcher’s body, past Shorthilt. Badarrow heard the Hobs’ bodies creaking as the thing shuffled over them. It brushed him aside and lifted Numbtongue up. The Hob made another sound.
“Nn.”
It was all he could do. Slumped now, Badarrow saw the Hob staring defiantly into the thing’s sockets. It held him, fingers pressing slowly into his neck. Numbtongue’s face darkened. His flesh deformed. His eyes bulged. And moved.
Something happened. Badarrow saw the thing pause. It stared past Numbtongue. At…what? At something beyond him. In the treasure room. Slowly it dropped Numbtongue. Badarrow struggled to move, to see! He saw the thing shuffle past the Hob. Into the treasure room! It hesitated as it squeezed itself in. And then it passed the threshold—
There was a sound like a sigh. Suddenly Badarrow sat up. He heard a cry, saw Rabbiteater leap to his feet. The Redfang Warriors scrambled up and Badarrow lurched towards the doorway—
And froze. The thing was standing on the doorway, two six-fingers hands pressed up against a shining barrier of light. It was trapped in the treasure room! And whatever effect it had had on the Goblins had ended when the magic trap activated. Now it was pressed up against the barrier. And it was holding something in one hand.
A helmet. A steel helmet. A closed visor. If you looked at it right you could almost imagine it was a…head. Badarrow stared at Numbtongue. The Hob was gasping, coughing as he backed away from the room. The thing inside, the collector of heads, stared at the Redfang Warriors. Just stared.
