5.16 S
Page 18
The [Mage] choked on his words and Selys saw his eyes glistening. A few of the Drakes behind him looked moved—some did not. That was worst of all, seeing the impatience on some faces, the greed.
How dare they? Selys felt a bit of anger, the first real emotion in her chest since seeing her uncle’s death. Slowly, the [Mage] collected himself and went on.
“‘I have but one request that I hope you will honor. Bury me with my—’”
He paused. This time some of the Drakes made audible sounds of impatience.
“What?”
“I’m sorry. The will states: ‘I hope you will honor…bury me with my…’”
Now all the Drakes were staring at him. The [Mage] read and reread the line in silence and his face went pale. He looked around. Zel’s father stared at him.
“Read it.”
Slowly, the Drake read the rest of the message. There was a perfect moment of shock after he’d finished. Selys’ heart skipped a beat. But that was nothing to the uproar on the other end of the scrying orb.
“He said what?”
“Does he mean—”
“That can’t be right! That has to be a mistake! He doesn’t—”
“Unacceptable.”
Zel’s father stared hard at the [Mage], who was shaking. He snatched the will and read it himself, then looked away.
“That is what the will says. It is a request, not a condition. It doesn’t have to be fulfilled.”
The [Mage] hurried to assure everyone. Selys stared at him. He had to know. Or to guess by everyone’s reactions what Zel’s final request meant. The rest of the Shivertails were outraged.
“Well, it may be a request, but it’s in poor taste to add to his will!”
“It’s his will, aunt! Where else should he put it?”
“We can’t honor it. There is no way. The scandal it would cause.”
“You’d think he wouldn’t cause trouble in his death. But no!”
“Be quiet!”
“Why should I? When we have a, a turnscale—”
“Silence!”
Selys saw the elder Drake whirl, heard a dull thump, and saw another young Drake stagger. The older Drake was furious. He raised his hand and the young male Drake retreated.
“Speak such slander at my son’s funeral—over his body again and I will cut you down. Any of you!”
He whirled, his angry eyes looking through the scrying orb at Tekshia, Zevara, and Selys. Zel’s father looked around, and his voice was iron.
“This will is sealed. No one is to breathe a word of it, understand me? My son’s possessions will be divided up according to his wishes—this line was never written.”
No one said a word. Zel’s father stared at the blank casket.
“We will remember him as what he was. A hero. Nothing less.”
There wasn’t anything Selys could say. Zel’s line burned in her mind. So. Tekshia had told her the truth. She didn’t know what to think. After a while, the [Mage] went on.
“‘To my father, I leave what lands I have been granted, as well as a portion of my estates.’”
There was a mutter from Zel’s sister. The other Drakes seemed to sigh. Selys relaxed slightly. The will was taking place. No doubt these rich Drakes wanted to see what they’d get. Zel had already made them rich, but who would get the rest? He was a [General] and one of the wealthiest Drakes in all of Izril. This is what most had come here for, hoping for a small bit of his legacy.
“‘The division of my monetary wealth held in the respective cities I have placed my earnings with is to be as follows. To my father, I give…’”
