5.16 S
Page 12
She pointed at Olesm. Erin frowned.
“Olesm? But he’s nice! He never gets greedy. At all.”
Selys smirked.
“Oh really? Olesm’s not nearly as bad as most. But he does it too. He doesn’t share his food, have you noticed?”
Erin opened her mouth to object, and then closed it. Selys could see her running through all the times when Olesm had been eating here. Slowly, she got up and walked over to his table. Olesm looked up and smiled at her.
“Hey Erin, thanks for the meal! This burger and fries thing is really good for when I’m in a hurry.”
She smiled at him.
“No problem, Olesm! Hey, I’m a bit hungry. Mind if I have a fry?”
She reached for a fry. Olesm gently covered his plate.
“Sorry Erin, but I’ve got to eat and run. Captain Zevara wants me on duty and uh, they’re my fries.”
“I know, but it’s just one, right? Let me have a bite from your plate, come on.”
“Ah…”
The Drake hunched over his plate as Erin edged around him. Erin looked perplexed.
“Just one? I made them.”
“No, come on, Erin…”
Selys and Lyonette watched Erin try to sneak around Olesm and him gently protest while shielding his plate. He was as sociable as ever, but no matter how Erin tried she couldn’t get him to part with a fry and Olesm was gobbling them faster and faster. Eventually she gave up and returned to Lyonette and Selys.
“Okay, I think I get it. But Olesm wasn’t so bad! And it was really funny.”
Selys just looked at her friend.
“Erin, you tried for five minutes. Did you get a French fry? Even one?”
Erin opened her mouth. Then she stood up.
“Hey Olesm! Give me a fry!”
“No!”
Olesm practically shoved the rest of his food into his mouth. He ran out of the inn as Erin tried to get the food. Selys watched Erin try to tackle the Drake and sighed.
“And that’s Olesm. There’s a reason why Drakes have wills and it’s to stop blood feuds over inheritance.”
Lyonette looked at her sympathetically and Mrsha raised her head. Selys sighed.
“Do you think it’ll be important, you being there?”
“No. I’m just a distant relative. But Drake laws says that we should be present or at least told, so…”
Selys shook her head. She got up as Erin tried to pin Olesm to the ground to steal one of his French fries. He punched her and then apologized. Erin rubbed her cheek and decked him.
All in all, it was a fitting start to the day. And it was still raining.
 
—-
 
Somehow, for some reason, Selys still had to work at her desk for the morning. Tekshia Shivertail had given her the rest of the day off, but Selys had to cover the first shift. It made her angry. So what if the guild was busy? Her uncle’s body was coming today! Why couldn’t her grandmother give her a day off? Just one?
It was a miserable day, filled with wet adventurers complaining about monsters and petty problems. There was something about the smell of wet Gnoll that Selys couldn’t ignore, no matter how long she stood at the desk. If there was one mercy, and it was a small one, it was that no one mentioned her uncle to her. They complained to her face, loudly, like any other [Receptionist].
No one had ever really connected Selys’ name to the great General Shivertail, the Tidebreaker, hero of the Drakes. It wasn’t as if she’d gone around telling people her last name, anyways. Selys lived in Liscor, far from the city where Zel Shivertail had first risen to fame defending against the onslaught of the Antinium. And Tekshia Shivertail was a known figure, a former adventurer who’d retired and run the Adventurer’s Guild for over three decades now.
