5.16 S
Page 11
The next day, Selys was eating breakfast at Erin’s inn, a rare occasion. She had the morning off and Selys really didn’t feel like eating in her small apartment or having a meal with her Drake and Gnoll friends. So she’d come to Erin’s.
In retrospect it was just as bad as hanging out with her friends and eating alone. Erin was helpful, solicitous and she made an amazing omelette, but she didn’t understand Drake culture and Selys had to explain it to her.
Maybe that was better, though. Talking to someone helped. There was also Mrsha to consider. The Gnoll was lying on Selys’ lap, her head being stroked gently by Lyonette. Her eyes were still puffy from crying, but not red—Gnolls didn’t have whites so the difference was harder to spot. But sadness? Sadness was easy.
Selys shifted and offered Mrsha a bite of her cheesy omelette. The Gnoll just curled up, though Selys could hear her belly rumbling. Lyonette shook her head and Selys guiltily ate another bite.
“Of course we have wills, Erin. What do you think we are, savages?”
“Hey, I don’t know what—you don’t have lawyers, well you do, but they aren’t called—look, I thought it was new—although we probably had them in the Middle Ages, so…”
Erin grumbled to herself. Selys waited until she started making sense.
“So you have wills. Got it. And that’s really important in Drake society?”
“Everyone over the age of thirty has one, Erin. Everyone with anything to give away has one. I don’t have one, but that’s because I barely have more than a few gold coins saved up. I should probably make one.”
“Wow. That’s so dark.”
“Dark?”
“Yeah? Why are you thinking about all that? Is it important to Drakes?”
“Of course it is! Erin, how have you lived near Drakes and Gnolls for so long without understanding this?”
Erin looked bewildered. She glanced at Lyonette who was nodding.
“Okay. Someone explain this to me. Why do wills matter so much?”
Selys smiled ruefully. Trust Erin not to get it. She was so observant—and yet, she didn’t like to believe the bad in people either.
“Erin, we’re possessive. Haven’t you noticed?”
Erin blinked.
“Well, yeah. Sometimes I hear about Drakes being greedy and fighting over stuff. But that’s normal, right? Humans do it too.”
“Not like Drakes.”
“Sort of like Drakes.”
“Erin—whatever Humans do, however greedy you get, I don’t think you understand how bad Drakes can be. Remember how I said we have wars between cities all the time? And how we’re descended from Dragons?”
“Okay, so you’re greedy. But is it really…?”
Lyonette was nodding. Erin glanced at her. The young woman cleared her throat.
“Someone once said that if the world was destroyed and there was only dust left, Drakes would fight over who had the most dust.”
“Yeah, that sounds about right. Erin, you’ve only really hung around Relc, me, Drassi, and Olesm, haven’t you? And there’s not much to fight over in your inn. Sorry, but there isn’t.”
“‘S cool. I know I don’t have much. Wait, so what do you fight over?”
“Things that are ours. That’s why it’s not bad in your inn. But let’s say I was living in an apartment with my grandmother. Which I used to. We’d fight over pillows, cups, chairs—and since it was all Grandma’s to start with, she’d kick my tail if I tried to keep it!”
Selys’ own tail lashed angrily at the memories. Erin winced.
“Okay, you fight over stuff. But I mean, that happens…”
“I think we need an example.”
Lyonette leaned over to Selys. The Drake nodded. She and Lyonette barely knew each other, but the Erin education team was a group effort. She cast around and saw a Drake eating breakfast by himself.
“There.”
