5.16 S
Page 10
“I want you to make sure his creation is doing its job. Watch it work for an hour. Or two.”
“An hour—”
“Tomorrow, I think.”
“But that’s—”
“Watch him. That’s an order, Selys.”
Tekshia didn’t give her granddaughter a chance to shout, scream, or throw a fit. She had a Skill she employed in moments like this—[Implacable Order]. When she said something would happen, it would happen and Selys could only obey or try to refuse, not argue about it. For a moment Selys considered refusing. Then a minute. Tekshia looked over Selys’ notes, grunting at the mention of the Face Collector as Selys fought internally. At last, she heard her granddaughter sigh.
“I hate you.”
“Thank you, my dear. What’s this about a monster that collects heads? Face Collector? Why not call it Head Collector instead?”
“It doesn’t sound as good? I didn’t come up with the name.”
“Pah. First this Skinner creation, now this. It makes me wonder what insane group built the dungeon. This fixation with flesh and body parts…it speaks to a disturbing trend. See if you can find any mention of an older Drake nation that focused on necromancy and the like. Or have that [Strategist] do it. I’ll write him a note. Or you can ask this [Necromancer] you like so much.”
“I don’t like him, grandma. He’s an arrogant snob. Although…”
Selys smiled wickedly as she remembered something that would get under Tekshia’s scales.
“…he is a good kisser.”
The elderly Drake looked up sharply. Selys looked innocent. Tekshia breathed out slowly, and then her mood changed. She glanced out her window at the rain pelting the streets below and shook her head.
“Tomorrow at midday will be the time when Zel’s body arrives. Selys, I want you to come, but only if you’re willing.”
Selys froze. She’d nearly been able to forget about that for a moment. She looked at Tekshia and gulped.
“Come? For what? To see…”
“Only if you want to. But I meant after that.”
There was a painfully kind look in her grandmother’s eyes.  She got up slowly, her bones creaking, and walked towards the window.
“His…condition will be a matter for Watch Captain Zevara and I. You don’t have to see that.”
“I want to see.”
“Very well.”
Tekshia’s shoulders were stiff. She paused and went on.
“What I meant was afterwards. Wall Lord Ilvriss has agreed to lend us his scrying orb, so we’ll be in touch with the rest of the family.”
“The rest of—oh.”
There were only two Shivertails living in Liscor. There had once been four—Selys’ father and her mother, who had married into the family. They’d settled in Liscor, but there was a large extended family that Selys had never met. There had been nothing particularly special about them until Zel Shivertail had made their name famous. Now they were considered lesser nobility in some respects, Selys understood. She had never so much as exchanged a [Message] or letter with one of them. And she knew her grandmother didn’t speak to her relatives that much either.
“What will they—what do they want?”
“Aside from seeing him? Legal matters. They’ve moved quickly. Too quickly, the greedy idiots. Couldn’t they have waited…? You’ll need to be present while it’s read to us by the [Mage] they hired.”
“Read what?”
Tekshia looked at Selys, irritated until she saw the honest confusion.
“His will. It’s a matter of deep interest to your relatives.”
Selys closed her eyes. The dull nausea flooded her chest again.
“Of course it is.”
 
—-
 
“A will? I didn’t know you had those.”
