5.16 S
Page 4
She nodded at the others. The adventures listened as she read a description out and the Redfang Goblins confirmed it. Selys saw two of the members of Vuliel Drae look at each other in horror. It was a grim meeting, for all the Goblins had emerged from the dungeon with treasure.
Treasure! Selys would have been shocked at the latest developments, but today she couldn’t find the energy. She was…occupied. So much so that the continuing discussion was just wearying to her, rather than important.
“Raskghar ambushes, some kind of guardian monster with a paralysis effect—and an excessively punitive magical trap. Think this dungeon’s anything but a vengeance dungeon, Jelaqua?”
Seborn looked up as he sat on a table, cleaning one of his daggers. Jelaqua sighed.
“It’s got treasure, Seborn.”
“I know. But we might be in over our heads.”
Falene cleared her throat politely.
“Let’s focus on what we know before we worry about the dangers. These Goblins acquired the treasures Vuliel Drae noticed—”
“Right! Which means they should belong to us!”
The short Dwarf woman burst out angrily. Everyone turned to stare at her. Anith, the Jackal Beastkin, covered his face.
“Dasha, please don’t embarrass us.”
“What, don’t we get a cut?”
Ylawes looked at his team members.
“That is a fair point.”
“Right. How about we give money to the idiots who didn’t tell us they caused the attack on Liscor?”
Revi looked like she could spit iron. Typhenous sighed.
“Revi, please let it go for the moment.”
“No! Honest adventurers come clean about their mistakes! What do you think would happen if we lied about a disaster like that?”
Ylawes glared at her.
“That doesn’t mean they don’t have rights to compensation for information, Miss Revi.”
“Up yours, Byres!”
The adventurers broke out into loud arguments punctuated by angry flashes of magic crackling through the air. Halrac breathed out slowly, irritation written all over his face.
“Hey.”
Selys felt a tug at her arm. She turned and saw Erin gesturing towards her kitchen. Grateful for a reprieve, Selys followed her friend into the kitchen as the argument got louder. Selys sighed in relief.
“Thanks Erin, I could use a break.”
Erin looked at her Drake friend.
“You alright, Selys? You were spacing out.”
“Spacing…out?”
Selys frowned. Erin corrected herself.
“Going like this.”
She gave Selys a vacant, unfocused look. Her Drake friend looked dismayed. Erin grinned.
“It wasn’t that obvious. But you seem distracted. Something wrong?”
“Oh. It’s…well, it’s a bit of bad news, Erin. Sorry, I know I should be invested. This is my job, after all. But it’s just that—well—”
The [Receptionist] grappled with how to tell Erin. The [Innkeeper] waited patiently, occupying herself by finding a keg she’d stored in one corner of her kitchen.
“Look, it’s—”
“Hey Erin! Revi’s about to pick a fight! Can you do something—oh.”
A Drake edged into the kitchen, looking nervous. It was Olesm. The [Strategist] saw Selys and Erin and broke off. Selys bit her lip and her tail twitched in agitation. Erin sighed.
“Darn it! And I was just about to bring out my secret weapon. Hey Drassi! Help me lift this!”
Another Drake hurried into the kitchen. She waved at Selys and Selys waved back. Drassi was one of her good friends, but the [Barmaid] was on her shift so she headed back out of the kitchen at once with Erin to calm the fight with a stiff drink for everyone. It worked on Revi because, according to Erin, she was nicer drunk than she was sober.
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to interrupt.”
