5.16 S
Page 0

“Uncle?”
The Drake was dozing, or just daydreaming absentmindedly. He looked up, startled, and then smiled.
“Selys! I was wondering when I’d see my favorite niece.”
“Your favorite one? What about all the others ones you have?”
Selys Shivertail smiled a bit as she walked over to the table, passing by a white Gnoll cub lying on the floor and snoozing. She sat at the table and eyed the cup and pitcher the Drake was drinking from.
“Drinking alone? Or am I interrupting?”
He chuckled and pulled a chair out.
“Hardly. But don’t drink from the pitcher—it’ll knock you off your tail. I’m always glad for company—I was just sitting and reminiscing.”
“Sounds good to me. And yeah, Erin makes weird drinks. You should have seen this blue fruit drink she used to make.”
Selys sat at the table. It was quiet in the inn, the only sound being the low buzz of Mrsha’s snores. Zel Shivertail looked at Selys with a smile. She smiled, a bit awkwardly.
“It’s been a long time, Uncle Zel. When was the last time you visited? Four years ago?”
“Could be. I’d visit more, but you know how it is. Duties and so on.”
“You mean, fighting a war between the Trisstral Alliance and Salazsar?”
“Ah. You heard about that?”
Selys rolled her eyes and her tail curled slightly in mock annoyance.
“Uncle, you picked a fight with a Walled City! Of course everyone was talking about it!”
“It was more of a trade dispute. Salazsar was trying to enforce its claim over its gemstone monopoly and I was asked so…I won the dispute, as you may recall.”
“And then the Goblin Lord showed up and you followed him here. You stay pretty busy, don’t you?”
“If I said I came here to visit you and your aunt, would that win me any points?”
The young Drake woman laughed. Zel grinned as he eyed her from head to tail. She hadn’t changed much. Selys was a young Drake in her prime, just past twenty years of age. She didn’t look much different from other city Drakes her age.
She was dressed stylishly despite the winter chill—contrasting colors was in—and she was a hard worker, stubborn at times, opinionated at others. But a far cry from Zel who was older, a [General] who still wore his armor in the inn out of sheer habit. But they were family, however distant.
“Favorite niece. I thought you were just humoring me whenever you visited when I was young, but Tekshia told me you’d like me to say hi.”
The younger Drake looked thoughtfully at her Uncle. He shrugged, a bit awkwardly.
“Don’t tell anyone I said that or it’ll cause some kind of incident. But I do mean it. Of all the Drakes claiming to be related to me, you’re the only one who doesn’t treat me like a hero or a symbol.”
Selys frowned.
“Really? There’s got to be one…”
Zel smiled.
“That would be you.”
“Huh.”
The two Drakes sat at the table for a little bit in silence. It wasn’t a bad silence; for all they were part strangers, they had known each other too long to be uncomfortable with each other.
“That’s not good. If I’m your favorite niece, how’s the rest of the family? You see me once every year at most.”
The Drake [General] grimaced and turned his face. Selys still saw it. He replied casually as he could.
“Intimacy leads to strife. At least, among the Drakes. There’s not a single older member of my family who I’ve had a half-decent conversation with. Well, except for a few distant relatives. Your Aunt Tekshia is one of them I’m glad to say.”
“That’s good.”
“Indeed.”
“…Did you see her? She said she’d talked to you.”
Zel nodded. He traced a pattern on the grain of the table’s surface with one claw.
