5.16 S
Page 15
Zevara was just staring. Tekshia’s claws clenched. She stared at Zel’s closed eyes. He almost looked like he was smiling. It was just half a smile. Regret? Relief? Selys couldn’t tell. Her heart hurt.
Drakes were talking. She heard two female voices a she stared at her uncle. If she ignored the missing part of his head, he almost looked—
“Watch Captain, I want every Walled City to form a strike force. I don’t care what the Humans do. Drakes must answer this ourselves.”
“Guildmistress Tekshia, I’m sure they’ll listen, but that armor—”
“The armor?”
Selys blinked and looked away from Zel. For the second time she looked at the armor and finally took it in. Her eyes widened. Tekshia frowned at the metal.
“Zel never had an artifact so powerful. And this is no common breastplate. What in the name of Izril is—”
She breathed in sharply and backed up. Zevara and Selys looked at her. Tekshia’s voice was a whisper.
“That scheming Human woman had it. This is it! The Heartflame Breastplate!”
Both Drakes gaped at her. Zevara stared at the fiery metal, her eyes round.
“That can’t be! It was lost centuries ago! You’re telling me the Reinharts had it? And she gave it to General Shivertail? Why didn’t she take it back?”
“I don’t know. But it must be. Look at the metal. It’s unscratched! She gave this relic to him. And still—”
Tekshia’s voice broke.
“She left it with him. Why? To honor him?”
“To apologize, maybe.”
Selys’ voice was soft. Both Drake women looked at her. Zevara shook her head, her wonder broken by the reality of the moment.
“If she did—I’m sorry Miss Shivertails, but this has to be reported. An artifact like this—it was General Shivertail’s, but I don’t know what will happen to it after his death.”
“Nothing simpler. It will go to his heirs. His home city, perhaps. Or maybe he left it to a Walled City? Another [General]?”
Tekshia’s voice turned bitter. She flicked her claws at the armor, staring again at Zel’s face.
“It doesn’t matter. It is a pretty gesture. That’s all, Watch Captain.”
They stood in silence again. Selys didn’t know how long. She just stared at Zel’s body. Part of her wished she could imagine him getting up. But she couldn’t. He was dead. And the reality of that was smell and sight and…what was she supposed to do?
Zevara was the first to speak.
“I’ll have someone remove the—the armor before the funeral.”
She sounded guilty, as if ashamed to say it. Selys and Tekshia nodded absently. Taking armor and the possessions of the dead was standard practice. Few people were buried with their artifacts, and those that were, tended to construct entire dungeons to protect their treasures. Grave robbers would loot any corpse for the smallest of treasures and this armor would see every graveyard in Liscor dug up within the week. Selys knew that, but she hated imagining someone touching Zel’s body.
“I…suppose we should attend the next matter. We’ve taken a while as it is. Guildmistress Tekshia, Miss Selys. With your permission I’d like to activate the scrying orb and…let General Shivertail’s family observe.”
“What? Oh.”
Selys started, remembering what Tekshia had said. Her grandmother nodded.
“We might as well. Activate your orb, Watch Captain. And may the Ancestors give them the decency to speak well of Zel.”
That was a curious thing to say. Zevara paused before she lifted the palm-sized scrying orb. Selys didn’t see what she did or said—she was too busy staring. Again. It felt wrong to look at her uncle. She wanted to cover the casket, as if he was naked. She shouldn’t have looked at him. She shouldn’t have been here.
