5.16 S
Page 2
Selys’ forehead wrinkled. It reminded Zel of her growing up, making the same expression when she was vexed.
“Don’t you get a break? You’re a hero of two Antinium Wars! Don’t you wish you could tell everyone to leave you alone for a while?”
Zel paused. He’d taken a sip of the drink in his cup and the inn pressed down on him for a moment. He lowered the cup and sat quietly for a moment.
“Sometimes, Selys. Sometimes. But whatever I want doesn’t matter. I have to be the shield of the Drakes—I am that symbol, for however much I’m ignored politically. Drakes are a curious people. We fight, we squabble and tear each other down, but we sacrifice for each other too.”
She looked at him, ready to be angry. But that anger drained away as she looked at her uncle’s face. Zel shrugged self-consciously.
“Sorry about the philosophy. I suppose I’m just nostalgic. Miss Erin served me what she calls her ‘faerie flower drink’ and it’s quite something.”
“Oh, that? Don’t drink that!”
Selys reached over and pushed the cup away from Zel. She rolled her eyes.
“Honestly! I told Erin that’s not a drink you give—are you okay, Uncle?”
“Never better. And I’m quite alright, Selys. Don’t worry about it—it was an interesting experience.”
Zel sat up in his chair as Selys regarded the pitcher with a disgusted look. He smiled.
“Enough about me. I’m sure you’ve heard all the stories—most of them untrue, I’ll wager. What about you, Selys? Tell me about your job. Are you still working in the Adventurer’s Guild?”
“Yes. And there’s nothing interesting about it, Uncle. It’s just a job.”
“Tekshia tells me you work hard.”
“Hah! She never says that to my face! Look, I get paid and then I have fun. It’s nothing, Uncle. I’m not a child anymore.”
“So you’ve given up on being a dashing adventurer?”
Selys’ scales reddened, standing out on her green complexion.
“That was when I was twelve Uncle!”
“I still remember you practicing with a sword and begging me to teach you how to claw fight.”
“Ancestors, please don’t bring that up!”
The young Drake woman covered her face in embarrassment. Zel laughed and relented.
“Very well. Your job is satisfyingly boring, then?”
Selys nodded in relief.
“The most excitement I have is coming here. Did you know I met Erin the first week she arrived here? She walked into the Adventurer’s Guild.”
“Really? Tell me about that.”
“If you insist. Okay, I was working at the desk when she just walked in and asked if this place was a smithy! She didn’t read the sign or anything. Which, if you know Erin is typical of her…”
Selys scooted her chair closer to the table. Zel smiled as he abandoned his drink and his quiet mood. He let Selys talk about meeting Erin, her job, her attempts at dating, the fights she’d had with her grandmother, and then they ate dinner together. They were more friends than uncle and niece and when Selys said goodbye, it was fondly, with a kiss on the cheek.
“Next time you can visit me. Just not when I’m at work, okay, Uncle? If you walk into the Adventurer’s Guild, every Drake and Gnoll will want to shake your claw or kiss your feet or something.”
“I’ll remember that.”
Zel smiled as Selys bade him goodbye. Three days later, he left for the north. Selys heard of his alliance with Magnolia Reinhart two days after that. She never talked to him again. But sometimes she remembered what her grandmother had told her. And she wondered—
 
—-
 
“Selys?”
