5.16 S
Page 5
Olesm looked somewhat awkward. He and Selys weren’t friends except through Erin. She shrugged. Selys had a bad feeling in her chest, like a cold lump.
“Forget about it. I was just telling Erin about what’s happening tomorrow. You know, right?”
“Tomorrow? Oh—”
Olesm paused. He looked at Selys.
“You know about that? I got a classified report, but how do you know?”
She glared at him. For a [Strategist], Olesm was an idiot.
“What’s my last name, scales-for-brains?”
“Um. Oh—I’m so—”
The Drake turned red and stammered. Selys shook her head.
“Forget about it. I guess it’s just as well that I had to come here—on my day off—to deal with this. It’s not like my week can get any worse.”
“I’m sorry about that. It’s my day off, too. But this is a matter for the city and you are the best [Receptionist] in the Adventurer’s Guild.”
“How wonderful for me.”
Selys’ mood was dark and she really just wanted Olesm to follow Erin out so she could have a minute to herself. The last thing she wanted was to talk. Unfortunately, Olesm’s sense of tact was horrible.
“I know this is a bad time, but uh, did you get a chance to bring up my proposal? The paperwork’s all done, but I haven’t gotten back a reply from the Adventurer’s Guild. I sent two follow-up requests via Street Runner—”
She couldn’t deal with this right now. Selys flared at Olesm.
“I’m working on it, Olesm! It’s not my call to make! You can recommend your idea as much as you want, but since it involves an adventurer and monsters, my grandmother has to sign off on it. And you know she’s not going to.”
“But the proposal—”
“Take it up with her, Olesm!”
Selys stalked out of the kitchen, her tail lashing so hard it nearly smacked into Lyonette. The [Barmaid] stopped as she held Mrsha.
“Sorry.”
“It’s nothing. I was just taking Mrsha out of the line of fire if there’s another fight. Mrsha, here’s Selys! Say hi!”
The Gnoll blinked at Selys. She’d been running about excitedly ever since the adventurers had come back smelling of blood and adrenaline. Now she was tired out. She waved at Selys and the Drake found the energy to smile at her.
“Hi Mrsha. Are you sleepy?”
“I think she’ll have a nap upstairs. Excuse us.”
Lyonette hurried off as Selys reappeared back in the room. Everyone was drinking, and the flames of anger had reduced to dim embers, so to speak. Selys noticed Pisces hovering next to the three artifacts that had been collected. A bundle of cloth, a bell, and a necklace. No one had dared to unwrap the artifacts, but he was having a go at trying to discern what they did.
“Okay, okay. Let’s agree that the artifacts are the Goblin’s. I guess. Dead gods, that’s insane to say! But what if we paid for them?”
“Up to them.”
“Oh, come on! You can’t be—”
“That’s the law, Revi.”
“They’re Goblins.”
Jelaqua stirred as Revi dragged her fingers through her hair.
“Excuse me, but our team had a Goblin in it. Not a good example, I know. But the Halfseekers have had this argument before. What applies to Goblins gets tossed at Selphids and Drowned Men more than you’d think.”
The Stitch-Woman colored.
“I didn’t mean your team! This is different!”
“What is different? Species? Gender? If you make an exception for those you call monster, how soon until that label applies to us?”
Moore raised his head as he spoke slowly. No one had a reply to that. Revi looked like she wanted to stitch her mouth closed in embarrassment. Selys was wondering whether she should ask what was happening to Vuliel Drae when the door to Liscor swung open.
“Watch Captain!”
