5.16 S
Page 3
The Drake jerked and sat up. Selys Shivertail looked around as memory was upstaged by reality. She saw Erin looking at her, and realized half the adventurers in the room were looking at her. Guiltily, Selys sat up.
“Sorry, what’d I miss?”
“We were getting to the monster—or thing these Goblins found in the dungeon.”
Typhenous stroked his beard as he stood with his team around the table. Selys, sitting at another table Erin had pulled closer, glanced at the five Goblins sitting in the center of an audience of people. Five adventuring teams filled the inn—the Silver Swords, the Halfseekers, Griffon Hunt, the Horns of Hammerad, and the team of Vuliel Drae. Added to them was Olesm and Selys, both of whom had been summoned at the news of what had transpired in the dungeon—between the Goblins and Vuliel Drae.
It was a headache and Selys was already wondering how her grandmother would take the news. Probably by telling Vuliel Drae to go right back in the dungeon and get eaten. She glanced at Olesm, wondering how the [Strategist] was taking the news. Then she realized the Goblins were talking.
Well, sort of talking. Between the five of them they’d said very little. Their ‘speaker’, the Goblin that Erin said was named Numbtongue was reticent, and the others preferred to gesture with their hands and bodies. They’d plotted a course through the dungeon, pausing to answer questions from the adventures of what they’d seen. It was the mundane descriptions and pausing to ask ‘what does that mean?’ that had made Selys trail off.
Now however, the adventurers were focused listening to the description of Face Collector, the monster that the Goblins had met. The name was what Erin had dubbed him and it bothered Selys that his description was so close to Skinner’s. It bothered the other adventurers too.
“Tell us again what you saw. And one of you answer in words. I’m sick of sign language.”
Revi glared at the other Goblins. They glanced at each other and four of them poked Numbtongue. He glared, but answered.
“Head. Sticking out from around corner. Watching us. Like this.”
Headscratcher got up and hurried over to the inn’s door. He opened it, stared at the rain pounding down, and then hurried into the kitchen instead. All of the adventurers stared as Headscratcher’s head poked out, wide and staring. Selys grimaced as she imagined that staring at her down a dark tunnel.
Erin shuddered.
“That’s creepy! You said there was a head staring at you? Just like that?”
All four Goblins nodded. Halrac looked at Jelaqua.
“Ring a bell?”
The Selphid shook her head.
“Nothing. And I’ve seen freaks in Baleros who collect all kinds of things. But that’s [Soldiers] and [Bounty Hunters]. Not a monster. Ylawes, you run into something like this?”
“Not us. And that paralysis effect—”
“What did the heads look like?”
Yvlon interrupted the Gold-rank adventurers. She stared hard at Numbtongue. He hesitated.
“Bald. Man. Older. Beard.”
He looked at the others and they nodded. Yvlon turned to Selys. The blond woman was grim.
“Does that match any of the descriptions of the missing adventurers?”
All eyes turned to Selys. She hesitated as she flipped through her notes. Adventurers came and went, but she had a few written descriptions of some of the adventuring teams who’d gone into the dungeon and never come back.
“Uh—bald? Human? It could be one of two adventurers that went missing in the dungeon. Oh wait—one of those is female. Probably this guy, then.”
