5.17 S
Page 12
Selys turned away. She heard a sigh. Pisces looked at her back, but didn’t pursue the topic. She felt…well, not angry. Not really. She’d gone over her parent’s deaths too many times to flare up at Pisces. After a while, Selys couldn’t help it. She looked over her shoulder at Pisces, who was busy reading a spellbook he’d pulled out of his bag of holding.
“You should have given it armor.”
“Excuse me?”
He looked up. Selys gestured around the sewers.
“Some of the rats and monsters you see here get big. They’ll smash this thing with their bodies if it provokes them, no matter how many claws and spines you give it.”
“Really?”
“You ever seen a three hundred pound rat body slam someone? They’ll crush your little bone horror. You should have given it armor. And a ranged attack.”
Pisces closed his book.
“That’s not exactly possible with most undead, Miss Selys.”
She snorted.
“Yeah, not with skeletons. But what about Crypt Lords? Skeleton archers? Ancestors, you’d probably have done better than your bone horror if you just animated three skeletons and given them bows and swords!”
That stung his pride.
“My Bone Horror was customized to fight in narrow spaces!”
“By a [Necromancer] who’s never ventured into the sewers in his life! What happens if it runs into a slime?”
“Well—I ah, suppose it would destroy the slime’s core.”
“Not if it’s engulfed entirely. Did you give it a way to deal with armored rats?”
“Armored rats?”
“They get weird. You could have made your bone horror better.”
He flushed.
“And I suppose you have a better idea?”
Selys did, actually.
“Yeah. Armor. And a projectile weapon. Let it shoot bone spikes. There are some undead that do that, aren’t there? That way, it might survive an encounter with some of the nastier things down here. And make a bigger Bone Horror too. Something that can hunt down the huge monsters. That way you can have the little one flush out the tiny monsters while the big one patrols the sewers.”
She pointed down the sewers. The main water tunnel branched off down the intersections, but there were walkways on both sides of the canal where something could patrol. Selys looked back at Pisces and saw him staring at her. She smirked at him.
“If you’re going to create an undead monster, Pisces, do it right. Can you make more?”
The [Necromancer] had to fumble to reply.
“Um. Yes. I can. I lack the bones, but assuming my creation secures enough corpses…I can create another later tonight if that is acceptable. A variant like you described—I haven’t tried—bone spikes, you said? Which undead uses…?”
“Ever heard of a Spiked Stalker?”
“I—well, I’ve heard the name, but I’ve never encountered one…how do you know about them?”
Selys rolled her eyes mockingly.
“I’m a [Receptionist] for the Adventurer’s Guild. I have to memorize monster weaknesses and variants. You’re the [Necromancer] here. What’s your excuse?”
She saw him blink at her, and then, surprisingly, grin.
“My apologies, Selys. I will be sure to brush up on my knowledge of the undead. Am I to take it that you’re approving my creation of more undead to patrol the sewers?”
Selys wavered. Tekshia hadn’t given her permission. But Tekshia wasn’t watching a bit of poo float down the sewers. She nodded firmly.
“Yeah. Do that. Four should be enough if they’re working around the clock.”
“I’ll draw up new plans. And speaking of work—I believe my creation has already cleared out a nest. Would you like to inspect it?”
She was feeling a little better. Selys sighed.
“Might as well. Lead the way.”
