5.17 S
Page 10
He stared at her with a mixture of disdain and condescension. Selys felt her blood boil. He thought she was going to run away screaming? She’d heard from the other [Receptionists] that they were terrified of him. Selys glared at Pisces. She stared at his Bone Horror and raised her foot. Then she kicked it into the water with a splash.
Pisces gaped at her. Selys glared at him.
“What? Don’t tell me it’s too fragile to take a kick?”
“No, but—that—”
Selys folded her arms.
“I’m not afraid of the undead. I just don’t like them. Is it going to get to work or do I have to kick you into the water after it?”
It was cathartic to see the [Necromancer]’s jaw drop. Pisces raised a finger, and then turned and pointed. Selys saw the water shift, and a dark shape moved out of sight. She waited, and then saw  the undead thing clamber out of the water and lope down the elevated walkways.
“Good.”
Pisces watched it go, and then eyed Selys. He almost looked impressed. Selys got the impression that no one had ever kicked his creations before. She just glared at him.
“What?”
“Er, nothing.”
“Good to hear. How long until that thing gets to work?”
“It should already be hunting down rat nests, ah, Selys. It will locate them, climb into their dens and eradicate them. If it senses a blockage it will excavate the offending area.”
Selys raised one of her brows.
“Excavate?”
“It will, ah, disassemble any corpse or blockage it finds. My creation can dissect most creatures quite quickly.”
“Gross.”
Selys sighed. Well, adventurers did the same thing. That was one of the reasons why it was so hard to get people to do sewer work, despite the higher pay. It was a disgusting job where you had to haul dead and rotten body parts around. And if you fell into the waters—well, if there hadn’t been rain for a while it could get nasty.
“Just show me when it kills things. I’ll stand here, say that you’re not creating an army of undead in the sewers and go home. You can leave and I can go, okay?”
“That sounds like an excellent plan. Selys.”
“I know.”
The Drake folded her arms. Pisces blinked at her, still looking off-guard and raked a hand through his hair. They stood together in silence as the waters flowed past them. There really wasn’t much Selys wanted to look at. After a while, Pisces spoke.
“If occurs to me that we haven’t spoken at length before now.”
“I don’t hang around Erin’s inn that often. And you don’t show up in the Adventurer’s Guild too much.”
“Yes, well, I am aware when my presence is unwanted.”
“Maybe if you stopped making undead and sneering at everyone we’d all like you more.”
Pisces’ eyes flashed.
“My pursuit of necromancy is my choice to make! My spells are useful—even if only a few individuals are willing to acknowledge that fact. The fact that the Adventurer’s Guild refused to consider my reasonable offer after Olesm had approved it reflects more poorly on you than I. Or am I incorrect in thinking you resorted to my services due to a lack of interest in your ‘tried and tested’ methods of clearing the sewers?”
His voice was hurt and waspish. Pisces sniffed haughtily and immediately regretted the action. Selys just sighed.
“Yeah, you’re wrong. I said it was okay.”
Pisces paused.
“You did?”
Selys nodded, keeping her eyes on the dark waters. Why was she here?
“Yup. My grandmother was the one who objected. You know her? Tekshia Shivertail? She hates all [Necromancers].”
“But you don’t?”
The young man in white robes peered at Selys, looking suddenly a lot more interested and a lot less standoffish than before. Selys frowned.
