5.17 S
Page 2
“This had better not be a joke. Grandma, if this is anything like that prank you pulled on my 20th birthday, I swear I’ll—”
“This is no joke, Miss Shivertail.”
Ilvriss stroked at his chin with a claw as he spoke. Selys shut up. It really was intimidating to be around him. Not only was Ilvriss classically handsome in all the Drake ways, he was a Lord of the Wall. That was practically royalty to Liscor, who had no nobility of their own. And Erin had thrown a pan at him? Selys was too nervous to do anything but listen as Ilvriss spoke with the confidence of his station.
“Drake law is specific. We lost the Heartflame Breastplate in a war with the Humans. Whomever had a claim to it lost that claim and it became a possession of Zel Shivertail when Magnolia Reinhart gave it to him. He gave it to Miss Selys via his will, so it is legally hers.”
“Is there a specific law that states that? My extended family will fight tooth and claw if it isn’t.”
Tekshia looked at Ilvriss. He closed his eyes and nodded.
“‘Lands, property, and possessions lost to war are forfeited. A city, group, or individual cannot claim ownership over an object they used for the purpose of making war.’ The Agreement at Osthia, ECL. 426.”
“What a weird law. Why would we give away anything we lose in war?”
Selys shook her head. She’d just had a conversation with Erin about that very thing. Ilvriss smiled drily.
“If that law didn’t exist we’d go to war more often than we did. Like wills, these laws were put in place in order to prevent fights over lost treasures.”
“And conveniently, it means that Miss Selys’ case is rock solid. Anyone who wants that armor will have to overturn universal law to get it. Even a Walled City would have trouble making that case.”
Watch Captain Zevara sighed as she rubbed her eyes. She looked at Ilvriss.
“…And that means we have a national-grade artifact sitting in the other room. Ancestors. I’ve got Relc watching General Shivertail’s body with his partner, but I’ll need more than that if word gets out.”
“I will send my men to secure the building.”
Ilvriss nodded at once. Zevara raised a weary claw.
“Thank you, Wall Lord. But Wing Commander Embria insists her men take that duty. We’ll move everything to a safer location within the hour, as soon as a [Healer] arrives to…”
She broke off delicately. Tekshia snorted.
“Rob my nephew’s corpse? Did you have to tell that army hothead what was happening?”
“I didn’t have a choice! I’m a Watch Captain, Miss Tekshia. It’s my duty and they would kick up a fuss if I didn’t mention it. And I’m sure they’ll want to speak with Selys about…”
All eyes turned to Selys. She looked around.
“My armor?”
Her armor. The Heartflame Breastplate. Selys wanted to think about it, but the image of Zel’s face kept flashing through her mind. Why was no one talking…? Probably because this was easier to talk about. Because this was something they could actually do something about. The older Drakes talked, arguing about what should be done. Selys sat still, not really listening.
She felt like throwing up. Why was all this happening? Before she knew it, it was dark and Tekshia was turning to her.
“Selys, dear. Go back home and sleep. We’ll sort this out.”
“Gee, thanks, Grandma.”
Selys tried to be sarcastic, but her heart wasn’t in it. Ilvriss turned.
“I’ll send someone—”
“Forget it. The rain’s not going to kill me.”
Selys got up and walked out of the room. The older Drakes looked at each other. Zevara sighed.
“But someone else might. Do you think Miss Selys understands what just happened?”
Tekshia sighed.
