5.17 S
Page 0

“Me?”
Selys stood in a dark room. A flame in an oil lamp gave it light, but it was too dark. A black casket lay on the long hardwood table in the center of the room. It seemed to absorb what little light there was. Outside the rain fell, turning everything dark and obscuring the sky. Selys stood, listening to the screaming.
“Check it again. I don’t care. Check it again! That can’t be what he wrote!”
The [Mage] standing in the scrying orb was being besieged by all sides. He held up the will like a shield as the angry Drake woman shouted at him.
“General Shivertail’s will is perfectly clear! Miss Shivertail, he left his personal equipment to one Selys Shivertail. That would include the—”
His gaze flicked towards Selys, towards the casket. Selys remembered the brilliant armor. But she also remembered her uncle’s face. She didn’t know what to say. Her face was pale. Her knees felt weak. She knew she should be shocked, and she was. But another thought was surfacing in her mind, cresting all the other thoughts.
Why? Why did you have to do that, Uncle?
Her first reaction wasn’t gratitude. Selys wasn’t agog at her good fortune. For a moment, just a moment, she was angry at Zel, angry at her uncle, for putting her in this situation. And then she was ashamed. She looked at the casket and then at the angry Drakes, fighting over Zel Shivertail’s possessions. His sister-in-law was pointing at her and screeching.
“Unacceptable! Unacceptable! That Drake girl isn’t one of the main family! She didn’t even know my brother!”
“Selys.”
Someone shifted the scrying orb. Selys saw Watch Captain Zevara hold the noisy magical artifact away from her. She edged over to Selys and whispered.
“Why did General Shivertail leave…?”
She looked stunned. Selys stared at her and shrugged.
“That’s Uncle Zel for you.”
Watch Captain Zevara gaped. Selys laughed a bit bitterly.
“He must have written the will years ago. Back when I wanted—well, I used to want to be an adventurer. He remembered it and never said anything.”
“Typical of him, really.”
Tekshia looked only a bit shaken. She glanced at the casket and shook her head. She looked almost fond for a second.
“He would accidentally leave you something like that. He never wore fancy armor and he had few magical artifacts compared to other [Generals]. Did you hear that part about giving you a sword? I bet he thought…”
All three Drakes winced as they heard an angry squawk from the orb. Zevara looked at Selys and made a rapid decision. She cleared her throat loudly and stared into the scrying orb.
“Ladies and gentledrakes, I’m afraid I must interrupt. Am I to assume that the contents of General Shivertail’s will have been read out?”
“Yes! And there’s nothing I can do to change it!”
The beleaguered [Mage] was shielding himself from several angry members of the Shivertail family. Zevara nodded.
“In that case, I, Zevara Sunderscale have borne witness and will oversee the distribution of General Shivertail’s will within Liscor.”
“Oh no you won’t.”
The angry sister-in-law strode up to the scrying orb. Selys got a good look at her nostrils and angry mouth as she grabbed it and glared into it.
“That will cannot apply to the armor! Where is this Selys Shivertail? Is that her? Come over here! Renounce your claim to the armor—”
“Enough, Xalia!”
Zel Shivertail’s father angrily grabbed for the orb. He glared into it and stared at Selys.
“This will be a matter for our cities to decide. Watch Captain Zevara, I want you to hold onto the armor until—”
“You don’t give orders here! Give that back to me!”
