5.17 S
Page 7
The Drakes looked at her with varying degrees of shock. Selys looked around. Military people. [Warriors]. They probably dreamed about getting artifacts like this. But she was a [Receptionist]. What was she supposed to do, wear it in case she was assaulted at her desk?
“This is mine?”
They nodded. Selys looked at the armor.
“What the hell am I supposed to use it for? A paperweight?”
Watch Captain Zevara cleared her throat.
“Miss Selys, I know this is a lot to take in. But this armor—you need to do something with it. We can’t keep guarding it forever. One of the Shivertails let it slip that it was bequeathed to you, and there are already hundreds of [Message] spells asking about it. Soon there will be [Thieves] and people trying to take it at all costs.”
“Someone already tried.”
Everyone looked at Ilvriss. The Wall Lord nodded to the armor.
“Last night one of my people caught someone lurking around the side of the building. They escaped, but there was an attempted break in an hour later. A [Burglar], a local criminal, according to Senior Guardsman Relc, who apprehended him.”
“It’s already started. And it’s only going to get worse. Artifacts like this attract people like flies. And this one—Miss Selys—”
“I heard you. What am I supposed to do with it?”
“Sell it?”
“What?”
Selys looked at Ilvriss. He studied her and the armor with a quick, appraising gaze.
“I would like to offer to buy the armor from you, Miss Selys. I realize I can’t offer you fair compensation for a legendary artifact without a known value, but consider it. You could sell the artifact in exchange for coin, goods, services…this could make you a very wealthy Drake.”
“Wall Lord! Miss Selys hasn’t had time to process any of this. Give her time—”
“It’s an offer, Watch Captain Zevara. I have no doubt Miss Selys will receive countless others by the time the day is done. I simply want her to be aware that I can pay my price up front and out of pocket.”
Ilvriss’ voice was calm. Selys couldn’t imagine how much he was talking about. Ten thousand gold coins? No, for any powerful artifact—
“The army could use the breastplate. Miss Shivertail might consider choosing to give the armor away to someone allied with her interests, rather than an outsider.”
Embria slid smoothly into the conversation, smiling politely at Selys. If she hoped to be friendly it didn’t work. Selys eyed her and Ilvriss. Zevara raised her claws.
“Wing Commander, Wall Lord! Please, let Miss Selys decide for herself.”
“You mean, to sell an incredibly powerful magical artifact. Just like that?”
The Drakes looked at each other. Zevara coughed.
“Not right away. If you have any questions, feel free to ask. Your grandmother is sure to have an opinion on the issue.”
“You don’t have to make a decision today. We can defer the issue.”
“The issue of guarding it will of course be undertaken by my [Soldiers].”
“And my people. There’s no cost of course, but there is a limit—”
“A representative from Pallass is waiting to speak with you and you have [Message] spells from—”
It was like rush hour and she was alone at her desk. Selys looked from face to face as the Drakes who were far, far too important to ever speak with her normally jostled each other for her attention. Then she had a thought.
“I can’t. I’d love to ask—but I can’t. I have to go. I have an appointment. My job.”
“Doing what? I’m sure it can wait.”
“No it can’t. My grandmother gave me a task and it’s today. Now, in fact.”
“Doing what?”
Selys wanted to laugh hysterically.
“I’ve got to go supervise a [Necromancer] in the sewers.”
They stared at her as if she were mad.
 
