5.17 S
Page 8
—-
 
“Hey. Sorry I’m late.”
Selys walked down the street. Pisces glanced up and sniffed. He was standing next to a sewer entrance. He wasn’t wet. A barrier of air shielded him from overhead, keeping his spotless robes nice and dry.
“I would complain, but given the circumstances I will refrain.”
“Gee. Thanks.”
Pisces glanced at Selys, and then his eyes flicked down the street. Selys didn’t have to turn to know that a group of figures was not-so-discreetly loitering there.
“I assume that those following you are friendly in some sense of the word?”
“They’re [Guardsmen]. And Liscor’s [Soldiers]. Oh, and I think some of them are Wall Lord Ilvriss’ people.”
“Ah.”
Pisces glanced at Selys, and then at the sewer entrance. It was an iron doorway set into a tunnel that went all the way down to the sewers, Selys knew. It was locked, but Selys had a key. Pisces glanced at Selys again. She just glared at him. She was wet. She didn’t like Pisces that much and she didn’t want to hear a single acerbic comment out of him. She wasn’t Erin who had the patience to deal with weirdos all day. But to her surprise, Pisces cleared his throat.
“I could do this myself. Or we could postpone this task for another day.”
The Drake [Receptionist] blinked at him.
“I have a job to do. And I have to follow you and make sure you’re doing it right.”
“Yes, but if you’d like to take a break I would be more than willing to relegate this errand to a later date. I understand today might be somewhat stressful…”
He trailed off and Selys realized what he was getting at. He was actually being tactful. She paused.
“I’d never hear the end of it from my grandmother if I shirked my duties.”
“You could tell her I failed to turn up. Or that I requested an extension.”
Why was he trying to be helpful? Selys tail curled with stress.
“I—appreciate the offer, Pisces. But Zevara, Olesm, and everyone else are breathing down my tail to get the sewers cleared. Let’s just get this over with.”
“As you wish. I assume you have the key?”
“Yeah. Move over.”
Selys fished around and came up with an old key. She unlocked the doors while Pisces stared over her shoulder.
“Please tell me that your escort isn’t going to follow us into the sewers. Fifteen Drakes and Gnolls crowded down there would be—”
He paused.
“—Fairly entertaining, actually.”
Selys bared her teeth.
“I don’t think they get paid enough for that. Besides, we’re not going in far, are we? Here we are.”
The sewer doors opened and let a terrible stench out. Pisces covered his nose and coughed. Selys gagged. She heard the [Necromancer] mutter a word, and a breeze blew past her. The smell vanished.
“Huh. Thanks.”
“Wind spell. A shame I never mastered scent illusions. Are you alright, Miss Shivertail?”
She was getting sick of being called Miss Shivertail. Selys eyed Pisces.
“It’s Selys. I’ll live. Where’s your undead creation?”
“In here.”
Pisces patted a bag of holding at his side. He hesitated. The steps leading down weren’t wet, but the rain was blowing in and there was a good amount of moss coating the old stones.
“You really needn’t come down with me. Neither of us need be here, to be honest.”
“I’m going. Stop trying to talk me out of it.”
Selys glared and walked past Pisces. She took the steps down as the stench of the sewers grew worse and worse. The steps led down to a very large, very flooded sewer. Selys had been down here only once before, back when she’d wanted to become an adventurer. One hour in here had disabused her of that notion.
