5.18 S
Page 8
She turned and ran out of the inn. Zevara called out after her.
“Miss Selys, wait!”
Her voice had the authority of command in it. And she used a Skill. Selys stopped unwillingly. Zevara looked a bit ashamed of herself. She cleared her throat.
“You’re going to need an escort.”
 
—-
 
Selys hated everyone and everything by the time she got back to her room. There was a [Guardsman] outside her door—a pair of them, actually—and four had had to walk her back through the rainy streets. Zevara had suggested putting Selys up in an inn—and Ilvriss had immediately offered the Tailless Thief. Selys had turned them both down instantly.
She was miserable. She sat in her bed, tossing her wet cloak to the floor and stomping into her kitchen. She reached for a mug, opened her cupboard, and realized she had nothing to drink.  No tea leaves, no bottles, nothing. She’d forgotten to go shopping.
“Lizard’s eggs!”
Selys shouted. She turned and saw Pisces sitting at her table. He offered her a cup of dark red wine.
“Try this.”
For a second Selys considered poking his eye out. Her heart beat out of her chest. Pisces seemed to realize and coughed.
“Sorry. I should have announced myself.”
She stared at him.
“How did you follow me?”
“As a point of fact, I slipped in before you got here. Watch Captain Zevara made an error. She posted a guard who checked for invisible or concealed intruders before the escort brought you here. There was a window of opportunity as you opened the door. I followed you in.”
His self-satisfied explanation made Selys clench her fists.
“Pisces, I’m not in the mood.”
“I understand that. And I will leave instantly. I just wanted to give you this, actually.”
The [Necromancer] stood up and reached into his bag of holding. He produced a bottle of wine, a plate of steaming spaghetti and meatballs, and a bowl of salad. The salad had spilled a bit and he shook a few leaves of lettuce off of the bowl.
“Apologies. Bags of holding are tricky to use. It’s practically impossible to put a cup of water inside and not spill it all.”
“What?”
Selys just looked at the food and wine, and then at Pisces. Her stomach rumbled. She hadn’t had lunch—she’d barely eaten breakfast. The sight of food made her feel faint. Pisces shrugged and smiled a bit as he explained.
“You are under a version of house arrest. Ah, pardon me. I misspoke. You’re being ‘protected’. I thought you wouldn’t wish to eat dinner or go shopping—or subject yourself to a public setting—so I asked Erin to make you dinner. I apologize if I’ve overstepped.”
He looked at her questioningly. Selys made her mouth work as her stomach made a motion for food.
“No, that’s—considerate of you, actually. Thank you.”
He offered her a crooked smile.
“Consider it further recompense for putting you into harm’s way in Pallass. I should have considered the risks. I will leave you alone now, if you’ll open a window to let me jump out.”
Selys hesitated. She looked at the food, and at Pisces.
“You don’t have to go. In fact—here.”
She went and grabbed two cups from her cupboards. She offered one to Pisces. He looked at it, surprised. Selys gestured at the table.
“I’ll let you have the salad.”
 
—-
 
It was an awkward meal. Selys had never talked to Pisces, not in any intimate way. She barely knew him, and yet he’d been around Erin’s inn as long as she had. Longer, really. He wasn’t what Selys would call an ideal dining partner, but she needed someone to talk to. She was upset.
