5.18 S
Page 1
Someone smacked Selys with a claw. She jerked, felt the binding on her wrist and stared at a Drake. He had an ugly, flat face, like a Human’s. And he was standing too close to her. She tried to back up, nearly fell, and realized she was sitting in a chair. Her hands were bound to the back with rope. She saw other Drakes in the room, huge, thickset ones and thought of the worst.
“Touch me and I’ll—”
“Shut up.”
The Drake in front of her glared at her. He had dark orange scales, greasy and uncared for. He also had a knife. Selys realized that when he brandished it. She eyed the blade, but kept talking.
“If you lay one claw on me, I’ll bite your hand off, got it?”
The Drake exchanged a glance with his buddies.
“Cooperate and you won’t be harmed.”
“Yeah. Cooperate or we’ll have to persuade you. Which would be fun for us. And not for you.”
Another Drake leered at her. Selys stared at him. He was shorter, with brown scales. She glanced around. This was bad. Really bad. What was—
The Drake in front of her slapped down a piece of parchment. Selys stared at it. The Drake put down an ink pot and quill. He pointed.
“Sign.”
Selys stared at him. She stared at the contract. It was hard to make out since the only light in the room was a single lantern. But she could make out what looked like a legal contract. ‘I, Selys Shivertail, hereby authorize Watch Captain Zevara to relinquish the artifact in my possession to the bearer of this document. Said artifact is known as…’
The pieces flew together in her mind. The Drake [Receptionist] looked at the parchment, at the thugs, and then relaxed.
“Ancestors, that’s a relief.”
Her reaction caught the Drakes off-guard. They stared at her. Selys glanced around. Dimly lit room, about eight Drake guys—okay, one female skulking near the back, although she was twice as big as Selys so it was an easy mistake—she’d jumped to a far worse conclusion. Not that this wasn’t bad. But Selys felt better. She glared at the Drake.
“You hit me.”
“Sign the document. You won’t be hurt. We’ll keep you here until we obtain the artifact, and then you’ll be let go. Unharmed, if you cooperate.”
“Oh yeah?”
If looks could kill, Selys would have been Liscor’s most-wanted years ago. She glared around and then yanked at her bindings.
“Hey! My hands are tied. How am I supposed to sign anything if I’m tied up? Are you idiots?”
The [Thug] in front of Selys stared at her. She glared at him.
“Untie my hands! Unless you want me to sign that parchment with my tongue? I can’t tail-write, you know!”
Her response caught all the Drakes in the room off-guard. One of them coughed.
“What, you’re just going to sign? Like that?”
“Uh, yeah? I’m not stupid. I’m locked up in this room and you’ve got knives. Give me the quill.”
The Drakes exchanged glances as Selys glared at them. What did they think she was going to do? Resist torture? An artifact wasn’t worth that, no matter what it was!
“Fine. I’ll release you. Don’t move. And don’t try to run.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t. And watch my claws! I got them polished the other day!”
“She can’t be serious.”
One of the other [Thugs] muttered as the Drake with the knife began sawing through Selys’ bindings. Selys tried to breathe normally. She was being mouthy, but she was terrified. She waited until she felt the bindings fall off her claws and then grabbed the quill.
Everyone in the room tensed. Selys stared at them.
“I’m signing the document.”
