5.18 S
Page 23
“Absolutely. Jelaqua, if you’re willing, I’ll lease the armor to you. I know I could find a team in Pallass or someone else in Liscor—the Silver Swords, maybe—but I wanted to ask you first.”
Jelaqua looked dumbfounded. She looked at her teammates, and then at Selys, rather helplessly.
“Well of course we’d love to borrow it, even for a day! But Selys, we can’t afford—”
“Oh, it’s not about how much you can pay me now. I just want a cut of whatever you get.”
Selys interrupted the Selphid. Jelaqua snapped her fingers.
“You do? Of course! A cut of the treasure!”
“I don’t need artifacts or anything else. All I want is a percentage of anything you find. You can have first rights to artifacts and compensate me the cost.”
The Halfseekers stared at Selys. She held her breath as they turned. Moore covered their heads as he bent his to confer. Jelaqua turned back within a minute.
“Well, if it’s a percentage of our findings, we could offer you thirty percent—but let’s talk this over, okay? How’s a drink sound? At Erin’s?”
Selys smiled. She turned to Pisces and he gave her a thumbs-up.  He looked satisfied as he edged over to Selys.
“I get a cut of the profits, right?”
She stared flatly at him. Pisces lost his smile.
“Ah. Was that the wrong time to ask?”
He yelped as Selys poked him in the side. The [Receptionist] winked.
“We’ll talk.”
 
—-
 
It wasn’t over with the Halfseekers. Before they met to discuss the terms of their contract, which would be magically enforced and certified by Liscor’s Watch Captain, Selys strode into Tekshia Shivertail’s office. The elderly Drake looked up as Selys thrust a parchment onto the table for her. Selys didn’t wait for Tekshia to speak.
“The Goblins are going to be a Bronze-rank team. They’ll work their way up through the system, but this way Liscor can take credit for them entering the dungeon, and we get a cut of whatever they find. Otherwise we have five Goblins running about who aren’t under anyone’s control but Erin’s.”
Tekshia picked up the form to create a Bronze-rank team. She studied it. Then she pushed it back across the desk.
“No.”
Selys leaned over the desk. She should have worn her armor.
“Why not?”
Tekshia’s face didn’t change.
“I don’t trust them.”
“I do.”
“So? You’re not the [Guildmistress].”
Selys stared at her grandmother. She glared, and then took a deep breath.
“I’m not. But I say it should be this way, Grandma. If you’ll sign this, I’ll take responsibility for the Goblins. If they cause trouble, I’ll take the blame. Not you. You can put that in writing.”
She jabbed a claw at the parchment. For a second she thought Tekshia would scoff at her, but then, to her astonishment, Tekshia laughed. The elderly Drake grabbed a quill as Selys stared at her in astonishment.
“Do you know how long I’ve been waiting to hear you take some responsibility for your actions? Fine. If you’ll put your tail on the line…”
She signed the parchment with a flourish. Selys gaped at her.
“What?”
“Oh, don’t stare. I’ve waited for ages for you to suggest something and have the spine to back up what you’re suggesting. You’ll never get anywhere by trying to get someone else to take the risks, Selys. An adult takes chances and backs them up! A shame you had to make Goblin adventurers your first big decision. Ah, well.”
Tekshia sighed as she pushed the parchment back towards Selys. The Drake stared and then snatched the parchment up. She peered at the signature. It was real. She glared at her grandmother.
