5.18 S
Page 26
Selys looked down. Pisces clambered out of the hole he’d dug and eyed the gravestone in front of the hole. It was a marvelous tombstone, a grand thing that looked a lot better in the daylight. The name of the owner was emblazoned across it. A name every Drake child knew. A name from history.
General Sserys.
“The coffin is right there. I presume you don’t want to open it? It’s probably loaded with enough ward spells to destroy half this graveyard if I managed to break through it at all.”
Selys shuddered.
“No, it’s fine. It just needs to be next to the coffin. Here. Give me a moment.”
Pisces walked back. He stared at Selys as she opened the urn. In the pouring rain, Selys hesitated over the hole. A perverse part of her thought it would be so funny if she tripped and fell in. Then she stared at the urn.
It was so small. Too small. And try as she might, Selys couldn’t find enough sadness in her heart. It was there, but she’d done so much mourning that it was smaller. Truly. And this moment didn’t strike her as sad. She held the urn over the grave and said a few words that were lost to the rain. Perhaps Pisces heard it—perhaps not. The rain was loud. But then again, he could read lips.
Selys poured the urn’s contents into the hole in the ground. The ash fell, a brief cloud, settling into the grave. Selys stood there for a minute and then turned to Pisces.
“Okay, let’s cover it all back up. Hand me a shovel.”
The two got to work, piling the wet, heavy dirt back into the grave and tamping it down. Pisces even levitated the plaque back into place, adding the uprooted turf so it looked like no one had ever tampered with the grave. The two stepped back and there was a moment where they looked at each other. Pisces cleared his throat.
“Turnscale. Not a word I’m familiar with.”
Selys jumped. She glanced at Pisces and he shrugged. Selys hesitated and turned away.
“That’s probably because it’s not a word you’d find in any Drake book.”
He nodded, flicking wet hair out of his eyes.
“You’re most likely correct. But I can guess the meaning.”
“Yeah. It’s fairly obvious.”
“From the context of what you’ve done, I can only infer one conclusion. Selys. Am I right in thinking…?”
Selys looked at Pisces. He fell silent.
“Yes.”
The [Necromancer] looked startled.
“Truly? I can understand General Shivertail. But was Sserys…?”
The Drake [Receptionist] hesitated.
“No one knew. He died long ago and uncle never talked about it. But I think he and uncle were…he wouldn’t have written that if it hadn’t been true.”
Zel Shivertail’s will. The words that had been taboo, unutterable. Unthinkable. They came to Selys, unbidden.
Bury me with my love.
A simple request, nothing more. She had honored it as best she could. Selys turned away. Pisces stared at the grave.
“Could you imagine?”
“What?”
“If it were true. Think of what that would mean for history!”
“It was true. No one talked about it.”
Selys stared at the grave. It felt…good. She’d just dug up a grave, in a sense, despoiled the grave of Liscor’s greatest hero, General Sserys. If Embria had known about this she would have beheaded Selys and Pisces in an instant. Or stabbed them. She did use a spear. But Selys only felt good. It was what Zel had wanted. And she thought it was what Sserys would have wanted.
