5.18 S
Page 18
“If you want to be ordinary, you can claim ignorance, but you know that you’re at least related to—”
“I said, shut up!”
Selys screamed at Pisces. She was so frustrated and angry that she actually hissed at him. The sound was loud in the small room, an angry viper’s hiss. Selys felt hot with embarrassment. No—not hot. Warm. She saw Pisces staring at her, pale-faced, and felt awful.
“I’m sorry.”
“Selys.”
“Look, I didn’t mean to—you should probably go.”
“Selys!”
Pisces was pointing, his finger shaking. Selys looked at him. Then she turned.
Behind her, the Heartflame Armor blazed. It was on fire. Flickering, ghostly pale red and orange flames licked across the armor, burning without smoke. There was heat without sound, motion without fuel. Selys stared at the armor as it blazed.
“Huh?”
“You did it!”
Someone hugged her from behind. Selys yelped and looked into Pisces ecstatic face. The [Necromancer] danced about the armor, happier than Selys had ever seen him.
“That was it! That was it! Of all the sounds! What genius! What simple—”
“What? What was it? ”
Selys was confused until she recalled what she’d done. Her eyes widened.
“Hissing? But that’s—”
“So simple! Isn’t it? You wouldn’t expect it to be a phrase, and if you heard it in the heat of battle—and it’s something only a Drake would do! Do it again! Turn it off!”
“I’ll burn myself!”
“Try touching it from the inside!”
Cautiously, Selys did. She could feel the heat of the flames, but the inside of the breastplate was simply warm. Selys hissed, feeling embarrassed, but to her astonishment it worked! The flames immediately vanished. Pisces whistled slowly.
“Incredible. Hissing. A simple command, not lengthy, easy to activate and so simple that it would be overlooked by anyone attempting to guess the password. I suspect you can subvocalize the noise and activate the enchantment.”
“Sub what?”
“Make the sound so small, so inaudible that no one can hear it but you.”
She tried it. The flames flickered into life across the armor though the hissing sound barely passed her lips. Selys jumped. Pisces smiled widely.
“Wondrous.”
Selys just stared at the armor. The flames licking across the metal were hypnotic. They weren’t just fiery red anymore—they had shifted to become slightly purple with a white core. As if the flames were reacting to something? It was magical fire, and a magical effect. Selys felt someone standing next to her. Pisces.
“And so I ask you one last time, Selys.”
She stared at him. Pisces pointed to the burning armor.
“Look at it. Selys. This armor was given to you. It was your uncle’s will that you have it. I have but one question for you: do you want it?”
Selys stared at him. She looked at the armor. She closed her eyes. She didn’t need to think of the answer. She’d known it all along.
“Yes.”
“Are you sure?”
Selys nodded.
“It’s mine. It’s what my uncle gave to me. It’s mine.”
She reached out and turned the enchantment off. Selys touched the warm metal slowly. Mine. Hers. Of course she wanted it. What Drake wouldn’t? And there was a part of her that remembered. She’d wanted to be an adventurer, wanted to be a hero.
Maybe her uncle hadn’t thought of it. Maybe he hadn’t updated his will. But he had known the Goblin Lord was coming. Maybe he hadn’t cared.  Or maybe he’d remembered and decided to do nothing anyways.
“What’s it like, Uncle?”
“Excuse me?”
Pisces was staring. Selys turned her head. There was an epiphany in her mind, a rushing roar of understanding. She felt like her heart was about to beat out of her chest. Everything was slow and fast at the same time. Dreamlike.
