5.18 S
Page 5
“I’m just investigating. A Watch Captain shouldn’t leave classified documents lying around.”
Selys eyed him severely.
“It’s generally considered polite not to snoop.”
“Polite, but not informative.”
The [Necromancer] sighed, but he backed away from the desk. He looked at Selys.
“How are you feeling?”
“Fine. Thanks.”
Her head had been treated with a splash of healing potion and she was fine, albeit a bit shaken. Selys sipped at her tea.
“How are you? How’s the face?”
Pisces rubbed at one cheek, where the shadow of a bruise was forming. He shrugged.
“A minor injury. I’m more embarrassed about it, in truth. I shouldn’t have let my guard down.”
“Yeah. What was that?”
“What?”
“That! That—appearing and stabbing that Drake before facing them all down. What were you thinking?”
Pisces looked surprised and a bit hurt.
“I was trying to intimidate them.”
Selys glared at him. Her nerves were shot.
“By yourself? You don’t give speeches, you idiot! You’re lucky that Drake on the floor didn’t stab you while you were showing off! You should have stabbed him in the back and laid a trap, rather than played the shining [Knight] in armor!”
The young man blinked at her.
“That’s strangely pragmatic of you.”
“I’m not an idiot! But you were, rushing in there! You could have been killed! [Mages] die after being stabbed, and taking on a bunch of [Thugs] with knives is a death sentence! What were you doing?”
Pisces hesitated. He rubbed at his cheek and glanced past Selys.
“I was…concerned for your safety.”
“Oh.”
Selys sat back. Pisces hesitated.
“I thought that I could distract their attention from you, or ambush them once they’d left. I grew worried when the Drake grabbed you.”
So he’d stepped in to protect her? Selys regretted shouting at him. She shifted uncomfortably in her chair.
“Well—thanks.”
“I only regret that I didn’t stop your kidnapping.”
“You couldn’t have known.”
He shrugged.
“No, but I was there. Invisible, yes. I could have cut the first Drake down, but I elected to follow you.”
The gratitude infusing Selys’ heart faded slightly. She looked up over her cup’s rim at him.
“You what?”
“I thought it best to know the scope of the threat before I stepped in.”
“So you let them drag me away?”
“It was that or fight them all in the street. I had to know their numbers.”
Selys glared at Pisces as he hunched his shoulders. She opened her mouth, thought better, and closed it.
“Well. That was smart of you.”
“You think so?”
“It was the smart thing to do. There was no telling how many of them there were, or if they had more friends. So yeah, good job.”
Selys grudgingly agreed with Pisces’ decision. He blinked at her, looking slightly pleased.
“Well, I’m happy to help. Unfortunately, I fear that this is only the first event of many. I’m sorry you were targeted—although I noticed you were able to defend yourself. That was an ah, appropriately vicious attack you performed.”
“What? Oh, poking that guy in the eye? Yeah…he deserved it. And I wasn’t about to wait for you to scare him into letting me go.”
The Drake [Receptionist] wiped her claws on her clothes for the umpteenth time, shuddering as she recalled the feeling. Pisces flicked his eyes towards her claws.
“Nevertheless, it was an adroitly done maneuver. Did someone teach you how to do that?”
Selys paused.
“My uncle taught me how to fight when I was growing up. I was never good at claw fighting, but he showed me how to defend myself.”
“Ah. By poking eyes out?”
“Not everyone has time to learn how to use a rapier. Anyways.”
The young Drake woman cleared her throat awkwardly. She looked at Pisces.
