5.18 S
Page 11
Relc jerked awake. He looked comical as he fumbled to attention and Zevara chewed him out, but Selys suspected that anyone trying to sneak into the room behind him would find that Relc was more attentive than he seemed. Zevara sighed as she looked at Selys.
“Take as long as you like, Miss Shivertail. Relc and Wall Lord Ilvriss’ people have the room warded and under guard.”
“Good.”
Selys put her hand on the door knob and heard the [Mage] mutter something. She paused.
“He deactivated the ward spell. Don’t be alarmed.”
Pisces nodded at the Drake [Mage]. She eyed him warily. Zevara turned towards Pisces with a frown.
“Thank you for brining Miss Shivertail dinner…Mister Pisces. But I’m afraid that this is a restricted area.”
“He can come in.”
Selys thought Zevara might actually inhale her tongue. The Watch Captain turned towards her. Selys put her claws on her hips.
“It is mine, isn’t it?”
“Yes! But do you—”
Zevara bit her tongue on the rest of the sentence. Do you trust him? Pisces pretended not to hear. Selys sighed.
“Please let us in, Watch Captain.”
Zevara was in a bad mood. She looked at Selys, threw up her arms and stalked away. Selys looked at Relc. He yawned.
“Go on in, Selys. Hey, bone-guy.”
“Guardsman Relc.”
Selys and Pisces entered the room. It was fairly large, a meeting room, in fact. It had no windows and someone had cleared out the table and chairs to put a single stand in the center of the room. On it hung a shimmering, golden piece of armor.
Selys’ heart skipped a beat. She stared at the Heartflame Breastplate, taking it in. This was the legendary armor. This was the artifact everyone wanted.
She still thought it looked sort of cheap. It was gaudy. Gold metal, shining colors—it was impressive, yes, but—
Pisces’ inhalation of breath was more fitting for the moment. He stared at the armor as Relc closed the door and began flirting with the [Mage] on duty. The [Necromancer] approached the armor, stepping around it to stare from every angle. He reached out, hands shaking, and then looked at Selys.
“May I—?”
“Go ahead.”
For some reason Selys’ voice was hushed. She held her breath as Pisces touched the armor. Then she felt silly and walked forwards. The metal was warm to the touch. That was all. There was no zap of magic, no aura of power. It was just armor.
But it was magical. Pisces ran a finger over the armor, seeing something that Selys could not. He murmured to himself as he inspected it.
“Warm. What exquisite spellcraft. And the metal—it’s alloyed with gold, but what the rest of the metal is…adamantium? Some spell-metal, perhaps?”
“It’s impressive. I can see why the legends say it was indestructible. It doesn’t have a scratch, even when—”
Selys’ throat closed. Pisces looked up.
“Your uncle—General Shivertail. Was his body…damaged by the battle?”
“It was. It was horrible. Part of his head was missing and his body was cut and burned like—”
Selys felt like she shouldn’t talk about it, but she had to. The words spilled out and Pisces listened.
“Ah. Those wounds are…incredible. But also a sign of the armor’s power, I think. General Shivertail was renowned for his durability and toughness in battle.”
“He was. He could block an unenchanted axe strike with his scales! But still, he—”
Selys broke off, shaking her head. Pisces peered at the armor and coughed.
“Ah, look here. I had wondered about the name, but this truly is a breastplate and not a cuirass, isn’t it? Curious that such a powerful armor would lack rear protection.”
