5.18 S
Page 24
“Wait, was this all another test? You mean all my suggestions—Pisces cleaning the sewers—all that was to prepare me to follow in your footsteps?”
The old Drake paused in nibbling at her quill tip.
“Hardly. I just don’t like [Necromancers]. What’s this about you following in my footsteps?”
“I thought—you were preparing to make me the Guildmaster! Guildmistress!”
“What?”
“You’ve been having me run about, do all kinds of important work for the Guild. And you keep talking about your bad back and how much work there is. I thought…”
Selys trailed off as Tekshia gave her an incredulous look. The old Drake shook her head.
“Guildmaster? You thought I was grooming you to replace me? Hah!”
She barked a laugh and pointed her inky quill at Selys like a dagger. Tekshia grinned, her teeth inky in one spot.
“You can have my place when I’m dead, Selys, and not a moment before! I just wanted you to take some responsibility and start leveling up again!”
“But—”
Selys felt like Tekshia had kicked the rug out from under her. The old Drake cackled.
“I’ll give you a small raise. Assuming you’re not too busy running around in armor?”
“I—but—you—I worked so hard—and you—”
Selys spluttered. Tekshia shook her head.
“You’re not having my job. Too much good fortune is bad for your character, anyways.”
“I hate you! I worked so hard! And for what? I’m not working overtime again!”
Selys raged as she turned and stomped away from the desk. She had to come back for the parchment. Tekshia nearly laughed her tail off. But she stopped Selys as the young Drake stormed for the door.
“It was a smart idea to keep it, Selys.”
Selys turned. The young Drake woman smiled at Tekshia, her anger forgotten.
“I know. And I couldn’t just give it away. After all, Uncle Zel gave it to me.”
Tekshia sighed.
“He did at that.”
The door closed. Tekshia watched Selys hurry down the street through the window and laughed before snorting.
“Guildmistress? Hah! Not this year.”
Then she reached under her desk and produced something round and soft to nibble on while she worked. It was a cookie.
 
—-
 
It wasn’t over. Selys sat at a table in The Wandering Inn, talking animatedly with Jelaqua. She was no [Shopkeeper], but she had a certain degree of charm, and she could talk shop with any adventurer under the sun.
“I’m just asking for a reasonable percentage of whatever profits you make. With this armor you can literally walk through some traps unharmed. And the flame enchantment will protect you from all kinds of effects. For a Selphid you’d practically be invulnerable, wouldn’t you?”
“True. But we haven’t tested the magnitude of the enchantments. Forty percent is high. Hell, thirty percent is high! We’re doing all the work!”
“And I have a legendary artifact. With it on you might be a Named Adventurer, Jelaqua. Think of that. If you don’t want it, I could talk to Ylawes…”
The Selphid was thinking, Selys could tell. Jelaqua leaned back to whisper to Seborn, and someone passed by their table.
“Another round?”
Erin lifted a mug, smiling. Selys smiled too. She had barely had time to talk with Erin over these last few days. But that was the thing, wasn’t it? Erin had her busy life to lead. She was always getting into trouble or finding something weird. And for once, Selys could relate.
“I’ll have a fruit drink, Erin. No more alcohol. But can I have another kebab?”
“Coming right up! Hey, did you know I didn’t make this for once? Ishkr’s really good at searing the meat. As good as I am with my [Advanced Cooking] Skill!”
