5.18 S
Page 7
“Drakes first! Please! Miss Shivertail, we really must speak about your inheritance. I hate to bring up the subject so soon—”
“Silence!”
Tekshia raised her voice. The others fell silent. The Guildmistress stepped closer to Selys and inspected her granddaughter. She nodded.
“I heard you poked an eye out, Selys. Good job. Next time try ducking before they hit you.”
“Thanks, Grandma.”
Selys rolled her eyes. Tekshia nodded at her.
“Looks like you’ve had a rough time. All these Drakes want to speak with you. I just came to tell you that you can have tomorrow off. But I’ll expect you back into work at noon the day after, understand?”
“What? Grandma—”
“Enough. Don’t whine, it’s unbecoming. Now, I’ll be going. Innkeeper?”
“Yes?”
“Give me another one of those ‘cookies’ you made. A bag, actually. I want to share them with some of my friends.”
Tekshia turned. She paused and glanced over her shoulder at Pisces. He was standing behind the others, forgotten. Tekshia met his eyes.
“Necromancer.”
“Guildmistress Shivertail.”
He bowed very politely. Tekshia snorted and walked away. Selys saw the others looking after her. Zevara cleared her throat.
“You’re ah, well, Miss Selys? Don’t take Miss Tekshia’s words too seriously. She was quite insistent you be found when Pallass informed us of the kidnapping.”
Selys smiled wryly.
“Don’t worry, I know. That was her being considerate and caring. I think. Trust Grandmother not to give me more than a day off for being kidnapped.”
“Speaking of kidnapping…”
Ilvriss broke in. The Wall Lord looked around, his tail wagging furiously.
“This is a disgrace. A citizen was kidnapped in Pallass on the streets? What kind of Walled City allows that kind of crime?”
“The kind that has an inheritor of the Heartflame Breastplate walking its streets, I think.”
Zevara glanced meaningfully at Selys, who flushed. She consulted a piece of parchment.
“Watch Captain Venim tells me they were local thugs, hired to kidnap Miss Selys and force her to sign a waiver allowing them to take the Heartflame Breastplate. They’d take it, drop it at a safe location and receive their payment. Forty thousand gold pieces, allegedly. Not that they saw any of it—they may have intended to take the armor for themselves once they had it.”
“Dead gods, plots already?”
Fleiss shuddered. Zevara just shook her head.
“It was a shoddy plan that never would have worked. Whoever hired them must have panicked when they saw you in Pallass and didn’t think things through. If I’d have seen the document I’d have arrested the Drakes and found out where you were being kept. Fortunately you didn’t have to wait that long.”
She glanced at Pisces, who smiled politely.
“I was accompanying Selys and happened to be in the area, Watch Captain.”
“Good. Thank you.”
Zevara nodded at him and turned her back on Pisces. Ilvriss glanced at the [Necromancer] and then at Selys. He looked quite a bit kinder as he went over to her.
“Miss Selys, I understand you must be shaken.”
“A bit.”
Selys wasn’t going to lie—she was more than a bit unsteady. Wall Lord Ilvriss nodded sympathetically.
“I just wanted to let you know that my offer still stands. I don’t want to force you into a decision, but perhaps it would be best if you allowed some of my people to escort you—”
Selys’ eyes narrowed.
“Ancestors, I just got kidnapped and you’re already trying to buy the armor from me?”
Her raised voice made the others look at her. Selys turned red with embarrassment and anger. Her voice cracked as she shouted at Ilvriss.
“I don’t know what to do with the armor! Leave me alone!”
