5.18 S
Page 25
Erin left and returned with some hot skewers of pork and chicken. Selys gobbled one down happily as Jelaqua looked resigned. She had her on the ropes! Selys would be content with thirty five percent, actually. It was just a matter of getting the Selphid to agree…
Selys paused as she chewed and swallowed. Her armor was going to be huge, especially if Jelaqua’s team found something. But there was something she had to do as well tonight. It had to be tonight. She’d talked with Zevara and it had to be tonight. Zel’s remains would be transported through to Pallass tomorrow with a huge honor guard. So…
“Erin, I need a big favor.”
“Oh?”
The [Innkeeper] looked intrigued. Selys scooted her chair back to whisper in her ears.
“I need you to pull a few strings to get some people to help me. Here’s what I’ll need…”
 
—-
 
Later that night, two [Guardsmen] stood in one corner of Liscor as the rain fell unceasingly. They were on duty—it was customary for the Watch to post a guard here regardless of weather or circumstance. The graveyards of all major cities were well-tended and the remains were disposed of in such a way that the undead couldn’t rise, but you could never be too certain.
It was wet. One of the [Guardsmen] shifted and yawned. He raised his voice and spoke above the patter of rain to his companion.
“Say, Klb, old buddy. How much trouble would we be in if we were caught doing this?”
The Antinium standing next to him paused. Rain dripped off his mandibles as he opened them to reply.
“By saying ‘we’, are you referring to you and I as Senior Guardsmen, the four of us present in the graveyard, or the entire group including Watch Captain Zevara and Miss Solstice?”
Relc paused.
“Any of us.”
“Hmm. I believe in our case we would both be fired or forced to resign instantly, be court martialed, perhaps imprisoned and potentially be executed.”
“Ah. Right. I was just curious.”
“Indeed.”
They turned their attention back to watching. Not watching for intruders, but rather, watching for anyone who might catch the two intruders already in the graveyard. They were holding shovels. One of them whispered to the other.
“Can you hurry up?”
“I’m trying! This would be easier if you let me use an undead rather than do it myself—”
Pisces straightened, mopping dirt, sweat and rain from his forehead. Selys glared at him.
“What, and get murdered for desecrating the graveyard more than we already are?”
“I think this is a treasonous offense either way. The coffin is just a few more feet.”
“You sure?”
“It has bones in it. Of course I’m sure!”
Pisces was irate. He hadn’t signed up for manual labor as he’d pointed out all night, but Selys had trusted no one else. Ironically, the [Necromancer] was her only expert in this field. Digging up a grave.
Not just any grave either. Selys shuddered. She pointed at Pisces.
“Don’t you dare steal so much as a bone from this graveyard. I mean it, Pisces!”
“I wouldn’t dare.”
He sounded sincere so Selys relaxed. Pisces grunted as he hopped back in the hole he’d dug.
“Besides, all the bones are disposed of in such a way that they can’t be used easily. Warded coffins, silver dust…it really is inconvenient. Or so I’ve heard.”
“Please stop talking. You’re standing over his grave.”
Selys closed her eyes tightly. She clutched the urn to her chest as Pisces kept digging. She heard him pause.
“Ah. Here we are.”
