5.18 S
Page 2
Slowly, she dipped the quill into ink and scrawled her name across the bottom of the parchment. The Drakes blinked. Selys pushed the parchment back towards the Drake with the orange scales.
“There. How long until you let me go.”
He looked at her.
“Uh—”
The [Thug] picked up the parchment, frowned at it, and looked around.
“We have the signature. Let’s go—pick it up?”
His companions looked nonplussed. The short Drake looked bewildered.
“I thought we’d have to torture her.”
“Why don’t we leave a guard—”
“Just like that? Okay, what if we—”
“You think you’re going? Not a chance. I’ll go with—”
Selys watched them argue, feeling a sense of unreality to the day. First she’d been to a funeral. And she’d been given armor. She’d gone into the sewers, then gone to Pallass, been kidnapped…
She’d been to a funeral. This morning. Selys could barely remember the smell of smoke and long speeches now. It felt distant already. But at the same time—
Her uncle was dead. Zel Shivertail was gone. Those were the facts. Everything that followed, all of this—it was over his armor. The Heartflame Breastplate. Selys had barely seen it more than a minute. Who cared about it? Why was this happening?
She lowered her head as her tail curled around her legs. Dead. But his ashes weren’t even buried and Drakes were fighting over his legacy. That was the worst of what they could be. That was what she’d tried to tell Erin. Drakes were descended from Dragons, yes. That was true. But where Dragons were greedy, Drakes could be so petty.
“Alright! We’ll do it like that!”
Selys looked up. The [Thugs] had come to a decision. Five went over to the door, while two folded their arms, looking annoyed. The one with orange scales came over to Selys.
“We’re going to take the artifact. Where is it being held?”
“I don’t know.”
“What?”
Selys glared at the Drake’s incredulous face.
“Do you think I had time to put it somewhere? Zevara has it! I don’t know where it is!”
“You must have seen where it was last.”
“Yeah, but they moved it! I don’t know where it is!”
Selys folded her arms. The hired muscle looked at each other. One growled.
“Maybe she’s lying.”
“I’m not.”
The young Drake [Receptionist] stared at the thug. He narrowed his eyes and came over.
“I don’t like the way she’s talking back.”
“Oh y—”
Too late, Selys’ mouth finally got her into trouble. The other Drake caught her arm and she yelped as he gripped it hard enough to bruise.
“Tell us where the armor is. You know where they put it. You’re just lying to us to buy time. I want to know where.”
“I don’t know! Let go of me!”
Selys grabbed the arm holding her, but the Drake was far stronger than she was. He grabbed her other arm and spoke menacingly a few inches away from her face. His breath stank.
“Think really hard, Miss. Or else I’m going to have to—”
The Drake gasped and jerked. Selys felt him let go, and saw him jerk backwards. Something was protruding out of his shoulder. The silvery tip of the rapier pulled back as the Drake cried out in agony. Pisces appeared behind him.
“I would ask that you refrain from threatening Miss Selys, good Drakes of Pallass. Or I might be forced to harm you.”
He turned as the Drake he’d wounded grabbed at his shoulder. Pisces whirled, and the [Thugs] in the room cried out in shock. Pisces smiled, his white robes shining in the lantern light, his bloody rapier held at the ready.
“It appears that degenerate behavior is not simply a Human trait. I would have expected this in Terandria. Or Wistram. But here? Is there no regard for grief, no respect for mourning?”
