5.18 S
Page 9
“Look, there’s threats to my life, people wanting to buy it from me—I just want to be left alone! Why is that so hard? Why does everyone have to bother me? And it’s just for the piece of armor my stupid uncle left me!”
She was on her fourth cup of wine. Pisces his second. He ate silently as Selys gnashed down a bite of food. Selys paused.
“I didn’t meant that. Uncle Zel—it’s not about him! That’s the problem! I just—I didn’t ask for this!”
“Some might call it good fortune.”
“Yeah? Tell that to the back of my head! And how good is this fortune? Am I just supposed to sell the armor? Get rich?”
“That’s the theory, yes.”
Selys snarled.
“I’d do it in a heartbeat if I didn’t think it would get me in trouble. But everyone wants it. If I sell it to one person, I get in trouble with everyone else.”
“A tricky conundrum, yes. But you would be rich.”
“Rich doesn’t help if everyone hates your guts!”
“You seem certain that would be the case.”
Selys rested her head on her hands and nearly poked herself in the cheek.
“It’s politics. I’ve seen it happen. If you’re not a patriot to your city, if you’re not a good Drake—you get treated like a traitor. If I get in trouble in Pallass for instance, I’ll get blacklisted until the end of my life and treated like a criminal. I don’t need that kind of drama.”
“And yet, you have an obligation to do something with the armor. Surely there is an optimal choice for you.”
Pisces’ reasonable tone made Selys angry. She jabbed a fork at him.
“What would you know? No one likes you! And everyone wants to be my best friend now!”
She paused. Pisces looked hurt. It didn’t show in his face, but his eyes reflected it. Selys paused, ashamed, and her tail drooped.
“Sorry. I didn’t mean—I’ve had a hard day. You have no idea how bad it’s been.”
“I might, actually.”
Pisces shifted in his chair and got up. He walked past Selys to fill his cup—not with wine, but with some water from a jug. It was stale. He grimaced, but sipped it anyways. Selys looked at him, confused.
“How do you mean?”
The [Necromancer] sat awkwardly, resting his weight on Selys’ kitchen table. He studied Selys.
“Well, it’s true that I am a pariah in Liscor. But I would argue you seem to be one too, although your fortunes are the inverse of mine.”
“What?”
Selys sort of got what Pisces meant, but the wine was making actual cognition difficult. Pisces saw this and flicked his fingers.
“Let me speak plainly. I attract attention because I am a [Necromancer]. A criminal. An undesirable element and perhaps not least, a Human. This is not a new experience for me. I have long been a noteworthy individual worthy of contempt. However, you are the same. Everyone knows you as the bearer of the Heartflame Breastplate. A Drake inheriting Zel Shivertail’s will. They all want something from you. But they do not care about you, do they?”
“No. They don’t.”
Selys bowed her head. She was just an ordinary person, changed by circumstance. Pisces nodded.
“So. I understand the feeling. It is not pleasant, even if the attention is envy, or intrigue, I imagine.”
“No. How do you deal with it?”
The young man pondered the question for a moment, sipping from his cup.
“There are many answers. Many personalities would react differently. I ignore the scorn. I weather hatred as ignorance. I am myself. I will not change for societal pressure. But you do not have that luxury, I fear. They want your inheritance.”
“They can have it. It’s no good to me.”
Selys slumped at her table. She heard Pisces sigh. He sat across from her.
“That attitude is defeatist.”
