5.18 S
Page 22
Ilvriss turned to Selys, looking exasperated. She shook her head.
“I still want to earn money off it. More money, I guess. Come on in!”
She raised her voice and the door opened. Ilvriss looked past Selys and up as a giant head appeared. A half-Giant head. Moore stepped carefully into the room, bending so as not to bang his head on the ceiling. Jelaqua strode in after her and Seborn appeared at their backs. Selys shook Jelaqua’s hand.
“You’re serious about this?”
The Selphid stared at the armor. Zevara and Ilvriss, catching on, stared hard at Selys. The [Receptionist] just nodded.
“I’m willing to lease the armor to your team, Miss Jelaqua. Lease, not sell.”
“For the dungeon? How would that work?”
The Selphid scratched at the back of her head, her claws brushing the spines. Her tail twitched and Selys wondered if she could hiss using her body’s new throat. They’d figure something out if not.
“It’s very simple. I’ll let you use the armor to take on the dungeon—or any missions in the area. You’d have to give it back to me after a set amount of time, but you can use it until our contract expires.”
The Halfseekers stared at each other. Seborn raised a hand.
“And if we lose it or it breaks? We’re adventurers. Accidents happen.”
“If you can find something that can break the Heartflame Breastplate, I’d love to see it. From really far away.”
Selys folded her arms. She nodded at a book that Pisces had found for her.
“I’ve been doing some research. With Pisces. Possession of artifacts is very clear. Under Drake law it means that if you die with the armor on in the dungeon, it’s mine. If it’s stolen, it’s still mine. Only in war does that rule not apply. If you lose it in the dungeon, I’ll hire someone to get it back.”
“And it’s not likely to break. Alright. But what happens to you in the meantime? I’ve been hearing rumors that lots of people are targeting you. I’d hate to get my team involved in…”
Jelaqua looked around at the other Drakes and hesitated.
“…politics.”
“That’s a good point. Miss Selys, your life would be danger if—especially if you lent the armor to adventurers.”
Ilvriss looked like he was struggling to find a flaw in Selys’ plan. The Drake [Receptionist] just smiled. She looked at Pisces who gave her a self-satisfied smirk.
“Pisces had an idea about that, actually. It’s the kind of underhanded thing I would expect from him.”
“I shall take that compliment in the spirit with which it was given.”
“Explain.”
Zevara looked at Pisces. It was Selys who replied.
“In the event of my death, the armor doesn’t go to anyone in my family. No matter what I say, no matter what I might sign, it’ll go straight back to Magnolia Reinhart. With instructions on how to use it. That will is good for ten years, at which point I’ll have to renew it or write another one.”
“Back to—”
Ilvriss spluttered in horror at the thought. Selys imagined that would be the reaction of most Drakes. She nodded.
“Back to her. I can’t change it no matter what. That will is solid and sealed by a Wistram Mage—”
“Falene. Pah. As if I couldn’t do the spellcasting myself given a moment’s time to study—”
The Watch Captain of Liscor ignored Pisces. She studied Selys seriously.
“And if she has you killed? Magnolia Reinhart uses [Assassins].”
Selys gritted her teeth.
“Then she’ll have to get through every Drake who cares about the armor to get me. And I’d say one Human [Lady] being after me is better than six Walled Cities pulling me apart, don’t you?”
Ilvriss had the decency to blush slightly. He looked around and sighed.
“Ancestors. You’re serious about this, aren’t you?”
