5.18 S
Page 6
“Thank you for saving me.”
It was the first time she’d gotten to say it. Pisces shook his head slightly.
“It was nothing.”
“Really?”
False modesty was somehow annoying on Pisces, who was often the exact opposite of modest. Selys raised one of her brows at him. He caught her glance and smiled slightly.
“Well, it wasn’t nothing. But I considered it my responsibility. I did invite you to enter Pallass. I should have considered the risks.”
“The risks. You mean, more of that might happen?”
“Perhaps. You are the inheritor of the armor.”
“Yeah. Damn it.”
Selys closed her eyes. All this, and she’d only held the armor for a day! She was about to ask Pisces who he thought had hired the Drakes when the door opened and Venim walked in.
“Apologies for the delay.”
He glanced at Pisces and nodded to Selys.
“We’ve arrested the surviving Drakes who kidnapped you, Miss Shivertail. We’ll interrogate them—after they heal up a bit.”
“Oh. Thank you. Do you know um, who told them to get me? Or was it just them?”
Venim hesitated.
“That’s unclear. The Drakes didn’t say much—well, only one was conscious, so we’ll have to rely on truth spells when the other two wake up. We’ll charge them for kidnapping and attempted extortion, but my guess is they’re just hired [Thugs] and [Rogues].”
“Do you have any clues as to who might have organized their kidnapping of Selys?”
Pisces leaned forwards over Venim’s desk. The Drake Watch Captain frowned at Pisces.
“No. It could have been anyone.”
“Anyone?”
Selys’ heart sank. Venim nodded.
“You are the owner of the Heartflame Breastplate, Miss Selys. And while I’d like to assure you of your safety…things are moving quickly in Pallass. I’ve informed Watch Captain Zevara and she’s requested that you immediately return to Liscor. I just need the rest of your statement and your…bodyguard’s before you go.”
“My who? Oh, Pisces? He’s not my bodyguard—”
“Oh. Then what was he doing in Pallass?”
Venim frowned at Pisces. The [Mage] smiled calmly.
“I came through. No one stopped me, so I assumed the passageway between Liscor and Pallass was free for public use on this day.”
“You just walked through?”
“Mm, yes. In a crowd.”
The Watch Captain flicked his gaze to Selys, who shrugged, keeping her tail still. Venim grunted.
“Well, the door is open, but I’ll have to ask you to refrain from visiting Pallass without requesting permission first, Mister…Pisces.”
Pisces bowed slightly, smiling.
“Oh, I believe I’ve had my fill of Pallass. What do you think, Selys?”
Selys looked around. Her head didn’t hurt. But she had a headache now. She raised her clawed hand.
“I think I’ve had enough too. Can I go back to Liscor now?”
 
—-
 
A large group had formed in Erin’s inn, waiting for Selys’ return. Watch Captain Zevara, Ilvriss, Tekshia—and a member of Liscor’s council! He was the Guildmaster of the Merchant’s Guild and he practically knocked over Pisces when Selys walked through the doorway.
“Miss Shivertail! I’m terribly glad to see you. What an affront, to be kidnapped while walking Pallass’ streets? I want you to know that Liscor did everything in its power to ensure you were found as soon as—”
“Thank you, Guildmaster Fleiss. Please, give Selys some room.”
To the [Receptionist]’s relief, Zevara stepped in and forced the heavyset Drake back. She nodded to Venim.
“Thank you, Watch Captain.”
“My pleasure, Watch Captain.”
He saluted her and left. Selys looked around, bewildered, as the others clustered around her. Erin tried to push past Fleiss.
“Selys, are you okay? I heard about what happened! Are you hurt? Did you—”
