5.18 S
Page 16
“I thought [Receptionists] were supposed to be welcoming.”
“Not in the Adventurer’s Guild. And it’s my day off. How many more do I have?”
Selys sighed. She was tired. Zevara shook her head.
“None for now. Ilvriss declined to take up your time. He just wants you to remember—”
“He’ll buy the armor. Yeah, yeah. And if I sell to him, Pallass might send an arrow into my skull.”
Zevara grimaced as she chewed.
“That’s a threat. I’d like to say it’s an idle one. If they do that, it’ll be a war.”
“Doesn’t help me if I’m dead. All these Drakes—you know, Oteslia offered me thirty thousand gold pieces and food for life? Just that. Food. They’ll feed me. What am I, a [Gourmet]?”
“It’s hard to compete with sheer wealth. Salazsar is rich, Oteslia less so. Other groups will offer you different incentives.”
“One of the Drakes offered me slaves. Is that legal here?”
“It’s rare, but not unheard of. There are strict rules about them, though.”
“Whatever. I don’t want slaves. I don’t want Wistram’s lesser artifacts or the gratitude of Liscor’s army. What should I do?”
Selys looked pleadingly at Zevara. She wasn’t that much older than Selys. Maybe seven or eight years at most. But the Watch Captain felt older. Zevara hesitated.
“I have no idea, Miss Selys. It’s a tricky situation with a time limit, as you know.”
“How long do I have?”
“I’m not sure. Wall Lord Ilvriss is protecting the armor and I believe his escort can ward off any potential thieves. I have Relc and Klbkch on guard duty as well, but Wall Lord Ilvriss is a member of Salazsar when all is said and done. There is some question about him influencing you…”
“Politics. He helped us defend Liscor.”
“My thoughts exactly. And he hasn’t given me any reason to doubt his word. It’s just that giving him aid—and by proxy, Salazar—would put Liscor in a tricky spot, especially with this doorway to Pallass. I can’t make a decision for you, but you should know what might occur.”
Zevara offered Selys a sympathetic look. She glanced at Selys’ empty cup and reached for the tea pot.
“You could just sell it. The amount of gold you’d get from an heirloom like that would set you up for life.”
“But if I sell it to Ilvriss—”
“Sell it to Wistram. Or the army. Those are the safest bets. They might not be able to outbid a larger city, but you’ll get the least amount of trouble for it. I think we Drakes would be happier if none of us had it, rather than one of us.”
“Great.”
Selys buried her head in her hands. Zevara looked at her and cleared her throat a few times.
“Look at it this way, Miss Selys. Make a decision and you’ll be rich for life.”
“However long I have left.”
There was nothing Zevara could say to that.
 
—-
 
It was too hard. Selys lay on her grandmother’s desk, groaning. Her grandmother looked at her, and then pushed her off.
“Ow!”
“I have work to do, Selys. This is your day off. Enjoy it.”
“How? I can’t go anywhere without an escort, and I have a magical artifact under lock and key! What am I supposed to do?”
“Stop lying on the floor. It’s dirty.”
Selys got up. She felt wretched.
“What do you think I should do, Grandma?”
“Sell it. Or give it away. I don’t particularly care.”
Tekshia sighed as Selys groaned and flopped back onto her desk. She rapped Selys on the head with a knuckle.
“You’re making too much of a fuss about this, Selys. The armor is armor. You’ll make enemies no matter what you do, so take the best deal and live with your choices! I had someone after my head when I was eleven! You’ll manage.”
“But Grandma—”
