5.19 G
Page 0

He is coming. He is nearly here. He is coming. He calls. He is a Lord and he calls your name.
Garen—
The Goblin awoke. He lay and stared up at the dark stone ceiling overhead for a second, and then rolled out of his bed. The rough, woven mattress barely bothered his thick skin. He had wool and cloth, scavenged or stolen to make it warmer and more comfortable, but it was hardly luxury.
In this place, other Goblins slept on silk blankets stolen from merchant caravans carrying goods from as far away as Chandrar. But this Goblin liked the simple, undecorated room he lived in. It was bare, without comforts. A warrior’s room.
The Goblin walked over to a pile of clothes and grunted as he kicked through them. Goblins didn’t bother with laundry unless something was really dirty, and many considered clothing an option rather than a rule in most circumstances. However, this particular Hobgoblin was used to wearing clothes and so he dressed himself before putting on his armor.
Simple leather armor. Worn down, but flexible. Unenchanted. In times past, he could remember wearing heavier stuff. However, most Goblins fought in rapid, brutal offensives. Speed mattered more than protection. If you got hit you were dead. And if you were up against enchanted weapons, leather made about as much difference as steel plate.
Clothing. Armor. The Hobgoblin looked around. His crimson eyes were weary as he rubbed at them. But that was a weakness he only showed in this room. By the time he pushed open his door—another sign of his rank—he was wide awake.
“Redfang.”
There were Goblins waiting for him. Two—one a regular Goblin, short by Human standards, and the other, a Hob, thinner than he should be but wiry with muscle. Both male. Garen grunted at them and they nodded.
Guards on his room. Another odd thing in this place. Posting two of his followers at his door had been a hard choice for him. It wasn’t like Garen had anything to steal. And he didn’t want to give away the impression he was afraid of being attacked in his sleep—Garen was confident he could kill anything creeping into his room. Nevertheless, he’d given in. It was a symbol of authority, and while it wasted time, his faction expected it of him here.
His faction. This place! Garen growled under his breath as he stalked the halls. Goblins were always up and about here. The small ones avoided him, rushing about with their work. The Hobs gave Garen space as well. They were Hobs and he was a Hob, but only a fool would have thought that meant he was on their level. And Garen had killed enough fools to make his point already.
This was the mountain. Dwarfhalls Rest, the former home of Dwarves in another age. Now, a Goblin bastion, home of the largest tribe in the north. The domain of the self-styled Great Goblin Chieftain, Tremborag.
And the tribe that had ignored the Goblin Lord’s summons. Here waited those who had refused to join him, who hated everything he represented. Garen bared his teeth and a Hob thought twice about walking near him and edged to one side of the corridor. But not all Goblins in this mountain were alike.
He was Garen Redfang, and if Goblins had anything close to a legend or hero, it was he. His name was famous. Once a Gold-rank adventurer, the only Goblin to ever hold that rank. Garen had infiltrated Human cities under disguise, taught himself to speak. And when he had left civilization he built a tribe like no other, a tribe of warriors trained in his image. And he had settled in a place Goblins called death. The High Passes.
