5.19 G
Page 1
As Goblin Chieftains went, Garen stood above all the rest. Or he should have. His tribe was powerful, and Garen was as strong as any Gold-rank adventurer.
And yet, he had come here. To another Chieftain’s hold. To join with another tribe, fleeing the Goblin Lord’s advance. Because—his tribe wasn’t nearly large enough to defy the Goblin Lord alone. If that were all, it would have mattered little. But there had been an unexpected complication. A young Chieftain, a genius whose talents were a mirror to Garen’s. Young, weak, inexperienced, but able to command a tribe far larger than her own with her ability to command, to lead, to think. Garen’s fist clenched.
Rags. The small Goblin from Liscor. She had left the mountain, claiming Garen was no true Goblin. And she had taken her tribe, many of the tribes he had gathered, and his tribe. His warriors. Over two thirds of them had gone with her. Those that had remained had refused to fight their traitorous kin. They had suffered Garen’s rage that day.
Power, fame, influence. These were Human concepts. In another place, in another tribe, it wouldn’t have mattered. Garen was Chieftain. The idea that his tribe, his warriors, would leave him was impossible. But in this place Goblins learned treachery and to think of things in terms of gain and loss, and not the good of the tribe. They replaced loyalty with ambition.
Politics. In the mountain, Garen was one of many Goblins with the rank of Chieftain. There were multiple Hobs with that status, with the drive and ambition to have tribes of their own. Yet all were somehow part of the same tribe, underneath the Hob that had created this anomaly. The Great Chieftain.
Tremborag.
It was to this Goblin that Garen strode, despite the early hour. The burning certainty in Garen’s mind made him too restless to sleep. He had felt it. The Goblin Lord was coming. Like a blazing bonfire growing brighter, drawing closer, his army was marching on the mountain. Garen felt this knowledge in his core, in his bones, in his very soul. And if he had felt it, Tremborag surely had.
The mountain was not quiet. The halls echoed with Goblin’s chatter, the pounding of Tremborag’s Goblin [Smiths], the creak of the wooden bridges crisscrossing the mountain enduring the weight of hundreds of bodies every minute.
And screams.  Oh yes. Not Goblin screams either, most of them. There were Humans and other species in the mountain. Prisoners. Captives. Some kidnapped, others captured during a raid or battle.
Women. Females. Garen tried to block out the sound. But two voices stood out from the rest. He heard male voices, shouting in agony. Garen remembered them.
Gold-rank adventurers. A scouting team, sent from one of the local cities to investigate this place. News of a Great Goblin Chieftain had shaken the Human cities’ complacency, and they had begun connecting the Goblin raids over the years, wondering if the villages, cities, and towns raided over the last decade could have been the work of one tribe.
So they had put out a request to scout the mountain and a Gold-rank team had taken it. Why not? It was dangerous, but the pay had been provided for by multiple cities. They could always run. And they were Gold-rank adventurers. What could Goblins do to them?
