5.20 G
Page 13
Pyrite looked up at her, and then at Sir Kerrig, standing to one side. Thoughtfully, he spat out a mouthful of yellow gemstone fragments—and a bit of blood. He wiped at his cut mouth and looked at the [Knights].
“Why did that happen?”
Neither of them could speak.
 
—-
 
Rags was just watching the tribe pack up when she felt someone casting magic. She turned her head and saw a flash of magic. From Pyrite. She gaped as he put his hand to the earth and turned it into mud. Whatever magic he’d cast lasted a fraction of a moment—he and the female [Knight] sank into the earth and stopped there. Rags stared and then ran over.
“What?”
The female [Knight] was shouting that word. Rags ran up and kicked Pyrite in the back. He was extracting himself from the ground. He turned.
“Chieftain?”
“What that?”
He rubbed at his back and shrugged.
“Magic shiny rock. Has magic. Can use.”
“How?”
“Chew.”
Rags stared at Pyrite. He mimed chewing and then reached into his mouth with a frown. He extracted a bloody fragment of topaz and grimaced.
“Sharp. Not fun.”
“You can use magic in stones? He cast a spell—or did something! But he’s no [Mage]!”
Welca was pointing at Pyrite, horrified and awestruck. Pyrite just shrugged. Rags looked at him.
“How learn?”
He pondered the question.
“Learn long time ago, Chieftain. Try to eat stones. No good. Can do things with stones if chew. Hard. Not worth doing. So stopped.”
He shrugged, pragmatic as always. Rags stared at him and then pointed to his sack.
“Got more?”
“Mm. Want one? Got many colors. Which one?”
Rags hesitated.
“Give red one.”
“Want big?”
“No.”
Rags waited patiently as Pyrite fished about in his sack. He produced a shining red ruby half as large as her fist, a tiny, luminescent pink-and-cherry gemstone, and a lively currant red gemstone that had yet to be cut out of the rock surrounding it.
“Are those—”
Welca inhaled sharply. Sir Kerrig leaned forwards.
“That’s a ruby, but the gem there—is that a pelica gemstone?”
Rags looked blankly at the tiny, shining pink gemstone he was pointing at. She looked at the three gems and pointed at the biggest one.
“Give ruby.”
Pyrite obligingly handed it over. Rags weighed it in her hands, impressed at the color and polish. It did have magic in it! Just like Pyrite had said—you had to hold it to feel it, but there was magic inside! Could she take it out without breaking the stone? Could she put magic in?
The Hob seemed to sense the gemstone was important. He looked at Rags.
“Good talk. Chieftain. Magic is hard.”
She looked at him. That was what they’d talked about? She raised an eyebrow as she glanced at the [Knights]. Both were watching her speculatively.
“Talk about magic?”
“Mm. And peace. And Goblins and Humans.”
Rags laughed. Peace? She scornfully glanced at the [Knights]. The older male one looked away. Peace? They’d killed her Goblins, her tribe! And she’d killed theirs. She was all for avoiding fighting with Humans, but that was by being strong and smart. Peace with Humans? Rags thought of Relc. She thought of Human adventurers, of the village and the dead Goblins lying where they had been slaughtered.
“Peace? No peace.”
She turned away, trying to put the ruby in one of her belt pouches. It made everything sag, so Rags decided to store it away with her things. She hadn’t known Pyrite had so many useless stones. They were pretty, but only children collected them. It was just another of his weird habits. Then again, these stones might actually be useful. Rags considered her new prize and nodded to Pyrite.
