5.20 G
Page 8
“It was because Goblins were raiding that the town did that.”
Welca seemed to feel the need to excuse the slaughter somehow. Pyrite nodded.
“Goblins raid. Because Humans kill.”
“We only kill because Goblins are a threat! You kidnap and rape and steal and murder!”
“I don’t kidnap. Or rape.”
Pyrite’s voice was calm. He squished the soap into a ball and took a bite out of it.
“Sometimes steal. Sometimes kill. Can’t live otherwise. Humans kill Goblins. Goblins kill Humans.”
It was like talking in a circle. Welca’s angry intake of breath was cut off as Sir Kerrig leaned forwards.
“Can there be peace between Humans and Goblins?”
“Maybe?”
The Hob shrugged again. He was out of soap. So he began to eat the wax paper. It didn’t seem like he was hungry—he was just mechanically eating, as if not eating were boring. He spoke as he shredded up the wax paper and munched on it.
“Some Goblins raid Humans. Some Humans kill Goblins. Not all. This tribe only kill Humans when fight. Some tribes never kill.”
“That’s impossible. Goblins always—”
Welca yelped as Sir Kerrig kicked her in the ankle. He leaned forwards.
“Really?”
Pyrite nodded.
“Was Chieftain. Goldstone Tribe. Never fought Humans.”
“You were a Chieftain?”
“Mm.”
The two [Knights] exchanged a glance. Once again, Pyrite waited without elaborating. It was Welca who asked a question next. She couldn’t help herself.
“Goldstone? Why was your tribe called that?”
Predictably, Pyrite shrugged.
“Gathered gold stones. For fun.”
“What? That’s it?”
Welca’s skepticism put a frown on Pyrite’s face for the first time in the conversation. He grunted, stood up. The [Knights] watched him warily. Pyrite paused, farted. Welca recoiled.
“Sorry.”
Pyrite fanned apologetically at his backside and walked off. Sir Kerrig coughed. It was a…floral scent in the air, horribly corrupted by other smells. He looked at Welca.
“Did that question offend him?”
“I have no idea! Sir Kerrig, why are we talking to a Hobgoblin?”
“I don’t know. But isn’t it fascinating that he’s able to respond? His command of our language was rough, but he answered every question!”
“It’s not fascinating, it’s disturbing. Goblins speaking our language? What next? And what was that question about peace, Sir Kerrig? What about Velan the Kind?”
“If there’s a chance, Welca, I’d rather see less death, especially if this tribe takes the offensive. Maybe if we—”
“Hold on. It’s coming back. He—I mean.”
Welca pointed. Pyrite had walked off. Now he was returning with a large hemp sack. It was quite old and very dirty, but it had no holes. Pyrite sat back down next to the two [Knights]. He rummaged in the dirty sack as Welca edged back as much as she could. Sir Kerrig waited curiously. Neither Human was prepared for the glittering, shimmering nuggets that shone in Pyrite’s hand.
“Gold!”
The raised voices attracted some attention from the main Goblin tribe. A few Goblins looked over, grunted, and looked away. Pyrite held up a handful of shining gold nuggets. Sir Kerrig gaped until he realized something.
“That’s not gold. That’s—pyrite.”
Pyrite grunted and smiled. He was holding nuggets of pyrite, the crystalized, hard fool’s gold glinting and rubbing together. Flakes of it fell to the ground as he placed it on the ground. Then he reached into his bag and pulled out another handful. Pyrite, pieces, larger hunks, and there, gleaming among the fake gold—
“Is that a nugget?”
