5.20 G
Page 6
She wished she had a spellbook. Or Pisces. Magic was so difficult when there was no one to explain it! And Rags wasn’t good at intuitive magic, self-taught like the way Noears and the other Goblin [Mages] cast spells. She liked books. She liked reading.
Of course, she liked being a Chieftain more. Her ears perked up as Redscar rode towards her. Rags walked towards him as the Goblin leapt out of his saddle. She didn’t notice Pyrite wandering over to the Humans. They weren’t particularly interesting. What could Pyrite possibly have to talk with them about?
 
—-
 
“Thank you for talking with me. And thank you for assisting us earlier.”
“No need.”
“Excuse me?”
“Bad goblins. Disobeyed orders. Punished. No need thank.”
“I see. Well, you have my thanks regardless.”
“Mm.”
They sat in front of each other, eating fish. Pyrite’s was cooked with bones and eyes intact—Sir Kerrig’s had been deboned first. They were wrapped in thick, broad leaves to keep the temperature and by his side, Sir Kerrig saw Welca peeling off the skin of her fish with a look of disgust. She was used to travelling, camping in miserable conditions, and so forth, but always on pre-prepared rations. Welca was a typical [Knight] in that she went on quests, expeditions against monsters. She didn’t live off the land.
The fish was tasty, if slightly bland. The seasoning was light and hunger was the best spice for this meal. Sir Kerrig sat cross-legged as Pyrite casually swatted at a fly and crunched on the bones of his fish. The Hob ate his fish, the leaves that had held it, and then pulled out a bundle. He opened it and produced several rich, fragrant soaps. Welca stopped eating and stared. Her mouth dropped open as Pyrite began eating the soap.
“What in the name of…?”
“Welca.”
Sir Kerrig nudged her. He stared, fascinated, as Pyrite began consuming the soaps, biting off pieces and grunting in satisfaction. The [Knight] cleared his throat and Pyrite looked up.
“Sir…Pyrite?”
“Mm.”
Pyrite’s ears twitched slightly. He seemed to enjoy being called by his name. Sir Kerrig stared at him. He was so quiet, so patient. He’d spoken very little when he’d come over with the fishes, save to speak his name and warn them the fishes were hot. Still, that alone had seemed so…normal.
“My name is Pyrite.”
“Fishes are hot.”
The second sentence was crude, but each word was pronounced correctly and the Hob didn’t stumble. He seemed to be at ease sitting with the Humans, although he kept glancing from Welca to Kerrig. There was nothing for it but to talk. So Kerrig did. He took a deep breath, and spoke.
“What does your tribe want of us, Sir Pyrite?”
The Hob paused in chewing a piece of soap. He swallowed, burped unapologetically, and then shrugged.
“Don’t know. Chieftain decides.”
Welca and Sir Kerrig exchanged a quick glance.
“Do you want a ransom? It may be that Lady Bethal would consider it. But she had no idea we’re alive—”
“Mm. Not really. Chieftain doesn’t want. She decides.”
“So we’re prisoners then? For…?”
Sir Kerrig’s voice trailed off. Pyrite stared at him, shrugged.
“Chieftain decides.”
That was a dead end. Sir Kerrig nodded.
“I understand. Then may I ask another question?”
“Yes.”
The Human paused. Pyrite looked up, face blank. Not a hint of laughter was on his face, not the smallest glimmer of a smile. And yet, it was there, right in his eyes. Sir Kerrig felt himself flailing, off-guard. Welca was just staring. Was this a Goblin? Was this a Hob? Unintentionally, Sir Kerrig asked the important question, rather than a trivial one.
“What does your tribe want? What do Goblins want?”
“To live.”
