5.20 G
Page 10
The Hob grunted as both Humans stared at him incredulously. He held up a big piece of Pyrite which shone in the light filtering down from above.
“When Humans come to attack tribe, used this. Toss at adventurers. Or army. Big stone, or many small ones. Shiny red stones, blue stones…makes stop. Causes big fight.”
Sir Kerrig tried to imagine the Hob heaving pieces of gold at an attacking army. Welca made a disbelieving sound.
“That works?”
“Mm. Sometimes.”
“You mean, you threw gold and pyrite at Humans to get them to fight over that? And—shiny red stones? Do you mean rubies?”
“Rubies?”
Pyrite looked blank. Sir Kerrig tried to explain. Pyrite nodded.
“Shiny red stone. Is ruby. What is shiny blue stone called?”
“Sapphires. At least—some kinds of sapphires are blue.”
“Sapphires.”
Pyrite savored the word thoughtfully. He frowned and fished around in his sack. This time he produced a cobalt-blue sapphire gem, the size of an egg.
“Here.”
Welca’s eyes went round as Pyrite offered her the polished sapphire. She nearly reached out to take it, stared at Pyrite, and yanked her hands back. She glared at him, but her eyes kept flicking to the sapphire he held. The Hob waggled it in front of her.
“Take.”
Slowly, Welca held her hands out. Pyrite dropped the stone into her palms and Welca nearly dropped it. She held it up.
“Dead gods. It’s polished! And cut!”
“Mm. Lots of work.”
“You did that?”
Sir Kerrig stared at Pyrite. The Hob nodded. He flicked his fingers at the stone.
“Many stones. Learn to make shiny so Humans fight harder. You want?”
He addressed Welca. She jumped.
“Want? You don’t want it back?”
“No. Keep.”
The young woman stared at him, at a loss for words. Sir Kerrig knew that Welca was a third daughter. Her family had to have gems, but one this big? Perhaps, but the odds of one being passed to a younger daughter was—his fingers twitched and Pyrite noticed.
“Want?”
He fished in his bag and came out with a piece of polished turquoise. He offered it to Sir Kerrig.
“Are you sure?”
The [Knight]’s fingers trembled as he stroked the lovely gem. Pyrite didn’t care so much about shape as much as shine, so the gemstone was somewhat lopsided, but you’d only see quality of this kind in a shop for [Mages] seeking stones for magic, or a high-class [Jewelers]’s. It was certainly nothing Sir Kerrig would ever own himself. But Pyrite just nodded, as if it meant nothing for him to give away.
“Many. Can find in mountains. Not hard.”
The two Humans stared at him. The Hob smiled. He looked slightly proud that his gemstones were the subject of so much attention. Sir Kerrig remembered what he’d said. Human bait.
“Question.”
It was Pyrite who asked a question. Both Humans stiffened and Sir Kerrig carefully lay down the piece of turquoise.
“Yes? I—we would be happy to answer any questions you have, Sir Pyrite.”
He glanced at Welca. She opened her mouth, nearly fumbled the sapphire, and closed it. Pyrite nodded.
“Good. Question. Magic. How does it work?”
Sir Kerrig paused.
“What do you mean, how does it work? Are you asking about how it functions? How magic spells are created? Or cast?”
“Mm. No.”
Pyrite shook his head. He pointed across the tribe of sitting Goblins, at Rags. She was sitting on a log, shooting flames upwards and scowling as Noears talked with her.
“Magic. How?”
“How what?”
Welca’s eyebrows crossed as she started to get annoyed. Pyrite looked at her and scratched his head.
“How everything?”
 
—-
 
