5.20 G
Page 12
Somehow, Welca found herself talking with Pyrite. Somehow, Sir Kerrig found himself chatting to the Hob about combat tactics and what it was like being a Goblin. Somehow, they had a normal conversation in the swamp, as bugs buzzed around them and the tribe’s lunch ended and they began to pack up.
It was surreal. But somehow, it felt like they were just talking to a stranger. A green, heavy stranger with a sack full of precious gemstones, and crimson eyes. Named Pyrite.
“Why don’t you use magic if you know how? Why don’t you have the [Shaman] class?”
“Want to be [Mage].”
“Why?”
Pyrite shrugged.
“Shamans concentrate hard. [Mages] use spells like…”
He gestured, flicking his hands.
“Easy. Want that. Too hard to dodge and use shaman magic. Small tribe magic not any good anyways. Also, no other Goblins want to be [Shaman].”
“Why not?”
Pyrite paused.
“Humans kill Goblin [Mages] first. Big target.”
And then there was that. Every so often, every few minutes, the conversation would grind to a halt for a moment. The divide between Goblins and Humans would appear in the most innocuous of place. It hung over the three of them, Sir Kerrig most of all.
You killed us. You kill us. We will kill you and you might kill us. But we’re all sitting around like people. We call you monsters. And you—speak. You gave us gifts.
Pyrite had more questions about magic, questions so simple and yet so complex that neither Welca nor Kerrig could guess at answering them. Why are spells cast from the hand? How can spells be written down? What is a mana potion made of? Why does it work? And perhaps his biggest question—why is there more magic in some places than others?
“How do you know that’s the case? You can’t prove it! How do you know?”
Welca was impatient. Pyrite kept returning to this point, again and again. The Hob stared at her and spoke.
“Magic more here.”
He tapped his chest.
“Than here.”
He waved at the air. Welca frowned.
“That’s…sort of true. But that’s because you’re a person! Things don’t have much mana.”
“Why some things have more mana than others?”
“Like what?”
“Like enchanted things. Like swords and shields. And shiny stones.”
“What? Gemstones don’t have more mana in them! Do they?”
Pyrite nodded. He reached into his sack and this time pulled out a yellow stone. Not gold, but a topaz. It was polished, and the depths were darker. Pyrite showed them the gem.
“Has more magic than this. Why?”
He tapped the pyrite on the ground. Bemused, Welca looked at Sir Kerrig.
“I don’t know. Maybe a [Mage] would know.”
The Hob grunted in dissatisfaction.
“Noears not know. Why magic in stone? Why magic in stone want to be something else?”
“Want to be?”
“Mm. Like this.”
Pyrite held the topaz up to the light. Slowly, he regarded the sparkling depths of the topaz. Then he popped it into his mouth. Welca heard a sharp crack and then the loudest crunching sounds she’d ever heard in her life. She yelped and nearly told him to spit out the gemstone before he hurt himself. But Pyrite chewed deliberately and then held up his hand. He placed it gently on the ground and said one word.
“Sink.”
His eyes flashed yellow. Sir Kerrig leapt to his feet—just in time. The wet ground, already soft, began to turn to liquid. Welca shouted in alarm as she and Pyrite sank into the earth. She thrashed as the ground began to engulf her lower torso. Pyrite held still, his hand and body sinking into the mud. Then, suddenly, he breathed out and Welca felt herself stop sinking into the ground. She yelped as she struggled to get up and found her legs had sunken into the earth.
“What was—how did—”
