5.20 G
Page 9
Welca’s breath caught in her chest. Pyrite glanced dismissively at the duller gleam among the pyrite. It was a gold nugget as thick as two of the Hob’s fat fingers put together and nearly as long. Welca stared at it. Pyrite picked it up.
“Hm. Nugget?”
“That means a piece of gold. That is gold, isn’t it?”
“Nugget. Mm. Yes. Is gold.”
Pyrite shrugged.
“Worthless.”
He inspected the gold nugget carelessly and tossed it into the mud. The pyrite gleamed as Pyrite held it up.
“This is better. Lighter. Shiny.”
“What?”
That seemed to be Welca’s phrase of the day. She stared at the pyrite and then pointed at the gold nugget.
“How is that worthless? You could sell this and buy something! Armor! Weapons! Enchanted goods!”
“Humans can. Goblins can’t.”
Pyrite shrugged, which was his action of the day. He turned his head and Sir Kerrig jumped as he saw several Goblin children had crept up on them, attracted by the glitter. They fled when the [Knight] looked at him, but a few of the braver ones edged behind Pyrite. One pointed towards the gold nugget. Another grabbed for it.
The darting hand was quick, but Pyrite was faster. He held up the thieving Goblin child and spoke a word in their crude language. The Goblin child shrieked as Pyrite tossed him—no, her—over his shoulder. The child landed lightly, and then got up and gabbled at Pyrite. She pointed at the gold nugget, clearly desiring it. Pyrite replied without turning his head. The child stomped her feet and then ran off into the swamp.
“What was that about?”
Welca looked blankly at the child. Sir Kerrig looked away. A Goblin child. You saw them in tribes. Not usually among warriors. But when a Goblin tribe had to be eradicated, there were always the children at the end. It was easy if you had [Mages]. They could just cast a spell. Otherwise you had to chase them down, and it was with a sword that you had to—
No one talked about that part of duty. After the first time, it was…easier. Welca had yet to participate in that exercise, Kerrig was sure. He saw Pyrite staring at him and turned his head. Before he could muster the courage to say anything, before he could push away memory, the Goblin child was back. She had a bowl filled with something black and squirming. Welca took one look and nearly leapt backwards.
“What is—”
“Tadpoles.”
Pyrite inspected the full bowl approvingly. The tadpoles had been washed with water, although they were still slimy and wet. They wriggled about in the air, many already still and lifeless. The Hob grunted and the child held it up. She spoke a word and he nodded.
The Hob held the gold nugget out to the Goblin child and in front of Welca’s disbelieving eyes, exchanged the gold for the handful of wriggling tadpoles. Pyrite grunted as the child ran off, cackling and holding the nugget aloft to show to her friends. The Hobgoblin began popping the tadpoles into his mouth, one by one. Welca turned green and gray with horror.
“You can’t eat those!”
“Hmm.”
Pyrite thought about that as he swallowed.
“Can.”
Oblivious to her horror and Sir Kerrig’s lurching stomach, he scooped several of the black things up and popped them into his mouth. When he chewed both Humans had to look away. A short recess ensued until Pyrite finished his bowl. When he had put it down Sir Kerrig pointed at the pyrite lying on the ground.
“You said it’s useless? So your tribe collected the stones for…fun?”
Pyrite nodded, and then seemed to reconsider. He shook his head instead.
“Not always worthless. Sometimes useful.”
“How?”
“Human bait.”
