5.20 G
Page 17
Sir Kerrig stared at Pyrite. The Hob was marshaling a group of Hobs armed to the teeth. He was holding Sir Kerrig’s battleaxe. The smile was gone from Pyrite’s face and he looked nothing like the Hob that had sat with them, showing off his collection of gemstones. As the evening light played off his face and he turned, his red eyes searching, he looked like a monster.
But Kerrig had seen his humanity. The [Knight] got to his feet, his unused muscles protesting.
“We have to try. Welca, stay behind me.”
Grimly, the [Knight] took a few steps forwards and heard a warning sound. The Redfang Hob standing next to his wagon looked at him and lifted his spear threateningly. Sir Kerrig pointed towards Rags.
“I want to speak with your Chieftain. Will you allow me to go to her?”
The Hob considered this. He glanced at his companion, another Hob, and they grunted at each other. Then the Hob went and poked a smaller Goblin. That small Goblin wandered into the crowd, poked another Goblin who poked another and—
Rags was at the center of attention, snapping orders, pointing, sending rows of pike Goblins to various locations. But as soon as the Goblin had begun poking the others her head turned and she looked straight at Sir Kerrig. She snapped an order and hopped onto her Carn Wolf and rode straight at him.
The Carn Wolf was huge and smelled the excitement in the air. It huffed and growled at Sir Kerrig as it bounded over. Welca tensed, but Sir Kerrig held his ground.
“Chieftain Rags! I beg an audience!”
“What?”
She glared at him. Sir Kerrig hesitated. He looked up at her.
“May I ask whom you are preparing to attack?”
Her eyes glinted.
“Humans. Big army marching down a road.”
Sir Kerrig heard Welca mutter an oath. He looked up at Rags.
“Can I convince you to refrain from attacking the army? They have not noticed your force. You could easily evade them.”
She stared at him.
“No. They hunt Goblins.”
Sir Kerrig felt a chill run down his back.
“Your people?”
Rags shook her head.
“They hunt Goblins. Another tribe. So. We hunt them.”
She grinned savagely. Angrily. Sir Kerrig hesitated.
“Can you not drive off the Humans army without bloodshed?”
“Why? They spill blood. We spill theirs.”
Rags growled, her smile vanishing. She stared at Sir Kerrig.
“Humans kill Goblins. Goblins kill Humans. Humans do not leave us alone.”
“I know. But—”
Sir Kerrig tried to reach for the words that would matter, the words that would calm Rags’ fury, convince her to relent and simply scare off the Human host. He was no [Diplomat], no [Courtier]. But he had seen the civilized nature of the Goblins, the humanity showing through. If he could just—
Welca interrupted him. She glared up at Rags and spoke harshly.
“Do you think slaughtering Humans will stop us? If you kill them, we’ll be forced to kill you!”
Sir Kerrig closed his eyes. He heard a growl, and then the small Goblin shifted. She leaned down towards Welca, her teeth bared.
“Kill us? Humans always try to kill us. What new?”
The [Knight] stared into Rags’ eyes, her face pale.
“You don’t have to do this. You could be merciful.”
Rags laughed. It was a mocking, loud sound. One full of regret, disdain, longing—too many emotions to count. She turned and looked at Sir Kerrig and Welca, almost sadly. Rag shook her head.
“Mercy? They started it.”
And then she turned and rode away. And her tribe followed. All the [Knights] could do was watch.
And listen.
 
—-
 
