5.20 G
Page 11
So the [Knights] explained magic to the Hobgoblin. They sat and talked about it. None of them could cast magic. Welca had very little aptitude so she had decided to be a [Knight] instead of a [Mage]. Sir Kerrig hadn’t been tested so he’d never learned. And Pyrite had too many questions. And try as they might, Welca and Sir Kerrig didn’t have enough answers.
“Magic is a fundamental force in this world. It is a part of everything, to some degree.”
“Why?”
Sir Kerrig paused. He knew enough about magic from spending time with [Mage Knights] in Lady Bethal’s service. Of course, he knew more practical lessons like how to survive a [Fireball], but he still understood magical theory. Except that some questions were just…
“It just is. Magic is a constant in the universe. Mages can draw on it to cast spells.”
“How?”
“They harness it!”
Welca looked annoyed. She raised a hand and a slight breeze blew towards Pyrite. He furrowed his brows and stared at her hands.
“See? There! Magic! Most species have the talent!”
“How, though? How can harness?”
“They exert their willpower and magic obeys.”
“Why?”
“Because—it just does!”
“Where does magic go when used?”
“It takes the shape of what spell was cast.”
“Where new magic come from?”
“From…people? Plants? The ground?”
“Why?”
“It just does! People produce mana. Plants produce mana. Just a tiny bit, but enough in most cases! Mana’s everywhere. Some places it’s stronger, other places it’s not.”
“Mm. What does it want?”
“What?”
“What does magic want?”
Pyrite looked from face to face. Welca and Sir Kerrig traded glances. Welca was the first to speak in a strained voice.
“Magic doesn’t want anything.”
“Mm. It does.”
“No, it doesn’t.”
Pyrite shrugged. It seemed to be his response whenever anyone said something he found silly. Welca inhaled, choked on a flying bug, and started coughing. Pyrite sighed. He looked around wistfully. The swamp was filled with insects and Sir Kerrig had already given up on counting his bites. Pyrite didn’t seem to mind the bites on his skin. He rumbled a complaint as Welca spat out the bug.
“Magic makes no sense. Goblin magic makes some sense.”
“Goblin magic?”
“Mm. Like this.”
Pyrite turned and bellowed a word. A hundred Goblin heads looked towards him and several of the Redfang Goblins on watch jumped to their feet. Pyrite shouted a few more Goblin words as Welca and Kerrig winced at his volume. The Goblins stared at him. Pyrite shouted a word at them. The Goblins all nodded and turned back to what they were doing.
“What was—”
Welca gasped as Pyrite turned and held out his hand. A ball of flame erupted from his palm, bright and hot, chasing away the bugs around him. Pyrite held the flame, tossed it up, and then flicked it. It soared past Welca and Sir Kerrig as they ducked, and splashed onto the ground. There it burned for a few seconds before going out on the wet ground. Calmly, Pyrite brushed at his palms as Welca stared at him.
“What was that?”
“Goblin magic.”
“Shamanism. Tribal magic.”
Sir Kerrig’s voice was only slightly shaken. He looked at Pyrite.
“How did you do that?”
The Hobgoblin shrugged. He pointed backwards at all the Goblins he’d shouted at.
“Fire. Told them to think of fire.”
“And why does that work?”
“Because Goblins believe.”
“What? That makes no sense! How does that make fire?”
“Because they believe. Why does magic spell make fire?”
“Because—wait, hold on. That’s not fair!”
Pyrite smiled. Sir Kerrig stared at the smile and found it human. Despite himself, he smiled back.
 
—-
 
