5.21 E
Page 16
“Well…I suppose I have no choice. In that case, I would simply like to extend you my warmest gratitude for your hospitality, Emperor Laken. You see, Thomast and I will be departing within the hour and while we would love to stay another night in your lovely, restful beds…we simply must go.”
The sudden change of topic nearly gives me whiplash.
“You’re going? So soon? I was under the impression you were travelling with the other nobles, Lady Bethal.”
She laughs lightly.
“I was! But Thomast convinced me it might not be in my best interests, so we will take our leave before they do. Honestly, he fusses so much about the company we keep…but yes, we will be going.”
“I see. May I send you an escort to my borders, at least?”
Another laugh. I just cannot read Lady Bethal’s voice or her posture—but for an instant I sense the thorny aura around her grow stronger. Caution?
“I fear I must decline. We’ll be moving swiftly, Emperor Laken. And I have two of my Knights of the Petal with me, and Thomast. No [Brigand] has ever troubled me.”
I consider this. It could be bad if she goes now. I have to ask.
“Then may I at least know the direction you intend to travel? As a precaution, you understand. I would hate for you to come to any injury on my lands and my patrols could at least ride ahead of you.”
Bethal considers my request and shrugs slightly.
“Mm. Very well. We’re headed west, I believe. We’ll be travelling by way of Yaist, perhaps staying the night there. After that…? Who can say?”
I think about that. West? Well then…I nod and smile politely.
“In that case, I can only give you my sincerest regrets for the dangers posed to your person while you stayed in my domain, Lady Bethal. And to you, Sir Thomast. I hope that you will remember me with fondness and that we may speak more in the future.”
Bethal laughs lightly.
“Oh, you are so polite for an [Emperor]! I am truly honored, your Majesty. Neither Thomast nor I take any offense. Although…would you consider selling us the tiny trebuchet? As a souvenir?”
“No.”
 
—-
 
Last but not least is Lady Bevia, and here I have to deviate from my meaningless platitudes because she has something I need.
“Lady Bevia? Might I trouble you for a small favor?”
“Of course, your Majesty.”
I smile and lean over the edge of my throne to Lady Bevia as she sips some tea. Lord Rael is not with her; he’s getting in more practice shots with the trebuchet. I understand it’s a competition now, and there’s over two hundred gold pieces riding on whomever can hit the targets placed first. At least the nobles are enjoying themselves.
“I understand you have a [Mage] among your escort that is capable of sending and receiving [Message] spells, Lady Bevia. Might I trouble you to borrow her for a small task?”
The old woman pauses and takes another sip from her teacup.
“That is a rather simple request, your Majesty. May I ask what this little errand might be?”
I smile.
“Of course, Lady Bevia. And I would be delighted to tell you—afterwards, that is. I trust your discretion of course, but I fear I cannot tell you ahead of time what I am planning.”
“Really?”
Bevia knows I’m blind so her eyes narrow just a fraction before she stops herself. She taps her ring finger gently against her cup.
“How long would I need to place my [Mage] in your care, Emperor Laken?”
“Two days at most. I would consider myself in your debt, Lady Bevia.”
“Hmm.”
She ponders my request for a moment and then nods.
“So be it. Take my [Mage], by all means. But will I receive a token of trust in the same vein, Emperor Laken?”
