5.21 E
Page 11
This time it’s Sacra who interjects a bit of strife into her tone.
“Emperor Laken, please be serious. You know that there is no peace—not between you and Lady Reinhart at least. She has surveyed your lands, tested you, and sent me to observe your qualities as a leader. She has been rightfully wary of you.”
“Why? Why am I so dangerous?”
It feels like everyone’s warned me of Magnolia Reinhart. She’s a cunning monster, a threat, a ruthless tyrant…Ryoka, Lady Rie, everyone’s afraid of her. But what did I ever do to bother her? Start a small empire? From what I understand, Magnolia Reinhart has a hundred times as much land as I do. But it’s Sacra’s response that puts it into clarity.
“Because you are an [Emperor].”
“Ah.”
Sacra stares at me. I sit back in my throne. My throne, where three months ago I was living in Durene’s cottage. Now I sit in my growing village, with trebuchets being built and nobles following me around, trying to curry favor. I can sort of see her point.
“Well, I suppose that would be alarming to a [Lady], particularly one of Magnolia Reinhart’s power.”
“Indeed. But she is prepared to put aside her wariness and offer you peace, Emperor Laken.”
“Peace. You keep saying that word, but what would that entail?”
Sacra spreads her hands.
“An immediate cessation of hostilities. No aggressive or hostile actions towards you or anyone in your domain without formal notification. Recognition of your sovereign rights. Support for your growing empire in the form of connections, trade, political support…”
That sounds good. Good, if a little vague. But I could see Magnolia Reinhart’s acknowledgement helping me deal with other cities, cementing my influence. I lean back in my throne as Durene shifts from foot to foot.
“And what would all of this cost me?”
Sacra smiles, confirming my suspicions. She holds up a finger.
“One request. For the next four months, you will refuse to sell your trebuchets or any other weapons of war to any other party in Izril. You will not gift them, or let the secrets of their manufacture be spread.”
I blink.
“She wants that?”
“Yes, your Majesty. It is a simple request. Afterwards you would be free to pursue whatever business interests you please.”
I frown. Why would four months matter? I eye Sacra, wondering if she’ll answer and don’t bother with that question. Instead I ask the more pressing one.
“Assuming I did agree, what guarantee would I have that Lady Reinhart would keep her word? A contract? Paper and ink are poor reassurance, I feel.”
The [Maid] standing in front of me gives me a slight frown, as if I’ve asked a truly stupid question.
“Lady Reinhart would hardly trust this to a verbal agreement, Emperor Laken. She proposes signing a binding contract, enforced by magic. It is quite common among the nobility when trust or a grave matter is at stake. It would of course be authenticated by a third party—Wistram, for example.”
“I see.”
Crap, I should have known that was how things would work. I keep my face straight as I think of all this. No selling trebuchets for four months? It has to be too good to be true. I could still build them, refine them, market them to others…why wait for months? What does she get? I mull over the possibilities until I realize Sacra is taking something out of her pocket.
“Hey!”
Durene sees the motion and lurches forwards. Sacra withdraws a small letter and raises her hands.
“I mean no harm. I have a letter from my mistress, transcribed, of course. It is not dangerous in any way.”
“I’ll give it to him.”
