5.21 E
Page 19
Durene scrunches up her face, sighing and picking at the crumbs in the basket, muttering to herself.
“I don’t know. Crops? You were talking with Wiskeria about poisonous plants and all kinds of alchemical stuff you could sell just the other day. We could grow fields of that. Not that I want to pick poisonous plants by hand. You know she thinks nettles will sell really well? Nettles!”
I cover a smile. A [Witch]’s sense of value is definitely different than a farm girl’s.
“That’s true. We’re trying to cultivate some crops that [Alchemists] will buy up, but we have to feed ourselves first, Durene. Mister Prost will expand the fields as fast as he can, but that’s a long-term investment. What else do we have?”
She scratches at her head.
“Um…land?”
I laugh. Durene fidgets, embarassed.
“I told you I don’t know!”
“No, no! I’m laughing because you’re right, Durene! That’s true! The surrounding area isn’t nearly as developed as some places further north. But Izril is vast, Durene. And unused land is cheap, so long as you can protect it.”
“So it wasn’t right.”
“But it was a good idea. Come on, you can do it. What else do we have?”
“A…military? You can protect roads and charge people money because it’s so safe!”
I nod seriously. Durene is going through all the ideas I had. She’s not slow at all and I’m not as smart as people think I am, not by half. But I do have an advantage…
“That’s right. Assuming we could protect all our land, we would see more trade and people headed towards us. But that relies on us having a truly powerful army and ours is growing—”
I break off and grimace. I have the ability to levy soldiers, but the core of my army, my people are a few dozen [Riders] and a group of infantry who have seen only a handful of battles. My adventurers make up the best part of that force and they’re few in number. And yet—I turn my thoughts northwards.
I can levy a force. I can call on towns and cities and have them send me a few [Riders] each, a handful of [Archers], maybe some [Warriors], and that’s without there being a crisis. I can form an army—but I will need a bigger one. But perhaps for now…
“Laken?”
“Huh? Oh, sorry, Durene.”
I realize I’ve stopped talking and clear my throat.
“You’re really close. But what’s the last thing we have, Durene? The last big thing?”
“Trebuchets?”
“No…but you’re really close. It’s related to them.”
“Um—um—is it—oh! Our [Engineers]! You can get Tessia and the others to build bridges and mills and all kinds of things!”
Durene’s face lights up and I give her a small hug.
“Almost right!”
“What? I got it wrong?”
“Not wrong…but I don’t just mean the [Engineers], Durene. I mean what they do. Engineering.”
There are some crackers at the bottom of the lunch basket. Durene slowly reaches down and takes one. She crunches it down.
“Okay. You—I mean, we have [Engineers]. But our big secret is engineering.”
“That’s right.”
I wait, triumphant and hear a munching sound as Durene cautiously eats another cracker. She thinks for a while longer.
“…Isn’t that the same thing?”
“What? No!”
“It sort of sounds like it. What’s the difference?”
Crestfallen, I try to explain.
“Durene, do you ever wonder why people in this world suddenly get good at something? Like how someone who can barely cook can suddenly make all the basic recipes?”
The half-Troll girls thinks about this as she searches for another cracker.
“Mmm. Nope.”
“Really? It’s not weird how they can suddenly know how to cook, or fight?”
“No! They get a Skill, what’s weird about that?”
I shake my head. I guess it does feel natural to someone in this world.
