5.21 E
Page 9
She was hurrying, her heart pounding with anxiety and determination. Not fear or at least, not much; she had a plan and she trusted her [Emperor].
Her [Emperor]. What a thought! But he had proven himself ten times over, and this latest crisis just showed Wiskeria how right she was to place her trust in him. What would have happened if he hadn’t been there to warn them all days in advance? What would have happened if…? She shook her head.
Wiskeria was hurrying, but she slowed as she saw the woman in the black-and-white frilled dress walking towards her. Sacra’s face was calm, austere, the perfect image of a [Maid]. But there was still a trace of Odveig in her, brash and confident. Seeing her was a shock that put her duties out of Wiskeria’s mind for a moment. The [Witch] slowed and adjusted her pointed hat. Sacra paused as well and the [Witch] and [Maid] regarded each other in the dirt street.
“Wiskeria. I’m glad to see you’re doing well.”
“Odveig.”
“Sacra, please. That is my true name, although I understand that you might be confused after knowing me for so long.”
The [Maid] smiled. Wiskeria did not.
“There’s not much to understand. A traitor and a spy is a traitor and a spy, no matter how well you think you knew her.”
Sacra’s smile didn’t vanish, but it did fade a fraction.
“A traitor? I admit that I deceived you, Wiskeria. But I never intended to cause you or my team harm. I saved you from Emperor Laken’s suspicion as you recall.”
“He was only suspicious of me because you were spying on him.”
“True.”
Sacra shrugged her shoulders nonchalantly. Wiskeria stared. Odveig would have blustered or cracked a joke. She didn’t have half the calm aplomb that this strange [Maid] did. And yet she shifted her stance the same way. Her face was the same. Wiskeria gritted her teeth.
“Tell me, was it all fake? All of our close encounters, the way we stood by each other? Was all that just an act?”
“Would you like me to say it was?”
The [Maid] raised an eyebrow. Wiskeria waited, folding her arms. Sacra sighed.
“Wis, I—”
“My name is Wiskeria.”
“Very well. General Wiskeria, I was your friend. And I was your team leader. And I was a spy. I can be all these things at once. I regret fleeing, but I had a mission that transcended friendship. And I have duties that carry me back here.”
Wiskeria thought about tossing fire at Sacra’s face and seeing if her uniform caught on fire. But she held back. Sacra was probably far deadlier than Odveig had ever been.
“Rather tactless to send the same spy that was uncovered, isn’t it? Is Magnolia Reinhart that crude?”
“Not at all. She’s being honest. If she wanted to alarm Emperor Laken, she’d send someone whom he had no idea of. He knows I am a spy, so he won’t waste time with subtleties. There are at least three people watching my every move.”
Three? Wiskeria had heard Laken ordering two people to shadow Sacra. The [Witch] turned [General] filed that information away. Sacra regarded her a moment and then bowed.
“I’d love to talk more, but I’m afraid I have pressing business, Wiskeria. As do you, it seems.”
“What are you doing?”
Wiskeria’s hostile tone had no effect on Sacra.
“I must meet with Emperor Laken. Lady Reinhart has considered his reception of the nobility and his little demonstration of this morning and sent a response.”
She held up a letter. Wiskeria opened her mouth to ask what was in it, hesitated, and turned. She’d wasted too much time and Laken’s name had reminded her of what she had to do.
“I wish you the best of it. Not that I think his Majesty will receive you warmly.”
