5.22 G
Page 15
“No, Nesor. Tell her to pull back and treat her wounded. The plan is a success. Tell her congratulations and to prepare for another message within the hour. Understand?”
I sense Nesor’s pale face nod towards me. The [Mage] closes his eyes and his lips begin to move, forming the words he’s sending via [Message] spell. He’s a poor caster so it takes him laborious minutes to send my words to Wiskeria’s [Mage]. And even longer to hear her reply.
“She says that she understands and is holding. Emperor Laken?”
He looks at me, sweat rolling down his head. I can sense his fatigue, smell his body odor. He’s kept me in constant touch with Wiskeria this last hour and the effort has taxed him. I nod and rise.
“That’s enough. Good work, Nesor. Take a break; I’ll handle things from here.”
“Thank you, your Majesty.”
He breathes a sigh of relief and slumps in his chair. I look around the dark house. This is Wiskeria’s home, unfurnished in large part. It’s quiet. Dark. I don’t need illumination so I haven’t bothered to light a candle despite the late hour. It must be close to pitch-black for Nesor, but I navigate my way to the door with ease.
“Get some rest. Here.”
“Here? But isn’t this—”
“I may need to speak to Wiskeria again. Sleep here, Nesor. Eat if you need to—but be ready for the morning. I need to speak to the others.”
I pause, thinking. Nesor’s worn out.
“Verdammt! I need to send those [Message] spells. Nesor, send a brief [Message] to Wiskeria and see if Lady Bevia’s [Mage] can do it. If not—”
“I can do it, Your Majesty. I think…if I have a mana potion.”
Nesor fumbles weakly at his belt. I nod.
“Good. In that case, I’ll rely on you.”
I pause at the door.
“Excellent work, Nesor. Lady Rie will be proud, I’m sure of it.”
I sense a smile light up Nesor’s face.
“T-thank you, your Majesty.”
He slumps back in his chair and drinks half his mana potion. After I leave. I watch him with my [Emperor] senses for a few minutes as I stride through the village, but he seems fine. I had wondered if he’d be up to the challenge, but he came through. And it worked! My heart is beating too fast, and I feel blood thundering through my veins, though I haven’t done anything. All I could do was watch.
But I felt like I was there. I saw Beniar and my Blacksky Riders sweeping through the Goblin camp. I saw Wiskeria’s brew do its work, blinding and suffocating the Goblins while her [Archers] shot Goblins from afar. Damn that Hob and those mounted Goblins. If they hadn’t attacked, we might have—
No, focus. This is enough. I have to make the next part count. I stride towards a familiar person in Riverfarm, wrenching my attention away from the Goblins. I can still sense them, on my lands, regrouping, salvaging their ruined camp. They’re still there, many of them. Thousands. But less now. A good number less.
“Prost?”
The man turns and I sense he’s holding a torch.
“Emperor Laken? Is everything…?”
“Fine. The plan’s worked, Mister Prost. Have you called the others?”
“Yes, your Majesty. They’re all there. Some are complaining, but only to each other.”
“They’ll shut up as soon as I tell them. Come.”
I nod and Prost pushes open the double doors to my meeting hall. The audience chamber is cramped with all the [Lords] and [Ladies] present, but they turn as one and give me room to stride towards my throne. I sense Durene in the crowd, and Lady Rie. Both hurry towards me.
“Laken, what’s going on?”
“Your Majesty? Mister Prost summoned us all here—disturbing several nobles from their beds! May I ask what—”
“Silence, Lady Rie.”
