5.22 G
Page 8
Her words were soft, tempting. Desperate. Rags saw that in her as well. Bethal spoke quietly as Rags fought.
“There is nothing to be gained from killing me. The cost would be too high. But if there is a chance—are they truly alive?”
The crossbow was heavy. Rags lowered it slightly.
“Yes.”
“Are they close? Unharmed?”
“Man is. Female ran. She—”
Rags heard a horn blare in the silence. She jerked. The Goblins around her raised their weapons. The mare danced and Lady Bethal turned as the [Knights] and her husband moved forwards. She looked north, back the way Rags and the Goblins had come.
“What was that?”
Rags didn’t know. She heard the horn blow again, frantically. Three short blasts. A distress call! She looked at Bethal, suddenly afraid.
“What you do?”
“Nothing.”
The woman looked taken aback. Rags lifted the crossbow and saw the man’s grip on the rapier shift. Pyrite lifted his axe. Bethal held up a hand.
“I swear it! On my house and name!”
Rags held her gaze. She turned. Redscar was looking back. The horn blew again, and another one blew, desperately. Rags looked at him. Redscar snarled.
“Chieftain. Trouble.”
They had to go. Rags hesitated. She looked back at Lady Bethal. The woman was watching her. Rags pointed.
“Redfangs! Move!”
The wolf riders dashed into the forest, howling. The Goblins on foot shifted. Rags leaned out of her saddle and snapped an order.
“All go back! Fifteen Hob and half crossbows stay!”
The warriors rushed backwards, leaving only a handful of Hobs and a lot of Goblins with crossbows. They kept their weapons trained on Lady Bethal. Rags turned—Pyrite grunted and pointed. She nodded. He ran. She turned to one of the Hobs in charge and lowered her voice.
“Aim at her. If attacked, run.”
The Hob nodded, glancing at the frozen Humans. Rags sat back upright and snapped at her personal escort.
“Ride!”
She kicked her wolf and it leapt into the forest, following the Goblins running around her. Rags turned her head back and saw Lady Bethal staring at her. For a moment their gazes locked, and then Rags was racing ahead, running. The camp was only a short distance away. What had happened? What—
She burst through the trees and saw shadows flickering through the trees. No light. Just shadows. Flickers of light caught her attention—burning embers from scattered campfires, fallen torches—but no light. She heard Goblins screaming, heard the pounding of hoofbeats—
Hooves? Goblins rode wolves! She turned and saw a Goblin scream as a shadow passed by. A dark shape slashed and Rags saw a sword flash. The Human rode past her, trampling a Goblin. Not one Human. Many Humans! They rode, shouting and cutting down Goblins around her, too fast to track in the near darkness. She heard them screaming.
“Laken! Laken and the Unseen Empire!”
“Riverfarm!”
“Follow the Captain! This way!”
She saw a rider in full steel armor whirl and turn. He cut a Hob across the face as the Goblin ran at him and the riders following him speared the Hob. The armored rider pointed and the Humans on horseback charged forwards again, running over Goblins and Hobs alike.
But that was wrong! Rags gaped. Where were her warriors? They should be in formation, fighting! There couldn’t be more than a few hundred riders here at most! Where was—
“[Light]!”
Rags called a ball of searing white light into being and threw it up. The shimmering orb flew up through the trees and cast the shadows into relief. Rags looked around and saw what she’d failed to see before. There was something in the trees, drifting past her.
