5.22 G
Page 5
A cry came from ahead of the two, startling Bethal. She saw both of her Rose Knights riding back, furiously spurring their mounts faster. Dame Truvia pointed into the trees as another howl echoed—this time from their rear.
“Goblins, milady! A score of them in the woods, all riding Carn Wolves!”
“Carn Wolves? But those are—”
“The same Goblins we faced a week ago! They must have driven south! We had no word of them—”
“There are more approaching on foot! We’re surrounded. Sir Thomast, your orders?”
Both [Knights] looked to Thomast rather than Bethal. The [Chevalier] looked around.
“They’re already to our rear?”
“A score of them, sir. The ones on foot are coming from ahead and to the right.”
“We ride back. Bethal, follow me!”
Sir Thomast turned his mount and Bethal did likewise. She kicked her mare in the flanks and the horse shot forwards. Sir Nil and Dame Truvia raced ahead, but they got no further than a hundred yards when they cried out.
“Pull back!”
Lady Bethal jerked her reins and her horse screamed and nearly reared. Sir Thomast stopped his mount and Sir Nil shouted.
‘There are two dozen mounted Goblins ahead of us! More circling!”
“We’re surrounded.”
Lady Bethal looked around. The trees were full of movement now. Sir Thomast glanced at her. Sir Nil turned, his sword and shield raised.
“We can cut through. If Sir Thomast can ward Lady Bethal—”
“Lady Walchaís’ mount isn’t armored. She’ll be dehorsed before we cut through!”
Sir Nil bit back an oath, looking back at Bethal. It was true; neither she nor Sir Thomast was riding a warhorse and neither mount had any barding. He looked around desperately.
“Lady Bethal, let us draw them off. We’ll ride left and attack them from the side. Perhaps then—”
“Don’t be foolish, Sir Nil. They’ve already marked all of us. Goblins won’t abandon one target for another. We break through together or not at all.”
Lady Bethal cut him off calmly. She looked around. Sir Thomast was studying the moving forest around them. She turned to him.
“We were so busy trying to throw off anyone that might pursue us that we forgot to worry about them. The Goblins, I mean. It’s such a silly error, isn’t it, Thomast?”
He didn’t immediately reply. Lady Bethal turned around in her saddle. Her horse was nervous now; it could sense the approaching Goblins. Bethal tried to sound jovial, though her heart was racing. Goblins­—
“I wonder, was that why Emperor Laken was so concerned about which way we were going? Did he know, I wonder? We shouldn’t have lied to him. But I thought—”
“Bethal.”
Thomast’s voice made her grow quiet. He looked around and she realized the howling had stopped. Lady Truvia shifted.
“Sir Thomast, if we’re to break out—”
“We were already encircled. We defend my wife. Prepare to dismount and fight among the trees if need be.”
“Yes sir.”
“The Goblins will pursue us unless we make it clear it isn’t worth the effort. I will aim for their Chieftain; you shield her from all attacks.”
“Thomast—”
He turned, his rapier shining in the darkness. Thomast’s eyes were filled with worry. He reached out and gripped her arm. It was so unlike him that Bethal nearly gasped. A sign of the true danger. He looked at her.
“Stay with me.”
“Always.”
