5.23 G
Page 4
Lady Bethal listened to Sir Kerrig’s description of the attackers and his sojourn as the Goblin’s captives, watching the camp as she did. The Goblins were in chaos, but as time passed someone began restoring order. Patrols of Goblins began combing through the wounded and dead methodically, calling out when they found a living Goblin. They also gathered up the trampled supplies and ushering other Goblins back into the center of the camp.
“They’re on the march. The army that attacked them retreated, but I’ve no notion of where they’re based or what their numbers are.”
Sir Kerrig finished and coughed again. His eyes were watering and he poured a tiny amount of the healing potion into his hand to splash at his eyes. Dame Truvia looked at him with concern.
“The poison smoke you described. You were caught in it?”
“Briefly. I immediately escaped when I noticed, but it was powerful enough to kill anyone trapped inside long enough. Most of the Goblins escaped, but they’re unable to breathe or see at the moment.”
“These attackers. Did you see their insignia?”
The [Knight] shook his head in reply to Sir Thomast’s question.
“No, and I have no idea where they came from. I thought perhaps Heldeim, a city to the east of here, but that would be unlikely. They have a small garrison. More to the point, they’re inexperienced, lacking a high-leveled officer of any kind. Hardly able to execute this kind of attack.”
He hesitated, wiping liquid out of his eyes.
“I did hear them shouting some kind of war cry. It was ‘Emperor Laken and the Unseen Empire’. But I’ve no notion…”
He broke off as Bethal gasped and the others shifted. He looked questioningly at Bethal.
“You know them?”
“We just visited them. It’s a small village and the surrounding area. There’s an [Emperor] there. Thomast, you don’t think…?”
Bethal looked at her husband. He nodded.
“Emperor Laken introduced us to his [General]. You remember her? She was a [Witch]. They know how to use poisons.”
“A night-time ambush using poison? Hardly befitting of an [Emperor]!”
Dame Truvia frowned. Sir Nil glanced around.
“Ideal for a larger force, however. Sir Kerrig described only a few hundred [Riders] and mounted [Archers] and warriors. They’ve slain several times their number, at least.”
“It was the absence of their Chieftain that presented the opportunity. Had she been here—”
Sir Kerrig was speaking urgently, pointing to the Goblins. Now they had formed into units again. Bethal saw they were coming towards her and shifted uneasily.
“Sir Kerrig—”
Hobs and mounted Goblins riding Carn Wolves approached them. They formed a semi-circle between the Humans and the camp, staring at Sir Kerrig and then Lady Bethal’s escort. They had weapons, but they stared at the Humans blankly. Sir Kerrig looked wary and Thomast and the two [Knights] moved in front of Bethal again, but she didn’t see hostility in the Goblin’s eyes.
“Why aren’t they angry?”
The Goblins were staring at them. Just staring with a blank, empty gaze. They were aware of the Human’s threat, but it was like they were just going through the motions. Behind them, the Goblins searched their dead, the same empty look in their eyes.
“I think they’re mourning.”
