5.23 G
Page 1
Now would be the time to strike. Her [Chevalier], shifted his grip and Lady Bethal bit her lip.
“No.”
Her soft voice made the Goblins start. One of them accidentally pulled his trigger and fired straight at Bethal’s chest.
The bolt shot towards her. Bethal blinked. She didn’t have time to think of dodging—it was streaking towards her and then Sir Nil was there. The bolt shattered on his shield and the Goblins froze.
“Wastes!”
Dame Truvia lowered her spear, shouting in outrage. But Bethal’s voice stopped her and the Goblins shifting their aim.
“Stop! Don’t attack.”
She pointed and Truvia held her ground. The Goblins backed up a step, uncertainly aiming at her. Bethal turned to Thomast.
“They’ve left.”
That was apparent, but someone had to say it. Thomast never would. He nodded, watching the two Hobs. They stared at him with grim resignation, knowing they couldn’t beat him. Still, they held their ground, barking orders and making the smaller Goblins aim back at Bethal.
“Something’s attacked the Goblins. Not all those war horns sounded like Goblin signals. If there was a time to make an escape—”
“No. I want to see Sir Kerrig. If he is alive…”
Sir Nils started.
“You want to ride into that? Lady Bethal—”
“If there was a time to find him, it would be now, wouldn’t it? Say, you Goblins!”
The Goblins jerked as Bethal waved at them. They stared at her. Bethal raised her voice.
“I agree with your Chieftain’s demands. We will be your prisoners! Take us back to your camp!”
The Goblins stared. They looked at each other, and then at the two Hobs leading them. They were a pair, male and female. The Hobs glanced at each other and the female one grunted. She shouted in the common tongue, making Bethal blink in surprise. More than just their Chieftain could speak?
“Drop weapons!”
“No.”
Thomast calmly replied, edging his horse forwards. The Hobs raised their weapons. The male growled.
“Prisoners! Drop weapons!”
“No. We’ll keep our weapons.”
Sir Nil rode forwards and the Goblins instantly backed up again. There were thirty of them and two Hobs. One of the [Knights] could rout them alone and Thomast could do it with one arm. Bethal’s ‘surrender’ was meaningless and all the Goblins knew it. All they could do was shoot her and then be slaughtered. The female Hob eyed Bethal and then pointed.
“Sheathe weapons.”
The three armed Humans hesitated. They looked at Bethal and she nodded. The Hob waited until the rapier and sword were at Sir Nil and Thomast’s sides and Truvia had lowered her spear. She hesitated and then nodded. The Goblins lowered their crossbows.
“Draw sword and we all kill you.”
“Very well.”
Bethal inclined her head graciously, trying not to let her nerves show. Believe they’re reasonable. She had no reason to expect it of Goblins! But the Chieftain had spoken rather than slaughter her at once. She’d negotiated—and Sir Kerrig might be alive.
“Follow.”
The Hob grunted and led the Goblins into the forest without a backward glance. Bethal was sure that they were ready to turn, shoot, and then run if Thomast so much as sneezed. She nodded to her escort and they hesitantly followed her into the tree line.
“We should go instead, milady. Let Lord Thomast and I go ahead while Sir Nil remains on the road with you.”
“No, Dame Truvia. We go together. I hardly think this is a ruse. The Goblins had us right where they wanted us. Something’s attacked them.”
“And will whatever attacked them attack us?”
“If it does, we will deal accordingly. But I want to find Sir Kerrig. I thought he was dead, truly.”
