5.23 G
Page 22
They had no idea that there was little chance of that. The exhausted Goblins had almost all collapsed after eating their fill. The only ones on the walls were just there to look threatening; the Redfangs were the only group still active enough to keep searching the city for supplies. Pyrite leaned against the battlements as he replied to Quietstab.
“Bad city defense. Other tribes take cities. Mountain City tribe did.”
He was referring to the city they’d taken with Gold-rank adventurers. That had taken more planning, but it had happened. Quietstab nodded.
“But Tremborag leads. Great Chieftain. This time our Chieftain leads.”
“True.”
Pyrite thought about that. Rags led. She’d woken up. And just like that, things had changed. He felt—relieved. Ashamed. He hadn’t thought of this. But she’d woken up and like that she’d saved them.
“Can rest here. Hold walls against twice as many Humans.”
“Mm.”
Pyrite wondered about that. The Humans would come. There were thousands more coming and probably even more that would be angry about the city. They’d bought time, that was all. His ears perked up as he heard a grumbling complaint. Both he and Quietstab turned and saw Rags coming up the stairs.
“Chieftain?”
She had a bag in her hands. Quietstab made way for her and Pyrite eyed the bag. It was full of Rags’ possessions. He hadn’t ever seen inside, but it wasn’t filled with much.
“Chieftain. Want food?”
He offered her a handful of dried nuts he’d been snacking on. She glared at him.
“No. Help me up.”
She pointed and Pyrite lifted her up. Rags perched on top of the battlements, dangerously close to the edge. She didn’t care. She stared at the Human army camped far outside of range of the walls. They were watching the Goblins.
“Lots of Humans. Will attack if leave.”
“Attack them, Chieftain?”
“No. Will run. Probably. More coming.”
Rags grumbled to herself. She opened her cloth bag and glared into it. Then she hurled it at Pyrite.
“Where is? Search. Small red stone. Scary.”
Bemused, he opened the bag and rummaged through it. He found a battered chess piece, the ruby he’d given her, some battered pieces of parchment and then—
Pyrite inhaled sharply. Rags looked up.
“Give.”
She took the object Pyrite handed to her. Quietstab peered, interested, and then stopped as Rags looked at him.
“Quietstab. Get Redscar. Get Redfangs. Mounted ones.”
She glanced at the Humans in the distance. Pyrite watched her gaze, no longer complacent. Quietstab nodded, glancing at the thing she held.
“How many Redfang?”
“All.”
The Hob blinked. Rags glanced at him and he ran. Pyrite looked at Rags.
“Chieftain? What is that for?”
He pointed. Rags held the red stone up. It was shiny. A ruby gemstone. But the way it made him feel—she turned it and Pyrite’s stomach lurched. He looked at her face and his stomach lurched for different reasons.
“Bad things.”
Rags looked up. Behind her, in the city, Pyrite could see Redscar riding towards them. Rags looked at him.
“Not done yet. Pyrite.”
She pointed to the Humans beyond. Pyrite looked at her.
“What next?”
 
—-
 
“They’re coming out of the city!”
“Are you serious?”
This time Wiskeria didn’t wait for a reply. She shouted and every [Soldier] under her command leapt to their feet. The Goblins were attacking? She wavered between attack and retreat. How many? She paused as she saw—
“The wolf riders?”
They streamed out of the city, hundreds of them. But only hundreds. They formed into a wedge and raced out of the city, following a pair of short Goblins who rode forwards. Beniar growled.
“They’re making a break for it! Wis, we have to—”
