5.24 L
Page 6
“You’re not going to watch?”
“We’d love to. But I think we’ll get a chance later. And we have something Ksmvr’s insisted on doing.”
Ceria looked at Erin as Ksmvr rose. The Antinium was shaking, but he nodded to his team as the Gold-rank adventurers walked through the doorway into the rainy streets of Liscor. Ksmvr looked at Yvlon and Ceria. Yvlon looked worried.
“Ksmvr, are you sure this is what you want?”
“I insist. If I die, know it was in the service of my team.”
“Die?”
Erin looked confused. Lyonette stared at Ksmvr, a stack of dirty plates in her hand. She wondered what Ksmvr was talking about. She found out as she was washing dishes in the kitchen. It was hard to ignore the screaming.
 
—-
 
“Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa—”
Lyonette nearly dropped the plate she was washing the first time she heard Ksmvr screaming. It was coming from outside. She ran out of the kitchen and saw Mrsha staring out a window. Lyonette ran to the door and stared outside. The wet, rainy landscape and churning waters surrounded the inn. She heard the screaming cut off suddenly and looked around.
Where had it come from? She stared down to the water’s edge, where three shapes were standing as the rain pelted them. She saw them heave, and then she heard Ksmvr screaming again.
“Aaaaaaaa—put me back, put me back!”
He was flailing with his three good arms at the water’s edge. Lyonette saw Yvlon and Pisces look at each other, and then the two adventures slowly lowered Ksmvr’s head into the water. Instantly the Antinium began flailing. After a few second they pulled him out.
“Aaaargh! Aaaah! Water! Water everywhere!”
He screamed as water ran out of his mandibles. Lyonette saw Ceria shouting at him as she held his legs.
“Dead gods, Ksmvr! Just stop!”
“No! Put me back! I must conquer my fear!”
The other three Horns of Hammerad exchanged glances. Pisces shrugged and Yvlon nodded. They slowly lowered Ksmvr’s head towards the water. He began screaming before they even submerged him. His wild thrashing nearly made the three let go—they hauled him out.
“Put me back!”
“You’re struggling too hard! Ksmvr, this isn’t working! You panic if your head goes into the water, Ring of Water Breathing or not! We can’t hold you steady.”
“I see. Then drop me in!”
“What? You can’t swim!”
The Antinium jerked as water sprayed off his carapace.
“I must learn to enter the water. I disgraced myself by not joining the other adventurers in fighting underwater. I abandoned my duties!”
“You gave the ring to Erin. She used it!”
“I should have used it myself! I must learn to tolerate the water! Put me in!”
“Okay, but if you start screaming and thrashing, we’ll stop.”
“I will not scream. I may excrete all my bodily waste, however. Is that acceptable?”
“No.”
The Antinium was arguing with his companions as he continued his water tolerance training. Lyonette watched, trying not to laugh. She did feel some admiration for Ksmvr, she really did. But the sight of the Antinium screaming and panicking just looking at the water was funny. She understood why he was afraid, though. That put something of a dampener on her humor and Lyonette decided to get out of the rain—until she saw the white shape sneaking down towards the Horns of Hammerad. Mrsha stealthily snuck up behind Ksmvr as he was arguing with Yvlon and put her paws into the water. She splashed the Antinium from behind and Ksmvr screamed.
“The water is attacking!”
He tore himself loose and ran up the hill as Mrsha chased him, spraying him with water she was holding in her mouth. Lyonette laughed and then shouted.
