5.24 L
Page 10
Both Drassi and Ishkr gave Lyonette an insulted look. Lyonette returned it.
“I have to ask.”
Drassi twitched her tail.
“Some of my friends slack off a bit. Okay, half of them. But I can ask the good half.”
“And I would not betray Miss Erin’s trust. I could ask a handful of the Gnolls I know to work hard.”
“Do you think they’d leave their jobs to work here?”
“Depends on how much you offer them. A lot of them work part-time. You know, during the spring rains? They could be persuaded to quit—especially if they get to watch plays.”
Drassi gave Lyonette a toothy smile. Lyonette smiled back and did some quick math.
“Tell them that Erin will pay them one silver and two copper per hour for the next three days. After that, if they want to stay on they’ll be paid a regular wage. Less.”
“Whoa! That’s a lot of money!”
Drassi and Ishkr looked shocked. That was nearly as much as Erin had offered Maran and Safry, and that had been an exorbitant amount for their levels and Skills. But the inn could definitely afford it. Lyonette nodded.
“I want them working tomorrow. They can come in with you and learn how to work in the inn. Of course, Erin will pay you and Ishkr the same amount. And for all the times you’ve had to work overtime!”
“Really? That’s great!”
Both Drake and Gnoll looked delighted. Lyonette smiled at them. She was promising a lot, but both workers had been pulling long hours for the inn. She should have brought this up with Erin a week ago! But that was also the thing with Erin. She reacted to problems rather than think ahead most of the time. Lyonette got back to work with Drassi and Ishkr; the patrons were getting unhappy with dry throats. Like a flash, it was already evening and Lyonette was tending to a fussy Mrsha.
“I know you want to run, but you can’t go running about under the tables. You can sit and watch the plays or run about upstairs, okay?”
Mrsha buried her head in her pillow and made a whining noise. Lyonette sighed, but she didn’t have time to argue. She hurried downstairs just in time to see Erin greeting a familiar face.
“Hey Ilvriss, what’s up?”
Wall Lord Ilvriss, arguably the most important Drake in Liscor, glared at Erin but silently took a seat at a table. Lyonette winced as she rushed past Erin. She waved at Drassi who poured her a mug of Firebreath Whiskey and shoved it into Lyonette’s hands.
“You do it? Please? He scares my tail off!”
Lyonette nodded. She took the mug to Wall Lord Ilvriss and smiled.
“Your drink, Wall Lord.”
“Ah. Thank you.”
Ilvriss looked surprised at the prompt service. He looked around at his table.
“I assume more plays will be put on tonight?”
“Absolutely, Wall Lord. We have another performance of The Triumph of Liscor, and the Players of Celum will be putting on other plays throughout the night. I can ask for a list if you would like to hear it?”
“Hmm. Yes, do that. But first, orders. I will have your finest steak—well done, spiced as hot as your kitchen allows.”
He nodded at his table and the Drakes who’d come with him chimed in with their orders. Lyonette fixed all of the details in place in her mind and bowed again before hurrying off. Ilvriss looked slightly pleased when she brought him his food within five minutes of ordering—the steak was done, and Ishkr had only had to heat it up, fry it until it was further done, and dump as many spices as he could onto the meat. Of course, the other orders were also premade and ready, but Lyonette deliberately chose to hold off sending them to the table until Ilvriss’ plate was done.
