5.24 L
Page 9
Surprised, Lyonette glanced towards Drassi. The Drake winced and flicked her tail—a Drake way of apologizing. She must have mentioned the issue to Erin and the [Innkeeper] had abandoned the arguing [Actors] to immediately talk to Lyonette. The [Princess] nodded.
“We don’t have enough staff, Erin. I know we talked about hiring more. I think we need to, otherwise Drassi and Ishkr will be overworked.”
Erin chewed her lip.
“I know, I know. It was on my list but after Maran and Safry, I didn’t want to. You know?”
Lyonette nodded sympathetically. She paused.
“But we do need more.”
“I get it. Um…”
Erin looked around distractedly, as if new helpers would appear out of nowhere.
“I could ask Krshia for more helpers? And Selys? Or get some people from Celum…only I think I’m being boycotted by the [Innkeepers] there. I can ask around. But doing it today is sort of hard because we’re doing so many plays and I have to be here.”
The young woman looked around the inn.
“I know Drassi and Ishkr are tired, but I’ll pay them double if I have to, Lyonette. So…can we handle it for the next few days? I really, really need to have enough people serving the tables for our plays. I just don’t have time to find good people to hire—but you still take your break tomorrow with Mrsha! Kids first! But—”
“How about I find us some help?”
Erin stopped fretting and looked at Lyonette.
“You think you can?”
Lyon nodded. Why not? It wasn’t as if there was a lack of [Barmaids] and [Waiters] to hire. She gave Erin a confident grin.
“Leave it to me! You focus on the plays and I’ll figure something out.”
“You’re sure?”
“I am. And while I have you, can we do something about the door?”
“What?”
Erin looked blank until Lyonette explained about having to switch the door between Celum and Liscor constantly. And that was without factoring Pallass into the equation. She groaned.
“I didn’t realize it would be such a problem! Pallass barely gets used, but Liscor and Celum—look, I’ll try talking to Pisces, but he says I can’t make it move like Howl’s Moving Castle.”
“What?”
“I can’t make it automatic! Or rather, he can’t. It’s too hard and has something to do with enchantment bindings and limited spell matrix capacity and so on. It would be so much easier if we didn’t have to use Liscor’s door, but what can you do? It’s not like I can get people to swim here, right? Right?”
Erin grinned sheepishly. Lyonette wondered if she’d actually be able to do just that. Knowing Erin…
“Maybe there’s another way.”
“Maybe? If you think of it, let me know.”
Erin sighed. Lyonette heard someone call her name and Erin groaned.
“Gotta go. Tell me if the lack of employment thing gets worse, okay?”
“Okay!”
The two separated. Lyonette made a beeline for Drassi. Ironically, there was no bee in sight; Apista was up in Lyonette’s room with Mrsha, preferring to stay out of the way of so many people.
“Sorry about that, Lyonette. I just mentioned that I talked to you, and Erin was like ‘I’m going to sort this out right now!’ I didn’t mean to put you on the spot.”
“It’s fine, Drassi. Erin’s asked me to sort this out. Tell me, do you know anyone who might be free to work here?”
The Drake paused as she wiped sweat from her forehead.
“Me? Yeah, I’ve got tons of friends! So does Ishkr! Hey, Ishkr!”
The Gnoll paused as he headed towards the kitchen. He strode over and quickly convened with the two [Barmaids] as the diners waited for service. He nodded the instant Lyonette asked about other potential workers.
“I have a handful of friends. And acquaintances, yes? I could ask them.”
“They’re trustworthy? Hardworking?”
