5.24 L
Page 21
No one responded. By her side, Mrsha’s chest rose and fell. Apista slept near the window. Lyonette stared up at the ceiling.
It had just been an ordinary day. Just an ordinary day with ups and down and—she’s leveled four times. That was a lot. Was it because she reached Level 15 in [Barmaid]? Was it because she hadn’t been a [Princess] for so long? Because she’d given up?
No one answered. Lyonette stared up at the wooden ceiling over her head.
“It didn’t matter anyways. I never needed that Skill. I never leveled up. I never…”
She trailed off. Outside the rain fell. It pattered on the roof overhead. Lyonette listened to it, blankly. She didn’t feel bad. She didn’t feel sad. If anything, she just felt surprised.
“I lost my class. I didn’t know that could happen.”
She reached inside, searching for pain. For horror. For sadness. But she didn’t find it. She lost her [Princess] class. She was no longer a [Princess]. In name she might be, but in a real way, no, in the realest way she was no longer royalty. It didn’t hurt. Perhaps because she’d lost it long ago.
“Hm.”
Lyonette stared up at the ceiling. She couldn’t sleep. But neither could she find it in her to mourn. And eventually she fell asleep.
 
—-
 
The next day, Erin found Lyonette had gotten up before her. The [Barmaid] was cheerfully cleaning up the plates from last night’s play. She smiled as Erin blinked at her.
“Good morning, Erin!”
She kept her voice low as Erin waved blearily at her. A slumbering little ball of fur was lying on a table.
“Mrsha followed me downstairs. I couldn’t sleep.”
“Really? I could use like five more hours.”
Lyonette laughed a bit as she piled up plates.
“Well, I took a nap yesterday when I went out with Mrsha. And I leveled up last night so I stayed up.”
“What, you did? That’s great news! What did you level in?”
Erin brightened up. Lyonette smiled.
“I reached Level 15 in [Barmaid]. And uh, Level 4 in [Warrior]. And I got a Skill. [Balanced Posture]. I know that’s not much but considering that I haven’t been working for more than half a year at most, I thought—”
“No, that’s amazing! What’s your Skill do?”
The [Barmaid] shrugged, smiling, clearly pleased at Erin’s reaction.
“I think it gives me a better posture. I already had [Basic Footwork], but now I feel like I can’t trip.”
“Really?”
“Go on, push me.”
Lyonette invited Erin to push her. Tentatively, Erin did. Lyonette just shifted backwards. She let Erin push her, try to shove her onto one leg, and then let Erin give her a shove. Each time Lyonette had to take a step backwards or adjust her posture, but she was never in any danger of falling. Erin eventually managed to get her to windmill her arms—only by grabbing one leg and yanking it up. Even then, Lyonette felt incredibly steady.
“That’s so great! I mean, okay, it’s probably best for waiting tables, but I bet you won’t drop a bunch of plates.”
“That’s probably the best use I’ll get out of it.”
The young woman laughed as she agreed. By this time Mrsha had woken up. Not to be dissuaded, she had tried to upend Lyonette in her own way by tripping up the girl. It hadn’t worked. Now Mrsha raised her arms. Lyonette dutifully bent and picked her up.
“That’s really cool, Lyonette. Hey, we should celebrate! Nothing fancy—I bet you you’ll get more levels soon, but how’s a little party for Mrsha sound? We can go picnicking out in Celum! I can close up the inn for a while—maybe invite the others? We could all use some sunshine.”
“That sounds great, Erin.”
Lyonette smiled. She picked up the stack of dirty plates and Erin tried to stop her.
