5.24 L
Page 19
—-
 
“Lyonette! Thank goodness you’re back! It’s a disaster over here!”
The first person to greet Lyonette was Drassi. Lyonette blinked as the Drake waved a claw about frantically.
“It’s chaos over here! No one knows what to do! All of the Gnolls Ishkr brought are milling about and Erin’s busy with the building team with the bridge! They’re arguing and I can’t get my friends to pay attention!”
She pointed and Lyonette saw that Erin was at the center of a crowd of people vying for her attention. Some looked like laborers, while others were clearly [Barmaids] dressed for their job. Some were [Actors] and one was a stuffy-looking Drake waving a clipboard and shouting about Pallass.
“Hold on! Hold on! I’m trying to—stop trying to get my attention! First people first!”
Erin was trying to shout over the voices of everyone, sounding harried. There were too many people though and she kept getting distracted with each new problem that emerged. Lyonette heard angry shouting and saw that some of the customers were demanding food or drink. Others were just shouting for Erin to keep it down. Ishkr was trying to let people in from Celum and Liscor, Drassi was trying to wait tables and explain how everything worked to the female Drakes following her…it was a mess.
And for some reason, Lyonette felt good about that. Was that a good feeling to have? Probably not. But the sight of Erin turning to her in relief and shouting her name—it did feel nice. Because it meant that Lyonette was important. It meant that she was needed. And perhaps most importantly, it meant that Erin wasn’t perfect.
She was an [Innkeeper], someone who could connect to other people’s hearts, turn even the most taciturn of loners into a friend. She read people like books and created miracles and that made her a [Magical Innkeeper]. But if she had a weakness, just one, it was that she was no leader. Just a friend. And that was fine. Lyonette savored this precious knowledge for all of five second and then took a breath.
“Attention, everyone!”
Heads turned. Lyonette pointed.
“Miss Erin Solstice is extremely busy! Please form a line—I don’t care what order—and wait for your turn. No arguments. I said, form a line. Now!”
She didn’t scream. She didn’t wave her hands or stomp her foot. That was how a fool acted. Lyonette just gave orders and behaved as if they would be carried out. She promptly ignored the people who objected and headed straight for Erin. Half the people around the [Innkeeper] ducked as Apista buzzed over their heads. That helped too, of course.
“What’s the problem? Drassi first.”
“All my friends are here, all the ones who wanted to work, but they don’t know what to do! I’ve been trying to teach them, but—”
“Same here!”
Ishkr walked over. Lyonette nodded. That was simple. She pointed towards the kitchen.
“Drassi, show your friends where we keep the food and have them start passing around the popcorn in bowls to each table. Ishkr, can you show these Gnolls where our drinks are? Have them start filling mugs. We can help each other out once we’re sorted.”
“Got it!”
Relieved, the Drake and Gnoll hurried off, calling to their friends. At once half the shouting patrons stopped, realizing they’d finally get what they wanted. In the newfound silence, Lyonette turned to Erin.
“What else is wrong?”
“I’ve been telling these guys that I’m not hiring a team of adventurers just to watch them build my bridge! I didn’t know that was a cost!”
Erin looked exasperated as she argued with a [Foreman] or perhaps a [Fore Drake] who was supposed to be building the bridge. He growled.
