5.24 L
Page 20
“And how are we supposed to work without protection? Those waters aren’t safe to work in and we’ll be in the water some of the time! Just get the Gold-rank team that’s living here to watch us!”
“They’re busy! And I’m not hiring a Silver-rank team for two days straight! That would cost me too much gold! I told you, I have Hobgoblins—”
“We don’t trust Goblins to watch us!”
All the Drakes and Gnolls instantly burst out into angry protests. Erin folded her arms.
“They’re as good as any team of adventurers!”
That was another fault of hers. Erin was stubborn. She was relaxed about a lot of things, but issues like this—Lyonette listened to them argue for five minutes before offering her compromise.
“What about Hobgoblins and a Silver-rank team of adventurers?”
“What?”
The Drake looked confused. Lyonette pointed to the Horns of Hammerad, who were waiting in line for an unrelated reason that required Erin’s attention.
“If the Hobgoblins stand outside with you and the Horns of Hammerad remain in the inn, will that do? At the first sign of trouble they’ll come out. And we have an Antinium watching from above.”
“You do?”
“Oh yeah. We do!”
Erin grinned as Lyonette went to go grab Bird, who had been sitting in his watch tower and singing his rain song. The Drakes and Gnolls looked somewhat reassured by the Antinium. Ironic, but apparently an Antinium was better than a Goblin, especially to Liscor’s residents. Lyonette turned to Bird.
“Bird, if you see anything attacking the workers, tell us at once. Understand?”
“Yes, Miss Lyonette.”
“Is that fair?”
The [Builders] conferred, but eventually nodded and trooped outside. Lyonette beckoned the next person in line forwards and Erin sighed in relief.
“Lyonette, you’re a lifesaver.”
“I’m just doing my job.”
“I know, but it’s a good job! I don’t know what I would have done without you. Never go on vacation again, okay? Kidding! But not really.”
She smiled at Lyonette. The [Barmaid] smiled back. She turned back to work, pleased. This was her job. She was a helper at Erin’s inn. This was what she could do. She was no [Princess]. She had no servants or subjects. Just an inn, and a friend. She helped Erin sort out the rest of her problems, let the new workers take over for Drassi and Ishkr, and picked out the two best Drakes and Gnolls out of the bunch. With Erin’s instant agreement she decided to hire them as long-term help.
Another of Erin’s faults—no, another thing about Erin that defined her was her unwillingness to commit to huge changes so easily. She saw hiring someone as a huge transition, whereas Lyonette saw it as a simpler thing. You could fire them if you had to. For Erin that was a tremendously stressful activity. But Lyonette felt like she could easily do that. She couldn’t cook, Erin could. Erin could manage the [Actors], and Lyonette could assemble the [Barmaids]. They had their strengths, their weaknesses. But they were a team. Lyonette didn’t know why she’d ever thought it had been just Erin.
That night she practiced with her sword and went to bed, tired, but happy. Lyonette closed her eyes and heard the voice again.
 
[Barmaid Level 15!]
[Skill – Balanced Posture obtained!]
 
[Warrior Level 4!]
 
[Class Conditions: Princess failed]
[Class – Princess lost.]
[Skill – Detect Poison lost.]
[Skill – Royal Tax lost.]
 
“Oh.”
In the silence of the night, Lyonette sat up for a second. She looked around. She listened. But the voice said nothing more. Slowly, she lay back.
“What happened?”
