5.24 L
Page 4
“I can pay! I’ll just take it out of their wages.”
Everyone looked at her. Ceria sighed.
“Erin, I don’t think you understand how much a good [Enchanter] charges—especially for a rush job.”
“How much?”
“Let’s see. Eighty gold coins for an appraisal?”
“Eighty—”
Erin choked as she took a sip from her mug. Lyonette saw the Goblins turn to each other and jabber worriedly. Revi smiled wickedly.
“Eighty? Maybe for a normal artifact. But dungeon artifacts? Try ten times that. More, if the [Enchanter] thinks they might get hit by a curse spell. You could pay as much as two thousand gold coins per artifact.”
“Two th—who’s got that kind of money lying around?”
The Halfseekers exchanged glances and shrugged, but Typhenous smiled as he stroked his beard and Revi smirked. Dawil, Falene, and Ylawes all raised a hand.
“Our groups could pay the cost. As could Griffon Hunt. The question is—would we receive an artifact in exchange?”
“That’s hardly a fair exchange, especially if one’s worth more.”
Yvlon frowned as she pointed that out. By her side, Ksmvr and Pisces nodded, being more engrossed in listening than anything else. Ylawes frowned at his sister.
“We could repay the cost. But we want to be clear about what we might get in exchange. What do the…Goblins think of this?”
All eyes turned to the Redfang Warriors. They exchanged looks. Lyonette went around the tables, waiting for a response. After a long while in which four of the Goblins began kicking the fifth, Numbtongue finally replied.
“Don’t need artifact appraisal.”
“What?”
All the adventures looked incredulous. Numbtongue shrugged and refused to say anything else. Revi leaned over her table, chewing her bacon furiously.
“See here, I don’t care if you lot die in a dungeon, but I’m not having you walk around with artifacts that might do anything! The curse might not affect only you—I once saw a cursed artifact melt everything in a fifty foot radius!”
“It’s their choice, Revi. If they don’t want to—”
“Oh come on! They’re Goblins! We’re adventurers! We saved them! Don’t we get a say?”
“We saved them at Miss Erin’s request. In point of fact, the artifacts were already recovered.”
“Shut it, Typhenous!”
The argument went on as Lyonette went into the kitchen for cow’s milk instead. She could have served a weak ale for the morning, but milk was generally received well. The adventurers were arguing amongst themselves and the Goblins complicating matters with their silence when she returned. Lyonette listened to the argument, feeling…lost.
She just felt a little left out, that was all. Seeing the adventurers anxiously trying to confer with each other and Erin while the Goblins listened reminded Lyonette that all of this was Erin’s doing. She’d set everything in motion so a group of five Hobgoblins, Hobgoblins, could enter a dungeon and come back with treasure.
True, Lyonette had been the one to get the Halfseekers to enter her inn. And Griffon Hunt. But it had been Erin’s inn and the [Innkeeper] was the one who’d charmed them, made them allies and friends rather than guests. That was her talent, the thing that separated her from Lyonette. She’d made this world, where adventurers would negotiate with Goblins rather than just attack them and where Gold-rank adventurers were regulars at her inn. In fact, it was a testament to the way Lyonette had gotten used to it all that she barely blinked an eye when the Halfseekers announced they couldn’t keep debating the issue any longer.
