5.24 L
Page 5
“We’ve got to test the Heartflame Breastplate that Selys is leasing us. We’ll head to the dungeon if we can, Halrac. But we’re going to see exactly what the armor can do!”
Jelaqua grinned, looking like a child stuck in a dead Drake’s body. She rubbed her claws together.
“It’s going to be amazing.”
The other Gold-rank adventurers looked enviously at Jelaqua. If the Goblin’s artifacts were the news of the day, the revelation of Selys lending the Halfseekers the Heartflame Breastplate was the talk of the year. Last night Jelaqua had been so happy she’d bought drinks for the entire inn—thrice! Typhenous leaned forwards, his eyes shining as Jelaqua grinned wildly.
“Can we watch?”
“Sorry. Selys says part of the armor’s secrets can’t be shared. You can watch Moore chuck spells at the armor if you want, though. Or join in yourself.”
“We might have to. Halrac, Revi, I know the dungeon awaits, but ­this—”
The older [Mage] looked at his companions. Halrac nodded after a moment’s thought.
“Fine.”
“We’d like to watch as well. Obviously finding a way into the dungeon matters. I don’t trust entering and exiting via the rift, so the dungeon entrance must be cleared. But for today…I’d love to see what an artifact like that could do.”
Ylawes looked at his team and they nodded in agreement. Dawil sat up as he finished stuffing another sausage into his mouth.
“Always worth seeing what a good artifact does! And it beats arguing about artifacts that we didn’t get anyways. Let the Goblins have their artifacts if they want.”
“Unless we can appraise them ourselves. That’s one last option. Anyone fancy looking at the enchantments and seeing what they might do? Falene, could you look at the enchantments?”
Ylawes paused and looked at his companion. Falene raised her head and gave him a severe glance.
“I am a [Battlemage], not an [Enchanter].”
“I know. I just thought—”
The [Knight] broke off as the half-Elf woman raised one delicate hand.
“However, as the sole [Mage] present who has been fully trained by Wistram, I will inspect the artifacts and make a preliminary assessment. Free of change. If we are all in agreement?”
She glanced at the Goblins and then away. The other adventurers nodded, more interested in the armor now, but it was Pisces who sat up. The [Necromancer] sniffed loudly, drawing attention to him.
“Miss Skystrall, it seems you are implying that your understanding of enchantments is superior to anyone else in this room.”
Falene smiled archly at him.
“Oh? I didn’t think I was implying so much as stating a fact. You disagree?”
Pisces flushed.
“Immensely, as a matter of fact. I believe my understanding of enchantments would provide just as much illumination.”
“Then both of you check out the artifacts. Typhenous too, if he wants. Look, if we’re not hiring an [Enchanter], stare as much as you want. Just don’t touch it.”
Exasperated, Jelaqua got up. She looked around.
“This has been fun. But I’m getting new armor and as for this Goblin thing—look, Erin. You want to let them go into the dungeon, fine. They’re adventurers now. I don’t know why. And they have magical artifacts. Unappraised magical artifacts. That’s fine too, I guess. Just make sure they understand what the risks are.”
She looked at the Redfang Goblins, nodded to Seborn and Moore, and then the Halfseekers went to the door. Jelaqua opened it, stared through, and closed it.
“Hey, how do you open this thing to Liscor?”
“I’ve got it.”
Erin hurried over to the door and Lyonette saw the other adventurers rise. They followed the Halfseekers, all but the Horns of Hammerad.
