5.25 L
Page 9
A rueful smile stole over Lyonette’s face. She tossed the dust rag onto another table.
“I have missed it. You’re always busy. And I have a moment.”
“Then you do not mind talking with me?”
Hopefully, Pawn looked up at her. Lyonette smiled.
“Whatever gave you that idea? My problems are one thing, but I always have time to talk with you. Is something happening in the Hive? I heard you talking about more Workers joining your group. Is there a problem?”
She took a seat across from Pawn. He sat up a bit straighter.
“Not a problem, but we lack entertainment. You see, I was going to speak with Erin about the issue of—of boredom. Revalantor Klbkch has given us scheduled downtime, but we lack activities to perform in the rain. I was hoping Erin could help. Unless you have some ideas?”
“Well, why not teach them something? Or read them books?”
Pawn nodded. He relaxed a bit as Lyonette sat across from him, smiling. This felt better. She looked like normal.
“I could do that. But I was hoping for activities they could perform when I am not around?”
“Ah, I see the problem. And your people need activities? Well, have you tried giving them normal activities? Like needlework? Or pottery?”
“Needlework? Pottery? As in making trade crafts? The Antinium are not proficient in such areas.”
Lyonette laughed.
“No! For their own enjoyment! What about games? Surely you have something. Like—tag. Even I played that game growing up.”
“Let me write this down.”
Pawn looked around, patting his side. He had forgotten his belt pouch! Lyonette smiled.
“Erin probably has some parchment and a quill. Hold on, let me find it.”
She got up and went into the kitchen. Pawn waited until she came back. Then he gratefully accepted the quill and ink and began scribbling down notes. He was glad she was well. Only—was she? Lyonette smiled and offered him silly suggestions and good ones, laughing as she asked him whether the Antinium might enjoy learning to embroider. But he couldn’t help but think it was partly an illusion. Pawn sat and talked with Lyonette until Ishkr came in with two of his Gnoll friends and the inn began to fill with guests. Then Lyonette had to go.
“Good luck with your Antinium, Pawn. Let me know how it turns out, alright?”
“I will. Thank you, Lyonette.”
Pawn bade her farewell at the door. He hesitated, opening his mandibles. But Lyonette was already busy giving Ishkr orders. He turned away, still feeling like something was wrong. But he couldn’t put his finger on it.
 
—-
 
The next day, Pawn surprised Erin by opening the door right as she was passing by. She jumped.
“Pawn?”
“Hello Erin. I am sorry to come so early. But I was hoping to speak with Lyonette. Is she here?”
Erin blinked at Pawn. It was very early. She rubbed her eyes.
“Lyonette? Yeah, she should be down shortly. Um. Is something the matter, Pawn?”
The Worker paused guiltily.
“The matter? No. I was just…wondering if we could speak more about her proposals.”
“Her what?”
“She gave me some advice as to how I could entertain my Workers and Soldiers yesterday.”
“She did? Good for her! I was going to suggest playing baseball inside the Hive or something stupid like that. Uh, so what did she say?”
“She suggested expanding the barracks to create a communal living space. And introducing a variety of crafts into the Hive. I have done so and wished to appraise her of the progress.”
Erin nodded, smiling and covering a yawn.
“Hey, that’s great Pawn. I’m sure Lyon would love to hear about it. Why don’t you sit and wait for her?”
