5.25 L
Page 12
“I was passing by the inn and could not help but stop for lunch. Is Lyonette free to talk?”
“I wanted to consult with Ksmvr. Is Lyonette around?”
“It is rainy. I wanted to share that fact with Lyonette.”
The excuses seemed to amuse Erin. She started grinning every time she saw Pawn for reasons unknown to him. Each day he waited for Lyonette, sometimes while eating breakfast or a snack, other times sitting meditatively in silence or whispering a quick prayer. Each time Lyonette greeted him, asked how his Hive was doing and caught up on the latest Antinium gossip, such as it was.
In turn she offered him news about the inn. The Players of Celum were gaining more attention and had nearly finished their run of Othello and The Triumph of Liscor. They were about to switch plays now they had a new audience of Drakes and Gnolls coming in each night. Training the new staff was going well. The adventurers were busy preparing for the dungeon or arguing with each other and fighting over food. And so on. Pawn listened dutifully, nodding along and enjoying the conversation. And each time she finished or had to go back to work he asked her the same question.
“Is everything well?”
The answer was always yes. With a smile or a nod. Pawn accepted that. He came back day after day until the day when Lyonette’s patience finally ran out.
 
—-
 
“Good morning, Lyonette.”
“Oh. Hello, Pawn.”
For once Lyonette didn’t smile when she greeted Pawn. In fact, she hadn’t come over when she’d spotted him sitting by himself at lunch time. She’d kept serving tables though the Worker was sure she’d seen him. But it was a good ten minutes before she walked over.
It was almost as if she’d been avoiding him. But after he had sat and waited patiently, refusing to let Drassi get him a drink or food, Lyonette had walked over. Now she stood, looking somewhat tired as Pawn sat. He waited for her to take a seat. She did not.
“Would you like to sit and talk with me?”
“Not today, Pawn.”
Lyonette glanced tiredly around. So did Pawn. The inn was not busy at this time of day, which pleased him. He would have more time to chat.
“Do you want to tell me about the inn? Or would you like to chat about the Hive first? There are a few interesting developments that may intrigue you.”
He had been buying new objects left and right to put in the Hive. Knitting needles, yarn, little balls to play catching games, and so on. Pawn hadn’t seen the Antinium playing with some of the objects, but he was sure they would begin using them soon. After all, the Soldiers used to not read any of the picture books and now the books were the most sought-after object in the barracks. But to his surprise, Lyonette shook her head.
“Not today, Pawn. I’m a bit—busy. Look, why don’t I get you a drink and we can talk later? Next week, maybe?”
That was strange. Pawn hesitated.
“Of course, if you are busy I will come back another time. Tomorrow, perhaps?”
“Um…sure.”
Lyonette looked distracted. And a bit upset. She kept glancing over her shoulder and looking at Pawn. He nodded.
“I will not take up any of your time. But before you go—”
Lyonette was already turning away. Pawn called after her.
“And you are feeling well?”
She stopped, mid-step. Pawn saw Lyonette’s shoulder’s tense, and then she whirled.
“Why are you asking me that?”
Her voice was loud. Too loud. Pawn saw a few of the Drakes and Gnolls eating lunch look up and heard conversations cease across the inn. Erin poked her head out of the kitchen. Pawn hesitated.
“No reason. I am just interested in your wellbeing.”
“Really?”
