5.25 L
Page 13
Lyonette stared at him. Pawn shuffled his legs and looked away.
“Yes?”
“Then why do I get the feeling that you’re still thinking about my missing class?”
Pawn’s heart skipped a beat. He tried to keep his voice smooth.
“I never mentioned it. I never said a word about it.”
“Yes. And you’re not saying it so loudly that I can hear it! You keep asking if I’m well. You keep coming here, day after day, telling me about the smallest things. I wouldn’t care. I’d enjoy it, but you ask me the same question each time. Why?”
Lyonette advanced on Pawn, angry. He tried to scoot back in his chair but the [Barmaid] stood right in front of him. Now everyone was looking at him. Pawn debated lying. He could say—
Lie? To Lyonette? He caught himself as he was about to utter an untruth. Pawn looked up at Lyonette and unwillingly, he answered her honestly.
“…I have been praying every day that your class will return.”
The shock that ran over Lyonette’s face was like a living thing. It drained the blood from her face, made her eyes go wide, and then, quick as a flash, ignited anger once more. Lyonette stared down at Pawn. Her voice trembled.
“Why?”
The Worker shrank. But he replied defiantly.
“I believe you need it back. Your class.”
“You think I need it?”
“Yes.”
Pawn saw Lyonette’s mouth open angrily. He rushed forwards before she could speak.
“I think you need it. I think you should have it back. I think you shouldn’t be content not to have it. So I have prayed for it.”
“I told you I was better off without it! What about what I want?”
Incensed, Lyonette put her hands on the table. Pawn leaned back and then stopped. He spoke, his mandibles quivering slightly.
“I think you are wrong.”
For a moment Lyonette gaped at him. Then she glared.
“Stop it. Just stop it! Don’t pray and don’t tell me what I need!”
She stood up and turned away. Pawn scrambled out of his chair.
“Lyonette, please. I am trying to help—”
“Maybe I don’t want your help!”
She whirled and snapped at Pawn. He felt like he’d been struck. Lyonette glared.
“Why does it matter to you? Why do you care? It’s my class! It’s my life! Why does this matter to you?”
“I just want to—”
She spoke over him, her voice growing louder and louder.
“You want? What about what I want? I liked talking to you, I really did! You and I are friends! But this isn’t right! This isn’t fair to me! Don’t pray for me! Don’t try to change me! Don’t try to give me back what I don’t need!”
She stared at Pawn, and to his horror he saw her eyes were shimmering. Lyonette rubbed at them, and her voice caught.
“Please, just leave me alone! Let me move on! Let me—”
She moved as if to walk away and noticed her audience. She had been shouting near the end. Everyone was staring. Erin looked flabbergasted. Lyonette turned red. Her eyes welled up with tears and she turned.
“I—”
She didn’t finish her sentence. Lyonette ran up the stairs. Pawn watched her go. He felt like something had ripped out his chest, spilling his insides across the floor. Slowly, dizzily, he looked around. Pawn stared at the others, stared at Erin, and then slowly walked towards the door. He opened it and turned his head as rain poured through.
“I am sorry. Please tell her I am sorry.”
Then he stumbled out into the rain.
 
—-
 
