5.25 L
Page 10
Pawn nodded obediently. He sat and soon enough Lyonette came downstairs. She was surprised to see him.
“Pawn! You’re back. Again?”
Pawn nodded. He waved at Mrsha who blinked at him and waved back. He nodded to Lyonette.
“I am. I took your advice yesterday.”
“Oh. Good.”
“I wanted to tell you about my results. And perhaps talk more if we had the chance?”
Lyonette glanced at Erin who shrugged.
“Of course I have time. I just need to feed Mrsha. Have you had breakfast yet?”
“No. I would gladly pay for a meal.”
“Hold on, then.”
Lyonette left and came back with some hot eggs which Pawn gladly ate. She ate with Mrsha, awkwardly telling the Gnoll not to gobble her food while she half-watched Pawn. When Mrsha was done Lyonette came to sit with Pawn.
“Okay, tell me about it.”
Pawn nodded and sat up eagerly. He had just finished telling Lyonette about how the Workers were attempting to learn how to crochet when he heard footsteps. He turned around and saw the Horns of Hammerad stumbling downstairs. Lyonette immediately got up.
“It’s already that time? Sorry Pawn, but I have work to do.”
“I understand. I am sorry to have taken your time.”
“No, it’s no problem. I enjoy hearing about the Hive. Really. It’s just…”
Lyonette gestured towards the adventurers. Pisces was yawning and only Ksmvr looked anywhere near awake. They all made a beeline for the nearest table, sitting and staring expectantly at the table in front of them as if willing food to appear. Pawn nodded.
“Please go about your work. I will leave.”
“You could stay. Once I finish I could talk more.”
The young woman’s smile made Pawn glad. He shook his head.
“No, I simply wanted to talk for a while. I have my own duties as well.”
He stood up and looked at Lyonette. He took a short breath and spoke as Lyonette was turning.
“And you are well?”
She froze. Pawn stared at her back.
“You felt better yesterday. Are you feeling as well today?”
Lyonette half-turned and smiled at Pawn.
“I’m fine.”
“Good. Good. In that case I will…”
Pawn backed away. Lyonette nodded.
“Come again, any time!”
She took his plate. Pawn watched her head into the kitchen. She was good. That was excellent. He turned and walked towards the door. He had duties in his Hive now. The fact that Lyonette was well was all he’d come to confirm. He left as Lyonette hurried out of the kitchen with plates and Ceria and Pisces squabbled over who’d get the larger portion. He went back to his Hive and performed his duties distractedly.
The next day he went back. And the day after that. And the day after that.
 
—-
 
Yellow Splatters thought that there was a problem. It was Pawn. He didn’t like to think it, but three days had gone by and it was growing clearer to him that something was amiss.
Pawn. The Worker was present in the barracks every day of course. He ate with the Painted Soldiers and Individual Workers, gave orders, and left each morning for an hour or two before returning. That was all right. What wasn’t all right was what he was doing.
He came back each day with new things. Objects. Leather balls made to be tossed around or chewed on, custom chess sets, knitting needles, yarn…every day he would arrive with more strange paraphernalia, bought with the budget allocated to him by Klbkch. And that was fine too. Normally.  Yellow Splatters understood that new things could be wonderful. Like books. He loved books with bright pictures. But this?
“Have a group of Workers try knitting, Yellow Splatters. It is a useful occupation they may enjoy.”
