5.25 L
Page 3
Not that Pawn dwelt on such thoughts particularly long. It was just hard to forget when the city was surrounded by water. Pawn wondered when the rains would stop. It would be long, far too long before he was able to patrol with his Soldiers above-ground again. True, the waters would drain, but they would leave far too much mud behind for far too long. He needed a distraction, no, an occupation for his people in the meantime. Erin had to have a good idea.
No one stopped Pawn as he hurried down the street. The Drakes and Gnolls were equally consumed with avoiding getting wet and so Pawn made it to the western gate where Erin’s magical door was without incident. He reached for the door handle, opened it, and saw nothing but a blank wall behind.
“Oh. The door is not active yet.”
Pawn was slightly crestfallen. He waited in the rain, awkwardly hunching his shoulders and wondering when it would open. This was a new problem for the inn and Pawn had understood it could be a big problem, especially if no one opened the door for hours.
Happily, he only had to wait for nine minutes before the door opened. Relieved, Pawn stepped aside as someone walked through. Then he froze as a familiar black-brown Antinium walked though.
“Oh. Pawn.”
“Ksmvr.”
Pawn’s good mood took a slight downturn as he spotted the once-Prognugator of Liscor’s Hive. He stared at Ksmvr who paused in the rainy street. The two Antinium regarded each other. They had a history.
“I wish you a good morning, Pawn.”
“Thank you, Ksmvr. I appreciate you opening the door.”
“I was intending to train with Yvlon at the Adventurer’s Guild.”
“Good. For you.”
Silence. The two Antinium stared at each other. Ksmvr eventually jerked his head towards the gates.
“The issue of the magical door not opening will be solved soon.”
“How?”
“They are building a bridge from Liscor to the inn. Over the water.”
“Over?”
Ksmvr nodded. Pawn’s mandibles opened wide in horror. Over the water? He imagined walking on the bridge, while water was all around him, below him—
“I will never use that bridge.”
“Understandable. I, however, will cross it. To prove I am unafraid of water.”
Ksmvr’s voice shook a bit but he stood straighter, as if to prove himself. Pawn eyed him.
“Do you want to die?”
“No. But I must prove myself to my group.”
“But surely your teammates understand that you are unable to swim.”
The former Prognugator paused.
“That is irrelevant. I must conquer my fears. Any fears.”
Pawn shook his head. This was one of the reasons why he didn’t like Ksmvr. The other Antinium was just—Pawn edged around Ksmvr.
“I wish you luck. Truly. But I will go into the inn now. Is Erin there? I wanted to talk to her.”
The other Antinium nodded vaguely.
“She is. Although she is occupied. Captain Ceria told me to leave her and Lyonette alone.”
Pawn paused.
“Why? Is something wrong?”
“I don’t know. The [Barmaid], Miss Lyonette, is crying. She has not stopped.”
“Lyonette’s crying? Why?”
Suddenly Pawn was in front of Ksmvr. Up until this moment he hadn’t been interested in talking with him—he’d been hoping Ksmvr would step out of the way so Pawn could get inside the inn. But now he was keenly, horribly interested in what the other Antinium was saying. Unfortunately, Ksmvr was the wrong person to talk to.
“I have no idea why she is crying. She is not a member of my team. Therefore I only recorded this information as a pertinent piece of gossip.”
“Pertinent to what?”
“I do not know. Would you like me to ask why Lyonette is crying? Would that assist me in social gossip, do you think?”
“I must talk with her. Excuse me.”
