5.26 L
Page 12
“Thank you for coming here, Lyonette.”
The Worker bowed awkwardly to her. He was standing very straight and the other Antinium were focused as much on him as on her. Lyonette felt her heart pounding, but she didn’t know why. Pawn opened and closed his mandibles a few times.
“I regret calling you here without letting you know why. This is highly unusual. I did not ask Revalantor Klbkch for permission, but I think it had to be done. I hope you will not be angry. I wanted to apologize.”
“Oh. I’m…sorry too. I shouldn’t have yelled at you.”
Lyonette felt awkward. And terrible. And confused. Was that why Pawn had called her here? Surely not. The Worker was fidgeting. And as Lyonette moved closer, she saw there was something behind him.
“What is that, Pawn?”
He ducked his head and Lyonette caught a flash of something bright. Yellow? The Worker cleared his throat a few times.
“I wanted this to be a surprise. It is an apology and—I hope you will like it.”
He stepped to one side. Lyonette’s eyes widened. She opened her mouth.
“What is—no!”
Pawn had moved to reveal a…stand. A piece of wood, shaped to hold something. A dress stand. Meant to hold a dress. And it held one, a long gown of yellow. It was not elegant. It was not rich, or made of silk. But it was a dress. And it was beautiful in its own way. A dress for someone to wear. And Lyonette understood.
A ball is a formal occasion. It’s where we dress up in fancy clothing and dance in a big open space. Lyonette remembered telling Pawn that. She looked around and saw the newly excavated barracks, the waiting Antinium, the dress. She stared at Pawn as he waited, practically shaking with nerves. And she tried. She truly did. But the hurt in her chest rose and came out.
“Lyonette, I—”
“How could you? How could you?”
Pawn broke off as Lyonette strode towards him. The [Barmaid]’s hands balled into fists as she glared at Pawn. He was a Worker and thus shorter, but she was short too and so they were on a level. She stared at him.
“I told you last time that I didn’t want your help! I told you and you do this?”
She threw an arm out, indicating the dress, the waiting chamber. This was his idea? He hadn’t listened to her at all!
“I—wait. This isn’t—”
Pawn’s stammered, but Lyonette was too angry to care. Incensed, she shouted in Pawn’s face.
“Why won’t you just let me forget? Why can’t you let me be? Why can’t you just listen to me? Why do you have to do this? How could you? How could—”
She felt tears springing to her eyes again. Lyonette turned away. She felt betrayed! Let down. She saw Pawn look down at his feet. The other Antinium were silent as Lyonette covered her face, trying not to cry.
“I’m sorry.”
Pawn whispered the words. Lyonette didn’t turn back towards him. She spoke, her voice thick with sadness.
“Just let me be. Just drop it. Why can’t you do that? I asked you. I told you—”
The Worker bowed his head behind her.
“I know. I know. I understand it is your wish. I understand that it is not right for me to do this. Erin told me.”
“Then why—”
“It’s just that I can’t.”
Pawn interrupted Lyonette. She turned back to him. The Worker stood, awkward, defiant, speaking softly as the other Antinium looked on.
“Why not?”
The Worker stared at the [Barmaid].
“Because you looked so unhappy that day. It can’t be better to lose your class. You were a [Princess]. It mattered to you. You still aren’t over it.”
“But I am. I am, Pawn. It’s fine this way. Fine.”
