5.26 L
Page 10
The [Mage] raised his eyebrows and swept a lock of hair out of his face. Pisces sniffed and smiled superiorly.
“I believe that you are rather missing the point.”
“What? How?”
Pisces gave Lyonette an enigmatic smile.
“Consider the events as an impartial observer. I regard your squabble with Pawn as indicative not of his social failings, but another, larger issue at stake. One which you should be aware of.”
“Which is?”
The [Necromancer] rolled his eyes to the ceiling innocently.
“I would hardly like to say. I do wonder if Erin noticed, though. I doubt it.”
“Noticed what?”
Pisces only gave Lyonette a smug smile. She resisted the urge to throw the bucket at him. This was why people didn’t like Pisces. She was about to demand answers on pain of pain when she saw the door to Liscor open.
“Welcome! How can I—”
She broke off the instant she saw the Antinium in the doorway. Her first instinct was to think it was Pawn. But it wasn’t. The Antinium was too large. It was a Soldier, one with a purple smile painted across his face.
“Purple Smile?”
Lyonette hurried towards him. Her next thought was that he was leading a patrol and coming here for food, but he was alone. She had never seen a Soldier by himself! She stared at Purple Smile as he looked quizzically at a little towel rack that Erin had installed by the door. He wiped his feet on the rug and waved at Lyonette.
“Hello! Can I help you?”
Purple Smile nodded. He raised all four arms and pointed. At Lyonette. She blinked.
“Me?”
The Soldier nodded. Two of his arms shifted and pointed through the open doorway, into the streets of Liscor. Lyonette stared at him.
“Go into Liscor? Why? What do you need?”
Purple Smile didn’t respond. Of course, he couldn’t. He just pointed at Lyonette’s chest and then gestured with his other hand, beckoning. The third and fourth hands mimed walking.
It really was amazing how he could convey what he wanted with just his hands. Pisces stared in interest as Lyonette looked around.
“I could come but I have work—Erin’s in Liscor, though—what’s this about? Is it something to do with Pawn?”
Purple Smile raised all four hands and shrugged. Lyonette stared at him. She wavered, and then ran over to Drassi.
“Hey Drassi, I need to go out. The Antinium want me. Let Erin know when she gets back?”
“She won’t be back from her outing with Selys for a while. Do you want me to get someone to tell her?”
Drassi looked concerned as she peeked over Lyonette’s shoulder at Purple Smile. Lyonette shook her head.
“No, just let her know. And look after Mrsha?”
The Gnoll was in her room, reading a picture book that Erin had bought for her. It was expensive because of all the illustrated drawings, but the Gnoll had been delighted and engrossed by it. Drassi nodded.
“I can do that. Are you sure, though?”
“I think this has something to do with Pawn. I’m going.”
Lyonette hurried to grab a cloak. She nodded to Purple Smile.
“Are you taking me to Pawn?”
Again, the Soldier shrugged. He held open the door as Lyonette followed him out, and then stepped into the rainy street. Their departure went largely unnoticed in the quiet inn, but Pisces, sitting at his table, had seen everything. He smiled and flicked something under the table. A small, undead Shield Spider scuttled across the inn, unnoticed. It shot out of the door before Purple Smile could close it.
“Lead on.”
Outside, Lyonette followed Purple Smile through the rain. Neither one noticed their little follower. The tiny Shield Spider scurried after Lyonette, moving fast to avoid the water that threatened to sweep it into a sewer drain.
