5.27
Page 20
“You are afraid. You fear for our lives, rightly so. You have declined to enter the dungeon. Of course I was aware of this.”
“I was not.”
Ksmvr raised a hand. Everyone looked at him. Pisces cleared his throat.
“Friend Ksmvr. Now you are aware. By her own admission, Ceria calls herself a coward. Unfit for duty. Does that change your opinion of her? Of your position in the group?”
The Antinium cocked his head, thinking. He shook it.
“Never. If Captain Ceria and Yvlon fear to enter, command me. I will go in alone and find this Minotaur. I am part of the team. If my Captain fears, I will be fearless. If there is death, I will fight it.”
He looked around proudly and saw the pain in Ceria and Yvlon’s eyes. Ksmvr hesitated.
“What? You gave me purpose. You gave me a place. How could I offer you anything less?”
“Ksmvr.”
Ceria closed her eyes and Yvlon reached out to grab his hand. Pisces sniffed.
“Well spoken. For my part, I do not intend to die. But neither do I intend to leave this group. I have waited. The other teams prepare. Ceria, Yvlon. If you fear to enter the dungeon, say so. I will not think twice at walking away. But if you do not—”
Pisces’ eyes glittered.
“Then say so and we will follow you into that hell.”
“Even if we die?”
The [Necromancer]’s eyes shone in the dim lighting.
“I do not plan on dying. If you intend to order us to our deaths then by all means step down. But tell me there is a chance of victory and I will seize it. Point us to glory, Ceria. Did we not enter Albez ourselves? Are we adventurers or cowards? If we are the latter, why have we risked our lives and fought together? If we are the former, why are you afraid?”
A shock ran through the other three adventurers. The Horns of Hammerad looked up. Ceria felt strength return to her shaking hands. She made a fist and looked Pisces in the eye. There was a shining light there, a burning passion. She had seen it once before, in a younger man’s eyes. She felt her limbs stop shaking. She opened her mouth and heard a voice from the stage.
“If that thy bent of love be honourable, thy purpose marriage, send me word tomorrow.”
Jasi bent to stage-whisper to Wesle. The Drake gave the Human a smile full of young, reckless love. Ceria heard a sigh from the Humans and nothing from the Drakes. And then a voice.
“A Drake marrying a Human? Outrageous!”
A shout broke through the sacred silence of the play. Wall Lord Ilvriss leapt to his feet, bursting with outrage. He tried to rush the stage. Two Hobgoblins ran to stop him.
“This play is a disgrace!”
“Disgusting!”
The Drakes in the audience were getting to their feet. Their beatific smiles were replaced by pure hostility as they hurled drinks and food at the shocked actors. The Humans in the crowd were stunned—until that shock turned to anger.
“What’s wrong with that? Let the girl marry him!”
“It’s not like we like your scaly faces either! Get lost you tailed freaks!”
The audience turned on each other. Shouting about the sanctity of Drake species turned into threats. The Drakes and Humans shook fists and claws and thrashed tails, and then began to hurl things at each other. From their seat the Horns of Hammerad didn’t see who threw the first punch, but as soon as it started a brawl broke out.
Drakes leapt onto tables and kicked Humans to the ground while Humans grabbed chairs, mugs, anything they could get their hands on. The five Hobgoblins began hitting Humans and Drakes alike but the angry mob was too far gone and they turned on the Goblins as well.
“Dead gods.”
