5.27
Page 7
“Right. But there’s stuff that’s worth a lot more! Shield Spider shells for instance. An unbroken shell is worth a lot so the Guild will pay you for any you recover. You can earn money from killing the new Raskghar—the city’s put a bounty on them—killing Lurkersnatch Fish, turning in enchanted armor which is good for melting down, and so on. There’s all kinds of stuff you can earn money from collecting! Even low-level monsters can be worth a lot. There are slime cores, Dropbat teeth, Corusdeer horns—”
“Goblin’s ears.”
Numbtongue spoke softly. Selys gulped. Erin sat up.
“That’s right. Only no one’s attacking you. It would be a crime to attack another Bronze-rank team. Isn’t that right, Selys?”
The Drake nodded.
“They would have to identify themselves. But yes, it is illegal to attack an adventurer. So…”
She looked at the Hobgoblins. They stared at each other and made a few gestures she could’t explain. Then they stood up. Selys scooted her chair back as the Hobgoblins looked at her. Headscratcher spoke.
“We do it. We be adven—”
He stumbled over the word. He was a lot less fluent than Numbtongue.
“Adventurers.”
The word was almost reverential. Selys nodded and saw some heads staring her way. Revi shook her head slowly.
“So much for standards.”
Erin glared at her. The Stitch-Woman didn’t so much as blink. The Redfang Goblins stared at her, and then seemed to put her out of their minds. They looked at each other and patted each other on the shoulders. Then their heads turned as Pisces pushed his chair back from the table. He looked around importantly.
“I am positive that the necklace is cursed.”
All the side conversations in the inn went quiet. Ceria looked up as she chewed on her second plate of fish flakes, extra spicy.
“You sure, Pisces?”
“Positive. The enchantment is simply too suspicious. The intent of casting, the gripping spell that would keep it from being removed—I can categorically state that it is cursed.”
“What an astute observation. Which I had made ten minutes ago.”
Falene smiled cattily at Pisces. He flushed and narrowed his eyes.
“You brought up the speculation. I am making a definitive statement.”
“I note the difference. The real question is, are the other two cursed? Or do they exude harmful effects?”
“That is uncertain. And I am getting a headache trying to puzzle it out. Neither artifact is straightforward—the cloth is certainly not spelled as a simple protective garb, if it is clothing at all.”
Typhenous rubbed at his eyes, frowning into his white beard. Pisces looked around, annoyed.
“Well, we have identified one of the possible dangers. It is entirely likely the other two are beneficial—the dungeon makers would have had to hide their treasures somewhere.”
“Assuming they didn’t make everything cursed.”
Revi muttered under her breath. Jelaqua nodded.
“Identifying the scary artifacts is good, kids, but even if you’re fairly certain the other ones aren’t trapped, who’s going to test them out? Any volunteers? I can replace my body and I wouldn’t do it if you paid me. This needs a real [Enchanter].”
All eyes swung towards the Redfang Goblins. They stared at the artifacts. Rabbiteater picked at his nose. Instantly, all eyes swung away in disgust. Erin sighed. It looked like there would be more trouble still. She wondered if she should see about making food in preparation for tonight—there would be a crowd from Liscor for the play! Then she glanced over her shoulder and swore.
“Damnit—Lyonette! When did we last check the door?”
“Oh no!”
