5.27
Page 19
“A standing ovation for The Triumph of Liscor. Subpar writing, an unctuous display of patriotism—from Humans to Drakes, I note—only redeemed by the star of the cast. Me. What would be the appropriate response to a true work of art? Wild orgies in the streets?”
Yvlon snorted and then glared. Pisces smiled, pleased at himself. Ceria grinned unwillingly and then looked morose again. Ksmvr looked up.
“What are—”
“Later, Ksmvr.”
The Horns of Hammerad sat as they looked around the room. The Wandering Inn had risen fast, hadn’t it? From an empty house it was now a full one, and populated by movers and shakers and dancers as it were. Wall Lord Ilvriss was there, sitting with a group of Drakes. So were three Gold-rank teams, and now, three Silver-rank ones as well. The Pride of Kelia and Gemhammer had come back to eat and see the play and they were entranced. Ceria couldn’t take her eyes off them for different reasons. She played with her fork, spreading her cheese around the plate listlessly.
“Do you think they’re right, Pisces?”
He looked at her, distracted by the play.
“Hm? Ah, well, they are certainly forthright.”
“Confident to the point of suicide, perhaps.”
Yvlon frowned, looking at the Human team. She touched her arm unconsciously and Ceria glanced at her.
“Yeah. Yeah. The Gold-rankers certainly seem to think so. It’s just that they’re…well, they’re our level, aren’t they? Silver-rank. And they’re good too, according to what Selys managed to dig up on them.”
“Good isn’t enough for this dungeon.”
The armored [Wounded Warrior] spoke through tight lips. Ceria hesitated.
“Maybe. But they’re still willing to risk it. And here we are. We haven’t gone into the dungeon. It’s been a long time since Pisces told us that Calruz might be alive. So are we—I mean, am I—a coward?”
She choked on the words. Pisces looked up. Ksmvr stopped noshing and Yvlon turned.
“Ceria—”
“I’m the team leader. I was part of Calruz’ team! He was my leader. I should be telling us to go in now, but every time I want to, I freeze up. I know we have to move. I know, but—”
Ceria gestured at her hands. Pisces saw her skeletal hand, holding her fork. It was shaking so badly she could barely hold on. She tried to hold her hand with her other one, but they were both shaking. Ceria shook her head, tears springing to her eyes.
“I’m a coward! I shouldn’t be Captain. But I—I know what’s down there. I know. Things like Skinner. Maybe worse. I’m afraid, but I can’t back down! And you all need a leader! I shouldn’t be a Captain. I—”
“It’s my fault too.”
Yvlon grabbed Ceria’s arm. The half-Elf looked at her. Yvlon looked pained.
“I’m afraid too. I haven’t said anything. I agreed with you—because I lost too much too. I should have asked if we wanted to go in, really wanted to risk our lives. But I was afraid of looking cowardly. I was afraid of disappointing my brother. It’s not just you, Ceria. It’s…I’m scared.”
“I know. It’s not fair to ask you to go in. Not for Calruz. Not when we could die. When it’s so likely.”
Ceria looked at Yvlon, then at Pisces. He met her gaze and then fiddled with his utensils. Ksmvr looked around.
“But you are our Captain, Captain Springwalker. How else should we move, if not by your will?”
“Oh, Ksmvr. I can’t ask you to die for me. And this—I’m not worthy to do it.”
The half-Elf closed her eyes. She sat still as the play went on in the background. Pisces was still for a while, his eyes flicking to the play behind Ceria, and then he sighed.
“And yet, we follow you.”
Ceria looked up. Pisces pushed his plate back and looked at her, looked at Yvlon.
