5.27
Page 3
Erin sat back at the table as Ylawes frowned. She glanced at her stairs. Yvlon was probably still upstairs. She always came down with her hair combed and her armor on. That was dedication.
“You’re here to see Yvlon, right?”
Ylawes frowned, caught off-guard by the change in conversation. He hesitated and then nodded.
“I’d like to talk with her, yes. I can’t help but feel she’s been avoiding me of late.”
“Gee, I wonder why.”
Erin rolled her eyes. Ylawes frowned.
“Is she?”
For a second Erin wished she had a mug to polish. That was a very [Innkeepery] thing to do, she felt. She shrugged as she poked Mrsha’s stomach and made the Gnoll giggle silently.
“She’s your sister. You tell me.”
“Would that I could. But I’ve never been able to understand my sister’s mind. I would be grateful if you could advise me.”
Erin paused, frowning.
“I’m just an [Innkeeper]. I shouldn’t have to tell you. Although I could give you psychiatric help. The doctor is in!”
She grinned, struck by a nostalgic thought. Ylawes just looked blank.
“Pysc—what?”
“Advice. For five copper coins.”
Erin didn’t really expect Ylawes to bite. She was just teasing him and indulging herself. But when the [Knight] reached for his belt pouch and produced the coins, Erin had to find a mug to shake them in. Selys and Ylawes watched, although the Drake knew enough to know Erin was just being weird.
“Alright, I’ve had enough fun. You want advice, Ylawes? When your sister comes down the stairs, don’t ask her to come back to your home or tell her your family misses her. In fact, don’t tell her what to do. Just say hi and have a nice chat.”
“I wasn’t going to—”
Ylawes broke off, and Erin nodded knowingly.
“See? That’s honesty. Which is good! You were going to ask her if she wanted to return home, weren’t you? She’d hate that. That’s why she doesn’t want to talk to you. That, and she resents you being here.”
“She resents me being here? Why?”
This time both Selys and Erin sighed as one. Mrsha copied them happily. Ylawes looked at them, confused. Erin looked at him, exasperated and amused.
“Why do you think? You’re her big older brother, coming to tell her what to do and ‘protect’ her when she’s a grown woman! Plus, you’re the thing she wants to be. A [Knight], a Gold-rank adventurer…all the things she failed to become. I just bet she always got compared to you growing up, didn’t she?”
“She did. I never gave it any thought. But how could you know that?”
Ylawes looked stunned, which greatly pleased Erin. She gave him her most mysterious smile.
“Let’s just say I had a feeling. Do you trust me now?”
The [Knight] had to nod. Selys gave Erin an admiring look.
“You’re pretty good at this advice thing, Erin. Is it because of your class? Or a Skill?”
“Nah. I mean, maybe it is but this kind of story was really common back in my—uh country. In any…country, I bet. But you’re right, I am good at this! Hey, maybe I should open up a side business!”
“Before you do that—”
Ylawes coughed and all three females turned their gaze back to him. Mrsha, Selys, and Erin—three races, alike in their exasperation for a brother’s lack of understanding. Well, maybe not Mrsha. She was just pretending. But she was having fun, which was the key. Ylawes stroked his chin, frowning.
“You say Yvlon’s trying to get out of my…shadow. But then why did she agree to let me help her explore the dungeon? And why hasn’t her team entered the dungeon yet? I know they’re prepared. But every time I ask Miss Springwalker I get only evasive answers. That was why I came to talk to them today, actually.”
