5.27
Page 13
“The Halfseekers are known in the south of Izril as well. We were impressed by the battling of all three of your teams. Truly courageous. Sir Halrac’s defeat of the giant moth by himself was astounding, as was the Silver Sword’s prowess. But the Horns of Hammerad also astounded, truly.”
At that, Earlia glanced towards the Horns, who were sitting back, slightly overshadowed by their illustrious colleagues. She offered them an apologetic smile.
“Horns of Hammerad? I’m afraid we haven’t even heard of your team. We’re from far up north, past Invrisil. We’ve been on the road for the last month, ever since we heard about the dungeon!”
“They were part of the fighting against the moths. One of them actually cast the weather spell that ended the battle.”
“You did? Incredible! We heard about that? Are you a [Weather Mage]?”
Earlia looked at Pisces, and then Ceria. Both demurred and then Earlia spotted Ksmvr.
“An Antinium?”
“I am Ksmvr. Hello.”
Erin looked around desperately. There was no end to the explanations! She looked at Lyonette and pointed.
“Break out the whiskey, Lyonette. I think we need a few drinks so everyone can get to know one another.”
That idea was received well by all parties, except by the newcomers, strangely enough. Earlia raised a hand.
“Oh, not for us. We can’t drink now.”
“Neither we.”
Nailren nodded. He was looking out the window at the pouring rain and sniffing. He coughed politely and looked to Erin.
“As much as we would delight in talking, we cannot drink or eat overlong. We are bound for the dungeon as quickly as possible. And we would greatly appreciate directions.”
“Same here.”
Earlia nodded and shifted her grip on her warhammer. The other adventurers stared at them. Revi was the first to speak up.
“Are you serious?”
 
—-
 
“A Gold-rank dungeon. When was the last time one of those has been discovered? A century ago? Two?”
Earlia shook her head wonderingly. She hadn’t heard the latest news about the dungeon, that Tekshia had proclaimed it suitable for teams of Gold-rank or higher. Neither had The Pride of Kelia. They sat at their tables as Ylawes, Jelaqua, and Revi delivered the bad news in turns. Earlia shook her head.
“I can see why, though. Isn’t the dungeon underwater at the moment? It’d be a hell of a thing for a Bronze-rank team to enter. And the moths that came out—that’s Gold-rank for sure.”
“Exactly. So sorry that the Adventurer’s Guild hasn’t spread the word. But that’s the way it is. You can probably find some work dealing with the fish or something, but I’m afraid you’ve come all this way for nothing.”
Revi gave both teams a sweet, fake smile of regret. Earlia eyed her and looked at Nailren. The Silver-rank Gnoll Captain was looking at his team. He bowed his head, his ears twitching slightly.
“A danger indeed. We have heard rumors about the dungeon. Treasure obtained, monster hordes…it is a threat worthy of the rank.”
“Yeah.”
Earlia sighed. Then she slapped her knees and stood up.
“Alright, let’s go in. Nailren, want to cooperate until we get into the dungeon? Word is it’s a labyrinth so we can split up easily.”
The Gnoll grinned as he stood with his team.
“You read my mind, yes? We can at least hire a boat together. Shall we?”
They strode for the doors. The Gold-rank teams scrambled to stop them.
“Wait, wait! Didn’t you hear? This is a Gold-rank dungeon!”
Revi looked outraged. Earlia stared at her and then frowned.
“So?”
“So? So it’s dangerous you moronic—”
Revi was muffled by Ylawes as he moved to block her. The [Knight] smiled apologetically.
