5.27
Page 16
Earlia hesitated and looked at Nailren. She lowered her warhammer a bit.
“That’s…useful. Are you telling us you’ll sell us the food?”
“And I’ll get you a boat and escort. I know where the dungeon is.”
“What? Erin, you can’t be serious!”
Jelaqua was outraged. The Selphid strode forwards.
“You’re planning on letting this lot enter?”
“Absolutely. And I’m going to need a copy of that map. Which I will buy from you and which other people can buy from me. If you need potions, Octavia can get you extras. And I’d get more because Raskghar are the least of your worries down there! There’s Flesh Worms, undead, giant metal armor dudes, this thing that collects heads—Selys will write up a list.”
“I will?”
Erin ignored Selys. She locked gazes with Earlia and Nailren, looking from face to face.
“It’ll all be here tomorrow. Information, transport, everything. You can find an inn in Liscor or Celum. I’ll keep my door open. Find an inn, get settled, and if you need to, talk with the Adventurer’s Guild. But regardless, come back here and I’ll help you get into the dungeon.”
“Erin!”
She spun and glared at Jelaqua.
“What?”
Jelaqua looked furious. She pointed at the Silver-ranked adventurers.
“You’re going to get those kids killed! This is insane, even for you. If you let them go in—”
“If I don’t they’ll find another way. Or are you planning on beating them up and locking them up?”
Erin challenged the Selphid. Jelaqua opened her mouth furiously and tried to come up with a response.
“We—”
She hesitated and looked at Ylawes and Halrac uncertainly. The [Knight] was scrubbing a hand through his hair, looking frustrated. Halrac folded his arms.
“Erin’s right.”
“Halrac! You too?”
The [Scout] nodded. Erin gave him a grateful look. She turned and faced the others.
“You can’t stop Silver-ranked teams from going in. That’s what being an adventurer is all about, right? However, I can help. This inn will be more than a place for people to rest. If adventurers are going into the dungeon, I’ll try and make sure they come back out.”
“You are insane.”
Revi poked a finger at Erin. She glared back.
“Oh yeah? You do something then! Go ahead and stop them. I’ll try and stitch you back together once the fight is over, but no promises! I’m bad with needles.”
The Stitch-Girl looked around helplessly, mouth open in outrage. But Erin knew she was right. Both The Pride of Kelia and Gemhammer were ready to fight. And they were right, in a way. Erin didn’t quite look at the Horns of Hammerad.
“Playing it safe is all very well, but if they want to enter the dungeon responsibly, that’s their call. All I can do is help. That’s why I’m an [Innkeeper], not an adventurer. With that said—”
She swung back to both teams and looked at them.
“Tomorrow. You don’t rush this. You get some sleep, figure out where you’re sleeping, and come back when you’re ready. You can try going now but I guarantee you that my magic stuff and maps and so on will help. Got it?”
Earlia and Nailren looked at her. It was the Human who lowered her sledgehammer first.
“You’re as crazy as they say. I like you! We’ll do it your way, Miss Erin. You wouldn’t happen to have any rooms for us, would you?”
Erin gave her a wide, relieved smile.
“Sorry. My Hobgoblins took all but two. I have a basement open if you can’t find any inns in Liscor, though. But I’m sure Celum has space.”
 
—-
 
