5.27
Page 14
“I’m sorry Miss Earlia, but the dungeon is truly dangerous. A Silver-rank team should not enter it. Even we Gold-rank teams hesitate to venture further in unwary. The Halfseekers have been cooperating with Griffon Hunt to enter via one entrance for two months and they have still encountered many, many setbacks. It would not be right for us to let another team enter when so many have perished or unleashed horrors by mistake.”
Earlia heard Ylawes out, nodding and looking concerned. Then she shrugged.
“Thanks, but we didn’t come this way to turn back now. Gold-rank or not, we’re entering this dungeon.”
She tried to brush past Ylawes. He moved to block her. Earlia frowned and put a hand on her warhammer’s hilt.
“Hey. Stop joking around here.”
“We’re not.”
Jelaqua answered for the others. She folded her arms, her tail curling up around one leg.
“I know you came all this way, but you kids are in over your heads. We can’t let you enter the dungeon. And the Adventurer’s Guild and the city will back us.”
“Really?”
The Human and Gnoll adventurers looked at each other. Earlia stood straighter to confer with Nailren.
“Might be best to head in right now if the Adventurer’s Guild and the city’s going to cause a fuss.”
“Are you insane?”
Revi burst out. Earlia gave her an impatient look.
“Maybe? Move aside, Gold-ranks. We’re going in. My team and I did not ride for a month straight just to turn back now.”
“What about caution for your lives?”
Ylawes folded his arms. Earlia snorted.
“Caution is for Gold-rank teams, old man. We’ll never succeed if we hide and run from every challenge. Or have you forgotten what makes us adventurers?”
She jabbed a thumb at her chest.
“We know the dungeon’s above our pay grade. But that doesn’t mean we can’t handle it with luck and Skill. We’ll go in, get our measure of the place, and go out. We might get killed, we might not. But if we don’t try, who’ll conquer it? You lot? No thanks. There’s treasure down there and we mean to have it.”
“Exactly. We have come for the dungeon. It is wrong of you to try and stop us. If it is death we seek, let us find it and fight it with tooth and claw.”
Nailren growled and his team growled with him. The Gold-rank adventurers looked at each other uncertainly. Earlia tried to step around Ylawes and this time ran straight into Dawil.
“Hold on, Human. You may not know this, but the last group of adventurers set off the attack on Liscor.”
The others looked at him askance, but Dawil went on, never taking his eyes off of Earlia.
“They had no idea what they were doing, bumbling about. How’ll you lot account for the dead if you screw up?”
He looked up challengingly at Earlia and Erin held her breath. But the young woman didn’t so much as blink. She bent down and grinned toothily at Dawil.
“We’ll figure that out when it happens, Dwarf. But if we were good at planning ahead we wouldn’t be adventurers.”
Her team laughed at that, and cheered, lifting their weapons. Earlia looked around and raised her voice.
“We’re going in. Danger or not. We’re adventurers. Not Gold-rank. Not yet. And we’re not running from a challenge.”
Nailren nodded. His ears slowly flattened and he drew his bow.
“It is perhaps best we met you so we could say it to your faces first, no? We will not abide by your rules. We will enter ourselves. And if you would stop us, then try.”
The Silver-rank adventurers raised their weapons. The Gold-rank ones, the ones blocking the way, put a hand on theirs but looked uneasy about a fight. Earlia looked around and called out.
“You! Horns of Hammerad! Are you with us?”
