5.27
Page 11
“It really is a magic doorway! Look at that, Earlia!”
“I see that! Hallo there! Is this inn open?”
Earlia, the woman with the sledgehammer, called at Mrsha, who was the one she could see. Mrsha immediately ran for it and hid behind Moore again. Erin hurried into view.
“Hello! Hello! We’re in! Come on through! Anyone want food? I’m Erin!”
The adventurers stared at her and then Earlia grinned.
“Alright then! Pile on through you lot!”
They hurried into the inn with a bit too much eagerness. Erin saw Octavia sigh and peered at her suspiciously. The [Alchemist] waved and then the door closed. Suddenly the inn was full of people! Erin saw the adventurers gaping at the huge space behind her and was acutely grateful for her [Grand Theatre] Skill.
“Sit anywhere you like! Put your stuff anywhere you like! Hi, I’m Erin. This is my inn. I’m terribly sorry for the delay—you’re the second band of adventurers who’ve come through this morning! These are all other adventurers—want food?”
“Dead gods, what a lot of teams! Is this some kind of inn that caters to adventurers?”
Earlia stared around at the other teams. She shifted her warhammer and then caught sight of one of the Redfang Goblins standing at the back of the inn. She immediately changed grips.
“Hobs!”
Her teammates instantly grabbed for their weapons. Erin waved her hands frantically.
“Wait, wait, wait!”
She needn’t have shouted. As soon as Earlia had exclaimed she was shouting at her teammates.
“Hold! Hold, damn it all! They’re not attacking!”
She’d made the obvious conclusion that if the Hobs were in the inn with the adventurers, they couldn’t exactly be rogue monsters. Still, half of her teammates refused to put down their weapons. Erin saw some of the Gnolls shifting uneasily too. She waved her hands for everyone’s attention.
“Excuse me! We have an important rule in this inn! Please read that!”
She pointed to the sign she’d put on the wall right by the doorway. The adventurers read it.
“No killing Goblins?”
They exchanged incredulous looks, but Earlia nodded as if she’d expected it. She whistled softly as she glanced at Erin and then looked around the giant common room.
“So the rumors are true after all.”
“Rumors?”
The adventuress nodded. She stowed her warhammer against a wall and held out a hand. Erin shook it, feeling her rough calluses. Earlia gave her a cocksure grin.
“Sorry about that, Miss. Yes, the rumors! I didn’t believe it myself—though we’d have to travel for another four days to get to Liscor! But we heard all manner of talk the closer we got to Celum. People say there’s a crazy inn just outside of Liscor with Hobgoblin security and a magic doorway. They say the inn’s guarded by Hobs and Hollowstone Deceivers, and that the innkeeper can melt folks with her eyes!”
“They do?”
Erin was flattered. Earlia laughed.
“Not just that! We heard for a fact that the inn’s got more than a few tricks up its sleeve. This place fought off hundreds of moths during the Face-Eater Moth attack on Liscor! It’s famous! Uh, what’s the name of it?”
“The Wandering Inn!”
She didn’t know whether to be indignant or happy. Erin propped her hands on her hips.
“And I’m Erin! Erin Solstice! I told you that. Do people talk about me?”
Rumors had already spread about the attack on Liscor? That made sense—Wistram had broadcast the images of the battle across the world. But to Erin’s great disappointment Earlia bit her lip.
“Uh—no. We heard there’s a crazy Human living here—that you?”
“That’s me! They don’t even mention my name? What about me during the battle? What about the city?”
