5.27
Page 4
Erin’s smiled faded a bit. She took a deep breath.
“Hoo boy. Um…that’s a different reason altogether.”
“Would you explain it? My teammates are growing tired of waiting. As am I.”
Again Ylawes reached for his belt pouch but Erin stopped him. She chewed her lip and threw a quick glance up the stairs. No one was coming down yet.
“Alright, but this is secret.”
“You want me to leave?”
“Not that secret, Selys. It’s just—okay, here’s why. Ylawes, I know Calruz might be alive in the dungeon. Even though the odds are like a thousand to one.”
“Quite. The idea of someone surviving down there is remote. But there is a possibility, which makes it imperative to act now. I cannot understand why the Horns hesitate.”
Erin toyed with the empty platter.
“Maybe because of the past. If I told you that Ceria casts [Silence] on her and Yvlon’s room every night, would you understand?”
“Not in the slightest. Why would that be all important?”
Ylawes looked mystified. Erin sighed. Again she looked towards the empty stairs and then lowered her voice.
“It’s because Ceria wakes up screaming every other night. And Yvlon too. Pisces tells me they did it while they were exploring Albez, too.”
“Screaming? Why—”
“Because of the dungeons, Ylawes.”
The [Knight] paused. His furrowed brows unknit and he sat back. He closed his eyes.
“Of course.”
Selys looked at the two Humans and then stroked Mrsha’s head. She shook her own sadly.
“Nightmares about the crypt?”
Erin nodded.
“They still remember it. Obviously. Both of them lost their entire team—Yvlon was in charge. And they fought Skinner and Ceria was trapped for days inside a coffin with nothing to eat. I think Olesm has nightmares too, but he doesn’t talk about them.”
“I can’t imagine he wouldn’t. Even the best adventures have to deal with trauma. We’re told to prescribe sleeping potions and get them to good [Healers], but most never go.”
Selys looked sadly at her claws. Lines appeared around Ylawes’ eyes as he grimaced.
“I should have recalled. Yvlon didn’t talk long about it, but of course—of course she remembers. And fears going into the dungeon again.”
He shook his head bitterly.
“If that’s the case, I should go in with my team and tell her—“
“No.”
Erin cut him off forcefully. Ylawes stared at her. She frowned, vexed.
“Haven’t you been listening? The worst thing you could do is bring that up. Leave them be, Ylawes. Let them enter the dungeon when they’re ready. It won’t be long.”
“But if they fear it—”
“Ceria won’t abandon Calruz. She’s going to enter the dungeon.”
“And if she waits longer?”
Erin shrugged.
“Then the Halfseekers or Griffon Hunt will get in there. They’ve been untrapping the dungeon’s entrance for nearly a month now. Either way, someone will find Calruz if he’s alive. But telling them not to enter, telling them you’ll handle it? Don’t do that. How would you react if someone said that to you?”
Ylawes was silent. Caught, perhaps, with the novel idea of introspection. At last he raised his head.
“I see. Thank you for your advice, Miss Solstice. The best course would be to handle matters…differently.”
She eyed him.
“Planning on entering the dungeon without telling Yvlon?”
The golden-haired adventurer jumped. Erin sighed again. He really was easy to read. Like an open book with big letters and pictures.
“I won’t stop you. If Calruz is alive, someone has to save him. Just promise me—”
She broke off as she heard a creak from the stairs. Everyone looked up as Ksmvr marched down the stairs.
“We are arriving at breakfast approximately two minutes later than average, Captain Ceria.”
“Thanks, Ksmvr.”
