5.27
Page 1
She approached two of her early-morning guests. They were sitting apart from each other, but both looked up at Erin’s voice. Selys, tail swishing idly, and Ylawes, sitting with perfect posture in his seat.
“What’s that, Miss Solstice?”
“Breaded fish…flakes. Fresh from outside! They look like flakes. It’s a snack. Or dinner if I find a bigger fish to cut up. Want a try?”
Erin offered the plate to him. Ylawes hesitated and she wondered if breaded fish were not a thing he’d ever tried before. But Selys clearly had and Mrsha’s leaping up on the table to peer greedily at the platter convinced him. He took a piece and bit into it. Erin watched him chew and swallow before the [Knight] smiled at her.
“Ah. That is delicious. May I?”
“Sure. Selys, you want in on this?”
“Sure. Hey Mrsha, do you want to eat with me?”
Selys smiled at Mrsha as the Gnoll realized she’d get a helping too. They began eating at Ylawes’ table. The [Knight] glanced sideways at Selys and then helped himself to another fish flake.
“Did you say this was freshly caught?”
“Yup. Bird shot it this morning. He says there aren’t enough birds so he practices on the fish when he’s bored.”
“He can’t swim. How did he fetch them?”
“Oh, I had one of the Goblins go pick it up. Actually, this fish isn’t the one I got. A bunch of Quillfish were nibbling at the one Bird shot so Headscratcher grabbed them all. With his bare hands.”
“Ah, the Goblins.”
Ylawes paused in eating. He looked around, but the Goblins weren’t here. Neither were most of Erin’s guests. It was a bit too early for that; both he and Selys had arrived at the early morning shift, before Erin’s usual crowd showed up. The Goblins were, in fact, busy sparring outside of Erin’s inn. If she listened she could sometimes hear a thud when one of them hit each other particularly hard.
As for her adventurers, neither the Halfseekers nor the Horns of Hammerad liked getting up early. Back when Griffon Hunt had been around they would come down early, but the other teams liked sleeping in.
You got to know your guests. Erin knew she had about thirty minutes before the adventurers would come down so she settled down at the table. She bit into her fish flake and smiled as the hot oil and spices made her mouth water.
“Yum. Spicy, though. Hey, try dipping it in the mayonnaise, Selys.”
“Mm. This is good too. But I like spices.”
“Drakes love spices. But I’ve gotta think about my Gnoll and Human customers. You want a drink, Ylawes?”
The armored man had gotten a hot pepper seed and was flushing slightly. He nodded.
“I would be grateful.”
Erin found a tankard and filled it with milk behind the bar. She passed it to him and Ylawes drank quickly. Selys looked around.
“No Lyonette today? Is she still having…issues?”
Erin smiled.
“The opposite, actually. She’s doing well. I sent her into Liscor to do shopping while we wait to test her Skill again.”
“Oh? She got a new Skill?”
“Yeah. Would you believe it? She leveled again. She won’t tell me what level she is now, but get this—she got a rare Skill! [Flawless Attempt]!”
Ylawes looked up with interest as he dipped a fish flake in mayonnaise. Mrsha looked up as well, her mouth stuffed. Selys frowned.
“That is rare. I’ve never heard of that variation before. I’ve heard of the flawless line of Skills of course—[Flawless Strike], [Flawless Dodge], uh—”
“[Flawless Defence]. That’s a [Knight] or [Warrior]’s Skill.”
Selys nodded gratefully at Ylawes.
“Exactly. They’re good Skills. You can perform a perfect attack once every few hours. But attempt? What does that do?”
