5.28
Page 3
“We’re good! Moore’s the only one who got hurt and that was only after the Drakes rushed him. I’d be more worried about the Silver Swords!”
“My brother’s fine.”
Yvlon spoke quietly from her seat. She kept adjusting the gauntlets on her arms, tapping at them and grimacing. By her side, Ceria was sharpening her dagger on a whetstone while Ksmvr ate. Pisces was reading from a spellbook. They looked like normal on the surface, but the [Necromancer]’s leg was jiggling and Ksmvr was gobbling his food a bit too fast.
“We’re planning on entering the dungeon too. Today, I mean.”
Ceria met Nailren’s eyes. The Gnoll nodded at her.
“Interesting. We would welcome a joint expedition. Unless you plan on entering through the trapped area?”
Griffon Hunt and the Halfseekers frowned, but Ceria shook her head. She cast her head sideways and glanced at Pisces who stopped reading.
“We shall be using a different entrance.”
“A what?”
All the adventurers stared at Pisces. He sniffed smugly, clearly enjoying the situation. Revi leaned over and hissed at Halrac as Erin hurried into the kitchen, muttering about buying chairs in bulk from Celum.
“Another way in? How in the name of quilting did someone find—you don’t think they’ve got a leg up on us, do you?”
Halrac shook his head, his eyes flicking from Pisces’ face to Ceria’s nervous motions.
“If they have another entrance it doesn’t matter. We’re all entering the dungeon from different areas and no one knows where our objective is. They’ll be uncertain of their backs and that’s more dangerous than our route.”
“But we’re still untrapping—”
Revi broke off as the door opened. Watch Captain Zevara strode in—not from the magic door, but from the regular entrance that now led across the water. She shook water off her boots onto the rug as Erin poked her head out of the kitchen.
“Uh oh. Here comes trouble.”
“Not yet, Human.”
Zevara looked tired but resigned as she met Erin in the inn, looking around. The first thing she handed Erin was a bag of coins—payment for her broken furniture. Erin’s eyes went round.
“Wow, you’re sure? But I’m not a part of Liscor! Am I?”
The Watch Captain shrugged.
“You are not. But the fight was started by citizens of the city and Wall Lord Ilvriss. And Drake law is clear—we compensate business owners for damage.”
Erin eyed the Watch Captain.
“What about Krshia?”
The Drake looked blank.
“What about her? We compensated her for her shop and goods. As much as we could after appraising the magical items the thief—er, Miss Lyonette’s seized possessions. We don’t pay out of the city’s funds.”
“But what about the—”
Erin hesitated. She bit her tongue as Zevara peered at her suspiciously.
“Well, thanks! I guess Ilvriss has a lot of money.”
“He is a Wall Lord. What about Miss Krshia?”
“Nothing! So, why are you here, Watch Captain? Just to give me money?”
The Drake grunted, folding her arms and peering at Erin. After a while she gave up and shrugged.
“No, I am also investigating the cause of last night’s disturbance. This play. I’ve received a petition with a thousand signatures on it already. Can you arrange a viewing for me? Or recreate the offending scene?”
Erin sucked in her lips.
“Maybe. Let me see if I can find Wesle. If not…well, I’m no [Actor] but I could give it a shot.”
