5.28
Page 9
“It does feel like that! And I don’t know why I’m making such a big deal of all this! Just come back, okay?”
Erin sniffed into Pisces’ robes. The [Necromancer] squeezed her ever so hesitantly and then stepped back.
“That you care matters. And this is the first time we are entering the dungeon. I…I will promise you this. It will not be the last.”
He turned and then hesitated. Pisces seemed to fight with himself for a moment and then turned back.
“We will be well.”
He left with that. No smug comments, no arrogance. Erin knew he really was worried. She sniffed as the Horns cast off with the Silver Swords following.
No one watched them go. A few people saw them head out but when they headed away from the dungeon’s rift, they assumed the adventurers weren’t bound for the dungeon. There were more boats cautiously fishing with nets and hooks in the water. The two teams passed all of them by. They headed north, past the city and then towards a hill partially submerged in rain. The adventurers disappeared into the crypt, a spot almost forgotten. The horrors of Skinner were long vanquished. What reason had they to be there? Only Erin knew. She watched as they went. Then she turned.
Lyonette was holding Mrsha as the Gnoll sniffed. Drassi was staring out into the rain anxiously. Behind them, the five Redfang Goblins looked restless. They straightened as Erin looked at them.
“Do you want to go in there too?”
They didn’t respond. But Headscratcher met Erin’s eyes for a second and then looked away. She nodded.
“Wait.”
That was all they could do. So Erin sat at her table. Then she got up and pointed.
“I’m going out. Lyonette, wait there. I’ll be back. I need to set something up. Drassi, how would you like to be paid to sit and talk with people for an entire day?”
“Ooh, what did you have in mind?”
Erin opened the door to Liscor. She stepped out into the rain and strode through the streets. She was waiting. And in the dungeon three teams stepped into the darkness. And the darkness was waiting.
 
—-
 
Three groups entered the dungeon. The first halted at a door tagged with glowing chalk. They formed up, Seborn and Halrac in front. The Drowned Man had a dagger in his hands. Halrac had an arrow glowing with frost drawn.
“Let’s begin.”
Behind the two trap experts stood Typhenous and Jelaqua. Revi and Moore brought up the rear. Seborn held up a hand as he inspected the door. They’d come through this door countless times but he still checked it. Not just for traps; for signs someone had opened it.
“Hay’s still there.”
He plucked a piece of straw out of the doorjamb. Halrac nodded. He held up three fingers and counted down. Seborn waited and then yanked the door open. Both adventurers looked into the room. Halrac trained his bow on the first thing he saw until he recognized it.
“Metal pillar. We’ve been here.”
He nodded at a mark made on the far wall. Seborn squinted at it.
“Recheck.”
“Of course.”
Both [Scout] and [Rogue] used their Skills to check the room for changes. But there was no discernible difference so Halrac motioned.
“The pillar’s a blade trap. Stay to the edges. We disarmed it without you but you never know.”
Seborn nodded and Jelaqua relayed the quiet words to Moore and Revi.
“We can get Moore to hit it on the way back out if we have time.”
“Does that…help?”
“He might be able to grow plants over the thing if he can make a gap. Or just break the mechanisms.”
