5.28
Page 6
Erin unsteadily walked across the bridge as it shifted slightly underwater. The footing was surprisingly firm given the downpour, but the dark skies and the way the bridge would sometimes move underfoot was unnerving. After a while, Revi glanced behind her and muttered to her companions.
“Why do we have to put up with her?”
The Halfseekers ignored her. So did Revi’s team at first. Her complaining was something they had gotten used to. But Halrac turned his head back to answer as they drew closer to the mound of earth guarded by a platoon of [Guardsmen] from Liscor.
“Because she’s helped us before. And because she sells us magical food cheap.”
“Ah. Right.”
Revi grimaced and tugged at her tongue as if she wanted to pull it out. Erin wondered if she actually could. Stitch-People did weird things. The Scale Soup she’d served the adventurers was certainly effective—according to Moore it was like a lesser [Barkskin] spell. But it was also about as appealing as eating a bunch of fish scales mixed with glue, which, it had to be said, were major components of the actual soup. Now her stitch-flesh was tough enough to withstand cuts from an unenchanted dagger. But it was still unpleasant.
“So that’s the entrance to the dungeon?”
Erin called out as she followed Griffon Hunt. Ramparts made out of dirt and stone had been constructed at the end of the water bridge. And in behind them, a large gaping tunnel lead down into the earth. Drakes and Gnolls stood on the battlements, staring into the depths or peeking back at the approaching adventurers.
“That’s right. The Antinium dug up the ground around the entrance. It hasn’t begun to leak yet.”
Jelaqua called over her shoulder. Erin stared at the drenched fortifications ahead. She remembered the entrance sitting out in the open, surrounded by adventurers and [Merchants] eager to explore it.
Now the dungeon was a small dirt fort surrounded by water, abandoned by all but a few groups of adventurers. There was no sense of curiosity or excitement surrounding it anymore. It sat wetly in the pouring rain, the dark opening waiting. In that, Erin thought she liked the dungeon more now. It looked like what it was. A trap.
“Well, here we are. I don’t think you want to come further. You can go back now.”
Revi looked pointedly at Erin as the others began climbing the ramp leading up to the dungeon. The [Innkeeper] looked at the Stitch-Girl.
“You be careful, okay? If you’re in trouble send a [Message].”
“As if you could do anything about it.”
The [Summoner]’s harsh words were betrayed by the way she let Erin hug her. She patted Erin awkwardly on the shoulder and headed into the dungeon.
“Better not hug me. I’m on fire.”
Jelaqua grinned at Erin. She nodded and the girl tried to smile. Moore was next. Erin grabbed his hand. Typhenous let Erin hug him and Halrac merely nodded. Erin looked around and frowned.
“Seborn?”
“Here.”
She jumped. The Drowned Man stood behind Erin. The Human half of his face looked unreadable as ever. Erin looked at Seborn and tried to smile.
“So you’re going in. Are you nervous?”
“We’ve done this dozens of times before. Don’t worry about us.”
“So I should worry about the others? Will they be okay?”
Seborn paused as he checked his daggers. The others were talking with the [Guardsmen] on the ramparts.
“No one’s ever not nervous. But I think we’re determined to make progress today.”
“Because of what the others said?”
The Drowned Man half-smiled. It was a strange look, watching half his face twist while the other half remained still.
