5.28
Page 7
“Let’s just say that they reminded us we’re not alone. It’s not pleasant, being called a coward.”
“They didn’t say—”
“They didn’t need to. And they’re right, in a way.”
“Really?”
Erin had never heard Seborn talk this much. It was a sign of nerves. The Drowned Man nodded as he drew an enchanted dagger that sent a fiery spark into the waters.
“We could be more aggressive. It’s true. What the Pride of Kelia and Gemhammer are doing is dangerous. Exceptionally so. But it’s not more than what we did when we were Silver-rank.”
“You did stuff like that?”
An obvious question. But Erin just wanted to let Seborn talk. He nodded.
“Silver-rank teams risk their lives to reach the level of Gold-rank adventurers. We’re more cautious with our lives because we have that much more to lose. It is cowardly, but it’s why we get to keep on living. Sometimes though, we have to remember to be bold. That’s what makes us Gold-rank. Not cowardice.”
“And Named Adventures? What makes them?”
Seborn paused. He looked at Erin and his gaze was…sad.
“They’re the ones who never stopped diving into the abyss. Some of them are heroes. Most are just insane.”
He turned.
“Thank you for coming. I think the others appreciate it more than they’ll say. We’ve done this dozens of times, but adventurers are superstitious too.”
“Hey.”
Erin stopped him as Seborn went for the entrance. He turned and she held out a hand.
“Come back safe.”
He blinked at her. He shifted his dagger but she waggled her hand. Slowly, the Drowned Man held out his claw hand. With exquisite care he closed the crab-like hand over Erin’s. She shook it, feeling the cold, hard shell under her skin. Seborn looked at her and then smiled.
“We truly were thankful to meet you. Keep a table open. I still like seafood, you know.”
Then he turned and walked up the ramp. Erin watched him go. The first group entered the dungeon. The second departed at lunch.
 
—-
 
“We’re good. Thanks, Miss Solstice.”
“You’re sure?”
“We’ve got boats. We’ve got rocks to sink with—hell, we could probably do it with what we’re carrying. If we get chewed up on the way down that’s that. But we bought a potion of water breathing and we’ll share it between us so we can get back up if we miss our target.”
“Indeed. Thank you for the soup.”
“I dunno if you should thank me. It’s awful, I know.”
“I’ve never found a potion that tasted great.”
Earlia smiled as she balanced in the rocking boat. Her team was already sitting and there were two more boats. Both were crewed by Drakes hired from Liscor. They were going to head straight for the rift.
“Like Zevara said, send a [Message] if you’re in trouble. You can use that spell, right?”
“Our [Gem Mage] can. Not sure about the Pride’s [Shaman] but we’ll stick together. This is just testing the waters. Maybe more if we get rolling. Alright, we’ve got to go before the boats fill up.”
Earlia nodded to Erin and headed to her boat. Nailren smiled at her.
“Do not be so anxious. Not for our sakes. We are acquaintances, yes? You barely know us.”
“I want to get to know you more. Come back, okay?”
“If we can, we will.”
The Gnoll’s eyes were calm but he gripped Erin’s hand tighter than he had before as he stepped towards the boats. She saw them cast off into the waters.
