5.28
Page 12
Earlia kept her voice to a low snap. She grabbed her shield and raised it, hunkering behind it. The Humans formed a wall of their bodies and shields for the Gnolls.
“Hold the line! When the warriors come up, I want Timgal, Fea, and Blaik on me! The rest keep your shields up!”
The Gnolls kept loosing arrows and the Raskghar moved back. One began to beat the walls in a quick rhythm with a stone mace. The sound echoed down the corridor.
“Calling for reinforcements.”
Nairlen’s voice was tight as he aimed and loosed. He snarled as his [Double Shot] made a Raskghar fall with two arrows in his chest. Earlia snarled herself.
“It was an ambush! Just like the [Innkeeper] said! Hold tight! We’re getting through this!”
The adventurers and Raskghar fought, the sounds echoing but not too far. Both sides kept quiet for fear of what they might attract. But they were already being watched. And as more shapes moved out of the darkness, the adventurers realized there were a lot of Raskghar. And then the brutal ancient cousins of Gnolls moved in for the attack.
 
—–
“So this is the secret entrance you were talking about.”
Falene shook her head as she stared down the dark shaft of stone leading down that Pisces and Olesm had found. She peered into the darkness and looked back.
“I assume you checked for traps?”
“We did. Conduct your own investigation if you are so concerned.”
Pisces snapped back. He stepped to the edge as Falene whispered a spell. Behind him Ceria looked on with Ylawes.
“Incredible. A third entrance to the dungeon and this one connects to the crypts. One wonders how extensive this dungeon is.”
Ylawes stared into the pit, looking troubled. Dawil was more practical. He grunted as he squatted down over the edge, not bothered by the drop.
“That’s far down. What’s the plan for getting down there? Jump and [Featherfall]? Or rope?”
“It’s dangerous to leave an exit for monsters to get out of.”
“More dangerous than cutting off our escape route?”
Ceria countered, looking at Ylawes. He shrugged.
“I’d be more comfortable letting Falene toss a rope back up when we need to go. She can do it with [Telekinesis].”
“What if she’s dead? Or hurt?”
The [Knight] paused.
“She won’t be.”
Ceria exchanged a glance with Yvlon. The female warrior looked troubled.
“And if she is?”
Ylawes frowned, but in the end agreed to put down a rope for a quick exit. He waited until Ksmvr had declared it secure with Dawil’s approval before nodding.
“You take that rope down. We’ll go in first.”
“What?”
“I insist. We’re a Gold-rank team and prepared to deal with whatever is down there.”
“There should be just bones. Isn’t that right, Pisces?”
The [Necromancer] sniffed.
“There are bones. It is a burial chamber for the Raskghar. I scouted it with a Shield Spider before and one is down there now.”
Everyone stared at him. Pisces raised his eyebrows.
“Oh, come now. Did you expect us to enter a dungeon without proper scouting?”
He looked pointedly at the Silver Swords. Falene narrowed her eyes slightly. Ylawes looked put out.
“So you intend to scout with…undead?”
“Far better than living beings. Unless one of you has a class specializing in trap detection? How were you planning on exploring the dungeon?”
Falene raised her eyebrows.
“I am quite capable of detecting magic.”
“And floor traps?”
Pisces didn’t wait for a response. He looked at Ceria and Yvlon.
“Once we arrive below I intend to reanimate at least eight of the skeletons. They will form an advance guard and scout ahead. I can also fashion a Bone Horror.”
“One of those things?”
