5.28
Page 1
“Yeah. But he didn’t use his claws. I knew he was good because he was a Wall Lord and all, but he was good. The adventurers aren’t good with fighting with their hands. And all his cronies beat down anyone who attacked him. But still; he was knocking everyone around while I tried to get people to safety.”
What a mess that had been. Erin vaguely recalled punching Ilvriss in the stomach before Ceria and Yvlon had charged him to rescue her. Then it had been trying to restore order with her friends and employees while the main fighting burnt itself out. Erin scowled.
“We did a good job, but even four Hobgoblins had trouble keeping everything contained! In the end everything stopped once eighty percent of the people were knocked out.”
“Yeah, that generally happens in a fight. But what about the Wall Lord guy? I can’t imagine he’d stop fighting just because everyone else was down. I’d have tried to take out everyone standing and then run for it before the Watch showed up.”
Erin glanced sideways at Relc.
“Aren’t you…”
He stared at her expectantly. She decided not to ask and continued.
“Well, he was winning right up until he wasn’t. Mrsha was running around and she nearly got hurt. So then Moore got mad. He grabbed a table and started hitting people with it! Gently. I think Ilvriss tried to stop him—Moore picked him up and threw him across the room. That’s the wall he hit.”
Erin pointed at one of her walls. Relc peered at it. There wasn’t any visible damage thanks to another of Erin’s Skills, but there was a suspicious stain halfway up the wall, as if someone had thrown up a bit when they’d been hurled full-force into the wall. He grinned.
“Awesome.”
The young woman glared at him. Relc raised his claws innocently.
“What? It is! That is one of the coolest bar fights I’ve heard of in a while! And it started because they didn’t like your play?”
“Yup. They didn’t like it. Not one bit.”
Erin sighed. This entire affair had begun over Juliet and Romeo, a slightly updated take on the Shakespearian classic. Unfortunately, one of the updates had been casting a Drake as Juliet and a Human as Romeo. Both Wesle and Jasi had managed to escape the bar fight without many injuries, but the Players of Celum were understandably upset. Erin looked helplessly at Relc.
“Tell me I’m not going to have to replace all of my broken stuff? Please?”
“Nah, you’re cool.”
Relc finished scribbling on the piece of parchment, blew on it, and then tucked it into his leather armor. He waved a claw around carelessly as more people started waking up. It was just past dawn.
“Standard procedure is for us to compensate you for all your broken stuff. Fine the perpetrators all something or toss them in jail if they can’t pay. But since Wall Lord Ilvriss started the fight, we’ll probably just charge him.”
“Just like that?”
“He’s rich. And it’s easier that way.”
Relc shrugged nonchalantly. He spotted Ilvriss getting up—the Wall Lord had used a healing potion and so he looked furious but no worse for the wear. The Drake was having the rest of his retainers pick up the unconscious ones or kick the rest awake as Relc called out to him.
“Hey Wall Lord! We’ll tally the damages and send you a bill for it later, okay?”
Ilvriss looked up. He glared at Erin and shouted back, making most of the unconscious patrons groan and wake up.
“Do what you want! As for, you, Human—”
He jabbed a claw at Erin.
“That play is a disgrace! I demand it be changed!”
“No! Go away, you jerk!”
Erin shook a fist angrily at Ilvriss. She pointed back to her trashed stage.
