5.28
Page 10
The adventurers made their way through the room. Again, Halrac and Seborn checked the door. This time they didn’t speak as they made their way to the next corridor. The first room was done. The next one would be random as well. Such was the nature of this dungeon; each room was selected from a group of trapped rooms and so the layout was different every time. It was meant to frustrate anyone trying to enter the dungeon safely.
However, there was a flaw to that kind of dungeon making. With time and patience, a good team could neutralize every trapped room and proceed freely regardless of which room they got. The next room was similarly neutralized; Seborn recognized the narrow corridor.
“Pit trap. Metalbite Slimes. We took out the pressure plate.”
“Understood.”
The two moved ahead. They spoke little, but their conversation alone hinted at the good relationship they had. They proceeded through the fourth room and fifth, each time running into a cleared trap.
“This is a record for us. You?”
“We made it this far before. Took out a trap that tried to boil us alive.”
“You mean burn.”
“Nope. Doubt we’ll get lucky again.”
The [Rogue] pushed open the door and nodded.
“Thought not. Look at that.”
This room was almost insultingly safe looking. A bed had been placed in the center of the room, a lovely-looking king-sized bed. It looked enchanted, which was probably the reason it had held up so long. Halrac grunted.
“They’re not even trying. What is—”
A hand blocked his view. Instantly Halrac jerked back. Seborn averted his gaze.
“Some kind of spell on the bedposts.”
“Clever.”
Halrac had barely looked at the bed but he felt something sting his sensitive eyes. He drew back and Seborn shielded him from the doorway.
“Everything alright?”
Jelaqua looked at the two. Halrac relayed news of what lay ahead. Typhenous stroked his beard.
“Rune trap magic, most likely. I can try to dispel it—”
“Don’t bother. It’s not the only trap. They want us to try and get close to the bed. I’m sure it’ll do something. Turn out to be an illusionary golem or something. We’ll take it out from afar.”
“Ah. Let me know if you need a spell.”
Halrac looked back at Seborn. The Drowned Man was fishing at his belt.
“We could use a [Sticky Webs] spell. Or do you think it’s too risky?”
“I was going to try activating the spell by hitting the post with something cutting. See what we’re up against. We can always block off the doorway.”
“You’ve got something that will work? I could shoot it.”
“Too risky. Might activate and damage your eyes. I’ll hit it blind. I’ve got these bags of flour from that [Alchemist]. I’ll fill the room and make a—”
“Dust explosion. I know.”
Halrac nodded. He was familiar with the idea. Back in his village he’d once seen a mill go up due to that very thing. It had been their only mill, in fact. They never built another one. Lost in thought, he waited, averting his eyes from the room beyond. There must have been a compulsion spell mixed in there too because he wanted to walk in there and lie on the bed. He did not.
Seborn busied himself, preparing the bags of densely packed powder. After a while Halrac spoke absently.
“It’s called straw, actually. Hay is feed. Dried grass, legumes. Straw is dead stalks.”
The Drowned Man looked up briefly.
“Really? I didn’t know that. We don’t get much straw at sea. What’s the difference between a hay bale and a straw one?”
“You don’t feed straw to animals.”
