5.28
Page 17
Typhenous blinked around at the statues. Moore had crushed the one nearest him by swinging the thing into the dungeons’ wall repeatedly until it broke. Typhenous looked back at Halrac.
“Well, it seems these traps are getting simpler. Or am I simply becoming more naïve in my old age?”
Halrac shook his head.
“As traps went that wasn’t bad. It would have been a bad fight if we’d picked it alone. Only Revi’s summons and your spells would have done any work.”
“And I suspect most adventurers armed with a warhammer aren’t as adept at fighting eight stone golems at once. Ah, yes. I see your point. But we have emerged victorious and to the victors go the spoils. I don’t suppose there’s even a chance these ones are safe, are they?”
“Don’t touch them.”
Typhenous nodded. The remaining pedestals did indeed hold wonderfully beautiful necklaces and jewelry, but all six Gold-rank adventurers would have rather gone back and fought twice as many stone golems as touch them. They were too inviting.
“I’m positive they’re cursed. How do you want to transport them? Should we?”
Typhenous peered at a necklace set with a huge diamond and tsked unhappily. Halrac reached for his belt.
“I’ve an empty bag of holding. Push it in here. Unless Revi can use her summons?”
“Stuff that idea! I don’t want to lose one to a cursed artifact!”
In the end, Halrac nudged each cursed ornament into his bag of holding, after Typhenous and Moore had decided  they weren’t going to explode on being handled, of course. The adventurers took a rest in the destroyed corridor and nodded to each other then. Jelaqua grinned.
“Now isn’t this a welcome surprise? Actual progress! And look at that entrance! I wonder if we could excavate it, maybe find a real shortcut into the dungeon? Because we know exactly where we are now. What do you think?”
“Maybe don’t give monsters an alternate route in.”
“True. In that case we need to shore up the wall. Damn. That’s a lot of work. A project for today, you think? We’ve already explored two more sets of rooms which I’m sure will be full with traps the next go around. And we have treasure! If we can get it disenchanted those jewels and the gold will go for something.”
“True.”
Both teams knew they’d done a good day’s work. They’d earned money—deferred, true, but a good amount with the cursed loot which might not be cursed if they were extremely lucky—and gotten to a new part of the dungeon. A wise team would do just what Jelaqua had said and resume untrapping the dungeon before proceeding. However…
It was Seborn who gave voice to their thoughts. The [Rogue] lifted a flask of water and drained half of it.
“Let’s go a bit farther. See what else we can find. We’re all in good shape.”
The other adventurers looked at each other. No one said it. But they were all thinking of what Seborn had told Erin. The other Silver-rank teams. The unspoken accusation.
Cowards. The Halfseekers looked at each other. Griffon Hunt turned to Halrac. He nodded.
“Another room.”
The adventurers got up and headed down the corridor in higher spirits. They came to an opening to their left, inside of which was a huge, circular room. It was vast, a half-dome with an extraordinarily flat floor. While the walls and ceiling of the domed room looked weathered by time, the floor was perfect.
Too perfect. And while there was a door on the far side, the adventurers weren’t about to try crossing the floor to get to it.
