5.28
Page 4
As it happened, Erin was able to send Lyonette into the city and locate Wesle within ten minutes thanks to Mrsha’s nose. By the time breakfast was over and the Halfseekers were conferring with Griffon Hunt, they saw Zevara watching Erin and Wesle acting out the controversial scene in question. The Watch Captain watched as Erin waved down at Wesle with a handkerchief and shook her head. Then the [Innkeeper] and [Actor] turned anxiously to Zevara. She looked at both of them and sighed.
“It’s not offensive.”
Both Humans sighed in relief. Watch Captain Zevara swished her tail as she studied Erin.
“This was played by a Drake, wasn’t it? Not offensive. Or rather, it’s not something I’d arrest anyone over. You can continue putting the play on. Just don’t expect many Drake visitors. Particularly the male ones. And consider staying out of the city for a day or two. There’s an uproar about the content of the play already.”
“Those jerks!”
Erin scowled, but Zevara had already turned her attention to the two Gold-rank teams. The Halfseekers were getting ready to go and Griffon Hunt was already at the door. The Watch Captain stared at the fiery golden breastplate Jelaqua was carefully putting on.
“So Miss Selys really did lease the Heartflame Breastplate.”
“That’s right.”
Jelaqua turned, her pale body illuminated by the magical glow of the artifact. Every head in the room turned towards her. Zevara stared and then coughed.
“I’m told your group is entering the dungeon today? As is a pair of Silver-rank teams and the Horns of Hammerad?”
She stared at the other adventurers who looked wary. Jelaqua nodded carefully.
“That’s right. Do you have a problem with that?”
Zevara hesitated before grimacing and shaking her head.
“I’ve consulted with the Adventurer’s Guild and Guildmistress Tekshia has declined to intervene. I will do the same on a few conditions.”
She turned her head and stared around the room, finding each team leader’s eyes, save for the absent Silver Swords and Gemhammer.
“I don’t care if you lot live or die down in the dungeon. That’s not my role. But the defense of the city is my role, and that means that if you wake up anything in the dungeon, I will hold you accountable for whatever comes out. This is classified information, but a Silver-rank team was responsible for the attack on Liscor.”
Zevara waited for a response, but even the Pride of Kelia didn’t react. Revi rolled her eyes.
“We know. We told you.”
The Watch Captain silenced her with a withering look. She turned up her glare a few notches.
“You have a responsibility as adventurers. I want a [Message] spell sent to the local Mage’s Guild the instant you find anything…extremely dangerous. Something that could threaten Liscor. I don’t care about treasure or adventuring secrets—if there’s something down there like the moths I expect to hear about it.”
She stared around and then grudgingly nodded.
“Please.”
With that, she turned and strode out of the room. Erin looked around as Wesle walked back through the door to Celum. She smiled anxiously.
“So that was nice. You’re all going in then, huh?”
“We’re going right now. Good luck to you.”
Halrac nodded at the other adventurers. The Pride of Kelia came over to shake his hand. Typhenous touched staffs with a Gnoll wearing beads and feathers. A [Shaman]? The Halfseekers did likewise and Jelaqua grabbed Ceria’s hand.
“You stay behind the Silver Swords. They’re good. I’ve seen them in action. It’s never wrong to retreat.”
