5.29
Page 20
“Okay, listen. Your team is Gold-rank. You’re good at fighting monsters. No one’s denying that. Dead gods, you might even be better than Griffon Hunt or the Halfseekers in a straight up fight.”
“Hah. I like how this is starting.”
Dawil grinned. Ylawes and Falene just kept frowning. Ceria sighed.
“But. You’re not a good team for a dungeon. You might be the worst team I’ve ever seen for dungeon diving, and that includes Bronze-rank teams!”
The Silver Swords gave each other incredulous looks. Ylawes coughed into his gauntleted hand.
“You’re exaggerating, surely.”
“Am I?”
Ceria pointed at Ylawes with a trembling finger.
“Every time you see a monster, you attack it! Or challenge it to a duel! In a dungeon filled with traps! You think the best way to get rid of traps is to walk onto them and hope you survive it!”
The [Knight] blushed a bit. Ceria pointed at Falene next.
“As for you—you think that [Detect Magic] is all you need to check for spells! And you won’t shut up when we’re supposed to be quiet! And you always have a snide comment! Even Pisces shuts up sometimes!”
“Why thank you, Ceria.”
Falene sniffed.
“I resent the comparison.”
Ceria nearly screamed.
“That’s what I’m talking about! As for you—”
She pointed at Dawil. The Dwarf blinked at her accusatory finger.
“Why does an [Axe Champion] have a hammer instead of an axe!?”
A moment of silence followed Ceria’s last shout. She colored as she realized she didn’t really have anything bad to say about Dawil. But it had been bugging her. Dawil chewed on his beard for a moment and then fished at his belt.
“I’ve got an axe. Here.”
He raised an ornate throwing axe. Ceria stared at it. Dawil tossed it up and down casually and shrugged.
“I got my class because I won a throwing competition. Drunk. Got crowned as champion and got the class. I don’t like axes as much as hammers. I’ve got one good throwing Skill. That satisfy you, Miss Nosy half-Elf?”
“Yes.”
Ceria rubbed at her head. Dawil nodded.
“Then I think it’s time we headed back.”
Ylawes and Falene looked at him in shock. Ylawes protested.
“You can’t be serious, Dawil! You agree with her?”
The Dwarf nodded calmly. He looked at the other adventurers and rumbled.
“She has a point. Lots of good points, actually. We’ve never cleared a dungeon anywhere near as dangerous as this before.”
“We made good progress. We killed the suit of armor. And the Face-Eater Moth we found. And the pack of ghouls.”
“And nearly walked over an exploding rune trap. And the other one that took out half of my skeletons.”
Pisces sniffed. Ylawes paused, glanced at him, and then away. Dawil nodded.
“Face it, Ylawes. The only thing that kept us from walking on traps were all the [Necromancer]’s little toys that did it for us. None of us have trap finding Skills. More importantly, we don’t do well as a team.”
He glanced meaningfully at Ceria and she nodded reluctantly. It was true. Neither team got along well. They stepped on each other’s toes, argued…and she could tell that Ylawes was willing to admit that, if nothing else. The [Knight] looked frustrated. Dawil stroked his beard and then grinned before bringing up a final point.
“Plus, two half-Elves is worse than one. Stands to reason we’re not getting anything done. We barely functioned as a team with one pointy-earred git holding down the team. With two…let’s call it a day, lad. We can work out a way to solve things over a hot meal.”
He gestured back the way he’d come. This time Falene was the only one who glared. Ceria just laughed. Dawil shot her a sideways grin and Ylawes nodded, resigned.
