5.29
Page 11
Jelaqua left it at that. She felt the adrenaline running through her host body and adjusted the glands to stop it. The battle was over. She began checking the Drake body she was inhabiting for stress fractures, damaged muscles, and so on. Moore sighed heavily and leaned on his staff. Sweat and spider blood covered his face.
“How long will Typhenous’ spell last, Halrac?”
“A few more shots. He might be able to cast a few spells after that.”
Halrac watched Typhenous, keeping an eye on the pit. After a while Revi and Seborn came over.
“He’s doing the spell? We got them?”
“We’ve cleaned up the Shield Spiders here. A few small ones might have escaped.”
Halrac nodded. Typhenous gasped as the last comet flew downwards. He sagged and both Halrac and Revi caught him.
“Easy, Typhenous.”
Revi offered him two potions, a stamina potion and a mana potion. Typhenous reached for the mana potion first. His hands shook a bit with fatigue. All the Gold-rank adventurers congratulated him. Jelaqua slapped Typhenous on the back.
“For an old guy you’ve got spirit! Wish we could contribute like that!”
“Your armor really let us cut those damn spiders off. As for the threat—”
Halrac glanced into the pit. Typhenous’ comets had wrought havoc among the spiders. But there were far, far too many hiding below for his comfort. He grimaced.
“We’ve pushed them back. I doubt they’ll make an attempt for the top for a while. But there’s no way we’ll be able to descend without clearing them out.”
“Not a task I’d relish performing alone.”
Typhenous grimaced as he took a swig from the mana potion. Seborn nodded as he gazed down.
“Clearing them out will be a difficult task. We could try poison. But the important part is making sure the spiders don’t escape up here. We’ll have to seal the entrance.”
“That’s our job. Moore can shift dirt and we can use the caved in part of the dungeon. Excavate some stone, seal it up.”
Jelaqua flexed her arms, and the other Gold-rank adventurers nodded. Typhenous took a few deep breaths.
“All worthy tasks. Still, we do have a captive audience. I feel as though I could hurl a few more fireballs down there.”
“Don’t tax yourself. Depleting a monster nest isn’t an overnight job. And now that we know there’s one shaft like this…I’d bet that if we tried another route into the dungeon we’d run into another shaft. The one the Face-Eater Moths came from, perhaps.”
Revi made a disgusted face.
“You think that’s the way the dungeon is set up? Horde style?”
“It makes sense. How else do you explain two mutually antagonistic monster populations thriving down here? They have to be separated from each other. Not to mention fed somehow.”
Halrac looked at the others and got reluctant nods. Jelaqua’s tail twisted through the Shield Spider blood and remains.
“Wonderful. But hey, we did it! Not much to salvage here with all the bits, but—”
She turned and gave the others a wide, toothy Drake grin. Revi’s scowl turned into a reluctant smile, and even Halrac had to nod.
“We did do it. The Adventurer’s Guild owes us a bounty, I think.”
“Our first mass-slaying bounty for clearing the dungeon. Think they even know what that is?”
“We’ll explain it to them repeatedly.”
The others laughed at Revi’s comment. All the tension they’d been feeling drained and they took another look into the pit. Revi stared dreamily at the huge Shield Spiders clustered at the bottom out of range of any further comets.
