5.29
Page 2
“Yeah. I know.”
Erin sighed, feeling her stomach clench unpleasantly. She frowned.
“I don’t get why they’re doing it. Of all the things to get mad about! I’ve done way worse things! I think.”
“But the play had a Drake marrying a Human.”
“So? I have Hobgoblins living under my roof.”
“I’m sure they’re not happy about that. But the play—look Erin, Drakes and Humans sometimes get along, but marrying each other? There’s a reason why most Human cities don’t have any Drakes in them and vice versa. Even Liscor, a border city, has a lot of Drakes who hate Humans.”
“But they have Drakes who like Humans.”
“Yes, Erin. But think of it like this. Liscor is next to Human lands. They’re liberal compared to most Drake settlements.”
“…Ah.”
“And marriage really gets people upset. Back at home there was a couple I heard about. A young [Lady] who married a half-Elf. A mob nearly tore both of them apart before they fled. The parents of the [Lady] disowned her and hired assassins to kill her.”
Erin looked appalled.
“Their own daughter?”
Lyonette nodded.
“Better to kill their daughter than let them marry the enemy. This could be a real problem.”
“I’m not going to ask the Players to change Jasi out for someone else! That’s not right!”
“Well…”
Erin heard the meaningful tone in Lyonette’s voice. It said that Erin was making a mistake. The [Innkeeper] crossed her arms and had another thought.
“I just hope those Drakes don’t come back for more trouble tonight! If they do I’m gonna get Headscratcher and the other Hobgoblins big clubs to keep order!”
The Goblins looked up. Lyonette winced.
“Can’t you stop them from fighting without needing force?”
“You mean with threats? That’s what the clubs are for.”
“No, I mean, with your Skill! You have [Inn’s Aura], don’t you? Why didn’t you calm everyone down with that?”
“I tried!”
Erin protested indignantly. She paused and frowned.
“I tried. I mean, I think I tried. I’m pretty sure it didn’t work because of Ilvriss. And because everyone was so mad.”
“Oh. I guess your aura couldn’t handle the crowd. Or Wall Lord Ilvriss cancelled it with his own.”
“Wait a moment. He can do that?”
Erin sat up. Lyonette nodded. She scratched behind Mrsha’s ears as the Gnoll listened drowsily to the adults talking.
“[Lords] can do that. They have aura Skills, just like anyone else. It’s more impressive you can do anything against him.”
“I remember him trying to pressure me once. Crap. I mean—”
The young woman bit her tongue as Lyonette pointed at Mrsha. She adjusted her vocabulary.
“You know about auras, Lyonette?”
“Maybe. I do have…expertise in the matter.”
“Uh huh.”
The two shared a meaningful look. Erin knew that Lyonette knew that she knew that Lyonette knew that Erin knew…something. About her being a [Princess]. She put her hands on the table, grateful for something to occupy her nervous thoughts.
“Okay, lay it on me. Anything I should know about my Skill? I can’t believe none of these things come with an instruction manual.”
“It would be nice. Sometimes a Skill or class has a secret to it that only a few people know. Auras are rare among most classes, so you don’t hear of them much. Noble classes, leaders, sometimes [Mages]…it’s rare even for them. I can’t remember hearing of an [Innkeeper] with an aura, but it is confined to your inn so it makes sense. Although that’s odd too.”
“What is?”
“People have auras, Erin. Inns, objects, generally don’t. Actually, everyone probably has an aura of some kind. But a Skill lets you manipulate it. Still, anyone can learn to resist most aura effects.”
