5.29
Page 3
“Right, right. I think I get it from watching Ilvriss. Or Zel, maybe.”
Lyonette looked sadly down at Mrsha who’d stopped smiling.
“Yes. Zel did have an aura, I think. He might not have been trained, but it would have made him look more…impressive. You can imagine it. A shining [General] leading an army.”
“What about a [King]?”
“They could have auras they make other people kneel to them. See them as shining figures. Or make them afraid. I hear that some royalty have auras so powerful that people kneel before them as they pass.”
“Wow. Could I do any of that?”
Lyonette laughed. Erin looked hurt.
“Hey! I have a Skill!”
“Yes, but you don’t know how to use it, Erin. An aura expert can make their aura visible or even use it as a shield for their body. You can terrify people with it when you’re mad. But you don’t practice.”
“Well, I can practice now. Let me try!”
“If you want. But auras aren’t something you can master overnight.”
“I bet I could stop a fight if Ilvriss wasn’t here.”
The [Princess] shook her head.
“Erin, auras work on the unprepared. I don’t have a Skill, but I doubt you could get yours to work on me. Not if I tried to resist it. Maybe you’d have been able to a few days ago. Now? No.”
There was a newfound confidence in her eyes as she looked up. She wasn’t insulting Erin—rather, she was explaining. Erin smiled.
“But I could practice, right?”
“You could. And I could teach you how to use your Skill on purpose rather than unconsciously.”
Lyonette smiled. She patted Mrsha on the head and stood. The Gnoll looked up curiously. Erin smiled and noticed Headscratcher poking Rabbiteater awake. They had an audience.
“Okay, what do I do first?”
“Get mad.”
“Mad?”
Mrsha reached up and Lyonette scooped her up into her arms. The Gnoll snuggled against her chest as Erin frowned. Lyonette nodded.
“Get angry. Use your emotions. Concentrate—an aura is something you focus like any part of your mind. Focus on what you want to do. Pressure me with your will.”
Erin tried. She reached into the core of her being, searching for…something. The force? A magic power inside her? She gritted her teeth.
“Okay, here goes. I’m getting mad! I’m pumped! I’m focusing my energy!”
“You don’t…have to say it out loud.”
“It helps! Okay! Here goes! Mad, mad—table flip! Getting really angry! I’m awakening my warrior instincts! You can’t stop me! This is not my final form! Graaah!”
Erin raised her arms and shouted, trying to push against Lyonette. The [Princess] and Mrsha stared at her wide-eyed as Erin shouted. In the silence, Erin lowered her raised arms.
“I feel silly.”
“I can’t imagine why.”
The sweet reply made Erin blush. Lyonette sighed as Mrsha smiled, looking not the least bit discomforted.
“Erin, you know how to use your aura. You’ve done it before. Don’t make a show. Just…project your authority. Remember when you used it?”
Erin thought back to when she’d been sitting across from the [Innkeepers] from Celum. Or when she’d yelled at Safry and Maran. She paused.
“Oh.”
This time, Headscratcher and the Goblins didn’t see Erin move. She didn’t make any flashy gestures or say anything. Her brows simply furrowed and when she raised her head, her gaze was—
Something changed in the inn. Headscratcher heard the sound of Numbtongue playing softly below stop. Mrsha looked up. Badarrow looked up and uttered a Goblin curse. Suddenly, the air felt heavy. Headscratcher got up and staggered. He tried to take a step and felt slower, as though something was weighing him down. The other Redfang Warriors exchanged glances.
