5.29
Page 21
“If that is how it must be, I suppose we have little choice. I had intended to make great progress, but—”
He broke off, shaking his head. In silence, the two teams trooped back down the corridor, passing by the patrol of enchanted armor they’d destroyed. Dawil paused to kick at one of the helmets.
“Not bad steel here. We could use a bag of holding. Claim the bounties on the moth and ghouls too. Worth a bit of coin.”
“Yeah. There’s that at least. You can have the bounty on the armor and moth. We’ll take the ghouls since Pisces snapped all their necks.”
Ylawes frowned.
“We should split it equally. We are a team, if in name alone.”
The headache that Ceria thought was fading sprang back into her head. She glared at Ylawes.
“Yes, but we didn’t do anything for the armor.”
“But as a team—”
Yvlon groaned and Pisces rubbed at his eyes tiredly as the two began arguing again. Ksmvr, watching the discussion and the way Falene slid herself into the conversation, tilted his head. His antennae twitched a few times and he turned. He clicked his mandibles a few times and raised his voice.
“Ah. I believe we are in danger.”
All the other adventures spun. They readied their weapons but heard nothing. Saw nothing in the darkness. Ceria looked at Ksmvr.
“You’re sure?”
“I detect vibrations down this tunnel. Something is approaching.”
Ksmvr paused.
“Many somethings. At speed.”
Soon, the other adventurers heard it. Ceria swallowed as she felt the vibration in the stone walls.
“Tree crap. We should retreat for the entrance.”
“And be cornered? Whatever it is moves fast. We should hold our ground. See what we’re facing.”
Again, Ceria felt a severe disconnect as Ylawes planted his feet on the ground and raised his shield. Dawil raised his hammer, grunting.
“I’m with you there, lad. I don’t fancy being the last one in a race for the exit.”
“You may retreat behind us. We will wait here.”
Falene glanced at Ceria. The younger half-Elf glared back at her. She looked at Pisces, Yvlon, and Ksmvr.
“Let’s see what it is. Pisces, can you send a skeleton forwards?”
“On it.”
The [Necromancer] pointed and the remaining pair of skeletons rushed into the darkness. They were unarmed, but the Raskghar made for imposing skeletons nevertheless. Ksmvr raised his shortbow and Yvlon raised her shield, taking the other half of the corridor. Ceria and Pisces lined up. She saw his eyes flickering as his skeletons rushed forwards and then he groaned.
“Spiders.”
“Spiders? You mean, the ones Halrac and the others warned us about?”
Ceria breathed a sigh of relief. She’d been concerned when they’d received the message about Shield Spiders, but if the Silver Swords were good at anything, it was a standup fight. But Pisces’ pale face made her think twice.
“It’s not one or two Shield Spiders. It’s a—a wall of them. They are coming down the passage. Tens of thousands. I recommend we flee. Now.”
“A wall?”
The other stared at Pisces. He took a step back and pointed.
“Did you hear me? I said, run.”
“From Shield Spiders? Even in number, they’re not a threat.”
Ylawes looked dismissive. Pisces colored, and then shouted.
“And if there are enough to bury you alive, you incompetent fool? I said there is a wall of them coming! Enough spiders to flood this tunnel from bottom to ceiling!”
He pointed up to the twelve-foot high ceiling above. Ylawes stared up.
“Ah.”
“That’s a lot of spiders. How fast’re they coming?”
Dawil looked ahead uneasily. The rumbling sound was getting louder fast. Pisces turned.
“Quickly.”
