5.29
Page 7
Typhenous grinned. Halrac stared past the flaming barrier. The Spiders were attacking it despite the intense flames. He looked around. At times like this, everything slowed. The idle banter, the sound of the spiders cracking the sturdy brambles, the feel of the bow in his hand—all of it crystallized. He looked around and saw the other Gold-rank adventurers were in the same state of mind. They didn’t speak normally, but in a rush that merged together, somehow making sense.
“We saw hundreds of thousands—”
“Big nest?”
“Illusory barrier. Lost my Corusdeer—”
“Send a [Message] spell to Liscor warning them.”
“Already on it. Plan of attack?”
“Has to be me. My armor—”
“Containment’s key. Can you hold if they rush you? If they knock you off—”
“I’ll cover her with arrows if larger ones appear. We need to narrow the corridor. Killing field.”
“Push them back to the pit. What about creating barriers? More walls of fire?”
“Do that. Revi, your summons will screen Jelaqua.”
“How do we want to do this? Push with warriors? I can use my trump spell—”
“Hold it, Typhenous. Don’t exhaust yourself. Smaller spells until we push them into the pit. Moore—”
“My staff will do the work.”
“Leave the big ones to me. Seborn, guard Jelaqua.”
“Got it.”
“Alright. Go!”
The conference had taken about thirty seconds. The Shield Spiders were already breaking down the flaming barrier when it vanished. A huge spider nearly as wide as the corridor reared up, surprised. Halrac aimed and loosed. The Phoenixflame Arrow he’d chosen was expensive. The flaming head penetrated the Shield Spider’s body and then the enchantment activated. Like a phoenix, the arrow exploded into flames bursting the spider’s body like a bubble of soap. The adventurers charged with a roar as the Shield Spiders rushed forwards.
“Here we go!”
Jelaqua was first into the waves of Shield Spiders. Her body was wreathed in flame, her flail swinging. The spiders were all around her, but the Selphid’s flail tore through them, smashing spiders, spinning, hitting and striking in every direction countless times per second. The Heartflame Armor burned as the Shield Spiders tried to bite Jelaqua. But their mandibles and legs glanced harmlessly off of her fiery body. Not off of an object, but deflected by the magical flames themselves. Jelaqua spun, her flail bashing a spider’s head, tearing another one’s eyes away. Strike, strike, strike, strike, strike—
“Contain them!”
The corridor was wide. Too wide for Jelaqua to hold it alone. Her flail couldn’t even stop all of the ones trying to push past her. But the adventurers were equal to that. Another barrier of thorns burst out of the walls beside Jelaqua, halving the corridor’s width. Moore grunted as he swept his staff like a broom, sending a wave of spiders flying back over Jelaqua’s head. Typhenous set both barriers alight and then there was a choke point. And behind Jelaqua, Seborn and Revi held the line.
“Go! Kill the damn spiders!”
Revi shouted at her summoned Stitch-Warriors as she shot glowing missiles of light from her wand. Her spells were weak—they sent a few Shield Spiders reeling backwards as the magical arrows cracked their armor or burnt their eyes away, but their armored carapaces usually deflected her spells. The summoned warriors were a different matter, however.
