5.29
Page 29
And then he stopped. Someone was leaning against the wall in an alleyway close to where the magic door to Erin’s inn was. Pisces turned, sighed, and stepped into the alley. He reappeared and heard a gasp.
“It is easier if we are not both seen missing from the party.”
The other figure paused.
“I had to know. How did it go?”
Pisces smiled with genuine satisfaction.
“Extremely well. They all paid close attention to the prompts I gave them. They are doubly suspicious of  the Antinium motives. I believe some urgent communications are going out to the Walled Cities now. Which is why I shall be sending [Message] spells with my valuable information as soon as I have the opportunity. Is that to your satisfaction?”
He waited as Ceria brushed water out of her eyes. The half-Elf glanced at Pisces and nodded.
“It is. Are you planning on selling the secret of the Antinium entrances to all the Walled Cities?”
“The Walled Cities—all except Oteslia perhaps since they seldom spend money on purchasing secrets. And the information will be public knowledge among those privy to it soon enough. But yes, the Walled Cities and a select list of nobles in northern Izril.”
Ceria eyed Pisces.
“You have a list? Really?”
“Springwalker, I bought a list of those who might in turn purchase secrets from me. Secrets are valuable wherever one travels and there are those who pay well for any advantage over their competitors. By this time tomorrow everyone will know that the Antinium want something out of Liscor’s dungeon.”
“Yeah. Treasure maybe. Or strategic advantage.”
Ceria shivered in the rain. Pisces nodded.
“I suspect more adventurers will flood into Liscor soon. Far more. And if the Walled Cities do not immediately fund an expedition, well, I would be stunned.”
“Which means there’ll be a lot of competition. A lot more bodies entering the dungeon. The other teams would kill us if they knew we were doing this.”
“Or at the very least, not sharing the profits.”
Pisces hefted the bag of gold. He offered it to Ceria. She swore.
“He gave you that much for talking?”
“He assumed I was going behind all of your backs, so yes. A Wall Lord knows to be generous especially to backstabbing Humans.”
Pisces watched Ceria half-open the bag, and then close it. His old friend closed her eyes, looking pained.
“I know how much trouble this is going to cause. I know. And the other teams deserve to have the first shot at the dungeon. But—”
She looked helplessly at Pisces.
“Do you think they’d understand?”
“We do.”
Yvlon and Ksmvr stepped out of the shadows. Pisces sighed.
“You do know that a sheet over one’s head is not a disguise, Ksmvr?”
“It is not a disguise. I am keeping the rain off of myself and Yvlon.”
“Ah. Carry on.”
The two other Horns of Hammerad joined Pisces and Ceria. Yvlon wiped water out of her hair. Pisces resolved to use a flame spell to dry their clothes before returning to the party. And come up with a suitably unbelievable excuse that hinted at something innocuous. One of them had to be professional about all of this.
“We all talked it over, Ceria. We all agreed. We can’t search that dungeon alone. We’re not qualified. If there is any chance at someone finding Calruz—”
“It’s with everyone fighting to be first into that dungeon. I know. I came up with the idea with what Ksmvr told me.”
Ceria leaned against the wall. She looked at Ksmvr.
“You’re alright with all this, Ksmvr?”
“Yes, for the eighteenth time, Captain Ceria. I am not betraying my Hive.”
