5.29
Page 12
“Look at those huge spiders. If we could poison one and somehow get to it with the body intact—Typhenous, I could summon one of them! The mana cost would be insane, but just think of it! Halrac, Typhenous, do you think…?”
“Anything for you, my dear.”
Typhenous stroked his beard. He tapped his staff and a fireball appeared.
“But let’s save collecting monsters until we’ve thinned the nest a bit more, shall we? Not that it appears we need to do more work. There’s far fewer of them left than I thought—my comets must have been aimed well!”
Moore looked up.
“I’m receiving multiple [Message] spells from the Mage’s Guild in Liscor. They want to know how many spiders are down there. They’re threatening to cut the bridge if we don’t respond.”
“Hah. They’re probably panicking. Let them know it’s alright, Moore. I don’t fancy swimming back to Liscor.”
Jelaqua was inspecting her damaged flail to see if it was worth hauling back to be reforged. Halrac was still staring into the dark pit. His eyes narrowed.
“Hold on. Someone pass me a torch.”
“Here.”
Seborn pulled a torch out of his bag of holding and Halrac lit it on the fireball Typhenous had conjured. He hurled the torch down into the pit. The flame became a speck that none of the other adventurers could see as it landed among the spiders. But Halrac’s eyes picked out something and he cursed.
“Moore! Send a [Message]!”
The half-Giant had a finger to his temple. He looked up sharply.
“To the Mage’s Guild?”
“To the Silver-rank team if you know their [Mage]! If not, have the Mage’s Guild relay it! And tell the Silver Swords the same thing! We didn’t kill nearly as many Shield Spiders as we thought. They fled. Into the dungeon!”
“Aw, heck.”
Jelaqua grimaced. The other Gold-rank adventurers looked at each other and shook their heads. They’d stirred the nest and subdued it, but the cost was agitating the Shield Spiders. They’d fled Typhenous’ comets and now they were flooding into the dungeon. They might run into other monsters and traps and that would be good. But there were adventurers down there. Halrac looked at the others. True to his nickname, his face was grim and resigned.
“Warn them. That’s all we can do. They’ll have to handle it. We need to seal this entrance off. Let’s get to work.”
The Gold-rank teams nodded. They allowed themselves a moment longer to enjoy their victory, and then they got to work. They could hear the spiders moving far below, a vast rustling sound as the ones capable of squeezing into the tunnels drained out of their nest and into the dungeon.
 
—-
 
The mood in the Mage’s Guild of Liscor was tense. Erin stood behind a gaggle of Drakes besieging the front desk. The nervous [Mage] on duty was not ready to have Watch Captain Zevara, Olesm, and Ilvriss demanding answers of him from all sides. Especially when he didn’t have any to give.
“I’ve cast the spell eighteen times, Wall Lord, Watch Captain! The mages must be busy!”
“Request another status update.”
Ilvriss glared at the shrinking Drake.
“Wall Lord, I did—”
“They can at least spare the energy to tell us whether they’re retreating or whether the spiders are moving out of the dungeon!”
“Wall Lord, I cannot force the [Mages] to respond. I only know what they’ve said.”
The Wall Lord stared at the [Mage] and then turned.
“Very well. Watch Captain, what is Liscor’s status?”
“Prepared, Wall Lord. I have already given orders to my men on the walls and I’ve concentrated everyone on the north and eastern walls. We’re ready to cut the water bridges the instant we see Shield Spiders.”
