5.29
Page 19
Nailren looked around. He sniffed the air and then turned. The rumbling sound kept growing louder and louder. Earlia gestured.
“Team, form up. Whatever’s coming, I want to be ready.”
The adventures abandoned collecting trophies. They formed a wall in three directions, their back to the rift leading up. Earlia stared into the darkness. Now the rumbling was a physical sound. She felt her heart pounding. What was this? What was—
Nailren saw it first. He sucked in his breath and made a very un-warrior like whimpering sound. Earlia turned to him.
“What is it?”
“Spiders.”
He whispered the word. Earlia stared at him. She turned to the [Gem Mage] who’d received the [Message] and then to Nailren, uncomprehending.
“Spid—”
Then she saw it. In the distance, the black dungeon corridor suddenly turned into a rushing torrent of motion. A huge Shield Spider charged out of the darkness, pushing—being pushed by—a wall of spiders. They surged forwards, climbing on top of each other, scuttling forwards, crushing, devouring, burying everything in their way.
A wave.
The Silver-rank teams stared in horror for one second. Then Earlia moved.
“Up, up! Climb for your lives!”
The adventurers ran for the rift. But the wave was closing and they didn’t have time to scale the rocky walls! The spiders were closing on them. A hundred feet, fifty feet—
 
—-
 
“You are terrible at this. I’m trying to be nice, but I can’t explain it any other way.”
Ceria glared at the Silver Swords. She was this close to firing an [Ice Spike] at Ylawes. She pointed angrily at the dented and battered suit of armor lying on the ground. Half of the visor was melted off and a huge gaping hole had been torn into its chest. The enchanted suit of armor was dead. Inanimate, rather. And the Silver Swords had done the killing.
Ceria was furious. She stood around the downed suit of armor, shaking with frustration as Yvlon backed her up. The Silver Swords stood on the other side while Pisces and Ksmvr hung back. Pisces was interpreting the tense scene for Ksmvr, who, as usual, was at a loss. She raged at the Silver Swords, trying not to shout in the confined dungeon.
“I thought you were going to help us! Instead, your team is a liability!”
“Watch your mouth.”
Falene frowned at Ceria. The older half-Elf looked peeved; her ears were twitching angrily. Ceria didn’t care.
“Watch my mouth? I’m speaking the truth!”
“Miss Springwalker, we are a Gold-rank team and we’ve been together for eight years. I would appreciate a bit of civility. We are not amateurs.”
It was hard to tell who was more annoyed, Ylawes, Ceria, or Falene. The [Knight] looked angrily at his sister.
“Yvlon, your Captain believes we are inept. Please talk some sense into her.”
Yvlon folded her arms and sighed.
“I agree with Ceria.”
The Silver Swords stared at her. Ceria grabbed at her hair. She stood in the dungeon’s corridors, not five turns from where they’d begun. They had made almost no progress in an hour. For one reason.
“See? We’re trying to tell you the truth!”
“Sister, your tone is beyond insolent. I do not wish to be lectured by—”
Falene’s sharp voice was cut off by a rumble from Dawil. He raised his hammer and banged it on the ground loudly.
“Oh shut up, you stinking half-Elf. Not you. Our half-Elf. Although both of you smell.”
Both half-Elves glared at the Dwarf. Dawil appeared not to notice. He looked at Ceria.
“Go on.”
Ceria took a deep breath and tried to be diplomatic. She failed.
