5.29
Page 5
“Shield Spiders. A nest. You mean like the Face-Eater Moths?”
“Yes! What do we do? Are we going to be under attack again?”
Lyonette had grabbed Mrsha. She looked frightened. Erin felt terrified. But beneath her sudden panic, a cooler part of her took charge. She glanced out her windows, looked through the door to Liscor at the rainy streets and shook her head.
“No. This won’t be the same. Lyonette?”
“Yes?”
“Get to Bird. Tell him what’s going on. Then open the door to Celum. Warn Octavia, tell Wesle and send a Street Runner to let Celum’s Council know what’s going on. And then get back here.”
“Should we leave Mrsha in Octavia’s shop?”
Erin didn’t have to think.
“No. She’ll be okay here. But warn everyone just in case. Tell Pallass too. Headscratcher—”
She whirled. The Redfang Goblins had grabbed the weapons they’d stolen from the Raskghar. Shorthilt had his sharpened blade at the ready. Erin nodded.
“Stay here. I’ll come back if there’s more trouble or we need you. For now, secure the inn with Bird. Got that?”
They nodded. Rabbiteater rushed down the basement stairs to grab Numbtongue. Erin turned towards Lyonette.
“It’ll be fine this time.”
“You’re sure?”
“Pretty sure. I’ll go to the Mage’s Guild. You let everyone know, but don’t start evacuating. The threat’s not to us. It’s to the adventurers.”
So saying, Erin looked at Drassi. The Drake didn’t need an invitation. She turned and pelted through the streets, Erin following at a run. The Drake ran as fast as she could, but she didn’t exactly have Ryoka’s training. And she kept babbling worriedly.
“Oh Ancestors, what are we going to do, Erin? It’ll be the Face-Eater Moths all over again! Do you think Pallass will send reinforcements? What about Celum? Why are there so many monsters?”
“We’ll be fine, Drassi!”
Erin had to slow or wipe out on the slippery cobblestones. She slowed to a jog as Drassi ran just in front of her. The Drake wailed.
“How do you know?”
“Because we’ve done this before.”
Erin answered with confidence. She felt it. There was a certainty now in her chest. Drassi stared at her side-long as they ran.
“Really? That’s it?”
“Yes. We’ve survived one disaster. And we have experience.”
Experience. That was the key. Erin had survived Skinner. She’d survived fighting Regrika, Gazi, the moths, and Goblins. Each time she’d learned something more. She was no [Tactician], but she’d fortified her inn. Bought healing potions and other alchemical weapons. She pointed up.
“It’s raining. Liscor is flooded. The Shield Spiders have only one way into the city and that’s over a bridge that can be cut. They’ll never reach the inn or Liscor’s walls. Maybe they can build webs and float? Either way, it won’t be the same as last time. The adventurers in the dungeon though are in danger. How long has it been since they reported the attack?”
Drassi gasped for air as she slowed further.
“Six—eight minutes? I ran here the instant I heard the [Message] come in! Like you told me!”
Erin nodded. She’d offered Drassi the chance to sit in the Mage’s Guild and gossip all day long in case an adventurer sent a [Message] in. She ran towards the Mage’s Guild and saw Drakes running through the street towards the Guild as well. Zevara, Olesm, Ilvriss—Erin let them go in first.
