5.29
Page 14
“They’ve done it! Moore of the Halfseekers reports that the Shield Spiders failed to push back their teams! They halted the advance and greatly damaged the nest with a Tier 5 spell! They’ve taken no casualties and are preparing to seal the nest until they can return to it!”
A sigh rose around the Mage’s Guild. Erin felt the tension in her chest ease and saw Drassi’s eyes sparkling. The news would spread around the city the instant the Drake left the Guild. Ilvriss nodded.
“Adequate. Ask them for an estimate of the spiders and—”
“Wait.”
The [Mage] interrupted the Wall Lord. Her eyes flicked rapidly as she held one purple-scaled claw to her brow. Then her eyes widened.
“We have an immediate request! Someone send a [Message] spell to Gemhammer’s [Mage] or The Pride of Kelia’s [Shaman]! The Shield Spiders are retreating into the dungeon and it is Halrac the Grim’s assessment that the other teams may come under threat!”
Some of the other [Mages] on duty immediately raised claws to their temples. Ilvriss looked around, frowning.
“A threat to the other teams? But not to Liscor?”
“Doubtful. The only other entrance we know of is through the underwater rift. We’re still safe.”
“What about Liscor’s Hive?”
“What about it?”
Olesm cringed as the others stared at him.
“Well, they did suffer an attack when the Face-Eater Moths attacked Liscor. It may be that their Hive will be assaulted again.”
Ilvriss dismissed this with a flick of his claws.
“A few Shield Spiders burrowing through the walls of their Hive isn’t a threat worth informing the Antinium over. Let them be.”
“Yes, Wall Lord.”
“As for the other teams—well, their survival is to be hoped for. But it seems this crisis has passed.”
“It does. For us. I’ll request a meeting with both Gold-rank teams when they return.”
Watch Captain Zevara adjusted her belt, looking visibly more relaxed. Erin watched both her and Ilvriss leave the Mage’s Guild. She didn’t feel any less tense. And when a [Mage] looked up and gasped, it was Erin who pushed her way through the crowd.
“The Pride of Kelia’s [Shaman] has replied! They have received the warning but cannot currently retreat! They are under attack!”
“From spiders?”
Everyone’s mind leapt to the same conclusion. But the Drake was shaking his head.
“No. A smaller group of monsters—”
“Where? And what monsters?”
Erin interrupted the gaggle of Drakes. The [Mage] looked irritated but he replied.
“Not Shield Spiders—no. They’ve been engaged with a band of Raskghar for the last hour! Apparently they’ve been fighting just below the rift. They do not intend to retreat, but they claim the enemy has magical armaments. I’m awaiting another update.”
“The Raskghar have magical weapons? That makes them a lot more dangerous. They’re intelligent, and I have every reason to believe they’ve been hunting adventurers. Guildmistress Tekshia should be warned about this threat.”
Olesm muttered to himself as he scribbled on a piece of parchment. The other Drakes weren’t really listening. The threat to the adventuring teams was a low priority and most of the crowd had dissipated to relax now the crisis was over. Embria stormed out of the Mage’s Guild growling about being kept out of the loop. Olesm’s mind was still racing, though.
“I wonder if the Silver-rank teams can handle them. And why weren’t the Silver Swords and the Horns of Hammerad warned? Wait—they didn’t go into either entrance. Do you think they’d be willing to comment on these new developments for me, Erin?”
The Drake waited for a response, but none came. After a moment he looked up.
“Erin?”
She was already gone.
 
—-
 
