5.30 G
Page 10
They hear a howl nearby and then a snarl. A Carn Wolf leaps and a sentry screams. The Goblin jumps from its back and lands on the wall. He has a shortsword and buckler in hand. The Humans laugh, shakily as they realize it’s only him. Until another jumps onto the wall. A third climbs up in a different spot. Four, five, eight—the Redfang Goblins are outnumbered ten to one even so. The militia surges forwards, shouting just that. The Redfang Goblins slaughter twice their number and then disappear over the walls, leaving two of their dead behind.
Elites. What pride they have. What daring. A Redfang Goblin stands in the middle of a city street. He has won the walls, killed the three [Guardsmen] with less than ten levels between them, but now he is cornered. A group of Silver-rank adventurers, five warriors and a mage has cornered him. He steps forwards and fights all the warriors at once.
Cut, parry, duck, slash—he is quick. But the half-Elf with the axe is good and he has armor. The Redfang Warrior never stands a chance. He sinks, bleeding, as the adventurers laugh and the crowd of Humans cheers. His nickname is Beetlestare, but it is not at the ground or insects he stares at. He looks up as he bleeds and hears a whistling sound and then the thunk.
The Silver-rank [Mage] looks at the arrow sprouting from his chest. He drops and the second arrow strikes another adventurer in the eyes. Beetlestare looks up and grins. He sees the Goblin in the trees swing away as the Humans notice the attacker. The Goblin flees and Beetlestare laughs and laughs until the half-Elf finishes him.
Dying, fighting, riding on—a group of Redfang Warriors race down a road and see the riders in the dark too late. They turn and find themselves ambushed! Humans race out of cover and more ride out of the darkness. The six Redfangs turn and see their pursuers have caught up. They bare their blades for a final stand and hear a howl. One of the Humans on horseback turns and sees a fiery bird or insect flying at him. It strikes his armor and he bursts into flame. Another [Archer] on the ground turns and she drops as a crossbow bolt buries itself in her chest.
Redfang Warriors race out of the darkness. At their head rides a Goblin with a glowing longsword. Redscar swings once and cuts down a Human. He cuts backwards and catches a second. He shouts his fury and hears a voice.
“Break!”
He turns and points. His Redfang Warriors cut into the Humans a second more and then flee. They shower the Humans with crossbow bolts as they race onwards. They too are being pursued. But they have eluded capture so far. They join the small Goblin holding the black crossbow and she turns. They shout triumph as the Humans attempt to pursue them and more race towards their backs. Rags turns her head and looks back just once.
War.
 
—-
 
The word burned in her mind, single, pulsating thought. It did away with notions of mercy, told her to abandon pride and memory and everything else and give in to the bloodlust. It was not darkness. It should have been, but Rags only felt alive as she raced with the Redfang Warriors through the night. She pointed and the group of six Goblins she had saved fell in with the others, cheering.
The Humans had not expected their ambush group to be ambushed in turn, but they had forgotten how many Goblins were racing through the night. And the Goblins might not have had magic spells to communicate, but they could do almost as well by listening to the howling of their brethren.
“To cave! Move!”
