5.30 G
Page 15
The Hob’s ears perked up as he heard a howl and a commotion at the gates. He turned and ran, grabbing the battleaxe he’d strapped to his back. The thing was too big to carry easily. But he was grateful of it now. He saw a group of four Redfang Warriors race into the city and the Goblins at the gates shouting and pushing them closed. The Humans outside were blaring horns and shouting but they hadn’t tried to stop the group once they’d gotten close enough.
“Chieftain!”
One of the Redscar Warriors called out. She was slumped in her saddle and both she and her Carn Wolf looked half-dead. She turned and saw Pyrite.
“Where Chieftain?”
“Out. Not see?”
Pyrite’s heart beat faster in worry. The Redfang Goblin shook her head.
“Hid! Not join—strange thing—hear retreat!”
She was shaking, barely able to stand. Pyrite instantly called for water and food. As the Redfang Warriors dismounted he pointed.
“Sit. Talk. Eat!”
The Goblins sat on the ground and Pyrite watched them devour some cheese and bread as more Goblins ran to get food. He listened intently.
“Bad run. Many Humans. Follow. Burn-kill-run. But too many follow.”
The Goblins described their ordeal since splitting from the others. They had gone raiding like the rest, but their pursuers had forced them to keep on the move. They had lost their friends, burnt down a farmstead, and then been cornered in a valley.
“No good run! So burn—burn too much! Burn tree, grass, big wood not-tree.”
Desperate to strike a last blow, the Goblins had set fire to part of the forest. In doing so they had accidentally destroyed a man-made structure. A strange wooden pole, carved with eyes. That was how they described it. Pyrite frowned. Something about that seemed familiar.
“So? Run? Fight?”
“No! Hide!”
The Goblins nodded as Pyrite blinked, astonished. They had hid from their pursuers? How? It shouldn’t have been possible! But that was what had happened. The Redfang Warrior grimaced as she described it.
“Big not-tree gone, Humans no seek. Confuse-scared. Wait for found-death…not come! Humans go! Big not-tree eyes! Eyes on wood!”
“Not-tree. Big pole? Big wooden pole carved with eyes?”
Pyrite tried to translate the Goblin’s words. The trouble was that they had no word for what they’d seen. They imitated it, standing on each other’s shoulders, drawing symbols in the dust. Pyrite stared at the long, wooden pole carved with eyes and then he remembered where he’d seen it before.
The back-scratching pole! Pyrite’s own eyes widened. That was it! And it was what had given the Humans their sight! It had to be. The Redfang Warriors had lain in the bushes as the Humans passed right by them and heard them worry about the missing marker. They had hid for hours, believing the Humans were just laying some kind of devious trap. But only after they had fled a few miles were they pursued once more.
Was it magic? When Pyrite summoned Noears the other Goblin declared it couldn’t be. He would have noticed an enchantment! But there was no other explanation for it. These Redfang Warriors weren’t the only to survive by finding the secret of the totems either. As more trickled into the city, they revealed that a good number had survived by accidentally chopping down or burning the man-made markers, upon which the Humans lost track of them.
“Totems are eyes. Eyes for Humans.”
Pyrite felt a rush of satisfaction as he confirmed his theory. He no longer felt helpless as he directed the exhausted Redfangs to sleep and rest. An enemy with a mysterious ability was one thing. But this?
