5.30 G
Page 16
This was different. If they could blind their enemy, Pyrite was certain the Goblins could evade the Humans. He selected eighty Goblins and sent them out in bands of two, armed with axes and torches. Their instructions were simple. They’d hide in areas cleared of the magical markers and search for the others, retreating if Humans tried to find them. With a few days’ time the Goblins could completely blind the Humans in a huge radius around the city.
And then Pyrite heard the horn call. By this point he was back on the walls so he was in prime position to see the last of the Redfangs return in a huge mass. Over a hundred battered warriors raced over a hilltop, followed by the Humans on horseback. It was a desperate flight; the army of camped Humans raced to intercept. Pyrite saw one of the riders hold up a red gem and stop the Humans in their tracks for a second. But the Humans riding behind were determined to cut down as many Goblins as possible.
“Crossbows on walls! Noears! Lightning!”
Pyrite roared orders and the Flooded Waters tribe surged to the walls. Lightning began blasting riders back and they quickly broke off their pursuit. The Goblins cheered as Rags rode into the city with Redscar. Pyrite did not cheer. He counted. There were far too many missing Redscar Warriors. Of the four hundred they had sent, less than two hundred and forty remained.
Rags’ face reflected the casualties as she rode up to Pyrite. She nearly tumbled from the saddle but he caught her.
“Chieftain. Good work.”
“Is good?”
She spoke tiredly, without a trace of triumph in her voice. Pyrite smiled. He had good news to give her.
“Is good. Time bought. And know secret of Humans.”
She looked up. A glimmer of hope, that spark of intelligence and passion returned to her eyes.
“Tell!”
She sat on the battlements as Pyrite spoke. The Hob conveyed his findings, his suspicions, and watched Rags sort through his thinking and come up with her own conclusions. That reassured him. More than a full belly, more than walls. This was his Chieftain. She would save them. In the distance, Pyrite saw the Humans pulling back. By the end of the day they would double their numbers in size. By morning they would double their number again.
 
Day 104
 
“It’s all burning. They’ve burnt every field they could find. Every village, towns, cities. They’re everywhere.”
I sit in Wiskeria’s cottage, my head in my hands. Nesor hovers around me. I can tell his face is pale, but he doesn’t dare speak. Lady Rie paces by the table.
“But they have retreated, your Majesty?”
“For now. To rest and heal in that damn city. I think they’re all there. I can’t tell.”
I run my hands through my hair, gripping tightly. The place where the city should be is a gaping hole in my mind. I have no sight there. The city is not mine, so it and the surrounding areas are just a blank spot. I can see right up to a certain spot and then the detailed image of grass and stone and trees and so on vanishes. And that’s not the only hole now.
“I’ve lost another totem. Southwest now. Nesor, tell Wiskeria to post guards on the totems if she has to! The Goblins are aiming for them now and another group is—”
I grimace as I see a group of Goblins running towards a totem. One begins chopping at the base of the pole and my image of the area begins growing hazy. It vanishes and I curse and sit back.
“Tell her I want guards on the markers.”
“Yes, sire.”
Nesor puts his hand to his brow and concentrates. Lady Rie sighs and her dress swishes.
“General Wiskeria cannot post guards on every marker, surely.”
