5.31 G
Page 7
Rags had grasped all of that the instant she’d seen the trebuchets. Her vision of a secure city melted in the face of the Human’s strange devices. But her anguish over her ruined plans had been replaced by an idea. A plan.
“Noears!”
The small Chieftain of the Flooded Waters tribe screamed a word as Goblins ran about the city. Pyrite was making his way up the steps of the walls, looking worried. Rags could see Sir Kerrig below as well. The [Knight] was making the smallest Goblins hide in the shadow of the walls. She understood. Of course—taking shelter in the lee of the walls would be the safest spot since the boulders would either hit the wall or go past it. She called out an order and pointed. Goblins began running to reposition themselves.
“Chieftain?”
Pyrite panted a bit as he crested the stairs. He took one look at the trebuchets and said a bad Human word. Rags nodded absently.
“Human thing. Far-crushing death.”
The big Hob said the bad word again. He stared at the trebuchet as it was slowly reloaded. The arm bent back.
“What now, Chieftain? Leave city? Walls will have many holes soon.”
“Mm. Not too soon. Humans have bad aim.”
They had two massive trebuchets. They must have taken ages to drag across the landscape. And for all that they could hurl huge stones, their aim was fairly bad. Rags’ keen eyes picked out the operators on both trebuchets. It looked like a Human female was aiming one of them. That trebuchet seemed more on target. Two of the three stones it had hurled had hit the walls. The other trebuchet had hit a different spot each time. Yes, give them time and the city would slowly be demolished. However—
“Chieftain, you called me?”
A voice made Rags turn. She saw Noears panting harder than Pyrite. He looked warily at the trebuchets. Rags pointed.
“Big falling stone.”
“I saw.”
Noears grimaced, his face expressing a whole host of emotions. Rags nodded. She could see her lieutenants making their way towards her, keeping an eye on the sky. Yes, the trebuchets could do a lot of damage by accident, but it would be hard to hit a specific target. She could work with that.
“Noears, how much mana? How many potions?”
He blinked at her and scrubbed a hand across his bald head.
“Can cast lots of spells, Chieftain. Got four potions.”
He patted his belt where one of them hung. Noears warily eyed the trebuchets in the distance. He shook his head.
“Too far. Get close is dangerous. Use fire and arrows instead?”
He looked hopefully at Rags, assuming she wanted him to get close and zap the trebuchets. Rags shook her head. She pointed up.
“Good aim? Can hit stones?”
Noears blinked. He looked up, and then grinned.
“Can try.”
The next boulder flew as Rags was calling for more Goblins. It had a good arc and would have plummeted into the city center. Only, as it neared the walls of the city, Noears pointed up and shouted.
“[Lighting Bolt]!”
A flash of lightining and a boom made every Goblin look up. Stone shards rained down from above, making the Goblins on the walls shield their eyes. The boulder tumbled and fell—not on the city center but hitting one of the walls. Rags shook her head as she heard a scream and saw Goblins fleeing the impact site.
“Shoot better!”
She shouted at Noears. The Goblin [Mage] grunted.
“Hard!”
He took a position on the walls. His lightning bolt spell was powerful, but it could only crack or change the boulder’s trajectory. Rags thought he could protect the city for an hour at best. She nodded to herself.
“Chieftain?”
