5.31 G
Page 17
A marker behind Sir Kerrig and another a few miles west vanish. The Goblins keep destroying my totems and they take a long time to replace! I should have sent Sir Kerrig back into the city and demanded this Chieftain stop while he came here. Argh. But the city’s still surrounded. I think of that, and then frown.
“Nesor?”
I stride back into Riverfarm’s main street and find Lady Rie overseeing a group of arguing adults. They’re fighting over who gets a house next—a minor dispute fueled by their anxiety. I interrupt them and grab Rie.
“Your [Mage] is with the nobility. Come with me.”
I leave the villagers behind and head to the newest houses that we converted into temporary homes for the nobility when it became clear their stay would be longer than most. The noble’s personal escorts guard the houses, sounding bored as they seem in my mind. They stand straighter as I approach and instantly one of them goes to announce me. I walk into one of the houses and find Lady Bevia Veniford and a small collection of nobles sitting and having tea. That’s not what I mind. What I mind is Nesor, practically sandwiched between two of the younger [Ladies], teacup in hand.
“Why, your Majesty! What a pleasant surprise!”
Lady Bevia rises instantly to greet me. I nod slightly to her as Lady Rie greets Bevia.
“Lady Bevia, it is as always a pleasure to speak with you. I trust you are not too starved of entertainment? I understand your current situation leaves much to be desired.”
She laughs, sounding two decades younger than Lady Rie tells me she is.
“This is far more than I would hope for, given a Goblin army is marauding about the landscape, your Majesty! I am quite content for the moment, as are my peers. We are somewhat starved for information, but we do try to keep up.”
“So I note. I see Nesor has been quite stolen away by the company here.”
The older [Lady] twinkles merrily at me.
“Yes, well, I’m afraid we are simply dying to know what is going on. Do forgive an old lady’s curiosity.”
“Of course. But I’m afraid I’m in need of Nesor’s services once again. Nesor?”
“Yes, your Majesty! P-pardon me, miladies.”
He stands up, sounding relieved, guilty, and regretful at once. I excuse myself quickly from Lady Bevia and get out of the house as fast as I can. Lady Rie is mortified once we have a chance to speak in private.
“I am deeply ashamed, Emperor Laken. I had no notion that Nesor was being sought out like this. This is unacceptable. Please excuse him. Any man—and most women—would be hard-pressed to resist Lady Bevia’s charm.”
“I understand. But that cannot happen again. Nesor knows everything that’s been going on.”
“I will keep an eye on him. Please let me assure you—”
I listen to Rie’s apology, hear Nesor’s stammered plea for forgiveness, and let them go. It’s nothing more than I should have expected, honestly. The nobles have been playing their own game, sending [Message] spells of their own. I sigh and rub at my temples.
“I need a rest.”
“Would you like me to prepare a bed…?”
“No. I’ll nap in Wiskeria’s cottage. Just for an hour or two.”
So saying, I leave Rie and Nesor and lie down in Wiskeria’s bed, which is really my bed since I don’t think she’s used it as much as I have. War cottage indeed. I close my eyes and drift off, hoping that Sir Kerrig will get here by the time I wake. Only, it’s not that which wakes me. At first I think I’m dreaming. But too late, I realize it’s reality and shoot out of bed.
“What the hell is going on now?”
