5.31 G
Page 10
That wasn’t right. That wasn’t fair. Goblins couldn’t create devices! They weren’t smart enough to copy things like that! They couldn’t just replicate something that had taken a team of [Engineers] to build! But as the second and third boulders flew from the city walls, the Humans had to face facts. The Goblins had built a trebuchet of their own.
One. Sir Kerrig could see it being loaded and the arm pulled into place by the team of Goblins as more argued over a second one. It was incredible, but the Goblins worked in perfect synchronization. They had the materials, the manpower, and the motivation. But all of that might have been for naught save for their Chieftain.
There she was, striding past the first trebuchet, snapping at other Goblins and moving the rest. Sir Kerrig stared at Rags. Such a small Goblin! But she was terrifyingly smart. She had organized this tribe, defeated every attack sent against her. She was dangerous. But she could also be reasoned with. That was his hope. There was some goodness, some innate quality that could be redeemed in her. If not her, then certainly in Pyrite. If only he could end this fighting!
Such was Kerrig’s wish. But he had been flatly rejected by Rags once before. That was why he was astounded and not a little bit suspicious when Rags herself strode up to him. And the first thing she said made him warier still.
“Time for peace. You go.”
She pointed at the gates, which had been partially collapsed by a shot from the Humans. Now both sides were flinging stones at each other as fast as they could. Sir Kerrig saw a boulder smash into a wall and send up a spray of stones and stared at Rags in disbelief.
“Now? You must be joking.”
“No. Now is best time for peace.”
She grinned toothily at him. Sir Kerrig frowned at her. He looked over Rags’ shoulder at Pyrite. The Hob was keeping one eye towards the sky as he watched Rags talk.
“Your tribe is willing to offer some assurance of peace?”
“Yes. Those.”
Rags pointed at the second trebuchet being built. Sir Kerrig stared at her. His head began to hurt.
“That is the opposite of what I spoke of. I told you that there must be proof of your goodwill! Proof that you can be trusted!”
The small Goblin stared at Sir Kerrig, tilting her head back and forth. She nodded.
“Trust. We not trust Humans. They attacked us. First.”
She emphasized the word. Behind her, Pyrite nodded. Rags pointed to the trebuchet.
“Humans come here to kill. Bring rock throwing thing. But we have rock throwing thing now too.”
“Trebuchets.”
“Good name. They cannot get rid of us. We cannot leave with them. So trust. They go, we run away. Otherwise we stay and both starve.”
There was a twisted logic to it. But Sir Kerrig felt a fire in his chest as he stared past Rags at Redscar. The Goblin was sitting on a Carn Wolf, clearly enjoying watching the trebuchets firing. He was gesturing at one, asking for a turn aiming it.
“That may be far too late. Your people raided the countryside. You slaughtered innocents! If you had asked me four days ago, my response would have been different. What proof have I now that you won’t immediately strike once you have retreated?”
Rags looked thoughtful. She glanced at Pyrite and he reached for something at his side. He was holding his sack and Sir Kerrig blinked as he pulled out one of his pieces of gold. Rags pointed at it.
“This help?”
“Gold? Are you trying to buy a peace treaty?”
Sir Kerrig didn’t know if he should be outraged or impressed. Rags nodded a few times.
“Good. Buy. Don’t need shiny things. We give for dead. Humans let us go away.”
