5.32 G
Page 3
Reiss stared at Snapjaw as he stood over the rough map of Tremborag’s fortress. The Hobgoblin female shook her head.
“Dunno, Lord. But Humans are here! Throwing big spells!”
The Goblin Lord growled. Of all the times! He glanced at Osthia. The Drake was listening intently.
“How many?”
“Small number. Less than…thirty. All here. This here.”
Snapjaw struggled with the common tongue as she pointed to a spot far north of the fighting between Reiss and Tremborag’s forces. Reiss stared grimly at the spot.
“Gold-rank?”
The answering silence was all he needed to hear. Reiss stared at the occupied spot.
“How many dead Goblins?”
“Us? Few. Tremborag? Lots!”
Surprised, Reiss looked up. Snapjaw grinned.
“Adventurers aiming at his Goblins! Not many ours go there. Now big trouble for others!”
That was true. As Reiss studied the map he saw exactly how advantageous the spot was for his forces. They didn’t have to go near the Humans and Tremborag had another front to fight on. Still, the presence of so many Gold-rank adventurers made him uneasy. And the next report that came in from a breathless [Scout] made him warier still.
“Humans marching! Thousands! Thousands of thousands!”
 
—-
 
Tremborag roared, throwing his scout across the banquet hall. Garen saw the little Goblin crash into a table and go still. The Great Chieftain of the Mountain didn’t care. He turned, roaring.
“An army? Now of all times?”
The news that came to both the Goblin Lord and Tremborag’s forces was like a physical blow. An army of Humans had been spotted marching towards the mountain. Fast.
“Many Humans coming this way. On horses! Many on foot behind. Moving fast!”
One of Garen’s remaining Redfang Warriors explained the situation, watching Tremborag warily. Garen peered at the map, growling as his warrior traced a huge wave of Humans coming south. Tremborag growled as well.
“Humans! Mounted on horses? And on foot?”
“Rushing. They must be using Skills to move their army here, Great Chieftain. They’ve left their slower forces behind. They’ll be here by nightfall.”
Ulvama’s voice was soft. Sultry. She stood by Tremborag, stroking his arm, trying to soothe him. But Tremborag was enraged. He turned towards Ulvama and she stepped back quickly.
“An army. Coming for the Goblin Lord at last? Or I? They already crawl into my mountain!”
“Gold-rank teams. Good ones.”
Garen had already heard the reports. [Mages], blasting any Goblins who approached down the tunnels, [Warriors] and [Rogues] pushing down other ones. He gritted his teeth, trying to figure out how to take down so many. If his tribe had been here—!
“We are surrounded, Great Chieftain.”
Ulvama tried not to look worried, but she and the other Goblins were clearly uneasy. Tremborag glared at her. Then, surprisingly, he laughed.
“Is my Chief [Shaman] afraid? Do you fear Humans more than the Goblin Lord, Ulvama?”
She didn’t immediately reply. Tremborag bent, staring at her with a giant grin.
“We are surrounded. But it is not just we. The Goblin Lord sees the Humans coming. And they come for him as well as I. But he is in the open. And I have my mountain!”
He turned to Garen. And now Tremborag’s eyes narrowed with calculation.
“We hold the mountain. If the Humans come, the Goblin Lord must fight or run. Is that not so, Redfang?”
Garen nodded. He was trying to imagine what Rags would say in this situation. Lacking her insight, he had to go with his gut, and he knew what Tremborag was thinking.
“Goblin Lord fights now and takes mountain. Or gives up and runs.”
