5.32 G
Page 2
A half-Elf with bright silver eyes and a few grey hairs looked around. He didn’t appear as old as some of his companions—one was a woman with a classic witch’s hat who looked positively ancient—but he gave Minerva the same impression as her grandfather had. He was carrying a wand whose tip was set with a fiery gem carved to match the wood. His robes shimmered with an odd, pulsating pattern. He, like his companions, practically shone in the darkness.
Mages. They looked to Jackal. The [Ranger] grimaced.
“Can you cancel all those light spells? This is a stealth mission for the moment!”
“We’ll stay well behind you. But some of us need light to see.”
“Fine. Then we’ll take the attack group north. We’ve scouted ahead a small ways. We’ll launch the attack in seven minutes as planned. We’re on time.”
Jackal had a map. As the others crowded around he went over it. Minerva had already memorized it, but she looked anyways. The map was old, positively decrepit, but it was a good guide of what Dwarfhalls Rest had looked like in ages past.
“Remember your orders. Keep an eye out for Goblins in black armor and do not engage if possible. Defend yourselves if need be, but our goal is to cause havoc and retreat at the first sign of danger.”
The old [Witch] made a laughing, snorting sound.
“You don’t have to tell us that, boy. We’re not getting paid enough to die here.”
“Then keep an eye out for this Great Chieftain or his lieutenants. As soon we finish securing the area we’ll move in our warriors. So ward spells first. We’ll detrap if you hold here.”
“Easy.”
One of the [Mages] was already looking towards the tunnel and muttering a spell. Jackal looked towards Minerva.
“While we do that, we’re sending another group on a scouting mission.”
The old half-Elf raised his eyebrows.
“No one spoke to me about that.”
“This isn’t part of our job. Five of us are going to look for prisoners. There’s a team that vanished here on reconnaissance a week ago. Keening Hunt.”
One of the [Mages] nodded.
“I’ve heard of them. You think they’re alive?”
Jackal didn’t immediately reply.
“If they are, we’ll find them.”
“If they are alive, they might not want to be.”
The old [Witch] tilted her pointed hat. Jackal looked at her.
“I have a pass that grants me a personal audience with the Healer of Tenbault. If they’re alive, they’ll be made whole.”
“Ah. Well, best of luck. We’ll hold things here.”
The [Witch] grinned, showing a few missing teeth. Jackal stood. Minerva and four others followed Jackal into the shadows as the [Mages] began casting ward spells, arguing quietly. The other four infiltrators slipped backwards, removing the traps they’d found on their way in. The [Mages] waited patiently in their now secure entryway, until they heard fast footsteps and the jingle of metal on metal. The [Witch] grinned and raised a gnarled staff.
“Alright. Enough waiting. We’re on a time limit, aren’t we? Let’s cause some trouble, children.”
She strode down the tunnel as the first of the Gold-rank [Warriors] and less stealthy classes raced into the tunnel. The [Witch] walked down the corridor until she saw a patrol of Goblins heading her way, to check on the defenders here. They stared as she grinned and raised her staff.
“[Grand Fireball]!”
The explosion filled the tunnel with a roar of heat and flame. The Goblins vanished. The [Witch] cackled and the half-Elf with silver eyes sighed. Then he strode past her, wand raised. The adventurers behind him advanced as the alarm spread throughout the mountain.
 
—-
 
“Humans? Why are they here?”
