5.32 G
Page 17
I nod. In my head I sense Humans fleeing, drawing back, fighting around the totem. Where is Durene?
“Is winning, rather. They’re retreating. Your tribe is chasing them.”
The Goblin with the red scar leans over to talk urgently to his Chieftain. Rags listens, half shaking her head. Is he suggesting to kill us now that they’ve won? Rags looks back at me and now her voice is very uncertain.
“Tribe won. Is good. Humans wrong to attack. Stupid. Can still…make peace.”
“No.”
I smile at her. She stares at me, just like a child.
“Why not?”
“You slaughtered my people. You killed them. And Durene—I think you’ve taken too much from me, Rags. Your race started this war. I escalated it. For that I am sorry. But too many have died.”
I spread my arms. I can sense them. I can remember. Each person her Goblins slew. Each child burnt in a building, or mother killed while fleeing. Each father or son or daughter who died. It hurts. And I cannot sense Durene.
Rags lifts her crossbow.
“You fight and you die. Your people die.”
“There are thousands of my people here and sixty of you. I have soldiers too.”
“Emperor Laken, your majesty, let us not be hasty here. Surely there is something we can do to avoid conflict.”
To my greatest surprise, someone interrupts Rags’ reply. An old voice. Lady Bevia. She speaks up as the [Mage] next to her urgently whispers. She brushes him aside and treats me and Rags to a charming smile. I can feel myself growing calmer.
“Chieftain Rags, was it? Your Majesty, this young Goblin speaks sense. I would hate to see needless bloodshed—”
The [Mage]. He’s whispering to her. What does she know? Why is she trying to defuse the situation? I turn towards Lady Bevia and sense Rags spotting the same things I have. She shifts her crossbow’s aim for a second.
“No talk! Stop using Skill!”
“I am only trying to—”
“Be silent, Lady Bevia. There is no more room for negotiation. I have made up my mind.”
Around me I sense a vibration in the air. The atmosphere is taut. My people have gone deathly still. They are waiting. Rags hesitates. She lifts her weapon uneasily.
“I have crossbow. You surrender. Now!”
I laugh. There’s a bit of madness there. He was right. An [Emperor] can do many things. But some things—no.
“Surrender? Never.”
We stare at each other, the small Goblin and I. Without eyes. For a second I waver. So young. If we had met another way, we might even have understood each other. But my empire bleeds. My people are dead. And when I look at her in my mind’s eye, truly look at her, I don’t think she wants peace either. There’s a monster in both of us. Waiting. So I let it out.
“Take the Goblins. Do not let them escape. Do not rest until they are all dead.”
I hear a howl. I sense Rags jerk, see the red scarred Goblin point at me, Sir Kerrig leaping into motion. I can sense her finger pulling the trigger, sense the crossbow aiming at me. I feel Gamel lunge at me, knock me down. The bolt grazes my left cheek, goes into someone behind me. I hit the ground as people rush around me. And I hear the screams.
 
—-
 
Rags saw the first bolt miss the [Emperor]. The second wasn’t aimed at him. It took the [Mage] she’d seen straight through the neck. He dropped, nearly falling on the old [Lady] who’d spoken. Rags saw the woman stumble backwards, face grey as her warriors surged forwards. Rags pointed and threw fire into the crowd as she struggled to reload.
