5.33 B
Page 0

She sat below. He stood above. The distance between the two was immaterial. They were linked and the rock and stone and water that lay between them were no barrier. If they had stood ten miles apart they might have struggled with this trick. But practice made the task easy as breathing here. When she spoke he spoke. When he listened, she heard.
“I dislike interruptions. I am busy. Nor do I care for questions.”
Klbkch bowed smoothly to the two Drakes.
“My Queen greets you with perceived warmth and welcomes your inquiries, Watch Captain.”
Zevara cleared her throat. She looked nervous, although she had spoken with Klbkch often in her private office in the Watch’s barracks. Only, it wasn’t Senior Guardsman Klbkch she was speaking to. Klbkch stood behind her divested of his armor, with only the twin silver swords hanging at his waist. In this moment he was the Revalantor of the Free Antinium of Liscor and she addressed him as such.
“Revalantor Klbkch. Do I have that right? Let me first congratulate you on your promotion.”
“Thank you.”
Watch Captain Zevara waited, but Klbkch did not elaborate on what his new rank meant. She coughed and went on.
“Ah, I realize this is somewhat irregular, but some concerns have been raised about the proximity of the Antinium Hive to the dungeon.”
The Drake shuffled some papers on her desk. Klbkch nodded.
“My Queen is aware of these concerns. She has tasked me with relaying her words. Ask your questions, Watch Captain.”
“Right. Well, to begin with, how long have the Antinium known about this dungeon?”
Beneath the earth, the Queen shifted in her chambers. She spoke in the dim light, her mandibles slowly clicking together as she looked upwards.
“How could we not?”
Klbkch inclined his head a fraction.
“The discovery of the dungeon was quite a surprise to our Hive. I believe we first became aware of it a few months ago.”
Zevara glanced at something hidden in her right claw. Red light shone brightly at her and she grimaced.
“I see. And the entrances to the dungeon?”
“It seems monsters are able to tunnel through the earth. The fortifications discovered by the Horns of Hammerad and the Silver Swords are a natural precaution.”
“Very sensible of you. This wouldn’t also be a, ah, staging ground for the Antinium to enter the dungeon themselves?”
Below, the Queen sighed. She moved her huge body a few feet, ponderously, a giant confined in a cavern too small.
“Tiresome. Why ask what is known?”
“Of course we would leave the exploration of the dungeon to adventurers in all circumstances. However, the proximity of so many threats to the Hive—and to Liscor—necessitates a combative approach that may result in incursions of a preventative nature.”
“Obviously.”
Zevara scratched at the spines on her head and sighed.
“You are aware that under Liscorian law that all items retrieved from the dungeon are technically Liscor’s property? Naturally the dungeon falls under existing agreements with the Adventurer’s Guild’s right to trespass, but that would not apply to third parties.”
“What the Antinium take will never be returned.”
“My Queen is fully aware of the existing legal structure of Liscor and abides by every law placed to the best of her ability. However, it would be remiss for me not to point out that under the agreement signed by Liscor’s Council and the Free Antinium, our Hive is not subject to the legal restrictions of Liscor, nor would the dungeon be considered Liscorian property as the claim to Liscor only applies to the lands around the city, not, in fact, what lies underground.”
