5.33 B
Page 5
Baiss shifted again. He looked quite worried. Hawk eyed him and hesitated. Couriers, like Runners, had a strict code that prohibited them from leaking secrets of what they delivered and to whom. It mattered a lot more for Couriers given how much they traded on their reputation, but Baiss looked like he was about to burst. So Hawk carefully chose his next words.
“Can you tell me about your delivery?”
“What? Oh.”
The Drake jumped and looked around. He frowned and Hawk expected him to say no. But to his surprise, the Drake grunted.
“Can’t hurt. It’s not like everyone doesn’t know about it already.”
“Really?”
Now both of Hawk’s eyebrows rose. A Courier usually kept every detail of their delivery private. Even for innocuous deliveries. But Baiss was nodding.
“You have no idea how many Drakes know about this. Not my fault either. I had to get this cleared by so many channels that—well, I should never have taken the job. But the pay was really good and they wanted someone to do it. So—here.”
He put something on the table. A bag of holding. This one was delicate, hand-made and clearly superior to most mass-produced bags of holding. Hawk had seen it before so he picked up the black pouch stitched with red and gold and peeked inside. The instant he opened the drawstrings he recoiled and closed the bag up tight. It took all of Hawk’s effort not to shout.
“Ancestors, Baiss!”
“Yup.”
The Drake drained another mug and waved at the [Receptionist]. The Gnoll on duty gulped and hurried over with another drink as fast as he could. Hawk waited until he was back behind the desk before hissing at Baiss. Couriers used anti-listening charms and other tools to detect observation as a matter of trade, so there was no chance of being overheard by the Gnoll’s keen ears.
“And you’ve been carrying that all the way from Oteslia?”
“Not that far. I was on a trip northwest. Scale me alive, do you think I’d get something like this anywhere else?”
“No. But—are you sure this is alright?”
Hawk looked at Baiss with genuine concern. The Drake nodded slowly.
“It’s been cleared. Through the highest channels. I’ll bet my tail and yours that every official in all six Walled Cities know about it.”
“And they agreed to let you deliver it?”
“It’s a request. It pays well. I just want to be rid of it now. I’m waiting on one of them to pick it up. But—”
The door opened. Baiss looked over Hawk’s shoulder and choked on his drink. The Rabbit man thumped him on the back and turned. He saw Klbkch looking around. The Gnoll on duty hurried towards him and pointed to the table.
“Oh, Ancestors!”
Baiss shook in his seat. Hawk stared at him before he realized that Baiss had probably never seen an Antinium before.
“Calm down, Baiss. That’s Klbkch. He’s known around the city. He’s a Senior Guardsman. As Antinium go, he’s the only one I trust.”
“Him? I heard the Antinium actually walked about Liscor, but—oh, dead gods.”
“Don’t panic.”
Hawk turned and waved at Klbkch as the Antinium approached. Baiss was stiff in his seat, but he remembered to stand.
“Uh—are you—are you—?”
Klbkch nodded coolly at Baiss. He glanced at Hawk.
“I am Klbkchhezeim, Revalantor of the Free Antinium of Liscor. I believe you have a delivery for me?”
“I do. I do! It’s right here—I’ll need a seal, proof of your identification. Uh—”
“I should go.”
Hawk got up to leave, aware that he shouldn’t be listening. But Baiss shot him a desperate look and Klbkch also shook his head.
“That is not necessary. I am sure your presence would expedite matters, Courier Hawk.”
