5.33 B
Page 19
“You are a [Hunter].”
“I am. I have a bow. I shoot birds.”
For the first time in years, the Queen had to pause to digest this information. She studied the Worker. Well, he had answered her. He hunted animals.
“And you believe this contributes to the Hive? Do you believe protecting this inn is a task that will further the Hive’s goals?”
The Worker tilted his head back and forth.
“Um. I do not know.”
Uncertainty. The Queen nodded slowly. At least he was aware of this. She peered at Bird again.
“Erin Solstice is a unique individual to the Hive. She has worth of a kind. But will she employ it for the Hive’s use or does she withhold her aid? Klbkchhezeim assures me she is an ally. What is your opinion?”
The little Antinium paused.
“Miss Erin is very nice. She made me a fortress of fluff.”
At first she was shocked by the reply. And then she was suspicious. Darkly so. This time, the silence that came from the Queen was ominous. The Worker seemed to take that as a cue to go on, so he did.
“She feeds me food when I ask for it. And she has many interesting things. She has a play in the inn. And Goblins. And adventurers. And she gave me a bow. Which broke. I like Miss Erin. She plays chess and says I play weird games. But good! When I hunt birds she takes them and cooks them. And she pays me money.”
“Money?”
The Queen latched onto that last word, ceasing the flow of chatter. The Worker nodded.
“I am paid money each week. She gives me silver coins and bronze ones and tells me not to use them to lure crows.”
“And do you give this money to Klbkch—to your Revalantor? Do you return it to the Hive?”
The Worker looked blank.
“Why should I? It is mine.”
Now the Queen was certain. She leaned forwards.
“But you are part of the Hive. You are Individual, but you are still loyal to the Hive. Or are you Aberration? Do you reject the Hive?”
“No. I am Bird. I hunt birds. No one told me to give money to the Hive so I did not. I hunt birds because Miss Erin and Revalantor Klbkch told me I could. I have a bow, but I left it on the table. But I brought the rucksack!”
And there it was. The Queen drew herself backwards. She spoke one word.
“Flaw.”
The word echoed in the chamber. At the entrance, the Soldiers shuddered, the first move they had made since arriving for their shift of guard duty. The Worker looked around.
“Where?”
The Queen ignored him. She sat back, feeling tired. Betrayed? No. Not even hurt, in truth. But she understood now why Klbkch had been so anxious not to let her see this Worker. She had not realized it when he stood with the others. Then, she had been too disappointed, listening to their wrong answers that marked them as not being true Antinium. But now it was clear. She looked down at the Worker.
“You are a flawed creation.”
The Worker stared up at her, neither surprised nor afraid. It did not understand.
“I am?”
The Queen nodded. He—it was a failure. It shouldn’t have surprised her. In a pool size as small as that of the Individuals, there was certain to be at least one. She sighed. Of course, Klbkch would have wanted to conceal an error, especially one that hinted at more faults in the creation of individuals. It was only fortunate that he had concealed the same failings from Xrn and the others when they inspected the Hive. Wearily, she beckoned with a feeler.
“Come closer, Worker.”
“Okay.”
He walked closer. The Queen bent. Her massive face stared down at him and her mandibles opened slowly.
“Your mind is broken, little Worker. Your development was flawed. You never should have been created.”
“I should not?”
