5.33 B
Page 16
“That is most gratifying to hear. I hope that our continued efforts will mean we can visit Miss Erin someday. I would like to play her and see how much I have improved. And play games of Go with her.”
“I also.”
Pawn listened to the two and nodded.
“I will attempt to bring this matter up with Klbkch.”
“Thank you, Pawn.”
“Yes. Thank you. Garry, what of you?”
“I serve the Queen. It is…difficult. But I do level.”
Garry took over for Pawn in playing Belgrade. His four hands moved slower than the other Worker’s. Pawn stared at Garry with concern.
“I have spoken to the Queen only once. How is she to work under directly?”
“She is the Queen. I am a Worker. It is…good to cook. I must not complain.”
The [Cook] looked down at the board. The other three Workers looked at each other. Bird looked at the white bird on the walls. In silence, they played. It seemed Belgrade was suddenly worse because he lost to Garry, and Pawn told Garry to learn to dance and read some of the picture books on his day off. He got up with Belgrade while Bird played Anand. When they came back, Bird was still playing.
“What of you, Bird? Have you done anything of note?”
Startled, Bird looked up.
“I shot a fish.”
The Workers waited. Garry was staring at a picture book and glancing up every now and then. Pawn clicked his mandibles together.
“And?”
“And my bow is still broken.”
“I see.”
Bird looked down at his board. He knew that he should say something else. But it was hard! He tried to think.
“I got paid.”
“Paid?”
Suddenly all of the Workers stared at Bird. He hunched his shoulders.
“Is that news?”
“Yes. Miss Erin is paying you, Bird?”
“She is. She says I can save it for a new bow. She gave me many silver coins and bronze ones. She tells me not to use them as bait for crows. I have put it away in my room. Next to my fortress of fluff.”
“Your what?”
“It is what Miss Erin calls my bedding. She made me a place to sit and sleep. It is made of pillows and blankets and soft things.”
The other Workers stared at Bird. Belgrade opened and closed his mandibles.
“I would like to express my incredible jealousy towards you, Bird.”
“Alright, Belgrade.”
The other Workers kept pestering Bird about his fortress of fluff and what it was like having money and what he was going to do with it. And about Miss Erin and the adventurers, Goblins, and everything else. It was very hard for Bird to concentrate on his game and the questions. Eventually he lost.
Anand frowned down at the board. He stared up at Bird who was chewing on a piece of fish.
“Bird. That was a most curious game we played.”
“Yes?”
Bird tilted his head. Anand looked at the board. Belgrade, Pawn, and Garry crowded around. They looked up at Bird.
“I had the same impression as Anand. Your playing style was incredibly odd, Bird. What was your objective? It seems as though you threw away your Queen and a quarter of your pieces. But your play on the left side was incredible.”
“I played to make the game good. It did not go entirely like I wanted. But it is good. See?”
Bird turned the board. Anand, Belgrade, Garry, and Pawn stared at his side of the board blankly. Bird waited. They looked at him.
“What is good about this, Bird?”
“I made a crow. See?”
Bird pointed. It was lopsided, but a black crow was looking at the other Workers. A white king was the one eye. The Workers stared at it. Belgrade turned his head left and right.
“I do not see a crow.”
“Bird. Was that your objective in playing the game the entire time?”
Anand asked sharply. Bird hunched his shoulders.
“Maybe?”
