5.33 B
Page 15
“Miss Erin made them. They are fish with bread. Or bread on fish. She says she made some for Antinium with less bread because bread is no good for Antinium. But it still has bread. There is a sauce you dip the fish flakes into. Miss Erin says the fish flakes are good hot and a nice snack.”
“How wonderful. I must copy this design.”
Garry reverentially picked up a fish flake, breaking off a bit and then inspecting the insides to see what was underneath the crust. He nibbled at the food as Anand and Belgrade offered the fish flakes to some of the other Antinium who had passed by. It was Pawn who gave two thirds of the pack’s contents to Yellow Splatters to distribute. The rest went on the dirt table.
“I envy you, Bird. It is a privilege to work at Miss Erin’s inn and experience her cooking each day.”
“It is? Yes, it is good.”
Bird nodded at Garry. The other Worker paused and looked at Pawn. The Worker opened his mandibles and looked around.
“I suppose it is time. Let us speak.”
The other Workers nodded. They sat around the table, eating from what Garry and Bird had brought. Belgrade and Anand had brought real chess sets and so the Workers took turns playing while they spoke. Bird sat, letting Anand play Pawn first while Garry played Belgrade. He listened, staring at the white bird on the walls sometimes. Just in case it moved.
“—An incident while I was on duty. Two adventuring teams entered the Hive from the dungeon. It was the subject of much agitation from Revalantor Klbkch. However, he told me this may be an opportunity for the Hive. He did not elaborate.”
Pawn delicately moved a chess piece, nodding.
“The issue is that of the Drake cities. Or so Lyonette tells me. The Drakes may be upset that we have a route into the dungeon and thus may obtain treasure. By we, I refer to the Hive in general.”
“Surely they knew? It would be obvious that a Hive would have some vectors by which to enter the dungeon given our proximity.”
Anand paused as he pushed Garry across the board with ease. Pawn shook his head.
“I cannot speculate. I only know what Lyonette told me and she is not an expert on Drake politics.”
“But she is a Human. She knows many things. And you danced with her. I did not know this.”
Garry’s tone was wistful. The other Workers had not seen him for over a month. Garry’s duties involved serving the Queen and apparently that meant he did not get much time off. Bird watched as Garry lost the game against Anand.
“Revalantor Klbkch was very upset with you, Pawn. But he has expressed contentment with you as well. I do not know how he regards you.”
Belgrade’s mandibles clicked as he cornered Pawn’s bishop. He was a better player than Pawn. Both Belgrade and Anand were very good. Bird obediently sat as Anand reset the board so he and Anand could play. He enjoyed chess. But not as much as hunting birds.
“I do not know what Klbkch thinks of me either, Belgrade. I hope to work well with him, but I cannot help but feel that I disappoint him sometimes. Other times I feel that I do not disappoint him because he has no expectations of me. By contrast he speaks highly of you and Anand. Your fortifications and traps perform wonderfully.”
“Revalantor Klbkch says that?”
Belgrade’s antennae twitched wildly. Bird watched with interest as he played Anand. Pawn nodded.
“In terms of developments I would hope for your and Anand’s continued growth most. You have already saved many lives with your strategies and I am told your management helps the Queen herself.”
The two [Tacticians] sat straighter. Anand nodded.
