5.33 B
Page 10
“The alchemy ingredients I purchased did not work?”
The Free Queen shook her head.
“Alchemical goods are too complex. Without rendering they are impossible to work with. Magic and body parts—”
The Queen clicked her mandibles irritably. The notion of alchemy, of the so-called masters of potions and craft offended her to her core. To a Queen of the Antinium, [Alchemists] were nothing more than infants playing around with cheap toys. They banged rocks together when they should be rendering miracles out of sand.
Of course, these were metaphors based in the terminology of other species. The Free Queen didn’t think of rocks and sand, or even infants. Her image of the [Alchemists] was of a wriggling larvae with half-formed eyes, squirming about and playing with complex cellulose instead of the most basic of enzymes. The Free Queen clicked her mandibles together, scratching them irritably.
“The Grand Queen boasted of her invention. Magic scrying and remote control. A poor solution.”
“Effective.”
“I saw her Prognugators. She has not altered them in any way. What have the other Queens done in this time? Have they learned nothing?”
Klbkch paused, his antennae moving restlessly.
“I observed the Flying Queen and the Silent Queen’s new combat forms. The Silent Queen has improved on her designs.”
“True. As for the Flying Queen, she has delved further into folly. I saw the Flying Antinium’s forms. Many flaws. Imperfections. Even in her Revalantor! That they move and ‘fly’ is a product of so many faults. So many that they cover for each other.”
“If they function well in battle, her methods have merit, my Queen.”
“She should have spent time perfecting what she had. As I did. I spent four years reconfiguring the formulation of muscle fiber. Two more years after that I spent on balance. Your current form is the pinnacle of that achievement. Not enough. But it is better, is it not?”
The Free Queen looked down at Klbkch. He flexed one arm and nodded.
“I am stronger. Though I have still yet to regain the rest of my lost levels…this form is stronger than my old one.”
“Good.”
“Do you have plans on mass-producing this form?”
“No. It requires too much work. Too many resources. I may update the Workers and Soldiers with the changes in muscle fiber. If I am able. There is much to do, Klbkch. Much, and the Hive still consumes my attention.”
“Belgrade and Anand have helped in that regard of late, haven’t they?”
The Free Queen nodded. She picked up the lifeless Drone and set it in a corner of the room, propping it up. Garry would have to feed it now and then. Tiresome.
“Progress has been made. But there is still far too much to be done, Klbkchhezeim. These Individuals are incomplete and the methods of creating them are far too uncertain. Look at that one.”
She pointed. Garry froze as he scurried out of his kitchen, perhaps to do some shopping. He turned and bowed to the Free Queen and Klbkch.
“Flaw.”
Garry trembled. Klbkch stared at him and then at his Queen. He hesitated, and then stepped backwards, as if shielding Garry from the Free Queen’s displeasure.
“They are not true Antinium, my Queen. But I believe you do them a disservice. Each of the original five Workers has contributed to the Hive’s wellbeing in their own way. Garry is an exemplary [Cook] and I believe his continued leveling is a testament to his hard work.”
Garry’s mandibles opened wide in surprise. Klbkch turned his head and stared at him and then looked up at the Queen.
“You might consider giving him a day off? That is customary for those employed in other races.”
“Is it necessary?”
