5.33 B
Page 23
“That is good! This is what I have. Miss Erin gave me this.”
Bird proudly showed Krshia a handful of silver and bronze coins. The Gnoll sighed. And then Bird pulled something else out of his belt.
“And my Queen gave me this to buy a bow!”
He upended a bag on the table. Gold coins spilled from it, in an unending flow. Both Gnolls’ eyes bulged as Bird emptied the bag of holding on the floor. He pointed at the glittering pile.
“How many more do I need?”
 
—-
 
Later that night, Bird edged into The Wandering Inn holding a reflexed composite bow that had turned every Gnoll head on the street. Erin, who’d been shouting at a crowd of booing Drakes while the [Actors] struggled to perform on stage hurried towards him.
“Bird! I was worried when you were gone so long! How was the Hive and—where did you get that?”
She stared at the bow. Bird lifted it proudly.
“I bought it.”
“With what? Oh no—did you take it and leave the money? Bird—”
“No! Miss Krshia said it was alright. She said it was a very good deal, yes?”
“She did? Hold on—”
Erin winced as a Drake threw something at the stage. She turned and Bird felt something ripple in the air. The crowd went quiet and the impending riot stopped, but they began to boo under their breaths. He peered at the Drakes with interest.
“Are they pretending to be birds? They are saying ‘boo’. You told me owls go ‘hoo’. Or ‘whoo’. Did you lie to me?”
Bird gave Erin a betrayed look. She stared at him.
“No, Bird. They’re unhappy about the play.”
“Oh. That is okay then.”
“That bow—”
Erin winced as something else broke. A Human [Actor] stormed off stage and she turned.
“Damnit. I’ve got to sort this out. Bird—get some food if you’re hungry.”
“I am not hungry.”
“Okay, then—stay out of trouble! The Goblins have this. I don’t want you getting hurt, so just uh—”
“Can I go to my tower and look for birds?”
“Yes! Do that!”
Bird walked upstairs happily as Erin went to shout at people. Erin was always having fun. He walked up to his tower and opened his trap door. Rain was still falling. Bird climbed up and sat on his stool. It was wet. He covered his new bow so the rain would not make it bad and wondered where his old one had gone. He would ask Erin about it later. It was good to have a new bow, but two bows was better than one.
It was wet up in his tower. The wind occasionally blew water into Bird. It was cold. There were no birds. But Bird was happy. He had had a special day alright. He sat in his tower. Time passed. After a while, he sang a song.
“When will the rain stop? Maybe never. Maybe we’ll all be washed away. Erin tells me someday, but forever is like tomorrow. Today is today. When will the rain stop? I miss birds and water birds never come out to play.”
And when he was tired, Bird went down to his fortress of fluff and slept in it. He curled up with his new bow lying in front of him. And he heard a voice.
 
[Singer Level 7!]
[Skill – Soothing Melody obtained!]
 
That was nice. Bird drifted off to sleep. And in his dreams the water birds came out to play. Bird watched them fly through the water and sky and happily raised his bow. It was about time.
 

