5.33 B
Page 11
Klbkch paused. He glanced at Garry again. The Worker looked hopeful.
“…It may assist with his leveling.”
“Hm.”
The Free Queen was already in a bad mood. The idea of not having anything to snack on displeased her, but she put Klbkch’s advice over her desires.
“Very well. A day. Go.”
“Thank you, my Queen!”
Garry bowed. The Free Queen stared at him and he fled. Klbkch sighed. He looked up at his Queen. In some ways she understood very little about the world. She was holed up in the Hive while he had gone above and seen the world. He understood more than she did, he knew. But he had little but admiration for her. She had seen the flaw of the Antinium and attempted to solve it, though she understood little of the solution. He wondered if he could tell her what he had seen, explain to her what Pawn had done.
“I believe these Individuals show promise. Especially Pawn’s new unit.”
“The Painted Soldiers. You have given me the reports and I have observed their efficiency. Yes. I agree. But they are still not…”
“I know. But it seems that we will be able to create more of them. That will strengthen the Hive.”
“True.”
The Free Queen was moody. Unhappy. The Hive would become stronger, but her goal, the goal that she and Klbkch were working for was no closer.
“You say these Individuals show promise. I agree. But we have but five. Five who you claim are…original.”
“Perhaps seven, now, my Queen. Two of the Soldiers show great promise. Yellow Splatters and Purple Smile.”
“What ridiculous names.”
Klbkch had no answer to that. The Free Queen paused.
“Will these Individuals ever be true Antinium, Klbkch?”
“I do not know, my Queen. But they are helpful. If I could turn a thousand Antinium into such Individuals of Belgrade or Anand’s character, I would in an instant. Those of Garry’s quality, likewise. Even Pawn shows promise, for all the trouble he causes.”
“Hmm. What about the fifth one?”
Klbkch paused.
“Oh. Bird.”
“Does he show promise, Klbkchhezeim?”
“…Yes?”
The Free Queen stared down at Klbkch. He looked away from her. She had worked with him, shared her mind and goals with him, for over a decade. She knew he had his secrets. She knew he was, in a way, far superior to anything she could be. A Centenium while she was but a Queen. She trusted him, and took his words to heart, even if she disagreed with his assessment of the Individuals. But she was very sure he was lying to her right now. And because she was frustrated, annoyed with the Grand Queen and her failed experiments and not having anything to eat, she called him on his lies.
“Prove it.”
 
—-
 
Bird sang in his little watch tower above Erin’s inn. He watched the rain come down as he sang. It was not a song he knew. He made it up as he went along. Sometimes the song surprised him.
“Rain, rain, go away. Rain on me another day.”
This one was based off a song Erin had taught him. Bird rocked back and forth on the little stool she’d given him, his homemade bow in hand. He missed his other bow. It had broken. Bird had tried to put it back together, but he’d failed. But he still had a bow. And arrows. And what else did you really need? Bird didn’t know, but Erin had told him there was something else.
He didn’t care. The rain kept falling down, pattering on the roof on top of his tower. Bird hadn’t wanted it—how could he look overhead with it there?—but Pawn told him he could take it down when the rain was gone. The rain made a nice pattering sound overhead.
“So rainy. Lots of rain.”
