5.33 B
Page 1
Both the Queen and Zevara paused. The Queen raised one massive feeler.
“Is that so, Klbkch?”
Far above, he shrugged. Zevara cursed softly and rifled through her papers.
“Damn. Really? I uh—sorry, Klbkch. Let me just write that down.”
She scribbled urgently on a piece of parchment as Klbkch waited patiently. After a few seconds, Zevara looked up and sat up formally once more.
“I see. Well, as Watch Captain of Liscor I am concerned about the possibility of Antinium and adventurers meeting by accident. I understand the Hive is…dangerous to intruders.”
“Tell her that creeping spies and saboteurs will die as they always have, Klbkchhezeim.”
“The entryways to the dungeon will be marked, Watch Captain. Quite clearly. We cannot take responsibility for anyone who ignores the warnings.”
“Nor can Liscor prevent any accidents that might occur while adventures explore the dungeon.”
“I fully understand.”
Zevara met Klbkch’s eyes and sighed.
“Please tell your Queen that I hope for our continued success working together. I am sure that whatever reservations the Council may have about the dungeon will be assuaged by our meeting. I would like to speak with you further about the possible dangers of monsters attacking Liscor and the Hive…but I think we can do that in your capacity as Senior Guardsman. Send my sincerest regards to your Queen.”
“I shall do so.”
The Queen of the Free Antinium turned her head.
“Tell your Watch Captain that I do not care for her.”
“She thanks you for your interest and wishes you continued success as Watch Captain. My Queen was especially pleased to note your commendation after the siege of Face-Eater Moths. It is well deserved.”
Zevara blinked. Her tail, hidden behind her desk, swished and gently knocked against the table before she caught herself.
“Oh? Oh. Thank you. I ah, thank her and wish her the same. That’s all, Klbkch.”
The Antinium nodded. He left Zevara’s office, marching downstairs and out of the barracks. A few Gnolls and Drakes waved at him. Klbkch waved back as he stepped out into the pouring rain. He strode down the street. After a moment the Queen spoke.
“What commendation was that, Klbkchhezeim?”
Klbkch spoke softly, although no one was around to hear him as he walked down the street. Water glanced off his carapace as he headed for the Hive.
“She received a medal for heroism and competence in the defense of Liscor, my Queen.”
“Medals. They are…”
“Bits of shaped metal that are hung on a body to emphasize superiority for deeds achieved.”
“Ah. Are they valuable?”
“Not monetarily.”
“I see. Do you have more of your duties above, Klbkchhezeim?”
“No, my Queen. I will return below shortly. However, I have been apprised of an outstanding package waiting for me at the Runner’s Guild and will meet the Courier there before returning.”
“Do so.”
The Queen of the Free Antinium felt Klbkch stride down the street and turn before she broke the connection between the two.
 
—-
 
Klbkch was gone. He vanished from the Queen’s mind and she no longer sensed the rain falling, saw and heard and smelled what he did. Suddenly, she only had one body and it sat, bloated and immobile in her chambers. It felt limiting. But the Queen had lived so for over a decade and she was used to the feeling.
