5.33 B
Page 9
Her words were abrupt. Almost insulting. The Free Queen bristled until she remembered that this was how the Grand Queen had been. She spoke, concealing her anger.
“Prognugator Xrn has returned to the Hive, then?”
“Yes.”
Silence. The Free Queen paused.
“This network—”
“A series of proxies using magic to facilitate control at range. My design.”
The Grand Queen’s satisfaction radiated through her voice and posture. The Free Queen clicked her mandibles together shortly.
“Is the process one w—”
“Other Queens have their own proxies. This one was sent first. Others will arrive in time.”
“What if I wish to instigate communications with other Hives?”
A pause.
“That is not necessary at this point. Other Queens may contact your Hive as appropriate.”
“I see.”
The Free Queen contemplated the miniature Grand Queen. Perhaps the only thing that kept her from picking up the drone and breaking it was how satisfying it felt to look down at the Grand Queen. The Grand Queen didn’t feel the same way. She stepped backwards until she was able to stare at the Free Queen without tilting her head up.
“Drakes have made inquiries as to the Hive in Liscor. In regards to the dungeon unearthed recently.”
“As I informed you in my latest report. The dungeon is currently the subject of interest in Liscor. A group of adventurers inadvertently discovered a route into the Hive from the dungeon. However, the Hive is well-fortified and—”
“This information has already been considered. Continue probing the dungeon. Commit whatever resources are necessary to acquire artifacts.”
The Grand Queen turned from the Free Queen and looked at Klbkch.
“Klbkchhezeim.”
“Grand Queen.”
He bowed smoothly. The Grand Queen studied him. Her feelers waved. When she spoke next she sounded irritated.
“Your form has been altered. Without permission.”
“It was a necessary side effect of the Rite of Anastases, Grand Queen. This form allows me to fulfill my duties far more efficiently than my old one.”
“…Understood. Do you have anything to report at this moment?”
Klbkch looked at the Grand Queen’s proxy. He glanced up at the Free Queen who was vibrating dangerously.
“Did Prognugator Xrn return to the Hive safely?”
“Yes.”
“Then I have nothing to report.”
“Understood. Maintain this vessel. Other proxies will be delivered in time. Await orders until then. That is all.”
The Grand Queen departed as quickly as she’d come. The drone crumpled and Klbkch and the Free Queen looked at it. Neither spoke for a second. Klbkch clicked his mandibles together shortly.
“That was unexpected.”
“Was it?”
The Free Queen was simmering with slow-burning fury. Klbkch paused.
“I suppose not. She is still angry at you, my Queen.”
“Yes. Because I am here. Because I succeeded where she believed I would not.”
The two looked at each other. Klbkch nodded.
“The other Queens will send their own proxies? It would be good to communicate with the Hives.”
“And receive orders I do not wish to obey. But yes. The connection will be reestablished. Perhaps a transportation network will be built.”
“That would be an undertaking. But yes, it would be welcome. What concerns me is that the Hives may soon move.”
“Too soon.”
“We must say as much.”
The Free Queen turned away from Klbkch.
“You must say as much. She will listen to you. I am renegade. She saw your new form. She was displeased.”
“As well you did not show her your experiments. But if she is willing to speak, perhaps she would lend you the components you require.”
“Perhaps. I am in need of them, Klbkch.”
Klbkch’s gaze went to the sealed stone doors.
