5.33 B
Page 22
The Queen looked at him. Bird looked up. He scuffed at the ground and looked around. The Soldiers stared at him. The Queen of the Free Antinium stared at him.
“If I bring you a bird, can I go?”
For a while, the Queen looked. Then she smiled. She tried to remember an Antinium like Bird. She couldn’t remember a one. She thought of Galuc the Builder. Yes, perhaps Bird was close to him. Ironically, he had something of Galuc in him. Or perhaps he was unique. She lifted him and Bird looked around, excited to be in the air.
“So this is what Klbkchhezeim meant. You are not true Antinium, little Worker.”
Bird nodded.
“I am not. You told me.”
“Yes. But you are Individual. You are worthy.”
“Does this mean I can go?”
The Queen sighed.
“Yes. But you must return.”
“Oh. With birds?”
“Yes. With a bird. And to sing for me. Will you do that?”
Bird thought about this. He tilted his head from side to side and then nodded.
“Yes. I promise. And I do not forget my promises. Mostly.”
“Good. Then sing for me. One last song, little Bird. Sing for me.”
And Bird did. The Queen listened as Bird rocked back and forth, singing a song about the day he broke his bow and there are many birds in the sky. Oh, flying so high. And then they came down and broke his tower too. And there was rain and Bird could not put back together his bow. Even with glue.
He liked to rhyme. At last, Bird stopped singing and the Queen let him go. She gave brief orders to Klbkch when he rushed back in and then sat back as both Antinium hurried out of her chambers. Bird left. He went out of the Hive. But his song remained. And when Garry eventually crept back into the room, the Queen turned and looked at him. And bent low until her head was close to Garry’s trembling form.
“Do you too sing, little Worker? Do you sing…Garry?”
He did not. But that was fine too.
 
—-
 
One unusual detail happened in Liscor. Aside from the Drakes that flooded into Erin’s inn to heckle her performance that night. And Watch Captain Zevara delivering her report to Wall Lord Ilvriss and the Walled Cities. And Baiss nearly getting eaten by a fish. But one more thing happened and Krshia was part of it.
It was the curious incident of a Bird in the marketplace. She was called by one of the Gnolls who ran a bowyer’s shop. He was in some distress. Krshia arrived to find Bird inspecting each bow with great curiosity.
“He—it—just arrived ten minutes ago and started looking at bows, Krshia. I cannot make it tell me what it wants! It just says it wants a bird-bow. Can you speak to it?”
Krshia eyed Bird and then approached him with a smile on her face. Bird looked up.
“Hello Miss Krshia. I am Bird. We have met.”
She nodded carefully. Erin had told her about Bird. So had Pawn. He was the strange one, even by Antinium standards.
“We have, yes. Are you here to shop, Bird?”
“Yes! Miss Erin gave me money today. I earned it.”
The Gnoll looked at the other [Shopkeeper] and grimaced.
“Yes, well, that is very good. But bows cost much money, no? It may be you do not have enough.”
“Oh.”
“And it is not good to enter a shop and try merchandise without enough coin, you understand? Maybe you should come back another time. Miss Erin will tell you when you have enough money, surely.”
“I see. I thought I had enough.”
Bird drooped. Krshia felt so bad for him that she threw him a metaphorical bone. Or rather, gave him one since no Gnoll would bother throwing away a good bone without sucking the marrow out first.
“Maybe you have enough. Who knows? Miss Erin may be generous, yes? I can at least tell you how much you must save.”
