5.33 B
Page 13
“Birds. Mm. Tasty.”
The food was hot and filling. Miss Erin watched him eat and then frowned.
“Hey Bird, how long have you been up on the roof? I can’t remember the last time I saw you eating down here.”
Bird paused and shrugged.
“I don’t know. Maybe I was here a week ago?”
“A week!?”
“Maybe I was here an hour ago?”
Erin exchanged odd looks with Ceria and Lyonette. She went to confer with them as Bird ate. Good food made him happy. He saw Mrsha sneaking up to his plate and blocked her when she tried to snatch a piece of his chicken.
“My birds.”
“Bird, you need to come down at least twice a day for food, okay? Promise me.”
“Okay. I promise.”
Bird finished his food and felt better. His head felt clearer and his stomach stopped bothering him. He sat as Erin took his plate and when she asked him how it tasted he told her it was good. All things were going well, until Bird remembered something.
“Oh. I forgot.”
“About your promise?”
“No. Today is an important day.”
A special day. Bird had nearly forgotten, but he was sure he’d remembered just in time. He stood up.
“I must go to the Hive today. I have to meet Pawn and Belgrade and Anand and Garry. Maybe not Garry. But the others will be there.”
Erin slapped her forehead.
“That’s right! Pawn did say to remind you! Hold on—I even made a few snacks for you to take with you! Hold on—”
She want into the kitchen. When she came back she had a rucksack filled with nice smelling things. Bird opened the pack and discovered it was more food! His stomach rumbled again.
“Now Bird, remember, this is for everyone. It’s not bird bait. And you can’t get it wet, okay?”
“Okay, Miss Erin. I will go now.”
Bird strode towards the door. He opened it and was halfway down the hill when Erin came chasing after him.
“Bird! Not that way!”
Bird was headed towards the underwater bridge. He looked back at Erin, confused, as she waved at him in the rain.
“Are you crazy? Go through the magic door!”
“But there is a bridge now.”
“You can’t swim!”
That was true. If he fell in the water, Bird was sure he’d drown. But the bridge looked like fun as it swayed just under the water’s surface. Erin dragged Bird back into the inn, though. She made him promise not to use the bridge and fiddled with the door.
“Let’s see—oops! That’s Pallass.”
Bright sunlight shone on Bird’s face. He looked at the blue skies.
“Do you think there are birds in Pallass?”
Erin hesitated, looking at Bird. She bit her lip and looked at Lyonette, who waved her hands and shook her head for some reason.
“…No. I think Pallass has no birds. At all.”
“That is a shame.”
“Yes, it is, isn’t it? Okay, here’s Liscor.”
It was wet and raining. Bird stepped through into the street and heard Erin turn back to Lyonette. He quite clearly heard her voice before the door closed.
“Lyonette, I think you should take Bird when you go with Mrsha to Celum. He’ll be a good bodyguard.”
“If we can get him through the city without causing trouble. I’ll try it next time. Now, these pretzels are good, but they won’t stop trouble at tonight’s play, Erin.”
“That’s why I’ve been practicing with my aura. The pretzels are just for fun. Did you like the cheese sauce or is it—”
The door closed. Bird stared at it for a second and then began walking down the street. Liscor was rainy. Drakes and Gnolls passed Bird on the street, some staring at him, but without much alarm. Bird hummed under his breath, looking around in case there were birds, but not really expecting any.
Soon he came to the Hive. The entrance was dark and rain was pouring in. Bird paused there.
“Dark.”
