5.33 B
Page 4
The Runner’s Guild in Liscor was as usual, mostly filled with Street Runners. There wasn’t much call for City Runners in Liscor, given that Drakes rarely traded with Human cities and other Drake cities were too far away. Thus, most of the Runners in the Guild were part-timers. Young Gnolls and Drakes who wouldn’t ever become City Runners, much less Couriers. They stared at Hawk and pointed covertly as he strode past them. Hawk paid them no notice.
However, he did stop and stare when he saw the Drake with dark orange scales and bright white stripes of color across his face. Hawk broke into a grin.
“Baiss!”
The Courier sitting at the table was looking anxious and restless, but he turned with a relieved look the instant he heard Hawk’s voice. He stood up and grabbed Hawk’s arm.
“Hawk! I hoped I’d see you here!”
“What’s Oteslia’s finest Courier doing this far north? How’s the work going? Did you have a quiet run north?”
“Oh, you know. Dodging Wyverns all the way. I had to take a massive detour rather than go near the Blood Fields.”
Baiss shuddered as he sat. He had white slashes of color across his face and tail that stood out from his darker scales. Some of the Street Runners recognized him and pointed excitedly to their comrades. Baiss was a Courier like Hawk and his abilities were a known quantity to anyone who lived and breathed the world of Runners. He wasn’t as distinctive as Hawk, the only Beastkin Runner on the continent, but a Courier was famous, if only in their home city.
“Had any problems with getting across Liscor? It’s not easy to move, is it?”
The Drake grimaced.
“I don’t know how you can do it, Hawk. [Flash Step]’s no good on water and I thought someone would grab me as I was swimming. I had a bottle of Boneset Marrow in one claw the entire time I was in the water.”
Hawk rolled his eyes as he took a seat.
“Don’t use that! Boneset won’t harden nearly quick enough! Just toss something loud in the water. The explosion scares most things away. Besides, I don’t swim. I jump from hill to hill.”
“Horse crap. You’re pulling my tail. There’s no way you can jump that far!”
“Wanna bet? Some hills are just under the water. I can land on them. You just have to know where you are.”
“Huh. Well, I’m not memorizing the landscape. I’m only here to do this delivery and get out. Can’t say I’ll enjoy swimming back, but I can’t wait to be done.”
Baiss grimaced and reached for a mug. Hawk raised his eyes as he noticed how many drinks Baiss had gone through. The Runner’s Guild supplied liquor on demand, but they were hardly a bar.
“Stressed out?”
“I want to be gone yesterday. Damn rain. Damn water and fish trying to take chunks out of my ass. I don’t know how you stand it.”
The Rabbit Beastkin watched Baiss drink deeply. The Drake did look quite stressed, which was unusual. Hawk thought a moment and then nodded with his head.
“You know, there’s this door from Pallass to Liscor. Magical. You can step right through and be in Pallass in a second.”
“You serious? If I’d known that—”
Before Baiss could throw his drink, Hawk cut him off.
“The [Innkeeper]’s got a deal with the Runner’s Guild, though. No deliveries or anything that cuts into our work. You could walk through it, though. As a traveler.”
“Oh. Well, that makes sense. Good thing for us, huh?”
“I don’t see the point. It’s not like Liscor to Pallass is a good route for Couriers, anyways. Too short.”
“Right. And it’d help keep us out of the water. I’ll ask when I get done with this.”
