5.33 B
Page 8
It was not female. This drone had been created in the shape of a Queen, scaled down to a Worker’s size, but the change in appearance was cosmetic. Her internal organs and biological processes were the same as any Worker. She had not the capacity for thought, or the ability to give birth that any true female Antinium would.
By the same token, it would have been wrong to call her ‘male’. The Drone was Antinium, neither male nor female or any sex unless the biological need arose. Still, the Queen thought of the small replica as female, if only because that was her function.
“It is not female, Klbkchhezeim.”
“I thought as much. It is a replica made to imitate a Queen, though.”
“Yes. And I think it only requires revival.”
“The Rite?”
The Free Queen waved a feeler. She placed the drone back on the ground.
“Hardly. It is perfectly preserved. Reactivating the brain will only take a moment. But cleaning out the air passages so it does not choke would be helpful.”
“I will do so.”
Klbkch knelt as the Queen placed her feeler on the Antinium’s head. The miniature replica of the Queen twitched once and then went limp. It was now alive, for a given value of alive.
“It is conscious?”
“No. It has no mind. It is a shell. We must wait for the Queen in charge to realize it is awake.”
The two stood in silence for a while. Klbkch studied the inert Drone.
“I understand part of why it was sent. But surely it cannot relay anything? Not unless they have discovered how to form a Unitasis Network?”
The Free Queen paused, her feelers rubbing together.
“I am unsure. Perhaps—”
Both broke off as the drone sat upright. The Free Queen blinked as it slowly raised something. It had been holding an object in one of its feelers. She saw it raise something that shone. A piece of glass? No. A hand mirror. It stared into it and the Queen saw a flicker of light. Somewhere, far away, the cousin of the mirror activated and magic shared both image and sound between the two.
“Ah. Clever.”
A Queen from the Hives far to the south would not be able to control one of her drones from this far away with any subtlety. Without a Unitasis Network, her range would only extend a hundred miles. At most. But the little scrying glass would neatly bypass the issue. The Drone stared into the mirror and the Queen used the magical link to augment the mental one. Now the Drone stood taller and her posture changed. The mandibles opened and closed and her feelers moved with delicate subtlety as she looked around the Hive.
When she spoke, it was quietly.
“The transport was successful. The Grand Queen of the Antinium sits here. And here.”
She gestured with one feeler, then she saw the Free Queen. She looked up.
“Free Queen of the Antinium.”
“Grand Queen. It has been eleven years.”
“Yes.”
Neither Klbkch nor the Free Queen bowed. The Queen paused, her feelers moving uncertainly. She searched for words. The sudden contact unsettled her. Eleven years. After a moment she spoke.
“I assume this drone was sent after Prognugator Xrn returned to the Hive? I trust that she relayed her findings—”
The Grand Queen spoke over the Free Queen. She turned her head, looking around the cavern as she spoke in what was for the Antinium, clipped, quiet tones.
“This vessel was delivered for the purpose of communication should the need arise. The Free Antinium have been judged to have adequately made progress towards their objectives. They will now rejoin the larger Hive through this relay.”
