5.33 B
Page 17
The other Workers looked at each other. At last, Pawn closed his mandibles.
“That is a good game, Bird.”
“Yes. Yes. I did not expect any of it. What does Miss Erin say when she plays chess with you, Bird?”
“I do not play chess with Miss Erin often.”
“Oh. She is busy?”
“Yes. And I say no when she asks me.”
The other Workers stared. Belgrade grabbed Bird with his four arms.
“Say that again?”
Bird shifted uncomfortably.
“I say no. Miss Erin says I am always ‘weird to play’. But she likes playing me. Especially when I win.”
“You wh—”
All four Workers stopped and turned. Bird looked around and saw what they were staring at. The other Antinium in the barracks had gone still. Because Revalantor Klbkch was striding towards them.
“Bird.”
He spoke and Bird looked up. The other Workers stared warily at Klbkch and Garry shuffled behind Pawn.
“Yes, Revalantor Klbkch?”
“I require your presence. You will come with me.”
“Okay. Where am I going?”
“To meet the Queen. She wishes to inspect you.”
The other Workers froze. Bird nodded.
“Okay.”
He wanted to follow Klbkch, but Pawn blocked their way.
“Revalantor Klbkch. Is Bird in trouble?”
“That remains to be seen.”
Klbkch was taller than Bird and Pawn. Slimmer too. Bird stared at the shiny blades at his side. Pawn glanced at Bird and then at Klbkch.
“May I ask why the Queen wishes to see Bird?”
“She wishes to evaluate Bird’s contributions to the Hive. He will be brought before her and questioned. I will not be present.”
Both Worker and Revalantor paused. They looked at Bird. He looked at them blankly. Klbkch lowered his voice.
“I will feed him answers. It should not be a difficult questioning.”
“But Bird is—”
“I am aware. But the Queen wishes to see him. Now.”
Pawn looked helplessly at Bird. He turned to the other Workers and then hurried to Bird. He pulled the Worker aside, and lowered his head.
“Bird, you must listen to whatever Revalantor Klbkch says. Understand? Whatever he says, you must do.”
“Yes, Pawn.”
“You will be alright. The Queen just wishes to speak with you. Do whatever Klbkch says and do not do anything…abnormal. You will be fine.”
“I will be fine.”
Pawn’s mandibles opened and closed. He seemed anxious. Then he lowered his head and two of his hands clasped together. The other two held Bird’s shoulders gently.
“You will be well. I will pray for you. You will be well, Bird. Be well.”
Bird nodded.
“Thank you, Pawn.”
He walked back towards Klbkch. The Revalantor nodded and Bird walked with him as the others watched him go. Bird stared one last time at the white bird on the wall before Klbkch took him out of the barracks. They walked through the Hive. This time Bird did not walk as one. The Workers and Soldiers made way for Klbkch as he strode forwards.
“You will be alone with the Queen. Answer her honestly.”
“Yes, Revalantor Klbkch.”
“If she asks about your contributions to the Hive, mention your income as well as your role defending the inn. Do not speak overly long or in tangents.”
“What is a tangent?”
“Answer her in short sentences, Bird. Speak only of the good you have done.”
“Yes, Revalantor Klbkch.”
The other Antinium turned to look at him as they neared the Queen’s chambers. Bird had only been there once. He remembered that day. Klbkch had been worried and so had the others. The Queen had asked them questions in turn. She had made Pawn afraid and the others had shook as they stood before her. Now it was Klbkch who seemed on the verge of shaking.
