5.34
Page 6
“We know. But we can’t think in here. We’ll be back tomorrow.”
“Yeah, we’ll, uh, probably be at it all night. Ahem. I think that’s our cue. Moore, you’ve gotten enough fish in you?”
The half-Giant nodded as he wiped his fingers delicately on a handkerchief.
“It was quite delicious, Miss Erin. Our apologies. We’ll be back.”
“Yeah…okay.”
Erin looked despondent as the Halfseekers made their way out of the inn. She looked around and sighed.
“Okay, let’s do this. Hey Ceria, you going to go too?”
“We’re not busy.”
Ceria smiled at Erin and saw the [Innkeeper] brighten a little. She and the others turned as Erin strode towards the stage at the back of the room. Erin waved her hands and Wesle broke off with a vial of poison in his hands on stage. The young Human woman turned and raised her voice.
“Alright! You jerks win! Anyone who’s mad about the play come closer and pull up a seat! We’ll try to make it better if you all agree to stop coming here and causing trouble!”
She glared as the Drakes in the back cheered. Ceria glanced at Pisces, who had moved over to scavenge the food the Halfseekers had left.
“Looks like Erin’s giving in. You want to watch?”
“At the demise of art to satisfy the demands of the plebian masses? I should be so lucky.”
Pisces sneered. Ceria rolled her eyes and got up with Yvlon and Ksmvr. She walked forwards as Erin called the Players of Celum on stage. It wasn’t exactly what Ceria would have called an enjoyable activity, but she was participating for one important reason. Erin had told her drinks and food would be on the house for anyone who helped her brainstorm the play. From the way Earlia was drinking, she’d been told the same thing.
 
—-
 
“Alright, so why do you hate the play?”
“No Drakes marrying Human fleshbags!”
A cheer went up from the Drakes sitting in the front row. Erin glared and turned to the Players of Celum. Emme, the stage director and only half-Dwarf in the group didn’t rise to the bait.
“We know you don’t like the pairing. But besides that. Is there anything we can do? Can we change the dialogue, maybe?”
“Why doesn’t she marry a Drake instead? Give us a Drake Romeo and a Drake Juliet! We don’t want to see some Human kissing one of ours! Look at him! He’s not even that attractive as a Human!”
“Hey!”
Wesle looked hurt. The Drakes in front laughed. Emme sighed and raised her ink-covered quill.
“Please, please! We’re trying to make an effort to make this play better for everyone to enjoy, but attacking our [Actors] isn’t helping. Romeo and Juliet is about two species coming together. That’s the point of the play.”
“Well, maybe the play stinks. Did you think about that?”
Erin watched Emme’s bushy eyebrows twitch slightly. The half-Dwarf stared at the Drake heckler. Erin prayed she wouldn’t start a fight.
The brainstorming session or rather, negotiations to alter the play weren’t going well. Erin stared around at the [Actors]. The Humans from Celum were not happy after so many days of bad performances. They stood or sat behind Emme, arms folded, glaring daggers at the Drakes who were drunk on cheerful belligerence…or just drunk and belligerent.
“They don’t even seem as angry as they did a while ago. They’re just being annoying right now.”
Erin whispered to Jasi. The Drake grimaced as she cleaned some of the makeup off her scales.
“That’s because we’re humoring them, Erin. But I’ve heard about Drakes and stubbornness. They won’t budge unless we really do change the cast. I could step aside and have a Human play my role, but—”
“That’s not the point!”
