5.34
Page 3
The drunk Drake looked around blankly and then spun as a claw landed on his shoulder. He looked up into Relc’s grinning face. Senior Guardsman Relc loomed over the smaller Drake. One large forearm flexed.
“Are we having a bar fight? Awesome! Go on, throw the first punch. I’ll let you have one. No—two! That way Captain Z can’t say I started it. Too bad there’s only like forty people here. Come on, what are you waiting for?”
He grinned toothily down at the smaller Drake. The drunk, who had sobered remarkably quickly, looked at Relc and then at Klbkch. He sat back down silently. Relc drooped.
“Aw.”
“Don’t be an idiot, Dad.”
Relc turned as Erin saw another Drake approach. Wing Commander Embria glared at her father as her red tail twitched irritably. Relc looked guilty as he edged back. He’d been sitting at a far table with his daughter throughout the play. Erin had left them alone—Embria didn’t seem fond of either Klbkch or her. Now Embria frowned and poked Relc in the chest as he looked around as if seeking an exit.
“You’re a Senior Guardsman. You have a responsibility to keep the peace, not cause trouble. Is this really what you do on your days off? Pick fights in bars?”
“I don’t do it all the time—”
“If you were back in the army you’d be put on latrine duty for a month! Your job is to protect citizens, not waste time and money!”
“Yeah, well, I dug a lot of holes back in the army. Let me have my fun! Don’t you like the play?”
Embria glanced over her shoulder at the stage, where the actors were trying not to glare in their direction.
“It’s fine, I suppose. I can see why it’s unpopular, but I don’t mind.”
“Right, right. It’s fun! We’re having fun. Father and daughter. Let’s sit back down and have food. Calmly.”
“We were doing that until you tried to start a fight.”
“I was just protecting my buddy!”
Embria looked towards Klbkch. Her expression turned icy.
“Senior Guardsman Klbkch can take care of himself. Come on.”
She practically dragged Relc away as he gave Erin and Klbkch an imploring look to save him. Erin just waved. She turned back to Krshia. The Gnoll was licking her plate. She looked up unapologetically as Erin stared.
“I do not believe I have ever seen Relc so inconvenienced, yes? It is quite amusing.”
“His daughter is not fond of me. I am fairly confident of that.”
“Hey, you can hang out with me, Klbkch. I’m glad to see you. We don’t talk enough these days. And Krshia, you should come over more. Mrsha likes you.”
The Gnoll smiled as Klbkch inclined his head.
“It is nice, yes? She is getting bigger. She could stand to run more—she eats well here. But she is healthy. And it seems that Bird is a good companion for her.”
The Antinium had finished his plate and was now throwing the ball for Mrsha to catch. Again, it probably wasn’t appropriate in the middle of a play, but they had space and the [Actors] looked resigned. Erin nodded.
“Bird and Mrsha. I’ve got a lot of kids running about.”
She paused as her mouth caught up with her brain. Kids. She glanced at Bird. He was sort of like that, wasn’t he? She knew he wasn’t like Pawn or the others. He wasn’t slow, but he was…well, she understood why Klbkch had been worried about him when Bird had met the Queen. Not for the first time, Erin wondered if Bird being assigned to guard her inn had been so he could protect her, or if she could take care of him in some way. She glanced sideways at Klbkch.
“Are Pawn and the others doing okay?”
“They are performing to and occasionally above expectations.”
