5.34
Page 14
“No! Get me a male lead for Romeo. You don’t have to act. Anyone?”
“Ooh, me, me!”
Relc scrambled on stage and practically shoved aside everyone. He stood and waved down at Embria, grinning like a kid. Erin sighed.
“Now, a female Juliet. Human. Anyone? Lyonette! Can you stand up there?”
“Me? I’m not an [Actor]!”
“No one’s acting! Just stand up there, please? Across from Relc?”
Lyonette hesitantly climbed onto the stage. The audience of Drakes and Humans stared up. Krshia scarfed down a fried sausage at the back with Mrsha.
“Okay, now how about it? We have Romeo—”
Relc waved, grinning.
“—And Juliet.”
Lyonette hesitantly raised a hand. Erin stared at the Drakes. The male Drakes. They looked around.
“Well…if it’s like that, it doesn’t look so bad, does it?”
“He wants to marry a Human, why not? She’s pretty enough. In a fleshy way.”
“I like it. When is the play going to start?”
“Relc’s far too ugly to be up there. Let me play this Romeo fellow! And give him a proper Drake name! Romeoss, perhaps!”
“No, I’ll play him!”
The Drakes began arguing and Relc started kicking the ones trying to climb onto the stage off. Erin stared at them. She saw Embria cover her eyes and heard Jasi groan. The pieces fell into place. Erin grabbed a mug and hurled it at one of the Drakes.
“That’s sexist!”
Across the inn, Klbkch turned to Krshia. The two had finished six plates of snacks together. The Antinium tilted his head.
“It appears the entire objection was not so much of species inclusion, but of sexual dynamics. Is that your understanding, Miss Krshia?”
The Gnoll shrugged and sniffed the air.
“Mm. It is tied together, yes? One cannot have Humans marching into Liscor and marrying young Drakes. However, it is far more acceptable for an older Drake to marry a Human. Silly thing. It reminds me much of how some Gnoll tribes squabble. Is that a fish pie I smell?”
“Is it? I would enjoy a piece.”
“I too. Ishkr!”
Krshia waved. Ishkr sighed and came over. Krshia and Klbkch watched Erin punch several Drakes as the furor slowly died down. Krshia’s paw stroked Mrsha’s head as the Gnoll curled up on her lap.
“I am relieved that Erin has reached a solution of sorts, regardless of the issue.”
“Hrr. Yes. I was wondering how long it would take her to realize the problem. Now perhaps it is time to bring up the second issue.”
“Second issue?”
“Yes! When will Gnolls have a place on stage? I have many pestering me to introduce them to Erin. Her little theatre must expand, yes?”
Krshia grinned at Klbkch. He nodded thoughtfully.
“I see your point. Indeed, that would probably solve the issue nicely. You should bring the issue up with Miss Erin.”
He and Krshia turned to look back at the stage. Erin was chasing Drakes off with a chair while the Players of Celum sat at their tables and stuffed themselves in irritation. Mrsha’s ears perked up at the crash of Erin hurling pottery at the Drakes running for the door.
“Perhaps tomorrow, hrm?”
“That would be wise.”
 
—-
 
Four hours later, The Wandering Inn was empty. The staff had gone home, the adventurers were asleep upstairs save for the Halfseekers who hadn’t yet returned, and the Players of Celum had left. They would return tomorrow to begin a round of auditions for anyone who wanted to act in Liscor. Erin had high hopes for that, although she was so annoyed at how everything had turned out that it had taken her the last forty minutes of tossing and turning before she could fall asleep.
