5.35 H
Page 20
“To hunt vampires, Wing Commander. If it’s silver you want—I have a silver alloyed blade right here.”
He drew his longsword and placed it on the table.
“Oh, so you’ve got vampires but not werewolves? How does that make sense?”
Perhaps only Pisces paid attention to Erin’s muttering. No—not only him. He noticed Typhenous looking at Erin before he, like everyone else, turned back to Ylawes. The [Knight] was explaining to Embria what the blade meant.
“In centuries—perhaps millennia past, vampires were a common threat. My family, House Byres, made specially crafted arms to deal with them and my family were known enemies of their kind. The last vampires were sighted four hundred years ago, I believe, which has reduced the need for silver arms, but Byres steel always incorporates a bit of silver into the metal in this tradition.”
Embria frowned.
“Huh. So does it work?”
“Sadly, I never had a chance to wound one of the Raskghar. My team elected to protect a large group of civilians during the night and Falene killed or chased away any Raskghar before they could close with us.”
Ylawes looked apologetic. Embria grunted.
“That’s a shame. But—fine. We’ll see if silver hurts these things later. What else?”
The conversation swung back to damage on the city, reports of wounded and missing. Liscor had endured another attack and one of the Drakes on the council, the head of the Merchant’s Guild, was particularly upset.
“Why is Liscor under attack? Why must we endure assault after assault? It’s all because of this dungeon! The dungeon that the Antinium never warned us about!”
He pointed to Klbkch accusatorially, his finger shaking with outrage. Klbkch didn’t react and it was Zevara who came to his defense.
“The Antinium are our allies, Council Member Ulseil. I would ask that you refrain from making any allegations…at this point.”
Ulseil hesitated, but sat as Zevara glared at him. She was in charge in a definite way, Pisces noted. That was in keeping with Drake tradition—a Watch Captain was second to only a [General] when it came to the defense of their home city.
“Revalantor Klbkch. Do you have any information to add about the Raskghar threat?”
Ilvriss looked like he was chewing sour toads as he addressed the Antinium. Klbkch stood up and spoke in a calm, carrying voice.
“I regret the attack on Liscor as much as any other citizen. In my capacity as Senior Guardsman Klbkch and as Revalantor of the Free Antinium Hive, I am authorized to share all the information my Hive has on the Raskghar. Unfortunately, that is very little. The Antinium Hive has regularly fought off monster waves, but all the Raskghar encountered inevitably attack in small groups with other monster species. It is an unusual phenomenon that has sometimes seen Raskghar fighting side-by-side with Crypt Lords and other species that would not normally ally under any circumstances—only to tear each other apart at a later date.”
“A function of the dungeon, perhaps?”
The Drakes looked to the Gold-rank adventurers who shrugged noncommittally. Klbkch went on.
“As for a coordinated attack…the Hive was not assaulted in any capacity during the night. The Raskghar seem to avoid the Hive. I believe that this may be due to their understanding of the dangers of the Hive, or the fact that no Gnolls live within the Hive.”
A brief silence fell as Klbkch found his seat. One of the other Council members, a Drake with light pinkish scales, complained softly.
“Why Gnolls? It isn’t as if we have enough problems. Now we have to look for—”
