5.35 H
Page 22
Pisces paused, caught off-guard by the unfamiliar term. Selys looked up sharply and all the Gold-rank adventures looked up. Tekshia nodded, but the other Drakes looked blank. Zevara frowned.
“I’m not familiar with that term. Would someone explain what a cooperation bounty is?”
“I shall explain.”
Olesm cleared his throat nervously.
“A cooperation bounty is a practice put in place by cities in need of continual aid against some form of threat, usually monsters. With it, any team who satisfies the requirements will earn a weekly fee for fighting against monsters and safeguarding the city. They must remain active, but this allows a city to attract adventuring teams en-masse. It’s uh, rather expensive.”
“We don’t have the coin for that!”
One of the Drakes on the Council protested. Wall Lord Ilvriss cleared his throat and spoke.
“Given the strategic nature of Liscor, I believe that the Walled Cities will offer monetary assistance. I speak for Salazsar at the very least, and so I am immediately allocating a discretionary budget of forty thousand gold pieces to hire any adventurers needed to take on Liscor’s dungeon. To begin with.”
Ilvriss stared around the room at the shocked faces. He adjusted one of the jeweled rings on his claws and went on.
“Salazsar is the richest of the Walled Cities. We will provide whatever funds are necessary to hire more adventurers, as will the other Walled Cities and lesser cites. If need be, I will pay the entire cost myself. It will not come to that, however. Drakes support Drakes. Now, to the matter of finding Liscor’s kidnapped citizens.”
He turned coolly to the Gold-rank adventurers as Pisces caught Ceria’s eye and saw her mouthing the word ‘forty thousand’ at him. He nodded, wondering how much the rumors of the Antinium’s designs on the dungeon had played into Ilvriss’ sudden generosity. He watched as the Wall Lord fixed Jelaqua, Halrac, and Ylawes with a cold stare.
“Your teams will enter the dungeon through the underwater rift and pursue the Raskghar. Find their nest. Recover the citizens of Liscor.”
“We don’t take orders.”
Halrac met Ilvriss’ eyes. The Wall Lord glared.
“There are lives at stake.”
The [Veteran Scout] didn’t blink.
“All the more reason to let us do our work. Our way.”
“And is speed a factor in your work?”
Ilvriss didn’t wait for a reply. He looked at Ylawes and Jelaqua.
“I will not sit by while the citizens of a Drake city perish. If duty will not obligate you, gold shall. In addition to the cooperation fees proposed, I am personally putting up a bounty. One thousand gold pieces for each citizen of Liscor you bring back alive.”
It might have been Ilvriss’ Skill to turn the room full of living people into statues. Pisces’ eyebrows were raised so high he felt as though they might disappear. Erin whistled softly, which in the quiet room was the only sound.
“That’s a big number.”
Ilvriss turned his head and stared impassively at Erin.
“To some.”
Then he looked back at the adventurers.
“You are Gold-rank adventurers. Humans or not. Other species or not. Your duty is to protect and I will demand that you enter the dungeon and attempt to save the lives of those missing, or I will petition the Adventurer’s Guild to remove your Gold-rank status.”
They met his gaze silently. The Wall Lord looked from face to face and then focused on Jelaqua.
“You bear the Heartflame Breastplate. Cowardice will not be tolerated.”
Cool as a winter breeze, Ilvriss turned. He looked over at the Goblins, forgotten in a corner of the room until now.
“Now, onto the last issue before us. Bring forward the Goblin.”
