5.35 H
Page 21
Someone shushed her. In the silence, Ilvriss looked around wearily. He focused on an elderly Drake sitting near the back of the crowd.
“Guildmistress Tekshia? Do you have anything to add?”
The elderly Drake looked up. Her voice crackled as she sat up in her chair. She was eating from a plate of cookies Erin had taken out. Pisces had not seen anyone else eating one. Not even Mrsha.
“I hear a lot of whining. What do you want me to say? The Raskghar are dangerous? Bah. Stop complaining you thin-scaled cowards. You’ve weathered two—three attacks and you’re upset? You lack perspective.”
Her gaze went around the room. She pushed her plate back, noticed the white furry head appear over the side of the table and smacked Mrsha’s paw away and yanked her plate back. Tekshia covered it protectively with one claw as she spoke.
“Someone explain it to them. One of you Gold-ranks. I call on the most senior adventurer in this room besides myself.”
“Ah. Well then—”
Falene rose gracefully to her feet, smiling as everyone looked at her. She opened her mouth and Tekshia threw a cookie at her.
“Not you, half-Elf. I said senior adventurer, not oldest. Which one of you is it?”
Every eye swung to Halrac. He grunted.
“Not me.”
He looked to his left. Typhenous stroked his beard and smiled, but shook his head.
“I haven’t adventured as long as the esteemed Miss Ivirith.”
He nodded and every eye focused on the Selphid. Jelaqua stood up slowly. She grinned, the pale, dead Drake’s face she wore stretching into a toothy grin as her tail twitched a bit in embarrassment.
“Guess that’s true. Hi. Most senior adventurer here.”
“You? But how old is—”
Erin looked between Typhenous and Jelaqua. The Selphid grimaced.
“I’m fifty one years old. I’ve been adventuring for about thirty three years, which beats Typhenous.”
“By six years. I retired and came back to adventuring twice. And while I may claim to be older than Miss Ivirith, I am afraid that she has more experience than I.”
Typhenous stroked his white beard and smiled. Jelaqua sighed. She looked at Tekshia.
“You want me to say it?”
The old Drake nodded. Jelaqua scratched the spines on the back of her head.
“Alright. Fine. Most Gold-rank adventurers have to say stuff like this. What Guildmistress Tekshia wants me to say, I guess, is that…well, this is normal.”
Everyone looked at the Selphid. Jelaqua raised her hands awkwardly.
“You think this is unique to your city? You think other cities don’t have this problem? You have a Gold-rank dungeon sitting right next to your city. Under it. I’ve seen cities in Baleros fall to a Silver-rank dungeon located ten miles away! Dungeons are bad news. Getting hit over and over is—well, it’s what happens. This is like a siege. A siege from the dungeon. Cities often mobilize their armies to defend themselves. A bad dungeon isn’t just as bad as an enemy army. Sometimes it has multiple armies waiting to come out. So yeah. This is normal. Sorry.”
Jelaqua sat back down. The citizens of Liscor stared at her in horror. It was Ilvriss who broke the silence.
“It seems we have underestimated the nature of the threat once more. We assumed that the water would hold most of the monsters at bay and entrusted the effort of subjugating the dungeon to the Gold-rank adventurers. And while it is true that they have made progress, such as identifying and neutralizing the Shield Spider nest, this latest threat goes beyond any one team. To that end, I am requesting formal permission from Liscor’s Council to instate cooperation bounties on Liscor’s dungeon.”
