5.35 H
Page 23
The Redfang Warriors dragged forwards the Cave Goblin’s chair, waking the little creature up. She’d actually fallen asleep. When she saw Ilvriss staring at her she nearly wet herself again.
“Have it tell us all the information it has on the dungeon and the Raskghar.”
Ilvriss ordered Numbtongue. The Goblin looked irritable, but relayed the questions to the Cave Goblin. The little Goblin didn’t need any persuasion. She began to gabble and Numbtongue listened.
“Well, what’s it saying?”
Impatiently, Ilvriss looked at the Hob. Numbtongue grumbled. All the other Redfang Warriors looked at him. Headscratcher poked Numbtongue and the Goblin growled irritably. At last, pressured by dozens of stares, he spoke.
“She says the Raskghar control her tribe. She is Cave Goblin. She says the Goblins serve the Raskghar. They were ordered to attack—big stone city in middle of water. Liscor. And the inn.”
Everyone stared. Numbtongue’s words were surprisingly normal. Shockingly normal. He was more fluent than any Goblin that Pisces had ever met. Numbtongue glared around and folded his arms. He continued.
“She says Raskghar are very…very…”
He searched for the word. Erin frowned.
“Hungry?”
Olesm scratched his neck.
“Angry?”
“Afraid?”
Numbtongue smirked at Embria. He shook his head and gave up.
“Very wanting. They want. They come up here for what they want. Other furry not-Raskghar.”
“Gnolls.”
Krshia growled. The other Gnolls rumbled and the Cave Goblin shrank. Ilvriss held up a claw.
“They will not have them. Goblin.”
“Numbtongue.”
“Goblin. Where are the Raskghar located? How many of them live within the dungeon? What threats are there to be concerned of?”
Numbtongue looked away and refused to speak. Ilvriss stared at him. Erin coughed.
“Say his name.”
“What?”
“Say his name.”
Ilvriss looked like he was about ready to stab Numbtongue to death. He ground his teeth as the Drakes muttered but eventually he spoke two grating words.
“Numb. Tongue.”
Instantly, the Hob turned to the Cave Goblin and issued a series of questions. Ilvriss sat, smoldering, as the Cave Goblin gabbled back. This time Numbtongue didn’t look so at ease. He looked around and shook his head.
“Well?”
“Raskghar have a lair deep within dungeon. She knows where, but there are many twists. Turns. And the lair is not always in the same place. The Raskghar are…ever moving. They change rooms.”
“Nomadic?”
Numbtongue nodded in relief.
“Nomadic. They have many spots. And they spread out. To avoid…bad things finding them.”
“Bad things? Like what?”
The adventurers all wanted to know. Numbtongue shook his head, troubled.
“Very bad things. Army of walking metal things. Big red worms that steal flesh. Headsnatcher. Invisible monsters.”
“Invisible monsters?”
Someone swore. Numbtongue nodded. He turned back to the Cave Goblin and asked one more question.
“There are…many Raskghar. Many.”
“How many is many?”
Numbtongue shrugged. He asked the Cave Goblin another question, but she clearly couldn’t answer. Numbtongue scratched his head and pointed around the giant common room. The Cave Goblin peered around and Numbtongue lifted her chair up with Shorthilt. She craned her neck and then gabbled a reply. Numbtongue’s eyes widened and he repeated the word. She nodded and he put her down. He didn’t want to speak after that.
“Well? How many?”
Ilvriss stared at Numbtongue. The Hob looked around. He looked at the ceiling, the floor, at his fellow Goblins, and then at his audience.
“She says that if this big room is a sleeping hall, then the main Raskghar camp would be six times this large.”
