5.35 H
Page 2
The Gnoll came over and Ceria heard a buzzing sound in her right ear. Reflexively she ducked and Yvlon leaned back as Apista flew past them like a bee straight out of hell. The Ashfire Bee’s stinger was bloody. She circled once, and then flew away from Ksmvr who was looking hungrily at her. Mrsha sat by the Horns and Apista landed on her head. The Gnoll looked at the adventurers. She wasn’t petrified with fear, but she looked nervous. Ceria tried to smile reassuringly.
“Don’t worry, the bad monsters are gone, Mrsha. If they come back, we’ll chase them away.”
The Gnoll nodded dutifully in a way that said that she didn’t believe Ceria one bit. She had something in her paw. Pisces’ wand. She waved it in the air.
“You’re going to protect us? That’s very brave. But maybe leave the fighting to us, okay? That is a nice wand. Better you have it than Pisces.”
“A hurtful sentiment.”
Yvlon sighed.
“You should take it back. You’d be a better [Mage] with it.”
Pisces shrugged.
“I am used to unarmed spellcasting. Besides which, it is harder to aim a wand in combat. Especially when one attempts to fence with the other hand.”
“Really?”
“Oh, indeed. Why do you think Springwalker shoots [Ice Spikes] with her skeletal hand even though she has a wand?”
“Huh. I never knew that.”
“I never knew that. My master taught me to cast magic with my hands. I thought she was just being strict about it.”
“Fingers are flexible. Wands are not. One can reliably aim spells from the tips of one’s fingers in much more rapid fashion than you would by maneuvering a wand into position each time.”
“So says the self-proclaimed dueling expert of Wistram.”
“If you have any objections or addendums to my theory, Springwalker…”
Ceria did not. The Horns sat in silence for a while. Mrsha edged up to Ceria and the half-Elf began to scratch her head behind the ears. Apista crawled onto Ceria’s arm and was flung off with a shout of panic. After a while, Pisces spoke.
“That was a magical cloak I saw one of the Hobs using, was it not? A cloak made entirely of water? Only, it now appears to be made of blood. Did anyone else notice that during the battle?”
The Horns looked over. Rabbiteater raised his head and the blood cloak swirled around his shoulders. Ceria stared at it.
“Huh. It is a magic cloak. From the dungeon?”
“How the hell did the Goblins figure out how it worked?”
“They put it on, duh.”
“Would that not be dangerous? Comrade Pisces assured me that would be dangerous.”
“Oh, highly. They might have discovered the nature of the cloak…or unleashed a possibly dangerous curse spell or other effect. We are fortunate that the inn was not swallowed by a void spell and dragged into a dark netherworld hell, in which we would be tortured endlessly until our demise.”
“Is that so? I will consider myself fortunate, then.”
The Hobs nodded. They seemed to be listening in. Ceria eyed them and then looked at Pisces.
“But we’re not dead. And the cloak’s magical. It’s…some kind of liquid cloak? That changes depending on what it touches?”
“Apparently.”
She stared at him. Yvlon and Ksmvr looked at Pisces too. He raised his head, still looking pale from mana exhaustion.
“What?”
Ceria coughed.
“Don’t you have a big theory on what it does? Some kind of annoying lecture for us?”
“No. Would you like me to come up with one?”
Everyone nodded. Mrsha scooted closer to Pisces, staring at the cloak with fascination. The blood was rippling every time Rabbiteater moved, as if it were actual cloth. Pisces stared at it for a moment.
