5.35 H
Page 12
“If you would like me to, I could research a way to strengthen the metal in your arms as well. Not with [Necromancy]—a basic [Hardening] spell or some kind of reinforcement magic would allow you to fight quite normally. I am sure one of my spellbooks has the necessary spell listed in it. I hadn’t even thought of it, but the metal in your arms is a foreign object! If we did that, there might be no need for my using bone at all.”
Yvlon thought about that.
“Why the hell didn’t you think of any of this earlier?”
Pisces looked insulted.
“Who thinks of enchanting the metal in one’s arms? Frankly, your idea was so unorthodox that even I, a [Necromancer] trained in Wistram—”
He grinned as Yvlon chuckled.
“—Wouldn’t have considered it! But if you are willing to take a calculated risk, then I will adjust my studying.”
The Human woman thought about this. She felt her arms. Strong. Then she nodded.
“Do it. We’ll keep it between us for now.”
“Indeed. I understand this is, well, it would be a problem if anyone were to learn of it.”
“For them. Yeah. But I think I know how I feel. Pisces.”
Yvlon held out a hand. Pisces looked at it. Slowly, he extended his arm and shook her hand. Yvlon smiled. Pisces smiled too then yelped.
“My hand! My hand!”
He wrestled his hand free before Yvlon could crush his fingers. She laughed. She’d forgotten how good it felt to have an arm again! She swung her arm up and Ceria looked over.
“Oh! Did Pisces fix your arm, Yvlon? Careful.”
“I’m fine, Ceria. Pisces did an excellent job. How’s it going in Liscor?”
“Good! The fighting’s over. The City Watch is combing the streets, but it looks like they fought off the Raskghar fairly quickly. But there are dead. And missing.”
“Missing?”
Both adventurers came over. Pisces massaged his hand as he stared at Ceria. The half-Elf nodded, her expression serious.
“Gnolls. All the Drakes that the Raskghar attacked were killed, but no one’s found the Gnoll bodies. They think they’ve been carried into the dungeon, but as for why…? That Venim guy from Pallass is talking with the others. Doubt we’ll hear any of it for a while.”
“In that case, I shall devote myself to clearing up my ah, tools. Such as they are.”
Pisces gestured to the pile of bear bones. Ceria glanced over and Yvlon held her breath, but neither she nor Ksmvr saw that the bone pile had been somewhat reduced.
“You do that. Hell, there’s blood to clean up too. Dead bodies—we should probably help with that.”
She stared at the pile of Raskghar and Goblins. Yvlon grimaced.
“Toss them into the water and let the fishes eat them?”
“Works for me. Hey Pisces, can you make an undead to do the lifting?”
“I could, but I have about one bear’s worth of bones left intact.”
Pisces grumbled as he inspected the yellowed pile of bones. Ksmvr sat up, looking concerned.
“Only one? But then our three-fold offensive line of bears is no longer a workable strategy. Captain Ceria, this may affect all our tactics moving forwards! May I request an immediate hunt to slaughter as many bears as possible?”
“Uh—you can request that, Ksmvr. But finding bears is not high on our list of things to do. Pisces will just have to make do for now. If we find other animal bones he can use those. But you know what the Adventurer’s Guild says. No using people.”
Yvlon nodded. She could agree with that restriction entirely. But as she looked at Pisces, she once again had a crazy thought. She coughed.
“Pisces.”
He looked up.
“Yes?”
“Do you remember what Selys told you? There was a list of bones you couldn’t use, remember? All kinds of species?”
Pisces grimaced.
