5.35 H
Page 11
Pisces glanced up. He smiled briefly. He was trying to be chatty, reassure Yvlon.
“Oh no. You know my story of course. The…mistakes I made with Ceria.”
Yvlon’s mind flashed back to the long cart ride from Celum to Liscor, when Ceria had told the story. Back then Pisces hadn’t said much, only interject a few comments now and then. She remembered his expression.
“Yeah. You never really told us your side of things. Did anything Ceria say…did you disagree with any of it?”
Pisces looked back down at Yvlon’s arm.
“Nothing worth noting. She was largely correct. I kept my necromancy hidden as long as possible during my time at Wistram. And of course, I had no instruction while I was there. What I know now is mostly a product of trial and error. Of course, I did learn more after I left the academy. I had…encounters…with others who shared the same interests I did.”
“Really? You met other people like you? In Izril?”
“Oh yes. In my travels after leaving the academy, I made it a point to seek out other [Necromancers] and covens of like-minded individuals. Izril is not fond of those who raise the undead, but death magic can be found in every continent. Even Terandria, although it is outlawed there. But if one knows where to look…”
Pisces trailed off. Yvlon nodded. She had heard of incidents involving petty [Necromancers] over the years. It was one of the classic adventurer quests, in fact. Go track down the source of the undead and slay whomever was responsible.
“So? Was it good meeting them?”
The young man shook his head, his lips twisting into a sneer of contempt.
“Hardly. I erroneously believed that I would find kindred spirits among such people. Alas, such encounters were ultimately dissatisfactory. Most of those who practice death magic lack the…standards I hold myself to. Low and twisted though they may be.”
He glanced up with a half-smile. Yvlon couldn’t help but smile in reply.
“Self-deprecation isn’t your strong suit, Pisces. So these other [Necromancers] didn’t impress you?”
“Let us simply say that they lacked finesse in any sense of the word. I joined a local group a year before I came to Liscor—The Krythien Sect, I believe. They might still be operating. A pity. They were nothing more than amateurs. No knowledge of anatomy or spellcraft between all of them put together. They only understood how to animate a body, not how it worked. None of them would be able to do what I am doing now. Speaking of which—”
Yvlon raised her arm. Pisces grabbed it.
“Hold on! I haven’t closed the wound!”
She stared at her arm. It looked like someone had taken a sharp knife and sliced her flesh to ribbons. Pisces poured the healing potion over her arm and she felt the flesh close. She flexed her arm. Swung it.
“How does it feel?”
Pisces watched her anxiously. Yvlon banged her forearm on the side of the table, pushed at it with her other hand. Then she smiled.
“It feels solid.”
She smiled at Pisces and he leaned back in relief. The two sat there for a second, Pisces wiping away sweat from his eyes. Two healing potions lay on the table, both completely empty. Pisces had downed a mana potion and he looked worn out. But it was done.
“Thank you, Pisces.”
“Thank me after you hit something. This is all a trial. If there are any complications, I will fix them. In fact, this is just the start.”
Yvlon paused as she put her armor back over her arms.
“Oh? What did you have in mind?”
Pisces leaned forwards conspiratorially.
