5.35 H
Page 9
“They’re all smashed up now, though. Are the bone shards unusable?”
Pisces shrugged.
“Not if I mend the bones together. True, the problem with dead bone is that it grows weaker with every fracture, but I will incorporate the bone into a new structure. A reinforced cladding perhaps.”
“Reinforce. Like…put a layer of bone armor over an undead bear?”
The young [Necromancer]’s eyes lit up.
“Well, that is an idea. Of course, the undead bear skeletons are useful on their own—as a hasty creation they are my preferred choice—but I wouldn’t normally attempt to reinforce them as they are. Bears are not the most powerful combatants and they are somewhat unwieldy. Flesh and blood bears trade on their crushing weight, and a skeleton is far lighter. However, if I added armor, it might be an interesting project—”
“You really like the undead, don’t you?”
Pisces broke off. He paused.
“Is it that disagreeable?”
Yvlon shook her head. She looked up and sighed. Her heart was beating too fast for some reason.
“No, Pisces. It’s not. I guess—it’s not. Really. I don’t like undead, but I’ve gotten used to them. So you can reshape bone, huh?”
“Dead bone? Bone not controlled by another [Necromancer] or one that is part of an existing magical being? With ease.”
“And you know about anatomy.”
“One must, to create or alter undead. I am an expert in the skeletal form. I know something of flesh too, but zombies are ah, not my forte. They rot and smell, and are generally too slow. Which is inconvenient.”
“Got it. So…tell me something. If you were going to harden a…bear’s leg. So Dawil couldn’t break it in half with his hammer, say. How would you do that?”
Pisces frowned, his brow furrowing as he considered her challenge.
“There are many ways. Armor, as you mentioned, might work. It is possible to fabricate bone armor—but Dawil is a strong combatant. Rather than trust to an exterior defence, I would harden the bone. Thicken it.”
“What if you couldn’t do that? Is there another way to reinforce the bone without…solidifying it?”
“Well of course. I could create a frame around the arm—add in supports. There is a point at which [Necromancy] becomes architecture, you see. It is entirely possible to create a—a network of bone, almost like a spider web. That kind of support becomes far stronger because it distributes weight. If I must protect a lynchpin in the structure, I can adjust the bones around it to reduce the force that is applied to the bone in question.”
“Good. Do that to my arm.”
Yvlon thrust her bare arm in Pisces face. He recoiled. Then he stared at her. Pisces’ mouth opened in complete and utter surprise.
“Are you serious?”
“Yes.”
The Human woman breathed in heavily, and then out. She was shivering inside, but her voice was steady.
“It’s obvious. I didn’t think of it before because I would have rather died than have you—have anything undead in my body. But it’s just bone, right? I’m sure you can make a bracer—put something around my arm, in my arm—make it so it won’t break in a fight. You can do that, can’t you?”
Pisces sat back. His face was pale. Yvlon was reassured to see that her idea had shocked even him.
“Miss Byres, that is not something I ever considered doing. I understand you’re upset, but I cannot guarantee anything. No—doing something like that would be criminal on my part. If Ceria—”
Yvlon gritted her teeth.
“I’m not asking her. I’m asking you. Can you do it?”
Pisces’ gaze flickered to Yvlon. He hesitated.
“Perhaps. But I will not do it.”
