5.35 H
Page 17
The [Necromancer] waited for his heart to stop pounding before he lowered the tablecloth and turned without another word. He looked into a pair of yellow, reptilian eyes. Selys paused with a fish flake in one claw.
“Oh, it’s you. You’re alive?”
Pisces paused and straightened his robes.
“Ah, Miss Selys. It is good to see you well. You are unharmed, I trust?”
She nodded and glanced at the tablecloth.
“I survived. Hid in my apartment until I heard the all-clear. Been working at the Adventurer’s Guild sorting things out until Olesm called for grandmother to come here. She pulled me over too.”
She gestured at the hiding Mrsha and Bird as they peeked out and grabbed more food before hiding once more.
“You saw them too? Nearly scared the scales off my tail when I saw Bird down there.”
“There is something about seeing a crouching Antinium hiding in the darkness that wakes one up. I take it you are participating in this meeting as well?”
Selys lifted up the roll of parchment and quill in her other hand and grimaced as she chewed on the fish flake.
“I get to write everything down. My grandmother has me doing it.”
“Ah. Guildmistress Tekshia Shivertail.”
Pisces glanced across the room at the elderly Drake who was giving him the evil eye. Tekshia looked away and Selys sighed.
“She hates your guts.”
“I had noticed. Well, I am quite interested in what we shall learn from this…interrogation.”
Pisces nodded to the Cave Goblin tied up in the center of the room. Olesm was standing next to the Redfang Goblins, nervously calibrating a truth detection stone while the Hobs spoke to the little Goblin. The rest of the room was abuzz with idle conversation as Selys and Pisces made their way forwards. Everyone was waiting to find out what the Goblin knew, but that relied on the Redfang Goblins finding out first. And they seemed to be having trouble. Pisces inferred this detail from the way an impatient Badarrow and Shorthilt lifted the Goblin and chair up and began shaking it violently upside down as it screamed and thrashed and then, threw up.
“Aw, come on guys! Don’t be mean! Just ask it what it knows!”
Erin made the Redfang Goblins stop and put the dizzy Cave Goblin right-side up. Numbtongue, the translator, growled and shook his head.
“It not saying. It is not talking. To us.”
“Well, can you make it talk? I mean, her?”
Pisces blinked at the little Goblin. Was it a she? He could barely tell, but yes, the Goblin did have a modest breast band to go with the filthy loincloth it was wearing. Numbtongue shrugged.
“We can make her talk. With more shaking.”
“Oh come on. What if we tried being nice?”
The Redfang Goblins looked at each other and then laughed. Erin sighed and Pisces smirked. Selys elbowed him.
“Stop laughing. Erin’s too nice for this.”
Pisces rubbed his side.
“That is precisely why I am so amused. It is because of her kindness that we are in this position. No one else would have spared the Goblin. Possibly not even her own kind. And yet, that kindness goes at odds against the Goblin’s own culture.”
“Yeah? Looks like they’re just bullying the little Goblin.”
Selys eyed the Hobs as Headscratcher made a fist and waved it under the Cave Goblin’s nose. It shrieked and Pisces sighed.
“You think so? Goblins normally do not have to threaten each other to get their way. They are a hierarchical species and rarely bully each other. This is an exception—the Cave Goblin is refusing to answer their questions. She is insulting the Hobs by denying that they are, in fact, Goblins.”
Selys looked at Pisces in surprise. Her eyes narrowed suspiciously.
