5.35 H
Page 1
In the silence, the Horns of Hammerad watched Erin at work. She had no compunctions about literally dumping half a healing potion onto Rabbiteater’s wounds before making the Goblin drink the rest. Pisces sat up, pale-faced, and Ceria almost relented and told him to take a mana potion. But those were expensive and if they weren’t fighting, it did make sense for him to hold back. Pisces seemed to think so, because he didn’t keep complaining. Instead he looked at the dead bodies and sniffed.
“So. Those were Raskghar. I quite object to their characterization by Gemhammer and The Pride of Kelia. Those were not moderate threats.”
“No kidding.”
Ceria stared at the Raskghar. She glanced at the three the Redfangs had killed.
“How many did Gemhammer say they got?”
“Two dozen?”
“Tree shit they did. Six of them nearly took out our team and three Hobs. We outnumbered them and they nearly tore us to ribbons!”
“In point of fact, they outnumbered us if you count the little Goblins.”
“They don’t count, Ksmvr.”
“Ah.”
“Didn’t I hear that the Raskghar get stronger at weird times? Like during the full moon?”
All the Horns of Hammerad looked towards the windows. Ceria craned her head, peering through the rain splattering against the glass.
“It’s a cloudy night. Who the heck could tell if one of the moons is full or not?”
Pisces wiped his sweaty forehead on his pristine white robes.
“I would surmise that at least one moon is full. Possibly both, although that is a rare occasion. Perhaps the effect of these full moons would be amplified or doubled on such a day?”
“Don’t even joke about that, Pisces.”
“Who said I was?”
The Horns sat, contemplating that thought. It wasn’t nurturing by any means. They were too tired to move—they watched Erin tend to the Redfang Warriors with Lyonette, then rush upstairs. After a moment, one of the healed Redfang Warriors sat up. Headscratcher looked muzzy. He might have had a concussion, but he still wobbled upright and lurched past the Horns. They stared at him as he and the other two Goblins practically dragged themselves to the door.
“What’re they doing?”
“I think they’re…guarding?”
The Redfang Hobs stationed themselves at the door. Headscratcher pointed, and Rabbiteater and Numbtongue heaved a table in front of it. The Horns stared at them and then looked at each other.
“Damnit.”
“We should do that.”
No one wanted to move, but suddenly the aftermath of battle felt a lot less safe. Ceria cursed inwardly at her own stupidity as she forced herself to her feet. The Raskghar could come back! With reinforcements! Was she a Bronze-rank adventurer or a veteran? The Goblins had clearly remembered. The Horns lurched over.
“We can guard too. We’ll take that side.”
Ceria pointed and the Hobs nodded. The adventurers and Goblins went to the glass windows. Ceria wanted to stand, but in the end she found a chair and sat so she could stare out a window with the others. They heard Erin banging around upstairs before she shouted down.
“Bird’s okay! So are Badarrow and Shorthilt! Lyonette, can you get me more arrows from Bird’s room? Then open the door to Octavia’s shop! Grab more potions and some of those exploding bottles if she has any!”
“Got it!”
The Horns listened to Lyonette hurry up the stairs. Yvlon, sitting and rubbing her face with her right hand, looked around.
“Where’s Mrsha…?”
“Over there.”
Mrsha was sitting on a table, sniffing the Raskghar with wide eyes. Ceria whistled and the Gnoll’s head turned.
“Come over here, Mrsha. Don’t get near the dead bodies.”
