5.36
Page 26
“He never was good at it.”
“He took offense when we told him to dirty his armor. Dead gods. Only the Dwarf seemed to have a head on his shoulders and he kept trying to make Halrac laugh at his jokes.”
“Not a good team for dungeons.”
Halrac grunted. He stared at Ksmvr, who had a shortbow out. The Antinium nodded a few times. Then he looked at Halrac.
“Please tell me, Captain Halrac. Why do you think we have not found any monsters yet? Or Raskghar?”
The [Scout] considered the question.
“They probably pulled back. Monsters and Raskghar. It means this dungeon’s sentient. Or there’s a controlling force.”
“You think so?”
The Horns looked at Halrac, concerned. Revi nodded.
“The Silver-rank teams were attacked within seconds of entering the dungeon. There’s no way those furry things wouldn’t have spotted us coming down. And it doesn’t take an idiot to run from a hundred adventurers. The real mystery is why the regular monsters are gone too. That’s…not normal. We’ll see if the other teams had the same experience, but I don’t like it. Especially since we covered a good amount of distance. How big is this dungeon anyways?”
No one had an answer. And as the two teams met other adventurers they found that the actual number of encounters with monsters had been strangely low. Halrac grunted as he conferred with Nailren.
“So you have not seen any track of the Raskghar either, Captain Halrac? Nothing specific that might lead us to their den?”
“Nothing. There are crisscrossing fur trails all over the dungeon, but I can’t tell the difference between Raskghar fur and Gnoll fur. What about your team?”
Nailren growled and the Gnolls behind him shifted. Their ears were lowered and they looked slightly ashamed.
“We cannot smell our people. The Raskghar have…marked all the tunnels. The smell is overpowering. Too, they have rubbed blood on the walls to hide where they have gone. Gnoll blood. We followed one trail but we were wary of traps. And when we went too far…”
He hesitated.
“We sensed eyes on us and retreated. It is not brave, but we have marked the tunnel. We will go back next time, yes?”
“Nothing wrong in doing that. Can you mark the route you took? We’ll add it to the map of the other adventurer’s routes.”
Griffon Hunt studied the map they’d made afterwards. Ceria looked anxiously at the lines showing a dizzying labyrinth spreading out from the entrance via the rift. If all the other teams had gone their own route, they’d have a more complete picture. But from the looks of things, they were only covering a fraction of the dungeon so far.
“Are you sure we shouldn’t investigate the spot that Kelia’s Pride found now, Halrac?”
The [Scout] shook his head.
“Not enough time. We’re already in the evening and we agreed to meet in half an hour.”
“But the missing Gnolls—”
Revi interrupted.
“Amateurs. We don’t rush. If the Raskghar are setting up ambushes and hiding, we move slow. Carefully. Creating a proper map of every trap and tunnel in the immediate area is the first thing we should do. This first raid means we’ve found a bunch of traps and know where to go. We’ll try again tomorrow. But we can’t run about and risk getting stuck in the dungeon by nightfall.”
Ceria knew that was true. But her conscience plucked at her.
“What about the Gnolls, though?”
“They’re already dead.”
Halrac’s flat voice made her stop. Revi shrugged apologetically.
