5.36
Page 27
“He doesn’t mean that. It’s more like that’s what we’re assuming. Look, Ceria. We can’t afford to be reckless. Not our team. I know the other Gold-rank teams would do it. The Halfseekers have a soft spot for those in need. The Silver Swords are…”
“Idiots.”
Halrac frowned. Revi sighed.
“See? I’m not always the rude one. We’ve got to go back.”
Ceria knew that was true. Reluctantly she followed Griffon Hunt back. As usual, Halrac led the way. But since they were in familiar territory he let the group follow closer on his heels. And for the first time she noticed him doing something to the wall at each intersection he passed.
“What’s Halrac writing?”
“Adventurer sign. Marks that we explored this place already. And the way the exit is. For your Minotaur friend, if we find him.”
“For Calruz?”
Ceria was astonished. Revi raised an eyebrow.
“Of course. It’s not much, but if he’s any sense he’ll notice the markings. Minotaurs are great with mazes, right?”
“Um. That’s a stereotype. But he does know his away around trail signs. You think he’ll spot them?”
“It’s better than nothing. What would you do?”
The half-Elf hesitated. Revi narrowed her eyes.
“What was your plan, exactly? Wander about shouting his name?”
“It was a little more intricate than that…”
The Stitch-Girl rolled her eyes.
“I’m sure.”
She stopped at the intersection as Halrac moved on and pointed. Ceria stared at the faint lines on the wall. Halrac had written in a glowing white paint that was probably hard to remove. The Stich-Girl nodded to it.
“Here. We’ve been leaving these at every intersection. Your friend might see them, might not. But he’ll trust it more if you leave him something he can identify. Tomorrow you can do it at each corridor you pass down. But for now…do you have a symbol, or some code he’ll recognize?”
Ceria thought for a long while. At last, she took a small vial that Revi offered her and dipped her finger into the glowing liquid. She scrawled something on the wall. Revi blinked.
“That’s your secret message?”
The half-Elf blushed.
“It’s all I could think of, okay? We don’t have a sign…but he’d see this and know it was me. Definitely.”
For the first time, Revi chortled. She waved at Typhenous and Halrac.
“Hey, look at this.”
The other two came over and Pisces, Yvlon, and Ksmvr crowded around to see. Typhenous chuckled and Halrac actually smiled for a brief second before scowling. Pisces sniggered and Yvlon laughed. Predictably, Ksmvr didn’t get the joke.
And then they were done. Griffon Hunt reached the entrance to the dungeon and stared up at the teams going up through the water. Bevussa and the Wings of Pallass were overseeing the leaving adventurers as the rear-guard. Halrac and Ceria went to hear what the Garuda was talking about.
“Looks like almost everyone got back. How many teams are still unaccounted for?”
“Four.”
“And the casualties?”
“Three.”
“Three?”
“One stepped on a trap, and two more got killed by an ambush from the dungeon. Silver-ranks. Both from Gekla Raiders. Poor bastards ran into a group of Crypt Lords leading undead and called the alarm too late.”
“Damn. What happened to the team going in front of them?”
