5.36
Page 8
Both Erin and Lyonette looked up. Klbkch had walked over. He had stayed in the inn, mainly to explain to Bird exactly what a Garuda was and why he was not allowed to talk about shooting Bevussa or any of the Drakes with wings. Klbkch listened to the rest of Erin’s ideas and nodded when she finished.
“All of these additions seem like practical, simple measures that may save your life. I could send a Worker to make the improvements today if you wish.”
Erin waved a hand dismissively.
“What, barricading windows and making a door bar? I could figure out how to do that myself with [Advanced Crafting]. Just give me a few bits of wood and uh, maybe Rabbiteater can carve it a bit? I don’t like splinters. Okay, and maybe I could use some things from Krshia. Lyonette, can you see if she sells…door bar handles? And get me some screws? You do know what screws are, right?”
After Lyonette had gone, Erin turned to Klbkch. The Antinium was looking about the inn.
“Hey Klbkch. Are you okay?”
He turned and nodded precisely at her.
“I am well, Erin. Last night’s fighting did not extend to the Hive, and I was only made aware of the attack after a Street Runner was sent to the Hive. I was not injured. I was, however, concerned about you and your inn. As was Pawn. And Belgrade. And Anand.”
“Tell them I’m alright, okay?”
“I shall convey your words. However…your preparations for tonight’s defense are somewhat troubling.”
“It’s not enough?”
The Antinium paused as he looked around the inn.
“Given your budget and the time available, I would imagine that it is quite appropriate for any lesser crisis. But for a larger catastrophe, such as the invasion of the Face-Eater Moths?”
Erin nodded seriously.
“Yeah. It probably would be like last time. Which we survived! But I could do more. I’ve really been thinking about getting some enchanting done on my inn, actually. But none of the [Mages] I know have the ability to enchant things. I was going to see if anyone from Pallass could do it, but it’s been so busy—”
“No [Enchanter] would be able to perform more than rudimentary wards by nightfall anyways. That is a decent long-term plan. May I offer you a short-term one?”
Erin paused.
“Go on.”
Klbkch studied the inn, his head sweeping slowly down the long common room.
“I assume you intend to put on a play tonight?”
“Not tonight. I’ll tell Wesle and the others. It’s too dangerous to think about.”
“Very wise. That will aid my suggestion as well. I would like to send a squad of Painted Soldiers to your inn. They would be led by Pawn. In addition, they would be accompanied by several Workers armed with bows.”
“Workers? Wait, you want to protect my inn with them? I’ll accept of course! But do you want to be paid or…?”
Klbkch shook his head.
“Consider it an act of friendship. And practicality. Your inn has aided Liscor’s Hive in more ways than I can state, Erin. However, I would like to keep this arrangement secret. Very secret, in light of the current controversy surrounding Liscor’s Hive. The fact that Workers are being armed is to be most secret of all.”
He stared at Erin. She nodded slowly.
“So they’ll stay here tonight?”
“And leave just after dawn. Watch Captain Zevara has already requested a group of Soldiers patrol through Liscor tonight as a precaution. Pawn’s group will be part of that unit.”
This all sounded dicey to Erin, but she wasn’t in a position to refuse. Maybe Klbkch was just being cautious. Arming Workers. It didn’t sound that bad to Erin, but then she remembered that Workers using bows had been part of the Antinium’s strategy in the Antinium Wars.
