5.36
Page 20
Now was the time. Ceria took a deep breath and shouted.
“Excuse me! There’s one more thing!”
All the adventurers turned. Ceria turned beet red, and stammered.
“I uh—we’re the Horns of Hammerad. We’re looking for someone in the dungeon. A companion of ours was lost. Calruz. He’s a Minotaur. He used to lead our group—we think he might still be alive down here.”
“A missing adventurer? We only heard about Gnolls. Did the Raskghar get him too?”
One of the Drakes looked surprised. Ceria shook her head.
“No, he vanished a while ago. On another expedition in Liscor’s crypt. But he might have arrived here.”
The adventurers looked at each other dubiously. Ceria’s heart pounded. One of the senior Drakes, an old yellow-scaled Drake with a greatsword, leaned on it and frowned at Ceria.
“How long has he been missing?”
Ceria wavered.
“Months. But we never found his body! And there’s a…route from Liscor’s crypts to the dungeon. He might have arrived down here! He was wounded when I last saw him, but I know he had a healing potion on him.”
She felt her heart sinking with every word. The old Drake shook his head.
“Months? If he’s been gone that long, he’s dead. Body’s probably eaten by now or shambling around as a zombie. Give it up, rookie.”
He turned away. Ceria stared as his team walked into the dungeon. The other adventurers began to move again too. Some looked sympathetic and promised to tell the Horns if they saw anything. But the rest just left. Ceria wanted to shrivel up into nothing and disappear.
“You tried.”
Yvlon patted her shoulder. Ceria nodded miserably. Not only had the others thought she was delusional, she’d given away the secret entrance from the crypt to the dungeon. What had she been thinking? Of course they’d think she was mad. How many people swore their missing companion was still alive? Ceria had heard that sort of talk herself—adventurers who’d seen a friend dragged away by a Mothbear, swearing that he was alive days later and that they’d go back and get him. She flushed and then saw familiar faces heading towards them.
“Hey Ceria, you’re with us.”
Jelaqua raised a hand as the Halfseekers strode towards their group. Griffon Hunt was right behind them and the Silver Swords were trailing in their wake. Revi scowled at the old Drake’s team who was already disappearing down one of the corridors.
“That Drake’s an ass. Talk about rude. Can you believe him?”
Everyone gave Revi the fish eye. The Stitch-Woman blushed and tugged at the string around her neck.
“What? We all thought the same thing, but even I didn’t say it. At least they know now. And we’re part of this raid. Hooray for us. We still doing this babysitting job?”
“Teaching job, Revi.”
Typhenous interjected diplomatically. He nodded to the Silver Swords, none of whom looked happy.
“We shall take the Silver Swords and the Halfseekers the Horns of Hammerad. We’ll impart our tactics and switch groups after a few hours. Is that reasonable?”
“Perfectly. Thank you for doing this.”
The other adventurers nodded. Halrac jerked his head.
“Let’s get moving. We’re falling behind.”
The teams split up, the Silver Swords falling in with Griffon Hunt and the Halfseekers with the Horns of Hammerad. They headed down the right-most tunnel. Other groups had come that way, but they’d marked where they were going with bits of chalk. Someone had also spattered bright alchemical paint on the ground around a trap on the floor which all the adventurers gave a wide berth.
When both groups came to another intersection, Halrac pointed to a tunnel that hadn’t been claimed yet.
