5.36
Page 9
“Okay, Klbkch. I accept. Thank you.”
“There is no need for thanks. I will excuse myself. I have much work to do in Liscor.”
Klbkch nodded to Erin. He strode through the door. She stared after him as he walked through the rainy streets. Sometimes it felt like Klbkch was more of a stranger than when she had met in the old days. She wished she could sit with him and Relc for a while over a plate of pasta. Then she shook her head.
“Well, I guess the Raskghar are really going to get a surprise if they attack tonight.”
“I’m sure I’ll feel better.”
Lyonette came over. She hadn’t quite been eavesdropping. Erin turned to her.
“Yeah. But the Antinium are just for now. I do want to make upgrading the inn a priority, Lyonette. Not just with structural stuff and enchantments. I’d like some real guards, the kind that will be here all the time. I can’t always hope there’ll be adventurers or Goblins or Antinium in my inn.”
The Human young woman eyed Erin warily.
“What then? You don’t mean something like Toren, do you?”
Erin paused.
“No. I think…no. Well, if Pisces…no. Probably not. I was really thinking about Golems.”
“Golems? How much do you think they cost, Erin?”
“Um…”
The two stared at each other. Erin laughed.
“It’s just a thought! But really, Lyonette, I am a bit worried. We’ll have Antinium here and I’ll be staying the night, but the Raskghar could still do a lot of damage. And there is…”
She and Lyonette both looked at Mrsha. The Gnoll was playing with her ball, bouncing it against a wall and running about. Erin sighed worriedly.
“I wouldn’t risk her at all. Even if I’m like, 99% safe I don’t want to take a chance.”
“Neither do I. But your inn will be the most well-defended spot I can think of. What else could you do?”
Erin paused. She frowned at Mrsha, and then looked to the magic door of her inn.
“Well, I can think of a way to make her just a bit safer. So right after dinner, here’s what we’ll do…”
 
—-
 
The Redfang Warriors did not feel good. It wasn’t the aftermath of fighting the Raskghar that bothered them—they actually felt over the moon about that, so to speak. Headscratcher’s changing classes to a [Berserker] and Numbtongue’s [Bard] class was the best news they’d had in a long time.
No, it was seeing all those adventurers that made the Hobgoblins feel bad. There was something about a room full of hostile glances that didn’t do much for the nerves, incredibly enough. More than one team from Pallass had looked like they’d been ready to attack the Redfang Warriors right then and there. Of course, they’d given the same look to the Antinium.
Shorthilt’s stomach still felt bad, but it was restoring itself to something approaching normal as he squatted on the floor, staring at the Cave Goblin. She was still secured to the chair. There would be no sudden escape where she wriggled free—the Redfangs knew how to tie a knot properly. When you tied an Eater Goat to a pole to lure Gargoyles, the last thing you wanted was an angry goat getting loose and munching your face off.
He was confident in his knot. Still, Shorthilt checked again just to be sure. His attention to detail and caution was why he was the group’s best warrior with a sword. He nodded as he found the bindings secure, and then looked at the others. They stared back.
