5.36
Page 7
Lyonette nodded to the glass windows. Erin made a face.
“Yeah, but the shutters are in the inside. Which means that anyone smashing through’s already broken the glass.”
The [Princess] and Hob stared at Erin.
“So?”
“So, glass is expensive! Do you know how much Klbkch charged me last time to fix all that? I don’t want my windows broken in! Plus, those shutters aren’t made to hold out angry Raskghar.”
“Hm. Well, in that case…”
Lyonette trailed off. Rabbiteater frowned at the windows. He pointed to the window and mimed hammering. Erin sighed.
“Yes, Rabbiteater. That’s what we’re saying. But it won’t save the glass!”
Rabbiteater shook his head. He put up his hand and mimed a window. Erin frowned as Rabbiteater stood on one side of the imaginary window and then walked around. He began hammering…on the outside.
“Oh! You mean, put on shutters on the outside! Rabbiteater, that’s genius!”
Erin sat up in delight. That would work! All she had to do was install big defensive shutters on the outside of her inn. She could close them if she knew something was going to hit her inn—and then open them if it was all safe! Lyonette frowned.
“That’s a good idea, Rabbiteater. But putting shutters on the outside also means we can’t open them to look around at something right next to the inn. And that’s dangerous.”
“Right, right. Um—okay, what about this? We put the shutters on the ground floor windows, but leave the second floor open? I’m pretty sure my windows can’t be broken by arrows. Unless, like, it’s Halrac shooting them or something.”
Lyonette looked at Rabbiteater. The Hob scratched his head. Then both nodded. Erin clapped her hands.
“Alright! That’s phase one! Reinforce the inn! Lyonette, we’ll need some good wood, more nails, and maybe another hammer from Krshia.”
“I can pick those up. What’s phase two for the inn?”
“Uh—let me think it over for a bit.”
Erin stood up and paced about the inn. She was feeling a bit better now, and Rabbiteater and Lyonette both went outside to see how much wood the windows would need. Erin walked back and forth, trying to figure out what she could do. She discarded all of the impractical ideas or the things that’d take too much time.
Really, when you got down to it, the only way to defend her inn was to have enough people inside of it with weapons ready in case something attacked. Erin could build traps in her inn, but it would be easier to have something disposable. So she discarded bear traps and thought about potions. By the time Lyonette came back, Erin had a second plan ready.
“Essentially, I want a big box full of potions and alchemy…grenades? Right here. And Bird gets some of his own in case he’s attacked in his watch tower. And I want a lock on the door leading to the tower so he can get back in the inn if there’s a lot of monsters, like the moths.”
It was what she’d already done, except that Erin was doubling down on supplies. She found her money bags and poured gold pieces onto the table.
“We need a bigger defense budget. We should have, like four Tripvine Bags at all times. And those explosive potions! Octavia can’t make them. I don’t think she knows how. So…we need to go grab some from a better [Alchemist] in the city.”
“She’s not going to like that.”
“Well, she doesn’t have to know. As for the door lock—”
“Not a good idea.”
“Why not? If Bird’s in trouble—”
“A lock’s too much to work with, Erin. And Bird will forget the key. Why not just make it a door bar?”
“That is a reasonable suggestion.”
