5.36
Page 6
The [Innkeeper] frowned. She turned the bit of parchment over and fiddled with the stick of charcoal.
“Well, they’re like two steel jaws that close on anything that steps on them. I know it’s really cruel to animals, but if I was hunting like, giant Rock Crabs or something really evil…like a Troll? I’d use one of these. It looks…like this. See?”
Erin sketched out the bear trap on the parchment and held it up. Rabbiteater took the sketch Erin had made and looked at it dubiously. He tilted his head, frowned, and then turned the parchment upside down. That didn’t help.
“Hey, it’s not that bad!”
Lyonette looked at the parchment and frowned.
“It…are those teeth? I have no idea how that thing works. The teeth come together? How?”
“With a mechanism in the center! It’s like—okay, look. You have this thing here and if you step on it, the trap closes. Over your foot. Or your hand, I guess. Any part of you that lands on the trap, really. Look—does this make sense?”
Erin grumbled as she snatched the parchment back from Rabbiteater. She made another sketch and Rabbiteater began to see what she was talking about. Well, if she put it like that, it was easy, wasn’t it? Two spiky sides would close on anything that stepped on the little thing in the center. Unfortunately—
He grunted and shook his head. Erin looked disappointed.
“What? Why not?”
Rabbiteater pointed to the blueprints and pointed. He mimed the jaws of the bear trap closing on his foot and threw up his hands in surprise. Then he shrugged. Lyonette, who’d been frowning at the trap, came to the same conclusion and put it more succinctly.
“Erin, that trap won’t work. If someone steps in it, sure, it’ll hurt, but unless those blades are incredibly sharp, it won’t do that much damage. I guess it’d do some damage if it snapped really hard, but most times you’ll just step on that and…well, it might slow someone down.”
Erin was incredulous.
“On a bear trap? No way! Those jaws will snap shut and you won’t be able to open them!”
“Sure you can. You just pull the thing apart.”
“No, you can’t. See? It has these springs that’ll hold the jaws closed—”
“Springs? You mean…it jumps up or something?”
And then Erin ran into a problem. She paused as both Lyonette and Rabbiteater looked at her without a hint of comprehension on their faces.
“No, not spring. Springs. You know, the spiral things? Very flexible? Holds things together? Bouncy?”
She didn’t do a good job explaining what she meant. But it soon became clear that springs, or rather, the coiled version of springs that went in bed mattresses and so on, didn’t exist in this world. At least to Lyonette and Rabbiteater’s understanding.
“I’ve never seen one of those things before, Erin. You say this is a little metal coil all wrapped up, right? That sounds like very difficult work, even for a good [Blacksmith].”
“You’re right. You’re right.”
Erin groaned as she thought about how hard making a small spring would be. There was no mass production in this world, after all! She tore up the bear trap blueprints in disgust.
“Great! So I can’t defend this inn. Unless they make landmines here? How am I supposed to guard the inn this time?”
“Well, why not barricade the door?”
Lyonette looked towards the door. The Raskghar had smashed into the inn through the door last time, breaking the wooden latch on the door. Erin looked up.
“Well yeah, I could do that. I could put a big honking bar across the door, and maybe the [Reinforced Structure] Skill would hold it, but what about my windows?”
“What about them? We can barricade them too. There’s already shutters on them.”
