5.37 G
Page 5
He raised his greatsword. In the corridor Greydath was at a disadvantage in that he couldn’t extend his greatsword without hitting the walls or ceiling. Or so Garen thought. But when the Hob slashed left, his sword cut through the wall and flashed at Garen’s chest impossibly quick! Garen blocked, felt his arms compress, felt the sword slam into his chest and then he felt himself flying. His feet left the ground and Garen gaped at Greydath as the force of the impact hurled him back several feet. When he landed the other Hob was already charging at him.
Left slash, overhand, thrust! Garen parried, attacked, dodged left, blocked, slashed with both hands, took a cut to his cheek, roared and punched with one hand—nearly lost the hand, blocked, fell back, slashed upwards, ducked, retreated three steps, struck and took a wound to the thigh—
He hadn’t fought this hard for years. He hadn’t been this desperate…Garen couldn’t think. All of his body and mind was thrust into fighting, keeping Greydath’s blade from touching him, fending the Hob off. He was losing! Greydath pressed him backwards down the corridor, grinning manically as Garen fought. The sounds of their blades meeting overwhelmed all other sound. They fought like that for hours, days, or so it felt. But possibly only a few minutes had passed before Garen saw Greydath lower his sword. The Hob stopped, panting, covered in sweat. Greydath grinned at him and laughed.
“Good! Haven’t done that in years. You were a Gold-rank adventurer, weren’t you? Strong. They must have loved you and feared you. Your team. Didn’t they? Is that why you killed them?”
Garen didn’t reply. He was trying to get his breathing back. His mind raced, but all he could ask was the obvious.
“What do you want?”
Greydath bared his teeth. It was not a smile. Garen felt a cold shiver as the former Goblin Lord lifted his blade. How could he be alive? He tensed, but Greydath just rested the flat of his blade on his shoulder.
“What do I want? To see how strong Garen Redfang is. And the answer? Very strong. As strong as the coward, nearly. If you two fought and you had a bit more magic, would you win? You are stronger than the Goblin Lord. With the blade. Little else, though. You’d be a fine warrior in any tribe. You are the poorest of Chieftains.”
His words made no sense. But they annoyed Garen all the same. He growled.
“I’m not here…to fight, old one. Leave!”
“Make me.”
Garen hesitated. He couldn’t. Greydath grinned at him.
“A poor leader. A failure who can’t keep his tribe fed. Can’t keep their loyalty. But strong. Strength would be enough. But you are no Goblin. You betrayed your tribe. Your first tribe. That’s what they called you. Even the Humans know you. Team killer. Tribe killer. Not Goblin.”
The words struck Garen like arrows. He gritted his teeth, but didn’t reply. Greydath shook his head.
“Enough. A not-Goblin isn’t enough to challenge a Lord. Not at all. If you changed, maybe. But what did you do? You stuck with the coward, while the child ran away with your tribe. And the slave came and you lost your tribe again. Look around, Redfang. They desert you each time. And why? Because you are no Chieftain. Not worthy. Not a Goblin.”
For the third time he said it. If it had been anyone else, anyone in the entire world, Garen would have killed them then and there. But Greydath he couldn’t kill. So Garen stood where he was.
“What. Do. You. Want?”
“Nothing from you. Not now. I just wanted to see what would happen. The coward’s tribe is broken. The slave runs, but the Humans play games. And they brought her. Look.”
