5.37 G
Page 17
“My thanks, Lord Pellmia. You needn’t have sullied your blade, though.”
“Nonsense. We cannot allow these lesser creatures to insult us.”
Lord Pellmia was flushed with a battle high and his sword and armor were bloody. Not from his own blood. His mount was practically steaming from exertion. Pellmia leaned down and ground the tip of his sword into the earth. Then he sat back upright and frowned at Rags’ retreating back. He turned and Tyrion saw that Pellmia had brought a host of mounted soldiers to ‘rescue’ him. Pellmia gestured at a group of [Archers] mounted on horses.
“Send a volley into the Goblin’s backs as a lesson!”
“No.”
Tyrion countermanded the order, raising an open hand. Pellmia stared at him in shock. Tyrion smiled tightly.
“You might hit her.”
He nodded towards Rags, who was racing ahead to the front of the group. Pellmia blew out his mustache in amazement.
“Dead gods, Veltras! All this to save a single Goblin? Did you mean what you said about an hour’s head start? By Dragons, why would you do that?”
Tyrion wiped his sword with a cloth and then sheathed it. He spoke casually.
“That Goblin is important—at least for the moment. Kill a Chieftain and their tribe scatters to the winds. As for the hour’s reprieve—I thought it might amuse you.”
“Me?”
Pellmia’s eyebrows rose. Tyrion nodded. He smiled again. It had to be said that he was bad at smiling, at least as the activity was meant to reassure or uplift.
“You are by all accounts a sporting man, Lord Pellmia. What would you say to a wager? If you can corner the Goblins in two hours? Say—a thousand gold coins and two head of prime cattle on it?”
Lord Pellmia stared and then laughed. He looked around at the [Soldiers] on horseback, many of which looked tired and not in the mood for a chase.
“With this army? At dusk? Make it two thousand gold and a warhorse from your stable! Damn the cattle—I’ll provide the steak if I win or lose!”
“A deal, then.”
Tyrion took the gauntlet from his hands and shook Pellmia’s bare hand. The [Lords] grinned at one another and Tyrion’s tone became businesslike once more.
“Mind what I’ve told you about the Goblins.”
“Aye, I won’t forget. It’ll be harder keeping most of them alive. Well, a few hundred won’t matter, will it? Not for the bet. I’ll have to leave my son behind, though. He’s too hotheaded to avoid trying to kill the Goblins, never mind orders!”
Tyrion saw Pellmia point at an excited [Lord] wearing gold-leaf plate mail. He nodded.
“It seems he’s slain a few Goblins. A credit to you.”
“You say that without having met him! He’s not half the level I was when I was his age. Still—I hope to raise him at least to Level 20 before we finish this campaign. So, I’ve two hours to round up the Goblins, eh? Don’t you worry. I’ll have them running where you want by nightfall! And I’ll expect to be visiting your stables as soon as I head north! With a steak for your tables!”
Tyrion smiled as Lord Pellmia rode forwards, laughing and waving at the soldiers to follow him. He had to remind Pellmia to give the Goblins an hour’s head start first. Lord Pellmia sighed and rode back.
“I suppose we’ll have to have a late dinner of it, then. Will you be joining us, Veltras? I doubt there’s any good food to be had around here. My [Manservant] has [Advanced Cooking] and [Campfire Chef], though. He’ll make a good meal of it!”
Lord Tyrion shook his head.
“I must return to the main force shortly. I leave this matter in your capable hands, Lord Pellmia. And our bet.”
