5.37 G
Page 13
“Sir Kerrig? Is he well? Is he unharmed?”
Welca looked worried and relieved. Tyrion nodded.
“Both. We arrived in time to prevent the Goblins from sacking the village. I encountered their ruler. Emperor Laken Godart.”
“So there is an [Emperor] in Riverfarm? Five Houses, that’s another wonder!”
Pellmia whistled. He glanced speculatively at Wiskeria and nodded to the Goblins.
“I suppose he wants these Goblins gone, does he? Give the order and we’ll charge the gates, Lord Veltras. It won’t be pretty, but once we’re past those pikes it should be a rout!”
“Lord Veltras? Lord Veltras!”
The [Witch], or rather, [General] protested loudly. She bowed hurriedly towards him as Tyrion nodded.
“Forgive me. But I keep telling Lord Pellmia that attacking the city would not be wise! He took the Goblins off-guard, but they have incredibly strong warriors! They have hundreds of Hobs and their regular Goblins use twenty-foot long pikes! Any cavalry that charges them will be impaled! Not to mention their crossbows!”
“Nonsense! We have [Knights] who can break their lines.”
Pellmia dismissed Wiskeria’s complaint with a wave. Tyrion frowned at Pellmia, but smoothed his face before the other man could notice. He spoke calmly, nodding at Wiskeria.
“I’d prefer not to take a single casualty if possible, Lord Pellmia. Driving the Goblins from the city is a priority, but I would prefer avoiding a pitched battle in the city.”
The other [Lord] sighed dramatically.
“As you say, Veltras. Still, not a bad job of it, eh? We arrived just in the nick of time! Another minute and the Goblin Chieftain would have cut a hole right through the army!”
“You say the Chieftain’s here?”
That caught Tyrion’s attention. He glanced at Lord Pellmia and gestured towards his aide.
“Fetch me an artifact enchanted with [Appraisal]. I wish to sort this out. Pellmia, I have marked two Goblins as possible candidates. Yourself?”
“One. The fat one with the enchanted battleaxe. Over there. Lady Caveis claims that he might be the Chieftain.”
“I see.”
Lord Tyrion frowned at the monocle his aide handed him. He lifted it with his gauntleted fingers and peered through it with a frown. He searched the walls of the city for the Goblin until he spotted him. A fat Hob with an enchanted battleaxe, as Pellmia had said.
“Lady Caveis, you were captive of the Goblins for a period of time. Was this the Chieftain to your knowledge?”
Welca jumped. She stared at Pyrite.
“I uh—yes. He…might be the Chieftain. I can’t be sure. They all look the same. I advised Pellmia he could be the one.”
Pellmia snorted.
“Not hard to figure out. Dangerous, that fat Hob. He was cutting down [Soldiers] like flies when we charged him. Nearly got one of my [Knights], but we drove him back!”
Tyrion squinted at the distant Hob. He frowned as he slowly read and then nodded.
“He certainly has enough [Chieftain] levels. However—ah. There they are.”
His head turned. Behind him, a group of Goblins appeared in the distance. They spotted the army of soldiers, Tyrion’s five thousand or so cavalry, and then the Goblins in the city. They rode left, making a mad dash for the safety of the walls. Tyrion saw his aide calling back the riders who rode to intercept. As the Goblins fled, Tyrion once again picked out the Goblin with the red scar and the small Goblin. This time his eyebrows rose.
