5.37 G
Page 14
“The little Goblin has nearly as many in [Chieftain] as the fat Hob. The warrior…none. Interesting. He appears to have a Goblin commander class. [Raid Leader]. A powerful combatant then, but not of interest besides that. Mark the small Goblin and the large Hob, Lord Pellmia. Circulate their descriptions.”
“A difficult task given that all Goblins look like the other. At least these two have their size to tell them apart. How tiresome. Shall we disperse the rest of the mob now, Lord Veltras? Those trebuchets are fun to watch, but the Goblins don’t seem particularly deterred by the rocks. They have a few of their own. Annoying things.”
“Indeed. Give me a moment to plan the attack, Lord Pellmia.”
“Naturally.”
The man rode backwards and Welca did likewise. Tyrion dismounted and saw the [Witch] hurry up to him. She hesitated and tried to bow awkwardly again.
“My apologies, Lord Veltras. You’re the commander of this army, correct? Thank you for coming to our aid.”
Tyrion nodded.
“It was my pleasure, General Wiskeria. How many losses did your army take?”
Wiskeria tugged the brim of her hat down.
“Many. We’d have been slaughtered completely without Lord Pellmia’s arrival. As it is, there are thousands dead. I don’t know what Laken—excuse me. Did I hear that Riverfarm was attacked? Laken—Emperor Laken, his majesty. Is he safe?”
“He is. He claims that the order to attack the Goblins did not come from him. He is investigating the matter. I will return to Riverfarm within the hour. It only remains to root out these Goblins.”
Wiskeria gaped at Tyrion in horror. When she managed to recover she stared at the city apprehensively.
“Do you mean to assault the city? As I told Lord Pellmia, that was disastrous for our army. Even your soldiers might suffer if they tried it.”
“That was my analysis as well. Tell me, are you a trained [General], Miss Wiskeria? Pellmia claims you are a [Witch].”
Wiskeria reddened.
“I’m both. I—just obtained my [General] class. I was never trained. I don’t know that I belong in the position. Certainly not after a disaster like this.”
She stared numbly around the battlefield soaked with blood. Tyrion shook his head. He paused and searched for comforting words. He found none and spoke abruptly.
“Every leader fails. This battle was poorly chosen to begin with. Learn from your errors and continue to level. That you were able to lead an army at all without formal command training is impressive. Tell me, how did you obtain your class?”
Wiskeria hesitated. She bit her lip, and then answered slowly.
“From his majesty. It was…a gift.”
She eyed Tyrion from under her pointed hat. He nodded slowly.
“A gift from an [Emperor]. May I assume the trebuchets are also his devising?”
“You might. May I assume that you are an ally of his majesty, Lord Veltras?”
“You may. And I intend to make good on my promise to him. Jericha?”
He turned his head. His aide, the Human woman and [Mage], rode forwards. She had naturally grey hair, although she was only a little younger than Tyrion herself.
“Lord Veltras? Your orders?”
“Gather the [Mages] under my command. Have them form a link and assault the city. I want the Goblins driven out. Lord Pellmia is to take a wedge of the highest-level [Knights] and any [Lords] who wish to participate and assault the gates on my signal.”
“By your order.”
Jericha rode away, calling out orders. Wiskeria watched the soldiers riding forwards and a group of around twenty [Mages] dismount.
“A link? But if they move into crossbow range—”
She glanced apprehensively at the walls. Tyrion shook his head.
