5.37 G
Page 18
“Very well. And this Emperor Godart I’ve heard so much about? What if he complains about an army camping on his lands? And what should I do with his army? Let them go?”
Tyrion nodded.
“Do not concern yourself with this [Emperor]. I will deal with him before I leave; focus your attention on the Goblins. If any issue arises, do not hesitate to contact me. Our timing must be impeccable.”
He held Pellmia’s gaze. The [Lord] smiled.
“Over half the nobles in our war camp are still speculating about what you have planned, Veltras. I have an inkling. But I’ll keep that to myself for now. Your orders I’ll carry out. However, if you might indulge an old man?”
He was probably fifteen years older than Tyrion. Which would put him close to sixty years. Still, Pellmia looked like a young man as the evening light faded across his face. Tyrion paused reluctantly.
“Very well.”
“How long have we? According to your schedule.”
Lord Tyrion Veltras paused. He weighed answering, and then replied, knowing that his response may well be circulated to those Pellmia considered his allies and possibly beyond that. But it was a calculated risk.
“Fourteen days.”
The [Lord]’s eyes gleamed.
“Fourteen days, eh? And then what?”
Pellmia never received an answer. Tyrion turned and turned his mount. He set a quick trot back towards Riverfarm. A small escort led by Jericha fell in behind him. Behind him, Pellmia laughed heartily and called for wine before he went to hunt the tribe down.
 
—-
 
And the Goblins fled. From the mountain, away from the lands of Emperor Godart, in disarray, in defeat. Demoralized and broken. Reiss ran with his master’s words echoing in his mind, planning, trying to find victory amid another setback, another obstacle. Tremborag escaped, burning with rage, seething at his lost mountain. Afraid of the Kingslayer at his back. Garen rode, confused, angry, the words Greydath had spoken poking at his mind and conscience like hot needles.
And Rags? She turned in her saddle and looked back. She stared at the distant army of Humans, at the blood and death around the broken city. She thought of Laken, and looked at Redscar, nearly dead on the wagon they’d put him on. But alive. She thought of all that had passed, and she felt guilty and bitter and despairing. Her head drooped, and then rose. Rags straightened her back.
Beside her, Pyrite jogged to keep up, his fat body heaving with the effort. He was bleeding, and his expression was bleak. Rags’ tribe stumbled to keep moving. Again they were running. Again in defeat. But Rags kept her head high. Not because she felt good, or because she saw a silver lining in the clouds hanging over her. But because no one else was looking up. Because she was a Chieftain. She sat tall and moved on.
And her tribe followed. They marched after their Chieftain into the night, the little Goblin who kept urging them on. Who had dueled a [Lord] and spat in his face. Who had bested an [Emperor]. She would have won, of course. But the Humans had cheated. They always cheated. But the Goblins still called it victory. They cheered Rags as she rode past them, urging them to pick up the pace. They were hers. And she was theirs. Their little Goblin leader. The genius who had bested Redfang. A bit of hope.
Rags.
 
[Chieftain Level 24!]
[Skill – Tribe: Rapid Reload obtained!]
[Skill – Flashfire Spellcraft obtained!]
[Spell – Burning Blades obtained!]
 

