5.38
Page 21
Mrsha had been playing with her ball. She noticed Erin’s tone of voice and looked up. She whined anxiously. Erin smiled.
“Nothing’s wrong.”
That was the wrong thing to say. Lyonette went over to reassure Mrsha as Erin headed for the door. Drassi had caught the mood. She and her friends hovered around Erin anxiously.
“Did I hear you right, Erin? Are you looking for Olesm? We can help you search if you need to find him quick. I know where he lives and Welfa and Imissi can check the Watch’s barracks and the city hall.”
Erin turned, relieved.
“Would you? I’ll run up to the battlements. Meet me…meet me by the barracks if you find him, okay?”
The three Drakes nodded. All four females ran into the rain. Erin charged up the battlements. She didn’t know why she was running. Only, she felt an increasing sense of urgency. She scaled the walls and surprised the Gnoll on duty. He blinked at her.
“Wall’s off limits to civilians right now, Miss.”
“I know! Where’s Olesm? I need to speak with him.”
“I think he’s in his office. In the city hall.”
Erin cursed and ran down the steps. She wondered if Imissi had already gotten Olesm and then ran towards the city hall anyways. Both Imissi and Drassi met Erin. Olesm was following them.
“I found Olesm heading back to his apartment!”
Drassi panted. Olesm looked from her to Erin. His look of annoyance faded into concern.
“Erin? What’s wrong?”
“Nothing!”
Erin shouted the word. She couldn’t help it. Now the alarm in her head was ringing loudly. Erin pointed at Olesm.
“I need your ring!”
“My ring?”
“Yes! I need to see the moon!”
Olesm looked at Erin as if she were insane.
“But it’s not dark outside yet, Erin.”
“I know that! But I need it for something! The moon’ll be out tonight! I just need to see it! Or—”
Erin froze. Her head snapped up. She stared at the dark sky. Clouds. No moon. The Raskghar were still werewolves when they couldn’t see the moon.
They were intelligent even when the moon was out of sight. Suddenly, Erin’s mouth was in her chest. She turned and opened and shut her mouth. Olesm stared at her.
“Erin? What’s wrong?”
The words didn’t come out for a second. Erin was transfixed in horror. Then she grabbed Olesm.
“Sound the alarm! Get everyone to the walls! Get the adventurers out of the dungeon! Now! It’s a trap!”
“What? What?”
Erin didn’t answer. She turned and ran for the battlements. She heard Olesm shout after her and then the Drake was pounding after her down the street. Erin ran with the speed of panic. Somehow she found enough breath to scream—something. A family of Drakes on the street stared at her wide-eyed and backed away. Erin didn’t care. She ran up the steps two at a time and gasped at the Gnoll [Guardsman] she’d met.
“Sound the alarm!”
He stared at her. Olesm, panting, caught Erin.
“Erin, what is it!”
“We’re going to be attacked! Right now! The Raskghar are still smart! It’s still the full moon!”
Both the Drake and Gnoll stared at Erin uncomprehendingly. She nearly screamed in her effort to explain. She pointed up.
“The moon is still up there! It’s still a full moon! It’s the lunar cycle! Time! The moon doesn’t have to be visible! It’s still the right time of the month!”
Still they didn’t understand. But Erin’s [Dangersense] was blaring now. Something only she could detect. No, it was something only she could understand. Only someone from Earth understood that the moon was always in the sky, always orbiting. It just wasn’t always visible. And if it was the orbit, the position of the moon that mattered and not whether it was visible—
