5.38
Page 7
“That’s the difference between Human adventurers and teams who live in Drake cities. We have a chain of command. And we’re obligated to listen to Watch Captains.”
Bevussa sighed as she drained her mug and then fished around for coins in her pouch. She handed them to Erin and smiled.
“Your inn will be alright?”
“I think so. We’re sending everyone through. Hey Drassi! Ishkr! Want leftovers? And the Horns and the Halfseekers are staying.”
“I won’t worry, then. Until tomorrow, Miss Solstice. We’ll come back to eat that horrible Scale Salad you’ve got.”
“You think that’s bad? Try the soup!”
The Garuda smiled and left. Erin looked around her suddenly deserted inn. Then she eyed the closed windows.
“Night’s coming soon. Ceria, what’s your plan?”
A small knot of anxiety twisted in Ceria’s stomach. She glanced at the Halfseekers for reassurance.
“I think we’ll stay downstairs. We won’t sleep until we know it’s safe. We’ll get some sleep in the morning before the dungeon dive.”
“Dungeon diving by day, guarding by night. That’s not a lot of time to rest! But it’s probably a good idea for this night at least. The Hobs will be downstairs too. I’m going to warn Bird.”
Erin nodded and dashed upstairs. Ceria looked around. The convivial mood that had been filling the inn had evaporated. Now the adventurers looked serious. As four of the Redfang Goblins came downstairs, Ceria saw they were all armed.
“If the Raskghar come, we’ll handle them. Stay behind us, Halfseekers. Jelaqua will have the door. She’s got the armor.”
Seborn was checking one of Erin’s windows. Ceria nodded and drifted over to Pisces.
“Hey, you can make Bone Horrors, right?”
“I have been adjusting my designs. Should I animate one?”
“Maybe hold off. We’ve got enough bodies as it is. But have it ready just in case, okay?”
Pisces nodded. He sat down at a table and stretched his legs out. Ceria thought that was too casual, but then she realized they might be waiting for a long time and did the same. Erin soon came back downstairs.
“Alright. Bird’s secure and Badarrow’s up there too. He’ll make Bird run if it’s dangerous. Now. Lyonette? Is Mrsha fed? Are you fed? Is Apista fed?”
“We’re all good, Erin.”
The young woman was combing Mrsha’s fur with a brush. The Gnoll was sitting in her lap, looking around anxiously. She knew what was happening and she didn’t like it. She hugged Lyonette’s stomach. Erin hesitated. She went over to the magical door and changed the destination. She opened the door and Ceria saw Octavia’s shop appear.
“Okay. I think now’s the time. Hey Mrsha?”
She came over and bent down with a big, fake smile. The Gnoll looked up, instantly suspicious. Erin smiled and pointed to the door.
“How would you like to sleep at Auntie Octavia’s for tonight?”
Lyonette stood up with Mrsha in her arms. The Gnoll looked at Erin in alarm, and then instantly began to howl. She fought wildly to stay, struggling with both Erin and Lyonette.
“It’s just for tonight, Mrsha! Just in case! We’ll be fine!”
Nothing Erin said convinced the Gnoll. She was afraid. Not just of staying at Octavia’s—she clung to Erin until she was pried free. Then she began crying. She was afraid. Afraid to leave Erin behind. Afraid she’d never see Erin again.
When Lyonette finally dragged her through the door, Mrsha’s loud crying was the last thing Erin heard. She closed the door and looked around. The adventurers and Goblins looked away hastily. Erin took a deep breath.
“Okay. It was just in case. We’ll be fine. Okay.”
“You could go through too, you know. You should.”
