5.38
Page 15
“We will be back tomorrow night.”
The Antinium nodded to her. He stared at Bird, then motioned to Yellow Splatters. The Soldier broke off from staring at Bird and the other Antinium followed Erin out the door. She wished she could have talked with Pawn, but she was too tired to think, really. The Raskghar…Erin frowned. They were gone. Yep. Which meant…she glanced around. The Goblins were gone too. As were the Redfangs. Plan A was working. Or was it Plan B? Plan G?
Her mind was fuzzy. When had she last slept? Probably nearly 24 hours ago. She’d been up all day getting ready for tonight, and then up all night. And now it was nearly morning again. Erin stumbled towards the magic door and set it to Celum.
“Is anyone awake?”
“Erin?”
A shape moved into view. Erin jumped as Lyonette appeared, pale-faced, a sword in hand. Octavia poked her head out with a pot for a helmet and two potions in her hands. Both relaxed when they saw Erin.
“Is it safe?”
“I think so. The Raskghar are gone and it’s nearly morning. You can come back now. How’s it over there?”
“Bad! I barely got a wink of sleep! I should charge you for staying the night!”
Octavia rubbed at her bloodshot eyes. She plucked one out and stared at it. Erin looked around.
“Mrsha?”
“She fell asleep after she threw a tantrum. I think she’s—oh. She’s up.”
Lyonette grimaced. A flurry of paws and fur exploded from behind her and barreled into Erin’s midriff. Erin went oof and sat down as Mrsha climbed all over her, licking her face and hugging her.
“It’s okay, Mrsha! The bad Raskghar are gone. We’re all fine. We’re all fine.”
Lyonette walked into the inn as Octavia, yawning, shut the door, muttering about sleep deductibles. The [Barmaid] stared at the floor and the blood and blanched a bit.
“Fighting?”
“They barely got through the front door. The Redfangs captured a lot of Goblins—they’ll be gone most of the day. If they even return by night.”
“Plan G?”
“Plan G. We’ll have to make a takeout meal for them. Uh…”
Erin tried to get up and nearly fell over. She felt like she was drunk, but without any of the buzz of alcohol. She looked around. Halrac was walking towards her.
“Halrac. Did you…?”
“I spoke to Bird. I think I understand.”
Halrac looked past Erin. He hesitated.
“I’ve met people like that. Adventurers, even. I didn’t realize Antinium had the same problem.”
The young woman slowly shook her head.
“Not a problem. Just different. Just…him. He still did a bad thing.”
“Yes.”
Halrac looked as if he were about to say something more, but he decided not to.
“I’m going to rest. I’ll return later today. The adventurers will rally at the dungeon at midday.”
“I’ll see you then. Halrac? Thank you.”
The [Scout] nodded, and left. Erin looked around. Bird was sitting in his chair. He’d stopped rocking, but he was staring down at his legs and he was still curled up. The pose was nearly exactly identical to the one Pawn had made. Erin saw Mrsha pad over to him, looking curious. She patted Bird’s leg with one paw as Apista buzzed away from Bird, still afraid of the Antinium. Mrsha patted Bird and then waved a paw at him. The Worker spoke without looking up.
“Go away. I am worthless.”
Mrsha stood up on two legs and waved her paws. Bird turned, refusing to look at her. He faced towards the fireplace, which was now full of dull embers.
“Leave me. I am not-Bird. I am bad-Bird.”
Unfortunately for him, Mrsha refused to go. She walked around to face Bird. He instantly turned away.
“Mm.”
She padded around his other side. Bird swiveled, making the same unhappy noise.
“Mm.”
