5.38
Page 16
Lyonette and Erin stared at the Worker and Mrsha. Erin sighed.
“I’m going to make Bird go to sleep. He’s tired and really upset now that he knows what he did wrong.”
The [Princess] nodded.
“I think we’re all tired…uh, what did Bird do wrong?”
And then Erin had to explain the confusing story all over again. Lyonette clapped her hands to her mouth and then stared at Bird with sympathy and anxiety. Lyonette lowered her voice.
“That’s…I don’t know what to say! He shot at Halrac? And he didn’t realize—do you think he’s getting worse, Erin? I mean, not worse, but he seems more Bird-ish now. Than he was before, I mean.”
Erin nodded slowly.
“I think that’s because Bird’s happier here. He’s always been this way I’ll bet. But he can be more free here than in the Hive. And that’s not a bad thing. Usually. Pawn told me that Bird used to make mistakes before he became Individual.”
“Got it. Well, if he knows not to shoot at people…I’ll take over. You and Bird get some sleep.”
As soon as she said that, Erin realized how tired she was. She yawned.
“Okay. I’ll…get a few hours. Gotta have breakfast soon. But I’ll…short nap.”
She staggered away, urging Bird up and making her way into her soft, warm bed in the kitchen. Then she realized Lyonette would be walking around her and decided to sleep in Lyonette’s room. After a while, a small Gnoll opened the door and stole Erin’s blankets. But she was warm so Erin slept peacefully.
 
—-
 
Night passed into day. The sun rose, and the rain let up a bit, so that a light rain fell while the sky lightened. For once, the inhabitants of Liscor could have done without the daylight. They shut their curtains and cursed the daylight—those of them that weren’t still out cold from sheer exhaustion.
Liscor had survived the second night of Raskghar. It had worn everyone out—even people who weren’t standing guard. The city was practically abandoned until around seven hours had passed since dawn, and after that people moved about grudgingly, yawning widely. The battlements were crewed by a smaller force of [Guardsmen], all of whom looked like they resented each second they stood at their posts.
When Erin woke up, she felt like she could have used another ten hours of sleep. But there was noise downstairs, so she got up, had a weird moment where she wondered where the hell she was, and then realized she was in Lyonette’s room. Erin headed towards the door and stopped. A giant bee was fanning itself on the door.
A giant insect was never pleasant to see, much less right upon waking. Apista had one benefit in that she was cuter than a cockroach, but Erin still gingerly shooed her away before opening the door and heading downstairs. And then it was work as usual. With a few twists.
“Big late breakfast, small lunch. We’re going into the dungeon and the last thing we need is to be crapping in corners. It’s really disgusting. Plus, it attracts monsters.”
Jelaqua’s first comment of the day earned her a slap on the back of the head from Moore.
“Don’t be foul. We’re eating.”
The light blow from the half-Giant sent Jelaqua’s head smacking into her plate of eggs. Erin blinked at the adventurers. Both teams were already up, although Pisces was drooling into his bowl and Ceria had to prop her head up with her arm as she ate.
“You’re going into the dungeon at midday?”
“That’s the plan.”
Jelaqua levered herself up and wiped egg from her face. Then she ate it.
“We’re pushing in hard against the Raskghar. Strike while we have daylight, and all that.”
