5.38
Page 24
Erin grabbed the Goblin and he twisted up to stare at her. He met her eyes and stared into her burning gaze. He tried to run again and screamed for different reasons than pain. He grabbed a dagger from his belt and slashed at her. A fist flying at his face was the last thing he saw for a while.
 
—-
 
“Looks quiet, don’t it?”
Ceria wished the Drake team would stop talking. It had been bad luck that Griffon Hunt and the Horns had taken the same route as a Drake team. But the first few twists and turns in the dungeon had been marked, so they had to share the corridor with a team of chatty Silver-rank Drakes before they could split up.
After working with Griffon Hunt for one day, Ceria already realized how stupid it was to talk in a dungeon where noise travelled so much further. She glared at the Drake, but he was undeterred.
“You’re the Horns, right? We’re the Tail of Xil. Silver-rank, like your team. This is our first dungeon dive. I hear your team’s been challenging this dungeon from the start, is that right?”
“We have experience. And we prefer to work silently. You never know what might happen.”
Ceria grated out the words. The Drake laughed.
“Yeah, that’s what all the Gold-ranks say. But even they chat sometimes! And we’re safe here, remember? We have these maps—”
He flourished the copy of the map from the first day’s expedition in his claws. It was a twisting maze of tunnels, but it did show clearly what areas had been explored and how many places there were left to check.
“—and we’re in known territory. What’s the harm in chatting?”
Ceria clamped her mouth shut. The Drake sighed. He turned to his partner, a female Drake with pinkish scales.
“Humans. I thought it was all tall tales about them, but they’re just as rude as they say, you know?”
His companion glared at the talkative Drake.
“That’s a half-Elf, thick wit.”
“A half-Elf? But she looks like regular Humans! I mean, sort-of.”
“You’re an idiot, Fess.”
Fess the Drake glowered. He strode ahead of his companions, stalking further down the corridor. Ceria wanted to call him back, but they were in safe territory and he was truly annoying. She could hear Fess talking loudly ahead of them as he stomped forwards.
“I’m just trying to be social! It’s not like I asked for our team to be assigned to a dungeon! I hate enclosed spaces, but we have to follow orders!”
“Shut up, Fess!”
The leader of the Tail of Xil’s team shouted at Fess as he strolled along with a pike propped on his shoulder. Fess turned unhappily.
“I just—”
The Drake took another step forwards and exploded. His body bulged and then overinflated like a burst flask. Ceria saw a red fountain, and felt something strike her in the face. She looked down and saw a chunk of scales and flesh fall from her cheek. The adventuring teams, the Tail of Xil, the Horns of Hammerad, and Griffon Hunt all froze.
“Fess?”
The pink-scaled Drake stared at the spot where Fess had been, stunned. The team leader made a choking sound. He stared at the innocuous spot on the ground.
“A trap? But how? We checked all the corridors!”
He took a step forwards but Halrac thrust him out of the way.
“Stand back!”
The [Scout] knelt, ignoring the gore staining the ground. He peered at the ground, then straightened. When he turned to the adventurers his gaze was sharp. And worried.
“Someone’s erased the markings for the trap. There’s paint residue, but it’s been scraped clean.”
“Sabotage? Who?”
“The Raskghar? We need to tell the other teams at once!”
The adventures broke out into a nervous babble. Halrac raised a hand and then pointed.
