5.38
Page 12
“Do you think you can control them? Get them where you need them to go? I’m not letting Mrsha and Lyonette back into the inn until they’re gone.”
The Hobs nodded. Erin hesitated, and then pointed.
“Bird. Sit there. Right there. Don’t go anywhere. Pawn?”
She waved at the Antinium standing at the back of the inn. Pawn looked up. He and the other Antinium were sitting together. They hadn’t done much after the first round of fighting, but it had been reassuring to have them here.
“Yes, Erin?”
“I’m going into Liscor. It should be safe. I’ll be back soon. Can you stay until then?”
“That is perfectly fine.”
“Thanks.”
 
—-
 
The night’s attack had been too easy. Too small in scale. That was Erin’s conclusion, though her brain was so addled with exhaustion that she couldn’t really think of anything else. But she knew what she knew. The Raskghar had attacked…but for a race of what should have been super-intelligent reverse werewolves, that had been a bad attack. It was probably a ruse of some kind.
Watch Captain Zevara was of the same opinion. Erin could hear her wearily addressing her men as dawn broke. Erin climbed the walls and heard Zevara shouting before she reached her.
“Those Raskghar knew we were ready. They’ll be back tomorrow night. And this time they’ll probably try something a lot bigger. Get as much as much sleep as you can today! We’re all on the night shift tomorrow!”
A stream of weary Gnolls and Drakes came down the steps. They blinked at Erin as she walked up past them, but everyone was too tired to ask silly questions. They were all dead on their feet. Erin bet that the city would be slumbering well into morning. Heck, she’d probably sleep until noon! But she had another task before she could rest.
“Psst, Zevara.”
The Watch Captain looked up as Erin sidled over to her. She glanced around.
“The walls are off-limits to civilians, Human. We are under curfew.”
“Oh. Oops.”
Erin hesitated. Zevara eyed her and sighed.
“Speak.”
The young woman nodded. She took a deep breath.
“I’ve got Goblins.”
“I noticed. One of your people shot arrows at my men.”
“That was Bird and Badarrow. Sorry about that. But we’ve got more Goblins. For, y’know, intelligence?”
Zevara stared at Erin. The young woman hesitated.
“Okay, and because I didn’t want to kill them. I’ll keep them in the basement, okay? And the Redfang—I mean, Headscratcher and the others will find a place for them sometime tomorrow. I mean, today. Soon.”
The Drake paused. She seemed to be wavering between shouting and resignation. Exhaustion and her sore throat won. She glared at Erin.
“I won’t stop you. But your inn is a possible threat. We’ll be watching both entrances to your inn. If one of those Goblins takes so much as a step into Liscor, they’ll be dead. The Hobs—we’re watching them too.”
“Thanks for caring.”
Erin made a face. She hadn’t expected anything more of Zevara. Actually, she’d expected a lot less. She supposed she should be grateful, actually. Another Watch Captain might have tried to kill the Goblins outright. She turned.
“I need to speak to Halrac. Is he up here?”
“Down the wall over there. He’s not in a good mood.”
“I don’t think he would be. Thanks.”
Erin walked off. Zevara called after her.
“Why are you doing this, Erin? To make friends with the Goblins? They tried to kill you.”
“The Redfang Warriors didn’t. They saved my life.”
The [Innkeeper] turned. Zevara shook her head.
“And that means you’ll try to save all the Goblins? They’re enemy combatants.”
“They don’t need to be. The Raskghar are using them like slaves.”
