5.38
Page 23
Forewarned by Erin, the Watch and Embria’s soldiers cut them off before they could launch another sneak attack and secure the wall. Erin felt another blast of air nearly throw her to the ground again, but the Raskghar with the staff was only trying to keep the archers from harrying the fleeing Raskghar.
“We got them! Alert the adventurers! They’ve got Raskghar coming down behind them!”
Zevara shouted at one of the Drakes. Olesm hauled Erin up.
“You okay?”
“I think so. I think—wait. Oh no.”
Erin looked around. Only now that the walls were safe did she have another thought. Erin grabbed Olesm.
“The inn! There’s no one there but Lyonette and Mrsha!”
Olesm paled. Zevara whirled. She roared.
“Get to the inn!”
She ran after Olesm with a squad of guardsmen at her back. But even Olesm wasn’t able to keep up with Erin who sprinted for the door to her inn. But by the time she got there it was too late.
 
—-
 
“Lyonette? Lyonette!”
The young woman was lying on the ground. Her head was bleeding. Erin rushed over to her. Lyonette sat up groggily. Her sword was bloody. Her wrist was broken.
“What—Erin?”
“Lyonette! Are you okay?”
“I’m fine. Fine.”
The young woman’s eyes didn’t quite focus on Erin. She stared around dizzily. Erin heard Zevara shouting orders to search and secure the inn. All of her attention was focused on Lyonette.
“What happened? Where’s Mrsha?”
The [Princess] blinked without looking at Erin.
“I’m fine. They broke through the door. I’m sorry, Erin. They weren’t after me. They were looking for something. They ignored me. Broke my wrist.”
Erin looked around. The common room was trashed. Chairs were upended, a table thrown over—the Raskghar had come in fast. She saw a small shape struggling to move. Apista was lying on the ground, two of her legs mangled. But there was no one else.
“Where’s Mrsha, Lyonette? Where’s Bird?”
“Mrsha? She’s…”
Lyonette looked around stupidly. Then her gaze focused.
“Mrsha? Mrsha!”
She screamed the word. Bird came down the stairs, looking confused. But no matter how much Lyonette screamed, Mrsha didn’t appear. She was gone. Erin shouted her name, running around the inn, throwing the basement trap door open, shifting the magic door to Celum and Pallass. Then she heard the shout of pain from outside and ran for the door, ignoring Zevara’s warning to wait.
Mrsha was not outside. The ground was muddied, and there was no Gnoll—or Raskghar in sight. But someone was out there. Erin saw a Cave Goblin lying on the ground near the water. He was screaming and clawing at a pair of metal jaws fastened to his left leg.
The Cave Goblin was screaming, his leg caught in one of the bear traps. He twisted as Erin approached, fingers scrabbling on the bloody metal. She stared at him, feeling sick. Then she grabbed him. He screamed and tried to bite. Erin head butted him and the Goblin went limp.
“Where did they go? Where did they go?”
The Goblin shook as Erin seized him. She raised a fist and he flinched. Erin hesitated, and then lowered her fist. Then she looked down at the bear trap. Her mind was numb, but she made it work. Mechanically, Erin spoke.
“Got to get that off your feet. Bone’s probably broken. Up to the inn with you. You’re going to answer all my questions there.”
The Goblin had been maddened with pain. He shrank and screamed as Erin grabbed the jaws of the bear trap. But the Human hauled the jaws open. The Cave Goblin jumped back as soon as his leg was clear. He turned to flee into the water, but too slowly.
