5.38
Page 17
“Be careful. I’m going to try and fortify my inn a little more. You haven’t seen the Redfangs, have you, Lyonette?”
The [Barmaid] paused as she rounded the tables with some butter and fresh bread.
“Rabbiteater came back an hour ago. Swam back, rather. He’s fishing outside. You want to see him?”
Erin nodded. She opened the door.
“Hey Rabbiteater! Let’s talk!”
The Goblin looked up. He was indeed fishing for food, but his idea of fishing was sticking an arm in the water and wiggling it about until a fish came for him and then grabbing it. He’d already caught two of the flat fishes. Erin shuddered as he offered them to her.
“No thank you. I don’t cook with those fishes. I have a bad history.”
Disappointed, Rabbiteater lowered the fish. Erin relented a bit.
“Okay, put them in the kitchen and I’ll see what I can do. I can always wear gloves or something.”
The Hob brightened and went into the kitchen. Erin motioned him to one side. None of the other Redfangs had returned since last night and the Cave Goblins they’d captured were gone too. She could sense the eyes of the adventurers on her. Erin lowered her voice.
“So? How’d it go? Was the place good like you thought?”
Rabbiteater nodded.
“And they didn’t give you any trouble?”
The Hob shrugged. He mimed thumping a few heads together. Erin winced.
“Okay. But you’re good? You sure?”
He nodded. Erin wavered. She wished she could ask him for details.
“Hey, I know I asked for one of you to come back and give me a status update, but wouldn’t it have made more sense to send Numbtongue to tell me what’s what?”
Rabbiteater shrugged apologetically. His expression made it clear that Numbtongue had been his first pick too, but the Hob had probably refused. He made a scowly face and them mimed shutting his lips tightly. Erin laughed.
“That’s true. Numbtongue would probably say about as much as you. Say, for a Goblin who hates talking so much, why is he called Numbtongue anyways? Wouldn’t…Closedmouth be more appropriate? Or Notongue?”
Rabbiteater shook his head. He bent and patted the air at about waist height, then mimed talking rapidly. He pulled out his tongue and bit it gently. Erin frowned, then grinned.
“Wait, when he was a child he talked so much he bit his tongue and couldn’t speak? That’s hilarious!”
Rabbiteater nodded, smiling hugely. The adventurers stared at Erin. Ceria closed her mouth full of food, swallowed, then spoke.
“Erin, how are you getting all of this?”
“What? Oh.”
Erin turned. She shrugged, much like the Goblins did as a catchall expression.
“It’s not hard, actually. Goblins don’t really need to speak most of the time. It’s all body language.”
Rabbiteater nodded. He mimed swimming through the air and then patted his belly. Erin nodded.
“Right, we’ve got food. You can take some back. Uh—it’ll be a lot. Should we do the special thing? No, wait, you don’t have any wood over there, do you? Okay, I guess we’ll just give you a boat or something. Are you sure it’s safe to go alone? Right, you have a magic cloak. But there’s a lot of water and I don’t think you can drown a Rock Crab. But then, what do I know?”
Rabbiteater frowned. He thought about it, and then agreed to come back with someone else. He left the inn as Erin looked around.
“Okay, I’m gonna make a trip into Celum. I don’t think most people in Liscor are awake. Lyonette? I leave the inn to you. Let’s get ready for a lunch rush.”
“Got it! Don’t worry about us over here. Drassi and two of her friends are coming in. Uh—Welfa and Imissi, I think.”
“Awesome. I’ll be back soon!”
