5.38
Page 13
“That doesn’t change the fact that they’re attacking Liscor. I’m not arguing with you. I’m too tired. But here’s something you should know. There was a battle at Dwarfhalls Rest. A mountain far north of here. Apparently the Humans led by that Lord Tyrion Veltras finally made a move against the Goblins. Both the Great Chieftain and the Goblin Lord.”
“Really? What happened?”
Zevara shrugged.
“Apparently, a huge army of Humans is in pursuit of the Goblin Lord’s forces. They’ve even hired Ellia Arcslinger, the Kingslayer, to slay the Goblin Lord. It’ll be public knowledge in a few hours. But the Goblins are on the run and by all accounts, Veltras has an army that outnumbers them.”
Erin whistled. Zevara glanced at her.
“That doesn’t bother you?”
She received a blank look in reply. Erin shook her head.
“There’s a big, bad army of Goblins up north. Got it. What does that have to do with the Goblins here? Goblins are not alike.”
“That’s not how Liscor’s citizens see it.”
Erin frowned.
“Well they won’t see the Goblins, then. Any of them.”
With that, she turned and marched away. Zevara stared at her and frowned at Erin’s inn, visible from the walls.
“What does that mean?”
Zevara didn’t know. But she had a bad feeling that it would mean trouble down the road. She watched Erin walk down the battlements to the [Scout] sitting in the rain.
 
—-
 
Halrac had unstrung his bow and stowed it away in his bag of holding. He was not in the mood for conversation, though. The piercing glare that he gave Erin as she walked towards him made her want to turn around. But she walked up to him determinedly. Erin didn’t beat around the bush.
“I want to apologize. For Bird, I mean.”
“You don’t have to apologize for anything.”
The [Scout] growled. He was watching the waters, though most of the Watch and all of the adventurers had gone. Erin bit her lip.
“I know. But I should explain.”
“Explain what? The Antinium nearly shot me through the chest.”
“I know! Don’t you think I’m upset! I can’t believe he did that! But—I can believe it too.”
Halrac glanced at Erin. She scrubbed her hands through her hair.
“How can I explain this? Halrac—I’m not making excuses for Bird. What he did was so bad! But he’s…well, he’s like a child. He doesn’t understand some things.”
“Like shooting people?”
The older man’s look told Erin he was losing patience fast. Erin shook her head.
“I think he didn’t expect the arrow to hurt you. Halrac, you’ve met Bird. You know he’s different. He saw Badarrow shooting at you and thought he should do the same. Only, he didn’t understand that Badarrow was shooting warning shots.”
“So he took his shot. I survived. What do you want me to do?”
“Come with me. So Bird can apologize. And before that, so you and I can explain what he did wrong.”
Halrac’s shoulders tensed. Erin took a quick breath.
“He doesn’t think he did anything bad, Halrac. He has to know. Just come with me. Please? Bird likes you. He admires you! That’s why he has to know just what he did.”
For a few minutes the [Scout] just sat there. Then, at last, he got up. Expressionlessly he nodded.
“Let’s go.”
Erin hurried down the battlements. Halrac followed after her. The two didn’t speak until they were heading down the stairs. At last, Halrac spoke.
“Are you going to explain what the Goblins were doing?”
“Headscratcher and the others? They were trying to save the Cave Goblins. Badarrow—he was trying to get you to stop killing the Goblins. Did you not realize that was what he was…?”
“I’m an adventurer. That’s my job. I’ve seen what Goblins can do.”
Halrac spoke flatly. Erin looked back at him.
