5.38
Page 3
“Yep! Want something to eat?”
“We’d love to. All this dungeon exploring has me ravenous. Too bad it wasn’t much action, at least on our end.”
“Really?”
Apparently not. As more adventurers walked through, Erin got a chance to talk to a few teams not immediately stuffing their faces. The dungeon had been quiet—unnaturally so. Aside from sporadic encounters with monsters, most teams had been mapping and finding traps. The fact that they’d already lost three adventurers made Erin’s heart sink, though.
“It happens. Especially with a dungeon this large and so many of us going in. The trap was a good one and the Crypt Lords encounter was just bad luck. Gekla Raiders got caught right up against a trap. They couldn’t run and they were too far away for another group to get to before they lost two of their own.”
“That’s horrible.”
Bevussa shrugged and flicked some water from her feathers.
“That’s adventuring. It’s all a risk. Speaking of which, why is this called Gambler’s Manicotti?”
“Ooh, well if you’re in a sporting mood…”
Erin grinned wickedly. Her spice-filled trap Manicotti had already claimed two Drakes and a Gnoll, who were frantically drinking while the other adventurers laughed at them. It was harmless fun, and that was what the tired adventurers needed most.
 
—-
 
The last groups to arrive at Liscor and The Wandering Inn were the Horns of Hammerad and Griffon Hunt. By the time the Horns of Hammerad reached the inn, it was well into evening. It had taken a while for them to get back. Mostly because of Ksmvr. Hauling him up through the water had been a challenge and a half, and the traumatized Antinium couldn’t stop screaming.
“Aaaaah! Aaaaah! Aaaaa—oh. We are not on the water any longer. That is good. Was I an asset to the team?”
The instant Ksmvr got onto dry land he was better. Ceria, Yvlon, and Pisces glared at him and the other adventurers unplugged their ears. The half-Elf opened her mouth and raised a finger, then decided against it.
“Let’s just tie the boats up. Halrac, Revi, Typhenous, do you want to eat in the inn?”
“We might as well since we’re here. We can finish our discussion there. So long as Ksmvr doesn’t scream my ears off.”
Revi grumbled as she sewed her ears back onto the side of her head. Ceria stared as Typhenous took over the needle. She knew other species had odd characteristics—she’d hung around Jelaqua long enough to know that—but this was weird even by Selphid standards. The Stitch-Girl grinned at Ceria.
“Don’t you wish you could do that?”
“I can do that. It’s just that my ears don’t work when I try it.”
That made Revi laugh. Griffon Hunt followed the Horns up the hill. The two teams were fairly amiable towards each other. The understanding they’d developed in the dungeon carried on outside, and soon they were sitting in the inn, warm and dry, with a hot plate of pasta in front of them. Ceria poked at her plate.
“Erin, did you have to make eating a game?”
“No, but it sells better if I do. Don’t worry! This plate of manicotti’s safe. Or is it?”
The [Innkeeper] waggled her eyebrows. Revi glared at her plate.
“I swear, if I eat a hot…whatever this is, I’m taking my tongue out and throwing it at Erin.”
“Don’t worry. None of these plates have spicy manicotti. I checked.”
Drassi moved past the table and gave the others a reassuring smile. Revi didn’t look convinced.
“She could just be saying that.”
Ceria shook her head.
“Drassi doesn’t ever lie, Revi. It’s actually the one amazing thing about her. That, and her ability to talk for nine hours straight without taking a breath.”
“Really?”
