5.39
Page 9
Mrsha backed against the back of her cage. The Raskghar bared his teeth at her, and then yelped as a hand pulled him back. Mrsha saw another Raskghar strike the first savagely and the Raskghar slunk away, growling. But he wasn’t the only one. The other Raskghar kept looking at her. Only Calruz’ order kept them from Mrsha.
Reluctantly, the other Raskghar moved away. The Gnolls stayed where they were, trying to tend to their injuries, beaten into silence. Mrsha sat up desperately. She wished she could do something! Anything! But the shackles were hard on her paws. She couldn’t move.
She didn’t have her wand. Lyonette was gone. Apista wasn’t here. She’d broken her legs. Mrsha had seen the Raskghar hit her out of the air. Erin had been gone. She might not even know where Mrsha was. Or she might be dead.
That was a terrible thought. Mrsha tried to take it back, but she couldn’t. She wiped her running nose on her arm. She tried very hard not to cry. If she did, the Raskghar might hit her too. She wouldn’t cry. Ceria was here. Ceria would rescue her. Or—or the other adventurers would. Halrac was strong. Moore was strong. They would find her. They would rescue her if she didn’t cry. Erin would come, or Jelaqua, or Pisces, or Ksmvr, or Ryoka, or Zel—
But Zel was dead. And Ryoka was gone. She’d gone far away. Mrsha curled up. She tried not to cry. But the hot tears that trickled from her eyes made her a liar. She hid her face and hoped this was all a dream. But when she slept and woke, she was still far below. And no one had saved her.
 
—-
 
Calruz. It was Calruz. It had always been Calruz. And in a way, it fit. The disaster had begun with the expedition into the crypt and it had never quite ended. Skinner had come, and Skinner had died. But the misery he had brought had festered. And now, half a year later, one of the very same adventurers who had entered the dungeon was behind the attacks on the city.
There was a horrible order to it. But Erin’s mind couldn’t focus on all of that. She was just thinking about Mrsha and Ceria. They were gone. The Raskghar had taken them. They were gone and Calruz was behind it all. She imagined the big Minotaur, remembered him showing her how to punch. That Calruz was responsible for this. Erin looked around at the adventurers conferring, the Cave Goblin tied to the chair, the grim look in Ilvriss’ eyes as he spoke to Zevara and Olesm and Embria.
All of this.
It was too much. Erin couldn’t take it in so she shut it out. She focused on the only thing she could think about right now. Mrsha. Ceria. They had to be found. Erin looked around at the crowd of worried people and saw a familiar face standing at the back. Lyonette stood, one hand wrapped up, white as a ghost, staring at nothing.
She was cradling Apista. The Ashfire Bee’s legs were wrapped up and they’d been healed with a bit of potion, but the [Princess] didn’t let the bee fly or perch on her shoulder. She had made a little sling and Apista lay in it, fluttering her wings now and then but not moving. Lyonette gently ran her fingers down the bee’s fuzzy body. She looked lost, pale. Her left hand was splinted. The healing potion had mended the bone, but it was still weak according to Pisces.
“Lyonette.”
The young woman didn’t look around the first time Erin called her name. Only when Erin touched her did she glance over. She looked lost. Erin hugged her with one arm.
“We’ll get her back. We’ll get them both back.”
“How?”
