5.39
Page 11
“Save Mrsha. Please? And Ceria. Tell me you can do it.”
She knew she shouldn’t have said that. But Halrac just grabbed Erin’s arm. He looked in her eyes and lied.
“We’ll find them.”
Then he was gone. Some of the other Gold-rank teams left just as fast. A good number of Silver-rank teams looked like Lyonette, uncertain if they were dreaming or having a nightmare. Erin breathed in and out heavily, and then looked around. Yvlon was standing at the center of a group of angry adventurers, trying to answer questions. Ksmvr was being ignored, and Pisces—
“Pisces!”
The [Necromancer] was walking towards the stairs. He turned as Erin called after him. Yvlon spotted him as well and shouted.
“Pisces! Come back here! We need to figure out what to do! Pisces!”
He turned his head and walked up the stairs. Yvlon fought free of the group of adventurers and raced after him.
“Pisces! Stop, damn it! We need to make a plan! We have to find Ceria—”
Pisces turned his head slowly. Yvlon stopped. The [Necromancer] had the blankest look on his face that Erin had ever seen. Anger, regret, sadness—none of it was reflected there. Yvlon let go of his arm. The [Necromancer] walked up the stairs and disappeared. Both Yvlon and Erin stared at his back.
“What was that? Is he insane? We need to prepare for the dungeon! We’ll go in with the others at dawn! Before that! Ksmvr, grab as many healing potions as you can—”
“Oh no you don’t. You’re banned from entering the dungeon.”
Yvlon spun. Falene, Dawil, and Ylawes were standing behind her. The half-Elf frowned at the stairs and then at Yvlon.
“What do you mean, I’m banned? Ceria is missing!”
Falene nodded.
“Which is precisely why you can’t be trusted in the dungeon. You’ll get yourself killed. Plus, your team’s understrength. You’ll stay right here.”
“Horseshit I will.”
The armored woman snapped. She put out her hand to brush Falene aside, but Ylawes caught it.
“Listen to Falene, sister.”
“Don’t try and stop me, Ylawes.”
“We’re doing this for your own good.”
Yvlon’s eyes narrowed. She made a fist at Falene.
“Try and stop me and I’ll tear your ears off. I’m going after Ceria.”
Dawil sighed. He grabbed his beard and tugged it unhappily.
“No you’re not, lass. And we’ll bind you in ropes and hex you until you can’t move if we have to.”
“You b—”
Erin saw a flash and covered her eyes. Ylawes grabbed Yvlon as she sagged. Dawil grunted as he lifted Yvlon’s legs.
“We’ll need to tie her down when she wakes up. I doubt she’ll want to listen to reason.”
Ylawes shook his head, looking troubled.
“She’ll understand once we explain it to her and she’s cooled down.”
The Dwarf looked up at the [Knight] and shook his head disapprovingly.
“You really don’t know your sister at all, do you? Miss Solstice, can you show us to her room?”
“Why are you stopping Yvlon? We need everyone going in after Mrsha and Ceria!”
Erin stared at the Silver Swords. Falene shook her head.
“Adventurers who rush in die. And this dungeon has shown us exactly how deadly it is. Our team will go in and support the other Gold-ranks. Naturally, we could do no less. But not Silver-rank teams.”
She sniffed. Erin stared at her, debated breaking Falene’s pretty half-Elven nose, and turned away before she did. She stormed past the adventurers, ignoring Ksmvr who was anxiously asking whether Yvlon was alright. Straight towards Olesm, Zevara, and Ilvriss. Zevara grimaced as Erin approached and turned.
“Miss Solstice.”
“How are you going to get Mrsha and Ceria back?”
The Watch Captain folded her arms.
