5.39
Page 3
“Insubordination! You do not touch her without my permission! You dare to injure her? You?”
He pummeled the Raskghar with his feet, striking him with a hammer blow from his good arm when the Raskghar tried to rise and fight back. For all of the Raskghar’s huge size, Calruz was still bigger. And clearly, stronger. He had always been strong, but Ceria thought he had gained some kind of Skill. Calruz turned from the bloody, whimpering body at last and turned to Ceria. The red madness in his eyes made her brace, but suddenly, Calruz was calm again. He strode over to her.
“Did that fool injure you? Let me see your head.”
The half-Elf flinched, but Calruz’ fingers were gentle as he inspected her head wound.
“Superficial cuts. A bit of healing potion will fix that.”
Then the Minotaur frowned and looked down.
“What happened to your hand?”
Ceria blinked up into Calruz’s face. He sounded…normal. Still a bit crazy, but more normal. She swallowed the bile in her throat and tried to respond.
“I uh, lost it when I used a spell to hold off the undead. The magical backlash froze all the skin off.”
“Dead gods. But your hand works! Is it magic? Some kind of spell?”
Calruz stared down at Ceria. She could see the Raskghar behind him trying to get up, keening silently in pain. He’d lost some of his teeth! The other Raskghar growled at him, mocking, but a Cave Goblin scurried forwards with a cloth in one hand. The Raskghar grabbed it and knocked the Cave Goblin back. Pain begat pain. Ceria focused on Calruz.
“My hand? No it’s—I think it’s a half-Elf thing.”
“That creature. That flesh monstrosity.”
Calruz growled. He opened and closed his left hand, breathing heavily. He turned away from Ceria.
“Do you know where it is? I’ve searched for a way back up to the crypt. I fell down a—a hole. But I cannot remember where it was. However, I am sure that this time we can fell the beast. The Raskghar have artifacts. I have a weapon myself that will do the job. How many undead remain, do you think?”
Again, Ceria had to remember what he was talking about. She shook her head.
“Undead? None. That thing—it was called Skinner, Calruz. Remember the poem on the wall? The people of Liscor killed it. And all the undead that came out of the crypt. Almost everyone in our expedition died. But Skinner—they killed him. It.”
This time, Calruz’ brows creased. He repeated her words slowly, as if trying to make sense of them.
“Slain? They slew it? That’s good. That is…all dead? All of them? You saw them? All of my Horns? Are they truly…?”
He looked at Ceria. She nodded slowly. The Minotaur stood very still, and then he sat. He covered his face with his hand.
“I see.”
Ceria took that moment to look around. The Raskghar were staring at her appraisingly. They didn’t look afraid—rather, they looked like predators eying up a main course. But they looked apprehensively at Calruz. Apprehensively, but with expectation as well. He was leading them! And Ceria saw too much intelligence in their eyes. She looked at Calruz. A bit of hope stirred in her chest.
“Calruz. Erin killed Skinner.”
The Minotaur gaped at her.
“The…[Innkeeper]? The Human female? With the skeleton? Yes. Yes, I remember her. She slew the monster? How?”
“Acid jars.”
Ceria watched Calruz’ expression change. Shock, indignation, and then—he laughed.
“Acid jars? Are you serious?”
She nodded. Calruz bellowed a laugh. He turned, made a fist, pounded his thigh. He laughed again.
“We should have bought everything she had! Acid jars? Truly? An [Innkeeper] did what four Silver-rank teams couldn’t? Acid jars?”
