5.39
Page 1
Calruz repeated himself. He reached out and grabbed Ceria’s shoulder. His hand was huge, rough. Warm. It squeezed Ceria and she felt a shock run through her. He was real after all. She wasn’t insane herself. She stared up at Calruz as he went on, eagerly, triumphantly.
“I knew one of my team had to be alive. All of our team couldn’t have fallen. But no matter how long I waited, you didn’t find your way down here. You must have…escaped the undead and that thing some other way. How many of the others made it? Gerial? Hunt? Sostrom? Barr? My Raskghar were only able to identify you by smell. If you tell me where the others are, I can send another raiding party to retrieve them.”
He gestured to the Raskghar moving about the large, cavernous room. Ceria opened her mouth, head spinning. Calruz shook his, sending his hair flying. Ceria saw a tiny black speck jump from his fur. He had fleas.
“Later, though. The damned Drakes must be on high-alert after our last raid. I would have captured three times as many Gnolls if they hadn’t discovered my elite team. Those fools must have given themselves away somehow.”
“They attacked the city? Again?”
For some reason that was the first thing Ceria focused on. Calruz turned, looking surprised.
“Of course! A day attack. I misled the Drakes into believing the Raskghar were only able to function at night. I hid a team armed with artifacts above. They were to attack and seize as many Gnolls as possible, but they were spotted somehow and forced to retreat. They returned with you and a few Gnolls, though. So their mission was not a complete failure. I spared them from punishment because they brought you. With you at my side, managing these savages will be far easier.”
He grinned at Ceria again, revealing a cracked tooth. Ceria stared at Calruz. Her mouth worked silently a few times. Then she just said it.
“No. What the hell are you doing, Calruz?”
The Minotaur blinked. He frowned at Ceria.
“Laying out our plan of attack, of course. We have a dungeon to conquer. Or have you forgotten our mission?”
“Our mission? That was months ago! We failed, Calruz! The undead killed everyone! Skinner—that thing in the crypts wiped out our team!”
The Minotaur had no whites of his eyes. Rather, they were yellowish and his pupils were dark brown. He paused and Ceria saw his gaze flick to her uncertainly.
“Nonsense. I’m sure they escaped. You did. They’re in hiding, no doubt. We took—casualties—yes. But they can’t all be—what about Gerial?”
“They’re dead, Calruz! They’re all dead!”
Ceria screamed up at Calruz. He looked shocked, and shook his head in denial. But Ceria couldn’t believe any lie. She had been there. She had seen it all. She remembered Gerial pushing her back, striding forwards towards Skinner. She remembered having to identify his remains. She remembered—she felt sick.
“What is this, Calruz? You’re working with Raskghar? They’ve been killing innocent people! And—and kidnapping Gnolls? Why? Let them go!”
Calruz’s confused look hardened.
“The Gnolls are my prisoners. I told you. The Raskghar are my—my tribe. My warriors. Yes, that’s what they are. I found them. Forged the isolated Raskghar camps together. They’ve expanded since I became their leader. We’ve conquered a good section of the dungeon.”
“You ambushed adventurers. Killed them!”
“Those fools? They knew what they were getting into.”
The Minotaur waved a hand dismissively. Ceria stared at him. Then she looked at the Gnolls.
“Let them go.”
“No.”
Calruz turned his head. He looked irritated.
