5.39
Page 2
“I brought you down here to rejoin my team, Springwalker. Not to question my orders!”
“Your orders? Your orders?”
Ceria laughed hysterically. This was unreal! She couldn’t believe it. She wanted to throw up. She pointed at Calruz. Her living hand trembled.
“You’re crazy! Working with monsters? Abducting innocent people? Where the hell were you, Calruz! We were searching for you! We left messages! Why didn’t you try to get out of here? Why did you—”
Calruz was shaking his head, more and more violently. He erupted.
“Enough! Don’t—don’t question me! You are my subordinate! You will obey me! I am your captain!”
Ceria stared up at him. Slowly, she shook her head.
“Not anymore. I lead the Horns of Hammerad now, Calruz. We made a new team. We were looking for you. I wish we’d found you dead rather than like this.”
He jerked. The yellow whites of Calruz’ eyes began to turn red. Ceria’s heart beat faster. She recognized that. That was a bad sign. He was losing his temper.
“You replaced me? Me? I was in the dungeon this entire time! I was fighting! For our honor! For our pride! How dare you question me! Enough talk! You will follow my command!”
“Oh yeah?”
Ceria’s ability to banter was nonexistent. But to an enraged Minotaur, even that was too much provocation. Calruz raised his arm and made a fist.
“Do not test me, Ceria. I tolerate no treachery. None! Stop talking about the Gnolls! Stop questioning my—stop talking!”
She almost laughed. Almost. Ceria remembered that Calruz had been just as bad at witty repartee as she had. She’d always gotten under his skin. This time though—Ceria’s mirth faded. She looked up at Calruz and shook her head. She raised her skeletal hand and raised her middle finger. She waved it in front of the bull man’s face.
“No.”
He roared and punched at her. Ceria ducked. She felt a rush of air over her head and scrambled away. She was suddenly aware of all the Raskghar in the room. Oh hell, she hadn’t thought this through at all! Ceria rolled as Calruz swiped for her and drew her belt knife.
Ceria didn’t have a plan. If she had to put the rush of blood and fear into a plan, it would be to defend herself, and then take Calruz prisoner, somehow get the Raskghar to release the Gnolls, and make a break for it. She slashed at his arm with her dagger. Wound him, get the knife to his throat—
Her blade struck Calruz’ arm with all of her weight behind it as he grabbed for her. Ceria felt the impact, and then heard a ping. She saw the tip of her dagger snap on Calruz’ arm. The piece of metal fell to the ground with a ringing sound. Calruz’ arm on the other hand was unharmed.
“Oh hell. That’s new.”
Ceria raised her skeletal hand. Calruz seized her by the throat and lifted her up. He roared, spraying her with spit.
“Submit!”
The half-Elf pointed at his face. Calruz cursed and threw her a second before the [Ice Spike] shot from her fingers. Ceria landed hard, tried to get up, and felt a huge paw grab her. She twisted and the Raskghar slammed her into the ground.
The world went black and red. Dizzily, Ceria squirmed and felt another blow to her head. Something—the Raskghar held Ceria down. She felt warm blood trickling down the side of her head. The Raskghar growled as he held Ceria. She heard Calruz roaring with fury and then striding over. A huge hand reached down—
And seized the Raskghar. The furry beast man had only a chance to yelp in surprise before Calruz threw the Raskghar to the ground. Then he began kicking the Raskghar. Ceria scrambled to one side.
