5.39
Page 18
Klbkch cut twice. His blade sheared into Ksmvr’s carapace both times. Klbkch yanked his blade away. It was green with blood. Ksmvr collapsed. The Revalantor studied him and kicked Ksmvr onto his back. He reached for his belt and produced a bottle. He uncorked it, poured the contents onto Ksmvr, and turned away.
“Take this failure out of the Hive and leave him on the streets.”
On the ground, Ksmvr could only stare up in shock. The cold pain to his insides had come and gone so suddenly he was still processing it. But he knew what had happened. He had failed. But still, as the Workers scurried forwards to reach him, he tried again.
“Please—”
He reached for Klbkch, not caring about pride. The Revalantor stepped away from him, not even deigning to look down. Ksmvr collapsed. He wept and shook without tears. He was a failure. A complete, utter—
“Anand, how many Soldiers have been assembled yet?”
The [Tactician] straightened.
“A full wave, Revalantor Klbkch. Ready to attack on your orders.”
Ksmvr froze. Klbkch nodded, satisfied. He turned back to Ksmvr and spoke casually.
“We are launching an attack on the dungeon. This has nothing to do with your request.”
“You’re attacking the dungeon?”
Klbkch seemed to contemplate whether Ksmvr deserved an answer. He nodded abruptly.
“Of course. Now is the opportune time. For the Hive’s ends. The monster influx has drastically reduced and the presence of both the Raskghar and adventurers have thinned the monster population.”
“Then allow me to help. I will fight. Please—”
“No. The Hive does not need you. Go back to your team and serve them instead.”
Klbkch turned away. The Workers hauled Ksmvr backwards. He stared at Klbkch’s back until it was out of sight. Ksmvr did not dare to hope. If Klbkch was pursuing the Hive’s objectives, he wouldn’t try to rescue Ceria or Mrsha. But Ksmvr hoped anyways. He had nothing left.
 
—-
 
When he was sure that Ksmvr was out of earshot, Klbkch turned back to Belgrade and Anand. He nodded as if nothing had happened.
“As I was saying. Belgrade. Your defenses are useful against the monsters. They will crumble against any kind of formation with a magic user in it. I want you to study Antinium pit traps and learn how to dig them efficiently.”
“Pit traps? Revalantor Klbkch? I mean, yes! What kind of pit traps?”
Belgrade started nervously. He was the more timid of the two. Anand, who was outspoken and far more assertive, stared at Klbkch and the trail of Ksmvr’s blood, clearly nonplussed. Klbkch ignored him.
“Antinium pit traps, Belgrade. It is unique to the Hive. A spiked pit trap or one that relies on gravity takes too long. Antinium pit traps were employed by the Hives during both Antinium Wars. A Soldier digs himself into the earth and waits for a target to pass above. With the correct timing and position, he will be able to slay most magic-users and lower-level officers.”
“I see. But wouldn’t that mean the Soldier—”
Belgrade paused. His mandibles pressed together, the Antinium version of a gulp. Klbkch nodded dispassionately.
“Naturally that Soldier would be sacrificed. Anand, I want you to attempt to create a better variety of bow for our Workers to use. Bird’s abilities would be invaluable to have. Our primitive bow designs have not been updated. Take a budget out of the Hive’s treasury and experiment with materials to create a cost-efficient bow and arrows.”
“Yes, Revalantor Klbkch.”
