5.39
Page 26
“Exactly. The adventurers will not find the Raskghar camp. They are too well hidden, too deep in the dungeon and I move the camp nightly between set locations. My expedition will not be set back.”
“Sounds like you’ve prepared for everything.”
Ceria’s sarcastic tone made Calruz raise his eyebrows.
“You disagree?”
“You’re underestimating the adventurers. There are Gold-rank teams. I know some of them. They won’t give up. And the dungeon won’t kill them.”
“That remains to be seen.”
Calruz snorted and turned back to his axe, clearly unimpressed. Ceria closed her eyes. Her hands were squeezed behind her back. She was still numb with horror, but she knew what she had to do. Silently, unnoticed by Calruz or anyone else, Ceria flicked her fingers. The tiny butterfly appeared. It was made of fire and light. Illusion magic. The only one she knew. It flickered between her fingers and then vanished.
If anyone had seen it, it would have looked like a failed spell. But it wasn’t. The butterfly flew—not to any spot around Ceria or in the dungeon—but to the one person to whom the spell was meant to find.
Sitting in his room in The Wandering Inn, Pisces ignored Yvlon’s screams of fury and the argument she was having with Ylawes. He ignored the rain falling overhead, ignored his hunger as he worked. The pile of bones sitting in front of him was enormous.
Bones flew up and rearranged themselves, forming shapes, bending, cracking, reshaping themselves as the [Necromancer] willed it. He stared at the creation in front of him, barely blinking. Sweat ran into his right eye. Pisces didn’t move. Only when he saw the flash of light and the tiny butterfly did he look up.
Pisces remembered. He remembered sitting in Wistram, talking with Ceria when they had still been the closest of friends. His mouth formed the words he’d spoken so long ago.
“Naturally, a [Message] spell is the height of folly in the Academy. Any competent student should understand that. The potential for interception by an older mage is beyond—”
“So what’s the solution, Pisces? Stop showing off your vocabulary. If we want to trade secrets, how do we do it without everyone knowing?”
“We create a spell, obviously.” 
“Uh huh. A new spell. All by ourselves. Hey, why don’t I carve a magic wand out of my sideboard while I’m at it?”
“Don’t be so hasty to disparage, Ceria. A simple illusion spell would do the trick. All we would have to do is, ah, customize it. Encode messages so that only we would understand what each spells says. Perhaps a cipher?”
“…Go on. And explain what a cipher is, first.”
Pisces smiled as the little butterfly landed on his finger, flashing a dizzying array of colors only he and Ceria would know to look for, much less interpret. It had taken them months, but in the end not even Calvaron could crack their code, and he had seen them using the spell countless times. It was a spell only they shared, a spell only they could read. Ceria didn’t actually know [Message]. She’d never bothered to learn. But this?
He could read the words she sent him, though the butterfly had to spell them out. The message repeated itself. Ceria had to form it before sending and then it played itself until it vanished. Pisces read the words.
Alive. I’m alive. Gnolls alive. Mrsha alive. Dungeon. Raskghar.
That was the first butterfly he’d seen. The second’s message was simpler.
Calruz. Enemy. Calruz. Chieftain.
“I know. I know.”
