5.39
Page 10
Erin had no reply. Lyonette stared at her and then turned. She was listening to a group of adventurers talk. The Gold-rank Captains were standing in a circle. Halrac, Jelaqua, Bevussa, Keldrass—they all looked worried. Some were still hurt. They’d had to fight their way out of the dungeon. There were a lot less adventurers in the inn. They’d all been attacked by monsters and Raskghar. Many were just resting from their injuries or exhaustion. Some were dead.
“We took a score of Silver-rank casualties and we lost a Gold-rank adventurer in the battle.”
“Rebat.”
“We’re lucky we didn’t lose a team. Those monsters were flooding the corridors! My team barely escaped—how did the Raskghar control them?”
“I saw them coming down with artifacts. They’re intelligent—maybe they had one that manipulates monsters?”
“There were hundreds of them. Hundreds! And they have artifacts of their own. How are we supposed to fight—”
“Wait them out? In four days they’ll lose their intelligence.”
“In four days every Gnoll they captured will be dead. I don’t understand that part. Why Gnolls? Vengeance? Food? Breeding—”
“Ancestors, no!”
“It’s a possibility. We have to hunt them down before then. But after what happened—”
“We can’t let Silver-ranks down there. Tekshia was right. This is a Gold-rank only. And we’ll struggle for every step. If there’s no safe time of day…”
“We’re going in. As soon as we replenish our potions and recharge our spells. No question of that.”
Jelaqua snapped. She was flushed, her dead-white skin slightly orange as her true body within manifested itself. Her claws trembled on her flail’s grip. An arrowhead had embedded itself in the Selphid’s body, right in the scales under her cheek, but she hadn’t pulled it out.
“So are we.”
Halrac folded his arms. His face was impassive, but Erin could feel emotion rolling off him, a hot torrent of fury and distress. The other Gold-rank Captains nodded, some dubiously.
“Of course, we’re contracted to go in. But we need a plan of attack.”
“You do. We don’t. I’m going in with my team at first light tomorrow. I’d go now, but Moore’s out of juice.”
“My team as well.”
Bevussa nodded. Keldrass spat a bit of flame from his mouth and nodded.
“The Flamewardens won’t run. We’ve taken this dungeon too lightly and paid for it. Tomorrow we’re going in. Our team will go scorched ground. Your teams will need to steer clear.”
“We’ll be using radical strategy too. Keep away from our team.”
Halrac turned. He strode away from the Gold-rank Captains, towards Revi and Typhenous. The Stitch-Girl was tending to the old [Mage], who had several scrapes on one arm. Halrac spoke sharply.
“Revi, Typhenous. We’re heading to our inn. Tomorrow at first light we’ll go in. We’re using the Griffin-kill strategy we used at Screaming Falls.”
Revi and Typhenous looked up, surprised. Revi hesitated, then nodded.
“I’m going to change up for tomorrow. The Screaming Falls strategy? Halrac, you know that last time we used it, we were banned—”
“We’re fighting Raskghar. Not Griffins. Typhenous, can you cast the spells?”
The old [Mage] grimaced.
“Give me a night’s rest and I will be.”
“Good. Erin.”
Halrac turned and strode over to Erin. The [Innkeeper] looked up blankly.
“What?”
“We need your defense food. The soup or the salad. Tomorrow before dawn. Can you have it ready?”
Erin’s felt a bit of normalcy enter the world. She nodded once, and then again.
“I can.”
“Have it ready to go.”
Halrac whirled and began to stride away. Erin called out after him.
“Halrac!”
He came back. Erin grabbed his arm.
