5.40
Page 2
It was hard for Yvlon to say whether she was angry at Pisces or not. Last night she’d been in a panic, and he’d been—what? After he’d threatened the Goblin, he’d gone up to his room. And his face! Yvlon remembered the blank expression. What was that about? She didn’t know.
Yvlon was still angry. She was still filled with panic and dread and confusion with everything she’d learned. Calruz was leading the Raskghar? And he had Ceria? If she stopped to think about it all she’d go mad. So she clung to her fury as the only thing keeping her going. But even she felt quite, quite stupid as she hopped out of her room and down the hall with Ksmvr guiding her. The broken bed and mattress kept falling apart with each hop, and Yvlon left a trail of broken wood and feathers in her wake.
“Pisces! Open up!”
The [Wounded Warrior] shouted as she reached Pisces’ door. Ksmvr knocked politely. There was no response. Yvlon growled and raised her voice even louder.
“Pisces! I know you’re in there! What are you doing? Ceria is down there! Calruz is down there! Open the damn door!”
No response. Ksmvr knocked politely again.
“I am here too, Comrade Pisces. Please open the door.”
“He’s not answering. ”
Yvlon tried to kick the door, but she couldn’t. Instead, she tilted forwards and head-butted the door with all of her weight behind it. The thump left her seeing stars. Yvlon fell onto the floor and stared up at the ceiling, still bound, as Ksmvr tried to get her up.
“Damn it, Pisces! I trusted you! Why the hell are you hiding away? We’re teammates! If we can’t rely on you, then what—”
The door opened. Pisces stepped forwards, his white robes swirling around him. He stared at Yvlon and Ksmvr. His eyes were bloodshot and he was unsteady on his feet. Dust swirled around him, white, as if he’d been baking with flour. He paused.
“What are you doing?”
Yvlon glared at Pisces. She heaved again, but she was still trussed up. The mattress spat out some feathers as Ksmvr tried to pull her up and failed.
“Falene bound me with a magic spell. I can’t get it off.”
“Ah. That would explain things.”
Pisces rubbed at one eye. He blinked down at Yvlon. He looked like he hadn’t slept one bit since last night. She stared up at him.
“Well? Where the hell have you been?”
“Preparing.”
“For what?”
Pisces looked at Yvlon as if she were an idiot.
“To rescue Ceria, of course. What have you been doing? Sleeping? Ksmvr, stop attempting to lift Yvlon. Let’s dispel her enchantment and enter the dungeon. Ceria is alive. She’s contacted me twice. Calruz has her. He’s leading the Raskghar, just as the Cave Goblin said.”
Yvlon and Ksmvr gaped at Pisces. He didn’t pay them any attention as he squatted to inspect the bindings on Yvlon. She spluttered and tried to form a coherent question.
“Wait, how do you know that, Pisces? You spoke to Ceria?”
“Not in words. She sent me a coded message via a spell we know. She only described her location as a large, domed room and told me that she was a captive. And that Calruz killed a Gnoll. Mrsha is alive. Beyond that, we must find her.”
He reached out and touched the magic bindings with one hand, frowning. Yvlon tried to digest all of that and then gave up.
“Okay. Get this off me and let’s go! Dispel the enchantment!”
“I don’t know [Dispel Magic].”
“Are you serious?”
Yvlon began to thrash about, screaming furiously. Pisces raised his voice.
“Stop shouting, Yvlon! The bindings should be easy to break. Just have Ksmvr use your sword.”
Ksmvr and Yvlon stared at Pisces. Yvlon protested indignantly.
“That won’t work!”
“Why not?”
The woman faltered.
