5.40
Page 3
“Because…they’re magic bindings?”
Pisces raised one eyebrow at Yvlon.
“Your sword is enchanted. The bonds shouldn’t be able to hold up to that much force. It’s only a Tier 4 spell, I believe.”
“But my sword has a weight enchantment on it. Not one that cuts magic!”
“And this magic is very physical. You’re wearing armor beneath all this, aren’t you? Then let Ksmvr cut at the bindings. Every enchantment has a limit to how much force it can take before breaking. I cannot imagine that Falene put that much energy into this spell.”
Pisces rose, dusting a feather off his robes. He stared disapprovingly at Ksmvr and Yvlon.
“Why didn’t you try that to begin with?”
Yvlon turned red. Ksmvr opened his mandibles and then decided not to speak. Silently, he went into Yvlon’s room and grabbed her sword. Pisces yawned as he listened to the dialogue between the two.
“Okay, cut right there.”
“Right here?”
“I can’t see. Cut right by my side. Can you hit me there? Do it gently, gently—gah!”
He heard a thump, and then the sound of a compressed mattress unspringing all at once. Clattering wood as it hit the ground—and then two solid footsteps. Pisces turned. Yvlon lifted her sword. She looked angry.
“I really need to visit the outhouse. Give me five minutes and then we go. I hope you spent last night well?”
“I was not tied to a bed and magically asleep if that’s what you are asking.”
Yvlon stared at Pisces and then walked past him. Ksmvr followed. Pisces brought up the rear. The three said only a few words as they trooped down the stairs, but they were the right words.
“The Gold-ranks won’t be happy to see us in the dungeon.”
“I couldn’t care less about their opinion. Actually, let me rephrase that statement. I do not care about their opinion whatsoever.”
“Captain Ceria is alive?”
“For now.”
“There’s lots of monsters in the dungeon. Traps.”
“I have a plan. And you?”
“I am ready to die to rescue Captain Ceria.”
“I think she’d rather you live instead. I’ll risk anything. We’re a team. And we’re not losing anyone else to the dungeon. Pisces?”
“I concur. Ksmvr?”
“This team is the reason for my life. Let’s go.”
They walked down the stairs. Pisces in front, Yvlon behind and Ksmvr bringing up the rear. Pisces stepped into the common room and looked around.
Several dozen heads turned. Adventurers were sitting around at their tables, many nursing drinks. Few looked like they were willing to talk—many were progressively getting drunk. They looked defeated.
Lyonette was serving tables. She looked lost. A Drake [Barmaid] was helping her—not Drassi—but she was more keeping an eye on Lyonette. The [Barmaid] looked like a ghost, as if she were dreaming.
A Drake stood as Pisces strode across the room. He had black scales and was short. Insill of Vuliel Drae gulped when Pisces stared at him. Other adventurers got to their feet. Anith, Dasha, Insill, Larr, Pekona—the five members of Vuliel Drae blocked Pisces’ way. Earlia of Gemhammer and Nailren of the Pride of Kelia and a few other Silver-rank Captains stood to one side, not with Vuliel Drae, but watching.
“Move aside.”
Pisces didn’t stop walking. He raised a hand to push Insill out of the way, but he stopped when Larr’s arm shot out. The Gnoll stared down at Pisces.
“You’re not leaving.”
“You’re going to stop us?”
Anith nodded.
“It’s nothing personal, Horns. But the Silver Swords charged us with keeping you here.”
His eyes flicked to Pisces and Ksmvr, making it obvious that they’d assumed it would only be Yvlon they’d have to stop. Yvlon grimaced and put a hand on her sword hilt.
