5.40
Page 12
“Then we go back for another group. There has to be one around here!”
Ylawes nodded. He strode past Jelaqua.
“I’ll support him.”
Seborn nodded. Ylawes grunted as he helped grab Moore. His head only came up to the half-Giant’s armpit. With Jelaqua, he helped Moore walk down the corridor. They passed by monster corpses, blasted to pieces, squashed, or battered to death. The Gold-rank teams had pushed into the dungeon with a vengeance. But they were losing steam. Jelaqua didn’t know how far they’d walked—it felt like hours to her exhausted mind—before they heard a shout.
“Halt! Who goes there?”
“Us!”
The counter phrase didn’t work as well on the Drake teams. There was a pause and then something appeared down the corridor. The Silver Swords and Halfseekers instinctively reached for their weapons, but it was Bevussa. The Garuda landed and shouted back the way they’d come.
“It’s the Halfseekers and Silver Swords! Get over here, I think the half-Giant’s wounded!”
“’M fine. Go after the Raskghar.”
Moore muttered. His face was pale. Despite the healing potion he was barely conscious from the blood loss and shock. Jelaqua saw more adventurers run forwards.
“We found Raskghar. We saw the ones that got Ceria! That way!”
She pointed back towards them. Bevussa’s eyes widened, but she shook her head after a second.
“We’ll see if we can pursue. But almost all of our teams are running low on supplies. And we’re trying to pull back another team.”
“Which one?”
“Griffon Hunt! They’ve pushed in even further than you have! Come on, let’s get the half-Giant to our rest spot. What’s his name?”
“Moore.”
“Hello.”
“Charmed. Come on big fellow. Hey, we need more claws over here!”
It took nearly a dozen adventurers to half-drag, half-carry Moore past the barricades. The Gold-rank teams had set up in the area below the dungeon’s rift. They hadn’t put much there—just a few crates of healing potions, a spot for adventurers to rest before attempting the journey to the surface—and a table where a Gold-rank Gnoll with levels in [Cartographer] was trying to make sense of the adventurer’s reports.
Jelaqua saw Moore to the rest site and made sure he was being looked over. Then she forced her stiff body over to where Bevussa was conferring with Keldrass. The Drake was sitting—he looked like he’d run out of energy to stand.
“They’re down the tunnel. My team caught up—but we can’t get them to come back.”
“Damn. We need to get them to return! Jelaqua, is it?”
Bevussa turned to Jelaqua. The Selphid nodded. The Garuda stretched out her arm wings.
“Your friends, Griffon Hunt, are going in way too far. There’s no one guarding their backs and we’re too tired to fight. You need to recall them.”
“We can try. But the Raskghar—”
Keldrass coughed a bit of smoke out.
“Another team’s on that. A group of teams. The Horns, Gemhammer, Kelia’s Pride—”
“The Horns?”
Ylawes strode over. He looked shocked.
“You let the Horns enter the dungeon? Are you insane? We have to go after them!”
“They were already down here when I returned! We didn’t stop them because they were ready to fight to get past us! There’s six Silver-rank teams plus the Horns heading towards the spot the Halfseekers mentioned. Plus, that [Necromancer] had…things with him. Bone Horrors. They’re not who I’m worried about.”
Keldrass snapped at Ylawes. The [Knight] opened his mouth and Bevussa cut him off.
“Both Griffon Hunt and the Horns are in the same spot. I’m taking one of my team and a few other Gold-ranks who can still move. We need to grab both teams.”
“But the Raskghar…”
