5.40
Page 7
The feet of the Garuda were talons. Bevussa’s were sharp and she’d trained her legs. Her claws went into the Stone Starer’s fleshy eye and drew blood. It screamed a muffled wailing sound, and fired a white beam at Bevussa. She twisted and dodged right, out of the way. Bevussa’s right hand came up and her shortsword stabbed, plunging hilt-deep into the Stone Starer’s eye.
“Captain!”
The second Stone Starer was aiming at Bevussa. She immediately let go of her blade and back flipped. As she did she flapped, flying all the way up to the ceiling. The second beam missed her and Bevussa extended her hand.
“Return!”
Her sword ripped loose of the Stone Starer. It collapsed as brown blood spurted from its front. Bevussa saw Issa and Zassil land on the second Stone Starer. Before it could target them, they stabbed at it with spear and sword. It collapsed, pooling blood.
“Everyone alright?”
Bevussa landed, panting, flicking blood from the tip of her sword. Her other three teammates landed around her. They were sweaty, and their wings were sore. Bevussa checked all of them.
“Issa, you got tagged by one of the beams.”
The Drake grimaced. She flexed a wing and showed Bevussa a hole in her side.
“It’s nothing. The thing shot through my armor is all.”
“That’s enchanted leather. It should’ve blocked that!”
Zassil muttered unhappily. Bevussa inspected the injury as Issa pulled out a healing potion.
“Looks like it blocked some of it, otherwise Issa would have a hole going right through her. Watch the armor, Issa. I don’t know if the enchantment’s broken. Let’s pull back.”
“I can still fight!”
Issa protested, but Bevussa shook her head.
“We’re tired. How many monster groups is this?”
“Six in the last two hours.”
Bevussa nodded.
“We’re tired and I’ve had to use one of my Skills. We need a break. Come on.”
She led the way back down the corridor. The Wings of Pallass followed, stepping around the corpse of a third Stone Starer and more monsters. Bevussa’s arm wings ached. She’d been fighting since dawn, and even with the high-quality stamina potion she’d downed, she felt worn.
“Who goes there?”
A sharp voice shouted as the Wings of Pallass walked back the way they’d come. Bevussa instantly halted and raised a hand.
“Wings of Pallass! That you, Essa?”
“Come forwards slowly!”
The Wings walked forwards and saw a barricade had been erected in the tunnel. A team of Drakes and two Gnolls were standing behind a pair of wooden barriers fronted with metal. They checked over the Wings of Pallass, one of the Drakes, Essa, staring at them through a pair of enchanted spectacles.
“You’re clean. Come on back.”
“How’s the fighting?”
“We’ve seen action. You nearly had a pair of Flesh Worms hit you from behind. We scared them off, but we’re running low on enchanted arrows.”
Bevussa nodded. The Garuda leaned against one wall.
“Don’t think we’ll be here too much longer. My team’s tired. Yours?”
“We’ve just been sitting here shooting at anything that moves. We can keep going. Head on back. There’s a rally point right where the rift begins.”
“Thanks.”
Bevussa motioned and her team followed them. Essa’s team, the Scaleguards, stayed put. They were watching one of the choke points to the dungeon. The Gold-rank adventurers had taken no chances this time. They’d committed over half their numbers to holding tunnels, making sure that they were secure while their attack groups went forwards.
