5.40
Page 1
“I cannot be a good part of the team, Yvlon. I will not be able to protect you or function as an adequate member of the Horns of Hammerad. I have failed our group twice now. I have no place here. I have been writing my letter of resignation.”
He looked down at his feet. Yvlon stared at him.
“Ksmvr, what are you talking about? You’re not a failure.”
The Antinium shook his head.
“I am. I am worthless. I went to Revalantor Klbkch for help, but I was unable to scratch him or persuade him to help me find Ceria. And it was my failure to stop the Raskghar that led to Captain Ceria’s abduction.”
“Don’t be ridiculous!”
Yvlon shouted. Ksmvr started. Yvlon’s face turned red as she heaved. She heard the bed crack, but the magical bindings did not.
“You—did—nothing—wrong! We were all there and we—failed—too! Damn! You went to see Klbkch? I got knocked out from a single spell by Falene! If you’re a failure, what does that make me? We both made mistakes, Ksmvr. But are you going to let Ceria die if no one else can find her? Are you her friend? Are you my teammate or not?”
Ksmvr stared at Yvlon. He looked down at his three hands, and then his shoulders straightened.
“Of course!”
He shook his entire body as Yvlon smiled in relief. Ksmvr strode over to the bed and paused.
“What should I do, Yvlon?”
“Uh…pull this magic rope stuff off me!”
Ksmvr obediently reached for one of the shining streamers of magic. He pulled at it, but it was so tightly wrapped around Yvlon that he could barely get a grip on it. And when he did pull, he only dragged the bed and Yvlon a few feet across the room with a dull screeching sound. Yvlon grimaced.
“This isn’t working. Break the bed.”
“But the bed is Miss Erin’s property.”
“I’ll pay for it! Just break the bed, Ksmvr! Hit me! Jump on top of the bed! Give it a good kick, I don’t care! I’ve got armor on!”
Ksmvr hesitated, but he eventually clambered on top of the bed and began leaping on it. Yvlon heard the wooden frame creak and groan and then snap. She yelped and Ksmvr waved his arms and fell backwards as the bed collapsed in a heap. Yvlon heard the wood snap and tried to sit up—only to find that the magical bands had constricted even tighter around her.
“Silver and steel! You have got to be kidding me!”
She wriggled and tried to move, only to find that now she was stuck to part of the broken bed and the mattress. And the infernal covers! Ksmvr crawled into Yvlon’s line of sight, shaking his head.
“I have hit my head. It appears that the spell still remains in effect, Comrade Yvlon.”
She glared at him. Ksmvr reached out and grabbed her with three arms.
“I will attempt to pull you up.”
The Antinium heaved and Yvlon felt her body rise. She was impressed—Ksmvr was lifting both her, her armor, and the bed. He grunted and she stumbled. She was on her feet! Wrapped up like a caterpillar, true, but she was upright! She tried to walk and found her feet were tied together. She could only hop.
“Dead gods, I am going to murder Falene and my brother.”
Yvlon gritted her teeth. Ksmvr tilted his head.
“I believe you are in no shape to take offensive action whatsoever, Yvlon. How will we dispel this magic?”
The Human woman took a deep breath.
“There’s only one way we can do it. Where’s Pisces?”
“In his room. He has not left. Nor has he responded to anyone’s attempts to open the door. It is locked.”
“Help me get there.”
