5.40
Page 11
The Selphid wobbled. Seborn grabbed her with his Human hand and let go with an oath. Her armor was still searing hot. Jelaqua caught herself.
“I’m fine, Seborn. The armor…took the hit. Powerful stuff. Glad I wore it. Come on…they’re getting away.”
She tried to turn. Seborn held her with his claw arm.
“You are not fine. Moore’s injured. We have to fall back.”
“No—that was the one! You saw it, Seborn! We have to follow—”
“If we chase it, we’ll die.”
The Drowned Man pulled at Jelaqua. She stumbled.
“But—”
She looked back at Moore. The half-Giant was sitting down. A red stain was spreading from his side. The stone spear had gone through his vine armor. Either the strike had been lucky or the Raskghar had found a gap. Jelaqua swore.
“Moore! Healing potion!”
“I’m trying. I’ll do it. You get the Raskghar.”
Moore mumbled as he gripped the spear. His hands were white. Jelaqua and Seborn rushed over to him.
“Get it out. We have to heal that wound.”
“Trying. I think the head’s spiked. Barbed.”
“Seborn, use one of your daggers. Cut it out. I’ll use the potion—”
Moore groaned as Seborn cut into his side, slicing the head of the barbed spear out. The half-Giant nearly screamed, but then he bit his arm rather than make a sound. Jelaqua poured an entire healing potion into the chunk of missing flesh and saw it begin to close. Seborn sat back, throwing aside the bloody spear. He looked at her. Jelaqua felt her body screaming, and knew he was right.
“We fall back. But we find another team and tell them what we saw, alright?”
“Agreed. Come on, Moore. We have to get to a safe spot.”
Neither Seborn nor Jelaqua could pull the half-Giant up, but they supported him as best they could. The Halfseekers stumbled back the way they’d come, until they heard a shout.
“Who goes?”
“Us!”
As passphrases went, it was simple, but Jelaqua’s voice was enough to assure the other team that they weren’t monsters masquerading as adventurers. She saw a group approaching them and a bobbing [Light] spell, then recognized the group of three.
“Moore!”
Falene exclaimed as the Silver Swords hurried down the tunnel. The three Gold-rank adventurers looked battered. Ylawes’ perfect armor was dirtied by blood and Falene’s face looked drawn. Dawil had a scratch on his cheek and the armor around his shoulder looked crumpled from an impact. They still looked a lot better than the Halfseekers.
“What happened?”
Ylawes pointed at Moore’s armor. Jelaqua rasped.
“Barbed spear. We pulled it out. Ran into a Raskghar group. Same ones that got Ceria.”
“Where?”
“Down the tunnel. Past a trap.”
The Silver Swords stared the way Jelaqua was pointing. Ylawes raised his shield and then checked himself. He turned towards Falene.
“Falene, how many spells can you cast?”
“I’m…I’m nearly out of mana, Ylawes. I’ve used as many potions as I dare.”
Falene wobbled on her feet. She was using her staff for support. Dawil grabbed his beard.
“And I’ve only one Skill left to use. We could be walking into an ambush.”
“That’s the team. I’m sure of it. We can go back as soon as we get Moore to a safe spot. He can’t fight.”
Jelaqua insisted stubbornly. Moore mumbled.
“Just leave me and follow.”
“No.”
All the adventurers said it at once. Moore was in no condition to do anything. If he passed out in the dungeon he’d be dead. Ylawes ran a finger through his hair. It was dirty with blood.
“I don’t know if we can follow right now. We’ve run into two Raskghar teams. Both groups were big. Thirty or more. We…barely fought off the first. The second we routed more easily, but they’re strong.”
