5.40
Page 15
“You’ll do no such thing. Your [Mages] are nearly dead and you’re tired. If you go after the Raskghar they’ll ambush you. There’s too many of them. We had to fight through a group of twenty. And if they’re sending out scouting teams that big, there must be hundreds or thousands of them, just like that Cave Goblin claimed.”
Bevussa folded her feathery arms. Halrac knew she was right. He bit his lip hard enough to draw blood and looked at Revi. She swayed.
“I can go.”
“No.”
Halrac said it and felt the energy leave his arms. He looked at Bevussa and the other adventurers.
“We’ll go back. What’s this about Silver-rank teams?”
“The Horns entered the dungeon. This idiot—”
Ylawes turned towards Keldrass. The Drake gave him an affronted look.
“—didn’t stop them. They went after the Raskghar that Jelaqua saw. We need to go after Yv—after them!”
Jelaqua nodded wearily.
“They can’t have gone far. There’s monsters everywhere. We’ll run after them, pull them out.”
Keldrass growled, eying Ylawes.
“They might have gone farther than you think. I told you, that [Necromancer] had Bone Horrors. At least six of them!”
Halrac’s face twisted. Bevussa nodded.
“All the more reason to grab them. They’ll be a huge target.”
“We need to get them fast.”
Revi bent as the others looked at her. She straightened, still looking pale.
“Bone Horrors probably suck mana way more than lesser undead. I can barely summon that many spirits and I’m an expert. Pisces won’t be able to maintain that many undead for long. He’s probably pushed himself too far. Idiot.”
No one paused to dwell on the hypocrisy of her statement. The Gold-rank adventurers turned. Bevussa looked at Halrac.
“Can your old [Mage] move or do we have to split our team?”
Typhenous frowned at her slightly cross-eyed.
“I…am quite able to keep up, you feathery young lady. Lead on!”
Halrac nodded. Bevussa hesitated, and then turned.
“Okay. We’re searching for the Horns! Follow me!”
They set off at a jog through the dungeon.
 
—-
 
“Dead gods.”
Issa muttered as she passed by another group of dead monsters. This one was a cluster of worms—ordinary earthworms, really—except that they were twice as long as she was and had barbs along their body. It was another group of monsters that Griffon Hunt had slain. She thought of the six corridors her team had killed and felt a bit embarrassed. The Oldblood Drake chanced a glance back at Halrac, Typhenous, and Revi. They were lagging behind the brisk pace the others had set, but they were still keeping up.
“They killed that many monsters? Are you sure they’re only a Gold-rank team, Bevussa?”
She leaned towards her Captain, Bevussa. The Garuda was someone Issa looked up to and admired greatly. Ironically, it was Issa who was tasked with pretending to be the captain of the Wings of Pallass in public. It just wouldn’t do for a Garuda to lead a team of Oldblood Drakes, no matter how much more qualified she was. Bevussa turned her head and regarded Halrac.
“They’re good. I’ll give them that. If there’s any team ideally suited for this dungeon, it’s probably theirs. That [Scout] especially. I’ve heard of his name. They call him Halrac the Grim.”
“He’s even got a title? He must be a Named Adventurer, or nearabouts!”
Bevussa nodded as she glanced ahead down the corridor.
“And apparently they lost a team member. One of the better Gold-rank teams. But it doesn’t surprise me they’re not Named Adventurers yet, or that Halrac isn’t.”
“Why’s that?”
“Look at the monsters they killed. That group.”
Bevussa pointed. Issa stared at several crumpled forms they passed.
