5.40
Page 19
As the other adventurers waited, they leaned against walls or even sat, too tired to maintain their guards. Yvlon tried to keep alert—they’d only fought for an hour, after all—but her arms were weary. She didn’t know how the Gold-ranks had lasted this long, stamina potions or not. The fighting had been relentless! She’d chopped through at least fifteen monsters with her blade alone.
As for Pisces’ Bone Horrors, they’d been scarily efficient. The one team of Raskghar that they’d run into had been slaughtered in minutes by the spider-thing, and the armored Bone Horror had been hit by a boulder and barely needed a few repairs from Pisces which he’d done on the spot. But the toll on Pisces had been immense. Yvlon leaned against the wall, breathing heavily. If they couldn’t find Ceria after all this—she paused as her ears picked something up, on the edge of hearing.
“What’s that sound?”
Everyone looked up. Yvlon frowned as she stared down the left corridor. Something was echoing down the corridor. Something…familiar. She straightened and looked at the others.
“What’s down there?”
Halrac got to his feet. He frowned ahead and motioned.
“Follow.”
The adventurers trooped down the corridor. They made it ten feet and Halrac inhaled. They froze, but he moved forwards. In a few seconds they saw what he had.
A dead Flesh Worm lay on the ground. It was very dead—blood had pooled and dried around it. It was not nearly as big as Skinner had been, and it had no layered armor of skin, but it was still terrifying, a red, serpentine worm monster with teeth and long feelers that could snatch away flesh. But it was dead. Someone had killed it.
The Flesh Worm’s hide was riddled with arrows. It had been shot over a hundred times, and as Yvlon walked forwards, she saw that its eyes—the two protruding bulbs that hung from the top of its head—had been shot off. The Flesh Worm lay on its side, curled up. And a few feet past it—
“Who did this?”
Bevussa stared at a pair of dead Stone Starers, their eyes shot through with an arrow each. Beyond them lay a group of maggots, riddled with arrows. And just past them—
At first, Yvlon nearly missed him. He was sitting against a wall, partially covered by the corpse of a Face-Eater Moth. He was so still that she mistook him for another corpse among the dead monsters surrounding him. Only when Bird began to sing did she spot him.
“No birds in the ground, no birds in the rain. No birds, no flying, only pain. Pain, pain, fly away. Come again another day. No birds underground, no flying here. Only Bird and pain and singing and—oh, hello Miss Yvlon.”
Bird was lying against the wall, covered by the Face-Eater Moth. His new bow sat beside him, propped up against a wall. A small hunting knife was in Bird’s hand and he had armed himself with three sharp rocks in his other three hands. He looked up at Yvlon as she stared at him.
“Bird?”
“That is me. Hello.”
Bird waved the knife-holding hand at Yvlon. He sounded cheerful, but there was a tension to his voice that Yvlon had never heard before. Bird shifted.
“I am trapped. I thought you were a monster coming to kill me. I cannot move. Can you help me move?”
Yvlon nodded. She turned and saw the adventurers were staring. Revi pointed dumbly at the Antinium.
“Is that Bird?”
“Hello.”
“How did he get here?”
“I walked in.”
“How—never mind that! Someone give me a hand!”
