5.40
Page 18
“You’ve got too many creations summoned! Look at the size of that thing! Get rid of them or you’ll burn yourself out!”
“I’m fine.”
Pisces’ eyelids flickered as he glared up at Revi. She glared back.
“You’re about to burn yourself out. You can’t sustain this! If you keep going you’ll injure yourself. Or die.”
The other adventurers turned to look at him, concerned. Yvlon wavered.
“Revi’s right, Pisces. We’ve been fighting over an hour and you haven’t slept. We can rest, try again in a bit.”
Pisces shook his head violently.
“I can keep going. I can—”
He faltered. Revi looked around, then made a fist. Before anyone could stop her, she punched Pisces in the side of the face.
It wasn’t a good punch. In fact, as punches went, it was more like being hit by a very soft rock. But it was enough. Pisces blinked, and then lost control.
One of the Bone Horrors took a step. The armored monster raised a foot and it broke apart. Bone scattered across the floor and the undead collapsed. Yvlon caught Pisces as he dropped.
“He’s out of mana. Someone give me another potion—”
“Don’t. He’s had too many already. He needs rest. Someone gather up those bones and let’s get him out of here. I’m nearly tapped myself.”
Revi wavered. Ksmvr lifted Pisces up.
“I can carry him, Miss Yvlon. Please take my buckler.”
He offered her a buckler which was surrounded by a shining force field. Yvlon shook her head.
“Deactivate it. You keep it, Ksmvr. I can’t fight with it as well. My arms are slower—I’ll use this.”
She lifted her sword in both hands. Ylawes frowned at her.
“You weren’t taught how to fight like that, Yv. A sword and shield is how the Byres family fights!”
“Shut up, Ylawes!”
Yvlon rounded on him. Ylawes opened his mouth to argue. Dawil clapped his hands together sharply. Everyone turned towards him. He frowned at Ylawes and Yvlon.
“Argue as much as you want, you two, but do it when we’re safe! While we’re all standing here braiding our beards, we’ve got monsters climbing up our arses! Back to the dungeon entrance!”
The adventurers looked at each other, but no one argued. They turned and followed the way the Silver-ranks had come. Only when they reached an intersection did Halrac turn.
“We have fresher adventurers. The Silver-rank can support me. I’ll head forwards with Jelaqua and pursue that armored Raskghar.”
“No, Halrac—”
Exasperated, Bevussa tried to argue with him. But the [Scout] was already heading down the corridor. Jelaqua and Seborn followed him. The other adventurers wavered for one second and then Keldrass, Yvlon, Dawil, Ylawes, Earlia, and a whole host of Silver-ranks followed. That left only a handful of adventurers behind and after they realized that, they followed too.
“We have injured here! And Pisces is unconscious!”
“Then head back. I want to find that armored Raskghar.”
“You’re going too far! We’ll all die if we go any further and get ambushed!”
Halrac ignored the truth of Bevussa’s statement. He checked his bow and poisoned arrow.
“We have to be close to the Raskghar. We must be.”
He strode down the corridor, past the spot where Jelaqua had stepped on the trap. Halrac rounded a corridor, barely pausing to check for traps. He reached another intersection and cursed.
“Which way?”
Halrac squinted at the ground, looking for fur, tracks, anything. He knelt, wobbled, and braced himself on the ground. Then he scanned the intersection. The adventurers came to a halt. Halrac bit his lip as he tried to make out clues. He was moving too fast and his mind was fuzzy. But they were close. They had to be.
