5.41
Page 22
Above, in the cave. Erin stared around. The sixty-odd Cave Goblins stared at her. She looked from face to face and recognized one.
“Pebblesnatch, right?”
The little Goblin jumped and tried to hide behind the others, who immediately abandoned her. She stared at Erin, clearly wary. Erin wondered why the Redfangs hadn’t taken her with them. Maybe because she was too young? Or she didn’t know the way as well as the others?
It was hard to tell how old any of the Goblins were. They were all small. Although, Erin noted that some were clearly more adult than Rags. She stared from face to face and felt—conflicted.
“The Redfang Warriors—the Hobs—are going into the dungeon. To fight the Raskghar. They’ll be back. You don’t go anywhere, understand?”
The Cave Goblin stared at Erin. She detected not a flicker of comprehension in their eyes. Not a bit of trust, either. Erin’s jaw clenched. She realized she was making fists at her side. She unclenched her hands—with effort.
It was hard. Very hard. Erin had preached understanding the Goblins, but the memory of finding Lyonette lying on the floor and shouting for Mrsha was fresh in her mind. And Ceria—she knew the Goblins weren’t the ones who’d ordered the kidnapping. That was Calruz. How could he?
But the Cave Goblins were part of it. And yet, they were slaves. Tools for the Raskghar. Erin knew that, but right now wasn’t the time her brain wanted to be reasonable. She was angry. She’d put all her hopes in the Redfang Warriors and the Gold-rank adventurers finding Mrsha and Ceria. But all these Goblins—
“Drassi.”
The Drake jumped. She was staring at the Goblins, wringing her claws together. Erin looked at her.
“Uh—yes Erin? What are we supposed to do? I mean, with them?”
Erin studied the Goblins. Having them run away would be a decidedly bad thing. She gritted her teeth and thought.
“I guess we’ve got to keep them here.”
The Goblins shifted uneasily at that. Drassi looked uneasy too.
“Keep them here? How?”
“I don’t know. Feed them? Make them sit around until the Hobs get back? I’ll think of something. I need you to go into Liscor. Or Celum. Grab more food. This is a lot of Goblins and I gave the Redfangs almost all of our ingredients. We’ll have adventurers in the inn tonight—I need to cook.”
The Drake hesitated.
“But Selys said—”
She wavered as Erin looked at her. The [Innkeeper] folded her arms.
“I’m not going into the dungeon. You saw what my crazy plan was.  I’ll be right here. Keeping an eye on the Goblins. But I need you to get food. Lyonette’s in no condition. And I am paying you.”
“Yeah, but—”
Drassi’s mouth shut as Erin stared pointedly at her. She looked around, but there was nothing for it.
“Right. I can go shopping. Uh, I’ll take coin out of the money stash. Okay?”
“Yup.”
The Drake backed away towards the door. The Goblins were staring at her and Erin. Drassi knew that Erin was friendly to the Goblins, but seeing so many still made her…nervous. Even after hearing Erin’s chess analogy.
“You’re sure you don’t want me to get someone to um, come through? Like a Silver-rank? Or a team, maybe?”
“Then they will run. Go on. I’ll be here.”
Erin practically shoved Drassi out the door. She waited until the magical door had deactivated, leaving only the stone cave wall behind. Then Erin looked around.
The Cave Goblins stared at her. Erin folded her arms. She glanced around the cave, wrinkled her nose at the dead Dropclaw Bats, and then walked over to the entrance to the cave. She stood in front of it, and eyed the Goblins.
“Well? Your move.”
