5.41
Page 12
She stared hopefully at the Redfangs. The Hobs exchanged a glance. For the first time they wondered if the Cave Goblins might try to get them killed. That seemed incredible—Goblins surely wouldn’t do that to other Goblins! At least, not unless their [Chieftains] ordered them to do battle. But maybe these Goblins were still obeying this Calruz? The Redfangs huddled up. The Cave Goblins tried to join the huddle but were waved back.
“Is trap?”
Headscratcher looked at Numbtongue. The Hob grimaced.
“Maybe. I’ll ask cunning questions.”
The Redfangs nodded. Numbtongue turned. He put on his most friendly smile and pointed to the wall.
“What’s behind that wall?”
The Cave Goblins scratched their heads and conferred. One answered for the others.
“Big long fall death room. And hidden death monster room. And secret down-down room. Is good passage if not die. We show?”
“Hidden death room?”
Numbtongue looked wary. The Goblins nodded.
“Invisible bad-bad things inside. Invisible monsters.”
Again, the Hobs looked at each other. This time they were worried. Invisible Shield Spiders? That sounded even worse. Numbtongue frowned and the Cave Goblins cringed.
“Bad route! Find us another one?”
The Cave Goblins looked panicked.
“Cannot! Behind is many-room traps. Unescape death! Trick death! Cannot go. This way only way!”
“Lies!”
Numbtongue raised a fist, hoping it were true. The Cave Goblins cowered, shielding their heads. Numbtongue hesitated, and Rabbiteater grabbed his arm. He signaled that he wanted to take over. Numbtongue nodded and Rabbiteater crouched. Of all the Hobs, he was best at making people smile. He gave the Cave Goblins a very friendly smile and they stopped shielding themselves.
“Only way? Through death-invisible room?”
They nodded. Rabbiteater pointed.
“What in there? Invisible monsters? Big crawly spiders?”
They paused, then shook their heads. The Cave Goblins frowned.
“Only invisible. No spiders. Big empty room. Long drop. And invisible monsters. And secret passage.”
Rabbiteater frowned. He looked back at the others. That didn’t seem like the room the adventurers had described. He frowned, but in the end he nodded.
“We go.”
It wasn’t like they had any choice. The Redfang Warriors glanced at each other, and then looked at the wall. They had to break a gap. Headscratcher lifted his shiny new sword and Shorthilt smacked him. He made it very plain that damaging the wonderful swords that Erin had given them would not be tolerated. Instead, he grabbed a broken piece of statue and began bashing it on the wall. The other Redfangs did likewise and the three Cave Goblins joined in.
The wall was sturdy, but it had been made rapidly and as a stopgap. It would fool a Shield Spider into thinking there was nothing but wall there, but a determined Goblin could scrape away the mortar and pull the bricks out. Which is what the Hobs did. They opened a hole in the wall large enough to squeeze through and found a blank, empty room on the other side.
A very large, suspiciously clean room, perfectly circular and without any doors on the other side. The Hobs stared at it as the Cave Goblins squeezed through the gap. One beckoned.
“IS good! Follow! No step further than here!”
