5.41
Page 3
“That was a lot of money you gave him. But he’ll probably earn even more from having a Gold-rank adventurer commission those flails. Jelaqua is going to go to his shop, isn’t she, Erin? I don’t lie to people. I told you that, right?”
“You did. And Jelaqua will. Good job, Drassi.”
Erin began striding down the street. The sun was still rising, but Erin moved so fast that Drassi had to jog to keep up.
“Thanks. Wait, what did I do?”
“You convinced that guy that I was telling the truth. Selys told me you were good with words.”
Drassi smiled.
“Well, I am a [Gossip]. Did I tell you how I got my class?”
“No. And you’re not telling it now.”
“Aw. Hey—why are we running around Celum before dawn anyways? What are these swords for?”
Erin turned her head.
“I’m not telling you.”
“Why not?”
“Because you’ll run and tell Selys exactly what I told you.”
Drassi hesitated.
“…No I won’t. Okay, yes I will. Darn, I can’t lie. How did you know that?”
Erin stared at a street sign and turned left, marching rapidly across the cobblestones which weren’t soaked with rain. As they would be in Liscor where it was raining at this moment.
“I saw you and Selys talking. You’re here to keep an eye on me, aren’t you? That’s also why Imissi’s staying the night at the inn, isn’t it? To make sure Lyonette doesn’t do anything crazy.”
“Um. Yes.”
Drassi cursed a bit inside. Then again, her volunteering to stay the night at Erin’s inn had been fairly obvious. She glanced at Erin.
“You’re not going to do anything crazy, are you? Because I promised Selys I’d stop you.”
Erin turned her head back. Her eyes were very serious. They’d lost her normal humor ever since Mrsha had been missing.
“If I did, could you stop me?”
The Drake nearly choked on her tongue. Her tail curled up anxiously, but Erin had already turned away.
“Come on. We need a bow and arrows.”
 
—-
 
A flotilla of boats rowed quickly across the lake that surrounded the city of Liscor. Gold-rank adventurers dropped into the water, watched by Zevara and the [Guardsmen] on the walls. At the same time, another boat rowed east. It was not crewed by typical adventurers. Nor was it headed towards the rift. Rather, it was moving steadily across the basin of water. Heading towards the edge, in fact.
During the rainy season in Liscor, travel was practically impossible. An assault with most armies was almost certainly unfeasible. It was one of the things that made Liscor so hard to assail. Consequently, only Couriers or the truly desperate would contemplate finding a boat and rowing across the entirety of the waters to reach the other side. But the journey was possible. Just not pleasant.
Hollowstone Deceivers, or as they were known to Erin, Rock Crabs, hunted in the rainy season. They were four times as deadly when they could hide underneath the water and ambush unsuspecting fish or people from beneath their shells. Other fish had also entered the ecosystem—Lurkersnatch Fish, the octopus-like fish who sported thick, black skin and had tentacles strong enough to crush heads. The obnoxious Quillfish who could put an eye out and cause damage in large numbers. Walker Carp, Bloat Bursters, Erin’s nemesis, the toothy and aggressive Flatfish…
Of course, a lot of the fish weren’t dangerous at all. But the ones that were made things tricky. So even Liscor’s best [Fishers] liked to stay within view of the walls. But one group had already crossed the lake by boat, braved the treacherous waters to reach the land and the road that headed north to Esthelm.
