5.42
Page 19
Calruz roared as he cut a path ahead. The Raskghar were falling—but only a few with each attack. They were too large and tough to go down to the infested, especially since the infested had nothing but tooth and claw. Things got trickier when they ran into the first patrol of enchanted armor.
“Twenty of them!”
“Take the infested! I’ll cut them down! Warriors, on me!”
The Minotaur bull rushed the first suit of armor. When he swung his axe, it bit into the animated metal knight’s chest plate. Calruz threw the animated armor to the ground and battered it with his axe as the Raskghar did likewise. The enchanted armor took longer to kill, but the Raskghar were up to the challenge. The real problem for Ceria and the other Raskghar was holding off the infested. After that battle, Calruz called a break.
“We’ve taken twenty percent casualties. And killed at least a thousand infested. Not bad. Your spells turn the tide.”
“I can’t keep casting spells. Even with mana potions.”
Ceria wiped sweat from her brow. Calruz nodded.
“I’m no fool. But we are nearly at our destination. Come, I want you to see this.”
He led Ceria down a wide street. There was a large plaza, reminiscent of Liscor’s central square. But in the center of this one—Ceria halted. Something had been erected in the center of the square, at the heart of a spiral of red tiles. A large monolith. And something had been carved onto the top of it.
Heads. Three, to be exact. Each one was grotesque. Each one was horrific. But it was the one facing Ceria that made her knees shake. She began to tremble uncontrollably until Calruz grabbed her. He held her.
“Steady. Steady.”
Ceria looked up at the stone face. It was stone. And the creature was dead. But to look at it was to remember. Skinner stared down at Ceria, his flesh mask grinning at her through empty eye sockets.
“Calruz. What is this?”
“A warning. The Raskghar found this when they explored the city. Long ago. The markings on the monolith are hard to read, but they uncovered a few words. It warns that this dungeon is protected by the…the Mother. The Mother of Graves.”
“The boss of the dungeon?”
“Exactly. The Raskghar have never seen her, but they read the rest of the monolith. It tells of three guardians of the crypts who serve her. Three. You know one.”
“Skinner.”
He stared down at her. Ceria remembered him reaching down, grabbing Gerial. Tearing—Calruz hugged her tightly to his chest.
“He is dead. You told me. If he was not, I would kill him. Calm, Ceria, calm.”
She clung to him. Ceria wrenched her eyes away from Skinner.
“The other two.”
The other two heads were facing outwards. Ceria saw a strange, headless torso with two gaping sockets. And another—a long, angular head and wide, wide eyes and a tongue that hung with apparently no mouth. She stared up at them in horror. Calruz looked grimly up at the two heads.
“Skinner. Snatcher. Stalker. They protect the dungeon in the name of the Mother of Graves. This city is their legacy, I think. They were…venerated by the people here. Until something changed. Now the city is a grave of the infested. But they remain.”
“Dead gods. Dead gods. Two more? Two more?”
Ceria shook, but clung to Calruz. His chest rumbled as he spoke.
“One more. And the Raskghar know it. I have seen him before. Snatcher.”
“Where?”
“The labyrinth. That is his home. The Raskghar call him—it—Facestealer. He is dangerous. Deadly. They have been unable to kill him. I have tried, but to no avail.”
That was the thing the Redfang Goblins mentioned. It had to be. Ceria looked around, terrified.
“Is he—do you think he’s—”
