5.42
Page 13
“Wait, Shield Spiders? And you don’t think that’s weird?”
“No. Maybe it’s an enchantment. Some room in the dungeon. Maybe it’s a curse.”
“Or maybe something’s up.”
Ceria’s mind raced as she stared at the insects. She looked at one and realized it was still alive. The Raskghar jumped as it oozed over and grabbed their weapons. The insect-creature flailed weakly with one of its remaining legs. Ceria held up a hand as Calruz turned with his axe.
“Hold on, I think I might know of a way to test this.”
 
—-
 
The Raskghar were blind to the invisible monsters, but they weren’t stupid. They could hear and smell and touch the creatures, and so when Calruz and Ceria and the water-gathering expedition returned, the Raskghar were already ready. Dozens of Raskghar aimed bows at the entrance and several Raskghar holding magical artifacts were standing at the ready—until they saw the Raskghar and Calruz. They stopped, sniffing the air, confused.
“Move aside. We have a monster.”
Calruz ordered the Raskghar. They made way, staring at the invisible, bloodied thing in the air. To them it must have looked like some strange ripple in the light, perhaps only visible through the bloodstains and the way the Raskghar held it. But Ceria could see the injured maggot-insect quite clearly.
It was nearly dead. The Raskghar would have happily beaten it the rest of the way to death, but as Ceria had pointed out to Calruz, the monster had to be alive for this to work. The instant it died, the corpse would be visible to everyone. But in life—
“There. Do you see it?”
Ceria approached the Gnolls for the first time. They recoiled as Calruz and the other Raskghar approached. Several stared with hatred and hostility at Ceria, but the rest glanced over her shoulder and gasped.
“Monster!”
They cried out in horror. The other Gnolls stared wildly at the thing the Raskghar held.
“What is it? Invisible?”
“No—it’s some kind of maggot and insect! Can you not see it?”
Astonished, the Gnolls looked at each other. Half—and Ceria noted it was the ones in the cages who’d arrived first—stared wide-eyed at the invisible monster. The rest could see it clearly.
“There. You see?”
Ceria turned to Calruz. The Minotaur snorted incredulously.
“They see it. But how?”
“I don’t know. But it’s not just me. There’s something different to the Gnolls in those cages, the ones who can’t see. Something’s happened to them. But what?”
“I will find out. You—dispose of that thing. And you—”
Calruz took one of the Raskghar to one side as the warriors happily dropped the dying maggot and kicked it to death. The Cave Goblins scurried forwards with butchering knives and Ceria’s stomach roiled as she imagined eating the thing. She glanced at the Gnolls in cages.
“I’m sorry. I’ll try to get you out.”
They stared at her, confused, angry. Ceria looked for Mrsha and saw her huddled in her cage. The poor little Gnoll couldn’t move, shackled as she was. One of the Gnolls edged up to the side of his cage and spoke urgently to Ceria.
“How do you know that monster? That Minotaur. Why is he doing this?”
Ceria wavered. She bent and whispered urgently.
“He’s my former team captain. He was lost on the expedition to Liscor’s crypt. He…took command of the Raskghar. He’s…lost it.”
The Gnolls’ ears quivered. The Gnoll in the cage stared at Ceria.
“Can you make him let us go?”
“I can try. What was that ritual?”
The Gnoll lowered her voice.
“Something dark. Something evil. We do not know. A [Shaman] from one of the plains tribes might. Get us out of here before it happens again.”
“I’ll—”
“Ceria!”
