5.42
Page 10
“One is? What are the other three? One’s a Face-Eater Moth nest and the other one’s Shield Spiders, right?”
“Correct. The last is fungus. Just fungus. Some of it moves, the rest is stationary. It’s sealed off. Good thing too. If it had a chance to spread, it would be deadly. Half the spores the Raskghar showed me are toxic. Some explode. Others…”
Calruz shook his head. Ceria paused.
“And the last one? Why’s one empty?”
The Minotaur hesitated.
“Something killed off whatever was inside. All of it.”
He let that sink in, and then turned.
“The camp’s being set up. I’ve a mind to replenish our water supplies before doing anything else. How much water do you have?”
Ceria held up her empty water flask and shook it. Calruz nodded.
“With me, then. We’ll gather water and return. It won’t be more than twenty minutes.”
He turned and called. Forty Raskghar loped over. Ceria frowned as she looked around. A bit of hope blossomed in her chest.
“Water? From where? The surface? Are we that near to the dungeon entrance?”
Her hopes were dashed as Calruz shook his head.
“No. There are multiple natural springs in the dungeon that provide clean water. We’ll go to one of them. You didn’t think the dungeon had no water supply for so many monsters, did you?”
“I hadn’t actually thought about it.”
Calruz snorted. He began striding away with the Raskghar. Ceria hurried after him.
“Oh come on. I’m not an expert at dungeons. You’re the Minotaur. I should have known you’d be an expert on labyrinths.”
“That is a stereotype of my people.”
“A true one, though, right? Didn’t you say there was a labyrinth in your homeland? A famous one?”
“…Come on. We’re wasting time.”
 
—-
 
The water flowed up from below. From some deep underground sea of water, apparently. The pool was so dark and deep that Ceria could barely see more than fifty feet down, even when she hurled a [Light] orb into the water. According to Calruz, the Raskghar had tried to explore the depths but never succeeded.
“They fish from this one. There are fish, apparently. Sometimes they’re a threat. It also means anything entering the water might not exit. So don’t get too close to the edge.”
“Got it.”
Ceria felt almost relaxed around Calruz. Not around the Raskghar, but she felt like he was a lot more…well, a lot more like himself now. She watched as the Raskghar filled the huge water skins with water, keeping an eye out for danger. If it was like this, if she took out the parts where they attacked Liscor and sacrificed Gnolls, she could admire Calruz. What if she could convince him not to sacrifice the Gnolls? Could she bring him back like that? Surely not. But if—
The room with the pool of water was a sloping basin with four entrances. The Raskghar clustered around their entrance, watching the other four. The first monster crawled into the room so slowly that Ceria didn’t notice them at first. Then she looked up and froze.
A group of huge bugs had entered the room. They had long, serrated legs and wings. Their bodies were armored plates of chitin and they had huge green eyes. On the tops of their bodies. On the bottom half they were maggots. The insects were half-emerged from their bodies, going through some kind of slow transformation. They were disgusting, to put it mildly.
And the Raskghar hadn’t raised the alarm. Ceria eyed them, but the not-Gnolls were working away without a care in the world. The insects must not have been dangerous, then. Ceria relaxed—until she saw one of the insect staring her way.
“Um. Calruz.”
The Minotaur was overseeing the water collection, impatiently. He glanced up at Ceria.
