5.42
Page 12
The maggot was oozing past Calruz. The Minotaur turned. The tip of his axe cut into the monster and it jerked in surprise. Calruz instantly brought his axe up.
“[Hammer Blow!]”
Ceria brought up another wall of ice just in time. The thump of the blow was less than she’d expected—because Calruz’s axe head sheared so perfectly through the insect. It split in half and the two pieces fell apart. Calruz grunted in satisfaction. He yanked his axe head up—it had split the floor of the dungeon—and then swung it at the monster’s corpse.
“[Gore Splash].”
The corpse exploded. Ceria saw a rain of body parts and blood fly across the room. She tried not to throw up. But the Skill Calruz had used was more than just decorative.
The blood covered the monsters and Raskghar alike. Suddenly, both sides could see each other because Ceria saw the movements of both the Raskghar and insects change. The insects realized they were outnumbered and tried to run. The Raskghar advanced and cut and hacked them apart.
When the battle was over, the spring of water was dark with yellow blood and body parts. The Raskghar didn’t seem to care. They bent and lapped from the water, washing the few wounds they’d picked up. Calruz wrinkled his nose. He smashed his axe on the wall and the Raskghar looked up.
“Boil the water! Savages! I told you, boil it first!”
He yanked one of the Raskghar back. Ceria, staring at the water, decided she wasn’t thirsty after all. She stepped back as the Raskghar filled their water skins with the bloody water and took a few deep breaths.
“Dead gods. What was that about?”
“I told you. Invisible monsters. They are a plague. But it seems you can see them. Incredible. This is a huge advantage.”
Calruz leaned on his axe, looking pleased. Ceria glanced at him.
“Say what? I have no idea why I could see those things and you couldn’t.”
“Why not? It must be your heritage as a half-Elf. You must be able to see through the [Invisibility] spells.”
The half-Elf frowned, doubting very much that was the case.
“I’ve never seen Pisces when he’s been invisible.”
“Well, maybe it’s a lesser invisibility spell.”
“A lesser invisibility spell? That would be [Chameleon Skin] or something like that. And I wouldn’t be able to see through that either. I told you, Calruz. Half-Elves resist enchantments placed on us. We don’t get magical eyes. That’s Gazers you’re thinking about.”
The Minotaur frowned as he cleaned his axe head in the water.
“Huh. But you clearly have some ability the Raskghar and I don’t. I’ve fought invisible monsters before. I never saw one.”
“I’ve never seen an invisible monster in the dungeon.”
“True.”
Ceria opened her mouth and flushed.
“Wait, I meant—I mean, my team haven’t even encountered one! Neither have any of the other adventurers, as far as I know.”
Calruz shook his head.
“You must have been lucky. They’re everywhere. They attack on sound—or if you run into them. It’s one of the reasons why an active guard has to be maintained on the camps at all times.”
“Wait, so there are lots of invisible monsters. But those insect-things didn’t spot you at all. They were only looking at me.”
That had been curious. Ceria frowned. So did Calruz. He glanced at the dead insects. Ceria did too.
“You can see them?”
“When they’re dead. These things are…ah, the changing maggots. They’re deadly when they reach maturity. But they seldom do in the dungeon. I’ve seen non-invisible groups of this kind of monster, come to think of it. The monsters that are invisible can be anything. Shield Spiders, Flesh Worms, Stone Starers…anything.”
