5.43
Page 15
“Too late to go back for it now. I do this with one hand, I guess.”
Ceria gritted her teeth. The dagger was all that mattered. What came after—well, maybe she’d get lucky and the Raskghar would declare her their new chieftain like they’d done for Calruz. More likely…
Caught up in her thoughts, Ceria didn’t realize one of the Raskghar had fallen back until a finger tapped her on the shoulder. Absently, Ceria looked sideways and froze.
The female awakened Raskghar, the original one, was walking by her. She’d moved without a sound. Now she loomed over Ceria, a hunched, furry shape with bright eyes peering at her in the darkness. Ceria felt fear seize her. The Raskghar leaned forwards. Her breath was rancid as she spoke.
“What are you?”
“What?”
Ceria fought the urge to step back. The Raskghar moved forwards even closer and sniffed. Ceria stepped back, suddenly sweating. Could she smell the ice dagger on Ceria? It was just ice, but maybe—
The Raskghar didn’t seem to notice Ceria’s concealed weapon. She sniffed again and then spoke a word.
“Half-Elf. Chieftain called you that. Half-Elf. What is Elf? Are there more like you above?”
Her eyes were too intelligent. Ceria gritted her teeth.
“That’s none of your business. You want to know what I am? Go ask Calruz.”
“Don’t want to ask him. I ask you. Tell me. You are Chieftain’s. Also Raskghar’s.”
The female leaned forwards, uttering a growl that ran down Ceria’s spine. She was very big and she showed Ceria her canines. She was trying to assert her dominance. Ceria gritted her teeth.
“Leave me alone.”
She raised her skeletal hand. Not to blast the Raskghar, but to freeze her nose off. The Raskghar caught Ceria’s hand in a flash. Her grip was like steel as Ceria fought. The half-Elf was afraid to try and freeze the female. The awakened Raskghar smiled at her.
“I will not hurt you. You are the Chieftain’s. His.”
She let go. Ceria yanked her hand back.
“Oh yeah? Do all the Raskghar mess with his…people? You seem pretty disloyal to him.”
The female Raskghar made a rumbling sound. Ceria thought it was a laugh. She raised her paws.
“Not disloyal. Only curious. We Raskghar need Chieftain Calruz. The Chieftain is smart. When the moons fall, the Raskghar need him. Who else can think then? Only Chieftain.”
She tilted her head, giving Ceria a toothy grin. Ceria stared at her. In that moment, the half-Elf realized something. Something important.
The Raskghar was lying. Intelligent she might be, but she hadn’t learned to control her expressions or body language yet. There was no need to in Raskghar society. But to Ceria’s eye, she could see the tells in the female Raskghar’s body. She was lying. But what had she said—
Ceria realized she was staring too long. She fumbled for a reply to conceal her realization.
“Oh yeah? Well…he needs me more. I’ll save the Gnolls, the rest of them. You won’t sacrifice any more of them!”
“Hrr. You can try.”
The female grinned at Ceria, clearly thinking little of the half-Elf’s threat. She ran ahead of Ceria, joining the Raskghar moving down the tunnel. Ceria stared at her back, and then swore a blue streak. She caught up to Calruz.
“Calruz.”
“Speak.”
The Minotaur looked perfectly at ease as he strode forwards. Ceria glanced up at him and then nodded as casually as she could to the female loping ahead of them.
“That Raskghar. The first one to perform the…ritual. What’s her name? Do the Raskghar have names?”
