5.43
Page 19
“So? They’ve been watching you. It’s not like they can’t figure things out. They learned to speak in, what, a day? Think they can’t copy you? And who do you think they want as a ruler? A grumpy Minotaur with one arm or one of their own?”
Calruz glanced at his stump of an arm. Then his eyes hardened. He snorted angrily.
“This is all just conjecture. If they dared—if they tried to challenge me—I’ve killed challengers before. The Raskghar are no match for me.”
“Sure you have. But have you fought an awakened Raskghar? With enchanted weapons? I bet you could still win against one. But how about twenty one?”
The Minotaur’s face froze. Ceria bared her teeth. Her arm was a knot of pain, but Calruz’s face was worth it. She could see suspicion and paranoia taking over. Madness.
“They’re planning it. That was what Nokha kept demanding more rituals. Of course! If they keep their powers…and they’re armed. With my artifacts. How could I have been so blind?”
“You need to let go of the Gnolls. The Raskghar will perform as many rituals as they can. Get rid of the awakened. No, just run. Run from the tribe. Go to Liscor. They’ll protect you.”
Calruz was nodding, but he stopped when Ceria suggested running. He growled and shook his head.
“Run? Unacceptable! I won’t run from these usurpers. They want my position? I will kill them. And you will help me. If they are more intelligent, then I only have to wait two more nights to see. And if they do challenge me—I will make an example. Yes. There are twenty one at the moment. Too many. But if I…”
He broke off, thinking, his brows furrowed. Ceria straightened.
“I’ll help you. I don’t want the Gnolls to die. And if I help you, you’ll let them go.”
“I should trust you? After you betrayed me twice?”
Calruz glanced at Ceria with a sane, sardonic look in his eyes. She grimaced.
“No, but do you have a better option? Besides, if I kill you, the Gnolls will die. This way I have a chance to save them.”
“True. True…very well. I agree. I’ll spare the Gnolls if you help me defeat these awakened.”
Calruz nodded decisively. Ceria felt a surge of hope in her chest.
“No more Gnoll sacrifices?”
“No more sacrifices. For now.”
The Minotaur straightened. He glanced at the golden chalice and kicked it aside.
“I must return to my tribe. Follow me. You and I have much to discuss about. Where the Raskghar can’t hear us.”
He gestured and Ceria walked after him. The Minotaur called out an order and the Raskghar on duty straightened. They looked surprised, but after Calruz barked, they jogged ahead of him, leaving the two behind. Calruz and Ceria looked at each other warily. Then they began to walk.
She’d been about to kill him. Ceria still felt the cold of the dagger in her hand. But this—this would do. She was relieved, really. She walked behind Calruz as he led her back towards the camp. After a few minutes, the Minotaur looked back at her.
“That was truly an imbecilic plan, by the way. Attacking me with an ice dagger? I have [Thick Skin] now. And you were always pathetic with edged weapons of any kind.”
“I could have cut you with that dagger. One good thrust to the throat and you’d be dead without a healing potion.”
“Perhaps. And what was your plan afterwards? Kill all the awakened Raskghar and my entire tribe by yourself? And how would that save the Gnolls?”
“I—shut up. I was only thinking about you. I was going to improvise.”
“Hmf. This is why Gerial and I never included you in the strategy meetings, you know.”
“Look how disappointed I am.”
