5.43
Page 28
Erill turned to the others. Mrsha lay back against her cell. She didn’t expect anything else, but then she heard a whisper.
“Thank you.”
“Our thanks.”
“Magic. White one, thank you.”
“Thank you. Mrsha.”
Erill looked at Mrsha. He lowered his head, looking ashamed. That made Mrsha’s tail wag just a bit. She’d forgotten the pain. Forgotten her situation. She had done it! She was saving the Gnolls! Over half were freed. And that just left the cage doors. And the cages weren’t that strong. The Raskghar had built them out of wood and hide—not precious metal. They could escape! If they had time, an opening.
And then Calruz returned. The Minotaur stomped into the Raskghar camp, looking more bad-tempered than usual. He snapped at the Raskghar and sent them scampering. Then he stared at the awakened.
“I have decided not to perform any sacrifices tonight.”
The Raskghar stared at him. They looked at Ceria, who was standing behind Calruz. The Gnolls looked up hopefully. Nokha, the female who seemed to lead the Raskghar, growled questioningly.
“Chieftain, why? Awakened are strong. Serve you. Why stop ritual?”
Calruz grunted.
“I will reward those I deem worthy. In my time. It is my decision.”
“But—”
The Minotaur rounded on Nokha.
“My decision! Or do you question my orders?”
Mrsha, staring out of her cage, wondered if Nokha would. Her ears flattened and the other awakened tensed ever-so-slightly. But then Nokha bowed her head.
“No Chieftain, of course not.”
That was a lie. Mrsha smelled it. And she could see that the Minotaur knew it too. And the Raskghar knew that the Minotaur knew. They glanced at each other and Mrsha felt the unspoken danger in the air as the Raskghar glanced at Ceria. The Gnolls did too and grew very still. All of them were thinking the same thing as Mrsha. Let it not be today. If it was tomorrow, it didn’t matter. The Gnolls would run and they would be safe. If it was tomorrow—
“I want to see your awakened fight. If they perform well, I may, may perform the ritual. But we shall see. Prepare yourselves. We enter the city.”
“The city, Chieftain?”
Nokha clearly didn’t like that. She flicked her gaze to the others uncertainly.
“City is dangerous. City is—”
“These are my orders. Prepare!”
Calruz growled at the Raskghar. The awakened hesitated. One flicked his ear at Nokha. She was staring at Calruz and at Ceria, her eyes narrowed. She didn’t move right away.
“I said, prepare. Are you deaf? Or blind?”
The Minotaur’s eyes started to turn red. He raised his arm and the awakened and all the Raskghar in the room tensed. Mrsha saw Ceria’s eyes go wide. If he struck Nokha—
Goblins, Gnolls, and Raskghar held their breath as Calruz’s fist rose. Nokha was snarling, waiting for the blow to fall. Calruz raised his arm high, looking past Nokha, at the Raskghar behind her. His hand hovered near his head, a fist. Near the handle of his axe. He paused—
And then slowly, lowered his hand. Nokha looked up, surprised. Then she saw the look on Calruz’s face.
Fear. The Minotaur was not furious. The red in his eyes slowly faded. His arm lowered and he stared past Nokha. Past the Raskghar. At an entrance to the camp. At something poking out around the doorway. Slowly, all of the Raskghar turned. And they froze too.
A head stared into the Raskghar camp. A head. On a stick. A little Cave Goblin’s head stared blankly at the assembled Raskghar and Calruz. Mrsha, staring at it, felt her hair stand on end.
“What is that?”
Ceria’s whisper was completely audible throughout the camp. Calruz backed up slowly. He whispered.
“Facestealer. Snatcher.”
