5.43
Page 4
“Come on. We’ll go together. And then we’ll come back. Or go to your inn. Any inn or tavern, really. You need drinks in you. Forget about the dungeon. I was angry. Has your team ever lost someone before?”
“No—no, we’ve been lucky. Really lucky. I mean, we’ve had wounded, but never this.”
“And your team’s new?”
The Drake nodded.
“We just hit Gold-rank last year.”
“I get it. Come on. Let’s find your team. You need to be there for them. What’s your name, kid?”
“Xess.”
“Come on, Xess—”
She left through the door to Liscor with the Drake. Her departure was noted. When Xess had left, one of the Drakes in Bevussa’s team, Zassil, sat up.
“If they hadn’t screwed up the ambush—”
Fast as a whip, Bevussa turned and slapped him across the back of the head. The captain of the Wings of Pallass hissed at Zassil, forgetting that she wasn’t supposed to be the captain in public.
“Shut up! They just lost one of their own! Show some respect!”
“He is right, though. If we hadn’t been compromised, we could have trapped the Raskghar. Instead, we lost a Gold-rank and they’re gone. Not good. Our one chance of saving our kin is gone. That cannot be ignored, no.”
One of the Gnoll adventurers spoke up. No one could contradict him. But Dawil, sitting and drinking his sixth mug, looked up.
“That’s true. But supposing everything did go according to plan, I’m not sure it would’ve gone the way we planned. We knew there were lots of Raskghar, but the ones with artifacts changed things. Not to mention—did anyone see the special Raskghar? Or was it just me?”
“We saw her. The quick one? The one that got Cassa? She was different. And those Raskghar with artifacts. That’s a Gold-rank threat. If we’d had to cut them down—”
“It’s the ritual. The one Ceria told us about.”
Yvlon spoke up. She looked around at the others. One of the Drakes coughed.
“The ritual? The one that involves sacrificing—”
He paused and glanced at his Gnoll teammate.
“—How could that work?”
“I don’t know. But Ceria said the Raskghar performed a ritual.”
“With your weird message spell. To the [Necromancer].”
All eyes turned towards Pisces. Keldrass frowned at the young man. He was staring blankly at his cupped hands, leaning back in his chair.
“I don’t trust it. Why can’t she use [Message]?”
“She doesn’t know it.”
The [Necromancer] replied absently. Keldrass paused.
“She couldn’t give us detailed information on the camp. Or tell us any important information. We got the location of the camp from Goblins.”
“She’s a prisoner. Being watched. The spell is noticeable.”
“Still—what does the ritual do? Why sacrifice Gnolls?”
Pisces looked up at last.
“It makes them stronger. All other aspects are irrelevant. It makes the Raskghar stronger, which is why they desire the Gnolls. Is that simple enough for you, fool? You saw what that one did.”
The Drake flushed and clenched his fist, but he shut his mouth. Pisces looked around at the others. He opened his hands. A flaming butterfly flew upwards.
“She sent me a message.”
“What? Why didn’t you tell—”
“I was decoding it. Shut up. Sit down.”
Keldrass hesitated. Pisces ignored him. He spoke softly, but no one was making any sound.
“She’s still alive. But—she says we ruined everything. I don’t know what that means. She says the Raskghar escaped. That Calruz suspects treachery. Not in so many words. And she says—he ordered the Raskghar to perform the ritual with twenty more of the Gnoll captives.”
He looked up. The Gold-rank adventurers sat, frozen in their chairs. Pisces gazed around the room and found the figure holding a pitcher near the back. He met Lyonette’s eyes.
