5.43
Page 21
The Cave Goblins looked at each other and parted reluctantly. Pisces saw a familiar shape sitting on the ground, playing on a chess board. Erin didn’t look up as he approached. She had an audience. All the Goblins not eating and a good deal of them that were sat around her, watching as she played a game of chess against herself on the magical chessboard.
It was an impressive display. Pisces saw Erin’s hands moving rapidly and realized she was playing at a level beyond him, hard as that was to admit. He hurried to her side.
“Erin. Ceria contacted me. The Raskghar are intending to revolt. The ritual makes them too intelligent—they don’t need Calruz anymore. She will ally with him. We have time—I doubt he intends to create more Raskghar who could overthrow him. But they might rebel soon and if they succeed, both she and the Gnolls die.”
“Rebelling Raskghar? Got it.”
Erin glanced up from her chessboard at Pisces and then looked down. He stared at her.
“Well?”
She looked back up.
“Well, what?”
“We have to do something!”
“I agree. But without a plan to beat the Raskghar, we’re still stuck. Ceria’s still in trouble and so are the Gnolls. Do you have a plan for that?”
Pisces did not. But he had never let that stop him before. He sniffed and drew himself up to his full height, his mind racing for answers.
“We failed last time to defeat the Raskghar. But the plan was not wholly unsound. We must try again. If we could track the Raskghar—or the Goblins could find their camp—”
“They’re going to find it.”
“They are?”
“That’s what they said. They’ll report back before night if they succeed.”
Pisces wavered. He stared at Erin. Why was she still playing chess here?
“Then—that’s excellent news! We must inform the other adventurers!”
“They won’t go for it.”
“Why ever not?”
“They failed last time. And now there are more super-Raskghar. We need a new plan, Pisces. That’s why I’m thinking on it.”
“By playing chess. In a cave full of Goblins.”
“Yup. Helps me think. What are you doing?”
Pisces was thinking. His mind raced as he stared at Erin. The Goblins could find the Raskghar camp again. Well, that was incredible! If they could launch another attack—he tried to imagine the Gold-rank teams fighting another battle. That was the problem, wasn’t it?
“There must be a way to oust the Raskghar or defeat them without a frontal assault.”
“Yup.”
“Relying on brute force was a mistake. We should have employed a better tactic.”
“Are you going to keep stating the obvious?”
“The Goblins know where the Raskghar camp is?”
“They can find it. And if they can find it, we need to figure out how to get the Gnolls. That’s why I’m here. And you’re distracting me.”
Erin stared at her chess board. Her brow furrowed. She was relentlessly assaulting the white side’s pieces with the black side’s pawns.
“The thing is I’m no [Strategist]. The thing is that chess isn’t like real life. I keep telling people that. I don’t know why it would help level up a [Strategist]. I think the system’s weird like that. Anyways…chess is all about assaulting enemy formations. Trouble is, you can’t ever win or get to the king in one move. You always have to make the enemy open up their formation. Best you can do is win in two moves. But the enemy has to give you that opening. What’s the opening for the Raskghar? Any ideas?”
