5.43
Page 3
The Antinium surged to their feet. The Soldiers readied themselves—and paused. The adventurers walked through the door slowly, without any of the sounds of combat Erin had been told to expect. She saw one of them—a Garuda with bright green feathers and a pink pattern running down her sides.
Bevussa looked up at Erin and shook her head as she walked forwards. She made way and Erin saw a group of five Drakes walk through the door. They were holding a body whose face was covered with a piece of bloodied cloth.
“Oh no.”
Lyonette was on her feet too. She started for the door, but Erin held her back. Both young women kept staring at the magical door, hoping, praying—but knowing the truth. No Gnolls came through the door. Or Ceria. The last person to walk through was Pisces. He closed the door behind him, plucked the white mana stone off and threw it to the floor. Then he stomped on it, shattering the glowing gemstone into dust.
No one commented on that. The adventurers looked at each other, not quite daring to look at Lyonette’s face. Erin felt like hers was a mask. She stared at the door.
“It’s gone?”
“My Bone Horror broke it. Destroyed the connection. It was then destroyed. By monsters.”
Pisces’ voice rasped. He too looked like a stranger, haggard, distraught. Halrac nodded quietly.
“We couldn’t stay.”
“I know that. But we shouldn’t have come back like this. We had everything this time. Everything! Why did we fail? Who was seen?”
Jelaqua looked around. None of the adventurers answered. The Selphid cursed. Her body was still aflame. She brought her arms down on a table.
“Fuck!”
The wood splintered. Erin didn’t care. Jelaqua threw the pieces of the table aside and looked around. Her gaze was despairing.
“What do we do now?”
 
—-
 
The Gold-ranks didn’t eat. Some drank enough for five meals, but no one wanted food. They talked, quietly, and then with growing passion. More than one tankard was broken, and more than one table as adventurers pounded on the wood. Jelaqua looked up as a Drake wearing lamellar armor walked over. He had a scratch on his arm, and he had carried a buckler and blade with a curved tip—a falchion during the battle.
“Miss Ivirith. I wanted to apologize. It was our team that messed up the ambush. We were getting in position when we ran across a group of Raskghar scouts. We didn’t get them all in time.”
Jelaqua looked up. The Selphid took in the Drake’s expression and connected him with the body that had been brought through.
“Your team’s…Reldiev Scalers, yeah?”
“That’s correct.”
“I don’t think you need to apologize to me. You lost one of yours to that Raskghar bitch, didn’t you?”
“That’s right. We were trying to get inside the camp. Cassa went too far ahead of the others. I guess that’s two failures. I’m truly sorry about this.”
The Gold-rank Captain’s scales were pale around his face. Almost as pale as Jelaqua’s. The Selphid stood up.
“You don’t have to apologize. Come on. You need some air. Where’s…Cassa?”
The Drake looked around.
“I—in Liscor. We need to prepare her body. Remove the armor. Notify her kin. I should find my team.”
The Selphid laid a hand on his shoulder.
“Not just yet. In fact, you should bring them back here. Liscor’s [Healer] will take care of the body. You shouldn’t have to do that.”
“But I’m her Captain. And she—”
The Drake looked lost. Jelaqua looked around and met Seborn’s eyes. He nodded. Moore was sitting by his side, staring emptily at a table. Jelaqua put an arm around the Drake’s shoulder. He flinched, but the Selphid was gentle.
