5.44
Page 15
His griping went unheard by the other [Guardspeople] who were actually patrolling the walls. It was a slippery, wet beat and Relc was standing beneath a temporary awning out of the rain. Occasionally one of them would shoot him a dirty glance or make a comment, but they generally left Relc alone. Because if a monster or Raskghar attacked, he’d be the first one into the fight and everyone knew it.
Still, that didn’t meant they had to stand near him. Relc stood alone, leaning on the battlements and yawning while scratching his tail until a pair of crisp footfalls made him look around. He blinked and waved as a Drake with red scales marched towards him. Wing Commander Embria’s armor was polished and she walked swiftly with her enchanted spear in hand. A helmet was on her head and her posture was perfect. Relc waved at her as he leaned on his spear and the wall.
“Hey kid. What’s up?”
Embria stopped in front of Relc. She turned to face him and stared down at Relc, which was a trick since he was taller than she was. Her voice was cold.
“Senior Guardsman Relc.”
“What?”
“Senior Guardsman Relc.”
A note in Embria’s voice made Relc pause. Embria stared at him without a trace of affection.
“We are on duty. You will address me by my rank.”
The Drake paused. He looked at Embria and then straightened and gave her a grudging salute. He looked past her head as he spoke.
“Yes. Wing Commander Embria.”
His voice was hurt. Embria colored, making her red scales turn a darker shade. She nodded and Relc went back to leaning on the battlements, not looking at her. Embria looked around quickly and hissed.
“Stand up straight! You’re on duty!”
Relc looked back at Embria, clearly upset. His tail swept the wet stones beneath his feet as he replied.
“I’m not in the army anymore. The Watch doesn’t make us keep perfect posture except when we’re talking to Captain Z.”
Embria hissed at her father, keeping an eye out for passing [Guardsman] or her [Soldiers]. A few had been assigned to man the walls at regular intervals.
“You’re a former [Sergeant]! You should remember how to stand at least!”
“My former commander never made me stand at attention. He was cool.”
Relc folded his arms, looking peeved. Embria hesitated.
“Wing Commander Weillmet? He’s dead.”
“What? No.”
The big Drake froze. He stared at Embria.
“When?”
The Wing Commander had to think. She shook her head.
“About a year ago. During a holding action at Shivering Straits. His flank was exposed—a division from Oteslia’s Second Infantry overwhelmed his position.”
“Damn. I didn’t know.”
Relc turned away. He stared at the water surrounding Liscor in silence. Embria stared at his back. Her tail moved restlessly.
“You didn’t hear? The army sends back regular reports—”
“I don’t read them. Too many names I recognize and a lot I don’t. Plus, it’s always about where we’re fighting next, who’s paying us. It’s always the same stuff.”
“I’m…sorry. Wing Commander Weillmet was a good officer. I served with him for a few months. He taught me a few spear techniques.”
“Yeah. He always was good with the spear. Nearly as good as I was, but he was a better leader than a soldier. Man…so why are you up here, Wing Commander?”
Embria colored again. She stepped up and stood next to Relc. After a moment she relaxed her posture a tiny bit.
“I…wanted to talk with you.”
“You can find me at my home. I’m on duty. Can’t casually chat and all that.”
“You’ve been pulling double shifts all week.”
“That’s Captain Z’s fault, not mine. I just follow orders.”
