5.44
Page 11
A Drake [Healer] was cautioning the Gnolls as they sat at Erin’s tables. They ate slowly, some surrounded by their loved ones. Many were in tears as they ate simple foods. A few spoke to Zevara and the others, recounting what they’d seen and heard.
“It was the child who saved us. She used a—a—”
Erill glanced at the Drakes and hesitated.
“She used her voice! The Raskghar thought her mute, but she howled and brought the monster down on them. We fled in the confusion, but Mrsha, she ran back when it became clear the Hobs would fall. She bought us all time to flee.”
“Mrsha. Oh, Mrsha.”
Lyonette buried her head in her hands, weeping. Erin stared at the Hobs. They were intact, although Headscratcher was still weak. They all looked like they’d healed wounds recently. None of them could meet her eyes.
“You say these awakened Raskghar were smarter? And stronger?”
“They were leaders among the others. Terrifying. The ritual—it must be stopped. And the Minotaur is insane. I saw him beat the half-Elf when she tried to stop him. But I think—I think neither will be alive much longer. The awakened are too intelligent. They will dispose of both if they are not stopped.”
The Horns and other adventurers exchanged uneasy looks. Zevara just nodded. Another Gnoll spoke up.
“We remember where they’ve gone. But I am sure—the Raskghar keep their camps watched. And there are so many. They will surely move their camp tonight.”
“And if we attack them, they’ll just fight us off. We don’t have enough bodies!”
Keldrass pounded a scaly fist into his other clawed hand. Zevara glanced at him and shook her head.
“The fact that any of you were able to escape is a miracle. Mister Elirr, I know you and the others must be exhausted. But if you’ll speak to our [Strategist], I’d be deeply grateful. Rest assured we’ll try to save the others if at all possible.”
Again, she glanced at the Gold-rank adventurers who looked away. Some of them shook their heads. Elirr bowed his.
“We owe Mrsha a debt we cannot repay. To think we blamed her—and the Goblins! They saved us.”
“Yes. Them.”
Zevara met Erin’s gaze. She shook her head.
“We’ll get a full accounting of this later. For now, let’s bring you back to the city. The Council will want your statements and then we’ll issue an announcement. Solstice, we’ll settle the costs later. Is that fine?”
“What? Yes. Go on.”
Erin nodded. She was talking with Numbtongue. The Hob’s head was bowed.
“We tried. But there were many. And the female one—”
“I understand. You weren’t supposed to fight them. It’s okay, Numbtongue.”
The Hob looked up wretchedly.
“But Mrsha—”
Erin grabbed the Hob’s shoulder, squeezing hard.
“We still have a chance. Did you find the Raskghar camp?”
“Yes. But it is…what is the word? Fortified. The adventurers will not take it. And there are many Raskghar.”
“I know. But you know where it is, right?”
“Yes.”
“Then come with me. Drassi! Change the door as soon as I’m through. Then let us back when everyone’s in Liscor!”
Erin pushed past the crowd and headed to her magic door. She slapped the red mana stone on, opened the door, and strode through. She heard an exclamation behind her and an oath from Zevara and slammed the door. She looked around.
“Pebblesnatch! Where’s Pebblesnatch?”
The Cave Goblins looked up. They stared at Numbtongue and raced over. Erin looked around wildly and saw a familiar face. Pebblesnatch and a bunch of smaller Goblins looked up from Erin’s magic chessboard. They’d constructed a very tall tower out of the ghostly chess pieces. They scrambled back guiltily as Erin marched over.
