5.44
Page 13
They were intelligent. They would keep being intelligent when the moons fell. Of that Ceria and Calruz were now sure. The other Raskghar seemed nervous about the absence of the full moon, only one more day away. But the awakened? They moved about without fear, followed by a pack of lesser Raskghar who ran to fulfill their every whim. And Nokha led them all.
It was like two tribes, now, really. Calruz strode about, giving orders, but the awakened did the same. And while they moved when he looked at them and told them what to do, there was an air of…expectancy. As if they were waiting to strike.
But they kept watching Calruz for now. Because he was still important. Ceria saw Nokha listening, pretending to be listening at attention as Calruz dealt with an issue that had reared its head in one of the smaller camps.
“How many sick? And what are the symptoms?”
The Raskghar growled. Calruz frowned and made Nokha translate.
“Hotness. Shaking. Throwing up. Blood in…leavings. And lumps. Yellow pus.”
Nokha gestured and Ceria made a face. Calruz wrinkled his bull’s nose.
“And the cause? Did they not cook their food again? What monsters did they eat?”
“No, Chieftain. They say it was adventurers. A few Raskghar were wounded by…arrows? And spells. They thought it minor, but the wounds grew worse. Now many are sick.”
Calruz cursed. He looked at Ceria.
“Poison.”
“Or plague.”
Ceria felt a bit sick. She knew some adventurers used those tactics, but it was cruel, even against Raskghar. And dangerous. She’d heard stories of adventurers who’d used poison against rats and killed thousands in major cities, or spread disease for hundreds of miles by accident. The Adventurer’s Guild was very strict about that sort of thing. Calruz frowned.
“Quarantine the camp. That means no one goes in or out. Not Cave Goblins, not Raskghar. No one touches the sick. Burn the bodies.”
The Raskghar didn’t like that. They tried to argue until Calruz cuffed the scout across the face. He glanced at Ceria as the Raskghar whined and Nokha barked at him sharply.
“Anything else, Springwalker?”
Ceria had to think.
“No healing potions. That can help with some diseases, but it might spread the plague faster. And…wash with hot water? There’s not much we can do without seeing what it is. And I’m not going to inspect it in person.”
The Minotaur nodded grimly.
“True. If we had an [Alchemist] or [Healer], we might try something. But we don’t. Quarantine the camp. Do as Ceria says. The surviving Raskghar and Cave Goblins will remain in place for…”
He glanced at Ceria. She shrugged.
“Four days after getting better? And don’t bring them here.”
Calruz nodded.
“Four days. They’ll patrol with healthy Raskghar or Cave Goblins to make sure they’re well.”
The Raskghar whined unhappily, but Nokha snapped and he went. Calruz growled under his breath.
“Adventurers. Damn them. I need to make sure they haven’t infected any other camps. Where are my other scouts?”
He looked around and stomped towards some Raskghar who were eating by a fire. Ceria and Nokha were left. The half-Elf eyed the Raskghar. The awakened smiled.
“You know things about adventuring. Like Chieftain.”
“Yup. More than you do.”
Ceria smiled and Nokha bared her teeth.
“True. We need Chieftain. He is smart. Knows much.”
“Even if he won’t let you kill the Gnolls? Even if you’re smart when the moon isn’t full?”
Ceria saw Nokha’s grin waver. The Raskghar looked concerned. She glanced swiftly at Calruz and back at Ceria. The half-Elf kept her smiling mask up.
That’s right. We know. 
But far from being nervous, Nokha instead just smiled again.
