5.44
Page 7
Some of them. A few were lying on the ground, pinned by Raskghar. Most were still in shackles. But many of the Gnolls had removed their shackles! And Mrsha! She’d gotten away too! Ceria dared to hope. But then she saw Calruz striding towards her.
“Liar!”
The Minotaur looked as shaken as Ceria, but that didn’t stop him from seizing the front of her robes. Ceria held still as Calruz roared at her. The Minotaur pointed furiously towards the cages.
“You told me she was mute!”
“She is!”
“She howled!”
“She can do that! She can’t speak!”
“Liar! Traitor! You deceived me!”
Calruz roared in Ceria’s face, covering her with spittle. His grip tightened and Ceria braced herself.
“I didn’t know that thing was going to appear! I told you the truth, Calruz! Mrsha can only howl. Or make sounds. She can’t speak!”
“That’s not what mute means!”
“Yes it is! Don’t yell at me because you don’t know the meaning of the word!”
Calruz’s eyes were wide and furious. They were turning red—but then he paused. A curious, affronted look replaced the enraged expression on his face.
“I know the meaning of the word mute. It means unable to make sounds. You are incorrect, Ceria.”
“No, it doesn’t. It means ‘unable to speak’. There’s a big difference, you giant idiot.”
“How do you know that?”
“I read it in a book. Okay, Pisces read it in a book and told me.”
The Minotaur and half-Elf stared at each other. The exchange was furious, tense. But familiar. After a second, Calruz let go of Ceria slowly. They stared at each other. Ceria was breathing hard. She pointed at the splatter of black liquid where Facestealer had been.
“That wasn’t my fault. I’m pretty sure it wasn’t. That was Snatcher, wasn’t it?”
“Yes. He sometimes approaches Raskghar camps. They can usually deceive him into leaving by pretending to be statues. Usually.”
“I didn’t know. And I didn’t lie to you. Knowingly.”
Calruz hesitated.
“That is…true.”
“I could have run. I saved your life.”
The Minotaur paused. He looked at Ceria and nodded slowly.
“Yes. You did.”
They stared at each other for a long moment. Then Calruz turned. He looked around his camp and exhaled. Slowly.
“The Gnolls fled. They’ll die in the dungeon. You there! Send a team to retrieve them!”
He pointed at a Raskghar who looked confused. The Raskghar growled. Calruz frowned.
“Already? Who? Nokha? She abandoned the camp when—”
The Raskghar backed up as Calruz snorted in anger. Ceria stared at him anxiously.
“Well? Did the Gnolls escape?”
“Nokha led a team after them the instant they fled. She will not let them run.”
Ceria prayed he was wrong. Calruz stomped away. She saw him begin organizing his camp, directing the Cave Goblins and Raskghar to physically seal the entrance that Snatcher had left by. The mood in the camp was tense, afraid. And angry. The Raskghar forced the remaining Gnolls, barely twenty now, back into the cages, beating them as if to punish them for Mrsha.
“Calruz! Stop them!”
The Minotaur looked over and shouted a word in the Raskghar’s language. The beast-people turned away sullenly and the Gnolls lay in the cages. Ceria expected them to be devastated by the failed escape attempt, but to her surprise—and the Raskghar’s—she heard laughter. The Raskghar turned, disbelieving, as one of the Gnolls sat up.
“You…are cursed.”
The female Gnoll had a bloody lip and her eye looked…wrong, as if it weren’t moving properly. Still, she grinned at the Raskghar as they snarled at her. She lifted her shackled hands, pointed. At Mrsha’s empty cage.
