5.44
Page 16
Embria bit her tongue. She stared at Relc’s side. The Drake was staring into the waters, his expression bleak. After a moment, Embria went on.
“It’s about the Human.”
“Erin?”
“Yes. I have…questions. You know I’m here for more than just defense of the city, don’t you?”
“Yeah, yeah. Making sure we’re not getting eaten by the Antinium, prodding the Council in the tails, all that. How’s that going?”
Embria ignored the question.
“One of the things I was instructed to look into were the Antinium. I know what you think—but they’re acting oddly. And the other Hives have been…irregular of late. When Xrn, the Small Queen was sighted in Liscor, the High Command was alarmed.”
“Oh, so that’s why they sent you? Not because of the Goblin Lord running about?”
“It was one of their concerns. Father, you know this is an issue. And the Small Queen and the Slayer—”
“Klbkch.”
“—They both went to her inn. The Human’s.”
“Erin’s. They have names, you know.”
“Why?”
Relc paused. He stared across Liscor’s lake and then responded slowly.
“Well, you know, back in the old days, I guess people were tired of saying ‘hey you’, all the time. So they invented this thing called names, and most people—”
Embria stomped on Relc’s tail. He bit back a shout and whirled. She glared at him.
“Don’t evade the question!”
“I don’t know, okay? Erin’s special! Klb likes her and that blue Antinium likes her too, I guess! She plays chess with Workers!”
“But why? Why do you and everyone else listen to her?”
Embria raked her claws across the spines on the back of her neck, clearly frustrated. She gripped her spear and twirled it.
“Every time something happens, not only does Watch Captain Zevara listen to her, but Wall Lord Ilvriss—a Wall Lord—listens to her! And your [Strategist]! And everyone else! They listen to her opinion even when she says the most idiotic things! And apparently Zel Shivertail himself stayed at her inn! Why?”
“Because she’s Erin.”
This time Relc pulled his tail out of the way of Embria’s foot. He cradled it protectively as she stared at him.
“I don’t know, kid. All I know is that Erin has something. But I have no idea what that is. She likes Goblins, she plays a mean game of chess apparently…and she’s just different. But I can’t say why. I just go to her inn because I like the food. And because she called me a Dragon.”
The Wing Commander snorted and turned away. Relc stared at her back for a while, and then let go of his tail. It curled up a bit, and then he sidled a bit closer to her. He leaned on the battlements.
“You know, I think it’s because people like her. They didn’t at first, but Erin grows on you. Like a mushroom.”
“And what? They don’t like me? Is that why I have to request to join every planning session and why Watch Captain Zevara keeps forgetting to notify me of important events?”
“Yeah. Probably.”
Embria clenched her claws into fists.
“I came here to defend Liscor!”
“Too late. And the army’s never here. And you came in the wrong way, kid. You strode in and expected to take command. That’s not how it works.”
Embria sagged. She leaned on the battlements, looking dispirited.
“I know. I just—I’m trying to do my job, Dad. Why is it so hard?”
Relc eyed Embria in alarm. His tail hesitated, and then nearly went over to touch Embria’s. At the last moment it stopped. He cleared his throat and looked around uncertainly.
“I think it’s because people don’t know you. But I’m sure they’d like you. I mean, you’re my kid. So why don’t we go and say hi to some people? Get your face out there? Buy some people some drinks?”
