5.45
Page 13
“I know, I know. But if we get the armor we can compensate her. And we do have a strong claim. Hell, maybe we could persuade Ilvriss or the Flamewardens to help us out if I agree to cancel my contract with Selys. But having a magical artifact like that we could own—oh, hey Erin.”
Jelaqua looked up. Moore sat up with a groan. He had a hand over his stomach where he’d been cut last night. The wound had healed, but the half-Giant still seemed tender. Or he’d stuffed himself. The mountain of dishes suggested that might be the case.
“Hey guys. I wanted to say thanks again for all you did. Really.”
Jelaqua raised one eyebrow.
“For what? Saving our hides? You gave us a victory. We had no way to beat the Raskghar. And you—”
Mrsha started and looked up from her ball. Jelaqua broke off guiltily.
“Sorry. What I meant was that we owe you, Erin.”
“Thanks. But you were fighting. I…well, I know you’re probably busy doing adventurer stuff, but I was hoping I could ask for a small favor.”
The Halfseekers looked at each other. Jelaqua shrugged.
“We’re only discussing business. It’s not like we can do anything now—it’ll be a week at least before we get to the actual dividing of loot, I bet. Gotta make sure we all get what we want.”
“Awesome. Then can I ask for you to help me deliver something? I need a few strong hands. Not you, Moore. I know you’re recovering—”
The half-Giant sat up. He smiled tiredly at Erin.
“I’m fine, Miss Erin. And if it’s lifting you need, I think I’m your half-Giant.”
He tried to rise, but Jelaqua and Seborn held him down.
“Relax, Moore. We have this.”
“But I—”
“No, no. Sit. Please. Let me get you a drink. You saved Mrsha. I owe you so much—Lyonette! Can we get the big mug for Moore? Fill it with something nice! Wine or ale? Something stronger?”
The half-Giant wavered, then collapsed back into his seat. Fatigue, that was it. He just looked tired.
“I suppose I could do with an ale. From Celum? Do you have any local brands?”
“I’ll check. Now, I just need four people, probably. I could do it with two, but—”
“Seborn and I are good. Who are the other two? Yvlon and Ksmvr?”
“I was thinking of making Pisces do it—”
“Hah!”
Erin turned and grinned at Pisces. The [Necromancer] had helped himself to a drink of his own. He sat next to Ceria.
“I will conjure you a skeleton to do the work if you desire, Erin. But you won’t get me to move for love or money. Threats of violence may suffice.”
Erin rolled her eyes.
“I don’t need skeletons, thanks. They’ll cause a panic. But just give me one second and I’ll get everything in place. It’s for Mrsha, see.”
Both Mrsha and Lyonette looked up. Lyonette frowned.
“Erin. Mrsha needs some time by herself. I don’t think an outing is right. Not at all.”
She stared hard at Erin and the young woman felt a bit of pressure on her shoulders. She blinked. Lyonette’s gaze felt heavy. And then Erin realized. She was using her aura! She met Lyonette’s gaze. Neither young woman raised their tone for fear of scaring Mrsha, but Erin silently pushed back until the pressure had left her shoulders. Jelaqua and Seborn looked from Lyonette to Erin in silence.
“It’ll be fine, Lyonette. It’s just a little outing.”
“No. Not another one! She just needs to stay here!”
Lyonette raised her voice. Mrsha looked up again. Erin sighed. She walked forwards, giving Mrsha a reassuring look. She turned away and whispered to Lyonette.
“I know. Lyonette, I know you’re worried about Mrsha. But believe me. I know what I’m doing. She doesn’t have to go anywhere right now. Neither do you. Just wait.”
