5.45
Page 10
Erin beamed. The Horns of Hammerad and Halfseekers both turned. They stared as she emptied the hide-wrapped balls onto the table. Jelaqua pointed.
“What’s that? Toys for Mrsha?”
“Nope! Toys for me! Oh, and eat everything you want, Moore. Hey, I’m going into Celum now. Can one of you change the door back to Liscor and check for me in like…thirty minutes?”
The Horns nodded. Ceria was sitting with the others. She looked relaxed, but tired. Erin strode over to the door and blinked as Yvlon stood up. The woman scratched at her arms. She was wearing her gauntlets and vambraces for some reason, despite not having bothered to put on her breastplate or any other part of her armor.
“I’ll go with you. I could use some sunlight.”
“Sure, thanks! I could use a pair of hands. Remember, let Mrsha and Lyonette through! I’ll be back soon! Oh, hey Octavia.”
The [Alchemist] looked up as Erin and Yvlon came through. She waved.
“Hey, everyone’s alive over there, right? I didn’t get to ask—”
“They’re all good!”
The Stitch-Girl sighed in relief. Erin spent a few seconds with Octavia, and then walked out of the shop. Yvlon nodded to the [Alchemist] and walked with Erin down the street.
It was different in Celum. Sunlight shone down from above, disconcerting after the pouring rain Erin had just been walking through. She felt her hair and clothes begin to dry. After a second, she turned and looked at Yvlon.
“So how’s Ceria doing?”
Yvlon looked up at the bright sky. People were passing by in the street. Humans, giving Yvlon an odd look now and then. People who had no idea of what had happened. Erin felt like a stranger with Humans all around her. After a moment, Yvlon shrugged.
“I don’t know. I think she’s okay. She told us what happened.”
“And?”
The woman let out a long breath.
“I…I’m surprised she can recall it. Calruz, the Raskghar—there was something truly awful down there, Erin. The ritual, Calruz—I don’t know how Ceria will handle it. I’m surprised she let him live after all that happened. And Mrsha…”
“That bad?”
“She was there for all of it. She looked okay to me, but I’d stick with her. Those Raskghar were monsters.”
Erin nodded seriously.
“Well, Lyonette is with her. And I’ll find tons of fun stuff for her to do. I just had an idea in that vein, which is why we’re out here. Hey, you know Celum, right? Can you help me find a shop?”
“Really? Well, why am I surprised? What are you looking for?”
“A [Carpenter]. Know any good ones?”
“Hm. Well, the Runner’s Guild would know the best ones in the city. Why not make a stop there?”
“Good idea.”
They turned left down a street. Yvlon and Erin walked along in silence. Erin glanced at Yvlon. She hadn’t spoken too often with the woman, but they knew each other.
“Yvlon?”
“Yes?”
“How bad was it? I can ask Ceria, but—”
The woman looked away. Her face was shadowed when she spoke.
“Bad enough that I had to leave. It was that or ask Ceria why she didn’t kill Calruz. She let him live. But the things he did, the horrors he let the Raskghar commit—that was not the Calruz I knew. And there was something else. Ceria saw the heart of the dungeon. And what lurks in there—you don’t need to hear about it.”
Erin shivered.
“Maybe I do. But not today.”
Yvlon nodded.
“Not today. I’m just grateful that she’s back. And so is Mrsha. Thank you for doing this.”
“Hey, it was just—”
“No. It was more than that.”
