5.45
Page 6
“Dead gods. Dead gods. I forgot—”
The half-Elf chewed so fast she nearly choked as she tried to swallow. She grabbed a sausage and stuffed it into her face. Yvlon’s face was amused, appalled, and happy at the same time.
“Can you at least pretend to use silverware, Ceria?”
“Sorry. This is—this is so good. Tree roots, is this what it tasted like before?”
“Need a drink?”
“Alcohol?”
Ceria sat up. She stared at the bar. Erin filled her a mug. The half-Elf washed down her food and sat at the table. Mrsha watched her. The Gnoll didn’t bounce or beg for snacks. And as the Horns ate in the same silence, Erin saw Mrsha’s eyes fix on Ceria’s face. The half-Elf pretended not to notice.
So much had changed. And Erin didn’t know exactly what. In the confused aftermath of the battle, so much had happened that she’d only gotten the barest of accounts from Ceria. And she didn’t want to press the half-Elf or Mrsha. Far from it. But she knew just by looking that more had gone on than words could say. And Mrsha just sat there.
Lyonette and Erin exchanged a look over Mrsha’s head. Erin looked around. Her glass windows reflected a rainy day in Liscor, as usual. The rain poured down. Erin cleared her throat and Mrsha looked around quickly. The [Innkeeper] smiled at her and pointed.
“It’s not too nice out. But why don’t you take Mrsha into Liscor, Lyonette? I think what she needs is…a special present.”
“Now?”
Lyonette looked uncertain. But Erin nodded. She stared around the inn and then nodded to her magic door.
“We should go out. And Mrsha definitely deserves something. Maybe a new ball? We’ll all go together, how about that?”
The little Gnoll looked up. Her tail began to wag a bit. Lyonette hesitated, then nodded.
“I’ll get cloaks for all of us. One second!”
“I’ll put out more food. Save some for the Halfseekers, okay?”
Erin hurried into the kitchen. When she came out, the Horns were talking at last. Ceria sat, looking from face to face.
“So…what did I miss?”
Pisces smirked. Yvlon laughed and ran her hands through her hair. Ksmvr opened his mandibles.
“To the best of my knowledge, Captain Ceria—”
“We’re all heroes. After all, we participated in the largest dungeon raid in Liscor’s history. We obtained a bounty on the captured prisoners. And there are the magical artifacts yet to be divided up. Our team made substantial gains while you were captive. I suspect we may be able to claim a fair margin of the spoils.”
Pisces sat back in his chair, lacing his fingers together. Ceria’s lips quirked.
“Ah, right. We’re fighting over all the treasures the Raskghar had? Figures. How’s that going to work? Hell, how’d you get everyone into the dungeon? That was…a lot.”
“Miss Erin, of course.”
Ceria glanced over.
“I should have known.”
Erin shook her head as she came over. She put another plate on the table.
“I just came up with the plan. Everyone helped. Antinium, adventurers, the Watch…and Goblins. I think the Council of Liscor’s putting out the word right now.”
Ceria looked surprised.
“They didn’t know—oh wait, it was night. Wow. That’s a cause for celebration if ever I heard one.”
Yvlon nodded. She buttered a piece of toast. She glanced sideways at Ceria.
“There’ll probably be another parade.”
“Probably.”
Erin carefully found another table and put the food down there. She glanced back at Ceria.
“Going to join in?”
The half-Elf wavered. She looked around her table and then seemed to remember she was part of her team. The Captain. She shook her head after a second.
