5.45
Page 14
She met Lyonette’s eyes, trying to be reassuring. The [Princess] glared—then saw Erin was serious. She looked at Mrsha and sighed.
“Okay. But nothing crazy, okay?”
“Why does everyone think I can only do crazy? This is just…okay, it’s a bit weird. But just a bit! Ksmvr, Yvlon, can I get you to lift?”
“I am quite proficient at lifting.”
Ksmvr stood up at once. Yvlon nodded.
“Just show us what you need, Erin.”
“Okay. We’ll be back in a few minutes! Don’t worry! It’ll be worth it!”
Ceria, Pisces, Lyonette, and Mrsha watched as the four adventurers plus Erin walked over to her door. Erin didn’t change the mana stone. She opened the door and walked through. The people in the inn heard Erin speaking to Octavia, and then the [Alchemist] raise her voice.
“What? But Erin! I thought we were partners! This is really—did someone make you an offer? Hold on! Don’t touch it! We can deal! We can make—”
The door closed. The people in the inn looked at each other. Lyonette went over and gave Mrsha another hug. The Gnoll looked up at her. Lyonette tried to give her a reassuring smile.
“I’m sure it’s just Erin being Erin. She said she wasn’t doing anything crazy.”
She didn’t sound too convinced. But for some reason that uncertainty made Mrsha feel better. She stared out the rainy window and bounced her ball. All was the same. All was different. She wished she could play, but she was a bit—tired. A bit empty.
So was Ceria. The half-Elf sat at her table. She knew Pisces was watching her, which was why he’d volunteered to stay. That and he loathed physical exertion. She looked into her mug. She’d told her teammates everything. Nearly everything. But she couldn’t tell them what it had been like. The pain, Calruz’s madness. It felt like a nightmare she hadn’t woken up from. She was free of the dungeon now. The Raskghar were dead or fled. But it felt—
It felt like she’d brought the dungeon with her. And Ceria was unhappy. So she and Mrsha sat, a bit lost, as the rain poured down. Part of them was still in that camp. Part of them still thought this was a dream. It was unreal, too wonderful, too much after their torment. It was a figment of their imagination, an illusion.
A fantasy.
 
—-
 
“Erin, please! Please! How long have we known each other? Months? It feels like years! You can’t just throw me under the wagon like this! I have relatives! I’m an up-and-coming [Alchemist]! I can’t handle rejection!”
Octavia clung to Erin’s waist, despite Erin’s best efforts to get her to let go. The young woman waved her arms as Yvlon, Ksmvr, Jelaqua, and Seborn lifted the magic door in Octavia’s shop up. It wasn’t heavy for the four of them so much as cumbersome. They began to angle it out the door.
“Erin! You’re breaking my heart here! What will it take? Gold? Potions? Be reasonable! This is business!”
“Octavia, let go! I told you I’m not stealing your door!”
“What am I seeing then? Don’t lie to me, Erin! We’ve invested too much in this relationship to lie to each other!”
“What relationship? Octavia, let go! It’s just temporary! I said it’s just for today, okay?”
“Oh. Well, in that case, why didn’t you say so?”
The Stitch-Girl let go. Erin stumbled back as Seborn held the door open for the door to go through. Erin turned and glared.
“I did say so!”
The [Alchemist] had the grace to blush. She fiddled with her braids and tugged at the stitches at her neck.
“Sorry, I didn’t hear that. I panicked a bit. Your magic door gets me a lot of business, you know.”
“Well, it’ll keep giving you business! Now can I go?”
Octavia was standing in front of the door. She started.
