5.45
Page 8
Erin looked thoughtfully at Mrsha’s face. The Gnoll stared after the other Gnoll. Her expression was neither happy nor sad. But it was slightly content. Erin stared at the Gnoll’s back and nodded.
“I think…we should get moving before we’re all totally drenched. Where’s the toy store? Left?”
“Straight and then left.”
In time they reached the special store that Erin and Lyonette had found a while back. It was a Gnoll-run store and it was aimed at children, but mainly Gnoll children. That was because it was a ball shop. It sold balls.
Small catching balls. Large ones made of leather. Discs for catching. If there was anything Gnolls shared with dogs, it was their love of games that allowed them to run about. Mrsha’s ball had come from here. Now the three pushed inside. A Gnoll at the counter looked up and blinked when he saw Mrsha. Then he bowed at his counter.
“Greetings. What can I do for you?”
“Hi. We’re looking for a ball for Mrsha. We just wanted to look around. Is it okay if she touches things? We can pay for anything.”
The Gnoll inclined his head as Mrsha stared up at him.
“Of course. Take your time. We owe a debt to the Mrsha child. Doom of the Raskghar. Find whatever you might wish, child.”
Lyonette blinked and bit her lip. But Mrsha’s tail began to wag as she looked around the shop. Lined up on the shelves were a child’s fantasy. At least, any child who loved to play catch. There were balls of every size and shape and consistency. Little ones that could be hidden, large ones you could kick about, even metal ones with shiny surfaces. Mrsha looked at the adults again, and then wandered down the aisles. She soon lost herself between the shelves.
“I had no idea there was an entire shop for this stuff.”
Erin whispered to Lyonette. The young woman nodded.
“Krshia told me about it. Apparently Gnolls don’t have many toys when they move about in their tribes. Games of catch are very important. And balls are…well, they’re fun.”
“Yeah. I just never heard of personal, custom throwing balls. I mean, we had dogs at home, but—”
The Gnoll [Shopkeeper] raised one eyebrow and Erin turned red.
“Sorry! I didn’t mean—”
He shook his head and smiled.
“Dogs are dogs, yes? They are simple. But a Gnoll finds more joy than a dog can. They fetch. We throw. But one as young as the Mrsha child would find enjoyment in both, I think. Do you have any preference? I find that children are usually unable to choose from my selection.”
Erin stared down the rows of colorful balls. She was at a loss too. This was no supermarket selection with a bunch of generic, identical toys. Each object in the shop was hand-made and high quality. She hesitated, trying to imagine what Mrsha would like. If they found her old ball—
“What about a big bouncy ball? Do you have anything made of rub—of plas—something that bounces?”
“Hmm. I have a few. Let me bring them out.”
The Gnoll slipped out from behind his counter. He came back with a selection of balls, mostly leather, some wrapped in hide, and placed them on the counter. Erin bounced a few, but they were hardly as bouncy as a basketball.
“Got anything with more bounce? Like, one I could throw on the ground and bounce off the ceiling?”
The Gnoll frowned.
“You have high standards. Yes, I’ve seen such balls before. Magic ones, enchanted by [Mages]. Very prized among Gnoll children.”
“Uh—well, are they that rare?”
The Gnoll nodded, with the air of someone who had specialized in the nuance of ball manufacture all his life.
