5.45
Page 15
“What? Sure, sure. But you are coming back, right? With the door? Promise?”
“Yes. Please move.”
The Stitch-Girl did. Erin hurried out of her shop. The adventurers were waiting for her. Jelaqua raised an amused eyebrow.
“Well, that’s one obstacle down. Where are we taking it?”
“Out of the city! North!”
“Gotcha. One, two, three, up—”
The adventurers easily lifted the door. They began walking down the street. Erin followed them. After a few paces she turned.
“Why are you following me, Octavia?”
The [Alchemist] shrugged.
“No reason. I just…want to see where the door’s going. Is that a crime?”
Erin glared at Octavia.
“Just don’t get in the way!”
“Who, me? I would never. I’m on your side, Erin! Always have been. From the day we met I thought that we would be the best of friends. Say, where’s this door going? I could sell you some stamina potions if it’s a long haul. Not that it’s going to be that long, right? Because the door is coming back—”
Erin sighed and tried to block out Octavia’s voice. She looked ahead. Celum was busy and it was coming to midmorning. The people on the streets turned in surprise when they saw the four adventurers walking down the street with a door held between them. There were shouts of surprise. And a few screams.
Of the four adventurers, Yvlon was probably the most normal. But the other three were Jelaqua, a Selphid, Seborn, one of the rare Drowned Men, and Ksmvr, who was an Antinium. He’d been in Celum and other Human cities before, but there were plenty of people who were still shocked to see him.
“Antinium!”
“Dead gods!”
“Wait—there’s two of them! One of them’s half-Antinium!”
The people backed away in horror. Jelaqua, holding her end of the door with Seborn, began laughing so hard she nearly dropped it. Seborn growled. The adventurers made their way down the street until they ran into an obstacle.
“Excuse me! Excuse me, what is this?”
A Human [Guardsman] strode up to the group, looking afraid and indignant. He pointed a shaking finger at Ksmvr. He hadn’t heard of the Horns of Hammerad or fear was overriding common sense.
“Antinium are not allowed in the city! And you can’t bring a door down the street! You’re holding up traffic!”
There were indeed several wagons waiting for the adventurers. Jelaqua raised one eyebrow.
“Sorry, but this thing’s too bulky for the side of the street, Mister Guardsman. And Ksmvr’s a friend of ours.”
The Human purpled with fury.
“A friend? He’s an Ant! They don’t have friends! Move this thing out of the way! Who are you? Some kind of upstart Drake? This is a Human city! Who are you? An adventurer? I’ll report you to the guild! And what’s wrong with him? Is he sick? If he is, he’s a danger to everyone on this street!”
He pointed at Seborn. The Drowned Man had had enough. He let go of his side of the door and glared at the [Guardsman].
“I’m a Drowned Man. My name is Seborn. I’m a Gold-rank adventurer. And this is Jelaqua, also Gold-rank. She’s a Selphid.”
The [Guardsman] gulped. He looked at Jelaqua, who gave him a toothy grin.
“Rookie mistake. It’s the skin. Want me to open up my chest? Oh, wait. There’s kids watching.”
“Uh—I—Gold-rank?”
“That’s right.”
The officer of the Watch looked around. He realized that everyone was waiting for him to make a move. He looked at the wagons waiting impatiently behind the Gold-ranks, at the adventurers, and made a judgment call.
“Terribly sorry, sir. I don’t know what came over me. You lot! Back up! Gold-ranks coming through on business! Give them some room! Do you need a wagon by any chance?”
“No. Move.”
