5.46
Page 12
A short woman strode over. Emme gave the Goblins a glance and then focused on Erin.
“Is this something we could turn into a play, Miss Erin?”
“Um? Yes?”
“Well then! What are we waiting for? Hey, you lot! Gather over here! Forget the Goblins—they won’t bite. And if they do, bite back! We’ve got material for a new play!”
The Players of Celum approached cautiously. Erin turned and beamed at a Drake and a Human child.
“Jasi! Grev! It’s great to see you all! And you’re all here at the perfect time! We were having a break after all that’s happened.”
“Hullo, Miss Erin. You’ve got a lot of monster folk behind you. Are all them new security for your inn?”
Grev stared at the Cave Goblins, who stared back, never having seen a Human child before. Erin turned.
“What, the Goblins? No, I brought them for the game. Hey Jelaqua! Look, we’ve got two teams of players!”
The Selphid waved back. She was laughing so hard she could barely stand. It was the reactions of the Humans that amused her. One of Celum’s [Guardsmen] followed the Players of Celum, practically hiding behind Jasi.
“Game? What’s all this? Mister Wesle, these Goblins—”
“Security for Miss Erin’s inn. Don’t mind them, Fabial. The rest of you, take heed! These are Miss Erin’s employees. There’s to be no fighting here! Besides, there’s a team of Gold-rank adventurers.”
“Exactly!”
Jelaqua walked over, still chuckling. She grinned at Fabial, who looked alarmed as Moore approached.
“We’ve got this. These Goblins are under control. Hey, Headscratcher.”
She nodded at Badarrow, who ignored her. The Hobs stared around as Erin tried to explain why the Goblins were here to the Humans. Emme began to pester Jelaqua for details. Grev stared about and made eye contact with Mrsha. In the end Erin had to wave her hands and shout.
“Attention! Everyone! Shut up!”
They all quieted. The Players of Celum, adventurers, and Goblins all stared at Erin. She looked around and smiled.
“Let’s leave the plays and killing each other for later, huh? Today’s not a work day. We’re just going to relax here. Goblins, Humans, Selphids—”
“Selphid. Unless anyone wants to change my mind?”
“We can do everything later. But for now—does anyone want to play a game of baseball?”
The crowd paused. They looked at Erin and at each other. Then Numbtongue raised a hand.
“What’s baseball?”
The Celum [Guardsmen] stared at the Hob in horror.
“It can talk?”
Erin rolled her eyes.
 
—-
 
“Baseball is a sport. A game where two teams compete. One team is on the attack, the other one defends. That’s the basics. Now, we never hurt anyone else. That’s against the rules. We’re competing to get more points. The way you do that is to hit a ball…”
Erin lectured the crowd of people in front of her. Cave Goblins, Hobs, and Humans stared at her. The Players of Celum and Goblins had joined the others in the meadow. The Watch from Celum had to go back to the city and try to explain…something. Erin had Seborn and Jelaqua demonstrate as she spoke.
“—And then, if Jelaqua hits it far enough, it’s a home run. Everyone runs around the bases and scores! It’s great! What do you think?”
The Players and Goblins stared at each other. They shrugged. Emme smiled.
“It looks as stupid as a play did to me the first time I saw one. So we grab these bats and start playing? Why not?”
“Awesome! Let’s play a game! We can make teams. Why don’t the Goblins play a game against the Players of Celum first? The rest of us can correct things, then we can divide and play with everyone!”
