5.46
Page 13
Obediently, the groups divided up. Erin grinned at Jelaqua as the Selphid began showing the Humans how to use the bat.
“I still think this is boring as watching tar dry.”
Octavia remarked from her seat in the grass. She’d finished three bowls of popcorn and was eating a fourth. Erin eyed her severely.
“You can go back to Celum. Or pay for that popcorn if you’re bored.”
“Bored? Hey, who’s bored? I love baseball! Go team! Hit those balls!”
Erin rolled her eyes. The Players of Celum seemed excited by the game. As they lined up, Jasi sidled over to Erin.
“It was a good thing Grev heard you were here. We’ve been cooped up this last week, what with your inn being too dangerous.”
“Haven’t you been performing?”
“Ah, well…we didn’t think it’d be right. Not with all the other inns smearing your name. You heard about that, right? We’ve been performing in the squares, but it’s not the same. Everyone’s been antsy, waiting for you to finish. This game is just what we need.”
“What everyone needs. Hey, it looks like the Goblins like the game too. See?”
Jasi stared as Erin pointed. Badarrow was throwing a ball at Numbtongue, who swung and connected solidly with it. The Cave Goblins ducked as the ball flew over their heads and then ran after it as Numbtongue shouted. They seemed nervous, rather than excited to play. But Erin hoped they’d warm up to the game. Jasi just shook her head.
“More Goblins. And you beat those horrible beasts in the dungeon with their help? You have to tell us the entire story, Erin.”
“Alright, but later. I just want to have fun today. Hey, Wesle looks great!”
The [Actor] was at bat. And the first ball that Jelaqua threw he hit. Not just hit—the impact sent the ball flying into the air. Mrsha raced after it. Erin whistled.
“That’s good form! Did he copy Jelaqua or something?”
Wesle was swinging the bat as if he’d played the game before. Jasi shook her head. She leaned forwards and whispered.
“He got a Skill! From his class! It’s called [Method Acting]. It means he actually becomes the person he’s playing! A little bit.”
“What? That’s incredible!”
The Drake smiled.
“It is. But it’s not that powerful. I think we checked it and he’s only as good as someone with, say, ten levels. So he can copy a [Butcher] and do a decent job even without training, but it still takes a lot of work to get any better. If he really copies someone for a while he can get even better.”
“Wow. Hey, that’s a real advantage! Do you have a Skill like that?”
“Not that Skill. But I do have a few new ones. I’ll tell you about it later. I’m going to play this game. You’d better watch out for Emme, though. She’s stronger than anyone else in the troupe!”
Sure enough, when it was Emme’s turn to practice she hit the ball farther than Wesle did, although it took her four tries to connect. Erin watched the Players bat and catch and field and whistled.
“They’re good! I mean, I guess it’s their acting thing. But—hey, these guys could play a game against my dad’s team! Back home he had a team in his neighborhood. They were about this good.”
“And the Goblins?”
Erin stared at the Goblins. They’d finished their practice, but it was a bit…lopsided. Badarrow had taken up pitching and he could throw a fast ball. And all the Hobs had hit the ball far. When they hit it. They seemed to strike out surprisingly often given how coordinated Erin knew them to be. Still, when they hit it the ball went far. That was the Hobs, though.
