5.46
Page 8
“I mean, I think we brought a few back. Trophies and to show other adventurers what they look like, you know? I don’t need a new one, but I’d like to be the first Selphid to try one out, you know? Bragging rights. And have you seen their muscles?”
“I uh, didn’t get too good a look at them. But that’s actually a good idea. Raskghar are really strong.”
“I know, right? And if I could get Erin to store a few bodies in her basement, you know, as insurance—is this getting creepy?”
“Just a little bit. But I get it. You don’t think the bodies will rot in her inn, right? What about bugs?”
“Well, Selphids have this paste I can get Octavia to make that—”
Crack. Both Ceria and Jelaqua looked up. A ball flew past them and Erin shouted.
“Run!”
Suddenly Seborn was charging towards them! Pisces and Ksmvr ran for the ball. Ceria and Jelaqua looked at each other. The Selphid looked around.
“Oh kidney stones, what am I supposed to do again?”
“Run to second base! Ceria, get ready to stop Seborn! Catch the ball!”
“Over here!”
Ceria waved her arms in frustration as Jelaqua took off. Pisces blurred over to the ball with [Flash Step] and snatched it up. He looked around. But Seborn was already on first base. The Drowned Man eyed Ceria. And Jelaqua was rounding second base, headed towards third. Ceria pointed.
“I’ll stop Jelaqua! Pisces, get her!”
The Selphid was laughing as she ran. Pisces charged towards her. Jelaqua kept her eye on Pisces, but she didn’t see Ceria coming up from the side. The half-Elf tackled the Selphid, knocking her to the ground.
“Get her, Pisces!”
The [Necromancer] was twenty paces away. He threw the ball at Jelaqua as the Selphid turned and threw Ceria off. The Selphid dodged back as she saw the ball land at her feet, but then she grinned. She picked the ball up and threw it at Seborn.
“Get rid of it!”
“On it.”
Seborn turned, hurled the ball in the opposite direction, then charged to second base as Pisces and Ksmvr ran after the ball again. Ceria tried to slow Jelaqua as the Selphid tried to follow Seborn. Erin watched, jaw slightly open as Seborn rounded the bases. Jelaqua was nearly at third base with Ceria holding onto her waist when Pisces threw a ball and struck her shoulder.
“Aw, damnit!”
Ceria let go and Jelaqua threw up her hands. Seborn tried to run back to second, but Ksmvr was there. He caught the ball and chased Seborn as the Drowned Man ran back to first base. There Seborn stopped. He looked at Erin and she found her voice.
“Okay! Um. Return back to home base!”
All five players returned to the plate. Seborn looked at Erin as Ceria gave Pisces and Ksmvr a thumbs-up.
“How’d we do?”
“Well…that was awful. You’re not supposed to tackle players, Ceria! And Pisces, you can’t hit people with the ball! And if you touch the ball you’re out! And Ksmvr—you did a good job. Only Ksmvr played according to the rules!”
Ksmvr straightened up and smiled. The other adventurers scratched their heads. Ceria shook her head exasperatedly.
“This game has a lot of rules. And it’s hard catching people while they’re running.”
“That’s why you stand on the bases. The runners can’t score if you block them, and then you just have to tag them out. You throw the ball between each other. Look, we’re doing good. I think we just need a few more players.”
“You think so? We’re a pretty good team by ourselves, right Seborn, Moore? Right?”
Jelaqua elbowed Seborn. The Drowned Man looked at her.
“Stop elbowing me.”
Erin smiled. She looked to the outfield. Yvlon, Lyonette, and Mrsha were bored in right field and were playing catch with another ball.
