5.46
Page 18
“Nothing. But it’s almost like a reflex, coming here. We’ve done it so many times, and Erin’s inn is so useful. Plus, she’s got so much unique food. Some of its awful—but it’s always new. I can’t stand the inn we’re staying at.”
“The Tailless Thief? The innkeeper’s food is good.”
Keldrass looked mildly offended on behalf of Peslas. Bevussa shrugged.
“That’s true. They’re as good as Erin’s in terms of quality. But they’re all Drake dishes, and I can eat that in Pallass, and far better. Our inns are superior.”
“No arguments there. But the [Innkeeper]—what’s his name—had a new dish. Hamburgers. I thought that was original. Quick food, I think he called it.”
“Yeah, but, apparently the recipe came from Erin.”
“Really?”
Keldrass blinked in surprise. He glanced at the inn coming up ahead of them. Bevussa smiled.
“Do you doubt it?”
“No. But where did she get it from?”
“Search me. There’s something odd about her. Not that I’m complaining. I just—hello?”
Bevussa opened the door and called about inside. The inn was empty. But the first thing that struck the two adventurers was light. They stopped as bright sunlight shone into the inn. The magic door was open and a blue sky and grassy field could be seen through it. It was such an odd sight after the rain that they had to stop in surprise.
“What the—is the door open to Pallass?”
“It can’t be. That takes up too much mana. I thought. Hello?”
Bevussa walked over to the door. She heard cheering as she drew nearer. She blinked as she stared out into the field. Keldrass stood by her and stared around.
“Where is this?”
“Oh, hey!”
The two Gold-rank adventurers had been spotted by a group of Humans lounging on the grass. The Players of Celum waved at them. One of them, a young boy, jumped to his feet.
“You’re more guests for Miss Erin, ain’t ya?”
The adventurers nodded. Grev grinned.
“Hold on, I’ll get her! She’s umpiring the game. Miss Erin!”
The adventurers stared as he raced out of view. They looked at each other. Then they stepped through the door. They stared around. Then they heard a crack. Both ducked reflexively. Then they saw a ball flying through the air and heard a voice.
“Fly ball! Go, Jelaqua, go!”
They saw a familiar Selphid sprinting across the grass. She was moving fast, as if she was in danger. But the cheering that came from the crowd of Humans and Goblins, yes, Goblins was at odds with that idea. So was the grin on Jelaqua’s face. She rounded a pillow on the grass and dove as the Hobgoblin on another pillow reached out and caught a ball flying towards him. There was a cheer and the two saw Erin run forwards, waving her arms.
“Safe! That was safe!”
She turned as Grev grabbed her shirt. Erin turned and looked surprised to see Keldrass and Bevussa.
“Bevussa! Uh, Keldram? Oh man, did you walk here? Sorry, we’re closed! I can get you to Pallass if you need it, but I’m not selling any meals right now! We’re having a vacation!”
“Uh, no. That’s not why we’re here. We were hoping to find the Halfseekers. And Griffon Hunt if they’re here.”
“I haven’t seen Griffon Hunt. But the Halfseekers are playing a game!”
Erin indicated Jelaqua as the Selphid waved at Pisces and shouted at him as he took a position with a long wooden bat.
“We saw. What’s the game called?”
“Baseball! Hold on—Grev, you umpire. I’ll explain.”
It took Erin several minutes to explain the game to the bewildered adventurers. In that time Pisces bunted the ball Badarrow threw. He didn’t just run, he blinked across the field using [Flash Step]. The Goblins scrambled to keep up, but Pisces got to second without being caught.
