5.46
Page 3
“No! Okay, sometimes. Not on purpose. No, you hit balls, and then run around this…this diamond. It’s not actually a diamond, it’s actually three, no, four bases. On the ground. You run from base to base while the other team—there are teams—tries to get the ball you hit and tag you out. And if you run all the way around and get back where you started, you score!”
Jelaqua glanced up at Moore. The half-Giant was scratching his head.
“And you win? Is that the point of the game?”
“Nope! You get a point! And if you’re tagged, you’re ‘out’. And if you get three outs, the other team gets to hit the ball. And we change sides like that like…nine times. Whoever has the highest score wins. Unless there’s a tie.”
“What happens then?”
“Then we play another round until one team has more points than the other. Both teams get a chance at bat—that means hitting the ball. And if one team gets more points by the end they win the game. If not, we play another inning. That’s both teams pitching—throwing the ball—and batting—hitting the ball.”
Ceria looked at Pisces. He raised both eyebrows and smiled sardonically. Ksmvr raised his other hand, not having lowered the first one.
“Miss Solstice, what happens if both teams fail to aquire more points?”
“Then we keep playing. Forever. Or until one team can’t play anymore.”
Erin stared at Ksmvr. He nodded.
“Defeat by attrition. Very appropriate.”
“Right. So that’s baseball. Any questions?”
The adventurers, Mrsha, Bird, and Lyonette looked each other. Then they all raised their hands. Ksmvr raised his third one. Erin sighed.
“Let me try again.”
 
—-
 
A few explanations later, Ceria understood baseball. At least, she understood how the game was played. There was a logic to it—hitting a ball sounded like fun and the gloves made sense to her now. Still, she had declined to practice at first. The Halfseekers and Mrsha had volunteered to take the equipment and hit a few balls. Everyone else was sitting and watching as Erin coached from the sidelines.
“Okay! Aim for Moore’s glove, Seborn! Not at Jelaqua! Mrsha, you stay in the outfield! Grab the ball when it goes flying and throw it at Lyonette!”
“Alright! Throw that ball, Seborn!”
Jelaqua grinned as she swung the baseball bat energetically. Moore, crouching behind her with his hand open—he was holding a tablecloth for a glove since Erin hadn’t wanted to pay for a glove for his hands—eyed Jelaqua’s bat with some apprehension.
“Don’t let go of that bat, Jelaqua. And please don’t hit me in the head.”
“Relax! I’ve got this! Throw, Seborn!”
The Drowned Man did. Erin had shown him how to pitch, and the [Rogue] threw the ball surprisingly fast. Jelaqua swung. Her bat whiffed the air as the baseball bounced off of Moore’s palm. The half-Giant picked up the ball between two fingers and threw it clumsily back at Seborn.
“Aw.”
“Strike one!”
Erin waved her arms. Jelaqua looked over.
“What? Am I out already?”
“No, you get two more chances!”
“Got it! Throw me another, Seborn!”
The Drowned Man did. Ceria watched the ball flash past Jelaqua. The Selphid blinked.
“Hey, not that fast!”
“Too bad. I’m trying to win here.”
Seborn smiled as Moore threw the ball back to him. Jelaqua growled and swung the bat around. Ceria watched as Seborn wound up and threw the third ball. This time Jelaqua had the timing down. She stepped forward and swung.
The crack of bat hitting ball made Mrsha look up. She’d been playing in the grass impatiently. Her eyes widened as she saw the baseball flying overhead. She raced after it as Jelaqua looked around.
“Did you see that?”
“Run for first base!”
“Oh, right!”
