5.46
Page 7
“Sure!”
Erin stood up. She smiled at Ceria and then cupped her hands.
“Hey guys! Want to play a real game? With teams?”
The others looked up. They looked at each other and shrugged. Jelaqua shouted back.
“Sure! Let’s play a bit. Then we can eat!”
The others nodded. They trooped over to home base as Erin walked forwards with Ceria. The game wasn’t amazing. It wasn’t fantastic or exciting. It was sort of fun. But that was what they needed. A game of baseball in the sun.
 
—-
 
The first game was simple. It was between the Horns of Hammerad and the Halfseekers, with Bird, Lyonette, and Mrsha acting as extras for the outfield team. Octavia watched from the sidelines with a bowl of popcorn as Erin umpired the game.
“Alright! Game one! We’ll play till one side scores five points, okay? Jelaqua, you’re up for bat first! Pisces, throw the ball!”
“Don’t let her hit the ball, Pisces! That’s an order!”
Ceria shouted at Pisces from first base. The [Necromancer] sniffed and awkwardly raised the ball.
“Very well. Allow me to throw a truly unhittable pitch. Like so—”
He threw the ball as fast and hard as he could without warning. It was a good pitch. But Jelaqua was quicker. The Selphid grinned and swung her bat.
“Hah!”
The bat cracked as it connected full-force with the ball. Pisces’ eyes widened and he ducked as the ball flashed by his head. Mrsha and Ksmvr raced after the ball as Jelaqua raised her bat and cheered. Erin shouted urgently.
“Don’t cheer yet, Jelaqua! Drop the bat! Okay, now run for first base! Ksmvr, grab the ball and throw it to Ceria!”
“Captain Ceria!”
Ksmvr threw the ball. Ceria raised her glove, swore as she saw Jelaqua charging towards the pillow, and tried to grab the ball. She caught it, but only after Jelaqua had stepped on the pillow. Erin shouted.
“Safe! She’s safe, Ceria! You can’t tag her out!”
The half-Elf looked up. Jelaqua had both claws raised to fend Ceria off. Both looked slightly disappointed. Jelaqua coughed. Ceria scratched her head.
“That was it? She touched the pillow and that’s it?”
“Yup. She’s safe. Until the next ball is hit, she can stay there. Or steal a base.”
“Aha! I knew this game was fun!”
Jelaqua charged towards second base. Ceria swore and ran after her. Erin shouted at both of them to come back.
“Wait, wait! No stealing in the first game! And you can’t just run all the way home! I think.”
“Why not?”
“Well—you’d be caught. If we had a full team. Which we don’t, so—no stealing.”
“Drat. So what do I do?”
Erin pointed back towards home base, where Seborn had the bat and was waiting patiently. Moore was catcher and sitting cross-legged rather than crouching since he was large enough to cover the entire base anyways.
“You just stand there. Seborn will swing and if he hits, you run for second or third, or even home, Jelaqua.”
The Selphid sighed. She scratched a loose scale on her cheek.
“So this is a waiting game?”
“Um. Yeah! But it’s not too long. Hold on. Seborn, let me get out of the way! Pisces, throw another ball when I say so! Try to not let Seborn hit it this time!”
Jelaqua and Ceria awkwardly stood together at first base while Erin had Seborn step up and take a few swings. The Selphid scratched the spines on the back of her head. Ceria coughed. Jelaqua scratched the spines on the back of her Drake body. After a moment she spoke out of the corner of her mouth.
“So. Do you think they’ll let me try out a Raskghar body?”
The half-Elf blinked. Jelaqua grinned sheepishly.
