5.46
Page 21
Not everyone was here to play baseball. In fact, Erin bet that most of the people from Liscor were just here to experience the sun. She could understand. After so long in rainy Liscor, seeing the sun and being able to walk around in the grass was almost addictive. A good deal of her crowd elected not to play after hearing her explanation. But a surprising number did want to try.
“Hey, this looks like fun! I can hit things and not get in trouble for it! Sign me up!”
Relc was first to grab a bat and stomp onto home plate. Erin pointed randomly and assigned three Gnolls and five Drakes to the field.
“Just hit the ball, Relc.”
“I’m gonna do more than that. This Goblin guy? He’s not going to get a single ball past me.”
The Drake locked eyes with Badarrow who was still occupying the pitcher’s mound. The Hob sneered. Relc was so busy giving him the stink-eye that he didn’t even see the first splitter. It dropped underneath his bat. Relc roared in outrage.
“Hey! What was that! That was cheating! Foul ball or whatever!”
“Nope! Sorry, it was within the zone! Try again!”
Relc growled as he swung his bat back and forth. This time Badarrow threw a curve.
“Strike two!”
“Damn it!”
“Hit the ball, Relc!”
One of the Drakes heckled Relc from the grass where Erin had put out blankets and food. Relc lifted a finger and Erin saw Lyonette cover Mrsha’s eyes. Grev just grinned and raised the same finger. The Drake swung the bat wildly, and then hunkered down. He watched the ball fly at him, dip, and then hit it with a roar.
“Take that!”
It was Erin who ducked when the bat hit the ball. She’d forgotten how scary it was to watch baseball up close! Badarrow turned and cursed as the ball went flying deep behind him. Erin stood up sheepishly as Relc crowed.
“Hah! See that?”
“Homerun! That’s definitely a—”
Erin shouted to the Gnolls and Drakes running after the ball. There was no way they’d get it. The ball flew as far as when Headscratcher had hit it. It was high, but far. She saw Ishkr running ahead. The Gnoll was moving fast! But he still wouldn’t make it. The ball had to be going at least four hundred feet—
“Move Ishkr! Run!”
Krshia stood up and shouted at Ishkr. Erin’s jaw dropped. The Gnoll had abandoned his two legs! He bounded along on all fours as the ball fell to earth. The Gnoll dove. Erin saw him roll. She looked for the ball, and then saw Ishkr on his feet, holding it aloft.
“He caught it! He actually caught it!”
Erin jumped up and down excitedly. She’d never seen anything like it! Ishkr ran wildly back to home base as Relc stepped on the pillow, crowing.
“Hah! Best hit ever! Take that you stupid Goblins!”
“Relc, you’re out!”
“What? No I’m not! Did you see how far it went?”
“But Ishkr got the ball!”
“He did? I always hated that guy! Damn, damn, damn—”
Relc stomped off. Erin saw Ishkr return, panting. She looked around. Now everyone was interested. Baseball was a slow sport, but seeing Relc hit a homer on his first try and then Ishkr run hundreds of feet to catch it—that was impressive.
“Hey, can we play a second game over here?”
One of the adventurers called out to Erin. She looked around. They were trying to set up a second game on the side. They did have enough space for it. Plenty of space in fact. And they had balls, enough bats…maybe not enough gloves, but there were always normal gloves. And hands.
“Sure! Why don’t we—okay! Let’s make some teams! We’re going to need another umpire!”
“I volunt—”
Olesm ‘tripped’ as Drassi rushed forwards. The Drake waved her hands about as she ran up to Erin.
“Oh, me, me! Please let me do it, Erin!”
