5.46
Page 19
“Pisces! That’s cheating!”
Erin turned to yell at the [Necromancer]. He yelled back in an aggrieved tone.
“Why? They can use Skills! Why can’t I use magic?”
“Uh—never mind!”
She turned back and beamed at the adventurers.
“You wanna play?”
“Um—not at the moment.”
Keldrass coughed a bit of smoke. He looked at the Halfseekers.
“They’re busy. I’ll come back later.”
“I uh, I’ll do the same.”
“Suit yourself. Hey, can you let the others know the inn’s closed if they come calling? Thanks!”
Erin went back to the game. The two Gold-rank adventurers walked back to the door. They paused as they stepped back into Erin’s inn. On the other side of the door, the rain was falling through the open door that Bevussa had forgotten to close. The inn was dark and the skies were grey. Keldrass glanced back through the door.
“Sunlight. It’s been a long time since I saw that, or so it feels.”
Bevussa looked longingly back as well.
“It’s a nice day out there. Perfect weather for flying.”
“Indeed.”
They looked at each other. Keldrass coughed again. He shifted.
“I told my team I’d be back soon.”
“So did I. We were actually going to get both teams to join us for negotiations. We felt like Erin’s inn would favor them a bit.”
“Sensible. Well. We should get back.”
“Yeah.”
The two stared back into the field. The sun was warm on Bevussa’s feathers. And she remembered the drinks and food the Humans were eating. She wondered what it would be like to swing that bat. It would be nice to hit something that wasn’t a monster’s skull.
“We did promise to go back.”
Keldrass reminded her. Bevussa looked at him. The Garuda’s hesitated, then smiled.
“True. But we could always come back. It’s a beautiful day out there, isn’t it?”
The Drake paused. He looked back out the door. There were more people coming towards the inn. Adventurers looking to do some negotiating. Relc and Klbkch, the Antinium clutching the ropes, Ishkr and another Gnoll coming for their shift…the Drake looked back at the grass. Bevussa nudged him.
“Wanna decide who goes back to get the others?”
“Sure.”
 
—-
 
At first, the City Watch of Celum was bored. It was, after all, an uneventful day in Celum. There were no monster attacks, no important dignitaries or caravans or even criminal activity that needed dealing with. That was good because excitement was often dangerous in their line of work, but dull was dull. It was a relief to have a bit of excitement.
And to begin with, that was exactly what had happened. A bunch of Gold-rank adventurers transporting the magic door through the city? It was all too fun to speculate why and laugh at the unlucky Fabial’s misfortune. They’d even had a chance to spread the word to the Players of Celum and get a few autographs. And from their vantage point on the walls, the bored [Guardsmen] could see the entire troupe head out.
But then the Goblins had appeared. At first the men (there were very few women in Celum’s City Watch) hadn’t believed it. Then they’d seen their comrades racing towards them and had been ready to lock the gates. And then—well, they didn’t know what to think. They’d watched the distant game of baseball begin with much bemusement. Still, their nervousness had quickly become fascination with the game, which was fun to watch for men whose only job was to stand and watch things. But now—
“Hey, look. There are more people coming through that door.”
“I see ‘em. Stop nudging me. Looks like that bird’s back. And a bunch of others. Looks like Drakes…another damn Antinium. Gnolls?”
