5.46
Page 4
The Selphid charged towards the ‘base’ Erin had set up, which was a pillow lying in the grass. Erin waved her arms frantically.
“The bat! Put the bat back!”
“Argh!”
Jelaqua ran back. Mrsha was racing towards Lyonette with the ball in her mouth. The [Barmaid] waved her hands encouragingly, holding a glove up.
“Throw it, Mrsha!”
The Gnoll cub did. The ball went wide of Lyonette. The young woman raced after it with Mrsha as Jelaqua ran onto first base. She raised her arms in celebration.
“I did it!”
“Keep going!”
“Right! Second base!”
Jelaqua ran as Mrsha and Lyonette grabbed the ball and chased after her. She got all the way to third before they caught up. Then Erin had to explain how the rest of the game worked again. Jelaqua groaned.
“Wait, so I just stand here?”
“I mean, you can steal, but it’s dangerous. You don’t have to stand here. This is just to show everyone how the game is played. Let’s have someone else bat. Moore?”
“I’m afraid I couldn’t use one of those bats, Miss Erin.”
The half-Giant smiled apologetically. Erin grinned up at him.
“That’s okay! I got you a special bat! Here—”
She pointed at the oversized baseball bat which was more of a log. Moore blinked. He picked it up and Jelaqua whistled.
“That’s a stick! You could crack a few heads with that thing, Moore!”
“I’d prefer not to. But playing—hm. Yes. Thank you, Erin.”
Moore smiled gratefully at Erin. He took up position at bat as Jelaqua grabbed a glove and sat far behind him. Erin returned to her seat next to Ceria. The half-Elf was still sunbathing. Erin smiled at Ceria.
“What do you think?”
The half-Elf looked up. She had another pillow underneath her head and she’d been reluctantly looking up to see the action. Now she sat up and gave Erin a rueful smile.
“Honestly, Erin? It looks incredibly dull.”
“You think so?”
Erin didn’t seem too offended. She took a seat by Ceria as Moore swung his bat. Slowly. He missed Seborn’s first pitch. Ceria shrugged.
“It’s…well, I don’t want to be rude, but it’s about as fun as chess for me. Pisces likes chess, but I don’t know if he’ll enjoy this game. At least the Halfseekers are having fun.”
“Strike two!”
Jelaqua shouted happily at Moore. The half-Giant frowned at her. Their voices were audible to Ceria and Erin as they sat together.
“Stop yelling at me.”
“It’s part of the game, Moore! Hit the ball already!”
“I can’t see it. It’s hard to swing this bat fast enough, alright?”
“You get one more swing, Moore!”
“That doesn’t seem fair. You got to practice with Seborn.”
“Tough luck! There’s no mercy in baseball!”
“Stop arguing, both of you. We’ll give Moore more swings.”
“Aw, Seborn!”
Erin smiled as she watched the Halfseekers play. Mrsha was lying in the grass, waiting for another ball as Lyonette yawned at first base. Pisces, Yvlon, and Ksmvr had also been recruited to stand at second and third base and in the outfield. They looked around, clearly waiting for something to happen. Bird and Octavia watched from the sidelines.
“It is sort of boring, isn’t it?”
“You think so too?”
“Eh. I never liked baseball too much when I was back home. My dad used to take me to a few games, but he wasn’t the hugest fan either. He would watch the big games and that’s about it.”
“I see. So why are we playing it?”
Erin smiled as she stretched out her legs in the grass. She propped herself up with her arms and watched as Moore swung again.
