5.46
Page 27
That was received well by the Gnolls and Drakes and poorly by Celum’s Watch. Klbkch, who’d opted not to play, cocked his head and spoke calmly.
“I believe that game would be indefinitely long, Relc?”
“What? Don’t you have faith in us, Klb old buddy?”
“I do. I lack confidence in the opposing team’s ability to ever strike us out.”
“Hah!”
“No, no more sides! We’re all tired and I’m running out of sausage-dogs!”
Erin raised her voice to prevent a fight from breaking out. She took a deep breath.
“I think what we need…is a championship.”
That got everyone’s attention. Erin pointed at her first pitch, which was filled with trampled and dirty pillows.
“Here’s what I’m thinking. First, we expand the pitch. We make all the bases twice as far apart. Maybe even a bit more? Because the ball goes flying and you lot can run fast. Then, we make two teams. Not of one side or one adventuring team. Of the best. We take the best eighteen players and make two teams. Dream teams. And whichever side wins…gets a prize.”
“What’s the prize?”
Erin had no idea. She cast about, and then had it.
“Cake! And ice cream! I’ll make some right after we get back!”
Half of the players hadn’t ever had cake or ice cream or even knew what it was. But the other half did and that settled it. The next part was arguing over who would be in each team. Everyone wanted to join in. Jelaqua was quickly selected, as was Moore, although the poor half-Giant hadn’t hit a ball in a game yet. Jelaqua betrayed her earlier mockery of Moore by insisting he be on her team.
“You can be catcher, Moore! We need someone to catch Falene’s balls. She’s on my team, by the way.”
Yellow Splatters found a place on the opposite team, as did Relc. Pisces was nominated, as was Ksmvr for his jumping ability, and Bevussa was the only one of her team who got a spot. Halrac joined much to everyone’s surprise, as did Dawil despite his grumbling. Ylawes wasn’t picked, much to his unhappiness. Seborn and Ishkr found themselves on opposite sides and with a few more picks that Erin didn’t know by name, the teams were formed. However, there was one spot left and Erin filled it herself.
“Headscratcher gets a place!”
Some of the people from Celum loudly objected, but Erin overruled them.
“He can hit the ball as far as anyone else! He’s on the team! I say so!”
The Hob gave Erin a stunned look. She only smiled and waved at the Goblins who were sitting far from everyone else. The audience from Celum grumbled, but they fell silent as the teams took their places. It wasn’t Liscor vs Celum and it wasn’t adventurers vs Goblins. It was two teams, filled with all kinds of people working towards a common goal: cake. With extra frosting.
That wasn’t to say there weren’t sides. Erin could hear betting in the background and Olesm was conferring with Jelaqua on strategy, perhaps in exchange for some of the rewards if her team won. Erin also had to interrupt Octavia, who’d been making a killing selling ‘enhancements’ to each team.
“No potions! I want a clean game! Don’t make me shut you down! Is everyone ready?”
Both teams looked up. They nodded at Erin and she turned. The playing field was occupied by some of the audience who wanted to throw around a ball. Erin raised her voice.
“Alright, the final game is going to begin! Clear the field or you’ll get hit! All Mrshas must leave the field at once!”
