5.46
Page 2
Erin poked her head out of the kitchen. She blinked as she saw Yvlon.
“Oh, hey Yvlon! Did you get my bats?”
Ksmvr poked his head through the doorway.
“Yes, Miss Erin. We have acquired your desired objects. Another successful mission for the Horns of Hammerad. Yvlon requests water as our reward. As do I. Comrade Pisces would like a glass of wine.”
“Sure! Wait—tell Pisces he can’t drink just yet! I’ll be out in one moment! I just have to put this dough in the oven…”
It took a few minutes for Erin to emerge from the kitchen. When she walked outside into the meadow she had a tray with a filled pitcher of water and cups. She raised her voice.
“Hey everyone! Gather around here! I’ve got something to show you! Also: water!”
She placed the tray on the ground. Everyone looked around and got up to come over. Pisces sniffed as Ceria offered him a cup of water. The half-Elf took a sip of the lukewarm water, grimaced, and then raised a hand before Yvlon could pour herself a cup.
“Let me.”
She pointed at the pitcher and conjured a sphere of ice out of the air. She tossed it into the pitcher, making a splash. Yvlon eyed the giant ice cube floating in the water.
“That’s handy. Normally ice is a rare treat.”
“That’s what you get with an ice mage around. You want smaller ice cubes? I like to chew them.”
“Ooh. I’ll have some!”
Jelaqua Ivirith grinned as she walked over. She nodded appreciatively at Ceria as the half-Elf conjured ice cubes out of the air and flicked them into a cup. Seborn took a cup, filled it, drained it, and then sighed.
“Refreshing. No ice, thanks, Ceria. What’s this you have to show us, Erin?”
“Baseball! You got the bats and gloves? And I have baseballs! Hey Mrsha, are you having fun?”
Erin bent down as Mrsha raced over. The Gnoll smiled up at Erin as she grabbed a cup and then ran over to Ceria to get free ice. Lyonette jogged over, huffing, and stared at the baseball bats, gloves, and balls. She glanced at Erin.
“Is this the game you were talking about?”
“Yup! Baseball! The perfect game for today! I thought we could sit outside, play games, eat some food—I’ve got some buns rising in the oven for hot dogs, popcorn, and there’s sausages since hot dogs aren’t made in Liscor. That’s probably a good thing. Anyways, we can try baseball or just have fun!”
Erin beamed. The others looked at each other. Everything sounded good, especially just sitting in the sun. But…Ceria coughed.
“Erin, would you mind explaining what this baseball thing is?”
“Oh. Right. I forgot that uh…well, it’s a game!”
Pisces rolled his eyes.
“Do tell.”
Ceria smirked as Erin glared at both of them. She picked up a bat and one of the hide-wrapped balls she’d bought from Liscor.
“It’s a fun game! I told you, people where I come from play it all the time. Everyone loves it!”
She paused and bit her lip.
“Okay, some people like to play it. I mean, in my country it’s big, but in the world it’s not that huge a sport compared to…”
She scratched her head. Her audience stared at the young woman expectantly. Erin coughed.
“It has fans. And it’s easy to play. Okay, wait, let me explain from the start. Baseball…baseball…”
Erin was at a bit of a loss of how to describe baseball. It wasn’t that she didn’t know the rules and so forth, it was just that she’d never had to explain the game in its entirety. She scratched her head as everyone sipped from their cups.
“I’ve got it! Okay. Baseball is this game. Where you hit balls.”
Ksmvr raised his hand.
“At people?”
