5.46
Page 20
“Huh. Liscor must be filled with non-Humans. Crazy city if you ask me. I don’t see why anyone’d want to live there.”
“Right. Right. Say, there’s a lot of folk coming through. Another pack of Gnolls. More Drakes…Humans…wait a second.”
“Is that—is that Halrac the Grim?”
“It can’t be!”
“Look at him!”
“I can’t see. You’ve got [Keen Eyes]. Is it—”
“That’s him! And those Drakes—they must be other adventurers! Wait, I recognize some of the others! That’s Gemhammer! And all those other Drakes and Gnolls—”
The [Guardsmen] looked at each other.
“They can’t all be adventurers, right?”
“I heard Liscor had a ton of Gold-ranks.”
“Yeah, but—they wouldn’t be here, right? They have things to do.”
“Like Halrac the Grim.”
“Yeah.”
They stared at the distant people flooding through the doorway. A group of Antinium walked through. They wore paint on their carapaces. Celum’s Watch stared.
“There’s so many. Why’re they here? For the game?”
“Can’t be. But—there’s Antinium and Goblins. Do you think—should we raise the alarm?”
“Why? There’s got to be at least eight adventuring teams down there. Do you think they’d be sitting about if there was any danger?”
“Right. So what do we do? Do you think we should tell someone?”
“Tell them what?”
The men glanced at each other. They stared at the crowd filling the field. Then they turned and hollered at their comrades on gate duty.
“Hey, you lot! Come up and see this!”
The [Guardsmen] on duty looked up. They walked up the stairs. And as is the nature of Humans, some of the people on the streets crowded up onto the walls to see. Soon they were watching the crowd in the distance. Then the people of Celum were coming out the gates while the [Guardsman] had to stay on duty. Not because they knew what was going on, but because they thought something interesting was happening and they wanted in. That was people for you.
 
—-
 
“Baseball.”
Erin stood in front of a crowd. She had a bat in her hands and she was nervous. Not because she didn’t know what to say—she’d done this explanation multiple times already. No, it was uh, the size of the crowd that intimidated her.
Gnolls from Celum. Ishkr had brought a bunch of his friends and Krshia and Erill had come with their own group. They were all keen for sun as well as a chance to be outdoors after hiding in the city for so long.
Drakes. Not only adventurers but interested civilians, Relc, Olesm, Selys, and Drassi. No Embria, Zevara, or Ilvriss—they were busy doing official things in the city. That was sort of a relief, actually, and there were plenty of Drakes besides.
Bevussa, Dawil, Falene. The adventurers who’d fought in the dungeon. Griffon Hunt, Gemhammer, the Pride of Kelia, the Silver Swords…
And Pawn and his Soldiers. And Klbkch. Apparently they hadn’t received orders to stop guarding Erin’s inn and Klbkch had come with Relc.
And the Humans from Celum. Erin looked at the crowd. She didn’t get nervous in front of crowds. But this? This was a lot of people. She cleared her throat and went on.
“Baseball. Right. Well, this is a game. Some call it the greatest game. I don’t. I like chess. But baseball is a sport. It’s a game that takes nine people. We’ve got a small demonstration ready, so I’ll run you all through it. You see, it starts with this. This is called a bat. You don’t hit people with it…”
