5.46
Page 23
Erin heard the sound of fighting from behind her as Olesm and Drassi fought for the magically-enhanced speaking crystal. The Goblins and Gnolls were natural baseball players it turned out. One team because they could run faster than any Human and loved to catch, and the other because they were naturals at teamwork. On the other hand, in the pitch she was umpiring…
“Homerun! Again!”
Ylawes’ bat connected with the ball that Halrac had thrown. The [Scout] wore a displeased expression as the [Knight] rounded the bases. Both his team and Gemhammer had hit every ball that Halrac had thrown and the outfield wasn’t good enough to keep up. After he had rounded the bases, Erin called the teams in.
It was Gemhammer and the Silver Swords at bat, and Griffon Hunt and the Wings of Pallass on defense. Halrac had been the pitcher. Erin looked around at the unhappy faces on one side and the smiling ones on the other.
“Okay, I think we have a problem here.”
“Yeah, the problem’s that Halrac can’t pitch!”
“Shut it, Revi.”
The Stitch-Girl glared at Halrac. He looked sourly at Erin.
“Well?”
“Um…she’s sort of right. Halrac, what’s wrong? You’re pitching fast, but the balls keep getting hit. Can’t you make them curve or something like Badarrow?”
The [Veteran Scout] looked unhappy at being compared to Badarrow.
“I don’t make my arrows curve. I hit the target.”
“Which is why they keep hitting the ball! All your balls go straight!”
“You want to pitch? Be my guest! I don’t want to play this game.”
Halrac snapped at Revi. She threw up her hands. Bevussa, who’d been watching all this with mild amusement, raised her talons.
“Hey Erin, we have a problem too.”
“What’s that, Bevussa?”
“We have to run for the ball. But why can’t we fly? We’re the Wings of Pallass, not the feet.”
Erin tilted her head.
“Yeah, but wouldn’t that be unfair? I mean, if you can fly…”
“We still need to get the ball. That’s not always easy. And we hate running. Come on, are there rules against it where you come from?”
“Well…we don’t have many flying people where we come from. It’s uh, mainly Humans.”
The Oldblood Drakes in Bevussa’s team rolled their eyes.
“Figures. Humans.”
“Hey! It’s not in the rules because it doesn’t happen where I come from! Fine! Bevussa, your team can fly. Halrac, Revi—”
“I’ll pitch.”
The other adventurers looked around as Typhenous raised his hand. The old [Mage] grinned and stroked his white beard as Erin stared at him.
“You? But uh—”
“I’m quite hale. And I think I can resolve this. Why not let me try?”
“Suits me.”
Halrac tossed the glove at Typhenous. Erin eyed the old man apprehensively. He looked as if he’d break an arm throwing the ball too hard. The other team certainly thought so. Earlia chuckled as she took up the bat, swinging it hard enough to cut the air. After all, her team was a bunch of former [Miners] and she swung a warhammer in battle. She shouted at Typhenous who was inspecting the hide-wrapped ball.
“Get ready to duck, old man!”
He looked up and smiled at her. Erin prayed Typhenous wouldn’t get hit. She waved as Bevussa and her team took to the air.
“Okay, play ball!”
Typhenous lifted the baseball. He didn’t hold it like a pitcher and Erin saw that he had no idea how to grip it properly. She was just about to shout at him when the ball levitated up in his palm. Erin paused. She saw Earlia’s eyes widen. Typhenous made the ball spin in the air and levitate around his palm. Then he looked at Earlia  and grinned.
“Oh shit.”
The ball drifted up and Typhenous pointed a finger. He spoke.
“[Wind Blast].”
