5.47 G
Page 6
“Didn’t know where to run. Humans hunting. You…unconscious.”
Pyrite tapped his head. Rags scowled at him.
“Then run after!”
“But Humans following. Had to take city.”
“Then run then!”
“But Humans—”
Rags threw her bowl at Pyrite. He raised his claw as the dregs of her soup splashed over him. The two stared at each other in silence. Then Pyrite began licking the soup off his hand.
“Good soup.”
“Bad soup. Tastes like mule.”
Rags drew her legs to her chest and hugged them. Pyrite watched as his Chieftain sulked. After a while he lowered his clean hand and began scraping dried soup off his chest.
“Chieftain did everything she thought was right.”
“She did. Now we run and many die. For nothing.”
The small Goblin spoke into her lap. Pyrite shrugged again.
“Not your fault. Humans attack. Sneaky [Lord]. Lots of armored Humans. Can’t beat. Inevitable.”
“Could have run.”
“Could have. But didn’t. And Chieftain gave one new thing for all tribe.”
Rags looked up suspiciously.
“What?”
Pyrite tapped his chest.
“Level. Me. Redscar. Others. Level. I get Skill. Chieftain gets two Skills. And spell.”
“For thousands of dead Goblins.”
Again the Hob shrugged.
“Didn’t say it was good trade.”
Rags stared at him and then laughed. She uncurled from her ball of self-loathing and stretched out. Pyrite was relieved to see that. He looked around.
“More soup?”
“No.”
The Hob grunted and stood up. He came back with a bowl for himself. Rags eyed it. Now she did want soup. Pyrite noticed and got up. He came back with another bowl and Rags took it with a nod. They ate in silence for a while. Eventually, Rag spoke.
“[Rapid Reload]. And flashfire spell…spellcraft? ”
“Mm. And [Burning Blades].”
Rags snorted. She reached for the shortsword at her side and drew the blade. Pyrite saw her lift it up a bit and mutter a word. The blade burst into flame. Rags waved it around and then rolled her eyes.
“Ooh. Good spell.”
That was sarcasm. Pyrite shrugged, and then nodded. Rags’ new Skills were common knowledge now. The Goblins had been suitably impressed by her new levels. And her Skills were good.
[Rapid Reload] was a Skill that affected the entire tribe. With it, her crossbows and archers could fire even quicker. That was a solid, decent little Skill by anyone’s standards. Rag’s other Skill, [Flashfire Spellcraft] was equally useful, if only to Rags. With it, She could manipulate fire, make it form shapes and use it without needing a specific spell. She could also do tricks like fire a [Fire Arrow] three times as large as a regular one.
According to Noears, this was one of the first steps a [Mage] took. The other Goblins had seen it as a sign that their Chieftain was growing in good ways. They all agreed that [Burning Blades] wasn’t a good spell, though.
The thing was, it was just a spell that set one’s weapons on fire. Not with magical fire either. Just on fire. The flames were hot and they’d last for a good three minutes until they went out. Unless the weapon was wooden. Then the fire would just burn the wood up.
It wasn’t a great spell. It wasn’t even a decent one. Oh, sure, there were probably some Bronze-rank adventurers out there that thought a spell like that was useful, but Goblins were practical. Setting your blade on fire just made it hot to hold. It ruined your night vision and it didn’t really hurt your foe. What was a flaming blade going to do that a regular one wouldn’t? If you stabbed someone in the back, a bit of fire wasn’t going to make them die any quicker. Besides, flaming blades were terrible for sneak attacks.
“Maybe spell has hidden uses.”
“Like what?”
