5.47 G
Page 12
“Maybe that’s the solution. Put him with the [Knights]. They won’t tolerate him ordering them about, and they’re solid. Where are the Goblins now?”
“Passing through a forest.”
The old [Manservant] pointed ahead. Pellmia frowned and blinked his eyes. He rubbed at them angrily.
“Damn. Couldn’t we have forced them to go around?”
“We’d lose an hour or two doing that. It’s not a large forest, but it’s wide. Our riders won’t lose them, Pell.”
“They’d better not. We’re two days away from the meeting spot and I can’t imagine Veltras will be late. He offered me three casks of his personal stock if I made it there on time.”
Kilmet whistled.
“He wants those Goblins there badly, then. Did he say why he’s driving them with such a fury?”
“No, but anyone with a brain can tell where we’re going. Straight south. The real question is why he spared so much effort for this group. The Goblin Lord I can see, but a tribe of less than ten thousand? This group is tricky, but what was the point? Unless he was more concerned about that [Emperor] fellow than—”
Pellmia was interrupted by a bout of coughing from Kilmet. The [Lord] frowned.
“You alright, Kilmet?”
“Fine, sire. It’s just a bit of smoke.”
“Smoke?”
Lord Pellmia stared ahead. And then he saw it. A dark plume of smoke rising ahead of them. From the forest. He frowned. Then he saw someone galloping back towards him.
“Lord Pellmia! The Goblins are in the forest! They’ve set part of it aflame!”
“Damn!”
Pellmia cursed and Kilmet signaled the column of riders to swerve out of the path of the smoke. The [Lord] growled, feeling the stinging in his eyes worsen despite the fresher air.
“Of course they would do that. That damn little Goblin’s their Chieftain. Veltras warned me about her. They’re trying to slow us down. It won’t work. Have five of our [Mages] with water spells ride ahead and douse the flames. And tell the scouts to move the Goblins faster! We’ll catch up.”
“Yes, Lord Pellmia!”
The rider turned her mount and rode ahead faster. Pellmia looked at Kilmet.
“Looks like Gilam will have a bit of excitement. Come on, I don’t want the Goblins to have time to set more fires. I can’t imagine how they found the time to set these ones. Do they have spellcasters among them? I only saw the lightning mage.”
“He probably did the fire setting. Lightning can do that.”
“Yes, but—”
Pellmia paused as he saw the rider galloping back.
“What now?”
“Lord Pellmia! There are more fires starting!”
“Well, put them out—”
“We can’t! There are hundreds! The entire forest is going up! Lord Pellmia, the Goblins—”
Pellmia saw a black haze coming towards him, he turned his head, spluttering and coughing as the horses whinnied. The riders slowed. When Pellmia could see again, he froze.
“Dead gods.”
The single smoke trail had multiplied. Now dozens of areas were bleeding smoke. As Pellmia watched, he saw a red glow begin to spread between the trees. Kilmet stared, a wet handkerchief over his mouth.
“Fire. How did they—”
A roar made all the Humans jump. Pellmia saw a shower of sparks fly up from deeper inside the tree line. The red glow intensified. Now the forest blazed from a hundred different spots. Smoke was rising everywhere. Lord Pellmia stared around in horror. How had the Goblins done it? They hadn’t time to start a fire, let alone gather enough fuel for this!
Then he saw a Goblin amid the trees. It was riding away from them, holding it’s blade aloft. The blade was steel, but it burned.One of the [Mages] cried out.
“Enchantment! The Goblins have enchanted blades! That’s [Burning Blade]!”
