5.47 G
Page 19
Noears dismissively pointed to a pile of gold coins. A few Goblin children were having fun throwing the gold coins around. Pyrite was reading the letter. Rags walked over to him.
“What say?”
The Hob shrugged.
“‘Lady Cimeca, your face is as radiant as a pear in the full moonlight. I yearn to stroke it and speak to you of high matters such as romance and a possible union between our houses. You know my father and yours are close friends and I am most struck by your wit and humors and loveliness. Please give me some token to which I may use for remembrance…’”
Rags tilted her head back and forth, frowning. She cut Pyrite off when it seemed that the letter began to repeat itself, only this time comparing this Cimeca’s legs to swan’s necks or something.
“What it mean?”
Pyrite considered the letter and shrugged.
“Want to have sex.”
“Oh.”
The Hob crumpled the letter up and tossed it away. Rags went back to the bag of holding. She stared at it.
“Can use. Put heavy things inside.”
“Yes, Chieftain. What about horses?”
Noears pointed. Rags stared at the restless horses. Of all the things they’d looted from the Humans, that was perhaps the most valuable. She eyed the snow-white stallion that was pacing back and forth restlessly and shrugged.
“Put on wagons. Good food and goes fast.”
“Yes, Chieftain.”
Noears smacked his lips happily. Redscar came over, flipping a sword up and catching it by the hilt.
“Chieftain, what now? Go this way? Hills. Hard for Humans to follow. Can lose. Or fight.”
He pointed westwards. Rags looked the way he was pointing and saw a distant set of hills. She hesitated, and then shook her head.
“No. We rest. Humans coming.”
“Not run?”
Redscar looked crestfallen. Rags nodded.
“Not run. Can’t.”
The Redfang leader grumbled, but he nodded. The Goblins lay about, just resting, looking at the burnt forest. Rags sat with Pyrite. After a while she looked at him.
“Didn’t kill Human.”
“Hmm. Why?”
“Other Humans kill us.”
“They do that anyways.”
Rags nodded.
“Yes. But maybe they don’t kill as many this way. Maybe they stop. Maybe—”
A horn blew. Rags looked up. She waited, and saw a line of riders circle around the forest. Pyrite looked up as well. The Goblins groaned and got to their feet.
“Maybe, Chieftain?”
“Maybe I’m wrong.”
Rags grumbled as she got up. Her body hurt. And she had burns now. But as she prepared to give the order to run, she saw the riders pause. They formed a line a few hundred meters away. Rags stared at them. She saw a familiar shape in front. Lord Pellmia stared towards the Goblins. He did not give the order to attack. Nor did his [Mages] send the customary rain of fireballs to get the Goblins moving. The horn blew again, but the Humans didn’t advance.
“Get moving! Humans moving!”
Pyrite called out loudly. The Goblins began packing up. Still, the Humans didn’t advance. Rags stared at the distant riders. They were giving the Goblins time. Only a few minutes. After about five had passed the Humans began moving forwards at a trot. But that was enough. The Goblins began moving and the Humans followed. The warhorses tethered to wagons snorted, but pulled the Goblins ahead. And Rags saw the Humans following. They didn’t press the Goblins like last time. They just followed.
