5.47 G
Page 18
“But they didn’t. They let you go. They could have killed you, but they didn’t.”
“Only because they knew what would happen to them if they did!”
“Most likely.”
Pellmia nodded. He thought of the small Goblin who’d met his eyes. His hand closed slowly and then unclenched. Pellmia stared down at his burnt palm. He shook his head.
“They spared you. She did. And I don’t know why. Perhaps it was mercy. Perhaps it was pragmatism. Either way—”
“Father, Olli—”
Pellmia turned. He looked at his son and Gilam went silent. It had been a long time since Pellmia had looked at his son like that. Not as his boy, but as a man looked at another man and gauged his worth. He shook his head.
“Kilmet?”
“Yes, Lord Pellmia?”
Kilmet straightened expectantly. Pellmia glanced at him.
“Have my son find another horse. He’ll ride with the vanguard tonight. Under your authority.”
“But father—”
“And if he gainsays you in any way, spank him as you would your own boy. I have a job to do.”
Gilam made a strangled noise. Kilmet covered a smile as he bowed slightly.
“The Goblins, Lord Pellmia?”
“Yes. We have a duty and I’ve promised Veltras they’d be there. This changes nothing.”
Pellmia strode out of the tent. He left Gilam behind. Pellmia stared past the rows of burnt riders towards the forest. It was ash now, ash and smoke. He mumbled to himself.
“This changes not one thing.”
And yet it did. Pellmia bowed his head and then called for his horse. He mounted it, ready to hunt the Goblins down. He still had a duty. The little Goblin Chieftain had not won her freedom. But for the first time, Pellmia thought of her. How small she was. Was that normal? Or was she someone’s daughter? Did they have mothers? Fathers?
Pellmia had lived for over sixty years. He had survived both Antinium Wars, fought the Goblins on his land. He had not seen the Goblin King’s death, but he had celebrated it. He had known the world with the certainty of a man his age could have. Now the world began to crumble under his feet. But he had a duty. He was just no longer certain it was the right one.
 
—-
 
Rags sat in her camp, tending to her Carn Wolf. She hadn’t named it like Redscar had with his. Names were a silly thing to give to an animal that would probably die in battle. It was bad to get attached. But she still applied the healing potion gently to its burns.
The Carn Wolf wasn’t happy. It nipped her slightly, expressing its discontent at the pain. Rags let it, but bonked it on the nose when it tried again. She turned as a Goblin poked her in the side.
Poisonbite had missed one of her burns, but only just. The other Goblin frowned at Rags. She still didn’t understand why Rags had let the two Humans live. Still, her exuberance over the battle in the forest outweighed her personal issues with Rags.
“Chieftain, have special things. Magic weapons sorted. Also, bag.”
“Bag?”
Rags looked up. She glanced at her Carn Wolf and pointed. Another Goblin took over tending to it. Rags got up and followed Poisonbite. She found Quietstab, Noears, and Redscar sorting through the loot they’d captured from the Humans. A lot of it was just quality steel weapons. There was a weakly enchanted shield, a hatchet with a throwing enchantment on it…and a bag of holding. Rags’ eyes widened when she saw Noears drop a large rock into it and pull it out.
“Good bag. Lots of items can fit.”
“What was in?”
“Food. Gold. Letter. Shared food, tossed gold and letter.”
