5.47 G
Page 13
Several mounted [Archers] raised their bows, but the Goblin disappeared before they could loose. Pellmia turned to the [Mages].
“Stop the fire! Summon some rain!”
“We can’t! We’re not [Weather Mages]!”
“Then douse the fire with water!”
The [Mage] raised her hands.
“From where? We can’t conjure enough! The forest is burning! We have to go around!”
Pellmia nearly tore his mustache off.
“Those Goblins will have nearly an hour’s head start on us! Damn, damn—fine, turn the column! We have to catch them!”
He whirled his mount, about to use one of his Skills. But Kilmet’s voice stopped him.
“Pell!”
“What?”
The [Lord] looked back, harried. Kilmet’s face was pale as he stared into the burning forest.
“Gilam was with the scouts! He hasn’t returned! He must be inside the forest!”
Lord Pellmia felt the blood drain from his face. He stared into the forest.
“No, he rode out. Didn’t he?”
Kilmet looked at the [Scout]. The woman hesitated, and then shook her head.
“I’ve not seen any of the riders. They would have exited the forest the instant they realized it was on fire, but—”
Pellmia didn’t listen to anything else. He charged his warhorse forwards, ignoring the cries from the others. He rode towards the forest, coughing, staring into the inferno. Now fire was licking from the treetops. It had yet to reach the outermost layer, but Pellmia could hear a terrible crackling and snapping from within.
“Gilam!”
“Pell!”
Kilmet caught his friend before Pellmia could charge into the blaze. Pellmia swung his fist and Kilmet staggered but held on. The Lord was shouting as the others caught up.
“Gilam! Where is he?”
“I’m sending a [Message] spell!”
The [Mage] had a finger to her temple. She stared into the fire and then pointed.
“There! East! They’re inside, trying to get out!”
She galloped her mount to the left. Pellmia followed her, heart pounding wildly in his chest. He saw her draw rein and back up her mount. The heat was making the horses shy away from the forest. But then she pointed.
“There! Someone give me a hand! [Wind Blast]!”
She pointed. Another mage cast the same spell and the rush of air cleared the smoke and fire for a second. Pellmia spotted a distant group of shapes on horseback racing through the flames.
“Gilam! Clear a path for him!”
The [Mages] looked at each other, but then they began casting water spells. Pellmia stood up in his stirrups. He and the other riders began shouting, trying to attract the attention of the scouts. Pellmia could see their heads turning. He saw the riders turn towards them. And then—
And then they appeared. Dark shapes moved in the burning forest. The riders halted, and then began to ride the other way. Pellmia stared. Then he saw them more clearly. Bounding shapes. Goblins on wolfback. And running behind them, Hobs and smaller Goblins armed with pikes.
The Goblins were moving. They charged through the burning forest, following the riders. Following Gilam.
“He killed a Hob yesterday.”
Kilmet’s voice was quiet. He was staring into the blaze. A burning branch fell from one tree, sending sparks flying upwards. The forest was turning into an inferno that not even magic could put out. Pellmia saw the riders fleeing. But the Goblins were surrounding them. He pointed with a shaking hand.
“Forwards! Don’t let them—”
“No! It’s a trap! Don’t let Lord Pellmia enter the forest! Stop him!”
Someone grabbed him as he tried to kick his warhorse forwards. Pellmia fought the hands. He screamed as true terror flooded his chest. His boy was in there. He drew his sword and the hands fell back.
