5.47 G
Page 5
Rags stood together with the others. She was staring at Gilam. Not running. Pyrite, Quietstab, Poisonbite, Redscar, and Noears all stared silently at Gilam. The young man hesitated. Then he gestured at Kilmet angrily.
“Loose some arrows! I want those Goblins moving!”
“Young lord, you know that’s the Goblin—”
“I don’t care! I want—”
Gilam turned back. He stared at the place Rags had been, but only saw Goblins. They were all moving now, and the chieftain was gone. He glared at their backs, but then turned and rode away. Kilmet eyed the moving Goblins and then turned to one of the [Mages].
“Send a message to Lord Pellmia. Inform him the Goblins have begun moving. We’ll have to follow.”
“Damned idiot. We all need a break, not just the Goblins.”
The [Mage] grumbled as she began sending the spell. She wasn’t a retainer to Lord Pellmia’s house. Kilmet opened his mouth, but forbade comment. He watched Gilam riding back and shook his head. It was an inconvenience Lord Pellmia would not be pleased about, but his affection for his son meant that Gilam would get away with just a lecture. And it wasn’t as if a single Hob mattered to whatever plan Lord Tyrion Veltras had, after all. He let the Hob’s corpse lie and gave orders to untether the mules. That was all he thought on the matter. It was another dead Goblin.
But Rags remembered. All the Goblins did.
 
—-
 
“Twofeather.”
Rags looked up. Pyrite sat around the small campfire. He stared into it, chewing slowly on the soup he’d been given. He glanced up.
“Her name.”
The dead Hob. Rags nodded. She stirred her soup with her wooden spoon, appetite low. She forced herself to eat anyways. She had to sleep soon.
It was night. The Goblins lay on a natural stone road, which was where they’d gotten when the Humans had stopped pursuing them. They hadn’t even bothered to find a more suitable spot to rest; they’d just collapsed in exhaustion.
Small cook fires were the only sources of light. Goblins lay around them, eating and then rolling over and sleeping at once. Rags sat at her fire with Pyrite. Her legs burned. She didn’t know how far she’d run. With her [Fleet Foot] Skill, her tribe could move very quickly. But the Humans had pushed them to their limits even so.
It was the end of the third day. Unlike the previous two nights, Rags hadn’t called for her lieutenants. She didn’t have another plan that involved outrunning the Humans or giving them the slip. She just ate and stared into the fire. After a while she looked up.
“Know her? Twofeather?”
Pyrite shrugged.
“Fought with. Knew. Close-by tribe when I was Chieftain. Good fighter. In battle against Humans at city, watched back.”
“Why name?”
The Hob touched his pointed ears.
“Wore two feather.”
“Oh. What bird?”
“Duck.”
“Duck?”
“Liked to eat duck.”
“Duck is good.”
“Mhm.”
That was all there was to it. Rags bowed her head. She hadn’t known Twofeather personally, but the Hob had been part of her tribe. She’d fought for her, and now she had died for Rags. The small Chieftain stared into the fire. Pyrite finished his bowl and then looked up. He stared at Rags for a while. Then spoke.
“What did you do wrong?”
Rags looked up at him. Pyrite shifted his heavy body.
“Others say you did nothing wrong. But you think you did things wrong. What?”
“Should have run. Shouldn’t have fought.”
The small Goblin shook her head. Pyrite scratched his.
“But Humans attacked first.”
“After we attack army. Should have let be.”
“But were killing Frostfeeder tribe.”
Rags had forgotten about that. She hesitated.
“Okay. Should have run after poison attack.”
