5.48 G
Page 24
The Redfang Warriors roared. The ones around Garen surged forwards. Garen unsheathed his blade. His Carn Wolf crouched—and then stopped. So did Garen. He stared down at the glowing, fiery battleaxe whose edge was inches away from his Carn Wolf’s nose.
“What?”
“This is an axe.”
Pyrite casually held the battleaxe in front of Garen’s Carn Wolf. The Hob stared up at Garen. Then he pointed a thumb. Garen turned his head.
Dozens of Goblins with crossbows were aimed at him. And Goblins with pikes were set up, ready to pincushion Garen and his warriors. Garen looked around and saw Rags.
“Beat you once. Strategy or not.”
She shrugged.
“Try again. Go on.”
Garen didn’t. He glared around, hand tight on his blade, but slowly sheathed it. He looked down at Rags in disgust, completely ignoring Redscar.
“This is your fault. Humans chased from mountain. Goblin Lord here. Should die.”
“Didn’t look bad to me.”
Rags countered, although that was half a lie. She still shuddered to remember the Goblin Lord’s unnatural eyes. And she’d seen more undead lurching around in his army. But Pisces had been a [Necromancer]. And his Goblins didn’t look any worse for wear than Tremborag’s forces. She glared up at Garen.
“You told me Goblin Lord was evil. Used undead. Treated Goblins bad. Was that a lie?”
“He is a slave. He betrayed kind.”
Garen hissed at Rags. He seemed serious. And he was a bad liar. Rags considered this.
“Didn’t look bad.”
“You know nothing! He is slave! Ask! He raises undead! He has master! He is not-Goblin!”
Garen shouted at Rags. He pointed to the camp and his voice was loud enough to be heard by everyone.
“The Goblin Lord is a traitor! He betrayed kind!”
“Like Garen betrayed his tribe?”
Rags stared up innocently at Garen. His eyes bulged. He made a strangled noise and nearly drew his sword again. At the last moment he caught himself. He stared at Rags and turned.
“This is not over.”
He turned and rode his Carn Wolf out of her camp. His Redfang Warriors followed, glaring at their comrades in Rags’ camp. Rags watched Garen ride back to Tremborag’s faction. She could see the Great Chieftain sitting there. His face was turned to her, but as she looked over he turned away and began eating.
“Fun.”
Poisonbite scowled and sheathed her poisoned daggers. She stomped away now that the threat of violence was done with. Rags just wiped her forehead. She looked at Redscar, who was scowling at the ground.
“Alright?”
“No.”
He looked up and at Rags. There was pain in his eyes. Rags nodded. She left Redscar behind as the other Redfangs clustered around him. The other Goblins dispersed, clearly shaken by the confrontation.
Noears staggered towards Rags, clutching his bottom. She wrinkled her nose and backed up. The [Mage] gave her a pale grin.
“Chieftain, bad? Fight?”
“Not now. You go poo there.”
Rags pointed back to the latrines. Noears nodded gratefully and shuffled off. Rags backed away and decided to check the horse meat again. She was just finishing and wondering if it was time to sleep—after all, they’d be marching tomorrow—when she heard the sound of Goblins chanting. She turned.
“Redfang!”
The Goblins in Tremborag’s faction were shouting. Not many of them—barely a thousand or so. They were shouting one word. Redfang. Rags didn’t hear Garen’s voice, but the Goblins shouted again and again.
“Redfang! Redfang!”
It was clearly a provocation. Rags saw the warriors in her camp stir. They formed into their own group and began shouting back.
“Redfang!”
