5.49
Page 17
“Hide it in Bird’s room. Maybe in his bed since he never uses it.”
“Ooh, good idea.”
“I don’t suppose you’d let us make an offer for that axe, would you?”
Revi looked pained as Erin shifted the axe aside. She gestured towards her belt.
“I don’t know about the other teams, but my summoned warriors could do with magical gear. And that axe is a Gold-rank weapon…”
Erin shook her head.
“Sorry. This is going to the Goblins. They earned it and they can decide what to do with it. Speaking of which…Pebblesnatch?”
She raised her voice. The other adventurers turned to the door. They heard some shuffling and then Moore’s voice.
“Oops. Excuse me.”
The half-Giant moved out of the way. A little Goblin appeared in the doorway. Pebblesnatch’s belly was round and she was gnawing on some cheese. She was the only Goblin present in Erin’s inn. The Hobs were in their cave, managing the other Cave Goblins. But Pebblesnatch had refused to go with them and for good reason. She was eating nonstop in Erin’s inn, so much so that Erin was afraid she’d injure her stomach or something.
But the Goblin seemed to be able to eat without issue. She could certainly afford to put on some pounds. Erin saw Pebblesnatch pause as she stared at the room full of adventurers and then glance with interest at the axe. Erin smiled encouragingly at her.
“Hey Pebblesnatch. Can you go downstairs and tell the Hobs I want to speak with them? It’s nothing important, but I’d like all five of them to see this.”
The little Goblin nodded. She tucked the cheese under one arm and walked downstairs. Jelaqua shook her head.
“I swear, that Goblin’s eaten twice her body weight in the last few days. I envy that. Are you going to make her an employee, Erin? What about the Hobs? All those Goblins have to go somewhere. Are they going back into the dungeon or what?”
Everyone looked at Erin. She hesitated.
She’d lied to Ilvriss. She did know how many Goblins were in the cave. The answer was a lot. And the Redfang Warriors were training them. They’d already started teaching the Cave Goblins how to fight like they did. As for plans—Erin had none.
She knew that the Goblins were a problem for Liscor, but she didn’t know what was going to happen. They could go back into the dungeon, but it was so dangerous. Then again, if they stayed above, they’d quickly become a problem as soon as the rains stopped and people started travelling to Liscor. She wondered if the Redfangs had a plan.
If they did, Erin hadn’t discussed it with them yet. She shook her head at Jelaqua.
“Nothing yet. But they’re not causing trouble for now. They just fish and cook all the time. And poke Shield Spiders.”
“You should seal that nest. One of the larger spiders breaks through the wall and there will be a problem.”
Halrac grumbled. Erin nodded.
“I’ll tell the Hobs that. Speaking of which…”
She turned expectantly to the door. There was a pause, and then someone shuffled into view. Pawn scratched his antennae as everyone stared at him. He froze.
“Oh. Hello. I was looking for Bird.”
“Hi Pawn. Look at what I got paid!”
Erin smiled at Pawn, despite him not being five Hobs. The Antinium peered into the room and nodded.
“That is a lot of gold. I am appropriately envious and happy for you, Miss Erin.”
“Thanks. Hey, do you think the Antinium will get paid a lot? You guys did fight with everyone else. Are you trying to get an artifact or gold?”
Pawn paused. He closed his mandibles and lowered them in a frown.
“Paid. Ah, you mean the distribution of wealth. I do not believe the Antinium were offered anything for our assistance in the battle.”
