5.49
Page 13
This wasn’t the first time she’d been stopped on the street. Somehow, she’d become a minor celebrity in Liscor. Or rather, she suspected Drassi had something to do with it. It wasn’t the first time Erin had been involved in something big, but this was the first time people came up and thanked her for doing something. She kept telling them she hadn’t done much, but—
It was embarrassing. But it felt good. Erin walked through the street, keeping her hood raised. She was still stopped twice more, once by a Gnoll, and then by a Drake. Trying to keep hidden was no good when you had neither fur nor scales and no tail. You tended to stand out.
Erin arrived at her destination as she talked with the Drake, a [Tailor] who walked along with her to Market Street. She was talking with him as she stopped to wait in front of a stand with a few customers.
“It was really the Goblins. Really.”
“But the adventurers did all the work. The Goblins helped the Raskghar.”
The Drake frowned impatiently. Erin nodded.
“Yeah, but the Goblins helped find the Raskghar camp. And they saved a lot of the Gnolls.”
“But the Goblins are monsters.”
The Drake pointed that out as if he was saying the sky was raining. It was a fact. Erin paused.
“Maybe. But they’re not all bad.”
“What about the Goblin Lord? You do realize that the last Antinium War featured the Goblin King? He nearly destroyed the continent!”
The Drake looked expectantly at Erin. She nodded.
“That’s true. And there are bad Goblins out there. I’m just saying that there are good Goblins too, you know?”
“Good Goblins.”
The Drake savored the words as if they were new. He shook his head.
“If you say so, then I guess I’ll believe it. Look, I really just wanted to shake your hand. I knew one of the [Guardsmen] who got killed and—I’m glad you helped kill those Raskghar bastards. Your inn’s pretty popular, you know.”
“Really?”
“Well yeah. It’s like this attraction. Everyone knows about the crazy Hum—I mean, The Wandering Inn. Yeah. Ahem.”
He coughed as Erin gave him a flat look. The [Tailor] looked around.
“I’ll have to visit it sometime. Goblins or…well, I’ll visit. Thanks.”
He waved at Erin and trotted off. Bemused, she turned back to the stall. The customers in front of her had done their business. A female Gnoll leaned over the counter and grinned at Erin.
“It seems you’re quite well liked, yes, Erin?”
Erin made a face at Krshia. The Gnoll laughed and beckoned her closer so Erin could step beneath the stall’s awning.
“People keep coming up to thank me! Or tell me how they know about my inn. I think it’s my new uh, trait. I really do, Krshia.”
“Hrm. [Local Landmark]. I have heard that buildings can acquire such traits—or titles, yes? But it is the first time I have known someone with such a thing. Gnolls do not have many structures, so it is rare for us, yes?”
Krshia tidied up her counter, wiping away water with a cloth. Erin nodded.
“It’s so weird. But good! I really think I’m making a name for myself. And—well, guess what Krshia? I went to see Ilvriss and you’ll never believe what happened!”
“He gave you money, yes?”
Erin wavered.
“Well—okay, you might believe it. But listen—”
She began to tell Krshia what had happened in a hushed voice. Erin grew more indignant as she relayed the conversation about the Goblins. Krshia nodded as she wiped her counter and then wrung her cloth out. When Erin had finished she snorted, and then began to laugh.
“And you insulted him? A Wall Lord? You told him he was not fair? To his face?”
“Yeah.”
Erin watched as Krshia threw back her head to guffaw. She scowled at the Gnoll.
