5.49
Page 14
“Well, he wasn’t being fair! The Goblins deserve more than a crummy axe!”
Krshia shook her head.
“Erin. You are an amusing friend to have, yes? But also, I think, somewhat foolish.”
She flicked Erin’s hair with a claw. The Human bristled.
“Hey! What is that supposed to mean?”
Krshia fixed Erin with one large brown eye.
“Wall Lord Ilvriss, he told you why he did what he did, yes? The Goblins cannot be paid. For a Wall Lord of Salazsar to do the paying? It would be embarrassing! It would admit that monsters did more work than any adventurer.”
“But that’s true!”
The [Shopkeeper] shrugged.
“True or not, I would not pay the Goblins a single coin. He is right, yes? It may not be fair, but he did give you an axe. A magical weapon of great power, is it not?”
“Yes, but—it’s still not fair. The Goblins probably deserve two artifacts! Or three!”
Krshia nodded reasonably.
“And if they had them, the other adventurers would riot. Is that better?”
Erin hesitated.
“No, but—”
“But? Will you say that they should not be upset, so it should be done anyways? Goblins would get nothing if it were not for you, I think. That they were given anything—a magical weapon­ no less is incredible.”
“Yeah. But it’s still not fair.”
Krshia shook her head.
“Fair? Fair is never something that happens. Erin Solstice, you complain of the Goblins being rewarded. Will you complain that they were not given a parade? Or praised by all? Look at things less from how they should be and look at them how they are. Is this not better?”
She waited as Erin bit her lip and mulled this over.
“A little better. Yeah, I guess that’s true. But it could be better.”
She looked down at the bags of money and felt Krshia flick her hair again. The Gnoll sniffed dismissively.
“But, but, but. You Humans are full of buts and ifs. Look at what you have. Gold. And treasure. Look around. People come to you and thank you. They listen to you when you say ‘Goblins are good’! We are grateful. You be too.”
She looked at Erin seriously. The young woman wavered, and then realized she was complaining a lot.
“You think I’m being grouchy, don’t you? Or silly.”
“Mm. Perhaps just a bit. But I understand you. And if you understand me—it is better. Erin. Is today not better than before?”
Erin looked at Krshia. The [Shopkeeper] spread her arms wide. Her stall was smaller than before. It was wet. But…Erin smiled.
“It is. You’re right, Krshia.”
The Gnoll smiled approvingly. And she and Erin stood together in the rain and the issue of the Goblins passed from Erin’s mind. She stood and chatted with Krshia as they had done once. Just as before. Everything was the same and different. Krshia smiled as she and Erin leaned on the counter.
“How is Mrsha?”
“Better. She doesn’t have nightmares every night. Lyonette’s giving her a tiny bit of faerie flower nectar with her before-bed milk.”
“Mm. That is good. I know Erill and the others have suffered. Perhaps I could buy some of their nectar for them? Do you have enough to sell?”
“Oh! That’s a great idea! I’ve got enough. I used to have only a few flowers, but they’ve really been growing of late. I can get a small bottle together—you don’t need more than a drop, really. No charge for the others.”
“You are kind. But I think I will pay you a bit so I might charge others. Not the ones who were rescued, but it would be nice to sell. How is the inn?”
“Busy. We’re putting on The Hubris of the Raskghar every night, and I think we’ll do The Glass Menagerie next. I’m uh, running out of plays to give the actors.”
