5.49
Page 10
“I’ll take the money. But this isn’t right. And you know it! I thought you were—I thought you were better than this! More honorable!”
“Human.”
Ilvriss looked steadily at Erin. She turned angrily and stomped to the door, the bags of money in her hand. Ilvriss raised his voice.
“Human.”
“Don’t—”
Erin whirled, face ready. She was ready to pop. But she paused as Ilvriss reached down and pulled something up.
The golden axe with the green edge. Ilvriss put it on the table and pushed it towards her. Erin stared at the axe.
“What’s that for?”
Ilvriss gave Erin a blank look to match her own.
“That’s an axe.”
She opened her mouth, and then glared and hefted the bag of gold like a shot put. Ilvriss sighed.
“It’s a potent magical artifact recovered from the Minotaur. Calruz, I believe his name is. Unfortunately…I seem to have misplaced it.”
Erin stared at the axe and then at Ilvriss. Slowly, she lowered the bag. Her arm was getting tired anyways.
“Really? That’s awfully careless of you.”
Ilvriss bristled a bit.
“Well, I wasn’t the one to lose it. I was inventorying the artifacts recovered and found a discrepancy. And, naturally, I searched quite diligently for the artifact, but it was nowhere to be found. I naturally suspected a [Thief], but what high-level rogue would stop at stealing only one magical artifact? Perhaps it was lost in the recovery process from Liscor. It may well have sunk into the lake, or remained in the Raskghar camp by accident.”
He stared pointedly at the axe. So did Erin.
“That would suck.”
“Indeed. Unfortunately, the weapon was marked as lost. Not to be found again. And the record of it was—erased.”
Ilvriss carefully picked up a piece of parchment. As Erin watched, he tore it up. She stared at the axe.
“So this axe—”
“What axe? No weapon that has a magic jade edge which can enlarge itself into an enchanted blade was ever recovered from the dungeon. The records show that quite explicitly. This? This is a paperweight. And I don’t have time for distractions. I have artifacts to sort out. Human, your kind often deals in trash. Take this out for me as you go, will you? Toss it away somewhere. Or give it to the Goblins. They enjoy trash, or so I’ve heard.”
Ilvriss pushed the axe across the table to Erin. She stared at it. Then, slowly, she picked it up.
“Oof.”
The Drake coughed.
“You can put it in the bag of holding. Which I’ll need back, as I said.”
“Aw, I can’t have it?”
“No.”
Erin opened the bag and clumsily tried to put the axe in. To her surprise, the haft of the axe sank into the bag until only the head was visible. She popped it into the bag and stared at the plain leather sack.
“That’s a cool magic trick.”
“Indeed. Now, as to the Goblins. It’s regrettable, but they’ll have no compensation. As is only right. I will brook no objections, Human.”
Ilvriss folded his arms. Erin started, and then stared at him. She looked at the bag of holding and then Ilvriss. He waited for her to do…something. But Erin just stared. She grew still and Ilvriss began to feel uncomfortable as she looked him up and down.
At last, Erin made a sound like a laugh. She shook her head.
“I don’t know if that was nice or not. I think you’re a good person, Ilvriss, somewhere in there. But there’s still being fair and—well, bending the rules to do the right thing. There’s a difference.”
She looked at Ilvriss. He felt a spark of anger in his chest, surprising him.
“I do what I have to do for my people. Law and custom can’t be so easily ignored, Human.”
