5.49
Page 7
Erin snatched her hand back before she could touch a suit of armor that looked as though it was made of blue metal and bronze. She stared at Ilvriss. He sighed and took his eyeglass off.
“What do you want, Solstice?”
“Nothing…I was just checking on you. And Olesm. It’s been a while. You’re good, right?”
Ilvriss sat back in his chair and folded his arms. Erin gave him a big smile. She reached for a bag at her side.
“Wanna cookie?”
“Is it sugary?”
“Yes?”
“Then my answer is no. Why are you here?”
“Can’t I be here to give everyone good cheer?”
Ilvriss slowly raised one of his brows. He had no eyebrows, but the effect was largely the same. Erin put her hands behind her back and studied the room, taking in the parchment, Ilvriss, and the gold sitting in the bags next to him.
“You’re busy, I get that. I bet you have a lot of paperwork and I’m sorry for bothering you. But…I dunno, it feels like we should all be giving thanks for defeating the Raskghar, don’t you think. And I dunno, celebrating the teamwork? The joint effort? Goodwill towards Humans and Drakes? And Goblins?”
The Wall Lord waited. Erin indicated the gold in the bags meaningfully.
“Hint, hint.”
They stared at each other for a few more seconds. At last, Erin gave in.
“Can I have some money?”
“Is that all you came here for?”
“Yes! No! Okay, yes. I really could use some gold.”
Ilvriss glanced at Erin as he leaned back in his chair. His tail curled around his chair leg.
“Is your inn doing that poorly? I was under the impression that your plays had resumed and that Liscor’s citizenry were frequenting your inn quite often. The Hubris of the Raskghar is the name of the play, is it not?”
“What? Oh, that. Yeah, we’re filling the inn each night! I’m making tons of coin! Uh…but I could use more? I did help with the Raskghar, remember?”
“I recall. Why is the need for coin so pressing?”
Erin scuffed at the carpet with one foot.
“Well…I’ve got expenses. The Goblins, you know? They’re sort of an additional expense. I’ve been trying to feed them at least one meal per day, but uh, buying that much food is expensive. I can handle it! But I heard you were giving out money so…”
“The lottery and division of the coin and artifacts will happen later.”
“Oh. Right.”
The young Human woman stared at Ilvriss. She looked around the room and seemed to be deciding whether to leave or not. Ilvriss stared at her and then leaned forwards.
“The Goblins are still connected to your inn via that magical door, are they not?”
“Yup.”
“Something will have to be done about them soon. You are aware of that, aren’t you?”
“Like what?”
The Wall Lord narrowed his eyes.
“Liscor cannot have a few hundred Goblins nesting close to the city. It is a security risk and it will kill trade. The Goblin Lord may be on the run, but until the Humans destroy his army, the Goblins are a legitimate threat.”
Erin sighed. She took a seat across from Ilvriss without being asked.
“I know that. But these Goblins helped us. They saved the Gnolls. Without them everyone would be dead. You remember that, right?”
“I haven’t forgotten. But that changes none of the facts. The…Hobs under your command were one thing. But three hundred Goblins—how many of them are in that cave, incidentally?”
“Dunno.”
“You have no idea? Surely you’ve counted.”
“Well, there are a lot of them, but I didn’t sit and count them one by one. Why would anyone do that? There’s Goblins. Y’know?”
