5.49
Page 20
“We have to agree. It is disappointing. Fair, but disappointing. I have no doubt we can negotiate for one artifact, but it might not be what we wish. As for the monetary costs…well, we’ll most likely have to forgo all the gold for a chance at one artifact.”
“Oh. I’m sorry.”
Erin felt bad as she thought about that. It was true. The Halfseekers and Griffon Hunt had sacrificed a lot. They’d lost Ulrien. And now they had to gamble on whether they’d get anything worthwhile.
The Hobs stared thoughtfully at the adventurers. Then they looked at the gold. Badarrow picked up the gold piece again and looked at it. Then he bit it. He frowned at the faint teeth marks in the gold piece and showed it to Rabbiteater. The other Hob bit the coin as well and licked it thoughtfully. He showed it to Headscratcher who nodded, and true to his name, scratched his head.
“This is good?”
“Yup. This is what adventurers look for. This and gems and magical artifacts. And uh…”
Erin looked at the others. Jelaqua shrugged.
“Artwork. Vases, tapestries, old documents, books, magical and nonmagical. Gilding on the walls…”
“Old maps can be worth a fortune. As well as correspondence. You can make a fortune on the right letters.”
Revi smiled.
“I heard someone sold a love letter from an old [Archmage] of Wistram to a Chandrarian [Queen] for ten thousand gold pieces. It was worth more than the gemstones they found!”
The Hobs stared at her. Then they looked at each other. Headscratcher wandered over to the table. He picked up the empty bag of holding and peered into it. He dropped a coin inside and watched as it vanished. Then he tossed it to Numbtongue. The Hob grunted as he inserted his entire arm into the bag. He waved it at Erin.
“This thing. Can we take it?”
“Oh, no. Sorry. I have to give it back.”
The Hob nodded.
“We’ll give back. But borrow for little while?”
Erin hesitated.
“Well, sure. Why not? Do you need both?”
The Hobs conferred. They nodded. Numbtongue turned to the others.
“We go. Come back later. You wait.”
He waved vaguely at the room then walked out the door. The adventurers watched as the Hobs followed him. Ceria frowned.
“Does he mean wait here?”
Revi snorted.
“Bugger that. As Dawil would say. Come on, if they’re coming back I need a drink to wash the poverty off my tongue. Look, let’s all sit down and figure out who gets what once and for all.”
“I want that bow. You’re not talking me out of it, Revi.”
Halrac walked past her. Erin looked at Lyonette who shrugged and stared at the gold coins.
“They took the bags. We’ll have to haul this up by hand.”
“Ooh. Yeah. Well, maybe let’s leave it until they come back.”
The group went downstairs. Erin smiled as she walked into her common room. It was bustling, but for once she didn’t have much to do. Gnolls and Drakes circulated the tables, led by Ishkr and Drassi. They served food and drink and Erin could sit with Lyonette, Mrsha, and the adventurers as they argued.
Erin poured herself a cup of juice and sat with the others. She tried defusing the arguments that began to spring up. She was glad none of the other teams were here. They were probably cooling off. Last night had seen Keldrass and Jelaqua nearly come to blows. Even good-natured adventurers like Bevussa and Dawil had gotten annoyed by the arguing.
“All this over artifacts. I’m glad I don’t have a horse in this race.”
Lyonette nodded absently. She was bouncing Mrsha up and down as the Gnoll hugged her. The two looked happy, content just to sit around.
