5.49
Page 18
“What? Why not?”
Erin stared at Pawn. The Worker raised all four arms.
“I believe Wall Lord Ilvriss objected to it. As did Liscor’s Council. And Wing Commander Embria. It does not matter.”
“But that’s not—”
Erin bit back an echo of what she’d said to Ilvriss. Pawn cocked his head to one side.
“It truly does not matter, Erin. The Antinium fulfilled our contract with Liscor. And we obtained what we wanted anyways.”
“Which was?”
Pawn turned to look at Pisces. He hesitated.
“Um…oh my. Look at the rain. I should see Bird.”
He edged back and out of the room. Erin stared at the space where he had been, mystified. She looked back at Pisces.
“What did they get?”
“One wonders.”
The [Necromancer] tapped his lips thoughtfully, studiously ignoring the glances his teammates and the other adventurers gave him. He glanced towards the doorway as he heard some rapid footsteps.
“Ah.”
This time the Redfang Warriors appeared as one, led by Pebblesnatch. The Cave Goblin pointed them into the room and the Hobs warily entered. They stared at the gold coins for all of a millisecond and then fixed their gazes on the axe. Shorthilt whistled. Headscratcher nodded at Jelaqua. The Selphid grinned as Halrac stepped away from the Hobs and the others edged back to give them room.
“Hey…Numbtongue?”
Headscratcher looked disappointed. Numbtongue rolled his eyes. He looked questioningly at Erin. She took a deep breath.
“Hey guys, I’ve got some good news. And bad news. You see…I went to see Ilvriss and…well, he’s not going to pay you for saving the Gnolls. I mean, not with everything you should get.”
The Hobs stared at Erin. They looked at each other. Badarrow scratched his head. Rabbiteater frowned. Numbtongue looked at Erin.
“What pay?”
The [Innkeeper] blinked.
“Your…gold. For saving the Gnolls? Two thousand gold pieces? It’s a lot of money. And you’re not getting it.”
The Hobgoblins stared at each other. They shrugged. Numbtongue turned to Erin.
“Okay.”
He looked around and noticed everyone was giving him puzzled looks. Erin wavered.
“Aren’t you upset? I mean, that’s a lot of money! And you’re not getting any of it! Isn’t that unfair?”
“Sure.”
Numbtongue nodded obligingly. Erin gazed at him. And then she understood something about Goblins. They really didn’t care. Not about money. And not about things being unfair. Because, to a Goblin, everything was usually unfair.
“Well, I got paid some. And I think it’s only right that some of it’s yours.”
The Hobs stared at gold coins on the table. They looked at Erin and back at the coins. It was as if she’d offered them dirt. Badarrow picked up one coin, weighed it on a finger, and shrugged. He flicked it into the air and let it bounce off the table. Erin stared at him and then at the Redfangs who clearly didn’t care. She tried another tack.
“I can buy you food with it. Or weapons.”
Instantly, all the Hobs looked up with interest. They stared at the coins and at Erin as if only putting together what the money meant for the first time. Headscratcher cleared his throat.
“Swords? More?”
He spoke awkwardly and with difficulty. Erin nodded.
“More swords! If you need them. Or other things.”
The Redfangs looked at each other. They immediately huddled together. Shorthilt looked up.
“Mace? Dagger? Chainmail? Shield?”
“Yeah. Or…food.”
Rabbiteater smacked his lips together appreciatively. But Shorthilt smacked him on the back of the head. He elbowed the others until they nodded impatiently. Then the Hob stepped forwards. He stood in front of Erin like a statesman giving a speech. He looked at Erin and spoke slowly and carefully.
