5.49
Page 4
Pallass. Liscor, repeat again?
Zeres has received Liscor’s report. Confirmation of Goblin friendlies and adventuring team. What the hell is up with your city, Liscor?
Oteslia’s strategists are sending. Zeres, please conform to sending protocol. Liscor, elaborate on presence of Goblins in dungeon. How were they tamed?
Liscor. The Goblins were successfully convinced to abandon Raskghar masters due to presence of auxiliary Human A, noted in the report. Her possession of Artifact A—also noted—facilitated the defeat of the Raskghar in no small part.
Zeres. That’s the crazy innkeeper, isn’t it? The one in the moving pictures?
Pallass. Liscor, please send further details regarding spoils of war taken from Raskghar camps. 
Liscor politely declines as the details of the dungeon operation are classified at the order of Wall Lord Ilvriss of Salazsar.
Oteslia. Hah!
Zeres. Oteslia, please conform to sending protocol.
Pallass requires report as a matter of security due to Liscor connection. The Assembly of Crafts will send formal request to Liscor’s Council momentarily. Stand by to receive.
Fissival. Pallass has no claim on the treasure. Stop being greedy little hatchlings.
Zeres. Fissival, please conform to sending protocol.
Manus is sending. Other cities, please refrain from petty disputes. Liscor, please confirm dungeon status. Reports indicate inner city. Confirm?
Liscor confirms. Dungeon is still classified as ‘active’ and ‘hostile’. Gold-rank danger rating remains unchanged despite reduction of Raskghar threat. Preliminary reports—see summary of Adventurer B’s attached interview—reports ‘infested’ monsters possibly derived from ancient Drakes, as well as at least one more boss-class guardian monster and possibility of major unique enemy known as ‘Mother of Graves’, classification pending. Further details will be reported as they occur.
Oteslia. Ancestors. Does Liscor have enough adventurers to deal with dungeon? More should be sent north at once.
Zeres. Oteslia, please conform to sending protocol.
Pallass. Claim to portion of Liscor’s treasure being sent. Liscor, please note involvement of Pallass’ adventuring population in aid of Liscor. Pallass will require report within the next hour, subject to immediate action by Pallass.
Salazsar objects to Pallass’ claim.
Oteslia objects to Pallass’ claim.
Fissival objects to Pallass’ claim.
Manus requests list of artifacts recovered—possibility of trade for artifacts with goods or coin?
Zeres thinks Pallass is a bunch of greedy cowards. But we’ll also trade for artifacts received.
Liscor. Wall Lord Ilvriss has sealed the contents of acquired artifacts. They’ll be distributed among contributing adventurers and factions. It’s out of my claws.
Pallass. Stand by for response.
Salazsar. Leave Liscor’s [Strategist] alone. Congratulations, by the way, Liscor.
Liscor. Thank you!
Oteslia congratulates Liscor.
Zeres. Please conform to sending protocol. No personal asides, Oteslia, Salazsar.
Oteslia. Damnit, Zeres, stop being petty. Is that you, Kissi? 
Teibault. Liscor, can you send a more detailed analysis of Raskghar with adventurer analysis?
Liscor will comply as soon as possible. Estimated one day delay due to adventurer fatigue.
Pallass. Lesser cities will refrain from sending [Message] spells into this discussion. Liscor’s situation is priority, not for casual interruption.
Teibault. Go eat your tail, Pallass. We have a right to ask questions.
Fissival. Hah!
Zeres supports Teibault. Who’s the idiot sending from Pallass? 
