5.49
Page 24
The Hobs nodded. Numbtongue kicked one bag.
“All of it. There was a big pile in the room. No artifacts. Raskghar used those. We took all of it. You take it from us. Only your teams.”
He looked at the others. Revi was nodding repeatedly, as was Typhenous and Pisces. Halrac frowned.
“Why our teams?”
He looked directly at Badarrow as he said it. The [Sniper] glanced at him and grinned.
“Helped Goblins. Sometimes.”
That shut Halrac up. Erin looked at the treasure and then at Headscratcher.
“They did do a lot. But—why not the Silver Swords? They fought too.”
Numbtongue looked at his companions. He shrugged.
“We don’t like them.”
“Oh.”
After that came more standing around. The Hobs took a seat as the adventurers picked up the relics and gold pieces and tried to pile them on the table. They were almost afraid to open the other bags. Ceria kept pinching herself and Moore had to sit and breathe slowly with Mrsha in his arms. They were shocked more than exhilarated.
For the first ten minutes. And then a craze seemed to sweep over them. Jelaqua opened the second bag of holding, dumped it onto the ground, and began sorting the coins and jewels and other objects apart. Typhenous knelt with her, muttering about the cuts of gems and weight. Pisces began arguing with Seborn about the price of gold. Yvlon and Halrac tried to appraise the statues and so on and Ksmvr dutifully began adding it all up. In minutes, all the adventurers were on their knees, counting.
“We need parchment! Something to write this down!”
Pisces feverishly sorted through the gemstones, his face flushed. Ceria nodded.
“Put—put all the gems on the bed! We’ll count the coins and shove them into this corner—”
The Hobs watched as the adventurers scrambled to sort the treasure. It was getting hot in the room so Rabbiteater opened a door. Immediately he was nearly tackled by Seborn and Typhenous.
“Don’t open the door!”
Instantly, the ecstatic mood changed to paranoia. Moore was instantly assigned to watch the door and Lyonette and Erin were sent downstairs to get parchment and a quill and ink and to come right back upstairs. Under no circumstances was anyone allowed on the same floor. Typhenous and Pisces began frantically casting ward spells.
“We’ll need to store all this before we can deposit it! The Merchant’s Guild can hold it—but we’ll need to watch it day and night. If a [Thief] were to get wind of what we have—”
Revi was summoning her Stitch-Warriors to help sort the treasure. Halrac nodded.
“We can’t just deposit it in any guild, though. We need the best deal. I know someone in Invrisil who can change all the gemstones.”
“Right—there’s overheads we need to watch out for. The exchange rate on sapphires isn’t so good, but if we bank it and wait—”
“How do we split it? Thirds to each of us? What about Erin?”
Ceria knelt amid a pile of treasure. She looked up at Erin. The young woman backed up as the adventurers stared feverishly at her.
“I’m uh, good. I got paid. You can have the treasure.”
“You mean it? You can’t change your mind!”
Revi stared at Erin. The [Innkeeper] hesitated, and looked at Lyonette. Mrsha was staring wide-eyed at the treasure.
“I’m…sure. I didn’t fight in the dungeon.”
“Right. Right. That’s true. We can give you a bit. But all of this? This is for us.”
