5.49
Page 21
“I think it’s the bad weather that makes them angrier. This would probably go a lot more civilly if we had them sit in the sun.”
She glanced at Erin, and the young woman remembered that Lyonette was a [Princess]. She probably knew about negotiations.
“Why not? We can always rig up a door to the field. And Krshia said she wants to bring some Gnolls through. Let’s do that if things go south.”
“Or if you see any other teams walk in.”
The two nodded at each other. Erin turned her attention back to the arguing adventurers. She was just trying to explain to Ksmvr why challenging other teams to duels over the artifacts wasn’t a good idea—and the other adventurers were floating it as a legitimate option—when the door opened.
“The Hobgoblins are back! No one panic!”
Drassi shouted as the Redfang Warriors appeared again. They’d been gone for a good two hours, much to Erin’s surprise. They also looked slightly dirty and sweaty. Headscratcher waved to Erin and pointed upstairs. She rose.
“I think he wants us to go upstairs. Hey you guys, can you come too?”
“Fine! It beats arguing about dividing loot!”
Revi threw up her hands and stalked upstairs. Jelaqua and Seborn joined her, both looking upset while Moore tried to calm them down. Typhenous, Halrac, Yvlon, and Ksmvr followed them. Erin stared at their backs.
“They’re really upset.”
“It’s hard to negotiate. I don’t think we’ve got much of a claim, but even we’re tearing our hair out over what we want.”
Ceria paused, looking sympathetically at the Gold-rank adventurers. Pisces nodded, stroking his chin thoughtfully.
“This process does seem designed to involve the most amount of strife possible. The lottery is designed such that everyone may have a claim regardless of how small, which will create a great deal of uncertainty, even for a team with a larger claim like the Halfseekers or Griffon Hunt. Everyone may obtain what they want—but the odds are that at least one party will exit quite unhappy. As one might expect of the Drakeish way of dividing spoils.”
Ceria paused as she began to climb the stairs.
“So what you really mean is, it’s a mess, Pisces.”
“Succinctly? Yes?”
“Just say that next time.”
He sniffed. Erin grinned and followed them up the stairs. She found the Hobs had placed both bags of holding on the table. They also had two large, bulging sacks next to the table. Erin stared at them. She didn’t know where the rough hide bags had come from, but they looked positively filthy. She glanced at the adventurers who were looking annoyed.
“Um, Numbtongue, what’s this? What are the other two bags for?”
“Stuff. For adventurers. Bags of holding too small. Here.”
Numbtongue handed one of the bags of holding to Erin. She stared at it and then gingerly opened the bag. She peered inside.
“Huh.”
She looked up from the bag and put it on the table quite calmly. The other adventurers stared at Erin as she went over to the window.
“’Scuse me, Seborn. Hey Moore, come in and shut the door, will you?”
The half-Giant obliged her. Revi complained as he squeezed himself into the room. Erin was fumbling with the window.
“Come on! It’ll be cramped in here, no offense Moore. And what are you doing, Erin—”
She yelped as Erin opened the window. Rain blew in. Mrsha raced out of the way as a shower blasted Erin and Seborn and Ceria, who were closest to the window. Ceria ran for cover and the other adventurers edged back.
“What the hell, Erin!”
“Just one second. I have something in my eyes.”
