5.49
Page 25
Revi went back to the gold, standing over it almost protectively. Erin looked around. The Hobs were watching with interest. But there was something almost…scary about the way the adventurers were acting. Erin wanted no part of it. The three teams sorted the treasure nonstop for an hour, trying to calculate how much they’d earned. In the end they had a rough count.
“It could be off—the fluctuating market is always an issue. But assuming we could average the prices for each item—”
Pisces scrubbed a hand through his messy hair, ignoring the grime on his hands. Typhenous mumbled as he stared at the parchment with the figures scrawled on it. Ceria bounced on her feet.
“Well? How much? How much?”
Pisces looked up and gulped.
“A hundred and ten thousand gold pieces? Give or take thirty thousand as a margin for error.”
“A hundred and ten—”
“Give or take? How much could we get?”
Jelaqua tried to add it up on shaking fingers.
“Per group? That’s….close to fourty thousand for each team! Thirty five thousand pieces!”
“And that’s assuming we don’t get more for the gems and whatnot. If we get a good price—”
The adventurers went quiet. They looked at each other. Then Revi laughed shakily.
“We’re rich. This is—this is a haul.”
The other adventurers nodded. Ceria sat on the ground as filthy gold coins spilled around her. Ksmvr stared at the treasure.
“So, does this mean our teams have achieved lucrative success, Captain Ceria? Have we struck it rich?”
“Very rich, Ksmvr.”
Ceria nodded at once. But it was Jelaqua who raised a trembling hand.
“Hold on. This is good, but it’s not everything.”
“What do you mean?”
Ceria stared at the Selphid. Jelaqua took a few deep breaths.,
“Okay. It’s great. If it was one team we’d be…well, thirty five thousand is a huge amount any way you cut it. But for a Gold-rank team? It’s good. It’s what we came here for. But if we can get more—”
She looked at Griffon Hunt. Halrac nodded.
“It’s what we came here for.”
“Right. We could do with eighty thousand gold pieces. Now that would be a real haul even for a Gold-rank team.”
Revi muttered to herself. She raised her hands as she got a dozen glares.
“What? This is great, don’t get me wrong! It puts our team back on the map. After what happened—”
She looked at Typhenous and Halrac. The [Scout] nodded. He sat on the bed, then reached down and pulled a topaz away with a grimace.
“After all our setbacks, this will…it’ll fund us for a long time. Get us better equipment if we need it. Help us get more adventurers.”
“Us too. We’ve had a few thousand gold coins in the bank, but nothing we could really rub together. This? This is security.”
Jelaqua stared at the mountain of coin. She looked up sharply.
“And we can use this in the lottery.”
The others looked at her in surprise. Halrac sat up and nodded.
“That’s true. We can cede all the money we’ll get, and ask just for an artifact. And then—”
“—and then we have gold and an artifact. Dead gods. Dead gods.”
Jelaqua rubbed her hands together. Ceria blinked at Halrac.
“You want more? After this?”
She’d hit the limit of all the avarice in her body. But Halrac and the other Gold-ranks clearly hadn’t. The [Veteran Scout] nodded.
“I want that bow. Before, we were trying to get at least a few thousand gold pieces to cover the costs of all we’ve spent. But with this, we can aim just for the artifacts.”
“It’s a miracle. A miracle!”
