5.49
Page 16
The room was packed with all the adventurers plus Lyonette and Mrsha. Moore had to sit outside, but he was glancing in. Mrsha peered over the table at the enchanted axe. She reached out with one paw and hesitated.
“No touching, Mrsha. It’s very sharp.”
Lyonette gently scolded Mrsha. She was mildly overprotective of the Gnoll now, but Mrsha bore with it well. She picked up a gold coin instead.
“A thousand gold. That’s…a lot.”
Pisces frowned.
“For an [Innkeeper] of Erin’s level? It’s not unheard of. I’ll wager that the Level 30 Drake in Liscor—Peslas, I believe—has at least that much on hand at any given time.”
“You think so, Pisces?”
“It’s not that large a sum. Consider how much Miss Solstice would usually pay just to renovate her inn without the Antinium assisting her. And given her contributions—I’d say it is less than she deserves.”
“Well, she only gets credit for her door, not the plan.”
Jelaqua remarked reasonably as she walked a gold coin over her claws. Seborn nodded. He was leaning against one window, letting everyone else crowd around the axe.
“It’s as good as they’ll give her. I’m surprised they gave the Goblins anything. This isn’t worth sixty six thousand gold coins, but they were never going to get that.”
“I guess.”
Erin made a face. Seborn shrugged.
“That’s politics. They wouldn’t get anything in the north either. Besides, they probably got lucky getting one artifact guaranteed. Splitting the treasure never goes fairly no matter how it’s done. Believe me. I knew [Pirates].”
Jelaqua rolled her eyes as Erin turned and gave Seborn a deeply interested look.
“Everyone knows that, Seborn. Don’t bore us with another story. Hey, Erin. Did Ilvriss tell you who’s getting what?”
All the adventurers looked sharply at Erin. She hesitated.
“Well, he said they’d decide in a few days. But nothing’s settled, I think.”
“Damn.”
Halrac cursed. Lyonette glared at him. The [Scout] looked away.
“We haven’t settled anything. Every team wants the best artifacts. I want that bow—”
“And we want the staff! Come on, Halrac. I could use that wind-blasting staff. Or one of the wands!”
Revi folded her arms. Jelaqua threw up her arms.
“And I want the armor! But Keldrass is going for the same thing! It’s a mess. We might only get a bucketful of gold and that would really suck.”
“What’s wrong with gold? You’ll probably get thousands.”
Erin looked at the others, mildly confused. Yvlon shook her head. She addressed both Erin and Ksmvr, who’d raised his hands, probably with the same question.
“The thing is, Erin, artifacts go up in value. Gold doesn’t. Plus, an artifact is hard to acquire since there’s limited numbers of them, especially good ones. Frankly, paying twice of what an artifact’s worth on the market is a better idea than just having the gold.”
“Especially Gold-rank items or better. Do you know how rare it is to find a piece of armor that blocks spells like that thing the Raskghar was wearing? It’s nearly as good as the Heartflame Breastplate—okay, it’s not, but we’ll own it and that’s what counts.”
Jelaqua grumbled as she kicked about the room. Erin nodded understandingly.
“Sounds rough.”
All the adventurers gave Erin glares that were only half mocking. Erin had seen them arguing with the other teams over drinks, trying to reach a deal for the last few nights. She could only shrug and gather up the gold coins.
“Lyonette, we’ve got money. But I’m going to feed the Goblins and give them what they want with some of it, okay? The rest we’ll have to hide. We should get a safe or something.”
Lyonette nodded.
