5.49
Page 5
Pallass to Zeres. Please lodge formal inquiry and complaint into Zeres [Strategist]’s conduct.
Zeres. Go boil yourself.
Ssilvem. Sorry, can we get a resend of our report? Our [Mage] forgot to write down the report. What’s this about Goblins?
 
Olesm groaned and covered his face as he scribbled down a request for Laskaillia to resend the report to Ssilvem. He looked at the paper and shook his head. It was a mess, and in that sense, typical of most joint conversations between the cities. Olesm sighed as the cities started bickering with each other. Laskaillia’s brows twitched as she stopped writing and looked at him.
“It’s all chaos. They’re just insulting each other now. Should we send any more [Messages]?”
“No, I think the report’s out there. They can make what they want of it. If they hail you, please tell them I’m off duty. Or dead. Thank you so much, Miss Laskaillia.”
“Of course.”
She smiled and glanced at something behind Olesm. The [Strategist] sighed and put away his reports for filing. No doubt he’d have to answer more questions, but there was no sense waiting now. He turned—and nearly had a heart attack. Wing Commander Embria was standing right behind him, peering at the conversation between the cities.
He hadn’t noticed her behind him at all! She’d appeared in silence—despite the armor she wore! The Wing Commander noticed Olesm jump and coughed. She stepped back quickly.
“Apologies, Strategist Olesm. I didn’t mean to startle you.”
“Uh—that’s quite alright, Wing Commander.”
“Embria, please. You’ve sent the report to the other cities I see. May I have a copy to send to our High Command?”
“Oh—of course! I’m so sorry. I’ll transcribe one right away!”
Olesm flushed as he stood. He kept forgetting that he should send copies to Liscor’s army! It wasn’t something he normally did—usually Liscor would send a batch of all the news to the army in one lump every month, but with Embria here…
The Wing Commander smiled at Olesm. She was around his height, and around his age too, come to that. But where Olesm was thin if fairly fit, Embria was athletic and strong. Her bright red scales were striking and Olesm had to keep from admiring them.
“Don’t worry about copying the report. If I could prevail on your [Mage] to send it via [Message] spell?”
“Yes, at once. Who’s the [Strategist] in charge of the army again? Uh—Zweiltan?”
“That’s correct.”
Olesm sighed with relief and wrote down a note, indicating how Laskaillia could contact him. The [Mage] nodded and lifted a claw to her temple. Olesm and Embria stood around awkwardly. He coughed.
“So…how are your men after the battle, Wing Commander Embria? And uh, how are you doing? I heard you took an injury during the fight.”
Embria smiled at Olesm.
“Barely a scratch. I got cut here—right above the shoulder. But there’s not even a scar as you can tell. I lost two [Soldiers], but the boys are taking it well. As for High Command, I just reported my version of events to them.”
“Ah. And their response?”
The Wing Commander hesitated. She took a seat and Olesm did too.
“Mixed. But generally positive. They objected to some aspects of the operation, but they’re glad that Liscor is safe and that 4th Company participated in the battle. They send their congratulations to you as well, Olesm. For making [Strategist].”
“Thank you. I uh, appreciate it.”
The two Drakes sat in silence until Laskaillia looked up.
“I’ve sent the report and it has been received. Will that be all?”
Olesm started. He nodded as he stood.
“Yes, thank you so much. I should be going. I have to file these and uh, then I’m off duty.”
