5.50 G
Page 13
Rags studied Tremborag. But his face was unreadable. So instead she looked at Garen. So did all the other Goblins. The Hob looked past Reiss’ head into the sky, scowling. His face was one solid grimace, but—his ears were twitching violently.
“Have no idea.”
Reiss stared at Garen’s ears. Rags stared at Garen’s ears. All the Goblins present, including Garen’s own warriors stared at the Hob’s trembling ears. Tremborag uttered an oath.
“I’m going to kill you, Redfang.”
Garen looked confused. He didn’t seem to realize his massive tell. But it was Reiss who shook his head.
“One key is worthless. As for the other—if it were easy to obtain, you two would have taken it. But I believe that even with both keys, Velan’s treasure lies well hidden. Or else Garen would have found it after years of his tribe living in the High Passes.”
So that was why he settled there. Rags’ eyes widened. She glanced at Redscar and saw the Goblin’s mouth was agape along with the other Redfangs. Garen had been searching for the treasure all this time. The Hob looked extremely upset, but he wisely didn’t say anything else.
For a few minutes all the Goblins were thinking, trying to process all they’d heard. Then Tremborag spat and sat up.
“So. Keys. Promises between children. Betrayal. None of it changes the truth. You came to take our tribes. And you brought the Humans! To serve you is to serve the Necromancer. And why should we do that? Even the nameless Goblin can see what folly it is.”
His huge finger pointed at Rags and then Reiss. The ‘nameless Goblin’ glared at Tremborag. He wasn’t helping his argument by insulting her. But Reiss looked calmly at Tremborag.
“I told you, my master cares little for Goblins. But he knows the value of a Goblin Lord. And I am his apprentice. He would aid me, if only to hinder the Humans and Drakes.”
“And he will throw you away when you are done. Don’t fool yourself, brat!”
Tremborag laughed at Reiss. Garen nodded.
“You are a tool. Slave!”
The word seemed to nettle Reiss. He avoided looking at Garen as he stared at the dying fire.
“A tool. Perhaps. But this tool is not mindless. I choose which orders to obey. I have disobeyed my master once and I will do it again. He controls my actions, but he does not control me.”
“A slave’s words.”
“Perhaps.”
Reiss’ voice was a hiss. He stared at Tremborag, his eyes burning. Snapjaw and Eater of Spears sat up behind him. Reiss calmed.
“But I will be a slave if I must. Because I dream. I dream of a city. You sit and hide, Tremborag, but I dream of a place where Goblins will be free. I dream of streets where Goblins walk about without fear. I dream of homes made by Goblins for Goblins. I dream of a nation. A kingdom of Goblins.”
“A what?”
Tremborag laughed. He upended his wine skin.
“You’re mad.”
“Am I? I did not become a Goblin Lord or sacrifice so much just for my master. I did not give—”
Reiss passed his hands in front of his black eyes.
“I did not give away what I did for power alone. I gave it for a dream. And now I am close. Look around you! There are hundreds of thousands of Goblins here! Enough to conquer all but the largest of cities! If the Humans were to falter, if you would follow me—”
“You would what, take a city? How long would that last? A week? Until the adventurers came for you.”
Reiss shook his head.
“I would take it and hold it. Let the people inside go in peace. Negotiate with the Humans or Drakes—”
“Hah!”
“Quiet!”
Snapjaw leapt to her feet. She glared at Tremborag, hands clenched. She was quivering with emotion. She spoke for the first time that night.
