5.50 G
Page 18
So she was giving him a chance. And she thought that Reiss understood that, because the first thing he did when he began speaking was to bring up his master again.
“I can contact my master, Az’kerash via spell. But it is possible for him to look through my eyes, even cast through me. I have been attempting to contact him for the last few days—ever since the Humans drove us from the mountain. But he has not responded.”
“He say nothing? Why?”
Rags was astonished. Reiss’ smile was grim.
“Ever since the death of Zel Shivertail, he has contacted me less and less. I believe he is attempting to create more servants, which is a time-consuming task. Even for him. He creates unique undead, beings that can think and act independently.”
Reiss expected Rags not to comprehend, but she nodded instantly.
“Oh. Like Toren.”
“…Who?”
“Talking, thinking skeleton. Works in inn. As [Barmaid].”
Rags saw Reiss stumble. He stared at Rags and poked one finger in his ear.
“What?”
“Tell you later. Your master. If he responds…you trust him to help?”
This time Rags watched Reiss’ face closely, wishing she had a truth detection spell. However, he was a Goblin and so was she, so the odds of him being able to lie to her were remote. She noted his hesitation, and then Reiss shook his head.
“No. I expect him to use me for his own gain. But it is in his interests to keep me alive. As a…tool, I am valuable. And as his apprentice, I have worth. If there is anyone to guess at what the Human’s plan is, it will be him. He may be able to stall Tyrion Veltras somehow.”
“He figure out what plan is? How?”
Reiss shrugged.
“He has informants all over the continent. Across the world, I think. More than one Drake in a position of power is his ally and there are a number of Humans he works with too. There is a Human conspiracy that he gives aid to, though they don’t know it is him—his ability to disguise himself with magic is second to none. He can even fool Gold-rank adventurers and his servants can cheat [Detect Truth] spells.”
Rags whistled. She wondered if she could learn an illusion of that magnitude. If she could enter a city—no, forget that. If she could disguise her warriors that perfectly, why not turn them into rocks on the ground? Or make them invisible? Reiss seemed almost apprehensive about his master, though.
“How much he aids us will depend on his mood. I have no doubt he will have questions. When he contacts me—he may wish to speak with you or the other Chieftains. Garen and Tremborag I cannot control, but mention nothing about the key to him.”
That made complete sense. Rags nodded. Reiss frowned.
“I wonder, though. The Humans have a plan. They have not attacked my army and they have the numbers to win. They are pushing us south quickly. I wonder what their goal is?”
Rags shrugged. She’d been brainstorming the same thing. She casually glanced ahead of them. She could see the mountains looming ever closer with each day.
“Going to High Passes. Maybe to Liscor?”
“Yes. That seems likely. I had wondered if this Tyrion Veltras wanted us to attack Invrisil, but we passed the city by without issue. If he intends to force us past Liscor—it’s raining, isn’t it?”
“Mhm. Wet. Lots of water.”
“That would stop his army. If he intends to take us into the High Passes we will know. Otherwise…Liscor is as far as he will go.”
That was true. Rags scratched her head. She frowned.
“Maybe he wants us to attack Drakes. Go to their lands. Cause trouble.”
Reiss smiled.
