5.50 G
Page 20
Rags didn’t know what to say to that. It sounded like an empty statement, but Reiss looked anything but insincere when he said it. In the end, she just shrugged again.
“I am me.”
“So why am I here? To speculate on what Tyrion Veltras is trying to do?”
Osthia interrupted the two Goblins. Reiss nodded.
“Rags is an ally. I want to know what she thinks.”
“And can this…child talk about tactics?”
The Drake soldier eyed Rags. She received a similar look in reply. Rags jabbed a finger towards her chest.
“I am smart. Are you smart? Can you play chess?”
Osthia stared at Rags. She opened her mouth, and then frowned. Reiss was frowning too.
“You can play chess? Will you teach me? Osthia refuses to teach me.”
Rags hesitated. It had been a long time since she’d played the game. But why not? She shrugged and smiled.
“Sure. But first—tell me more about Az’kerash.”
She looked sharply at Reiss. The Goblin Lord hesitated. His gaze moved to Osthia, who was watching him with unconcealed interest. He nodded slowly.
“I will tell you all that I can.”
 
—-
 
All day Rags marched with Reiss and Osthia. Her tribe moved with the Goblin Lord’s forces, talking, exchanging ideas, stories—talking. It wasn’t anything of great consequence. Neither Rags nor Osthia nor Reiss could make any definitive statements about what the Humans had planned and nothing monumental came of the other exchanges.
And yet, something did happen. Pyrite and Eater of Spears walked together in amiable silence for hours, chewing on whatever one or the other found. Poisonbite only left Snapjaw’s mount when the marching had stopped. And other Goblins like Noears had struck up conversations with [Mages] and [Shamans] in the Goblin Lord’s army. Even Quietstab had found a friend in another Goblin [Rogue].
Only Redscar hadn’t been socializing, and that was because he had been riding ahead. But the rest of Rags’ tribe had formed a tentative bond with Reiss’ forces. They pitched their camps a bit closer together that night.
The change was not lost on either Tremborag or Garen. In response, the two other Chieftains camped practically cheek-by-jowl. There was no thought of a sit-about tonight. And indeed, as the Goblins began preparing dinner, a familiar sound began echoing from Garen’s camp.
“Redfang!”
All of the Redfang Goblins in Rags’ camp looked up. The Goblin of Garen’s tribe were on their feet. They stomped and shouted.
“Redfang!”
It was the same as last time. Rags watched as Redscar and his Redfangs bristled. They formed up in a group of their own and shouted a reply back.
“Redfang! Redfang!”
A shout of outrage issued from Garen’s camp. They shouted back, but Redscar and his warriors kept defiantly shouting the same word. Rags saw the Goblins pause, and then heard another shout.
“Garen!”
The Goblins in her camp went quiet. Instantly, the Goblins took up the shout.
“Ga-ren! Ga-ren! Ga-ren!”
It was exactly the same as last time. Rags saw Redscar glancing uncertainly at her, and then at the lone figure that stood in front of his campfire. The Goblin with the crimson blade. Garen faced his former warriors as his tribe screamed his name.
“Chieftain—”
Quietstab looked uncertainly at Rags. She held up a hand.
“Wait. Humans throw spells. Shut up soon.”
Her eyes were on Redscar. Rags could intervene, but this was his former Chieftain. His decision to make. She saw Redscar turn away from Garen, clenching his fists. Then he turned. He looked around wildly, and his eyes found hers. Redscar locked gazes for Rags for a few seconds and then thrust his hand up in the air. He bellowed a word.
“Rags!”
