5.51 G
Page 13
“Another fight, Chieftain?”
“Not now. Tonight. He dies tonight.”
Reiss inhaled sharply. Rags ignored him. She looked around.
“Redscar, Pyrite, Noears. Can you win if fight?”
They hesitated. Poisonbite bristled, but Rags ignored her. Pyrite looked back at Tremborag. He shrugged.
“Probably not.”
“Chieftain Rags. Are you serious?”
Rags turned and stared at Reiss. The look in her eyes was all the answer she needed to give. She turned back.
“How many Hobs you need? Or Redfangs?”
Noears glanced at Redscar. The warrior was frowning and checking the edge of his blade. Noears shrugged.
“Lots. Tremborag is strong. Saw him kill six Hobs in a fight once. When he gets big, too strong? Need Pyrite to hit hard. Or Redscar stab in eyes?”
The mounted Goblin nodded.
“Good plan.”
Rags nodded slowly.
“Lots of Hobs, then. And get free of others. Poisonbite and I will hold off others. Have to kill fast. Surprise attack.”
“Chieftain Rags.”
She turned and glared at Reiss. He was staring at her.
“What?”
He hesitated. He looked so…surprised. Why? The instant Rags had known that Quietstab was dead and Tremborag was to blame she had sworn to kill him. Why would she wait? For a better moment? For the right time? Those were Human ideas. Rags would kill Tremborag. And she wouldn’t stop. Ever.
Reiss finally understood that. Or he realized it was fruitless to argue. His eyes flickered as he stared at Rags’ tribe, and then glanced at his lieutenants. Then he stared past Rags at a small group of a few thousand Goblins, who had watched the conflict without intervening.
Garen Redfang sat on his Carn Wolf, staring at Rags and Reiss. The Goblin Lord pointed at him.
“If you continue to fight, Garen will intervene.”
“Probably.”
Rags gritted her teeth. She was trying to figure out how to catch Tremborag off-guard tonight. Could it be tonight? Or did they have to wait until he’d lowered his guard somehow? His tribe would be on alert, but if she could figure out a way to poison their supplies or take them off-guard somehow—how could she slow Garen and keep him from intervening?
“If you plan to attack at night, you’d have to cut into Tremborag’s camp and attack him in the center of his warriors.”
“Only if I have stupid plan.”
Rags muttered under her breath. Reiss paused.
“If you need a distraction, I will help you. My warriors can attack Tremborag’s tribe from the side while yours cut in. I will help you kill Tremborag.”
The small Goblin froze in her saddle. Then she looked at Reiss and narrowed her eyes. The Goblin Lord met her gaze steadily, unblinking.
“Really?”
He nodded.
“Tremborag has no…he is not-Goblin. I will help you. I can stop Garen myself. As for Tremborag—I can lend you Eater of Spears and some of my best Hobs and the Draug I have remaining for the battle.”
Rags blinked. Eater of Spears and Hobs and Draug? She remembered some of the hulking undead she’d seen. If she had those—she glanced at Pyrite, who raised his eyebrows. Redscar was frowning, but Rags had mastered her face when she looked back at Reiss and nodded.
“Yes. Thank you. We will fight together.”
“Good. Tremborag must fall, after all.”
Reiss smiled at Rags. She nodded, but didn’t smile. She saw the Goblin Lord’s eyes shift towards Tremborag. His gaze was cold as he fixed on the distant Great Chieftain. Rags knew—she thought she knew—that he was serious about aiding her. Tremborag dying would help Reiss, after all. And Rags would accept his help. But all the trust she’d had in Reiss was teetering on the edge of sudden doubt.
