5.51 G
Page 4
Osthia Blackwing was marching in the center of the ranks of Hobs. Her wings were bound, but both her hands and legs were free. She’d insisted on it. She’d told Reiss plainly that if she had to sit in a covered wagon all day, she would bite her tongue off. So he’d let her walk.
“You.”
The Drake looked up and met Reiss’ eyes challengingly, as she did every time they met. Reiss nodded.
“Me.”
He glanced at the Hobs surrounding them.
“Give us space. Warn me if anyone approaches.”
They nodded and spread out, forming a bubble of space around him and Osthia. Reiss waited until they were all clear, and then outlined a space in his mind. He whispered.
“[Silent Air].”
Instantly, the world went quiet. The sounds of the Goblins marching, of metal touching metal, even the sound of the wind itself—vanished. Reiss and Osthia walked in a bubble of silence. The Drake looked around and then at Reiss.
“Worried someone will hear you?”
“Yes.”
The Drake blinked. It was still slightly amusing to Reiss how she reacted when he told her the truth. But Goblins almost never lied to each other and Reiss lied only when he had to. The Goblin Lord sighed.
“What’s happening?”
Osthia glanced over her shoulder. She couldn’t see what had occurred with the Flooded Waters tribe, but she was sharp enough to pick up on the reactions of the Goblins around her. Reiss even thought she’d picked up a few words of the Goblin’s dialect. He shook his head.
“Tremborag killed a Hob from Rags’ tribe. Last night. They found the body this morning.”
The Drake went still as she processed that. Her eyes flicked to Reiss’ face, and then she craned her neck, trying to see over the Hob’s heads. That was impossible. Her wings flexed a bit in their constraints.
“I see. Tremborag’s the huge Hob you showed me. And Rags is—the small one?”
“Yes.”
“What’s she doing about it?”
“Nothing. Yet. She tried to charge his tribe alone when she found out.”
Osthia snorted contemptuously.
“Idiot.”
Reiss ignored that comment. After a moment, the Drake glanced at him.
“Well? What are you going to do? I assume that this Tremborag violated some kind of Goblin law, didn’t he?”
“It was not good. But there aren’t any ‘laws’ against it. His tribe will celebrate it and the other tribes will be furious. Especially the Flooded Waters tribe.”
“Which is…?”
“Rags’ tribe.”
“Ah. So they’ll want revenge. So what will you do? Unless you’re coming to me for advice.”
The Oldblood Drake glanced sidewise at Reiss. She was his enemy. And she hated him, but she hated his master more. That made them unlikely allies; Osthia would help Reiss, if only so that she could survive and escape when the time was right. Reiss had consulted her for advice, and the Drake had good ideas, even if she lied to him more often then she told the truth. Reiss shrugged, knowing she was trying to find out everything she could from him.
“I will do nothing until Snapjaw comes back and tells me Quietstab is dead.”
“Why would she do that?”
Reiss turned his head slowly to regard Osthia.
“Because I do not know Quietstab is dead and that Tremborag murdered him. Rags knows just now. I knew last night.”
The Drake frowned. Her brows snapped together.
“You knew? How?”
For a second Reiss debated not telling Osthia. It was a risk. But he—the knowledge burned in his gut. He felt guilty, so against his better judgment, he confessed.
“I watched him die. I could have stopped it. But I did not. Because one Hob’s death will help me save tens of thousands of lives.”
