5.51 G
Page 16
“Yes, I recall that tribe. And that Chieftain. Lord Yitton?”
Yitton hesitated, frowning.
“The [Scouts] drew the conclusion that it was the death of one Hob that sparked the conflict, Lord Byres. They observed the Flooded Waters tribe gathering around a dead Goblin that had been hidden in a latrine. The [Scouts] speculate that he was killed by a member of the other tribe, which sparked the conflict. Our [Strategists] disagree, however. They believe it was a conflict over resources, as this Mountain City tribe has consistently consumed far more of the supplies we’ve placed in their way than the other tribes.”
“I see. Well, the reason matters not. This fighting will wear down both sides, especially if the Goblin Lord involves himself. As for the delays—unacceptable.”
Tyrion shook his head. Yitton waited. Jericha looked up, having sent her [Message] and frowned.
“Lord Veltras, we may be able to force both tribes to move and camp separately. It would require our [Mages] to create a neutral zone and enforce it, but—”
She broke off as Tyrion raised a hand. The [Lord] was staring at nothing, frowning. Then he looked up.
“No. This may serve our purpose, Jericha. Rather than tire out our [Mages], I intend to solve the matter directly.”
He turned and looked at his aide.
“Summon the Gold-rank adventurer captains immediately, to meet me at the front within twenty minutes. Provide them with mounts if they are marching with the foot.”
Jericha nodded and raised a finger to her temple.
“And Miss Arcsinger?”
A flicker of expression passed across Tyrion’s face, so quickly that Lord Yitton couldn’t read what emotion it had been. Tyrion shook his head briskly, his face impassive.
“No. We have an arrangement. Let her continue onwards—I will request her use of Skills as needed. That will be all. Lord Yitton, I would value your input if you would ride with me.”
He strode towards his mount and briskly mounted himself. Yitton looked around, cursing and wishing he’d kept his horse nearby, but it was already being brought. Tyrion watched as Yitton swung himself into his saddle and then the two [Lords] were riding quickly to the front. Yitton saw the ground flash past him as he rode under the aegis of Lord Tyrion’s Skills.
“You have a plan, Lord Tyrion?”
“I do, Lord Yitton. I intend to send the Goblins and our watchers a message.”
Yitton glanced sharply at Lord Tyrion as the man calmly surged up and down in his saddle with his horse.
“A message, Lord Tyrion? Of what kind?”
Tyrion looked back at the older man and almost smiled.
“The simplest of messages, Yitton. The kind even Goblins understand.”
 
—-
 
“Can’t win with spells. Bad idea.”
Pyrite grunted as he jogged along with Reiss, Rags, and a cluster of the other high-ranking Goblins in both her tribe and the Goblin Lord’s army. The Hob pretended not to notice the glares both Reiss and Noears gave him.
“Why not? I can weaken Tremborag with death spells.”
“Can try.”
Eater of Spears nodded as he stumped along. Smaller Goblins and Hobs stared up at him as they ran around him. Both Rags’ tribe and Reiss’ army were marching far ahead of Tremborag’s tribe, and quickly too. The Humans had pushed them hard and the Goblins were tired despite it being just past midmorning.
Rags wasn’t tired. Her mind was buzzing with ideas. The impromptu war council was deliberating hard about how to attack Tremborag successfully. She looked at Pyrite.
“Why no spell?”
“Bad idea.”
