5.52
Page 15
Yitton shook his head. Erill nodded. He tilted his cup up, realized it was empty, and set it on Yitton’s plain table. It was cheap wood; Yitton hadn’t brought a bag of holding with him and so his furnishings were part of the camp’s supply.
“You live simply, Yitton. I’d offer you a spare tent of mine if I thought you’d take it. But I’ll spare such pleasant negotiations for another night. Right now I’m remembering why I came here.”
“Not to poison yourself on my wine?”
Erill almost smiled.
“I didn’t think you had a sense of humor, Byres. No. We’re to meet Lord Tyrion for a late-night repast. I should have gotten you right away, but I got distracted.”
“Lord Tyrion wants us?”
Yitton was surprised. He set down his cup and strode towards the tent flaps. Then he checked himself.
“I’m filthy.”
“He won’t mind. We should be there soonest. And I’ve got a Wand of [Cleansing] somewhere on me—I’ll find it as we walk. Come on; if I can’t drink in your tent I suppose we’d better meet him.”
“By we, do you mean you and I? Or a gathering of all the nobility?”
Yitton followed Erill out of the tent. The camp was busy as always; torches and [Light] spells clearly illuminated the area for patrolling sentries. But there were more people out tonight than usual; Yitton saw more than a few men and women in the shared camp for officers and the nobility drinking and sticking together. He understood the urge.
“Not just us, no.”
Lord Erill walked briskly ahead of Yitton, rummaging in a bag of holding at his side. He turned back and glanced at Yitton.
“Two of our peers have been invited to this very select gathering. Any ideas who they might be?”
Yitton didn’t have to think.
“Gralton and Lady Ieka.”
“Correct. The same group that went to so boldly challenge Tyrion to his face. He’s summoned us and apparently has a surprise in store. It’s a smart move; I doubt the other nobility will whine more than usual since it’s we four.”
“They won’t? But I’m not—I could understand Tyrion’s mistake, but me?”
Yitton was baffled. He wasn’t an important noble! House Byres probably earned in a year what Erill’s estates could make in a month. No, a week! And Yitton was hardly as accomplished a [Lord] as, say, Pellmia. But Erill just laughed.
“Think on it, Yitton! We’re the best representatives to see whatever Tyrion’s cooked up! Can’t you understand why?”
“I’m afraid not. Kindly illuminate me.”
Erill shrugged. He found his wand at last and tossed it at Yitton. The [Lord] carefully ran the wand down his smudged and muddy tunic, blinking as he saw the wrinkles and stains vanish and the mud slough off. That was a lot of money just to enchant an entire wand to clean clothes. He carefully handed it back to Erill. The [Lord] flicked it into his bag of holding and responded.
“Each one of us is important in our own way. Tyrion could have invited two dozen nobles, or all of us, but he’s chosen to have an intimate gathering. Less chance of interruptions I suspect, and he has our measure.”
“Go on. Why we four especially?”
“You don’t see it? Gralton’s an excellent fighter and leader, in his own way. He might be a hothead and smell like wet dogs, but he can evaluate good strategy when he sees it. Lady Ieka is both a [Mage] and one of the most powerful [Ladies] I know. My money commands authority, if not respect.”
“And my estates are neither large nor powerful or influential. Where do I fit in this gathering?”
Erill smiled. It wasn’t the charming smile that Yitton had seen him using in public. Instead, Erill’s true smile looked sardonic. Not at Yitton, but the world in general.
