5.52
Page 21
“There’s not much we can do about it. Those adventurers will raise all kinds of hell if we try and reverse what’s happened. I want to nail my tail to a wall but—at least we don’t have to worry about the information leaking. Imagine the riots we’d have if that got out. This is classified and buried.”
Olesm nodded. Zevara sighed.
“And on the subject of Goblins, did you hear what Ilvriss was suggesting?”
Again, Olesm nodded. This time he traced a pattern on the table.
“It’s…not something I want to consider. They saved those Gnolls, Zevara.”
She tilted her mug up. It was already empty.
“They did. But you know they can’t stay here forever. Maybe—no, maybe it’s best if they leave with the Goblin Lord. By accident. Or maybe they can be ‘encouraged’ to leave ahead of time. They’ve got a grace period while the waters are up, but if the citizens of Liscor see a huge tribe of Goblins suddenly roaming the plains…”
“Could they stay in the dungeon?”
“If they do, they’re on their own against adventurers.”
“Right.”
The two Drakes sat together. Olesm scrubbed a claw through his spikes.
“It’s really not up to us. There’s only one person who can get them to move. I can speak to Erin. Drop a few hints.”
“About what?”
Both Drakes jumped and turned around. Erin paused with a bowl of soup in one hand, and a spoon in the other. She delicately tasted the soup. Olesm stared at her and felt sweat rolling down his back for the umpteenth time today.
“Uh, Erin! How long have you been there?”
Erin shrugged.
“I just heard my name so I came over. What’s up?”
Olesm and Zevara exchanged a quick glance. Olesm cleared his throat.
“Nothing…but how’re the Goblins, Erin? Uh, have the Hobs been in your inn recently? Are they…doing well?”
“They’re doing great, thanks for asking! The Hobs aren’t in my inn so much—they’re busy with the Cave Goblins. You know, leading them and teaching them how to survive and stuff. Numbtongue’s over there. Actually, he’s about to go back to their cave. I just need to give him this soup. I think it’s done.”
Erin pointed with her spoon at the Hob. She tasted the soup again and smiled.
“Yup, it’s done. Hey, Numbtongue! Order up!”
She shouted at Numbtongue. The Hob looked up and abandoned his guitar. He walked over and Olesm saw the same Cave Goblin trot out of the kitchen with a huge pot in her hands. He stared as she waddled over with it. The soup was steaming and gave off a fishy, yet enticing aroma.
“This is Pebblesnatch. You remember Pebblesnatch, right, guys?”
“Charmed.”
Zevara spoke flatly as she eyed the soup. Erin offered the bowl to Numbtongue. He grunted with approval and tasted the soup before nodding vigorously at Erin. She smiled.
“I’m teaching the Goblins how to cook as well as feeding them meals. It’s actually sort of fun! You see, they really like to cook and all I have to do is show them how to make something and they copy me. Sometimes they get it wrong, but there’s a few promising [Cooks] among them! Pebblesnatch has been watching me work.”
She patted the small Cave Goblin on the head. Pebblesnatch grunted and put the pot on the floor. Erin offered her the bowl to sip from as well. She pointed at it as she spoke to Numbtongue.
“This is fishy minestrone soup with a side of hot garlic bread. Share it; Pebblesnatch can teach the others how to make more, okay? Oh, and take some baking soda. And some flour. Krshia just sent me a shipment via boat. And you’ll need some vegetables. Oh, and pepper. And do you have enough plates?”
