5.52
Page 20
“Don’t mind me, half-Elf. I’m just sitting with a fellow co-worker. Talking about business. Together.”
“Right. I just wanted to say hi.”
The [Cryomancer] stared cautiously at Zevara, and then turned to Olesm.
“Sorry, I’ll leave you to it.”
“Yeah. It’s uh, good to see you.”
Olesm shuffled his feet. He was about to leave it at that, when he saw the man across the table from him raise a hand and throw a bunch of sparks into the air. They floated upwards, turning into tiny phoenixes which flew about, flaming birds dancing in every color.
“What’s that?”
Ceria turned. She blinked as she saw the tiny birds and then shrugged.
“Him? That’s Eltistiman Verdue, a [Magician] who just came through from Celum. He showed up this morning pretending to be a Dragon when Erin opened the door. She punched his lights out and he’s been performing here all morning as an apology.”
“Eltisti—who? He got here this morning?”
The half-Elf nodded. She leaned over the table, ignoring Zevara’s irritated look.
“Yup. He knows a lot of illusion spells. Some of them are pretty impressive. He and Pisces had a competition this morning. You should have seen it. Erin’s over the moon about him. I think she likes him. And she’s guilty about punching him in the face, which was hilarious.”
The half-Elf smiled. But Olesm felt a bit irritated. Not necessarily about Eltistiman, but about how so much happened around Erin that he never got to see because of his work.
“Why haven’t I heard about him being here?”
Ceria gave Olesm a flat look.
“Like I said, he arrived this morning. You aren’t here all the time.”
“True. I have work—”
“—Which is very pressing, isn’t it, Olesm?”
Zevara jumped into the conversation. She leaned around Olesm, not quite nudging Ceria out of the way. The half-Elf glowered at her. Olesm cringed.
He’d had a brief fling with Ceria until she’d essentially prevented him from joining the Horns of Hammerad. And Zevara had a not-so-subtle interest in him. It didn’t take a [Strategist] to tell that he shouldn’t be here. But now Ceria had locked gazes with Zevara.
“It’s a shame he’s so busy. But Olesm’s not on duty right now. Can’t he chat?”
“He’s discussing private information. With me. I’m sure Olesm will have plenty of time to talk when he’s free for trivial pursuits.”
The half-Elf’s eyes narrowed.
“Is that so?”
Zevara breathed out a puff of smoke.
“Do I need to repeat myself?”
Olesm was just about to pretend to choke on a fry when salvation appeared in form of Ksmvr. The Antinium walked over and waved a hand.
“Hello, Olesm. Hello Watch Captain Zevara. Hello, Captain Ceria. May I join your conversation?”
All three stared at him. Ksmvr looked from face to face and only now seemed to pick up on the underlying tension.
“Ah. I perceive my presence is unwelcome. Am I being a nuisance? Please inform me directly when I am and I will take note of my behavior.”
“No, Ksmvr—I mean, yes, Ksmvr—look, I’ll explain it to you over here. Sorry, Olesm. I’ll talk to you later.”
Ceria hustled Ksmvr off to one side. The Antinium kept asking what he’d done wrong. Sheepishly, Olesm and Zevara turned back to each other. After a moment Olesm brought up the only thing he could think of.
“So, about the Redfang Goblins and this huge amount of money the adventurers have gotten…”
Zevara groaned. She fished around in her bowl for more flakes and found there were none. She sighed and took a sip of her drink instead.
