5.52
Page 33
Olesm looked incredulously at Embria, but the Wing Commander was already gone. He turned back to the map that Ilvriss was already pouring over.
“If they can break our walls, it’s not a question of holding out. If they can breach the walls, the battle will be swift. How many Drakes can we call up north? How quickly?”
He turned to Olesm. The [Strategist] measured the distance between Pallass and Liscor and shook his head. His claws trembled on the table.
“It’s a four day march from the Blood Fields to Liscor! From Pallass—even with Skills, they won’t make it on time! And that army’s massive! Pallass can’t field—”
Ilvriss turned away from the map.
“The door, then. How many soldiers can we pull through per day?”
“It can barely hold two—but if we use [Mages]—”
Zevara was staring out a window, at the walls of her city. Her voice was very distant as she spoke.
“We’ll need thousands to hold the walls if they can create a breach. Are you sure they have trebuchets? How many? If it’s just a few—”
“I don’t know. I don’t know. If they have an [Engineer], they should have one. Two at best! But if Tyrion has multiple [Engineers] somehow—the letter said trebuchets.”
“It doesn’t matter. He wouldn’t come without enough to do the job.”
Ilvriss slowly sat down at the table. Olesm stared at him. The Wall Lord looked tired. And grim.
“He’ll break open the walls and let the Goblins come through. Then he’ll take the city and pretend it was all an accident. The fault of the Goblins.”
“But that’s such an obvious lie.”
Olesm whispered through numb lips. That was the part he hadn’t understood. Why lie about it? Ilvriss was convinced that was how it would occur, but why did the Human have to pretend? But the Wall Lord just shook his head.
“Of course it’s a lie. But it’s a splendid little lie the Humans can shout. We’ll know its true, and our people will know, but what about Humans who only hear what Tyrion Veltras says? What about other nations? The lie will become truth to many. And it’s the lie that will start a war that Tyrion Veltras wants. It’s…a reason. Humans need reasons to go to war. Even if they’re lies. They want to believe they’re in the right.”
“Then it’s happening. He’s going to besiege Liscor. The Goblin Lord’s coming to destroy the city.”
“Yes.”
Ilvriss didn’t move. Olesm looked at him, and then at Zevara. Both Drakes were very still. And then Zevara turned. She looked older than she had this morning. Older and tired. But fire burned in her. She spoke it as she turned.
“Someone get me Klbkch. Tell him I need to speak with his Queen now. Tell him—Liscor may be in mortal danger. Summon the Antinium and rouse the Watch. Send word to the cities.”
She looked at Olesm and Ilvriss. Both Drakes slowly looked up. Zevara clenched her claws into fists.
“Tell them. And tell the damn Humans. Tell Tyrion Veltras. Tell the world. Liscor hasn’t fallen yet.”
 
—-
 
The dinner party ended with drinks and a toast, as was custom. Yitton could have thrown his drink down, but he stood mechanically as Tyrion addressed the others. The honorable man stood and watched as his peers toasted. And he knew that he was not an honorable man.
An honorable man would have found a way to stop the bloodbath. An honorable man would have fought, rather than stood silently. But for all Yitton feared a war between Drakes and Humans, he had not the courage to try and stop what was occurring. He knew he could not.
So he stood and listened as Tyrion spoke. The Lord of the Veltras family smiled, a cold smile while his eyes burned. He looked from face to face as he raised a wine glass.
