5.52
Page 31
“There is absolutely no way the Drakes will accept that.”
“No? Accidents occur. Regardless, the trebuchets will continue firing until Liscor’s walls are breached. And then, naturally, they will stop. The army will advance upon the Goblin Lord as is our mission. And the Goblins—”
“—Will storm the city through the breaches. Of course.”
Ieka sat back in her chair. Yitton nearly vomited. That was the plan? That? A lie barely disguised? Destroy the walls and let the Goblins pour through? Tyrion was still talking, outlining his plan to the others.
“It is not an offensive action against Liscor. The trebuchets are a terrible mistake. All the bloodshed and the taking of the city itself would be the fault of the Goblins. Naturally, once they sack the city, it would have to be retaken.”
“By a conveniently placed Human army?”
Gralton snorted with amusement. Tyrion nodded.
“If one happened to be nearby.”
“And you think you can take Liscor? Just like that? With trebuchets?”
Ieka eyed Tyrion sardonically, but her hands played with a fork rapidly. She was excited. Tyrion nodded.
“Trebuchets are a rare weapon, one that Liscor was never designed to withstand. Magic, yes, but trebuchets? No. They have enchantments on their walls, but no siege weapons themselves either. Drakes are naturally possessive and that technology resides solely in the Walled Cities, and [Engineers] capable of constructing such weapons have been practically impossible to find—until now.”
“But Liscor was designed to be unassailable. The Necromancer—”
Tyrion held up a hand, forestalling Erill’s argument.
“Liscor’s walls are spelled against magic and physical harm, but how strongly? A [Mage] will tire, but a trebuchet? How many stones will the wall endure before the magic runs out? Forty? A hundred? Liscor is no Walled City. The Necromancer could not take it with his magic, but that was his arrogance. I place my trust in stones and wood. What is real and will not evaporate or disappear.”
“And which you can replicate. Clever.”
Ieka gazed at Laken. The [Emperor] didn’t notice her glance. He was staring ahead. He did not look happy. Tyrion did. He nodded.
“We have the weapons to crack Liscor’s walls, and an expendable army that will see the city as their only salvation. By the time we reach Liscor, I have no doubt that the Drakes will be marching a force north from Pallass to keep the Goblins out of their lands. The Goblin Lord will have no choice but to assault Liscor and hope he can hold the walls.”
Erill nodded.
“And when he does, Liscor falls. And we take the city. We outnumber the Goblins. But wouldn’t they know it’s a trap?”
Gralton grunted.
“Better trying to hold a city than fight a Drake army or a Human one out in the open. And Liscor is what you want, isn’t it, Veltras? That’s what all this is for. Liscor.”
He looked at Tyrion, not as a rabid dog might, but with sharp cunning in his eyes. Tyrion smiled in response. He had a map of Izril and he brought it out now. His fingers traced Liscor and moved ever south, pointing out lines of attack and defence that all ran through one spot.
“Liscor’s value as a strategic location cannot be understated. In the past, our armies have traditionally fought in the Blood Fields as a matter of course; we cannot hope to take and hold Drake Cities further to the south with Liscor at our backs, able to cut our supply lines in half, so we fight at a prearranged location with the Drakes. But if we hold Liscor, we may mount as many southern offensives as need be, at our leisure. The city is practically impregnable if defended correctly.”
