5.52
Page 23
They stared at each other for a second, and then Zevara turned away. She strode towards the door, so flustered that she took the bridge to Liscor rather than the magic door. Olesm sat back in his chair. He looked at his practically uneaten fries for a second, and then noticed he had an audience.
At some point a furry little Gnoll had crept up to the edge of his table. Now two big, round eyes stared at him. Olesm turned red.
“What?”
Mrsha stared sympathetically at Olesm. Then she grabbed his fries and dashed away. He leapt up, outraged, and then flinched as Apista buzzed over his head, stinger raised.
“My fries!”
He watched Mrsha dash upstairs, resigned, as Apista triumphantly followed her. Olesm stared down at his nearly empty bowl, and then saw someone turn towards him. The [Mage] with the fancy robes who’d cast the illusionary phoenixes raised a mug and saluted Olesm with it.
“She got mine too. Same trick, even. Fearsome things, those giant bees.”
Olesm sat back down, looking sadly at a wimpy fry at the bottom of his bowl. He raised his mug in turn to the mage.
“Sorry, she’s part of the inn. She’s usually less trouble, but she’s a food thief. Erin’ll probably replace your food if you complain. My name’s Olesm.”
The Human smiled. He threw his mug up and Olesm winced, but it vanished liquid and all. He’d been holding an illusion! He winked at Olesm.
“Eltistiman Verdue, [Magician], at your service. I was told this inn was the place to visit if I wanted an interesting time, and I believe it! You wouldn’t happen to know when the ah, play is starting, would you?”
“Sometime tonight, sorry. Why, are you here for it?”
Eltistiman smiled.
“I’m here to join it, if I can. I was wondering how much time I had. I was hoping to go to Pallass, actually. This wondrous door can send me there in an instant, can’t it?”
He indicated the door, which had the glowing red mana stone on it. Olesm nodded.
“It can do that, but the magic is limited. It can only send two people at a time.”
“Ah, that is inconvenient. But natural given the distances.”
“Right, but there’s more complications too on Pallass’ side. They don’t just let you walk through like, uh, Liscor. You’ll have to fill out a request. I’m sure it will be approved, but it will be at least a day before you can go through.”
Olesm looked apologetic, but Eltistiman didn’t look too put out.
“Ah, a pity. I’ll inquire about the details later. Thank you for your help, sir.”
He smiled at Olesm and turned back to his table. The [Strategist] sat back down and tried to gather his thoughts. He wanted more fries…no! He stared at the table, thinking hard.
“Something’s not right here.”
His conversation with Zevara had reassured him on a lot of points. But still, something didn’t sit right with Olesm. He knew she’d probably run countless simulations, but he wasn’t reassured. The timing, the way everything was falling together…was Liscor in danger? The least he could do was think it out. Olesm sat at the table, pondering hard as his brain ran through possibility after possibility. After a few minutes he looked up and called towards the kitchen.
“Hey, can I have another plate of fries?”
“Coming!”
 
—-
 
The late meal was elegant despite being held in a war camp. Almost ridiculously so; Yitton eyed the gilded plates and silver silverware with deep concern for the priorities of whoever had packed the camp’s supplies. There was no need for this.
