5.52
Page 18
Lady Ieka did not waste time. She peered at the stranger, her eyes narrowed as she flicked her gaze to Tyrion. The [Lord]’s face was impassive as he indicated a chair.
“I apologize for the delay, Lady Ieka. Please have a seat.”
Then he turned to the young man standing beside him.
“Your Majesty, I present to you Lady Ieka of House Imarris, Lord Gralton of House Radivaek, Lord Erill of House Fienst, and Lord Yitton of House Byres. They serve as representatives to the larger gathering of nobility and are among those I trust to keep the nature of tonight’s conversation secret.”
Ieka froze in the middle of sitting down. Yitton felt his knees quiver. Did Tyrion just say ‘your Majesty?’ He saw Gralton snort in surprise and Erill’s eyebrows raise. The merchant [Lord] cast a sharp glance towards the young man. Yitton saw the closed eyes turn towards him. And still, the stranger had not opened his eyes. Yitton felt a chill as he recalled a rumor he’d heard.
A blind man. A foreigner carrying jewels and gold who appeared in Invrisil. A stranger who had attracted the attention of Magnolia Reinhart. 
The Unseen Emperor.
Yitton stared at the young man. Lord Tyrion nodded. He met Yitton’s eyes briefly, then looked around the tent. He spoke softly.
“Lady Ieka, gentlemen, I present to you [Emperor] Laken Godart of Riverfarm. Please, have a seat. We have much to discuss.”
 
—-
 
“It’s all part of his plan. Tyrion Veltras, that is. He’s going to take the Goblins to Liscor. And when he arrives—in a few days—the waters will be gone.”
Olesm shook as he reached for a mug. He’d ordered alcohol despite it being only early morning. He needed a drink to steady his nerves. He didn’t know why he’d dragged Zevara to The Wandering Inn, but something about it reassured him. And he didn’t want to discuss this in the Watch House, not if he was wrong.
Zevara drummed her claws on the table, eying Olesm as he sipped from his mug. It was a dark lager, which Erin seemed quite proud of for some reason. It tasted normal to Olesm, but Zevara had ordered the same.
“When you asked me out for a drink, I didn’t think we’d be talking about strategy.”
Olesm looked up sharply. Zevara grinned sheepishly at him. He didn’t smile back, and the Watch Captain leaned forwards. She coughed.
“Okay, bad joke. Are you sure, Olesm? The waters will recede around Liscor in four day’s time? Right as he’s getting here?”
The [Strategist] nodded. He saw his claws steady on his mug as the alcohol went down. He took a deep breath. It was going to be okay. It was just—
“He’s timed it perfectly, Zevara. Any day now the rains will stop. And when they do, Liscor has only a few days before the waters drain. You know how fast the water levels go down. After that Liscor’s surrounded by mud, but you can fight in mud. Or lay siege in it.”
“And you’re sure it’ll be then? How can you be certain?”
“Tekshia thinks it’ll be around then. I asked her before she nearly gutted me and she told me that there is a pattern to when the rains start and stop. It’s not precise, but you can get within a few days of when it’ll occur. And—it’s too much of a coincidence. First Tyrion camped his army without moving and only now he makes his move? He’s timed this, I’ll bet my class on it.”
“Damn.”
Zevara scowled and sat back in her chair. The two Drakes stared at each other in grim silence—for all of a second. Then they heard Erin breeze past them.
“Fries! Here’s your fries, Olesm! And for you, Zevara, a bowl of fish flakes?”
“Oh. Thanks.”
“Thanks, Erin.”
