5.52
Page 29
There was no way Tyrion Veltras would try something with so many risks. And his army wasn’t that mage-heavy. Olesm crossed that idea off his list. That should have made him relieved, but he wasn’t. He felt like he was missing some crucial piece of information. Something important that would put it all together.
And then it came to him. Not as an idea, but as a letter. The door to Celum opened and someone appeared in the doorway. Olesm paid no notice at first. He vaguely tuned out Erin exclaiming and greeting a tall Human [Runner] who Olesm only barely recalled.
“Fals! Why are you here?”
“I’ve got a letter, actually. It came by regular mail. Took a while to get here, due to a few delays—an idiot sprained his ankle, and it would have taken several more days, but someone paid more for a faster delivery. So here I am.”
“Is it for me? Wait, is it from Ryoka?”
“No. It’s to…”
“Olesm?”
The Drake looked up. He saw the Human offering the letter to him. He blinked at the delicately scented stationary.
“Oh, it’s a fan letter to me. For my chess newspaper. I haven’t run an issue in a while. I—thank you. I’ve got my seal around here. One second…”
Absentmindedly he gave Fals his personal seal and a tip. The [Runner] left the letter with him and went to chat with Erin. About Ryoka. Olesm left the letter on the table for a while as he mentally struggled with the puzzle he was facing. And then, since he was tired and out of sorts, he opened the letter.
It was indeed fan mail, or at least, that was how it began. The delicate cursive made Olesm blink, as did the gold-nibbled edges of the card. It looked expensive. It even smelled expensive, but then he’d received a lot of letters from famous [Strategists] and chess fans. Even Niers Astoragon. He read the letter slowly.
“To Olesm Swifttail of Liscor, I am a deep admirer of your ‘chess newsletter’ that seems to have spread across much of the continent recently. I must confess to having only a passing interest in the game, but I am acquainted with chess and found the games rather fascinating. They are also, apparently, games of the highest caliber according to a rather grumpy friend I regularly correspond with. He has since become vaguely interested in your newsletter and that is quite an accomplishment in itself. I do hope you will continue releasing the game…hope that you will consider sending copies north…mhm…”
Olesm scanned the rest of the letter. It seemed like what he regularly got. He vaguely wondered who was writing this and checked the envelope. Sometimes the writers sent him gold or trinkets. One time he’d gotten a clawful of powdered silver. Weird stuff like that. Olesm found nothing else, but he noticed something on the bottom of the card.
It was a single sentence, underlined and circled repeatedly. It stood out from the rest of the writing, and it made him freeze. It was a strange sentence, that didn’t mesh at all with the rest of the letter. But it mattered. It was the same sentence, word for word, that was sent via Courier to the top [Strategist] in Zeres, and to other Drake [Strategists] via [Message] spell and Runner. Three words. But they made Olesm shout and leap up from his table. He overturned his chair, ran for the door to Liscor and raced out it, shouting for Zevara. It changed everything.
When Olesm’s wild shouting had died off, Erin unfroze and walked slowly over to the table. She picked up the card he’d dropped and turned it over. She skimmed the message until she reached the bottom and saw the underlined word. Then she frowned.
“He has trebuchets.”
