5.52
Page 3
“Swifttail, do you concur with this analysis?”
“I do, sir.”
Olesm gulped and sat up straight. He felt comfortable around the other Drakes normally—okay, he’d avoided sitting in the same room as Embria after she’d tried to invite him out for drinks and Ilvriss was still a Wall Lord—but right now he was in his official capacity and this had a direct impact on the safety of Liscor. He cleared his throat and his tail curled around his chair leg.
“I um, completely agree with the report. There’s no reason why Tyrion Veltras wouldn’t have attacked the Goblins already if he was intending to destroy the army. He outnumbers them both in quality and quantity of his troops, which is clearly overkill.”
“Clearly.”
Zevara muttered, still reading. Olesm nodded again. His leg jittered under the table, making the entire table vibrate slightly. He stopped and flushed.
“Sorry. It uh—yes, clearly he could have won at any time. But he delayed attacking for so long and he’s marched an entire army so far, at great expense I must add! If you factor in the cost of feeding so many soldiers and paying them, not to mention taking them away from their posts…”
Ilvriss was nodding.
“Clearly he has a plan. And this is it. In true Human fashion, he intends to push the threat of the Goblins onto us.”
“It’s sound strategy.”
That came from Embria. The red-scaled Drake looked like she was stepping on hot coals, but she nodded grudgingly as she went back to sit down. She looked at the other Drakes as she spoke.
“That Goblin Lord’s already destroyed two armies and taken out a pair of [Generals]. The Humans can let him rampage across our lands so that we’re weakened. Maybe they intend to beat us during the annual battle at the Blood Fields, or maybe this is part of something larger. Either way, the Goblin Lord is their weapon to do it. They can run him south and claim he ‘got away’.”
“No one would buy that, surely.”
Olesm protested weakly, but Ilvriss shook his head. The Drake ground his teeth together.
“The excuse would be flimsy, but it would work, politically. We have an accord with the Humans that prohibits unprovoked assaults onto Drake sovereignty. So long as they can pretend that they have no direct hand in what the Goblins do, they can claim they’re upholding the treaties.”
He grimaced. The other Drakes sitting at the table went silent, and then Zevara spat a lick of flame.
“Politics.”
She rolled up the scroll and tossed it at the table. Then she looked hard at Olesm. When she spoke, it was with the sharp edge to her tone that she used in battle. Olesm was relieved to hear it. Ilvriss might be a Wall Lord and Embria was technically his superior and an officer of Liscor, but Zevara was the Watch Captain. She held the walls and she was the one who made the decisions that kept Liscor safe.
“Olesm, you’re convinced the Goblins are headed south. The question I have for you is this: are they coming through the High Passes, or past Liscor?”
Olesm frowned and tapped the tips of his claws on the table.
“The report gives it seventy-thirty odds that they’re going through the High Passes rather than Liscor. The Goblins can probably survive marching through the base of the High Passes with minimal casualties—well, they’d probably get at least half across with the Goblin Lord leading them.”
“But you disagree?”
The [Strategist] hesitated. His mind was working hard now.
“I’m considering that they might come through Liscor, yes. And if they do, we’ll know soon.”
He went over to the map of Izril he’d brought to the table and pointed out Tyrion’s current position on the map.
