5.52
Page 22
The Hob grunted and sighed. Erin began dragging over bags and eventually the Hob had to drag everything through the magic door into a cave filled with Goblins. Olesm caught one look of a dozen Goblins swarming Pebblesnatch, peering into the pot as she hit them with her ladle before the door closed. Erin walked back into her kitchen as Olesm looked at Zevara. The Watch Captain shook her head.
“That Gnoll must be making a killing providing so much food for the Goblins.”
Olesm nodded. He recalled a report that had landed on his desk.
“Apparently someone’s bought enough food to drive up prices in the city. I’d have spoken to you about it, but since we have access to Celum’s markets, I didn’t think it was cause for alarm.”
“Oh really? Well, I can handle that.”
Zevara smiled slightly. Then she leaned back in her chair and shouted towards the kitchen.
“Oi, Human! Buy your food from Celum instead of Liscor! We don’t have unlimited supplies, you know!”
“Aw! Fine!”
The Watch Captain grinned as she sat back and looked at Olesm.
“Problem solved. Now where were we?”
“Can we talk about Liscor and the Goblins? Er, I mean, the Goblin Lord. I was going to ask you how certain you are. I hate to keep harping on about it, but…”
Olesm twiddled his claw thumbs together. Zevara nodded. She sat up straighter and leaned forwards, lowering her voice.
“It’s not a concern to me because I know our numbers, Olesm. A siege isn’t easy and there’s no wood around Liscor—at least, not in enough quantities to help in besieging our city. Our gates are nigh impregnable and even if the Goblins had siege towers or ladders…the Watch numbers in the thousands. We have Embria and her soldiers and they’re worth something. So is Ilvriss. But what really reassures me are the Antinium. Don’t let anyone know I said that.”
“Really?”
There was a lot Olesm knew as Liscor’s [Strategist], but some things were still above his pay grade. At least, they had been as a [Tactician]. Zevara nodded. She lowered her voice even further, although no one was listening.
“Officially, the Antinium have three hundred Soldiers they can bring to our defense if necessary. Unofficially…we could hold off a hundred thousand Goblins even if all of them had ladders. We can fill the walls with bodies, make it practically unclimbable. And the Humans have to know that.”
Olesm whistled. Obviously a single defender could repel multiple attackers, but Zevara was speaking about hard numbers here.
“So we’re safe?”
She nodded.
“If they want to besiege us, they’ll have to take our walls just like the Goblins and we won’t fall so quickly. It’s my opinion that you’re right and the Humans are pushing the Goblins past Liscor, but not attack it. With that said, keep listening.”
“Will do.”
“Good. Keep me informed.”
Zevara fished in her belt pouch and stood up. She tossed a few coins onto the table and strode towards the door. Olesm saw her pause there and waver. After a moment she stomped back over, blushing.
“Sorry, I guess this was a work discussion after all. I’d stay and talk, but I need to tell Embria and Ilvriss and file a report with what you’ve told me.”
Olesm stood up, flushing with embarrassment.
“Of course. I’m sorry, this was my fault.”
“No, no, it was good. And important. It’s just that—”
“Duty calls. Right. Another time, then?”
“Naturally.”
