5.52
Page 4
“They’re four days away if they keep marching this fast. Maybe five or six if they hit delays, but four’s my estimate. If it’s the High Passes though, we’ll know tomorrow. They’ll have to change course and they’ll be there two days from now.”
Embria eyed the winding gap that marked the only other entrance point between north and south in the High Passes.
“Assuming they do that, there’s little we can do. They’ll pop out far further west. But say they come to Liscor.”
She tapped Liscor on the map and pointed out the basin that Liscor lay roughly in the center of. Embria shook her head.
“It’s foolish to try pushing the Goblins across the water while Liscor is flooded.”
“If they try to push the Goblins across the water, they’ll die by the tens of thousands to our archers on the walls and the monsters and fish in the waters. We can range them, if not with bows, then with spells. And they won’t have boats. They’ll be sitting ducks!”
Olesm nodded. That was what the [Strategist] from Zeres had written. But still—he frowned.
“That’s true Wing Commander Embria, but the High Passes are just as deadly. It might be safer to dare crossing the basin, especially if Rock Crabs and assaults from Liscor are the only dangers. We have limited arrows and even if we slew—what, forty thousand? How many arrows can our archers put out per minute? What if the Goblins travelled around the edge of the basin? That’s still a huge force if this Goblin Lord can keep it alive. And more if they link up with the Goblins from the dungeon.”
Embria paused. Ilvriss sat up slightly.
“You think Tyrion Veltras is aware of the Cave Goblin situation and intends to grow the Goblin Lord’s army?”
Olesm shook his head.
“I doubt he knows, Wall Lord. But it might complicate matters if he finds them there.”
Ilvriss nodded slowly.
“I have given much thought to the situation. There may be a few thousand Goblins living in the dungeon still, at least several hundred. Like all of the monsters that plague Liscor, they must be dealt with.”
Olesm’s stomach did an unhappy belly flop. Ilvriss sighed.
“It is my duty to say they should be eradicated without mercy. But to slay them outright…it sits ill on my conscience.”
“Yes sir. I completely agree.”
The Goblins had helped save the citizens of Liscor. More than that, Olesm had gotten to know the Redfang Goblins living in Erin’s inn and he couldn’t fathom the idea of killing them. Embria clearly didn’t share the same opinion, however.
“They may have served Liscor once, but they are monsters, Wall Lord. If you wish to reward them, give them an hour to run and then send the Watch and my soldiers after them.”
Ilvriss glanced up.
“You think you could rout an army of two thousand Cave Goblins, Wing Commander Embria? With your 4th Company?”
There were barely more than a hundred soldiers in her company. Olesm blinked, but Embria nodded confidently.
“Give me a thousand Level 10 [Soldiers] and I could take on an army twice as large. Against Goblins? Four times. My company and I were deployed to hold Liscor. If the Goblin Lord comes through Liscor by water, or these Cave Goblins need to be dealt with, the Watch supplemented by my soldiers can deal with either issue.”
The red-scaled Drake smiled confidently. Ilvriss nodded slowly and Zevara frowned, but didn’t object. As for Olesm, he nodded slowly as he did the calculations. Embria wasn’t lying, or boasting—much.
