5.52
Page 32
“This is insane. It would be the first prelude to a full-scale war. The Drakes would never let Liscor fall so easily.”
Yitton felt like he was alone in the room. The others barely glanced at him, but Erill did look up.
“Yitton has a point, Tyrion. If Magnolia Reinhart has warned the Drakes, they’ll be marching north as fast as they can. But they don’t have to wait. They have that magic door. You recall, from the siege of Liscor?”
Lady Ieka snapped her fingers, frustrated.
“Of course! I recall that thing! They could continually reinforce Liscor, send an army through before we got there! If they do that then—”
“Calm yourselves, that issue has already been accounted for.”
Tyrion’s voice was unperturbed. Erill’s eyebrows nearly disappeared into his hair as he glanced at Tyrion. The [Lord] did not elaborate.
“I’ve already made a move in that regards. Moreover, I suspect that door cannot transport legions of soldiers without great cost. But it is another reason why I intend to take the city. A doorway that would allow us to reinforce the city or transport an army would be of considerable strategic importance.”
“Not to mention economic.”
“Of course. Liscor is a gateway city. And in times of peace, it would be valuable to hold.”
“Lord Tyrion. All of what you’ve said is an open declaration to the Drakes. If you take Liscor, they will declare war. A true war that will split our continent in two once more.”
Yitton spoke through numb lips. He stared at Tyrion. How could he have misjudged the man? But then—he hadn’t. Tyrion had always been aiming at this. He hadn’t lied to anyone. If he’d done the trickery, it was by hiding his intent until the last moment. But he’d shot towards his goal. Straight as an arrow. And just as deadly. Lord Tyrion looked at Yitton, and for a moment his gaze softened. Perhaps he wanted Yitton to understand, but the Lord Byres couldn’t. At last, Tyrion shook his head.
“This is not an act of war. This is an unfortunate accident that will lead to the fall of Liscor. The Goblins will sack the city. And we will clear them out. We will not violate our treaties; nor will we kill a single Drake. Naturally, Liscor must be occupied and so our army will rebuild it stronger and populate it once more.”
Just hearing the way Tyrion phrased it made Yitton feel as though he’d swallowed muck. He bit his tongue rather than shout, but then he heard laughter. It was coarse, boisterous, almost mocking. Lord Gralton stood up. He pointed down at the map and looked Tyrion in the eye, challengingly. His bloodshot gaze promised death, but his words were surprisingly measured as he spoke to Tyrion.
“And if the Drakes don’t buy your twisted words? What if they march their armies north and demand Liscor back at the point of the sword? What if they take it back by force of arms? What then?”
Tyrion Veltras paused. And then he smiled.
“They can try.”
 
—-
 
Olesm stood in the conference room of Liscor’s city hall. He was panting, out of breath. For a second Ilvriss, Embria, and Zevara stared at him and the same horror in his chest painted their faces. Then Ilvriss moved. He turned and roared an order at his aides, who were staring into the meeting room.
“Get me a [Message] spell to the Walled Cities now! I want every report on Liscor’s rainfall sitting in front of me!”
They ran. Ilvriss swore and grabbed at his scrying orb. Embria’s voice shook as she looked around.
“I need to find a [Mage]. Now. I must inform the High Command!”
“Them? What can they do?”
