5.52
Page 10
Selys smiled, but her eyes flicked to the piece of paper Olesm covertly showed her. She looked at Olesm and her tail twitched slightly. She knew. But she kept her face straight like the best of [Actors].
“Really? Well, Grandma is old, and apparently she knows a lot about Liscor. She won’t shut up about how things worked in her day, at any rate. What do you need to know?”
Olesm shrugged casually.
“Nothing much. I’d just like to know when the rainfall usually stops.”
Selys frowned.
“The rain? I’d say it’s due to stop soon, don’t you think?”
“Yes, but when, exactly? Are there patterns? If Guildmistress Tekshia could tell me herself, or point me to any books or reports on the subject, I’d be grateful.”
“Oh, well in that case I can take you to her. Why don’t we go now?”
“Sounds good.”
The two Drakes slid away from the desk and casually walked towards the stairs, bantering lightly. Olesm saw the Flamewardens, the Wings of Pallass, and two other Gold-rank teams sitting by the stairs. He could feel sweat rolling down his scales as the adventurers stared at him.
“Hey, Olesm, isn’t it?”
“Um, yes?”
Olesm and Selys froze as they passed by the not-leader of the Wings of Pallass, Bevussa. The Garuda smiled at him.
“We met during the battle. And the baseball game. How’s it going?”
“Oh, well. You know how it is. I’m just on business for Liscor.”
“Yeah? You work with Wall Lord Ilvriss, don’t you? Any news about who got what yet?”
The atmosphere sharpened to a razor’s edge. Olesm saw Keldrass of the Flamewardens look up, and a Gold-rank Gnoll slowly sniff the air. He tried to keep his tail from tying itself in knots.
“T-the lottery? I’ve got no idea. Wall Lord Ilvriss is making his decisions. If I knew anything I’d let you know, sorry. I’m uh, just going with Selys—”
The [Receptionist] tugged Olesm and he stumbled towards the stairs. Bevussa half-rose as her eyes narrowed, but the two Drakes practically ran upstairs. Selys pushed Olesm towards the end of the hall where Tekshia’s office was. Only when they were a few feet from the doors did she finally slump.
“Ancestors, Olesm! You are the worst liar I’ve ever met! And I’ve talked to the Antinium!”
“I’m sorry, I panicked!”
Olesm wiped sweat from his brow, then he froze.
“Can they hear us…?”
Selys shook her head.
“No, there’s an anti-eavesdropping spell around Grandma’s office. They can’t hear a thing. Is that really the list of rewards?”
“That’s right.”
Olesm showed Selys the parchment. She snatched it from him and unfolded it.
“Hey!”
“Shut up. Let’s see here…oh wow. Griffon Hunt got their first pick, the bow, the Halfseekers didn’t get their armor, but they did get a mace, the Wings got a sword and the Flamewardens got the armor—this isn’t good.”
“It’s not?”
Olesm craned his neck to see the neat scrawl. Selys tsked as she read.
“No, but it was going to be bad no matter what. All that fighting—why couldn’t Ilvriss have hurried up? Well, I guess either way…there’ll be a huge brawl when the adventurers hear who got what, you mark my words. Grandmother’s probably going to have to get them to leave the city before she tells them or something. Otherwise they’ll wreck half the guild.”
The [Strategist] winced.
“Well, that’s none of my business. I’m just the messenger.”
“Right, message received. I’ll get this to Grandma. You can go.”
Selys waved a claw at Olesm. He hesitated.
“Actually, I was serious about the rainfall question.”
“Really?”
“It may be a matter of Liscor’s security.”
