5.52
Page 28
The iron wall of refusal Erin had built up turned out to be rusty. She hesitated and edged over to Jelaqua.
“I mean, okay, I’m pretty rich from all the gold I got from Ilvriss right now. I can buy a lot of potatoes or…nails…but if you’re giving me money—not that I’m saying you have lots of money to give or anything—”
The two conferred for a minute. After a little bit, Jelaqua shook Erin’s hand.
“You won’t regret this. They won’t go anywhere, I promise. Unless I’m in them! Come on, Seborn, we’re taking these guys downstairs!”
“Good. Hurry up. Moore says the other ones are getting drenched in the rain.”
The Halfseekers stomped down into the basement. Erin looked around sheepishly. All of her patrons gave her a long stare. She coughed and sidled over to a table. She leaned on it and then spoke to Eltistiman.
“Sorry about that. That doesn’t happen all the time.”
The [Magician] blinked up at Erin. He opened his mouth to respond, but no words came out for quite some while. And Olesm still muttering.
“It can’t be that simple. This Tyrion Veltras can’t be that stupid. He had to know a Goblin Lord’s army couldn’t take Liscor, not with the Antinium and the Watch and enchanted walls on our side.”
He was doing calculations on a scrap of parchment. Erin had banned him from using the table. Olesm frowned as he muttered.
“What if they tried linked casting? If they linked every mage they had—assuming all the Gold-rank adventurers he’s hired, and if you assume…what, one high-level [Mage] per thousand [Soldiers]…”
He had to consult a [Mage] on that. Unfortunately, only Falene and Pisces were present. They had been playing an unfriendly game of chess, but the half-Elf paused to give her opinion on how feasible that would be.
“Linked casting is certainly a powerful technique. However, it requires immense concentration and discipline on the part of the casters. It cannot be performed with totally untrained mages—in Wistram, only students of the fourth year or older would learn to cast together. Of course, any true graduate of Wistram would know how to perform such a spell.”
She looked pointedly at Pisces. The [Necromancer] rolled his eyes. He interrupted Falene with a sneer.
“The problem that Falene has yet to point out, Olesm, is that linking does not allow [Mages] to cast spells they do not already know. They could boost an existing spell several times over—the classic example is using [Siege Fireball], which is simply an overcharged version of [Grand Fireball]—but unless the lead mage knows a Tier 6 spell or higher, the effort is usually pointless.”
“I get it. So there’s a limit.”
“And unless there’s a truly powerful Gold-rank team—no, they’d be Named Adventurers. Or you’d know of the [Mage] by name if they were coming your way.”
Falene nodded grudgingly. That left Olesm with an answer. Of sorts. He went back to his table and continued calculating.
“Okay, so assuming they don’t have that many powerful spells or Tier 6 is the absolute limit…they might be able to do that. But we have anti-spell wards. We could take at least a few hits from a Tier 6 spell, and [Siege Fireball] wouldn’t be enough to damage our walls. Right? And those [Mages] are in danger of being killed if they’re in range. It’s not a sensible idea. We held off the [Necromancer], after all…”
