5.52
Page 26
For a moment Yitton was convinced his ears had betrayed him. He half-rose from his seat. War. Gralton was grinning madly. Ieka and Erill were frozen. Yitton uttered a strangled sound and Tyrion looked at him.
“Lord Yitton?”
It took Yitton a second to make words come out of his throat.
“Lord Tyrion, you cannot be serious! War has not been declared with the Drakes! To attack Liscor would be—”
“I do not intend to declare war. Nor do I intend to violate the terms of our treaty with the Drakes in any way. We will take no direct action against the city of Liscor. But it will be taken.”
“How?”
Erill leaned over his plate. His eyes were sharp as they studied Tyrion. He spoke plainly, dispensing with formalities.
“How, Tyrion? The Goblin Lord may be weaker than our army, but he is not a mindless tool. Goblins are not entirely suicidal. Do you intend to force him to attack Liscor? I fear he would rather march around the walls and take his chances fleeing rather than face certain death. Liscor cannot be taken by an army so quickly, not without preparation. And not while the waters have risen.”
Tyrion nodded. His eyes flicked amusement towards Erill, though his face was stoney.
“That is true, Lord Erill. But the waters will fall shortly. By the time we arrive, Liscor will be assailable.”
“Not by Goblins, and not without an even larger army than the one you brought! Their walls are enchanted! We’d need dedicated siege mages, not the ones we’ve brought. And ladders! Siege towers, dozens of them! Erill is right, an assault is suicide! You might as well kill the Goblin Lord and be done with it—he’ll never risk an assault!”
Ieka glowered at Tyrion. He shook his head.
“I intend to offer Liscor to the Goblin Lord as a prize, Ieka. By making it a target easy to take.”
“Impossible. No one can break the walls with magic or with steel. The Necromancer hurled his undead against the walls and they held. The Goblin Lord’d never get over before the Drakes reinforce the city. But go on.”
Gralton grinned. Tyrion smiled coldly.
“I happen to have a way to open Liscor’s walls, Gralton.”
“That would be where I come in, wouldn’t it, Lord Tyrion?”
Laken looked up casually. Tyrion nodded.
“Yes, your majesty. As you surmised, your help is essential.”
He began to rise from his seat, but a strangled noise interrupted him. Tyrion looked to Yitton. The [Lord] was on his feet. He looked around the room, from Ieka to Erill to Tyrion to Gralton—and then at Jericha. Finally he looked at Laken, though the young man could not return his gaze.
“Lord Tyrion, everyone. Are you serious? Are you truly contemplating an attack on a sovereign city? Unprovoked?”
He stared around, but saw no wavering in any of the gazes that came back to him. Just cold calculation in Erill’s eyes, a burning fever in Gralton’s, curiosity in Ieka’s. And in Tyrion he saw that burning excitement.
Only Laken Godart didn’t respond with his eyes, because they were closed. But he shifted slightly, looked down. If he could have met Yitton’s eyes, what would he have said? Tyrion interrupted Yitton impatiently.
“We are at war with the Drakes, Yitton. We have been for centuries.”
“In name only. Surely this—”
“If the Drakes thought they could push into our lands, they would. Since we are strong, we have repelled such attempts. But I do not intend to wait until that day comes. Liscor falls, Yitton. And I would ask that you refrain from voiceing your objections until I have finished speaking.”
Slowly, Yitton sat. He was trembling. Tyrion waited a beat, and then went on.
