5.52
Page 11
“Why? No, wait, I don’t want to know. Let’s just get this over with. Grandma’s not going to be happy about the Halfseekers, though.”
“Why? Does she favor them?”
“No, but she has a thirty-gold bet they’d get the armor. Hold on. Grandma?”
Selys raised her voice and knocked on the door. Olesm heard a muffled sound from within, and then jumped as he heard a thump. It sounded like someone had thrown something heavy against the door. Selys frowned, and then the door opened and a pair of people spilled out.
“Revi? Yvlon?”
The two women scrambled out of Tekshia’s office as if they were being chased. They paused and stared at the two Drakes. Revi was smiling more widely than Olesm had ever seen her, and Yvlon looked pleased. However, both adventurers quickly shut the door behind them.
“Selys, Olesm, I didn’t realize you were outside.”
Yvlon nodded at the two of them. Revi just kept smiling. It was quite eerie compared to her usual scowl. Olesm blinked. Selys folded her arms.
“What’s going on? I thought you two were meeting Grandmother on adventuring business.”
“We were. Just a casual update for Liscor’s guild.”
Revi pointed back to the door. Selys rolled her eyes.
“In that case, why did she throw her spear at you? Don’t lie—I recognize that thump.”
Yvlon and Revi exchanged a quick glance. The armored woman was the first to answer.
“Your grandmother’s insane, Selys. She could have hit us!”
“Only if you really made her mad. Sounds like she was trying for it anyways. What happened?”
“Well…we drew the short straws, so we had to meet her.”
Revi and Yvlon exchanged glances. They didn’t seem too displeased despite their brush with death. Selys frowned.
“About what?”
Yvlon coughed and Revi shrugged. The two looked too happy. Olesm narrowed his eyes. Selys made a displeased hissing sound.
“Just tell me, would you? You told my grandmother—she’ll tell me.”
“Oh, but we didn’t tell her—”
“Shush!”
Revi nudged Yvlon. The Stitch-Woman smiled at Selys.
“We can’t give out details, Selys. But you know how adventurers have to report income to the Adventurer’s Guild?”
Both Selys and Olesm nodded. Adventurers generally owed ten percent of everything they made to the guild. Normally that was pre-deducted in cases of requests, but when adventurers found treasure in dungeons they were required to pay a tax on what they earned, both to the Adventurer’s Guild and the city if the dungeon was on their lands. Olesm knew Selys would have to fill out a myriad of forms after the Raskghar’s treasure had been divided up.
“Everyone knows that. What, did your groups find some more treasure in the dungeon? If you did, you’ll have to pay up just like everyone.”
The two adventurers grinned giddily. Now Olesm was seriously beginning to be weirded out. He took a step behind Selys as Revi replied.
“Oh, we know. And normally we’d have to disclose everything. But ah, not this time. We were just stopping by to let Guildmistress Tekshia know that our teams—that is, Griffon Hunt, the Halfseekers, and the Horns of Hammerad—received a huge amount of income. And we’re not paying for any of it. She was just testing us with truth spells.”
“What? But you have to pay! Grandmother wouldn’t let you two off unless—that’s illegal!”
Selys stared at Revi and Yvlon. Again, the adventurers shook their heads.
“Not if it’s a gift. Gifts aren’t taxable under the Adventurer Guild’s laws. And it just so happens that we got a huge ‘gift’ of treasure the Raskghar left behind. So it’s all ours and we don’t owe the guild a copper coin.”
Revi smirked. Olesm raised a hand timidly.
