5.52
Page 19
Olesm looked around. Erin’s inn wasn’t exactly hopping, but it was doing good business. The young woman had Gnolls and Drakes and Humans eating in her inn, a few of which Olesm recognized as regulars.
There were a few new faces like the [Mage] with the gaudy robes sitting at a table just next to Olesm’s. And was that a Cave Goblin walking in and out of the kitchen? Olesm spotted Numbtongue sitting at a table, playing on a guitar. He shook his head and focused back on Zevara.
“The waters will fall. And he’ll march the Goblins straight in here. It’s safer than the High Passes. And if they’re not swimming, they can run right around Liscor with minimal casualties. Or there’s a worse option.”
“Go on.”
Zevara’s grip tightened on her mug. Olesm took a deep breath.
“They make the Goblins assault the city.”
He stared at Zevara for a few seconds in grim silence. The Watch Captain blinked, and then she laughed. She drank from her mug and chewed down a few fish flakes.
“You had me worried there, Olesm! That’s not going to happen.”
“You’re sure?”
Olesm’s racing heart finally began to slow. Zevara nodded, chewing her food with good humor.
“There’s no way. Even if a hundred thousand Goblins attacked our walls tomorrow, we could hold them. This isn’t like the moths. There were probably at least a hundred thousand of them and they could fly. The Watch is thousands strong and we have enchantments on our walls, Embria’s company, Wall Lord Ilvriss…and the Antinium.”
“That’s true, but I was considering the timing and I thought—”
Zevara shook her head. She indicated the fries and Olesm realized he hadn’t touched his food. He began to eat as she replied.
“No, you’re dead right about the Goblins moving through Liscor. Damn, they’ll get past with far less casualties this way. But there’s no way they can take the city. Not even if the Goblin Lord brings his entire force to bear. I’m certain of it. Don’t worry about that, Olesm.”
The [Strategist] sagged in relief. He’d been running through scenarios in his head, but if Zevara said so, he could relax. He was about to ask more when Zevara coughed. She glanced at Olesm and then leaned back in her chair.
“So, how’ve you been lately?”
The change of conversation was as jarring as Olesm could imagine. For a moment he stared, and then realized what Zevara was doing. He jumped and remembered that he had asked if she was free. And they were eating at Erin’s inn.
“Oh, nothing much. It’s been work as usual, you know.”
“We do see a lot of each other.”
“Yeah. And uh, I haven’t had much free time what with the Raskghar and all the reports.”
“Right. We’re uh, overdue for time off.”
“Yep.”
That line of dialogue died fast. The two Drakes stared at each other. Then Zevara shifted.
“I heard there was something interesting happening over here the other day.”
“When is there not?”
“Hah. But I meant this game that Relc played. Apparently it was in Celum? And it involved hitting a ball and running around in a circle?”
Zevara looked hopelessly at Olesm. He smiled.
“A diamond, actually. It was this fascinating game that Erin introduced us to. It’s called baseball. I wish you could have been there. You see—”
“Olesm, is that you? I haven’t seen you in—oh.”
The Drake broke off as Zevara was leaning forwards. He turned and winced. Of all the times…Zevara leaned back and her smile vanished. Ceria Springwalker paused as she realized what she’d walked into.
“Uh, hello. Ceria.”
“Hey Olesm. Sorry, I didn’t see you were busy.”
Ceria stared at Zevara. The Watch Captain crunched down on a fish flake.
