5.52
Page 1
Erin sighed and found the green stone for Liscor. She slapped it on the door, opened the door, and stared into the wet and dark streets of Liscor just before dawn. No one there. She shrugged, closed the door, plucked the green mana stone off and found the blue stone for Celum. She placed it on the door and then opened it.
A Dragon stared at her through the doorway. His eyes were bright yellow and his head was taller than she was. His nose was inches from Erin’s face. She froze.
He was standing in a massive cave. Where was Octavia’s shop? The question fled Erin’s mind as the Dragon opened his mouth. Red and orange flames licked around his teeth as he spoke.
“Human girl, do not be afraid. I am—”
“Aaah!”
Erin screamed and punched the Dragon straight in the nose. Instead of connecting with his scales, her fist passed through the Dragon’s face. Erin felt her fist connect with something else, though. Something that went crack. She heard a yelp and a crash.
The Dragon vanished. Erin blinked as Octavia’s shop, cluttered but familiar, appeared. And lying on the hardwood floor was a man with bright green hair. He was dressed in colorful blue robes decorated with magical symbols and mystical monsters like the dragon in gold, and he looked like he was in his mid-thirties. He was also lying on the ground, clutching a bleeding nose.
“What the heck?”
Erin stared at the man, and then looked around. Octavia’s shop was right there, as it always was. And sitting behind her counter as Octavia, frozen in the middle of eating her breakfast—a stale piece of bread with mold growing on one corner.
“Octavia? What’s going on?”
“You punched the magician.”
The Stich-Girl stared at Erin and then slowly bit into her piece of bread. Erin stared at her, and then heard a moan from the ground. She looked down. The [Mage] was getting up.
“E-Eltistiman Verdue, Miss. At your service. I do apologize for the scare. Ooh…”
He covered his bleeding nose. Erin stared at him.
“You were a Dragon. Why’d you do that?”
He winced.
“I rather hoped it would have impressed you. Scared—but impressed. I had an entire lineup ready to go, but I didn’t expect you to punch a Dragon in the nose. I’m terribly sorry. Just let me—”
With one hand covering his bleeding nose he fished in his robes and came out with a handkerchief. He covered his nose with that and then bowed slightly to Erin.
“As I said, my name is Eltistiman Verdue. I am a [Magician]. Do I have the honor of speaking to Miss Erin Solstice, proprietress of The Wandering Inn?”
“That’s right? You’re a [Magician]? Are you some kind of illusionist? A performer?”
Erin was starting to regret punching the man in the face. Sort of. What kind of a person sprang a Dragon on someone in the morning? Well…someone like Eltistiman, apparently. He nodded, trying to tilt his head back, pose, and speak all at the same time.
“I do tricks and wonderful illusions for all to see. I heard your inn was a gathering place for a wonderful new show—by the Players of Celum? I had hoped to audition to join them as part of the attraction, but I fear my first attempt was somewhat off-putting. I beg your forgiveness.”
“No, I’m really sorry. I uh, just have a thing about Dragons. Actually, I’m really sorry I punched you.”
Erin looked around frantically, then called out to Octavia.
“Um, Octavia? Can I buy a healing potion?”
The [Alchemist] brightened. So did Eltistiman. Erin beckoned him into the inn, flustered, embarrassed, and slightly amused all at once.
“Sorry. Have a seat and a healing potion, on me.”
“Oh, no, I couldn’t—”
