5.52
Page 12
“But that’s just a technicality. If it was in the dungeon, it’s still acquired loot. You can’t just claim it’s a gift to be exempt. If you found it—”
“But that’s the thing. We didn’t find it, so it wasn’t adventurer’s loot. We got it from the Goblins. They had all the treasure. All of it.”
“The Redfang Goblins did? But they’re adventurers too!”
Selys looked astounded. Revi’s smile only grew wider as she shook her head.
“That’s what we thought. But guess what? Apparently, Erin told us that they were made a team yesterday. Funny thing, that. I thought they were supposed to be regular adventurers already, but it sounds like someone confused the paperwork so they wouldn’t have to give the Goblins any of the treasure we got.”
Olesm blanched as Selys shot him a quizzical glance. He remembered that discussion with Ilvriss and Zevara. They’d fudged the paperwork so that the Redfang Goblins would be exempt from the lottery.
“T-that, how do you know that?”
“Oh, we don’t care. And they don’t either. But that means they were just random…Goblins until yesterday. And they gave us all the treasure three days ago. So…guess what?”
Revi assured Olesm. She was still smiling. Slowly, Olesm began to put the pieces together. He paled.
“You don’t mean—”
“That’s right! Your Guildmistress nearly strangled us, but we checked the law and we’re in the clear. She can’t claim that’s dungeon treasure, not if the Goblins had it first and they weren’t adventurers. So all of this is a private donation by individuals unaffiliated with the Adventurer’s Guild or Liscor to us. Which means we owe you nothing.”
Olesm’s jaw dropped. He didn’t know how much Revi was talking about, but the huge grin the Stitch-Woman wore and the pleased expression on Yvlon’s face told him everything. Selys stared at Revi as well. The [Summoner] wore the evilest, smuggest smile Olesm had seen on any face, Human, Drake, or otherwise.
“And Grandmother let you live?”
“She nearly got us with that spear. But we’re in the clear. If she wants to argue, she can try, but we don’t have to tell you what we got. We’ve done our duty by disclosing the rough amount and we’ve been checked under truth spell. Now we owe you nothing. See you!”
Revi waved at the two Drakes and then practically bounced down the corridor. She was actually singing to herself. Yvlon smiled and paused before following her.
“Sorry, but that’s how it is. It’s…good seeing you two. Keep it a secret, okay?”
She followed Revi. The two Drakes stared as Yvlon and Revi walked down the stairs. Slowly, Selys looked at Olesm.
“Grandmother’s going to have a heart attack. If I walk in that room she’s going to be dead—or about to blow her scales off.”
“And Wall Lord Ilvriss and the Council will have my tail.”
Olesm groaned. He was putting the pieces together now. The Redfang Goblins—or rather, the Cave Goblins must have known about the Raskghar’s treasure stash! Of course they wouldn’t have kept it in their mobile camps! And Revi was exactly right—it wasn’t taxable! By preventing the Redfang Goblins from earning their reward, Liscor had just lost…
The [Strategist] was about to smack his head repeatedly into a wall when he noticed Selys smiling. He looked suspiciously at her.
“What’re you happy about? This is a disaster!”
Selys smirked in a pretty good replica of Revi’s expression.
“For Liscor, and the guild, probably. But did you forget? I’ve been leasing the Heartflame Breastplate to the Halfseekers. Under our agreement, I get 30% of whatever the Halfseekers make. It’s no scales off my tail.”
