5.52
Page 27
“Yes, Liscor has been my target from the beginning. Ever since I began mustering this army. I would not have informed any of you of my plans until the moment was at hand. It is not that I do not trust any of your personally; I trust no one at all with my plans. But it seems Magnolia Reinhart is determined to sabotage me regardless of the cost. She has sent a message informing the Drakes of my plans.”
“Magnolia has?”
Ieka breathed in sharply. Erill stirred and Gralton muttered a word not fit for polite company. Or any company, really. Tyrion nodded coldly.
“She is determined to keep the false peace in place. So she’s warned the Drakes.“
“And that’s ruined your plans, hence you telling us? Or must we move quickly, alter this plan you’ve yet to tell us?”
Erill raised his glass and looked at Tyrion sharply. The [Lord] smiled.
“On the contrary. I’m choosing to tell you all because it’s too late for her to stop me. Too late for her, or anyone else.”
 
—-
 
Erin peered across her inn. So far her day had been pretty normal, aside from punching Dragons before breakfast. She’d made some soup, hung out with her friends, scolded Mrsha for stealing food…now she was a bit worried about Olesm. He’d been muttering to himself for the past hour and people were beginning to stare at him.
Olesm was sitting at the table, head in his hands, muttering to himself. Since that was how he tended to behave when he played chess against her, she didn’t worry too much. But she did make sure he got his fries, and sent a plate to Eltistiman the [Magician] as well as an apology.
She was about to go over and talk to Olesm when she noticed Jelaqua coming in from Liscor. She noticed because the Selphid was dripping wet and holding something behind her. A bulky, cloth-wrapped something. Seborn was holding the other end. It looked like a body.
It was.
“Jelaqua, what’s that?”
The Selphid turned. She’d clearly been trying to sneak upstairs, but she was about as good a grave robber as…well…Erin had no frame of reference. She smiled guiltily at Erin.
“Hey Erin! What’re you talking about?”
“That. What’s that you’re holding?”
Erin pointed at the clearly large, clearly dead body. A furry paw was sticking out from underneath the cloth.
“Nothing.”
The Selphid tried to hide her end of the covered body behind her. Erin folded her arms. The Selphid wavered.
“Okay, maybe it’s a dead Raskghar. But its dead, see?”
She poked the body and lifted the cover. Erin recoiled.
“Why are you bringing it into my inn?”
Jelaqua winced.
“I was going to store a few in my room. You know, just in case? Or…I was thinking we could use the basement. There’s only food down there, and you don’t have rats. And it’s nice and cool.”
“No. Absolutely—why do you need multiple dead bodies?”
“Spares in case my body gets damaged? To try out? Emergency food supplies?”
“For fun?”
Seborn raised his end of the Raskghar. Jelaqua and Erin stared at him. The Drowned Man shrugged.
“That’s what you told me.”
“Seborn!”
“I’m not having dead bodies in my inn. They’ll rot. Okay, maybe they won’t with the [Field of Preservation] but—rats will eat them! If I had rats. I—I’m just not having them here! No way!”
Erin raised her hands. Jelaqua nearly dropped the dead Raskghar and held up her claws imploringly. Seborn swore as he tried to prop the body up.
“Come on, Erin. Please? I never get extra bodies and these ones are so—do you know how prestigious it is to be the first Selphid to wear a new body? You won’t notice them at all, I swear! And we’ll pay you.”
“There’s no w—how much?”
