5.52
Page 30
She looked up at the staring customers. Erin stared at the card and then looked around. She scratched her head.
“Who does?”
 
—-
 
“Trebuchets.”
Yitton sat at the table. He tried to picture the word, but he had only seen one in a book. He’d heard what they could do, of course. They were siege weapons, designed to take down enemy walls from afar. But none existed in northern Izril. They were impossible to make unless you were an [Engineer]. Who would contemplate building such a thing? Who would know how other than someone who had a class?
An [Emperor], that was who. Laken Godart sat at the table and nodded, calm as could be. The staring nobility finally remembered to close their jaws at last.
“You know how to make trebuchets?”
“Of course. I’ve taught my [Engineers] how to make them as well. We had two when Lord Tyrion rescued Riverfarm. But at his request, we’ve been working on duplicating them as fast as possible.”
“And now? How many do you have?”
Lord Erill leaned over the table, ignoring the food that smudged his expensive clothing. Laken paused for a second and then nodded.
“We have thirteen trebuchets, eight of which have been tested. My [Engineering] team will continue testing the others and constructing more on the march.”
Tyrion nodded.
“I’ve conscripted every high-level [Carpenter], [Blacksmith], and [Builder] into working on the trebuchets. I intend to have at least twenty by the time we arrive at Liscor. If I can contrive, it, forty.”
“Forty—but how many [Engineers] do you have?”
Yitton choked on the thought of so many. Laken just sighed.
“Only a pair for now. But the class doesn’t matter, Lord Yitton. It is not the class which brings knowledge. It is understanding. And I understand how trebuchets work. I do not need a Skill or time to experiment; I can order my people to replicate the design a hundred times. A thousand times, if need be.”
“And you brought thirteen of them. To besiege Liscor.”
Yitton repeated the words slowly. He tried to remember if he’d heard any rumors of strange weapons arriving. How big were they? They had to be massive, surely. Erill frowned.
“Where were they kept? I heard nothing about any trebuchets arriving—”
Ieka laughed softly. She fanned herself, glancing at Tyrion with something akin to admiration.
“He’s using bags of holding, obviously. You’ve got all the parts stored neatly away. And ammunition, I shouldn’t wonder. Nothing to see. Or sabotage. How quickly can they be set up and operated?”
“It will take time, but Emperor Laken assures me that his people can train others in the operation of the weapons. And with them, taking Liscor becomes a reality.”
“How?”
It was the same question, but there was urgency in it this time. Now all the nobles looked at Tyrion, not with incredulity, but wanting to know exactly how it would be done. Yitton pointed out the obvious with a sick feeling in his stomach.
“Attacking Liscor will still violate the terms of our peace.”
“Not if the attack was incidental.”
“You mean—an accident?”
“Yes. An unfortunate misunderstanding. Poor aim as our army finally assaults the Goblin Lord.”
Lord Tyrion’s eyes glittered. He had a cup in his hands. Now he put it down to speak.
“Our army has been pursuing one purpose and one alone: to slay the Goblin Lord. He has escaped us for many days, but at last, we will have cornered him at Liscor. To attack his army, we will deploy trebuchets, a powerful weapon which will surely be his downfall. Unfortunately, on the day of the assault, the trebuchets will misfire. And strike Liscor instead.”
Erill shook his head.
