5.52
Page 6
“I believe that the Walled Cities will put forward a motion to gather a truly large suppression army at Pallass. Or Zeres, if the Goblins move through the High Passes instead of Liscor. They will attempt to meet the Goblins and force them back to the Human lands in turn—or destroy them where they were.”
He grimaced, imagining how difficult it would be for all the cities to send the required number of soldiers to Pallass in time to repel the Goblins. Zevara just nodded.
“In that case, we can only wait to see what the Humans do. But if they come to Liscor, I’ll make sure the Goblin Lord’s army turns the waters red. I’m going to check our ammunition stores and recheck the status of the enchantments on our walls. Wall Lord Ilvriss has agreed to communicate with the other cities and Wing Commander Embria will do an inspection of our walls for weak points, if any. Is there anything else we should be doing?”
Olesm shook his head.
“No, I’ll ah, continue monitoring the progress of the Humans. I will of course report to you all when I have any information—”
He got up, trying to gather all the reports. Zevara nodded and turned. Embria was already striding out of the room. Ilvriss slid his report to Olesm. The older Drake sighed.
“Another damn complication. It seems like every other week a disaster strikes Liscor. I should have known this one was coming; trust a Human to make our lives difficult.”
“Yes sir.”
Olesm couldn’t argue with that. The enmity between Drakes and Humans was usually nothing pleasant, but he’d grown used to Humans, living so close to their lands in Liscor. But this Tyrion Veltras was known for his anti-Drake stance and he’d personally fought against Liscor in the annual battles in the Blood Fields many times. If anyone could be considered an enemy among the Humans, it was him. Ilvriss sighed as he put his claws behind his back and faced the rain-spattered windows.
“I think Watch Captain Zevara is overstating the danger. The Goblins may pass by our walls, but they’ll be no threat. For once, Liscor may relax.”
Our walls. Olesm noted the words, but all he did was nod.
“Yes, Wall Lord. But I thought I should bring it up given the situation.”
“Oh, of course. We must be informed at all times. You do your job with commendable attention, Swifttail.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Ilvriss smiled fondly at Olesm, as an uncle would to a nephew. Rather like how Olesm’s uncle Lism would puff up with pride, come to that. It wasn’t a favorable comparison. The Wall Lord frowned suddenly as Olesm was rolling his map up securely.
“That reminds me. Young Olesm, I know you’re an acquaintance of Miss Shivertail. Would you pass the results of the lottery to her or Guildmistress Tekshia in person? I would send a Street Runner, but I wouldn’t put it past some adventurers to waylay any messenger in hopes of altering the results.”
Olesm jumped. He stared as Ilvriss pulled out a folded bit of parchment and proffered it to the [Strategist]. Olesm took it nervously.
“Oh—the lottery’s finished?”
“It was decided by random lots yesterday. Fairly. Most of the teams acquired some manner of magical artifact or other and the rest will receive adequate gold as compensation. As will Liscor. Please inform the adventurers that they may begin picking up their shares here. In an orderly fashion.”
Ilvriss sighed as if he was already anticipating angry mobs. Olesm nodded.
“I’ll give it to Selys at once, sir.”
“Thank you, Swifttail. Now, I must inform Salazsar. Excuse me.”
