5.53
Page 5
“Good Skill. Powerful. Like Silver-rank spell. Tier 3.”
Shorthilt shook his head. He nodded at Numbtongue who nodded back. Badarrow folded his arms and grunted moodily. Rabbiteater grinned.
“Powerful! Can do again? Many times?”
“No!”
All the Hobs reacted when Rabbiteater pointed to the guitar. Numbtongue shook his head.
“It takes a while to work. The Skill is not…convenient. But I think I can do it again. It’s probably stronger on cloudy days.”
The Goblins glanced towards the cave entrance. The rainclouds that haunted Liscor were still pouring. It was definitely a phenomenon of the weather; in their cave outside of Liscor they often got showers, but only in the floodplains were the rains ever-present. Headscratcher nodded.
“Is good. Skill good. Could hurt Gargoyles with lightning.”
“Mm.”
The other Hobs nodded. That would be useful. Shorthilt looked around in his seat at the watching Goblins.
“Gargoyles tough. But new not-tribes strong. Maybe enough to fight in High Passes?”
The other Redfang Warriors considered the question. They glanced at their factions, assessing. Of course, they were all regular Goblins and thus a lot weaker than a tribe with Hobs, but Numbtongue thought that was a temporary situation at best. Recently, several Cave Goblins in his faction had begun eating far more than the others. And some were getting…big.
“My warriors strong. Could beat regular Goblins in fight.”
Headscratcher nodded decisively. Shorthilt raised his brows.
“Good. My group could kill Eater Goats. Maybe.”
The two Hobs stared at each other appraisingly. Badarrow rolled his eyes.
“Going to High Passes?”
He interrupted the beginning of an argument. Both Hobs quieted down. At last, Headscratcher shook his head.
“Good food here. Nice…place.”
The other Hobs nodded in agreement. This was a nice place. And yet—what came next? They’d agreed on the essentials. Their Goblins were getting stronger. Numbtongue being able to call down lightning however sporadically was good. But what came next?
“Fight in dungeon? Hunt down hiding Raskghar? Eat fish? Train?”
Rabbiteater counted down their options. The Hobs nodded. Each option sounded good. And yet they knew that these were all transitory activities. Numbtongue was the one to say it.
“When the rains stop, what will we do next? We’re in the middle of the road and close to the city. And Erin cannot feed us forever.”
The other four looked at him with expressions of resignation and dismay. Numbtongue felt guilty himself. Why did he have to say it?
None of them wanted to think about what would happen soon. They knew this wasn’t sustainable; despite Rabbiteater’s faction constantly fishing and Badarrow’s group bringing in food (and Headscratcher occasionally killing something while on his runs), Erin was essentially paying to feed all the Goblins. She was constantly bringing in bags of flour, produce, and so on  through her magic door. And while she claimed she was ‘good for it’ thanks to the bounty Ilvriss had paid out, Numbtongue was aware of how much she had to be spending per day.
“It’s a lot of money.”
He hunched his shoulders. Headscratcher nodded slowly. He looked towards the far end of the cave. There, propped up against the wall, was the door. While the Cave Goblins had placed bedrolls and supplies practically everywhere else, the spot around the door was kept clean and no one was allowed to sleep there. It was like a shrine, although the Goblins had no understanding of what a shrine was. But they venerated the spot nonetheless because of where it led.
“Can find more shiny metal in dungeon. Probably.”
