5.53
Page 8
After a few minutes of chatting both Erin and Numbtongue simultaneously realized they had company. Goblin and Human turned to look at Pawn, who was silently standing behind the bar. Listening to them.
“Uh, hi Pawn. Is something wrong?”
The Worker shook his head. He glanced sideways at Numbtongue.
“No, I am just standing here, Erin. Listening. Please continue.”
Erin wavered. She looked at Pawn and then at Numbtongue.
“Well—okay. But I’m sort of talking to Numbtongue here. It’s not anything secret but—I’ll come over to talk with you guys soon, okay?”
Pawn nodded. He didn’t budge. Erin looked at him.
“Pawn?”
The Worker folded all four of his arms.
“What? I am standing here. I would not wish to take away time from Numbtongue. So I will simply stand and listen here until you have time to join us. Please ignore my presence.”
Erin and Numbtongue exchanged a slow glance.
“Do you want to speak with Lyonette, Pawn?”
The Antinium shook his head.
“She is busy. And I have spoken to her already yesterday. I am perfectly content not speaking with Lyonette. I will just wait here until you are done, please.”
His tone was surprisingly hostile. Numbtongue eyed Pawn warily. He’d never really talked to the Antinium, and the Worker was giving him a long look. Erin narrowed her eyes as she looked from Pawn to Numbtongue. And then, suddenly, she blinked.
“Are you…jealous, Pawn?”
“…Maybe.”
The Worker shuffled his feet. Erin gaped at him, and then laughed.
“Why? I’m only talking with Numbtongue!”
Pawn looked down at his feet.
“Yes. But you talk with the Goblins often. And sometimes it feels as though you speak more with them than with us. Statistically, you spend 271.08% more time with Goblin individuals as a whole than with Antinium.”
“That’s because I talk to the Hobs when they come over, Pawn. And you always bring a crowd. Your statistics are a lie!”
Erin threw up her hands, visibly amused and bemused at the same time. She looked helplessly at Numbtongue.
“I didn’t know the Antinium resented me talking with you guys. Pawn, why didn’t you say anything? And why are you jealous? It’s not like I don’t spend lots of time with you all!”
The Worker looked embarrassed. He muttered as he looked down at the floor.
“It is just that we were the only species you spent time with before they came. Now there are Goblins and we wonder which group you like more. Evidence points to the Goblins being the preferred group.”
“What evidence?”
“…Circumstantial evidence? You give them beers.”
“That’s because it’s made of wheat! For the love of—come on, Numbtongue, Pawn. We’re going to settle this right now.”
Erin marched the two over to the table with the Soldiers and sat them down. Numbtongue suddenly found himself staring at a bunch of very large Soldiers who were silently eating from their bowls. The largest of them, Yellow Splatters, stared silently at Numbtongue. The Hob had the distinct impression he was being seized up and immediately did the same. He didn’t like what his brain told him.
“Okay, we’re all sitting together now. Goblins and Antinium, see? No one’s being left out.”
Erin sighed as she looked from impassive face to face. Pawn sat in his chair, defiantly sipping from his bowl of soup. The Worker shook his head as he stared at Numbtongue. He had no eyelids, but his look was definitely a glare.
“I don’t think we’re alike. There is very little to support your claims, Miss Erin.”
“Come on, Pawn…at least try.”
The Worker hunched his shoulders at the reprimand in Erin’s voice. At last, he opened his mandibles grudgingly.
“We play chess. Do you play chess?”
