5.53
Page 13
Greybeard explained as he refilled his bowl. He pointed at the soup, still agog.
“Good food! You make?”
The Redfangs exchanged a quick glance. Numbtongue lied for them.
“Yes.”
It was too hard to explain Erin to another Goblin. Greybeard didn’t seem to notice the moment of hesitation.
“Amazing! Good-good food! Best tribe food I ever eat! What is this tribe? Never knew one was here. Thought Flooded Waters tribe was, but Flooded Waters is gone.”
The Redfangs froze at the mention of Rags’ tribe. They exchanged a quick glance. What was their tribe? Numbtongue thought quickly.
 “This is…Wandering Inn tribe. New tribe. Very new. Many Goblins come. From dungeon?”
“From dungeon? Where?”
Greydath listened with opened mouth as the Redfangs gave him an abridged version of events that had led to them taking control. He shook his head.
“Bad not-Gnolls? Big dungeon full of invisible-death? Too much for old Hob like me. But young Hobs very strong! Very strong!”
He patted Rabbiteater on the shoulder, pointing at the Hob’s cloak which had transformed into a cloudy soup-cloak. Only, there weren’t any vegetables or chunks of fish in the cloak, just somewhat opaque broth. Some of the Cave Goblins were dipping their bowls into it even so. Rabbiteater preened a bit. Numbtongue rolled his eyes. He offered Greybeard the last of the garlic bread.
“Old one, eat more. We have lots. You give cheese, we feed. Where are you going? Travelling south? Much rain and water to swim through. Dangerous fish-monsters too.”
Greybeard accepted the bread gratefully. He tore into it with his good teeth as he replied.
“Maybe go south. Maybe. Not stay long and eat tribe’s food. Very generous, but not stay. Not unless…Chieftain needs old Hobs? Can fight.”
He glanced at Headscratcher quizzically, hope illuminating his craggy features. Headscratcher hesitated. This time he replied awkwardly.
“Old one is wrong. I not Chieftain. Wandering Inn tribe…have no Chieftain.”
The other Redfangs looked at Headscratcher. He could have accepted the role and they wouldn’t have denied it. But Headscratcher clearly felt as they did. They had no Chieftain, and this wasn’t a tribe. Unless…was Erin…?
The old Hob choked on his garlic bread in surprise. He coughed and spat out a hunk onto a Cave Goblin, who promptly ate it.
“No Chieftain? How so many Goblins, then? All should run off!”
The Hobs shrugged. That was the mystery, wasn’t it? By all rights they should have created a Chieftain or disbanded. But perhaps it was the Cave Goblins being used to multiple Raskghar masters that had kept them functioning as a tribe without a Chieftain.
“Don’t know. But tribe is good. Has good food. And getting stronger. If you want to stay…could stay? At least few days.”
Numbtongue looked at the others for support. It was a risk, but the old Hob seemed friendly and he looked battle-scarred and tired from the road. The other Redfangs nodded, albeit a bit hesitantly. Badarrow glanced towards the door and raised his eyebrows at Numbtongue.
What about Erin? What about the inn?
Numbtongue made a face, taking care not to let Greybeard see. He flicked his claws towards the cave’s entrance.
We can keep him in another cave, not show him Erin. 
Then he shrugged.
Or show her. 
She would probably like the old Hob. Badarrow nodded slowly. Greydath had missed the entire quick exchange. He looked around and then nodded rapidly, beaming eagerness.
“Will stay. Will work hard! I know many tricks. Can teach. Maybe help even strong, young warrior Hobs!”
“Good! Old Hob should sit, though. Is long road. Sit and watch!”
