5.53
Page 26
“It’s Bird! He was hurt! I don’t know what—the bleeding won’t—we used potions and—”
“I see. Soldiers, lift Bird.”
Klbkch raised one of his hands and Erin went quiet. The Soldiers gathered around Bird. They lifted him. One grabbed the bloody bandage, but there was so little blood flowing from Bird. He didn’t respond as Klbkch bent to inspect him. The [Guardsman] stared for what felt like forever at Bird, then he looked up at Erin.
“He has no chance, even if I were to apply a regenerative gel. He has lost too much blood. His only hope lies with my Queen.”
He turned to the Soldiers.
“Run. Take him to her. Clear the Hive.”
His words seemed to ring. The Soldiers didn’t hesitate. They charged down the tunnel, disappearing out of view. Erin wanted to run after them, but Klbkch blocked her with one arm.
“Bird. Will he be okay?”
She wanted Klbkch to say ‘yes’ so badly. But all the Antinium did was shake his head.
“Erin. My Queen is familiar with Antinium biology. If she wishes to save Bird, she will. And I believe she will. She has an…attachment to him.”
“But will she—”
“I do not know. He may live. Or he may not.”
“Can you bring him back? What about the Rite?”
Erin clung to that idea. Klbkch hesitated.
“I do not know. Only Prognugators undergo the Rite, and only the strongest. He must have enough levels and his mind—I do not know, Erin. But tell me.”
The Antinium looked around and his hands moved to his swords.
“Who injured Bird?”
Erin sagged. She felt like someone had cut her strings. Suddenly, she couldn’t breathe. Her legs were on fire. She looked down and saw the green blood on her hands.
“I don’t know. I heard a crash and I—I don’t know what happened.”
“We do.”
A quiet, wretched voice answered for Erin. Klbkch and Erin turned. Numbtongue stood with the Redfang Goblins. He bowed his head. His face was shadowed in the tunnel as he spoke.
“It was a Goblin.”
“A Goblin?”
Erin stared at Numbtongue. She felt the bottom drop out of her world. Klbkch said nothing. He just drew his swords. Erin turned to him, and heard the shouts from above.
“Erin!”
Olesm was on the surface. Thirty of the City Watch surrounded the tunnel. Erin saw the Redfangs emerge into the sunlight and freeze. More [Guardspeople] arrived, training bows and spears on the Hobs. Olesm stood behind the first rank. His face was pale.
“Olesm—it was Bird—”
The [Strategist] turned as Erin lurched towards him. He held still as Erin tried to make him listen. At last, he nodded. She didn’t know what she’d said, but Olesm gently held her.
“Erin, I understand. Senior Guardsman Klbkch—”
He motioned to Klbkch. Erin turned and saw the Antinium had drawn his swords. The Redfang Goblins stood together, staring at her, staring at the ground or the sky. Erin caught her breath.
“What—”
“It’s not just the Goblin, Erin. I’m calling a full city-wide alarm.”
Olesm looked at Erin with terrible pain in his eyes. She looked at him and only now heard the horns blaring a warning. Far too many horns for just six Goblins. She looked around and saw Gnolls and Drakes looking upwards. Olesm stared at Erin. He spoke slowly and carefully, enunciating every word.
“The Goblin Lord is coming to Liscor. He’ll attack the walls. The Humans…the Humans are going to give him a way to attack our city.”
“What? Olesm, I don’t—”
He went on, slowly.
“As [Strategist] of Liscor, I have no choice. Under military law I am confiscating your door, Miss Solstice. A detachment of the Watch will be sent to collect it. As for the Goblins, I cannot risk them endangering the city. We will find this Hob and kill it. As for these five—”
