5.54
Page 6
Her image flickered. The mirror brightened. Another Queen sat in the light. She was huge, the largest of the Queens, her body bloated. A ring of steel stood around her, Antinium covered in metal armor. Tersk stood by his Queen’s side as she waved a Feeler.
“The Armored Antinium assent. What strengthens the Hives is worthy of being saved. Preserve the Worker.”
Another flicker. She vanished and a third Queen appeared. Her room was filled with motion; Antinium with wings flew or ran. This Queen sat in the center of her Hive, as corridors and tunnels filled her cavern and her Workers and Soldiers moved in a constant stream. She twitched as Pivr, her winged Revalantor, brought her a bowl of meat to eat from. Her voice was quick, impatient.
“If it must be, it must be. Save the Worker but hurry. The Hive must discuss and the moment is now. Twisted Queen?”
The last Queen appeared in the mirror. And she was unlike the others. A ruined face and one eye stared at Klbkch and the Free Queen. Repaired mandibles opened. A voice spoke. The glowing sacs and bodies floating in liquid in the chamber around the Queen moved uneasily, unaccustomed to sound or light.
“Agreed.”
One word, and her image flickered and changed back to the Grand Queen. The large Queen was clearly displeased, but the others had spoken. She waved a feeler.
“Then it is decided. Save the Worker. Queen of the Silent Antinium, I call upon you.”
The body holding the mirror jerked. And then it’s mannerisms changed. The mirror shifted as it crept closer, suddenly less decisive, more reserved. The Drones moved back as one as the puppet moved forwards. The Silent Queen stared out of her mirror down at Bird. He looked up at her and whispered.
“Hello. I am Bird.”
She ignored him. The Silent Queen made the small replica lower the mirror so she could inspect the wound. She spoke, choosing each word with care.
“His system is severed. The liquid leaks. It must be redirected.”
“I know. But the damage is too great to contain. Each seal I form cannot contain the blood. If I had false flesh or chitin—”
The Free Queen’s voice was frustrated, and she felt helpless in Klbkch’s mind. The Silent Queen regarded Bird and then looked around the room.
“Not necessary. Apply a gel of congealed blood-fluid here and here. Increase the ambient temperature by three degrees. This Worker’s body temperature is dropping too quickly.”
The Free Queen immediately sent Drones to obey. The Silent Queen abandoned Bird and moved towards the blood sacs.
“These are containers preserved for blood? Parts?”
“Yes.”
The Free Queen spoke. The mirror flickered.
“You were not allowed to create other Antinium! This is unacceptable! A violation of orders! This—”
The image flickered back to the shadowed Queen. She inspected the living sacs of organs and then pointed with one feeler.
“There. That is necessary. Splice that organ with the Worker’s injuries.”
The Free Queen’s antennae waved with surprise.
“Would that work?”
The little vessel and the Silent Queen in the mirror nodded as one.
“The Worker design was created uniformly. With flesh and chitin, a seal may be created.”
She looked up at the Free Queen. For a moment the Queen of the Free Antinium hesitated, then she moved. She reached out and gripped the sac. She tore the membrane. Antinium blood splattered. Something died. The Drones swarmed over the sac, cutting with knives. The Silent Queen crept back to Bird and oversaw the treatment.
