5.54
Page 0

Erin stared at Numbtongue. The Hob wore a pair of steel cuffs that had just been placed on his wrists by a Gnoll [Guardsman]. The Hob looked at her, and then at the ground. He was wet, sweaty, and looked…beaten. So did the other Hobs. What had happened? Green blood still dripped from Headscratcher’s hands where he had held the bandages against Bird’s side.
They were under arrest. Olesm had ordered it. Erin turned to the [Strategist].
“You can’t do it. It’s wrong.”
“I can and I have to, Erin. Liscor is in danger. Senior Guardsman Klbkch!”
The Antinium had sheathed his swords. He was standing at the entrance to the Hive with the Soldiers. He turned.
“I am in my position as Revalantor of the Free Antinium, Strategist Olesm. My Queen rages. She demands the death of whomever injured Bird. As we speak she struggles to save his life.”
Olesm nodded.
“I understand. I will send the Watch to patrol the waters in full force. But there is a situation. The Goblin Lord is coming here. Liscor will soon be under siege. By both the Goblin Lord and Humans.”
“Wait, what?”
Erin exclaimed, but neither Olesm nor Klbkch looked at her. The Antinium Revalantor went still for a second.
“Explain.”
“I don’t have the time. Watch Captain Zevara has the details. I have to contact Pallass. Now.”
“I see.”
Klbkch didn’t waste time asking further questions. He turned and the Soldiers retreated into the Hive. Then Klbkch strode down the street. Leaving Erin, the Hobgoblins, and Olesm behind.
“Olesm, what’s this about the Goblin Lord? I thought he was defeated! On the run!”
Erin stared at Olesm. The [Strategist] passed a claw over his eyes.
“I don’t—I don’t have the time to tell you, Erin! I need your door, now. Guardsmen! Arrest the Hobs and put them in separate cells!”
He turned. Erin ran around Olesm and blocked his way.
“No! Olesm, the Redfangs did nothing wrong! They came here because of Bird!”
“I know!”
Olesm shouted at Erin. She stepped backwards. The Drake glared at her.
“I know! But the Goblin Lord’s army is about to sweep down on Liscor, a mysterious Hob just destroyed part of your inn and nearly killed Bird, and there are hundreds of Cave Goblins living in the dungeon! I do not want those five causing an incident! And if I send out the Watch with orders to find and kill a Hob, they will find and kill Hobs. This is for their good, Erin! Don’t argue; just let me do my job!”
He tried to push Erin aside. But she folded her arms.
“No.”
This time Olesm nearly hissed at her. But Erin wasn’t looking at him. She was looking at the Hobs. Her friends. Employees and…they’d done nothing wrong. Nothing. She knew that. Olesm knew that. But still Numbtongue was in cuffs. Erin closed her eyes. Then she looked at her friend, the Drake with light blue scales. Olesm. And she clenched her fist slowly and spoke.
“You’re right, Olesm. But you’re wrong. You can’t arrest them. I won’t let you.”
Olesm sighed. His shoulders drooped and his tail curled up at the tip. He shook his head.
“You don’t have a choice, Erin. I’m sorry.”
“Me too.”
Erin saw Olesm’s head raise. He blinked as she punched him. The [Strategist] staggered back and cried out in pain but he didn’t drop. So Erin kicked him in the stomach. She whirled and the Gnoll [Guardsman] raised his paws.
“[Minotaur Punch]!”
He tried to block her, but Erin’s fist punched right through the Gnoll’s guard and knocked him flat. The other [Guards] stared at Erin. So did the Redfangs. Erin turned and shouted at them.
“Run for it, guys!”
