5.54 (Non-Canon)
Page 8
Fissival to Oteslia. Pallass is considering a logical response. This is not the same as the Face-Eater Moth incident. This is an invading army several hundred thousand strong. The Walled Cities must stand. But other cities, even ones as important as Liscor, are expendable as the circumstances dictate.
Salazsar. This is unacceptable. Liscor must not be allowed to fall. Pallass must send reinforcements immediately!
Oteslia agrees.
Salazsar to Pallass. Does Pallass acknowledge?
Salazsar. Well?
Pallass. Standby.
Manus. Standby.
Zeres. Standby.
Fissival. Standby.
 
—-
 
“What’s going on? Senior Guardsman Jeiss, why hasn’t the door been moved out of the inn?”
Olesm arrived at The Wandering Inn panting and out of breath. Klbkch was currently with Zevara, being appraised of the situation while Ilvriss kept repeating the alarm to the other Drake cities. Olesm was sure that there were hundreds of [Message] spells directed to him that he had to respond to, but he’d come to The Wandering Inn first.
Wing Commander Embria turned, glaring, and Olesm saw a group of her soldiers milling about with the City Watch on the hill outside of The Wandering Inn. Olesm glared balefully at the [Soldiers]—had they caused this? Then he tried to catch his breath.
He’d had to climb up to the battlements, climb down the ladder and then run across the water bridge to reach the inn without the magic door. He’d forgotten how far it was that way! Olesm glared at Jeiss, who saluted him guiltily.
“Sorry, sir. We were going to remove the door, but we ran into…complications.”
“Such as?”
The Drake looked miserable and his partner, Beilmark, hunched her shoulders.
“One of the employees, refuses to give up the door. She claims Liscor has no authority to remove the door from the inn.”
“Who? Lyonette? Then arrest her!”
Olesm had no time for niceties. The two Senior Guardsmen exchanged a glance.
“Uh, we tried, sir. But then both adventuring teams objected. As did half the guests in the inn.”
“The Halfseekers and the Horns?”
They nodded miserably. Olesm nearly tore his neck spines out.
“Then arrest—”
He paused as he eyed the two dozen or so [Guardsmen] and imagined them trying to arrest Moore. Just Moore, by himself. Olesm paused.
“Okay. I’ll talk to them. Why are Embria’s [Soldiers] here?”
“Sir!”
One of the Drakes stepped forwards and saluted smartly. Olesm remembered to return the salute after a second. The Drake looked like a [Captain].
“Wing Commander Embria came by to secure the door and request formal assistance from Pallass, sir!”
“And why didn’t she move the door to Liscor?”
Olesm’s tail thrashed angrily, but the [Captain] didn’t waver. He looked past Olesm’s head as he spoke.
“Our [Mage Captain] agrees that this inn is the best location for mass-transit! The inn is a natural power source.”
“Yes, but—”
The [Strategist] closed his mouth. He did know that Erin’s inn had a lot of magical power thanks to its Skill. But it was risky leaving the door there! Still…if it meant avoiding a fight…he gritted his teeth.
“Very well. Senior Guardsman Jeiss, Senior Guardswoman Beilmark?”
“Strategist Olesm?”
“Secure this spot. I want a group of the City Watch posted here—inside the inn—at all times. No one touches that door. And—ancestors, what did that?”
Olesm had just spotted the destroyed tower on the roof of the inn. He stared at the spot until he remembered. Bird. He looked around.
“Put someone on the roof of the inn and make sure we’re clear. In fact, get Relc over here now.”
“Yes sir!”
The two Senior Guardsmen saluted, looking relieved. The [Captain] wasn’t so happy.
