5.54 (Non-Canon)
Page 3
“Hah! You’re pretty smart.”
Relc gave him a toothy grin. He bent to collect the bow and quiver. Badarrow twitched as if he’d like to kick Relc in the face and run, but he was indeed intelligent enough to know what would happen if he did. Hob or not, he wasn’t a match for Relc, and both Goblin and Drake knew it.
It was true that Relc was a [Guardsman]. But he’d been a [Spearmaster] back in the army and a [Sergeant] as well. A high-level one. He could fight Gold-rank adventurers with just his spear and win. Sometimes. For all the Redfang Warriors were strong, they weren’t that strong.
“Hey, I got one!”
Relc sauntered back to Olesm and a few of the City Watch. They stared at him as Badarrow trooped over, scowling. Relc indicated the Hob.
“Anyone got a pair of cuffs? I uh, forgot mine back at the barracks.”
Some of the guards groaned, but a young Drake with cuffs came over to shackle Badarrow, hand and foot. Relc looked over and saw that Erin was sitting on the ground. Her cheek was scuffed up and she had cuffs on her hands.
“Uh, hi Erin.”
“Hi Relc.”
“Saw you punch Olesm. Nice hit! Stupid idea, though.”
“Yeah.”
Erin breathed out heavily. She looked at Badarrow as the Hob sat next to her. Relc shifted uncomfortably.
“So…what’s this all about?”
“Relc!”
The Drake turned. Olesm glared at him. His eye was already getting puffy, but the [Strategist] seemed on edge for different reasons. He pointed in the direction one of the other Hobs had run.
“Go after the Goblins!”
“Aw, do I have to? Jeiss and Beilmark can catch them.”
“Don’t argue! Do it!”
Relc glared, but then he sighed and jogged off. Olesm glared after him and then turned. Erin stared up at him. The Drake met her eyes and then looked away. He stood, barking orders while Erin sat on the ground. Badarrow grumbled and tested the iron manacles, pulling at them until someone raised a spear. Then he just sat.
Slowly, the City Watch returned, with prisoners in tow. Erin’s heart sank as she saw Relc come back, and the collection of Hobs sitting in chains grew.
One, three, four…Headscratcher, Rabbiteater, and Shorthilt joined Badarrow, all three having been subdued and manacled hand and foot. Headscratcher’s nose was bleeding and Shorthilt had several long scratches on his arm which were dripping a bit of blood. Olesm looked at Jeiss.
“Did they give you trouble, Senior Guardsman?”
The Drake saluted.
“No sir. They tried to knock us down but they didn’t draw steel, sir. But the fifth Hob, the one we already shackled—he uh, made it out.”
“What?”
Olesm’s eyes widened. He turned and glared at Relc, who’d come back with Shorthilt in tow. The Drake raised his claws.
“Hey, don’t blame me! I got this one! Had to tackle him before he got to Erin’s magic door.”
He pointed at Shorthilt. The Hob glared at Relc. Beilmark nodded apologetically as she explained.
“The fifth one—he ran down the streets shouting about a Raskghar attack. In the panic we couldn’t catch up to him and then he ran up to the battlements and jumped off.”
“Clever Numbtongue.”
Erin murmured to herself. Olesm glanced down at her and made a frustrated sound.
“That’s—keep an eye out for him! Don’t shoot him, but if he appears in the inn or the city—just keep an eye out! As for these four…”
He turned and looked grimly at Erin and the Hobs.
“Take them to prison and put them in separate cells.”
“The Hobs?”
Relc raised his brows. Olesm shook his head.
“All of them. The Hobs…and the Human.”
He didn’t look at Erin. Relc whistled slowly. Some of the City Watch blinked. But Olesm was already turning to Beilmark.
