5.54 (Non-Canon)
Page 4
“I want a patrol to secure The Wandering Inn. Senior Guardsmen and our best fighters. Take at least two mages! Get them to open the door to Pallass and tell them I want Watch Captain Venim now. Pallass is already aware of what’s going on. Move!”
Beilmark nodded and ran with Jeiss down the street. Relc watched them go, blinking. Something was going on. He just didn’t know what. He looked awkwardly down at the Human sitting on the ground.
“Hey Erin. Sorry about this. You’re going to jail.”
“Aw.”
Erin sighed. She stood up slowly and gave Relc an imploring look.
“Relc…”
“Sorry. Just doing my job. Don’t try to punch me because I’d have to hit you. Hold on, we have to check you for weapons. Hey, rookies, one of you get over and check Erin!”
Relc carefully turned Erin about as a female Gnoll came over. He spoke reassuringly as the other Hobs stood and were divested of their weapons too.
“Don’t worry. This is just to make sure you don’t stab each other in jail or something. And it’s not that bad! We don’t have rats or anything and you get fed…something. You’ll probably only be there the night.”
“And the Redfangs? And Bird? Relc, can you check on Bird? We took him to the Hive. He was hurt—bad! Klbkch brought him to the Queen.”
Relc’s eyes widened.
“That must be bad. Old Klb never bothers his Queen unless—what happened? And where’d Klb go?”
“Back into the Hive. I think—oh, Relc. It was awful. Bird was—”
“Senior Guardsman Relc!”
The Drake stiffened. Olesm was glaring at him.
“Escort the prisoners to the cells and report to the barracks without delay. Don’t waste time talking.”
“Yes, sir.”
Relc saluted smartly. He gave Olesm a toothy grin. And if Relc had said or done what he was thinking, the [Strategist] would have two black eyes. Because, fair play to Olesm, Goblins were a threat. But Erin wasn’t. She’d done more for Liscor than most Senior Guardsman had over their careers. And if Relc had learned one thing, it was that if Erin was on one side and you were on the other, you were probably on the wrong side.
They needed her. But she had struck a [Strategist] and directly aided in the escape of monsters from the Watch. So there was no choice, was there? Relc sighed. He didn’t want to do this—
“Come on, Erin. We’ll get you to a nice cell.”
He began to steer Erin away. And then he heard it. A faint sound, like a rapid set of drums. Relc paused. He raised a claw and the other guards urging the Hobs along stopped obediently.
“Hold on, what’s that? Anyone hear something?”
Relc turned his head and frowned at the entrance to the Antinium Hive. Olesm turned back, clearly annoyed.
“Senior Guardsman—”
“Shut up, Olesm.”
Relc stared at the Hive. He heard an outraged sound, but he didn’t care. Slowly, Relc backed away from the entrance to the Hive, tugging Erin out of the way. The drumming sound was louder now. The City Watch eyed the entrance to the Hive as well. And then the first Soldier charged out of the Hive.
“Soldier!”
Relc saw the massive Antinium run out of the Hive’s dirt entrance. The Antinium was as tall as Relc and even bulkier. His four arms were raised and he stopped abruptly in front of the surprised Drakes and Gnolls, looking around. Relc’s heart began to race. He pulled Erin back as more Soldiers charged out behind the first.
“What the—”
Olesm was staring incredulously. But Relc’s instincts took over. He looked around and shouted a warning.
“Oh shit. Back up, boys. They’re not playing around!”
