5.54 (Non-Canon)
Page 0

(Important: I have REWRITTEN this chapter as this one was not the one I intended to write. It will be released as the next regular chapter. If you would like to read this chapter, feel free, but know that it may spoil some of the events of the actual 5.54 and not all of the events contained within are canonical. I does have some good parts, though. Somewhere.)
 
The problem with Liscor was that no one asked Relc for his opinion before doing things. That was the sum of Liscor’s issues. That, and nothing else. Okay, maybe the dungeon. And Rock Crabs. And the rain. And other stuff. But a lot of it could be improved if they asked Relc about what he thought about all this!
No one did. Not Captain Zevara, or Olesm, or even Embria. Which was why Relc had to volunteer his thoughts. It was a public service. The Drake strolled down the road, twirling his spear and following a group of [Guardspeople] who’d been called to deal with some emergency or other. About Goblins? Relc hadn’t been paying attention when he’d heard the warning go out.
“I just think it’s unfair, you know? All I’m saying is that we deserve free food now and then!”
Ahead of him, a pair of Senior Guardsmen groaned. They were a Drake and Gnoll, a classic team up. Like Relc they had become Senior Guardsmen by merit of their high levels and talent. Unlike Relc, their talents involved more than hitting things on the head. They were well-respected, did their jobs efficiently, and both had happy families. Relc hated their tails sometimes.
“Everyone gets hungry. Everyone needs food. I’m not the only [Guardsman] to eat while I’m on duty, and everyone gets a free meal sometimes! Even Klbkch! So why am I the only one who gets chewed out by Captain Z for it? I’m peckish! Is that so wrong?”
The Gnoll sighed loudly.
“It’s not wrong, Relc.”
“Exactly!”
“—It’s just wrong when you keep hinting that you’d like something to eat. There’s a difference between a gift and a bribe. You know that.”
“Right, I want a gift.”
“But it’s not a gift if—Jeiss, do you want to say anything?”
The Drake looked at his partner and shook his head.
“Why are you arguing with Relc? Just ignore him. He knows what he did wrong. Come on, we have to get to this incident on time.”
The Drake swished his tail dismissively and picked up the pace. Relc debated tripping him up with his spear, but he decided against it.
“Hey! It’s a legitimate problem that—okay, what about all the adventurers, huh? Why do we have to get called in every time they start a brawl, even when we’re off-duty? And by we, I mean me. Why am I never given a break?”
“Because you’re the only one who can brawl with Gold-ranks, idiot.”
“Yeah, but then why don’t I get vacation days each time I’m called in? I was on my break yesterday!”
The Gnoll, whose name was Beilmark shot Relc a disbelieving glance.
“You were called in for an emergency at the Adventurer’s Guild for a scuffle, yes? It took less than thirty minutes to sort out and you didn’t file any paperwork! We had to charge and fine the adventurers. You just showed up, broke three tables, and left!”
Relc stared back innocently as he jogged after the pair.
“Exactly. So why didn’t I get thirty minutes off today?”
Beilmark groaned and Jeiss shook his head. The two sped up. Relc ran after them, grumbling under his breath. The [Guardsmen] were following the sound of whistles being blown, telling them they were needed. Relc wasn’t sure what the problem was. Goblins? Had one of Erin’s pet Goblins entered the city? He grunted as he shifted his grip on his spear.
“So, you guys have kids, right?”
