5.54
Page 34
It was one thing to hate Greydath, and Headscratcher did with all his heart. But it was another thing to tell the Drakes everything. To kill the other Goblin, to betray them. And yet, if there was a Goblin worthy of that, it was him.
Greydath. The name meant something, Headscratcher was sure. Greydath could not have been just a Hobgoblin wanderer. He had been someone before; his Skills told that if nothing else. Headscratcher clenched a fist and felt the helpless rage surging in him. He fought it down. If he went mad now he would only scare Erin. He could not break free of the cell.
But the anger wouldn’t go away. Greydath. He had done it. He had ruined everything. The Hobs were in jail. Numbtongue was the only one who was free. Bird was hurt and Erin had cried. She had wiped away the tears and now she was smiling, but every now and then her face would turn sad.
And it was all their fault. Headscratcher closed his eyes. Everything was desolation. But he knew one thing more after having fought Greydath. One valuable thing.
One thing. He clung to that fact. None of the Hobs had said it, but they had all realized it.
Badarrow had hurt Greydath. With an arrow. It hadn’t even been shot from his bow; the Hob had just stabbed him with it. That meant Greydath had no Skills to enhance his skin. He was just…fast. Skilled beyond belief. But his injury meant he could be hurt even by an ordinary sword.
He could die. Headscratcher remembered that, because he would not forgive Greydath. But then he looked up and saw Erin looking at him and his guilt burned him again.
“Sorry.”
He said it again. Erin paused and her smile wavered. She stopped telling her story and sat closer to the bars.
“Hey. What happened to Bird wasn’t your fault, right?”
“Was.”
Headscratcher shook his head. he couldn’t explain. Erin stared at him.
“Did you hurt Bird?”
“No.”
“Did the Goblin who hurt Bird do it because you told him to?”
“No!”
“Did you let him hurt Bird?”
“Tried—”
Headscratcher shook his head. Erin nodded.
“Then it’s not your fault. You tried. He was just…a jerk.”
“But—”
“It’s not your fault what other people do, Headscratcher. It’s not your fault what they do. Only what you do.”
Headscratcher’s eyes stung. Not just because Erin had told him it wasn’t his fault. Not only because he was relieved. He had feared she would blame him. Not only because he wished he could rip open his chest to show her how sorry he was. No, for one other reason.
It’s not your fault for what other people do. She called Goblins people. Headscratcher wiped his eyes, then looked up at Erin. She stared at him, trying to smile.
“We have to go. Can’t stay. Bad things coming. Goblin Lord.”
Erin’s smile vanished. Headscratcher fought with the words Numbtongue had begun teaching him. He wanted to talk to Erin.
“If stay…Drakes mad. We know. Must go. Should—should have—”
“Should have gone already.”
Shorthilt spoke from his cell. Erin looked at him, and then Headscratcher. She shook her head.
“You’re in jail. You can’t go anywhere, guys.”
The Hobs looked at her. Erin’s tremulous smile vanished.
“Sorry. Bad joke.”
She sat there with them in silence. Headscratcher wiped his eyes. At last, Erin spoke.
“It’s all happening so fast.”
No one replied. The Hobs looked down. The Minotaur stared at Erin from his cell. Erin looked at the stone floor. Her voice was quiet. Perhaps the entire prison was listening to her. Perhaps they were alone in the world.
