5.54 (Non-Canon)
Page 7
Zeres. We confirm Liscor’s report.
Oteslia. What is Pallass doing? How many armies and [Generals] can Pallass send to Liscor?
Pallass. The decision to reinforce Liscor has not yet been decided by the Assembly of Crafts. Deliberations are ongoing.
Manus. Deliberations? Pallass must send forces through to Liscor now, or begin marching them north at once!
Fissival. Will Pallass have a force large enough to repel the Humans? Estimates puts their army at 200,000 or more.
Oteslia. We can have a force of half a million converging on Pallass in ten days between all the Walled Cities, not including smaller cities. Oteslia’s armies stand ready.
Zeres. In ten days, the Humans will have Liscor and their own reinforcements marching south. Zeres to Pallass. Can you hold the city if the walls are broken? 
Pallass. Standby.
Oteslia. Ancestors damn it, Pallass! We need to know how many regiments you can send through to Liscor! Can your 1st Army reach Liscor in time? Answer!
Manus. They aren’t responding. They must be weighing the odds.
Fissival. Liscor has a strong City Watch. They can hold the breach, surely.
Oteslia. Against constant bombardments? Perhaps against the Goblin Lord, but not against them and the Humans.
Salazsar. Tyrion Veltras’ army is not merely 200,000 strong. He brought too many elites. Our reports showed an unusually high number of [Knights] and [Lords] and their personal forces in his army. 
Manus. Disguised under the pretense of beating the Goblin Lord. Clever.
Oteslia to Pallass. Well, your response?
Pallass. We are prepared to assist Liscor in every meaningful way possible. Deliberations are ongoing for reinforcement at this moment.
Fissival. Deliberations?
Oteslia. Cowards. Are you being serious?
Pallass. We believe it may be prudent to avoid reinforcement at this moment to assemble a larger force in the event Liscor falls.
Salazar to Pallass. Are you suggesting we allow Liscor to fall?
Pallass. The Assembly of Crafts is debating. Standby.
Oteslia. Are you spineless cowards, you [REDACTED]?
Pallass to Oteslia. Please refrain from unhelpful rhetoric.
Oteslia. [REDACTED].
Zeres. We…agree with Pallass’ assessment. It may be wiser to avoid conflict until we have a force capable of taking Liscor. 
Salazsar. You cannot be serious.
Fissival. We concur. The loss of Liscor is devastating. But the loss of Pallass’ forces would be even more so. If this is a trap, it may be designed to take as many soldiers with it.
Manus. So what should be done?
Zeres. Perhaps it is prudent to discuss contingency plans. In the event of Liscor’s fall.
Oteslia. They’re not fallen yet.
Fissival. Yet. And it could be beneficial in one sense.
Manus to Fissival. Explain.
Fissival. The effort required to defend Liscor from two armies armed with siege weapons would result in a bloodbath on Liscor’s side. On the other hand, the Antinium Hive in Liscor would be bound to aid in its defense…
Zeres. In which case, if Liscor falls there is one less Hive. And if they successfully repel the defenders, the Hive would be weakened.
Oteslia. What about Liscor’s citizens and soldiers?
Manus. Could Pallass even send enough soldiers through that magic door or bring enough forces north in time? Four days to march from Pallass to Liscor would exhaust any army and I doubt they could move more than a few thousand soldiers through per day.
Zeres. Pallass does have a point.
Oteslia. Have you all gone mad?
