5.54
Page 37
“I’m afraid not. You see, my client would prefer that door stay here. She sent me here to make sure that it did, and to aid Liscor in any small way I could. Oh, and also to investigate these ‘plays’ she’s heard about. She’s quite taken with the idea.”
“I can well imagine. I don’t suppose you’d care to tell me who hired you?”
The [Magician] waved a finger.
“Ah, you know the rules. Let’s just say a [Lady] with a fine taste in horticulture hired me.”
Typhenous raised his eyebrows.
“Indeed? That is quite the important employer. Myself, I was hired by the Smiling Man.”
Eltistiman’s lips quirked.
“Oh, him? Well, I can’t imagine he was pleased by today’s events. Still, he’d be quite pleased if you completed your mission. Which you will not, by the way. Cast a spell and I will kill you. Throw your staff down, sir.”
Typhenous eyed Eltistiman. The [Magician] hadn’t even raised his wand. For a second the air hummed, and then Typhenous sighed. He slowly lowered his staff. He tossed it to the ground. Eltistiman, who’d tensed, nodded.
“Thank you, sir. And now, move to the side and retrieve a pair of cuffs from that Gnoll there. The one with the stripes on her ears. She has a pair of cuffs for magic users.”
“Well thought out, aren’t you?”
Typhenous grumbled as he slowly walked over, deliberately not making any sudden moves. Eltistiman was still watching him. He slowly bent and searched for the cuffs. Eltistiman nodded.
“It does pay to be prepared and I had an inkling my opponent was you. Those in the business, you know.”
“Yes, yes.”
“What I can’t understand was why you would do this. Surely you owe the charming young lady who owns this inn more than betrayal.”
Typhenous looked up sharply. He stared coldly up at Eltistiman.
“I owe Erin Solstice a great deal, young man. And I do not forget my debts.”
The [Magician] frowned. He lifted his wand warily, but Typhenous made no move.
“Why, then?”
The old Gold-rank adventurer sighed. He bent and looked around the Gnoll’s waists and finally found the cuffs.
“Simple. For money and the favors I am owed for doing this, of course. I owe Erin Solstice a great deal, but I owe my team more. You know why?”
“Naturally.”
“Just so.”
Typhenous untangled the cuffs. He smiled at Eltistiman.
“I caused a great deal of trouble for my team. And they didn’t abandon me. I owe them a lot. This will be my last team, I think. And I’d like to repay them. And—one more thing.”
“What’s that? Put the cuffs on, by the way. I’m not falling for a trick if you fake putting them on or throw them at me.”
The old [Mage] sighed as he opened the cuffs.
“Perish the thought. The reason is that if I failed, the Smiling Man and…others would not stop with just me. You know that. They’d send [Assassins] next.”
“True. But my employer has a way with [Assassins]. As do I.”
“I suppose so. You wouldn’t care to let me go, by any chance?”
Eltistiman raised his wand for the first time.
“Not a chance. Cuffs on, now.”
He stared at Typhenous. The [Mage] put one hand through the cuffs, but Eltistiman was on alert now. Typhenous was moving slowly. Something was up. But he could blast Typhenous in a second. The [Magician]’s eyes flicked around the room. The basement? No. Typhenous? It would be suicide unless he had a ring that could block a spell. Was it the staircase? The door?
