5.54 (Non-Canon)
Page 9
“Sir, we’re more than capable of holding this position. Wing Commander Embria—”
Olesm glared at him.
“Someone nearly killed the Antinium standing guard here, [Captain]. A Hobgoblin, apparently. And this inn attracts trouble like a rotting corpse attracts acid flies. If you want to assist the Watch, keep your earholes open. Now, where is Wing Commander Embria?”
“Inside, sir.”
“Good.”
The Drake stomped into the inn. He took one look around and saw the reason why none of the [Soldiers] or the [Guardsmen] had dared enter the inn. His name was Moore and he was holding a big staff threateningly over Olesm’s head. The Drake gulped.
“Oh, it’s just you, Olesm.”
Moore lowered the staff and stepped back. Olesm edged back from him and looked around. Both the Halfseekers and the Horns of Hammerad were seated close to the entrance. Ceria smiled and waved at Olesm.
“Olesm! You’re here! Can you help us sort this out? A patrol of your guys tried to take Erin’s door!”
“Yes! They were supposed to!”
“What?”
The adventurers blinked in shock. Olesm glared at them.
“This is an emergency! We need that door—oh Ancestors damn it, never mind! It can stay! But move out of the way!”
He strode over to the magic door. Embria was standing in front of it, arguing with someone on the other side while Lyonette scowled at her a few feet away. The [Barmaid] looked up and hurried over to Olesm.
“Olesm! Where’s Erin? Is Bird okay? Where are the Goblins? These [Guardsmen] tried to take the door away—”
“I know, I know! I ordered them to! I need to speak with Embria and Pallass! This is an emergency!”
Olesm growled at Lyonette. He approached the door and stopped. Embria was snapping at someone on the other side and now Olesm could see a Drake [Soldier] dressed in Pallass’ yellow-and-white armor.
“I want to speak with Watch Captain Venim! Where is he? This is a national emergency! I am Wing Commander Embria and I demand—”
The Drake was shaking his head as Embria bellowed at him. Olesm brushed Lyonette away and stepped forwards.
“Wing Commander Embria! What’s going on?”
“Olesm!”
Embria turned. She glared at the [Soldier] in front of her.
“I’ve been trying to speak with someone in authority in Pallass for nearly twenty minutes now! I’ve demanded—requested immediate reinforcements, but I can’t get an acknowledgement that anyone’s heard my request!”
She glared at the Drake.
“Is Watch Captain Venim or the Assembly of Crafts aware of the issue, soldier? Respond!”
The Drake winced. He eyed Embria and saluted slowly.
“They are, Wing Commander. But I cannot tell you what their status is. The Assembly of Crafts is debating—”
“What is there to debate? Send a regiment through already!”
Embria roared at the Drake. Olesm saw the Drake wince, but he held his ground stubbornly.
“I cannot leave my station, Wing Commander. I told you, the Assembly of Crafts is considering the issue and Watch Commander Venim is indisposed.”
His eyes slid sideways and his tail twitched, giving away the lie. Olesm’s eyes narrowed. He stepped forwards.
“Soldier, I am Olesm Swifttail , chief [Strategist] of Liscor. Do you acknowledge my rank?”
The Drake gave him a slow look.
“I do, sir.”
Olesm nodded. In certain situations he outranked Embria, for all she was a Wing Commander. This was one of them. He spoke slowly and clearly.
“In that case, I request immediate contact with Pallass’ [Strategist] or another civic leader on an issue of national emergency. You are aware that under Drake military law, denying my request is a treasonous offense?”
