5.54
Page 7
Klbkch watched impassively. This was not like the weaving of old, where a Queen could replace a limb or body part in minutes. This was crude. But it worked. The organs replaced the damaged ones in Bird’s body as the Worker quivered. The membrane and more regenerative gel was packed into place, creating an oozing mass. And then raw chitin was delicately placed just so, to cover the rest. It was sealed in place with a different type of gel meant for sealing wounds.
The bleeding stopped. Bird lay on the ground, surrounded by blood as the transfusion tube was removed from his chest. He stared up at the Free Queen and Klbkch as the Silent Queen sat back, her job done. The Drones moved back, disposing of the rest of the organs and beginning to pack away the tools and different mixtures they had brought here. Bird opened his mandibles and spoke.
“That hurt.”
Klbkch stared down at Bird. The Worker stared up at him.
“Am I going to live, Revalantor Klbkch?”
“Yes.”
Bird nodded slowly.
“That is good. I am Bird. Ow. Ow. I am much in pain. Ow. But I am brave. La, la, I am a brave little Bird…ow.”
He fell silent. Klbkch saw his mandibles open a bit, and wondered if Bird had passed out…or gone to sleep. The Silent Queen’s image flickered and another intelligence took control of the body. The Twisted Queen, her broken body a reflection of Bird’s own, stared down at him. Her feelers moved slowly towards him and both Klbkch and the Free Queen grew concerned. But the Twisted Queen did not touch Bird. Instead, she looked at Klbkch.
“Why. Does it speak? Why is it. Named?”
“It is Individual. You were informed of my success. And you have known of my designs for the Antinium.”
The Free Queen spoke coldly. The Twisted Queen looked at her and did not reply. The body jerked. The Grand Queen spoke briskly.
“The success of the Free Antinium is documented. Now the Worker has been preserved, we are called to more important issues.”
She made the body move back. Klbkch pointed, and the Drones carefully lifted Bird out of the way. They moved back as the vessel, the Free Queen, and Klbkch stood in the center of the room. The Grand Queen’s voice echoed out of the mirror.
“We are called to action, Free Queen. So we gather. The five Queens of the Hives are present. We deliberate. We call on you to join us.”
The Free Queen hesitated for a fraction of a second, then lowered her head.
“I am a servant of the Antinium, as are we all. What do the Hives call the Free Antinium for?”
The vessel raised the mirror it held. The view of the Grand Queen splintered into five parts. The five Queens sat and spoke. Each in their Hive. Each watching, regarding the others. In unison and apart.
“For war.”
The Armored Queen and her legions standing to attention.
“For planning.”
The shadows moved as the Silent Queen raised her head.
“For excellence bar none.”
The Flying Antinium and their Queen buzzed, their wings beating restlessly.
“For. Change.”
The Twisted Queen sat as things grew and died around her.
“For victory.”
The Grand Queen spoke simply. And her Prognugator, Xrn of the Antinium, raised her staff and called a map of Izril into the air. Klbkch knelt and his Queen leaned forwards. And the humming was back in the air. War. The Free Antinium looked up across their Hive and felt it.
