5.54 (Non-Canon)
Page 2
“I don’t know. We heard the alert called earlier. Something might be happening again.”
“What was that about another Hobgoblin? Is that the issue?”
“Hold on, hold on—”
Relc was hopping from foot to foot. Klbkch was right there! And his partner had drawn his blades, which was not a good sign. But now a Gnoll was arresting the Hobs! He put a pair of manacles over one of the Hobs—the one carrying a beat-up guitar. Numbtongue? Relc never paid attention to their names. Relc exclaimed.
“No way. He really is arresting them! I thought Olesm loved Erin and her Goblins! Why’s he doing that?”
Jeiss shot Relc a disbelieving look.
“They entered the city. Relc. He can’t let that slide, Human or not. Why is she here, anyways?”
“Well, yeah, but—hold on.”
All three saw Erin stepping forwards. They could hear her voice quite plainly.
“No! You can’t do this, Olesm! They were helping me save Bird! They’ve done nothing wrong!”
The Senior Guardsmen looked at each other.
“Save who?”
“That’s the Antinium who lives on top of Erin’s inn. You know, the one with the bow?”
“Oh. What happened?”
“I have no idea. But—hold on. What is she—”
Olesm was arguing with Erin, clearly telling her that this wasn’t a debate. But Erin wasn’t having it. She spread her arms, but the Gnoll with the cuffs just walked around her. Erin turned as he began to shackle the Hob with the enchanted axe, and then her eyes narrowed. She spun.
“No.”
Her fist rose. Relc saw Erin throw a punch. Olesm raised his claws and Erin decked him in the face. All three [Guards] winced as Olesm took a full-force blow to the face. He yelped and fell. Jeiss shook his head.
“She didn’t just—”
“Your friend’s in for it now, Relc.”
That was definitely true. But Erin wasn’t done  yet. As the Gnoll [Guardsman] turned to her in surprise, Erin whirled.
“[Minotaur Punch]!”
This time her punch took the Gnoll in the stomach. He doubled over, folded up, and curled into a ball of suffering. All three Senior Guardsmen gaped at Erin. So did the other members of the Watch, and the Hobs. Erin turned. She raised her fists and looked at the five Hobs.
“Run!”
The Hobs hesitated. Then they scattered. Relc swore and Jeiss and Beilmark grabbed for their weapons as the Watch shouted in alarm and began chasing after the five. Relc saw Erin charging a Drake and trying to punch him before Olesm tackled her to the ground. He tore his eyes away and focused on the five. They were splitting up, each one running in a different direction! Relc pointed to one of them that was heading their way. The Hob held a bow and was loosing arrows as he ran, forcing the other pursuers to slow and take cover.
“I’ll take the dude with the bow. You guys get the others.”
Jeiss and Beilmark hesitated, but then nodded. They didn’t argue as they ran past Relc. He walked forwards slowly, twirling his spear. The Hob spotted him and slowed down.
Now, which one was this? Headscratcher? Numb…toes? Rabbitfeeter? No—this was Badarrow. The Hob looked around as if trying to find an alley to run down. Relc just kept advancing slowly. He could catch Badarrow. The question was if the Hob would fight or run.
Badarrow and Relc locked gazes. The Hob’s reached for an arrow. Relc grinned and lifted his spear.
“Try it.”
The two froze in place. Relc could see Badarrow performing the warrior’s internal calculation, assessing Relc’s gear, his level and the Skills he might have and weighing his odds against that. The Hob’s eyes narrowed, then he made a disgusted sound.
Slowly, Badarrow released the grip on his arrow. The Hob glared as he tossed the bow and quiver to the ground.
