5.54 (Non-Canon)
Page 1
This time Beilmark glared over her shoulder. Relc rolled his eyes.
“What? I know you’re female!”
“And I have two children. Whom you have met!”
Beilmark snapped back at Relc. He scratched the back of his spines.
“Yeah…okay, well, so my question is—what do you do with them? For fun?”
Jeiss and Beilmark exchanged a glance, much like Klbkch and Relc sometimes did.
“How do you mean?”
“Well…my kid’s in town and we don’t do anything but argue. I keep trying to give her fatherly advice, but I don’t have much and uh, y’know…I could use a hand. Klb’s no good for that kind of thing.”
The Senior Guardsmen pair exchanged a long, tired look. Jeiss eventually spoke up.
“Relc, my oldest kid—Jacs—whose birthday you missed by the way—is ten.”
“And my oldest is fourteen. Embria is a Wing Commander in the army, yes? I do not think our advice applies.”
“But you’re the same age as me. I know Beilmark’s older. Hey! Don’t snarl at me.”
“Yeah, but you had a kid earlier than we did. It’s not the same. Now, would you shut up and let us get to the emergency on time? Not all of us can run as fast as you. You should be there by now!”
The Drake glared at Relc. Senior Guardsmen Relc sighed.
“I’m tired from that other fight at the Adventurer’s Guild. You know, the big fight just now? The one we all had to stop?”
“I don’t recall you doing the paperwork.”
“But I did take out three Gold-ranks! Hah! Besides, we haven’t heard the whistle blown twice so it’s not an emergency emergency. And aren’t we having fun talking?”
Jeiss and Beilmark sighed. They tried to run even faster, but it was a futile effort attempting to get away from Relc. The big Drake easily followed both [Guards], despite wearing chainmail armor and carrying his spear. If he needed do, he could lose the armor and even outrun a horse. Heck, he could probably catch Hawk if he had to! Maybe. With a head start.
The Gecko of Liscor enjoyed his life most of the time. It was peaceful, despite monster attacks and all the latest craziness with the Raskghar. It wasn’t like being in the army where every skirmish could be your last. Relc loved it in Liscor. He loved eating, he loved his job most of the time, and he loved…this.
But Embria kept telling him to go back to the army. As if he didn’t know what he’d left behind. He didn’t know how to talk to her. He never had. Relc opened his mouth to ask Beilmark what, if anything, he could say. Then he saw the Goblins.
There were five of them. Hobgoblins, not the regular, pesky Goblins. Instantly Relc became wary. He recognized the Redfang Warriors of course. They were an official adventuring team now and they were part of Erin’s inn. But they weren’t supposed to be in Liscor. And they were armed.
“Whoa. Hold up.”
Relc appeared in front of Jeiss, spear held more firmly in his claws. The Senior Guardsman slowed and for once didn’t complain as Relc peered at the situation. Five Hobs, surrounded by at least twenty of the Watch. Right in front of the entrance to the Antinium Hive, which didn’t seem good. And—Relc’s pulse quickened—there was Erin. And Klbkch.
“What the heck’s going on here?”
The three Senior Guardsmen approached slowly and heard Olesm speaking loudly to Erin. Relc’s jaw dropped as Olesm’s voice reached them.
“…am confiscating your door, Miss Solstice. A detachment of the Watch will be sent to collect it. As for the Goblins, I cannot risk them endangering the city. We will find this Hob and kill it. As for these five—”
“Hey, is he serious? He can’t do that, can he?”
He looked at Beilmark. The Gnoll shifted uneasily and gripped the mace she carried at her side.
