5.54
Page 1
The five Hobs hesitated, but then they took off. Headscratcher, Badarrow, Shorthilt, Rabbiteater, and the manacled Numbtongue each sprinted off in a different direction. The Watch tried to chase them, but Erin jumped forwards. She hit a female Drake with another [Minotaur Punch] and knew she had only two left. She turned, keeping her hands up as the Watch jumped back.
“Come on, I’ll take you on! Fight me! Hiyah!”
Erin tried to menace them, but the Drakes and Gnolls rushed after the Hobs instead. Erin threw a fake jab at a Drake close to her, making him duck back.
Behind you! A bell rang in Erin’s head. She turned—
And Relc was standing in front of her. The Drake waved at Erin. The [Innkeeper] hesitated, but then she aimed for his chest.
“[Minotaur Punch]!”
The Drake [Spearmaster] raised one claw. He caught her hand. His arms strained a bit with the recoil, but Relc himself barely moved. He let go as Erin blinked up at him. The two stared at each other. Then Erin threw another punch, this time at his stomach.
“[Minotaur Punch]!”
Relc blocked her fist again. This time he shook his claw.
“Ow. That hurts.”
Before Erin could react he reached out and tapped her on the forehead with his knuckles. She frowned and tried to swing at him again—
And then found herself lying on the ground. She stared up blankly at the clear sky. Then someone’s face appeared in her field of vision. It was Relc. Erin stared up at him dizzily. The Drake scratched the back of his head.
“Hey Erin.”
“Hey Relc.”
“You’re under arrest.”
Erin blinked stupidly up at Relc.
“Yeah, that’s fair.”
She lay on the ground for a few minutes. By the time the world stopped spinning Olesm had gotten to his feet and the Hobs were returning.
In chains. The Watch had caught them. Erin watched in despair as the Hobs returned. First Badarrow, caught by Relc. Then Headscratcher with a bloody nose. Shorthilt. Rabbiteater with several bleeding scratches on his leg. But not Numbtongue.
“Senior Guardswoman Beilmark. Did they give you trouble?”
Olesm winced as he clutched his stomach. Erin felt bad; she’d kicked him as hard as she could. The Gnoll who’d caught Rabbiteater shook her head.
“No sir. They tried to knock us down but they didn’t draw steel, sir. But the fifth Hob, the one we already shackled—he uh, made it out.”
“What? How?”
Erin looked up. Beilmark looked embarrassed.
“The fifth one—he ran down the streets shouting about a Raskghar attack. In the panic we couldn’t catch up to him and then he ran up to the battlements and jumped off.”
“Clever Numbtongue.”
Olesm glanced down at her and made a frustrated sound.
“That’s—keep an eye out for him! Don’t shoot him, but if he appears in the inn or the city—just keep an eye out! As for these four…”
He turned and looked grimly at Erin and the Hobs.
“Take them to prison and put them in separate cells.”
“The Hobs?”
Relc raised his brows. Olesm shook his head.
“All of them. The Hobs…and Erin. I can’t have them running around. And Erin causes trouble. This is an emergency and I can’t—I don’t want to lose my breakfast. So take her to a cell.”
He looked back at Erin.
“I’m sorry.”
Olesm didn’t wait for a response. He turned and hurried off. Erin stared down at her hands. Relc walked over with a pair of metal cuffs. He shrugged.
“You know, he does have a point.”
Erin stared at Olesm.
“Yeah. That’s fair too.”
Then she looked at the four Hobs sitting around her. They looked at her, tired, confused. And frightened, though they tried to hide it. Erin smiled weakly at them.
“I’m sorry.”
