5.55 G
Page 12
Pyrite met her eyes. Ulvama hesitated. He could see her thinking. Her gambit to tie herself to the highest-ranked Goblin in Rags’ tribe wasn’t going well. But she didn’t give up—mainly because she had no choice. Noears had been in Tremborag’s tribe so he was well aware of Ulvama’s ways—and he didn’t get along with Tremborag’s Goblins to begin with. It was why he’d left and why he was called Noears to begin with. Poisonbite was female, as was Rags, and neither of them were interested in other females in a way that would help Ulvama. And Redscar liked male Goblins. So Ulvama tried again.
“You want sex?”
Goblins didn’t do much subtlety. Ulvama’s first attempt had been as subtle as it got. Pyrite shook his head.
“No.”
“Why not?”
She stared at Pyrite suspiciously. He shrugged.
“Too busy. And don’t like you. You go back to wagons now. We keep moving.”
He shooed Ulvama away, ignoring her hissing and threats. Pyrite walked back to the front of his tribe. Eater of Spears was there, rubbing at a chunk taken out of one bicep. Pyrite nodded and began walking. The tribe marched after him, hurriedly packing away the meat from the dead goats. It was just one thing in a day.
But it mattered. Pyrite could sense Eater of Spears looking at him. The Hob absently swatted a fly trying to lick blood from his skin.
“What?”
“Never saw that before. Strong. Cut goats apart so quick even Garen Redfang looked scared. Why do it?”
Pyrite paused. He looked around and saw Garen Redfang was staring at him. He shrugged and looked ahead.
“It was a warning.”
“To Garen? To Tremborag Goblins?”
“To everyone.”
Pyrite looked up at Eater of Spears. The Hob paused. Then he nodded. The two walked on. Pyrite found his water skin and tried to wipe off the blood with a little bit of water. Eater of Spears silently offered him his water skin and Pyrite grunted in thanks. He noticed Eater of Spears hadn’t healed the bites he’d taken—not that the Eater Goats had been able to do much damage to his skin.
“Need potion?”
“No. Have, but not waste. Will heal quick.”
The Hob shook his head and tapped a bottle on his belt. He had three potions, actually. A sign of how important he was. For the first time, Pyrite noticed that Eater of Spears had a number of objects on his belt. A little band of feathers, a token of some sort, his own belt pouches, the water skin—and two glittering hatchets.
“What are those?”
Eater of Spears blinked down at his belt. Then he grinned.
“Throwing axes. Weak enchanted. Sharp. Reiss gave as reward.”
“Any good with axes?”
Pyrite was intrigued. He glanced back at Reiss, and then at Garen, and had another thought. Another bad idea, or perhaps, a good one. He raised his eyebrows and Eater of Spears grinned.
“Have Skill. And class! Was a [Thrower] before. Can hit flying Wyverns with rocks. Don’t level class much anymore, though. But this good for [Mages]. Threw at fast-fast flying pink thing, but missed.”
Flying pink what? Pyrite decided to ignore that. He pursed his lips, and then spoke casually.
“I have another class. [Blademaster]. Only Level 3, though.”
“[Blademaster]?”
Eater of Spears’ brows shot up. He looked impressed, as anyone might. Pyrite shrugged.
“Was taught by Greydath of Blades. You know?”
“I do. He taught you?”
“Yes. But no good with sword. Axes better.”
Pyrite sighed. No matter how hard he’d tried, he hadn’t been able to get past Greydath’s ‘basic’ training. Which was still something. He looked speculatively at Eater of Spears and decided to tell him another secret.
