5.55 G
Page 14
The black light had struck Osthia. She had fallen as it sapped the life, the very core of energy from her. She lay on the ground, motionless, breathless, eyes still open wide and mouth slightly agape. The Necromancer studied her for a moment, then walked off.
It took a while for the Goblins to dare retrieve her body. When they did, she was loaded onto a wagon with other dead Goblins and animals, to be made into food for later. After all, they couldn’t waste food. There Osthia lay as night passed to day, until the wagon was bumping and threatening to knock her onto the ground.
The Goblin driver was dozing until Snapjaw rode over and snapped an order. The Hob leapt onto the wagon and found Osthia’s corpse. She eyed the black ring on Osthia’s claws, bent, tugged it off, and waited.
Nothing happened. Snapjaw scratched her head anxiously. She bent to listen by Osthia’s mouth and heard no intake of breath. She poked Osthia in the chest, then poked her in the cheek. Snapjaw gulped, then saw one eye swivel towards her.
“Do you mind?”
The Hob nearly leapt off the wagon. She lurched back as Osthia sat up, gasping and coughing. The Drake spat—several dead flies shot out of her mouth. She looked around, blinked at the sunlight streaming down, and then turned to Snapjaw.
“What in the name of the Ancestors—how long was I out?”
“Half day.”
Snapjaw shrugged. Osthia gaped.
“Half a day? Your leader told me I’d be recovered in minutes! Do you know how dangerous it is to keep someone under the [False Death] spell that long? Why the hell—”
“I forgot.”
The female Hob picked at her teeth with one claw, looking embarrassed. Osthia inhaled, and spat another fly out.
“You forgot? You forg—”
“Necromancer took long time to go. Long time. So forgot. Remembered before you got eaten.”
Snapjaw said it as if that righted all wrongs. Osthia balled her claws into a fist, then looked around.
“He’s gone? Then where’s Reiss?”
The Hob glared at the Drake. She enunciated her words carefully.
“Goblin Lord Reiss is busy. Big thinking after plan.”
“Plan? What plan?”
Osthia looked at Snapjaw. The Hob closed her mouth. Osthia tried to sit up, but her body refused to obey her.
“What plan? What are the Humans going to do? What is the Necromancer doing? What is Reiss—”
She was trying to get up. Snapjaw scratched her head, and then brightened.
“Oh! Remember the second thing I was supposed to do.”
“What?”
Osthia turned to glare at her. Snapjaw scooted forwards. She picked up the black ring, its charge exhausted, and then looked at Osthia. Reiss had come up with the ring after worrying she might be killed. He was reasonably certain she could survive a single [Deathbolt]—it killed all those under Level 30 when Az’kerash used it, and all those under Level 15 when he used it—which meant it would take multiple casts to kill Osthia. But he hadn’t wanted to risk it. She didn’t know why he liked the Drake so much, but orders were orders.
“What second thing?”
The Drake glared at Snapjaw. The Hobgoblin shrugged.
“This.”
She brought her head forwards and head-butted Osthia. The Drake’s head snapped back and she reeled.
“You—”
She tried to spit acid, but Snapjaw struck her in the face with a second head-butt, then a third. She shook her head as Osthia fell back, unconscious. Snapjaw looked down at the prone Drake and sighed.
“Reiss says sorry.”
Then she turned to the Goblin driver.
“Put in chains. Hands, feet, mouth. Hobs guard. Don’t let run.”
