5.57
Page 20
“They still want to use your door. They’re trying to leave Liscor, Erin. They’re going north. Towards Celum.”
“Who is?”
“All of the adventurers!”
“You’re kidding. And Olesm is okay with that?”
“He doesn’t know! They’re taking a door with them with a new mana stone embedded in it. I objected—so did Typhenous and Dawil and Ceria. They wanted you to weigh in before they started this. But the other teams said they had to go now, or at least get started.”
“Oh boy. That’s not good.”
Erin’s stomach, already a bit seasick from all the churning, began to make gastric butter. Lyonette nodded.
“Remember how you got here from Celum? They’re doing the same thing—but in reverse. They’re trading it off, going back through the door so only one team has to carry it each time. They’re going to try and get to Esthelm and hire horses—or a wagon to move faster—by tonight. They think they can get out of the pass before the Goblin Lord’s army arrives.”
“Wonderful. At least it’s a tried and true method. And how far are they?”
“Jelaqua’s team was the first shift, and they left this morning. I think they’re nearing the edge of the Floodplains by foot. It’s slow progress right now, but soon—Erin, what are we going to do?”
“Tell Olesm. Or maybe not. I dunno. Liscor needs to be defended, but the adventurers don’t want to fight. I’ll think about it. Right now I have to deal with the Cave Goblins. You want to go back?”
“I’ll stick with you.”
Lyonette squared her shoulders. Erin smiled at her. The two climbed a hill. And then they saw the Cave Goblins spread out ahead of them.
It was a strange sight. Goblins sat about on hilltops, twenty odd thousand of them scattered in different spots. Some were cooking or sitting around the fires, others fishing, or just…going about the task of living. Erin saw some of them diving around the rift to the dungeon and hauling stuff up. The Cave Goblins were everywhere.
“Holy smokes. I knew there were more than I thought, but this many?”
Erin blinked at the Goblins. Lyonette shook her head in wonder.
“There are so many. How are they feeding themselves? There’s no way the food you were giving them was enough!”
“I think they had food from the dungeon. And—oh wow. Yeah, they have food. Just not good food. Look at that.”
Erin pointed. She’d spotted the Cave Goblins bringing up something from the underwater rift to the dungeon. Lyonette saw what they were lugging across the muddy floodplains to a waiting fire. She put a hand over her mouth.
“Is that—”
“Uh huh. That’s a dead, giant caterpillar. A dead caterpillar with hair. They’re sautéing it.”
Lyonette turned green. Erin felt her stomach lurch.
“Well, I guess monsters from the dungeon are like…half of their food supply. I did wonder what all that salt and oil was being used for. And they’ve got fish here, cooking equipment…”
Pleasantly, the only smells the two girls were inhaling were coming from a nearby cook fire, where some Goblins were frying up muddy fish they’d scooped from the valley-lakes. Erin stared at them, to get the image of Goblins sawing chunks off the caterpillar out of her head.
“I’m going in. You stay put, Lyonette. Or go back. That caterpillar’s gonna smell soon.”
“What does Zevara want you to do?”
Lyonette called after Erin as the [Innkeeper] began to walk down the hill. Erin didn’t respond.
What did Zevara want her to do? What did Ilvriss and Olesm want? Well, they wanted her to wave her hands and make the Goblins go away. They were about to fight a war. A war. And Erin was going to be caught up in it.
