5.57
Page 8
Garen grunted as he sketched a quick map. They’d have to go through Liscor and loop a long ways around to get to the other side of the High Passes. Spiderslicer made a face.
“Long trip.”
“Better than fighting hungry Eater Goats and Humans. Too many. Too much slaughter.”
Spiderslicer grimaced and nodded. All that slaughter had called the Eater Goats down from the High Passes. They’d be ravening, and might even attack the Redfang tribe, red stripes or not.
“And after that, Chieftain?”
“After that?”
Garen gave Spiderslicer a blank look. He shrugged.
“After that—we’re in High Passes. We’ll fight. Train. Push Gargoyles out of territory. Expand up, maybe. Find more Carn Wolves instead of horses. Normal stuff.”
That was all Garen wanted. A return to normality. He saw Spiderslicer nod, but hesitantly.
“What?”
The Goblin squirmed. He looked back at the others and they waved him on, clearly saying ‘get on with it’. That was Spiderslicer’s trouble. He was an excellent warrior, but he was no Redscar, brave with words as well as battle. Spiderslicer muttered to himself, and then looked at Garen.
“Chieftain—we not fighting Goblin Lord? Or Humans?”
“No.”
Garen scowled. He looked around and raised his voice a little louder, so all could hear.
“Too risky. Too many Goblins. Too many stupid Humans.”
The others nodded. It was suicide, even for Redfangs to fight that many. Still—they looked at Spiderslicer. He hesitated.
“Could have fought with Flooded Waters tribe, Chieftain. Reiss—Goblin Lord—was exposed.”
They could have cut towards him. Garen knew that. His scowl deepened.
“Yes, but—too risky. No way out. No. Let Reiss fight. Don’t need to waste lives.”
Some of the Redfangs nodded, but most looked confused. Risky? That wasn’t what Garen would normally say, and both they and he knew it. Garen growled. Spiderslicer eyed him, but the peer pressure was too great for him to drop it.
“So Chieftain. We go back. Then we fight Gargoyles. Get more wolves. And…use key?”
He gestured obliquely to Garen’s side. Instantly, the chieftain clamped a hand to the small key he carried on him at all times. Spiderslicer sat back on his heels. Garen tried not to glare at him. He trusted Spiderslicer. He was just asking. He forced himself to respond normally.
“Not yet. Other one missing.”
“Okay. We get?”
“Not yet. Later. I—I’ll come up with plan. Later.”
Garen growled. Spiderslicer nodded. He seemed to sense Garen’s patience was at an end and looked back towards the others.
“Okay, Chieftain. Past Liscor. We ride soon?”
“Yes. Get ready.”
Garen watched the Goblin move back. He saw him exchange looks, not quite glance back at him, and begin a rapid and furtive conversation with the others. Garen didn’t need to know what they said. They were probably debating his words.
They could sense it too. Garen didn’t know what he’d do after he got back home. The High Passes always had something to fight, something to do. But he didn’t have any plans beyond surviving there. He just knew he was done. Done with Rags and Reiss and the Humans. Done with betrayal. After all, what reason did he have to stay? It wasn’t his battle. It wasn’t his war. Reiss could die fighting for his master. Garen didn’t care anymore.
He was going home.
 
—-
 
Olesm had seen armies passing by Liscor. Human ones, going to battle in the Blood Fields. Recently he had seen the Goblin Lord’s army, a vast host passing in the darkness. And he had seen Skinner’s undead—the hordes of Face-Eater Moths. Each time he’d been cowed by the numbers, but he had trusted Liscor’s walls to hold.
