5.57
Page 19
The Garuda raised a mug and Keldrass nodded to her. Both teams were sitting far apart and giving each other the stink-eye now and then. It had been a brawl between a number of adventuring teams in the guild that had landed them in prison.
“What are you going to do, Erin?”
The young woman paused. She was wiping away some mud with a towel—not that it would matter since she was going right back out in the thick of it. She scratched her head and shrugged.
“Talk to him. That’s all. I think it’ll be fine. But I need to go now, before Zevara burns my inn down. I’ll be back in a moment to talk with you all.”
The adventurers exchanged a glance. Ceria cleared her throat.
“Need an escort? We have some things we need to tell you, Erin.”
“We’d be honored.”
Ylawes sat up. Erin frowned. She glanced around her inn and noticed a conspicuous absence. And Lyonette was giving Erin a meaningful look.
“No…I think I’m good, Ceria, Ylawes. Adventurers make Goblins uneasy. I’ll go and be back soon. Lyonette, can you walk with me part of the way? Just for a few minutes. Not you, Mrsha. You have to stay.”
The Gnoll cub didn’t like that, but Yvlon picked her up and even squirming as hard as she could, Mrsha couldn’t get free. She whined as Lyonette and Erin left the inn. They walked down the hill and Erin grimaced.
“Ew. There’s a path, but it’s mud.”
Indeed, to get to where the Goblins were standing, Erin would have to go up and down the hills, which meant walking through the mud and occasionally through knee-deep water. If she slipped, Erin would tumble to the bottom of the hill—which meant a reintroduction to water if the valley was deep.
“There are boots and a special type of stick they use to walk around in. Do you want me to try and get one?”
“No. I’ll walk. It’s a big mess and I can’t delay.”
Erin sighed. She and Lyonette began to slip their way down a hill and up the first one. As they walked, Erin talked.
“So who stole the door? Any ideas?”
“No one knows. But some people came through it, from Celum. That’s why Olesm confiscated the mana stone leading there. None of the adventurers were happy. Also, this isn’t proof, but the night the door was stolen, that [Magician]—Eltistiman—he vanished.”
“What? But I liked him.”
Erin’s face fell. Lyonette pursed her lips.
“He might be innocent. Or a victim.”
“You think so?”
“No. And neither does Olesm. There’s a bounty on his head.”
“Damn.”
Erin cursed. It felt wholly insufficient to the moment. She glared at nothing, remembering the smiling, charming illusion-mage.
“Eltistiman Verdue. I’m gonna remember his…face. Not the name. If I see that guy again, he’s gonna get what for. Okay, what’s the next problem?”
Lyonette glanced back at the inn.
“The door to Celum’s out. And so is the door to Pallass. All the adventurers are stuck in Liscor and they want out.”
“Oh, is that why they’re all at my inn?”
“Yes. They won’t say as much to Watch Captain Zevara—much less Wall Lord Ilvriss—but I think that even the Pallassian adventurers don’t want to stay and fight. They all want to leave.”
“Makes sense. But Liscor will be under attack. And my door’s outta juice. So what’s their plan?”
Lyonette glanced around again. But there was no one nearby. Just the watchers on Liscor, the adventurers following their slow progress in the mud—and the Goblins on the nearby hills. They were staring at Erin and Lyonette, although not with hostility. So many watchers. It  made Erin’s shoulders itch. The [Princess] whispered to her, keeping a wary eye on the Cave Goblins.
