5.57
Page 17
Zevara barked orders and her [Guardspeople] headed off anyone trying to get to her. The people of Liscor stared at her. And at Ilvriss. And Olesm. And at Erin. She could hear them whispering, and caught fragments of what was being said.
“—Watch Captain and Wall Lord. And the Strategist—”
“—the Human. You know, the one who runs The Wandering Inn? The one with—”
“—friends to Goblins. Think she’ll—”
“—Goblin Lord camped right outside—”
Erin looked around nervously.
“So uh, what exactly is going on?”
“You’ll see.”
Ilvriss glanced impassively back at Erin. The Drakes led her up to the eastern wall, past a large gathering of people. And Erin did see, then. She stared at the Goblins, thousands of Goblins standing on the hilltops. She listened to the roar as they shouted the Redfang’s battle cry. She blinked.
“Huh. That’s a lot of Goblins.”
Erin stared at the Cave Goblins. Her eyes found Numbtongue. She looked around at the grim Drakes, the wary Gnolls.
“So what did you want me to do, again?”
“Get them to leave. Speak to that Goblin. Tell them we will only release the Hobs once they march south. Fifty miles, perhaps. We’ll release the prisoners then.”
Ilvriss folded his arms. Erin stared at him. She looked at Numbtongue, brave Numbtongue holding his guitar aloft like a banner. He still had the manacles attached to his arms, the cuffs at least.
“And then what? They just leave?”
“If they return to the Floodplains we’ll bombard them. They cannot remain here when the Goblin Lord arrives.”
Zevara’s eyes were hard as she stared at the Goblins. She glanced at Erin.
“You need to make them understand that.”
“I see.”
Erin looked at Olesm. He looked uneasy and kept glancing at her. She gazed at Embria, who was watching her warily, and then looked back at the Goblins.
It can’t be this way forever. Erin had said something like that to Headscratcher in jail. And yet, when she looked at Numbtongue, at the Cave Goblins—her heart hurt. They’d done no wrong. No wrong, if you understood that they had been slaves to the Raskghar before that. And now they were marching on Liscor, peacefully, all for Numbtongue’s friends.
“Okay.”
“You’ll do it? In that case—”
Zevara turned, relieved. Erin shook her head.
“No. Take me back to jail.”
She held out her hands. The Drakes froze.
“Wait, what?”
Erin looked at Olesm.
“I can’t deal with them. And I can’t get them to go. So…take me back to jail. I hear we’re getting beef stew for dinner.”
“You cannot do that.”
Zevara stared at Erin. The young woman smiled, a bit mockingly.
“Oh yeah? Why not? I’m not cooperating. What’re you gonna do, arrest me twice?”
“We could kick you off this wall for aiding the enemy.”
Embria offered. Ilvriss quieted her with a look. He stared at Erin and then sighed.
“What do you want, then?”
Erin smiled.
“You’re willing to talk instead of give ultimatums?”
“If there is no other choice…my patience is limited, however. As are the concessions I’m willing to make. The Goblins leaving is paramount. Tell me your demands.”
Ilvriss looked down at Erin. She nodded.
“In that case, give the Redfangs back their gear and get ready to let them go. And let me negotiate with Numbtongue. On my own terms.”
“You’ll get them to leave? Really?”
Olesm looked at Erin. She hesitated.
“I think so. He’s not an idiot. But you have to let the Redfangs go. I’m positive Numbtongue won’t budge unless we do.”
A grinding sound came from Embria. She did not like this plan, any more than the others did.
“And if we refuse? If we attack the Goblins or don’t release our hostages?”
Erin shrugged. She stared at Embria without blinking.
