5.57
Page 16
The Drakes turned to a cell just before Calruz. Four Hobs sat or stood in their cells, watching the Drakes warily. A young woman lay on a cot. She’d been standing, talking to the others, but she’d scrambled into her bed. She stared up at the ceiling, hands folded behind her head, as Zevara paused before the cage. She didn’t look up. The Watch Captain eyed Erin Solstice and looked at Olesm. He cleared his throat nervously.
“Erin?”
She didn’t respond. Olesm looked at Zevara. The Watch Captain made a face. Was Erin upset? She hadn’t been here more than a single night. Olesm called out to her.
“Erin, we’re going to let you go. You’ve uh, served your sentence and there’s a situation we might need your help with.”
“I can’t go back.”
Erin spoke slowly, not looking away from the ceiling. Olesm paused.
“Excuse me?”
He saw Erin’s head slowly turn towards him. The young woman spoke in a slow, monotone voice.
“I can’t go back, Olesm. I’ve been in here too long. Prison’s changed me, man. I’ve seen things. How can I return to the outside world?”
The Drakes stared at her. Olesm scratched the back of his head.
“This is an act, right? You’re doing something like those plays again.”
Erin stared at the ceiling.
“…No?”
Olesm sighed.
“Erin, this is an emergency. We don’t have time for—any of this!”
Erin blinked. She sat up a bit and eyed Olesm.
“It is? Okay, just a few more.”
To Olesm’s consternation, she lay back down and stared at the ceiling.
“It’s funny. I was an honest [Innkeeper] before all of this. I had to go to prison to become a [Criminal]. [Thug]. Whatever. This is a [Thug]’s life, y’know?”
Zevara slammed the cell door open.
“Get. Out.”
“Aw, fine.”
Erin swung herself up. She walked over, stretching. Then she blinked at Ilvriss.
“Hey, Wall Lord. Hey, Zevara. Olesm. How’s the eye? Are you letting me and the Redfangs out? Or just me?”
The Drakes looked at each other. Ilvriss glanced severely at the watching Hobs.
“That remains to be seen. For now, you will come with us. There’s a situation that has arisen that—strangely—we believe only you can resolve.”
“Really? Me? Well, okay then. Let’s go. Hey guys, I’ll be back soon! Don’t worry, I’ll get you out of here, even if I have to bake a cake! If I do—don’t eat the entire thing, got it?”
Erin waved at the Hobs. They waved back. She smiled at them as she left the prison, and then looked at Olesm. She didn’t smile then.
“So what’s the problem?”
Olesm shuffled his feet. He couldn’t look Erin in the eye. He’d been—upset—yesterday. And maybe he’d made some rash decisions. But she had hit him. However, Olesm was certain that he wasn’t going to be receiving an apology any time soon.
“You’ll see. Follow us, and keep up.”
 
—-
 
It wasn’t that Erin resented being in jail for so long. Okay, she resented it a bit. It was already past midday and quickly becoming evening and she was sick of staring at the stone walls of her cell. Walking through the streets of Liscor did feel great by comparison. Maybe there was something to going to prison after all that gave you a new lease on life.
Anyways, Erin wasn’t about to hold a grudge. At least, not right now. Something was up, and it didn’t take a genius to figure out it had to do with Goblins. Or that it was serious. Drakes and Gnolls were doing that ‘standing in the streets’ thing that meant something was occurring that city life couldn’t work around. And they were coming up to Zevara and Ilvriss, or trying to.
“Keep moving! Watch business! Clear the streets!”
