5.57
Page 11
“Yes.”
“The one with the guitar?”
“Numbtongue.”
“What do you think he wants?”
“At a guess? His friends back.”
Zevara grunted. Olesm’s tail twitched nervously. This was all his fault.
“This is all my fault. I shouldn’t have arrested them.”
“I would have. Don’t beat yourself up over it.”
“But maybe if—”
Olesm’s next words were cut off. He saw Numbtongue raise his guitar out of the corner of his eye and his body was already wincing before the roar of noise came up from the Cave Goblins.
“Redfang!”
It was one word, a roar of sound. Zevara recoiled and both Ilvriss and Embria reached instinctively for their weapons. The City Watch half-raised their bows, then forced themselves to hold. Numbtongue raised his arms and the word rolled across the Floodplains again.
“Redfang.”
This time the cadence was different. Zevara frowned and turned towards the others.
“They’ve been shouting that all this time?”
“Yes, Watch Captain.”
Olesm watched Numbtongue lower his guitar, his stomach churning. Zevara frowned. Her own tail was very still, but Olesm could see it slightly squirming. She had to be holding it still so she wouldn’t alarm anyone else.
“I see. Then it seems to me, Wall Lord, Wing Commander, that the Cave Goblins want a parley.”
“Parley?”
The other Drakes looked astonished. And affronted. Zevara nodded.
“They haven’t assaulted the city and that isn’t an aggressive formation. They’re out of bow range and all they’ve been doing is chanting a name. The name of the Redfang Goblins, in fact. We have four Hobs in lockup. They’re the leaders of this tribe. Or allies. Or something.”
“So, what? We should release them under duress? Unacceptable.”
Ilvriss snapped. Olesm hesitated.
“Well…I did arrest them on a technicality. They were Goblins in the city, which is illegal, but they were helping Erin—”
“And they’re Goblins. You’re not suggesting we accede to their demands, surely, Watch Captain?”
Embria stared at Zevara. The older Drake glared at her.
“And what would you propose? An assault? This is an army we do not need right now. The Hobs staying at Erin’s inn are reasonable—for Goblins, or so I’ve been given to understand.”
She shot a quick glance at Olesm, who nodded slowly. Zevara shrugged.
“In that case, what do we have to lose by giving them what they want?”
“But if we return their leaders—”
Zevara brusquely interrupted Embria. She addressed Ilvriss, who was staring down at the Goblins with narrowed eyes.
“Four Hobs won’t make a difference in the battle for Liscor. Twenty thousand Goblins might. I propose we make a deal with them. If we can force them to retreat south, towards the Blood Fields in exchange for letting the other Hobs go—”
“We’d keep them from reinforcing the Goblin Lord. A sound idea, Watch Captain.”
Ilvriss spoke slowly. He looked up, at Olesm, Zevara, and Embria.
“As options go, I think that is the best one in front of us. Unless you have any better suggestions, Wing Commander? Strategist Olesm?”
Neither one did, although Embria looked upset. Ilvriss nodded.
“In that case, I would agree to Watch Captain Zevara’s proposal. It is unprecedented—but it seems precedent is damned around Liscor in any case. I have only one objection, though.”
“Which is?”
Zevara looked sharply at Ilvriss. The Wall Lord frowned.
“We do not negotiate with monsters. It is beneath us as a species.”
Olesm groaned internally. Zevara opened her mouth, but Ilvriss forestalled her. He raised a claw, and then looked around.
“Someone get the Human.”
 
—-
 
