5.58
Page 19
“I will. It was good secret, right?”
“Right!”
The others chorused. Ukrina laughed. She slapped Garen on the back.
“A Goblin’s secrets! Every team should have a Goblin in it, right Garen? What other treasures does your kind know about? I should have been shaking down Goblins left and right instead of—uh, never mind.”
She trailed off awkwardly. Garen just shook his head.
“Goblins have few secrets. Just…a few. This one, and some others. But this is important. Think so, anyways.”
He shrugged uncomfortably. He was afraid, terribly afraid that he was wrong. But if he was right—his claws trembled as he reached for the lid of the chest. The others held their breaths. They’d done a quick inventory already, but this was different. Garen opened the chest and they sighed as a glitter shone from within.
“Well, would you look at that.”
Keilam prowled around the chest, reaching into it. Halassia slapped his paws away.
“Hands off! Let Garen pull them out.”
“Should we be careful of traps?”
Thornst asked the question a bit too late. Halassia shook her head.
“Seborn checked it already. Besides, it would have gone off when he grabbed it anyways, right? Go on, Garen.”
The Hobgoblin nodded and began pulling items out. Ukrina whistled as he lifted a large, golden yellow orb, translucent and set on a small bronze stand.
“Looks like a scrying orb. Nice size. And this—this is a fine set of gemstones.”
She eyed the handful of sparkling gems Garen pulled out. The next item made Keilam reach for it and earn another swat. His tail wagged back and forth as he peered at a studded silver gauntlet, shaped for a Drake’s claws rather than a Human’s hand.
“A gauntlet! I wonder what its enchantment is? And look, a wand! I call it!”
“Keilam! I told you no!”
Halassia sprayed a bit of water from the tip of her staff at Keilam. The half-Gnoll yowled and backed up, raising his paws. Halassia sighed, but then her face burst into a smile as Garen kept pulling out item after item.
“Would you look at this? Potions and gems and magical artifacts! We’re rich! This is twice as good as the treasure we got in Meribeth’s Sanctum!”
The others nodded. Halassia paused, a frown crossing her face. 
“An odd collection, though. All of this stuff’s expensive, but who just packs this randomly into a chest? And leaves it at the bottom of a cavern full of bugs?”
Garen had reached the bottom of the chest. His breath caught as, at last, he found what he was looking for. He answered Halassia with a trembling voice.
“A distraction. Small treasure. Reward for getting chest. But this—”
He reached into the chest and came up with something. A small key, iron, or so it seemed. The other Halfseekers stared at it, perplexed.
“What? Are you serious, Garen? There’s no way that this is a distraction. You’re telling me that’s the treasure? How did you know about it?”
Ukrina looked skeptically at the key. Keilam’s ears perked up. Halassia blinked and Thornst leaned forwards.
“What’s that key for, Garen? What does it unlock? Is this another Goblin secret?”
Garen smiled at them. He hesitated, and looked down at the key. This was it. Every part of him knew it was the key. It was the same as the one he had seen in his memories. But should he tell them?
Yes. Every part of him said yes. Garen had debated this very question for months now, ever since he had taken a leave of absence from the Halfseekers and discovered his brother had given his soul away. But now even that memory couldn’t dampen his spirits.
