5.58
Page 32
He turned. Erin staggered to her feet. Her partially fixed teeth moved around her bloody mouth. She looked at the others.
“Raskghar in the basement. Get one. Hurry.”
For a moment no one moved, then Yvlon got up.
“Ylawes.”
They ran to the trapdoor. Moore was sitting on the ground, surrounded by other Gold-rank adventurers. They tried to pack his insides back into his body before applying the healing potion. All the while, the second voice whispered to them, telling them what was wrong. Moore’s eyes were rolling back in his head.
“Here!”
Yvlon came out of the basement, dragging a huge body behind her. Pisces’ heart jumped as he saw a Raskghar’s head and Ceria swore. But Moore lurched over to it. He bent, exposing his open side towards the body.
“Don’t look. Don’t look!”
At first the others didn’t know what he meant. Pisces did, and he watched in horror and fascination as something slithered out of Moore’s open wound. The half-Giant groaned and passed out, but the orange, semi-liquid…thing flowed towards the Raskghar’s body.
Yvlon and Ylawes backed up as it crawled down the creature’s mouth. The other adventurers watched in horror. The Raskghar began to jerk, and then a voice began to speak from its mouth, though the gaping muzzle never so much as twitched.
“You didn’t see. Didn’t see it.”
The voice was confused. Female. It didn’t sound like a voice that came from lips. The Raskghar kept twitching as the thing—the Selphid began invading its nervous system. The adventurers looked at each other.
“What didn’t we see?”
Ceria looked around in confusion. The voice—Jelaqua, whispered again.
“They’ll kill us for it. Didn’t happen. You didn’t see. Please.”
Bevussa looked around. The Garuda understood, and she spoke decisively.
“We saw nothing. No one will tell anything.”
Pisces nodded. The others began to understand, at least in part. Jelaqua was talking about how she’d entered Moore’s body. To invade a living host, willing or not, was the height of Selphid sin.
The Selphid had almost gained control of the Raskghar’s body. It began sitting up, raising its arms, blinking, as if going through a test. It was unnatural to see. But for all the precision, it seemed like the controller was—damaged. How could she not be? She kept whispering, forgetting to use the Raskghar’s vocal chords and lungs.
“I didn’t break the rule. I didn’t—”
“What happened? Are the Goblins still there?”
“What about Headscratcher?”
Halrac and Erin pressed Jelaqua. The Raskghar’s head turned and stared blankly at them.
“Garen. It was Garen. His tribe. Others alive.”
“Garen?”
The name evoked confusion in some of the other adventurers. Pisces felt his heart skip a beat. Dawil, his face burned, sat up from his cot.
“That was their old teammate, wasn’t it? I heard about a Goblin Chieftain that no adventuring team had managed to bring down. But he was supposed to be in the High Passes.”
Jelaqua didn’t respond. Halrac looked at the body, then at Seborn and Moore. He stared at the door.
“What in the name of the Five Families happened?”
Erin shook her head. She looked back at the Halfseekers. They were all breathing, but just. She stared at the door, closed again.
“I don’t know. But I think—I think something happened with the Redfangs. I mean, Headscratcher and the others. And Garen. They swore to kill him.”
“By the looks of it, he killed them.”
Revi commented softly. A strangled laugh rose from the Raskghar. All of the adventurers jerked as Jelaqua finally spoke with the Raskghar’s growling voice,
“He couldn’t do it.”
“Do what?”
