5.58
Page 8
“Why would a Hob pretend to be an adventurer just to prey on livestock?”
The Drake with the ashy scales asked curiously. Jelaqua rolled her eyes.
“Not him, Halassia. That dead goat-thing. I think he got to the monster before we did.”
“Oh.”
The adventurers stared at the dead goat. Garen heard them whispering amongst themselves.
“It really killed the monster? It’s…an adventurer?”
“But it’s a Goblin!”
“Now, now, Ukrina. Let’s not judge by appearances.”
“By—Moore! That is a Goblin!”
“Yes.”
Jelaqua spoke calmly. She looked at Garen and he thought she could see everything that had led to this point. Him struggling to learn how to speak, figuring out how to disguise himself, give excuses, learn Human customs. Entering cities, being found out, running, pretending—trying so hard to fit in, to learn—all of the long months he’d endured were laid out in a glance. As if she could stare into his soul. As if she knew what it was like.
“Nice kill. What’s your name, friend?”
Garen started. He stared at Jelaqua and backed up a step. He saw the other adventurers tensing, but Jelaqua just smiled.
“The name’s Jelaqua Ivirith. I lead a team of Silver-rank adventurers. Well, we’re Silver-rank on this continent, but two of us are already Gold-ranks and Moore’d be Gold-rank too if they ever gave him a fair test.”
She waited, but Garen didn’t speak. The Human’s language came hard to him, not like his brother. He could still barely read. Jelaqua didn’t seem to mind, though. She looked around, and seemed to come to a quick decision.
“We’re a band of misfits. And we could always use a new member.”
“What? Jelaqua, are you insane?”
One of the Drakes, the normal-looking one, exclaimed. But the strange woman just turned to argue with her. Garen watched her face, her ready smile. Then he heard the shriek and turned. His heart sank. He’d forgotten about the others! He hadn’t time to poison the first Eater Goat’s corpse. Jelaqua looked up sharply as more Eater Goats emerged, scenting their comrade’s blood.
“Aha! Knew it. It had to be a pack. Hold on, strange Goblin guy. Halfseekers, to arms!”
They fought, then, as the Eater Goats came from all sides. As stupid and suicidal as their kind, but deadly. Garen finished them off, making sure each was dead. Eater Goats could survive incredible amounts of damage and heal fast. All they needed was food and a mate and they’d repopulate rapidly. He stood, wiping his steel sword, when Jelaqua came over to him. He froze again, but she just grinned at him.
“What’s your name, stranger? If you don’t want to say, that’s fine. But I’d rather know who fought by my side.”
He looked into her eyes, then. And he saw that her body was dead, but something lived in her. Garen hesitated, then took a chance. He held out a gloved hand, as he had seen Humans do.
“Garen.”
She took his hand and grinned. And that was how he became a Halfseeker, an adventurer in truth. And in time he would lose his mask, walk openly as a Goblin and she and the others would pit themselves against the Adventurer’s Guild and other adventurers for him. For that he would follow her for years, into battle, trying to be her greatest warrior. Because he owed her nothing less.
Yes, it was that smile which had captivated him. That look. The age in her voice, the feeling that she understood him despite their many differences. She was the Captain of the Halfseekers, someone he looked up to. Admired. The only being in the world that Garen had ever called his—his—
Chieftain—
