5.59
Page 3
Erin scowled. But Zevara was right. She hadn’t processed her one-sided punching bag experience, but the memory of trying to fight that muscular Goblin guy stuck with her. She rubbed at her mouth. It had been terrifying, trying to get past all the Goblins with only the five Redfangs shielding her.
But it had to be done. Jelaqua and the Halfseekers had been in danger. But she’d nearly died herself. If it happened again—could she risk her life like that? Was it smart? Was she an idiot? Erin sighed. She barely noticed Zevara getting up.
“If the Goblins come back to the city, Miss Solstice—”
“I’ll try and talk to them. But I don’t know what’s going on. I’m not opening that door to their cave until I know. Sorry.”
Zevara nodded. She strode off as Olesm sighed.
“I should get going too. I’d stay and talk, but—we’re at full alert. It’s nice seeing you, uh, Erin.”
He stood up awkwardly. Erin blinked up at him.
“Hey Olesm. How’re the defenses going?”
The Drake [Strategist] hesitated. He averted his gaze.
“I can’t say. Military secrets, Erin. We’re…doing good. We got reinforcements from Pallass and we’ve found homes for them. And uh, we’re meeting with Klbkch, checking the walls—it will be fine.”
The tone in his voice and his posture—not to mention his curled up tail—told Erin that was a dead lie. She stared at him and nodded.
“Okay, I won’t keep you.”
Olesm turned to go. Erin raised her voice.
“Olesm!”
He looked back at her. Erin smiled with more upbeat emotion than she actually felt.
“We’re uh, cool with the me punching you and you throwing me in jail, right?”
For a second Olesm stared, and then he grinned.
“We are. If you’re okay with it?”
“I liked prison food. And it’s a nice place when you get to know your cellmates.”
He grinned. Erin kept her smile until Olesm had hurried to the magic door and left. Then she sighed. She turned her head.
“Next!”
Someone else was already coming up to her. Dawil. The Dwarf slid into the vacant seat. He had a half-finished plate of pasta with him and was slurping down some noodles. The sauce got into his beard—well, part of his beard.
A good bit of hair was burnt off of Dawil’s face. His eyebrows, part of the hair on his head—and a lot of his beard. The sight of his chin and face was terribly disconcerting. Erin stared at Dawil, and then averted her gaze. The Dwarf sighed.
“Go on, look. And have a laugh, why don’t you. That bastard Pisces was laughing all day about it and the damned half-Elf—mine, not Ceria—wouldn’t leave me alone.”
“Are you okay? Does it hurt?”
Dawil shrugged. He scratched at his missing spots, where thick stubble was already growing. His voice held a note of complaint. Well, more like a symphony of complaints.
“It’s cold. But the healing potion did the burns right. I drank a hair-growing tonic, but it’ll be a week before my beard’s halfway decent. It’s not a problem compared to the shite we’re in, but it’s embarrassing more than anything else. But I didn’t come here to talk about hair to you, girl. We’re all in trouble, so I need to speak on behalf of the adventurers in Liscor. This is good pasta, by the way. Needs more meat, though.”
“I can have Lyonette cut up a steak if you want. Or some pork? A sausage?”
“Next time, maybe.”
Dawil slurped down more noodles as Erin finished her eggs. He wiped his mouth with a napkin—Erin used the back of her hand. The Dwarf was actually quite fastidious as he cleaned his beard. He even had his own utensils he packed into a small case—silver and gold filigree forks were a new concept to Erin. The Dwarf leaned back in his chair and looked up at Erin.
