5.59
Page 18
The Goblin kept glaring at Redscar. By now Redscar had heard the news. Garen was gone. He’d been overthrown by the strange five Hobs. He couldn’t help but think he knew them. But that didn’t matter to Spiderslicer. His grudge against Redscar was personal. The Goblin grunted.
“Have food.”
“Okay then.”
Erin stepped between the two. She looked at both, and then at one of the Hobs.
“If there’s not enough food, then we’ll just have to make more. Rabbiteater!”
Redscar jumped. Rabbiteater? He stared as one of the Hobs stood up. But Rabbiteater was a small Goblin! And this Hob who stood up looked—impressive. He had a cloak made of liquid and his armor looked pristine. He looked like…well, an adventurer. He had been filling a goblet from his cloak, and the liquid looked like blood. Or wine. He walked over as Erin waved at him.
“Rabbiteater, get Pebblesnatch and your people to grab all the fish they can out of the water. Watch out for Rock Crabs—tell them to make a fillet. Something simple. As for here, I’ve got a lot of food. The Goblins can come in and out.”
She directed Rabbiteater and the Hob nodded and walked out of the inn. Redscar stared at his back and then looked at the other. No. It couldn’t be. But then—he stared at their war paint, remembering the group of warriors that Garen had sent out of the tribe. His eyes widened.
“Headscratcher?”
One of the Hobs looked up. He stared at Redscar, and then got up slowly.
“Redscar?”
The two met. Erin came back from a quick conference with Pebblesnatch and her fancy chef’s hat to see Redscar surrounded by the other Redfangs, sans Spiderslicer, laughing in delight. She watched as the former Redfang second-in-command reunited with his old subordinates.
It was a lot of backslapping and quick Goblin chatter that Erin couldn’t follow, but the body language was good. The five clearly knew Redscar and held him in some esteem. For his part, the smaller Goblin looked surprised and then happy to see them. What she couldn’t understand was his relationship with the scowling Goblin called Spiderslicer. They were both Redfangs, but there was some serious beef between them. Numbtongue had to explain it in the end.
“Redfangs. We are all Redfangs. Redscar’s warriors and Spiderslicer’s. But our tribe split. They left with Rags. And they went with Garen, our old Chieftain.”
“Wow. They went with Rags over that Garen guy? And wait—that means those two are enemies?”
Numbtongue shook his head. Spiderslicer was walking towards Redscar, hand on the hilt of his sword.
“No. Yes. Not enemies. Redfangs are always Redfangs. Now we are all on the same side. We all…left Garen.”
“So what’s the problem?”
“Spiderslicer was the third-best fighter in all of the Redfang tribe.”
“Okay.”
“And Redscar is second-best in all of Redfang tribe. Or was until he left.”
“Oh. Now I get it.”
Erin wanted to roll her eyes as Spiderslicer snapped something and the other Redfangs fell silent. The Goblins who’d entered Erin’s inn grew quiet as the two Goblins stared each other down. Redscar put a hand on his sword’s hilt and Erin felt motivated to interject.
“Hey! I said no fighting!”
The two Goblins looked at her. Redscar looked at Spiderslicer, who growled something. The two looked at each other in tense silence, and then Redscar jerked his head. They began walking for the door.
“Wait, where are you going?”
Redscar paused to look at Erin.
“No fighting. In inn. So going out.”
Erin’s mouth opened, but Numbtongue grabbed her and whispered urgently to her.
“Will fight anyways. Has to fight. Redfangs have to know who is best.”
