5.59
Page 24
“I don’t think they are. I think they just know that there’s nothing to be gained from starting a fight right now.”
He looked at a group of Redfangs. They all turned back in their chairs. Seborn nodded to himself.
“They’ll eat. But they’re memorizing our faces.”
“Let them.”
Jelaqua stared at her mostly untouched plate. She pushed it back and looked at the other two. Only now, a few hours into the night, did she finally bring up the topic they’d danced around.
“So. What he said.”
“I don’t believe it. How could Halassia do that? She always believed in the best of us.”
“She was a Drake, Moore.”
“They cast her out of their city. They called her cursed!”
The half-Giant looked distressed as he shifted, trying to sit upright. Jelaqua put a paw on his leg.
“Keep still. Healer’s orders.”
Reluctantly, he did. Seborn stared ahead.
“It doesn’t matter if they hated her. She was a patriot. So was Ukrina in her own way. They loved their cities. And they lived through the Second Antinium War, Moore. They grew up with that devastation. What do you think they would have done if they met Ksmvr? Remember how we never stopped at Liscor when we went from north to south?”
“Yeah. We’d take a ship and do guard duty instead, never mind how boring it was.”
“Even so.”
Moore looked down at his bowl. Jelaqua sighed.
“He might have been lying.”
“Do you think he was?”
“What, Garen? No. He’s a terrible liar. He might have exaggerated, or twisted what happened, but I can imagine it.”
The Selphid fell silent. She traced on the table.
“It was Ukrina and Halassia, definitely. They’re Drakes. The Goblin King matters to them. To the others too, but you know Keilam wouldn’t say anything outright. And Thornst was new. He’d be keeping quiet. So it was them.”
“Why did they provoke him? Why not wait? He was offering the information. Why did they push him that far? Surely they did. Or was it him?”
Moore whispered. Seborn shook his head.
“I don’t know. They were right, though.”
The other two looked at him. Moore’s jaw dropped in astonishment.
“How can you say that, Seborn?”
The Drowned Man looked up.
“What? It’s a Goblin King. If I was with them, I would agree. One cannot reappear again.”
“Of course, but that’s not—”
Seborn gritted his teeth.
“Garen was in the wrong. He attacked them.”
“But if they were threatening to hurt him—”
“He. Attacked. Them. I remember what I saw. It was murder.”
“Seborn. Enough.”
Jelaqua interrupted him. The Drowned Man sat back, simmering. He sipped from the hard spirits in his mug, then drank down the water in another tankard. Drowned People had to watch out for dehydration on land, and that went double when drinking. Jelaqua waited until both he and Moore had relaxed a bit to go on.
“They should have waited for the rest of us. Regardless of anything else, they should have waited.”
No one had anything to say to that. Moore looked down and put his bowl on the table, no longer hungry. Seborn kept drinking. Jelaqua thought. At last, her lips twitched. The two looked at her, but it wasn’t a happy smile. It was bitter. Jelaqua looked up at the two of them.
“It doesn’t matter what we would have done. But think of it this way, Seborn. Even if we all agreed that the Goblin King’s treasure was too dangerous to give to the Goblins—what is it? Is it just a magic weapon or is it something else? We’d have to find out, and bring Garen with us, probably. Especially if the treasure is something only a Goblin could find.”
“True. So what?”
Jelaqua shook her head.
