5.59
Page 32
A party. When all that had happened and was going to happen was in the air, they’d had a party. Ceria rubbed at her head. It was an Erin thing. But somehow, it was fitting. There had been a truce. She went from table to table, trying to find where her teammates had passed out. She found Ksmvr lying under a chair, moaning about water as some dripped from a cup onto his head. She decided he was fine. Then she looked for Yvlon. She found Pisces instead.
The [Necromancer] was sitting at a table, wine cup in hand. He was murmuring to himself. Ceria went to take the cup away. Pisces let her. She lifted him up.
“Come on, Pisces. To your bed. I can’t carry Ksmvr without Yvlon, but you’re light enough.”
“I resent that…Springwalker. I was deep—immersed in my thoughts. Creating art, if you must know. A reflection of this moment. In celebration.”
Pisces’ breath was full of wine. Ceria, none too steady herself, dragged him to the steps, avoiding a sleeping Hob.
“Oh yeah? Tell me another one.”
“If you insist. It is an opus of sorts, however unpolished. Ahem.”
Pisces cleared his throat. Ceria turned to tell him she didn’t want to hear, but it was too late. He began speaking softly. And perhaps it was her inebriation, but the poem was quiet and pleasing to the ear in the silence punctuated by soft footsteps and snores.
 
“What madness, what fright!
A terrible, glorious sight!
When traitor fled and Goblins rode
And came to rest, here on nowhere’s road
A strange thing happened; an inn they stayed
Where Antinium danced and Goblins played
Oh, how I wish I’d stayed
But too quick the night stole by
And I,
Had to bid the day goodbye
On this, a springtime
Miraculous night.”
 
He broke off, swaying, and Ceria stopped. She looked at him.
“That wasn’t half bad.”
“You think so? Ah, but I knew so.”
Pisces grinned blearily at her. Ceria rolled her eyes.
“Yes, yes. Don’t let it go to your head. Who did you steal that from?”
“As a matter of fact…”
The two went up the stairs, arguing quietly. The last of the Goblins fell asleep now that the noisy Humans were gone. They slept where they’d fallen, full to bursting, filled with alcohol, and, strangest of all, feeling safe.
Safe. What a word. They were camped beneath a Drake city with the Goblin Lord and Humans hot on their heels. But…tonight had been a reprieve. A special moment. For a little bit, for one night in their lives, Goblins had been people and people weren’t any better than Goblins.
It was indeed a miracle. Or perhaps a changing of opinions.
A much quieter Human listened to Ceria and Pisces go upstairs. Erin Solstice looked around at the slumbering Goblins. It would be a problem tomorrow. It might be a problem in two hours, when the sun rose. She didn’t know what to do. Still. It wasn’t as if dancing or drinking could solve the real crisis ahead of her. And yet, she couldn’t regret tonight. It was needed.
One good night. Erin walked into her kitchen. She lay down and sighed. She dreaded tomorrow and hoped it would never come. But she knew it would. But at least tonight, she savored forever and let the night stretch on into one eternal, immortal moment.
 
[Magical Innkeeper Level 37!]
 

