5.59
Page 7
“Oh yeah. Lots of muscle fiber, great condition—a few pests, but they were mostly dead and I got rid of the rest. My main complaint is that this body’s a bit too bulky for my tastes, but hell, the nose works wonders. The only thing is that I can’t go in Liscor without causing a panic. I nearly got stabbed by a Gnoll [Guardsman]—and that was just at the gate.”
“You are wearing a Raskghar’s body.”
“Yup. But there’s a shortage of other bodies, so what can you do?”
Jelaqua spread her paws in a Human shrug. Erin stared at her and the Selphid grinned weakly, another very disturbing sight.
“Sorry. I’m a bit mixed up after yesterday. I…took a few hits to my body.”
“I saw.”
“No, I mean my real body.”
“Oh. Is it bad? Did you heal up?”
Jelaqua hesitated.
“It’s not quite that simple. But yeah, I’m doing okay. I think. Look, about last night. You really can’t tell anyone—anything. Not that it happened, okay?”
“What happened?”
The Selphid eyed Erin and nodded.
“It’s just really important, okay, Erin? Really important.”
“I got it. Lips sealed. About nothing.”
The Gold-rank adventurer nodded, but she was clearly still uneasy. She scratched at her neck again. Erin wondered if one of the pests had been fleas. She saw Mrsha staring at Jelaqua as she slunk around Lyonette, who was giving Jelaqua much the same look.
“Jelaqua. I wonder if it would be a good idea for you to say hi to Ishkr and Mrsha. Maybe that would make them feel better. Or would it make them feel worse?”
The Selphid grimaced.
“It can’t hurt. Showing them it’s me rather than my body usually helps. I had the same problem with bodies I got from executed criminals. I’ll have a word later.”
“Thanks. Uh—how’s Moore and Seborn?”
The Raskghar’s expression softened in a way that was true to Jelaqua. She looked towards the stairs.
“Resting. Moore’s too weak to get out of bed—or eat anything other than liquids. Thanks for all the soup.”
“No problem. What about Seborn?”
“He’s better. He just lost blood. But he’s not talking to me. I think he’s angry about what happened.”
“At you?”
Jelaqua shook her head.
“At himself. For letting Garen get away. He was right in front of us. But we choked up. And he spared us.”
Erin stared at Jelaqua.
“And how do you feel?”
The Selphid smiled with the Raskghar’s mouth.
“Me? It’s over and done with. Garen lost his tribe. They told him to his face he was a traitor and he ran off. I’m alive, and so is Moore and Seborn. And we know a bit more of—of what happened that day. It’s all we can ask for, Erin.”
She kept smiling as Erin studied her. She was lying. But she did it with a smile, and Erin felt like pushing Jelaqua would be the worst of ideas. So she let it drop.
“You just let me know if you need anything, alright?”
“Sure thing. I’ll just have a few drinks, reassure the Gnolls, and check on the others.”
Jelaqua smiled. Erin smiled too, and tried to ignore the sense of roiling emotions she was getting from the Selphid. If anyone was close to exploding…she made a note to keep Jelaqua away from Relc if he stopped by. Or Pisces. Or Revi. Erin stood up to accompany Jelaqua in case any of the Gnolls freaked out—or she did—
And then it happened. Erin’s head turned to the right. She stared straight towards the north wall and she felt a tingle go down her spine. They were coming. And they were coming here. It wasn’t a bad sense, not like it had been whenever her [Dangersense] went off. No, it was more like a certainty at the back of her mind. They were coming, and they were tired and hungry and desperate.
