5.59
Page 19
“Yeah, but they’ll kill each other!”
“No. They won’t use their own swords. Spiderslicer broke his falchion and Redscar has an enchanted blade. It won’t be fair, so they’ll use other weapons.”
“Well that’s a relief—”
“They’ll use ordinary swords instead.”
“What?”
The fight went down on a hill close to Erin’s inn. She stood outside the inn with a crowd of adventurers. And Goblins. They stood there, eating and watching as the two Goblins stood in a circle of Redfang warriors. The two were using steel blades, shortswords of identical length. Unenchanted, as Numbtongue had said. But they were sharp and metal.
“They’re going to kill each other.”
Erin put her hands on her head. Earlia, who was snacking on some french fries, shook her head.
“Nah, not if they have healing potions. Sparring can be lethal, but it’s not bad if there’s potions nearby. The real injuries happen when you sever a limb or poke out an eye. Or crush bones. But experts can usually avoid that. Hey, anyone care for a bet?”
Heads turned. Pisces drifted over.
“I could back a few wagers. What’re the odds?”
“Redscar will win. Second-best.”
Headscratcher folded his arms. Shorthilt shook his head dismissively.
“Not certain. Redscar is best on Thunderfur. Riding. But Spiderslicer fights best on ground.”
“Spiderslicer doesn’t have falchion.”
Rabbiteater pointed that fact out. The other Redfangs nodded. Revi, staring down at the commotion, looked around.
“The one with the spider name looks good to me. Put two gold pieces on him, Pisces.”
“Oh come now, Revi. Surely you can stand a larger bet. Fifty gold on the spider fellow, young Pisces. How much will that earn me?”
Typhenous chuckled. Pisces looked up as the other adventurers whistled.
“I’ll give you even odds on both sides for the moment. Any takers?”
A clamor of voices arose and Pisces began to take money or vocal bets from other sides. Erin looked disgusted as some of the Goblins began to offer Pisces bits of food as well, or coins of their own. Then she saw a dour looking face appear at Pisces’ back. Erin drifted closer just in time to hear Halrac speak to Pisces.
“Two hundred gold on the one with the scar.”
Pisces paused. He glanced at Halrac, and immediately adjusted the odds to favor Redscar. Erin slapped her forehead. The [Scout] met her eyes and shrugged.
The fight went down independent of the betting around The Wandering Inn. Spiderslicer and Redscar advanced slowly. They didn’t touch weapons or nod to each other. They just waited a beat, and then tried to stab each other to death. Or at least, that was what Erin made of it. She couldn’t watch the entire thing; every time they leaned back and avoided a close cut or worse, cut each other, she had to cover her eyes. They were indeed careful—but only to avoid killing each other. Blood soon ran in the mud and Erin heard the shouts from outside.
It was over in minutes, which was a surprise to everyone who’d expected a quick match. Both Goblins trooped into the inn, having healed their wounds. Spiderslicer followed Redscar into the inn and sat at the same table as the scarred Goblin. He seemed…calmer now. Erin eyed both Goblins but couldn’t tell who’d won at a glance.
“Well?”
She walked over to a table of adventurers. And Headscratcher and Shorthilt. Halrac was drinking and counting the coins that Pisces had sullenly paid out—the [Necromancer] had taken a loss thanks to the big bet—and the others were animatedly discussing the fight. Bevussa looked up.
“Those Goblins are good!”
