5.59
Page 20
“Beyond good, I’d say. They actually look like they know swordsmanship. They’re better than almost all the Silver-rank adventurers I see practicing. Some of the Gold-rank ones, too.”
Earlia grumbled into her mug. She looked disgruntled, almost uneasy. Pisces nodded, sniffing knowledgably.
“Their form is impeccable. The one called Redscar is clearly better than Spiderslicer, but both had superior posture, timing, and a modicum of grace. It was certainly a battle worth watching.”
“From Goblins.”
“Don’t underestimate them.”
Halrac admonished the other adventurers. Typhenous, who was sadly drinking from his mug, looked up at Halrac.
“You’re keen-eyed, Halrac. Share your insights with us. How would you rate them on a purely technical level against someone of say, Ylawes’ caliber?”
He glanced slyly at the [Knight], who was sitting stiffly at a table and looking at the Goblins around him. Yvlon was sitting across from her brother, clearly displeased. But the two were talking. Halrac eyed Ylawes. He grunted.
“No comment.”
“Oh come on, Halrac.”
“I don’t gossip about my peers. Especially if what I say will get back to them and ruffle feathers.”
“Hold on, you don’t mean—”
The adventurers and Goblins sat forwards at the table. Halrac folded his arms. Erin rolled her eyes. She passed by their table and circulated the room.
A dozen conversations were happening in different spots at once. Erin saw Noears sitting at another table near the magic door, clearly studying it, Hobgoblins bickering over food with smaller Goblins—and adventurers, cautiously eating and watching them. But she wasn’t interested in them. She found one Goblin sitting with a group of female Goblins—at least, they all looked female to Erin.
Poisonbite looked up suspiciously as Erin grabbed a chair and scooted over. The young woman stared up at a large Hob with a helmet still on her head. The Hob stared down at Erin. She smiled.
“Hi.”
Then Erin looked at Poisonbite. The small Goblin stared up at her.
“What?”
“I’m told you know Rags.”
All the female Goblins stared hard at Erin. She raised her hands.
“Hey, I’m not trying to start anything. But I knew her. Before she became your Chieftain. I think. She used to stay at this inn. She was…a friend.”
The Goblins kept staring. Poisonbite looked at the others.
‘You knew Chieftain?”
“A little bit. But she never spoke. I don’t think she knew how. And she definitely didn’t have a big tribe. Heck, at first I don’t think she had a tribe. She was just…Rags. How did she end up leading such a huge army?”
Erin’s question provoked a minor furor among the Goblins. Poisonbite hit the table with the butt of her knife and glared.
“Not army. Tribe. Flooded Waters tribe.”
“Sorry. But can you tell me about her? What was she like? How is she doing? Is she…okay? I heard she was missing.”
“Chieftain is alive.”
Poisonbite said it instantly. She glared at Erin as if hinting otherwise was tantamount to treason. She raised her voice.
“Chieftain is smart! Cunning! She rebelled from Tremborag of the Mountain. Fought [Emperor]! Defeated pink-death [Knights]! Spoke to him. Greybeard!”
“Greybeard.”
The other Goblins nodded conspiratorially and stared at Erin. She looked around blankly.
“Rags did all that? Rags?”
“Yes. She is our Chieftain. Worthy. You should know.”
Poisonbite sneered down at Erin. The young woman nodded.
“I should. So tell me.”
The smaller Goblin hesitated. She looked uncertain. Then the Hob with the helmet spoke. She rumbled and Erin jumped.
