5.59
Page 31
“Shouldn’t I? He’ll be part of the bloodshed, Ylawes.”
That made him hesitate. Ylawes took another drink from his cup.
“He is part of the army. He must cooperate or be seen as dishonorable. You can see the integrity in his decision—”
Yvlon tossed the contents of her mug at Ylawes. He dodged it and an unhappy Goblin shook a fist at both of them. Yvlon snapped.
“You’re unbelievable. Integrity? Father threw out centuries of our family’s friendship with the Reinharts. You want to talk about honor, Ylawes?”
He held still, face red, but looking serious.
“No one is perfect, Yvlon. We try. I have seen a lot which has changed my mind, but the facts cannot themselves change. Liscor will be under siege and I think you and I both know it will fall. Please think on what I’ve said. If not for yourself, then for your team.”
“Ksmvr’s Antinium.”
“But he is your team. And if you convinced Erin to go with you—”
“What about Selys? Mrsha? The others? Will you take them all as prisoners, Ylawes?”
The [Knight] shook his head.
“I could order you to go. I am your brother and I outrank you.”
Yvlon raised her middle finger. Ylawes sat up straight with shock.
“Shove this up your ass, Ylawes. I’m not a [Knight] and adventurers don’t follow military command. That’s Drakes you’re thinking of. And I’m not your little sister. I’m a member of the Horns and I refuse to—”
“Alright Gangnam style! Follow me, everyone!”
Yvlon and Ylawes both looked left. They stared as Erin pranced across the room, doing a dance the armored woman could only describe as a horse prancing crossed with a wagon driver flapping his reins. Yvlon stared as Erin crossed the inn, singing a nonsensical song and dancing that ridiculous dance. Ylawes watched with open mouth as Erin showed the other Goblins how to do it.
The entire inn came to a standstill as they watched Erin lead the Goblins, Drassi (and a few of the Antinium) across the floor doing the iconic dance. Dawil laughed so hard that he fell out of his chair and couldn’t stand up for a good three minutes.
“What in the name of silver was…”
Ylawes shook his head, coming out of his trance. He looked at his sister and saw her getting up.
“Yvlon! Where are you going? We haven’t finished this discussion.”
“I’m going to try that dance.”
“That?”
Ylawes looked aghast. Yvlon smiled.
“Why not? And the answer is no, Ylawes.”
“This isn’t over.”
The [Knight] vowed as he got up. Yvlon stared at him. Then she turned her head.
“You can’t force me to change my mind, Ylawes. I’m with my team.”
She walked off. Ylawes saw her tap Ceria on the shoulder and try to drag the half-Elf onto the dance floor. Embarrassment hated company, but it couldn’t do without. He sat back down.
“I can’t force you to change your mind, but I promised I’d keep you safe.”
The [Knight] muttered to himself. He watched Yvlon and then shook his head. They called this dancing? It was…well, he might have given it a shot. If there weren’t so many witnesses. Or if Dawil wasn’t watching. The Dwarf still hadn’t stopped laughing.
 
—-
 
As all things happened, it ended. Goblins fell asleep. In piles. Outside. Adventurers went to their beds. Erin stumbled about, trying not to step on bodies. And the adventurers looked at each other, deep into their cups. Not a little bit drunk, but still high on the remnants of the party.
