5.59
Page 25
“We’d have gone to get it and decided afterwards what to do. It would have probably taken multiple Gold-rank teams and maybe even Named Adventurers. The High Passes. Dead gods. But we would have gone looking for it. That’s what Ukrina and Halassia didn’t understand. Either way…”
Moore went pale. Seborn stared at Jelaqua for a long moment. Then he cursed and looked around.
“I need another drink. Drassi!”
He waved a hand. The Drake saw it and nodded. Seborn waited, but instead of his drink, someone else wandered over. All three Halfseekers froze as a Goblin with a scar on his face walked over. He sat at their table without asking and looked at them.
“Redscar. Second to Garen. Second strongest in Redfang tribe.”
It was an introduction, however curt. Redscar eyed the Halfseekers, and Jelaqua knew that he knew how many Goblins from his tribe they’d killed. She eyed the enchanted sword at his side and remembered the flails in her room. Seborn shifted and she knew he was checking the positions of his daggers. Moore reached out.
“Seborn.”
“Not here to fight.”
Redscar looked at Seborn as he said that. The [Rogue] stopped.
“What do you want?”
The Goblin waited as Drassi came by with another mug and took Seborn’s old one. He looked at the two of them.
“Garen. He talked about old team to me.”
The Halfseekers looked up sharply. Moore tried to sit up again.
“He did?”
“Sometimes. When drank. Very few times.”
“What did he say?”
Jelaqua looked at Redscar. The Goblin shrugged.
“Sometimes said about how strong. Or one of them. Cunning [Rogue]. Strong [Green Mage]. Brave Captain. Drake made of ash who was beautiful. Sometimes curse and throw things. Sometimes old stories.”
He gestured, indicating the others. The Halfseekers were silent. Redscar looked at them.
“Heard from Spiderslicer what did. Traitor. Betray tribe.”
“We were a team. Not a tribe.”
Redscar shrugged as if to say ‘same thing’. He looked at Jelaqua, then Seborn, and then Moore. He hesitated, then came out with it.
“Was he good? Good teammate? Good…adventurer? Before?”
The three looked at him. Jelaqua saw a bit of anxiety in Redscar’s eyes. And it wasn’t about the Goblins they’d killed. It was about something simpler. His question. He was asking—was Garen a good teammate? Had he told the truth? Was anything true?
It would be so easy to crush those fragile hopes. To tell the truth, but in such a way that Garen became a monster completely in the eyes of his tribe. And part of Jelaqua wanted to. She saw Moore hesitate and close his mouth. Seborn was stirring. She met his eyes and said not a word. The Drowned Man opened his mouth. He hesitated, looked at Redscar, and shook his head.
“Was he a good adventurer? He was a terrible one. He betrayed his team. He could barely read. He got us into more trouble than any of our other teammates just by walking around the city.”
Redscar sagged a bit in his chair. Seborn went on, bitterly.
“Adventurers started fights with him, he got arrested, started panics—if he’d started any of it himself we’d have kicked him out from the start. But he never did. And he was strong. Aside from Jelaqua, he was the best in the group. When he found that enchanted blade, he became our front line.”
Jelaqua looked up. She saw Moore’s head raise. Seborn made a disgusted sound.
“Bastard. I nearly lost an arm twice thanks to him and I had a rope around my neck one time. We were nearly lynched.”
