5.59
Page 23
Yvlon glared at her brother. He returned her look, sitting stiffly in his chair. Noears cackled.
“No, good point! Good point! Fair is fair. Goblins do wrong, get killed. So. Here.”
He slapped something on the table in front of Ylawes. The [Knight] blinked.
“What is this?”
Two filthy gold coins lay on the table. Noears grinned at him.
“Anyone who wants coins cuts off your ears. Don’t have to die either. Free coin! Fair is fair.”
He cackled and lightning flickered from the tips of his claws. Falene eyed Noears as Ylawes flushed. Yvlon bit her lip and Ceria saw she was trying not to laugh. Ksmvr eyed Ylawes.
“Monetarily, would it make sense to—”
“Shut up, Ksmvr.”
Dawil chortled. The mood at the table relaxed a tiny bit, odd as that seemed. Falene indicated Noears’ claws circumspectly.
“Mister…Noears. Are you a [Aeromancer]?”
“What?”
Noears stared at the half-Elf. Falene hesitated.
“A [Lightning Mage]?”
“Oh! Yes!”
The Goblin grinned. He shot more sparks of electricity, blackening the table. A few struck Ylawes’ armor and Yvlon’s gauntlets. Both winced. Dawil, who’d sensibly gone without his armor, swore and threw a piece of bread at Noears anyways.
“Cut that out, you no-eared bastard!”
Ceria sucked in her breath, but the Goblins at Noears’ table including him laughed. It was a genuine laugh, and Noears relented. He nodded at Falene, who’d deflected a few of the sparks meant for her.
“Lightning mage! Yes! Practiced with spells. Can shoot lightning.”
Falene shook her head, looking unhappily surprised.
“Fascinating. It was speculated that a Goblin could learn magic, but one of your level is…unprecedented. However, your control of mana is wildly inefficient. And the spells are twisted.”
“Yep. Look better that way.”
Noears agreed happily. Falene sighed.
“I don’t suppose there are any Goblins with a more complete grasp of magic? General magic? Not just a single school?”
Noears looked blankly at the [Battle Mage]. He scratched at his head.
“What, like stupid magic? Lifting rocks and things?”
Ceria snorted some ale out of her nose. Falene gave her a long look as the younger half-Elf wiped her nose. Ceria ignored her. She hesitated and looked at Noears, then raised her mug.
“Hey. You do lightning magic? I’m an [Ice Mage].”
Noears brightened. He looked inquiringly at Ceria and she raised her hand. The Goblins oohed as Ceria coated her hand and arm in a layer of ice, her new spell. Noears responded by making a little ball of electricity which he shot at Ceria. She deflected it with her ice-covered hand. Falene sighed loudly.
“Elementalists.”
 
—-
 
At another table, no laughter of any kind was going on, and the tension was of a different kind. Moore sat gingerly at the table—on the ground since there were no chairs built for his weight. He was surrounded by pillows that supported his back and allowed him to lean back a bit. He was eating gingerly. The other two sitting at his table, Jelaqua and Seborn, ate very little, but they’d been drinking into their cups.
“I can’t believe those Redfangs don’t hold a grudge. We killed a lot of them.”
Jelaqua spoke quietly after a few minutes of silence. Moore looked up.
“I asked Erin about it. She said they’re not happy, but apparently it was because they were fighting under Garen. His problems aren’t the tribe’s problems. So they let it go. They’re quite stoic about some things. It is surprising.”
“I don’t know how they do it.”
Jelaqua stared into her mug. The sight of a huge Raskghar hunched over was eerie, but the other two had learned to look beyond form. Seborn grunted.
