5.59
Page 27
Of course, they’d come under the hills first. Goblins shouted in alarm and backed up. Many didn’t recognize the strangers, but they didn’t need to know the Antinium to be wary. They raced towards the inn as Pawn and a group of Painted Soldiers walked out of the darkness. The [Acolyte] swung a censer and the Painted Soldiers walked ahead of him. But something was strange.
“They are Antinium. Not a threat. They are guests of the inn.”
Numbtongue insisted as Redscar stared down at the Antinium. The Goblin looked extremely doubtful, but he whistled and the Redscar warriors backed up and quieted their growling Carn Wolves. The Goblins drew back, and Erin, who’d come to see, peered down at the Antinium.
“They didn’t come through Liscor. I wonder why?”
“They probably don’t want to walk through the barricades. But there’s still water down there. Aren’t they nervous? They could slip and fall.”
Ceria appeared at Erin’s side. The young woman peered down.
“No, they’ve got a light and Pawn’s taking a good path. But—is that a lantern he’s swinging?”
The half-Elf’s eyes narrowed.
“No. That’s not a lantern. That’s a…what is that? It’s that burning thing you had him make.”
“His censer. It’s glowing.”
Erin breathed softly. The censer was indeed glowing. It was a soft yellow light, and it had seemed exactly like a lantern at first. But the light was too pure and it never wavered. The Antinium shook it and it lit up the area in front of him as he and the Painted Solders—eleven or so—walked towards the inn, past the staring Goblins.
“An enchantment? It has to be an artifact. Did they get it spelled somehow? But who would—no. Wait.”
Ceria’s voice faltered. She stared down at Pawn. Erin heard her gulp.
“Ceria? What is it?”
“There’s no magic. I can’t see it coming from the lantern.”
“What?”
Erin looked down. The censer was glowing, just like a light spell. Only, it wasn’t like a light spell, was it? The censer was glowing, not an orb of light. And Antinium couldn’t cast magic. At least, Pawn couldn’t. Ceria looked pale.
“How is he doing that? How—”
“I think it’s faith.”
“What?”
The Goblins looked at Erin. She nodded and stared at Pawn. She could hear it now. A faint click. The Painted Soldiers were marching rhythmically. And every ninth step, their mandibles would click together.
Click.
It was a hypnotic, gentle procession up the hill. And the light reminded her of…well, it reminded her of something. Erin stood with her noisy inn behind her and watched Pawn approaching. She whispered.
“Faith made manifest.”
“Then it is not faith, is it?”
Ceria looked suspiciously at Erin. The young woman turned.
“No. I suppose it’s not. In that case, I guess you’d call it…religion.”
The half-Elf opened her mouth to tell Erin the gods were dead. But then she looked down and realized there were no gods there. Just the Antinium. And the censer, humble though it was, small though it was, glowed. Any Tier 0 spell could do the same, and make light just as bright or brighter. But it wasn’t magic. And that made Ceria wonder.
 
—-
 
“Attention everyone! These are Antinium! They’re guests! No one scream or stab them! Thank you!”
Erin clapped her hands together. The Goblins looked up, stared at the Antinium, and kept stuffing their faces.
“Thank you, Erin.”
Pawn leaned his censer on a stick against a table as the Soldiers sat in the provided chairs. Erin saw Lyonette coming over with some hot, gluten-free food and smiled.
“It’s great to see you, Pawn.”
