5.59
Page 16
Keldrass spat a few wisps of flame. He stared at the door, fists clenched. He looked around.
“We’re about to be under siege from the Goblin Lord and the Humans and she’s letting them in! We just fought with Goblins! Killed them!”
“Did you expect anything else from her, Keldrass? And yeah, we killed them. They tore us up. If they’re not holding a grudge, I won’t. Not against them, at any rate.”
Jelaqua rolled her eyes. She looked at the half-Giant clutching his side.
“Moore, you want to go through? We can stay somewhere else or go to our rooms if—”
“I’m going through.”
The half-Giant shook his head and walked through the door. Keldrass made a sound of fury.
“This is an outrage. If we weren’t—”
He broke off, eying Olesm. The [Strategist] looked suspiciously at Keldrass and the Drake cleared his throat.
“—That is, I refuse to enter that inn. And Erin Solstice is courting arrest or worse by letting the Goblins into her establishment, even if it is outside of Liscor’s jurisdiction! The doorway is connected to the city!”
“True. We need to close it off once everyone’s through. But it’s not that big of a risk.”
Olesm nodded to Zevara, Embria, and the small army of soldiers and guardsmen gathered around the doorway. The odds of the Goblins forcing their way into the city was remote at this moment. Keldrass growled and Embria frowned.
“Still, isn’t this a good chance to…?”
She subtly indicated the door with a nod of her head. Olesm’s stomach twisted up. Zevara frowned.
“You think all of the Goblin’s leaders are in one spot?”
“Maybe. Watch Captain, this is an opportunity. If you want to risk it…”
The two Drakes looked at each other. Zevara gritted her teeth.
“Maybe we should check first. Send reconnaissance. Olesm, you’re on good terms with Erin. Go through, check the Goblins.”
“I can’t, Watch Captain.”
Olesm shuffled his feet miserably. Zevara looked at him and her brows snapped together.
“That was an order, Olesm. I know you have personal feelings, but—”
“It’s not that, Zevara. I can’t go through that door. Can you?”
The Watch Captain stared at Olesm. Then she stared at the doorway. Olesm heard Embria snort.
“What are you talking about? Of course we…”
She trailed off. The crowd gathered around the door looked at each other. They began to realize what Olesm had picked up on. Zevara stared at her feet.
“I can’t walk towards the door.”
“Me neither.”
“Or me.”
Olesm confirmed it. None of the [Soldiers] or [Guards] or adventurers like Keldrass could enter the inn. There were a few exceptions. Bevussa walked forwards, frowning.
“I’m fine. Look, see?”
She walked through the door, walked back, and then opened and closed the door a few times. Pisces appeared in the doorframe after the third time.
“You’re letting the cool air in. Please refrain from doing that.”
He shut the door. The others stared at the shut door. Aside from Bevussa, Mrsha, and Krshia, none of the others could open it. The real question they began debating was why.
“It has to be her aura skill. Erin told me she had one. And she’s using it now, I think. The door’s her property and you heard what she said. Only Goblins and people who can be civil to Goblins are allowed inside.”
Miserably, Olesm stared at the door. He bet they could overcome the effects, but it would be detrimental to anyone going through. They’d have to fight just to stay in the inn. Embria scowled.
“Only Goblins? That’s racist.”
“Speciesist, you mean.”
“It’s ridiculous! She’s using an aura skill against us? And it’s not—I’m a Wing Commander—I can’t be held back by this!”
