5.59
Page 2
Octavia had a wonderful mixture that dissolved undesirable objects slowly. It was enough to keep the outhouses from needing to be emptied, and a lot of fresh-smelling herbs did the rest of the job. Erin looked at the bundle of herbs that Lyonette had placed just the other day. Not having to tend to the outhouse herself was another perk of being the boss.
Now, what did the evolving and dynamic nature of Erin’s restroom facilities have to do with today or recent events? Nothing. But Erin sat on the toilet for a good while. She had a feeling she was going to be busy if the faces that had been waiting for her were any indication. And she wanted to delay work as long as possible. She managed to hold out five minutes before she decided to go back. After all, she was mostly responsible and over half the people waiting on her were her friends.
And they were coming. Erin’s head turned north. She stared at the place where the mountain ranges parted to let travellers come through the pass. It was slightly obscured by a tall hill, but she saw no signs of movement. Yet. She shook her head and walked back to her inn.
“Erin!”
The first person to hurry up to Erin was Olesm. She smiled at him, and her face fell as she looked at Zevara. Erin threw a mock salute as she walked over to their table. The Drake Watch Captain eyed her.
“Human.”
“Hey, Zevara. Olesm. What’s up?”
“Where are the Goblins now? What do you know about their status? Will they attack the city? I’ve heard the report from the Gold-rank teams. Ignoring the fact that they were carrying one of your magical doorways north for now, explain to me how twenty thousand Cave Goblins and this new tribe aren’t a threat?”
Erin blinked at Zevara. Not even a hello. The Watch Captain looked anxious, if her swishing tail was anything to go by. Erin sat down and waved at Drassi.
“Hey Drassi, can I have some of our scrambled eggs?”
She waited until she got a wave and a smile from Drassi. Then she looked at Zevara.
“I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t know, and I think they’re not a threat. Jelaqua said the old Chieftain ran away.”
“Garen Redfang. A traitorous former Gold-rank adventurer who slaughtered four of his former teammates. And nearly did for the other three. How is his absence supposed to reassure me?”
“Well, he’s not leading his tribe. Ooh, thanks Drassi.”
Erin picked up a fork. Zevara eyed her as if she’d gladly grab the fork and poke it into Erin’s eye.
“His tribe is still there. Or we assume so. They’re dangerous.”
“Yeah, but Headscratcher and the others are with them. They’re nice.”
The two Drakes exchanged a look as Erin began eating breakfast. Olesm coughed.
“So you’re saying we should hope that they move on, Erin?”
“Hm. Yeah?”
Erin looked up. The Drakes stared at her, one with wrath, the other appalled. The [Innkeeper] shrugged.
“Look, what other choice is there? What do you expect me to do about it? Open the door to the Goblin cave and solve everything myself?”
Zevara and Olesm didn’t meet Erin’s eyes, which told her that was exactly what they’d hoped she’d do. The young woman scowled.
“Tempting as that is, I don’t know those particular Goblins. And I don’t want to get my brains punched out again. Did you hear that I lost some teeth? Do they look weird to you?”
She showed them her teeth. Zevara sighed.
“They’re fine. Hearing about that was the only amusing news I’ve gotten all day. It was about time someone kicked your teeth in, with how many fights you seem to escape unscathed.”
“I let other people hit things for me. And I’m good at ducking.”
