5.60
Page 20
“It seems natural to me. If Thomast died I would find his killer and make them suffer for all eternity. If a Drake sent by the Walled Cities killed him—I would do exactly the same.”
She looked back, smiling, at Magnolia, but the look in her eyes reflected that promise. Magnolia sighed and Ressa shook her head.
“You two are alike in that, Bethal. But mark my words: I will not allow war. I will not allow Tyrion to drag down this continent for his own selfish reasons. He alone does not control the fate of Izril. And I have at least one trick up my sleeves to stop him.”
“Well, since I am part of that trick, I’d better tell Thomast.”
Bethal sighed lightly. She turned and nodded to Ressa.
“It’s been fun, Ressa. Until we next meet.”
She walked from the room. Magnolia stood there, sipping from her tea cup. Then she raised it.
“Throw that and I will be upset.”
Ressa spoke behind her. Magnolia lowered the tea cup and looked at her [Maid].
“This is an unfortunate situation, Ressa. It will be messy. Even with this, he might go forwards. And if it happens that way—”
“War?”
“Oh, terrible war.”
Magnolia sighed. She looked down into the dregs of her cup, at the sugar and tea gathered there. Then she shook her head.
“I hope Erin Solstice is alright. She lives right next to the city, doesn’t she? Funny, I’d heard of her attempts to protect Goblins. And now an army is marching on her. If only she had more time, perhaps she could have made a difference. But I fear that this isn’t a matter of Goblins any longer.”
“You think she could have made a difference?”
“Perhaps she has. Perhaps. Time will tell. The Antinium, Goblins, Liscor, she may make a difference there. But in a war, what can one person do?”
Magnolia turned to Ressa. The [Maid] raised one eyebrow. She tapped Magnolia lightly on the chest and looked pointedly at her.
“Everything?”
And the Lady Reinhart smiled, a touch sadly.
“Not alone.”
 
—-
 
Rags walked alone. Not alone in the sense of physical presences; she was surrounded by several hundred Goblins. Hobs, regular warriors, Pyrite, and Ulvama. But alone in the sense of her tribe. She could feel them south of her. But they were far distant and she was too far behind.
They were marching towards the High Passes. Towards Liscor. The mountains loomed ahead of them and the Goblins were footsore and weary. They’d barely paused since they’d begun walking this morning. Only today had Pyrite recovered enough to move. Until now they’d had to drag him on a makeshift sled and that had been excruciatingly slow.
The big Hob was moving now of his own volition, but his face was pale. At first, he hadn’t been able to even sit up. And his heart had kept starting and stopping until Ulvama had cast a charm on him. The [Deathbolt] spell had sapped Pyrite’s energy even with the magic stones he’d eaten. Now he could walk, but he was weak.
“Chieftain, we going there?”
One of Tremborag’s former lieutenants pointed. Rags squinted at the pass opening up ahead of them and nodded. That way led to Liscor. Ahead of them, she could see a vast host marching towards it. The Goblins eyed the Human army apprehensively. They were behind the Humans, trying to catch up. None of them were quite clear on why, except for Rags and Pyrite.
“Can’t catch tribe. Why go that way?”
Ulvama grumbled as she stared at the Human army. She was tired and unaccustomed to walking and not afraid to say it. For Rags’ part, her gratitude on seeing Ulvama had long worn thin. The small Goblin glared at the [Shaman].
“Must go to tribe. Must get to Liscor!”
“But why?”
“Find Erin. Stab Reiss. Get to tribe.”
