5.60
Page 5
“You’re brave, I’ll grant you. And if you weren’t an [Emperor] or half as brave, you’d pay for that. But since you and I understand each other—I didn’t come here to socialize. I came here to ask what you’re doing.”
“I see. Are you referring to the attack on Liscor, my presence in the camp, or something else?”
“All three. I want to know if you’re for this thing. War with the Drakes.”
Now that’s interesting. I cover a frown.
“Getting cold feet, Gralton? We’re all committed to this attack. Lord Tyrion has made it clear he’s expecting no dissidence.”
I hear a snort and pray Gralton won’t spit.
“He says that. But I’m my own man. I followed him because I thought we’d be killing Goblins. Now we’re starting a war and you appear. I want to know if this is all one big plan you and Veltras came up with. And if it’s not—I want to know what comes next.”
“You think I know? I am far from home myself, Gralton. And I’m not partial to war. It tends to leave all sides poorer. And as I’m sure you know, war never goes the way anyone expects. Just look at history.”
The man pauses.
“We’ve fought a lot of wars. Which one are you talking about, exactly? The Antinium Wars? Ones from wherever the hell you come from?”
I raise my eyebrows. By this point little verbal snares barely trip me up.
“Does it matter? Any war. Any great war, rather. It will be catastrophic. Tyrion may win or he may not, but wars always spell death and destruction.”
“So why are you supporting him?”
“Because I enjoy the scenery? Why are you?”
He laughs at my response. But—I can sense his eyes on me. And the way he sits, alert, and from his posture, I get a sense. Gralton’s not as simple as he lets on. He’s bestial in some ways, but if it’s dog-like, it’s savage instinct that he has, not mindless aggression. He came here for a reason, and not to state the obvious.
“War’s war. We’ve never been fully at peace with the Drakes. They attack us, we attack them. I don’t care. If it’s a fight, I’ll take part in it. But it’s the politics I hate. If you sleep with the wrong people, you end up with knives in your back. Better to be in battle than face that.”
“Hmm.”
What is he saying? I frown, buying time. And then I sense someone else approaching the tent. I pause.
“We have another visitor. Gamel?”
He’s already at the tent flaps. I hear him halt whoever’s outside. I frown. I know that figure. And I know that voice.
“Your majesty? Lord Yitton Byres wishes to speak privately with you.”
Yitton? I sense Gralton shift to look past Gamel. Then he looks at me. I can sense him grin. He knew Yitton was coming.
Instinct. I nod at Gamel and he moves back.
“Very well, let him through. He can join our impromptu meeting.”
A man steps into my tent. He pauses when he sees Gralton sitting on the floor. For my part, I study Yitton in my mind.
An older man. Fit for his age, but not rich. He has a sword at his waist and chainmail. Mustache, beard…but it’s his reputation and my understanding of him that stands out in my head. The other nobles regard Yitton as inferior to them in many ways, a small [Lord], albeit with ancient holdings. But he’s someone that’s allowed into Tyrion Veltras’ most personal meetings. An honorable man, by all accounts.
And currently, haunted by something. Yitton takes a step into the tent and I incline my head.
“Emperor Laken.”
“Lord Yitton. What brings you here?”
The man hesitates. He glances sideways at Gralton, who just nods a greeting.
“I had hoped to speak with you privately, your…your majesty. Would you grant me an audience?”
