5.60
Page 2
My [Emperor]’s senses are gone. I own none of the land I ride over, nor can I claim it. Thus, I can only hear and feel the horse beneath me. Smell blood, feces, the changing air.
Blood. I heard the Great Chieftain of the Mountain die. I heard something shrieking—Eater Goats. That was barely yesterday. I shudder as I sit up. It’s just past dawn. I turn my head towards the other figure in my tent.
“Gamel.”
My bodyguard, manservant, [Knight], and perhaps, friend, springs to his feet. I sense him turn towards me. I can sense the stubble on his chin, the way he grasps at a tray, even sense the sword in its sheathe at his side. The calluses on his palms—he’s been practicing with the other [Knights] when not accompanying me.
As I said, my [Emperor] senses are cut off while I ride. But in this tent that Tyrion Veltras gave me, with a few of the hand-carved totems from Jelov, I can ‘see’ in this small space. It’s one of my few comforts.
Jelov. Durene. Wiskeria. Prost. They all seem so far away right now. I clench my hands as Gamel approaches me. I rub at my face and sense him stop.
“Your majesty? Will you have breakfast?”
“Yes. Thank you, Gamel.”
I swing myself out of bed. I’m dressed; I didn’t bother to undress last night. I sit as Gamel offers the tray to me on a little table. By now I’m so used to him being here that I don’t even mind eating while he watches. Much.
“You’ve had breakfast?”
“Yes, sire. I woke up and trained, then had breakfast and came here. I apologize for my smell.”
I shake my head as I pick at my food. What’s today’s meal? Some kind of lamb, potatoes…Yellats? Spicy, crunchy—oh, and a gelatin of some sort. A treat, and again, not what you’d expect from people on the moves. Bags of holding and [Chefs] employed by the nobility see to the higher-quality meals, which I’m lucky enough to receive. Still, I’ve heard some of the nobility complaining about the rough fare. I chew, swallow, and speak quietly.
“Don’t worry about the smell, Gamel. It’s hardly worse than the horses. But don’t push yourself. Did you get that cut on your leg in sparring?”
He jumps. It still surprises the other villages of Riverfarm that I can tell what’s happened to them. Again, only in this tent. He pauses.
“It’s just a scratch, sire. One of the [Knights] struck and I missed the timing to block.”
I frown.
“Was it intentional? The other [Knight], I mean.”
Gamel’s hesitation this time makes me worry. He is a [Knight]. I made him one myself. But—he isn’t of noble birth. In fact, he was a [Farmer] until a few weeks ago. He was no [Warrior] and up until now he barely had any training with a sword. By contrast, the [Knights] who rode to Lord Tyrion’s call are the best of the best. Some of them resent Gamel’s class.
“I am well treated by most, your majesty. Some of the Clairei Fields Order have been teaching me personally.”
It’s not an answer, but I don’t push. I sigh and cut up the lamb.
“I see. Well then, inform me if there are any problems.”
“Yes, sire.”
I eat in silence, leaving the jello or whatever it is on the side. I’m in no mood for it and my stomach hurts if it’s too full when I ride. Besides…I push my tray back.
“Have the jello if you want, Gamel. Or share it with Tessia. How is she? And the others?”
“Good, sire.”
Gamel takes the tray and steps back. He places it to the side and comes back with a fresh set of clothes before I can ask. He’s really become adept at managing my needs. I listen as he speaks with his back to me. Neither he nor I are at the level where he’ll be dressing me, thanks.
