5.60
Page 25
“I’m a [Guardsman]. When the time comes, I’ll be up on the walls, same as you.”
Zevara would see to that. Relc imagined fighting with the damn trebuchets throwing rocks. Humans with siege weapons! It was bad enough that they knew how to throw magic. Now they could toss rocks? It was the end of the world.
“You should be a [Soldier].”
“Kid, let’s not do this—”
“No. You should be!”
Embria spun and poked a claw into Relc’s chest. He paused, and saw a [Guardswoman] patrolling towards him swing around smartly and walk the other way. Embria stared up at Relc, and he remembered a little Drake begging for war stories and asking about her mother. When had that look of admiration turned to contempt? Right before she’d enlisted in the army, that was when. All those years ago. Embria glared up at Relc and he tried to meet her eyes.
“You were a hero, dad. You were one of the greatest [Sergeants] we had. Everyone told me that you were the one they called on to hunt down enemy commanders. You were so good they awarded you a weapon worthy of a commander and gave you a name!”
“Yeah, well, it’s an okay spear. And the name’s not that great—it’s actually sort of an insult—”
Embria ignored Relc’s mumbling.
“Why don’t you want to join the army? Is it because you’re afraid?”
“Of dying? Sure.”
“What about your fellow soldiers?”
Relc shook his head.
“Those guys? They’re great. But what’s the point of fighting, kid? To win a war? To earn Liscor money and make the High Command proud? For what? I fought in the Second Antinium War because the Goblin King was about to destroy everything. I fought the Antinium for the same reason. But fighting other Drakes? What’s the point?”
“What about Humans?”
“What about them?”
Embria ground her teeth together. She hissed at Relc.
“Don’t play dumb! They’re coming to destroy Liscor.”
He folded his arms.
“Right. And where’s our army? Down south around Oteslia, that’s where. Who’s defending the city? A hundred of our soldiers and thousands of the Watch. Including—guess who?”
He jabbed a thumb at his chest. Embria flushed.
“If they’d known—”
“You said it. They didn’t. The army’s not a glorious defender of the Drakes, kid. It never was, even when old Sserys was in charge. It was a mercenary army. One of the best, sure, but just mercenaries. I don’t regret leaving it. And I’m not going back, so can we drop it? Just tell me why you wanted to see me, and I’ll get out of your spines.”
Embria stared at Relc. Then she turned away.
“Fine. It’s just a matter of courtesy. Here.”
She fished in her belt pouch and pulled something out. Relc blinked as a folded envelope appeared in front of him. He accepted it gingerly.
“What’s this?”
“You have to know what it is. You haven’t been away from the army long enough to—you can’t have forgotten. We’re about to go to war. Get it?”
Embria glared at him. Relc just looked blank. His daughter ground her teeth together.
“It’s a will.”
“A—”
Relc’s stomach dropped. He stared down at the letter and saw it as addressed to him. Embria nodded curtly.
“It details my possessions go to you in the event of my death. I—had to update it. The other soldiers have filed their wills as well. It’s standard practice to send them back on the eve of a big battle.”
“I know.”
Relc spoke mechanically. He stared down at the letter, recognizing the neat handwriting. He began to open the letter and Embria snatched it back.
“Don’t open it! It’s in the event of my death!”
“Oh, right. Sorry, kid. I won’t open it unless you uh, die.”
She handed him the letter back. Relc stared at Embria. She looked at him and then threw a salute.
