5.60
Page 15
That would be a task for the Twisted Antinium and the Grand Hive’s forces. Tersk shivered. He had seen a few of the Twisted Antinium gathering as well, preparing to intercept the Drake armies. They were—different. While each Hive of the Antinium was varied, the creations of the Twisted Queen were disturbing. They had been kept away from the other Hives, because to look upon some of them was to become Aberration for a number of Soldiers and Workers. They bothered Tersk and he could not fathom why. They were all Antinium. Weren’t they?
Whatever the case, the army was here. Tersk watched as Xrn’s head turned left and right, regarding the Prognugators.
“Remember. You come not as invaders, but liberators. Heroes. This battle is the first of many. But with it, the Antinium shall truly have a city of their own.”
The Prognugators looked up at her, and Tersk felt their confusion. Why did it matter? What use was a city to the Antinium? He knew. And he saw Xrn’s eyes turn to him and felt the shock run through him. Yes, he knew. He thought of the strange city, and of the things he had learned there. It was worth sacrificing tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousands of Antinium to have it. To become…something more.
Tersk looked back at the silent rows of Soldiers in gleaming armor. The pride of his Hive. They waited, and Tersk waited as well. He would soon be there. He thought of Pawn and wondered if the Worker was as excited as he was. At last, they would pit their might against the Humans. The Antinium had been preparing for this day since before Tersk had been born. He couldn’t wait. He couldn’t…
 
—-
 
“No. No, wait. It is too soon. What do you mean?”
Pawn grabbed desperately at Anand’s arm. The other Worker turned to him. The [Tactician] clicked his mandibles together.
“Pawn, I have said too much. Just bear in mind what I said. Prepare your unit for combat.”
“You have not said enough! Why was I not informed? What do you mean, our role will not be to hold Liscor? What will we be doing? Will Erin—”
Pawn broke off. Anand was shaking his head.
“Revalantor Klbkch has forbidden me from speaking of it. I know my role, but he believes you might—complicate the issue. When the time comes, you will lead the Painted Soldiers into battle. That is all. Pawn, I cannot say more.”
Anand looked guilty. Pawn stared at him. He had orders. But he had to say more, orders or not. He opened his mandibles.
“All of the Painted soldiers?”
“All of them.”
Anand nodded. He looked past Pawn, at the Soldiers who filled the barracks. There were a lot more than the odd three hundred or so that Pawn had started with. They had tripled their numbers, and now Painted Soldiers and Workers filled the expanded barracks. But many were new. The old ones, the veterans who had enough levels to truly show for it, stood teaching the other Soldiers how to be…[Soldiers]. They read books, they sat, they ate snacks. They were.
The thought of taking them into combat—a war—was horrifying. Pawn had already been struggling with the thought of Liscor falling under attack, but from what Anand said, the Antinium wouldn’t just be holding the walls. They would be doing something else. And Pawn was afraid they were going to betray their allies.
“Are we going to leave them to die? Selys? Mrsha? Lyonette? Erin?”
Anand hesitated.
“I have been issued with orders to keep them safe. If possible.”
“If possible.”
Pawn echoed the words. Anand nodded. He looked back at Pawn.
“Pawn—I cannot say all of what will happen. But the plan is good. And Erin will most likely survive.”
