5.60
Page 19
The [Ladies] nodded. They stood up, smoothing dresses, chattering lightly. And their eyes flashed brightly. They were no strangers to hard decisions, or war if it came to that. They had lived through multiple wars. Lady Zanthia had lived through more than a dozen. And they were ready to do what it took to stop another one.
But the cost. Oh, the cost. Magnolia closed her eyes as they left. This would be a problem. Damn Tyrion. He had forced her hand. But it could not be war with the Drakes. Better to throw all of the north into chaos, first. Better that. She sighed—and realized she wasn’t alone.
Ressa was there of course. She was always there. But Lady Bethal had remained on the couch. She looked up at Lady Magnolia.
“Magnolia, explain something to me.”
“If you insist, Bethal. What is it?”
The Lady Walchaís studied a sugary biscuit and made a face. She stood up slowly and looked at the map that Magnolia had provided the others—marked in several spots, purely as a conversational topic.
“Lord Tyrion Veltras is certainly going after the Drakes with a passion. Is it just that he hates them? As a people, I mean. Or is it something else? I feel as though I should know, but I don’t pay attention to the affairs of the realm as much as the others.”
“You don’t pay attention to anything but your husband, Bethal.”
The woman flashed a grin at Magnolia.
“True! So what was it? I feel like it was related to his wife.”
“It was.”
“Ah. She’s dead, isn’t she?”
“Tragically, yes.”
“Luckily.”
Ressa muttered as she cleared the table. Magnolia stomped on her foot, or tried to. Ressa dodged. Bethal paid no attention to the two of them.
“Yes. I met her once. I can see why you wouldn’t want her around. But you didn’t have anything to do with her death, did you? It was—a fall. But there was something suspicious about it. Was it—”
“Yes, Bethal. It was the Drakes. Or a Drake [Assassin]. Lord Tyrion found the dead body of a Drake and his wife. A tragic scene. I believe Sammial, his youngest, was not six years old when it happened.”
“Oh! So it was recent?”
Magnolia sighed. Sometimes she wanted to smack Bethal across the back of the head. But that would start a fight and Bethal was quite adept with knives.
“I have no doubt you received an invitation, Bethal. Yes, it was recent. I think Tyrion Veltras always had designs on taking the fight to the Drakes. But since his wife’s death—yes.”
“And how does he know it was the Drakes who killed her?”
“Because the [Assassin] was hired by them.”
“And how does he—”
“Because I told him, Bethal.”
The woman turned. Magnolia met her eyes, and her voice was cold. Ressa looked up.
“I told him. When he rode into my estates and begged the one favor he has ever asked of me, I told him who sent the [Assassin]. I told him the truth and made sure of it myself. That Drake was sent by the Walled Cities. Hired in Zeres, funded by their money, agreed upon by the other Walled Cities. It was them.”
“Oh.”
That was all Bethal said. She looked away, and Magnolia shook her head and sipped from her sugary tea. Regrets. It was a bitter taste on her tongue, for all the sugar. See what the truth did. See how mistakes added up? Oh, how she wished she could turn back time. But it was done.
“So that’s the reason? All of it? Or have I missed something else?”
Bethal stared at the map. Magnolia shook her head bitterly.
“No, you have it right. For his wife, he would wage war on an entire species. For one death, he would burn all of them in fire.”
The Lady Walchaís shook her head.
