5.60
Page 8
“We’re going.”
Yvlon looked up at her brother. He was dressed in full armor and had his shield on one hand. His hand was hovering around his sword’s hilt as he stared down at her and looked around the inn. The other Gold-rank teams stared at him and Dawil and Falene, standing behind Ylawes. The Dwarf hefted his hammer and the half-Elf shifted her staff. Yvlon glanced at Pisces, Ceria, and Ksmvr. Then she looked up at her brother.
“What?”
“We’re going, Yvlon. Now. Grab your gear and get ready. We’re leaving Liscor and going north. Any team who wishes to join us—or anyone in the inn—is welcome to come, but we are going now. Before Liscor is attacked.”
The [Knight]’s jaw was set. Yvlon leaned back in her chair as Ceria rubbed one eye and stared down at her eggs. She looked towards Erin and Lyonette.
The inn was barely open this morning. And signs of last night’s festivities were still scattered around the inn. Empty mugs, plates that had yet to be washed, a passed-out Goblin lying under a table…Yvlon shook her head.
“It’s too early for this. Lyonette! Can I get some water?”
She waved her mug. Ylawes frowned at her.
“This isn’t a joke, Yv.”
“I’m not saying it is. And I’m not going, Ylawes. I’m staying with my team.”
Yvlon looked back up at Ylawes, scowling. Her brother grimaced.
“So you’ve said. But your captain doesn’t seem capable of making up her mind.”
“Hey, I’m just—”
Ceria protested weakly. Yvlon stood up.
“We’re going with Erin. We’re not leaving her behind.”
“I’m making up my mind too!”
Erin shouted from the kitchen. Ylawes looked at her and shook his head.
“I understand that, and it is a noble cause, Yvlon. But be realistic: Liscor is about to be attacked, and when it is, both you and I will be in grave danger. Our only chance is to go north now. Persuade your captain, bring Miss Solstice and the others.”
“I have a name you know, it’s Ceria—”
“Why don’t you go and let us decide what we’re doing, Ylawes? If we go north, we’ll go north. But we’ll do it with our team. You can leave.”
Yvlon folded her arms. She wasn’t wearing her armor, but her metal armguards and gauntlets were more or less permanent fixtures now. They covered the…modifications Pisces had done to her arms. And the damage.
“I won’t leave without you.”
The [Knight] snapped, his brows crossing with vexation. Yvlon sighed.
“I’m not a child, Ylawes!”
“But you are my sister. If father learned that I abandoned you—”
“This isn’t about what our father would say! And what I do isn’t your problem, Ylawes.”
“It is. I can’t let you risk your life any further. We’re going and you are coming with us. This isn’t a discussion.”
“No, it really isn’t.”
Yvlon stared at Ylawes’ face, exasperated and annoyed. It was always like this. He was always in charge and she was sick of it. She stared past Ylawes at his teammates.
“I’m not budging. I’m a grown woman and an adventurer in my own right. You don’t give me orders, even if you are Gold-rank. Just go, Ylawes. What does your team think of this? Falene? Dawil?”
The half-Elf shrugged her slim shoulders.
“I follow my team captain, Miss Byres. And I happen to agree that you and your team are being quite foolish. It falls to us to keep the less-experienced out of harm’s way.”
Ceria rolled her eyes. Yvlon looked at Dawil. The Dwarf hesitated.
“I can’t say I’m pleased, lass. But your brother has a point. There’s a fine line between stubbornness and suicide and you’re pushing both. Why not leave?”
