5.60
Page 10
Dawil roared at Falene. He shoulder-charged the [Mage] as Ceria raised another ice wall. Yvlon was struggling as Ylawes bent to grab her. She tried to kick him, and he tried to pull her up, but he had miscalculated how heavy she was—and how hard it was to drag an uncooperative person single-handedly. Pisces drew his rapier and Ylawes turned towards him. The [Knight] drew his sword and Yvlon shouted.
“Ylawes, don’t!”
Pisces and Ylawes faced off as Ceria aimed her wand at the struggling Dawil and Falene, who were shouting at each other. Ylawes narrowed his eyes and Pisces lowered his posture. The two hesitated—and an arrow embedded itself on the table next to them. Both dodged back and turned.
Halrac lowered his bow. The other adventurers were on their feet. Ylawes turned to them, and then twisted. He blocked a whirling frying pan and the cast iron pan clattered to the ground. Erin lowered her hands.
“Darn. That never works anymore.”
“Don’t interfere.”
Ylawes snapped at Halrac. The [Scout] aimed his bow at the [Knight]’s chest.
“That’s not your decision to make. Let your sister go, Ylawes. She’s an adventurer and so are you. You don’t get to order her, family or not.”
“That’s precisely why—”
Ylawes’ face flushed. Bevussa folded her wing-arms, looking annoyed.
“I’ve seen enough too. This may be a family matter, but it’s turned into a Gold-rank team fighting a Silver-rank one. Enough. Falene, put down your staff. Cast a spell and we’ll all attack you. This is stupid and pointless.”
The other adventurers nodded. Typhenous pointed his staff at Falene. The half-Elf hesitated and lowered her staff reluctantly. She glared, and then doubled over. Dawil had kicked her hard in the shins. The Dwarf looked at his two teammates and shook his head.
“You idiots. I told you they’d never go. Listen to the other Gold-ranks.”
“I can’t just—”
Ylawes swore as Dawil kicked him in the shins, hard enough to go through the metal armor. The Dwarf glared up at him.
“You want to carry your sister off like a damsel in distress? It didn’t work the first time you tried it, and it won’t work now. If you want to give it a shot, I’ll scrape you off the floor when the other Gold-ranks paste you to it. Otherwise we’re done here. Idiots.”
He stomped away. Ylawes stared at Dawil, his teeth set, and then looked around. He stared at Yvlon.
“Sister, please think about this.”
“I have. I’m not going, Ylawes.”
Yvlon folded her arms. Ceria hesitated, looking at Ylawes. The [Knight] breathed in and out, slowly, trying to keep calm.
“Then what will you do? If Liscor falls—”
“I’ll go with my team. If Liscor falls, we’ll take Erin south.”
“But the Drakes—”
“Are not your concern. We’ll survive, Ylawes. But I’m not going to follow you.”
“I see.”
The [Knight] looked pained. And hurt. Yvlon’s own chest stung a bit as he straightened. He had come all this way for her. But she’d never asked him to. He turned and looked around again, then at Yvlon. Then, at last, he shook his head.
“I thought—”
He never finished the sentence. Ylawes just turned and walked out of the inn. Falene looked at Ceria. Pisces made a few rude gestures.
“Remember we offered you a chance. We are leaving Liscor.”
She swept after Ylawes. Dawil was last. The Dwarf tugged on his beard, looking close to swearing. He stared at his teammates as they walked out the door, then looked around. His voice was somber as he spoke.
“I’m sorry about that, friends. But it seems like we’re going.”
“North?”
Halrac queried Dawil. The Dwarf nodded.
