5.60
Page 9
Because it would mean being saved by Ylawes. Yvlon scowled. She didn’t want to say it, but that was why. And because Erin wasn’t going. That too. But mainly the first part.
“It’s my choice. I’m a Horn of Hammerad and we aren’t budging.”
She looked at Ylawes. The [Knight] blew out his cheeks, and looked around. Griffon Hunt, the Halfseekers, Gemhammer—the other teams of adventurers who were waiting in Erin’s inn, taking turns moving the door further south—stared at him. He hesitated, and then shook his head.
“This discussion is over. Yvlon, if you won’t see reason, we’ll have to take you by force. Come on—”
He reached for her arm. Yvlon backed up.
“Don’t, Ylawes.”
“Be reasonable. Don’t make me force you.”
“You? I’m not six, anymore, Ylawes. You can’t pick me up and carry me.”
“If I have to, I will.”
Again, Ylawes grabbed at Yvlon’s arm. This time he seized the metal vambrace. Yvlon gritted her teeth. She pulled, but Ylawes was strong.
“Let go.”
“Don’t resist. Your arms are fragile.”
“Then let go.”
Yvlon yanked, and Ylawes nearly stumbled. He let go, afraid of damaging her arms. Yvlon felt fine. She backed up as Ylawes looked at Ceria.
“Please talk some sense to her.”
The half-Elf got up slowly. So did Pisces and Ksmvr. Ceria looked uneasy, but her expression firmed as she looked at Yvlon.
“We’re not going yet, Ylawes. And Yvlon’s one of us. If she doesn’t want to go, you have to respect that.”
“He is doing this for her own good, Ceria. I’ve pointed out the obvious to you as well. Why won’t you heed reason? We are both half-Elves—”
Falene scowled at Ceria. The [Ice Mage] rolled her eyes.
“And that makes us kin, right? Forget it. You can go, but if you try to take Yvlon, we’ll—”
“What, stop us?”
The tone of Falene’s voice was frankly disbelieving. Yvlon felt a surge of adrenaline and anger as the [Battlemage] looked from her to Ceria. Pisces folded his arms.
“You would do well to reconsider any threat, Miss Skystrall.”
“Yes. We are completely and legally able to defend ourselves with lethal force. I think.”
Ksmvr nodded. Dawil raised a hand.
“Hold on, you two. Falene and Ylawes aren’t suggesting—”
“Yes we are, Dawil. Ylawes, take your sister. I have had enough of arguing.”
“And I’ve had enough of you two trying to order us around.”
Yvlon reached for her sword. Ylawes stared at her and his hand went to his hilt.
“Don’t be a fool, Yvlon!”
“Then back off.”
“I can’t. Why are you being so stubborn when I’m just trying to help you?”
“I. Don’t. Want. Your Help! I never have!”
Yvlon snapped at Ylawes. She drew her sword, or tried to. The blade was half-way out of the sheathe when Falene pointed a finger at her.
“[Binding Cords – Iron]. Ylawes, take her!”
A series of thin metal cords erupted from her fingertip and wrapped around Yvlon. The [Wounded Warrior] shouted in outrage and fell back, struggling. Ylawes stepped forwards and a wall of ice sprang up.
“Don’t do this—”
Ceria warned Ylawes, but Falene pointed her staff again. The ice shattered as something struck it and Ceria stumbled back. Pisces made a noise of outrage. He lifted his hands and flames burst from them, aimed at Falene. Ylawes surged to block them and the flames burned harmlessly around his shield.
“Is it combat, then? Should I aim to incapacitate or kill, Captain Ceria?”
Ksmvr drew his shortsword raised his dagger. Falene bound him with the cords spell as well.
“Stop! Stop, you featherbrained nitwit!”
