5.60
Page 16
“You cannot guarantee it, though.”
“No.”
The two Workers looked at each other. Pawn shook his head.
“So I am to wait? To lead my Painted Soldiers into battle when the order comes and not know what happens?”
“That is correct. That is what we’ve always done, Pawn.”
“It’s not enough.”
The Worker whispered. It wasn’t enough. Not anymore. Anand hesitated, and then turned away.
“It is all we can do.”
He walked away. Pawn watched him go. He turned to look at the Soldiers and Workers, at Yellow Splatters, Purple Smile—and he shook his head.
“No. There must be more.”
But he didn’t know what that was. So Pawn bent his head, clasped his hands together, and began to pray. For a miracle, for knowledge. For anything. He listened, his heart beating, but he heard nothing.
 
—-
 
“Lord Veltras. Another [Message] for you. From our informant.”
“I’ll hear it.”
Tyrion Veltras rode at the head of his army. He watched as the Goblins ran ahead of him. A vast host. Enough to take a city. And that wasn’t even counting the army of Humans that marched behind him. He turned his head as his aide, Jericha spoke crisply, reciting the [Message] spell verbatim.
“The portal door is now in Liscor’s possession. It is connected to a passageway south of the city. The Gold-rank teams will fight in Liscor and flee through it if the city is lost with civilians.”
“Or to reinforce the city through the door. Dragons take it all!”
Tyrion Veltras’ brows snapped together. He felt a surge of frustration.
“That [Mage] assured us the door would be inoperable!”
“He probably expected to flee through it and didn’t consider the fact that the recovery effort would fail—or that the city would seize the door after the connection to Pallass had been lost.”
Jericha frowned. Tyrion just clenched a gauntleted fist. Lord Erill and Lady Ieka had provided the criminal element. He had been against it—a force of [Knights] could have seized the door—but against his better judgment he had allowed the covert operation. And see what had happened.
“Can the informant do anything?”
“He reports not, Lord Veltras.”
“Very well. Liscor may be reinforced, but the numbers will be low. And the presence of an escape route may work in our favor. The adventurers and other elements of the city will flee through it.”
Tyrion grimly adjusted his plans, thinking through how the door could be used against them. They had to seize it. Jericha cleared her throat.
“There are two other missives that may require your attention personally, Lord Veltras.”
“Speak.”
“The first is from Lady Reinhart—”
“Ignore it. I told you, I am not in the mood to bandy words with her.”
The [Mage] nodded quickly. She licked her lips nervously, an usual gesture.
“I understand that Lord Veltras. But this latest [Message] is—is not like the others.”
“How so?”
Tyrion looked back at Jericha. Magnolia had been sending him messages nonstop, urging him to halt his campaign, to turn back or take a different tact. Ever since she had learned what he was doing. She was resourceful, he would give her that. But he could not be swayed. All of her power lay in influence, gold, and political power. He had direct military might and there was nothing she could do to stop him.
Or so he’d thought. But the look on Jericha’s face told him that his unflappable aide had been disturbed. She spoke slowly.
“This latest [Message] was—addressed to me, Lord Veltras. Magnolia Reinhart mentioned me by name and issued a…warning if it was not delivered. The contents are quite extraordinary.”
