5.60
Page 11
“North. We’ll try to avoid the Goblin Lord. But we’re leaving the city today, unless my teammates have other plans. It’s been a pleasure.”
“It has.”
Bevussa nodded at him. Revi waved a hand hesitantly. Yvlon, the iron cords disappearing as Falene’s spell ended, sat up. She looked at Dawil. The Dwarf looked tiredly at her.
“Wait, you’re going? Just like that?”
Erin stared at the Dwarf. Dawil shrugged and smiled ruefully.
“I’d like to say goodbye. But those idiots are storming off. Hey, wait for me!”
He turned and roared out of the door. Then he looked over his shoulder. There seemed like so much more he wanted to say. But the Dwarf just turned.
“Farewell. Let’s all meet again someday.”
And then he was gone. Yvlon stared at the door. She stood up slowly.
“He’s going? Just like that?”
“Did you want him to stay?”
Pisces sat at a table and watched as Ksmvr sat up. The Antinium looked around and sheathed his weapons, looking ashamed.
“I have been of no use. I am worthless.”
He sat down too. Ceria closed her eyes and breathed out slowly.
“Damn. Are you sure it’s for the best, Yvlon?”
“Yes. I wasn’t going to go with Ylawes anyways. He was always like that, giving me orders. It was just—”
“Just?”
The others looked at her. Yvlon shook her head. Her eyes went to the closed door.
“It was just that he came all this way and did so much for me. Because he was worried. And I never said thank you for that.”
The others looked at her. Yvlon wanted to run to the door. But she held still. One of the adventurers who’d watched everything unfold uttered a curse.
“Humans.”
Yvlon glared at him. The Drake met her gaze and looked away. Erin stared about.
“Well, that sucked.”
No one argued with that. The adventurers sat in silence as Lyonette brought Yvlon some water. Then the door opened. Yvlon looked up. Was it Ylawes, back again?
No. It was Olesm, Zevara, and a host of the City Watch. The adventurers froze as Zevara stepped into the inn through the magic doorway. The Watch Captain looked around.
“Hey, Zevara. Olesm. Can I get you an—”
The Watch Captain forestalled Erin with a claw. She looked about the inn, and Yvlon saw her focus on the sleeping Goblin on the floor. She nodded to one of the [Guardsmen].
“Secure the door.”
A few of the Drakes and Gnolls moved to the door. The adventurers watched, growing more and more nervous. Then Yvlon saw a pair of [Guardsmen] she recognized walk through. Klbkch and Relc took up positions by the door. And another pair of Senior Guards walked through as well.
“What’s this about, Watch Captain?”
Keldrass stood up. He eyed Zevara. The female Drake looked at him and spoke.
“We know you’re trying to leave Liscor.”
The adventurers paused. Olesm cleared his throat.
“By Drake military law, all adventurers in or around Liscor must come to the city’s defense in times of crisis. Dereliction of duty is a treasonous offense.”
“You can’t conscript us. This is a war. We’re not part of it!”
Revi folded her arms. Zevara glanced at her and shook her head. She addressed the Drake teams from Pallass.
“This is not an option. You must stay in Liscor. The city needs your strength to hold the line. As Watch Captain, I order you to remain in the city. And to ensure that is so, I am confiscating the door. As we should have done from the start.”
She gestured. A pair of Gnolls grabbed the magic doorway. Erin stared.
“You can’t do that.”
Zevara looked at Erin.
“I can and must. This is a matter of security—”
“Hold on. You’re not taking that door.”
Halrac pointed at the doorway. Zevara turned and the Watch braced themselves.
“Stand down.”
