5.61
Page 19
Zevara whirled. Ilvriss took off. If the walls fell, one leader had to be behind the front lines. She turned back to the Human army.
“Olesm! Can we blast the trebuchets from here? Or use the enchantment spells to block the missiles?”
“We’re out of range of the trebuchets, but I can try hitting the stones. But the spells don’t aim well and if I miss—”
They’d exhaust the limited spells they could use. Zevara cursed.
“Don’t bother.”
“Watch Captain! We’re getting a [Message] from the Humans!”
“What? Why?”
“They’re—they’re sending another apology.”
This time the Drake [Mage] didn’t bother to ask for permission. He raised his claw to his temple.
“They’re saying—misfire. It was a misfire. The Humans regret the accident. They’re warning us to watch out for ‘stray missiles’. Should I respond?”
Zevara uttered a series of curses and the [Mage] raised a claw to his temple.
“They’re saying another volley is incoming, adjusting their aim—”
“Duck!”
This time the stones flew differently. And when they struck the walls, the sound they made was far, far different. One huge stone struck the walls and exploded into a ball of fire, sending searing jets of flame everywhere. Another just blasted to pieces, sending shrapnel up. A third made a thumping sound and fell to earth, completely undamaged. That strike made the walls vibrate.
“Enchanted munitions!”
Olesm cried out. Zevara grabbed the wall for support.
“Is everyone—”
She flinched as a spark of light erupted in the Floodplains. A missile had landed near the Goblins and exploded in radiance. Two more enchanted stones landed around the Goblins, who recoiled. One landed among a group of the Goblin Lord’s army and crushed two dozen Goblins before rolling to a stop.
“What in the name of—”
“The Humans report a connection with the Goblin Lord’s army. They said they’re correcting their aim again!”
“They’re taunting us.”
Zevara stared at the distant army. She looked at the three stones that had barely grazed the Goblin Lord’s army, and then at the still-burning fragments of stone scattered at the base of the walls. And then she heard a terrible sound. A cry of alarm from the eastern gates.
“Damage on the gates!”
The Watch Captain froze. Olesm stared down and shouted for clarification. Word came back in moments—the gates were dented. Not broken, but the metal had bowed in from one of the shots.
“They’re trying to bring down our gates.”
Zevara stood on the walls, staring at the gates. They were the weak point of the walls. Like the stone, they were spelled, but the hinges could be broken. And the Humans were aiming for them. She saw the soldiers scrambling to reload the trebuchets and turned.
“Klbkch!”
The Antinium hadn’t ducked when the trebuchets had fired. He made his way over to her. Zevara shouted, thought it was quiet.
“Where are the Antinium? Take down the trebuchets!”
“They are moving, Watch Captain. Wait.”
She had to. Zevara stood helplessly as Klbkch waited by her side. Her eyes were fixed on the distant trebuchets. She saw their arms reset, saw another boulder being dragged into place—
And then, suddenly, movement. The ground erupted and black bodies spilled out. Zevara heard the cry go up.
“Antinium!”
They were attacking! The black bodies poured out of a hole close to one of the trebuchets. The Soldiers charged one, and the people manning the device fled. The surprised Humans fell back as the Antinium swarmed the trebuchet. They began tearing at it, hammering on the wood, trying to bring it down.
“Burn it! Do they have fire?”
“They are armed with a few alchemical weapons—”
