5.61
Page 14
Tyrion could feel the vibration in the air. He rode forwards a bit, staring at Liscor. The Goblins were approaching cautiously. They might now be in range of a shot from a particularly experienced [Archer], or from Liscor’s enchanted walls, but not from regular bows. The Goblin Lord had to be getting as close as possible so he’d spend as little time being hit from Liscor’s walls before he was at the city. Tyrion stared at the mass of Goblins. Yes, they’d gone straight for the city. He’d expected to have to pin them between his mages and archers, funnel them towards Liscor. But there they were, marching along neatly.
“You are aware of what is happening, aren’t you?”
Perhaps the Goblin Lord was counting on holding the city. It didn’t matter. It all suited Tyrion’s plans. He saw them advancing, and nodded.
“Move up two hundred feet. And then inform [Emperor] Laken to wait for my command.”
The army advanced another two hundred feet. They gave the Goblins a good gap, but they were well within range of Tyrion’s [Mages] and the trebuchets and only minutes away if his cavalry charged. But none of Tyrion’s forces were near enough to be targeted by Liscor. Tyrion nodded.
Now would be the time. He turned to Jericha, and heard a raw voice. A man galloped towards him, sword in hand. Tyrion saw Jericha raise a wand and point at Yitton Byres’ chest.
“Jericha, hold!”
She stopped. Yitton halted in front of Tyrion. His face was a mask of both terror and pain. He raised his sword and Tyrion subdued the urge to reach for his own sword.
“Lord Byres. What is the meaning of this?”
“My children.”
Yitton Byres gestured to the city behind Tyrion. A few of Tyrion’s escorts moved to surround him, but Tyrion motioned them back.
“They are in Liscor?”
Yitton nodded.
“Both Ylawes and Yvlon. I know it! Tyrion, you cannot allow them to—you must hold off the attack, give them time. Let me ransom my children, or petition Liscor to let any noncombatants go! I beg of you!”
“Ridiculous.”
Jericha stiffened in outrage. Tyrion shook his head.
“Lord Yitton, I cannot oblige your request for two reasons. Firstly, time is of the essence and I do not intend Liscor time to stall. Secondly—I remind you that this is not an assault. Yet. The Goblin Lord’s army is our target, not Liscor. To claim or insinuate otherwise openly would be problematic.”
“Do not lie, Tyrion!”
Yitton shouted. The man pointed his blade at Tyrion’s chest and Jericha’s wand glowed with energy. Yitton took no notice. His face was pale.
“I thought you were a better man than this. Don’t stoop to subterfuge. You know what you are doing.”
The words stung Tyrion a bit. He shifted on his horse’s saddle.
“Very well. It is an assault, Byres. But what would you have me do? Call it off? For two people?”
Yitton shook his head. He looked at Tyrion and there were tears in his eyes.
“My children are there, Tyrion. What would you do for them? Please.”
Lord Tyrion Veltras paused.
“I know. And I am sorry, Lord Yitton. But some things require sacrifice. If it were my own children—”
He paused for a long time and stared at Yitton’s face.
“—It must be done.”
“Then I am sorry too. Because I cannot let you do this.”
Lord Yitton’s grip tightened on his sword. He urged his horse forwards with a shout. Jericha lifted her wand.
“Alive.”
Tyrion turned his head. He saw the flash out of the corner of his eye, heard Yitton cry out. Several [Knights] rushed forwards and restrained the [Lord] as he half-tumbled from his saddle, his armor glowing where Jericha’s spell had struck him.
