5.61
Page 10
The [Innkeeper] called from the kitchen. She hadn’t been nearly as panicked as the others, which Ceria could respect, but she was taking too long. Ceria paced back over to the kitchen.
“Erin? I know we have time, but we should be in Liscor now! come on!”
“I’m nearly there! I just need to get something!”
“Can I help?”
Erin poked her head out of the kitchen.
“No, just go ahead! I’ll be right on your heels!”
“I can’t go without you!”
Ceria protested, even though she wanted to go right now. But Erin was calm. She stepped out of the kitchen and faced her friend.
“Look, Ceria, Liscor’s right there. It’s just a jog and I can climb up a ladder in no time. Give me a minute and go ahead without me. I just need to grab—uh, something.”
The half-Elf hesitated. Erin was being cagey, but she was making sense.
“You’ll be right along? You’re sure you don’t need help?”
“Absolutely. I just need to uh, lock the doors. And make sure the windows are bolted. I’ll be fine, Ceria. Look, if I’m not out in five minutes, come get me, okay?”
“Sure. But you will be out!”
“Absolutely!”
The young woman smiled. Ceria tried to as well, but her heart was racing too fast. She nodded.
“Okay then. But hurry up!”
She left the inn. The Horns were waiting for her by the city as Ceria ran over.
“Where’s Erin?”
Pisces stared at Ceria. The half-Elf pointed back at the inn.
“She said she was getting something?”
“What, pray?”
“I don’t—look, she’ll be along! Let’s get up the ladder, though! One of us can get her if we really need to, but the less people scrambling up near the end, the better!”
That made sense. The Horns began climbing the ladders that had been thrown down for them. Moore, who’d had to create his own vine ladder to support his weight, was the last to arrive on the walls. Ceria felt a hand pull her up and stared at a familiar face.
“Dawil? What are you doing here?”
She exclaimed as the Dwarf hauled her up with surprising strength in his smaller body. He grinned and slapped her on the lower back.
“Ah, that’s for our glorious leader to explain.”
“Ylawes?”
Yvlon stared at her brother as he pulled her up with a grunt. She came over the wall and the [Knight] nodded to her.
“Yvlon.”
“You said you were going!”
“I did say that.”
Ylawes looked half-ashamed as he shook his head. he hesitated, and then sighed.
“I—had a change of heart. Yvlon, I can’t force you to do anything. But as your brother, as family, I won’t abandon you. If you’re staying until Liscor is lost or holds—I will too. And you can’t stop me from making that choice.”
He looked firmly at Yvlon. Dawil smiled. Ceria did too. Yvlon looked at her brother, and slowly nodded.
“I—thank you, Ylawes. For everything.”
“Oi! If you’re done with the touching reunion, move out of the way! Falene’s broadcasting!”
A voice snapped at the adventurers. Ceria turned and saw Revi sitting next to Typhenous on some chairs. Halrac was standing at the battlements, bow in hand. The adventurers glanced at Falene, who was deftly ignoring all of them, and hurried over.
“Everyone up?”
“Moore’s having trouble climbing. Hey Lyonette! Get Mrsha off the walls!”
“We’re going to Krshia’s house! Tell Erin to meet us there!”
The young woman called out. Ceria nodded. Revi scanned the press of bodies as one of the Drake [Guardswomen] shouted for hands to haul Moore up.
“Where’s Erin?”
“She’s—coming. She’s just grabbing something.”
Halrac turned. He glared at Ceria.
“You left her behind?”
“She’s coming! The Goblins are at least twenty minutes away, even if they were running!”
