5.61
Page 7
“Professor. There’s something from the orb.”
Niers looked up. He saw the viewpoint shift. The student fumbled with the spell and Niers heard the last of what was being said. It came from the Dwarf standing in front of the half-Elf. The one called Dawil.
“What in the name of beard oil is she doing? They have to leave!”
“I don’t know. Haven’t they seen the army?”
The view had shifted as the half-Elf controlling the spell looked away from the advancing army. Down towards an inn. The inn. Niers’ heart jumped. The two adventurers were joined by a third voice, out of sight, male.
“They must have seen the army. They’ll be here soon, Falene, Dawil. Don’t worry.”
“If you say so, lad. But they’re taking their sweet time about it. If I were them, I’d be running.”
“They’ll be here. If they aren’t, we’ll get them.”
“Sooner, rather than later?”
“Give them at least five minutes.”
Niers frowned at the inn. He saw the viewpoint shift a bit as someone on the walls shouted at the adventurers. The perspective shifted, panning past rows of silent Soldier Antinium and [Guards]. One of Niers’ students, Wil, shuddered as he saw the Antinium.
“Hey Falene! Are you broadcasting your image? Look over here!”
A Human with a warhammer raised it over her head. She waved her other hand.
“My name is Earlia, and I’m the captain of Gemhammer, a Silver-rank team. If anyone wants a powerhouse melee team who can—”
The viewpoint shifted back to the inn as the shouting continued. Niers’ lips quirked into a smile. He distinctly heard the half-Elf mutter.
“Idiots. We’re at war and they’re showing off.”
Dawil sighed.
“They’ve never seen a war before. Let them have their fun. And hey, while I have the ears of the world, if there are any eligible Dwarf women—or ladies of any persuasion—”
The sound abruptly cut off, and Niers guessed that the half-Elf had muted her own spell somehow. He stroked his beard and smiled.
“That was a smart move, announcing their names.”
The tiny Fraerling commented. The other students looked at him. Umina hesitated.
“They uh, sounded like fools to me, sir. And that’s hardly a good endorsement for their team.”
“True. But the name of ‘Gemhammer’ was just spread across the world in a single moment. To everyone listening. There are monarchs, [Generals], and even adventuring teams of renown that can’t boast of the same.”
His students looked at each other. Niers just smiled.
“The world stage. Remember it. And remember this. All of this—”
He waved at the map and scrying orb.
“—will change the world you’ll live in. Soon. As quick as lightning. If Liscor falls, even Balerosian companies might be hired on.”
“Will they fall, Professor? How do you think the battle will go?”
All the students looked at Niers. He knew at least one of them was probably transmitting or recording his words to send to those interested. Such was the nature of fame. But the little [Strategist] just shrugged. The Titan stared down at the scrying orb and spoke quietly as the Goblin Lord’s army poured across the Floodplains, slowly, towards Liscor. He could hear drum beats echoing across the plains.
“I wouldn’t care to wager. Not yet. Let’s just wait.”
He shifted from foot to foot. Waiting was hard. It felt like he’d been waiting a long time. But it was nearly, nearly—
 
—-
 
“Time.”
