5.61
Page 5
“A—a local force of cities plus Pallass’ main force is set to arrive. If they march through the night, they could be here in two days. Secondary forces are moving behind them and should trickle in the next three days, which is when Manus predicts their force will arrive. If all goes well, Salazsar, Zeres, and Fissival could all converge a day after that, but it depends on luck as much as anything.”
“So two days.”
“At least. Pallass’ army can’t…they’d be able to provide relief, but until Manus and the other armies get here—can Liscor hold for two days? Five?”
“We shall see, won’t we?”
It would either be a matter of hours, or days. Ilvriss didn’t know which. No one did.
“They have trebuchets. But if we can hold the gaps, we might make it. Then it will be attrition. First the Goblin Lord, then the Humans. They’ll be fresh so we’ll face two waves.”
“If Liscor falls—it will be war. The Walled Cities will declare it at once. Liscor falling will not stand.”
The choice of words was darkly amusing to Ilvriss. He stared at the scrying orb.
“Hasn’t it always been war with the Humans?”
The Drake on the other end hesitated.
“Yes. I suppose so. But this will be all-out war. And we haven’t had that in…Ancestors. Decades, at least. At least half a century. A full-scale war? It’s not something we want, to be honest. Not right now. The Antinium complicate matters. Those damn bugs. We can’t even have a proper war without looking over our tails to make sure we don’t fight on two fronts. They changed everything.”
“Yes. They did.”
Ilvriss moved over to the window of the war room. From the third floor of Liscor’s city hall, he could see the eastern wall. It was filled with bodies. Drakes, Gnolls, a few adventurers…and Antinium. Over two thousand Soldiers stood on the walls, and four thousand more held the streets, along with a few hundred Workers armed with bows. The Hive had committed a majority of its forces, or so Klbkch had claimed. Those not present were preparing to assault the trebuchets.
“I will inform you of any changes at once. But keep the lines clear. We have visuals—one of the Gold-rank adventurer [Mages], Falene, has agreed to transmit everything she sees from the walls. I trust you have another orb to view the battle from?”
“We’re broadcasting it as we speak, Wall Lord. The entire world is watching.”
“Good. Maybe they’ll see the Human’s treachery for what it is.”
“Perhaps. But Lord Tyrion’s army has no such visuals. He must have banned any [Mages] in his army from casting the spell.”
More pretense. It would be easier to deny what was going on. Ilvriss grunted.
“The truth will out.”
There was silence from the other end. Then the Drake spoke.
“You could leave the city, Wall Lord. There is the door set up. You could flee.”
Ilvriss looked at the scrying orb. His grip tightened.
“No, I could not. I am a Wall Lord. I could not run.”
“…I suppose you couldn’t. Well then. Ancestors protect you, Ilvriss.”
“Thank you.”
Ilvriss lowered the orb. He stood at the table and felt warm and cold. Cold, because he knew what was coming. Warm because—his eyes went down to the shining breastplate on his chest. The Heartflame Breastplate glowed. It did not burn—but he would activate the enchantment soon. To give those who saw it hope. He wore the legendary armor, the pride of his people on his chest. He hoped he would be worthy of it.
“This must not fall into their hands. Not again.”
Ilvriss murmured to himself. He straightened, and looked up as the door flew open. A panting Street Runner, a Gnoll, spoke, ignoring decorum.
