5.61
Page 11
“True. Okay, let’s go over places. Ceria, you need to speak to Olesm. He doesn’t want your team on the walls because you’re not ranged. You get to sit in the city with the Flamewardens and the others, lucky you. Go talk to him, he’s over there.”
Revi pointed. Ceria nodded.
“Just as soon as Erin gets up. Is she out of the inn yet?”
She went back to the walls. Halrac stared down at the muddy ground. Ceria could hear reports coming in.
“Goblins—uh—neutral Goblins are still moving around the city! Slow pacing!”
“Just keep an eye on them!”
“Where’s Erin?”
“In the inn. I haven’t seen her leave it yet.”
Halrac stared down at the inn, a frown on his face. So did Ceria.
“I could go back down and see—”
“I’ll go if anyone has to. I am the swiftest.”
Pisces volunteered, sniffing. Halrac just frowned.
“What did you say she was doing?”
“Uh—”
Ceria’s heart was pounding and she couldn’t make it stop. She saw Olesm and Zevara, Ilvriss, and Klbkch coming towards them. The [Strategist] raised his voice and called out to them.
“Everyone on the walls? Ceria, where’s Erin?”
“In the inn!”
“She’s not out?”
“No, but she told me—”
Ceria tried to explain. She stopped as she remembered how calm Erin had been, even with the Goblin Lord’s army bearing down on them. Slowly, Ceria turned and stared across the Floodplains.
There they were. Over a hundred thousand Goblins, marching towards the city. An army of green and black. The Goblins marched in ranks, the undead shambling ahead of them. Straight towards Liscor. As if they knew what was expected of them. And behind, the Human army spread out.
“Watch Captain! Wall Lord! We have a hail from the Humans! A [Message] spell!”
“Report it.”
Ilvriss snapped at the Drake [Mage]. The Drake spoke up loudly enough for all to hear.
“They’re—they’re sending an apology, Wall Lord!”
“An apology?”
Zevara looked incredulous. The [Mage] nodded.
“They’re saying that they, uh, regret that their pursuit of the Goblin Lord has carried them this far. They’re attempting to engage the Goblins now, but will respect Liscor’s authority if we wish to initiate combat first.”
A roar of indignation went up across the wall. Zevara’s tail slapped the ground.
“Who sent that, Tyrion Veltras? That insolent bastard.”
“Send a counter-message. Inform them that we will allow them first opportunity at the Goblins. And ask what their plan of attack is.”
Ilvriss calmly replied. The [Mage] did so and came back instantly.
“They say they’ll engage the Goblins at distance, Wall Lord. With a number of new weapons.”
“Trebuchets?”
“Yes, sir.”
Ilvriss looked directly at Falene and spoke slowly.
“Tell the Humans that under no circumstances will we allow the use of such weapons around Liscor. For fear of…incidental fire.”
“I’ve said so, sir. But the Humans—they’re politely stating that they don’t wish to take ‘unnecessary casualties’. They’re assuring me that no mistakes will occur.”
A silence fell over the walls. Ilvriss nodded.
“Well then. We’ll see how good their word is, won’t we?”
Zevara spat over the battlements. Ceria looked from Ilvriss’ grim face, to Klbkch’s unreadable one. Ksmvr edged away from Klbkch and Olesm stared around.
“Well—well then, I suppose it’s time.”
Time, yes. The song and dance was over. Ceria stared at the Goblins. So did the others.
“What’s taking Erin?”
“I’m going to get her—”
Pisces spoke at the same time as Jelaqua, Halrac, and Bevussa. The adventurers looked at each other, and then Ceria pointed.
“There she is!”
