5.61
Page 12
Relief filled the half-Elf as she saw the door to the inn open at last. Erin came out, holding something bundled in her arm. And what looked like a quarterstaff. Ceria blinked as Erin fumbled with her burden and tried to lock the door. She heard a few curious voices behind her.
“What’s she holding?”
“Someone get a ladder!”
“Took her sweet time, didn’t she? Well, that’s just like her. Humans in general, really—”
“It would be like her to fall, begin drowning in one of the valleys and have us go rescue her, wouldn’t it?”
“Can she swim?”
“Did she bring a bed sheet? What, is she expecting to sleep through the siege?”
“Someone’s got to. Or did you think we’d man the walls all day?”
“Looks like she’s got a quarterstaff as well. What’s she doing with the—wait. Where is she going?”
The people on the wall stared. Erin was fumbling with the bed sheet and pole. And she was walking. Around her inn. Not towards Liscor. Ceria’s heart began to beat faster.
“Uh—maybe she’s going to the outhouse?”
“With the Goblins approaching?”
“Hell, I could pee off the walls.”
“Just pee?”
“She’s—not going to the outhouse.”
They stared. Erin was walking past the outhouses. Around the inn, down the hill. Away from Liscor. And she was still fumbling with the bed sheet. She was trying to insert the pole into it. Ceria’s mouth went dry.
“What’s Erin doing? Where is she going?”
The others looked at each other. Moore craned his head uncertainly.
“She’s heading towards the Goblins.”
“Is she insane?”
The question was entirely rhetorical. But even for Erin this was—her audience was frozen in place. Spellbound by something that wasn’t a spell, but pure madness. Erin was going towards the Goblins. And now she had the pole on the ground and was running the sheet down it. And—Ceria squinted. It looked peculiar. Familiar. The bed sheet was white, and the pole was quite, quite long. And as Erin hoisted it over her head, it looked just like—
“Oh no. Oh no.”
Ceria took a step back. The others took a moment to see what she was seeing, then Halrac swore.
“Someone get down there and stop her!”
“She can’t be doing that! No!”
Olesm clutched at his neck spines. Ilvriss’ jaw fell open. Falene just stared and the world stared too. Pisces looked down at Erin, and his eyes were wide.
“Is that—”
Ksmvr appeared and stared past Pisces. He nodded.
“It appears Miss Erin has a flag. A white flag. I believe she is going towards the Goblins in order to negotiate.”
“What, our surrender?”
The others stared at Ksmvr. Then Klbkch turned and snapped.
“Someone stop her. Now.”
Ceria lurched into motion at the command in his tone. She saw Bevussa spread her wings as Pisces put one leg over the battlements. Revi conjured one of her summoned warriors and the wall sprang to life. Then someone blew a horn.
It came from behind them. Ceria’s heart nearly came out of her mouth. Zevara snapped around.
“What the hell was that? Report! Are we under attack?”
“Is it reinforcements?”
Olesm whirled around. A [Guardsman] was sprinting towards them. He skidded to a stop.
“Watch Captain! It’s the southern wall! They said the Goblins—the other Goblins—they’ve changed course!”
Zevara stared at the Gnoll in horror.
“They’re doing what?”
 
—-
 
