5.62
Page 24
One of the Gold-rank captains exclaimed with dismay. Another, a man named Jackal, turned to the [Messenger].
“Which ones are we hitting? The Goblin Lord’s?”
“No, the Goblins defending Liscor.”
“Damn.”
Jackal swore. He looked at his team. The only other adventurer with a bow, their [Ranger], looked unhappy.
“Jack, what’s the point of this? You saw that girl. Are we supposed to shoot her, too?”
“Only the Goblins. Lord Veltras was very specific about that.”
The [Messenger] interjected unhelpfully. Jackal gave him a long look. The Gold-rank adventurer shook his head. He selected an arrow and put it to his shortbow. The odds of him hitting one of the Goblins from here was remote, but the other adventurers might have a shot.
“We’ve got orders. Tyrion wants those Goblins to lose. So…let’s support that Goblin Lord. Sight on those Hobs. That one on the hill with the bow.”
Reluctantly, the other adventurers took aim. They sighted on Badarrow, who was loosing arrow after arrow. Jackal’s grip tightened on his arrow.
“[Farseeker Arrows]. [Double Arrow].”
He could hear the other adventurers using similar Skills. Jackal drew back. He could see the Antinium pushing forwards. He gritted his teeth. And then he looked up. Something bright flashed in the sky.
“Dead gods! Take cover!”
Jackal pointed up, screamed and threw himself sideways. The other adventurers didn’t bother looking. They dove. And then they saw what Jackal had.
The arrow that flew down out of the sky was glowing, its tip sparking with electricity. An enchanted arrow. It detonated as it struck the earth in front of Jackal’s team. The men and women cried out as the lightning earthed itself, mostly harmlessly.
“My arm!”
“It got my armor!”
“Who shot that? A Goblin?”
The Humans milled about in a panic. Someone blew an alarm, but the adventurers were more concerned with the attack. Jackal pulled himself up. The [Ranger] grabbed his arm.
“That didn’t come from the Goblins. Jack! It came from the walls?”
“A Drake shot that?”
Jackal stared at Liscor. It was far too far away for anyone but a Level 30 [Archer] to hit them from. And an enchanted arrow? His eyes widened. He saw a figure standing on the battlements.
“Five families save me. That’s Halrac. He shot that arrow!”
The adventurers looked up. Some of them uttered oaths. Jackal looked at his companions uneasily.
“Is he—”
“He’s covering the Goblins.”
“He can’t do that!”
Another Gold-rank captain exclaimed. Her face was pale. She raised her bow.
“There’s one of him! He can’t stop us from—”
A second arrow blasted a hole in the dirt in front of her. The adventurer recoiled. Jackal stared at the walls. The distant shape drew another arrow. Jackal looked at his team. Slowly, he lowered his bow. The [Messenger] stared incredulously at him.
“What are you doing? Lord Veltras ordered you to attack the Goblins!”
“Yeah. I don’t think so. You want to take them out, get your [Archers]. Halrac’s got the angle on us and he uses enchanted arrows. And he’s got a new bow. Get the Kingslayer to do it.”
“She’s not—”
The [Messenger] clamped his lips shut. Jackal eyed him, but the man was already riding back. The Gold-rank teams stared as another arrow flew from the wall. But it wasn’t aimed at them. And then they saw more flashes of light.
“What are they doing?”
“They can’t be—”
“They’re supporting the Goblins.”
Jackal was surprised there was no warble in his voice. He stared at the walls. Halrac was loosing arrow after arrow into the Goblin Lord’s army. And he wasn’t the only one.
 
—-
 
