5.62
Page 36
He had one. Garen took it. He drank from the bottle. But the cursed wound wasn’t closing. He touched the wound at his chest. The Chieftain’s smile was bitter.
“Garen—”
Reiss reached for him and realized his arm was still missing. Garen offered him the bottle. His eyes were very tired.
“I will stop Humans. You got to the city.”
Yes.
Again, Reiss heard the voice. He stared at Garen. The Chieftain raised his blade. He stopped as Reiss held out an arm.
“No.”
Garen looked at Reiss. The Goblin Lord shook his head. He straightened, ignoring the little voice inside his head. He closed his eyes and listened to his heart instead.
“No. I will stop the Humans. You go to the city. Bring them inside. Save them.”
He looked at Garen. The Hobgoblin’s eyes widened. He met Reiss’ gaze and the Goblin Lord saw his eyes flicker a second in doubt. Reiss smiled and nodded.
“Go, brother.”
For a second Garen wavered. Then he reached out. Reiss took his hand. The two held each other, and the moment was all too brief and as long as forever. Then Garen turned.
“I’ll be waiting.”
“Not for long.”
Reiss called after him. Garen laughed. The two parted. Garen ran down the hill, blade held aloft. Reiss turned to face the Humans. He called the undead Shield Spider to him. The dead, rotting monstrosity crawled over. Reiss stared at the headless, mindless thing. Then he shook his head and climbed up. He nearly fell as he clung to its back. Then, slowly, he began to ride down the hill. Towards the Humans. Buying time. And behind him, his people ran for Liscor.
 
—-
 
It was over. But it wasn’t over. Zevara saw Tyrion charging and knew what he was doing. She screamed down at the soldiers on the ground.
“Seal the gates!”
The eastern wall was breached. The gates had been torn open. The wall was crumbling. Two more breaches had opened up. Enough space for the Goblins to flood into the gaps. If they entered the city, if the Humans did, Liscor would fall. Workers and Drakes and Gnolls swarmed around the entrance, trying to haul wood and stone into place. But so slowly.
The Goblins were running. Tyrion Veltras was coming across the Floodplains, a blur of speed crossing the hills and valley like lightning. They fled from him towards the only place that could offer safety.
Liscor.
Zevara saw them coming. She saw the Cave Goblins, the Redfangs, the very Goblins who’d fought for Liscor among the Goblin Lord’s forces. And she wavered.
“They’re coming for the city!”
A cry went up across the walls. Zevara looked down the battlements. The adventurers were staring. The army of Goblins swept towards them.
“Archers. Aim for the first rank of Goblins!”
Zevara’s voice was strangled. She saw Drakes and Gnolls look up. They slowly took aim. Olesm turned. He shouted in horror at Zevara.
“What are you doing? Those are the Redfangs! They fought for us!”
He ran towards Zevara. She knocked him back, pointing at the Goblin horde.
“They cannot enter the city. This is what Tyrion Veltras wants!”
“But they fought for us—”
“And the Goblin Lord’s army is right behind them! If they get into the city—”
Zevara choked on the possibility. Olesm stared at her, his scales white.
“Zevara—”
“Move aside! Tell the archers to loose the instant the Goblins get within range! Form a spear wall at the gates! Block them! I said block the gates!”
Zevara roared as she raced down the steps. She saw the Workers and [Builders] struggling to put a palisade in place. But it was too little. They were dragging chunks of stone from the broken wall over, trying to fill the gap. But there was not enough time.
“Watch Captain.”
