5.62
Page 46
“You could never imagine I’d do this. That is why you are a fool. A damned fool, Tyrion.”
“You have no honor. Not a shred of morality. I warn you—”
The [Lord]’s voice shook. Magnolia gazed at him.
“Well?”
“I will not be blackmailed. Not by you or anyone.”
Tyrion heard Jericha gasp. Magnolia’s right eye twitched. She stared hard at Tyrion.
“Really.”
“Touch them and—”
“It is your choice.”
“I will not be stopped.”
Something cold had replaced the Lord of the Veltras family. He spoke with icy calm. And he leveled his lance at Magnolia.
“Know that you will die. I swear it on my family name.”
“And I swear by my family that I will do what I promise.”
Magnolia stared at Tyrion. He hesitated. Fear crept into his heart, for all he tried to tell himself she was lying. But she wouldn’t. Not her.
“Lady Reinhart. You cannot—”
“Be silent, Jericha.”
The woman fell still. Magnolia regarded Tyrion. And then she slowly shook her head.
“Tyrion Veltras. You will turn around. Or everything you fear most will come to pass. But should that not sway you, if that is not enough—”
“What else could you do?”
Magnolia looked at Tyrion. As if she couldn’t believe he’d ask. She smiled, and it was a colder smile than Tyrion had ever seen before.
“To you? Nothing. However, I thought I’d remind our peers what they’re fighting for.”
Slowly, Tyrion looked around. And he realized that there were more projections hanging in the air. Images. Of [Ladies]. Lady Bethal, smiling, surrounded by her [Chevalier] and husband, Thomast. Her Rose Knights. Chattering to a pale Lady Ieka.
Lady Wuvren. Sipping tea and talking to an older woman in front of Lord Erill. The [Merchant Lord]’s lips were tight. His eyes were locked on his mother. She was looking from him to Wuvren, uncomprehending.
Lady Zanthia. Her house’s retainers stood at her back as she spoke to Lord Pellmia. The [Lord] was white. He stared past her at his city.
Tyrion looked around the battlefield. Not all the [Lords] and [Ladies] had the floating images projected to them. In fact, no more than a dozen had received the message. But it was enough. They looked to Tyrion, faces pale. Desperate. Unbelieving.
“Well?”
Magnolia waited. Tyrion looked back at her.
“This is war.”
“I thought it was already war with the Drakes. Or will you fight on two fronts at once?”
The mocking smile. Tyrion turned from her.
“Jericha. Cut the connection.”
“Lord Veltras?”
“Wait for my order.”
“Tyrion—”
Magnolia’s voice cut off abruptly. Lord Tyrion took a few deep breaths. He tried to calm himself. And then he slowly turned in his saddle.
The others looked at him. Lord Erill, Ieka, his aide, Jericha. An army, waiting, soaked in the blood of Goblins.
Tyrion’s head turned past the image of Magnolia. He looked to Liscor, walls cracked, gates partially blocked. In that moment, Tyrion Veltras’ eyes were cold. He glanced at his allies, soldiers, at Liscor, and at Magnolia. Weighing. Calculating.
The city of Liscor watched, not understanding what was happening. But word was already spreading. The world held its breath as, but for Tyrion Veltras, history would change. The [Lord] looked at Liscor and closed his eyes. Slowly, he opened his eyes and turned.
“Forwards.”
The world froze. Jericha opened her mouth. Tyrion looked at her.
“We march past Liscor. To the Blood Fields.”
The nobility stared at Tyrion in shock. He turned.
“Send a [Message] to the Drakes. The Goblin Lord is dead. However, I, Tyrion Veltras, challenge the Drakes. Meet me at the Blood Fields in six days. Let their armies face ours or forfeit.”
