6.00
Page 27
She picked up the pails and continued onwards. The man groaned and grasped the wooden handles of his pails as well. He spoke out of the corner of his mouth as he indicated Fierre’s shrouded body.
“I don’t know how she does it, scrawny as she is. I’m a Level 14 [Laborer], and I think these damn bags as heavy as one of those fat [Merchants] paying us. Fat sacks of lard they are, too. Too bad we can’t milk them.”
Ryoka grinned. The [Laborer] smiled too.
“Hey Wind Runner, mind conjuring us a breeze?”
“Why not?”
Ryoka raised a hand and a breeze sprung up. The men and women sighed in relief. And Ryoka sat and watched them fill the wagon until it was creaking under the load. And then the next wagon, and the next. Fierre really was quite strong for a girl who looked like she was in her teens. Very strong.
It was then that they found her. Ryoka’s fans. They came to her, clamoring, already having heard the latest tale about her. But they would have loved her even if she hadn’t just helped fight monsters. They all knew her name.
And that was her. Ryoka Griffin. Not famous. Liked a bit by adventurers, but not by her fellow Runners. And yet, she had a nickname. A title, which was an honor reserved only for famous City Runners and Couriers. Wind Runner. She had not been awarded that title by the Runners, who didn’t really know or like her. Or by the citizens of the cities around here, who had yet to know her. No, only one group had given her the nickname, but because it was them it had stuck and become part of memory.
It was them. Children. Some as young as four, some as old as ten or eleven. They raced down the street, holding mud balls made of wet dirt and grass. Laughing, and calling her name.
“Wind Runner, Wind Runner!”
“Wind Runner! Are you busy today?”
The Runner turned. She gave the children a smile.
“I’m not running today.”
“Then can you play?”
A little girl demanded. She was richer than the other children, at least if the white dress was any indication, but on the streets it didn’t matter. She held a mud ball and looked at Ryoka. The Runner laughed. She leaned back and waved a hand. And the wind blew.
“Do I have a choice? Well? Come at me, then.”
The children shouted in delight. As one—and to the horror of the [Shopkeeper] whose glass frontage Ryoka was leaning against, they threw their ammunition. Mud balls flew through the air towards Ryoka. She looked up—and the wind blew. The children watched with gaping mouths as the spheres of crumbing dirt reversed-course in midair and flew back at them. They scattered with screams of joy.
Kids. For some reason they really liked Ryoka. It was probably the wind. And Ryoka running with bare feet. And her showing them how to do tricks, like standing flips. And—maybe because she sort of liked them. Ryoka laughed as the kids threw mud and dirt at her, watching as sticks were caught in the wind and blown around her. The winds protected Ryoka like an ever-shifting shield.
One of them charged her, mud ball in hand. Ryoka felt the wind twist as he lunged at her, and he went flying backwards, rolling over and yelping. She laughed, and he did too when he got up.
“Come on, is that the best you can do?”
She lay flat on the ground. Outraged, the children charged her and the wind blew them back and forth, sending mud balls flying back at the thrower. Ryoka laughed and felt as silly as she’d ever been in her life. She felt young. And happy.
“Wind Runner! Do that thing! Please?”
