6.00
Page 26
“Six hours. You should get to a proper bed, Miss Ryoka. But before that—I hate to trouble you, but I’d like to give you this.”
The [Receptionist] handed Ryoka something. The Runner blinked at the small bag of gold and silver coins. She looked at it stupidly.
“What’s this?”
“Your fee, Miss Ryoka. We included the healing potions and other items you used. There’s more money for rescuing the wounded adventurer too.”
Ryoka stared down at the gold and silver coins. Then she looked up.
“Mine?”
“Yes.”
The [Receptionist] smiled at Ryoka’s vacant look.
“Maybe you should go lie down. You have an inn, don’t you?”
“It’s closed. Probably.”
Ryoka rubbed her face. She woke up a bit, and then stood up.
“I can climb in through the window. Thank you. I’ll—thanks.”
The [Receptionist] stood back and shook her head.
“No need to thank me, Miss Griffin. I just did my job. But you—well, I’ve heard of Runners doing emergency deliveries, but you helped take out the Wailer Frogs.”
“I just…used a bit of wind magic. I have a Skill.”
Ryoka lied automatically. The [Receptionist] nodded.
“Be that as it may. I feel like I owe you an apology, Miss Griffin. I heard some rumors that—well, I think they were wrong. But you should know, someone’s told every Runner’s Guild north of Invrisil about you. And not in flattering terms.”
“Really? Well, I’m sure they were only half-true.”
Ryoka gave her a blank look. The [Receptionist] covered a smile.
“Thanks.”
“It was my pleasure, Miss Griffin.”
“I’m Ryoka. And who’re you?”
“My name is Alime. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“Likewise. Thank you, Alime.”
Ryoka shook the hand. Then she waved at Termin. He waved back. Bemusedly, Ryoka looked around. The other Runners blinked at her. She smiled.
“Hi. Good morning.”
And then she wandered out of the Runner’s Guild.
 
—-
 
The sun was bright. Ryoka half-asleep. But she woke up as she wandered about Reizmelt. Outside of the Runner’s Guild, few people gave her a second look, except perhaps to note the color of her skin, her different complexion. They hadn’t heard about the Pithfire Hounds yet. Only the [Guards] on the gates had.
Ryoka didn’t care about that. She kept feeling the little bag of gold. It was more money than she’d earned in two weeks of running deliveries. She remembered the panic, and felt the relief course through her again. She’d done it. Lamont was alive. She didn’t know him. She’d never said a word to him, except to tell him to stay awake or warn him he was about to be in pain. But she was happy he was alive.
She’d done it. The wind blew around Ryoka, warming her. And then Ryoka was in the plaza square. Alber wasn’t there. But she saw a pale, hooded figure walking past her with two extremely heavy-looking pails, one in each hand. The lids were covered, and the pails were clearly full of some kind of liquid.
“I thought you only had two jobs.”
Fierre turned as Ryoka blinked stupidly at her. She blinked in surprise, and then smiled.
“I work multiple jobs.”
“Oh. What’re you doing?”
Another man stopped, his forehead already covered in sweat, and put down the pails he was carrying.
“What’s it look like? Hauling this crap from a storage house to a caravan”
He grunted and pointed. A wagon was parked ahead of them, being loaded by other men and a few women who were placing the heavy pails in the back. A man in rich clothing was supervising. Fierre nodded.
“Part-time job. We’re hauling fresh milk bound to Invrisil, and grain. Sorry, I’d stop to talk but we have to get these in the wagons before they spoil. There are no runes of preservation except in one of the wagons—for the milk.”
