6.00
Page 28
Ryoka looked up. A group of children had made a sail. They’d already learned how to play with bed sheets, and a group of children soared past Ryoka, holding up a large white sheet like a sail, laughing madly. She smiled too.
The wind was not her friend. It was unpredictable, and that made it dangerous. But right now, right here, there was nothing to worry about. She smiled, weary, but relieved, and she knew she was at the strongest she could ever be. She pointed, and the group of four children screamed with delight and alarm as the wind threatened to blow and the sheet them upwards, like the precursor to a hot air balloon.
“A moment of grace.”
“What is?”
Ryoka looked up. Fierre was watching the children play, a smile on her face. The girl stood in the shadows, tugging the hood over her face. Her pale skin looked…burnt. Despite her barely being in the sun. Ryoka sat up as the kids soared past her, screaming to go higher.
“Fierre.”
“Hi…Ryoka.”
“Are you off work?”
Fierre shrugged.
“I don’t have to work at my job with letters, if that’s what you’re asking. There’s not enough in the Runner’s Guild. And I just finished doing the hauling job.”
“Oh. Did it pay much?”
“A silver coin for an hour’s work. Good money if you don’t mind sweating hard.”
Fierre showed Ryoka a coin in one gloved hand. Ryoka noticed she was not sweating. The two waited together, watching the children play. Fierre looked down at Ryoka.
“I heard about the adventuring team. Mad Madain kept us informed. He’s happy. I think he’s grateful to you.”
“Well, he is a former adventurer. I guess they stick together.”
“Yes, they do.”
Fierre gave Ryoka an older smile than her face and body should have held. She looked at Ryoka.
“I didn’t know you volunteered to take on requests like that.”
“I…knew some adventurers. Down south. It’s just something I want to do if I can. I’m glad it worked out. It doesn’t always.”
“No. It doesn’t.”
Ryoka felt sleepy, but content. In this moment, talking to Fierre felt easy and pleasant. The girl looked down at her and suddenly asked a question.
“What’s it like? Being a Runner?”
“It’s not easy. Why, do you want to be one?”
Fierre looked wistful.
“I don’t think I could be. Maybe at night—but it’s harder than it looks, isn’t it?”
“Yes. It’s lonely. And dangerous.”
“Have you been doing it long? You’re new, as Runners go. I don’t mean to pry, but I hear things in my job—”
“No, it’s fine. I am new. I’ve been running all my life, but I’ve only been a Runner for less than a year. And really, I’ve only started taking my job seriously…now.”
“Really? But you were a City Runner in Celum. A good one, or so I heard.”
Fierre coughed. It might have been her cold, or an allusion to her profession. Ryoka nodded, frowning.
“Yeah, but I don’t think I understood what it meant back then. I didn’t take my job as seriously. It was just…a job. But now? When I’m running for adventurers, it matters. People’s lives are on the line. So I do my best. Sometimes I’m too late. But I’ll keep getting faster. Better.”
“Until you become a Courier?”
“Huh? Maybe. Until I can go back. I’ve…decided to get better. I’m not going back until I can be useful. Until I can actually…you know?”
Ryoka looked up. But Fierre nodded as if she did know.
“It’s hard. Even Couriers struggle up here. Especially if you get mixed up in bad deliveries. I hope you can get better. You can certainly do—that. It’s a Skill, right?”
