6.00
Page 29
She pointed at the children, playing in the wind. One of them threw a handful of grass and watched it fly upwards, laughing. The wind blew it into a pair of open shutters and there was an exclamation of outrage. The children scattered in fear and Ryoka winced.
“Yeah. It’s a Skill. I can’t control it. But it’s uh, [Runner’s Wind]. A very rare Skill.”
“It must be nice.”
Fierre looked mildly jealous. Ryoka shrugged.
“It’s frustrating sometimes. I wish I could do more. You know the feeling?”
“All the time.”
A rueful smile. And a flash of sharp canines. Ryoka glanced at Fierre.
“So uh, what’s it like being a vampire?”
“Well, you kn—”
Fierre paused. What color there was in her face drained completely away. She looked down at Ryoka and the Asian girl grinned sheepishly at her.
“Um…”
“You—how did—I’m not—”
Fierre leapt up. She backed away from Ryoka, stammering. Her hand went to her mouth. Ryoka got up hurriedly, held a hand out.
“Wait a second, I’m not going to tell anyone. I just guessed. I am right, aren’t I? Fierre?”
“I can’t talk about it. Please don’t tell anyone. Please don’t.”
Fierre backed up towards an alleyway, her eyes wide and pleading. Ryoka nodded slowly.
“I won’t. I promise. I just want to talk. I won’t tell anyone, I swear.”
“Good. Thank you. I have to—have to go. Now. I’m sorry.”
Fierre turned and fled. Ryoka half moved to go after her, but her legs were wobbly. Behind her, the children exclaimed in disappointment. The wind died down. They dispersed, and Ryoka stayed where she was. She cursed inside, but only mildly. It hadn’t gone that badly.
After a while, Ryoka realized she hadn’t had lunch. So she trundled over to a tavern and got a hot potato loaded with extras. It was as close to fast food as she could get, so Ryoka walked back to The Huntress’ Haven, eating it and listening to her stomach voice approval. She hoped it was open so she could sit in her room. Take a bath, get the dirty clothes off her—and think about what to say to Fierre. This time she’d be smooth about it. Just tell her she was a…historian? No, that she knew some of the old legends and she was totally fine with vampires, just curious. And then she had all the questions she wanted to ask—tactfully—
Ryoka reached for the door and discovered it was open. Much to her relief. She stepped into the inn and didn’t hear Madain banging about. Which was fine. Ryoka walked up to her room, eating the last bits of her potato. She pushed on the door to her room before she remembered she needed a key. She reached for her pocket—
And the door swung open. Ryoka blinked. She’d forgotten to lock it. Damn. Well, it wasn’t as if she had anything important in there. It was all in her bag of holding. Which reminded her, she needed to stock up on more loose dirt to repeat her sandstorm attack. Sand-attack. Hah! Pokémon wins again. Ryoka walked into the room and saw a shadow move. She spun—
“No! Fierr—”
The slim arms encircled Ryoka’s neck before she could speak. She choked, and threw herself back. But Fierre was clinging to her back, and she was strong. Ryoka couldn’t even throw her off.
“Don’t—not—”
Ryoka gasped for air. She hammered Fierre with her arms and elbows, but the vampire girl didn’t so much as flinch. She tightened her grip further and the world went—
 
—-
 
Ryoka woke up somewhere else. Her body hurt. Especially around the neck. Not because of a vampire bite. More because of her crushed windpipe. Ryoka coughed, tried to sit up, and then felt weak all over. She felt bruised, knocked about—and then she realized it was dark. She’d definitely missed dinner.
