6.00
Page 19
It was an unspoken thing, but Runners didn’t like delivering for adventuring teams. The risk was too great they’d run into a monster, and if a team was in trouble, odds were that said monsters would go after the Runner as much as the adventurers. That earned them a reputation for reneging or ignoring adventurer’s requests. Hence, most adventurers disliked Runners as cowards and were looked down upon in return.
But Ryoka had known adventurers whom she was proud to call friends. Who she did not deserve to call friends. So she had put herself on a list of one, at least in Reizmelt. If an adventuring party called for help, the guild sent for Ryoka before trying to find a City Runner, much less a Courier willing to take the request.
Ryoka threw open the door to the Runner’s Guild. It was virtually empty, but the same [Receptionist] that had been there in the morning was awake, holding a piece of parchment. She was poring over a map by a lantern’s light. Ryoka strode over.
“I’m here. Where are they?”
“Out in the plains. Over an hour’s run away.”
The [Receptionist] looked up as the Street Runner caught up, panting. He closed the door and the [Receptionist] handed Ryoka the [Message] that had been transcribed on the parchment. Ryoka read it as the woman explained.
“They were clearing a cave and ran into a complex of tunnels. They awakened a group of Wailer Frogs—”
“What are they?”
“Frogs that made incredible noise. They can deafen—and they’re able to scream so loudly they can shatter glass. The team, Pithfire Hounds, ran into them and lost all of their potions. Their [Mages] are out of mana and they’ve being pursued.”
“They can’t outrun them?”
Ryoka was surprised. The [Receptionist] shook her head. She pointed at a spot on the map, close to where Ryoka had just been running. It looked like the adventuring team had been working close to the Himalt Swamplands and retreated towards Reizmelt.
“The frogs are fast—but the main thing slowing them down is their wounded. They report that one of their [Warriors] was nearly consumed by the Wailer Frogs. He’s bleeding inside and has broken his ribs, arms, and possibly other bones.”
“Broken his—how big are Wailer Frogs?”
The [Receptionist] looked up.
“Big enough to eat some people whole. They have a powerful leap, but their main threat is their ability to scream. If you’re not careful they’ll paralyze you or make you deaf and then swarm over you. The Pithfire’s horses are all dead and they’ve been fleeing on foot. They need healing and mana potions.”
“Do you have them? If they’re made of glass, won’t the frogs—”
“Here.”
The [Receptionist] had nine bottles, three mana potions, six healing potions. All in wooden containers.
“It’s all we could fill. There are six more potions in these glass bottles—here. If you can leave them out of range of the frogs—”
“Got it.”
Ryoka grabbed the potions and threw them into her bag of holding. She strode for the door. The [Receptionist] called out to her.
“The adventurers are fighting the frogs! How should they pick up your delivery? If you get too close—”
The Wind Runner’s head turned.
“I’ll give them an opening. Tell them I’m on my way.”
And then she was gone.
 
—-
 
