6.00
Page 21
The Pithfire Hounds were fighting in the grasslands ahead of Ryoka. There were six of them. Two were carrying a downed teammate, his armor crushed, bones poking out of the chest they’d stripped of armor. The other three were fighting a group of ten or more huge, huge shapes in the darkness. One leapt, and another inhaled, its throat-sac inflating massively. The croaking, bellowing sound was loud beyond belief. And then it opened its mouth and screamed.
The sound deafened the adventurers, and stripped them of what hearing they had left. Their leader, pointing a wand, threw a bit of fire, but it was weak. His ears were bleeding. The frogs leapt back, wary, and then one jumped forwards.
A barking dog leapt at the frog. It was big, a proper wolfhound, but even larger than the ones from Ryoka’s world. It was half-maddened by the Wailer Frogs. The frog leapt back in alarm, and then it opened its mouth impossibly wide. It tried to envelop the dog.
At the last minute, a [Beast Tamer] charged forwards and tackled his dog. He dragged the animal back as the Wailer Frog narrowly avoided swallowing the wolfhound whole. His friend shouted at him, their words unintelligible. They couldn’t hear themselves.
“We have to go! Keep running!”
The [Pyromancer] in charge pointed at the man and woman carrying the wounded adventurer. They were panting, barely able to walk.
“We’ll never make it! We have to fight!”
“Lamont’s dying!”
“Keep running!”
The [Mage] pointed and threw another spark of fire. But the Wailer Frogs had learned the fire wasn’t nearly as strong and closed in. Hop, hop. It was comical—until one smashed into the second [Mage] trying to fend them off with a gust of fire. She screamed as the frog opened its mouth and bent over her.
“Tally!”
The adventurers ran as one. One stayed with the stricken Lamont. The other three charged at the Wailer Frog as the [Beast Tamer] let go of his dog. The five adventurers and dog stabbed the frog, battering it and heaving it off their friend. She lay on the ground, clutching her ribs, screaming, as the frog leapt back.
They were too large. Too large, too many—if only they had their potions. Two of their [Mages] were out of mana and one of their warriors was down. The others had no healing potions. The adventurers looked at each other in desperation as the frogs screamed again. The dog wavered, then threw up. So did the [Pyromancer]. He wiped his mouth and found blood mixed with the vomit.
The sound was enough to make them ill. Even if they couldn’t hear it. He turned, desperately.
“Run! If we can get to Reizmelt—”
It was a futile thought. The adventurer’s Guild had been alerted, but they were too far away yet. Even if an adventuring team tried to get to them, how long would it take to rouse them, let alone run all this way? They’d send a request for a Runner, but would one really come?
Not any of the Runners from Reizmelt that he knew. But the leader of the Pithfire Hounds hoped. He hoped, because there was nothing else he could do. He was turning, grabbing at his friends, trying to urge them to run another hundred feet, when he saw it.
Something on the horizon. A cloud in the night. At first the [Pyromancer], Levil, couldn’t believe what he was seeing. He thought it was a trick of the light. Then he realized it was no cloud. Or at least, it wasn’t one from the sky.
