6.00
Page 25
Four of his teammates walked with him. And one of their dogs, Makki. The other one, Dassa, was gone. Levil didn’t know what to say to their owner, Bram. The man was wiping tears away as he forced Makki to follow him. In truth, Levil was just tired and relieved.
They were alive. The Wailer Frogs had gone down to fire and more fire. With healing potions and mana potions, his team had put them down in a long fight. They still might have lost, but the frogs had lost their ability to wail. Their lungs had been filled with dirt. So they’d been saved twice over by the Runner who’d answered their call.
“Levil. I got in touch with Reizmelt’s Runner’s Guild.”
The other [Mage] of their team, Ullica, came over to Levil. She was pale from overusing her spells, but held herself upright through willpower as much as anything else. She was clutching her ribs—the healing potions must not have fully worked.
Levil looked up.
“That Runner. Did she make it back? Is Lamont—”
“He’s alive. I told them she came here and made the delivery—and that she was bringing him back. They told me—he’s alive. All broken up, but the [Healer]’s with him. We can see him when we get back to the city.”
A sigh ran through the adventurers. Keima hugged Bram. He just stood still, closing his eyes.
“Thank the houses. Can you get them to send us a transport? I don’t think we can walk—”
Levil croaked. Ullica nodded. There was a moment of silence as she conveyed the request, and then Levil looked up.
“That Runner. Who was she?”
He could still remember the cloud, and the wind that had followed her. It had been magic. Or—or something. He wasn’t sure. Ullica looked back at him.
“She’s the Wind Runner.”
“A Courier?”
For a second Levil’s heart constricted as he worried about what a Courier might charge for an emergency delivery. But they’d pay it if they had to. They were alive—but Ullica shook her head.
“No. A City Runner.”
“That was a City Runner?”
Keima looked disbelieving. Bram shook his head.
“I’ve never heard of her. IF she’s got a title, why haven’t we gotten word? We keep up to date with all the big names around here.”
“Probably because she’s not a big name.”
“But she’s called…?”
Levil was confused and tired. He went to sit down. Ullica did likewise. The Pithfire Hounds sat in the grass, too tired to move. Ullica spoke exhaustedly.
“I don’t know. That’s what they named her. And I guess it stuck. She’s really, really popular, apparently.”
“With who? Runners?”
“Nah.”
That was all Ullica said. Levil waited, and then he realized she’d passed out. She lay in the grass, sleeping. He nearly laughed, and didn’t when he saw Bram and Makki lying together.
“Well, I’ll remember her. We owe her. The Wind Runner. It’s…”
Levil searched for words as the others slowly drifted off to sleep. The [Pyromancer] blinked.
“Fitting.”
And then his head fell back and he fell asleep.
 
—-
 
“Miss Griffin? Miss Griffin?”
Ryoka woke up. She looked around, realized she was sitting at a table, and looked up. The [Receptionist]’s face was filling her vision. Ryoka sat up, realized sunlight was shining through the windows of the Runner’s Guild, and looked around.
“Where—how’s Lamont? Are the Pithfire—”
“All alive. Miss Ryoka, your job’s done. You should rest.”
“I’m fine.”
Ryoka spoke automatically, and then realized she had an audience. A few Street Runners and some City Runners were staring at her. And so was the [Wagon Driver] she’d met. Termin. He was sitting at a table, a mug in his hands.
“How long was I asleep?”
