6.00
Page 12
Jerk. He didn’t have to look at me as if I was pond scum. I know I’m dirty. And yes, my fingers are dirty. Okay, I could have wiped them, but I forgot. And what if Lord Beil—whatever wants to send a letter back, full of salacious sexual tension? I could take the letter and save him a trip to the Runner’s Guild. I could even wait outside and come back!
But no, instead I get sent off. Think it was easy running through the marshlands? I was on the lookout the entire time for a Swamp Troll or something moving in the waters. I nearly peed myself when that frog croaked.
Stomp, stomp, stomp. I calm down a few minutes after leaving the mansion. I have to remind myself to be calm. The wind helps. I take a few deep breaths. Speak in my head because speaking out loud tends to get people looking at you strange.
Calm down, Ryoka. You did your job. You got paid for it—well, you’ll get paid for it. You did it, you were professional, you didn’t snap at the [Guards] and you even made them laugh. You said good morning. Now you’ll get some food, maybe see if there’s a bathhouse, go to the Runner’s Guild…you can even use a tiny bit of healing potion for those bites. You did it. Now get out of your head.
The young woman shook her head. And she stopped obsessing over the last encounter she’d had, no matter how much she wanted to. It was hard at first, and then she looked up and felt the wind swirl around her.
“Hoi, Miss Runner! Got the boot, did you? That swanky butler tell you off before or after he took your delivery?”
The [Guards] on the gate were switching posts. Ryoka looked up and grinned. Suddenly, they didn’t seem so bad. She shouted at the taller, brown-haired one as the shorter one with red hair and freckles grinned at her.
“I didn’t even get through the front door. Last time I do a delivery to this [Lord]! Next time he can run through the swamps instead.”
They laughed at that.
“Our city’s not that bad! You just need to take the main road. No one maintains the swamp route—not in the spring.”
“No one told me that. The [Receptionist] at my Runner’s Guild said it was fine.”
“Hah! Where are you from?”
“Reizmelt.”
“Oh? Not far! Hey, I have a cousin who lives around there. He’s a [Butcher]. Do you think I could send a letter with you?”
“For a copper coin, sure. I’m going back there. If you can get it to the Runner’s Guild within the hour I’ll take it with the bulk letter delivery and anything else headed that way.”
The shorter [Guard] brightened. He nudged his companion.
“Hear that? All I need now is a [Scribe]. Who’s open at this hour?”
“Mm. Try the fat lady down Elmheart’s road?”
“But she’s no fun.”
“She’s married, Greilm.”
The two’s banter somehow reminded Ryoka of another pair of [Guardsmen]. She smiled.
“Right, but before that—do you know where I can get something hot to eat?”
“They’ve got wonderful seared fish at this inn—or if you’re in the mood, fresh bread’s being sold at this [Bakery] with cheese in the filling—”
The two directed Ryoka to a number of the best eats according to them. And soon Ryoka was chomping down a hot cheesy mini loaf of bread and a seared fish straight from the marshes. Belly full, she was even able to smile as she went into the Runner’s Guild this time.
“Delivery to turn in. Here’s the seal.”
“Lord Malt’s seal? I hope you didn’t go to him looking like…”
The girl at the counter raised her eyes at Ryoka’s condition. The young woman made a face. The girl was barely sixteen, but she was giving Ryoka the same knowing look the [Guards] had.
“It was a priority delivery. I thought speed was important.”
