6.00
Page 6
“Try Blaiseford. That’s where—”
Someone knocked on the door and kicked once. Both girls froze. Ryoka went still, and Fierre looked up. She reached for something on the counter. A bell. She rang it once. The two heard footsteps, and whomever was there left. They’d be back in thirty minutes. Or they’d find someone else.
“Blaiseford?”
Fierre looked at Ryoka as if nothing had happened. Ryoka nodded, glancing back at the door. Fierre noticed the look.
“Don’t worry. Even if they saw you come in, no one’s reporting you. If they do, they’re in trouble.”
Reassured, Ryoka nodded. Fierre went back to looking through the book. At last, she peered at a little entry and made a sound.
“Ah. Here it is. You’re delivering to Lord Beilkit. Of House Malt.”
“Malt?”
Ryoka suppressed a smile. Fierre looked up. Her lips twitched for a second.
“They’re an old family. A hundred and…two years old. They earn their profits through their lands, actually. Sheep is big on their estates.”
“I see. How about the letter?”
“Let me check.”
Fierre reached for a drawer, pulled out an amulet with a clear stone. She ran it over the letter lightly and shook her head.
“No reaction. Want me to open it? It’s just a wax seal—there’s no trick to the letter that I can see.”
“Please.”
“One second.”
Fierre reached over for a little blade, very flat, and lit a candle. She began warming the blade before carefully teasing at the wax seal as Ryoka watched. The running girl had a moment of qualm as she watched. But only a moment. She watched Fierre begin to tease the seal off the letter. The girl looked up.
“You might want to stand back.”
“Right. Sorry.”
Ryoka retreated to the end of the room. If Fierre had thought it was dangerous, she would have told Ryoka to wait outside. The girl opened the letter slowly, her movements careful, taking care to leave the seal intact. But both she and Ryoka were waiting to see what the letter contained.
Fierre was a Runner’s fence. Or perhaps information broker was a better word. Ryoka knew that Fierre didn’t really deal on the wrong end of the law—certainly not enough for the local authorities to worry about her. She was…an opener. And what she opened were envelopes.
The Runner’s Guild had a strict code. Runners delivered messages, through storms and mud, outrunning monsters and hiding from bandits. They were an incorruptible force that existed only to deliver goods and messages across the continent at lightning speed.
In theory. In practice, Runners were as corruptible as any organization. More so in fact; Runners didn’t earn a lot to risk their lives, at least, unless they were Couriers or had cushy, safe contracts available at all times. So that meant their loyalty towards the people they delivered for was negotiable.
Highly negotiable, in fact. In the north, where information was worth gold, selling details about who was sending what to whom was highly profitable. Ryoka hadn’t known that when she’d first come north, but after two weeks of earning barely enough silver and copper to survive, she’d picked up on how things were done. She’d paid for information, and found out that Fierre was one of Reizmelt’s local go-betweens, the person every Runner knew but didn’t talk about. The person they went to when they wanted to know what they were carrying.
