6.00
Page 16
Ryoka saw the shop’s door close and realized she’d missed her chance to say hi. Of course, she could; Fierre was probably working away inside. Erin would brush right in, ask about the flowers and if they were good in a stir fry, and probably help Fierre out while chatting to Miss Kelysta. And Ryoka could do that. All she had to do was open the door…
For a solid twenty seconds Ryoka hesitated in front of the shop’s door. Then she turned away. She slunk off as a voice in her head berated her for her cowardice. But Ryoka kept going. Maybe next time. You couldn’t win them all.
 
—-
 
Be a better person. Be sociable. Run faster. Learn to read the wind. Ryoka tried to put that mantra into practice that night, as she ate a Corusdeer steak. Rare. The Huntress’ Haven was bustling, Madain was in a good mood from a successful hunt, and Ryoka was enjoying her food.
What kept Madain’s unique inn afloat was the fact that he served meat almost every night, and that his alcohol was cheap. As such, the dining hour earned him a lot of his profits. That didn’t meant the inn was full to bursting—it just meant there were more people in it than his three regulars.
And Ryoka got a steak. Fresh, only a tiny bit too bloody, and she could have seconds if she wanted. If you could get over the early hours and Madain, staying at his inn really was rewarding. But it wasn’t the [Innkeeper] Ryoka was focused on tonight. Madain was busy serving food in between telling stories of his glory days to anyone who would listen.
No, it was Alber that Ryoka was interested in. And Fierre, but the girl didn’t let anyone eat with her. Ryoka noted—only because she made a point of spotting anything that confirmed her theory—that Fierre’s steak was so bloody it could have gotten up and walked.
Alber was sitting at a table, eating alone like Ryoka. He had several bruises unlike her, but it looked like he’d come out ahead without any fights against adventurers. He was eating slowly and Ryoka wondered if he’d cut his mouth. The [Fist Fighter] was surprisingly reluctant to use healing potions of any kind—maybe he’d learned that it wouldn’t toughen his body if he healed up right away.
Now was the time. Ryoka had exchanged good mornings with Alber for an entire week now, and she’d even had that bonding moment with him being knocked flat the other day. She got up and carefully walked over with half her steak on her plate. Alber looked up as Ryoka came over.
“Uh, hi. Mind if I sit?”
Brilliant opening. Just, 100% smooth style. But Alber just nodded and cleared his gloves out of the way. Ryoka sat across from him, which immediately felt like the wrong move. He glanced up at her.
“So. How was business?”
“Fine.”
Alber looked up, slightly uncomfortable. That made two of them. Ryoka tried to smile, and then realized she looked even weirder. Calm down. Do the Erin thing.
“Uh—had any good fights?”
“One. A [Miner]. Good punches. Got me twice.”
Alber gestured to a bruise on his upper collarbone, and tapped his ribs. Ryoka nodded.
“I’ve seen you fighting every day. You’re pretty good. Self-taught?”
“That’s right.”
“Have you ever taken lessons? I mean, from someone else. I’m only asking because I know a thing or to. About fist fighting.”
Alber looked up from his steak.
“You do?”
Ryoka nodded, encouraged by the way this was going.
