6.00
Page 11
And apparently, the marshlands hated her. By the time Ryoka reached the city of Blaiseford’s Lookout, which sat far enough away from the marshlands, she’d decided that the ‘shortcut’ through the marshes was not worth it. True, it had saved her hours, and she’d reached Blaiseford in six hours, but she was muddy, and a few bugs had managed to bite her despite the wind’s protection.
“Is that a Runner I see, or a marsh monster?”
One of the [Guards] at the gate called down at Ryoka as she jogged up to the entrance. She opened her mouth to snap. And then she caught herself. Wait. He was smiling. It was a joke. Ryoka reconfigured what she was about to say.
“You try running through that damn marsh and not slipping. Why the hell did you decide to build a city at the edge of a marsh, anyways? Are you all crazy?”
The [Guard] chortled, and one of his fellows called down.
“It’s good hunting! And we’ve got [Farmers] who love the place! They drained a new patch of land and they’re growing crops faster than we can eat them! What’s not to love? So long as we don’t have to get near the place.”
“True enough.”
Ryoka shook her head. There was a lot she could say about draining wetlands and ecology—but after slipping twice and finding the swampy waters around her, she wasn’t in the mood to speak up for the marshes. She looked up at the [Guards].
“Mind giving me directions? I’m on a delivery to the uh, Malt Estates.”
“Oh, it’s to the left. Just follow the nicer roads. You’ll see it poking over the rooftops. Big building. Blue roof tiles. You see it?”
The [Guards] pointed Ryoka over, smiling. She nodded and waved at them. See? Wasn’t that easy? And she hadn’t cursed at them or flipped them off.
Better. Ryoka ran down the street, attracting few head turns for her appearance. But no one had heard of her in this city. She stopped in front of a very rich mansion that was set inside the city. Rather incongruously, but Ryoka supposed that it was important to stay inside the walls. She walked up the steps to the door and rapped on it loudly.
“City Runner on delivery!”
She waited for a minute. Then the door opened. A very proper [Butler] opened the door and blinked at Ryoka. Not in surprise, but more distaste. His gaze went first to Ryoka’s muddied clothing and then to the two missing fingers on her right hand. And then to her bare and muddy feet.
“You have a letter for Lord Beilkit? Please present it.”
“Here you are. May I request the seal?”
Ryoka fumbled for the letter. The [Butler] looked askance at her slightly grimy fingers touching the letter, but Ryoka wouldn’t give it to him until he presented the seal and she’d checked it. They exchanged letter and seal.
“Thank you. Is there a return letter? I’m available to wait if—”
“No. Good day to you, Miss Runner.”
The [Butler] coldly shut the door. Ryoka stared at the door and heard his footsteps moving off. She bit her lip. No tip. It sometimes occurred, especially in noble houses. Magnolia Reinhart had been famous for her tips—now, wasn’t that an old memory? But nope, not here. All she got was a dirty look after six hours straight of running. Ryoka turned and began walking away. She was hungry, tired, and she wanted a bath.
 
—-
 
Okay, so some days aren’t the greatest. I can’t help but curse that [Butler] as I walk away from the fancy mansion. I try to shed as much dirt from my feet on the lovely white stone tiles as I do.
