6.00
Page 1
Ryoka chose one of the bowls and sat at a nearby table. Alber, without so much as a word, did the same. The [Innkeeper] didn’t care. He was already wolfing down his breakfast, which, Ryoka had to note, he’d added two eggs and a heel of bread to. Her bowl was unadorned.
“Good morning, Mister Madain.”
This time Ryoka didn’t get to greet him first. She’d been…choosing her moment when the other two guests of the inn came down the stairs. The person who’d spoken was a thin girl, wrapped up in layers of clothing. She spoke carefully, her pale face poking out of her clothing. She sniffed, and wiped her nose. Madain, or ‘Mad Madain’ as people called him behind his back and when they were sure he was out of earshot, looked up. He grinned at the young woman and the rather woebegone man behind her.
“Morning, Fierre. And morning to you, whoever you are. Enjoy your sleep?”
The fourth guest of Mad Madain’s inn, The Huntress’ Haven, blinked. He was a [Trader]. New to the city of Reizmelt. And apparently ill-liked, because no one had warned him of this inn’s particular idiosyncrasies. He blinked and looked at Madain.
“I, uh, did. Thank you, Mister Madain. But uh, I didn’t know we’d be waking up—”
“Like it? I came up with it myself. We all get up at the same time and eat together! I can lock up the inn that way. Here. Breakfast.”
The [Trader] looked into the last bowl of meaty soup—the double of the one he’d eaten last night. Fierre had already taken her bowl and was quietly eating it. He gulped.
“I uh, I think I might go out for breakfast, sir. Did you say you’ll be locking up?”
Madain scowled.
“Yeah. In ten minutes. You want something from your rooms, you get it now, got it? Otherwise I’ll be back in the afternoon.”
“Ah. W-when?”
The question seemed to be too much for Madain. He slapped the table with an open palm.
“I don’t know! Sometime!”
The [Trader] looked around. He got nothing from Ryoka, Alber, or Fierre. All three had heard variations of this argument before and wanted no part of it. Ryoka’s only concern was filling her stomach, and then figuring out how to wish Fierre a good morning too.
“But this is an inn, isn’t it? Couldn’t you leave it open?”
“If I had a staff, yeah. I don’t. And I’m not leaving my inn open to get stolen from.”
Madain scowled.
“But if a [Thief] broke into it—”
“I’ll hunt him down, and cut his balls off. What’s the problem, man? Either eat or stop asking questions! My food’s getting cold!”
The two men stared at each other for a long moment. The [Trader] searched for words, and then shook his head.
“I’m—going to get my things. Please don’t lock up. I want to pay for my room.”
He went back up the stairs. Madain glowered and shouted at his back.
“You’re still paying for the nights you booked your room for!”
There was no reply. The [Innkeeper] turned back to his bowl. His three remaining guests didn’t catch his eye. Madain glowered at his meal.
“Good. I didn’t like him anyways.”
No one replied. The scene just witnessed was a common one at The Huntress’ Haven. Ryoka, who’d only been staying here for two weeks, was used to it already. And she had to be—you either learned to deal with the most infamous [Innkeeper] in all of Reizmelt, or you found somewhere else to stay. Most chose to find somewhere else to stay.
