6.00
Page 23
He turned. The other [Mage] was drinking a potion. She wiped her mouth, spat dirt. Flames burst from the tip of her wand.
“Lamont. He’s healing, but it’s not enough. His bones are broken and they’re not going back—”
One of the adventurers was bending over her friend. Ryoka saw the exposed fragments of bone twisting in his chest and felt sick. He was groaning, his eyes white. She saw the woman reach for another potion.
“Don’t!”
Ryoka knocked the bottle out of her hands. The woman turned on her, grasping at a sword.
“His bones aren’t set. You’ll only make his injuries worse! He needs a [Healer] to set him or he’s dead! Do you understand?”
The adventurer hesitated. The [Pyromancer] was conjuring fire.
“We’re too far away from the city. We have to stand and fight. Those bastard frogs won’t let us get away!”
Sure enough, Ryoka saw the Wailer Frogs heaving up the dirt they’d swallowed. They were visibly sick, but still intent on the adventurers. And even angrier.
“We can’t leave Lamont. He’s still bleeding—”
The flesh had healed, but in the process, the exposed bones had torn open his skin again. The female adventurer was trying to staunch the bleeding, but she didn’t know how. Ryoka knelt, feeling at her bag of holding.
“I’m [Healer]-certified. Let me see!”
They let her see the wound. Ryoka sucked in her breath as she saw the damage. She had no idea how to go about setting an injury like this. The bones of the rib had splintered through the skin, and the man’s shoulder looked dislocated and broken. He was making small sounds, as if screaming was too much.
“He needs to get back to the city.”
“We can’t spare two of you!”
The [Pyromancer] argued with his friends. Ryoka looked up.
“I’ll go. Let me take him.”
The other adventurers looked back incredulously at Ryoka.
“You? Lamont’s heavier than anyone else! You’ll never—”
“Take his armor off. All of it. I’ll carry him on my shoulders. If I can find a wagon on the road, I’ll get him to it. If not, I’ll stop. But he can’t stay here!”
Ryoka pointed back at the frogs. One was trying to wail. The female [Mage] blasted it with orbs of fire, shouting in fury as the frog’s hide charred and turned black. It recoiled, making a gagging, pained noise.
The other adventurers looked at each other. The [Pyromancer] looked down at his friend.
“Save him. Please.”
“I’ll try.”
That was all Ryoka said. She helped him strip the rest of the armor off of Lamont and then reached for him. It was wrong to move an injured man. Especially with broken bones. But she had to do it.
Lamont screamed once as Ryoka hoisted him up in the fireman’s carry. She felt something sharp dig into her shoulder, but ignored the pain.
“I’m going to the road. If I find a wagon, I’ll take it. Otherwise—”
“If you see the frogs, run.”
The [Pyromancer] nodded. He turned, and his wand and his arms burst into flame. The other adventurers were getting up. The wolfhound growled. The Wailer Frogs leapt forwards, still retching, trying to dislodge the dirt. The [Mage] with the wand checked his belt, ensuring the potions Ryoka had delivered were in place. Then he bellowed.
“Pithfire Hounds—charge!”
They ran forwards. Ryoka heard loud barking, a cut-off wail, and felt a burst of fire warm her back. She began to run. The wind blew her forwards as Ryoka made for the road. She tried not to jostle Lamont, but she could hear terrible sounds coming from his body. She ran as fast and as carefully as she could.
