6.00
Page 14
A [Crier] was standing on a little platform, shouting loudly to his audience. He was a small man, but he had a Skill or his lungs were superb, because Ryoka could hear him clearly at a distance. She drifted over, and, spotting no handy benches or ledges, elected to sit on the ground instead. She saw a few children and adults come over, hungry from news from abroad. The [Crier] shouted his message at his crowd, starting with the news of Lord Tyrion Veltras—a name Ryoka had heard often this last month—first.
“Over forty thousand Drakes lie dead in the Blood Fields! Lord Tyrion Veltras is returning north with the majority of our army intact! Another victory for the north!”
A cheer went up from the crowd. Mostly muted, though. Ryoka saw that it was more adults that were happy about the news than the children. Forty thousand Drakes? It was just a number to them. For Ryoka’s part…she didn’t smile, but listened intently as the man went on.
“Lord Veltras personally led the charge and broke the disorganized Drakes’ lines twice-over! His [Mages] greatly outnumbered the green, and green-scaled [Soldiers] the Drakes took to the field, and our nobility laid havoc to their ranks! First, it is reported, Lord Veltras’ army opened up with a daring charge followed by wave after wave of our finest infantry, wielding Human-forged steel—”
“Which makes it better, of course.”
Ryoka sighed. She listened with one ear to the play-by-play, but then gave up. It was just details of the battle, not whether Liscor was doing well. Or anything else. The audience listened, captivated by the [Crier]’s words, though. He was a storyteller as much as a reporter. And in truth, Ryoka had only one label for his announcements and that was propaganda.
She didn’t believe it was the one-sided victory for Tyrion Veltras that the man claimed it was. And if it had been—why? By all accounts, the Drakes were very good at war. If forty thousand of them had perished, how many Humans had died? Or how had Tyrion Veltras won so decisively?
It didn’t matter. She was far away and nothing she knew could affect what had already happened. But Ryoka still kept and ear out for all news around Liscor. She still felt a pang every time she thought about the city. But if she went back now—no. Not yet. She wasn’t ready yet. She didn’t deserve to go back yet.
Ryoka bowed her head, tired now. She noticed the [Crier] was done, after relating a tale about a giant Griffin slain by some adventuring team up north and the death of a beloved [Toy Maker] in the local area. He didn’t have news about world events at the moment, or he’d judged his audience wasn’t in the mood for news like that.
Ryoka wished he’d talked about the other continents. Chandrar and the King of Destruction, maybe. It had been too quiet over there. Or what about Rhir? Baleros? She wished there was some other way to get gossip, but if she began paying for news she’d eat up her remaining coin supply. And she had spent almost all the gold she had paying for—
Ryoka was feeling the charms at her waist and the equipment on her belt when she noticed two things. Another person had taken the [Crier]’s place, to considerably more enthusiasm and a larger crowd. The [Crier] scowled as a [Troubadour], or perhaps just a [Bard] with a lute took up a spot on the little wooden stage. She began to sing popular songs on request, and in accordance, the crowd began dancing, singing along or just listened. Some [Shopkeepers] moved outside to sell and join the crowd, and a few of the artisans did likewise.
