6.01
Page 10
“I’d do that, but then I’d have to run at night. Sunlight’s bad for me. Plus…it’s not good to attract that much attention, you know?”
“Right. Can’t let anyone find out. Uh—why’s that so bad? Because people will hunt you down?”
The girl scowled darkly.
“Not most people. Most people don’t even remember us. But a few groups do. Ever heard of the Byres family? They’re famous vampire slayers. So are the Veltras and Terland families. If word got out there were vampires, we’d be hunted down and adventurers would be collecting bounties on our heads.”
“Not exactly ideal.”
Ryoka agreed mildly. She opened her mouth to ask another question and heard a rumble. So did Fierre. Both girls looked at Ryoka’s stomach.
“Sorry. I haven’t eaten since breakfast. Since someone decided to knock me out.”
At least Fierre had the decency to blush.
“Sorry. Why don’t you come inside? We’ve got food.”
“I don’t eat blood.”
This time Fierre elbowed Ryoka, and the taller girl doubled over and clutched at her side.
“We’ve got real food too. Come on.”
This time they circled the keep and went in through the kitchen. There were a lot of doors, and not a lot of locks. Or any, rather. Not even a deadbolt. Fierre looked around the slightly dusty and unused kitchen and began rummaging around on the shelves.
“We’ve probably got cheese, bread…no fresh meat, sorry. Mother doesn’t keep much in the larder except to entertain guests.”
“I can’t imagine why.”
Ryoka heard a laugh. Fierre frowned into a cupboard and then turned and shouted.
“Mother? Where’s the food?”
“Look in the upper pantry, daughter of mine!”
A loud voice echoed back down the hallway. Fierre looked and pulled out a hairy piece of cheese. Ryoka took one look at it and shook her head. Fierre scowled.
“It’s got mold on it! I can’t give her that! Remember what happened last time?”
“Go into the storeroom!”
“Sorry. Wait one second.”
Grumbling, Fierre went into the keep. She came back moments later holding a slice of cheese and a bottle. She handed both to Ryoka.
“Here. Some wine. And cheese. Don’t worry—it’s fresh.”
Ryoka blinked at the fare, but she accepted both. One sniff confirmed that the food was indeed good, and she set to with vigor. Two bites in and Ryoka’s tongue caught up. Her eyes widened.
“This is some good cheese!”
“Isn’t it? We make it here.”
Fierre grinned proudly.
“We raise cows, like I said. Not just for blood. My family sells milk, makes cheese—we earn a lot of money off of our pigs, too. Eggs, wool—it’s good money.”
“I’d pay for this cheese. You want some?”
Ryoka offered it to Fierre, but the vampire girl waved away the cheese before pouring herself a cup of wine. Ryoka had forgotten the vampire part and asked about it. Fierre just shrugged.
“I can eat food. I just don’t need to if I have blood. And with food, it has to come back out.”
“Thanks for sharing.”
“You’re the one who does it all the time. Not me.”
Fierre smiled.
“I am a vampire. I don’t need to sleep as much—although I get tired during the day, I don’t need to eat anything if I have blood, and I heal up really fast.”
She coughed into her hand. Ryoka eyed her.
“But you do get sick.”
“Well, yes.”
“But aren’t you…dead? Or er, undead?”
“No.”
The girl sat up instantly, looking cross. She shook her head vigorously.
“We’re not undead. That’s a myth. If we were undead, why would we need to drink blood?”
“Um…”
That was a good point. But all the stories Ryoka had ever heard had pointed out vampires as being distinctly dead. She stopped chewing for a second and eyed Fierre.
“Do you mind if I check your pulse?”
“No. Go ahead.”
