6.01
Page 6
More silence. The two looked at each other. Ryoka took a few breaths. They’d never get anywhere tiptoeing around.
“So you’re a vampire.”
“I am.”
Fierre took a shuddering breath. She was breathing hard, as if this was the most exhausting thing Ryoka had ever seen her do. She looked up and met Ryoka’s eyes for the first time.
Vampire. Creature of death. Blood feeders. Masters of the night. Only, that was what people said. And reality looked different. Fierre was slightly scrawny. She looked like she was in her teens. Her clothing wasn’t the color of midnight—it was worn, nondescript. She didn’t sleep in a coffin.
But she was a vampire. Fierre took another gulp of air.
“Wow. You’re the first person—the first non-vampire I’ve ever met who’s known I’m—ever. You know?”
“No. Not really.”
Ryoka saw Fierre look up. Suddenly, she laughed. So did Ryoka. They laughed, and some of the tension in the air drained away. Just like that.
Wasn’t that easy? Suddenly, Ryoka felt silly. Of course they were like people. If they weren’t, she would have been dead already. How else could Fierre have blended in so well? Ryoka laughed and then coughed harder as more dust entered her lungs. Fierre grimaced.
“Hey, you want to get out of here?”
“Fine by me. Um—where are we?”
The vampire girl leapt off the coffin. She pointed towards the door that her mother had gone through.
“My home. Come on. It’s not much, but I can show you around. This way.”
Ryoka followed her out of the room full of coffins and through a door of plain wood. It looked…recently installed. The masonry was crumbling in this keep or whatever Fierre’s family had bought. The hallways were dark and cold underfoot. Ryoka shivered, hopping from one bare foot to the other. Fierre noticed.
“Sorry. We don’t keep many lights on. Vampires can uh, see really well in the dark. And we don’t get cold.”
“I noticed. You said your family bought this place? What was this, a castle or something?”
“It used to be. A big one, too. But it was already mostly gone by the time it was bought. Now it’s just the keep and some ruins left over. We’ve been working on it now and then, but there’s never enough time—oh.”
She turned left. Ryoka stopped as she saw Himilt, the level-headed vampire, holding a trowel and standing in front of a hole. In the wall of the keep. It led straight outdoors and Ryoka saw tall grass outside. The vampire was industriously applying a coat of dark grey mortar to the stones and repairing a hole in the wall. Fierre looked embarrassed.
Colfa was appalled. The vampire appeared in a blur of swishing red and black, hurrying towards her husband.
“Himilt! What are you doing?”
The vampire looked up and replied mildly.
“You’ve been telling me to repair the gap in the wall for years. I’m finally doing it.”
“Yes, but here? Now?”
Colfa shot a meaningful glance at Ryoka. Unperturbed, her husband spread a bit of mortar on the stonework and plopped a stone into place.
“It’s the best time, isn’t it? First the sheep wander in, now this. If you want to give me a hand, I can do it faster.”
“We have a guest.”
“Um—this way.”
Fierre led Ryoka back, blushing, though it was barely noticeable on her face. Ryoka tried not to laugh.
“Those are your parents? Or your sires?”
Fierre shook her head.
“Don’t you start. My mother’s the only one who talks like that, you know. She even put on a dress to impress you. They’re my parents.”
“Vampires can have children?”
The girl looked back at Ryoka. The Runner girl paused.
“Sorry. There’s just so much I want to know.”
