6.01
Page 1
But they were vampires. And Ryoka had seen them move. There was something fluid about the way they moved. Graceful, in a way that Humans weren’t naturally. And Ryoka still wasn’t over her first discovery. Fierre was a vampire. Vampires existed in this world.
How about that.
The discussion had reached its conclusion somewhere above her and to the right. Ryoka heard light movements. And then she sensed eyes on her. She held still, praying she wouldn’t be found out.
“Anyone want me to grab a bucket of water?”
A voice. Immediately shushed. Ryoka heard a pause. And then a voice, low, sultry, and echoing in the dark space.
“Awaken, mortal.”
Ryoka opened her eyes and sat up. She couldn’t help it. There was something in the tone that went beyond mere force of personality. Some kind of command that reached into Ryoka and moved her body against her will. It was familiar, almost like Magnolia’s Skill—but different. Where one was a Skill, this was instinctual obedience.
At first it was dark. Ryoka’s eyes caught a glimmer of moonlight, shining down from a slit overhead. A window. And then she took in the room.
She was sitting in an open, wide room. Tall, grand. Filled with open coffins. Smooth, worn stone. Open caskets to place bodies in. And she was lying on one. On top of one, rather. Ryoka felt her back aching slightly. She blinked, looked around—there was no one standing around her. Then she looked up and saw them.
Vampires. Five of them. Two stood in the rafters, on wooden support beams. An old male vampire and a younger looking one. The older one was coughing quietly, the younger one just watched Ryoka. And below them, standing on the ground, were three other vampires.
Fierre, no longer  wearing the dark clothing that normally concealed her face. Her hair was raven black, her skin unnaturally pale. She looked young, as did the two who stood behind her. A man and a woman, both who looked no older than their early thirties. But they felt older. And it was the woman who’d spoken.
Graceful, tall, her dress some dark red and black fabric that nearly blended with the shadows. By her side stood a man in rough clothing. He too was a vampire, but his neck was…odd. Puffy, the skin bulging outwards. But like his wife he had red eyes and that unnatural stillness about him. None of the five vampires moved for a moment. Ryoka stared at them, heart beating. And then the woman moved.
One hand rose. Pale fingers splayed outwards in a grand gesture, towards Ryoka. The female vampire kept her chin raised as she approached, gliding across the dark room.
“Mortal. You trespass in the halls of my family. You speak to one not of mortal ways. We are the children of the night. Vampires.”
Her lips rose in a slight smile. Her voice echoed through the room. The woman stopped in front of Ryoka and looked down.
“I am Lady Colfa, Mistress of House Lischelle-Drakle. And thou art?”
Everything about her screamed vampire to Ryoka. And the entire air wouldn’t have worked except that she was one. In her totality. She looked flawless in the moonlight—and yet—Ryoka’s eyes travelled to her right arm. She’d spotted a rash there, hadn’t she? The female vampire noticed the look and turned so her left side was facing Ryoka. She gave Ryoka a dark look and the young woman’s heart began to beat faster.
“I’m Ryoka Griffin. I uh, didn’t mean to intrude. I mean neither you or your family harm, Lady Colfa.”
