6.01
Page 11
Fierre let Ryoka touch her neck. To Ryoka’s surprise, she had a pulse, albeit very slow. Her skin was cold to the touch, but, Ryoka had to admit, it was just cold. Not exactly the chilling touch of death.
“See? We’re not undead.”
“Nope. You’re more like a lizard. Ow!”
This time Fierre prodded Ryoka under the table with one finger. The Runner girl yelped. Fierre smiled.
“We’re alive. I wouldn’t have this stupid cold if I wasn’t. But like I said, we heal quickly. Although we do get sick quite often…Bamer thinks that’s a curse.”
She rolled her eyes. Ryoka didn’t. She was thinking of the rash she’d seen on Colfa’s arm. But she didn’t bring that up.
“So you’re an immortal vampire—”
“That’s just what mother says. We die.”
“Fine, a powerful vampire—”
Fierre grinned.
“—who works multiple jobs to do…what? Save up for high-quality cow’s blood?”
The grin on Fierre’s face faded.
“No. I’m just supporting the family. I send most of the money I earn back here. It’s not that we don’t earn a lot from our business, but every bit counts, you know?”
Towards what? But Ryoka had sensed Fierre didn’t want to say just yet, so she nodded.
“So you stay at Mad Madain’s because…”
“It’s cheap. And he serves his meat bloody. It’s convenient for me and he doesn’t ask questions.”
“Fair enough. So you’re just an everyday, hardworking vampire girl helping make ends meet. What about your mother?”
“She’s…different.”
Fierre fiddled with her empty cup. She noticed Ryoka’s stare and flushed.
“Okay, she’s very different. She likes being a vampire, alright? She was Human—before father turned her.”
“You mean…”
“She married into the family. She’s a Lischelle. Hence the name. We’re just the Drakles, but mother insists on calling ourselves Lischelle-Drakles because she thinks it sounds better.”
“And no one gets suspicious at the last name ‘Drakle’?”
“They just think it means Drake.”
“…Fair. Okay, so your mother just met your father and they…fell in love?”
“That’s right. He only revealed he was a vampire when they were in love. And she begged to be one. For years, apparently.”
“Huh.”
For some reason, that was the least surprising bit to Ryoka. If vampires ever came to Earth, her Earth, they’d have no shortage of followers. And it also explained why Colfa acted like she did.
“So the Lischelles know your family are vampires? That’s a lot of trust.”
Again, Fierre shook her head.
“Oh, no. None of them are vampires except for mother, and they don’t know she’s one. She keeps it secret. And we’re lucky in that sense. Mother’s name really helps our business.”
“Really?”
“Yes, definitely. The Lischelles are famous [Shepherds], [Beast Tamers], [Herders]…they’re practically royalty among the farming communities. Dad always said he got lucky marrying Mom. She agrees.”
Fierre rolled her eyes. Ryoka sat back.
“So you don’t enslave people with hypnosis, prey on the innocent, or create more vampire thralls to control the living. But you do have the power to do something, don’t you? Your mother tried it on me.”
This time Fierre paused and looked away.
“That was—domination. Yeah, we can do that. It works best on animals, but mother’s gifted, apparently. She can control people. Even make them forget things. It didn’t work on you, though. Why is that?”
“Maybe because I had a charm?”
Ryoka showed Fierre one of her Runner charms. The vampire gave them a dismissive look.
“Charms don’t work on the vampire gaze. It’s not an enchantment so the charms can’t block them. Try again.”
“I’m just stubborn, then. I’ve had people try to charm me before. It never works.”
“Really?”
