6.01
Page 16
Grand, humbled. A past glory, reduced to this. No—wait. That wasn’t the point. Ryoka looked past Himalt. He didn’t seem merely sad. His outstretched arm took in his fields. The placid animals. The past had changed, become something new. And it was his.
There was nothing to say. But Ryoka knew something of immortals. So she bowed. Slightly, a courtly bow. And the vampire smiled. He turned away and picked up his bucket. And by the time Ryoka straightened he was Himalt the farmer again.
That was how the two found Colfa and her daughter. Himalt and Ryoka were smiling and talking about cows. Apparently vampirism affected animals very differently. Made them dangerous. But magical cows were nice.
“Ahem. Mine husband. Hast thou entertained our mortal guest?”
Colfa looked severely at Himalt. He looked up.
“I have, my dear.”
Suspiciously, as if she suspected Himalt of rolling in the mud just to make her look bad, Colfa eyed Ryoka and her husband. But Ryoka only nodded politely.
“Your husband showed me the grandeur of your estates, Lady Colfa val Lischelle-Drakle. I am honored to be your guest and humbly beg your forgiveness for my temerity earlier.”
She gave Colfa a very proper bow. Himalt and Fierre both rolled their eyes a bit, but Colfa looked delighted. She straightened and smoothed the dress.
“Well then. Since thou hast shown thine sincerity, I judge my daughter’s trust in you to be founded. Mortal Runner, you may go with the forbidden knowledge of our existence—so long as you swear to keep our secret on pain of death.”
She fixed Ryoka with a menacing look. Ryoka nodded, keeping her face straight.
“I do swear, milady. It is a compact most sacred, which I shall honor with every bit of my mortal heart.”
That last bit was probably too flowery even for Colfa, because she shot Ryoka a look. But she nodded.
“In that case, go. Return to where you came hence with the knowledge of what you’ve seen…unless you’d like to sleep first? We have extra beds.”
 
—-
 
The Drakle estates lay at the top of a plateau, uphill. It was a good spot, although as Fierre pointed out, it sometimes meant they had to lead the herds down the slopes to graze.
“Not to mention how hard it is to get a wagon uphill in the mud. But it’s nice.”
“It is. And I like running downhill. Which way’s Reizmelt?”
She and Ryoka stood at the top of the hill. The wind was blowing strong, and though the sun had  yet to rise, the sky was lighter. Fierre pointed.
“That way. We’re hours away. As the vampire runs.”
“And the Runner?”
“Well, if you can keep up, we’ll be back by midmorning.”
Fierre shot Ryoka a challenging grin. The Runner blinked in surprise, and then smiled.
“How the hell did you get me out of Reizmelt and all the way out here without me waking up? In secret, no less?”
“Easy. I put you in a wheelbarrow and put a cloth over you.”
“Wait, that worked?”
“Yup. The [Guards] know me. They probably thought I was hauling something. And then I jumped over the walls when they weren’t looking with you. That was harder since you’re heavy.”
“And you ran with me all the way here?”
That would have been a challenge if Ryoka had done that to Fierre, and she was shorter than Ryoka by a good bit. Fierre shrugged.
“It did take the rest of the day.”
“And I was asleep the entire time?”
The vampire girl smiled sheepishly.
“You did wake up. Twice.”
Ryoka felt at her throat.
“Ow.”
“Don’t worry. I was careful. Now, do you want to go? I can’t run as fast in the sun. And I’ll be in trouble if I’m out of the shade.”
“Sure. Let’s go.”
