6.01
Page 26
It wouldn’t be later. But in this moment, now, it was enough. The wind howled around Ryoka. Hedault had captured Ivolethe perfectly. It had cost a small fortune, all Ryoka had, to commission the piece out of Everfrozen Ice. In truth, Hedault had probably done it to her as a favor. It didn’t matter.
It was enough.
 
—-
 
That night, Fierre was sitting alone in the Huntress’ Haven. She was eating the wing of the bird Madain had caught, pretending to enjoy it while really just focusing on the yet uncooked in the meat. She wiped her running nose on her sleeve, coughed, and looked up.
The door had opened. A Runner limped into the room. She was sweaty, dirty, half-dead. But triumphant. She walked over to the kitchen and served herself. Another Madain efficiency. Then she came over and sat down at Fierre’s table.
“Hi.”
“I didn’t think you’d be back today.”
“I wanted to keep running.”
Ryoka coughed. Fierre silently poured her a cup from the pitcher of water. Ryoka drank, let Fierre fill her cup, and drank again. She coughed, and then spoke.
“It took me a while to get back. I did the delivery, but I had to hide out for a bit. Usually no one holds a grudge for a delivery, but [Bandits] are a different matter. The adventurers who went after them didn’t find the group. And I had to pick up some uh, pointy things.”
“I heard all that. And you got the delivery to the Mage’s Guild in Baepr. Really quickly. It’s all the buzz in uh, the circles I talk to.”
“Really?”
Ryoka just smiled wearily. Fierre nodded. She looked at Ryoka. Fidgeted. And then she burst out.
“It’s weird, having someone know your secret.”
“It is. But you’ll get over it. And it’s not a bad thing, right?”
The girl looked at Fierre. She smiled. She was tall. Her hair was black, but her skin was far from Fierre’s perfect paleness. She was different. A Runner. Fierre hesitated.
“This won’t change things, you know. Business is business. I can’t help you for free.”
“I don’t want you to.”
“And if people think I am helping you instead of other people—”
“It’s okay, Fierre. We’re just…friends.”
“Friends?”
Fierre savored the word, like an exotic treat. Ryoka nodded. The word was unfamiliar on her tongue as well.
“Friends. I’m just someone to talk to. And someone who can order you bloody steaks without it being suspicious.”
The vampire snorted, and then she smiled.
“Okay. And I’ll be the one who tells you you’re drooling a bit.”
Ryoka wiped her mouth.
“I’m hungry. And tired. And my feet hurt. And my legs.”
Fierre sniffed the air.
“And you’ve burst some blisters on your feet. You should heal those.”
“Stop drooling.”
Laughter. And food. Ryoka ate ravenously. Fierre leaned back.
“Okay. Friends. And I won’t tip the scales for you. Much. But uh, you should know that there’s some attention on you.”
Ryoka looked up.
“Really?”
Fierre nodded.
“You are the Wind Runner. And people are hearing your name. Thanks to the little kids.”
“Little mud-throwing monsters.”
Ryoka leaned back and groaned, wondering if she could use the wind to conjure more food rather than have to get up and grab it herself. Fierre nodded.
“Maybe, but you owe them. Because of that, people are looking into your past. And you’re…slightly noticeable. You know what I found out?”
“Tell me.”
The vampire girl closed her eyes and recited from memory.
“Ryoka Griffin. Possible connection with Magnolia Reinhart, inquired after by a Wall Lord of Salazsar, destroyed a Runner’s Guild in Celum…”
“That wasn’t my fault. And I didn’t destroy the guild. It just got uh, snowed in.”
