6.01
Page 0

Ryoka had no experience with kidnapping. Which was a fair statement to make. In fact, it was weird to think of anyone as being experienced with being kidnapped. However, she vaguely felt like there was a class she could have taken, or a few tips she could have memorized from some online self-help article.
After all, it felt like Ryoka had been kidnapped at least once. But not really. Let’s see. Magnolia? Not really a kidnapping so much as a forced meeting. But it was close. Teriarch? Again, no, but being enchanted had a few parallels. Az’kerash? Again, it had a lot of similar qualities. Being interrogated and having fingers broken by Venitra was close…but not the same.
So this was new. How about that? And by vampires, no less. Or was it Vampires? Ryoka had spotted four, plus Fierre. Five vampires. That was really bad if they were about to suck Ryoka’s blood. On the other hand, they hadn’t while she was passed out.
That was a good sign. In fact, Ryoka had high hopes she wouldn’t die. Because while she was no expert on abductions, she was slightly experienced with dealing with creatures of myth and legend. Dragons, the fey—vampires weren’t much worse, right?
The other reason Ryoka was hopeful was that she was lying with her back to the coffin, she could hear the vampires talking, and they hadn’t noticed she’d woken up yet. That meant they probably couldn’t hear her heart beating—if they could, they’d be able to tell it was racing a mile a minute. They were talking to each other, their voices…well, fairly normal.
There was little inflection to their accents. Not that Fierre had ever spoken with the stereotypical vampire inflections. The other voices Ryoka heard could have been from anywhere—with one exception.
“…and what if she does talk? Should we threaten her, or just…get rid of her?”
“I didn’t bring her here to kill her.”
A male and female voice were arguing back and forth. Fierre and someone else. A third vampire, older, his voice a lot more gravelly, spoke next.
“You shouldn’t have brought her here at all, Fierre. If you dealt with her properly—”
“I wasn’t sure I’d be able to safely. I stay at an inn run by an adventurer. I thought mother could help me. She’s the best at this.”
“It might not be necessary. Fierre, has she threatened you? What did she want?”
A third voice, steadiest and most confident of the lot. Also, male. If Ryoka had to analyze by the tenor, she’d guess there were three male vampires here, all of different ages. One was old, another young, and the third middle-aged. That was just a guess, though. Fierre’s voice was uncertain as she replied to the middle-aged one.
“I…don’t know. She just identified me and promised she wouldn’t tell anyone. But—”
“Why don’t we wake her up and hear what she says?”
“Okay. But no one scare her. Rivel. And if we need to, mother, would you…?”
“If thou callst on me, my offspring, of course I will comply. But thy sire is correct. Let us first know this mortal’s intentions.”
And there’s the odd one out. One of the voices, the only female voice beside Fierre’s, was distinctly vampirish. As in, eastern European, Slavic, I-just-walked-out-of-Transylvania, Dracula-style accent and way of speaking. If Ryoka hadn’t known better, she’d have thought that was coming from some kind of hardcore vampire wannabe. From the real thing it was…still cheesy.
