6.01
Page 5
She turned and swept away from them. Towards a door at the far end of the room. Himilt nodded and retreated. Ryoka watched them go, feeling very, very confused. The other two vampires looked at each other and stood up. The younger one waved at Ryoka.
“Hi. I’m Rivel.”
He leapt to the ground, a good ten feet, and landed lightly without so much as wincing. Then he leapt nimbly out through the hole in the wall. He’d been wearing farmer’s clothes too.
The older one was slower to move, but when he landed on the floor, it was without so much as a wince. He looked at Ryoka, shook his head, and then complained to Fierre and everyone in earshot.
“Why are we up so late? I need to be awake in the morning, you know. I’m going back to sleep. Tell me if we’re killing the Runner or what when I wake up.”
He followed Colfa through the door. Ryoka stayed where she was. She looked around and saw the last vampire standing awkwardly by herself. Fierre looked around desperately, as if hoping one of the older vampires would come back. But they didn’t. She looked at Ryoka and gave her a desperate smile.
“Uh, hi.”
Ryoka stared at her. There were a lot of things she could say, many of them stupid, some of them inflammatory. But that wasn’t the way. So she put aside what she’d just seen and witnessed, gave Fierre an awkward smile, and raised one hand.
“Hi.”
 
—-
 
“So you’re a vampire.”
“Yes.”
“And your entire family are vampires.”
“That’s right. I’m um, sorry about choking you—”
“Oh no, I get it. Can’t let other people find out about vampires, right?”
“That’s right. I panicked. Most people don’t remember vampires, but the ones who do don’t remember us fondly. I thought you might be trying to threaten me.”
“I said I wouldn’t tell anyone.”
“Yes, but—sorry. Anyways…yeah. We’re vampires.”
“Uh huh.”
“…”
“…So what’s it like?”
“What? Oh, being a vampire?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh, you know…”
As conversations went, this one was awkward. Ryoka thought she knew uncomfortable, but talking to Fierre was establishing a new benchmark. She and the vampire girl sat awkwardly on a stone coffin, half staring at each other and half looking at their hands, and around the room in embarrassment.
Ryoka coughed. There was dust in the air, stirred up by the wind. Fierre waved some away from her face.
“Sorry about that. We don’t clean this place often.”
“Oh no, it was my fault. It’s uh, nice in here. Is this your family crypt or something?”
Fierre looked mildly surprised and amused.
“What? No. We don’t use this place except to store stuff. In the coffins.”
“Not to sleep in?”
That came out before Ryoka could help it. Fierre blinked at her.
“No. We don’t sleep in coffins. I have a bed.”
“Oh. Right. I mean…obviously. Vampires don’t sleep in coffins. It’s just that in legends…I mean, I only know legends, which is why I asked.”
“We don’t sleep in coffins. Not these ones, at any rate. They’re made of stone. Very hard and uncomfortable. I guess we could, but this place hasn’t been used to store dead bodies in centuries. It used to be, but my family bought the land here ages ago and cleared everything up.”
Ryoka paused.
“Your family bought this land? I thought they were your ancestral estates.”
Fierre shrugged, and scratched her neck uncomfortably. She’d taken off her scarf and her heavy, thick clothing. She looked like a normal girl now. With pale skin. Red eyes. And fangs.
“That’s just what mother likes saying. This place has been in the family for…sixty years? But that’s about it.”
“Ah. Right.”
