6.01
Page 20
Madain gave Ryoka a leering grin. Then he looked at Fierre with a frown, clearly not sure if that applied to her. She waved.
“Hi, Madain. I’m going up to my room. I’ve got to get to work.”
She edged quickly towards the stairs, clearly nervous of the dog. It was sniffing at her, and looking wary. None of the Humans noticed. One of them with fiery tattoos running down his arms strode over.
“Miss Ryoka Griffin?”
“Yes. You’re uh—the adventurers, right?”
Ryoka was blanking on their names. She’d just met them. It felt like yesterday. And it was. No, was it two days ago? They all got to their feet. The [Mage] held out his hand.
“We didn’t know if we’d meet you here. You were gone yesterday by the time we got back to the city. We wanted to thank you in person. We’re so grateful for what you did.”
“Oh, there’s no need—”
Flustered, Ryoka shook her head. But the young man gripped her hand tightly. He met her eyes.
“Thank you. Thank you. I’m Levil, Captain of the Pithfire Hounds. This is Keima, Tally, Bram, Ullica—the dog’s Makki. And you met Lamont. He’d be here, but it’ll be at least a week before he can walk, even with potions. But thanks to you he’s alive. Without you, none of us would be here.”
He indicated his team, who came forwards. Ryoka saw another [Mage], Ullica, Keima, a woman with an axe, Tally, who had a bow, and Bram, who kept the dog from jumping on Ryoka. They all insisted on thanking her to her face and shaking her hand. Red with embarrassment, Ryoka tried to downplay what had happened. Which only made things worse.
“If you hadn’t come along—we already lost Dassa. We’d given up hope anyone would come.”
Tally was red-eyed as she hugged Ryoka. Levil gently pried her off. He met Ryoka’s eyes.
“We owe you large for doing what you did. Not just for the potions—if you hadn’t blasted the frogs with sand, we might have lost either way. We’d like to pay you—”
“No, really, you don’t have to. I mean, you already paid me. And it was a lot. The Runner’s Guild gave me the reward to helping with your friend. I can’t ask for more.”
“Are you sure? We’ve got the bounty on the Wailer Frogs. Look, we could give you—”
Ryoka stopped Levil.
“Please, no. I did my job. I was happy to do it. I’m—I’ve got friends who’re adventurers. I know what it’s like.”
The Pithfire Hounds looked intrigued.
“Really? Anyone we know?”
“Uh, they’re a Silver-ranked team. The Horns of Hammerad. They work down in Celum, mainly.”
Levil turned and looked at his companions. The others shrugged. Bram frowned, and so did Madain, who was clearly eavesdropping as he cleaned a table, but no one spoke up. Levil shrugged.
“Horns of Hammerad? Never heard of them I’m afraid. They’re Silver-rank, right? Ah, right. Well, we’re as common as rats I’m afraid. But we’ll spread your name to the other teams. It’s…reassuring to know there’s at least one Runner who’ll answer emergency calls.”
The look he gave her was questioning. Ryoka nodded.
“Anytime. Anywhere. I can’t promise I’ll be in the area, but if I get the request, I’ll answer it.”
Levil smiled.
“Thanks. Now, can we buy you a drink? We’d love to talk if you’re not busy…? And I’m dying to know how you cast that wind spell. I’m a [Pyromancer], by the way. That’s our party. Fire and dogs.”
