6.01
Page 8
Somehow, unaccountably, or perhaps accountably, they liked each other. Perhaps it was because they were both similar—despite not appearing it at first glance. But when she could be herself at home, Fierre delighted in well, being a vampire. She was proud of it, and all too willing to show off the inhuman agility and strength that was a hallmark of her kind. She could lift a sheep—carefully—over her head, leap phenomenal distances, and see perfectly in the dark.
And Ryoka was Ryoka. Pride was in her nature, but she’d learned to work at being personable. With Fierre she didn’t have to. The two walked around the pasture as Fierre pointed out the livestock her family raised and tended. She’d grown up here before moving to the city to earn a living.
“I’m actually twenty five years old.”
“What?”
Fierre gave Ryoka a toothy grin.
“Oh yes. Vampires don’t really age. We can if we want to, or even get younger. But we don’t have to grow old.”
“Then why do you look like you’re sixteen?”
“Because it’s easier to pretend to get older each year. I was even younger when I first came to Reizmelt. Which is hard, because I’m old inside. For instance, I’m older than you.”
She looked up at Ryoka with an upturned nose. Ryoka reflexively elbowed her. Fierre just laughed. Ryoka shot her a sideways look.
“I bet it also makes it hard to hang around people like Madain, doesn’t it? Given that you could probably twist his arms off.”
The vampire girl tried to look innocent.
“Who, me? I’d never try. I’ve thought of it, but—I’m not sure I could, honestly. He was a good adventurer and I’m not that strong. I can lift a sheep, but tearing heads off or punching holes in the wall isn’t easy.”
“Yeah, but he can’t do that.”
“I’ve seen him punch straight through the wall of his inn.”
“Oh. Crap. Remind me not to make him angry. So you, what, hide among Humans to earn a living?”
“Pretty much. I’m good at it too, aren’t I?”
“Er…”
Fierre glanced up at Ryoka.
“I keep my teeth hidden, I stay out of the sunlight, and I don’t ever show anyone that my shadow’s missing.”
“Yeah, but it’s still sort of obvious if you know what to look for.”
“Really?”
Fierre looked put out. She glanced sideways at Ryoka.
“No one’s ever found out I’m a vampire, though. And I’ve had to survive a few sticky situations. Corrupt Runners trying to do me in, monster attacks—I was even mugged by a gang of [Thieves] once.”
“How did they taste?”
The two started giggling. Fierre put one hand on Ryoka’s shoulder to steady herself.
“I don’t drink Human blood! Really, I don’t!”
“Why not? Are you afraid of making more vampires.”
She shook her head.
“We can control that. It’s not like sucking blood makes new vampires. If it did, we’d have vampire sheep instead of live ones. No, it’s way too risky. Bite marks look distinctive, and if you get spotted—my family’s sworn never to drink blood from people. Ever.”
Ryoka frowned. She kept one eye on the grass, watching out for sheep poo as she walked around with Fierre.
“Then how do you survive?”
“Animals. Obviously.”
Fierre pointed to the next pasture. Cows were resting at night. But again, some were up and awake. Apparently having nocturnal owners meant the animals became semi-nocturnal themselves. Ryoka eyed them.
“You suck their blood?”
“That’s right. Or we harvest it so we can move around. I get blood in bottles each week from the farm. It’s cow blood, mainly. Sheep too. Pigs, goats…we get a lot of blood from pigs during the slaughter, but cows are bigger so we can bleed a bit more from them.”
“Bleed?”
