6.01
Page 27
“…short career. Surprisingly short, but you earned a City Runner’s level from merit alone. And you completed a delivery to the High Passes. However…around here you are an unknown City Runner, and your speed and defensive rating is way below most Couriers.”
“I know.”
Ryoka sighed. Fierre raised one finger.
“But…you’re reliable, you have a reputation as being honest, and you do have a title. And between you and me? After this job, you might be getting more offers directly. People who’re willing to take a risk will go to you. It’s dangerous, but that’s how City Runners become Couriers.”
Ryoka opened one eye.
“Sounds like I’m a Runner you should get to know, then.”
“Maybe.”
Fierre gave her a toothy grin. No one was watching. Ryoka smiled as well. Then she suddenly frowned as if she’d had a thought.
“Hey, you’re…connected, right? You don’t just deal in Runner’s information. Could I hire you to find something for me?”
Fierre raised one eyebrow.
“Money can get you anything. A lot of trouble if you ask the wrong questions. But go on.”
The Runner hunted around. She found her money pouch and pulled out some of her day’s earnings. Fierre blinked as Ryoka offered her ten gold coins.
“How’s this for finding someone? Or a group of people?”
“You must want them pretty badly. This will do. I might have to get more, but I’ll take this on faith. I’ll need names and descriptions.”
“You’re all heart. I don’t have descriptions. I do have names. Three of them, although there are more. It’s a group of kids. My age or younger. Possibly working as adventurers. Rose. Imani. Joseph.”
Fierre hunted for a bit of parchment, then decided to give up and memorize everything. She tapped a finger on the table.
“That’s not enough to go on.”
Ryoka nodded.
“You’ll find them somewhere in Magnolia Reinhart’s estates, or at least under the protection of her people. That should narrow it down.”
Fierre paused.
“That’s…Magnolia Reinhart’s strictly off-limits for a lot of things. You know that, right?”
“Right. Don’t worry though. You won’t get in trouble for asking.”
That was probably true. Fierre mulled it over. She looked at Ryoka. Friend. She didn’t know if she could trust Ryoka entirely, to be honest. She’d met her, abducted her, and they’d talked. But Fierre liked the girl. So she took a risk.
“Okay. I’ll ask about. Now tell me, what was that run like? And what did you get from Invrisil?”
She saw the young woman grin. And though Fierre didn’t know where Ryoka was from no matter how much she’d offered for the information, though she’d been unable to find more about this girl who was a ghost who’d appeared last year, she thought she could trust her. So Fierre hoped. Hoped…she’d made a friend.
 
—-
 
My feet hurt. I’m Ryoka Griffin. I sit in Mad Madain’s inn, listening to him drink and talk with his few customers. At another table, Alber is eating silently. Maybe he’s wondering how Fierre and I suddenly became friends. I’m a bit hazy on that myself.
I don’t know if I can trust her. I don’t know if what I’m doing is wise. I don’t know—but I do know one thing.
It’s in my belt pouch. I reach for it as I tell Fierre about the run, drinking from my water glass. I should get more of what chicken or whatever it was that Madain shot. My feet hurt. And my legs. But I can feel it. Smooth as glass. Cold. But so familiar.
Oh Ivolethe. I’m so sorry. And thank you.
I clutch the little icy figurine, cold as pain. But there’s less sadness in me. Truly. There’s so much to do. So much. A world of possibilities.
