6.01
Page 14
She turned and vanished down the dark hallway. Ryoka, who’d grown used to the dim lighting by now, yawned and looked around. She was feeling tired, despite having had an arguably long nap thanks to Fierre. Melatonin, and all that. She thought about waiting in the kitchen, but Ryoka didn’t handle sitting and waiting well. So she wandered the keep instead—for about a minute.
“Cold feet, cold feet.”
The inside was too chilly for Ryoka, so she hurried outside into the grass. The sheep were all asleep by this point, even Fluffles. Ryoka walked quietly around them, staring at the wooly forms, and then noticed a few animals were up. The cows. A few were up and a dark figure was tending to one of them. Ryoka wouldn’t have noticed, but the metal on the bucket Himalt was milking the cow into shone in the moonlight. She wandered over.
“Um. Hello.”
Himalt looked up, and the cow turned one big head and gave Ryoka a watery look. Both cow and vampire seemed quite calm in the moonlight. Himalt nodded.
“Hello. Fierre’s told you all about us?”
Ryoka leaned on the fence, watching as milk squirted into the bucket.
“Mostly she just told me what you weren’t. I knew a lot of legends about vampires—uh, from my home. But there are quite a few differences, apparently.”
“Mm. Such as?”
The vampire’s voice was calm. He looked like a farmer right out of Ryoka’s imagination—except for the pale skin, red eyes, and neck. It was bulbous, and Ryoka eyed it with a growing certainty about why that might be. But she made no comment.
“Uh, I thought vampires were technically undead. And that you couldn’t get sick. Or eat food, really.”
“Well, you’re partially right. Food doesn’t do much for us. A vampire can eat all day and the food mostly goes in and out. Blood’s what we need to live. As for sickness and being undead—we’re not the vampires our ancestors were.”
“Really?”
Himalt’s hands were rhythmic. The cow seemed to be enjoying the milking. Ryoka noticed more getting up. She understood, in a way. If Himalt wanted to do his work out of the sun, the cows had to change when they woke up and went to sleep. He replied calmly, turning his head.
“Not at all. We don’t drink the blood of people. Some of us were famous necromancers. Stronger vampires who burned up in sunlight like kindling. They were probably closer to your stories. But the Drakle line has been born vampires. We give birth. Rarely do people marry into the family.”
“Like your wife.”
The hands paused for a second.
“Yes. Colfa was an exception. But mostly, we marry between ourselves.”
“Um…how many of you are there?”
Ryoka wondered if inbreeding was an issue. Himalt just shrugged in reply.
“I couldn’t say. Hundreds? Not thousands. There are clans of us scattered about. We know each other. Not that the Byres or any adventurers of today would find us—most of the time. I trust you understand why we keep to ourselves?”
“I do. And you have my word I won’t tell anyone, Mister Himalt.”
“That’s good to know. Colfa was worried after her gaze and voice failed on you.”
“Does she work on the farm with you?”
It seemed at odds with Colfa’s grand act, but Himalt nodded.
“Normally she doesn’t wear that dress. She’d be out here, but she’s talking to Fierre. I believe they’ve deliberating what your fate—I’m sorry, thine fate, should be. She’ll agree to let you go, I’ m sure.”
“What would you have done if you decided you couldn’t trust me? Hypothetically speaking.”
Ryoka had to know. Himalt looked up, still milking the cows.
