6.01
Page 9
Ryoka had an image of bleeding animals in a slaughter house and shuddered. But again, Fierre shook her head.
“Don’t worry, it doesn’t hurt them. And they’re used to it. We only take a little bit each week and we have lots of animals to keep up the blood supply.”
“Huh. So wait. You said vampire sheep. Does that mean—”
A loud baaah interrupted Ryoka. She jumped and saw a familiar white shape heading straight for her. The sheep that had so rudely interrupted Colfa appeared, baahing and staring up at Ryoka and Fierre. It approached the vampire girl. Fierre bent and rubbed its head.
“Hello there, Fluffles. You’ve been a bad sheep, haven’t you?”
Ryoka stared.
“Fluffles?”
Fierre looked up and grinned wickedly.
“That’s right. Fluffles the Sixth. He’s mother’s favorite. You can pet him if you want. I was about ready to die laughing when he came in and ruined mother’s performance.”
“That was something alright. I was about to wet myself before he started baahing. So your mother and your father are [Herders]?”
“That’s right. Except without the class.”
“Oh. Then what’s their class?”
Ryoka looked up, curious. Fierre made a face.
“None. Vampires don’t earn classes. We can’t level up. Mother lost her classes when she became a vampire. Old Bamer thinks it’s a way of keeping balance. Imagine if a high-level [Warrior] were a vampire.”
“That makes sense. Hey—guess what? I don’t have a class either.”
Fierre’s eyes widened.
“You don’t? Are you crazy? How are you doing that wind thing, then?”
Ryoka felt a bit insulted. She straightened and Fluffles the Sixth went off to find more hands to scratch his head.
“Hey, you said you don’t have a class.”
“Yes, but I’m a vampire. You’re Human. I’ve met people who don’t want classes. They’re odd, odd sorts. I should have known you were one of them.”
The vampire looked challengingly at Ryoka. The Asian girl opened her mouth, and sighed.
“Okay, you’ve got me there.”
The two laughed again.
“So why don’t you have a class?”
“I…just don’t trust classes that much. I don’t like the idea of being defined by my Skills or what leveling does to you.”
Fierre nodded.
“That’s fair. It does change you. I’ve seen it happen. Myself, though, I wish I could level up. Skills are wonderful, aren’t they?”
“They are nice. I could use a [Runner]’s Skills, but…is that why you’re an opener? Because you don’t have Skills?”
A low sigh escaped Fierre’s lips.
“Partly. It is hard to earn a lot of money if you don’t have levels. Opening’s a good job because I can fake having Skills that protect me against poison or a lot of traps. Not that I try to get hit by spells, by the way. But it’s saved me twice when there’s been contact poison on the envelope. Vampires are really hard to poison. But I work other jobs as well.”
“I noticed. How many jobs do you have?”
The girl began ticking them off on her fingers. Ryoka looked around and spotted Himalt walking towards the barn, hole in the keep apparently fixed. He was quite quick—so was Fierre. Even walking, they moved faster than normal, as if permanently sped up.
“Let’s see. I work as an opener for Runners. I buy and sell information—but I’m not that well-connected. I help Miss Kelysta out in her shop, mainly by grinding poisonous herbs and so on. I’m a part-time laborer, I do grave digging if the [Gravedigger]’s back is shot. Sometimes I help with building, I’ve earned money as a butcher, and I’ve got experience as a barmaid…”
“Sure you don’t want to add being a Runner to that? You could probably make a good living. At least as a City Runner.”
Fierre hesitated.
