6.02
Page 24
Numbtongue wandered. Erin walked towards the Hive. She walked past the Soldiers, who looked at her. She walked through the Hive and the Antinium stopped. She walked into a room filled with symbols drawn in paint on the walls. There she found Pawn.
“Erin—”
“I’m so sorry.”
Erin sobbed as she reached out. She hugged Pawn as Workers and Soldiers gathered around. She hugged him, crying onto his hard body. That was all she said.
“I’m so sorry.”
And.
“Thank you.”
What else was there to say? Pawn held her and trembled. And sometime later, Erin’s tears stopped. But she didn’t. She walked back up into Liscor and found Numbtongue standing by a fountain. Less [Guardsmen] were surrounding him. A brawl had started in two separate streets and a bathhouse was filled with arguing Gnolls and Drakes. Someone was trying to drown Lism.
“Erin.”
She found people she recognized in the street. Halrac and his Griffon Hunt. Erin just went up to the [Scout] and hugged him. Her eyes were wet, but she didn’t cry.
“Why’d they die?”
And Halrac had no answer. He remained very still as Erin hugged him. Gingerly, as if he were afraid she’d break, he patted her once on the back. Revi hugged Erin.
“I’m sorry.”
And Numbtongue looked back and saw Erin embracing Krshia. He looked around as the Gnoll woman came up to him. And he spoke to her, briefly. Then he got up and walked.
Children ran away from him. Children ran up to him. Children threw stones at him and one was spanked and the others were not. Where Numbtongue passed, some Drakes and Gnolls shouted curses. Others argued. Some were silent.
“Goblins killed my wife!”
A Gnoll struggled to get at Numbtongue. The [Bard] stared into wild eyes.
“Humans killed my family.”
He received only a snarl in response. Numbtongue wandered on.
He wasn’t helping people. Nor was he changing them. Not really. A mob came to lynch him. Relc and Klbkch broke it up with a dozen [Guardsmen]. Zevara counted two dozen brawls stopped by midday. And countless more petty arguments and individual fights.
“It’s turning into a riot. We have to get him out of here.”
She made the call. Numbtongue looked around as the [Guardsman] formed ranks. With shields facing out. Erin tugged him towards the gates. He walked, tripping, half-falling. Stomach rumbling. They led him towards the door and vanished. But the fighting remained.
It was about the Goblins. Some of the people in Liscor spoke up.
“I saw them fighting. Those five Goblins were at the Human’s inn for over a month! They saved our people from the Raskghar!”
“They’re all the same kind. They’re Goblins.”
“It was Goblins who defend Liscor.”
“It was Goblins who attacked it.”
“Thanks to the Humans!”
“Goblins killed my daughter in the Second Antinium War.”
“Goblins slaughtered my family I will never, ever—”
“I didn’t know a Goblin could cry.”
“I didn’t know Goblins could speak.”
Arguments. Fighting. Zevara stood in her office in the barracks and listened to her city boiling. For some reason, it didn’t bother her. It was familiar.
“Watch Captain, requesting permission to call in off-duty officers and Embria’s [Soldiers]. Some are already keeping the peace, but we are understaffed.”
Klbkch stood behind her. Embria turned.
“It’s familiar.”
He paused.
“What is?”
“This. You know, after the Second Antinium War—before you lot were in the city—the same thing happened. I was just a new [Guardswoman]. But I remember the same thing happening.”
“People drowning each other in the bathhouse?”
Zevara smiled.
“Riots. Fights. Half the city fought the other half. Argued about the Antinium.”
Klbkch was silent for a moment.
