6.03
Page 14
Ceria slipped with her fork and stabbed the table. Pisces and Yvlon looked up. Ksmvr kept eating because he could listen and eat at the same time. Erin turned her head sharply.
“Me?”
Seborn and Moore were quiet. They sat behind Jelaqua. She nodded.
“We’re down—well, we used to have a lot more in our group. One of our members was Garen. You know why he left. But we talked—for a long time, really. And you Redfangs were adventurers. You just didn’t get paid or recognized. I’m not saying it would be easier with us. In fact, we tend to attract trouble. But if you wanted to continue being an adventurer…we have a spot open for a [Bard].”
Ceria held her breath. A Gold-rank team was asking a Goblin to join them? But Numbtongue had been part of Garen’s tribe. And she had seen him fight. The Hobgoblin looked at Jelaqua. He hesitated.
And then he shook his head.
“No.”
Moore let out a soft sigh. Jelaqua nodded hurriedly.
“No problem. I just thought I’d offer. It’s totally fine if—”
“I am an adventurer.”
“Right, right. That’s what I said. I just—damn it, I wasn’t implying—”
Jelaqua flushed orange. Numbtongue shook his head again.
“I wasn’t mad. You’re right. Your offer is generous. I would have said yes. But I belong here.”
He looked at Erin. And the [Innkeeper] smiled. Every head turned to her. And Ceria was relieved to see both her and Numbtongue smile. Jelaqua grinned as well, in relief.
“That’s good. Whew, I thought I’d stepped in it this time. Shame, though. We could use a proper [Mage].”
Moore flicked her on the back of the head as she went to take a drink. Pisces gave the half-Giant an appreciative nod. Everyone laughed. Jelaqua accepted a cloth napkin from Mrsha. And Lyonette looked up.
“I’m done! I knew it was possible.”
Erin turned. The [Princess] straightened and showed everyone something. It was a crude wheel, just a thin circle of wood, really, able to rotate on a central axis. Half of it rose above the doorframe. The part touching the door had something embedded in it.
The mana stone. Lyonette carefully turned the wheel so the glowing blue stone was touching the magic door. She opened the door, and Octavia’s shop appeared. The [Alchemist] looked up.
“Hey! If it isn’t my favorite—”
Lyonette closed the door. She turned the wheel so the green stone appeared, and the streets of Liscor appeared. A passing Drake looked up. Lyonette shut the door, turned the wheel until no mana stone was connected with the door, and opened it. A solid wooden wall lay beyond. She turned and gave Pisces a long look. The [Necromancer]’s mouth was open.
“You did it!”
Jelaqua exclaimed. She stood up to take a look. So did Erin.
“I was tired of messing with that bowl. It keeps getting knocked over and I have to fumble with the mana stones—this is simpler. If you spin the wheel, you can open the door. Once Jelaqua’s team has their mana stone, I can add it. We might need multiple wheels or something, but I can work out a better system.”
“It’s still not automatic, but it’s a lot more convenient. Now all I need is to put this thing on legs.”
Erin smiled as she inspected the crude wheel. Jelaqua chortled.
“And Typhenous, Falene, and Pisces said it couldn’t be done! What do you think of this, smart guy?”
She laughed at Pisces. The [Necromancer] sniffed.
“It appears to be a non-magical solution to a highly magical equation. Which doesn’t fix the issue of automatically switching connections or the door’s mana constraints. Am I supposed to be impressed by a bit of wood?”
Moore reached over and prodded Pisces.
“Be polite. It’s quite ingenious.”
