6.03
Page 18
The bearer of this document is a Goblin by the name of Numbtongue. He is a recognized adventurer and is therefore entitled to all the rights of a person regardless of where he goes. And if you have a problem, the following list of people vouch for him and will collectively kick your butt. 
 
Signed,
Wall Lord Ilvriss of Salazar
Erin Solstice, [Innkeeper]
Watch Captain Zevara of Liscor
[Strategist] Olesm Swifttail of Liscor
Guildmistress Tekshia Shivertail of Liscor
Bevussa Slenderscale, Captain of the Wings of Pallass.
Halrac Everam, Captain of Griffon Hunt
Jelaqua Ivirith, Captain of the Halfseekers
Ceria Springwalker, Captain of the Horns of Hammerad
Krshia Silverfang of Tribe Silverfang
Pisces
 
The actual message was short. But the list of signatures was long. And there was plenty of space to add to it. Erin looked at Lyonette.
“Well?”
“No city would accept this, Erin.”
“Well, they’ll accept it when they hear about a Goblin in Pallass. And I’ll send [Messages] ahead. He doesn’t have to come. But if an adventurer meets him, if he wants to go to Liscor—he’ll have this.”
A document proving Numbtongue wasn’t a monster. Part of Lyonette objected to it. So had Erin, but she’d still made it.
“He needs it. It’s not right, but he should have it. And he deserves it.”
“You got them all to sign like that?”
“Yes.”
Somehow, Lyonette even imagined it hadn’t been that hard for Erin. The [Innkeeper] had an intensity about her at times that would cow even her father. At times. Other times she was silly and relaxed. Was everyone from her world like that?
No, just her. Lyonette looked up.
“So you’re going to leave the inn? Go travelling?”
“Yeah. I mean, not all the time. But sometimes. I’ll…go to Pallass first. Get Numbtongue through. See what it’s like. But I can’t stay here. I’m sorry.”
“Good.”
Erin blinked. Lyonette looked up.
“It’s a good idea. Leave the inn to me. I’ll manage it while you’re gone.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
Lyonette sat up. She looked Erin in the eye.
“Give me the authority to use the money in the inn and make decisions. I’ll rebuild it. Change some things. If you’re okay with that. All you have to do is cook while you’re here. I’ll run the inn. And earn you money. You go travelling—bring a magic door with you or something. And I’ll take over the inn.”
“But…”
All of Erin’s objections faded away as she looked at Lyonette. And she remembered Lyonette had run Erin’s inn before. She’d enjoyed it, in fact. She was a [Princess] when all was said and done.
“I suppose you need a promotion.”
“I’ll give myself a raise.”
The two grinned at each other. Lyonette looked around.
“Mrsha can go with you. If it’s safe. And this inn will be here. You’ll come back to it. And—”
And she’d make it bigger. Better. This inn had so much potential. Erin had been content to leave it as it had been, to expand when only necessary. But Lyonette envisioned a different place. A third floor and Bird’s tower was only the start. All she needed was coin, and a chance to try something new. The things from Erin’s world…
For the first time in a while, Lyonette was excited about her job. And she saw that Erin looked happier. As if a weight had been lifted from her shoulders.
“It’s not yet. So don’t start knocking down walls right away! But as soon as Hawk gets to Pallass—there’s all kinds of places I want to go. And I’m going to send the Horns to look for Ryoka.”
“You think they’ll find her.”
“Them. Or Griffon Hunt. Or the Halfseekers. I want to go north, too. North and south and—”
