6.03
Page 15
“I’ll tell Drassi and Ishkr to check both connections while they’re working. They’ve been complaining about the hassle, but if they do it once every thirty minutes…”
Lyonette was talking to Erin. She glanced at the door.
“I’ll go and tell them to come in tonight. Unless the inn’s still closed?”
She looked at Erin. So did everyone else. They held their breaths. Erin looked around. She paused, then nodded slowly.
“No, I think that’s a good idea. Tell them. The Wandering Inn is open again.”
A low sigh ran around the room. Lyonette smiled, set the door for Liscor, and opened it. Erin saw daylight flood into the inn. She heard Ceria laugh at Pisces and his loud sniff. Jelaqua began talking with Seborn about how to transport the door north, by wagon or on foot, and Moore argued for getting another team to do it so he wouldn’t have to walk.
The day was bright and sunny. And Erin stared into it and knew that she couldn’t do it. Her inn was just too small.
 
—-
 
“Leave?”
Krshia looked up, surprised. Erin nodded. She leaned on Krshia’s stall. Her smile of the morning was gone, but she wasn’t crying. That didn’t stop the Drakes around her from giving her the fish-eye and a wide berth. There was still some damage on Market Street. Apparently the city had been in turmoil for hours after they’d gone. Erin wasn’t sorry.
“I can’t stay in the inn. Not now. I just can’t. I don’t know what I’ll do, Krshia.”
“Hrm. Why worry?”
The [Shopkeeper]’s prosaic remark made Erin look up at her. Krshia smiled and pushed Erin with one paw.
“Off. I need my display to go here. How much is a good price for Miss Octavia’s potions?”
“Fourteen silver for a healing potion?”
“Hah!”
Krshia laughed. Then she realized Erin was serious. She shook her head and wrote on the chalk board. Erin studied it. Eleven silver and four copper for a healing potion, one of Octavia’s cheapest.
“I was close.”
The Gnoll just snorted.
“Healing potions are expensive. Even these. You think anyone can afford them? A family buys one for a year. And I intend to have their business. Adventurers, now…ah, Miss Tassai. I have that custom-ordered ointment from the [Alchemist]. As you requested.”
She shooed Erin out of the way. The young woman came back after the Drake had done her shopping.
“Why wouldn’t I worry? I have to run my inn.”
“Mm. Why?”
Erin paused.
“Because it’s my inn?”
“Is that not what you pay Drassi and Ishkr for? And Lyonette? Do you think Peslas spends his time working all day? Do you think you need to, especially with your ability to preserve food.”
“Uh—”
Erin opened and closed her mouth. Krshia looked at her.
“Do not stay if it hurts. Go. Run about in the fields. Play baseball—and invite me when you do! Go, drink. Find an attractive young person to have sex with. Or old person. Or buy one of my—”
“No.”
A flash of teeth.
“Very well. But do not stay if it taxes, Erin. Go. Leave the inn to one you trust. Lyonette managed in your absence. Go, and return when you are able. But do not force yourself, yes?”
It was simple wisdom. But it had Erin blinking nonetheless. Go?
“Where? North?”
She didn’t want to go north. She didn’t want to talk to other humans. Not right now. Erin thought of Ryoka—Krshia was shaking her head.
“North. I understand the adventurers would want to go north, but it is hardly the only direction, yes? Why not go south? I will be heading that way in time. It would be a boon to have your magic door take me closer to my destination. There will be a connection to Pallass soon, yes?”
“Uh—I guess?”
