6.03
Page 16
“Better to know than to guess. I would like to know. Because the grand meeting of tribes is soon upon us, Erin Solstice. And I must be there. And when I go…I may ask Mrsha to come with me.”
Erin looked up sharply.
“Mrsha?”
“Mm. She may be important. And the fate of the Stone Spears tribe must be discussed, if nothing else.”
Krshia deftly organized her rack of magical potions, looking as calm as could be. Erin suspected she was avoiding explaining herself. Because she knew Mrsha had magic powers? She narrowed her eyes, but said nothing.
“Lyonette would never let Mrsha out of her sight. I wouldn’t want that either.”
“Then do not. Come south. Run across the Gnoll plains. I would be happy to be your guide.”
Krshia looked up. Erin blinked.
“Me?”
“It is not as if Humans are barred from Gnoll lands, yes? Your kind seldom makes the trip. As for the grand meeting—you could be on the outside. So yes, I say come. Come, Erin Solstice. Explore my home.”
Krshia swept an arm out. She pointed south. Erin turned her head. And she had a thought.
 
—-
 
“Excuse me, Wall Lord.”
“Let her in.”
Ilvriss didn’t look up. He’d heard Erin arguing with his door guards. He sighed, closed the reports, and looked up as Erin walked into his office. She was holding a guitar. He eyed it.
“Your new help is a jerk.”
Erin announced to him. She wasn’t smiling. But she had that look in her eye that Ilvriss was almost relieved to see. A challenging look. One he was sure would mean a headache for him.
“Captain—er, Major Scaleshield is diligent in guarding me. As she should be. What do you want, Miss Solstice?”
“Are you going to send someone to Pallass? Because I want to reopen my door there.”
Surprising. Ilvriss coughed and made a little note to schedule Hawk’s services today.
“I had every intention. However, your inn was closed until today.”
“Yes. It was.”
The two stared at each other. Ilvriss tapped his claws on the table.
“I will pay for the delivery of course. And I intend to use your door as soon as I can get those egg-brained idiots in Pallass to let me through. Was there something else you wanted, Miss Solstice?”
“Yes. I want a favor.”
The Wall Lord concealed a moment of surprise. His mind raced ahead of the conversation and found…nothing. He had no way of predicting what she was going to ask for.
“A favor? And I assume you intend to pay back said favor? How would you recompense a Lord of the Wall?”
“I’d say it’s a favor I’m already owed. Or rather, the Goblins are. You owe them. Liscor does too.”
Erin stared hard at Ilvriss. He shifted in his seat.
“I…will acknowledge there is some debt. But if you wish to force the Hobgoblin’s entry into the city, that is a matter for Watch Captain Zevara. Even I cannot force her—”
“I’m going to her after you. But you owe the Goblins. And this is part of what you owe. Here. Sign this.”
Erin unfurled a piece of parchment. She slapped it onto the desk in front of Ilvriss. He blinked at it and read the scrawled handwriting quickly. He looked up after a minute.
“You’ve misspelled ‘therefore’.”
“What? No I didn’t.”
Erin scowled down at the scroll. She jabbed a finger.
“It’s spelled right!”
“Then your handwriting is extraordinarily messy. And this parchment is disgusting. I’d rather write on a living goat. Excuse me.”
Ilvriss brushed the scroll off his table. Erin grabbed for it and glared. But Ilvriss had already selected a piece of extraordinarily white paper. He eyed it, and then sighed.
“There’s no helping it. If one is to do this properly…”
