6.03
Page 13
Jelaqua fixed a sympathetic eye on Ceria. The half-Elf nodded.
“That’s fair. We’ll be taking the door north for weeks to get to Invrisil, so there’s no rush. You can come out along the way. Hell, we’ll make it a party on the road. And Erin can come with us! It beats staring at Moore’s back all day and losing a fortune in dice to Seborn.”
Erin smiled. The idea was tempting. But north? She thought of the Human army and her enthusiasm faded a tiny bit. Still, she nodded.
“My door’s open to you all. Both doors.”
“Now, if only there was a way to make that damn thing change from spot to spot without having to fumble with mana stones.”
Jelaqua grumbled into her plate. Ceria sighed and Pisces began explaining for the umpteenth time why that was impossible. Lyonette, who’d heard the conversation, paused and went over to the door after serving Moore a heaping platter. She checked the bowl.
There were three mana stones in it. A green one, a blue one, for Liscor and Celum respectively, and a red stone. The yellow stone for Pallass was gone.
“What’s the red one?”
“Oh. That was the Goblin’s cave. I—the door doesn’t work anymore for some reason. It might have fallen over or been broken.”
Erin looked up. Lyonette studied the mana stone, but she didn’t get rid of it. Instead, she narrowed her eyes and looked at the door.
“What if…?”
She got out some spare wood, the nails and hammer that Erin had yet to put away, and opened the door to Celum to get some quick-drying glue from Octavia. She began working with Mrsha watching her as Erin greeted the others.
“Think the Silver Swords will go north too?”
“To another adventure, definitely. My brother’s done what he came here to do. Which was protect me.”
Yvlon nodded, in better spirits than before. She looked…calmer as she rubbed at one of her arms.
“Talk about overprotective.”
Seborn muttered. Yvlon nodded.
“A bit. But he did do all of this for us. And he didn’t even get any treasure.”
“Which he won’t. Unless you want to give up your share?”
Pisces looked at Yvlon. She eyed him. Ksmvr happily kicked Pisces under the table without being asked.
“He’s rich enough. But I think I will stop by my home if we ever go north. Of course, you’ll all have to come with me. We’ve got decent vineyards. But that’s the only thing I want.”
“And I would like to be an asset to the team.”
Ksmvr chimed in. Pisces rubbed at his leg.
“Commendable. I suppose I’m with you all, as painful as the experience may be.”
“Well, for as long as I have you, I’ll enjoy it. You can all stay here. So long as you keep paying me.”
Erin looked at Moore, and the half-Giant smiled. He tipped a mug up and drank from it.
“You’re too kind, Miss Solstice. But we had one more thing to say, didn’t we, Jelaqua?”
He reached out and nudged Jelaqua with a finger, despite sitting at a different table. The Selphid grimaced. She hesitated, and looked at Seborn.
“You do it.”
“Aw, damn it, Seborn…okay.”
Jelaqua signed and looked at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin was eating at a table by himself, but not too far away from the others. He kept staring through the window at the sun and mouthing silently to himself, lost in thought.
“Numbtongue.”
He looked up. Jelaqua smiled at him, awkwardly. At some point, Erin realized she’d swapped her Raskghar body for a Human one, one of the casualties of Liscor’s battle. Probably so Mrsha would stop being scared.
“I don’t know how to say this. So I guess this is how. Uh—if you’re not planning on doing anything, we’d like to invite you to our team.”
