6.03
Page 19
Erin was speaking when a sound came from the stage. Heads turned. Numbtongue’s quiet tuning of the guitar had turned into faint strumming. The Hobgoblin looked up and stared across his audience. He found Erin and Lyonette in the crowd. They turned to face him as Numbtongue played on his new guitar.
Sparks crackled from the strings. For a moment. But only that. Numbtongue had already used his guitar once.
Lightning from the skies, striking a tall Hobgoblin, a mountain lurching across the ground. For a second Eater of Spears was a ball of light. And then he fell, and Numbtongue played his dirge, played and played and heard the music again.
It was back in him. The Hobgoblin played a riff, and the crowd looked up. Then he began to strum a slower beat.
It was no song that Erin had taught him that came from the guitar. It had no notes. It was spontaneous. Meant to go with words. A quiet melody. Numbtongue played it for a minute. Then he looked up and sang. His voice was quiet at first, but it grew louder, echoing.
Adventurers looked up. [Guards] and [Mages]. Drakes and Humans, Gnolls, Garuda and Selphid, half-Giant and Drowned man. A pair of half-Elves glanced up as Numbtongue’s voice rolled through the inn.
 
This is a Goblin song,
You don’t know it, so don’t bother singing along
From Baleros to Chandrar to Izril, north and south
You’d never believe it if it didn’t come from Goblin mouth.
But it’s true; we sing and laugh and smile and weep
And we’re proud and wise and foolish and meek
So if it’s a Goblin’s ears you seek—
Remember, you call us monsters, but we sing and speak.
We broke the moths of Liscor’s dungeon and held the breach
And we fought the Raskghar in the deeps
We took arms against brother against the Goblin Lord
For an [Innkeeper]’s tears and no reward
And died to Drake spear and Human sword.
We fought for you, we monsters green
We can rhyme (we’re more than we seem!),
So if you seek us in our hidden homes and quiet dens
Come as people, come as friends
Or come as you always have to be our end.
But remember this day; you’ll never forget
You heard a Goblin song
We’re not all dead yet.
 
That was all. It wasn’t a good song. Or even a great one. Numbtongue had come up with it over a day, mainly by rhyming. But it was his song. His first song. And while it was poor compared to the lyrics that burned in his heart from Erin’s world, it was enough. It brought tears to eyes, it made people doubt reality.
It was enough. Numbtongue rested his claws over the guitar strings, ready to play another song. And sing it too. He didn’t expect the applause.
Erin Solstice clapped her hands, standing up. She wasn’t the only one. Numbtongue looked up. He heard foot stomps, someone banging a mug—and applause. He saw faces looking up at him. And they weren’t angry. Some had tears. Others looked ashamed. And some just looked at him, a Goblin on the stage, without hatred.
He hadn’t expected that. Goblins never did. But Numbtongue accepted it. He enjoyed it. For a second or two, the applause fell like warm rain. Then it was over. But Numbtongue chased it. He began to play. And the music was there. Changed. Forever changed, but it was there. It echoed through the inn. And this time a Goblin’s voice came with it.
A Goblin’s song. As the people listened, it made them sit up. It brought strength to weary limbs. Hope for the future. And the Goblin sang and sang. He was crying, laughing, smiling. For he was experiencing something few Goblins had ever felt. A wish he didn’t even know fulfilled. A sense of peace. Hope.
At long last, he was home.
 
