6.03
Page 12
“You’re not sleeping in there anymore, Erin. I was sick of tripping over your bed every time I walked in there. You can have our old room. Mrsha and I moved in across from you, anyways.”
“No, that’s fine. Numbtongue can have the room next to mine as well. I just thought I’d make it official.”
“How?”
With a piece of wood, some paint and a brush, and nails. Also a hammer, although Yvlon caught them doing it and offered to use the pommel of her sword. Erin declined. She found a hammer and tapped the sign into place over her door first.
Erin Solstice.
The little plaque hung over her door. Erin went to Mrsha and Lyonette’s room next. Mrsha insisted her name be above Lyonette’s, and the [Princess] tickled her until Mrsha agreed to have it on the same level.
Numbtongue emerged to the sound of his nameplate being put on his door. He stared at it for a long time and touched it until he got paint on his fingers. Then he insisted on retouching the paint himself.
Pisces came out of his room to howl about the hammering. Jelaqua stomped on the floorboards from the second floor and screamed at him for screaming. Erin offered them both eggs and they got up.
“We’re going to leave soon. Halrac’s team is going as well.”
Jelaqua spoke conversationally over breakfast. She elbowed Pisces and the [Mage] swallowed his mouthful of eggs hard. He glared at the Selphid but didn’t try elbowing back. Erin looked at them.
“You’re going north?”
“You know how it is. Another adventure. All our treasure to spend. We have to get it changed into gold first, and get those damned cursed necklaces offloaded—but yeah. I think we’re bound for Invrisil.”
“Oh. Okay. I’ll miss you.”
The Selphid shot Erin an awkward, pleased grin.
“Well, don’t go saying goodbye just yet. We thought we’d do it the Erin way.”
Erin looked blank. Then her eyes widened.
“You mean…”
“We’ll take a door, head north, pop back for lunch, our beds, and maybe some work in the area. It’ll be slow, but we’re guaranteed a nice place, right? And if we had a door in Invrisil, well, we could use it now and then to pop back and say hi to our third favorite [Innkeeper], right?”
“Peslas will like that, I’m sure.”
Jelaqua laughed. Erin smiled wanly. But it was a smile. The Selphid quieted down as Moore and Seborn came down the stairs.
“We’ll go further north still. But we’ll be closer by if there’s that door. And…you’d have a way to the City of Adventurers. True, it wouldn’t work that often, but there’s so much in the north. I’d love to show you around.”
Erin tried to imagine it. She couldn’t, but that just made the thought more enticing.
“I’d like that.”
Pisces cleared his throat.
“We may be doing the same thing.”
Ceria and Jelaqua looked at him. The half-Elf swallowed.
“I never said anything about it.”
Pisces sniffed.
“No, but I would imagine the conversation need not actually occur in order for rational minds to come to the same conclusion. There is a finite amount of work to be had around Liscor. Thus—”
Erin jabbed him in the side. Pisces yelped. He glared at Erin and sighed.
“My point is that we will eventually need more work. So a door to Invrisil would benefit us as well.”
Ceria played with her napkin, which she’d yet to use in lieu of her arm.
“I—yes, you’re right, Pisces.”
“As always.”
“Kick him for me, Jelaqua? Thanks. We should keep going. We have to. But—maybe not yet? I want to stay around Liscor. We can probably earn enough putting down the undead, or go through to Celum for some jobs. But I want to stay.”
“Until the trial? With your friend?”
