6.03
Page 17
He put the blank paper back and opened a drawer at his desk. This time he pulled out a different piece of paper, embossed with Salazsar’s personal watermark. Erin blinked at the delicate border on the paper.
“Spelled to avoid tearing or stains. Don’t try and rip it, however. The enchantment isn’t that strong.”
Ilvriss admonished Erin as he wrote on the paper with a steady hand. She blinked as she saw what he was writing. Ilvriss scrawled his name at the bottom of the parchment.
“Hey! I signed that first.”
“And I am a Lord of the Wall. My signature takes priority. Here. I assume Watch Captain Zevara will be forced to sign this next?”
He handed the paper to Erin. She blinked at it.
“You signed it.”
“A debt is a debt. And a true Drake pays their debts.”
Ilvriss wondered how much chaos that little piece of paper would bring. He looked at Erin as she blinked at the paper and then, without asking, borrowed his quill to sign it.
“You intend to bring him with you?”
“To Pallass? Yeah. And—and maybe elsewhere. Why? Is it a problem? I’ll have this.”
“That’s hardly enough. But there are ways. To tweak Pallass’ tail, I will intercede myself.”
Ilvriss gave Erin a ghost of a smile. He looked at her.
“But you intend to travel.”
“Yes. I can’t stay at my inn. I’m gonna leave. For a little bit. Go north or south. I haven’t…haven’t decided yet.”
She looked haunted for a moment. Ilvriss understood that feeling entirely. He cleared his throat.
“In that case, let me make you a proposal, Erin Solstice. I understand your magic door has limited reach. It could transport you to Pallass, but no further.”
“Yes.”
“But it is hardly as if other means of transport don’t exist. The roads of our continent are well-patrolled. The main ones, at least. So if you leave Liscor, don’t stop at Pallass.”
She blinked at him.
“You mean…?”
Ilvriss nodded.
“Come to Salazsar. Come to the Walled Cities. Go to Pallass first so your expectations are suitably low, but visit them all. The north will wait. Visit my home, Miss Solstice. You will be welcome to visit my estates. That is an invitation I offer to very few.”
She looked at him. Blinking a few times in surprise. It was a refreshing change. Ilvriss nodded to her. Now, while she was off-balance. He handed her the signed bit of paper.
“Here.”
She looked at it. Then she took it. For a moment her hands touched his claws. She inspected Ilvriss, with a curious look. Then she smiled. Just for a moment.
“Thanks, Ilvriss.”
She turned and walked out of his temporary office. The Drake watched her go, arguing with Osthia on the way out. He tapped a claw and muttered.
“That’s Wall Lord to you, you impudent [Innkeeper].”
Then he sat back and smiled.
 
—-
 
“This is…”
Lyonette held the piece of paper in front of her. She stared at it for a long time. It was a simple message. But it was written on costly paper that bore Salazsar’s seal. The writing was, in fact, written as precisely as any [Scribe] could do it. But a Wall Lord had done the writing.
And yet, the message was nonsensical. Insane. But—Lyonette read it again. Erin wiped sweat from her forehead. She glanced across the inn, at a Goblin sitting on the stage, tuning a guitar. Lyonette looked up at Numbtongue. She looked around at the busy inn, full of familiar faces. Waiting to talk to Erin. Perhaps to apologize. Or just to be here again. And then she looked down at the piece of paper.
 
