6.04 D
Page 19
She waved the phone at him as she turned the screen off.
“We’re in the black, remember? And Geneva insisted. We need a healthy diet. So no more rice and meat for us each night.”
“Aw, but I like eating rice and meat. It goes well with Ken and Aiko complaining about there not being any soy sauce.”
The two Australians laughed together for a second. And then Paige grew serious.
“About what we were talking about last night, Daly. I’ve been doing some sketches. Just—figuring things out, really.”
“And?”
Daly sat up, suddenly alert. Paige sighed. She opened her smartphone, this time to a drawing app and showed him a few sketches. They were rough—they’d been done with a finger, but it beat paying for parchment and ink. Besides how annoying it was to write on parchment, saving coins had been a vital necessity these last two weeks. As Paige had said, until now they’d been bleeding money and barely scraping by. Daly didn’t want to spend a copper coin more than necessary until they had money saved up, and he hoped his new apprenticeship as a [Carpenter] would help bring in that much needed silver.
Luan was already rowing from town to town with his canoe, learning the routes and earning money delivering for the Runner’s Guild. At the same time, Geneva was trying to earn money as a [Healer] would, and not finding much luck. The rest of the Earthworlders were doing what they could, even if that meant hauling goods from the docks all day. And Paige? She was working on doing more.
“I’m not an expert. I told you, I wanted to go into engineering, but in a completely different field.”
“Spaceships. Yeah. So do you have to be a rocket scientist to figure this out?”
She laughed tiredly.
“Better an engineer with actual experience in the workshop. Or someone who actually completed their degree. I’ve never built anything like this. I studied aerodynamics, not…look. I thought it over, and there’s no way I can make most of what we came up with.”
Daly’s smile faded.
“Damn. You sure?”
She nodded.
“I can’t make anything like a gun, Daly. Let alone something more complex. I mean, a gun’s doable, but gunpowder…I need sulfur, which is expensive. And I’d be making a matchlock. A gun you have to load by hand. You think that’d be useful?”
Daly thought about the Redcoats and how slow that was. He grimaced.
“Yeah. Not exactly great compared to a spell or a bow. What about an engine?”
She shrugged.
“Doable, I think, but a different problem. I know how some things work—like a steam engine, and I could experiment with making one. I’m sure I could make it in time, but I’d need specialized metalwork and lots of help. I’d need to hire a [Blacksmith], get high-quality steel, do experiments—none of which we can afford.”
“Right. Of course you do.”
It always came back to money. Daly sagged. Everything they needed, all the ideas the group had come up with to make something from their world that would earn them money—a steam engine to automate travel, or a forge to produce high-quality steel or just a gun—all of it required funds. Which they didn’t have yet.
“Hey. I’m not done yet. I did have one idea of something we could make. Or rather, I could make while you’re working.”
“Really? What?”
Daly opened his eyes. Paige swiped across the phone and showed him a picture. He took a second to realize what he was looking at.
“Is that a crossbow?”
