6.04 D
Page 22
“At least sixteen gold coins, then. It’s not just the power of the crossbow, you see. Metal implies it’s a lot sturdier. It can fire harder.”
“But I’m sure this can compare to a smaller one.”
“Maybe. But it’s wood. Most companies will rate wooden weapons very poorly. Even crossbows. Sorry, but that’s just how it is.”
Quallet handed the weapon back to Daly. He stared down at it.
“Well, fuck. Guess we’re not getting rich this way.”
He looked at Paige. Then back at Quallet.
“Okay. It’s not worth much on the market. But you said you’d pay gold for these. Can we sell them to you?”
“Us?”
Quallet and Quexa blinked. The Lizardgirl frowned.
“We don’t need that many bows, Daly. And we’ve got [Archers] who have their own weapons.”
“Yeah, but everyone could use one of these. Paige is going to make one for everyone in our group. You’re not thinking of it like we are.”
Daly hefted the crossbow. He pulled the string back, made sure the trigger was holding the rope, and then grabbed a quarrel. He looked at the others.
“I’m armed now. I get one shot—more if I have a quiver of say, twenty bolts. And that’s just me. I don’t need practice to use one of these. I don’t need a class or Skills. One of these hits you in the face? You’re dead. Give one to each person in the company, and we’ve got dozens of crossbows. With wood quarrels, and practice, how many can we shoot a minute? Six? That’s a lot of shots.”
Quallet frowned.
“I’ve heard of all-ranged companies, but I never thought I’d build one. You’re saying to lug these things around? That’s a lot of weight.”
“For a free shot at the beginning of the battle? Why not? Bring ‘em, fire them, and grab your other weapons. And if you teach your lot to fire them fast—”
Daly was staring down at the crossbow. He turned to Paige.
“We might not make a fortune with this, but we can defend ourselves. And fight. Earth-style.”
She nodded. Paige looked more hopeful. Defense. They’d been worrying about that issue. A lot of the Earthworlders could fight, but it didn’t come to them naturally. But this? This was almost like a gun. Quallet and Quexa didn’t see the danger, but Daly had come from a time where guns could fire faster than you could see. He looked down at the crossbow and wondered if this was a good idea. Then he reconsidered.
It was better than being defenseless.
“All we need now’s a boomerang. Think you can make one of them, Paige?”
She almost smiled. Daly handed the crossbow to her and then took a deep breath.
“Paige, figure out a way to make these things even stronger. I’m going to talk to Ken. Once you and I make more—a dozen or so, I’m going to quit my carpentry job.”
“What? Why? I thought you liked it.”
Daly did like it. But he was doing the math in his head.
“We’re not earning enough money like this. Someone needs to pull in lots of coin and Luan’s already doing deliveries day and night. Geneva’s not getting much business aside from the occasional person with a chopped-off limb. So. I’m going to apply to be an adventurer.”
 
—-
 
And so here they were. Adventuring paid more than carpentry. A lot more. At least, if you took contracts that had risk in them. The bounty on a herd of Stelbore, even a small one, was gold, not silver. The only risk was dying.
The Stelbore would gut Daly and the others if they charged. That meant they couldn’t. Daly waited, aiming at the boar’s flank. He didn’t hesitate. You couldn’t. He spoke softly.
“Now.”
