6.04 D
Page 11
The light appeared again. Daly looked down and saw dried blood on a leg. He bent, squinted. Ald held still. Daly inspected the wound for eggs, discoloration, but saw nothing as he brushed at the mud and blood.
“Looks fine to me. Just a bit of blood. Not even deep.”
“That’s what I thought.”
Ald relaxed a bit. Daly nodded.
“It’s not gonna slow you down, although it might attract bugs. Already got one bugger in there. Let’s put a bandage over it. If it’s bad, Geneva’ll take care of it when she gets back.”
“I’ve got a roll right here. Let’s wrap him up and reapply the mud.”
Siri rummaged in her belt pouch. Daly nodded.
“Clean it first. Where’s the med kit Geneva worked up?”
“Here.”
One of the others tossed Daly a little rucksack. He opened it and fished out a canteen. The instant he uncorked it, a pungent smell rose from the bottle.
“It’s gonna sting, Ald.”
“Hah. I got bit by a Ghoul. Don’t worry about—fuck!”
Ald bit his tongue as Daly poured the alcohol over the wound and then rubbed the blood and dirt away with a clean bit of cloth. He bit his tongue and kept silent as the bandage was swiftly applied and wrapped up. Daly slapped his knee gently.
“Good as new. Let us know if it starts feeling worse, got it?”
“Thanks, Daly.”
The operation had been very quiet, despite the swearing. Daly corked the canteen and stowed it again, resisting the urge to take a sip. The liquid within wasn’t for drinking, tempting as it might have been.
Medical kits didn’t exist for most companies. They had healing potions and little else. But the thing about having a [Doctor] in your company was that she insisted you be prepared. After all, healing potions couldn’t cover everything. Hence the bandages and other kit they’d brought with them. Antiseptic was especially important. Geneva had been tearing her hair out over the problem. She had a Skill, but she couldn’t be everywhere.
In lieu of rubbing alcohol or a proper antiseptic, Geneva had ordered them to bring whiskey, or a hard grain liquor as a substitute. That was what Daly had poured on Ald’s leg. And the smell was distinct. Some of the bugs flew away at the odor. Some came closer to investigate. Daly heard a grunt.
“Pshaw. What’s that stuff you poured on Ald? That Firebreath Whiskey we bought? It stinks!”
“Yeah. We want to get rid of the smell before we’re on the move.”
Daly scowled. He shouldn’t have applied the stuff here. Sloppy. They had to be more careful. If this was a riskier mission or something had been nearby—
One of the others spoke up thoughtfully.
“You know, we might be able to make a Molotov out of that stuff. Good old-fashioned firebombs? Worth a shot?”
“Maybe…don’t think it’d do much damage against our targets this time. But it’d probably scare them. I don’t think it could start a fire in this wet. What do you think, Daly?”
Siri spoke up quietly. Daly gave it a moment’s thought.
“No. Not this time. We start throwing alcohol around and we’ll be in the red for this job. We’ve got poison. We’ll try that first, pull back and rethink if it doesn’t. Remember, aim for the eyes or the side. No one speaks until we get there. Ready?”
The others gave a quiet affirmative. Daly nodded.
“Move out.”
