6.04 D
Page 15
“Damn it. Let’s spread out and search. Daly, Paige, you follow me. The rest of you, stay here!”
Quallet cursed. He led the way out the door and Daly followed, heart pounding. They searched for Caroline, asking about the inn, checking the forest. Shouting her name.
They never found her.
 
—-
 
“It’s not going to work. We have to split up the company.”
Ken announced that fact to the group the next morning. Daly looked up. He was sleep-deprived, exhausted from a night of searching. Quallet jerked. He’d been half-asleep.
“What do you mean? It’s over?”
Luan and the others looked at Ken as well, in alarm. The young Japanese man hesitated.
“No. The company is not over. But—we cannot be together. Work under the same flag.”
He turned and bowed to Quallet.
“Captain Marshhand, it is clear to me that you wish to have a company that fights and operates as one. You have mercenaries, and I think, the will to earn a living that way, is that correct?”
Quallet nodded slowly.
“That’s right. I’m done with the suppression company work. I want a real company at my back, not new soldiers. And I’m willing to make your company into one.”
Ken nodded a few times.
“I understand that. But I think we have had a miscommunication. A terrible one. You see, Miss Geneva, Luan, and I—we are not trying to form a company that is for hire. We are forming a—a group that protects others like us. That finds other people from our home.”
“Earth. Your strange homeland. I understand that. What’s the problem? Larger companies control land, territory, and so on.”
Again Ken nodded.
“That is true. But this company is small. And those of us from Earth—we are not willing to fight. Some of us might to defend ourselves, but we do not wish to. And Geneva especially.”
Every eye turned to her. Geneva nodded.
“I can’t be part of fighting. Even if it’s just me tending to the wounded on one side—if anyone’s hurt, I have a duty to help them.”
“Well that’s just great. A [Doctor] on our side is our one big asset. You’re telling me you want me to fight—without including Geneva or most of you lot?”
It looked as if Quallet would burst a vein. Ken shook his head.
“No, I think that would be unfair. And I think you and the others would be unwilling. So I am saying…we should split up. Captain Quallet, you should form your company and split with ours. We will earn money ourselves. Your company will be independent.”
The others gathered around the table froze. Daly looked up.
“Hold on, Ken! If we’re alone, what will we do to defend ourselves?”
The young man looked at him. His eyes were serious.
“I do not know, Daly. We must defend ourselves. But I think it is better to do this than have the others leave at once.”
“So we’re going to abandon each other? Just like that? We just made this company!”
“We did not think it through properly. And in truth, I think this is for the best. We can remain allies. But we are not working towards the same goals.”
Ken looked sideways at Quallet. The man rubbed at his face.
“That’s…true. I felt like that from the start. Damn it. I think you’re right. We’re not working towards the same goals, are we? I’m all for fighting, but you lot—aren’t.”
“So that’s it? We split up?”
Ken nodded.
“Anyone who wants to go with Quallet can. His company will earn money—work independently. I hope, I feel that we can keep strong ties. But he will not owe us anything. If he needs help, we can exchange help. Geneva can tend to the injured. I can negotiate on behalf of the company—but we must earn a living by ourselves. Without fighting.”
