6.04 D
Page 14
“That might be true. But we can’t protect you. When I said we should work as a company, I didn’t mean head to a battlefield as a third party. We should take small contracts. We don’t have the numbers or the punch to defend a target like you.”
Quallet looked at Geneva. She shrugged.
“Then I’ll go by myself.”
“This time they’ll kill you straight off. They won’t risk what happened last time. Word got around. You destabilize a battlefield. No [Strategist] will let you interrupt their plans.”
The Italian woman’s eyes blazed.
“What’s the other solution? Let everyone else fight?”
“It’s not necessarily going to come to battle! I told you, companies aren’t always at war.”
“And it if does?”
“You were [Soldiers]. Mercenaries. You survived one battle, and did it well. Why can’t you do it again—”
“Enough!”
Ken interrupted the two as they argued. He forced himself between Geneva and Quallet, speaking desperately.
“Please! Friends, calm down. No one is going back to the battlefield. We could not convince our friends, I think. We must find another way.”
Quallet subsided. Geneva stepped back unwillingly. The [Mercenary] looked at Ken and modulated his tone, but barely.
“That doesn’t change the fact that the rest of us came with your group because we thought it would be an opportunity. The Last Light, your strange lot—we’re with you. We are. But we have to earn a living and none of us have seen any coin.”
That was true. Quallet had funded them with his funds as well as their own. Daly looked down and gritted his teeth.
“We could fight. At least, do some patrolling. I’m sure at least half of us would sign up for it.”
He meant the Earthworlders. The Balerosian lot, Quexa included, were only too happy to act as a company. Quallet relaxed, but Geneva shook her head.
“I can’t let you do that, Daly. Not you or anyone else. At least two thirds of the Earthworlders are suffering from symptoms of PTSD. I’m not a psychologist, but that’s my diagnosis. And it’s an easy one to make.”
She looked from face to face. Quallet looked blank. Luan shifted.
“A lot of us have nightmares. Flashbacks. They’re unstable.”
“They’re green. This was their first battle. They’ll toughen up. I’ll keep discipline.”
Quallet growled. Geneva sighed loudly. He didn’t understand what they were talking about.
Paige spoke up.
“They’re afraid. They don’t want to fight. We’re not warriors, Quallet. We don’t come from a place where people fight. At all.”
“Well then, you’d better learn. Because a company that doesn’t fight dies.”
That was the last the man said. The others looked at each other. Luan sighed.
“If we stop here and let some of us take jobs while the rest work as a company, can you earn money from tending to people, Geneva? Enough to put us on the road?”
Geneva’s nostrils went white as she inhaled painfully.
“From what patients? Who needs a [Doctor] when you have healing potions? Besides, there aren’t enough injuries. Unless I’m on a battlefield—”
The door burst open. Quallet turned and Daly drew his axe in an instant. Dawson froze as he saw Daly turning towards him. Quallet seized Daly’s arm and brought the axe down.
“What the hell is it?”
He snapped at Dawson. Some of the color flooded back into Dawson’s face. The young man looked around the room.
“Caroline’s gone. Has anyone seen her?”
“No. Did she go outside?”
The others looked at each other. Dawson shook his head.
“We thought she was just somewhere else, but no one’s seen her all night. She was going out.”
“For a walk? I told you not to go out alone! Especially this late at night!”
“I don’t know if she did! But she’s missing.”
