6.04 D
Page 13
“It’s too expensive. We’ve got too many mouths. Even rice and meat add up, Daly. We can’t always cook it ourselves, and it’s way more expensive if we’re paying for meals. That’s on top of paying for rooms, Geneva’s supplies, materials for the Dullahan’s armor, bug repellant, not to mention ink, parchment, [Repair] spells for the electronics…”
“Damn it. What do we do, then?”
Daly scrubbed at his hair. Paige shrugged.
“I’ve done all I can. I can only relay the bad news.”
Which she did. Every night, the leaders of the United Nations company gathered. In Quallet’s tent if they were camping, in a room in the inn if they were paying for lodging—six of them.
Paige, Daly, Ken, Luan, Geneva, and Quallet. The six of them were, each in their own way, leaders. Daly and Paige represented the Australians, who were the largest group of otherworlders who’d survived to join the company. Paige kept the money, Daly had found himself keeping people in line. Stopping them from fighting on the road, wasting money, and so on. Ken was their diplomat, responsible for negotiating prices and more of the peacemaking. Luan was Luan. Geneva likewise. And Quallet was their link to the outside world and common sense.
It was that the [Mercenary Captain] threw at them now. They didn’t want to hear it, but he was insistent. He paced back and forth, looking angry and irritated.
“Companies always bleed coin. The way we earn it is constantly being on contract. Or by controlling and selling a resource of some kind. If we were responsible for guarding a town, for instance…but we’re not. We need to find work.”
“You mean, by taking a fight. Going out there and killing some other poor buggers.”
“Not necessarily. Companies get paid to menace an area, or just patrol. We could take a job clearing pest monsters. Or even undead. Anything to get by. I thought that was why you formed this company.”
The man glared at Geneva and Luan. The two looked at each other. Luan spoke quietly.
“We don’t want to fight, Quallet. It’s too risky. People will die.”
“That’s what happens in a company.”
“It’s not what we want. This company is supposed to protect its members.”
“By letting them starve?”
“By protecting. Finding another way to earn gold. We’re not in this to start fights!”
Luan snapped at Quallet. The man ground his teeth together. Geneva looked up.
“I can do it. I’ll offer my services at a battlefield. If Quallet can get together some people to guard me, I’ll see if Calectus is willing to stay with us and guard me.”
“For free?”
Quallet was skeptical. He had every right to be. The Selphid, Calectus, was already thinking of leaving. He’d done his job guarding Geneva from everything without so much as asking for a copper coin—now he was hinting at leaving more and more with each passing day. He wanted to find some of his Selphid friends and bring them back to meet Geneva. He wouldn’t be happy to learn she was planning on going back to the battlefield.
Neither was anyone else. Ken protested immediately.
“Geneva, please reconsider. Doing something like working on the battlefield—it’s too dangerous, surely!”
The [Doctor] shook her head. Her hands moved restlessly on the table. Daly saw her left hand’s fingers moving, as if they had a mind of their own compared to the right. He shivered but kept silent.
“I’m no use here. I can at least earn money by saving lives on the battlefield.”
