6.04 D
Page 8
“If she doesn’t have it already. I’m surprised. You all don’t have levels. Even you, Luan. Even though you’re fast on the water.”
The Lizardgirl looked at Luan. He shrugged, glancing at the others.
“It’s complicated. But I’ll want to level. Especially if it makes me faster. We should all be trying to level up, I think.”
“We’ve all got [Warrior] classes, mate. Should we keep leveling those classes?”
Daly felt at the axe at his side. Luan hesitated.
“That’s up to each of us, Daly my friend. But we need to earn money somehow. We’re the United Nations company, and we need to feed everyone somehow. I’m going to make money by running messages in my canoe. That’s a good job.”
Quexa nodded absently. Luan looked at Ken.
“And Quallet wants us to be a company. Escorting Geneva around. And fighting. Not sure that’s the right thing to do. But we need jobs and that’s a fact, friends.”
The others grew silent. They sat up a bit. It had been a wonderful few days here. But Luan had reminded them of the facts. They weren’t on vacation. And their surviving the fighting in the jungles hadn’t left them rich. They’d been paid for the fighting, but it wasn’t as if Quallet and the other suppression companies had come out with money from the broken contracts.
“Well, we’ll have another meeting tonight. Caroline can be our [Writer], and the rest of us can look for proper jobs once we head to another town.”
“Yeah. Definitely. We’ll make it.”
Paige smiled. But there was a bit of uncertainty in the smile. Daly could hear her turn up the music in her headphones. Luan looked around. And then he started.
“Oh. Look who’s coming.”
Every head turned. And the Humans grew still. Some sat up a bit. Walking across the beach came another figure that everyone recognized. Her steps were quick, her gait only a slight bit uneven, favoring her left side. But for all that, Geneva Scala was distinguished. Not just her bearing either. No one who saw her could forget. There walked Geneva, the [Doctor]. The Last Light of Baleros.
She had saved hundreds of lives on the battlefield before Ken and the others had found her. Alone, working in the jungle with nothing but scalpel, needles, and healing potions. To the people of this world, her skills were unique. She could do what no potion or spell could. She had brought people from the edge of death without rest.
And it showed. Of the people on the beach, Geneva was the only one who was clearly not smiling. She looked—restless.
“Ken. Luan. Aiko. Hello. What’s happening?”
Geneva paused before the others. Luan turned to her, smiling a bit.
“Geneva, come and look at this.”
He handed her the parchment before anyone could object. Geneva read quickly, and then visibly paused. She frowned.
“This is…”
“It’s erotica. Caroline’s thinking of marketing it. You know, like a cheap romance novel?”
Geneva looked up. She didn’t smile. Her expression seemed to be a perpetual frown. No—more like a concentrated stare. And she was restless, as if she expected to be called upon at any moment. She considered the writing and then handed it back to Luan.
“That’s not the correct anatomy. But if it sells, why not? We need money. We need to leave this place soon.”
The smile faded from Luan’s face.
“Not just yet. We could stay a few more days, right?”
Geneva shook her head.
“We’re running out of money. Do you know how much we have left?”
Luan shifted uncomfortably.
“I do. But some of us are worn out, Geneva. We all need more of a break. You included.”
“I’ll be fine. But we can’t keep putting this off, Luan.”
