6.04 D
Page 10
Almost. As they scooted into the camp, Daly could see one of them held what looked like an oversized firefly in their hand. A [Light] spell, but so faint that it barely provided any illumination. Which was the point.
“Sorry we’re late, boss.”
One of the latecomers murmured. He and the others trooped into the small camp space they’d set up. There was rustling—Daly moved aside as someone passed him. He saw the light pass him, and then a face came into view.
Dawson was a friend from home. But covered in mud, only his eyes were visible. He looked horrific in his jungle makeup. Daly nodded.
“Did you run into anything?”
“No. We had a clear go of it. But the damn buggers moved two hundred paces west. We had to follow them.”
“Can you find them again?”
“Definitely. They’re already asleep. So we can go as soon as we’re ready.”
That was good. Daly breathed out slowly in relief. At the same time though, he felt the tension racket up another notch.
“Give it twenty minutes. Anyone needs to eat? Get a mouthful in you. The rest of you—ready up.”
The others nodded. They shuffled around the camp, grabbing what supplies they’d left here. All in silence. Daly stretched. His legs were sore. Not only had he and the others set up camp here this morning, they’d spent all day tracking their quarry. They’d expected them to sleep later, but apparently it was lights out as soon as night fell. Well, it would speed up their job considerably. Daly didn’t want to wait another few hours like this.
“I’m gonna take a piss. I need a light.”
Someone muttered. The [Light] spell travelled to Daly’s left. He saw someone shuffle over. Male or female it didn’t matter. They didn’t get far enough away for anyone to not hear the quiet pattering sound. No one commented. Better embarrassment here than wandering too far out. And light was essential. You never knew what was around you.
That done, the others went back to getting ready. Daly already had his rucksack dropped, and he checked his weapons. He couldn’t afford something breaking. They’d only get one shot at this. The six of them had spent too much time to waste it here. And failing would have more repercussions than just wasted time and effort. It was their reputations on the line here. After all, they were adventurers.
Adventurers. Daly breathed in and out, slowly. His right index finger itched. It was an odd distinction. But adventurers were different from mercenaries in Baleros’ companies. They often fulfilled the same duties, but adventurers operated in smaller groups. They were hired for things like monster extermination over fighting other people. Usually. It didn’t mean the job was all that safer. Monsters were quite deadly.
But it beat killing people. There was that. Daly breathed in and out. String? Good. He loaded and unloaded the bulky weapon. He’d apply the poison at their destination. The [Alchemist] had told him it needed to be a fresh coat. He could hear the others doing the exact same check.
Silence. The minutes ticked by very, very slowly.
Aldenon, or Ald as he preferred to be called, sought Daly out as the others took a brief rest around the camp.
“Daly, I’ve got a bite. Something jumped up and got me on the way back.”
“Venomous?”
Daly was immediately alarmed. He looked down at his friend’s leg, but Ald shook his head.
“I don’t think so. It didn’t do much more than hurt. But it did bleed a bit. I didn’t want to use a healing potion until we could check it out. You know what Geneva said about venoms and potions.”
“Damn right. Let me see. Get that [Light] spell over here, Dawson.”
