6.04 D
Page 20
“That’s right. They sell them in the markets. I visited an weapons supplier while I was buying dinner and checked one out. Apparently not just anyone can make them. Normal [Blacksmiths] can’t. They can forge the parts, but a specialist [Carpenter] usually has to put it together at least. Usually a [Bowyer] who knows how crossbows work.”
“But you can figure it out?”
Paige shot Daly a smile.
“I got everything just from looking. And I took a picture when he wasn’t looking. See?”
She showed Daly an image of the crossbow. He swore.
“Don’t go showing your phone about in public! Remember what happened with Dawson?”
“I was careful. But I had to have an image. And all the parts make sense to me. If I can get a [Blacksmith] to sell me a few parts, the rest we can make with wood. I mean, if a certain someone can get ahold of wood.”
She waggled her eyebrows at him. Daly grinned.
“Wouldn’t know where to begin, but I’ll ask around. I’m sure my boss’ll let me have some if I ask her nicely. Or offer her some silver. It’s not like wood’s hard to get around here.”
“True. But I need it cut to very specific sizes so it’ll fit together. I’ll have the measurements for you tomorrow. Can you—figure out how to get the best cut of wood? The strongest variety?”
There was so much they didn’t know. Daly made a note to ask his Naga boss. That was easy—she liked chatting as she worked.
“No problem. Hell, she’s probably helped make crossbows herself. Won’t be a thing.”
“Thanks, Daly. And I think I can improve the design. Or at least, make it bigger. I’m going to try and make an almost all-wood crossbow to begin with. Something cheap we can manufacture quickly.”
“Think it’ll sell?”
Paige smirked.
“If it’s good, it will. This is Baleros. But I was thinking. Maybe I can make one of those advanced versions. You know, a compound bow?”
“Oh?”
Daly only vaguely recalled hearing about them. Paige showed him another blueprint that looked a lot less like a proper crossbow to Daly.
“I don’t know how they work, but the idea makes sense. Some of the Americans were telling me about them.”
The young [Axe Warrior] and soon-to-be [Carpenter] nodded slowly.
“Oh yeah. I remember them talking about that. Wishing they’d brought their pistols. Or a fucking rifle. As if they’d be walking around the airport with one of those.”
“Frankly, I wish they had carried one.”
Paige’s face was bleak. Daly couldn’t argue with that. He looked out the window at Baleros thoughtfully. A bug flew in through the window. Both Paige and Daly eyed it, but it didn’t look menacing. Just big. Daly took off his shoe and smashed it.
“If one of the security agents appeared here—”
“They’d be dead.”
“They’d have a gun. A bastard appears here with a submachine gun? Or even a pistol?”
“Still dead. How many rounds do you think they’re carrying? Enough to fight off a company? And frankly, a [Juggernaut] would tear them apart. Let alone a bunch of Centaurs with bows.”
Daly shook his head. That was true. For a second he remembered and his hand twitched towards his axe. But he was a [Carpenter] now, a carpenter. He shook off the memory and looked at Paige’s phone.
“So try and make a compound crossbow if you can. Looks fucked to me. But I’ll settle for a crossbow. It’s not like this town’s that safe. They got hit by raiders two months back. Ken’s saying he doesn’t want to stay long, and I agree. But we have to earn enough coin and this is the best spot.”
