6.05 D
Page 22
“We’re all working to survive here. The other species are different—but they are people. You can work and earn money, like everywhere. That’s why so many are out right now. Working. Ken and Geneva and Aiko will be back tomorrow morning.”
“And she is a [Doctor]?”
“That’s right. She doesn’t have her tools, but she studied medicine and she’s the best we’ve got. Her and Luan are the oldest. He’s a Runner.”
Then they had to explain what Runners were. And adventurers again. Daly corrected himself as he sat at the table, drinking some of the sugar water that came from boiling water with nali­-sticks.
“City Runner. Well, I say ‘Runner’, but he only operates on the water. He’s a kayak—sorry, a rower. Nothing to do with kayaks. And he’s an Olympian, a professional athlete.”
“He never actually competed.”
Paige demurred. Daly snorted.
“But he’s on the South African team.”
“An athlete? He must be insane on the water.”
Blake looked up. Daly grinned.
“Fast as fuck. When he gets back, you’ve got to watch him zip around. He can move faster in that canoe than I can run. Way faster with Skills.”
It was scary, really. But hearing about Luan was reassuring, as if someone who would have gone to the summer Olympics conveyed more safety. The Italians were relaxing by the time Nicola asked about the name.
“Why United Nations company?”
They’d understood that, but not the reason the Earthworlders had rallied around the name. Daly gave them a wry smile.
“It’s a symbol of home. Yeah, it’s a bit stupid, but a lot of people know the name, right? And it wasn’t us that picked it. Ken came up with it. He’s an idealist. And between you and me, I don’t think he knows quite what the UN did back at home.”
“It’s a good name, though. Really. It stands for something.”
Blake hurried to reassure the others. He looked up and groaned.
“I feel full. Excuse me, do you have a bathroom? And—a bath?”
“We’re hauling water for you right now. This way.”
Daly led Blake upstairs. Paige caught him on the way down.
“Good work.”
He nodded at her, smiling. Then he felt at his belt pouch and frowned.
“Paige, we’re down two gold, nine silver, and two coppers. I’m nearly out of money.”
“Got it. But we brought back four of our own.”
“True.”
Paige glanced over her shoulders. Daly heard an exclamation at the door. More of the company was returning from work.
“Damn, there’s going to be a crowd. I should get them upstairs and find them a room—and a bath—before everyone pours in. They need sleep, not more introductions.”
“I’ll head them off.”
“While you’re at it, can you get some xelca meat? Kirana forgot to buy some.”
“Aw—fine.”
Daly went downstairs. There were more Earthworlders outside. Anders, wet from his work in the harbor, Filip, young men and women from a number of countries. Most were Australian, though. Daly raised his voice.
“Hey, listen up you lot! We just got four more friends from home!”
There was a cheer. Daly shouted over it.
“Right, but before you come crowding inside, wait! They’re tired, exhausted—half starved—and they’ve had enough excitement. Paige is getting them upstairs, so don’t crowd them. Kirana’s got food going, so we’ll cycle you in and out—half of you’ll have to eat on the steps. And would someone buy some xelca meat? I’ve got money—”
“Did someone say xelca meat? My cousin sells it!”
A Lizardman poked his head out of the house across the street. Daly wavered. That was Talenqual, for you. No privacy.
“Uh, yeah. Can we get—fuck. I don’t know, six pounds?”
“Sure!”
“Hey, what’s xelca meat anyways? No one’ll give me a straight answer when I ask.”
