6.05 D
Page 1
“Hey there. Uh—sorry about that. We heard a noise. She must have dropped something and—”
“We know. It’s fine.”
Paige looked up. She was patting the younger girl, who was wiping her eyes. Daly’s heart sank, but Kirana said something to the girl. Sharply, in another language. Hindi? One of the languages of her nation. The girl gulped and looked at Daly.
“She dropped pieces of wood. She did not mean to wake you.”
“I’m sorry.”
The younger girl gulped. Daly gave her a reassuring smile.
“We should be apologizing. We just heard something and—you know, we’re adventurers. Really sorry, uh—”
“Priya.”
“Priya. Of course. I’m very sorry.”
Daly nodded at her. Priya sniffed. She looked at Kirana, and the older girl nodded.
“It’s fine.”
And that apparently ended that. Kirana got up, Priya hesitated, and then went past Daly. He coughed as she headed back upstairs, and looked at Paige.
“It was just—”
“I get it. It’s not the first time. Andel nearly stabbed Dion by accident the other day. I’ve banned weapons in the house, but you lot are a special case.”
“Right.”
The Bushrangers were the only active fighters among the group. Six of them, all adventurers. Of course the other Earthworlders owned weapons—especially those that had survived their stint as mercenaries—but Daly could see how dangerous that was. He scratched his head, feeling the adrenaline leaving him. He blinked and looked around.
“It’s late out. What time is it?”
“Late morning. We were going to let you sleep.”
Daly rubbed at his face.
“Kind of you. We needed it. We—aw, fuck. The computer—”
He’d forgotten to turn it off! It must have burned through all the battery. Paige looked up and shook her head.
“Don’t worry about it. Kirana saw you were all asleep and turned off the laptop.”
“That’s a relief.”
Daly sighed.
“We’ve got to get ahold of a spellbook or find someone who can teach us [Repair]. Paying for it’s not worth the expense each week.”
“It’s what keeps half of us sane. So I’m including it as a reasonable price. But I am searching for someone who can teach us—none of the [Mages] want to give up our daily contribution. And we don’t have anyone who’s high enough level yet, besides.”
Paige scowled as she sat down at the table. She was working on something. Another design, from the looks of it. She had a piece of charcoal and parchment she was sketching on. She glared at the document, probably thinking of the amount of money they paid to get [Mages] to recharge their electronics each week, and then looked up.
“You didn’t brush your teeth last night, did you?”
“We did not.”
Guiltily, Daly realized they hadn’t done anything like that for the last two days. He felt at his teeth. Furry. He winced. Paige just shook her head.
“Head upstairs. Kirana made some new toothpaste.”
“Really? Alright then. Be down in half a sec.”
He headed upstairs. True enough, Kirana was waiting for him. Priya was nowhere in sight. Kirana offered Daly something. He blinked down at a minty-smelling wooden tub.
“Here. We made toothpaste. Better than last time.”
She smiled as Daly accepted the thick, whitish-yellow paste and sniffed at it. The unmistakable mint smell intensified.
“This smells a lot better than the salt stuff we were using before. What’s in this, mint?”
“Mint. Oil. Salt—it’s better. You have toothbrushes?”
“Yep, I think we’re set. Thanks a lot, Kirana.”
She nodded. Daly made his way into the room and looked about.
“Hey you lot—”
“We’re changing.”
