6.05 D
Page 21
Daly promised and meant it. The Centaurs took off, dragging the wagon back towards the Runner’s Guild, done for the day. It was early evening now, and Daly headed straight into the apartments. He heard a commotion, and then opened the door and saw Kirana hugging Nicola, and more of the Earthworlders in the United Nations company surrounded the overwhelmed group.
“Hey! Come on! Clear a space! Let me introduce them!”
Daly raised his voice. He gestured to the group, and spoke to Blake.
“This here’s the headquarters of our group of refugees from Earth. Let me introduce you. Take a seat here—hey, they’re thirsty and hungry. Do we have food…?”
One of the Indian girls, Priya, rushed into the kitchen and came out with food. The still-hungry Italians and Blake set to as Daly pointed around the room.
“Let’s see. This is Kirana, Priya, um—”
“Amoli.”
Daly turned red as it transpired that he didn’t know all the names. They introduced themselves, talking in slow English while the others volunteered their names. Daly heard a clatter down the stairs, and looked up. Paige stopped on the stairs, staring.
“Hey Paige! You’ll never guess who dropped in! Someone from fucking New Zealand of all the luck!”
The Australian girl stared at Blake, and then descended slowly. The first thing she did was give him a hug, which made Daly embarrassed for the ribbing. He coughed.
“Paige is the one who holds down the fort while we’re all away. You could say she’s the boss around here.”
Paige gave Daly a look, and he went on.
“But our real leaders are all out. There’s about forty of us—but we have two guys and a girl who are pretty much running the show. Ken, Luan, and Geneva. And Aiko?”
“Are they adventurers? Like you?”
Blake pointed at Daly’s axe. Daly shook his head, grinning ruefully.
“Better. Ken’s a [Negotiator]. You got classes, so you know what I mean. He and Aiko—she’s Japanese too—they’re always with Geneva. He talks to people, gets them to let her work in peace. Aiko’s Geneva’s number one assistant.”
Besides Okasha. And no one was allowed to know about her. Then Daly realized he hadn’t said what Geneva did.
“Geneva’s a [Doctor].”
The word made all of the new Earthworlders look up. Diana urgently tugged on Nicola’s arm. She’d been swaying in the wagon, and Lorenzo had been helping her move about. Nicola looked up.
“Is she here? Diana is sick.”
Half of the people at the table drew back. Nicola waved a hand.
“No, no. It’s—”
She looked at Blake. He looked grave.
“Diabetes. She’s out of insulin and we—”
“Kirana! Grab us that kit!”
He jumped as both Paige and Daly turned and shouted. Kirana was already grabbing for a bottle. She pressed it on Diana and they rushed to explain what it was. The girl took a sip of the stamina potion after staring at it for a second. Then she gasped, and color flooded into her face. Daly took off and left the apartment to run and find the other person with diabetes—Filip, of Poland. He was working as a [Scribe], but he repeated Geneva’s instructions and Daly came back, huffing and puffing, to find that Paige had already found the hand-written instructions.
They were explaining more about Baleros and this world to the Italians, filling in the gaps that they’d guessed at. It turned out that the announcements in their head were a universal language, so the [Scavenger], [Survivalist], and [Skulker] classes they’d received were all familiar to them.
