6.05 D
Page 14
The village was actually on top of a hill. A nice, defensible spot with even a low mud brick wall, crumbling in places. But it hadn’t saved the place. Now, the Centaurs paused below the hill. Bault gestured up at it, sweating.
“We can pull you up the hill. But between you and me, that’ll cost you.”
“No need. We’ll make the trek. You guys wait here and rest a spell.”
Daly hopped out of the wagon. Pihava nodded.
“If you hear us shouting, get down here quick. If we see anything, we’re taking off.”
There were no signs of monsters, but Daly nodded.
“That’s fair. We won’t be long. Siri—”
He looked around. She was already taking point. As the [Scout] of the group, she was quietest, thanks for her Skills. Not that the road up to the village was covered by forest. Still, Daly and Dawson gave her a lead and then followed. Their crossbows were on their back in case they were being watched, but they were drawn, ready to be loaded and fired.
Daly’s skin crawled as he walked up towards the village. He could see several quite intact buildings. And he had a definite sense he was being watched. He looked at Dawson.
“How should we handle it? Call out first?”
He saw Dawson roll his shoulders.
“Up to you. I wish Ken was back here.”
“You think we’d send him up first? What if they were [Bandits]?”
“He’d probably charm them into giving us a hot meal. Why don’t we just march up, shout ‘anyone from Earth? If not, fuck off!’ And then—”
There was a shout from above. Daly and Dawson looked up. Siri had frozen. Someone had shouted and thrown something down at them. A heavy stone. It crashed and rolled down the slope. Instantly, Daly reached for the crossbow and hesitated. He looked for cover—there wasn’t any but the sides of the hill.
“Stay back! This is our place!”
Someone shouted from above. Daly couldn’t see who it was—but the gates of the village had been barricaded with boards of wood. It looked like someone had tried to repair parts of the wall. He saw a flicker of movement, and then another stone flew over the wall. Siri jumped back, but it landed well clear of her and rolled down the hill.
Daly glanced over his shoulder. Their Centaur guides were staring up at them. He waved at them and then looked at Dawson.
“That sounds like a Human.”
“Yeah, not friendly. Hey! We’re Humans! We want to talk! Are you from Earth?”
Dawson bellowed up at the walls. Daly heard a sound, muffled, and then cut off. There was a pause. And then—
“Go away! We have weapons!”
Daly exchanged a glance. The voice was loud, female, and panicked. The first voice had been male. He called up towards the village.
“We’re from Earth! Are you? Do you know—”
He got no further. Someone threw a rock.
“Leave! We won’t be tricked again! If you come any closer, we’ll kill you!”
More stones flew. These ones landed uncomfortably close, so the adventurers backed up. Shielding his face and watching for missiles, Daly hurried down the hill. There he looked at Siri and Dawson.
“They’re from Earth. I’ll bet anything.”
“But they’re fucking agro. Why the hell’s that?”
Dawson grimaced. Siri frowned.
“Did you hear what they said? ‘We won’t be tricked again’. Again. You think they ran into other people from our world?”
“If they did, it didn’t go well for them.”
Daly grunted. He eyed the village. Stones and shouting. He’d bet there were only a handful in the village. It would be easy enough to circle the hill and sneak up it, maybe with a distraction. Siri caught Daly’s eye.
“They’re terrified. You can hear it in their voices. We should do this peacefully.”
“How? If they’re pelting us with stones—”
