6.05 D
Page 9
Daly watched his belt pouch as he walked, careful of [Pickpockets]. He effortlessly fended off [Hawkers] and other street vendors, and ambled towards the port. The city of Talenqual had grown up around the docks, so most of the more established structures and richer districts were located closer to the spot. Not too close though; the smell of fish and the commerce of the docks wasn’t appealing to most.
“Nali-stick! Want a nali-stick?”
“Xelca meat, fresh!”
“Looking for someone willing to haul cargo off the ships! Fifteen pairs of hands wanted! No Centaurs!”
“Hey, has anyone seen the shop where they sell that new board game? Not the chess one—”
Daly heard competing voices shouting for attention as he walked. He paused and glanced at one of the shouters. A little Lizardgirl, her scales a dusky pink and yellow, was waving a basket of white, fibrous sticks. He paused in front of her and fished for a copper coin.
“Give me a stick.”
He offered her the coin. The Lizardgirl inspected it, fished in her basket, and held one up.
“Nali-stick! Here you go, Mister Daly!”
She knew him! The adventurer grinned.
“Have we met?”
The nali-stick seller looked scornful. She shook her head, the red frills around her neck opening slightly.
“Everyone knows the Human team that came here! You’re the Captain, right? Want more sticks for your team? I’ll give you one for free if you buy five!”
“No thanks. I’m good with one.”
Daly stuck the end of the white stick in his mouth and tore a piece off. It came away—the nali-stick was made up of many fibers—and chewed hard. For a second he only tasted the tough fiber, and then a wave of sweetness flooded his mouth. Daly grinned, and the Lizardgirl laughed as she saw his eyes light up.
Of the exports Baleros was known for, sugar was one of its chief moneymakers. It came from sugarcane, which grew on the continent above all else. The famed plant yielded sugar that the world so badly craved. However, Nali-sticks were concentrated versions of the tall-growing plant. Unlike sugarcane, they were much thinner, but held just as much sweet in their thin stalks.  As such they were highly prized as snacks, and it was a cheap buy in markets where the stuff grew plentifully.
“Want another stick, Mister? Or you want to buy information? Looking to raid a dungeon?”
Daly glanced back down at the little Lizardgirl.
“I could be. Why, you know about some super-secret dungeon full of treasure? Because I’ll treat you to a nali-stick if you do.”
Indignant, the little Lizardgirl pushed her basket up one arm and glared at Daly
“For information about a dungeon? You should pay me silver!”
The Australian adventurer grinned.
“I would. If I thought the information you were selling was good.”
“I’ll swear on a [Detect Lies] spell that—”
“—I’m sure you would. But that’s not the point, is it? If you’re selling information, how do I know you didn’t get it from someone else?”
Daly cut the little Lizardgirl off. She hesitated. He went on.
“And if you know about a special lair that’s popped up, I’ll bet everyone in the city knows about it. Especially at the Adventurer’s Guild, hmm? A new dungeon’s popped up and it’s all the rage? Is that the information you were going to sell me?”
She squirmed, a child caught out in a lie. Daly grinned.
“Well, now I have two reasons to go to the Guild.”
“Aw. But I still told you! Don’t I get anything?”
“Tell you what. I’ll buy you another nali-stick.”
“Five silver!”
He handed her a copper coin. The Lizardgirl eyed it, then shrugged and handed him another stick. Daly laughed and they parted ways.
