6.05 D
Page 7
Different though they might be, the allure of gold was a fairly universal attraction. Miss Hastel’s eyes lit up at the sight of the gold and silver. She let Daly place it on a small foot table in front of them.
“A proper payment. And ahead of time too. Your company are excellent tenants, Mister Dally, Miss Siri.”
“We try to be.”
Siri smiled. She looked at Miss Hastel’s stomach. Daly saw her open her mouth, and then he heard a slam. Someone had thrown open the door, and a loud, exuberant voice bellowed into the room.
“Hello! I’m back!”
Daly jerked. His hand went to his side, but this time another hand caught it. Siri stopped Daly from reaching for his axe. He relaxed at once and she let go. Miss Hastel hadn’t noticed. She’d jumped and was glaring towards the door. Daly turned and saw Miss Hastel’s husband…or partner, or…
Cat?
He was certainly a cat. If you took a look at the ancient Egyptian drawings of cat-gods and compared it to the Beastkin that strode into the apartment, you’d find a lot of differences. This was a proper cat-man, not just a cat’s head on a Human body. He was shorter than Daly, but slimmer, and he had Humanoid fingers. Beyond that though? All cat. His tail wagged as he grinned at Miss Hastel, did a double-take, and spotted the Humans.
“Oh! It’s the Humans! I didn’t know you had guests.”
“Rital!”
The Centaur woman looked completely embarrassed at his entry. Rital, looked completely unabashed. He spotted the gold coins and grinned.
“Ooh! Paying rent? You Humans are so prompt! And easy to deal with! Not like Lizardfolk or Dullahans. Or Centaurs. They’re all awful. Actually, what am I saying? Humans can get pretty bad too.”
Daly grinned. Rital was energetic as Miss Hastel was stately, for all that both of them were probably a decade older than he and Siri. The Centauress cleared her throat meaningfully.
“I think you mean to say that Mister Daly and Miss Siri are excellent residents.”
The Cat-tribe Beastkin nodded cheerfully.
“So long as they keep paying. Otherwise we’ve got a problem. Hey, pal. If you don’t keep paying her on time, I’ll get upset, you get me?”
He glared at Daly, narrowing his eyes. He pounded one furry fist into his palm. Daly tried not to laugh. And the sparkle in Rital’s eyes told Daly that he was having fun too.
“Perfectly clear, mate. Message received.”
“Aw, don’t worry! I’m just kidding. Or am I?”
Rital’s antics brought a laugh out of Daly. Miss Hastel on the other hand looked like she wanted to kick Rital. She stood up slowly and glared at her partner.
“I think Mister Daly and Miss Siri have more important business to attend to. Thank you for coming, you two.”
“Yep! Keep bringing us money! Hasty’s not able to get around that far. What with the kitt—er, foal on the way…”
The Cat-man bounded over lightly and put an arm around Hastel. His long, feline tail curled up around her. Siri sighed quietly so that only Daly noticed.
Miss Hastel went crimson. She looked mortified as she ushered the Humans to the door.
“Please excuse Rital. He’s always so…”
“We’re not bothered. He’s a breath of fresh air, that one.”
Daly reassured the female Centaur. She caught her breath, and then smiled at last.
“To you, maybe. But to other Centaurs…”
She held open the door. Daly walked out regretfully—Miss Hastel’s apartment was cool and lacking humidity, probably thanks to magic. What he wouldn’t have paid for air conditioning at home. Siri paused by the door.
“Miss Hastel, when are you expecting your child?”
