6.05 D
Page 8
The Centauress’ eyes lit up. She paused by the door and Daly stood back and watched as Rital made faces, trying to get him and Siri to laugh. That was, until a hoof shot backwards and nearly hit him in the groin.
“Any day now. I have the best [Midwife] on call.”
“It’s your first birth?”
“My very first. But I’m not worried. Rital will be there—outside, naturally, where he can’t cause trouble. And my [Midwife] is the best in the city. A Centaur, of course. After the birth, I’d welcome visitors.”
“We’ll be sure to be there. I’m sure everyone from the company will want to come over—”
Daly cleared his throat.
“Some of us will certainly stop by. Good day, Miss Hastel.”
He dragged Siri backwards. The Centauress bade them farewell and Rital waved at them before the door closed. The two Humans stood on the doorstep. They very clearly heard Miss Hastel’s voice for a second.
“What have I told you about being rude to—”
“Aw, come on. They liked it. Humans love—”
The Humans in question backed away. They walked a bit away from the apartment, then Daly looked at Siri, a bit vexed. He crossed his arms.
“You know we’ll have to give gifts to the baby.”
Siri was unabashed.
“We’d have to do that anyways. Ken would insist on it. I didn’t know [Midwife] was a class.”
Daly grunted, imaging the cost of a present for Miss Hastel’s baby.
“It’s a variant of [Healer]. Anyways, you got your fill?”
“I did.”
Siri smiled, a bit wistfully. She glanced back towards the door. Paying Miss Hastel hadn’t been what she’d come here to do. She’d only come to see Rital.
It wasn’t that she was interested in Rital in any kind of romantic way. If she was, Daly would have stopped Siri from jeopardizing their relationship with their landlady at all costs. No, it was just that Siri loved seeing a full-sized Cat from the Cat-tribe of the Beastkin. Rital was the only Cat Beastkin in the city. Beastkin were rare, even on their home continent of Baleros. And Siri loved cats. And Rital was more cat than even regular cats. Then Siri frowned.
“I don’t know how Hastel gets along with Rital. He’s the exact opposite of what most Centaurs are like. I’d expect him to be a Lizardfolk’s partner, but not her.”
Daly shrugged. He led the way down the street.
“All sorts of weird couples find love. You know that.”
“But how did he get her—”
“He didn’t. She was in a relationship and the stallion—male Centaur—ran off.”
“Oh. And Rital stuck with her?”
“Apparently they were already close friends. I guess they got closer. Some cats are loyal like that.”
“They are.”
Siri glanced wistfully back at the house. Daly sighed.
“Please don’t try and scratch his ears or something. Because I think Miss Hastel’d kick us all out if you did.”
“I would never. But that doesn’t mean I can’t look.”
Siri glared at Daly. Then she signed.
“I’m going back to the apartments. You’re going to the Adventurer’s Guild?”
“I’ll only take a request if it pays really well.”
“I’ll hold you to it. Later.”
Siri trotted back down the street. Daly watched her go. Then he looked around. Lizardfolk, Centaurs, a scowling Dullahan—he was alone. And for some reason, that felt fitting.
Daly walked forwards and melded with the crowd. He stood out. He was an oddity, a Human, one of the rarer species on Baleros. But he wasn’t a foreigner, or a tourist. In some ways, after several months here, he’d gotten to know Baleros.
