6.05 D
Page 10
Two sticks worth of sugar put the pep in Daly’s step. He double-timed it to the Guild and found it was abuzz with activity. Adventurers were pouring out the doors and half of them were armed. It looked like the Lizardgirl was telling the truth. One of the teams fighting to be out first was arguing with another group.
“We have first rights! If the coach comes, we requested it. Stand down!”
A Dullahan in iron armor swung a fist and an angry Lizardman backed up. Daly recognized her as she whirled. Her small team was keeping everyone else back. She eyed him and then blinked.
“Ah. Captain Daly. Are you going after this new dungeon?”
Daly looked at the Dullahans. They were the ones from last night. He paused.
“The Rustless Guard, right? Captain Eldima?”
She nodded.
“Our team just heard about it. I don’t know if you’ve heard the news?”
“New dungeon? Popped outta nowhere?”
He didn’t even have to know the details to guess. Baleros, like all the continents in this world was ancient. Dungeons long buried often appeared as geography changed naturally or artificially. Edima nodded.
“The rainfall cleared an entrance. It’s three miles south of here. Very close. We intend to inspect it first. And your team?”
Daly eyed the Dullahan, thought about the odds of taking on an unknown lair faster than the other teams—if they could even get there before the others, that was—and shook his head.
“My team deserves a rest. It’s all yours, and the best of luck to you if you can get there first.”
The Dullahans relaxed. Eldima offered Daly a rare smile.
“We will take that luck. We are ready to go and only await—here it is.”
Daly heard clattering hooves. Shod. A pair of Centaurs raced down the street, and then another pair. Both were pulling carriages. They stopped and the Rustless Guard poured into the carriages. The other adventuring teams roared and some raced down the street, looking for another carriage. Daly waved up to Edima as she scrambled into the coach last of all.
“Fame and fortune to you.”
Eldima turned her head and nodded down to him.
“It surely awaits.”
And then they were gone.
“Huh. I wonder if they’ll find anything.”
It was a tossup, really. A new dungeon could hold nothing, having already been plundered in ages past, a massive fortune, or have simply become the lair of some monster. But it was exciting. On another day Daly would have cursed not having heard about the dungeon ahead of time. Today? He was relieved for the excuse not to visit it.
The Adventurer’s Guild was practically empty as Daly strode in. All the teams were converging on the dungeon, and wouldn’t it be a right mess when they got there? The desk was staffed by a Dullahan, or rather, her head. Her body was hard at work mopping the floor.
“Any contracts worth looking at?”
Daly addressed the head. The [Receptionist] paused.
“Nothing I can think of. The dungeon’s the rage, but every Silver-rank team and Gold-rank team’s headed for it. You can check the board, if you’d like.”
“Will do. Thanks.”
Daly checked the board. He spotted a few contracts—taking out some large rodents annoying one of the [Farmers], hunting down some birds for a [Fletcher], a lucrative job escorting a trading ship—nothing that the Bushrangers were interested in.
“A day off it is.”
