6.05 D
Page 2
He saw a curtain drawn across half the room. The two other guys were on the other side, not bothering to change clothes from last night. Daly shrugged. He pointed at the tub.
“We’ve got some toothpaste.”
The others looked up. Dawson slapped his forehead in disgust.
“Fuck. I knew I forgot something! It’s been days since I brushed my teeth. Give it here!”
He fished for his belt pouch as Daly set the toothpaste tub on a table instead. He had a toothbrush in his pack as opposed to his belt pouch, and he had to wait for the girls to dress before he could retrieve it. Then he and the others gathered around the toothpaste, filled their brushes—half modern plastic, the other half wood, made of some stubbly brush—and began to brush their teeth.
It was odd. But there was something so satisfying about an activity as mundane as brushing their teeth. Especially because this toothpaste tasted halfway like something you could buy at home. Nothing Daly would have bought if he had an option—the bits of mint that had been crushed and mixed in with the gel did little to counteract the salty, astringent flavor—but it felt like proper toothpaste. Daly fished out a canteen, gargled, and then realized he had to spit.
So did the other Bushrangers. They fought silently to be the first to the loo—in this case, a smelly pair of toilets located at the back of the apartment. There they spat into it, holding their breath and washing their mouths out.
“That’s good toothpaste! My mouth actually feels fresh.”
Siri exclaimed after they’d returned to the room. Daly nodded, running his tongue over his gums. He hoped they wouldn’t start bleeding. The last thing he needed was to lose a tooth or get a cavity in this world.
“And that toilet’s disgusting. Did you smell that? I’d almost rather go in the bush.”
Another girl complained. Daly grimaced. It was true. The toilet wasn’t one of the fancy, flushing toilets he’d taken for granted back at home. It was an outhouse design—that meant wood panel with a hole you could do your business through. And what was uh, excreted didn’t go anywhere. It sat at the bottom of a combined container for both apartments.
“It needs emptying.”
“Not it.”
Half of the Bushrangers instantly touched their noses. Daly didn’t.
“It’s not our job. We pay someone to take it out. [Nightman], the class is called. They take the stuff, use it in the fields.”
“Not [Nightwoman]?”
“You want the job, Siri? Because I hear it pays well. It’s a shite job, though.”
“Hah.”
Siri punched Dawson. The others groaned, imagining that line of work. They’d all had to work hard—well, Siri and Tofte had joined them after the Bushrangers had been formed—but there were some lines they weren’t willing to cross. Daly grimaced.
“It’s what people did for ages in the past. I guess no one’s invented sewers?”
“Oh, they have mate. I was talking with a Lizardguy the other day. He says there are sewers in some cities. Lots of ‘em in other continents like Izril and Terandria, apparently. But they don’t bother with them here.”
“Probably because something’d breed in them if they did. Imagine taking a job there?”
Daly could, all too well. He shook his head.
“You’re putting me off my food, you lot are. Let’s have brekky and then get to work.”
“Another job?”
His team looked at him, not so much with resistance as a kind of weariness. Daly felt it himself. They’d just been on the job. But if there was more money to be made—they could always use it.
“If we see a good contract. I’ll head down to the guild myself. You lot take the day off until then.”
“Right.”
