6.05 D
Page 17
Dawson looked over, and his face lit up with delight.
“You’re a kiwi?”
“New Zealand. Yeah.”
“Ayyy! How’d you lot survive out here? I don’t see a herd of sheep—”
Siri punched Dawson gently in the shoulder. But Blake was laughing. He turned and looked back up towards the village walls. Daly could sense they were still being watched.
“Those your friends watching us? You mind waving to tell them we’re friendly? The last thing we want is an arrow through the throat.”
“They don’t have weapons. We were going to run if you got closer. Hey! It’s fine!”
Blake turned and waved his hands. He began walked back up the hill and then turned.
“You’ll stay here?”
“Right here. Go on.”
The Bushrangers settled back, as Dawson complained to Siri.
“Aw, come on. It’s great! We just take the piss—”
“Maybe don’t make that the first thing you do?”
The two began arguing over the right timing to tell jokes and be serious while Daly tried to relax. They had time—it took nearly ten minutes for Blake to come back. When he did it was by himself. The others came over the walls very gingerly, and gave Daly the impression they were ready to bolt. Like Blake, they wore colorful clothing that no [Tailor] of this world could have come up with. Even the dyes of Baleros couldn’t quite match the artificial colors of Earth.
“It’s safe! See? They’re Australian. Australian.”
“I’m Swedish.”
Siri raised a hand. The words seemed to reassure the others. They gingerly followed Blake down the hill, staring at the Centaurs with clear fear. There was one more guy, and two girls, all of them younger than Blake. They stared at the Bushrangers, reluctant to go further, but Blake waved them on, shouting a word that Daly didn’t know.
“Is that Italian?”
Siri looked up curiously. Blake turned and nodded. He walked back and ushered the three forwards once more. He turned and spoke to the Australians and Swedish girl.
“They’re Italian. They were on a tour or something—only one of them can speak English well—and they just appeared here. This is Lorenzo, Diana, and Nicoletta—”
“Nicola.”
The last girl introduced herself. She was around Blake’s age, possibly not even twenty yet. No—definitely around nineteen, the both of them. Daly hesitated. Now what was the best move?
Siri made it for him. She reached out and offered a hand.
“Salve. My name is Nicola. I’m from Italy. You’re—from Earth?”
She spoke in halting English, partially fragmented. Lorenzo and Diana watched her, and Daly saw their eyes flickering from him to Dawson.
They didn’t understand English. Well, no wonder they’d had a terrible time of it. Daly hesitated, then he offered his hand. Lorenzo was the first to shake it. The Italians shook hands and repeated the same question, even if it was condensed to one word.
“Earth? Earth?”
And Daly nodded. He repeated himself.
“Earth. Australians. Friends.”
The relief in their eyes was palpable. Daly looked at Blake. The New Zealander was eying him, and then the Centaurs.
“Are those—”
“Centaurs. Yeah. They’re pulling our wagon. We should pile in—this place isn’t entirely safe.”
“It’s not. There were these little spiders in one of the houses—wait, you said go with them? In the wagon?”
Blake looked uncertain. Nicola, who was whispering to the others, translated, and they drew back. Daly hesitated.
“They’re friendly. They’re Centaurs. You know—”
He had no idea how common Centaurs were in Italian folklore, but popular culture was popular culture. That didn’t seem to be the problem though. Nicola shuddered and backed up. Blake hesitated.
“We met Centaurs that—is that why you’re armed?”
