6.05 D
Page 4
“If there’s nothing really good…”
Paige nodded. Siri looked up.
“Anything you need us to do if while we’re here?”
She looked at Kirana and the others. Kirana shook her head.
“It’s your day off. Enjoy yourselves.”
That just made it harder for Daly to commit to taking a request. He sighed. But they had a point and the idea was tempting. If he saw something really good at the Adventurer’s Guild…
“Right. I’ll nip down there, but you all take a break. Which reminds me—here.”
He fished at his belt pouch and handed around some of the money he’d kept. Two silver coins to each. The Bushrangers brightened.
“Spending money? We must be doing well.”
“Don’t spread it. But you’ve earned a break.”
Daly met Paige’s eyes questioningly, and she nodded. Some of the other Indian girls looked jealous. Money had been the subject of a lot of arguments in the company, until it was decided that everyone could take a few coins from their job—the rest would go to Paige so she could spent it on necessities and what the company deemed vital. Again though, the Bushrangers were an exception to that rule in some regards.
“I’m off, then. Paige about the crossbows—”
“I’ll get the steel I ordered in a few days. But it won’t be ready for trials for a week.”
Daly grimaced.
“Alright, then. We’ve got poison, still. And it’s damn effective. Killed the Stelbore right off. I’ll see you in a bit.”
“I’ll join you in visiting Miss Hastel.”
Siri offered. Daly nodded. The two of them strode out of the apartments as the other four Bushrangers broke up.
“What’ll Dawson and the others do for the day, do you think?”
Daly looked at Siri as he opened the door and the humidity and sun swept over him. He blinked as he saw several Lizardfolk walking down the street, a Dullahan, and then a Centaur trotting by, pulling a cart. This was home, alright. Siri shrugged. Walking down the long steps, designed to let a Centaur climb them, she looked around the city.
“Probably use the computers, if Paige lets them. Otherwise? Books. Maybe go out and buy something, get a few drinks. Check the markets. We could really use some magical artifacts, you know.”
“I know. But affording even potions is all we can do.”
Daly sighed. He walked into Talenqual, and looked around. The buildings stretched out ahead of them. Few were more than three stories tall, if that. Most were made of either wood or the mud brick the Lizardfolk loved to use. For all that, the city felt vibrant. Alive. A few larger structures near the center of the city stood out, having been made of quarried stone or even reinforced with magic. Beyond the city lay the sea, a glittering sight, filled with boats from the harbor. And in Talenqual walked the citizens of Baleros.
Dullahans in armor. Wood or metal, often decorated or inlaid with fancy decorations if they were rich civilians, or functional iron or steel if they were warriors. Poor Dullahans wore crude, painted wood, but all of them were unmistakably Dullahan—some carried their heads in baskets or slings, allowing them to rotate them in every direction while their bodies walked. Colorful mist, or fog ran from the place where their heads should have been.
