6.05 D
Page 13
“You’ve barely seen the rainy season. You want monsoons? We’ve got monsoons this far south.”
“Miserable weather. Hate it. I can barely walk and there’s mud everywhere. Worst time to work. You might break a foreleg.”
“The only species who love this weather are Lizardfolk. The freaks love dancing about in the rain.”
They groused happily to Daly and the others about the weather. The male Centaur, whose name was Bault, pointed at the sky.
“Don’t worry about rain today. You think we don’t check the weather on long runs? Our climate mages aren’t perfect, but they usually know what’s happening. Unless a company decides to mess with the weather or start burning something.”
“That happen often?”
“The smoke interferes with the clouds. Sometimes it can change what’s predicted. Otherwise—well, there’s no perfect spell for detecting the weather. Some Skills can tell when it’s about to change, but not predict, right? I suppose a [Diviner] could do better, but we don’t have one.”
“Gotcha.”
The female Centaur, Pihava, glanced at Daly.
“So you’re the Bushrangers. I heard you were all [Rogues]. Practically invisible on the job.”
Daly smiled. They were well-known! Maybe it wasn’t just them being Humans.
“I wish. We’re just good at hiding. The idiot in the back’s Dawson, and that’s Siri.”
“Charmed.”
“Our idiot leader’s Daly. Hey, that village we’re headed to was attacked by Spear Spiders, right? What the hell’s a Spear Spider?”
Pihava shrugged. It was quite convenient for her to be able to run and turn sideways to talk. Although she kept looking forward to check the road.
“They’re one breed of Baleros’ resident spiders. There are all types. You’ve heard of Shield Spiders? No? Well, I’d prefer those, honestly. Spearwalker Spiders are tall. Some can grow up to twelve feet high—”
“Siri?”
“Three and a half meters.”
“Fuck. You serious?”
“All legs. They’re tall ones. You know those spiders that have small bodies but really tall legs? That’s a Spear Spider. Only, their legs can impale people. And they have this trick they use to modulate how long their legs are. They’re fast, dangerous—”
“But fragile. I hear adventurers just blast them in the bodies with magic or swing a warhammer and take them apart.”
Bault looked back at Daly. The young man looked at his crossbow.
“Think they’re immune to poison? Because we don’t go for heavy armored foes. We’re skirmishers.”
“Tell you what. If we run into them—and they should be gone, or I’m kicking every head in at the Runner’s Guild—I’ll let you shoot as many crossbow bolts to find out as you want.”
Daly grinned.
“Fair. Say, how many close calls have you had on the road?”
“Well, Pihava’s new, so personally—”
The conversation went on for about twenty minutes, and then lapsed into silence. Daly sat in the back of the wagon and closed his eyes. He could still use a rest. Or rather, his mind told his body to grab the break while it could. It was comfortable in the back of the wagon, and the air cooled him down as it blew past his head. Daly closed his eyes.
Were they really from Earth? If they were…
He drifted off like that. It felt like only a minute before Siri was shaking him. Daly jerked, but remembered enough not to grab at his axe. He sat up and saw they’d arrived.
The village that had been abandoned still bore marks of battle. Brick houses partially caved in, roofs with holes in them—possibly from the Spear Spider legs. Some had been torched, perhaps to ward the monsters off, or maybe by accidental fire. But the rest were intact.
