6.05 D
Page 16
Triumphantly, Dawson pressed the button. Instantly, a song blared from the speakers. Quietly at first and then with increasing volume as Dawson adjusted the speaker’s volume to max. The song was iconic—at least, to Daly. Siri frowned for a moment before recognizing it.
The two Centaurs looked up in surprise as the first drums, and then a flute began playing. The background buzz of the insects in the jungle grew silent for a moment as a bass began to echo up the hill.
Daly groaned. He shot Dawson a look. The Australian patriot grinned. Daly didn’t even need to hear the lyrics. He knew them practically by heart.
Down Under, by Men at Work. There was some logic to it—if there was one song a foreigner might associate with Australia, it was probably that one. And it was unmistakably from Earth. Still, Dawson had such a big shit-eating grin on his face that Daly wanted to smack the smartphone out of his hands.
But it worked. No sooner had the song ended than Daly saw movement at the top of the hill. Someone peeked over the walls. Daly waited, holding his breath. Then he saw a figure descend the hill.
“Crossbows down.”
The three Bushrangers dropped their weapons and slowly walked up the hill. Dawson began playing Great Southern Land until Daly smacked him on the shoulder.
The person descending the slope was a young man, dressed in a tight-fitting sports shirt with a logo on the breast. The shirt was dirty, as were the sports pants he wore. He looked thin. Worn at. But his eyes were fixed on Dawson’s iPhone. He opened his mouth, hesitated, and then raised a hand.
“You’re really from Earth?”
Daly halted a few feet away. The young man’s accent was familiar. He couldn’t be…? The Australian gave him a smile.
“That’s right. We’re from Australia. We heard there were people here that might be from Earth. We came to check it out. We want to help.”
“Help? How?”
Siri jumped in.
“We’ve got an apartment in a city near here. We’ve got food, money—we’re a company.”
“Food and money? You mean, you live here? You can live here?”
The other Earthworlder looked stunned, confused. Daly’s heart skipped a beat.
“That’s right. We’ve got jobs. We’ve banded together, all of us from Earth that we could find. Are you—how’ve you survived?”
“We—we’ve been scavenging. Eating what we could forage. Hiding from—everything. We thought you were bandits like the last—”
The stranger shuddered. He looked at Daly. And then part of him seemed to unwind.
“Can we go with you?”
Daly smiled.
“We wouldn’t be here otherwise, mate. Come on. Tell your friends to come out. We’ll get you back to civilization.”
“Oh my god. Oh my god.”
The young man fell to his knees. At first Daly thought it was an overreaction. Until he saw the tears. The young man shuddered, and he looked up at them like—like—
Dawson turned away. Daly knelt at the same time as Siri. They helped the stranger up.
“Easy. What’s your name?”
“Blake. I’m Blake. We’ve been starving up there. And when the lizard-things appeared last night, we thought—this isn’t a dream, right?”
A grimy hand clutched at Daly’s arm. He nodded.
“It’s not.”
That was enough. Blake took a shuddering breath. He slowly rose. Daly held him until he was sure he was steady. He was thin. The sports shirt didn’t fit him that well.
“Where’re you from, Blake?”
Blake started. He looked up. Then he suddenly grinned. Daly thought he knew why. Blake wiped at his eyes, and then grimaced. Or tried to. He looked at Daly and Dawson. And then he coughed.
“Well, goddamnit, it had to be a bunch of aussies, didn’t it? Of course you lot’d survive over here”
