6.05 D
Page 25
“If you meet them, or if we run across them, it’d be good to know. We can’t take people like that into the company—”
Blake uttered a strangled laugh.
“No fear of that. Like I said, after that day—there were four of us. We ran. I don’t know what the hell those others were—they were like monsters. They didn’t look as if they’d been here for just a day. Completely psycho. And they had Centaurs with them. They were [Bandits], I guess.”
“How many Centaurs?”
“Just two. They were really young.”
“Outcasts. Centaurs expel troublemakers. Most die, or form into groups like that.”
“I guess they do. But they didn’t follow us. So we ran. Eventually we got to this—this village. Headed straight down a road, and found them. They were—Dullahans.”
“Really?”
Daly frowned. Then why were they alone? His hand twitched. Blake nodded. He was caught up in his story.
“They scared us so bad. We were running, and then this head hidden in a tree trunk spoke to us and the bodies appeared out of nowhere. We thought we were dead. But they saw the blood and cleaned us up and even healed us. And when we told them what had happened.”
His voice broke. Daly waited, hearing Blake gulp.
“They were appalled. You know? Just horrified. They patched us up and their head person—their [Village Leader]—told me that justice would be served. The next day a group of them in armor set out. They came back four days later with the heads of everyone in the bandit group.”
“That’s how Dullahans do it. They take heads. On Dullahans it works. They take the heads and the bodies try to get to them. Or die.”
Blake uttered what sounded like a prayer in the darkness.
“Yeah, well, these were Humans. And the Centaurs. The Dullahans told us justice was done. Two days after that they kicked us out when they realized we couldn’t do anything. Herded us out and told us they’d cut off our heads if we came back without money to pay for lodging.”
He looked up. Daly paused. Then he nodded.
“That’s Dullahans for you. I don’t want to say it, but you got lucky. Not that lucky—Lizardfolk would have been nicer. But you could have run into Centaurs. They might’ve killed you then and there if they thought you were lying, or just left you to die.”
“Really?”
The tone in Blake’s voice was flat. Daly nodded. He pointed up.
“You know Kirana? Priya? The Indian girls who help keep the place running? They were the last group we found. Just girls. I think they were this group we met the first night we were here. But—the rest of them were dead. They took to stealing. Got caught in a Centaur town. Guess what they did?”
Blake didn’t say a word. He didn’t need to. Daly nodded.
“You know why Kirana and the other girls survived? Centaurs don’t kill women unless it’s in a battle. Even bandits.”
“Does that make them better than Dullahans?”
“I think they can be right bastards. Some of them. But that’s their way. They think females shouldn’t be treated like men. Or they respect the only gender that can give birth. They revere mothers and are really protective of children. Especially because childbirth’s trickier for them. That’s how Ken sees it.”
“Ken. You speak about him like he’s your leader. Him and—Geneva?”
“And Luan. They pulled us out of the fire. We were in a company. Mercenaries. We would have all been slaughtered in this war—but Ken helped stop the fighting. So yeah, I look up to him. All of us do. Him and Geneva and Luan—they keep us together. Because they’ve got actual talent. Ken’s a diplomat. Luan’s an actual athlete. And Geneva…”
The two sat in silence for a while. Blake looked up at last.
