6.05 D
Page 15
“No, Siri’s right. We scare them and they’ll run. Someone’s already made them afraid—even of folks from home. We need to coax them to come out. We’ve gotta do this Ken-style. Hold on. Give me a moment to think.”
The other two waited as Daly paced back and forth, looking up at the village. Dawson groaned.
“Ken-style? First you said earth-style, now this. You’re a good leader, but you’re shit with words, Daly.”
“Shut up. Let me try again.”
Daly climbed up the hill. He was greeted by a flurry of stones.
“Go away!”
“We just want to talk! Can I talk to one of you? I said we’re from Earth! We’re like you lot! We want to help!”
“Get lost! We see your crossbow!”
Fuck. It had been a bad idea to take it after all. Daly paused.
“I’ll leave my weapons behind! Look, just say if you’re from Earth or not! Are you Americans? Can you tell me what a iPhone is?”
Hesitation. And then dead silence. The stones stopped flying, but Daly wasn’t about to get anywhere closer and risk them panicking. He walked down the hill, back to the others.
“Why won’t they say if they’re from Earth?”
“Afraid. Fucking hell. What did the other group do to them?”
“Maybe they were attacked.”
There was a dark look in Siri’s eye. Daly and Dawson looked at her. She and Tofte had shown up on their doorstep a while back, and never told the whole story of how they’d survived until now. But they’d arrived with combat classes and experience in fighting. Geneva had diagnosed Siri and Tofte with a traumatic event in the recent past. But since they could still fight and function, Daly had recruited them into the Bushrangers.
Daly paced back and forth for a while, trying to figure out what to do next. What would Ken do? It was a serious question. Without Ken’s primer into how to interact with Baleros’ races, Daly often would have been lost. And it was his philosophy, as well as Geneva’s that had shaped how the United Nations company worked. Daly frowned, bit his lip, and then he had it.
“Well—what if we lure them out?”
“With what, nali-sticks?”
“No. Hey Dawson, did you at least bring your iPhone and the speaker?”
Dawson patted his belt. He was wearing the iconic adventurer’s belt, complete with pouches stuffed full of an adventurer’s gear.
“Never leave without it. Why?”
“I want you to set it up. Turn those speakers up to max blast. It’d better be charged.”
“It is! I haven’t wasted the battery. Not since last time.”
Dawson grimaced. He fished out a tangled mess of cord, and then a portable speaker. And then his iPhone. Daly had lost his. Or it had been stolen, back when he’d been in Gravetender’s Fist. Dawson frowned at Daly.
“You want to scare them with the distraction audio?”
Three of the Bushrangers were armed with smart phones as part of their gear. They had a recording to go with the portable speakers they carried. Using it would set off a timed cacophony to distract a monster or person. Daly shook his head.
“No way. Just play them a song.”
“A song?”
Confusion flashed across Dawson’s face for just a second. Siri blinked, and then smiled. She nodded. Dawson’s eyes lit up as well after a second. He lifted the speaker, turned it on, and then aimed it at the village. He thumbed through the music, and Daly waited impatiently.
“Come on. It just has to be something they recognize.”
“Don’t rush me. There’s a right song for every moment, Daly. I just have to—here it is!”
