6.05 D
Page 19
“We think they were from Venezuela. I think that’s what they were saying. But they were speaking Spanish and none of us…”
The initial confusion of what had happened led to an immediate need to get their bearing. To survive. And at first, they’d managed it. A pocket lighter, meant for cigarettes, some branches—they’d even gone back to the pool and collected some water to boil. They’d gotten that far. But after that—
“The first night they got us.”
That was all Blake said. He turned dead white and couldn’t go on. Neither could Nicola. Daly didn’t press them.
Something had happened. After that, the four survivors had fled. They’d hidden from civilization, foraged, kept away from the roads and all species they’d encountered, and eventually ended up at the village. That’s where they’d stayed until Daly and the others had found them.
“How long was it?”
“Three weeks?”
Daly exchanged a glance with Dawson and Siri. Three weeks? Blake wasn’t sure, but even if he was off by a few days, the timing didn’t match up with anyone else. Were people still coming over from Earth? It was a question for later, though. Because Blake and the others had thousands of their own.
“This is another world, isn’t it?”
“Yep.”
“And those are—”
“Centaurs, mate. Centaurs. They live on this continent. We’re on Baleros. It’s inhabited by Centaurs, Lizardfolk, Dullahans…”
Blake stared at Daly as if the Australian were mad. Daly had to admit it was a far-fetched tale. But the only way he could put it was like that.
“This is a fantasy world, Blake. Right out of a story. There’s magic and shit and monsters too.”
“Magic? Now you’re kidding me—”
Siri had to cast a [Light] spell to show them. When she did that. Lorenzo nearly scrambled out of the wagon. Daly gave them the quick rundown, pausing to let Nicola translate—or try.
“Everyone here speaks English. Just English. I don’t know why, but it’s universal.”
“That’s not right.”
Blake frowned. Daly shrugged. It was convenient—until you remembered that Ken, and Kirana and everyone else who came from a country that didn’t have English as a native language was screwed. It was probably why they’d found so few people who didn’t speak English alive.
“We’ll give you the full story later. The important thing to remember is that you’re safe. We call ourselves the United Nations company. To let everyone know we’re from Earth. And there are more of us. You’ll get food and we’ll give you a checkup back at base.”
“Safety.”
Blake breathed the words. Dawson grinned.
“What, you think we’d abandon someone from Earth? We’ve got you. Aussies and kiwis got to stick together, right?”
“Your countries are right next to each other, right?”
Siri looked at Daly for confirmation. He nodded.
“We’re close by. But totally different. You know, Australia and New Zealand have different cultures so we make fun of each other. We have different words, different accents—”
“Ours are better.”
Blake grinned faintly as the two gently ribbed him. Siri looked between the three.
“You both sound pretty much the same to me.”
Daly, Dawson, and Blake all glared at Siri. She shrugged completely unapologetically. She looked over at Nicola.
“More food?”
The girl nodded. Siri fished out a nali-stick and showed them how to eat it. Blake sat back as she offered him a piece. He chewed and his eyes opened wide.
“Sweet!”
“It’s sugarcane. Or something like it.”
“God, I’m so hungry. And this is so—”
Blake started choking up. Dawson looked the other way, but Daly grabbed Blake’s shoulder.
“Don’t worry. Just relax.”
