6.05 D
Page 20
The younger man nodded. It was at this point that Bault looked backwards. He cleared his throat and Daly looked up.
“Sorry, we can’t help but overhear some of that. Are these Humans—friends?”
Daly looked up. He cursed as he realized the Centaurs had probably heard the stuff about this being another world. Or not—they’d been talking quietly up till now. Either way, he could only roll with it.
“That’s right. They’re from the same place. Civilians. Not warriors. They landed in the jungle. Blake here landed knee-deep in a pool with a piranha and leeches or something.”
“That’s awful.”
Pihava looked over her shoulder and gave Blake a sympathetic glance. He tensed up and then slowly waved a hand. The Centauress looked at Daly.
“Is that why your company put out a bounty for any strange Humans?”
Daly nodded.
“We don’t know what hit us. Teleportation spell, maybe. We’re looking for anyone else who’s out of place.”
The two Centaurs exchanged a long glance. Bault coughed.
“I didn’t know that. I just heard there was a bounty. Tell you what, if we hear of anything, we’ll bring news of it your way, okay? Free of charge.”
“And you can hire us. Ask by name. We know all the roads around here.”
Pihava tossed her head and gave them a nod. Daly smiled.
“That’s very kind of you. But if you could keep what you heard a secret, that’d do us even more of a favor.”
“Of course. But we will tell everyone at the Guild you’re looking. Dead gods, a teleportation spell? You should get the Adventurer’s Guild to put out an all-alert.”
Daly blinked.
“You think they would?”
“Of course! If there are Humans wandering around with no idea of the dangers—these ones are lucky to have survived this long! We’ll get you back to the city. Come on, Bault.”
The wagon noticeably picked up in speed. The Earthworlders stared at the Centaur’s backs. Lorenzo whispered something to Nicola. She spoke up.
“They’re nice? Not…monsters?”
Both Centaurs stiffened. Daly bit his tongue. Pihava looked back with a glare that made Nicola flinch.
“We’re not monsters.”
Daly held up a hand and waved it.
“They’ve never seen Centaurs before, mates. Not Lizardfolk or Dullahans either. Just Humans. They’re far from home.”
“Terandrians.”
Bault snorted. But the Centaurs relaxed ever-so-slightly. And they kept moving, fast enough to be back in Talenqual much faster than they’d spent going. They made their way through the gates as the Bushrangers did their best to keep the other Earthworlders from freaking out at the sight of all the Lizardfolk, Dullahans, and Centaurs. It seemed the Centaurs bothered them the most—the Dullahans made them nervous, but not in the same way. The Lizardfolk were just…strange.
“Here’s our stop. It’s not much, but it’s filled with people from Earth. Go on, Siri will lead you inside. Dawson? Do a runner and tell everyone what’s up.”
“You got it.”
Dawson and Siri hopped out. Daly jogged around the wagon as they helped Blake and the others to the ground. He looked up at the Centaurs, who were panting.
“You two did a fantastic job. I’ll say as much next time I’m in the Runner’s Guild. Here.”
He reached into his belt pouch and offered both Centaurs a gold coin. They eyed it appreciatively. It was a generous tip, but they’d run fast and far and Daly was paying for the insult and goodwill.
“It was nothing. Like we said, we’ll spread the word. Call on us.”
“Absolutely.”
