6.06 D
Page 23
The conversation passed back to the expedition’s results. Ken had a lot to say. He’d been more than just a mouthpiece to talk up the United Nations company. He’d observed, listened, and gossiped with as many people as possible. And his conclusions were frank.
“Baleros is…dangerous. Of the other continents, it is one of the most dangerous. Chandrar and Baleros are considered to be roughly equal—although Chandrar is more dangerous because of the climate than war. But Chandrar has slaves and the King of Destruction that we heard about.”
“Oh yeah. I heard people muttering about him.”
“Yes, he is concerning. But Baleros is just as dangerous. We were unlucky to come here, but luckier in some respects. There is a continent—Rhir. It is very dangerous.”
“I heard there are Demons there.”
“Demons? As in actual…?”
“I think they are a type of monster, Daly. Not Demons like…yokai, Aiko, or anything else. But it is very deadly. On the other hand, Terandria and Izril are safer. There are Drakes, who are apparently very angry who fight with Humans and Gnolls on Izril. They hate Lizardfolk, but Humans live on the northern half of Izril.”
“And Terandria? I’ve heard it’s mostly Human.”
“Yes, it is safe…but it is farthest of the continents away from Baleros. All the continents are. Ship voyages are also dangerous and take a long time. We could hire a good ship and [Captain], but…”
“…Paying for all of us would be tough and we’d be starting from scratch, huh?”
“Exactly.”
“On the other hand, it’s something to consider. Okay, how about where we are?”
“Well, I think we chose a good city. You see, we are here—”
Ken paused the game to pull out a map of Baleros. They were on the lower southeastern coast, and Talenqual was connected via the trade roads to most of the other major cities in the area. He outlined a few zones north and to the west.
“There is fighting over there, but I think it is unlikely to come here. Talenqual is safe. And—this may be good or bad—but it is not controlled by a Great Company.”
Daly nodded. He frowned down at the map. They were just a dot. Baleros was massive, and to Geneva, it vaguely resembled the Americas, albeit with a few noticeable differences. There was no Panama Canal—the continent was a fairly solid chunk that had a large southern jungle and vaguely hammer-esque north half. She watched as Daly traced their route—barely more than an inch on the map.
“Hell, this place is big. Tell us about the Great Companies, Ken. They’re the big players around here, right?”
Ken nodded. He sat back as the card came took a nap and the others leaned in.
“Okay. There are Four Great Companies. You know of them right?”
Everyone sitting at the table nodded. How could you not? The Four Great Companies were the most powerful forces on the continent. More than nations, more than cities. Their reach was vast, and hundreds, possibly thousands of smaller companies had links to them.
“Well, I asked and each one is different in…temperament? Reputation, leadership—they are all distinct. As you know, the Iron Vanguard is up north. They are mostly Dullahans.”
“A species company.”
Paige put in. That meant a company that represented a species’ interests as much as their own advancement. Ken nodded.
“But not all Dullahans. The Iron Vanguard is old and established in the north. The north is ah, cold. One of the only cold places in the world.”
“Pause. What do you mean ‘only’ cold places, Ken?”
The Australian girl frowned as she held out a hand. Ken pondered how to reply. Geneva stepped in for him.
