6.06 D
Page 28
“The company’s back? Oh good. Maybe someone will be hurt so you’ll stop complaining.”
Geneva ignored that. But a part of her, a cynical, dark part, hoped Okasha was right.
 
—-
 
The Gravetender’s Fist company was camped outside of Talenqual. Naturally a mercenary company couldn’t all enter a city. That was practically an invasion. And in fact, it was only because Gravetender’s Fist had a reputation for honesty that they were allowed near the city at all. That, and the fact that the reigning company who controlled the city, the Featherfolk Brigade, outnumbered them substantially.
Gravetender’s Fist was still a small company. But they were gaining respect. Not only did they have an experienced leader, Quallet Marshand, but every soldier was armed with a crossbow, which they usually fired before switching to other weapons. It was an interesting tactic, and refilling quarrels and selling crossbows had earned the United Nations company a tidy profit.
And Quallet’s company had strong ties to the United Nations company. Even if one wasn’t under control of the other and neither company owed the other anything, they had an agreement to support each other where possible. But none of that was really why Daly hurried towards the camp. He only stopped when he saw a distinctive Lizardgirl walking towards Talenqual with a slight catch to her stride.
Quexa looked a bit older than Daly remembered from his first encounter with her. But she was no less cheerful, and by now her peg leg barely slowed her.
“Daly! I knew we’d see you! I told Quallet we had to stop here, and he agreed! How are you? You look good! Are the Bushrangers doing well?”
“Quexa. It’s good to see you.”
The two stopped as they met just outside of Talenqual. Daly looked at Quexa, and then noticed she had company. Quallet, a Lizardman, and two officers that Daly vaguely recognized were accompanying the [Mercenary Captain] along with Quexa. She was his second-in-command. Quallet nodded at Daly as the Australian turned to greet him.
“Quallet. How’s business?”
“Good. We’re off-duty. We finished a patrolling job. Decided to stop by here.”
“I heard. Did you see any fighting?”
Quallet shook his head.
“Mostly quiet guard duty. But we did run into a [Necromancer]-led company on our route back this way. Brief battle—we both agreed to a ceasefire after we shot two volleys at him. Nearly broke his magic barrier.”
Daly smiled.
“Good to hear. Hey, I know Paige and Geneva are headed this way. I just—came along first.”
Quallet nodded. He glanced at Quexa then cleared this throat.
“We’ll head into the city. We’ve got business there. Quexa, find me later. I need to talk to Geneva.”
That got Daly’s attention.
“Anyone killed?”
“No. I’ve got two bad infections among my troops for Miss Geneva to look at. Human.”
He walked past Daly. Quexa fidgeted. The other officers followed Quallet, but the Lizardman stopped. He held out a claw.
“Hey, you’re the Human that Quexa had sex with! Hi! I’m Zalel!”
Daly choked. He hesitated, looked at Quexa who was blushing with embarrassment, and held out a hand and the Lizardman shook it energetically after a moment.
“Uh, nice to meet you.”
“Great to meet you too! I’d love to chat, but old Quallet’ll get mad. Quexa, I’ll catch you later! Hey, wait up!”
Zalel followed the others. Quexa stared daggers at his back until he was gone and then turned hurriedly to Daly.
“I didn’t have sex with him. He’s just an old friend. Just so you know.”
“I didn’t ask.”
Daly instinctively replied. Part of him wanted to say it was fine whatever Quexa did, but that would be a lie. He hesitated.
