6.06 D
Page 41
The old [Midwife] had regained some of the color in her face. More than the others in the room. She was tough. And she knelt to speak with Geneva. And the look in her eyes was an echo of the look Geneva had seen.
“My name is Caleffe Umbalt. I am honored, Miss Scala. Truly.”
“I—”
Geneva coughed. Her throat was dry. Someone handed her a water flask. She drank, coughed, nearly choked. Caleffe waited for her to speak.
“I—was just doing my job.”
“Then it is a job no one else could do. You saved her when I thought no one else could. I have heard of the Last Light. But I did not give the stories credence. Until now.”
“I’m not her. I’m just a person. I can’t work miracles.”
“So you say.”
That was all Caleffe said. She looked over her shoulder.
“What was that? I have heard of…cuttings been done. I thought you were going to kill the child. Remove it—that was how a Centauress was saved once. But never have I heard of someone cutting into her belly and removing…I would trust no one with that task. Not even the highest-level [Butcher] or [Blademaster].”
“Never them. I’m a [Doctor]. That was Caesarian Section. The first I’ve ever done. It’s something used if a birth can’t be done traditionally. Only a [Doctor] can do it.”
“I see. Then fate truly was kind.”
“My child?”
Geneva’s head turned. Miss Hastel’s head was raised. She was looking around. And Geneva saw a limp, wet shape. Clearly unhappy with being alive, struggling to get up. The [Midwives] rushed over. Caleffe stayed put.
“I can only thank you. From the bottom of my heart. Geneva Scala, you have saved their lives.”
She looked at Miss Hastel and the child. Geneva shook her head.
“It was an emergency. I did what I could. But I don’t want to ever do that again.”
A blind Caesarian section on another species without anesthesia or assistants or…Geneva wondered if something this nightmarish had ever happened. No, surely there had been worse cases. She heard a strangled laugh to her left.
Paige was sitting on the floor. Her legs had given way after she’d put the blood transfusion equipment down. She looked at Geneva, face pale, but laughing.
“What’s so funny?”
The Australian girl shook her head.
“Did you hear what you said, Geneva? Only a [Doctor] can do it.”
Geneva’s slow mind took a moment to react. She could hear Okasha whispering in her head.
“Thank goodness, thank goodness. A child!”
And then Geneva’s brain processed what Paige was saying.
“Oh. Oh.”
Caleffe nodded. She looked again at Miss Hastel.
“I know of many women who would prefer to know there was another way, a backup. Especially for Centaurs. The fear of it—”
“No scarring or stretching, right?”
Paige giggled, a touch hysterically with relief. Caleffe looked at her with great interest.
“Really?”
“Caesarian sections should only be performed if necessary. There is still a risk, and the operation is traumatizing.”
Geneva said that automatically. But her mind was racing. A potion could heal the trauma in moments. Miss Hastel was even able to stand, though the [Midwives] were urging her to rest, and Rital was trying to support her—a somewhat futile endeavor. But she was standing, and she looked—
Another cry made Geneva’s head turn. She nearly dropped her scalpel. The foal was standing. He—it was a he, Geneva had barely noticed—was a tiny thing. A baby and a horse, mixed into one. But there was something entirely Human about the way he struggled to his feet, instinctively going towards his mother, who couldn’t be stopped from going to him.
