6.06 D
Page 17
“Watch your step! And don’t get judgmental! I have needs too! Look, if you’d just consider—what about him?”
“What about him?”
“Well?”
“No.”
“But come on! I’m sure he’d be interested. Let me do the talking, though. Unless he likes stone-faced [Doctors] with no sense of humor.”
“Daly laughed at my jokes.”
“He was humoring you. Although he’s a good option—uh, unless he’s still moping about Quexa. I should have told him Lizardfolk don’t do long-term relationships when they’re younger. Hey, you think he and Paige are—”
“No.”
“Okay, what about him? Come on, I know you like him.”
“No.”
“Geneva, that’s an objectively sexy body. Look at it!”
“I’m not dating a Centaur, Okasha.”
“Who said anything about dating?”
Geneva shut up. The problem with arguing with a Selphid in your body was that they could tell when you were lying, and what you were feeling. The heart palpitations, sweat…Okasha admitted it was new to her to have a living body doing these things, but she was good at monitoring a body and she gloated now.
“You and I have the same taste, which is good taste. Admit it! Come on, Geneva. Just one night? Or we can take it slow. I bet you we can get an empty room for a moment in the apartments. Or, hell, I’ll settle for a tree in the jungle, although if there are bugs—”
“Will you be quiet!?”
“But I’m restless. Geneva! Do you know how quickly nerve endings wear out in a dead body? There’s a reason we call it ‘fresh body fun’, you know.”
“Not in my body. Not now, thank you.”
“Wait, does that mean later—”
Geneva groaned. This was going to be a problem. But Okasha was living with her. It was like having a roommate you couldn’t get rid of. Not without suffering full-body paralysis and your roommate being incredibly vulnerable to harm or diseases. That kind of relationship everyone had. She changed the subject abruptly.
“I’m going to talk with Daly and Paige tonight. See if I can do something…anything to help. At least I can tell them about the diseases and my progress there.”
She heard Okasha shudder.
“Horrible stuff. Okay, at least you’re perking up! See? Even talking about sex—”
“But until then, I want you to help me exercise, Okasha.”
Geneva heard Okasha whine.
“Again? But I did that yesterday!”
“And two days ago. It needs to happen at least three times a week, Okasha. Preferably more. You know it’ll be beneficial.”
“Yeah, but you’re not the one doing it. And it’s really tiring! Why do I have to do it?”
Geneva hesitated. This called for some delicate negotiations and Ken was nowhere in sight. She thought for a second, and then spoke quietly.
“If you do it, I’ll eat that awful stuff you like so much.”
She sensed Okasha growing excited.
“Xelca meat? You promise?”
Geneva grimaced. She hated xelca meat. But Okasha loved the stuff. Especially if it was fried up in lots of grease. Geneva liked pasta, but Okasha hated the stuff. To Geneva, it was home cooking and delicious if done right. But the Selphid didn’t like grainy foods. It was a sore point that often resulted in them eating pasta with xelca meat, which both could agree on.
“I promise. I’ll even ask Kirana to make some.”
“And buy it fresh!”
The young, Italian woman sighed, but with resignation.
“Deal.”
“Alright then! Here I go! You don’t mind if I do it now, do you? Keep walking—I’ll try not to make it affect your legs. Okay, how long per muscle? I know, I know—full body workout. And that core thing you keep talking about.”
“Thank you.”
