6.06 D
Page 12
“It’s a relief to have you back, Geneva. We’ll talk more when Ken’s free of everyone—we’ll have to pry him away, but I’m gonna grab us all after dinner for a chat. In the meantime, I’m sure you could use some rest. Do you need to take a nap? Kirana could make you a lunch—”
“I had something to eat, and her snacks. Thank you. I might walk about for a bit. But I’ll be back for dinner. Ah—Aiko’s pack is full of—”
“I put it in my workroom. We filled your space with bodies—the apartments are full to bursting at night. But you can take over my spot anytime. Just let me know.”
Paige reassured Geneva. The [Doctor] nodded. What else was there to say? Nothing.
“Then I’ll…head out for a bit. Exercise my legs.”
“Sure. Good to have you back!”
Paige smiled. Geneva tried, but the courtesy was something she couldn’t return. So her invisible friend did it for her. Which was worse, because both Paige and Daly knew Geneva’s secret.
“Geneva! Will you come and talk with us?”
Nicola called out as Geneva came back down the stairs. The young woman hesitated. The Italians were clearly dying to speak to someone, but Geneva was saved by Paige.
“I think Geneva needs to walk about. Why don’t we work on some English? You’ll need to learn, sadly. But we’ve got some useful stuff. One of us has a smartphone with a huge dictionary loaded onto it, and we might be able to transfer the files, or just switch phones. Do any of you know how to jailbreak phones? Because working with the software is tricky. We should also check your stuff for anything useful…”
Geneva exhaled as Paige took over talking to the four newcomers. Blake looked puzzled as he fished out his smartphone.
“I’d like to help, really, but my phone’s been dead for ages. Unless you’ve got a charger—and a solar panel?”
Daly grinned.
“Oh, mate. You’re going to love this. Guess what? A magic spell charges up your phone.”
“No way!”
The exclamation elicited laughter as the new Earthworlders flipped out. They fished out their electronics—they only had phones, having been teleported while being on a bus—but each one was a treasure trove of data. As were they. As Paige explained as Geneva slowly edged over to the door, anything they knew from earth was invaluable.
“Anything. Chemistry—we have a periodic table up but no one can remember the bottom parts—math, like the Pythagorean Theorem, knowledge of how to replicate different things from earth—”
“Like cake! I remembered how to make that stuff. Beautiful!”
Dawson blew a kiss. Daly laughed.
“But your first cake was utter shit, mate! Leave the cooking to Kirana!”
“What, you’re saying I can’t cook? Shove off! I’ll show you. Hey Kirana! Let me help with tonight’s dinner—”
“We don’t need more poison, Dawson! We’ve got enough to kill the monsters with already!”
One of the other Bushrangers hollered. Everyone laughed. Blake looked at Daly.
“I suppose making weapons would be one of those important things, yeah?”
Geneva froze. She looked at Daly and Paige. The [Engineer] girl hesitated and glanced at her.
“We don’t want it to spread. But yes. Anything you can tell me is useful. However, remember what I said about bringing up anything from home around others. I know how to make gunpowder…I think.”
“And a lot of our tech’s not useful or too hard to build, frankly. Light bulbs, batteries—not that great when you can just cast [Light]. I’ll kiss you myself if one of you knows how to put together a steam engine, though.”
Daly grinned. He felt at his back and then looked around.
