6.06 D
Page 14
Sometimes she was a quiet passenger that only did a few things, usually with Geneva’s left hand like swat at flies. Other times she was active. She could possess Geneva at will. Not that she usually did that, but a smile, a twist to avoid stubbing her toe, waking Geneva up in the morning at the right time.
Geneva had grown used to Okasha’s presence over the months, but it was still strange. She shared her body now. And unfortunately, that meant sometimes the person she was sharing it with had a difference of opinion.
“I’m fine. I deserve to be depressed. We didn’t bring anything back.”
“You got information. And the [Healers] did give you what you wanted.”
“Daly was expecting us to come back with coin. Instead, we just wasted what he worked so hard to get.”
Geneva heard a sigh in her head. The Doctor spoke, her lips barely moving. Okasha didn’t need to hear the words out loud; she was in Geneva and could read her vocal chords and muscles. Her voice was distinct from Geneva’s own as well, at least when she wasn’t using Geneva’s vocal chords, and she could change Geneva’s voice in astonishing ways if she chose to as well.
“Okay, but what does being sad help with any of this? It’s pointless and it just makes your mood worse. Cheer up.”
“I don’t want to. Okasha, don’t—”
Too late. As she was walking, Geneva suddenly felt a jolt of emotions—a compounded mix of excitement, energy, and what she could only describe as happiness—shoot through her. She stumbled, and Okasha steadied her. Geneva felt the Selphid doing…something in her. It wasn’t a horrible feeling—not like the Selphid writhing about.
Okasha’s biology allowed her to spread out incredibly finely, and her control was impeccable, at least with practice. Geneva was the first living being she’d ever been in, so occasionally there were accidents. But not now.
Whatever was running through Geneva pepped her up in a moment. Instantly, she felt better. The funk clouding her mind vanished. Geneva felt her spirits rise. And then she grew angry.
“Stop that!”
A passing Dullahan looked around and saw Geneva scowling at the air in front of her. He opened his mouth and then Geneva snapped again, apparently to no one.
“I didn’t ask you to do that. I hate it when you do that! Don’t do it again, understand?”
The Dullahan decided to walk faster. Okasha was unmoved.
“I just tweaked a few things. It was just a little adjustment, nothing big. Don’t worry.”
Geneva scowled.
“I know exactly what you did. Those were hormones. Dopamine, serotonin, endorphins. You released them into my brain, my system to make me feel better.”
It was incredible and scary to think Okasha could do that at will. But Geneva knew what she’d felt, even if she couldn’t control the effect it had on her body. She sensed Okasha hesitate.
“…Hormones? No, it wasn’t that. It’s uh, completely different. Look, it’s just this little—”
“Don’t play games. I’m a [Doctor]. I know everything about my body.”
That was a lie. But Okasha fell for it. She was surprisingly gullible, or she overrated Geneva’s knowledge.
“Damn it. Okay, I’m sorry. I was just trying to be—how did Humans ever learn so much about their own bodies?”
“We had to. We didn’t have healing potions or magic. We fought plagues and disease, advanced on the backs of a few people who found a cure, a new way of doing things.”
