6.06 D
Page 22
The table groaned. Paige scooped up her winnings. Geneva frowned at her hand. She was getting trash.
“But not in the way you think. Potions don’t cure diseases, remember? They accelerate a body’s natural functions.”
“They make it worse.”
Siri looked up. Geneva nodded.
“Either a [Healer] figures out some kind of cure, or the potions make the disease worse and it kills off everyone it infects. Plagues are far more deadly in this world because of potions. And when a truly virulent one appears…”
The others fell silent. Paige grimaced.
“Please tell me you can cure that. Or do something?”
Geneva glared at her cards and slapped them down on the table, one by one.
“I. Need. Antibiotics. But without them, there are some remedies that seem to work. There’s some antiviral and antibiotic components in each of the recipes I learned. Not strong ones, though. But it’ll do until we can find something like penicillin. I’ve been using red wine or spirits as antiseptic…and there’s honey, ginger—and garlic.”
“How effective is it?”
Geneva sighed.
“Honestly? Don’t get sick. I can do something for you, but I’ll be relying on the body’s immune system as much as what I can do externally. But I am working on medicines. Poultices based off the [Healer]’s personal remedies that combines the best. So I’ll be able to do some work…but I’m not about to try and cure diseases.”
“Unless we can get an [Alchemist] to figure out how to find the penicillin mold.”
“If it exists. And won’t that be expensive?”
Daly muttered sourly. The table fell silent. Geneva felt a pang in her stomach. Ken, who’d lost every hand since his lucky one, looked up.
“It is not hopeless, though. We are improving. A few months ago we were afraid of paying rent and eating rice. This is better. The Bushrangers are gaining fame. We are saving money. This is working.”
The others looked up. Ken smiled around the table. Then his eyes slid to the cards.
“Five copper coins.”
He had a good poker face too. Geneva calmly slid her coins over.
“Raise.”
“Call.”
“I Fold.”
“Fold.”
Ken met Geneva’s eyes, a polite smile on his face.
“I raise.”
“I fold—no, I don’t—shut up, Okasha!”
Two voices burst from Geneva’s mouth. She scowled and put down her cards as Siri blinked and Daly sat back. Paige and Ken showed their cards along with everyone else. Daly laughed as it was revealed that Geneva had pure trash and Ken had a straight. The [Negotiator] took the round, and the others tossed in their cards.
“You had nothing!”
Okasha protested with Geneva’s voice. The [Doctor] closed her eyes.
“That’s why I was bluffing. Ken and Paige probably would have folded if we went another round. Okasha, you’re terrible at gambling.”
“You have nerves of steel.”
The Selphid grumbled. Ken smiled.
“Hello Okasha. I probably would have folded. Geneva is very hard to read.”
“Hello, Ken. Hi everyone! Nice to meet you, Siri.”
Okasha smiled with Geneva’s face and introduced herself. The Swedish girl had heard about Geneva’s secret, but she had to do a double-take and ask the usual questions of Geneva. Did it hurt? What was it like? Geneva answered as best she could as Daly narrowed his eyes at Ken.
“Wait a second…are you reading our moods with your Skill?”
“I would not do that!”
Ken protested innocently. And his meager coin pile attested to that fact. Geneva grumbled as the table got back to the game.
“Let me do the gambling.”
“Fine. I’ll drink. Pass me the bottle, Paige? Thank you!”
