6.06 D
Page 36
The Dullahan named Kiltem reassured Geneva when she went to check on him. He was one of the few people she’d treated and even then, the adventurers had known what to do. He would need to be carried and heal for at least a week, but with potions his broken bones and body would mend quickly.
There was nothing for her to do. Again. Geneva looked around the battlefield, at Daly who was congratulating and thanking some of the people they’d called upon with Ken, at the Bushrangers testing their crossbows on a serpent and shaking their heads—at the departing adventurers, [Warriors], and [Mages].
Useless. She’d come out here, rushed out here thinking to help evacuate the wounded. To save lives. But this hadn’t been her battle. It had been a triumph for the United Nations company—thanks to Ken and Daly. Thanks to diplomacy, words. Goodwill.
Geneva loved it. Hated it. She turned and walked over to Daly.
“Geneva? Everyone well?”
“They’re all fine. The dead—I can’t do much for them.”
Daly was high on relief and victory. But he paused as he saw Geneva’s face. He reached out and grabbed her shoulder gently.
“It’s good they didn’t need help, eh?”
She looked up and met his eyes. Guiltily, Geneva realized he was right.
“That’s true. I’m sorry.”
“Hey. Everyone knows you want to help. And you do.”
“How?”
He shrugged.
“Just by being here. Look.”
He pointed. And Geneva turned. She felt the eyes on her at last. Soldiers from Quallet’s company. The Featherfolk Brigade’s warriors. Even adventurers and sailors. Looking at her.
“They know you’ll be there when they need it. That’s enough.”
Daly’s voice was quiet. Geneva looked back at him. He smiled at her.
“Sometimes a [Doctor]’s work is just in the head. Just making people feel safe. Right?”
Geneva hesitated. And then her lips quirked. It wasn’t quite a smile. But it was close enough.
“No wonder Quexa likes him.”
Okasha remarked softly. For once, Geneva couldn’t disagree. She looked at Daly.
“You did a good job.”
He grinned, a look of delight for the compliment. Then he gave her a slight bow.
“Wish it were always that easy. But then, how’d we split the coin? Lousy job, this. Didn’t earn a copper penny, what with that lot hogging everything.”
Geneva chuckled. Daly nodded towards the Centaurs who’d raced a lot of the people on foot here.
“That lot’ll be heading back soon. Want to hitch a ride?”
“I think so. Let me at least fuss over the Dullahans with broken bones.”
After Geneva had loaded the Dullahans onto the smoothest wagon and ensured they were moving comfortably at a slow pace, she and Daly took another ride home. The two Centaurs were chatting the entire way back.
“Fantastic! I don’t know how you got those grouches from the Mage’s Guild to do it, but that was incredible! And we saved those adventurers.”
“And we get paid, right?”
“We’ll guarantee it ourselves, even if others claim all the serpent hides and meat.”
Ken reassured the Centaurs. Pihava tossed her head like a horse, her long hair doing the same work as a mane.
“That’s quite generous! Your company pulled out all the stops. Why? Do you know the teams that were in the dungeon?”
Ken and Daly exchanged a glance. They were riding in the front. Daly answered for them.
“Nah, just the one. It’s not that. It’s just—they needed help, right? And you don’t abandon your mates when they’re in trouble.”
“But they’re hardly your mates.”
“Not yet. But I think we could become friends. And hey, that’s what our company does best. Right Ken?”
