6.06 D
Page 25
“It is. But it is new. And people think that since the Titan and the leader—it has another leader called Three-Color Stalker whom no one knows except that she is a powerful [Assassin]—they think that if those two die, the company will fall apart.”
“Ah. So a few high-level blokes are the only things holding it together.”
“Yes. Pretty much. But while they live, it is very dangerous.”
“And the last company? The Eyes of Baleros?”
Siri was done drinking. She pushed her glass back and got some water instead. Ken frowned.
“I know little other than they are based deep in the jungle. Very secretive. They have the smallest land, but no one fights them. They are a species company. Of Gazers.”
The others at the table frowned. None of them had met a Gazer. From what they understood, they were a secretive people with huge eyes that had powerful magical properties. Ken hadn’t been able to get much solid information about them, but what he had heard had disinclined him to meet them in person.
“I have heard of Gazers and I…do not think they would be a good company to anger. From what I understand, the Eyes of Baleros is a very difficult company to work with.”
“Huh. So. We have a mixed company? The Forgotten Wing? A Centaur and Lizardfolk company, a Dullahan company, and a company made of…Gazers.”
“Actually, it is Centaurs, Dullahans, Gazers, and the Forgotten Wing Company.”
Aiko corrected Daly. Ken nodded.
“There was a Lizardfolk company who was the fourth Great Company, but the Forgotten Wing company replaced them.”
“So they’re really dangerous. Fine. That’s valuable information, Ken. But from where I sit, we’re not in a position to tangle with them anyways. I’m more focused on getting a solid base of support around here. Maybe work out a deal with Quallet—fuck, I don’t know. We need land or some big revenue source.”
Daly sighed. Paige nodded as she knocked back another shot of rum.
“I agree with Daly. I’m not suggesting we attract attention to ourselves, but having some backup would be nice. We’ve got allies, but they’re small players compared to a Great Company. And if war threatens, the company protecting this place, the Featherfolk Brigade, isn’t going to necessarily cut it. They don’t owe us anything, more to the point. And if they don’t like another company basing themselves here…”
“You want an army.”
Geneva spoke quietly. Daly looked up. He hesitated.
“Not one to fight with. But—there are big [Bandit Lords] and other companies out there, Geneva. I’d be reassured if we could scare them off rather than chance it if battle came calling.”
There was nothing she could argue with about that statement. Geneva was well aware of how Baleros worked. The strong survived. Daly sighed longer, louder.
“Honestly? A Gold-rank adventuring team would make any company hesitate. If we could get the Bushrangers to that level—”
“Impossible.”
Siri said it flatly. The Australian glared at her, but she was unmoved as she sipped her glass of water.
“We don’t have the levels, Daly. And though we do level, it’s too slowly. To level faster, to gain more money, we need artifacts to take on more monsters. Crossbows are too weak.”
“I know, but we’re paying the United Nation’s bills here, Siri.”
She nodded, but the frown didn’t go away. Paige looked between the two.
“I’m working on this new invention that might help—but we could use money back at home too. The apartment’s so full that we’ll start having fights.”
“And my tools and experiments take money. Rather than earn it.”
