6.06 D
Page 9
“So I didn’t do much. I wish I could say I did, but I was useless on the trip. I would have told you by [Message], but Ken said it was better to break the news in person.”
Or rather, what he’d predicted was that anyone who was at the Mage’s Guild would spread the word about rather than just relay it to Paige or Daly. The Australian nodded. He frowned at Geneva, clearly trying to think of something to say. And then he had it.
“I think the Centaur boy—colt, sorry, please excuse my mistake—you saved would disagree. And the [Wood Cutter]. And Quallet.”
“That’s true, I suppose.”
But those were all people she’d helped earlier. She could have stayed in Talenqual and both of them knew it. Daly coughed, looked around, and then waved.
“Hey Kirana! Can we get one of those? Kirana, you know Geneva, right?”
“Yes! I know Geneva. Hello. Would you like one? This is a dahi kebab. Vegetarian.”
“Hm.”
Geneva recognized the deep-fried vegetable dough ball that was offered. She took one, and bit into the bread-crumb exterior. It was still warm and delicious. Daly snagged two and Kirana scolded him.
“Hey! I’ll share with Geneva.”
“Are you doing well?”
“Yes, thank you!”
Kirana smiled at Geneva. The two paused, because Geneva had nothing else in her arsenal to say. Then Kirana turned as someone shouted her name from the kitchen.
“You’re terrible at talking to people. Were you always like this? Eat the kebab. It’s really good.”
“Shut up.”
Daly glanced at Geneva, then realized who she was talking to. He bit into his kebab and his eyes opened wide.
“Bloody hell, that’s good! No wonder we’re spending so much on our food budget each week!”
Geneva savored the rest of the dahi kebab. It was very good, and she suspected it had been chosen to appeal to the widest variety of people—there were some vegetarians mixed in the Earthworlders, although some had been forced to compromise their values to survive.
“First time having them?”
“Kirana and her lot are always coming up with new stuff. They practically run the kitchens now. Indian cooking works really well with Baleros’ markets, apparently. Lots of spices, similar foods—”
“That’s lucky. Perhaps we could sell some of the foods they make?”
“Paige was talking about that. Kirana wants to hit at least Level 15 before we try that, but she’s open to the idea. Really, the issue would be getting a market stall or somewhere to sell from. And the ingredients. It’s not too bad, but we might need someone to stand watch. And…”
They needed money, but they were waiting for us to come back. Geneva’s last bite soured in her mouth. She nodded.
“We’ll work something out.”
What else could she say? She turned as she saw Ken had gotten up. He waved at the people who were protesting, and trotted over to her and Daly. He gave the Australian a smile.
“Daly, I wanted to talk to you.”
“If it’s about the money, Geneva just filled me in. No worries, mate.”
Ken’s eyes flicked to Geneva for a second.
“She did? Well, I think it is disappointing, but it is not all bad.”
“That’s what I was saying. You guys did accomplish the rest, right? Paige’s disappeared upstairs.”
Ken nodded.
“We did do good work. I introduced our company to many others, and Geneva did meet with every high-level [Healer] in the cities we visited. I think it was productive—I also have many things to share with everyone. A map of the world, and I’ve learned of other continents. And I’ve learned about the Four Great Companies.”
