6.06 D
Page 16
The thought was incredibly depressing to Geneva. She looked around again, as if she could draw the girl out of the crowd.
“Then we should have helped her.”
“How? By giving her your coin purse? Someone will just rob her. Or she’ll spend it and steal again and again. That’s how I grew up.”
“No. She needs someone to take care of her. If her family isn’t there, or if they’re not responsible, she needs a home. Guidance.”
“Planning on saddling the United Nations company with a mouth that’ll steal from them and bring trouble down on them?”
“No.”
But that was the option, wasn’t it? Geneva bit her lip.
“On Earth, there are institutions that help people in need like her. Orphanages. Soup kitchens. Homeless shelters.”
“And do they save everyone?”
The cynicism in Okasha’s voice made Geneva acutely aware of what a lie it would be to say yes. She shook her head.
“No. But it’s something. The system is there, even if it is flawed. It’s…”
A helpless rush ran through her. This time Okasha did nothing to stop it. Geneva walked on, looking around. Yes, Baleros had richness, and beauty. But it was a world. This was a city. There was just as much darkness to it. And in Geneva.
That was the problem. Okasha’s hormonal treatment could only do so much. Geneva spoke out loud as she walked down the street.
“It’s—not just me being disappointed in myself, Okasha. I told you. I’ve diagnosed myself. I’ve had a traumatic event. I’m not sure of all of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder’s symptoms, but I’ll bet I have it. Me and Daly and at least half of the United Nations company. The four newcomers certainly did.”
“You told me about that. I still don’t quite get it. I mean, I do. You’re shaken up from battle. But you’ll get over it. Everyone does.”
“Will we? People from Earth aren’t used to war, Okasha. At least, the ones from countries like Nicola’s aren’t. There’re cultural differences, a difference in expectations. Most Humans don’t even see butchered animals. Many will go most of their lives without seeing a dead body more than once or twice—and usually in nonviolent situations.”
And even if they do see them, it’s on the news or at a remove. It’s not war.
Okasha’s voice was wondering in Geneva’s head.
“I can’t imagine a world like that. But if that’s so, perhaps I do understand a bit. You’re all like the children of nobility. Sheltered. So you have this PTSD thing, which makes you sad and depressed all the time, is that right?”
“It’s…the barest of summaries, but I suppose so. There are a lot more complications to it, let alone treating the problem. Mental illness is not my field of study.”
Geneva grimaced.
“But I suppose it is, now. I’m not qualified to be more than an assistant in the operating room back home. Here? I’m the font of medical knowledge.”
“Oh no. Here we go again…you know what you need, Geneva?”
“What?”
“Sex.”
Geneva tripped. Okasha caught her effortlessly and kept her walking, turning her head back and forth as pedestrians walked past her.
“I’m just saying, that’s what we did back in the companies. A new soldier gets the shakes after a battle? Get them drunk, get them laid, and get them a break. Three, four battles after that, if they’re alive, and they’re fine.”
“Having sex is not a solution, Okasha. It’s escapism—”
“It feels good and you should do it. What’s wrong with that?”
“For one thing, I have you in here with me!”
“Is that why you don’t masturbate? Look, I’m totally fine with it. I’ll help, actually. Heck, I’ll do it for you.”
Geneva closed her eyes. One shot back open.
