6.06 D
Page 24
“Only two continents have snowy regions. Except for Chandrar—the desert might qualify as a tundra. But besides mountains, only two areas have semi-permanent snow. The north most parts of Baleros and Terandria.”
Paige frowned.
“Nothing on the south side?”
“Not a thing. Chandra’s farther south, and it’s a desert. But not snow. And there isn’t an Antarctic region that I can tell.”
“Odd. Where is the equatorial line, then?”
Siri traced a finger across the map, perplexed. Daly hesitated.
“There might not be one. I was chatting with a bloke in the bar, and he claimed the earth was flat. Think that’s right? Or is it just a round planet and no one’s made the connection yet?”
Ken shook his head gravely.
“No, I think the earth may be flat, Daly. You see—I asked and there is an end of the world. Ships sail off it. It is a known fact.”
“Ah.”
The table went silent. Everyone tried to digest that information. Paige sat back, shaking her head.
“Two moons, a weird equator, the end of the world…I wish we had a telescope. Or a satellite.”
“You can build one later. Go on, Ken. The Iron Vanguard’s northern Dullahans. And?”
“Ah. You see, the Iron Vanguard has many…fortifications. The north is poorer, but it has some good metals to mine. So the Dullahans fortify it—and the Iron Vanguard controls much of the region. They are…an aggressive company. But they prize heavy armor.”
“Bunch of [Knights] tromping around tanking fireballs. I get it. And knowing Dullahans, they’re a right laugh.”
Aiko giggled. Ken nodded. That was fairly spot on.
“Their leader is the Seer of Steel. A [Juggernaut] with a body made of the most expensive armor money can buy.”
Siri raised an eyebrow.
“Why do they call him the Seer of Steel?”
Geneva muttered into her drink. Okasha poured her another refill. Both of them liked alcohol.
“Because he doesn’t go into battle with his head. He leaves that far, far away in his fortress. He controls the body with a scrying orb in place of his head. That way you can only hit his body. He’s practically impossible to kill, or so it’s said.”
“That’s properly intimidating. But I suppose a big shot would be like that.”
Daly slid his eyes sideways to Siri. Geneva wondered if they were trying to figure out how they’d kill something like that. Aiko looked around and spoke brightly.
“Very scary. But the Male—male—Ken, how do you say it?”
“Maelstrom’s Howling.”
“Thank you. Yes, they are not so bad. They are Centaurs! And Lizardfolk. They have a younger leader and her mother, and they control the—middle?”
She pointed to the map of Baleros.
“Very open plains. They have the most space, but since it is so wide, they cannot control—”
She mimed to say ‘all of it’. Ken nodded.
“And there is another company which emerged recently. The Forgotten Wing Company. They seized a lot of land from the other companies. They are the closest to us. Based in the south.”
“Yes! They are led by the Titan!”
Daly’s brows show up.
“I heard of that guy. The best [Strategist] in the world, right? What do you know about him?”
Ken shrugged.
“Much of is it gossip. So I did not trust it. But he was very intelligent. He teaches other [Strategists], and he is famous. Apparently he loves playing games of strategy? Anyways, his company is considered very powerful, but—”
He raised a finger.
“—It is considered fragile.”
“Fragile? How? It’s a fucking massive company, isn’t it?”
Daly frowned. Ken nodded.
