6.06 D
Page 26
Geneva looked into her glass. How many times had Okasha filled it? She slumped over at the table. Daly winced.
“Don’t mind me, I’m just running my mouth. Look, Geneva. If you need money, we’ll earn it. You just keep figuring out stuff like antibiotics, syringes, and so on. We can pay the bills with the Bushrangers.”
“But Daly, you just said it. You need better weapons. Armor. Artifacts.”
Aiko looked worried. Daly grinned.
“Don’t worry. That’s if we want to take on bigger threats. We can earn a living just taking on lower-level monsters, right Siri?”
The Swedish girl nodded reluctantly. Geneva tried to remember the Bushrangers telling stories of hiding in the forest while bugs ate them alive. But Daly acted like it was nothing.
“Daly, you work very hard. If we can support you and your team—”
Ken began, but the young man from Australia waved a hand.
“Don’t worry about it. We can keep going on as we’re doing. It’s not the most profitable, but hey, even if Dawson bitches about it, a few days of rest make up for some hard hunts. Besides—”
He smiled tiredly.
“It’s not like I do much around here.”
Everyone looked at Daly. Paige shook her head and rolled her eyes. Ken frowned and slowly stood up.
“I do not think that is true. You hold together the company when we are gone. We rely on you.”
“Naw, that’s you and Luan and—”
Daly looked at Geneva. But Aiko was protesting.
“I think you are excellent, Daly! We need you, so do not be—Ken’s what’s the word?”
“Modest.”
“Modest, yes!”
Daly flushed a bit.
“Well, okay. But look, I just meant the Bushrangers can keep funding us. And Luan’s pulling in coin—”
“Like I said, give me a few days, no one day—there’s a lot Blake was talking about I want to try and I have this idea—”
Paige spoke up. Siri leaned forwards.
“We can take on other assignments. If we get other weapons. They don’t have to be magical. But I was thinking. What if we carried warhammers—”
“For armor? That’s heavy—”
“Well, only some of us. But with traps…”
“I am going to talk to Kirana about opening up a stall outside! We can sell some of her cooking.”
“—And if I can get the formula right, we don’t even need to use metal. Ken told me about a Japanese version that—”
The conversation was growing confused. Lots of voices melded together. Geneva slumped at the table, pouring herself another drink. She whispered the word in between the voices.
“Sorry.”
So many people trying so hard. And here she was. She vaguely realized that Okasha was trying to get her to stand up.
“Your liver isn’t happy. And I’m…drunk? We should lie down.”
That was a good point. Geneva got up. She didn’t remember excusing herself, only that the others were smiling and positive and she—felt useless. She trundled up the stairs. Paige had told her to go to her workshop to sleep. After two tries, Geneva found it.
She lay on the ground, world spinning around and round. Trying to think. Okasha was singing in her head, babbling. The silly Selphid was drunk. Couldn’t hold her liquor. Not like…Geneva.
“Whee. Hey, I’ve never been in a living body, so I had no idea it does this when you get drunk. Did you know you have this weird thing that—”
“Go to sleep Okasha.”
At some point the Selphid did. Geneva felt it tugging at her mind too. She couldn’t move anymore, even when Paige and Aiko stumbled into the room and went to sleep. Geneva just lay there, feeling the floorboards pressing against her cheek. Her thoughts were muddled. But she knew one thing.
