6.07 D
Page 26
And a beam of light shot from the end of the flashlight. It was bright. Almost painfully so. And as Xalandrass swept it up and down the room, Niers saw the glow came from the thing inside the flashlight. It was being magnified outwards. Strange. Xalandrass swept it across the room, flashing it at Niers once and then apologizing hurriedly. Then the Fraerling clapped his hands and the lights returned.
The Naga swept backwards. He gestured to the flashlight proudly.
“You see?”
“I saw a light. A cute artifact, but hardly better than a mage’s lantern. And too bright to do more than give away your position. Unless you can control the spell?”
Niers replied drily. Xalandrass wavered, and then he slapped his forehead.
“Oh! Of course! I neglected to mention—Lord Astoragon! This isn’t a mage’s artifact. This device isn’t magical. Not at all!”
He raised the flashlight. And now Niers’ eyes locked on it. He frowned.
“Explain. And bring it closer. You may place it here, please.”
He gestured to the table. Xalandrass did so, talking hurriedly.
“No magic at all. Feel free to examine it, Lord Astoragon. It’s got components inside—you can see the metal and glass past the…”
“Odd surface. Too smooth, but it’s definitely not metal. What’s it made of?”
Niers interrupted Xalandrass, running a hand along the strange body of the flashlight. He glanced up sharply and saw the Naga hesitate.
“I’m told it’s called ‘plastic’, Lord Astoragon.”
“But you don’t know. And it’s completely non-magical. Not even a rune or mana stone inside?”
“I had a [Mage] friend of mine test it. She swears there’s no magic at all.”
Now that was strange. Niers studied the device. There was no fire to it, even when he pressed the button and it lit up. Something was glowing, but—Niers went blind for a second as he stared at the glowing filament of…whatever that was inside it. That wasn’t magic. No, that was some kind of metal. Wasn’t it?
He glanced up and saw Xalandrass was watching him hopefully. Niers stepped back, hit the button on the flashlight, and decided to sit. He blinked spots out of his eyes.
“Well, Xalandrass, congratulations are in order. You’ve got my full attention.”
The Naga puffed up a little. Niers held up a hand.
“Don’t waste it. Without exaggeration, tell me. What is this device? How did you get it?”
“Ah, well, I would love to embellish the tale, but the answer is simple. I acquired it in the line of my business. A few mercenaries from a suppression company hired for the battlefield came over and tried to barter for some alcohol. They offered this in trade and I took it.”
“For alcohol?”
Niers’ eyebrows shot way up. Even a weak artifact was worth far more than that. Xalandrass smiled.
“They were desperate. And I offered them quite a bit to drink for these trinkets. And others.”
I’ll bet you did. Niers had a low opinion of war merchants, who sold to companies when they were at their most desperate. They preyed on the short-of-luck. But he didn’t say any of that out loud.
“So, you made a good business deal from some soldiers desperate for fun. Who didn’t realize what they were carrying?”
Xalandrass pondered that.
“Let’s say that their good sense was in shorter supply, Lord Astoragon. There were others whom I made better offers to who did not relinquish their…objects. All part of the same company I might add. All Human. All new to warfare.”
“Ah.”
Niers was getting an image. A group of desperate travellers, who’d bartered this away. Poor enough to work in a suppression company. But rich enough for…? And they didn’t know the worth of this.
“Tell me more. Or rather, show me.”
