6.07 D
Page 16
Luan rolled his eyes at the Lizardwoman sitting right next to them. Venaz smirked.
“No one I’ve not accounted for. Why else do you think this place is empty?”
His words made Luan pause and look around the parlor. He’d assumed the Inky Scale was just unfrequented, but then, he’d seen the tattoos the [Sailors] sported on the docks. Venaz nodded to the door.
“The sign says closed now. And until this moment I was using an artifact. No one noticed me coming in. The [Tattooist] will give me something that fades in a few days—I am no [Warrior], but a [Strategist]. As for you, you’ll go out the back after we’re done here. Our meeting was chance, and so this incident will not be reported by those watching me—if I haven’t given them the slip already. I’ll be doing enough suspicious things later that anyone will write this moment off. Well, the Professor might not, but he’s not the one I need to fool, is he?”
He smiled smugly, proud of himself. Luan digested this little monologue. Professor? Spies? This Venaz thought highly of himself. Then again, if he had a magical artifact he had money to wave about.
“Why me?”
“As I said, Couriers attract too much attention. So I scouted you out. You’re the City Runner who most easily fits my qualifications. Waiting for you was a simple task.”
“You knew I’d be here?”
That threw Luan. But Venaz’s smug smile said it all.
“You inquired about tattoos in the last two Runner’s Guilds you visited, which indicated it was on your mind. This was the first city where you claimed any of your earnings, which gave me the clue. If you hadn’t stopped here, I would have found you in the inn this night.”
For some reason, Venaz felt like he was Luan’s age. Maybe even younger. Despite being taller than Luan and a lot bigger. Or maybe Luan just felt old these days. He frowned, deeply unhappy.
“People told you everything I was doing?”
Venaz shrugged.
“Everyone sells everything. For a price. This is Baleros. What did you expect? Now, about my offer—”
“Done!”
Both Venaz and Luan blinked and looked at the Lizardwoman. She blew on Luan’s skin and then tapped the slightly sore flesh.
“Look at that! Good, clean work! Not even a bit of blood! Like it?”
Luan stared down at his arm. There, written in gold, entirely without him knowing, were two names. Gold ink glittered at him, spelling out two words he would never, could never forget again.
His eyes stung. Luan looked down and thought of the two faces. His family. Smiling. Holding his son. Now the image was clearer in his head. And now, he was certain, he wouldn’t forget. All he had to do was look down.
“Thank you, Aiko.”
Luan felt the beginnings of tears. But then Venaz’s voice sounded right next to his ears, ruining the moment.
“You told me you could stretch out the tattoo for as long as I needed.”
He was scowling at the Lizardwoman. The [Tattooist] spread her claws innocently.
“It wasn’t a big job! And I’m an artist! What, you want me to poke him for another ten minutes? Because that’s rude and it hurts! You can do your tattoo now if you want.”
“No.”
Luan stood up suddenly. He glared at Venaz.
“I’m going back to find an inn. I paid you—”
He looked at the Lizardwoman who looked mildly embarrassed and nodded. Luan turned to Venaz.
“—so you can find me or put in a formal request.”
He spun to go, but Venaz caught him. Luan went two steps, but the Minotaur didn’t budge. Luan spun back to him, angry now. Venaz’s face was impassive.
“And as I said, that’s not an option. Hear me out. It benefits you and I.”
He paused for a second and eyed the tattoo shining on Luan’s wrist.
