6.07 D
Page 11
Fifty four coins. Luan’s smile sprang to his lips unbidden. Now that was the fruit of hard work. And from the look a Centaur [Runner] standing at a counter next to him was giving him, it was good even by City Runner standards.
“No. Just…four gold coin’s worth. I’ll pull the rest out when I get home.”
“You got it! Wow. That’s a lot of money. You sure you’re just a City Runner? I heard you can make it from Talenqual to Ravelm in less than two days!”
“I’m hoping to make it to Courier eventually. But a City Runner I am. Thank you.”
Luan accepted the four gold coins from the Lizardgirl and signed the receipt she handed him. She sighed.
“Wow. And you use that tiny boat! Who taught you how to row that well? Lizardfolk? It wasn’t Centaurs, that’s for sure. Right, Minta?”
She laughed and indicated the Centaur. Minta the Centaur didn’t laugh back with her.
“Let’s just say I was pretty good at it back home. One of the best, in fact.”
Luan smiled. The Lizardgirl nodded and didn’t ask for more details. She waved the next Runner in line forwards as Luan strode towards the door.
There went Luan Khumalo. A few of the Runners in the guild knew him, and he thought he recognized a few faces, but it was them knowing him, not the other way around. Because, and Luan was proud of this, Skills or no, he was developing a reputation as an excellent City Runner. Only two months and he’d already made a name for himself.
Luan specialized in lightning-quick deliveries from spot to spot. After all, it wasn’t as if he’d trained to do long-distance rowing. Even with [Greater Endurance] and all his Skills boosting his speed, there was a very hard limit on how far Luan could go. But fast? He could do fast.
“And it’ll be faster still if I can hold onto some of that gold I’ve earned.”
Luan muttered to himself as he pushed out the Runner’s Guild door. Now that he was on land and not in an athlete’s mindless trance, he could think about his future. He’d been mulling over the idea in his head. He was faster than the world record holders in his world already. But he could be even quicker in the water if he had the money to spend.
“Get a boat made of the lightest-weight wood. Sliding seat—and make it actually aerodynamic.”
That meant a proper single scull, long and narrow, not wide, like the one Luan was using. But to have that, he’d need a bag of holding, a good one, to hold his deliveries and other gear.
“And paddles. Lightweight. Made of that good wood the Lizardfolk use. Expensive. And enchanted.”
Yes, enchanted. Paddles enchanted with the [Weight] spell were what he wanted, according to an [Oarsman] he’d spoken with in a tavern. They’d add as much as fifty pounds to each stroke. And a spell could make the boats and oars practically featherweight. Add that to something to put the wind on his side—
Luan wondered if he could actually achieve liftoff with that kind of setup. He sighed happily, and then frowned.
“But that’s hundreds, thousands of gold coins. And from what Paige said, this might be going towards a new apartment for the kids to live in.”
His good spirits sank a bit. But Luan refused to let them sink further. He shook his head.
“Children. They come first.”
Perhaps that was a harsh generalization. But Luan did truly feel like one of a few adults sometimes. Some of the Earthworlders brought over to this one were only fourteen or fifteen. Luan and Geneva were older than they were by a decade. They had to take care of them. And the fifty four gold coins Luan had labored for was a big step in that direction.
