6.07 D
Page 17
“Hm. I didn’t ask. What’s the tattoo about? Odd writing, that.”
Luan wanted to cover the tattoo. He glared up at Venaz.
“The names of my son and my wife. So I don’t forget.”
“Did you think you would? Shameful.”
The casual comment made something snap in Luan. He raised a fist and punched Venaz in the solar plexus as hard as he could.
Nothing happened. Except to Luan’s fist, that was. Luan felt like he’d punched a mildly rubbery rock. More rock than rubber, really. He stepped back, suddenly wary. Venaz had let him go, but he hadn’t so much as budged. He eyed Luan, and then the Minotaur grinned.
“My name is Venaz, City Runner Luan Khumalo. I’ve told you it twice now. Remember it, for it will one day be famous. So, do we have a deal?”
Luan stared at Venaz, rubbing his knuckles. Then he had to laugh. The Lizardwoman stepped back, sweeping her fragile vials of ink out of the way as he and Venaz sized each other up a second time.
“Okay, what’s the mission? How dangerous is it?”
“Not at all. But I require your word before I tell you more than the rough details.”
“Tell me the basics, then. I won’t commit to anything too dangerous. Or illegal.”
Venaz nodded. He spoke briskly now, eyeing the designs the [Tattooist] hopefully shoved in front of his face and waving them away.
“Twenty gold pieces to deliver a small object to my person alone in a port city north of here. The danger to you will be minimal, although you will have to be swift and precise. There may be pursuers, but if you are caught—which you will not be because you are a significant portion of my plan—you will likely only be held for a few hours. At most, roughed up.”
Luan didn’t know if he liked that. But—twenty gold pieces? He heard the Lizardwoman gulp and agreed. That was a good job. Especially if the danger wasn’t that great. Still—Luan eyed Venaz and folded his arms.
“No. Forty.”
“Forty? For a small delivery? You overestimate your worth.”
Venaz’s eyebrows shot up. Luan shook his head.
“Forty gold pieces. You researched me, and you admitted that I am an important part of your plans. You need a fast City Runner on the water who is not a Courier. I’m your best option and you know it.”
The Minotaur glowered. He muttered to himself. Luan thought he caught ‘must be what the Professor’s always telling me about’ before he looked up abruptly and nodded.
“Fine. Forty.”
Luan thought for a second and then shook his head.
“It’s sixty gold pieces now.”
“What?”
“The price went up.”
“In two seconds?”
“I just remembered that you insulted me and bothered me when I asked to be left alone. So, sixty gold pieces, friend. Can you pay that much?”
“Yes. Sixty, damn it, but not a copper piece higher.”
Venaz growled in disgust and gave Luan something almost approaching a look of admiration. He sighed.
“I’ll pay you ten pieces up front, fifty on delivery. Do we have a deal?”
He held out a hand. Luan hesitated.
“One last thing. Promise me no one will be hurt by what you’re doing? No one dies? I’m not bringing something illegal or that harms someone else?”
If the Minotaur couldn’t make that promise, Luan would do it anyways. But Venaz just grinned.
“No one dies. As for harm—they’ll be bruised, maybe a few broken bones at most. But this is no war. Runners have their codes about interfering in battle, after all.”
