6.07 D
Page 1
Paige muttered under her breath. Geneva gave her a reproving look.
“I don’t want to make it seem like this is the better option. And I am concerned about complications during the operation. I had no experience prior to this, and Miss Hastel was the first surgery I ever performed. There are four main species on Baleros, each with different anatomies…”
The others let Geneva go on. But despite the good [Doctor]’s reservations, her conclusion was the same.
“I can be on call for childbirths. And if a [Midwife] detects a problem, or if a mother comes to me…I can perform the operation. It might be a case where those who are affluent come to me to have the operation done to preserve their figures or lessen the pain.”
Geneva grimaced. Aiko nodded. She’d heard of that happening. Too many operations as opposed to natural births. But that was a moral quandary for later. Right now, the point was that Geneva had something that everyone needed.
After all, wars came and went. Healing potions could heal most mundane injuries. And severed limbs were rare, if distressing anomalies. But childbirth was forever.
“We might get more patients coming in just by word of mouth alone. Saving Miss Hastel’s baby put your name out there again.”
Paige was trying to figure out how much they could spend to get Geneva’s clinic up and running. There were things to be considered, like how to charge people. Geneva was firm in that she’d give anyone who needed medical attention aid, especially pregnant mothers. Ken proposed a fine alternative—charge them by what they could pay. A [Merchant]’s wife could make up for a half dozen poorer patients.
But there was something else Geneva had to talk about. And it came up the instant she turned to Daly.
“I hear a group of Dullahans may be joining your team.”
“Ah. The Rustless Guard? Yeah. I spoke to Eldima last night. She was really impressed by our group. And I think we can hit it off. Uh—working together that is.”
Daly grinned sheepishly. A hint of a blush crossed his features. The others around the table reacted according to their personalities. Siri sighed. Paige rolled her eyes. Ken looked away politely. Aiko covered her mouth as she smiled. Geneva just stared.
“Did you two have sex?”
“Aw, come on Geneva—”
“Answer the question.”
Daly hesitated.
“It was more like…uh, well, we didn’t get to sex, but—”
“Kissing? Penetration of any kind?”
“Fuck me. Why’s it so important?”
Daly stood up, flushing red with a bit of anger. Geneva sighed.
“Because—the next time you’re in that situation, you need to ask Eldima, or Quexa, or anyone you meet if they have any symptoms of infection around their genitals. And to be safe, you need to use this.”
She pulled something out of her pocket. Aiko recognized it at once. Paige had been helping Geneva make them based on the blueprints the [Doctor] had worked up last night. She must have been fast, because the completed product was already in Geneva’s hands. The first prototype of many.
The group of Earthworlders stared at the object curiously. Geneva shook it out and Daly’s eyes widened. He took only a second to identify the crude linen condom and groaned.
“Oh come on. STD’s? You’ve got to be fucking kidding me.”
Siri blinked down at the object Geneva placed on the table. Ken eyed it, looking very surprised. He stared at Geneva.
“Condoms. And you want us to…”
