6.07 D
Page 2
“Wear them. Use them. And ask your partners if they show signs of infectious diseases. I’ll be giving the company a full lecture on what to ask for and symptoms later today. I should have done it last night before we had a party. If I hadn’t fallen asleep—I’m giving everyone a second checkup. This time pants and underwear off. No objections.”
Geneva grimaced. The others looked at each other. Siri frowned.
“Is this serious, Geneva? Pregnancy isn’t a problem in this world. There’s a potion for that, you know. As for diseases—I haven’t heard of any. You said so yourself that plagues were rare.”
“That’s what I thought. Until I saw two of Quallet’s patients who had just contracted something called Yellow Rivers in a brothel. They were seriously ill. They’d used healing potions and the infection had rapidly progressed. I have pictures. Do you want to see?”
The table blanched. Aiko felt her breakfast try to come up. Ken took one look at her face and hastily replied.
“No, we believe you. So there are infectious diseases, Geneva?”
“Yes. And if there’s one, there are more.”
Geneva tapped the condom grimly.
“I know there are potions to prevent pregnancy. And it’s not enough. A potion might prevent pregnancy, but only a condom will prevent STD’s—even then, it’s risky. So use one. Especially if you’re having sex with someone from another species. Don’t have sex unless you’re sure they’re fine, understand?”
Daly grumbled as he sat back down and leaned back in his chair, covering his eyes.
“You know, there was one good thing about coming to this world—”
“Magic?”
Siri smiled as Daly glanced up at her in ire. Then the Swedish girl looked at Geneva.
“I mean, could the infections also be magical?”
Geneva paused.
“It’s a distinct possibility. My two patients I’m treating by cleaning out their infections, bandaging them, and giving them an antiviral and antibiotic treatment based on the [Healer]’s recipes. It will take me some time to see how effective the treatments I gave them are. But if it’s partially magical…I can’t stop a magical disease. I don’t know how. If there’s a magical antibiotic or…neutralizing agent, I need to use it.”
“There are dispelling charms and magics. I suppose an [Alchemist] might be able to find you an herb or mixture you could use.”
Geneva nodded.
“More research to do. But these condoms should work. They’re waterproof and I’ve soaked them in a mild mixture I think should kill off bacteria. It works on the cultures I’ve been growing. Still, there’s only one way to be sure, so everyone needs to know the risks.”
Daly put his face in his hands.
“How’re we supposed to explain this to Quallet and the others?”
“I’ll do it.”
Ken looked miserable as he volunteered, but Geneva held up a hand.
“He’s in the city, isn’t he? Or rather, camped outside it? I’ll go with you.”
“We all will.”
Paige sighed. Aiko stood up and followed the group into the apartments. She looked at the other Earthworlders. Daly’s reaction was probably indicative of how the others would react. Sexually transmitted diseases felt like an Earth problem. But they were even worse here. She thought of the infected soldiers in Quallet’s company and had to excuse herself to sit down for a minute.
 
—-
 
Aiko found the others talking to Quallet in the inn he’d rented. The [Mercenary Captain] was nodding as Geneva told him about STD’s in general terms.
“It’s a serious problem, Quallet. Your soldiers need to be briefed on the risks, especially of visiting brothels. Ken or I can give them the lecture themselves, but I have to insist they hear it.”
