6.07 D
Page 4
“Geneva won’t like it at all. And she had a point about spreading the tech, Paige.”
Daly frowned, worried. Paige nodded.
“Guns would be hard to make. And I’d have to have a [Blacksmith] help me, so it’s risky. They’d be able to see what I’m doing even if all I need are the metal parts. And…someone sees you using the guns, or just hears a rumor and you’ll have people trying to steal it. Take it.”
“So what’s your idea? You have one, right?”
Siri met Paige’s eyes. The Australian girl nodded.
“I do. I’m skipping guns. I’ll…work on something. An emergency weapon like Daly’s poisoned miniature crossbow. But my real focus will be grenades.”
The others paused. Daly exhaled.
“Grenades? You mean…bombs.”
“It doesn’t need a metal shell. I could make a pot and fill it with shrapnel. It’s not even that far from an [Alchemist]’s creations. They have exploding flasks filled with oil, and so on. But these will be non-magical.”
“You’ll need a separate space. And be careful. If you set stuff off—”
“I’ll be careful. But I want your approval before I argue it out with Geneva.”
Aiko bit her lip. Geneva wouldn’t like this at all. But Paige was looking at her, so Aiko nodded hesitantly. She’d seen monsters. If the Bushrangers were fighting them…oh, would they sell this to Quallet?
“We’ll take on the arguments. It’ll be a company secret. And no one lets the grenades be touched by anyone else. We use them, and that’s it.”
Daly’s eyes were lit up. He was already thinking how to use them. Ken nodded slowly. Aiko felt her stomach twist again. So that was today. Condoms and babies. Grenades and gunpowder.
The room fell silent after that. Aiko looked again out the window. Softly, wishing he were here to say something—no, only that he were here, she spoke.
“I wonder where Luan is?”
The others looked at her. Aiko, staring out the window, saw Daly give Ken a look and then lean over to whisper. Ken made a very unhappy face, but he nodded. It was Paige who finally spoke up.
“Say, Aiko…while we’re on important topics, about you and Luan.”
“What about Luan?”
Aiko turned, confused. Paige hesitated. Ken took over for her.
“It is not that we do not understand, Aiko. But even if we are in another world, Luan was married. So it is not good to—I know that you liked him, but even so, this is—”
He was glancing at the others. Daly sucked in his breath and Paige was wincing. It took Aiko a moment to realize what Ken was suggesting. When she did understand, she was furious. She stomped over and punched Ken in the arm.
“It is not that. Never that.”
“Really? Aiko, stop, stop! But you’re always asking about Luan, so we thought—”
“No! It is—it’s about—”
It had been a secret between Aiko and Luan. A hypothesis, as Luan had put it. But he’d confirmed it, so she was sure he would take care of the matter before he came back. She might do the same. But she didn’t want a tattoo. Nevertheless, Aiko told them, furiously. Ken’s mouth opened. Siri’s eyes went wide. Daly and Paige looked at each other.
“Oh. I had no idea.”
“Is Luan sure?”
“He is married. He has a wife and baby.”
Aiko punched Ken in the shoulder again, hard. He stepped back and made a silent gesture of apology. She glared at him—they’d have words later. But Daly was turning pale.
“I think he’s right. I noticed it too.”
“When was the last time you thought of them?”
Paige looked at Siri. The Swedish girl shook her head.
“Not even once. Not even—”
Suddenly, there was a look of anguish in her eyes. Daly bit his lip. Ken, Aiko, Paige, they all paused as familiar faces came back. Aiko closed her eyes.
“You see? We do not remember.”
