6.08
Page 29
Lyonette’s breathing slowed. She took a few breaths, raised her chin, and put the faerie flowers on the fire. She felt at her head. Apista was…buzzing. Her wings beat rapidly as Lyonette lifted her down. She felt excited. But Lyonette mentally ordered her still. She didn’t want to risk scooping Apista up. She should have left her behind, honestly, but the Ashfire Bee’s presence reassured Lyonette. As if she knew what she was doing with Apista around.
“Okay. I can do this. Apista, you stay put, understand? Firewood, flowers…stay right there. I’m going in. And I’m going to come out with jars and jars of honey and bees. Pawn will be happy about that.”
Yes, think of Pawn. Lyonette put the two huge glass jars on the ground next to her. They were slightly muddy from the sledge. How would she drag this in the grass? No—if the hive became active, it would be dangerous even to get near. This might be the last time until the winter came again.
Lyonette wished that didn’t make her feel so relieved. But she took the emotion anyways to give her confidence. Slowly, carefully, she lit one of Octavia’s matches and tossed it on the kindling. It lit the dry wood and shavings at once.
Fire blossomed. Quickly, Lyonette stepped back and grabbed the long-handled fan she used. She began wafting the flames and smoke as the fire started devouring the wood—and the faerie flowers Lyonette had placed on the firewood.
You could use dry flowers, but Lyonette had found that fresh flowers actually worked better in some ways. It took longer for whatever was in them to burn, so the fire had more time to build. By the time they released their effects, Lyonette was fanning hard, blowing the smoke into the cave.
And holding her breath. Apista hovered well back from the cave as well. Lyonette knew how strong the faerie flowers were if you were close to them and she had placed the fire inside the cave to avoid the wind blowing the smoke in her face. Now, that had been an unpleasant moment, waking up in the snow half-frozen to death.
But this time the wind was stopped by the cave, and Lyonette was fanning hard. The smoke entered the cave and she heard the thrumming turn to a sudden roar. The bees had detected the smoke.
Normally, smoke calmed a hive. Bees would go into flight mode and begin devouring the honey, half-blinded by the smoke and confused, preparing to flee their hive if the fire enveloped the fragile fortress they’d built. But not so for Ashfire Bees. They were practically immune to fire; Lyonette had once caught Apista fanning her wings in the fireplace. And when they detected flames near their hive they went out and smothered them.
They were coming. This was the pants-wetting moment of the ordeal. The moment when the buzzing filled the cave and Lyonette sensed movement coming at her. She fanned desperately and saw the first bee shoot around the bend in the cave. It was an Ashfire Bee, not as big as Apista and stinger black instead of crimson, but huge, a giant among bees, poised for the attack—
It dropped and hit the floor with a small bump of sound. Lyonette breathed out slowly as the buzzing abruptly went out. There were more pattering of noise as the worker bees flying to investigate dropped, already asleep. Still, Lyonette kept fanning until the fire was mostly ashes. Only then did she grab her jars, punch the air in relief, and step into the cave.
“Bees first. Two big jars of bees, and two jars of honey.”
