6.08
Page 4
The wound in his hand was inflamed, and it was already puffing up. Lyonette pouring the potion into the wound, watching the swelling go down—a bit.
“There must be a lot of venom in that stinger. I’m so sorry—”
“It’s fine. Doesn’t hurt that much. Good morning.”
Numbtongue shrugged. He flexed his hand, barely wincing as the skin closed up. It was the first thing he’d said all day. Lyonette stared at him, and then couldn’t help but smile. The Goblin [Bard] looked at her, and then at Apista.
The bee was confused. It had stung after being grabbed. As far as it was concerned, everything was great. The green thing had let it go and retreated. But Lyonette was angry. At Apista. The bee sensed it and didn’t know why. It flared its wings, wondering if the situation called for more stings. The green thing was keeping well away from it while the white thing bounced up and down at the table. Apista was about to fly about to look for more enemies when it heard another voice.
“I told you that bee’s a menace! A menace I say!”
Erin Solstice walked over, planted a huge plate of eggs and bacon in front of Mrsha, Numbtongue, and Lyonette, and mock-glared at Apista. She had tankards in her other hand as well. Milk for Mrsha, water for Lyonette, and milk for Numbtongue.
“That’s a lot of eggs, Erin.”
Lyonette eyed the eggs with mild alarm. Mrsha reached for the heaping plate and Lyonette grabbed her paw.
“Ah! Did you wash your hands, miss? And where’s your plate? And fork?”
Mrsha’s face fell. She slunk off the table and found the washing bucket of water and the little soap ball. Apista flew with her. She thought about drinking from the bucket, but experience had taught her that was not good water. She was flying with Mrsha because she was wary of the fourth creature in the wood hive she lived in.
The scary one. If Lyonette was a fellow bee, and the white thing a precious creature, like a baby larva, and the green one…a green one, then the scary one was a threat. Like a wasp, or a bear, but somehow, still part of the hive. Lyonette liked her, and so Apista didn’t consider the scary one a threat—but she was still scary.
Erin Solstice stared at Apista warily as the bee flew about Mrsha. Apista was giving her much the same look.
Bees did not see like people. In fact, their eyes weren’t much hot stuff anyways. They could make out bright colors to find food, but it wasn’t for clear, stunning, high-resolution analysis. So Erin didn’t look that much different from Lyonette in Apista’s mind. But bees were also animals, and in that sense, Apista saw more than Lyonette.
To Apista, Erin was bigger than her form. At times she was just the size of her body. But at others she filled the room, the wood hive that was Apista’s home. She became the hive, and in those moments she was a terrible giant. A thing the bee had no words for and which scared Apista.
So, the scary one. Right now Erin wasn’t scary, but the bee had decided long ago not to get too near her. She flew past Erin and investigated the bright eggs and meat. Not her choice of food and indeed, Lyonette instantly shooed her away.
“No, Apista! I’ll get your food in a moment. Erin, I’m going into Liscor today. We need more sugar for her water, and I’ve got some other errands to run.”
“Sounds good! I’m going into Pallass.”
The word made everyone look up. Erin’s face was set. Lyonette scratched her head.
“Pallass?”
