6.08
Page 6
“Ooh. While you’re at it, can you get me some more eggs? They’re cheap, but I, uh, used them for breakfast. And I want to make some more egg-based dishes when I get back from Pallass. Egg drop soup. I don’t quite know how to make it, but I assume you have egg, and soup, and there’s dropping involved…”
Lyonette sighed, but Apista felt the hint of amusement from her. The bee flew down as Lyonette filled a bowl with water and sugar. Erin eyed the bee greedily drinking up the syrup before Lyonette had even carried it back into the common room.
“You sure Apista’s fine with just that? I thought she needed more.”
“Well, I haven’t let her out of the inn for fear she’ll get attacked by birds, but there are the flowers.”
Lyonette waved towards the little yellow flowers blooming in the planters near the windows. Erin stared at them.
“Oh. Right. I forgot! We should make some more faerie flower drinks, Lyonette.”
The [Princess] shuddered.
“They’re not exactly social drinks, Erin.”
“No…but they are good for some people. Sometimes. And Halrac and Ilvriss ask me if I have more now and then. Say, could you get more honey as well?”
Lyonette paused.
“From the Ashfire Bee hive? I haven’t gone back there in a while. I could…try.”
The last time she’d harvested honey from them had been in the winter, but she’d stopped with the spring rains and the uptick in monsters. Now the Floodplains were muddy, but some of the muck was turning into proper soil again. And there were plants blooming, the last of the undead had finally been taken care of…it was beginning to be a proper spring. Erin hesitated.
“I mean, I know it’s dangerous, but your smoke trick’s worked before, right? And honey is a money earner.”
“True. I’ll try it. After I see Krshia. Oh—and I’ll visit the Players of Celum and see why they haven’t dropped by yet.”
“Would you? It’s totally slipped my mind. Well, not slipped my mind, but every time I go through to Celum, Octavia’s bugged me about new potion ideas and helping her burn down this other guy’s shop…”
The two chatted as Apista drank the precious water and sugar up. She knew it was exactly what she needed to survive. But Erin was right. Water and sugar were one thing, but a bee lived on honey. And Apista was predisposed to another thing too.
Nectar. As she was not a queen who lived to lay brood, she was instinctively motivated towards the little flowers. So as the other adventures came down the stairs, and Numbtongue and Mrsha fought for a rasher of bacon and Erin and Lyonette circled the inn, the Ashfire Bee flew up and towards the little planters near the windows. There she landed and inspected the flowers.
They were small, and yellow. Vibrant, like little coins of gold sprouting from the soil. Ironic, since that was how Erin had first received them. Fake gold coins, a faerie’s trick payment. But she’d taken the flowers and planted them, and they’d bloomed into flowers that were very useful, and very magical.
One sip of the nectar could make you see things. Mix it with alcohol and you’d see the past. Or a past that might have been or…just dream. Lyonette had found you could burn the flowers too. Dried and burned, they created an incense that put the Ashfire Bee hive to sleep and allowed her to collect honey. The flowers probably had other uses too, but they were as yet still growing and multiplying, and Erin wanted a veritable garden first.
