6.08
Page 3
No. It wasn’t a thought Apista would ever have of Lyonette. She didn’t know the girl’s name, or what she was—to Apista, Lyonette was a fairly blobby thing, sometimes wearing odd colors, but always with the same pheromones. And Apista would recognize her everywhere. For Lyonette was her. Apista’s other self.
It was through Lyonette that Apista understood more of the world. Because she could sense Lyonette’s thoughts. They were abstract, often confusing. But always there. When Lyonette was angry, Apista felt it. When she was confused or tired, Apista knew. She and Lyonette were connected, and so the bee thought of Lyonette as another bee. Just uglier, unable to fly, and who did many odd things.
But she was the more important bee of the two. She had raised Apista from a larvae, fed her, and cared for her. So Lyonette was the most important thing in the wooden hive. Second-most was the white thing, for which both she and Apista cared for greatly. The other two things Apista thought of as being part of the ‘hive’ were the green thing that was sort of friendly, and the scary thing.
They met the green thing two steps out of the door when Lyonette finally opened it. Mrsha scampered out, and then paused. So did Lyonette. She stopped and stared at Numbtongue, who’d walked out of his room roughly the same time as them. He stared at them.
“Um. Hello, Numbtongue.”
Lyonette only hesitated for a moment. Mrsha stared up gravely at Numbtongue, and then raised a paw in her silent greeting. The Hobgoblin blinked at them and there was a moment of…
What? To Apista, it was a moment of wariness, like if a bear was approaching the hive and it might have to be driven off. She fanned her wings and took off of Mrsha’s head. To ward the green thing off. It wasn’t exactly part of the hive, although she sensed Lyonette’s goodwill towards it. The green thing stared at her as Apista flew, stinger extended threateningly—
Apista flew. Lyonette uttered a word with her name in it, but the feeling of caution emanating from her only grew more, and Apista just interpreted that as more warning against the green thing. So she flew at it—
And the green thing grabbed Apista.
Numbtongue stared at the struggling bee in his hands. He thought he’d grabbed it in the right spot. Gently, around the abdomen to hold the stinger back. But Lyonette exclaimed.
“No, Numbtongue! Let her, go, she’s going to—”
The Hobgoblin had underestimated Apista’s flexibility and strength. The bee wriggled. It was caught! It reacted as bees do. She coiled up, one angry ball of insect. And then she did what came naturally.
Apista stung.
 
 
—-
 
“I am so sorry. Apista does that whenever she’s around new people. She doesn’t mean any harm by it—she just warns them off. She does it to everyone, but you grabbed her. No one’s done that before.”
Lyonette apologized to Numbtongue profusely as they sat at the table, applying a bit of healing potion to his hand. Only a few drops, but it was necessary. Apista’s stinger had gone right into Numbtongue’s hand before he’d let go, and her stinger was big. Apista herself was bigger than two hands put together now, and her stinger was dangerous.
Even more dangerous than a normal Ashfire Bee’s stinger because Apista was the size of a queen. And worse still because of Lyonette’s Skill. [Crimson Stinger]. The [Princess] hadn’t had a good chance to see what the change had wrought in Apista’s stinger aside from making it larger and more red, but now she saw as she tended to Numbtongue’s hand.
