6.08
Page 23
“Yes. Hrr. Apparently some Dullahans like them as pets. But as I say, they aren’t my expertise. Still, I assume you’ve come because this one is acting up?”
Elirr offered a finger to Apista. Lyonette was afraid the Ashfire Bee would show her stinger, but there was something about the Gnoll that appealed to the bee, because she walked up Elirr’s arm, fanning her wings. The Gnoll smiled.
“Ah, Ashfire Bees. I know something of them. Deadly and immune to smoke or fire which most would use to harvest honey. A terror for adventurers to fight—as many monsters are. But their honey is sweetest yet. I wondered how Krshia came by any honey from their hive. It made a lovely snack and the cats enjoyed it with their milk. I understand more, now.”
Lyonette nodded.
“I got Apista from that hive. I have a trick—but I’ve raised her and not done much with her, until now. Today she found me in the city. She must have slipped out the door. I don’t know how I should raise her. Any tips?”
Elirr puzzled that over for a second.
“Hm. You mean, how you should level or how to make her obey?”
Lyonette didn’t want to mention she had consolidated her [Beast Tamer] class into [Worldly Princess]. She hesitated.
“Both. I mean, she obeys just fine most of the time. But what should I do with her?”
The Gnoll frowned.
“Do? Nothing. If she is a pet, she is a pet. Feed her. Love her. That is all. But if she is not, then you have a problem. I see it sometimes with those who buy animals I have bred to war and keep them as pets. Animals have a nature to which they are inclined. It may be Apista seeks to realize that nature—or that she is simply uncontrollable.”
“Uncontrollable?”
Elirr nodded.
“Some animals are beyond [Beast Tamers] or even [Beast Masters] unless you are high enough level. Some…beyond even the highest-leveled, I suspect. I do not know. A [Beast Tamer] over Level 40 is exceptionally rare. I can think of a Named Adventurer who is so high, but no higher. So functionally, yes, there are animals that cannot be tamed. I could barely tame a Griffin, and only to the most basic of social functions, for instance. And insects may be too foreign for some training. Like Crelers, for instance.”
“Someone’s tried to train a Creler?”
Lyonette was appalled. Elirr nodded.
“Fools do anything, and there was a point. Imagine one of those in war? But it was futile, as I’m sure you can imagine. The first of the [Beast Tamers] who tried it enjoyed some success. Hrr. But it was short lived. He was found two months later in his home, dead. The Creler had devoured half of him and laid eggs in the rest. More tea?”
Lyonette hesitated, then saw the twinkle in Elirr’s eye. So she gave him a polite smile.
“Please.”
The Gnoll guffawed and filled her cup.
“Ah, but you are different than I thought you’d be! As befits one who raised Mrsha. Again and again I must change my thinking. But where was I? Crelers. Even the [Beast Master] who took the case found the Crelers were simply too instinctual, too…predatory to handle. The most he could do was direct them like a weapon, and as they grew older, their destructive instincts only increased. They are all hunger with little else to guide them. And the adults? The Gnoll who tried it told me she sensed a dark intelligence from it. Too intelligent. She suspected it was gaining too much from her Skills and had it destroyed at once. Terrible things.”
“So, a [Beast Master] can truly make an animal intelligent.”
Elirr raised a finger.
