6.08
Page 13
Stealthily, as stealthily as a bee could be. Apista crept towards the door. It was a fabulous plan, as smart as an Ashfire Bee could hatch. But it was foiled by the creature of scales who came through the door, as loud as thunder, as loud as a boar.
“Ishkr! I’m here to work! Hey—”
Apista took wing, racing for the door. The thing of scales exclaimed, “Oh no! Apista! Shut the door!”
She lunged, but the door was ajar and the Dwarf coming through already sloshed at the bar. Apista flew at his face and he jumped in surprise. The scaly thing, whose name might be Drassi, shouted, “Stop her! Get her, Dawil!”
And the Dwarf leapt for her, ready to foil her plans. But clever, she, the bee. She dodged and wove around the grasping hands, landed in the beard and crawled up the screaming face. Then she leapt again and flew out the door. Apista laughed at the one chasing her of scales and fright. She shouted at them in words they could not hear, “At last, I fly free!”
And then she was airborne! Apista flew through the skies. Free for once of her hive of wood. Free at last, as free as a bee. As free as could be. Until a terrible thought occurred to her. She was free, but could she be? (She was clearly still high or drunk or tripping, as you clearly can see.)
She had no hive, nor purpose. Apista flew through the skies, aimless and helpless, suddenly gripped by philosophical woes. She looked at the sky, and wept, only bees do not weep. And there was no one to hear her. She was still hallucinating that she could speak.
“What reason have I?” cried the bee. “What am I to do? By what reason am I free?”
And the sky spoke. “You are alone.”
And the bee knew it to be true. So it flew across the land, looking for her other half. For she completed she, but even together they were a bee twice alone. For what is a bee without a queen? Two bees then, flew together. Neither one worker, neither one queen. But both in between.
So the bee found her other self and flew down to her. Asking, “What shall we do? What do you see? What pulls you, and how do you see me? What shall I do? By what reason am I free?”
Thus was began Apista’s great quest in the open. And in an inn made of wood, a Drake stood in the door. Drassi stared at the open sky, mouth agape. Dawil swore as he felt at his beard that Apista had crawled up, and Drassi saw Apista’s form grow smaller and smaller in the sky. She gulped and looked back at Ishkr, who’d arrived too late.
“Oh, Ancestors. Lyonette is going to kill me.”
 
—-
 
Lyonette’s journey to Liscor was uneventful, at least to begin with. She made her way down Market Street, saw a familiar Gnoll at her stall, and made her way towards her. She got halfway there when an angry voice shouted at her.
“There, you see? The [Thief]! I’ve been telling everyone, that inn is just a den of criminals! Look at her, without the decency to stay out of the city! She was exiled! And look! She’s swanning right about, defying the law. Just like that!”
Lyonette jumped. She looked around and saw the shouter was a familiar Drake. Lism was shouting from his stall, his scales red and purple as he shouted at the people around him.
“Not only did that damn Human bring a Goblin into our homes, but a [Thief]! They caused riots in the city and one of their flesh-loving friends nearly drowned me in the confusion! Are we to let this pass? I ask you! You, Shopkeeper Malvilla, didn’t that [Thief] steal from you? And you, Skemil? And even honored Krshia over there was a victim! But it appears that Gnolls forgive and forget too easily! Not so with Drakes, I say!”
