6.08
Page 33
Above her, the queen bee burst into flame. Lyonette’s head snapped up as the queen blazed fire and descended towards Apista, a burning meteor aimed for Apista. That would have been enough to reignite the fear in Lyonette’s heart. Enough. But then she saw the bees forming behind the queen. Like a huge mass, a swarm like she’d seen smaller bees form, but larger, with the queen at its heart. They shot after Apista, who was flying, burning, across the Floodplains. And then, without warning, with a sudden burst of heat and light that scorched Lyonette even where she stood, they all burst into flame.
 
—-
 
The walls of Liscor were always patrolled by at least forty members of the watch, ten for each cardinal direction of the wall, and at least one pair of Senior Guardsmen. That was the minimum requirement for any Drake city at any time. Currently there were two hundred [Guardsmen] on the walls of Liscor at any time, although Zevara had still left the oversight of the walls in the care of Senior Guardsman Jeiss and Senior Guardsman Beilmark, the Gnoll-Drake pair known throughout the city.
It wasn’t a bad job, now that Liscor’s siege and the dungeon threat was over. In fact, it beat walking the streets some days. You got to stand around, and even make idle chatter. With so many [Guards] about, you could relax because you had dozens of eyes in every direction.
That was what Jeiss, the Drake, enjoyed. What he didn’t enjoy were stupid rookies who’d just been promoted coming up to him and asking questions.
“Senior Guardsman Jeiss?”
“What?”
The Drake opened one eye irritably. He saw a younger Drake gulp. Light pink scales—oh dear, he must have been humiliated growing up. Jeiss would have recognized that coloration, so he guessed the Drake was one of the new recruits. Zevara wanted at least two hundred more [Guardsmen] in the city by the fall, and she was pushing the Council to give her a budget for double that. After what he’d seen, Jeiss didn’t blame her.
It didn’t mean he had to like the rookies, though. They were always asking stupid questions. Like, ‘How should we stand’? ‘What if we see some Shield Spiders, do we call someone?’ ‘How come that big Drake gets to slack off?’ Stuff like that. Jeiss wished they’d just leave him alone. When he was a junior [Guardsman], he’d known to keep his mouth shut.
“What?”
He snapped at the young Drake. The junior [Guardsman] gulped. He had a spear and watch-issued leathers, but he wore them like a bad dress.
“It’s just—I saw something and I was wondering if I should report—”
“Is it monsters?”
“I uh, don’t think so. It’s this bright—”
“Is it a spell? Is it aimed at the city?”
“I don’t know!”
“You don’t know if it’s a spell? Why don’t you ask your other [Guardsmen] what they think?”
“Well, they don’t know either. So they said I should ask you, because—”
Jeiss was about to argue more when a paw reached out and poked him in the side. Hard. Senior Guardswoman Beilmark, who was reading an installment of Olesm’s latest chess magazine—he’d just come out with a new edition after a long hiatus—looked up and scowled at him.
“Just go and see, Jeiss.”
“Aw, come on.”
Jeiss was trying to relax. Senior Guardsmen got to sit and he’d been on his claws all day. But Beilmark just poked him again. It was a Gnoll thing, and Jeiss had gotten used to it—mostly.
“Go.”
“I had to go the last three times!”
“He’s a Drake. We agreed you handle Drakes, I handle Gnolls.”
“That was before I remembered how many Drakes serve compared to Gnolls.”
Jeiss grumbled. He got to his feet and glared at the young, pinkish Drake.
