6.08
Page 15
“Go along with you now! Unless you want to hear Lism bellowing more?”
Lyonette did not. She walked away from the market, but not before Lism got a few parting shots in.
“Hah! Look at that! Running like the cowardly Human she is! Not a tail to tuck between her legs! Hey—don’t you climb onto my stall! You attack me and I’ll call the Watch! I have a right to free speech! Not that a Human-loving pervert would understand anything off—”
For a second Lyonette thought about going back. For a second. But no. Running up to Lism and calling him a peasant with eggs for brains would not be helpful. As much as she wanted to do just that. Lyonette walked down the street, passing by Drakes and Gnolls and knowing they could see her red cheeks and ears. And then, like that, a bee fell out of the skies and landed on Lyonette’s head.
“Apista!?”
The Ashfire Bee buzzed, her wings flapping rapidly as the Drakes and Gnolls took one look at the oversized insect and sprang away. Lyonette grabbed at Apista as the bee wobbled erratically around her in flight. The Ashfire Bee’s thoughts were disjointed, but Lyonette caught confusion, desperation, and—melancholy from her. She’d never sensed these emotions from Apista. Or seen her act like this!
“What is going on with you? And how did you get out of the inn? Did Mrsha let you out? Is something wrong?”
Lyonette scolded the bee. But Apista didn’t seem worried, or in battle-mode as she might if something was wrong, like the inn being attacked. She landed on Lyonette’s open palms at last and fanned her wings. The [Princess] brought her up to eye-level, hesitated as she noticed the crowd staring at her, and made a rapid decision.
“Just hold on to me and don’t make a fuss, understand? I’m bringing you right back to the inn. After I—drat. You know what? Just stay here.”
Lyonette placed the bee on her shoulder and started walking. And despite the bee’s odd emotions, it did obey. Lyonette could do that, at least. She hurried down the street. Apista helped her make better time than usual; half the pedestrians took one look at Lyonette and decided to walk around her.
“I wonder if owning other pets is like this. Father used to have a dog, but it’s not the same as [Beast Tamers] raising an animal, is it?”
The young woman groused as Apista rubbed her face on her shoulder. She still felt the bee’s wooziness, quite intensely in fact. Lyonette hadn’t noticed it, but now she realized it was the same feeling she got from Apista every morning.
“It’s the faerie flowers, isn’t it? Of all the—no wonder you lie about all day! I’m going to have to stop you from eating those! Why didn’t I notice it until now?”
Predictably, Apista didn’t respond. But Lyonette sensed the bee sobering, or waking up, or…doing whatever bees did to flush out their system as she walked down the street. She guessed that Apista would usually go back to the faerie flowers for seconds or even thirds.
Idiot. Lyonette sighed as she pushed the door open to the Watch Barracks and strode in. She marched up to the front desk. A Gnoll was on duty. He looked bored—right up until he noticed the bee on Lyonette’s shoulder. Then he stared at that as if it was the most interesting thing he’d seen all day.
“Uh. Excuse me, Miss?”
Lyonette pointed at Apista.
“Pet. I’m a [Beast Tamer]. May I ask if the Watch Captain is in today?”
“Um. She is. Are you looking to see her about…?”
The Gnoll waved at the bee. Lyonette shook her head.
“I’d like to request an appointment. I can do that, right?”
The Gnoll tore his gaze away from the bee. He looked at Lyonette, blinked, and then nodded.
