6.08
Page 21
Lyonette stood, nodded, and walked out of the room. Zevara saw the Ashfire Bee wave its antennae at her. She was gone so quickly Zevara was left staring at her back. The Drake blinked, stared at the eight gold coins, and swept them to the side. Drat. Now she’d have to divide and return the coin among the victims. And file a report.
Still, the encounter hadn’t left a sour taste in Zevara’s mouth, aside from the smoke. Lyonette. Zevara had never recalled the girl having as much presence, or being so…reasonable. Probably because Erin was the one Zevara was used to talking with. This had been almost pleasant. Now, why couldn’t Erin be as easy to deal with? Zevara sighed, returned to her work, then got up and strode downstairs to yell at the Gnoll manning the desk. A good shouting always made her feel better.
 
—-
 
Victory! Lyonette wanted to punch the air as she left the watch barracks. The Gnoll at the front desk had seen her coming down the stairs and was getting to his feet, but he never got a chance to speak. Zevara had come down the stairs like a storm and Lyonette had practically skipped out as she gave the Gnoll a tongue-lashing.
On her shoulder, Apista nestled next to Lyonette. Aside from the prickling of her legs, she was pleasant company. Her wings thrummed quietly and Lyonette felt the bee mirroring her satisfaction.
That was the way to do it. Not by yelling, or throwing a tantrum like a child. Be an adult, but be confident, be brave. Copy the examples Lyonette had seen at court, from foreign dignitaries, [Kings] and [Queens], not just her parents.
Back straight, chin up, glide, don’t walk. Act as if you have every right to be on the street and no one else does. No wait—ignore that last bit. Everyone has a right to the street, but you own the street. Something like that. Yes.
The next stop Lyonette made was a quick one. She asked for directions twice, both times from people with pets. The first time a Drake with a cat on a leash which neither was happy about, the second from a Gnoll who owned a dog. They directed her to a shop filled with noise. Lyonette opened the door and heard a minor commotion in the back.
There was a bell on the counter, and cages around the room. Only half of them were in use; a number of cats were lazing in the sunlight in the store front, and there was a dog sniffing something on the ground. Birds in cages who went still the moment Apista came in. The Ashfire Bee fanned her wings and Lyonette soothed her.
She rang the bell. The shop went insane for a few seconds, and then a Gnoll poked his head out of the back.
“One second, please! Thank you! Everyone else—quiet!”
The shop went silent, as the dogs and birds and one lizard all went still. One of the cats looked up and meowed defiantly, but the rest were quiet until the Gnoll came out. He had blood on his paws, and there was whimpering coming from the back. A dog? The Gnoll wiped his paws on his fur and looked at Lyonette. His eyes focused first in the bee on her shoulder, and then on her face. His eyes widened with recognition.
“Sorry. I was dealing with a dog who had toothache problems. I had to pull—but I see there is no Mrsha. Is this a business call, or social? Miss Lyonette?”
He remembered her. Lyonette smiled.
“Business, Mister Elirr. I wanted to ask for advice. Do you have the time?”
“Of course. I take it has to do with that bee? I recall it from the inn. Quite a fierce one too. I ah, have a seat. I have a seat somewhere around here…”
The older Gnoll looked about. Lyonette shook her head.
“I won’t impose long. Unless—I am imposing?”
