6.08
Page 27
It had been a fun ride with Lyonette up till now. Of course, Apista hadn’t understood much of what Lyonette had done, but she’d appreciated the emotions filtering through to her. From anger and then ice-cold calculation and confidence at the barracks, to triumph and pleasant feelings with the big furry thing in the shop.
Apista had liked the furry thing. And she didn’t know why. And then more of…well, it wasn’t a positive emotion or a negative one. Lyonette sometimes just become focused, like Apista would when she was concentrating on a difficult task like navigating over a bunch of drunk people in the hive-inn. No bad emotions, in short, which Apista liked.
Of course, Apista had never gotten the answer to the question she’d asked in her drug-induced haze, but the bee could barely remember what had happened then. The nectar of the faerie flowers was potent but wore off leaving vague memories at best. Honestly, Apista didn’t know what kept her coming back—
Aside from the fact that the flowers were very magical. The effects aside, Apista felt something in her telling her that the flowers had what she needed, just like how a part of her told her when she needed sugar or water.
The same part of her had reacted to the bug thing. The big, brown-black bug. Apista didn’t like it. She didn’t like them, whenever they entered the inn, in numbers or just alone. She was afraid of them. In the same way a mouse feared a cat, or cows feared Wyverns. One was developed to eat the other, and Apista’s stinger would do little against Klbkch’s carapace.
Lyonette left the city with Apista clinging to her head, watching for the bug in case it followed her. It did not, but the bee was wary. She could sense Lyonette’s thoughts going concentrated again, and heard the young woman murmuring to herself as she headed back to her inn.
Only, she didn’t take the magical door. She poked her head into the inn for a second to reprimand the scaly thing, who was ‘very sorry, I tried to catch her, Lyonette’, and then collect a little basket she’d prepared this morning. And a sledge? Then Lyonette walked back out the door and exited Liscor’s gates, pulling the sledge behind her. She went up the mostly muddy hilltops, muttering to herself.
“A busy day. But if I can start saving gold coins—a thousand gold will pay for a lot of the renovations, but I can’t use it for my fine. Can I? Well, if I earn a few hundred gold coins—and how am I supposed to do that? More plays, I suppose. And Erin had some ideas on how to improve the inn…”
It was all noise to the bee. Apista fanned her wings, enjoying being out. She was never out. She was always in the inn. And while that had food and the white thing and was usually safe from bug things, the outdoors called to her. She would have taken wing and flown about, looking for flowers blooming in the mud, until she sensed something from Lyonette that made her hesitate.
Fear. Not just surprise, or anxiety, but a jolt of true fear. That made Apista’s stinger come out. She cast about on Lyonette’s head, but there was nothing that was dangerous around her. Not even Rock Crabs. And yet, Lyonette was afraid as she marched across the muddy terrain. She had her stinger with her, a steel sword sheathed in leather. And that basket.
Apista had no nose. But she had antennae, and that was better than any nose you could ask for. She could detect a very familiar scent coming from the basket. But something else was growing in the air, wafting towards Apista. It confused the bee, because it smelled like herself.
