6.08
Page 22
Her conversation with Zevara and Lism’s shouting had reminded her of the injustice she’d done the Gnolls. But Elirr waved that away with a brisk paw.
“You are known to the Gnolls of Liscor. But the debt was paid. Moreover, you are Mrsha’s caretaker and she is owed a debt. Come in. I can give you—shoo!”
He scared a cat off a stool and offered it to Lyonette. Then he found a tea cup, some tea, and before she knew it, they were sitting and chatting at the counter. The Gnoll grinned at her.
“Pardon the animals, yes? They’re part of the job, but sometimes it seems they’re training me.”
Lyonette smiled politely. Part of her was still humming from her encounter with Zevara. So she acted more like that Lyonette and less like the polite, helpful, personality-less [Barmaid].
“You’re a [Beast Trainer], aren’t you? [Beast Tamers] and [Beast Masters] raise only a few animals at most.”
“Ah, you understand our class.”
“I’ve known some of both. [Falconers], [Kennel Masters], and so on.”
Elirr sniffed.
“Specialists. I deal in pets, myself. More variety and challenge that way. But between you and me, I’ve tamed Shield Spiders for a dare and handled Griffin babies, but cats are the worst.”
He raised his voice. A few of the cats lounging at the window looked up as if they understood. Elirr glared at them.
“Yes, you! I don’t care if you’re all intelligent. You’re pests! If you eat another bird by unlocking the cages, I will eat you, understand?”
One of the cats lifted its tail and displayed its rear end. Lyonette laughed with delight as Elirr hurled a pellet of dried dog food at it.
“They can understand you? I had no idea?”
The Gnoll shrugged, but he was smiling, and his tail wagged.
“It depends on the species. You know [Beast Tamers] and such classes improve an animal? Dogs can grow beyond their natural size, or run faster, become tougher—it applies to all animals. All can learn some intelligence, if you have the right Skills. But some animals are naturally smarter.”
“And cats are smarter than dogs?”
“Would you doubt it? Or perhaps cats are more suited to some things. I can train a dog to fetch wounded [Soldiers] from battle, or even apply healing potions—so long as the bottles are properly scented for them to pick out. But I can never tell how intelligent the cats get. I think they can understand words, at least some of them. But maybe they just understand tone? They’re clever enough to insult, at least.”
Lyonette looked down at a pure white cat that was twining about her legs. It leapt up onto her lap, clearly demanding a scratch. Apista fanned her wings and the cat hissed at the bee.
“Enough of that.”
Elirr snagged the cat with one paw, deftly hoisting it up by the neck. The cat yowled, protesting the indignity, but Elirr was soon scratching it behind the ears and it was purring loudly. Lyonette let Apista crawl down her arm and stroked the bee very carefully with a fingertip. Elirr eyed the bee.
“I have never seen a [Beast Tamer] with an insect before. I’ve met some who had such creatures, but they live such short lives that it hardly happens.”
Lyonette felt a pang as she thought about how long Apista might live. She hoped Ashfire Bees lived longer than regular ones, however long that was.
“Really? Like what?”
“Oh—a Lizardwoman who kept ants. A colony as snacks as much as entertainment. A Dullahan who raised beetles. Not roaches, you understand. Beetles with big shells and huge horns.”
“Oh! I’ve seen pictures of them. Terandria doesn’t have many.”
