6.08
Page 7
A certain little Gnoll and Apista were responsible for the much larger body of flowers in the planters along the windowsill. Encouraged by their efforts, the flowers had multiplied from three boxes of scattered blooms in the soil to six full boxes, and a seventh one on the way once Lyonette or Erin transplanted the delicate flowers. To Apista, it was a bounty of nectar.
And yet, still the bee hesitated. Bees had short memories in some regards, but in others? They could navigate back to a patch of flowers pollinated years ago. Because while individual bees died, a hive remembered. And Apista, short though her life had been, knew these flowers.
She knew what would happen next. But it wasn’t a strictly negative experience, one that would warn her away, like getting grabbed by the green thing or accidentally getting smacked by Mrsha while the Gnoll was asleep. It was something else. And because Apista had no concept of it, because she was programmed to seek the nectar in the little flowers and because part of her wanted to, she drew closer. Her proboscis lowered and she delicately inserted it into the bud of the first flower.
Bee fact. Regular Earth bees could forage as many as six miles outside of their hive. Ashfire Bees, the colossi of the bee families in this world, could forage for as many as twenty miles outside their hives, and further still if need be. They had to, as smaller flowers were far too tiny to provide them with enough nectar.
In that sense, the six beds of faerie flowers were just a warm-up for the Ashfire Bee. In another?
Apista drank. And the world slowed ddddddoooooooowwwwwnnnnnnnnnnn…………
Bees didn’t think like people. But they did think. And Apista was thinking about thinking, which was a novel experience for any bee. The idea of thought was to her like this strange thing. You could think? About thinking? That was…like…
Thought. Apista raised her head. Yellow flowers looked at her. But from a different angle they looked like blooming gold. Or gold that bloomed through a flower. Maybe they were gold and the flowers were the illusion. Maybe this window was—
Apista ran into the window. Okay, maybe it wasn’t an illusion. The Ashfire Bee crawled up the window. Wow. This hard stuff was really hard. And see-through. She could see right through it, but it was there. Outside the sky glowed with dawn light. Apista wondered if it had anything to say. She fanned her wings.
She could see—
—the shape of—
—tomorrow—
And it was green. With pink polka dots.
Apista tripped. And when bees tripped, they tripped hard.
 
—-
 
“Huh. You know, I never realized it, but what does Apista do all day when you’re working, Lyonette?”
Erin was about to leave for her trip to Pallass when she spotted the Ashfire Bee. It was crawling all over the window where the faerie flowers were blooming. Erin assumed it was good for the little things, for all Apista could have squashed them. But they really had been growing nicely.
Lyonette looked up from learning a new word Mrsha had invented. A tap on the nose and quick circle meant ‘tracking’. An important word for Gnolls. She was wondering if there was a way to write all this down for other people. A book, maybe?
She looked up and blinked at Apista. Lyonette frowned, then shrugged, unconcerned.
“All day? Mostly that. She always gets like this after eating. Quiet. Some days she just sits on the flower beds for hours. I guess I should let her out more, but I feel like she’s pretty happy like this.”
