6.08
Page 12
The man edged away from Lyonette. She nodded and saw him hurry over to the Players, shouting and pointing back at her. One of the young women on stage seemed to be taken with a bout of stage fright already. The actor with the floppy hand had the opposite reaction and began emoting with twice the waving of his arm. Lyonette debated staying, but decided she couldn’t. If she did, she might end up saying something she’d regret.
She went back the way she’d come, fuming a bit inside, and trying not to be angry. Part of her wanted to take the [Actor] to task. Would it have been that hard to send someone with a message? Really? Instead, the Players had just left for greener pastures. But she bit her tongue—it was entirely understandable of them.
Understandable, but it didn’t make Lyonette less angry. But she was slightly proud of herself for not blowing up at Temile. It would have done no good. She’d be polite, nice, and if they fouled up on stage and drove away her guests—
“I’m back!”
Lyonette slammed the door on Octavia before the [Alchemist] had a chance to pester her. She saw the adventurers were still at their tables, and Mrsha was watching Dawil arm-wrestle Typhenous. And lose.
“Damn it! What kind of spell is that?”
The Dwarf roared in frustration as the elderly [Mage] cackled. Lyonette sighed, but then saw Ishkr poke his head out of the kitchen.
“We’ve got the Players of Celum tonight? Should I get ready for a lot of customers?”
“Yes, and no. We’ll probably get some crowd, more from Liscor, at least until they realize what’s changed.”
Lyonette sighed. Ishkr raised his eyebrows, but she didn’t elaborate.
“Send one of the Gnolls—Rishka? Into the city and spread the word that the Players will be performing tonight. But maybe only people interested in joining should come. I’m going there too. I’ll be back.”
“Understood.”
Ishkr nodded. Lyonette walked towards the magic door. She slipped through it, not noticing or caring that Dawil, in his huff, had gotten off to pee away his frustrations. He slammed the door open and it slowly began to close. No one cared; they were all busy watching Typhenous begin to arm-wrestle Falene, both [Mages] actively casting spells on themselves and each other.
The door bounced back slowly towards the shut position. And that was fine, because Dawil would close it on the way back in. Or someone else would. Mrsha was too responsible to go outside without a Gnoll watching her now, and the zombies had mostly been eradicated. This was an inn full of adventurers, so what was the worry?
None at all. Unless of course, a completely faerie flower drugged Ashfire Bee decided that it was going outside. Then you might have a problem.
 
—-
 
Apista the bee spoke to herself for the first time. It was not the way a bee thought, but she had eaten from flowers and so it felt fine.
She said, or whispered, or spoke however a bee does, “Oh, I am a bee, and a bee I must be. But what is a bee, if a bee is not free?”
There was no one to listen, or even to hear. And her other half, the bee that walked and thought, wasn’t here. She had been, but now she was distant, as it sometimes happened. “Damn magic,” thought Apista, though she had no notion of magic or how to swear.
In other days, Apista might have lain and thought deep thoughts about flowers and basked in the sun. But oh! Look there! She saw an open door, a crack. And a great plot was begun.
