6.08
Page 20
Damn. That did make sense. If you agreed with exiling Lyonette, it was fair to let her buy back her things. Zevara scowled. She’d let Lyonette nod to her exile being fair, so she was supposed to nod to this.
“Are you a [Diplomat] of some kind? A [Diplomat]’s child?”
That would explain a lot. A wealthy nobleman’s daughter, run from home. Lyonette blushed slightly.
“No, but I’m pleased you think so. About my possessions—”
“I’m thinking. Hold onto your tail.”
Zevara glared and thought, but only for a moment. She sighed and pulled up some scrap paper. Why was she doing this? Oh yes, to make a headache go away. That was why she did most things these days.
“You’ve made your point. Rudely, barging into my office without permission, I might add. No wonder Erin Solstice hired you. Now, your fines. According to the damage reports—and this is bearing in mind that I’m charging you three times the damage you’ve done—”
“The Drake custom. An eye for two eyes and a tail, right?”
Zevara almost dropped the quill she was holding. She glanced up at Lyonette. Was this the same [Thief] who’d shouted childish insults at her a few months ago? She nodded.
“Correct. Bearing that in mind, and from what the affected [Shopkeepers] have claimed…I’m going to ignore Lism’s claim here…and the notable absence of a substantive claim for Krshia’s shop, despite what the Gnollish reaction was at the time…forty seven gold coins.”
Lyonette sucked in her breath. Zevara eyed her.
“Too much?”
“No. Well, it is a high number. I suppose I’m just relieved it’s not more.”
Zevara shrugged.
“You burned some stalls. But those were trade goods, not exactly enchanted artifacts. Even so, you racked up a steep fine. Congratulations. Between your spells from those artifacts and raiding the shops, you managed to beat the previous offender’s record quite handily.”
Lyonette paused.
“Who was the previous offender?”
“The [Necromancer]. Pisces.”
“Of course.”
The young woman sighed. Then she fished some coins out of her belt pouch. Zevara saw the sparkle of gold. Lyonette placed them on the table, eight coins.
“Here you are. That’s how much I can pay right now. I have a salary with Erin, but I can’t afford to pay the entire fine now.”
“Not going to ask the [Innkeeper] to foot the bill?”
That was sarcasm, but to Zevara’s surprise, Lyonette shook her head.
“Her money needs to go to rebuilding the inn and…other things.”
Zevara suppressed the urge to whistle. For a moment her tail coiled in a knot of jealousy. Erin Solstice could afford to pay nearly fifty gold coins like that? She covered the instinctive emotion with a cough and looked at Lyonette.
“I’ll keep your artifacts impounded until the last coin is paid from your debt. But I will keep them. If you have a payment on your fine, place it at the desk and make them issue you a receipt.”
“Thank you. You’re very generous, Watch Captain.”
Lyonette smiled at Zevara. The Drake eyed her.
“I am, aren’t I? I don’t know how you talked me into that.”
Talking of law and reminding her of the death sentence. That was clever. Zevara felt a twinge of admiration, and covered that too with a dark glare.
“The next time you barge into my office, I’ll toss you out the window. Understand?”
“Perfectly. Thank you. I won’t waste your time anymore.”
