6.08
Page 1
How the bee knew this, she did not know. She didn’t think of it. It simply was, and that was enough. She caught the racing white thing at last and clung to its…head? The fur gave the bee’s legs ample purchase, and it had learned that the white thing didn’t mind her holding on. She and the white thing raced about the room for another minute, and then pounced on a shape lying on a bed in the center of the room. Apista saw the movement, and took off before the white thing landed. She heard an oof, and felt—not in her mind, but close enough—a mix of emotions.
Surprise. Mild pain. Panic—and then—exasperation? Half of the emotions weren’t things the female bee could process, but she got surprise and panic. Her stinger extended and she flew to the attack. But what? Not the white thing. The being who was so upset sat up, and the bee heard a voice.
“Mrsha! I told you not to wake me up that way!”
A Human, a young woman sat up. She grabbed for the white thing, who was wriggling like a larvae emerging from its cocoon. She caught it, and the worker bee, still poised to attack something, suddenly felt a rush of emotion.
Love. The bee had no concept of this either. For a bee did not love. But it understood happiness, contentment, and satisfaction. And the outpouring of all these things was so great that it immediately relaxed.
Bees had little concept of past and future. They understood the changing of seasons, but that was a biological instinct as much as thought. There had been something possibly dangerous, and then not. The bee was content. She landed on the white thing as the Human stroked its head. the bee heard an exclamation—odd in the way bees heard, but familiar—and then the voice.
“Apista! You’re awake too? Why didn’t you stop Mrsha?”
And the bee said nothing because it had nothing to say. Nor did it realize that was its name.
Apista.
Bees had no names. And besides, this bee couldn’t understand language to begin with. But it had grasped that the particular rhythm of a particular voice meant something. Aapiissstaaaa. And when that voice said it, it usually meant warning. Or food. Or an invitation to rest and have something touch it. So the bee crawled up the white thing’s head, and the touching thing happened now.
Pat, pat. A large hand stroked the top of Apista’s body. The bee let it happen. It couldn’t properly feel the touches. Bees had very few nerves compared to a Human. But it felt the contentment coming from the person touching it, and so Apista was similarly content. Even if she didn’t understand why.
Lyonette du Marquin patted Apista’s body very carefully, and then felt a soft head butt. She looked down and saw Mrsha was demanding the same. She laughed and obliged, running her fingers down Mrsha’s soft fur, scratching her back.
Almost like a dog or cat. But the difference was that Mrsha did the same. She combed Lyonette’s hair gently with a paw. And the look in her eyes was far too intelligent for any animal. She was mute, but not stupid. A child, but growing by the day. And all too soon, she patted Lyonette’s arm and pointed a furry claw at the door.
“Oh? Done so soon?”
Lyonette teased Mrsha. The Gnoll child looked up at her, rolled her eyes, patted her stomach twice, pointed at the door, and then leapt from the bed Lyonette was sitting in. She landed on the floor with all four paws, again like a cat, then straightened and caught Apista as the bee flew after her. She lifted the bee, flew her over her head, and them patted her stomach and Apista’s.
“Oh? Food for you and Apista, is it? How selfless.”
