6.08
Page 18
Cool. Composed. Her chin was slightly raised, but not so high as to be condescending in any way. Just raised, and her shoulders and back were straight without slouching. She looked Zevara in the eye, and her voice was level despite the fumes coming from Zevara’s mouth. If Zevara had met a junior [Guardswoman] with that level of poise, she would have immediately promoted them on the spot.
Coming from Lyonette, the effect was almost intimidating. Zevara instinctively found herself sitting straighter and composing her thoughts, as if she were talking to another officer or someone she needed to impress, like Ilvriss. She caught herself doing it and stopped. With a growl, Zevara glared at Lyonette.
“What is it?”
“I’m here about my criminal record.”
Zevara hadn’t expected that either. She looked at Lyonette, frowning.
“What record? You mean, your exile and thefts? Taken care of. Or didn’t you notice that you’re strolling about my city without anyone arresting you?”
Maybe she’d heard Lism shouting in the Market Street. That damn [Shopkeeper] was agitating hard, but Zevara couldn’t really arrest him after she’d let the people trying to drown him in the bath off. Lyonette nodded coolly.
“I know that. And I also know that General Zel Shivertail interceded on my behalf. You can’t have been happy about that, war hero or not.”
“I was not. But I made an exception for him, and you got your sentence cleared. Good for you. You had connections. What’s your point?”
Zevara glared, reminded of the moment when Zel Shivertail, the Tidebreaker himself, had stridden into her office. No one had stopped him either. Now that was something you remembered all your life. And then Zevara felt the pang as she remembered his funeral. Lyonette shook her head.
“My point is that I broke a law. I was exiled. A crime fitting for the punishment.”
“And you’d like an apology, would you?”
If she did, Zevara would punch the girl. Or…maybe not. That was an Ashfire Bee, wasn’t it? Erin kept one of those as a pet? Zevara eyed the thing. Was it napping? Lyonette leaned forwards and the Drake looked back at her.
“I’m not asking for anything. In fact, I agree with the sentence. If anything, I think me being allowed into the city was the real problem.”
Thrown and thrown again. Zevara’s jaw opened a bit before she snapped it back shut. She stared at Lyonette. Why was the Human saying this?
“Really. You don’t mind the punishment, despite you nearly dying in the snow?”
It had been a cold day when they thrust the girl out of the gates. And they’d known it was close to a death sentence. But she’d have been dead at the paws of the Gnolls if she’d stayed, jail cell or not. Of that Zevara was sure. And Lyonette’s gaze didn’t waver.
“There must be law. And that was Drake law, wasn’t it? I survived. And I got a second chance, fairly or not, thanks to Zel Shivertail. I don’t think I’ll get a third.”
There must be law. The words came at Zevara, full of…authority. She actually believed that. Impressed, despite herself, Zevara leaned back in her chair.
“Really? What makes you say that?”
Lyonette blinked once, as if surprised.
“The letter of the law, of course. The punishment for offence in Drake cities differs from Human cities in Izril. And from Terandria. Jail time is customary, but offenders of lesser misdemeanors may pay off their debts and clear their names, if not their records, as though nothing had happened. The fines are steep, but Drakes take a more mercantile approach to punishment.”
She raised one finger as Zevara gaped. Now she sounded like some kind of [Lecturer]. Or…[Historian].
