6.08
Page 25
“I would assume the answer is no, Miss Slipscal.”
Klbkch’s voice was polite and matter-of-fact. Relc rolled his eyes, but Elissa looked pleased at Klbkch’s response. It gave her more time to talk.
“And you are correct! He wouldn’t hear of a reasonable argument! And we’re not the only block with issues, you may believe it! Rent’s going up across the city! What will the Watch do about it?”
Klbkch folded the bit of parchment and addressed the crowd. Lyonette watched, partially admiring Klbkch’s poise. From one trained leader, at least, leader in theory to another, she could see that Klbkch had a presence similar to Zevara’s. It calmed the crowd and made them hang on his words, for all he was an Antinium.
“I believe this issue is one of predictable cause. Liscor is a city of finite size due to the static walls. It may be possible for the buildings to expand upwards or down, but that would require action on the part of the property owners. Until then, given the influx of adventurers and other visitors, space is at a premium.”
“A premium that comes at our expense! How will you fix this, Senior Guardsman?”
Elissa raised her voice. Klbkch nodded slowly.
“I can only relay your concerns to Watch Captain Zevara, but I will forward the issue to [Strategist] Olesm as a matter of city-wide concern. The issue of housing may be taken up by the Council, but the Watch will address any exorbitant rent issues.”
Amazingly, that seemed to satisfy the crowd. It wouldn’t have flown in a Terandrian city no matter who said it, but things were different here. One of the Gnolls, dressed with a skullcap, and minimal clothing besides, bared his teeth.
“Will you arrest the [Landlord], Senior Guardsman? I would enjoy watching that, yes?”
“I was instructed that doing so was technically out of our jurisdiction last time we did it. But I will defer to Senior Guardsman Relc’s judgment on the case.”
Relc, who’d been scratching his tail, looked up. The crowd glanced at him, at Klbkch, and murmured approval. So did Lyonette. Relc grinned.
“Don’t worry. We’ll talk sense to any greedy [Landlords]. Or I’ll trip, right Klb old buddy, huh?”
He elbowed Klbkch. The Antinium looked at his partner.
“Please stop elbowing me. I am aware of subtext.”
The crowd began to disperse, but to Lyonette’s chagrin, more Drakes and Gnolls wanted to talk to Klbkch. He was popular! This time Lyonette moved through the queue. Without Elissa to stop her, she made it to Klbkch. The Antinium turned to Lyonette.
“Ah. Miss Lyonette. How may I help you?”
“Hello Klbkch. I was hoping I could talk to you about the inn—”
“Oh! How’s Erin doing?”
Relc bared his teeth in a grin. Lyonette smiled.
“Good. She’s…good. You saw her, didn’t you?”
“Saw? Oh yeah. I’m glad she’s still doing well. I would have visited, but Klb’s been busy, and I—”
Killed Garen Redfang. People were still talking about that. Lyonette looked up at Relc. He was apparently famous for his past as the Gecko of Liscor, a soldier who’d fought in any number of battles in Liscor’s army. But all she could think of was Relc drinking, swearing, and causing trouble. As a retired war hero probably would act.
“I’m sure she’d…like to see you.”
“Really?”
“Maybe not.”
Relc’s face fell. Lyonette hurried to reassure him.
“Give her time.”
“Hey, I can’t blame her. I’ll keep it chill. Maybe pop by with Klb someday. Until then I can drink in the city—until the kid catches me.”
Relc winced. Klbkch ignored his partner as he turned to Lyonette.
“Relc’s familial problems aside—”
“Hey!”
