6.08
Page 35
“No way. Five silver says they get her and we get buzzed.”
“Um. Two silver on the Human doing something to stop the bees?”
Both Senior Guardsmen looked at the pinkish junior [Guard]. He wavered at their stare as Jeiss and Beilmark exchanged glances. Then Jeiss slapped him on the back.
“Welcome to the Watch, kid. You’re going to go far here.”
And below them, Apista flew.
 
—-
Up. Down, left, right. Corkscrew through the air. Catch the wind, and dive. So close to the earth she could feel the mud hardening as her flames cooked the ground. Up again. Over a hill, past a Rock Crab which hid under its shell. Up, up, spiraling—and then down.
Behind her flew the swarm. Thunderous. Apista could feel the other queen’s rage. Intruder! She screamed it in the ways bees understood things. Intruder! Another queen was not fit to live.
But Apista was no queen. Not that it mattered. Her hive was threatened. Lyonette was in danger. So she flew, burning. And the bees flew after her.
Up, around—the wind buffeted Apista and she slowed. In that second the swarm nearly caught her. They dove at her, but she fell downwards. She didn’t know the sky like they did. The changing wind, the way the air interacted with other things, flowing, it was all new to Apista. She was at a disadvantage there.
But in other ways she was ahead. Because bees loved to fly. Surely, they did. And Apista was flying. For the first time her wings were open. And the flames issuing from her body gave her more speed. She flew, feeling alive. Fierce. And with each passing second she found she was flying faster, faster. The flames poured from her body, bright and hot. And behind her, the other bees were faltering.
The queen was tiring. Lyonette stared up with open mouth. But it was true. The queen of the Ashfire Bees was running low on flames. You could see the fire around her fading, and the workers had already run out of steam. Their flames went out one by one as they exhausted whatever fuel supply they had. Mana. The bees had to have mana! And they’d just run dry.
But Apista and the queen still had juice. And it seemed that Apista had far more mana than the foreign queen did. For her flame was burning fiercely. Even more than she had at the start, or so it seemed to Lyonette.
Hotter and brighter than any other bee. Apista left a trail of fire in the sky. Lyonette could feel the magic she was burning up, but the bee had deep reservoirs.
“How? How could she…”
But Lyonette knew the answer before she’d even begun. She remembered Apista lazing in her flower bed box, sipping the nectar of flowers, a gift of faeries.
Magical flowers. Days, months of drinking faerie flower nectar and living in Erin’s inn. It all added up. And as Apista soared, Lyonette felt her joy. Sheer, pure joy. She flew up, and the swarm turned too slowly. Apista lost them on the next turn. Now she was flying alone, a streak of fire in the sky.
They saw her. The adventurers on the walls, the betting [Guards], Drassi from the inn. The Drake opened the door to let Mrsha play, took one look at the bees flying about, and dragged Mrsha inside and closed the door. But Lyonette stood in the mud, staring up at Apista and laughing.
Alone. Nothing could catch her. Apista flew up, and then circled back. The swarm was hovering in the air, tired, uncertain. Apista aimed straight at their center, an arrow made of fire.
She charged the queen, and the workers and drones scattered before her. The queen backed up, but she was tired, and afraid of Apista’s vitality. Lyonette watched, her heart squeezing.
