6.08
Page 2
The Human smirked. But she was proud all the same, and Apista felt it. Even if proud to Apista only translated into—the hive is big, there is much honey, we shall not starve. But pride Lyonette felt, because Mrsha was talking.
Sort of. Mrsha was mute. She’d been born that way, and for that reason she’d been abandoned as a child by her true parents. She had been raised by the Stone Spears tribe who had treated her as…well, a handicapped child, but one of their own nonetheless. But it meant that while they’d taught Mrsha what every Gnoll child living in a tribe must learn—how to help with chores, what to do not to interfere with the adults, and so on—they had never thought to do more.
But Lyonette had. And so had Erin. The [Innkeeper] had no grasp of sign language from her world—but she knew it existed, and she’d played chess with more than a few people who had spoken to her through sign language, interpreters, and the game itself. And Lyonette was simply intelligent, and had understood that language wasn’t a sole thing—even if this world had only one true language that everyone spoke.
So Mrsha had begun coming up with her own way of speaking. Encouraged by the two, she’d developed some simple signs over the last few days, since Erin had told them about her true origins and shared some of the knowledge of Earth with them. She could say she was hungry—two pats on the stomach, one was pain if she held it there—or that she needed to go to the bathroom. A quick twirl with arms spread, to indicate running around and needing a place to go.
Some of the ways Mrsha had chosen to communicate had Erin and Lyonette in stitches because they were original. Others were heartfelt.
Sadness to Mrsha wasn’t miming tears running down the face, or an expression. It was two tiny paws clasped together, and then drifting apart. Sadness. A thing broken, gone forever. Destruction. Desolation.
Nothingness.
But today Mrsha was happy. She didn’t need a sign for that. Her wagging tail said it all. Mrsha had combined Human sign language with Gnollish tells. Her ears and face and tail could do as much talking as her paws, and both Erin and Lyonette had long ago learned up to pick up on the signs. It also meant older Gnolls could understand Mrsha quite easily once they learned a few of her words.
Mrsha patted her leg urgently. Hurry up! Lyonette groaned and put her legs out of bed.
“Alright, alright. I’m getting up. Don’t you dare open that door until I have my clothes on, understand?”
Mrsha sighed through her nose, but she waited as Lyonette put on some clothes. Mrsha was technically naked, but she had fur on, and Gnolls really didn’t wear much in the way of clothing even when they were adult. A Gnoll could walk around with barely more than a breast band and loincloth and males just the cloth and not attract much attention—at least, from most. Drakes and Humans on the other hand were more prudish.
True, City Gnolls were pickier about their garb and Lyonette had met a few Gnolls who went around fully dressed. But Mrsha hated shirts, hated pants more, and had hid both cute hats that Erin had bought for her in the stove. So Lyonette dressed herself and no one else. In the meantime, Mrsha tossed up Apista and raced around the room after her.
The bee named Apista had no concept of plans, or the complicated futures that Mrsha and Lyonette envisioned. But she had learned this new schedule, and she knew what was coming next. So like Mrsha she was prepared to eat. And she could sense that intention from her…other hive member. Or was it her queen? No. Her…master?
