6.08
Page 19
“On the other hand, severe offences are much less lenient. Depending on the severity, the least of the punishments employed will be exile. Sometimes exile with a hand or tail removed depending on the city. Thereafter a criminal is marked; if they commit an offence of similar severity in another city, they are put to death.”
Practically the definition of Drake law, at least in general. Zevara had never heard anyone quote it at her, at least, no one who wasn’t a Drake. She stared at Lyonette.
“And you know that how?”
The young woman, no [Barmaid], shrugged nonchalantly.
“I studied Drake law at one time. I never thought it would be useful. I’m well aware that the second time I break the law, I could be put to death.”
Studied where? But Zevara bit her lips on the question because she didn’t think she’d get an answer. She studied Lyonette, and realized the girl was moving towards a point. So, intrigued, she bit the bait.
“That is the law as described by most city-states. However, the implementation is hardly so strict. If you returned to stealing, I doubt I’d request the death penalty for that. In another city, perhaps. But your exile was also due to the Gnoll’s outrage at the time.”
“I understand that too. I’m not disputing it. But as I said, I was let back into the city without paying any fine. I’d like to redress that error.”
It took Zevara a second to work this out. Then her eyes narrowed.
“You want to pay the damages you caused?”
“That’s right.”
Lyonette met her eyes. The Watch Captain drummed her claws on the table.
“And just what would you like in return? No, wait—I think I get it now. You want your things back, don’t you?”
She could have just come out and said it. But from the way Lyonette smiled, slightly, with a polite twist to her lips that gave nothing away, Zevara felt like Lyonette had maneuvered her into making the connection. Quite adroitly too.
If she’d just come out and said she wanted to buy her old things, what would Zevara have done? Thrown her out. But if you looked at it like repaying your debts to the city…
“You took the artifacts I had on my possession at the time. That’s standard procedure as part of recouping costs. But I’m fairly certain none of them have worked for you, have they?”
Zevara frowned. She could barely remember the minutiae of her job, but she was organized, so she yanked open a drawer and paged through the Watch’s reports of miscellaneous objects in their possession. She found the piece of parchment, yanked it out, and studied it.
“Those artifacts? Between all the incidents plaguing Liscor, they weren’t exactly on the top of our list, but I recall…ah yes. They were almost all drained of mana, and the others seemed to be locked, due to keyword or some other nature of the enchantment. We were keeping them to have a Wistram [Mage] look at them when they checked the enchantments on our walls.”
“So you still have them. I’d like to pay my fine, and reclaim my items.”
Zevara looked at Lyonette. As she recalled, the girl had owned artifacts that not only gave her the [Invisibility] spell, but had allowed her to throw webs and even [Fireballs] among other things. Those were powerful artifacts.
“Why should I entertain that idea? You barged into my office, you’re a former [Thief], and those artifacts are quite valuable.”
“If you can use them. If not, they’re useless. You’d pay a [Mage] more money than it’s worth to uncover their secrets, believe me. And as I said, there must be law. My exile being commuted aside, if I pay my fine, I should be entitled to the confiscated goods, shouldn’t I?”
