6.08
Page 8
She got up and walked over to Apista, picking the bee off the window. Apista didn’t resist. Erin eyed Apista as Mrsha tried to teach her the new word.
“…Is she trying to fly upside down?”
“I think so?”
To Lyonette, Apista’s mind was a distant thing. She could sense if the bee was hungry, in pain, or so on thanks to their [Lesser Bond] skill, but that was about it. Right now she was getting…something approaching static from Apista’s mind. It happened surprisingly often. Lyonette assumed Apista just wasn’t thinking that much.
“Well, that’s bees for you. Must be nice. That’s a nice word, Mrsha! Tracking. Got it! I’ll remember. And you can ‘track’ me down if I’m late. I’m off to Pallass! See ya!”
Erin waved at the others and walked through the magic door. Numbtongue was already gone for the day. That just left Lyonette, the adventurers who’d come downstairs and into the inn, and the hired help. Mrsha padded over to Ishkr and tugged on his leg. She was determined to teach everyone her new word.
“Mrsha, don’t—well, okay. But don’t bother Ishkr if he’s busy, got it?”
Lyonette sighed as the Gnoll [Waiter] obligingly bent down to learn Mrsha’s word. Some of the other adventurers looked up; they were playing dice and waiting to change places with the Halfseekers, who were lugging the door north.
“—Not even at Celum yet. Why don’t we hire a carriage and speed the process?”
Halrac was grunting to Dawil. The Dwarf shrugged as he rolled some dice in a cup.
“You in a hurry, lad?”
“I’m older than you are.”
“And I’m a Dwarf. I get to call Humans ‘lad’ and ‘lass’. Besides, the slow pace means we can take jobs around the door if we want.”
Halrac grimaced.
“True. Esthelm has hunting missions. It’s just—”
“Too good for Bronze-rank requests?”
The Dwarf grinned, teasingly. The [Scout] almost smiled.
“I was going to say that killing too many animals would hurt their [Hunters]. Roll the dice, will you?”
“I will, as soon as we put up some money on this. How’s five coppers sound? Hey, pointy ears! You want to get on this? And no cheating like last time, or…”
All seemed well. Lyonette looked at Ishkr. He was managing a pair of Gnoll workers today.
“You can handle watching Mrsha for a few hours?”
“Yes, Lyonette. Honored Krshia is busy at work, and I think she will be fine here. One of us can let her run about outside now the undead are gone. Although I think she is content here.”
Ishkr was referring to Mrsha wandering over to Typhenous and Revi. They were talking magic, and the Gnoll was content to listen to them—or sit on Moore’s lap when he was relaxing. Lyonette nodded.
“I’ll be back, then. To Celum first. Remember, every ten minutes, and keep—”
“—the door attuned to Numbtongue’s stone. I understand.”
Ishkr patiently nodded. Lyonette smiled sheepishly.
“Thank you!”
She put Apista back on the windowsill. The Ashfire Bee lay there, content with the world, or so Lyonette vaguely felt. The [Princess] shook her head. She stepped over to the magic door, envying Apista’s simple way of being. She on the other hand wasn’t always so happy. Even though Erin had given Lyonette run of the inn, the job wasn’t always easy. Especially when Lyonette thought about money coming and leaving the inn.
True, they were a thousand gold coins richer from the Redfang Goblin’s gift. But the third floor and Bird’s tower were still gone. Adventurers made up their small day-to-day earnings and the new staff required pay too. Lyonette had big plans, so she needed big business. Which meant the Players of Celum had to come back and start putting on huge shows.
