6.08
Page 26
“—what was it you wished to discuss, Miss Lyonette? The restoration of the inn? I have bookmarked a time for Belgrade to lead some Workers in reconstructing the third floor and Bird’s tower later this week.”
“You have? I’m very grateful, Klbkch, but I was actually hoping to modify the inn. I know the Antinium are busy—”
But not with what. Pawn, the one day he’d come to the inn to speak with Erin and sit quietly while Lyonette held his hand, had just said that every Worker and Soldier was involved in some kind of project. Klbkch’s face revealed nothing of what that might be, so Lyonette hurried on.
“—but I’d really love even a small team of Workers to get started. I have designs?”
She hopefully dug around in her belt pouch and showed Klbkch some of her sketches. Relc peered over Klbkch’s shoulder.
“Ooh. That looks good! I think. Why’s it look all funny?”
“Because they are a [Builder]’s blueprints. Not a sketch. I believe I should also call you a fool. Fool.”
Klbkch studied the blueprints Lyonette had worked up. He looked up and nodded slowly.
“I am impressed, Miss Lyonette. These blueprints are slightly inaccurate, but I understand what you intend by them. Were you trained as a [Builder] of some kind?”
The look he gave Lyonette said plainly that he knew she was not. She smiled sweetly at him. Klbkch was far harder to deal with than Zevara. Lyonette knew how to deal with an officer like Zevara. But Klbkch? Unreadable, different culture. No guessing at his true emotions.
“I read a few blueprints in the past. What do you think? Can it be done?”
Klbkch studied the diagram.
“Hmm. Extensive landscaping. And stone? I am offering Erin a discount on Antinium services, but even the cost of purchasing the raw materials will be somewhat expensive, Miss Lyonette. Does the inn have the funds?”
“I…think it does? But I was also hoping that I could pay you and negotiate repayment depending on the costs.”
Lyonette was banking on Klbkch’s relationship with Erin. The Antinium hesitated, and then his mandibles opened. He made a soft clicking sound almost like a sigh.
“I believe that would be acceptable. Still, you are correct that the Hive is busy. The Painted Antinium will resume patrols, but deployment of Workers outside the city will require either Pawn, Belgrade, or Anand to supervise. I will direct Pawn to meet with you tomorrow if he is…recovered. Will that be suitable?”
“Very much so. Thank you, Klbkch.”
He nodded to her.
“No thanks are needed. I am merely performing my duty as a [Guardsman]…and as a Revalantor of the Hive, apparently.”
Lyonette smiled and stepped back. She heard Klbkch call out to the crowd.
“Next? I am on duty for two more hours. If anyone has concerns you may address them to me or Senior Guardsman Relc—”
Everyone flooded around Klbkch, ignoring Relc. The Drake fished out a pouch of buttery popcorn and chortled to himself, content to eat the greasy fast food that had partially invaded Liscor. Klbkch was left alone as anxious people came to ask him questions.
Lyonette smiled as she saw him bending to address a little Gnoll who’d lost something. She heard another quiet sigh as she departed.
 
—-
 
The bug thing was gone. Only when Lyonette was far away did Apista stop trying to dig herself deeper into the Lyonette’s pockets. She was sure, sure, that the bug-thing had noticed her.
