6.08
Page 17
The command was mental and verbal. Apista felt it telling her to not fly about and cause a scene and stick to Lyonette. It was a powerful order, as if Lyonette were Apista’s queen of the hive. But the Ashfire Bee’s instincts were awakened by Lyonette’s anger and Apista wanted to sting something.
And yet…maybe it was the faerie flower nectar, or being so close to Lyonette. But Apista understood in a flash that this wasn’t a time for her stinger. Or rather, not her stinger. Because someone had kicked Lyonette’s hive, and the young woman was about to unveil her sting. So the Ashfire bee clung to Lynette’s shoulder as the [Princess] got up, marched over to the Gnoll at the desk, and asked where the toilet was.
 
—-
 
“Watch Captain Zevara?”
The Drake woman was writing at her desk, sorting through reports when the door opened. There was no knock, and no one announced themselves, as was customary of any [Guard]. Zevara looked up, already scowling, and opened her mouth to roar at whomever it was. She stopped as she saw it wasn’t one of her people, but a Human who opened the door and stepped into the room.
“What in the name of scaled rats—who let you in here?”
Zevara rose behind her desk. She recognized Lyonette of course. And she’d decided not to see the girl as soon as her desk-guardsman had told her the Human wanted an appointment. So seeing Lyonette in person made the Watch Captain even unhappier.
“How did you get in here? This is a restricted area!”
No one was supposed to just walk into a Watch Captain’s office. Lyonette shrugged, looking around. She had huge bee on her shoulder, waving its antennae at Zevara. But if the Drake let that slow her down, she’d never have survived Erin.
“I walked upstairs when the person at the desk wasn’t looking. When people on the second floor stopped me, I told them Erin sent me.”
“You what?”
Zevara nearly spat fire in disgust. She was going to smack at least a dozen heads down there. One [Innkeeper] could not do as she pleased! True, if there was anything that would qualify as an emergency, Erin Solstice could probably qualify. But this was ridiculous!
“If someone’s dead, or we’re under attack, or there’s a disaster about to happen—”
“There’s not. This is personal business.”
“Then get out.”
Lyonette stayed put.
“I was told you were busy. So am I. I won’t take up much of your time.”
Zevara felt heat rising in her chest. She fought down the instinct to flame, but some smoke still escaped as she glared at Lyonette.
“You think you can just walk in here and demand to talk to me?”
“Yes I do.”
That threw Zevara for a second. She stared at Lyonette. For a moment she debated shouting for someone to kick the girl out. But she had a feeling that might lead to Erin Solstice marching through her door in an hour. Rather than take that risk, she sat down, steepled her claws together, and glared at Lyonette, wishing she had [Evil Eye] as a Skill.
“Start talking.”
“I’ll have a seat, thank you.”
Lyonette walked forwards and calmly sat in the chair across from Zevara. Again, the Watch Captain blinked. She didn’t have a Skill that allowed her to use aura powers like a Wall Lord, but even without one, she’d mastered her hostile presence skill, as most busy people did. But Lyonette ignored the atmosphere as if it didn’t exist. In fact, she seemed…
