6.08
Page 16
“You can…I’ll send up a request. But ah, she’s usually busy. If this is a minor matter, I or another [Guardsman] on duty could help you out, Miss…?”
“Lyonette. And no, I’d like to speak to the Watch Captain.”
The Gnoll frowned dubiously, but with a sigh, and another look at Apista, he got up and walked up the stairs to the second floor of the barracks. He came back a few moments later and shook his head.
“She’s busy. If she has time, she’ll hear your request. Please take a seat.”
Lyonette’s spirits fell, but she did find a seat. The barracks were full of activity—people coming in, Drakes or Gnolls being charged or paying fines, other [Guards] doing paperwork or chatting—it only occurred to Lyonette after a moment that the Gnollish [Guardsman] at the desk had omitted an important detail.
“Excuse me.”
He looked up and sighed.
“Yes?”
“How long did Watch Captain Zevara say I’d have to wait?”
The Gnoll frowned. He was scribbling on something on the desk, with the air people had of something quite important. Since Lyonette could see the nude sketch he was doing of a Gnoll (not much different from a regular sketch, honestly), she wasn’t impressed. The [Guardsman] covered the paper with one paw and spoke briskly.
“She didn’t say, Miss Human. Watch Captains are very busy individuals. If you have a concern, I can redirect it to a Senior Guardsperson. However, for Watch Captain Zevara…”
“I see.”
“Please have a seat. I will let you know if Watch Captain Zevara wishes to see you. If you’d like, I can schedule you for a formal appointment.”
“And when would that be?”
“Watch Captain Zevara would have to make the determination. But perhaps later this week? Next week?”
Lyonette stared at the Gnoll. He stared back, the picture of helpful unhelpfulness.
“And will she have time for me today if I wait?”
“Maybe? It depends on—”
“Watch Captain Zevara. I see. Thank you.”
Lyonette went back to her seat. The Gnoll sighed in relief, muttered something about crazy Humans, and went back to his artwork. Lyonette sat very still as Apista crawled up the side of her face. A passing Drake, clearly hung over, walked past Lyonette, burping, and did a double-take. He pointed at her, laughed, and Lyonette remembered what she’d told herself.
Don’t be rude. Don’t be old Lyonette.
And then Apista started licking the sweat off the side of Lyonette’s face. Another Gnoll, younger, female, clearly new to her job, walked up. She hesitated.
“Miss Human? Do you know there’s a bee on your face?”
Lyonette looked up at the helpful Gnoll. Then she snapped.
 
—-
 
Apista’s faerie flower induced trip was slowly fading from her system. The bee had stopped believing she could make weird sounds with her mouth like Lyonette did, and stopped believing the sky was giving her sage advice. She was still muddled however, but she’d found Lyonette and she could sense the young woman’s emotions quite clearly as she clung to her face.
Exasperation, impatience, worry, guilt, more worry, and then…anger. It came from Lyonette, thorns amid flowers. Apista froze as the [Princess]’s turbulent emotions, came to a boiling point in the guard house. The anger was red hot and blossomed like flames. Instinctively Apista fanned her wings, but a hand caught her before she could fly and present her stinger to everything and everyone in the room as a warning sign.
“Stop.”
