6.08
Page 28
And then Apista spotted the cave where Lyonette was heading towards and she sensed them there. And they sensed her.
 
—-
 
It had been a long time since Lyonette gathered Ashfire Bee honey. A long time. No, only a month and a bit, right? The rains and floodwaters had stopped her, but it had barely been a month, hadn’t it? Why, just forty days ago she’d been in this cave, okay, maybe fifty days. Sixty? Sixty days, maybe, and she’d been at the mouth of this cave, ready to harvest honey and jelly and Ashfire Bees like it was nothing.
Only, it wasn’t nothing. Lyonette knew that. She could pretend it was easy, that she’d gotten used to it—and she had in a way—but the tension never left. As Lyonette prepared the small fire and the faerie flowers she’d gathered, she felt her hands shaking.
She made them stop, but the fluttering in her stomach wasn’t so easy to control. She was going to raid an Ashfire Bee nest for honey. And that wasn’t something you said lightly.
Ashfire Bees. Apista was clinging to Lyonette’s head, the size of two hands joined together. A little bit bigger, actually. The average Ashfire Bee was ‘only’ as big as a hand, or a hand and a half if you had smaller hands like Lyonette. That made them the biggest, nastiest, and deadliest bee, wasp, or hornet that Lyonette had ever encountered.
Their stingers wouldn’t just hurt, they could put out an eye forever. And the venom they pumped could kill you quite, quite dead. There were thousands in a hive. Lyonette had seen them. Each time she gassed the hive she’d cut into it and pull out a wall of honey, larvae, and see the bees, sleeping, fallen on the floor…
The hive filled the back of the cave the Ashfire Bees laired in. It was deadly to trespass there, regardless if you were an animal, monster, or adventurer. Lyonette imagined that even bears wouldn’t be able to steal Ashfire Bee honey. Okay, maybe a magical version of a bear like a Mossbear. But even so.
There was a…thrumming to the cave as Lyonette built the fire of dry wood and kindling. That made her heart skip several beats. The hive was awake. Last time she’d done this, hadn’t it been quiet? They’d been hibernating.
“But they’re probably not active yet, right? And if they are, so what? The smoke gets them even on the wing. It’s fine. Just light the fire and fan the smoke, Lyonette. Fine.”
The [Princess] whispered to herself. She remembered her first failed attempted with just fire and not the soporific faerie flowers. Bees, hurtling themselves into the snow like the ‘bullets’ that Erin had described in her stories. The buzzing—them killing a Rock Crab. Imagine how fast she’d die if they—
Lyonette realized she’d stopped building the fire. She shook herself. She could always back out. No, she’d told Erin she’d do this and she would. She could! More importantly, Ashfire Bee honey was worth a lot of money! She could sell this, claim some of it as her own money, and get her artifacts back. Imagine what she could do with them? Zevara had no idea what they could really do. Lyonette had wasted half their charges just getting to Liscor. If she had even the Cloak of Balshadow—
Control your fear. Be brave. Be a new Lyonette. You started it here when you raided the hive the first time. You can do it.
