6.08
Page 24
“To a point. But only beasts, I think. A truly intelligent creature, say, a Unicorn, if one existed, might not qualify as a beast but person. And some animals grow truly smart, but I have never met one I thought I could carry a conversation with. They were only able to grasp a bit of nuance, learn to perform small tasks. If they had more potential, they would not be animals, yes?”
“True. So is Apista a pet, or something I can’t control?”
Elirr studied the Ashfire Bee.
“She has not stung me, which is a positive. Have you any Skills with her?”
“Uh…[Crimson Stinger] and [Lesser Bond].”
“Ah. Then I would not worry. The [Beast Master] who took the Creler could not bond with it. A bond denotes trust between master and animal. If you have it, she will obey most things, even if she does not understand. What she becomes depends on you.”
That reassured Lyonette. She smiled and thanked Elirr, and traded for his cat while he stroked Apista’s back and checked her over. She left a few minutes later as Elirr bade her farewell. He declined to accept payment, but left her a bit of advice.
“If you wish to tame this bee, I might suggest giving it a purpose, even if that purpose is only to be loved. I raise the dogs to be either companions or war hounds. Either suits, depending on the nature of the dog, and they can be shaped by lessons and Skills. But they must have purpose, or to what reason do we tame them?”
That was true. Lyonette looked at Apista. She felt guilty, remembering how she left the bee to its devices or to play with Mrsha so often. If she should carry Apista around or have her on a leash or some kind—both ideas were fairly ridiculous—or she needed to let the bee…be a bee. And how did you do that? Lyonette didn’t know, but she resolved to find out.
 
—-
 
Before she left the city, Lyonette made one last stop, and this one was happy chance. She’d been intending to wait for Pawn to come by, although she feared he was still in mourning, but she saw a gathering of Drakes and a few Gnolls at an intersection and stopped to see what was happening. Then she spotted a familiar burly Drake and an Antinium, distinct because he had only two arms and slimmer frame, as well as twin silvery swords, at the center of the gathering.
“Excuse me. Pardon me. I have business with that Antinium.”
Lyonette tried to force her way towards Klbkch, but she was rebuffed. A [Princess]’s haughtiness got her pretty far with Zevara, but there are some who generate their own natural egos that could resist even a [King]’s presence. She ran up against one such individual now in the form of an older Drake with slightly faded orange scales.
“We all have business with that Antinium, young Human. So wait your turn!”
She shook a claw in Lyonette’s face. The [Princess] backed up a step and Apista fanned her wings. Lyonette soothed the bee and looked at the Drake.
“My apologies, Miss…?”
The Drake harrumphed.
“Elissa Slipscal, Miss. Not Slipscale—that’s a fault many Humans make! Now, if you don’t mind? I’m protesting to Senior Guardsman Klbkch about the rent.”
She turned back to Klbkch, who was writing and listening to the other Drakes and Gnolls. Relc hesitated, then waved at Lyonette when he saw her. She waved back, then directed her attention to the discussion. Predictably, Elissa Slipscal’s was the loudest voice.
“The rent’s gone up another four coppers this week! Four coppers! On top of last month’s rise? It’s nearly doubled what it was when I first moved here! Honest Drakes can’t afford to keep the rent rising, but did that [Landlord] listen?”
