6.08
Page 14
An accusatory claw was pointed at Lyonette. She flushed as all eyes turned towards her. The two [Shopkeepers] mentioned gave Lyonette dark looks. Lism, still spitting outrage, pointed at Lyonette.
“Well? What do you have to say for yourself? Nothing? Just like a Human! First your kind attack our city with Goblins, and now—”
“Shut up, Lism! No one wants to hear it. I came here to buy fruits, not hear you spray.”
A passing Drake shouted, annoyed. Lism turned his wrath on the Drake.
“Oh yes? And where were you when the Humans were throwing rocks at our gates? Waiting to welcome your Human friends with open arms?”
The Drake glared and opened his mouth. Not coming up with a response, he went with a simpler option and turned his claw into a fist.
“Shut it. Or I’ll shut that mouth for you.”
“Oho? You and what Humans? Got an army of fleshbags with you?”
“That’s it—”
Lyonette slunk away from the argument towards Krshia’s stall. The two Drakes were shouting at each other. Lyonette’s ears were crimson as Krshia waved her closer. The Gnoll bared her teeth, her eyes flashing as she looked at Lism.
“Pay no notice, Lyonette. He’s been angry since someone tried to drown him in the baths. And angrier still since half the city thinks it’s a pity whoever did it didn’t finish the job.”
“I—thank you.”
The [Princess] felt her cheeks redden. She looked at Lism. He was getting jeered on as the Drake on the ground challenged him to leave his stall and take a few swings, but there were a number of people still glaring daggers at her. Her and Krshia. Mostly Drakes, but a few Gnolls too.
“Has he been like this all the time?”
Krshia grimaced and dug at her ear. Lyonette realized she’d packed some wax in there as makeshift earplugs.
“All of yesterday, the day before, and today. The Watch warned him twice to keep it down, but he’s argued they’re showing favoritism since they didn’t investigate who tried to drown him. So they’re letting him waste his breath. I wish I could say that I had the same hopes, but that’s the price of healing and stamina potions, no?”
She grimaced. Lyonette nodded. She glanced back at Lism.
“He’s right. But wrong. I was let back into the city, but I didn’t ask for it. Zel intervened on my behalf. And it wasn’t us who led the Goblins here. Erin fought the Goblin Lord’s army.”
Krshia nodded. The Gnoll knew everything Lyonette was saying, but the [Princess] had to say it again. Just to hear it and not what Lism was shouting.
“It is a fact most Gnolls know, Lyonette. And we have settled our debts. Ignore Lism—he speaks because he cannot act. And those who listen reveal themselves. Myself, I just wish I had better earplugs.”
She offered Lyonette a toothy grin. The young woman half-smiled. She wished she could shout all those things back at Lism. But she had no ground to stand on. She had burned down Krshia’s shop and stolen from half the shops on this street. Every time she came here she did feel their gazes on her. But she hoped she could rectify that today.
“I’m not staying long. But can you add some sugar to my delivery list for tomorrow?”
“Hrr. Of course. How much?”
“Um. Make it a big sack. I know it’s pricey—”
Krshia waved that away.
“Not so much now that the siege is lifted and spring begun, yes? One of the [Merchants] already made it from Celum. His goods were pricey, but the prices will already go down. Sugar is expensive since it comes from Baleros, but there are no wars there to drive up the price either.”
“Lucky for us, hrm?”
Krshia blinked, and then laughed at Lyonette’s imitation of her way of speaking.
