6.08
Page 34
“Lead on. And I swear, if this is another spell coming from that damned inn, or someone on the road—”
His tongue froze in his mouth as he spotted the ball of flame blasting across the Floodplains. It was huge, larger than any fireball. The junior [Guard] gulped when he saw it.
“Uh—I didn’t see that. I only saw two flames—”
“Beilmark! Get over here! Guardsmen, ready up!”
Jeiss turned and roared, scaring the junior guardsman. Beilmark’s magazine went flying as she leapt to her feet. Across the wall, other [Guards] looked up. Some of them grabbed their weapons and turned their attention towards Jeiss. The smarter, older ones, directed the rookies to look ahead. You never knew what was coming from behind.
“What is it?”
The Drake just pointed the fireball out to his partner. Beilmark swore, a growling Gnoll epitaph.
“Is that…a [Fireball] spell? It’s way too large to be one. Some kind of spell?”
“It can’t be! Look how long it’s lasting! And it’s…turning? Ever see a [Fireball] do that?”
It was true. The ball of flame looked like it was following something. Jeiss’ eyes narrowed. It was hard to see from all the light, but it looked like a tiny speck of fire was detached from the fireball. Every time it turned or changed direction, the fireball changed to follow it.
“What in the name of the Walled Cities is that?”
And then the little flame darted up towards the walls. Jeiss’ eyes widened. He turned and shouted.
“Incoming! Brace, brace!”
The [Guards] on the walls raised their shields and hunkered beneath the battlements. The pink Drake was frozen until Beilmark dragged him down. Jeiss hunkered behind the stone, but his head was half-risen. He saw the fireball flying at him, then turning upwards to follow that speck of fire. And then it shot past the walls in a blast of heat. And Jeiss saw what was inside the fireball.
“Bees?”
Thousands of them. They were swarming, following one bee as it shot across the city. The angry bees’ wings were like thunder, but the terrifying thing were the flames each one was emitting. Jeiss stared as the buzzed past a rooftop. Thank the Ancestors that they weren’t dropping sparks. Then he saw them blast towards him again and ducked. The fireball zoomed back over the wall and down across the floodplains. And that little bee was still flying.
For a moment after they’d gone, Jeiss could only stare. Then he got to his feet and shouted.
“Aw, hells. Ashfire Bees! Everyone off the walls! Remember your drills! Full body armor only! Get an adventuring team!”
Beilmark was already shouting the same. The [Guards] evacuated the walls. Their armor and training was little good against bees. Someone was hitting the bell, warning the city. It wasn’t an attack warning, but it was a ‘get indoors’ warning. Jeiss waited, heart pounding, hoping Zevara or Olesm or Ilvriss would get here soon. But his eyes kept turning back to the little bee flying ahead of the others. And he thought of a Human girl with a bee on her shoulder he’d seen in the barracks that morning.
“Beilmark. You don’t think—”
Her teeth were bared.
“—that this is an Erin Solstice event? Yes! I do! Why can we not have one day when something doesn’t threaten Liscor?”
Jeiss hesitated.
“I was going to say, do you think the weirdness is spreading? And second—is this a threat? Or is this the coolest race you’ve ever seen in your life?”
Beilmark and the junior [Guardsman] looked at him in silence. Beilmark stared at the fireball, at the little bee, and then reached into her belt pouch.
“Five silver says the little bee escapes.”
