6.08
Page 10
Lyonette muttered to herself. The man with the wheelbarrow gave her an odd look. Lyonette gave him a strained grin and he decided to cross the street to the other side. The [Princess] shook her head.
It had just been a slip of the tongue. But it was a good reminder. She couldn’t be old Lyonette. Not bossy, not stuck-up. She had to be nice, and friendly, a good [Barmaid], a helpful friend…
Perfect. Meek, unassuming, content to be a [Barmaid]. And that was something Lyonette didn’t enjoy either. She’d loved running Erin’s inn without Erin. Being a host, being in charge.
Being a [Princess]. Pawn had shown her that. She didn’t want to be just in the background, but the old her had been a nightmare. So where was the compromise?
Lyonette shook her head. She felt more and more like the old her, sometimes. It was her [Princess] class reminding her. That was why she’d volunteered to run Erin’s inn while the [Innkeeper] went on a semi-vacation. She’d wanted the job, wanted the power. She had so many ideas…
At last, Lyonette came to the large storehouse that had been converted into the base for the Players of Celum. It was, of course, locked, and usually had a pair of hired [Guards] lounging about the front to prevent fans of the Players from breaking in and watching the [Actors] at work.
They weren’t here today. Which was curious. And slightly worrying. Lyonette hesitated, and then knocked hard on the door. She waited impatiently for a few seconds, knocked louder, and waited some more.
“Maybe they’re out?”
Lyonette wondered if she should do the Erin thing and push her way into the storehouse. But was that too bold? Too rude? Too much like old Lyonette? Because she wanted to. She knocked a third time, and then put her hand on the door’s handle. She was about to yank the door open when someone pushed from inside.
“Whoops!”
The young woman sprang back. She saw an unfamiliar face appear in the doorway. A young man, with a painted face. An [Actor]. He wasn’t one Lyonette recognized by name, but she’d seen his face in some of the plays. She blinked at him and he blinked at her. Then his eyes widened.
“Miss Lyonette?”
“Uh—Temile?”
The [Actor] nodded. He pushed the door open and beckoned Lyonette in.
“Come in, come in! I didn’t expect to see you today! Apologies—we were practicing and we barely heard—is Miss Erin alright? Is the inn open at last?”
Lyonette stepped into the storehouse and looked around. The Players of Celum had bought the place with the first of their earnings and turned it into a miniature theatre and dressing room. There were wigs, costumes, fake weapons, a stage to practice on and seat for the ‘veteran’ [Actors] to critique the newbies, a place for Esme and the [Writers] to come up with new material or alter Erin’s plays, and so on. It was a bustling place, or it had been the other two times Lyonette had visited it.
But today the storehouse was almost empty. A dozen people were in the building, three on the stage, the rest watching. There was one person fiddling with the costumes. Lyonette stared around. The Players of Celum was a troupe of over sixty members now! They were the hottest thing since flaming Corusdeer! Where was Wesle? Jasi? Grev, and Esme? Kilkran?
“Temile, where is everyone? Are they performing?”
“Ah. Well, you see—I wish we’d been able to tell you. But what with the siege of Liscor and us not knowing when Miss Erin’d be back, and then the door going dead and—”
Temile was hesitating. His painted face, already supposed to look sad, looked even more apprehensive as Lyonette turned to him.
