6.08
Page 5
“That’s right. Just to see what it’s like. You know, get a feel for the place? Ilvriss is still banned from there and no one else is using the door—those jerks still don’t feel like visiting Liscor. So I’m going through.”
“Okay then. Mrsha will come with me, I suppose. Or visit Krshia?”
Mrsha, sitting at the table and bouncing up and down, waiting for her plate and fork, nodded eagerly. Lyonette smiled.
“And then that only leaves—”
They stared at Numbtongue. He was staring at the eggs and bacon as hungrily as Mrsha. He looked up belatedly and then shrugged—caught himself—and opened his mouth.
“I will go into the mountains. To mine.”
“With the mana stone?”
Erin was anxious. Numbtongue nodded.
“With stone. You’ll check the door?”
He looked at Lyonette. She nodded as well.
“If I’m not here, Ishkr or Drassi will check it every ten minutes. And they’ll have it set to your mana stone by default.”
She nodded to the rotating mana stones that had been installed on the door. There were five now. One for Celum, Liscor, the mana stone that Numbtongue held, a bright purple gem, an orange gem for a door that Griffon Hunt and the Halfseekers used, and Pallass. Erin nodded, smiling.
“We’re adding more mana stones! Hawk just put that stone up in Pallass—I’m still not sure how useful it is since we barely do anything, but I guess it’s convenient for security and stuff. Plus, Ilvriss paid for it so that’s cool by me. But we’ve got two more connections.”
“That door that Griffon Hunt’s helping bring north to Invrisil. And Numbtongue’s personal door.”
Lyonette looked at Numbtongue. He reached into his pouch and showed them the purple gem.
“Have it here. Good way to go from mountains to here.”
“You’re sure you want to go alone? I don’t want you getting hurt.”
Erin looked at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin shrugged.
“Not too dangerous. Just climbing and looking for good spots mostly. Boring. And if I find anything—”
He pointed to the gem. Erin huffed and hesitated.
“Just remember you need a door to get it to work.”
“I will bring one. And mine all day.”
“You sure you just need a pickaxe? What about a shovel? Don’t miners work in teams or something?”
Numbtongue shrugged.
“Probably. But that’s not how Goblins mine. Not how he mined.”
The others fell silent. Apista flew into the kitchen and inspected some bacon grease before resuming her patrol, checking on if anything had changed in her ‘hive’, the inn, while she’d slept. As the sole proper bee, she had to make sure nothing had penetrated the hive and was lurking there. Like…hive beetles. Or spiders. She hated spiders.
“Okay then. I guess that’s our plan for today! Lyonette, the inn’s all yours. Now, let’s get some plates and dig in before the adventurers come by! There’ll probably be at least a few groups. Griffon Hunt’s started eating here every morning, plus the other teams come by to relax…”
Erin clapped her hands. Lyonette helped her get plates, smiling.
“They come here for the good food. You should be happy.”
“Yeah, but all they do is eat, argue, and take turns escorting the door.”
“Well, they are relaxing after the dungeon.”
“Adventurers relaxing means one of them starts causing trouble at some point. Remember when they tried playing baseball again? Right outside the inn? They cracked two windows.”
“Well, they paid for them. And today Ishkr will be here, not Drassi. I can trust him. I’ll be back soon enough, Erin. I’d let someone else get the supplies, but I have other business…”
