6.08
Page 11
“What? Did they start performing at other inns? That’s fine, but Erin’s inn is back open. And we could really use the business…what?”
“You see, Miss Lyonette—and don’t be angry, it’s not my choice! Wesle and the others were talking it over, but we gave Miss Erin our word we wouldn’t put on plays anywhere but her inn. But everyone needs paying for food and families and so on, and we were just sitting there. And then came along an offer—”
“An offer?”
The [Actor] nodded miserably.
“A good one. From Lellisdam.”
Lyonette had never heard the name before. Temile elaborated.
“It’s a big city. Nearly eighty miles north of here. Far from Celum, but it’s one of the bigger cities on the road north.”
“Eighty miles? And they left? Without telling us?”
Lyonette was horrified. Temile winced.
“Well…you were out of touch! There was talk of war with the Drakes, and the [Mayor] of Lellisdam had heard rumors of our acts! He sent us gold as an advance, promised to pay for the entire troupe to come down the road with an escort…there was a huge argument about it. Lots of debates.”
“But in the end, they chose to go?”
Lyonette felt weak at the knees. Temile sighed.
“It weren’t easy, but yes. Jasi wanted to tell Erin, but the offer wasn’t going to sit. So…I’ve got a letter from her to Miss Erin explaining. The Players left for the north. Me and two of the old crew, Damius and Rima, stayed with some of the new recruits. We’ve been sitting here, learning the old plays and living off the funds from the main group. The plan was that if you took a long time to get here we’d train up a new group while Wesle, Jasi, and the others earned money up north. There’s tons of interest in our plays, and no one in the north’s even heard of us yet. There’s a fortune to be made. So…”
“I get it.”
Lyonette spoke flatly. So, the Players had gone. She shouldn’t be surprised. Not really. But she was anyways. And she’d been counting on them to start pulling their old crowds in. Now…Lyonette looked about at the handful of [Actors] and the recruits. One of them was on stage. Lyonette could see him waving his hand about like a boneless chicken. Temile followed her gaze and winced.
“They’re new. But they want to learn, and we’re working on them. Not everyone’s got Kilkran’s voice, or Jasi’s instinct.”
“Can they put on a play? I was hoping we could have you back. But…”
Lyonette stared at the [Actors]. Temile nodded hurriedly.
“Of course! We’re overjoyed to have the inn open. And we’ll put on a performance tonight! Dead gods, this is the time to recruit those Drakes and Gnolls, isn’t it? We might not be able to do as well as Wesle and Jasi, but with time and practice—we’ll draw in some crowds, at least, I’m sure. Why, with a few weeks to get our new group up to speed…”
He faltered a bit as Lyonette looked at him. But all the [Princess] did was nod, and put a fake smile on her face.
“I’m sure Erin will be delighted. And yes, by all means come tonight. There were Drakes and Gnolls interested in joining. I’m sure they’ll be…a real help.”
“We could use more hands. Er, claws, paws, and whatever. So ah, tonight? I’ve got to tell the others if we’re actually going to—I mean, prep them. We’ll do a simple play, I think.”
