6.09
Page 33
The Drake shouted, and then glanced at Erin. He stopped, dead in his tracks and looked her up and down.
“Are you from Liscor? No, wait—are you that Human from Liscor? The [Innkeeper]?”
Erin saw heads turn. Grimalkin wasn’t quiet. She saw Lasica sigh.
“That’s right, Grimalkin. This is Erin Solstice. From Liscor. And please, don’t make a scene—”
Too late. Grimalkin looked Erin up and down and strode over to her. She got the whiff of sweat, and then stared up at a bulging pectoral. She looked up as Grimalkin eyed her.
“So. You’re the Human who led that Goblin army against the Goblin Lord, are you? Charged into battle with nothing but a flag and dared, dared the Goblin Lord to a fight?”
Part of Erin quailed at remembering. But Grimalkin was so loud he was even drowning out her sorrow.
“It wasn’t just me. It was the Goblins. They sacrificed their lives so—”
“But you led them. You were there. And you’re, what, an [Innkeeper]? Any combat classes? Any at all? Magical artifacts?”
“No. No, none. I got some after, I mean, I’m a Level 2 [Warrior] if that counts, but—”
“Testicles!”
Grimalkin bellowed the word over Erin’s head. She jumped. Everybody on earshot, from elderly Drake ladies on the stairs to a Street Runner passing by, turned to stare. The muscular [Mage] turned and shouted back at his apprentices, who were still trying to stand back up.
“Do you hear that? She charged an army of monsters herself! Testicles! You lot can barely get up a flight of stairs!”
The muscle-bound Drake glared at the male Drakes, all of whom were sweating and gulping for breath.
“While this Human—”
He slapped Erin on the shoulder so hard she nearly fell down.
“—has more balls than all of you lot put together! And more of whatever you two have—”
He pointed at the panting female Drake and Gnoll.
“—in her testicles! I’m assured Humans have testicles of some kind.”
He turned back to Erin for a moment as if asking for confirmation. Erin staggered upright.
“I don’t have…testicles.”
Grimalkin digested this for a moment and then turned his head.
“Gonads, then! The point is if an [Innkeeper] can fight with only her brawn and wits against a Goblin Lord and his army, no true [Mage] should be anything less!”
He pointed at the female Gnoll, who was definitely the odd one out.
“You there. You want to become a [Mage]? Prove it! And the rest of you, if this Human can fight a hundred thousand Goblins—”
“It really wasn’t like that—”
“—then you can all do five laps! On me! Miss Human, it was an honor.”
He turned and gasping, his six Drakes and Gnoll apprentices lurched into motion behind him. Grimalkin seemed so pumped up by meeting Erin that he left the others in the dust in a moment. The unfortunate Street Runner who was doing a delivery in the area found the [Mage] running neck-and-neck with him, as if challenging him to a race.
Erin watched Grimalkin disappear behind a building with her mouth open. She only looked around when she heard a wheezing sound. Rufelt was doubled over laughing.
“Don’t be rude, Rufelt.”
But even Lasica was smiling. She took Erin by the shoulder and led her up the stairs. Erin could still hear Grimalkin’s voice echoing back towards them, but it faded as they climbed to the fifth floor. And there, just off the main stairwell was a large bar. No, a tavern. Erin stared up at the sign.
“Tails and Scales, the best bar in all of Pallass!”
Rufelt pushed the door open. Lasica followed him.
“And the best tavern thanks to me. Ignore Rufelt. He’s only good for serving drinks. Have a seat, and…”
