6.09
Page 27
The Dullahan chewed this over. At last, he grudgingly nodded. But he turned to Erin as he did.
“You have my support on condition. [Innkeeper] Solstice. Will you swear that Liscor had no knowledge of these fines?”
He bent down to look at Erin. She gulped but met his eyes.
“Absolutely. I didn’t know, and Watch Captain Zevara didn’t either. Or she would tell me.”
Erin thought she would, at any rate. She hoped Zevara would. Maughin nodded.
“Then I will speak to the others and reach an accord. Although I’m uneasy about opening a door fully to another city, even so.”
Lasica sighed.
“It’s not a full connection, Maughin. That door can barely handle a few travelers per day. After the [Mages] moved the soldiers back from Liscor they were half-dead, and the Assembly requisitioned everyone in the city. Come on, you know this is a good deal. Even if they only let people through, you could get orders from Liscor. The City Watch at least will want to bulk up after the siege.”
The Dullahan was nodding reluctantly.
“True. That might open up business. But I was more concerned about—”
“Done!”
Every head turned as a shout came from the forge beside Maughin’s. Erin heard a low, bass voice and an accent that was half-familiar. Then she saw a short, bearded fellow stumble out of his forge, holding a breastplate. The metal didn’t gleam; it was black with soot or something else, and bits of it flaked off as the Dwarf hurled the breastplate on the ground. But from the pure sound Erin heard as it struck the stone and the way it only flexed a bit at the impact, she was sure it was a sturdy breastplate.
“Pelt.”
Maughin looked over disapprovingly at the Dwarf. The other [Smith], who was shouting back into the forge, looked over. He blinked at the Dullahan.
“Maughin. Taking a break off? Good for you. I’m done as well.”
Erin glanced at the sky. It was barely past morning! Maughin seemed to share the same opinion. He stared at the breastplate lying on the ground.
“You finished your suit of armor?”
The Dwarf, Pelt, shrugged.
“Breastplate. Good enough for me. I’m done for the day. Armor looks good. So we’re done. One of the apprentices can do the engraving and inlays.”
“And if they err?”
There could be no greater sin, clearly. But Pelt shrugged.
“It’s adornment. It doesn’t matter. The steel is sturdy. And I don’t feel like making more. Who’s the Human?”
He pointed a finger at Erin. She smiled and Lasica began to explain. Pelt cut her off with a rude sound.
“I don’t care. Vote whomever you want into your damn seats. So long as the walls don’t come crashing down, leave me out of it.”
Affronted, the Drake glared at him. Rufelt looked resigned. Pelt stomped past them, as a Drake hurried out to collect the breastplate from the ground. Erin stared at the Dwarf’s back as Maughin shook his head and turned, quite deliberately, to talk to Lasica with his back to the Dwarf.
“Who was that?”
Rufelt sighed and shrugged.
“Pelt. A brilliant [Smith], but a lousy worker. An odd combination in someone with high levels. But Maughin probably wishes Pelt would drink himself senseless all the time or sober up and take him on as an apprentice.”
“He’s that good?”
Erin blinked at the Dwarf, who was shouting for an elevator as he rang the bell. He looked unsteady. As if he was already drunk or, alternatively, hadn’t bothered to stop while forging. The Gnoll frowned.
