6.09
Page 24
Rufelt had to shout to make himself heard as Erin followed Lasica towards the third forge. The [Blacksmiths] of Pallass had been given their own quarter near the top of the city and their work spaces had been placed right next to each other. They were sprawling complexes, with anvils, multiple forge fires depending on how big each forging studio was, and rightly so.
Erin could feel the heat of one of the furnaces from here, and she saw a sweating Drake pounding on an orange-white piece of steel. A blade? It was cooling fast despite the heat and she saw him shove it in a furnace filled with coals—and fire—and begin working a pair of bellows.
“Hot steel!”
Someone bellowed. Erin jumped, but she was well clear of the voice. A Drake passed her by, carrying what was indeed a very hot piece of steel. She noticed Rufelt crossing to her other side as he did.
“This is incredible. Look at all those furnaces.”
Erin hadn’t ever seen a [Blacksmith] at work, let alone the dozens within view. Rufelt shuddered.
“Incredible? Yes. But dangerous as well. There’s a reason most of the [Blacksmiths], [Armorers], and apprentices and so on you see are species other than Gnoll.”
He gestured at his fur. Erin eyed him and thought of how fast you could burn yourself when your entire body was covered by hair.
“Yeah I get that. But uh, why are we up here?”
She was still caught up in the flow. Lasica was walking ahead of them, peering at the forges as if looking for someone. She slowed down a bit to explain.
“It’s about the Protectorate.”
“Start from the beginning, dear.”
“Of course. Actually—can you explain it, Rufelt? I don’t know how I would to someone who’s not a Drake.”
“Hm. Yes, allow me. Erin, I believe my wife spoke to you of Pallass’ democracy, right? Are you familiar with the term?”
“Oh, a little bit. Yeah.”
“Good. That saves me much explaining. Well, we elect our ruling body, the Assembly of Crafts, by district. There are hundreds who fill the assembly, but they are not all individuals, yes? You see, there are factions. There are always factions. We elect Senators, but each tend to belong to a party. An affiliation of ideas.”
“Different parties. Different groups. Totally with you.”
Rufelt raised his brows as if to say, ‘really’? But one look at Erin’s face convinced him. Lasica broke in.
“Indeed. Well, of the major groups, there is one that concerns us. The Protectorate has been growing lately. Excuse me—they call themselves the Protectors of the Walls, and take a hard stance on immigration, trade, and so forth. They’ve been popular because their tariffs favor local businesses, but they go too far, at least in some of our opinions.”
She turned and gave a passing Drake a glare, as if to suggest that he was one of the complacent ones. Rufelt chuckled as the accused Drake gave Lasica an odd look and hurried past. She went on calmly.
“We don’t like them, Rufelt and I. But happily, their party took a large blow to their influence after Liscor. Too many people saw them as tail-dragging cowards who could have done more to aid the city. Instead, we cut ties and the entire world saw how few soldiers we sent while every other Walled City and lesser city-state was marching armies north.”
“Wow. So Liscor’s siege had more of an effect on Pallass than I thought.”
Erin looked at the married couple and saw Lasica smile. Rufelt grinned again.
