6.09
Page 26
“Politics. Why are you bringing this onto my forge floor?”
Erin kept staring at him. Maughin eyed her and Lasica. The Drake was cool, and addressed his head calmly.
“We only want you to bring it up with the other [Smiths]. Say, by sundown? You can just send an apprentice over. But you know this is bad for trade.”
“I do. On the other hand, trade flows north regardless of a single door.”
“But through the Blood Fields? You must admit you have few clients as far north as Liscor, and none in Human lands. And here’s a door, only we’ve apparently been deincentivized to use it. Did I mention that no one on Liscor’s side knew of the charge? At least, not the [Innkeeper] herself.”
Maughin’s head turned towards Erin. She froze up. The giant’s head frowned at her.
“Is this true?”
“I—I—how do you do that with your head?”
The man blinked. Lasica stared. And Rufelt, who’d been hanging back, barked with laughter.
“Maughin, you might be the first Dullahan she’s met! Don’t frown so!”
The armored man—no, the Dullahan stared at Erin. Then, slowly, he placed his head back on his shoulders. He spoke slowly.
“Apologies. I did not realize that there were Humans who didn’t recognize Dullahans on sight. Was this…offensive to you?”
Erin noted the small frown and the nudge Lasica quickly gave her. She waved her hands.
“No! Not at all! But I’ve never seen—I mean, I’ve seen people without heads, but they’re normally dead when that happens. I had no idea there were people like…uh. Hi! I’m Erin Solstice.”
She held out a hand. Maughin took it and gave her the lightest of squeezes. Lasica smiled, looking amused.
“Maughin is a Dullahan. From Baleros.”
“Oh.”
Erin finally remembered where she’d heard the word Dullahan before. But she’d never seen a Dullahan or quite understood what a Dullahan was until now. Rufelt and Lasica gave her the condensed version.
“So you can remove heads and limbs? And you wear armor, but you can decorate it? That’s so…so…”
Erin pondered for words. Hermit crab-like? Robot-ish? She settled for a safe bet.
“…cool! I bet there’s all kinds of stuff you can do! Like—do your work and put your head down and read a book! Wait, you can’t flip pages that way. Or…or go swimming with your head above water! But you can’t see that way…”
“Dullahans can sense the area around their bodies. But it is not so convenient. Nevertheless, I am pleased you speak so highly of our abilities. Not all Humans do.”
Maughin was a slow, deliberate speaker. And like Lorent, his face didn’t change as visibly as another species’ might. Erin got the sense that he was quite formal outside of the forge. Lasica jumped into the conversation, then.
“As I was saying, you had no idea of the fee levied on visitors from Pallass, did you, Erin?”
“What? Oh, no. Not at all. And I wouldn’t charge a thing! I only agreed not to ship Runner’s goods through the door. You know, so they wouldn’t go out of work? And merchant’s goods. But visitors are welcome!”
Maughin pondered this. He looked at Lasica.
“So this is a Protectorate bill?”
“Or at least, something the Assembly did under wartime powers that they didn’t inform us about. All perfectly legal, but not exactly fair. This is hardly a measure to save lives, is it?”
“No.”
Maughin looked displeased, but he didn’t spit again. He looked at Lasica and sighed.
“Are you going to bring other guilds into this?”
“At least the [Alchemists] and some of the other businesses. We do good work inside the city, but these tariffs are hurting us all, Maughin. If this needs to be our sticking point to get more support, so be it. What do you say?”
