6.09
Page 5
“It was an unfortunate mistake, Miss Solstice. We neglected to ask for the daily lists from Liscor after the door was reinstated. In truth, we’d mostly overlooked it what with travel being nonexistent between Liscor and Pallass…”
“Because of the Goblin Lord’s army. And the door being stolen. Yeah.”
“Yes. That.”
Venim studied his feet. Erin remembered that the fact that Pallass hadn’t sent a massive army through the door was a sore point with Liscor.
“So. I don’t have a list, but it’s my door and I thought I’d come through. I can go now, right?”
“Not just yet. Miss Solstice—”
“Erin.”
“—Miss Erin, why did you come through to Pallass? Is this a business trip? A social visit or…?”
“Um. I thought I’d look around. I don’t think I’ll stay overnight. I’ll just wander about, head on back through before it gets dark. Maybe see the sights. It’s a big city, right?”
“Wander about?”
Venim stared at Erin. She nodded.
“Yeah. Why?”
She heard a strangled noise from the spear-Drake, who she’d already classified as ‘angry and uptight’ in her head. He glared at her.
“You can’t just wander through that door! It’s a gateway between Liscor and Pallass, not—”
“Guardsman Kel.”
Venim raised a hand and the Drake fell silent. Erin stared at Kel challengingly.
“It’s my door. I can go through when I want. And I can send through anyone I want. That’s the deal.”
“If they’re approved. You are supposed to clear a list with Watch Captain Zevara—”
“Next time I’ll write my name on that list, happy? And I might bring over my [Barmaid]. And her uh, adopted Gnoll kid. Is that a problem?”
Venim stared at Erin. She stared back. She could tell he clearly wanted to snap at her, but he didn’t. Instead, he took a deep breath.
“We’ll send a [Message] to Liscor and work out an approved list of names. For now, let’s consider this an unfortunate misunderstanding. You’re free to go, Miss Solstice.”
“Thanks.”
Erin smiled at Venim. He tried to smile back, but clearly his face wasn’t in it. Erin took two steps to the side as all three Drakes watched her, and then spun casually back to face Venim.
“Oh, and I might be coming through with a Goblin someday. Got a problem with that?”
The Watch Captain was turning to face the two Drakes, both of whom looked uneasy, as if they feared a reprimand. His head snapped back around so fast Erin heard something crick.
“What did you just say?”
Erin stared innocently at Venim. Inside her heart was pounding. So much for slipping that by him.
“Uh. A Goblin. He’s a friend and an employee at my inn. And I think he’d like to see Pallass, so…”
“A Goblin.”
Venim’s voice was flat, and suddenly, without patience. Erin nodded slowly.
“That’s right. A Hobgoblin, to be exact. His name’s—”
“You mean, a monster.”
Erin’s breath caught. She looked at Venim.
“No. I mean a Goblin. He’s allowed n Liscor.”
“What?”
The chorus came from three Drakes and a passing Gnoll woman. She looked around as all three Drakes stared at her. Venim covered his eyes.
“Miss—”
“Excuse me! Didn’t meant to pry, yes?”
The Gnoll hurried down the street. Venim raised a hand as if to stop her, and then whirled on Erin.
“A Goblin is not allowed in a Drake city, Miss Solstice!”
She folded her arms.
“Why not? He’s an adventurer, and he has a pass from Wall Lord Ilvriss, the Guildmistress of the Adventurer’s Guild, several Gold-rank team leaders and Pisces—”
Venim stepped forwards, cutting the rest of Erin’s words off. He pointed at the door, meeting Erin’s eyes with a contained glare.
