6.09
Page 21
“How so?”
He grinned wider, but, Erin thought, with a slight edge.
“Well, to hear them say it, a City Gnoll is a domesticated fool without tribe or loyalty. But I would say that being a City Gnoll means I don’t roll over and bow to tribe loyalty. I am free, not borne into a family of hundreds or thousands who all have connections to me.”
“…There’s a lot to unpack there.”
“Indeed. But that is a difference I would not trouble you with at the moment. In truth, I hoped to speak with you, Erin Solstice. I know your name—”
“From Liscor?”
Erin was suddenly weary and much less happy with meeting Rufelt. He tilted his head.
“Mm. Yes. But not just from there. I heard you were in Pallass, or rather, word spread someone came through the door. So I wished to find out who. And I am pleased I met you, yes? And I think my wife will also be. She is coming and not pleased I found you first.”
He pointed. Erin turned, expecting to see…but what she saw was a female Drake, her scales bright purple, striding down the street. She was around the same age as Rufelt. And, Erin realized, she was the first middle-aged Drake that she’d met. She knew younger Drakes like Embria and Selys, and older ones like Tekshia, but Zevara was around two decades younger than this Drake.
“Ah. There you are, Rufelt. And this is the Human? Erin Solstice? Lasica Feltail. You’ve met my husband.”
“I told you a Gnoll could find a Human faster than any number of Street Runners you paid.”
Lasica turned and gave Rufelt a look that Erin read in two ways. Exasperated, annoyed at his gentle needling. And below it, affection. A complex look that didn’t stop her from turning to slap his shins with her tail.
“Bragging becomes a Drake, not a Gnoll. Anyways, Miss Erin? I will call you Erin, if you don’t mind.”
She held out a hand and Erin found herself shaking it before she knew what she was doing.
“Uh, no. But um, why did you both want to see me?”
Lasica exchanged a glance with Rufelt.
“You mean, why did we want to meet the first person from Liscor since the siege ended?”
“Or why we wanted to meet someone willing to pay Pallass’ fee for entry?”
“Or the fact that it was the Crazy Human Innkeeper from Liscor herself who entered?”
“Wait—hold on. Fee? And wait—do they really call me that?”
Erin looked from Lasica to Rufelt. The Drake tapped her foot, staring at Erin with raised brows.
“Hm. Are you being serious? Yes, they called you that. Do you think you can lead an army of Goblins without earning a name? Let alone the stories I’ve heard of your little inn. Rivers of blood, skeletons as guests, serving Crelers for breakfast—”
“I think she means the fee, dear.”
Rufelt muttered to Lasica. The Drake glanced at him and then turned back to Erin.
“Ah. They didn’t make you pay to enter Pallass?”
“No.”
“Hmf. Well, I suppose a hero of Liscor deserves free entry. But that doesn’t change the fact that we want a word with you about that—”
The Drake woman’s impatient tone was quelled by Rufelt, who put a paw on her shoulder. He murmured as she glanced at him.
“Lasica. I think this is not the time for confrontation. Miss Erin was distraught when I met her.”
For a beat the Drake locked eyes with her husband and Erin saw something invisible pass between them. A thought, perhaps. Then the Drake turned back to Erin.
“Not the time, then. But for later. In truth, we wanted to welcome you to Pallass. From what I heard, Venim and the Assembly gave you a poor welcome last time—and this time as well from the sounds of it.”
“I had a [Greeter] show me around. But about this fee—”
