6.09
Page 3
‘No one uses that stupid thing. I never did. Look, I own the magic door. That means I can go through, okay?”
She pointed at the door behind her. The two Drakes eyed her dubiously.
“Anyone could say that.”
“Anyone? Hello? I’m the [Innkeeper]! Don’t you recognize me? Erin? Erin Solstice? Okay, what about this? I had Hawk the Courier put it back just three days ago.”
“So? Everyone knows that.”
Erin stared at the [Guardsman] with the spear. She exhaled slowly, and then decided to inhale before the tip of the spear tickled her stomach.
“Well—well, okay. But I am who I say I am! Anyone can tell you! In Liscor, I mean. You can open that door and ask—well, okay, it’s dead because someone else is using it, but in a bit it’ll probably be—if you want proof, get…Watch Captain Venim! He knows me.”
The two Drakes hesitated. But Erin had remembered the one name of someone she knew in Pallass. Watch Captain Venim. They exchanged a glance, and the one breathing down Erin’s neck muttered.
“I mean, we’re calling this in, right? Couldn’t hurt.”
“Right. I’ll uh—get a Street Runner?”
“Think it’s worth the paperwork?”
Apparently the spear-wielding Drake didn’t think it was. He hesitated, gave Erin another look—she was giving him a dirty glare—and then lowered his spear and legged it down the street at a brisk pace. Erin turned to face the other [Guardsman]. He had either sheathed his sword or hadn’t drawn it to begin with.
“I don’t have to keep raising my hands, do I?”
He had yellow scales, which went well with the patch on his armor. He was wearing all leather and shrugged.
“I don’t think so. But stay where you are.”
Erin turned to look at the Drakes, some of whom were pointing at her. This wasn’t how she had envisioned returning to Pallass, but, she had to admit, it was consistent with last time. She folded her arms, grumpily.
“And if I don’t?”
“I’ll be forced to draw this sword and stab you.”
Erin eyed the sword in its sheathe. She decided to stay put. She stood there with the Drake as the passerby generally lost interest. All that was except for a couple of Drakes, young, in their teens, who came up.
“Guardsman, who’s the Human? Did she come through from Liscor?”
The Drake [Guardsman] looked embarrassed.
“Watch business. Move along.”
“Aw. But she is from Liscor, right? Are people coming through.”
“Just me for now.”
Erin turned to the Drakes. They blinked at her, looking her up and down as if she was an oddity. But Erin had seen other humans on the street. Wearing armor, sure, but…the [Guardsman] with the sword sighed.
“Ladies…”
“Oh, alright. Spoilsport. Who’re you, Miss Human?”
“Erin!”
Erin called after them. One of the Drakes turned. She was tall and had had red and black scales running in stripes down her body.
“I’m Frasi! This is Oza! Don’t get arrested, Miss Erin! Welcome to Pallass!”
“Thanks! I’ll try! And I’ve been here before!”
Erin waved at their backs. The Drake [Guardsman] made a grumbling sound.
“Please keep quiet.”
“Is that an order?”
She heard him sigh. But no more Drakes approached as now Erin and the Drake were just standing awkwardly by the door. Erin looked about.
The street was wide and flat. Unnaturally so to Erin who was used to Liscor’s cobblestones and dirt roads. But Pallass’ floors were smooth, made of huge squares of stone, like those Erin would see in modern cities. The stone was a light beige, and houses and other buildings lined the open street.
