6.09
Page 23
He turned and gave her a toothy grin.
“Ah, you’ve not ever been in a relationship then. One where you give and take.”
Erin was wondering what he got from Lasica. She looked at the Drake, at Rufelt, and blurted out something boiling on the tip of her tongue. She couldn’t help it.
“I’ve never met a Gnoll and Drake couple before.”
The said Drake and Gnoll stopped in front of the elevator. Lasica pulled a cord absently and a bell rang. Then she turned to look at Rufelt. He met her gaze, and then both turned back to Erin.
“Well, now you have. Have you ridden the floor lifts before, Erin?”
“Uh, yes?”
“You don’t get nervous about heights, do you? There’s no fear of the cables breaking—and if they do, there’s a feather fall enchantment. We use the stairs anyways because the lifts do terrible things for the stomach, but we’re in a hurry and I don’t fancy going two floors up on foot.”
“Oh, I’m fine. But where are we going?”
“To visit the blacksmithing section.”
Rufelt smiled at Erin as the elevator came back up. The Drake with the pink neck spines sighed when she saw Erin. Lasica stepped into the elevator.
“Nine.”
The Drake looked at Erin.
“Which floor, Human?”
Her voice was audibly impatient. Lasica’s head turned slowly. She narrowed her eyes at the elevator attendant and her tail lashed a bit.
“She is with us. Nine.”
The attendant looked at Lasica and Erin saw her quail a bit.
“My apologies. Going up to the ninth floor…”
Erin felt the elevator shoot up, and braced herself. The other occupants were steady on their feet. Rufelt smiled again at Erin and gestured to their rapid ascent.
“Fascinating things, aren’t they? So recent as well! Imagine if we could build a spire, or something straight up like the [Architects] are suggesting? True, it would go over the walls, but could anyone hit such a building if we placed it in the center of the city? And we could use the floor lifts to make a journey from the top to bottom a matter of minutes!”
“It’s a splendid idea. But who’s going to pay for that much stone and enchantments?”
Lasica folded her arms. Rufelt shook his head, but not exactly to disagree.
“It need not be a work of years. It may take decades—”
“Why bother, then? You know it will be fought over for ages by each new assembly. If you do something, do it fast.”
“You just said there’s no money—”
“I asked where the money would come from, not that there wasn’t any to be had.”
“Of course, Lassi.”
Rufelt smiled at Erin. So did Lasica, after a second. The elevator stopped and Lasica marched out.
“A difference of opinion. We often argue about politics.”
“That was a fight?”
Erin stared between Drake and Gnoll. Lasica shook her head.
“Not a very good one. This way. This is the smithing floor, by the way. Ninth. If you ever come looking for someone to forge to anything, this is your stop. But that’s not really your line of work, or ours, is it? The finished products are on seventh along with a lot of shops—”
Erin stepped forwards out of the elevator with Rufelt by her side. Her eyes widened as she felt herself on the top floor of Pallass, besides the battlements. She looked around.
“Whoa.”
The ninth floor was the smallest. At least, in horizontal space. It was a narrow band running around each wall compared to, say, the second floor, but that narrow band was still large enough to support a very large space. So large, in fact, that the first thing Erin saw outside the elevator was a row of outdoor forges. And she could hear a rhythmic clanging of metal on metal coming from one.
“Behold! The smiths of Pallass!”
