6.10
Page 10
Rufelt sighed. Erin’s head swiveled from him to his wife. She felt like she needed to write this all down!
“What’s next, Rufelt?”
“Security? Guests. Hrm…ah, investing money.”
“Right! Security. You want—”
“There he is, officer! Walking around, just like that! Arrest him! It shouldn’t be allowed! There are children on the streets! I don’t care if he’s—”
A loud voice from outside cut the Drake off. She frowned at the door then shook her head.
“Ah. I think I know who that is.”
“Who?”
Erin peered at the door. There were glass windows, and she could see a crowd gathered outside. The loud voice had come from right outside the door, and Erin saw several of Pallass’ [Guardsmen] escorting someone past them. Guardsmen for a reason, as it turned out. Erin saw a figure in the center of them, being pushed forwards. Two of the [Guardsmen] were holding a blanket up, but it slipped and she caught a glimpse of…
“Aw.”
“Dead gods!”
“Hey.”
Erin and Rufelt recoiled, the girl in shock, the Gnoll in disgust. Lasica just raised her brows.
The Drake being arrested was very naked. He had dusky yellow scales, and he was slim. Erin could hear him protesting loudly to the [Guardsmen].
“I just misplaced my clothes! It was an accident! I would have put them on. Eventually.”
The [Sergeant], or whomever was leading the group glared at his ward, making sure only to meet his eyes.
“Yeah, yeah. How many times is this? Come on, you’re spending another night in the cells. Move it along people! Nothing to see here.”
There was a burst of laughter from outside and the [Sergeant] flushed. A female voice—a Gnoll, in fact, shouted loudly.
“There’s everything to see! This is absurd! Disgraceful…”
Erin stared as the nudist Drake was finally taken out of view. She turned to Lasica. She looked amused and resigned. Rufelt was just shaking his head.
“Who was that? Or what was that? No, wait. My question is: is that normal?”
“Only if he’s about.”
Rufelt grumbled to himself. Lasica nodded. With a mix of shame and twisted civic pride, she pointed at the door.
“Erin, that was our resident Named Adventurer who just got arrested. Saliss of Lights. I’d explain, but…okay, security. You want at least a few good [Bouncers], [Guards], or whatever. I heard a rumor you’ve got Hobgoblins working at your inn?”
“I—I did. I only have one now. But hold on, that was—”
“Okay. Well, you want someone. Even if you have Skills, you want someone. That goes for staffing as well. Finding a good support [Barmaid] or [Barkeep], or someone to take up the slack really helps. I suppose it’s less pressing for you since you are an [Innkeeper]—”
“A Named Adventurer? And he’s a stripper?”
“That would imply he normally has clothes. Right. I don’t know if you know this, Erin, but [Innkeeper] is a generalist class in a sense. You see, it’s not like a [Bartender]. Rufelt has some overlap with your job, but his area of influence and tasks are more specialized. So he’ll make far better alcohol than you, but he doesn’t have a skill that affects the entire tavern. Or gives him a stupid field.”
“But I can make some fantastic drinks. And some of them have effects. Like the one I gave you at the start. I can cheer someone up, make a drink that gives energy or knocks someone out, and I can even handle liquids that normal bartenders can’t. For instance, a Level 20 [Bartender] couldn’t even mix that floating drink I gave you.”
