6.10
Page 4
He smiled a bit and played a simple chord, plucking the strings with his long fingers. His nails were untrimmed, but Numbtongue had carefully bit them shorter on his playing hand because it made a better sound. Unlike Drakes, Goblins had something closer to Human fingers. Numbtongue had no idea how a Drake would manage a string instrument with their claws and very reptilian nails. He was impressed Gnolls could play, but then, their paws were actually quite dexterous.
“Hmm. Song. Song…”
Numbtongue stared blankly ahead as he searched for a proper tune. Then he had it. His random strumming became intentional. He began to play a quick, snappy tune. And the sound that came from his guitar changed.
[Electric Chords]. No [Lightning Melody] because Numbtongue didn’t want to call down lightning in the cave, even if he could. But the sound the guitar gave out crackled, and the chords changed to something almost approaching the crackling of thunder.
The silent cave filled with sound as Numbtongue began to play faster. It was a self-taught riff; everything he played was self-taught, actually. He’d learned a number of songs from Erin’s home, but he’d had to come up with the melodies based on her vague humming. Numbtongue played low on the chords, an echoing beat.
He was trying to call on the power of the stone resting on top of the guitar. Numbtongue could see the gemstone glowing, a bright viridian. But was it glowing brighter? Was he calling on the magic?
Time to really play. The Hobgoblin’s fingers danced faster. And a different kind of light began to fill the cave.
Flashes of bright lightning. Sparks of electricity shot from the chords as Numbtongue played them, lighting up the cave in flashes of light. The simple strings flashed with blue lightning, lighting up the guitar. The Rockmites in the area scurried away in alarm.
Numbtongue grinned wildly. The cave rolled with sound for a minute. Then five. His playing reached a fever’s pitch. He began the most complex solo he, knew, and the sound roared. And the gem—
Did nothing. Numbtongue stopped, looking at the blue gemstone with a miffed expression. He prodded it hopefully.
Nothing. Okay. Well, that was a new piece of information. Music was not the answer. At least, music from his guitar wasn’t doing anything to the stone. Numbtongue sighed, and looked around.
“Maybe just ask the [Mages] what the mana stones do. Why didn’t I do that earlier? Oh. I don’t like Pisces. Or Falene.”
Too much sniffing and rolling of the eyes. And that superior tone. Numbtongue grumbled to himself. He actually liked Revi, though. Moore scared him. Ceria was…attractive. Anyone who knew what bugs tasted like was attractive to Goblins. But Numbtongue, er, liked her dirty blonde hair, it not being a color among Goblin hair. As for Typhenous—
“Gah!”
Numbtongue’s foot suddenly encounter a jolt and went numb. He leapt backwards, swearing, and stared at what his foot had just touched. What was—
The mana sludge? The mana sludge had shocked him! The Hobgoblin stared at it. The little puddle of liquid had just given him a jolt of electricity! Why? And—was it…yellower?
Yes! It was! In fact, it was now a very light yellow, and Numbtongue could swear the little lights caught in the liquid were now moving faster. Almost as if…he squinted, keeping his face back from the liquid. Almost as if there were tiny jolts of lightning running through the stuff now.
Slowly, curiously, Numbtongue reached out. He hesitated, but he’d already touched it once. So, carefully he brought his finger closer, closer—
