6.10
Page 9
“A word of advice, Erin? Don’t mention that again. There are people who would target you for that Skill alone.”
“Field of—that is such a cheap Skill—”
Lasica groaned and covered her face with her claws. She looked at Rufelt.
“Imagine how much gold we could have saved with that! And how many accidental—the number of times we’ve had a rune scratched and not noticed it, I can’t count!”
Rufelt nodded. He looked at Erin seriously.
“I appreciate the trust, but I don’t think that was trust so much as naiveté, Miss Erin. Be warned; we could have been the wrong couple to tell that to.”
“Oh. I’m sorry. I didn’t realize.”
Erin blushed. Rufelt was scolding her, albeit gently. The Gnoll nodded, still half-frowning.
“No other mention of Skills, either. I’d hate for a wagging tail or tongue to reveal something truly important.”
“Basement full of corpses?”
Lasica had caught onto the first bit Erin had said. She stared at Erin. The [Innkeeper] gulped.
“I’m not a serial killer! I uh, just have a Selphid guest—”
“—and she wants to store bodies in your inn. That’s fairly ingenious. Melinni actually had a similar offer, but she wasn’t about to have dead bodies lying next to her merchandise. But in an inn? If you were in Baleros, I’d first ask how much you wanted to be the Selphid-only inn. But if you were fine with that, you could make a fortune just renting your place out to dead bodies. But that’s a specialized type of [Innkeeper] I don’t think you want to get into.”
The Drake [Chef] shook her head. Erin hesitated.
“Wait, so what kind of [Innkeeper] do you think I should be? Because I’m…er…well, I can’t say, but I’m something.”
Rufelt eyed Erin.
“Hm. A class consolidation? That means you’re at least Level 20. No—don’t correct me.”
Lasica nodded. There was a slight flush to her cheek scales, whether from excitement or the drink, Erin couldn’t tell.
“This is all above-board advice, Erin. We like you, but we’ve known you for about an hour. So let’s continue down the list, shall we, Rufelt? First storage. You should invest in some runes of preservation. They’re worth three or four times the gold you spend, even if it’s a pain to get an [Enchanter]. And if some Ancestors-damned, lucky [Innkeeper] gets an entire field of—”
She put her head down on the bar. Rufelt patted his wife on the arm and took over.
“You might have levels, Miss Solstice, but an inn, tavern, or any establishment like ours thrives on more than that. You need to be original. From what I understand, your magic door is a first step there, but you should cultivate some signature dishes. Lasica and I boast the widest variety of dishes in Pallass, mainly because of our Balerosian ingredients. Plus, alcohol and dinner being prepared by experts in the field is a tough combination to beat.”
“Even if a certain [Innkeeper] can give his clientele a night worthy of any [Lord] in a Terandrian mansion for a fraction of the price.”
Lasica grumbled under her breath. She sat upright, sighing.
“But I mean what I said about finding a connection. Ours was a chance meeting, but we sprang on the opportunity to have a highly-leveled friend in Baleros. And it’s paid off for us—and him. Cultivate friends. Your clientele is a good place to start, but there are always people looking out to make strong friends, and an [Innkeeper] as famous as you might start getting some offers. Be careful of whom you trust.”
“But don’t turn down a good opportunity. We could have been affiliated with one of the largest Gnoll tribes in the continent if we hadn’t let that opportunity slip us by.”
