6.10
Page 23
The Horns brightened. Ksmvr stood straighter, his mandibles opening and raising with delight. He hurried over to the table where he had been sitting and grabbed his pack. Ceria laughed.
“Ksmvr, we’re not going yet!”
“No, but I must be prepared. I am already prepared, but I wish to make sure. At last. I have been sitting here in readiness for the last nine days. I am pleased that my rations are not yet completely spoiled.”
He was pawing through his things. Ceria blinked.
“Your rations? Wait. Did you buy rations? Ksmvr, that was a waste of money—”
He looked affronted and shook his head.
“Captain, that would be a waste of funds. Of course I did not buy any. I kept the rations from our last expedition.”
“…What last expedition? You mean, to the dungeon? Ksmvr, that was weeks ago. Unless you mean when you were going to rescue me—”
“No, I refer to the moments when we last ventured with Griffon Hunt.”
Yvlon frowned.
“How long ago was that? Ksmvr, let me see—”
She bent to reach for Ksmvr’s pack. The Antinium obligingly opened it to show her, and Yvlon’s face changed halfway down. Ceria had never seen someone turn green that fast. Yvlon staggered back, slapping the flap shut.
“Silver and steel!”
“Oh gods, what now? Has the Antinium kept a Creler as a pet?”
Revi threw up her hands. Ceria shook her head. She hesitated and looked at Ksmvr. The Antinium stared innocently at her.
“Ksmvr. Hand me the pack.”
He did so. Ceria hesitated. She could smell…something. But the sturdy leather concealed whatever was in quite well. It had done for a long time, apparently. She stared at the pack. Slowly, she opened it.
Pisces and Yvlon recoiled. Ksmvr had little in the way of olfactory senses, so he just peered at his rations.
“Ah, they are nicely decomposing. Perfect for renewal if they grow fungi. On the other hand, they can be an appropriate lure—”
 
—-
 
“One more try. It was an accident. She doesn’t hate me. She doesn’t hate me—”
Olesm approached the inn. Selys was using him as a shield. He stared at the closed door, saw it open. He hesitated.
“Erin?”
A bag flew out the door. It clocked Olesm on the chest, spilling its contents all over him. Selys took one look at it and fled.
Inside the inn, Ksmvr stared at his rations and then at Olesm turning over to throw up as he scrambled to get it off him. He turned to Ceria. She was giving him a look that told him he had made some mistake. The Antinium wilted.
“Ah. I take it this was another mistake on my part? Comrade Pisces—”
And Erin watched all of it happening. She looked at Numbtongue, who was ignoring Falene as he plucked at his guitar. At the other adventurers, debating over what the smoke had been and how useful a weapon it might be. At Apista, riding Mrsha’s head, at Lyonette, poring over some plans for the inn. And Erin did something that made it all that much better.
She laughed.
 
[Miner Level 6!]
[Skill – Grinder Teeth obtained!]
 
[Bard Level 29!]
[Song – Lightcaller Harmony obtained!]
[Song – Peaceful Melody obtained!]
 

