6.10
Page 20
“Oh god, not more [Mage] talk. Please say it in simple words, Pisces. Or I’ll hit you.”
Yvlon looked up from her table where she was dicing with Jelaqua and Moore. The [Necromancer] sighed.
“Fine. Rock goes smash, something happens. But no one can tell what. That stone could simply dissipate. Or explode. Or…”
He waved his hands and glared at Yvlon. Mrsha waved her paws as well, looking excited at the idea. Erin eyed the stone and edged back from it a bit. Numbtongue frowned. He knew all of this, okay, parts. He wanted to know how to use mana stones without being a [Mage]. He looked at Revi again.
“Okay. I can break the stone and get…something random. What about breaking it with my teeth?”
Revi stared at him.
“You mean…eating it? That sounds like the dumbest idea I could think of. I guess it would do something since all that mana would go into your body. But who would do that?”
Numbtongue stared at the stone. Pisces cleared his throat.
“None of these hypotheticals are strictly safe. Numbtongue, if I may offer a solution? If money is not your objective and I have no reason to believe it is—why not offer the stone to Octavia? She could brew a potion out of it. At least, I know some [Alchemists] use mana stones. She might charge you coin, or one of the other stones, but if she could reliably harness the stone’s power, then you would have a brew you could at least throw or ingest, again assuming you could discover the effects. But happily, [Alchemists] have many ways of discovering a stone’s effects.”
Numbtongue brightened at that idea. That did sound good. Falene looked disgusted, however.
“Octavia? You would bring [Alchemists] into this? Please spare me such notions. There are two decent [Mages] among us and four untrained fools—”
“Gee, thanks.”
Ceria rolled her eyes. Revi copied Dawil. Typhenous stroked his beard.
“As much as it pleases me to have your respect, Miss Falene—”
The half-Elf cut him short with a look.
“I was referring to myself and Moore.”
“Oh. How unfortunate.”
A painful silence fell as everyone glared at Falene or deliberately didn’t look at her. Ksmvr walked over to Yvlon and tugged on her arm gently. He didn’t bother lowering his voice.
“Miss Skystrall seems quite agitated. Yvlon, please explain her state of mind.”
“Well, you see, Ksmvr, some people are just sour—”
Jelaqua began, but Falene whirled. The Selphid raised her hands as Falene’s eyes flashed with more than just indignation. Her voice snapped across the inn.
“If I am upset, it’s in wasting over a month of time and effort to rush to Ylawes’ sister’s aid, with little thanks and no reward. However, that would be enough save for the fact that the other teams here have clearly benefitted while we received nothing more than some gold.”
“We all participated in the lottery, Falene—”
Ceria broke off as Falene pointed a finger at her without looking.
“Do not lie to me, sister. I may not be able to see inside a bag of holding, but I can hardly miss Ksmvr and Pisces sitting in their rooms, rolling in piles of gold and gems.”
The inn fell silent. Numbtongue’s head turned, with all the others to Pisces and Ksmvr. The [Necromancer] had turned bright red. Halrac closed his eyes, his sole contribution so far to the night. Yvlon banged her head on the table. Ksmvr opened his mandibles.
“Ah. We must have left the door ajar, Comrade Pisces.”
“Falene. You know we didn’t come here for treasure. If the other teams found…something, it was their discovery.”
