6.10
Page 16
He grunted to himself as he approached the door. The purple mana stone went on the door. He opened the door, scowled at the stone, and leaned against the cave’s entrance. He closed his eyes.
“Tomorrow I’ll go higher.”
And he played his song again.
 
—-
 
Late in the evening, Erin Solstice walked back through her door into her inn. Her home.
“I’m not drunk! I just drank a lot of alcohol! But it’s okay since it’s me!”
Erin protested as the surly Drake [Guard] shut the door in her face. She glared at the wooden door.
“Jerk.”
She stuck out her tongue, and felt happy about being so silly. She looked back at the door. She’d gone to Pallass looking for…something. And instead, the city had jumped out at her. Surprised her. Made her actually like it this time around. She sighed.
“Okay Pallass, you win round one. But next time? I’m gonna rock your socks! …Do Drakes or Gnolls wear socks?”
Erin was caught up in that thought for a second. She wasn’t drunk, in point of fact. But she was happy. And excited to the point of being silly. No, she’d remembered she could be silly and she was rejoicing in that fact. She was almost debating opening the door to heckle the Drake some more, then she remembered to set it to purple.
As soon as she did, the door opened. Erin jumped as Numbtongue strode through. He blinked as he nearly ran into her. She smiled up at him.
“Oh. Numbtongue. How was your day?”
The Hobgoblin was dirty, sweaty, and looked tired. But he looked at peace. He hesitated, then gave Erin a half-smile.
“Good. You?”
Erin hesitated. Then she grinned.
“I had a great day. But what happened to you?”
The Hobgoblin hesitated. He looked around the inn. There was some kind of commotion; everyone was gathered around Apista, and Lyonette was talking with Pisces, Ceria, and Falene for some reason. He shook his head.
“Later. Maybe tonight we can…talk?”
The hopeful look in his eye didn’t pass Erin by. She nodded.
“Tonight. Over a drink? I learned a few recipes, although I have no idea how to make mine fly.”
The Hobgoblin gave Erin an odd look. She laughed. Then she turned.
“Lyonette! Hey guys, what’s up? Anything happen while I was away?”
For some reason that got her the oddest look. But Erin was too excited to wonder why. She waved her arms, trying to get their attention.
“You’ll never believe what a day I had! Okay, first, I went through into Pallass and guess what? I met this couple that—”
Erin paused. She stared at the gathered adventurers. They were all blinking at her. Erin’s gaze travelled across them. She stopped on Pisces. He blinked as she pointed at him.
“You could use some abs. You too, Ceria. Typhenous is old so he’s fine, and Moore’s cool since he can lift cows, but the rest of you need to work out.”
Erin turned. Her finger wavered as it went to the other [Mages] in the room. She wasn’t drunk. Definitely not. She definitely hadn’t gotten drunk because she was immune to alcohol, right? Unless she’d turned it off just to see what it was like. That…sounded like something she would do.
The others stared at Erin. Revi opened her mouth, but Moore spoke up.
“Lift a cow? How strong does she think I am? I could use a spell maybe, but with my arms? I’d strain my back!”
“Take it as a compliment, Moore.”
Jelaqua slapped Moore on the shoulder. She laughed, and Erin looked at Lyonette.
“So, did I miss anything?”
 
—-
 
As Erin listened with open mouth to Lyonette’s story about Apista, Numbtongue presented his mana sludge to Typhenous. The old [Mage]’s eyes popped as he stared at the jar Numbtongue carefully held away from his body in gloved hands.
