6.10
Page 13
“Well, Erin. Consider this an invitation. Whenever you wish, for whatever reason, you may leave your inn and come here. Don’t worry about debts or payment. When you need someone to look after you, come here. You’ll always be welcome in Tails and Scales.”
“What he said.”
Erin looked up at a smiling Drake face. She saw Rufelt leave the bar. And her eyes overflowed. But they weren’t bad tears. She was just a bit overwhelmed. Just a bit tired. So Erin cried at the bar as Rufelt panicked a bit and Lasica found her a warm towel to wipe her face on. Then there was another comforting drink.
And the tavern opened. By the time the first Drake [Barkeep], one of Rufelt’s apprentices, came in, Erin’s tears were dried. Two [Servers], a Gnoll and Drake joined the mix. All of them introduced themselves to Erin.
“This is my apprentice, Usshi.”
Rufelt introduced the [Barkeep], who gave Erin a smile that made you want to smile back. And the two [Barmaids]. People were already waiting at the door when the Gnoll [Server]—a class for someone who was just starting out their career in that area—opened the door.
“Erin Solstice. We meet again.”
The young woman blinked at Maughin and several of his fellow [Smiths] and apprentices. She stood up to greet him, then Xif, and to Lasica’s displeasure, Melinni. They’d all come to talk more about the Pallass issue, but after a quick discussion where Lasica leaned in, they didn’t invite Erin. They filled the tables, talking to Lasica as more Drakes, Gnolls, Dullahans, and even a Garuda couple came in.
Some were [Mages]. Others [Scribes], [Weavers], [Potters], and others that Lasica and Rufelt knew by name. There was even a [Hauler] who’d reached such a high level that he’d become a [Cargomaster]. The Garuda pair were [Aerial Dancers]. Erin met them all. Rufelt served drinks, some plain shots, others glowing, magical, wine and spirits and occasionally, juice.
He did it quickly, with a flourish, sometimes suggesting a change in the order that was always accepted. He knew his customers. And he was flawless—except for his fondness for spinning the drinks about. He only stopped that when Maughin complained about the third in a row.
And then Lasica started cooking some appetizers, or an early dinner. She didn’t go into the kitchen. Rather, the kitchen came to her. A [Line Cook] came in to learn from her, and Erin saw why.
“A hibachi grill!”
“A hot plate table. Hands off.”
Lasica corrected Erin. She had been throwing coal into the furnace at the bottom of the table, and now she lit it. Erin stared as she tossed some oil on the table, and then some thin strips of meat. Almost at once they began to cook and she flipped them onto a plate.
“It’s—but—how? That’s from where I am! How did you—”
Rufelt grinned at Erin’s face.
“If there was ever a way to burn their food, Drakes would surely find it. Just be glad Lasica’s not cooking flambé. And order what you want! She can cook you up a wonderful bowl of these noodles, with some meat and fried vegetables…”
“C-can I have an egg?”
Lasica laughed. Erin had her egg. She had a lot of food, actually. Her stomach seemed to have forgotten its usual dimensions as she ate Lasica’s hot, delicious food greedily. And she found herself sitting next to Maughin, then Xif, and then others, talking to them. Not as an [Innkeeper] did to the guests, but as someone with all the time on their hands to pester Maughin about what was under his armor, or ask Xif about magical food, a topic he was only too happy to work with her on.
