6.10
Page 6
“Ancestors, that’s nice. But you know I don’t remember any of the silly names you and your bartending friends come up with. Can I get another? Iced?”
Erin opened her mouth to protest. Several things, in fact, but Rufelt was faster. He snagged another wineglass from behind him as he spun, filled the glass with pink stuff in the same motion, and then pulled open a drawer behind the bar. Erin blinked. Ice cubes, or rather, ice chunks since they weren’t nearly as tidy in form as cubes, appeared in the wine glass. The white wine poured on top and the glass spun past Erin again.
Literally spinning. She watched as the pink liquid swirled up and the wine downwards, forming a vortex around the ice. The glass came to rest perfectly in front of Lasica, contents still spinning in a miniature vortex. She did not look impressed.
“What is it with you and spinning your drinks, recently?”
The Gnoll sighed.
“It looks like a lot of fun. And it is! And it’s not my ‘bartending friends’, love of my life. It’s all [Bartenders]. I didn’t invent the name; a Balerosian [Bartender] came up with Jungleblood Sunrise herself. A pity, because I would have called it something less confusing.”
“Mm. Why do they call it that? This is hardly the color of blood.”
Lasica pointed to the pink and greenish-yellow liquid.
“Uh, excuse me—”
Erin broke off, because she wanted to know the answer. Rufelt shrugged.
“Apparently it’s not referring to blood, but a type of flower. You see, it weeps it’s…what would you call the stuff in flowers? Nectar? No, the wet stuff. Anyways, it weeps it in the morning, so when the sun rises, it catches the light and looks quite similar to that. Pink on yellow and green.”
“Fascinating. Also, completely pointless.”
Lasica drained her first glass and started on the second. Erin stared between her and Rufelt as he sighed. She waved a hand and both looked at her. Rufelt grinned sheepishly.
“Excuse me, Erin. We sometimes get lost in ourselves. We’re not used to company before the bar opens.”
“Oh, no problem. Uh—a few questions. First, rookie? Second, I’m not used to people being nice to me and feeding me. That’s my job. Third, we call putting alcohol in ice ‘on the rocks’ where I come from. Do you do that? And fourth—is that stuff floating upside down? Is—is it antigravity alcohol? I’m fine with any of these questions being answered, by the way.”
Both Rufelt and Lasica looked at the upside-down liquid Erin was pointing to. They paused as they considered Erin’s questions. Rufelt eyed his wife. She eyed him back, and her tail wagged a bit, although her lips only moved up slightly. Rufelt stroked his chin thoughtfully.
“On the rocks? Hm. I like that. I think I’ll use that from now on. It has a…good sound to it, yes? And that is one of my magical liquids. I’m not sure about er, anti-gravity, but it floats! It’ll go straight up and it’s a devil to mix with drinks unless you can do it right. Want a taste?”
“Can I? Wait, how do I drink it?”
“Let’s find out, shall we?”
Lasica rolled her eyes as Rufelt snagged another tumbler. She leaned over to Erin, smiling a bit. She still had quite a presence, and Erin wondered if all middle-aged Drakes were like that. Tekshia was certainly intimidating, although she was even more no-nonsense and somewhat abrasive, too.
“We didn’t intend to drag you around, Erin. I apologize again for that, but we had good cause. We did want to meet you—that was always part of the plan. As for taking care of you, well, why not?”
“But that’s my job.”
