6.10
Page 8
“That’s chocolate. Where’d you get that? No one I talked to knew anything about it.”
The Drake blinked in surprise. Rufelt blinked as he cleaned the finished cups.
“You know about chocolate? Well, color me impressed. This came right from Baleros. A new thing—well, relatively. We’ve had cocoa for ages, but some [Chef] over there started experimenting, and, well, I got some with my latest shipment. We’ve a deal that sends goods straight from a [Merchant] in Baleros to the city. One of the things you need to acquire. Rookie.”
Erin blinked at Lasica. She opened her mouth, and the Drake popped a piece of her breaded chicken in there. Erin blinked, at first with mild outrage, but then she realized Lasica was treating her like a kid. Rather than make her mad, it was almost pleasant. There was something affectionate in Lasica’s teasing tone. And she was twice Erin’s age. Then Erin thought about what she’d said.
“Wait, a trade route from Baleros? That has to be…”
“Thousands of miles? Difficult to get someone to regularly ship from the ports all the way to Pallass? Expensive? If your answer was all of the above, that’s only half of the problems. Whenever the Drowned Men start raiding ships, or there’s a war, we get cut off.”
“Which is why we have a huge store of everything Lasica and I need in a part of Melinni’s private warehouse. The one we didn’t show you and not many people know about. That’s something else you need. I’d say a warehouse or some kind of area with runes of preservation first, right Lasica? Connections second.”
“Oh, agreed. Here’s what most [Innkeepers] we know agree on, Erin. The ones who’re actually smart, anyways. First you need to lock down a healthy supply of food. Not just enough for next week, but for months. Enough rare ingredients to weather any storm. Of course, you’ll expand your inventory slowly—”
Rufelt held up a cautioning paw.
“—don’t rush your rare ingredients. We did that once and sold for far too little. Focus on, say, a basement with runes of preservation and basics, like milk, grain, meat—enough for six months based purely off that. It is vital in case the supply of food plummets.”
“How?”
Erin couldn’t imagine that happening in a city like Pallass, with huge storehouses full of preserved food. Lasica grimaced.
“Easier than you think. Melinni’s got runes of preservation, but they don’t stop insects. In fact, fresh meat makes it worse. You can still contaminate food—it just stays preserved, which means entire batches of meat we thought were good can be off if, say, the cattle were all sick. And in times of plague, or general famine…”
“Pallass can feed itself, but with a million mouths, it still has to ration. And it does not open its gates to other cities. It couldn’t if it wanted to. There are simply too many mouths out there. I wish we had more storehouses, but Melinni and Pallass’ [Quartermasters] are working off of centuries of investment. So food first. At the very least, you won’t be short of meat or so on during the winter. Oh, and stock up on firewood. I hear that’s an issue around Liscor.”
Rufelt sighed. Erin looked between him and Lasica. The shouting from outside was still going on. Someone was shouting for the Watch.
“Um. I have a basement full of corpses, so I don’t know about the basement thing. But I have a [Field of Preservation] around my inn—”
“What?”
Lasica shot up in her chair. She stared at Erin and then at her husband. Rufelt’s jaw dropped open. The next moment he was glancing at the door. He leaned forwards and Erin leaned back a bit at the expression his face.
