6.10
Page 17
“You found that in the mountains? Why, it’s—magicore! Revi, come and see!”
The other adventurers looked up, scenting something interesting or profitable. Revi walked over, frowning alternatively at Typhenous, the jar, and Numbtongue.
“What? What did you say he found? It looks like yellow goo, Typhenous. Mixed with dirt. Is it valuable?”
The old [Mage]’s voice shook a bit.
“I should imagine? To the right buyers, certainly. How much did you say you found, er, Numbtongue?”
The Hobgoblin met Typhenous’ eyes steadily.
“I didn’t.”
The old [Mage] paused. Then he coughed.
“Of course, of course. I was just curious. You see…it’s just, this sample? It’s raw magicore. That’s the layfolk term for it. It’s more like…unrefined raw mana, in physical form.”
“Incorrect.”
Pisces and Falene both spoke up at once. They glared at each other. Pisces held up a finger, Ceria elbowed him and interrupted Falene as well.
“It’s not raw mana so much as mana-infused rock. Close enough, I know. Shut up, Pisces. Numbtongue, Wistram prizes the stuff. If you apply the right magics to it, you can turn it into a mana stone of unrivaled quality.”
Numbtongue blinked at the magicore. You could? No, that made sense. But it wasn’t something useful to Goblins. Typhenous was staring at it.
“If you were to place a monetary value upon it…there is a difference in quality, but if there were a…a vein of it in the mountains, it might be worth…might I inspect it, ah, Numbtongue?”
The Hobgoblin studied Typhenous for a second. Then he shrugged.
“Here.”
He offered it in one gloved hand to Typhenous. The [Mage] grasped for it greedily, and then let out an exclamation of shock.
“Ah!”
The jar tumbled from his hands as the [Mage] snatched his hands back. Numbtongue grabbed it on the way down. He chortled to himself as Typhenous shook out his hands.
“You ass. Typhenous, are you okay? That was hilarious.”
Revi alternated between a glare of concern and an amused expression. Typhenous gave Numbtongue a reproachful look. Ceria blinked at the magicore.
“Huh. I didn’t see that. Looks like it’s picked up some kind of focus. Electric, by the looks of it.”
Pieces sniffed. He opened his mouth and Falene jumped in. The half-Elf gave Numbtongue a superior look and adopted a lecturing tone to the group.
“Not nearly as valuable, then. Raw magicore is free-form, transmutable. This now has an elemental quality; thus its potential is shaped.”
She tapped one finger against the glass jar, and Numbtongue noted with irritation that she didn’t let it shock her somehow.
“Of course, any full [Mage] of Wistram would know that. Now, I would take this and—”
Falene went to pluck the glass jar out of Numbtongue’s grip. It didn’t budge. The half-Elf stopped. Numbtongue gave her a grin with all his teeth,
“Mine. Not yours.”
“I was merely making a point. If you’ll let me—”
The jar didn’t budge. Falene let out a slow breath. Ceria looked amused as she glanced at Numbtongue. Then she eyed Falene, and jabbed her in the side.
The older half-Elf made a sound and jumped. She glared at Ceria. The [Ice Mage] had an innocent look on her face.
“Sorry, Falene. My hand slipped. But that is Numbtongue’s jar. And he can do what he wants with it. We can’t take it away from a fellow adventurer, can we?”
She gave Typhenous a pointed look. The [Mage] coughed.
“No, no, I just wished to see…may I ask if that was the only sample found though? Please?”
He gave Numbtongue an imploring look. The [Bard] hesitated, then relented.
“No. Probably more. I just hit upper part of vein. Opened hole—there’s more. Raw. This is…different. Made it electric.”
