6.10
Page 22
“Come on. I’m sure she has time for you. The adventurers are at her inn all the time. You can at least apologize, and if she clocks you, well, wouldn’t that make you feel better?”
“She doesn’t want to see me, Selys.”
“Yeah. Probably not. But how long are you going to avoid her?”
The [Strategist] shook his head. He stared up at the inn on top of the hill.
“I shouldn’t visit her now. The door wasn’t working. She’s cut Liscor off, Selys.”
“She’s not mad anymore, Olesm. I think. She was never angry, just sad. Look, let’s just go up there and if—”
The door opened. Olesm and Selys saw something blew blast out followed by a gust of wind. They blinked up at the inn and heard a shout. Then nothing.
“Uh…”
Someone appeared at the door. Numbtongue. He raced outside, a glass jar in hand. He threw it as far as he could—straight towards them. Both Drakes saw a tiny, glowing jar filled with yellow, blue and green, hurtling towards them.
They ducked.
The jar landed in the mud in front of them with a wet thump. Both Drakes breathed a sigh of relief. They stared at the jar. Then they noticed how it was shaking. They looked up at the inn in alarm. A half-Elf appeared in the doorway. Her eyes went round as she saw them.
“Run, you idiots!”
The two Drakes stared at the bottle. Then they turned and ran. Three seconds later, the jar exploded as the pent up liquid turned to gas and mixed with the magicore.
Selys heard something hiss and then bang of sound behind her. She half-turned and a glass shard flew past her face. She stopped and stared as Olesm tripped and tumbled in the mud.
The glass jar had burst, but not with the force of, say, an explosion. It was just that the blue gas laced with crackling volts of electricity was expanding too fast for the jar to contain it. Now it expanded into a huge cloud, twenty feet in diameter. It hovered in the air, like some kind of strange earth-bound viridian cloud. Selys could see miniature bolts of lightning earthing on the ground below the cloud.
Selys stared at the cloud. Olesm picked himself up from the mud. They looked at the cloud, and then at the inn. Selys forced saliva into her dry mouth.
“I think that was an accident, Olesm. Honest. But…just in case, let’s go back tomorrow.”
 
—-
 
Lastly this happened. Ceria was busy listening to Falene shout at Numbtongue when she felt a poke in the side. She yelped, and immediately realized why all of her friends hated when she did that to them. She turned to glare—but softened it when she realized who was doing the poking.
“Captain Ceria, may I ask what tomorrow brings?”
Ksmvr stood politely at attention, armed with his short sword, dagger, and other gear. He even had his cloak on and the bow strapped to his back. Ceria had to smile; he was always ready. She turned and saw Pisces and Yvlon looking at her. The [Wounded Warrior] raised an eyebrow.
“I was wondering that myself, Captain. We’ve been sitting in the inn a long time. Time to get back to work?”
“We have a lot of money. But I suppose we have to wait to get it exchanged at a big city.”
Ceria mused to herself. She looked at Pisces and the [Necromancer] shrugged.
“We do have an Ashfire Bee contract. But I would not be remiss for more work. However, if our lot calls for sitting and eating to excess, I would not object.”
He said that, but the look in his eyes were a challenge. Ceria smiled.
“I suppose you’re right. We could go to Celum tomorrow. Take a few local requests on.”
