6.10
Page 19
Pisces inhaled as he saw the glittering blue mana stone in Numbtongue’s palm. Half the adventurers turned their heads again. Typhenous craned his head, but it was Falene who exclaimed.
“Let me see that!”
This time Numbtongue didn’t protest. He held out the stone and Falene hesitated a second before holding her hand out. Numbtongue’s eyes narrowed, but he dropped the mana stone into her palm. The half-Elf hesitated.
“Thank you.”
She stared down at the mana stone and held it up to the light. Pisces, scowling, tried to see, but the half-Elf accidentally moved to get a better view and cut him off. Then she stared sharply at Numbtongue.
“Where did you get this?”
“From a friend.”
Numbtongue met her eyes without blinking. Falene frowned.
“Do you have any more?”
He gave her a Goblin shrug. Falene pursed her lips.
“If you do, I will buy them from you.”
“Let me see! Is that a pure mana stone? Without defect?”
“As Numbtongue addressed the question to me, I should see first. Miss Skystrall? I believe—Miss Skystrall?”
Falene held the stone out of reach of the other two [Mages] who squabbled over it. Ceria covered her eyes and Revi pulled Typhenous back, hissing at him.
“Stop embarrassing yourself!”
But Falene’s attention was all on Numbtongue. When he reluctantly showed her another of Pyrite’s remaining stones, she very nearly gasped. She made him an instant offer, a number that made Erin’s jaw drop. Numbtongue just shook his head.
“Mine. I don’t want to sell.”
“But these are no use to you. Numbtongue, is it? Listen to me. If you desire gemstones, I can provide them. But these are worth far more than simple jewels. These are high-grade mana stones. You have no idea what focus they have—or what use they might be. In the possession of a [Mage], they could be quite valuable. But they’re of no use to a non-[Mage] let alone—”
She closed her mouth abruptly. Numbtongue, who could fill in missing words, gritted his teeth. The inn fell silent. Erin glared.
A tankard banged at a table in the corner of the room. Falene and Numbtongue turned, and Dawil, sitting with Ylawes, Halrac, and Seborn, all of whom hadn’t deigned to get up, pointed at his companion. The Dwarf’s voice was a rumble.
“Falene, you’re a half-wit.”
The half-Elf’s cheeks turned red. She waited, eyes flashing at Dawil, but he only took a long drink from his tankard. Then he looked at Numbtongue.
“That’s all I wanted to add. Sorry about her. She’s slow. Carry on.”
Numbtongue grinned. He looked at Falene.
“Mine.”
He held out a hand. After a second she dropped them into his palm. Typhenous cleared his throat.
“I would like to make an offer, Miss Skystrall’s nonwithstanding—”
“Hey. What about us?”
Ceria raised her voice. She looked at Pisces.
“We could use those, right?”
“If one was so inclined…and we have ample funds…”
Pisces’ voice trailed off as he recalled where his team had gotten the funds from. Revi rolled her eyes. She looked at Numbtongue.
“You could just smash it.”
Everyone stared at her. Revi raised her hands.
“What? You could. I don’t know a lot about mana stones or advanced magical theory. [Summoner], remember? But I know some things and I know that you can trigger a mana stone by smashing it. Looks like that one has a focus. So…keep it, and smash it if a monster attacks. Who knows? You might get lucky.”
“That is the most idiotic—”
Falene ducked as Dawil threw an empty mug at her. She pointed and it zoomed back towards his face. Ylawes batted it down with a reproachful look. Falene pursed her lips, but fell silent. Pisces coughed.
“As Miss Skystrall said—”
