6.10
Page 5
About two inches away from the mana sludge, Numbtongue saw a blue bolt of electricity arc out of the stuff and hit his finger. He jerked his hand back, swearing. It was electrified! He’d just gotten another jolt!
Shocking stuff. Numbtongue sat back, rubbing his ironically numb finger and foot and thinking. Well, he’d just turned the mana sludge into another variant Pyrite was familiar with. If the mana sludge was different colors, it had different effects. For instance, the Hobgoblin had once found a red variant of the stuff that had been so hot he could set fires with it. He’d had a wonderful time using it as an impromptu fire starter until an unfortunate incident with a forest…
“Electricity. Guitar. [Electric Chords]. Mana sludge.”
Numbtongue stared at the stuff. He stared at his guitar, and the chords which no longer sparked with lightning. Then he stared at the mana sludge. He grinned. He was going to need a jar. And…gloves.
 
—-
 
The tavern was called Tails and Scales. Or maybe it was a pub. Erin wasn’t one for socializing in either, so she had no idea what the difference was. Nor did she like beer, a fact that had vaguely offended some of her friends. And her father. But Erin liked the drink in front of her. It was some kind of rum mixed with a sweet, chilled liquid that was separate from the rum. Every time Erin took a gulp, it ran down her throat, burning and sweet.
A bit of food went in her stomach as well. Bits of chicken, breaded and glazed, sprinkled with bits of crunchy pork. Each bite was delectable and Erin felt it warming her up. But the food didn’t settle in her stomach or weigh her down; it anything, she felt more awake with each bite.
It was probably thanks to a Skill. And the drink was doing something to Erin’s mood as well. Each gulp made her feel better. She looked across the bar at a Gnoll with black fur streaked a bit with grey. He was a [Bartender]. Rufelt. And sitting next to Erin was Lasica, a [Chef]. The two were a married couple. They’d dragged Erin about the city before revealing they owned a very popular establishment. In the same business as Erin.
And they’d called her a rookie. Erin was half-fixed on that, half-frowning over something she’d realized, and a third half was listening to a commotion outside. Someone was shouting—several someones, actually.
“Wait, rookie?”
Erin looked at Rufelt. The Gnoll grinned at her, baring his teeth in a Gnoll’s smile.
“Oops. Lasica my dear, you might have offended Erin.”
“There’s nothing offensive about speaking the truth. Give me the bright pink stuff with that Balerosian white you did up last night.”
The Drake woman looked unconcerned as she pointed across the bar. Rufelt fetched a proper wineglass out, filled it with a white wine, and then added a shot of a vibrant pink liquid from a glass container. Erin blinked. The glass container had a spigot, also made of glass. And it was one of a row of similar vessels, all containing different liquids. All probably alcoholic. Some were glowing. One was resting on the top of the container, and it had been flipped upside down.
“Here you are. A Jungleblood Sunrise. I wish you’d remember the names.”
Lasica shrugged. She snagged the glass as it spun down the slick counter past Erin. The white wine (which was in fact slightly yellow and green, in defiance of proper sense) and pink liquid were spinning together. The Drake rolled her eyes as she drank half and sighed, visibly relaxing.
