6.10
Page 15
The Rockmites were agitated. They were scurrying up and down the walls. And when Numbtongue passed through their main nest for the third time they turned towards him.
The Hobgoblin froze. Too late, he realized that his performance with the guitar, not to mention the electricity, maybe even the mining, had upset the insects. They had ignored him earlier, but now they were registering him as a threat. They scuttled off the walls and onto the ground.
Run. Or fight. If he could call down lightning here, he could probably fry them all if he didn’t collapse the cave or hit himself. But as Numbtongue was reaching for the guitar and sword he carried, he hesitated. The Rockmites were agitated. But this was their home. Was he going to kill them? He had intruded here.
He looked down at the jar of liquid magic stone he’d wrapped up as the Rockmites advanced on him. It was his. The Rockmites had no need for it. He’d made this. In a way—he’d mined it out of rock, with Pyrite’s memories and the help of Erin’s door and the Rockmites—but even so, Numbtongue had stolen this from no one.
It was one of the first things Numbtongue had ever made without stealing. Besides that, and music. Was he going to taint it by killing?
“No.”
The word made the Rockmites hesitated. They were advancing in a rolling wave, preparing to surround the Hobgoblin, engulf him in one movement. They held back as he set his burdens down and lifted his guitar. But the chords did not flash with electricity. Numbtongue played slowly. The music was quiet, gentle, not like the hard thunder of earlier.
Because he was no thief. Not a killer. Not even scaring. Not here. Not today.
The song that filled the cave was a soft tune at first. Soft, gentle plucking on the strings. So soothing that even the Rockmites sensed something was different. They held back, waiting, confused. And then Numbtongue began to sing.
 
“It was a flash of white waving
We followed her together
Laughing as if we knew
My brothers came to rest in the mud.”
 
The tune was slow to come out just right, the words painful. And he played to insects who knew nothing of him. But it didn’t matter. They held still. And Numbtongue sang, as he could only do when he was alone. To them, to himself.
 
“Blood has long spilled
Now and then, again
I’m tired, so I’m asking
When will we stop?”
 
They approached him, and drew away. The Hobgoblin bent, and they scuttled back. He tried to make them understand. He was a [Bard]. If he couldn’t play to all species, both monsters, and people, what point was there?
 
“I came here not to harm you
Or for you to hurt me, listen;
A Goblin asks for peace. Will you agree?”
 
They did not respond. How could they? Maybe they didn’t even understand. But as Numbtongue kept playing, he walked forwards. He sang, and the Rockmites backed up.
The lyrics didn’t match the tune on the guitar. The pacing was off. Numbtongue improvised the forth verse. And the fifth. But it didn’t matter. He knew this song by heart.
It was the same song as he’d sung in the inn. It wasn’t about the words. It was the message.
Peace. At least for the moment.
The Rockmites probably barely thought, and they might not even hear Numbtongue’s words as such. But they listened, an audience as he sang a universal song. And they let him go.
If you were cynical, you could have said they were just confused by the music, wary of Numbtongue with guitar in hands. But if you believed, as Numbtongue did, maybe the music had meant something.
“Could use more work. Needs better words.”
