6.10
Page 11
Erin stared at both husband and wife. She looked at the door, pointed at it, and gave up. The Drake and Gnoll stared at her, friendly, helpful for no other reason than…they were good people. And utterly determined not to answer any questions about the naked Named Adventurer. Erin sighed.
“Okay. Fine. What about guests? And uh, do you have a piece of paper?”
 
—-
 
“…and a dedicated clientele is important. You can be open to all, like we are, but you’d better be the best. From what you’ve said, it sounds like you want adventurers as your main revenue base, is that right?”
“I…I mean, it’d be nice.”
An hour later, Erin’s head hurt, but she had two full pages of cramped and slightly blotched notes from all Rufelt and Lasica had told her. They were full of tips, and Erin had realized she was full of questions.
“I didn’t know there was so much to know. I mean, about being an [Innkeeper]. I just got my class from cleaning a room. In an inn, obviously, but still. I had no idea how much I’ve missed.”
Rufelt laughed lightly.
“There’s nothing you need to know about being an [Innkeeper], Erin. That’s why you’ve done so well. But there’s experience, tips from others. And somehow, we doubted the [Innkeepers] in Liscor or Celum had been helping you out.”
Lasica nodded, absently reading over Erin’s shoulder.
“Adventurers travel about, which is a problem, but your door solves some of that. But you do need better security. And your golem idea is novel, I’ll grant you, but it is a pricey investment. And if you break one, that’s a lot of gold gone in a moment. Just look into some [Guards].”
“Got it. Maybe the Antinium?”
Lasica and Rufelt shuddered. Erin looked up.
“They’re nice! Really!”
“I find that very hard to believe. But then, I lived through the Antinium Wars. I do hear the Hive around Liscor is different from the rest. But let’s just say I won’t test that theory.”
“I’m going to bring Pawn through to Pallass someday. With Numbtongue. And Mrsha too, I guess. Uh—okay, that’s written down.”
Lasica squinted at the parchment.
“If you say so. Your handwriting is atrocious.”
“Hey, I’m drunk!”
“No you’re not.”
“…You’re right. Okay, what about the innkeepers? Why wouldn’t they help me?”
Lasica and Rufelt exchanged a look.
“Ooh. She doesn’t know, Lasica. In that case, we should probably introduce her later.”
“To the good [Innkeepers] in Pallass, at least. For another day.”
Erin waved a hand in front of their faces. She didn’t mind the husband-wife talk they did, or the fact that Lasica’s tail twined around Rufelt when they stood together, but—okay, it was obnoxious sometimes.
“Know what?”
“Innkeepers talk amongst each other. That includes tavern owners and people who manage hostels, and so on, by the way. It depends on where you are and who you know, but I could, say, get in touch with someone in Celum if I had an issue that extended there.”
Lasica explained matter-of-factly to Erin. Rufelt nodded.
“It’s all informal—nothing like the Merchant’s Guild or Mage’s Guild or so on—but it does exist. In some cities, [Innkeepers] work together. Like in Celum.”
“Liscor’s not like that. But they do share something. And we know this because both groups don’t like you very much. Celum especially.”
Lasica sighed. Erin blinked at them. She remembered Miss Agnes mentioning there was a group of [Innkeepers] in Celum, but it had slipped her mind. Rufelt nodded sympathetically.
“They might cause you trouble, but you shouldn’t worry too much, yes? You have a magic door and they don’t. Just bear it in mind.”
“Great. Something else to write down. Thank you, by the way.”
