6.10
Page 18
He saw the way the adventurer’s eyes changed at that. Falene glanced over her shoulder at Dawil, as if to signal him. The Dwarf raised a finger.
“I don’t mine! Up yours, pointy ears!”
Typhenous licked his lips.
“…How much more? And Numbtongue, I might be forward in this, but if we could strike a deal for however much more you could find…”
The Goblin bit his lip. He didn’t like thinking about money. It wasn’t something Goblins prized. Erin noticed and broke off from her conversation to ask what all the fuss was about. When she stared at the magicore and gingerly touched it, she yelped.
“Gah!”
“Erin, we said it was electric!”
Ceria looked amused as Erin waved her hand. The [Innkeeper] shrugged, still happily drunk. Or drunk and happy, which was even better.
“I just wanted to find out! Hey, is it toxic or something? What happens if Numbtongue takes it out of the jar?”
The half-Elf scratched her head.
“Toxic? Only if you drink it. Or if it’s giving off fumes. But in the glass jar it should be fine. It’s not really a liquid, Erin.”
Pisces nodded. He looked down self-importantly at Mrsha and Ksmvr, the only audience he could find.
“Magicore is technically valuable, but I would put it far below gold, above silver in terms of rarity. Certainly not as rare as most gemstones of decent quality, but if Numbtongue could wheel away, say, a barrel of the stuff he might earn several hundred gold coins for it. At least. If the quality were high, which from the translucency I deduce it is not, he might earn more. You see, magicore is easily appraised at a glance. The translucency, or rather, the lack of any detail marks it as highly unfocused, and it is that lack of focus, the raw potential that [Mages] interested in creating mana stones crave…”
Mrsha blinked up at him. Ksmvr was scribbling notes. He raised a hand.
“Question, Comrade Pisces. What is the use of mana stones outside of Miss Erin’s door? I am aware of their effects as mana reservoirs for [Mages], but have they any other effects?”
“Ah, Ksmvr, I’m glad you asked.”
Pisces smiled self-importantly. He gestured at Erin’s door.
“You see, those stones on Erin’s door are quite poor-quality. Which is good; they need not be more than simple ah, anchors by which to guide the teleportation spell. But mana stones in general have any number of effects. They can hold an enchantment, allowing a [Mage] to weave his or her spells through the stone to aid in concentration, power mechanisms or fuel artifacts needing magic, or, and this is the most common effect in war, be used as a single-cast spell.”
“Ah, much like an [Alchemist]’s potions.”
Ksmvr nodded. Pisces nodded, and Mrsha nodded as well just to be included.
“Indeed. But mana stones are rarer, and depending on the size and quality of the gem, they can contain very powerful spells. I made a habit of studying a few, ah, in hopes of incorporating them with my undead creations, but sadly only a master [Gem Mage] would be able to use a mana stone without shattering the crystal itself.”
That caught Numbtongue’s attention. He wandered over to Pisces as Typhenous shocked himself again and Erin mused about light bulbs and batteries out loud. The [Necromancer] glanced up at Numbtongue and hesitated.
“Ah. Numbtongue.”
“Pisces.”
The Hobgoblin and [Necromancer] stared at each other for a second. Then Numbtongue reached into his belt pouch.
“You know mana stones? Can you look at this?”
“Well, I am only moderately studied in the subject. But I suppose I could look at—”
