6.10
Page 21
Ylawes spoke up quietly. He didn’t quite look at any of the other adventurers, though. Dawil sighed. Falene stared at her team captain, lips white.
“If I wish for some, small benefit, what of it? Numbtongue has no use for those mana stones. None at all. While I—”
Crack.
Falene blinked. She whirled, and stopped. Numbtongue stared at her defiantly. The cracked blue mana stone emitted a burst of viridian light as he crunched it between his teeth. He closed his mouth, but the burst of magical light lit up his head from the inside.
“What did you do?”
The half-Elf [Battlemage] stared at Numbtongue in horror. But he was distracted. His mouth first felt slightly numb, and then he felt saliva gathering, as if the rock was actually tasty and hadn’t just cut open his mouth. But it wasn’t saliva or blood. Numbtongue’s cheeks bulged and his eyes widened with alarm.
“Numbtongue?”
Erin stared at the [Bard] in horror. Numbtongue tried to say something, or spit what was in his mouth out. A bit of viridian spurted out of his mouth. Falene recoiled.
The liquid never touched the ground. Halfway down it turned to gas, a thick, clinging substance that hovered in the air. Falene gaped at it with everyone else. Mrsha took a step forwards, and Pisces pointed.
“No one touch it or inhale it! [Wind Blast]!”
The bit of magical smoke was funneled towards the door. Typhenous and Lyonette dove out of the way. Pisces cursed.
“Someone get the door!”
Half the adventurers moved, but Jelaqua leapt first. She didn’t need to breathe, so she hurled the door open. Pisces pointed and the wind blew the smoke out. Then he turned to Numbtongue.
The Goblin’s cheeks were bulging. There was more liquid filling it! Pisces’ eyes grew round.
“Someone get—”
Numbtongue knew there wasn’t time. He was about to have the liquid whatever-it-was spurt out his nose, or he’d swallow it. Neither option appealed to him, so he looked around and grabbed something. A jar. Numbtongue tore off the lid and spat.
The Goblin made a bleh sound as the blue-green liquid poured from his mouth into the jar. Part of it turned to gas on the way down, but most of it landed squarely in the container he was holding. He coughed it out, corked the lid, then stared at the jar.
“Do you see how dangerous it is? Who knows what effect that gas would have had on your lungs—or on us all? There is no telling the effect. As for your reckless—”
“Falene.”
Ylawes interrupted the half-Elf as she began to shout at Numbtongue. It wasn’t just the gas Numbtongue was still exhaling. It was the jar. The jar full of electrified magicore. And now, blue liquid. Numbtongue saw the two liquids mixing. And both were glowing brighter. And the liquid was turning to gas inside the jar and expanding and the cork was starting to tremble…
He smashed the cork back in. But now the entire jar was shaking. Numbtongue exhaled more viridian in horror.
The adventurers took cover. Moore pulled Mrsha behind him. Falene, standing closest to Numbtongue, backed away in horror.
“Falene? What’s about to happen?”
Ylawes had his shield up. The half-Elf looked at him.
“I don’t—”
“Falene?”
The jar was shaking. Numbtongue felt the glass expanding. His arms shook as the electricity suddenly became twice as strong. He looked at Falene. She shouted.
“I don’t know! Toss it away, toss it—”
 
—-
 
Two Drakes climbed the hill towards The Wandering Inn. One was male, the other female. Selys was leading Olesm, urging him to climb faster.
