6.10
Page 12
Erin grumbled to herself. Lasica laughed lightly. She looked at Erin, and then at the window.
“Hm. We’re into early evening. Almost time to open up. And I need another drink.”
“Water for you. You need to cook Erin one proper meal and one more drink would make you too tipsy for your best. Besides, we have a business to run tonight.”
Sternly, Rufelt handed Lasica a glass of water. She sighed, but sipped from it. Erin looked at the two.
“No, seriously. This is so helpful. Thanks for being so nice. And I—I didn’t do anything to deserve it.”
“Besides save a city? Besides building your inn from practically nothing? Don’t be silly, girl.”
Lasica walked past Erin. She had a wet cloth in hand and she was polishing something in the center of the room. Tails and Scales was very bar-focused, but it had a number of tables. And, Erin had overlooked this, one of the tables in the center of the room was quite strange. It had no chairs around it and the top was flat and black. And it was a solid block, not a table at all, in fact. Erin stared as Lasica checked something, opening a door in the side of the black…whatever it was.
“But—still. Thank you. No one’s been so nice to me before. I should—I mean, I can’t pay you, but I’ll return the favor—”
Erin stammered. She caught Rufelt looking at her oddly. Lasica just shook her head and turned to filling the door with something. Wait. Coal? But Erin was looking at Rufelt’s odd expression.
“What?”
“Erin Solstice. We don’t want money. And you may consider this a favor, but we would rather you didn’t. We did this because we wanted to meet you. Even without that, if I had seen you crying on the street, I would have done just this. Do I need a reason to make you a drink?”
The Gnoll looked at Erin. The young woman hesitated.
“No. Of course not. It’s just…it’s been so long since I met someone who just wanted to…help me.”
Rufelt’s eyes widened a bit. He looked up and Erin knew he was meeting his wife’s eyes.
“Has it really been that long?”
“No. Yes. I’ve met great people. Who helped me out a lot. The Horns, the Halfseekers…but they’re guests. The last time someone just…helped me when I was in pain was—maybe it was Klbkch and Relc?”
A soft intake of breath from behind Erin.
“The Slayer and the Gecko of Liscor?”
Erin laughed at that. She felt incredibly sad and welcomed at the same time.
“No. Just Relc and Klbkch! Klbkch was—he gave me a healing potion for my hand. And Relc? He’s a jerk, and a good guy sometimes. And I think he’s better. He killed the closest thing Numbtongue had to a father and Klbkch is really mean to Pawn. But they helped me without asking for anything. So did Krshia, but that was back then. Since then I help people. I have friends.”
“But you’re the one who supports them most of the time, isn’t that so?”
“I guess.”
Erin looked down at the bar’s countertop. It was very smooth. Very beautiful wood. She heard a footstep, and then felt a light touch on her shoulder. Lasica looked down at her.
“That’s what an [Innkeeper] is. They give shelter to their guests. The best ones do more. I’ve never wanted the job. A [Cook] only has to do one thing. A [Barkeep]’s job ends with their shift. I think you need a break, Erin.”
“I do. I know.”
Erin stared down at her inky, messy notes. A paw reached out and gently tugged them away from her. Rufelt put them behind him.
