6.11
Page 22
Erin’s [Grand Theatre] Skill was still in effect, and at the far end was the stage. And there were [Actors] on the stage, a motley Human crew with a few Drakes and Gnolls gathered around. Ilvriss nodded at them.
“I take it you are resuming your plays?”
“Yup. They’re holding auditions for a new crew. Why? Wanna join?”
Erin gave Ilvriss a smile that was either teasing or mocking. Or both. The Wall Lord snorted softly.
“Hardly. I see the quality of their acting has dropped markedly. Where’s the young Drake who was there? She at least had a presence.”
“They left. Went north, I think. Better jobs. I’m…well, it’s good for them.”
The slight hurt on Erin’s face was another thing Ilvriss didn’t comment on. He sighed.
“A pity. I might have hired them, if only as a novelty act myself.”
“What, to go to Salazsar? Aren’t you still banned from Pallass?”
“Yes, and I continue to protest the fact. But if I can direct your attention downwards?”
Ilvriss held something up. Erin’s eyes went round.
“Hey, that’s—”
“One of mine. I assure you. They aren’t hard to come by, especially not for a Wall Lord of Salazsar. Nor is that door of yours hard to understand.”
“But wait. It’s no good unless you have another—”
“Hawk arranged it for me. Or did you think I would have simply hired him for one delivery? Rest assured, it is in a safe place. It only requires your discretion—and permission—for me to activate.”
Erin stared at Ilvriss open-mouthed. Then her eyes narrowed. He wondered if she’d be outraged, or annoyed. Instead, to his surprise, she just grinned.
“You’re sneaky. Like a snake.”
“An unquestionable insult. But I thank you nonetheless. May I assume I have your approval?”
“Sure…but do you need a distraction or something? Because I can do a great distraction.”
“Spare me. Just a moment will suffice. If you’ll allow me? Take the stone off, give me five minutes, and open the door again. I assume you can count?”
Erin nodded. Then she narrowed her eyes and stuck her tongue out at him. Smiling to himself, Ilvriss stood up. Casually, he walked over to the door, placed the black mana stone he’d shown Erin on it, opened the door, and slipped through.
There was no need for a distraction. After all, people used Erin’s door all the time. And so what if the mana stone he had used was black? Who kept track of the colors? The door was open a fraction of a second for Ilvriss to slip through, then he closed it and knew he had five minutes before Erin would put the stone on it again and open the door.
Plenty of time. Ilvriss didn’t know where he was now. It was dark, but he’d made arrangements so when he coughed, there was a spark of light.
“Apologies, Wall Lord.”
The Drake who lit the lantern was neither tall, nor short. Neither fat nor thin. He wasn’t anything in particular, and it was hard to even remember his face. That was the quality of a good [Infiltrator]. Or [Spy]. Ilvriss wasn’t sure which this Drake was, but he knew the name.
“Lawes of Pallass, I take it?”
“Stationed here at your orders, Wall Lord.”
The Drake nodded to Ilvriss. The Wall Lord nodded back politely. He consulted the notes in his head.
“You’re one of our operatives. Six years?”
“Coming on seven come fall. Yes, sir.”
Ilvriss glanced around the room. It was small, made of stone and mortar. A hut? He continued making idle chatter, trying to gauge Lawes. The Drake was trustworthy, or Ilvriss would have walked into a trap, but you could never be too sure of a spy, even an employed one.
“How long have you been waiting?”
The Drake grimaced.
