6.11
Page 7
“And the Titan—damn, I said his name twice—reads your magazine. That means every [Strategist] and er, chess lover around the world will want a copy of your magazine. How many do you think there are? Thousands. Tens of thousands. That’s your audience. You won’t reach most of them yourself; your magazine’s going to be copied. But you can have an exclusive list who’ll pay you in gold for early access. Don’t take that for granted. So, about the copies?”
Hawk patted Olesm on the shoulder in a friendly way. The [Strategist] stared at him, mouth agape.
“Well I uh, well, I’m having more copies done. But—but I’ll have some tonight! Definitely! I can contact you—”
“I’ll stop by and delay my run until then. Let me know, alright? And remember, keep them away from [Mages] unless you want to ruin my profit margin—and yours!”
Hawk strode off. Olesm gaped at him. Hawk was delaying his run for some of the chess magazines? The Drake felt a surge of elation and fear. Then he had a thought. He turned and rushed back towards Rissa’s shop.
“I’m bus—”
The Drake [Scribe] snapped as the door flew open. She stared at Olesm and glared.
“What? Do you have more of my money?”
Olesm shook his head, panting. He pointed at the papers on her desk. She was already halfway through one copy. He’d seen Rissa work and she was fast. All those Skills. He coughed and spoke hurriedly.
“Those twelve silver coins—they’re for exclusivity, right? You’re not making anyone else any copies. Right?”
He saw the [Scribe] freeze for a second. She glanced down at the papers and confirmed Olesm’s worst fears.
“Well, I—this is hardly enough money to be exclusive. And you didn’t ask. I have my work to do, but I suppose if anyone asked—”
“You can’t do that! Those are mine! You can’t copy them! What were you going to do, make more copies for the Runner’s Guild? The Mage’s Guild?”
He saw the older Drake woman bristle, but her tail was twitching rapidly.
“That’s highly—what an allegation! What I do with works provided to me is my business. If you wanted me to keep it exclusive, you should have made that clear. And if you want me to avoid making other copies, the price will be sixteen—”
“No!”
Olesm lunged for the desk. He tore his precious copy of his magazine away. Rissa made a startled noise.
“Give me that! You paid me—”
“And I want my money back! You’re no longer hired!”
“You can’t unhire me!”
The [Scribe] tried to get up, but her padded clothes made her awkward. And she was hardly fit; she swiped for the copy Olesm was stuffing into his belt pouch. He tore frantically at the half-finished copy on her desk, ripping it to shreds.
“They’re mine! Anyone who wants a copy has to pay me! Me! And if you think I’m paying you sixteen silver—”
“You’ll pay me more than that! How dare you! I have every right to make whatever copies I please—”
The door opened. Olesm stopped dancing about, waving his magazine copy over his head. Rissa stopped reaching for it and trying to stab Olesm with a quill. They turned towards the door. Ilvriss, Wall Lord of Salazsar, stared at the two of them and coughed.
“Swifttail.”
“Wall Lord!”
Olesm stared and then realized he was still fending Rissa off with one hand. He straightened, blushing fiercely.
“I was uh, just—”
“I believe I heard. Miss Rissa Inkscale?”
“Yes? The best [Scribe] in Liscor at your service, Wall Lord Ilvriss. I was just having an incident with a disagreeable client. How may I serve you?”
Rissa hurried behind her desk, beaming at Ilvriss and giving Olesm a death-glare at the same time. Ilvriss eyed her and then turned to Olesm.
