6.11
Page 11
He saw Ilvriss give him a sharp glance. The Wall Lord frowned.
“Those? Those were merely sketches, Olesm. Reproductions of…well, monsters I’d heard about. Hardly my concern. I was more speaking to the loss at the Blood Fields.”
“Of course, sir.”
Olesm nodded. But he thought, privately, that Ilvriss had hesitated for a second. Still, the Wall Lord was all cool grace as he swept into the City Hall and Olesm wondered if he’d imagined it. It was hard to read Ilvriss.
The City Hall of Liscor had traditionally been a place to settle complaints, for the Council to meet, and for officials like Olesm to work. It had been a quiet place, for all it occupied a spot in the center of the city. The Council of Liscor, a body of the heads of the Guilds and so on, were happy that way. But of late it had seen a lot of use. And with Ilvriss stranded in Liscor, he’d practically taken over the place.
A pair of Drakes, Ilvriss’ personal guards, stood at the front doors. And the instant the Wall Lord entered, a female Drake hurried down the steps. She was attractive, and had a pair of spectacles on. Olesm had noted that everyone in Ilvriss’ employ tended to some degree of perfection. Whether in beauty, or in the case of his personal guards in his retinue, skill at arms.
“Wall Lord. Orders?”
The female Drake paused before Ilvriss, glancing at Olesm. Ilvriss nodded.
“Welsca, make a note to pick up the sketches at Miss Rissa Inkscale’s at sundown. Until then, I have need of your services. Young Olesm has his latest chess magazine finished. He requires copies. How many, Olesm?”
The [Strategist] cringed as the female Drake, Welsca Crimsonscale, one of Ilvriss’ personal adjutants, glanced at him. She didn’t look exactly hostile, but he had a feeling that she outranked him as the personal aide of Ilvriss. And here he was giving her work.
“Er, I was hoping for sixty copies, Wall Lord. But I’d hate to—”
“Can you have them done, Welsca? The issue is having them copied.”
Welsca pursed her lips.
“I can, Wall Lord. But I’d need to hire at least one [Scribe]. It would be a simple matter if they’re trustworthy. Have you a name I could use, Strategist Olesm?”
“Er, yes, I do. There’s a Gnoll by the name of Jeckl who’s very reasonable—”
“I will see to it, then. May I see the papers?”
The Drake paged through the reports, eyes flicking over the pages busily. Ilvriss glanced at them with some interest.
“Ah. Interesting chess games. Am I right in thinking they come from Miss Solstice, Olesm?”
The [Strategist] coughed hurriedly. He didn’t want anyone to know that Erin was his mysterious chess master, but Ilvriss was bound to know.
“That’s right, sir.”
“I don’t find the game as fascinating as others, but I can admire Skill. I had some notion of Miss Solstice’s skill in the area but…how would you rate her, Welsca? Welsca?”
The Drake jumped. Olesm thought the red scales on her cheeks turned slightly darker for a second, but like Ilvriss her expression was almost instantly neutral.
“Apologies, Wall Lord. These are magnificent games. Truly…and there’s even commentary on this new ‘Go’ game. Which was first released in your last issue, isn’t that so, Strategist Olesm?”
She looked at Olesm. He jumped.
“That’s right! How did you—er, you read the magazines?”
“I believe Welsca is quite good at chess. As for Go—will they sell well, Welsca?”
“Oh yes, Wall Lord. Quite well. Although—the last section is controversial.”
