6.11
Page 21
“Good. In that case, here’s what I intend to do. First, I intend to make sure Liscor stays in a position of power. If we had to fight the damn Humans as well as the Necromancer and Antinium? No, Liscor must stand and it has many individuals of note. Potential, in short.”
“Is that why you’ve been aiding Strategist Olesm, Wall Lord?”
“Partially. He has potential, Welsca. As does Watch Captain Zevara. A straightforward, trustworthy Drake. I’m not sure about Wing Commander Embria, but the Gecko of Liscor actually fought that thing called Venitra for a few seconds. But we can’t recruit them. Liscor needs them, and it needs to grow from the dungeon. But I can lend my aid, which I intend to do.”
“But you’re still stuck here, aren’t you, Wall Lord?”
Osthia stared at Ilvriss. The Drake grinned, but it was mirthlessly.
“Yes, I am. At least, that’s what I’ve been telling Swifttail and the world. I’m still railing against Pallass, aren’t I? But I have at least one asset I intend to make use of. Welsca? Do you have a copy of Olesm’s magazine?”
“Right here, sir. Would you like to discuss it? It’s quite fascinating—”
Ilvriss sighed. Welsca did love chess.
“No, thank you. This isn’t for me. It’s for someone else.”
“Need you an escort, sir?”
Veel straightened. Perhaps he was ashamed of his estimation of Az’kerash’ strength, but Ilvriss waved a claw.
“No. She doesn’t appreciate rank.”
“Ah, you’re visiting her.”
The other two Drakes sighed. Osthia looked confused. Ilvriss made a face that was partly over exaggerated, but he nodded.
“Captain Blackwing, I’ll be back. I need to visit the first of what might be unusual allies. At the very least, she’s thwarted Az’kerash again. Which means that Erin Solstice has the support of Salazsar.”
“The [Innkeeper]? But what can she do?”
Ilvriss turned, his claw on the door. He twisted the ring and the spell went out. He smiled, for once with genuine humor.
“I don’t know. But I imagine that’s why she’s an asset. No one knows what she’ll do next.”
 
—-
 
Magazines and chess. Ilvriss didn’t actually like chess. But it occurred to him, finally, to wonder just how good Erin Solstice was. He stared at the young woman as she peered at the pages, oohing at the neat chess notation. She was so engrossed that she completely ignored the Wall Lord. Until he coughed.
“Oh, sorry Ilvriss. This is some good stuff! Okay, a lot of it’s my stuff, but these two chess games are good! And Olesm has a chess puzzle! I can’t wait to solve it. Don’t know about the strategy, but he said…nice things about the Goblins, I guess. Why didn’t he deliver it himself?”
There were a lot of things the Wall Lord could say as he sat at the table near the magic door in Erin’s inn. He could have remarked on the lowered number of guests in her inn, or her repeated use of his name rather than his title. But he declined to do so and replied politely instead.
“I believe young Swifttail is ashamed to visit you. Perhaps owing to his involvement in the defense of Liscor’s walls.”
The happy look on Erin’s face faded.
“He should be.”
“For doing what was asked of him?”
Ilvriss lifted a brow. Erin stared at him.
“Yes.”
The Wall Lord considered this and nodded slightly.
“Well, he requested me to bring this to you. Which I did. Perhaps he will work up the courage to visit himself, but for now, I have a small piece of business with you.”
“What have I done this time?”
Erin sighed, putting her hands on her hips. Ilvriss reached for something in his pocket as he glanced towards the far end of the room.
