6.11
Page 23
“Four days. I rented this hut in the village on the pretext of needing to get away from the city on some real gambling debts. The Courier dropped off the stone and it took me hours to locate it; a goat had picked up the bag. I assumed that was the reason for the delay.”
“Ah, my apologies. I wasn’t able to access my side of the door until now due to complications with the owner. Can you keep guarding the door?”
“As long as need be, Wall Lord. But I was told to expect allies from your side?”
Lawes looked sharply at Ilvriss. The Wall Lord nodded. He’d said that, but he’d come through first. If there had been a trap, Ilvriss would have wanted to spring it himself. He had enough artifacts to make any would-be ambushers regret it.
“I will send through two of my men shortly. They’ll occupy the hut. Unless people in the village would ask questions?”
“Not if they stay in this room.”
Ilvriss nodded. It would be four of his people, and Veel would lead them.
“In that case, my next task is simple. I need ten horses, ready to go. Fast and with stamina—I intend to head straight for Salazsar when I leave.”
The Drake [Spy] inhaled sharply.
“It won’t be easy to procure them.”
“You have time. Just do it covertly.”
“Hm. I could make it seem like I’m trying to get some horses and sell them to make up for my debts…I’ll have them in a few days.”
Ilvriss nodded. He was counting down in his head and knew he only had a few seconds left.
“In that case, I thank you for your service. My men will see you tonight. And I will commend your service upon my return to Salazsar with some suitable reward.”
The door opened. Lawes bowed his head.
“You’re too kind, Wall Lord.”
“Hardly.”
Ilvriss stepped back through. Erin blinked at him and then plucked the black mana stone from the door as the Wall Lord shut it. She handed it to him and Ilvriss tucked it into his pocket.
“So, did you have fun? And where did you go?”
“Somewhere convenient. It will take me to Salazsar, assuming my contact isn’t untrustworthy. I’m still unsure, but Captain Veel will ensure that any traps will be dealt with. Should they occur.”
The young woman shook her head as she eyed her shut door. After a second it opened and Numbtongue strolled out, pickaxe in hand. He stopped, staring at Ilvriss. The Wall Lord eyed him and turned back to Erin.
“I only hope you’ll be discreet about this.”
“What? Oh, sure, sure. Hey Numbtongue, how’s it going?”
The Goblin didn’t reply. He was staring at Ilvriss. The Wall Lord glanced at him. He turned back to Erin and the Hobgoblin walked around. Erin stepped back as Numbtongue moved between her and Ilvriss. The Drake stared at him.
“I see you.”
Numbtongue didn’t budge. Ilvriss sighed.
“Numbtongue.”
At last the Hobgoblin moved. He looked at the [Innkeeper] and smiled.
“Hi. Got more magic sludge.”
At last, Numbtongue looked at Erin. He lifted a jar which made Ilvriss turn his head and frown, and then wandered off to a table. The Drake blinked at the jar.
“Was that…raw magicore?”
“Yup. Numbtongue mined the stuff. Or…I dunno, scooped it up? Can you mine a liquid?”
“Yes. But how did he—never mind. I’m afraid my stay in Liscor is now limited, Miss Solstice.”
“Well, you’ll be back, won’t you?”
The Wall Lord blinked. He looked at Erin, who was smiling up at him.
“My home is Salazsar, Miss Solstice. My sojourn in Liscor, although surprisingly pleasant, was just that.”
“True. But I have a magic door and you can always visit. Or I’ll make it uh, go farther. Or you could always ride back to Pallass. Don’t be a stranger, right?”
