6.11
Page 6
Flustered, Olesm presented him with the sheaf of papers, Jeckl’s copy that had offended Rissa. The Courier flipped through the pages, blinking at the chess notation. Olesm winced; it definitely wasn’t eye-catching stuff, unless you were a [Strategist]. But he had a growing audience—some people had sent him a lot of gold in donations! And the Titan had read his work! That had to count for something.
“Hefty. And this is going out by the Runner’s Guild?”
“Yes. I’m sending them by way of City Runner to various [Strategists] I know. I can’t copy too many, but…I’m hoping to do two hundred. Uh, I’d only be able to pay you to do eight or so! You can just bring them to Pallass’ Runner’s Guild. It can go to the other recipients from there.”
Hawk frowned.
“Hm. They can’t copy illustrations at the Mage’s Guild. At least, not unless the [Mage] knows a sketching spell or has [Artist] classes. Sounds like it’s worth my while, then. How much for six?”
“O-oh. Well, if it’s only six, wait, at your rates—”
Olesm fumbled, confused. Hawk laughed. He shifted, his wide rabbit’s feet restless as ever.
“I meant six for me to buy. On top of the eight you want sent out. How much are you charging? Two gold pieces per edition? If it’s only two hundred, this is a limited run, right? That drives up the price.”
He reached for his money pouch. Olesm gaped at him.
“Two gold pieces? No, it’s ten silver!”
“Ten silver?”
This time the Rabbit Beastkin recoiled. He stared at Olesm and shook his head.
“For this? And you’re selling only two hundred? Olesm, friend, you’re going to get ripped off that way. How much do you think these things are worth?”
“Uh—not two gold pieces.”
“Well, no. But people will pay for a premium to get a copy first. Once it gets spread about and people make more copies it’ll be worth less. But Olesm—remember that ring and the note I gave you from you know who?”
Hawk waggled his ears at Olesm. The Drake stared at them and jumped.
“You mean from—”
“—ah, no names. Courier’s code an all. But yeah. If he read your copy, you bet it’s popular. I heard some people were making copies in Baleros of your older editions. And this? This is new. So it’s worth me paying for—if you’re not about to spread them via [Message] spell or something.”
Hawk gave Olesm a stern look. He was lecturing, but only slightly, and Olesm listened. You could learn a lot from a successful Courier, and Hawk was rich.
“There are clients in other Walled Cities who made me an offer to get them one of your chess magazines if you come out with one. They’ll pay double for exclusive stuff like this. As long as its exclusive. Don’t let the Mage’s Guild get a hold of one of your copies unless you want to lose all your profits. And don’t trust the City Runners not to sell it to the first Mage’s Guild, or even the one in Liscor. Some might even get it copied by a [Scribe] too.”
“But isn’t it easy for anyone to copy? I mean, I’d expect that…”
Olesm trailed off weakly. Hawk nodded.
“So would I. So the trick is you make a few copies, say, forty? And you send them off and get paid a premium. Then, after four days, you make up a batch—your two hundred—and sell them to the Runner’s Guild and Mage’s Guild in Liscor and Pallass for cheap. That’s what I’d do.”
“Wow. But people will pay that much?”
Hawk gave Olesm a strange look.
“The Titan reads your magazine, Olesm.”
“But—I know that, but—it’s just a small enterprise! I just started a few months ago, I’ve put out like four editions!”
