6.11
Page 24
For a second the Wall Lord just blinked at Erin. Then, surprisingly, he laughed.
“Ah, Erin Solstice. Perhaps I will return one day. But until then, I’m afraid I will be going. For quite some time. And I’m not sure whether I should thank you. Your company has been exceedingly unpleasant and, somehow, beneficial.”
“Thanks?”
She blinked up at him. And she was so young. Ilvriss bent down to her.
“I will leave in three days. With no warning to Liscor’s Council or anyone else. I expect Pallass won’t even notice I’m gone until I appear back in Salazsar. But perhaps, yes, perhaps I will return. The door will stay in place, after all.”
“And I’ll check every day. Or maybe I’ll just wait until you send me a [Message]. But if you need to come back, just let me know.”
Erin looked up at him. Totally ignorant of what it meant to promise a Wall Lord of Salazsar to help him spite Pallass behind their backs. But that was why Ilvriss almost liked her. She didn’t know who he was, even if she had guessed some of it. And he had guessed a lot about her. So, to her surprise and his, he held out a claw.
“Miss Solstice, we won’t see each other until that night. So I bid you farewell.”
Slowly, Erin reached out and took his clawed hand. She shook it gently, and he was surprised to see her tearing up a bit.
“You’re going too? The other adventurers are leaving and…well, good luck. You have to come back, alright?”
“I will.”
And somehow, he meant it. Ilvriss looked around the inn and thought of Liscor. A proper backwater city, notable only for being a border city to the north. Without a hundredth of the grandeur of Salazsar. Constantly imperiled by monsters. If he had thought of it a year ago, he would have sneered at the notion there was much of worth here? Now?
Now, he slowly reached for his left claw. Ilvriss absently tugged on one of his rings as he spoke.
“I imagine Pallass will cause a fuss. But they won’t figure out what was done, obvious though it may be, for quite some time. They have frail imaginations. I expect there will be some fuss, but I am sure you are quite capable of generating more than your fair share to offset the balance.”
“Oh, definitely. Don’t worry. I know you have a job.”
Erin smiled wetly at Ilvriss. He smiled back. And he wished he had more time. But—
“When you come to Salazsar, speak my name and you will be welcomed. Until then, Erin Solstice, consider this a token of repayment. For the city, for hospitality. A sign, if anyone should ask. If you need it. Hide it. Show it when you need it. And never let it be said a Wall Lord isn’t generous.”
He handed her something. Erin blinked down at it. For a second her eyes narrowed, then they widened.
“But—hey! Ilvriss! Hold on—”
But he was already walking through the door again. For once he left her speechless.
Three days later, he was gone. And on the fourth day, Erin Solstice heard a Wall Lord had appeared in his home city. Watch Captain Venim and the Assembly of Pallass were really not happy about that. She had to slam the door on his foot twice and shout a lot. But they had no idea how Ilvriss had gotten through and she could tell them it wasn’t an [Invisibility] spell without lying.
Frail imaginations indeed. After they’d left and the chaos had calmed down, and in the days since, Erin stared down at what Ilvriss had given her. It was a band of metal. Not half as well-adorned as his other rings or signets of his office. It had no gem. It wasn’t even shiny.
It was a ring of copper. Copper. But someone had written on it in gold. And the engraving said one word:
Salazsar.
