6.12 K
Page 23
“You mean, more armies? More war?”
“Perhaps. It need not come to that. But I wish to secure Hellios. If we do, we’ll have ample time to react to any threat coming from the north. There are a trio of nations bordering our lands at the moment to the north and east. Of them, the realm of Belchan and the Jecrass Republic are closest. Even so, Belchan is eight days north of Hellios’ capital even with a marching Skill for any army. No danger—unless we’re attacked from multiple spots at once.”
Eight days of marching with Flos’ Skill? Teres tried to figure out how far that was.
“How many miles is that?”
Flos counted on his fingers and gave up.
“You’ll have to ask Orthenon when we return. I don’t know exact distances of the places I’ve visited, but I know exactly how long it takes to march an army there, or a group of [Riders]. It’s one of the reasons Orthenon and Takhatres are so invaluable; they can reach the swiftest of attacking forces where Mars or Gazi or I would struggle to react in time.”
“But you sent Takhatres across the desert. Why did you do that? His tribe could have wiped out both Germina and Hellios.”
And saved Reim from nearly falling to the coalition army. Flos nodded as if he read Teres’ mind.
“Takhatres would be invaluable here. But he’s occupying the Empire of Sands. While his tribe harasses them they’re forced to expend forces on him, and he can hit any army trying to cross the desert. My kingdom needs that time. We can manage without Takhatres for the moment. Already you could say Reim has expanded three times over. If I can take control of Hellios and Germina’s armies and their economies, I will have a true base of power to draw on besides my Seven.”
“I guess…”
“Fear not, Teres. My enemies at present aren’t a concern. Any single army a kingdom nearby could field is no match for mine. And as I said, we have ample time to react if Hellios is secure. I’m more interested in the future. Now, I was thinking about our chat from last night…”
Oh no. Here we go again. Teres sighed. Flos had that look in his eye.
“So, these guns from your world. I understand they shoot hundreds of ‘rounds’ per minute. Bullets, which despite being tiny can go straight through armor. But Mars is surely immune to such weapons. Her armor is magical. I’ve seen it withstand countless weapons at point-blank range. A sledgehammer swung by an Ogre couldn’t dent it. A ballista couldn’t pierce her chest plate.”
“I understand that. But they’re guns, Flos. They’re a lot more powerful.”
“How much more? I refuse to believe your bullets have more force than a ballista in a single shot.”
“Oh yeah? What about tanks? They have…armor piercing rounds. They could put a hole in a castle. Can Mars survive that?”
“Yes.”
Flos’ calm expression made Teres grind her teeth.
“No she can’t. Don’t be stupid.”
“You haven’t seen Mars as I have, Teres.”
“And you haven’t seen a tank. Or a missile. They can blow up—look, if one hits her, she’s dead! Maybe she survives ordinary guns and not like…RPG’s or sniper rifles, but she can’t beat a tank. She can’t. One of them rolls through and it’ll shred an army, Mars or not. It has machine guns, Flos. I explained them to you. An army from this world can’t beat one from mine.”
The King of Destruction gave Teres a sideways look, almost irritated himself. He breathed out slowly.
“Fine. I accept the power of your weapons. But you are still incorrect. It would be simple to triumph in a battle I planned against your world.”
He raised a finger as Teres furiously opened her mouth. Instantly, her mouth shut. She glared as Flos went on.
