6.12 K
Page 20
“She is the ruler of Germina. No more, no less. There is no one in the world like her. [Quarass] is a unique class. And the first Skill she obtains is [Memory of the Quarass].”
Teres could guess what that Skill did. She shuddered, remembering the old look in the girl’s eyes.
“Is it evil? I mean, they turned that girl into…”
Flos’ face was troubled. He hesitated, and casually slapped a bug threatening to bite his horse out of the air.
“She would not have gained the class had she not wished it. But you are right, the child did not know what being Quarass meant. Still, if you are asking whether the class and Skill will take her over—it affects her, but each Quarass is different. I should know; I have met three now. Her Skill does not convey wisdom, nor, I think, is it always helpful. But that child had a spark of her own. She may prove to be a better ruler than the previous Quarass. At the very least, she and I are allies. But I will keep Maresar and Venith here until Orthenon may speak with her and establish governance to his liking. And hers.”
Teres digested that. She frowned.
“Okay. But how do the memories carry over? That was like…rebirth.”
“A form of it. It is a function of her class, which, as I said, is unique. A power that Germina somehow discovered. Or created. Secrets, Teres. This world has secrets. The power of the Quarass’ class to resurrect itself is one such, if a small one.”
That didn’t seem small to Teres. She opened her mouth, inhaled a bug at speed and coughed. Flos slapped her on the back, laughing, until she spat out the bug and washed her mouth out twice.
“Beware of bugs. Especially as fast as we travel. My turn to ask a question. I believe I asked you to tell me more about gods on the way here, Teres. You told me much about the various religions…can you elaborate on these holy wars you said took place?”
Teres scowled as she spat some water out. She could still taste bitterness in her mouth. And a feeler. She spat that out too.
“Trey’s the one to ask.”
“But he stayed in the capital. I don’t think he enjoys riding or my company enough. These holy wars?”
Sighing, Teres thought for a second.
“I don’t know. Okay. There were these kingdoms who believed in Christianity. And they had the Pope.”
“He who was highest of the [Clerics].”
“Um…yes? The closest man to god. And he said—I think, something like ‘the people living in these countries don’t believe in our god. Go kill them.’ And that’s what happened.”
“And the nations who practiced Christianity…?”
“They went to war. And they killed a lot of Muslims. And they got killed.”
“Hm. It feels like you skipped over a lot of the details in your account. But I understand the gist. And these nations sent their warriors to fight and die? For a god’s will? Did he manifest to them?”
“Nope. The Pope said so and so everyone went off.”
“On his word alone. Unbelievable.”
Flos frowned to himself. Teres couldn’t help but interject her opinion.
“That’s faith for you. It makes people crazy. Anyways, Trey’s the one you want to talk to. He actually paid attention during the sermons in church.”
“I will ask him about it.”
Flos nodded slowly. He glanced up at Teres.
“Still, faith is a powerful thing. I’ve thought on it, Teresa Atwood. And I believe it is one of the fundamental differences that separates my world from yours.”
“Probably. But I mean, didn’t those people love their Quarass? That entire ritual looked a lot like something religious, you know.”
“Mm. Perhaps it did. But I think there were differences.”
“Which are?”
