6.12 K
Page 4
“No. They’re not a threat.”
“Until they attack someone. I don’t want to lose another soldier to a cut throat. You and I could—”
“No. We have orders.”
Venith bit his tongue. He and Maresar had been assigned to Ger by Orthenon a month ago, when it had become clear that the citizens were not tolerating Flos’ armies. With Maresar’s help, Venith had made it clear that anyone attacking soldiers would be dealt with in moments. She could hit half the city from her vantage point with her bow and no amount of civilians armed with knives or clubs or stones could harm Venith. They were too high-level. Still, today, Venith felt his back crawling.
“It won’t be one or two groups that erupt if this comes to a head. You’ve seen this before. You know this city will erupt in violence and if it does, it will be all of them versus us.”
“I know.”
“So…”
“We have orders. He told us to wait, so we’re waiting. Don’t you trust him?”
“I do.”
Venith ground out the words. He did trust, but it was hard. He shifted, walking back and forth until Maresar caught him. She squeezed his shoulder gently and Venith looked at his wife. He grew calmer again.
To change the subject, he glanced southwest. He couldn’t see anything; a damn dust cloud had kicked up, obscuring the horizon, but he imagined he could still see the capital of Reim, the city in the distance.
“Calac’s in Reim still, isn’t he? With Orthenon.”
The [Lord] spoke sourly. He didn’t quite like Orthenon, although they were on the same side. The King’s Steward had his grudging respect over his friendship. Maresar nodded.
“And one of the twins. And Gazi.”
“Hmf. Do you think he’s well? Calac, I mean. He wanted to accompany us, but after his previous failure—”
“You told him no. So I said no. What more do you want?”
Venith didn’t say anything. Being a [Lord] was difficult. Being a father was worse. He glanced down at the streets again, spotted a girl with a potion bottle, handing it to a man who placed it in his pocket. He grimaced.
“Where is he? He told us to wait, but did he tell you anything? His Majesty?”
He looked up. Maresar bit her lip absently. She was scanning the city.
“No. But he’s here. You can feel it too, can’t you?”
The [Lord] nodded tightly. He swept his monocle across the city.
“What’s he doing?”
“He told me he was going to crush them.”
Venith’s head snapped up. He stared at Maresar.
“The rebels? Himself? By force?”
“Yes. Maybe? And no. He told us to wait. Trust him. You do, don’t you? Or are you having second thoughts?”
“I do. I do. I made my choice and I don’t regret it. It’s just, it’s been so long—”
At last, Venith saw Maresar smile.
“Yes. It has. But if I look at him, it feels like yesterday, doesn’t it?”
“…Yes. It does. Sometimes. Other times…”
“So. Wait.”
Venith did. He saw them moving. The citizens of Ger. They were moving towards one spot, some gathering on rooftops, all of them. Towards a place hidden by a line of houses. He longed to ride down there and find out what—but he had orders. So he waited. And he waited for the King of Destruction. And on the wind he heard the whispers.
The Quarass lives.
But Venith had seen her die. He glanced at Maresar and shook his head. Germina was a Shield Kingdom. Ancient. It had been defeated easily enough on the battlefield, but Venith knew that a kingdom’s power wasn’t always based in the force of its army. There were old secrets. And he feared Germina had at least a few. So he waited. And he wondered where his [King] was. Usually you could spot him by the crowd. And the commotion.
 
—-
 
