6.12 K
Page 36
“Yes. Orthenon received a [Message] not an hour ago. He is preparing to ride to Germina and Hellios to arrange a system of control. We must have their resources, not to mention their warriors.”
“Flos got both nations to cooperate? Just like that?”
“He is the King of Destruction. But no, it will not be that simple. There will be unrest, but that is a job for the King’s [Steward]. And for me.”
Gazi indicated the sword on her back. The famous Named Adventurer and [Scout] was known for her ability to catch spies and plotters. Trey wondered if she would be fine with her wounded eye. Someone had damaged it before she returned to Reim. But Gazi seemed confident.
“If you say so. I just want to see Teres.”
And Flos. But Trey didn’t say that out loud. He both admired and hated the King of Destruction at times. Admired for what Flos was, and hated because he allowed slaves. Because he was still someone who would kill thousands to rule the world. Strangely, that was why Gazi seemed to have taken Trey under her wing. It was a mixed blessing, because of all of Flos’ Seven, Gazi was the one who scared Trey the most. Orthenon didn’t count.
“Well, we will all be back in time for his return. Orthenon moves faster and I will wait for his arrival. But in the meantime—”
“No training, please?”
Trey begged. Gazi gave him a sinister curve of the lips.
“Not yet. I was going to say there’s someone on the road.”
“Is it Flos? Teres?”
Trey heard a sigh as he scrambled to the window. He stared out across the roads leading to Reim, the capital city of Flos’ small kingdom.
“What did I just say? No. It’s someone you know, though. See if you can make them out. Use the spell.”
“The spell? But—”
A foot kicked Trey in the back. He screamed a bit and grabbed the window.
“Okay, okay! Don’t do that again!”
“Cast the spell. You’re capable of it. And you don’t need the staff. Do it with your hands. Concentrate…”
It was hard to do that with a steep drop below and Gazi’s impending foot threatening him from behind. But Trey had been taught by Gazi and she was surprisingly good, if ruthless, at teaching magic. He concentrated, pulling a strand of magic from a reservoir in his body he hadn’t known existed. He wove it upwards, focusing on a spell. Trey spoke.
“[Farsight]. Ow!”
His vision zoomed in, accompanied by a stinging pain as his pupils frantically sought to compensate. Trey blinked, and then stared at the tiny dot that he’d spotted coming down the road. His eyes widened. He saw a caravan of dark-skinned travellers. Camels, a wagon, no, a box with wheels completely covered from the sun. And leading them was a veiled girl he knew.
“Nawalishifra! She finally came!”
Gazi nodded. She leaned out the window carelessly besides Trey.
“She swore an oath. And it seems she’s brought much of her tribe with her. Good. My [King] has lamented the lack of a good [Blacksmith]. We have a few, but…let us greet her.”
“How?”
Gazi turned. Trey froze as he saw all four eyes turn towards him. He gripped the edge of the window, but he felt a hand on his.
“Gazi? Gazi, how—no, no, no—”
 
—-
 
“So, we have arrived. Strike my hands, but this journey was long. And we would have made it quicker had you dung-beetles not gotten half the carts stuck in the sand. This is Reim, is it? It seems too poor to be the home of the King of Destruction.”
