6.12 K
Page 15
“A second thing, Quarass. These child [Assassins] that Germina uses. I wish them stopped. I know your kingdom houses their training grounds and my people have not found them yet. I do not wish the children killed or…abandoned. But let them grow as children. No more of them, not as tools of Reim. Not ever. Have we a second deal?”
The Quarass tilted her head. Her lips were calmly pressed together, her gaze imperious. Teres saw her glance towards her crowd, up at Flos—not one whit afraid. A silent calculation ran behind her eyes, and then she nodded. Her voice was still a child’s, but it sounded like an adult.
“I agree. But I will not stop from using my [Assassins]. They are mine. And we are allies, King of Destruction. The Quarass kneels, but she does not bow.”
Flos nodded gravely. He met the Quarass’ eyes levelly. It was a ludicrous sight, the imposing King of Destruction of over six feet in height stooping to address the tiny Quarass. Ludicrous until they glanced at you.
“Just so. My soldiers will stop patrolling by sundown. Your palace will be cleared by then as well. And if ever you should call, I will come. It is a heavy burden you wear. That invisible crown.”
The Quarass hesitated. The impassive mask slipped suddenly.
“Yes. It is. Thank you.”
For a second she looked like a child again. Then her back straightened and she nodded to Venith and Maresar and the [Soldiers].
“Withdraw them. Those are my people. They should come to me.”
“As you wish. Venith!”
Flos turned and roared. Teres and the Quarass jumped, as well as everyone around Flos. He had an incredible voice. Venith turned and Flos raised his arm. He’d healed it with a potion and apparently shared it about because neither Vaitsha nor the boy were bleeding any longer. Flos waved his hand at Venith in a circle.
“To me! We leave the Quarass to her people!”
The crowd roared and Venith slowly drew the circle inwards, forming around Flos and Teres. The Quarass took a few deep breaths, then glanced at Teres with a frown. She was standing by the King of Destruction and you would have had to have been a fool to not have noticed how she was standing by his side where no one else was.
“Who is this? She is not one of your Seven, King Flos of Reim. Is she a wife? A consort? A slave?”
Teres’ jaw dropped. Flos laughed, and the child-Quarass scowled, embarrassed.
“No. She is not. This is Teres, one of my two personal attendants. Remember her, Quarass.”
“I will.”
Those old eyes swung to Teres and the girl shuddered. She heard the clatter of hooves and saw Venith riding towards Flos.
“To the palace, your Majesty? I can’t keep the crowd back and the ones who fled the city looked—”
“To the gates, Venith! Leave Ger as I promised! Those who fled are enemies of Reim—and of Germina.”
The King of Destruction looked at the Quarass and she nodded. He stepped forwards. Venith dismounted, but the King of Destruction waved a hand.
“Keep your horse, I’ll walk. Teres, with me!”
He beckoned her, and she followed. Just like that, or perhaps, as expected. You couldn’t help but follow if someone like Flos beckoned. The Quarass knew that. She knew many things, for all she was a girl of barely nine years. She was old and young. She had died, and her body had been carried out of the Seat of Ger weeks before. But she now lived again.
The Quarass lives. And as she watched the King of Destruction go, his pledge echoed in her mind. The young Quarass heard a timid voice.
“Quarass?”
