6.13 K
Page 28
“Look at that! Without a Skill, you’d spent hours doing what I just did. That’s why my forge can produce so quickly. I can handle the first shaping of metal, and my apprentices can take care of the details. And if I need to, I can take a sword from the raw steel to the finished blade myself! What’s wrong with my method? My steel?”
“I don’t know, Master Daiton. Nawal’s uh, prickly. But she is good, I think. It’s just—”
A voice interrupted them. Trey turned. Nawal was standing behind him. She was still veiled, and her clothes still covered most of her body, but she’d rolled up her sleeves. Her bare arms had muscle and she held a hammer in one hand. Both Daiton and Trey stared at the odd sight. But Nawal’s voice was cold.
“Impure. Your steel is impure, and your forge only builds in more impurity, for all you clean away by striking it. We will show you true blacksmithing now. But we must have steel to do it. All we have brought is Naq-Alrama steel.”
“So. You’re ready with your little magic circle? Your forge isn’t even hot.”
Daiton pointed at the furnace, which was indeed flameless. Nawal stared at Trey.
“We have our own heat. Steel. Have you any of quality?”
“I have pucks and bars. All ready to be processed. Take your pick of my inferior steel and make me a blade better out of it!”
Daiton growled. Nawal looked at the bars of steel he’d indicated. She went over to some, grabbed one, discarded it, found another, tapped it against the table, listened, shook her head, and found another. It took her five minutes before she came back with eight bars of steel. Daiton’s eyes bulged.
“What are you doing with that? Do you plan on robbing me too?”
Nawal glared at Trey, who glared back. He was getting sick of being the supposed middleman!
“We steal nothing. But we need enough steel. This will do, I suppose. We must fold the steel.”
“What? It’s been folded! That’s good steel, right there! We hammered it out of the pucks!”
Nawal gave Daiton a scornful glance before she caught herself.
“You hammered it into shape. But you did not fold it. Did you bend the metal on itself? How many times did you fold it, then? Ten times? Twenty? Sixty?”
“Sixty—you’d get nothing left if you folded steel that many times!”
“Nothing but pure steel.”
Nawal turned. Trey thought Daiton would tear out the rest of his hair, then. He threw up his hands, red-faced, furious.
“Fine! Take the steel! But you’d better have a sword by sundown, or I will see you pay for all the steel you’ve wasted! Show me how fast you can make a sword!”
He snatched his hammer and strode away, his apprentices scattering in front of him. Trey found Daiton swearing and striking his hammer on the other side of the shop. The [Blacksmith] turned to him, glaring.
“They’ll never do it. A sword on top of folding all that metal? Never. That girl understands something of the craft, but she’s arrogant by far! I’ll make her tribe pay for all the metal they used, his Majesty’s orders or not.”
Trey feared this would come to Flos’ attention, but he didn’t know how to stop it. And part of him was curious to see if Nawal could back up her big words. He looked back at Nawal, who was laying the metal flat and speaking with Silmak, who was still busy with his magic circle.
“Uh, Master Daiton, what did you mean by folding steel?”
