6.13 K
Page 23
“Bugger me. Is that…I’ve seen this pattern before!”
Damascus steel. It looked exactly like it! Trey stared at the fine, wavy lines on the metal of the sword, almost like the patterns of wood grain, or water running through the steel. Daiton puffed out his chest, delighted that Trey had noticed.
“Ah, sir! You have an eye for steel? You recognize the decoration? It’s pattern-steel. Forged from multiple types of steel, forge-welded and hammered together…all my swords are like that! Although you can only see the pattern on these ones.”
He indicated the swords in the barrel.
“These are obviously swords meant for officers. Note the etching and the hilt work? The rest of my apprentices can make swords to various degrees of quality, but we don’t bother etching those with acid.”
“Wow. That’s incredible!”
Each of the swords had its own unique pattern, and as Trey looked around, he saw more swords in the process of being made. And each one was made like that?
“It’s all pattern-welded, as I said. That’s my style. I take multiple layers of steel, forge them together and create a blade out of the result. You see, it adds to the strength of the finished product and it produces this lovely pattern. As steel forging goes, you’re hard-pressed to beat it.”
Daiton showed Trey what he meant. He’d taken several flat pieces of steel and melted the ends together. That turned into a ‘billet’, or a solid chunk of steel.
“See, the trick is you take these individual pieces and squeeze them together. Thus, weaker steels mix with the good if there are impurities or flaws, and the entire piece is stronger—and beautiful if you take the time to work it right. It’s a technique I use for every sword, and his Majesty himself has used some of my blades—although he breaks them with every other swing!”
Daiton laughed and Trey, reminded of Flos’ insane strength, had to laugh too. He looked at Nawal who was inspecting the sword Daiton had first shown Trey.
She didn’t look nearly as impressed as Trey thought. She peered at the edge and tapped the metal with her fingernail. She frowned closely at the pattern, then shook her head slightly. Daiton didn’t notice, but Trey walked back over.
“Isn’t it beautiful? Daiton’s a good smith, isn’t he?”
He desperately wanted Nawal to see something wonderful in Flos’ palace to impress her. But the veiled girl only looked p and shook her head.
“For art, and an officer’s blade I suppose? But it’s just a pattern. No more.”
“But that’s Damascus steel. It’s legendary, isn’t it? Really tough and really strong?”
Trey protested. That was Damascus, right? But Nawal was shaking her head.
“It’s not. I’ve seen steels with a similar pattern—you mean the steel that naturally has these little lines, don’t you? That’s a pure steel. Superior to this. This—this is just a pattern, made by the metal.”
Trey deflated slightly at Nawal’s mater-of-fact voice.
“Oh. But this is still a good sword, right?”
The look Nawal gave him was…well, it went straight through Trey. She leaned over and whispered to Trey as Daiton came back.
“Ask him to show you the ones he’s made. Not his apprentices.”
“What?”
“Anything the matter? I can show Miss Tannousin my process if she wishes.”
Daiton beamed at them. Trey gulped.
“Uh, Nawal was wondering if you had any of your blades she could see, Master Daiton.”
The man looked confused. He gestured to the sword Nawal was holding.
“Miss, uh, Nawal is holding it there.”
