6.13 K
Page 9
Someone laughed. Erin paused uncomfortably. She was still new to the economics of this world despite having lived here—food was cheap to an extent, but anything magical or high-quality like armor and weapons, especially enchanted ones, were exorbitant. But she was sure that a kitchen knife wasn’t worth even ten gold coins.
“Er, no thanks. I’ll ask around.”
“Get lost, then.”
Pelt turned his back on Erin at once. She glared at his back. Then she heard more laughter and a louder voice.
“Hah! If Pelt won’t make you what you want, why not stop over here, little Human lady? I might have time!”
She turned. Pelt’s forge was located next to Maughin’s, which was on the right, but on the left another smith was working. Alone, unlike Pelt who had a single Drake apprentice and Maughin’s space, which was two forges filled with workers. Erin saw a Gnoll in a large apron and nothing else waving at her. She headed over, blinking at him. He was a tall, lean fellow with long, wiry arms.
“You’re a Gnoll!”
“Well observed, Miss.”
The Gnoll leaned on his anvil, grinning toothily at her. Erin blinked, and then laughed with him. He had one of those infectiously good-natured personalities, and the attitude of joking when he spoke. She liked him at once.
“Sorry, I just thought most Gnolls don’t smith! Fur and all that.”
“Well, it does get in the way. But I’m no ordinary smith! I normally don’t work here, in fact, but I’ve rented the space for the day. How do you do? Bealt. City Gnoll and [Farrier]. At your service.”
He held out a paw, the fur singed and sooty around his hand and Erin, smiling, shook it. She felt a strong grip and a rougher paw than some of the Gnolls’ hands she’d touched.
“Erin Solstice! [Innkeeper] and uh, City Human!”
That made Bealt laugh again. He was setting up for the day with long, thin bars of metal about half a finger length’s wide, and pouring charcoal or maybe coal—Erin couldn’t honestly tell the difference if there even was one—into his furnace, arranging it just so.
“Pleased! So, you need a knife, Miss Solstice? Yours run out?”
“I think so. At least, it’s fairly dull, but I was shopping for a new knife anyways. Er, a special knife for really tough stuff like bugs or…I was thinking of cutting a Shield Spider up and serving it to some my guests!”
Bealt nearly lost his grip on his hammer. He swung around.
“Shield Spiders? And you want to cook one? Wait—you must be Miss Erin Solstice of Liscor! The crazy Human with the inn! Why didn’t I realize it before? Let me shake your hand again!”
He shook her hand, laughing, and sniffed her this time.
“Ah, but I heard of what you did. And heard more from my kin in Liscor, although I’ve not gone through to visit. Welcome twice, then! And if you need a knife, I think I can fit you in. I don’t have that much work, you see, but you might need to wait.”
“I literally have nothing else planned for today. So I can wait!”
Bealt chuckled.
“I mean, I’m going to be at least a few hours! I rented this space to make some horseshoes.”
“Horseshoes?”
Erin supposed that was a traditional blacksmith-y thing to do. But Bealt grinned.
“Yes! It’s my trade. I always like to have some ready, and Pallass has enough horses to give me all the work I need. I am a [Farrier]—do you know what that is?”
“Er…I don’t. Sorry, I was going to ask.”
“No problem! Farriers are simply a type of smith that also deals with horses. I clean their hooves, shoe them—and if they throw a shoe or get injured, I’m the one called to help them.”
Erin began to recall her vague and limited farming-related knowledge.
