6.13 K
Page 36
“That’s Pelt for you. Miserable drunk he might be, but he won’t accept any imperfection in his metal. Pallass churns out the steel some of the smiths buy, but he refuses to use it. Forges his own steel himself out of iron with his apprentice; and even then he’ll discard anything that has impurity. Not that I know how you’d be able to tell by just looking.”
“Maybe it’s a Skill?”
Erin suggested. The Drake shrugged.
“It’s probably a Dwarf thing. A Skill should be faster, shouldn’t it? Either way, he’s going to lose if he doesn’t hurry up.”
And he was right. Pelt was on the eighteenth horseshoe when Bealt threw down his hammer and raised his paws in the air. There was a groan from Maughin’s apprentices and Pelt just scowled, but both smiths kept working. After all, they had promised to make twenty perfect horseshoes each.
And then they were done. All three collected their twenty shoes and placed them on their anvils, Pelt’s in a mess, Bealt and Maughin’s neat and stacked. And somehow, it fell to Erin to be the judge.
“Oh wow. Yep. Those are identical. Ahem. Looks like good…steel? These are made of steel, right? Nice sound they make. I bet if I was a horse I’d love these on my feet. Wait. You hammer these in with nails, right? Maybe not.”
Erin wandered from anvil to anvil, lamely inspecting the horseshoes in front of the audience. The thing was…the thing was…they were identical. Each one. Even Pelt’s, when she organized them. She could even see through the holes on Pelt’s when she stacked them all together, he’d hammered in the holes that perfectly. And Maughin and Bealt’s, if not that flawless, were too close for anyone to object to.
Erin came to a stop in front of the three waiting smiths. Pelt was scowling and Maughin looked disappointed. Bealt was smiling. Erin cleared her throat awkwardly.
“Well, these look really good. So…I guess Bealt wins?”
There was a rippled through the audience. No one looked happy, although that had been the nature of the bet. Pelt kicked over his stack of horseshoes, growling.
“So the damn Gnoll can heat his horseshoes faster. So what? Mine are flawless! Not a hole out of place! Can he make anything else better, or is shaping a bar of metal all he can do?”
“I can do better. But no one challenged me to more. And I think I’ve proved a [Farrier]’s worth.”
Bealt smiled as he looked at the other two. Maughin frowned.
“Speed at least. But if I this was a matter of decoration, or of a more complex shape—”
“Sour grapes, Smith Maughin. Or do you have another task in mind?”
“I wouldn’t shy away from another wager. Say, drinks and food?”
“But what would we forge?”
Pelt growled at the two. Bealt blinked. He looked at Erin.
“Well…I do have one more promise to fulfill. A certain knife for Miss Solstice. Which the two of you were too busy for, weren’t you?”
He looked at Pelt and Maughin. The two smiths turned to Erin. She grinned weakly.
“Oh, that? Well, I need a knife, sure. But is that really—”
“That settles it! A knife, and not just made fast, but made well! We’ll test them and the sharpest, the strongest—”
“And the most beautiful.”
“Yes, all those win! Let the [Innkeeper] judge! Not just us three! Any [Smith] that wins we’ll pay for as the master of blades! Who’ll join?”
Bealt turned. Half the smiths shouted agreement and strode to their forges.
“Wow. A competition? Er—this is like one of those game shows. Only, with knives instead of food. Is there something like that? Iron Blacksmith? Um—”
