6.13 K
Page 24
That was what Trey had thought. But Nawal gave both of them a surprised look. She eyed the blade again, closing one eye to stare at the metal. She tapped it and shook her head. She gestured at Trey and he leaned over.
“What’s the matter? That’s the sword Daiton made.”
“But it’s impure. The steel isn’t that good. It’s a poor sword. Tell him that.”
“What? No it’s not. I can’t just—”
“Anything wrong?”
Daiton looked concerned. Trey glanced at his face and gestured helplessly at the blade.
“It’s uh, Nawal is just studying the metal. She’s uh, wondering about the quality. Of the metal?”
The smith nodded understandingly.
“It’s a fair question. We have to buy iron scrap—it used to be we got our shipments via caravan, but I suppose now we’ll have access to Hellios’ iron mines. That would certainly improve the quality of the iron. And our steel. Still, the pattern-welding accommodates even for poor stuff, so I’m confident we could do twice as many swords per week if…”
He stopped as Nawal finished inspecting the blade. She put it slowly in the barrel and turned to Trey.
“It’s a bad sword.”
“What?”
This time Daiton heard. The smith’s jovial expression turned to shock and then anger in a second. Nawal glanced at him and then looked at Trey.
“Ask him how he made it.”
“He showed us, Nawal. With the metal and—”
Trey glanced fearfully at Daiton’s face. Nawal stared at one of the apprentices.
“And he takes the steel afterwards and has his apprentices forge it? Like that? Out in the open?”
She pointed. A journeyman was taking a solid billet of the pattern-welded steel and striking it with a hammer. The white-hot metal was being hammered out until it was longer, and longer.
“Um—er, Master Daiton—”
Daiton scowled at Nawal. He addressed her directly.
“Yes. That’s my process, girl! What of it? Look, this is how I do my work!”
He strode over and interrupted the journeyman at his task. Daiton took the hammer and began pounding away at the metal, glaring daggers at Nawal the entire while. Trey blinked. The journeyman had been hammering at the metal, but as Daiton struck it, the anvil rang with the force of his blows. Everyone turned to look as the metal began to flatten ten times as fast under Daiton’s hammer as the other men.
It wasn’t just strength; Trey saw a man with huge arm muscles hitting a piece of metal an apprentice held with a huge mallet of a hammer and not moving it half as fast a Daiton. As the metal in front of Daiton cooled, Trey saw that he’d lengthened it a good foot. He picked it up with his tongs and put it back in the furnace to reheat. He strode back to Nawal, glaring at her.
“With my Skills, I can cut the time it takes to make a sword in half! Do you know of another [Blacksmith] who can work like that? I have over a dozen Skills that help me with shaping the metal quickly! [Steady Rhythm], [Malleable Metal], [Twicelasting Fires], [Blazing Forge]—”
He began listing off Skills on his sooty fingers. He was glaring now and Trey was afraid Nawal’s sharp tongue had ruined Daiton’s goodwill. But Nawal was staring defiantly past Daiton’s shoulder, still not meeting his eyes. She looked at Trey.
“Tell Master Daiton that he has the Skills to move metal faster and with more ease. But that does not change what I said. His steel is poor steel. Poor quality of metal. And his swords are likewise flawed.”
The forge suddenly went silent. Trey hadn’t realized everyone was listening. Now the hammers went still and everyone looked at Nawal. She refused to meet anyone’s gaze but Trey’s. Daiton rumbled ominously.
