6.13 K
Page 11
“Perhaps. I understand Gazi is done teaching you for the day.”
The man shot a glance at Gazi, not especially friendly. She smiled toothily at him.
“Trey protests he’s overworked. And I think you want me to deal with Clan Tannousin, Orthenon.”
“Correct. You have your eyes on them?”
Gazi tapped a finger on her right cheek. Trey hadn’t noticed—you didn’t really stare at Gazi’s revolving eyes unless you didn’t want to eat—but two of her eyes had been rolled up in the back of her head all this time while the other two roamed free.
“Already watching. They appear to be settling in. I detect little guile from them. Just worry. It is in their body language. The ones mentioned were the leaders.”
Orthenon nodded, patting his lips with a handkerchief. He’d already finished eating! Trey stared. Forget Flos or Mars, Orthenon was the quickest! And somehow, the cleanliest!
“I doubt they’re spies, but if you could monitor them, I would be grateful.”
“Of course. And I will guard Reim in your absence. You ride to Germina?”
Orthenon’s brow creased slightly. Trey looked between him and Gazi, trying to read the unspoken words as much as the spoken ones. Some of Flos’ vassals did not get along, and Orthenon and Gazi’s relationship highlighted that. They were professionally courteous, but Gazi had said plainly to Trey that she and Orthenon weren’t always on the same page. Although…they had been a couple once. That boggled Trey’s mind as well.
“I will be departing tomorrow morning, yes. The Quarass must be spoken to, although I expect she will restore order quite quickly. Nevertheless, I intend to relieve Venith and Maresar and set up contacts and arrange a system while we are there. We must have Germina’s soldiers joining our army soon, not to mention their [Assassin] corps.”
“More spies for me to watch. Move them slowly. I don’t have enough eyes, especially with this one missing.”
Gazi sighed and tapped her main eye gently. It was always closed, still healing or still damaged from whomever had poked it out. Orthenon nodded brusquely.
“I will keep you informed. As for Hellios—I may have to spend weeks there, dealing with the aftermath of his Majesty’s edict. It will not be easy, although the abdication of Queen Calliope will smooth things considerably.”
“Speak to Prince Siyal. His Majesty desired his cooperation.”
“Naturally. Until then, Trey.”
The young man jumped as Orthenon looked back at him.
“Yes?”
“His Majesty will return soon if he is travelling at full speed. No doubt he will wish to stay in Reim and you will of course accompany him. Until then, if this Nawalishifra seeks you out, accommodate her reasonable requests. She is a guest and one of rare talent. I still don’t quite understand how the Tannousin Clan was persuaded to send a caravan to us.”
Orthenon drummed his fingers on the table. Trey looked blank.
“They’re that impressive? I mean, I know that magical metal they make is really good. But how special is it?”
Both the Steward and Gazi exchanged a look over Trey’s head. Gazi smiled slightly.
“A Naq-Alrama blade would suit his Majesty. But Clan Tannousin normally charges a fortune even for a dagger made of their metal. The fact that we could persuade one of their smiths, even a young one, to journey here is a great boon. They normally take no sides, and only sell their blades at bazaars like the one we visited.”
“I understand you’re to thank for that, Trey.”
Orthenon frowned again at Trey. Sometimes he did that too, as if he was trying to figure Trey out. Gazi nodded.
