6.13 K
Page 39
The apprentice urged Trey over. He stared at the blackened exterior of the blade. It was the right shape, but the metal was all sooty. The exterior needed to be ground away, and the quenching wasn’t the entire process either as the apprentice explained.
“Tempering comes after. You heat the blade—not as hot as the quench—and put it in oil. You do that again and again to get the exact hardness of the metal you need.”
“So it’s not done?”
“No, Sir Trey. But the quench was the biggest hurdle. See the blade now? It’s straight and true. No more warp. No cracking on the edge, though. Ready for grinding.”
“A good sword.”
Trey said it automatically. But his eyes went to Hesseif and the big man shook his head. Twice quenched. And the steel wasn’t perfect. Trey was far from an expert, but he was getting a sense of the Tannousin clan’s objections.
So was Daiton. He scowled as he stared at Hesseif and Trey. His eyes slid to Nawal and the metal she was working on and he snapped at another journeyman smith.
“Another sword! Hand me another—I’ll make this one excellent. Where’s the one Makel was working on? Give it here!”
He grabbed another unfinished sword. His hammer fell, and hers, making the metal ring. This time Daiton beat the metal in a furious rhythm, elongating the sword, pausing, his hammer tapping the edges lightly, giving it an edge, smoothing the metal. But his was one sound in the forge. And when Nawal began her hammering again, her sound joined him.
Two rhythms. The other smiths worked as well, hammering, sweating, aiming for the place where the metal should be. Trying to coax steel to move. That was the endless beat of the forge, the work of smiths as their hammers rose and fell. Ceaseless, until they paused to let the metal heat. And then the hammers fell again and again.
 
—-
 
The ninth floor of Pallass rang with sound. Erin had heard it before when she’d stepped off the elevator. But now the sound filled her ears. It was hypnotic.
Dozens of sweating Drakes, Dullahan, and a few Gnolls, almost all male, some even bare-chested (although that just meant scales or fur or armor, so did it really count?) due to the intense heat, labored in their forges. Each one forging a blade. A knife. For her. But really for them.
Each one had a different design in mind. But each followed the same pattern. Heat and strike. Move their metal into shape. With nothing but brawn and sweat and the tools they had.
A crowd watched the impromptu competition. Younger smiths too unsure of their skills to compete, and onlookers who admired the skill of those who shaped metal. Among them was a huge Drake [Mage] with bulging muscles of his own who’d taken his apprentices to watch and observe.
Grimalkin was nodding, looking extremely satisfied as he watched the display. A few teenage girl Drakes and Gnolls were eying the male blacksmiths and giggling. But most of the audience was actually older, and had come, like Erin, to see experts at work.
It was amazing. Each smith was pounding away at the metal. Maughin’s huge hammer fell, like a miniature clap of thunder each time, pounding his billet of steel flat with ease. Across from him, Bealt was curving his blade, his hammer moving almost too fast to see.
