6.13 K
Page 32
“She can’t do that for more than a few more tries. Surely. A smith needs air! That girl will hurt herself! You—do you let her work like this all the time?”
Daiton rounded on Bezha. The woman was watching Nawal. All the Tannousin clan were. Some were sitting, others standing. But their eyes were on Nawal as she slowly made a circuit of the magical circle and stepped back in. Metal rang.
“She has a Skill. More importantly, the Tannousin smiths are trained to hold their breaths at a young age. If they do not gain this Skill among others, they are not meant to be smiths. This is a pattern Nawali has learned since she could hold a hammer. Look. She has the pattern set now.”
Bezha replied calmly to Trey. She pointed. And Trey saw Bezha was right. Nawal was tracing a pattern in the ground. And he saw how each step, each phase was predetermined.
Hammer the metal for exactly forty four seconds. Return it to the runic box to heat. Step outside the circle and breathe. Return to the circle, wipe her hammer and anvil once, reclaim the metal. Hammer it again, return to the furnace. Breathe.
It was a pattern. And Nawal kept to it, though she had to work without air. Sweat was already running down her forehead, dripping down her veil.
“Her clothes.”
They were thick. And that veil couldn’t have helped either. Trey looked around. Bezha’s eyes were steady.
“That is how she must dress.”
“In the forge? But it’s so hot. And the air—can’t she take a break?”
“When she is done, she will rest. Now she forges. This is a competition, is it not? Where is Smith Daiton’s sword?”
Bezha looked at Daiton. The [Blacksmith] looked down and realized his metal had gone cold. He cursed, shoving it back in the furnace.
“That girl’s still folding the steel. This isn’t even the first step if she wants to use all eight bars and make a sword! I’m halfway done—I just have to beat out the shape. This is no fair match.”
But he’d lost some of his confidence in saying it. Bezha just turned her attention back to Nawal. And the girl traced the time in her slow steps. She took the metal, already reduced, out of the runic furnace. Trey saw her take the second bar of metal and place it in the furnace. Nawal began to hammer the first one, lengthening it, turning it into a flat bar of metal. The first of many she’d turn into a solid piece. Into a sword.
Her hammer flashed. She worked in silence, without air. And then she began to speed up.
 
—-
 
This is how Bealt made a horseshoe. He took a bar of metal, heated it in his furnace until it was bright yellow, and then took it to his anvil. There he placed it against the round horn of the anvil and raised his hammer.
One, two, three! Bealt’s hammer flashed down and the metal rang. He hammered a bow into the horseshoes. Then, he flipped it and used the round horn of the anvil to bend the rest of the horseshoe into shape.
“So that’s what that pointy thing is for!”
Erin laughed in delight. The Gnoll [Farrier] grinned. From the straight bar of metal he’d made a ‘U’ shape, almost a horseshoe already! He grinned, and Erin thought he would continue hammering. But the metal was already red, cooling so quickly she couldn’t’ believe it. So Bealt placed it flat on the hammer and grabbed the odd spike.
“What’s that for?”
“Fullering. That’s what it’s called, Miss. Making holes in the horseshoe, so it can be nailed to the hoof. See the little groove? It’s so the nail heads don’t stick out when hammered in. See? Watch.”
