6.13 K
Page 8
Erin spotted the two [Blacksmiths] she’d been introduced to yesterday. Maughin, the giant among Dullahans, and Pelt, the Dwarven smith. Both were at work, but that was a generous term in one case. Maughin was busy tending to some metal in a furnace and instructing some of his journeymen at the same time, but Pelt was leaning on his anvil, scowling at some metal and hitting it with desultory whacks of his hammer. He was clearly hung over and not feeling it.
There was some irony in the two working side-by-side. As Erin approached, she saw Pelt grimace as someone hit a piece of metal especially hard in Maughin’s smithy. He turned and bellowed.
“Can’t your apprentices keep up a decent rhythm, Maughin? Or do all they know is how to hit something too hard!”
“Better that they have energy to spare than none at all.”
The Dullahan’s head glared back from its seat in a small basket where it could watch the metal heating in the furnace. Pelt snorted and flipped his hammer, catching it by the hilt.
“If I wanted to, I could do my job and yours. Don’t make me come over there!”
“The only time you’d come over is if we had anything to drink. Leave my apprentices alone!”
The two snapped at each other and got back to work. Erin eyed Pelt. Hm. Now, what had her friendly guides to the city said? You went to Maughin for reliable stuff, and Pelt for masterworks. Well, the Dwarf looked cranky, so she headed to Maughin first.
“Excuse me! Hey! Excuse me, Maughin!”
“Don’t enter the forge, Human! We’ve hot metal about! Master Maughin’s busy! If you have a request, make it at the shop! Third floor!”
A female Dullahan stopped Erin, shouting as she picked up her head. Erin backed up a few steps, but she saw Maughin’s head turn.
“Ah. Miss Solstice. Lasica and Rufelt’s acquaintance. What can I do for you?”
He walked over swiftly, motioning his apprentice back. Erin smiled up at him.
“Hey! Maughin, I was hoping I could commission a knife. Er, mine’s all dull and I thought I could use a new one. So…”
The Dullahan was frowning and shaking his head slightly.
“A knife, is it? I would oblige you, Miss Solstice, but my forge is swamped with orders. I won’t have time for at least three days to even think of something like a knife. But there are plenty of good smiths on this level. Ask about their forges. You might be able to squeeze in the order.”
“Got it! Thanks!”
He nodded and went back to work. Erin backed up.
“Well then. I guess—hey! Your name’s Pelt, right!”
The Dwarf looked up and winced as Erin walked over. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Maughin look back at her, twisting his head all the way around on his shoulders. Erin smiled as the Dwarf gave her the exact opposite of a smile.
“Oh, you. The Human. What do you want? A knife? Go to hell, I’m not taking orders, and especially not for anything that doesn’t involve lots of gold.”
“Aw. But I could use a knife and I heard you’re good. Plus, you’re not that busy.”
He sneered at her.
“I’m working on a gear. For those damn elevators. You’ve probably never seen something like this—”
He indicated the half-forged gear. Erin was a bit impressed when she looked and saw it resembled a proper gear like she’d find in a clock, teeth and all. And he was doing it by hand, which was crazy enough!
“What, that? I know gears. Yours looks nice. Big one, though. Probably needs a smaller gear to make it work. And uh, one of those rotating axle things. You sure you can’t make a knife? I can pay.”
Pelt looked at Erin. He stared at his gear, looked up, and then glared.
“No. You want a knife? A hundred gold pieces and I’ll forge you one.”
