6.13 K
Page 15
Trey stared at Ulyse, mouth open, about to take a bite of his bread. Ulyse stared past his ear.
“I understand Lady Gazi is quite adept at teaching. But—perhaps her focus is narrow? If we had time, one of our members would aid with your instruction, Trey Atwood. This is what I meant to bring up, an offer for later as Jelaim did.”
He said that despite Gazi being right across from him. Trey hesitated.
“Er, thank you? But Gazi’s teaching me a lot. Quite…quite a lot. I don’t want to put you to any trouble.”
“Ah, but his Majesty, our [King] Flos asked. And we have been too busy to follow his wishes. And a young [Mage] should have as much instruction as possible.”
Ulyse blinked slowly at something only he could see, shaking his head sadly.
“However, Parasol Stroll is much smaller than the Serpent Hunters, as befits a group of [Mages].”
“But no less deadly.”
Gazi cut in, smiling slightly at Ulyse. The [Mage] bowed back, and Mirin raised her parasol and unfolded it. Her bright crimson-and-indigo parasol spun as she bowed, an elaborate gesture for such a simple compliment.
“You honor us, Lady Pathseeker. Our numbers do indeed allow us to fight an army many times larger, but I fear it is still a weakness. Especially since we serve as his Majesty’s sole [Mages].”
Ulyse looked mournful. Then he took Trey’s bread and began to eat it, speaking to the young man and to the air again.
“We are stretched thin. Too thin, accompanying the armies in Hellios and Germina to provide magical aid and protection, as well as to send basic [Message] spells. Reim lacks for [Mages]; all left in his Majesty’s slumber. And Reim never had as many [Mages] as some nations even in its glory. Only the one was famed throughout the world.”
Mirin nodded. She spoke quietly.
“Amerys. If she were here, his Majesty Flos would not need to fear enemy [Mages], at least. One wonders why she has remained in Wistram. Perhaps she truly has turned traitor. A strange thought, though.”
“Yes.”
The word came from Gazi. And it was so heavy that Ulyse’s eyes focused on her and both he and Mirin as well as Trey hesitated. All four of Gazi’s eyes had focused for a moment on Mirin. And her smile was gone.
At once, both [Mages] stood up. Ulyse nodded.
‘We’ve given offence.”
“It was not taken.”
Gazi smiled, but it was her fake smile that Trey had learned to spot. And Ulyse was not fooled either.
“We leave you to your lunch, Trey. But one more thing. I think you still have a staff in your quarters? Mirin complains that it gives off an aura at night.”
Trey jumped.
“How did you—”
Ulyse nodded.
“It was a powerful staff you took from the [Geomancer]. A useful tool for magic, but not if you lack the spells or experience to control it. We can teach you how to use it to augment your powers. I will speak to Orthenon or Lady Gazi when we have time to teach you more spells. Until then, Trey Atwood.”
He bowed and turned. Both of Parasol Stroll headed away from their table. Trey stared at their backs, at his now-empty plate, and at Gazi.
“Are all of King Flos’ vassals a bit crazy like that, Gazi?”
The half-Gazer looked at Trey with all four eyes and he shuddered. But then her eyes focused and two rolled back in her head.
“They are all unique, Trey. As people are. I am no longer hungry.”
“Because of what Ulyse said about er, Amerys? He’s a bit weird, but he doesn’t’ mean—”
“I don’t take offence from him, Trey. But what he said is true. Amerys was loyal. If she is not returned, it is concerning. We need her. And if she is an enemy, we must know.”
