6.13 K
Page 45
“She will only quench it once. If she fails, the sword is worthless. See how she heats only the edge? She can tell how much heat is in the blade. It must be perfect or else the spine will be too hot, the edge too cool.”
“But—”
Trey’s voice trailed off. That was the Tannousin clan’s way, wasn’t it? Perfection or nothing. He imagined all the hours of work going to waste. And he prayed Nawal would do it correctly.
“The oil.”
A group of men led by Hesseif dragged the barrel over. Into the circle where air wasn’t permitted. Not even here would air touch and corrupt the blade. Trey saw Nawal lift the bright edge as the rest of the blade cooled, dark or red. He thought she hesitated once. Then she turned and approached the barrel of oil.
There was no ceremony. Nawal thrust the sword into the oil and no smoke emerged. No bubbles rose; it was, after all, a vacuum. She stared there, gently shifting the sword, pulling it out of the oil, dipping it back in. And then the sword came out and Nawal turned. She stepped out of the circle and held the sword up. And she spoke, in a voice hoarse from hours of disuse.
“It is done.”
A sigh ran through the Tannousin clan. The smiths around Daiton stared. The sword Nawal held dripped with oil. But more than that. It gleamed.
There was no scaling, no soot or burnt metal. Nothing a traditional fire or quench would leave on the steel. And Nawal had hammered the metal so finely, with such precision that no marks existed on the smooth metal.
It was not perfect. There was no handle or hilt to the sword, just the bared tang. And Trey could see the edge wasn’t there yet. But the metal still looked beautiful. It had taken so little of…of anything, be it soot or that scaling on Daiton’s blades. It was just metal, gleaming after the oil bath.
“Who will sharpen it?”
Nawal looked around. She staggered and hands reached out. Bezha caught her. Another man took the blade, as careful as could be. A grindstone appeared, and smaller files were produced as the Tannousin clan members gathered around the blade. Silmak turned to Trey and the other watchers.
“Hers is to shape the metal. The rest of the clan performs other tasks, such as sharpening the edge, detailing it. Etching with acid. We will only sharpen today.”
He bowed slightly. Trey bowed back, not knowing what else to do. He heard a noise and looked sideways. Daiton was staring at the blade as it was slowly sharpened with exacting care. The [Blacksmith] spoke through numb lips.
“I—have not seen a [Smith] make a sword from a raw piece of steel in a day for years. Let alone…what level are you? Who taught you?”
He looked at Nawal. The girl was being held up by Bezha and another woman. She spat the veil out of her mouth as they offered her water and something to eat. But her eyes were no less fierce than they had been this morning. She looked Daiton in the eye.
“I am Nawalishifra of Clan Tannousin. My father forged Naq-Alrama steel. That is my only claim, but he taught me all he knew, and if I lie, may my blood water the sands.”
The older smith met Nawal’s gaze. This time it was he who looked away, not her. He stared at Trey and his voice was lost.
“I have heard of the desert tribes and their famous smiths. But I thought there was little difference, even for magical steel. I thought…”
