6.14 K
Page 17
The door closed. Trey stared at Flos.
“You’re going to draw a map?”
“Of course. It sounds entertaining, and I do know the various nations. But while I wait—there was something else I was going to do, Trey. Issue an edict and form a unit.”
“What, like a proclamation? And why a unit?”
Trey frowned at Flos. The [King] chuckled.
“Sort of. I’m not talking about regular edicts and units of soldiers, though. I’m referring to a [King]’s Skills. It’s past time you learned more of mine.”
“Isn’t it dangerous for me to know?”
“Dangerous as in secret? No, I imagine most of my Skills are well-known. And I want to explain this because I’m wrestling with which edict to issue. You see—hm, how should I explain this? Well, you know that as a [King], many of my Skills affect my kingdom, don’t you, Trey?”
The young man nodded. Flos nodded as well.
“It’s a boon, especially if you consider how large a kingdom can be. And a single Skill can do…ah, so much! Now, generally kingdom-wide Skills are rare, even for rulers to obtain. I have a few, like a Skill that allows my soldiers to level up quicker. That is a very powerful Skill, if a low-level one for a [King] specializing in war. But just having it can make my nation more powerful than one without a high-level [King] over time, you see?”
Trey did see.
“So your powers affect your kingdom, but not yourself as much. That’s why you’re weaker than Mars in battle.”
“Exactly. Her Skills are almost all specific to herself. But mine affect more people. Both have their merits, but one thing a ruler can do is issue…temporary Skills. Or should I say, conditional Skills? For instance, I have the power to issue an edict over my lands. But only one, and should I issue another, it will replace the first.”
“Oh. That’s exactly like a video game. Like a buff. I get it.”
The King of Destruction paused, looking miffed.
“I’d forgotten how much these video games of yours resemble this world. I must try one on that phone of yours.”
“It’s out of battery, remember?”
“Hm. Yes. Drat. I recall. If only there was a way…you had that cord thing, don’t you? Maybe Ulyse could charge it. He can conjure lightning, if not as much as Amerys.”
Trey sincerely doubted Ulyse’s ability to conjure electricity would do anything but fry his iPhone, but he nodded.
“Maybe…but go on about edicts.”
“Hm, yes. I can only have one. And before you say that it is a simple task—an edict shapes my will and my kingdom. I cannot change it as easily as one might change boots. It’s just like blessings, honestly.”
“Blessings?”
Flos waved a hand.
“A type of Skill that monarchs gain. Again, you may only have one active. [Blessing of Rains], for instance, was considered a wonder in Chandrar because it guaranteed regular rainfall, however little. I have one, and only one. But edicts? I have three. And each is powerful, but comes with a cost, so I have not been willing to use one yet. But with three nations nominally under my control, it is time to use one.”
“Okay then. What are they?”
Trey leaned forward, a bit excited despite himself. Flos took a drink, smiling.
“Neither Drevish nor Tottenval. Well, my edicts are, [Edict of Bloom], [Edict of Silversky], and [Edict of the Blooded]. Care to guess what each does?”
“Er, I don’t know about Silversky, but one sounds like restoration, and the other like war.”
The [King] looked pleased.
