6.14 K
Page 25
“No need to risk your life, brave Courier. I am already indebted to you; you were the only Courier who answered my call. May I ask your name? I’m told you call yourself the Sky’s Mirage. Is there a reason for the nickname?”
The emerald Garuda shrugged, opening her wing arms slightly.
“It’s not the name I chose, but nicknames seldom are. Apparently it came from those who saw me on the ground as I flew high above the sands of Chandrar. I’m told my feathers on the blue sky are a lovely sight from the ground. But I’d prefer you just use my name, your Majesty. Or have you forgotten me?”
She looked directly at Flos. The King of Destruction paused, and his eyes narrowed.
“Have I? I’m sure I would remember someone so striking…but we have met, haven’t we? Were you a City Runner, once? No. No, wait. Your plumage. And your voice…you were a Street Runner who delivered my message to Drevish when assassins sought his life! How could I have forgotten you, Chaita of Keymos!”
The Garuda opened her beak in a brilliant smile.
“You do remember! And you were the first person to ever trust me with a message of such importance.”
Flos held out his hands and took Chaita’s wing-hands.
“You saved Drevish’ life, then. I am ashamed to forget. Chaita, I would welcome you into my palace and feast you any other night. And should you ever tire on your journeys or fear for your life, come to Reim and you will be welcome in any land under my rule, I promise you. But I fear I must ask you to swiftly deliver my message.”
“Your Majesty is too kind. And it is my honor.”
Chaita ducked her head. Flos smiled sadly.
“Do not let that endanger your life. For this letter will soon be known by all. But the rulers of each nation must know first. So. It is here.”
He reached for something at his side. A bag of holding, because the scrolls he pulled out were far too large to have been hidden anywhere else.
“They are not sealed by magic or any other device. You need not wait upon each ruler to hear them read aloud either. In fact, I warn you it might be prudent to leave before you witness their reaction.”
“I shall bear that in mind. But I am a Courier, and even the King of Destruction’s messages are bound by the Runner’s Guild.”
Chaita accepted the scrolls and delicately put them into her own bag of holding. Then she turned and walked towards the balcony.
“I would stay longer, but it is a long flight. Your Majesty, I may take up your offer again.”
“I will be waiting. Chaita of Keymos, I will not forget your name again.”
Flos bowed slightly and Chaita bowed as well. Then the Garuda leapt, and she was gone from view, flying in the night sky before Trey could blink. It had happened so fast that some of the shouting of intruders in the sky was still going on by the time Flos closed the balcony doors.
“And that is that. I apologize, Trey. And it seems I’ve kept you from your sister too long. Have you any questions for me?”
Trey had about a thousand as he always did. But he decided to ask only one, the obvious one.
“What was on the scrolls?”
Flos shrugged wearily.
“As I said, a message to the other kingdoms. All of them, not just the ones I listed on the map. Which you may keep, by the way. The scroll is simply a dictation of…my terms. Or would it be easier to call it a warning? Ah, well, either way. The prelude to war if they so choose. Don’t worry, I informed Orthenon of my plans and he did not object. Much.”
That sounded ominous to Trey. But Flos didn’t appear too bothered. He fished around in his bag of holding.
“Ah. I have a few spares. Here. Read it and see.”
