6.14 K
Page 6
Jelaim, the leader of the Serpent Hunters, strode down the hall. He called a challenge and his eight warriors mockingly took it up. They threw their weapons at him, first two, and then four daggers. They passed within inches of Jelaim’s cheeks, sides, one through the gap between arm and armpit as he walked forwards in a sauntering pace. Then the warriors threw eight, all towards his chest.
They were going to hit! Jelaim paused. He bowed as the daggers flashed at his chest—then towards his face! There was a gasp—
And a [Mage] appeared. His parasol spun, red and black, and the daggers went flying! His parasol knocked them aside as if it were as strong as steel. The daggers flew erratically, but the [Mage] snapped his fingers and they halted in the air. He folded his parasol with a flick, and then waved it in the air, tracing something burning in the space above his head.
And then sparks filled the sky. They drifted down, bright, glowing embers of light. Only, this spell went wrong, because rather than go out or burn harmlessly, it turned out they were quite real! Half the audience ducked under the tables as the burning flames landed and the abashed [Mage] waved them away. Jelaim laughed as he bounded onto a table.
“To the King of Destruction! Serpent Hunters, a show of arms!”
Two of his warriors unsheathed longer blades, a shortsword and a scimitar. They lunged at Jelaim and he dueled them both, his blade flashing across the table as they pivoted and whirled, both lashing out with real envenomed blades, but never touching each other in a display of perfect skill. And then the [Mages] returned as one and cast a spell. And Nawal and the other members of the audience looked up and gasped. They laughed; they shouted in horror and cheered.
For here were miracles. Here was magic and might and a sight to delight the eyes! But as Nawal watched, as her eyes travelled back to the laughing [King] on his throne and saw his boisterous laughter replaced by a melancholy smile on his face, she wondered what wonders had passed in this very room in days of old. Her heart hurt to imagine what had been lost.
The display went on for half an hour. Between the Serpent Hunters doing a few duels that took several minutes, and three spells from Parasol Stroll going wrong and taking a bit of time to clean up, there was ample time for Nawal to rediscover her appetite and clear her plate twice.
When it was over, Parasol Stroll swept the King of Destruction a bow alongside the Serpent Hunters, and the applause filled the room, even from the group of people that were slightly singed, wet, or smelled mildly of turnips.
“My gratitude, Ulyse, Jelaim! You have captured a bit of the past, and for that I thank you.”
Flos got to his feet after the show had ended. He commanded silence, and had it. The King of Destruction looked around and down at Orthenon.
“We have feasted my return. And welcomed our guests from Clan Tannousin! But now, I think, it is time. For I have heard there was a dispute between my [Smith], Daiton, and Nawalishifra of Clan Tannousin. It seems both have forged a sword. And it falls to me to decide which is the better work. Is that so, Orthenon?”
“That is the quarrel as I understand it, your Majesty. And both blades are present. Master Daiton.”
Orthenon stood up and gestured. The servants hurried to the back of the room and returned with a blade, wrapped in black cloth. At the same time a man sitting at one of the tables nearby stood.
