6.14 K
Page 14
Trey had eaten during the banquet. And chatted to Gazi, and watched the show, and worried for Nawal. What he hadn’t really done was talk to Teres. Things were still awkward between them.
Oh, they’d said hello. Trey recalled them reuniting after the week or so apart. She’d found him playing with his sand sprites and wondering to himself if Nawal would be okay.
“Hey. I’m back.”
“Oh. That’s grand. How was it?”
“Good. It was—okay, here’s what happened…”
And they’d talked. And Teres had given Trey a full accounting of what had gone down with Flos and the Quarass and Hellios and he’d been properly amazed and asked questions, but at no point had he sat down right next to her and leaned on her shoulder or vice-versa. At no point had they began talking so fast their words overlapped, or hugged each other or…or felt close.
They felt like friends. Or family members. Or like brother and sister, even, but not like twins, which is what they were. So close they could sometimes know what the other was thinking. But now Trey couldn’t tell what Teresa thought. She had changed. And so had he.
They’d fought. And they still hadn’t figured out how to come back together. Trey wondered if they ever would. He wondered if they should. They’d been so angry at each other at the time.
Gloomily, Trey picked at his food. He kept glancing up at Teres because he had the feeling she was doing it when he wasn’t looking. Finally, there was a point when they both looked up at the same time and caught each other staring.
“Uh.”
“What?”
“I was just—”
“Okay, fine, but it’s only—”
They stopped. And grinned at each other, because they’d had a moment of simultaneous understanding.
What? I was just checking to see if you were checking. Okay, fine, but it’s only because I want to talk to you. Idiot.
She missed him after all. Trey scooted closer, taking over Gazi’s spot. Teres rolled her eyes.
“You think she sat between us on purpose?”
“Could be. She’s like that. Sometimes she’s nice—”
“Hah!”
“She is! But she hides it. I told you. And sometimes she likes being mean. Like she was to Nawal. But she’s never really mean—”
“Tell that to his Majesty. He told me all kinds of things on the road. Gazi’s dangerous, Trey. She was a slave once, you know that?”
“I do.”
“Well…he found her and raised her and I guess she was a lot more timid. But she became one of his Seven by killing a lot of people. A lot.”
“I know. She said she got to be one of Flos’ best vassals by playing up being scary.”
“I don’t think scary’s the right word. Here’s what I heard she did once from Flos. There was this spy, and she ate both his eyes and then—”
“Excuse me, Sir Trey. His Majesty requests your presence at once.”
Trey and Teres jumped. They saw one of the servants beckoning to Trey. He swallowed a moment of disappointment and then an impulse to tell the servant to go away. That might work on Flos, well maybe, but his servants treated the King of Destruction’s words like law, and they would drag Trey if need be.
“Me? But—what about you, Teres?”
He looked at his sister, hoping she would come with him. But the servant just shook his head.
“His Majesty ordered only your presence. This way.”
He was already impatient. Teres made a face.
“I bet he wants to talk to you about all kinds of stuff from our home—”
She waggled her eyebrows, although Trey wasn’t sure how secret their secret really was to begin with.
“—to you. I couldn’t handle it. Go on. I’ll talk to you tonight.”
“Promise?”
“Promise. And you can tell me about that veiled girl. She’s a [Blacksmith]?”
