6.14 K
Page 19
“So which will you use? Will you use any of them?”
Flos grimaced.
“I must. It is an advantage I cannot turn down. And I think—yes, I think the [Edict of Bloom] is the one I must use now that I say it out loud. War may be imminent, but it is spring, and there is no better time for it. We will be able to reap two spring harvests or an earlier autumnal harvest this way.”
He gently slapped his hands together. Trey flinched, expecting the edict to begin right then and there, but Flos just shook his head.
“I will issue it tomorrow. It requires at least a bit of ceremony and I wouldn’t spring it on my subjects. They will know what to expect. Now, onto units. If I explain edicts, we should explain units before my servants return.”
He gestured at the door. Trey blinked, wondering why it was taking them so long. Flos grinned.
“They’re probably trying to find a table they can fit through the doors, and parchment worthy of me writing on it. Never mind. Units are simple, Trey. And they are a Skill that reflects across [Generals] as well. We may designate a group to have certain…qualities. To be granted powers simply be inducting new members.”
“You mean, like a group of warriors who all have flaming swords?”
“Ah, exactly. Except that if it’s my Skill, they don’t need to have enchantments on their blades. Their swords will simply burst into flame when they draw them. They’ll have burning armor too, I suppose, although that would be inconvenient.”
Trey’s jaw dropped. He’d only meant that as an example!
“That’s good too! Why haven’t you made one of them yet? Wait…”
Flos was twirling a finger, smiling. Trey thought and applied a video game’s logic to the answer.
“…You can’t yet because you haven’t met the requirements.”
“Ah! A splendid answer! That’s exactly it, Trey. I have several units I could call into being and none of them I can yet form. Some units are simple to create—such as only needing some [Riders] to form a cavalry-based unit like [Driftwind Riders], who always have the wind at their backs. But more powerful units require certain conditions be met. For instance, a group of riders who also all wear heavy armor to become the [Steelshorn Relentless]. In which case their armor—which was already a pain to deal with—becomes twice as thick. Thankfully, they weren’t immune to lightning.”
Flos sighed as he poured Trey a refill of his drink. Trey gulped some more down.
“So how’ll you fix that problem?”
“By checking on how many enchanted blades we have. I don’t need too many, just a hundred or so—”
“A hundred?”
“—to form the weakest of my units, yes. Even if all the blades are only slightly magical, turning a hundred soldiers into a unit would make them considerably stronger in battle. But I don’t think I took that many. The Quarass’ treasury and Hellios’ had gold and other artifacts I’ll have Gazi sort through, but not quite enough blades.”
Again, Flos sighed. Trey choked on his wine.
“You robbed both treasuries? I thought you allied with the Quarass!”
The King of Destruction tugged on his beard.
“Of course. But I still need gold and her artifacts were going to waste. I will share with her of course, but as our armies will fight together, my officers need them most. Venith’s shield is enchanted, but he could use some enchanted armor like the old days. And if I had a few artifacts for Parasol Stroll…”
Trey sat back in his chair. That was Flos for you. One second talking about the benefits and demerits of Skills, the next casually robbing kingdoms of their treasures. He heard the door open.
