6.15 K
Page 8
She owned a beautiful sword, slim and agile, a [Fencer]’s blade which suited her because she had that class. The silver bell was another thing she never went without, which irked Raelt for all of his fatherly love. He hated bells. He had a sword, but he refused to let bells near it.
“Yes, Jecaina. The letter arrived during breakfast. It quite ruined it, actually. You would have been able to read it. If you’d been there.”
It was a mild rebuke and it bounced off Jecaina as she tossed her head, letting her hazel-green hair fly for a second. It was a peculiarity of some of Jecrass’ bloodlines that their hair could actually turn green. Raelt’s hair was simply a light brown, but his daughter had inherited the rare strand of color from her mother.
“I was riding with Liass and Mellia. Besides, the letter hasn’t gone anywhere. May I see it?”
“Later. I need to speak to Minister Lyfelt about it. Don’t bother Geril for it, Jecaina. I’m sure you know what it says.”
Her eyes sparkled.
“The King of Destruction’s peace! And he’s calling for his subjects, or anyone who claims loyalty to him! Isn’t it splendid?”
“I don’t believe I used that word, did I, Geril?”
“No, your Majesty. I believe that word is not suitable for her Highness’ ears.”
Jecaina laughed.
“You swore, father? But it’s not a threat! We can give the King of Destruction what he wants. And isn’t it a wonderful chance? I could ride to Hellios, or maybe even Reim and see him now that he’s sworn to peace!”
“Absolutely not, young lady. You’re not to go riding anywhere near the border, much less on another week-long jaunt.”
Raelt had a miniature heart attack at the thought. Jecaina scowled at him. They were nearly of a height, both tall, inheriting the royal family genes.
“Father! I can handle myself. And surely the King of Destruction wouldn’t stoop to kidnapping.”
“He might not, but someone else might. You are Jecrass’ heir and next ruler by right.”
She tossed her head again, challengingly. Much like her favorite horse, actually.
“I only have half the claim. If you had a child, you could nominate them. And I could go adventuring!”
“Spare me.”
Raelt grumbled under his breath, although Geril was nodding in agreement with his daughter’s suggestion. King Raelt was as yet, unmarried, and he had no children, at least directly. He looked down at his daughter, dismayed. Jecaina of Jecrass was little like her adopted father. She was more like her mother, who was Raelt’s half-sister.
That technically made Raelt the uncle of Jecaina, rather than father. But it was her mother who had given birth to Jecaina after a tryst gone wrong and she had abandoned her daughter. So Raelt had raised her.
It was a story everyone in Jecrass knew, but only Jecaina brought up her heritage. Anyone else who tried that, River Warden or not, would be heaved straight off the Sunset Corridor balcony.
“I don’t intend to get married soon enough for you to join any of Flos’ subjects and ride to his capital, daughter. And you should be wary of the King of Destruction’s proclamations. He is a dangerous man. Possibly the most dangerous in the entire world at this moment.”
Jecaina’s eyes widened. She protested, taking an aggressive step towards her father as if she were about to lunge.
“But father, he’s a legend! I grew up hearing stories about the King of Destruction—everyone did!”
