6.15 K
Page 17
An oasis, and not a mirage. The watering grounds were really just a hole in the ground where water had collected. Enough to let people live and as such anyone in Pomle would invariably visit the place for the precious resource. It was also the most populated area, as those less inclined to solo survival had made some structures here, or found a reliable source of food from the thirsty birds and animals that came to drink from the watering grounds.
The Strongest of Pomle and the [Secretary] of Pomle set a quick pace at first, but it slowed when it became clear that their definition of ‘quick’ varied. It wasn’t that Salii was out of shape; she had lived in Pomle and that was a harsh lifestyle at times. But Orjin was just too quick. He slowed to a crawl as she huffed and caught up to him, jogging. Orjin waited for Salii to catch her breath and then spoke.
“I have never asked it, Salii, but what brought you to Pomle?”
It had been five years since he’d known her and this was the first question he’d really asked beyond her name and what she did. Salii glanced up at him, surprised. The Drake swished her tail and shrugged. She consulted her little sheet of parchment secured to the clipboard of wood as she spoke. It was one of the things she always carried with her.
“I thought it would be a challenge. Pomle has no industry. No trade goods or proper economy to speak of. There are no bureaucrats, no system of government besides the tradition of the strongest, and no treasury. There isn’t even a proper waste disposal system in Pomle.”
“We bury our waste far from the water.”
“I meant sewage, Orjin. Half of Pomle’s citizens live in tents or isolated structures, very few of which are made out of stone. The rest sleep in the open. This place would give any other [Secretary], [Overseer], or [Manager]-class nightmares.”
“So, why did you stay?”
“Well, I thought I’d level up faster here.”
“And did you?”
The Drake [Secretary] gave Orjin a toothy smile. He smiled as well. That was a good answer, all told. For if you were coming to Pomle, it was probably to do just that. Level up, to be alone, or to find a challenge. Pomle was not a place where you came to be famous or make a fortune. It was a special, small nation, the newest to Chandrar.
“Here we are. Oh, Ancestors. Some of the monarchs have already arrived! Orjin, you need to say something.”
“What?”
“I don’t know! Give the peace speech you did last time.”
“Very well.”
He sighed. The watering grounds were clearly visible ahead of him. He could see the relatively wetter ground were occupied. Someone had set up tents here, and not the weathered homes of some of Pomle’s residents. These were bright, silk affairs and there were pennants flying from the top of them. Horses, people…Orjin couldn’t remember when he’d last seen so many gathered here.
“Let’s see…this looks like Mediv, Xem, Lamullt—none of the huge nations are present yet. But these are still [Kings] and [Queens], Orjin. Look. That’s one delegation right there, by the edge of the watering grounds.”
Orjin saw them. Two dozen riders, looking for a place to tie up their mounts. And that was just the main group. It looked like a small group of richly-dressed folk—the [King] and [Queen] perhaps, and a son—along with some courtiers. Behind them were a double-row of soldiers riding camels. They were trying to eye the other guests at the watering ground and shot Orjin and Salii a distrustful glance as they approached.
“[Camel Knights]?”
“Something like that. I’ll announce you—”
“No need.”
