6.15 K
Page 16
Pomle was a small nation. If you looked at it on the map it would be almost a complete circle, a little dot sandwiched between other nations, right at an intersection between four, in fact. It was a tiny nation, smaller even than Reim had been. But it was important, for Pomle was known far and wide as neutral territory.
It had no government, no rulers, and those who came to Pomle were free to do as they pleased. Most who lived in the country trained for combat, [Martial Artists], hermits practicing some style of weaponry—more than one famous warrior had trained in Pomle’s single oasis or on the plateaus of its grounds. But other sorts came to Pomle too. Outcasts. Refugees. Criminals.
No one regulated them. Or at least, no one actively made the people pay taxes or follow any rules. Troublemakers were dealt with. Murder and crime were also not tolerated; Pomle’s warriors would take matters into their own hands. Only two things held any sway over Pomle. That was the tradition of the Strongest, and Salii.
Orjin was the Strongest of Pomle. It was a simple title and there was an even simpler way of choosing the Strongest. Whoever beat the current leader of Pomle took his or her place. Orjin had won this position eight years ago and those who had challenged his position had all been defeated. There hadn’t been many challengers, actually; few people wanted the position. Most just wanted to live peacefully, and the Strongest had obligations.
One of those obligations was listening to Salii. No one could quite remember when she’d appeared. It had to be five years ago? At least. But one day she’d shown up and started ordering people about. And they had listened mostly, because she had good ideas. Like how to settle quarrels over bathing. Organizing a place for children to play where adults wouldn’t accidentally intrude. Even convincing a [Mage] to draw some runes of preservation so food could be stored.
Things like that. Orjin hadn’t questioned Salii at first, and she’d gotten him to do any number of tasks he wouldn’t normally, from sorting out troublemakers to quelling monsters. He didn’t mind that; monster fighting was good practice. But sometimes she had requests like these.
“Why must I be there? For the status of the other rulers? If that is simply it, I will refuse.”
“Not just that, Orjin. All the monarchs are bringing escorts. And if they fight each other, it might be war. And that war could involve Pomle. If you’re there, you can make sure no blood is spilt—er, less blood is spilt.”
That made sense. Orjin tilted his head towards the sun, sighed, and then nodded.
“I have some more colorful clothing with my things. Let me dress.”
He stood up. Salii watched him leap over the collapsed pile of rocks, and run towards a tall plateau of orange-red rock that defined Pomle’s geography. Orjin wasn’t long; he moved fast and before more than two minutes had passed he was running past, with a more formal skirt made of bright, colored cotton, and a loose cape of some kind of animal or monster hide. He still had no clothing on his upper body, though.
“Where’d you get that?”
“A [Merchant] gave it to me once, for saving his life on the road. Will it do?”
“It’s…fitting. Okay, come on. Let’s walk to the watering grounds.”
Orjin nodded. He walked across the bare, cracked earth with Salii. She was fully clothed and wore shoes; he did not. He was barefoot, but he didn’t feel the heat radiating up from the ground. Nor did he sweat as much as the Drake. The two headed towards a distant spot where a small stand of trees had grown up, and water gathered.
