6.15 K
Page 30
Femithain spoke to Nsiia in a little bubble of silence. He’d included Orjin in it for some reason, but the man made no comment. He sat back down and listened as the two spoke quietly.
“Illivere is neutral, Empress. But I think that word means something different to all those present. I would warn you…”
“Not to ally with the King of Destruction? As I said, I am neither his ally nor his enemy for now. You are all intent on being his enemies, Crafter-Magus.”
“He is not a man who inspires peace, Empress Nsiia. But I fear it is too late for talk of alliances and enemies. I would caution you to…to simply be wary. You see, even your form of neutrality is a side. And when all those present skew one way, neutrality of your sort appears to be something else. This meeting was more than to measure the reactions of each ruler to Flos of Reim’s demands.”
Nsiia’s gaze sharpened as she looked at Femithain. The other monarchs were watching him warily as well, but the Crafter-Magus was unreadable.
“I see. Thank you for the warning, Femithain. Perhaps…”
He held up a finger.
“Let us leave it at that.”
“Mm. Then I will take my leave.”
Femithain bowed his head. Nsiia nodded curtly and turned to Orjin a final time.
“Was this an extraordinary day for Pomle, Strongest? Or was that battle one of many?”
Orjin thought about the question and then shook his head.
“Today was another day, Empress of Beasts. Perhaps I will remember it as extraordinary. But I think it meant more to those who came here than to Pomle itself. I thank you for your gift. Should you return, Pomle will be open to you.”
The Empress of Beasts smiled sadly and nodded.
“True words. And true neutrality. Such is Pomle, I see. If we meet again, Strongest of Pomle, I would like to speak longer. You were the most enjoyable person to talk with here, however briefly. But I think I shall be quite busy.”
She turned and raised a hand. Her animals laughed and roared and trumpeted and screamed and the Empress of Beasts departed. The other monarchs watched her go. They spoke for an hour after she left, in silence. Orjin watched them. Then they too went.
“Salii.”
The [Secretary] was counting the jewels Nsiia had presented them when Orjin found her. She jumped and guiltily closed the coffer’s lid.
“Er, I was just—what?”
“Are you able to make sense of what passed here?”
Orjin sat with the Drake. She hesitated and bit her lip.
“I do have a letter. A second one, not from the King of Destruction.”
“You didn’t tell me you received one.”
“That’s because Pomle received no such letter. I…copied it. There were several being waved about, and their little magical silencing spells can’t stop a [Secretary]’s Skills. Not one of my level. Would you like to read it?”
“Yes.”
The Drake nervously handed Orjin a letter, an exact replica of the ones he’d seen in the other’s hands. He blinked at it.
“How? We don’t have paper.”
“I can copy any material I want. Once a day. I told you I leveled up fast here. Read it.”
The Drake urged Orjin. Slowly, he opened the letter, noting the seal.
It was a letter from the Emperor of Sands. An envelope that smelled of rich spices, oils, and was written on white paper and gilded with some red metal that shone in the light.
“I see.”
Orjin read for five minutes. He read the letter twice. Then he calmly ripped up the letter, but he didn’t throw it away. It would make good kindling for a fire. Salii winced, but said nothing. It was better that the letter be destroyed anyways, rather than anyone know it had been read. The Strongest of Pomle looked at his [Secretary].
