6.15 K
Page 18
Orjin had spotted another group at the edge of the watering hole. They were leading their horses to drink and he thought he could tell the [Knights] apart, if only because they were wearing the heaviest armor of all the three groups. They were offering the water to their horses, and chasing away some of Pomle’s people from the watering hole. Orjin could hear one of them shouting as he approached.
“Clear off! This is Lamullt’s royal escort! Anyone who interferes with the path of his Highness of Lamullt will be dealt with!”
The [Knight] speaking looked hot, irritable in the dry weather, and out of patience with the children and people of Pomle, none of whom were showing him deference. Orjin could see they were the owners of the silk tent, striped yellow and white. And the [Knight] was keeping the others from the watering hole.
“Orjin—”
“You there. Back up. This is Lamullt’s—”
Another armored man blocked Orjin’s way as he strode past the bright tents. He glanced dismissively at Orjin, and then noted the man’s body with another frown. He put his hand on his sword.
“This is King Victal of Lamullt’s—”
“The watering grounds are open to everyone. Stop interfering with Pomle’s citizens.”
Orjin stared at the man. The [Knight] glared at him.
“Did you not hear me? This is Lamullt’s [King] residing in the tent over there! He has claimed this space in preparation for the meeting of the monarchy. This…hole will be free for others to use it when—”
He got no further. Orjin was reaching out to brush him aside and watching the man’s hand tighten on his sword. He wouldn’t get the chance to unsheathe it if he tried. But before he could, and violate the law of Pomle, a shape hurtled past Orjin and a wooden clipboard smacked the [Knight] in the face.
“Gah!”
“Back up!”
Salii slapped the [Knight] over the head as he jerked back. He tried to grab his sword, but the [Secretary] dealt him two more swift blows to the head with the edge of her clipboard. She was quick, and Orjin stopped to admire her technique. Before the [Knight] could draw his blade or his comrades interfere, Salii was shouting at him.
“You, draw that sword and you and Lamullt violate the peace of Pomle! And you, the idiots at the watering hole! Pull your stallions back! If they foul the waters, they’re horse meat!”
The [Knight] at the watering hole jerked his head around. He scowled at Salii.
“How dare you. And who is this?”
He pointed at Orjin, who was looking around, surveying the other two camps. Nobles, retainers, servants—they were making a mess as they set up everywhere. He felt disgusted; normally he’d let any caravan go through Pomle and just stay far away, but he had to be here for this? On the other hand he saw what Salii meant. All three nations had brought warriors, escorts, and they would be a hard fight to put down for most of Pomle’s warriors if they started one.
“Shut up and move those horses back! Draw that blade and you will lose that hand! This is the Strongest of Pomle, Orjin! And in this land, none of you have any rights beyond entry! If you offer violence in this place, you void that right!”
Salii was shouting at the [Knights], waving her clipboard in the leader’s face. He stared at Orjin, glancing at the man’s bare chest and his skirt made of cotton. Orjin thought it was a wonderfully colored thing, but he glanced to one side and saw a group of what might have been nobles in rich silk attire staring at him. Orjin returned the look blankly, and then saw someone push the tent flaps back.
