6.15 K
Page 13
“Anyone who would follow the King of Destruction wouldn’t vote for my party or for me, would they? And I’ve already had to deal with a few incidents involving his supporters in some of my cities. Unpleasantness. I’ll be glad to wash my hands of them.”
Unpleasantness? Raelt shifted uncomfortably. It sounded a bit like what Warden Dulfe had described.
“Treat them with care, Lyfelt. The King of Destruction cares for his subjects.”
The bust rolled his eyes.
“I won’t be hanging them, Raelt. I’ll just turn them out and let them go on their way. It will free up housing, solve the issue of those damned fights over the King of Destruction—”
“So you’re going to do it.”
“Of course, of course. But I won’t make that decision until parliament’s fought it over for at least a day or two. And I’d encourage you to do the same. I’ll send over a few [Messages] when I’ve pinned down some of the other nations on a joint agreement. Feel free to correspond with the others, but be coy, Raelt. Let them think we’re hesitating to condemn Flos because we’re too close. As if we think he might renege on his word.”
“He won’t. Flos was never one to break his oaths lightly.”
“Obviously, or I wouldn’t count on him. But if we can make the other countries incentivize ours…what’s the tariff on Jecrass’ horse stock? I might be able to get Medain to lower the taxes they charge on [Merchant] caravans coming through their borders.”
“Always looking for a better deal, aren’t you?”
“One of us has to. How’s your daughter taking this by the way?”
“Terribly. In that she was excited by the news. She thinks he’s some kind of hero and I have no idea where she got that from. Some of her young noble friends, no doubt. I haven’t said a word to her—”
“See, that’s where you’re wrong. My little boy’s just as excited, but when I can tear myself away, I’m going to sit him down and talk to him about the King of Destruction. Temper his views with mine. You should do the same.”
“Jecaina won’t want to listen.”
“Well, what if you phrased it like this? Have her come over to ah, suggest who might visit Hellios, perhaps as a diplomatic party. Yes, one of your River Wardens and their offspring of course. Purely as emissaries, not as a friendly overture—we can even coordinate this with the negations with Medain. But you can call Jecaina over to ask her who’s the most level-headed and when she demands to go, you can say—”
Raelt listened, blinking, as Lyfelt conjured a scenario out of thin air and laid it in his lap. He frowned, nodded, and left the Warded Chambers feeling a lot better. The man was truly quick with ideas and ways of pulling other people’s strings. And King Raelt felt better for having spoken to another ruler, even if the conversation had only confirmed his course of action.
“Your Majesty?”
Geril was waiting for him, standing rather than sitting. Raelt wished the old man would just take a seat. He had been sitting and talking for a good forty minutes! He let Geril hobble after him until the man’s feet weren’t so stiff.
“I spoke to Lyfelt. Summon a [Mage]—I’ll need to send a good deal of [Messages] throughout the day. And I need to return to my court. More politics.”
“I see. And what will the realm’s response be?”
Geril’s voice was slightly anxious. Raelt smiled at him.
“We will give him no reason to find issue with Jecrass. That goes for anyone passing through our borders. I have no doubt there will be at least a few groups travelling south from Medain. We will treat them as his subjects and let anyone who wishes to leave go unmolested.”
“Will we dissuade them in any way, sire?”
