6.15 K
Page 10
She didn’t reply. And the servants who scurried out of the way didn’t even look at their [King]. Raelt adjusted his crown, feeling flushed with anger and embarrassment. He hurried down the corridor and found Geril standing in front of the Warded Chambers. They were marked by a magical door and the most secure part of the palace, warded against eavesdropping and other magical and physical means of spying.
“Everything alright, your Majesty? I ah, spoke to Minster Lyfelt. He is awaiting you.”
“I’ll be with him in a second, Geril. Did you hear that?”
“Your daughter’s parting words were fairly audible, your Majesty. I take it she wished to visit Reim?”
“She thinks he’s a hero. Damn Liass and Mellia and her friends, gallivanting about and putting thoughts in her head. She’ll have to rule them someday and old friendships will complicate things. I need to teach her to be a proper ruler, rather than a half-wild [Princess].”
“She is quite skilled in some ways.”
“With a blade? That’s not ruling. That’s a hobby. She’s not going to be a [Warrior Queen] of old, Geril. And she’s not going to meet the King of Destruction. Nor will anyone else. Put a word in the border patrol’s ears about watching for young nobles trying to sneak into Hellios.”
Geril nodded.
“Shall I send a message to the families of her companions, your Majesty? I could also increase her bodyguard.”
Raelt shook his head glumly.
“Don’t bother. That will only make her more rebellious. Leave be—Jecaina might dream of visiting Reim, but she’ll probably give up when she realizes how far she’d have to ride just to get to Hellios’ capital, let alone Reim. I dread the day when she learns a movement Skill, though.”
“Perhaps your Majesty would like another glass of water? With some lemon?”
The [Head Servant] suggested gently. Raelt hesitated, and shook his head.
“No, I’ll speak to Lyfelt. Let no one in. This won’t take long, I hope.”
He straightened his attire, checked his light crown was straight on his head, and then opened the magical door. The Warded Chambers were a series of rooms that contained a number of Jecrass’ secrets, but Raelt needed only one of them now. He walked straight into the first room, ignoring the two side doors, and stopped in front of a large, marble statue. It was the head and shoulders of a man, although the carving was generic. The man had a head of hair, eyes, a nose, but there was something plain about him. He had no distinguishing features and that was the point. It was an enchanted item of course, and the eyes of the statue were turned sideways and the mouth was moving. Raelt heard a few words as he walked into the room.
“—yes, send the reply to Medain and copy a response for Claiven. I’ll speak with the parliament in half an hour, but delay my arrival until—ah, Raelt!”
The statue’s eyes turned back towards him. Raelt half-smiled as the statue’s lips curved upwards.
“Minister Lyfelt. I’ve kept you waiting.”
“Not at all. And it’s my pleasure, King Raelt. But let’s dispense with the formalities, shall we?”
“Of course.”
Raelt inclined his head. There was a high stool which he perched on, wishing the marble bust were closer to the ground. But the damn [Enchanter] had installed it at a normal head’s height, as if you wanted to stand and talk to the stone statue for hours. Perhaps he’d thought Raelt would keep it by his throne or something.
