6.15 K
Page 23
Drowned People. Children of the ocean. And the chaotic warriors who raced ahead of their [Queen]. But it was the Siren who made the biggest impact as the waters she called lapped at the feet of those gathered in the watering grounds. Water, that most precious of things in dry Chandrar. And here was a [Mage] who controlled it.
“I am Revine, Siren of Savere. I have come to speak of the King of Destruction.”
That was all Revine said. She offered no greetings to Orjin, nor to the other monarchs. She stood at the watering hole and looked down at it. Her folk spread out, laughing and pointing at the animals of Tiqr and the Golems of Illivere as if they were some huge jest. The Drowned People stood behind Revine.
A child wandered up to the Siren of Savere as she surveyed the watering hole. She picked her nose as she stared up at Revine. The Siren stared at her, and then at the small watering hole.
“Is this all the water Pomle has, child?”
“Yes? Can you conjure rain?”
“Yes. And my people demand it of me. Without water, the Drowned Folk wither and die. Without water, all things die. This water is…insufficient. So let more fall.”
The Siren raised her hand. And the clouds gathered. Orjin looked up and saw more water begin to fall from the skies. Just like that. At first a shower, then a torrent.
Pomle’s citizens ran for cover. The other monarchs retreated, some shouting insults. Femithain shook his head as his Golems set up covering for his people. Empress Nsiia stood in the rains and laughed as her animals enjoyed the rain. And Orjin? He shook his head.
“A dangerous ruler. The most dangerous of the three in a way.”
He looked at Salii. The Drake wiped water off her scales as she tried to cover her clipboard.
“The most powerfully magically, at least. She’s drawing the water from the atmosphere. It will be twice as dry in Pomle for a while after this.”
Orjin could only shrug at that. He watched the Siren of Savere for another moment. And then he turned away.
“One more, isn’t there?”
“Yes. Nerrhavia has the farthest to come. But they swore they would be here. And I don’t doubt it.”
The [Secretary] wasn’t wrong. The rains lasted for an hour, by which time the ground was saturated and the watering hole overflowing. At Salii’s request, it was even widened by people with shovels and sticks to contain more water. The sun had returned and Orjin’s damp skin was drying by the time he looked east a final time and saw them.
Chariots. Dozens, possibly as many as a hundred, racing across the ground. This was an army, and all the other monarchs looked up. Some were uneasy, others just wary. The Siren of Savere narrowed her eyes as her cohort gathered around her. For if her country was mighty, if Tiqr and Illivere were both major powers, here came a colossus of nations. Even Orjin was familiar with it.
Nerrhavia Fallen, one of the largest nations of Chandrar. And because of that, the most powerful, wealthiest, and most populated nation of all those gathered here today. A kingdom of String People, vast beyond belief. That was who rode the chariots into Pomle, riding around the other groups. Bright folk, their skin glossy, almost shining in the light.
