6.15 K
Page 19
A [King] emerged from the tent, and a localized hush fell amid his subjects. Not on Salii, Orjin or any of Pomle’s subjects. No longer impeded by the [Knights], several children leapt into the watering hole with a splash.
The bit of noise drew the attention of the other two parties. They drew closer, eying each other like foreign cats eying each other. A man in bright clothing strode forwards as the riders approached on their horses. Orjin spotted a circlet of gold on the man and women in the center and one of silver on the boy following them. The [Herald] took a deep breath and shouted.
“His Majesty of Xem, his Royal Excellency, [King] Aliman. Her Majesty of Xem, her Royal Excellency—”
One of the other men stepped forwards and tried to shout over him.
“You are in the presence of his Highness of Mediv! Bow your heads before—”
“Silence.”
Orjin lifted his foot and stomped. At the same time he used a Skill, and a tremor ran through the ground. Just for a second. Salii, standing next to him, lost her balance and the riders’ horses reared. In the watering hole a bit of the dirt exterior collapsed and the children happily screamed as they jumped into the water. The shouting men stopped and every head turned towards Orjin. He looked around.
Now, what did Salii want him to say? Oh, yes, the speech. Orjin spoke as he looked at both [Kings], the one from the tent, the one on horseback, and then the woman standing behind a line of [Soldiers] who were all pointing their spears at him.
“This is Pomle. I am the Strongest of Pomle, Orjin. Thirty years ago, we claimed this land and fought every nation who tried to impose their rules on us. And for thirty years, Pomle has known peace. The King of Destruction’s armies passed us by. Pomle has nothing, though many claim sanctuary in our lands. But we have always been a place for those who wish to train. This is why Pomle is neutral ground.”
He looked around. Three rulers stared back at a man without a shirt, sweat dried by the sun, dust covering his legs and feet. Orjin returned their gazes impassively.
“So I warn you once, rulers of foreign countries. Hold to this peace. Conduct your talks as you will, and I will guarantee the peace. But to anyone who violates the peace, their safety is no longer assured. Stop no one from drinking from the watering grounds. I will stay here to maintain the peace so long as the talks continue. Salii is the [Secretary]. Speak to her if you have any questions.”
Then he turned and walked away. Salii blinked as all eyes turned to her. The Drake smiled. She waved her clipboard.
“You heard him. If you want to tie up your horses, you’ll have to find space further away from the watering hole. The same goes for um, ditches to relieve yourselves. It has to be away from the water. As for the meeting, please keep this space clear. We’re expecting the delegation from the Illivere League to arrive any minute now…”
 
—-
 
Orjin didn’t bother to socialize with the first monarchs who arrived. They didn’t seem keen on approaching him either. Their escorts on the other hand kept staring at Orjin warily, as smaller predators tended to do when a larger, more dangerous creature was around. Of course, Orjin had no intention of starting violence. He was more annoyed by the spears and other weaponry, but Salii had talked him into letting them keep the arms.
“It’s not like Pomle doesn’t have our own warriors around and they are monarchs. They fear assassination. And you have your hands and feet.”
