6.15 K
Page 15
However, the figure who strode up to him had no time for rocks, balancing, or sweating in the sun. She cleared her throat as Orjin shifted from left foot to right, lightning fast, and he looked down at her.
“Salii. Is there something you need of me?”
“Yes, Orjin. You’re needed by the water grounds in a few minutes. Do you have anything to wear?”
He gestured at his bare chest and the loose pants he wore. They were worn and Salii eyed them with clear dismay.
“Something more formal if you have it.”
“Why?”
Orjin sighed. He looked down at Salii and saw some of the sun’s light shining off her dusty, brown scales. She was a Drake, a rarity in Chandrar. She was also a [Secretary], or some class similar to that. If she was asking, it meant something was happening that required Orjin’s presence.
“There is a gathering, Orjin. At least eight nations are converging on Pomle. The first of them will be here within the hour, if not sooner.”
“Not for war.”
Orjin said that as a certainty. If that had been the case, Salii would have told him already. She shook her head, looking peeved as she saw him flip. One hand was suddenly supporting him as he held perfectly still, balancing upright. It was an impressive physical feat, but even Orjin couldn’t maintain it for more than a second. Then he lost his balance and the tower of rocks came falling down. So did he, but he turned and landed neatly on the ground. Salii stepped back as the rocks fell around her. She swished her tail.
“Orjin—”
“I know. Tell me now.”
The man sat on the ground, sighing. Salii sat with him, and he looked at her, attentive, if not quite happy. He was no [King], or ruler in the sense of having a class. Perhaps he should have one, but Orjin of Pomle had no desire to be a leader. The fact that he was one was purely coincidental and had no bearing on how he lived his life. Most of the time, that was.
“Where should I begin? Last night—no, I suppose, yesterday, the King of Destruction sent out a bunch of letters via Courier and Runner. [Messages] too, so some of the nations received word before the others. The upshot of it is that they all received the contents of his message and they’re gathering here to discuss what the King of Destruction said.”
“Ah. He sent a letter?”
“Yes. To Pomle as well. I read it. Do you want to…?”
She offered an opened envelope to Orjin. He waved it away.
“Just tell me.”
“Well, essentially what he said was…”
Salii repeated the bare bones of Flos’ declaration to Orjin. When she had finished, he shook his head.
“Peace. And he wants his subjects to return to him? This doesn’t concern Pomle. We had no quarrel with the King of Destruction and if anyone wished to go to him, they are already gone.”
“I know. But it matters to other nations. And because the rulers want to talk in person, they sent word. They’re coming.”
“Eight nations? Which ones?”
“All of our neighbors. And a delegation from Nerrhavia’s fall. They’re all moving fast, especially Nerrhavia to get here.”
“Fine. Why does this concern me?”
The [Martial Artist], the warrior, folded his arms. Salii looked exasperated.
“Because you’re the Strongest of Pomle! The ruler!”
“So? Let them talk here.”
“It might not just be talk. Your presence is needed to guarantee the peace. And to make sure none of the other rulers take offense by your absence.”
Orjin sighed louder. Of course, he’d suspected that would be the case. He thought about refusing, or walking off. Salii couldn’t stop him if he did, but…she was Salii.
