6.15 K
Page 9
By ‘everyone’, Jecaina meant all of her young friends, noble or rich enough to ride about with the nobility and the [King]’s daughter. Raelt had told no such stories and he cursed the crowd around Jecaina who had spread the King of Destruction’s myth to her. But then again—she was right. Flos of Reim was a legend and now he was back. There might be a lot of young folk who joined his capital. He’d have to try and mitigate that, somehow.
“The King of Destruction is no hero young lady. I don’t know what stories you’ve heard—”
“He was a champion of the people, wasn’t he? Don’t lie, father. Didn’t he start a war with the Medilean Kingdom when he heard the royal family had been overthrown and a tyrannical [Warlord] had taken over? Wasn’t he the man who fought the Order of the Black Judgment when they became little more than bandits?”
Raelt bit his lip. He answered carefully, trying to force the words through his stubborn daughter’s ears.
“He did do that. And he fought in the name of justice, that’s true enough. He would start a war over a single wrong and tens of thousands would die. That does not make him a good [King]. Or even a good man.”
“But he did conquer all of Chandrar. Isn’t he a man worth following? Shouldn’t I meet him? You met him, or so Liass’ father claims.”
“Warden Telimt is a liar and a braggart. And he’s telling the truth in this case, which is why I’m convinced Flos’ return won’t bode well for Jecrass or anyone else. There will be a proclamation and anyone who wishes may leave for Reim. But Jecrass is still Reim’s enemy.”
“But father! The King of Destruction could be a powerful ally! Jecrass has never wronged him. And—and at least three of his Seven are with him! Mars the Illusionist, Gazi the Omniscient, Takhatres, the Lord of the Skies—and Orthenon, his [Steward]! Wouldn’t you like to see them? Just once?”
The [Dueling Princess]’s eyes were shining. Raelt felt a twinge of conscience at the look in her eyes. If he were her age, he might have felt as she did. But he had to be the one to put his foot down so he shook his head.
“He is not an ally I want, Jecaina. I don’t trust him. In fact, I think Minister Lyfelt and I—oh damn, will you initiate contact with him, Geril?—will condemn his letter. At least in word. The other northern nations will most likely do the same. Claiven certainly will.”
“But Dad—can’t I at least meet him? As a dignitary? Mellia says I could go as a diplomat. The King of Destruction’s supposed to be very handsome, and so is the King’s Steward. And he’s supposed to be unmarried…”
It was possible Raelt might have a heart attack before he even reached the Warded Chambers. He tried to banish thoughts of Orthenon and Flos from his head and he pointed a finger at his daughter.
“You will not ride into Hellios, and nor will you or your friends join any caravan headed towards Reim. If I catch so much as a whiff that you’re planning it, I will bar you from the stables. And the same goes for your friends. If need be, I’ll throw them in the dungeon for a day or two to cool their heads. Their parents will hear of this as well.”
“That’s not fair!”
“It’s my order. And I’m still the [King].”
Raelt snapped at his daughter. She stomped a foot.
“You—you tyrant!”
Jecaina scowled at her father. She turned and stormed off. He shouted after her.
“I’m a [Tyrant]? You haven’t even met the King of Destruction!”
