6.15 K
Page 11
Fat chance of that. Raelt knew that whoever looked through the mirror on the other side could see and hear whatever was happening around the statue in Jecrass. And while he trusted the man on the other side, Minister Lyfelt was still the head of Belchan, and thus the ruler of another nation. They had set up this system to communicate, but Raelt wouldn’t share all the workings of his court with Belchan.
The marble bust had cost Jecrass’ treasury 28,413 gold pieces exactly. Raelt had added in the price of getting a [Mage] who specialized in both enchanting and stone magic to come from Belchan, carve and enchant the marble head here while being housed in the finest rooms and treated like a royal visitor, and then come back to repair the magical head twice when the spell malfunctioned.
Was it worth the coin? Well, yes. Raelt and Lyfelt could communicate instantaneously this way, which saved the issue of trusting a [Mage] with [Message] spells. Additionally, they could properly chat rather than write brief text messages to each other. Raelt still resented the cost, but Belchan had paid for an enchanted mirror and that had to be double what he’d spent.
That was Belchan for you, though. They were home to one of the [Mage] schools of Chandrar, not nearly as impressive as Wistram, but certainly lucrative for the magic users that called the nation home. Added to that, Belchan was richer in water and natural resources—they had a small gold mine as well as rich fields for agriculture. The one thing they didn’t have was a monarchy, which currently Raelt regarded as a plus.
Prime Minister Lyfelt of Belchan must have been sitting, because the marble head craned up a bit to meet Raelt’s face before something changed and the head lowered again. He’d probably adjusted his seat. His head looked left slightly and the nondescript features—a far cry from Lyfelt’s handsome visage, spoke curtly.
“I’m speaking to King Raelt of Jecrass. Turn away everyone at the door.”
He looked back at Raelt and smiled.
“Apologies, again. You know how busy it is with the King of Destruction’s letter.”
“It’s actually fairly quiet around here. But a [King] doesn’t have to deal with as many people as a [Minister].”
“True, true.”
Lyfelt chuckled. He had a very pleasant voice, the kind of soothing tones you could listen to for hours. Despite the statue speaking, he still had a great deal of charisma, some of it inborn, some of it part of his class. He had been elected [Prime Minister] by Belchan’s people and unlike Jecrass, the country was a democracy, a rare sight in any part of the world. It had a parliament and the position of Prime Minister was a result of a party winning a majority, as Raelt understood it.
He was glad Lyfelt had won, and not just because the man was easy to talk to. Lyfelt was a career politician, someone who’d gained a [Politician] class and consolidated it to [Minister]. He wasn’t born into his position like the River Wardens of Jecrass, and so he’d risen to ruler of a nation purely by his political savvy.
“I’m planning on issuing an announcement with the contents of the letter later today. What of Belchan?”
“Ah, I believe I’ll let it filter through the parliament members. They’ve been briefed and they’re already taking sides on the matter. As if there’s a choice. I trust you make that clear to your court as well?”
“I had to hammer it into their heads. But I don’t see an option besides agreeing to the King of Destruction’s terms, do you?”
Lyfelt grimaced.
