6.15 K
Page 5
“I will take my leave as well. Geril, see to it my guests are properly served and I’m sure the late peerage will wish to be caught up.”
“Your Majesty won’t stay and deliberate a further course of action?”
Warden Cerani looked dismayed. Raelt turned his head.
“Beyond acquiescing? Not at this moment. I shall let you know if my plans change. Until then, I must confer with my peers. Good day to you.”
He ignored the flurry of curtsies and bows as he stepped down from his throne and walked out a side door of his throne room. Raelt strode down the corridor as he heard the doors open and swift footsteps. Geril was following him, but Raelt wasn’t in a mood to chat with his old servant.
“Dulfe, you pompous frog. A vote to cut your own taxes? I’ll double the levies on your land if you so much as hint towards it!”
The problem was the man might actually force a vote. And threats aside, Dulfe was influential enough to make a bad enemy. But Raelt didn’t intend to let the man get away with insulting him in public—well, in front of the royal court—without some payback. A [King] had ways, so Raelt swiftly turned left at the intersection and then hurried up some stairs while Geril panted to keep up.
Raelt was quick on his feet and very fit and Geril was old, so Raelt hated to make the man move fast, but he had to be in position.
He knew the layout of his palace by heart. And calling it a ‘palace’ was generous because in truth, it was smaller than some castles Raelt had known. But a [King] had to live in a palace, and worse, this one had a name for every corridor and room. Raelt slowed as he came to an open corridor and felt a warm breeze on his face.
“Your Majesty?”
Geril panted as he climbed the stairs. Raelt waved at him and the [Head Servant] caught his breath. It was a shame he’d never gained [Lesser Endurance] as a Skill; it would have served him well in his old age. Perhaps Geril should have been less active, even semi-retired. But that might have killed the old man outright. Raelt turned to him.
“My apologies, Geril. But I need to speak with Lyfelt in the Warded Chambers to discuss the King of Destruction’s letter. I thought we’d take this route to get there. I could use a breath of fresh air. And a drink to clear the bad taste from my mouth.”
“Ah, the Sunset Retreat corridor, your Majesty? Excellent choice. Shall I bring you a beverage? Wine, perhaps?”
“It’s barely past breakfast. Make it water. With ice for a treat. And bring me an orange while you’re at it, Geril.”
The old servant hesitated as he beckoned to a young boy ready to run the errand.
“Er, all the ones we have are still from last year, your Majesty. They’re not quite fully deteriorated, but I fear our preservation runes aren’t able to keep them fully—”
“An orange, Geril. I don’t care how bad it is as long as a bit’s edible.”
“Yes, your Majesty. At once.”
Geril bowed his head. He didn’t leave Raelt’s side, but the young boy ran off to fetch the [King]’s water. And the orange. Raelt for his part took a slow, almost snail’s pace of a walk forwards and felt the light of the palace change. It had windows of course, but now bright sunlight streamed through a place where the walls of the palace just…stopped.
