6.15 K
Page 12
“Not at the moment. But there are more options available, Raelt. A pity your River Wardens can be so…so…shortsighted. But then, half of the minor parties in my parliament are like that.”
Raelt nodded, feeling some of the weight of this morning drop off him as he and Lyfelt groused about being rulers. The two men were friends, although they were dissimilar in quite a number of ways. But fate had conspired to make them allies, and the friendship had come over time.
After all, both Jecrass and Belchan were in the unenviable position of being neighbors to two major powers, the Thalassocracy of Medain, and The Claiven Earth, as well as adjacent to the traditionally hot-headed Hellosians and Germina.
Jecrass and Belchan had always allied to keep Medain from expanding southwards, and occasionally that alliance had included Germina and Hellios and all four nations had fought with Medain’s armies of adventurers and soldiers in the past.
“How do you think this will change issues with Medain or Claiven, Lyfelt?”
“Aside from the fact that we’ve lost Hellios and Germina? Well, with this letter we might not have to watch our borders. But if Medain pushes south…it’s tricky, Raelt. I don’t think either country will do so immediately—they’re rightfully wary of the King of Destruction. It just depends on what he does next and whether we can trust the letter.”
“You don’t think we can?”
The bust smirked.
“I trust no one’s word one hundred percent, Raelt. Even when sworn in blood. Even yours, old friend. I intend to use Flos’ declaration to my advantage, and I advise you to do the same. I’m already speaking with Claiven and Medain about this. Perhaps even get some kind of agreement hammered out, even if it’s only a joint condemnation of the conditions. If I play it right, Belchan can even be the reluctant nation coerced into opposing the King of Destruction with a small bribe.”
“Just be careful. Flos of Reim is no one to play games with. I knew him when he was becoming the King of Destruction.”
Raelt warned his friend, although he feared it was falling on deaf ears as he watched Lyfelt’s confident expression. Lyfelt was new to his position for all that he’d served for six years as [Prime Minister], and for him, power was still an intoxicating berry drink. To Raelt, who’d been born a [Prince], power was like an old riding glove. Slightly stained and frayed, certainly useful, but not exactly pleasant.
“Don’t worry, Raelt. Both Claiven and Medain hate the King of Destruction far too much to worry about our countries, except as bulwarks between him and them at the moment. They’re sending me [Messages] nonstop, hoping I’ll agree to some kind of ‘defensive pact’ that allows them to put their soldiers in our borders.”
Raelt grimaced at that, and then frowned.
“I didn’t get any [Messages].”
Lyfelt’s head shook slowly from side to side.
“You rely on your Mage’s Guild, Raelt. Whereas I have a [Court Mage] and King Perric of Medain knows that. The Claiven have also reached out to me, and you by proxy. They are concerned, but no one’s suggested refusing.”
“I don’t know how that would be a good idea. That would give him cause to go to war. Unless every nation did that, and the ones that didn’t would be safe.”
The minister was nodding impatiently.
“A trap in the words, obviously. Far easier to give him what he wants. What’s a few thousand citizens, or even ten thousand?”
“You’re not concerned by that?”
Raelt was surprised, but Lyfelt scoffed.
