6.15 K
Page 0

(The Wandering Inn, Volume 1 is coming out as an audiobook! The narrator is doing live reading on her Discord, invite here! You can listen to her streaming most week days at 2 PM EST if you’d like to hear the audiobook being produced! Please be respectful on her server, and look forwards to the finished product!)
 
If there were a list of Top 100 Rulers in the world, then King Raelt would be on that list, but only because there were a limited number of [Kings] to go around. He would be somewhere near the bottom of that list, though he wasn’t a bad [King] and in his way, he was actually quite good at his job. His kingdom was not mighty, but it had prospered in a medium sort of way and it had not folded when confronted with adversity.
And there had been some adversity. And strife. And just a smidgen of cataclysm. But King Raelt had led his nation, the Realm of Jecrass through it all and he could look at himself in the mirror and not blink. Those were enviable qualities in a leader of people. So Raelt was a decent [King] if viewed from that lens.
On the other hand, Raelt was no monarch to sing songs about, at least in his mind. He was no Siren of Savere or Quarass with countless years of history and a unique country to manage and culture to draw upon. Jecrass had its quirks, but it was no Pomle.
By the same token, Raelt wasn’t worthy of a ‘name’ other than his own. Unlike the dancing, brilliant Bannermare of Baleros, or the Lord of the Dance in Terandria, or even Chandrar’s own King of Destruction, Raelt was known as…King Raelt. And it was a fine name he had, but it spoke to his insignificance in the eyes of the world as they measured such things.
So, he was not famous. He was a decent [King]. And Raelt had been content to live that way. He would have spun out his entire reign as [King] of Jecrass, a small country north of Hellios and Germina and just south of the big players on Chandrar’s northeastern coast quietly trying to improve his realm. Arguing with his court, practicing his hobbies (of which he only had one he was truly good at), and worrying over his daughter as she grew up.
In another life, maybe he would have had that luxury. But time had not been kind, for the worst sort of disaster had woken up. And hope as Raelt might that the disaster would go away or that he had changed, time had proven otherwise.
And now the disaster had sent a message. A proper letter. And Raelt sat upon his cold, hard, metal throne that some previous idiot of a [King] had decided would look good, and listened to it being read aloud. Or rather, he was trying to make that happen but people kept objecting.
“Your Majesty, please wait. All of the royal court has yet to gather, and several of the Wardens are no doubt yet on their way. Wouldn’t it be prudent to wait another half hour before unsealing the message in the presence of the full court?”
A fawning, sycophantic voice was giving Raelt a headache. It had to be said that he hated his job sometimes. Not because it involved making hard decisions—he could handle that. But making those hard decisions was often a tedious political business, and as such it invariably involved his royal court.
Raelt loathed, no he despised, no, he wished he could tie all of his royal court up and feed them to pigs. He had things he hated and liked in this life, but the courtiers, nobility, and various ‘people of importance’ who often appeared in his palace were on the top of his hate list.
