6.15 K
Page 3
“Milady Cerani, you underestimate the lure of a threat like this. Some of Jecrass’ citizens will no doubt stay out of loyalty to the nation—as well they should! But I fear malcontents and ingrates abound. Why, my lands might lose most if the King of Destruction’s words reach the agitators and rebels. I move to seal this letter—”
“Denied!”
Raelt’s happy voice cut Warden Dulfe off. He was pleased to see the man color. He looked around at his friends and allies in the room, clearly doing a headcount.
“Your Majesty, I would put this to a vote among the peerage of Jecrass.”
“Even if every Warden of Jecrass and lesser peer of the realm voted against, I would still make the news of this public, Warden Dulfe. I’m afraid the news will spread, if not from Jecrass than elsewhere. Moreover, I don’t intend to fight the King of Destruction on this. Or did you forget the part where he claims his subjects in our lands, whomever they may be?”
King Raelt was even more pleased by the way Dulfe spluttered, but there was nothing he could do. For any other decision Raelt made, Dulfe could and might hold a vote and have the other nobility oppose Raelt’s decisions. And Raelt could force through his orders; he was a [King] after all, but his nobles could drag their feet or outright oppose them.
Sadly, they were powerful. Raelt was powerful, but so were the members of his court. They were technically [Lords] and [Ladies], but Jecrass didn’t see landowners as nobility all the time. More important to Jecrass, with its sprawling plains and pastures mixed in with the arid landscapes Chandrar was famous for was the control of water.
Anyone who owned so much as a stream could build farmlands, raise animals, and dole out the precious resource to anyone living on their land. The nobility of Raelt’s court were all heirs to areas of land that held water in some abundance or other. So they were River Wardens, the name for their kind of nobility in Jecrass. But Raelt’s private name for them was River Robbers because sometimes it was hard to tell a [Lord] from a [Bandit Leader]. He looked down at Dulfe and the list of the man’s faults was a silent mantra in Raelt’s head.
“I remind you, Warden Dulfe, that this is the King of Destruction we are referring to. Not any [King], and not a man known for his patience and skills at diplomacy. If you fear too many of your people will quit your ever-so-pleasant duchy to join Flos of Reim’s empire, well then, perhaps you should have amended their living and working conditions as I demanded of you at last year’s summit, hm?”
He gave the slightly frog-eyed man a happy little smile. And in his head, Raelt thought that might be the best result of the King of Destruction’s declaration. Did he know what he’d done? Or was he unaware that his call would bring in more than just his people to his banner? No, surely he’d thought of that.
And it would work, on at least some of Dulfe’s workers. Dead gods, the man had put a copper tax on every bucket of water drawn from his wells! Both he and Dulfe knew his tenants might well desert him en masse. Dulfe’s bulging eyes narrowed a bit as he glared up at Raelt’s unconcealed good humor.
“I remind his Highness that those are my domains, and while I am subject to the authority of the crown, my will should be respected. I am, after all, a very loyal citizen of Jecrass.”
His words caused a small hush and Raelt felt his hand twitch. But he schooled his body and face and gave Dulfe no other sign his words had raised Raelt’s temper.
