6.15 K
Page 2
The court stiffened as one again and Raelt smiled, imagining the collective clenching of certain body parts his words had caused. Several of his nobility gave him dark looks, but then they were riveted by the old [Head Servant] once more. Geril slowly traced a finger down the page.
“Yes, your Highness. Skipping forwards it reads…‘I have but one demand in the name of the peace I offer. Let my people go. Once, my kingdom spanned Chandrar and further, and still some call to me as their [King]. And I claim them, for what King will not hear the cries of his subjects, no matter how far removed? If any claim allegiance to me, let them come free of harm and prejudice from every corner of the world. Give my subjects to me and I will hold to my vow. But enslave my subjects, offer them harm or imprisonment or make war on Reim, and I will reply in kind.’ After that, there is a short farewell to his Majesty and the King of Destruction’s signature.”
Raelt grimaced. Simple and to the point. He was frankly surprised that Flos had made the letter read in anything close to formal parlance. He might has well have said it with his usual bluntness. I won’t attack you, so give me my subjects. If not, I’ll attack you.
The court buzzed for a second after Geril had folded the piece of paper back up. Raelt saw Warden Winta dab at her forehead, Dulfe and Cerani lean in to talk quickly, looking upset, and then heard Emile’s piping voice once more.
“That’s still not so bad, surely?”
Raelt leaned on the left side of his throne and sighed into a hand. He looked down at Emile. The man—no, the boy was only twenty seven. New to his estates and position since his father had passed away.
“It is not a message that brings me any comfort, Warden Emile. I’m glad you’re able to put your mind at ease with so little effort.”
The young man looked both pleased and confused by the statement. But another noble, an older woman in her forties, pursed her lips.
“Your Majesty, it does sound like a positive message. Or am I wrong as well? The King of Destruction has pledged not to assail Jecrass. Surely that is worth celebrating? As for his subjects, what of it? There may be some dissenters in Jecrass. Why not send them to Reim?”
A few nobles nodded with her as she gave Raelt a not-quite-challenging glance. He leaned on his palm and shook his head.
“The letter has more nuance than that. Recall the latter half. Geril may read it out loud if you’ve already forgotten. It means, Warden Cerani, that anyone who claims allegiance to the King of Destruction is under his protection. In short, anyone who fought for him during his reign, or anyone who bears sympathy to him could quit this kingdom and travel to his, and if we stop or gainsay them in any way, Flos of Reim will declare war on us.”
Silence followed that remark, and Raelt was again pleased to see Cerani’s mouth drop open as the words finally clicked for her. Emile still looked blank, but another Warden, Dulfe, a frog-like fellow, raised his voice in a passionate shout.
“Do you intend to submit to his demands like that, your Majesty? Surely we cannot simply accede to this—this provocation without baring some fangs! He could steal away a tenth of our working population with a snap of his fingers!”
“I hardly think it will be that large a number, Warden Dulfe.”
Cerani looked troubled. The older man in his forties turned to her, gripping the lapels of his coat fiercely. She returned his look, although warily.
