6.15 K
Page 20
And they were weapons in themselves. Orjin acquiesced with bad grace and spent his time sitting on top of one of the date palms that grew around Pomle. That got him more askance looks, but it was perfectly common; several children strong enough to make the climb had done the same, and Orjin recognized two warriors, one a [Spear Dancer], the other a [Martial Artist] like him, sitting on the tree tops and watching the sights. That was how Orjin spotted the delegation from Tiqr first.
The noise that split the air as the delegation came into view was a trumpeting blast. But it came from no horn. The creature that appeared over the tops of the palms was grey, huge. It’s steps were long, and as it swayed its huge head, its tusks caught the light. Ivory, capped with gold. And it was similarly adorned with a riding booth.
On top of it sat a woman. And before her raced warriors wearing cloth armor riding striped zebras. Hyenas bounded forwards, terrifying the horses of the other animals. They raced ahead of men and women who walked side-by-side with lions. The elephant raised it trunk to the sky and blew another sound, scaring the birds out of the watering hole.
They flew about her as she rode in. A laughing woman dressed in clothing almost as revealing as Orjin’s. But her garb was made of feathers and bright cloth. And as she approached, the rest of her escort dove out of the sky. A flock of Garuda of every color, swooping about her.
“Tiqr.”
Salii stood with Orjin as he watched the procession come to a halt. It was as large as all three escorts that had come before it, and then some. He shook his head as the woman on the elephant’s back patted the animal and it blew a third trumpet before she slid to the ground off its back.
“I know that much. And that woman riding the Grand Elephant. She would be the Empress of Beasts, wouldn’t she?”
“She would.”
Salii stared at the [Empress] as she landed on the ground. She was nothing like the monarchs who stared at her as if they were witnessing another strange beast. The [Empress] looked to Orjin like a warrior as much as a leader. And he knew without asking that she was a [Beast Master]. Her mount proved that.
Elephants were already huge creatures. But the Grand Elephant was easily half again as large as the regular elephants that Orjin knew. It seemed impossible that such a huge creature could exist, let alone sustain itself, but Grand Elephants were able to travel vast distances in search of food. And in the savannas of Tiqr, food was abundant. As were other, less friendly animals.
Hyenas. Riding zebra. Even a pair of lions. All these animals would scarcely tolerate each other, let alone Humans in such close proximity. But the animals took their places, as docile as could be. And as she walked past, the hyenas crouched. The Lions lowered their maned heads. Even the elephant appeared to kneel.
“Strongest of Pomle!”
The [Empress of Beasts] came to Orjin first. She ignored the other monarchs and laughed as she embraced Orjin. She smelled of the wild and she was strong.
“I am Empress Nsiia of Tiqr. I greet you, Strongest of Pomle. I have come to this gathering with little warning and for that I offer you my apologies. My escort will drink of Pomle’s waters if it is acceptable and for that boon I offer you this.”
She gestured, and Orjin saw that there were more conventional forms of transport behind her procession of animals. From a wagon a pair of brawny men jumped to the ground with a coffer. It was filled with jewels.
“Treasures of Tiqr. A small price for water, is it not? Will you accept?”
