6.15 K
Page 22
Orjin sighed as he looked at the massive pile of goods the golems were mechanically piling up in front of him. They moved slowly, but with confidence in every move. The animals of Nsiia’s group and the horses and camels all stayed as far away from the golems as possible. Femithain bowed slightly again to Orjin and went to greet Empress Nsiia, fearless and self-contained.
That left Orjin with the huge pile of goods. And these weren’t exactly able to be squirreled away by Salii. He heard a tap as someone landed behind him. One of Pomle’s warriors had jumped to the ground. She leaned on her spear and looked at him.
“Orjin. More gifts?”
“Apparently.”
“Where do we put them?”
The Strongest of Pomle looked at the pile of food. It was all rich stuff, but it was going to rot fast in the sun, especially because there were few good places to store all of it. He waved a hand at the crowd of Pomle’s folk, who were watching Illivere’s golems make ready the camp from afar.
“Spread the word. We have drinks, food…let Salii take whatever she wants first and make sure no one takes what she claims.”
The spear-wielding warrior grinned and bounded off. In minutes, she was back, and she snagged a bottle of wine from the cargo before hundreds of Pomle’s citizens descended on the gift. They grabbed what they could carry, walked off, and those who wanted more came back for it. Orjin ignored all of it; he had no desire for the food or drinks at the moment. He was sure someone would share it with him if there was any left over later.
Femithain was clearly trying to suppress his expression as he watched a huge crowd gather and claim the rest of the goods. A little Garuda girl, barely more than a chick, ran off with a bottle of Illivere’s finest vintages and some of the others began eating or drinking the rich goods there on the spot.
Salii fought her way out of the mess, looking disgruntled. She glared at Orjin as she wiped sweat off her forehead.
“I rescued some of the goods. We’ll keep it stored for later, or perhaps to trade. Did you have to let the rest of it be eaten now?”
“We don’t have many places to store so much. And for what occasion would we save it for? If you wanted, we could have traded all of it for money.”
“Yes, but Crafter-Magus Femithain clearly intended these as a gift to you.”
The Drake looked pointedly at Orjin. He shrugged.
“He gave it to Pomle. And it is Pomle who enjoys his gift. It’s fairly done. You know that.”
“Yes, but some tact—”
“Another group is coming. South.”
“Savere. Hold on, I’d better get the rest of the goods into shelter?”
“Why?”
Salii pointed up. Orjin stared at the skies and blinked. The bare, blue skies had suddenly clouded over. And as the distant procession drew nearer, a miracle happened.
Rain began to fall. At first a drizzle, then a shower. It soaked the wet earth. Pomle’s people looked up, surprised. The watering hole greedily drank the liquid as it ran into the space. The rest wet the earth and before the waters could truly begin to conjure a flood, the rains stopped. The clouds vanished.
And the Siren of Savere walked forwards, and the waters formed a path in the sands for her.
Orjin stared.
If Tiqr was a land of beasts and people, and Illivere one of regulation and commerce, and Pomle free chaos, then Savere fell into a position between Tiqr and Illivere. Its people were wild. They rode forwards with no semblance of order, laughing. And more than one looked to Orjin like folk from the waters. Indeed, some were even walking alongside the woman walking in the center of the trail of water.
