6.15 K
Page 29
Someone was shouting frantically. Orjin looked around, blinking, and realized the War Golem was stumbling back. The [Knights] had thrown down their swords and the String People were holding up their hands—those that weren’t lying on the ground, that was. All stared at the man standing in the center of the destruction.
The Strongest of Pomle. He looked around, breathing a bit faster. Mezha was still blinking as the elephant felt at the place where he’d punched her. The String People were cut to pieces—but alive. And the Golem was limping back, one leg badly malformed, the spear embedded in parts of its head.
“What was—”
Queen Yisame shakily looked out from behind her ranks of protectors. There were hundreds of them and only one of Orjin. They could have brought him down; the best of her defenders had stayed with their [Queen]. But their confidence wavered as they realized Orjin had only been the first.
Nerrhavia’s finest looked up from their gilded chariots. They saw the people perched on the cliffs, sitting on top of the palm trees, standing on the dry ground.
Pomle’s warriors. They were staring down, armed with spears, some just bare-fisted. Savages living in a small nation. That was, until you remembered how Pomle had formed.
Neutral ground.
“Orjin. They’ve put down their weapons.”
A shaky voice spoke behind Orjin. He turned. Salii was clutching her clipboard like a shield. The Strongest of Pomle shook his head. He’d lost himself in the heat of combat for a second. He looked at the assembled rulers. They stared at him. Any one of them might be able to wipe Pomle off the map. With time. With their resources, and their standing armies. But in this place?
“Bear a weapon again and the peace of Pomle is gone for the nation who strikes. Is that clear?”
They nodded. Orjin stood up. He rubbed at one of his fists.
That hurt.
“Then proceed. I’m going to have a drink of water.”
He turned and walked off.
 
—-
 
“Would you challenge yourself against Mars the Illusionist, Strongest of Pomle?”
That was what Empress Nsiia asked Orjin when he returned from having a drink of water and reflecting on the fight. He looked at her.
“Mars the Illusionist? If she came to Pomle, I would challenge her. But in war? No.”
“You’ve never dreamed of going into battle? You’re as strong as any Named Adventurer, I would guess.”
Orjin shook his head.
“Killing people does not interest me. That isn’t why I train.”
“But your strength…”
He sighed. That was what was so hard to explain to [Warriors].
“I did not kill the String People of Nerrhavia. I tried not to hurt your elephant, Mezha. I do not enjoy killing. Fighting, testing myself, breaking my limits? I enjoy that. But I would not fight the King of Destruction’s armies for so petty a reason.”
Nsiia blinked at Orjin. She looked around Pomle, little more than a watering hole and dust. And she didn’t understand. Even so, she clasped his hands.
“I thank you, then. I might have been hurt or gravely injured despite my protections. And you spared Mezha, for which I am grateful as well.”
“She was not hurt?”
That made Orjin smile slightly. Nsiia nodded.
“She’s merely dizzy. But well enough to walk with a healing potion. I think I shall be going soon.”
“That seems wise.”
Indeed, no one else had deigned to talk with Nsiia after the incident. Her people were indeed packing and the Garuda warriors were warily circling even now. But one man did step forwards to exchange a few words before the Empress of Beasts left.
