6.15 K
Page 21
Orjin felt a claw jab him in the back repeatedly. He ignored it.
“Pomle welcomes all those who offer no violence, Empress Nsiia of Tiqr. No gift is needed.”
Salii kicked Orjin in the back of the legs and only succeeded in hurting her own foot. The Empress smiled, and there was a sparkle to her eyes from within, like an inner light.
“It is a gift offered freely, then. As friends must. Tell me, what is your name?”
“Orjin of Pomle. And if that is the case, I will accept.”
“Good. I would that I could speak with you longer, Strongest. Until then—”
Nsiia inclined her head and Orjin did the same. She swept past him as Salii hurried forwards to claim the bounty of gemstones. Orjin ignored the gems as he watched Nsiia sweep past him. He eyed one of the hyenas, who was baring its teeth in that unsetting grin as it watched one of the camels. He didn’t know what to make of Nsiia. He was more sure of Illivere, who arrived next.
“This is the escort of the Illivere League’s people. It has to be.”
Salii pointed out the next group that approached from the east. She was muttering to Orjin, trying to catch him up on everything she thought he should know. He was listening with only half an ear; Nsiia had settled her people in and she was speaking with one of the monarchs as the rest turned to watch the next ruler approach.
“I’ve heard of Illivere’s riches.”
“It’s not the same as Tiqr’s. Frankly speaking, Empress Nsiia is the poorest ruler of the four major nations that will appear here. Illivere will be the second-richest.”
Orjin thought of the casket of jewels, so casually offered up.
“The Empress of Beasts appeared rich enough to me.”
“It’s by comparison. She’s still richer than Mediv or Xem or the other smaller nations. But Illivere makes its fortunes from its industry and high number of artisans. It exports cheap goods, everything from cut stone to food to processed ore. And its people are almost all craftsmen or scholars—few laborers. And that’s because the country runs on—”
“Golems.”
The procession was close enough for Orjin to pick up the huge, lumbering shapes walking among the shorter Humans on horseback and foot. Salii caught her breath.
“Yes. They’re one of the few nations that manufactures them. The Illivere League has a powerful army, if a slow one, and their workforce never slows. They only need repairing and energy. They’ve brought some with them, obviously.”
“I see War Golems.”
The steel giants that walked ahead of Illivere was truly massive. Some of the shorter, porter golems made of stone or sand that were ‘only’ seven or eight feet tall. But the pair of giants that walked ahead of the group was fourteen feet tall. Both held flags with Illivere’s symbol on it. And it was a procession of four Golems that carried a palanquin loaded with treasures. The man who rode in front of it was fair-skinned, bespectacled, a figure who looked more at home inside reading than out in the sun. He also greeted Orjin first after his herald had called his name.
“Strongest of Pomle, this is a small token of Illivere’s gratitude for allowing us to meet on your soil today. Please accept these vintages from Illivere’s orchards, foods and delicacies from all over the league’s holdings.”
The man who stood shorter than both Orjin and Queen Nsiia was polite, well-spoke and quick and precise with his words. He was no ruler, but someone like Orjin, who had been given the position without the class. For all that he seemed impossible to shake, and shook Orjin’s hand fearlessly.
“Thank you, First Crafter-Magus Femithain of Illivere. We will accept your gift.”
