6.15 K
Page 1
They were sneaky, backstabbing, arguing bastards the lot of them and Raelt would have happily traded his entire royal court for a room full of [Bandits] he had to argue with each day to get things done. [Bandits] were at least honest about what they did.
“Warden Emile, I do not care to wait. This message is of the utmost importance because it came from Reim, and it bears the seal of the King of Destruction. More importantly, it arrived just this morning and the knowledge it contains is essential. Anyone not present may be brought up to speed later.”
“But sire, please, let us at least gather a few more figures of note. Jecrass should be united as its most important figures hear out the King of Destruction’s words.”
The King of the Jecrass eyed their apprehensive faces. Why did they hesitate? As if not hearing the letter’s contents would delay the worst? Raelt sighed loudly.
“The most important person in this room has already read the letter, Warden Emile. That would be me, incidentally.”
“Your Majesty!”
“Would you like to know if it is a declaration of war?”
The man shut up. Raelt kept speaking, looking around the room. He was vaguely pleased to see more than a few faces had paled. Men and women looked up at him. Humans of various shades of skin, but all Human. In Chandrar, a few races accounted for most of the population. String People. Garuda. But Humans most of all. Jecrass was a land of Humans, and sometimes Raelt wondered, if he had been a String Person and ruled the Stitch People, whether his life would have been easier. He spoke into the silence, curtly.
“It is not. But the declaration is also no trivial matter. Geril. Read it to my court and skip the introduction. It’s a short letter anyways. Read us the first part of the King of Destruction’s missive.”
An old man stepped forwards. He was a [Servant], but a prince among servants, as they measured such things. And eminently more respected than the disgruntled nobility assembled in Raelt’s court. Some were seated, but they stood up, as if the King of Destruction’s words impelled them towards their feet. Raelt’s own presence was hardly sufficient for that. Geril cleared his throat.
“Ahem. By your Majesty’s will…after the greeting, the King of Destruction writes thusly: ‘Word of my return has spread and with it, claims that I will once again embark on a campaign of conquest. However, I seek no legions of enemies, and to make war on nations for the sake of it has never been my purpose. To allay such fears, I, Flos, swear that I shall make war on no nation or group that does not threaten Reim or my subjects. I offer peace to Chandrar and the world and swear my armies shall march upon no enemy that does not give me just cause.’”
Raelt gripped the armrest of his throne as he watched his court blink and stare as Geril raised his head. He let them digest it, noting who reacted with relief and who thought about the contents of the letter.
And it was a letter. Sent via City Runner to Jecrass; they must have traded off Runners three times to make it here by night. Raelt was sure other [Messages] bearing the same contents were probably speeding to other nations if the King of Destruction had not hired a Courier. Well, the physical letter itself was just a formality. The contents of the letter would still shake Chandrar.
“Well, that’s not so bad.”
Warden Emile looked much better than he had a second ago. Raelt stared at him and mentally downgraded the man’s intelligence by another point in his head.
“That would be half the letter. There was a threat, I believe. Geril?”
