6.15 K
Page 6
The Sunset Corridor was one of the unique parts of Jecrass’ palace. It was lovely, long stretch of walkway with a swooping, modernistic design where the hallway opened up, letting great, sloped balconies give anyone walking along it an unparalleled view of the countryside. It was also the most defensively idiotic choice you could make, but one of Raelt’s predecessors had decided he had to have it in, so Raelt could walk along the Sunset Corridor and survey his kingdom as the morning breeze warmed his skin.
During a sunset, Chandrar was beautiful and the previous [Kings] of Jecrass had forbidden anyone from establishing buildings on this side of the palace to keep the view unobstructed. There was plenty of space in Jecrass anyways. It was a flat nation, with more water than dusty Reim or Germina or Hellios, which allowed it to cultivate vast plains. And on those plains the people of Jecrass raised sheep, cows, goats, and many animals of pasture. But what Jecrass was known for was…
“Horses. I see there’s at least two herds out and about. Are they the royal stock?”
“I believe so, your Majesty.”
“Hm. Well, good for them.”
Raelt eyed the distant four-legged creatures roaming about and grazing on the grass. He felt they somewhat spoiled his view, but he couldn’t air that comment out loud. Someone might be listening.
King Raelt was a man of likes and dislikes. It had already been noted that he hated his court, but he had more than a few dislikes in his kingdom. Horses, for one. Raelt disliked horses and felt like the feeling was mutual. Which was ironic because the Realm of Jecrass was known for the superior stock of horses it turned out, from warhorses to racers to sturdy plow animals.
But Raelt could never enjoy riding the things, or caring for them. Possibly it had to do with one of the times Raelt had broken a tailbone, leg, or arm riding the things. But horses were only one of his dislikes and as Raelt impatiently waited at a precise spot about three quarters of the way down the Sunset Corridor, the young servant boy raced back with water and an orange fruit.
“Allow me, your Majesty.”
Geril peeled the orange with careful hands as the servant handed Raelt a glass of cool water. He savored the bits of ice floating in the drink, for all they were almost already melted. Ice, now, ice he liked. It was a luxury in Chandrar, but a [King] must have his indulgences. He drank down the water—it was important to stay hydrated after all—and glumly looked at the orange Geril presented him.
“It is rather…”
“It’s fine, Geril. Hand it to me.”
The half-peeled orange was indeed far past its prime. Still edible, but not the sort of thing you’d give to a [King]. Geril had done his best and found the best part of it to peel and let the mushy bottom unpeeled, but Raelt still regarded the orange glumly. It was a known fact that the King of Jecrass liked oranges, but that was partly a lie.
Raelt bit into the half-rotten orange slice and chewed it. Slimy, mushy—the [King]’s mouth revolted at the sensation. Raelt hated eating oranges. He didn’t hate orange things. Carrots, for instance, were delightful and crunchy. And they grew well in arid climates! But his [Royal Gardener] refused to have such a mundane crop in his tended gardens. Oranges and other rare fruits were all the vogue.
