6.15 K
Page 26
“But who is ‘us’, Siren? I came here to discuss a course of action, but fighting the King of Destruction does not appeal to me.”
That was Illivere. Cautious and refusing to commit. Whereas Revine, the Siren of Savere was open about her hatred for Flos. On the other hand, Empress Nsiia and Queen Yisame of Nerrhavia—
“I cared little for the proclamation, Queen Yisame. But tell me, does Nerrhavia desire war? You sent no army against Reim with the coalition, and you were surely able to do so.”
Yisame brushed her hair back impatiently, wrinkling her nose as Nsiia fed one of her hyenas by hand.
“I did not care to. It is true that the smaller nations petitioned Nerrhavia to enter the battle. What of it? Nerrhavia does not fear the King of Destruction. Nor do I wish to spend the time and energy it would take to battle his nation. The only thing that has roused my ire is his demands of my nation. In that, Flos of Reim has erred and provoked my response. And you, Empress of Beasts?”
Nsiia grinned up at Yisame’s face as the hyena prowled away.
“I counted Flos of Reim as my ally, once. Tiqr will abide by his peace and his request. It is a simple thing to answer, isn’t it?”
“She said that? Curious.”
Femithain and Yisame stood together, speaking quietly. The Queen of Nerrhavia looked down at him.
“And you, Crafter-Magus? What does the assembled will of Illivere think? Or is it paralyzed by fear?”
The Crafter-Magus’ gaze didn’t waver as he adjusted his spectacles.
“Illivere waits and thinks, Queen Yisame. There are actions that benefit Illivere. I think war does not benefit Illivere. On the other hand, it benefits few nations, Nerrhavia included. I came to ascertain if I had allies…or enemies before choosing my next course.”
He held Yisame’s gaze, not affected by her charms. She hesitated.
“Very well. I withdraw my words.”
“I thank you for that. As for Queen Nsiia, she seems to be held in her course. May I ask if Nerrhavia is the same?”
“How do you mean?”
“Nerrhavia is an enemy of Reim, or at least, no friend. It would fain see the King of Destruction ended. But Flos of Reim is battling the Empire of Sands, is he not?”
“So?”
“Is the Emperor of Sands an enemy to Nerrhavia? I’ve heard he is of the String People. And he claims…”
For the first time Yisame looked uncomfortable. She held up a hand.
“I did not come here to discuss that…one. I only care for the King of Destruction’s letter.”
She swept away from Femithain, and his eyes followed her. A few minutes later, Nsiia and Revine nearly came to blows.
“The King of Destruction looted Savere! His armies plundered my lands and my treasuries! Shouldn’t I hold a grudge against that?”
“As far as I understand it, he did to Savere what your [Pirates] have done to other nations for years. Or did your ships not raid Zeres four months back? Izril, Terandria, Baleros—Savere is a home to ships and theft from every part of the world, isn’t it, Siren?”
The [Empress] and the Siren stood eye-to-eye, glaring at each other. There was a dangerous feeling in the air, but Nsiia’s hand was on her belt. She had put aside the spear she carried, but her knife was still there and Revine knew it. The Siren breathed in heavily.
“My ships and my ports offer sanctuary. Moreover, it is my land. My grudge against the King of Destruction is mine to carry, not for others to judge.”
“Then is it war between Savere and Reim?”
The Empress of Beasts challenged Revine. The Siren’s eye twitched. Behind her, the watering hole’s calm surface began to shift ominously.
