6.16
Page 11
Griffon Hunt looked down at a smiling face. Erin Solstice waved up at them from the ground, an odd perspective that did weird things to the mind if you stared long enough. Halrac hopped onto the back of the wagon.
“We’re still moving, Erin.”
“I know…but you could take a break. Hey, is there a problem with the door on your end?”
“Nope. And I could use a snack, Halrac. Or trade out with one of the teams.”
Revi peered into the doorway. Halrac eyed Typhenous. The elderly [Mage] shrugged.
“We have been walking for a few hours. Or rather, you have. Let’s just pull us over to the side.”
“Fine.”
Halrac let Revi move the wagon off the road. There weren’t many people, but the few that were present were stunned to see Typhenous stand up and suddenly disappear. Revi was next. Halrac climbed up into the wagon when he heard a voice from the other side.
“Hold on. Something’s—”
Suddenly, the door went blank. Halrac stared at the bed of the wagon. In her inn, Erin stared at the door.
“Huh? It’s out of juice. What happened? I thought you guys charged it up!”
She turned to Ceria and Pisces, who’d done the job to make up for their earlier failure. Pisces frowned and peered at the door.
“We did. If not all the way, then adequately for any number of trips. Maybe…”
“Don’t talk, act. Typhenous, let’s fill this up properly.”
Revi scowled and put her hand on the door. So did Typhenous. The [Mage]’s brows shot up.
“The door’s drained.”
“What? But it was only you two who—”
The door came back to life and an image of the road flickered into view again. Halrac was standing outside the door, scowling, his bow drawn, the arrow loose on the string. He glanced up sharply.
“Problem?”
“No, the door just ran out of mana. Don’t worry, Halrac.”
The [Scout] nodded and grunted.
“Thought something had happened. Can I come through?”
“Yup. Uh, is the wagon okay?”
“It should be fine for a few minutes. We can keep the door open?”
“Yeah. Just come through in case that happens again.”
Halrac did. When he did, the door suddenly went dark. Erin made a disgusted sound. But Typhenous, who was peering at the door came to the same conclusion that Pisces did.
“Ah. I see. The door is simply too distant, Erin.”
“Precisely my thought. The door isn’t malfunctioning, Miss Solstice. It’s simply that we’ve finally reached a distance too great for casual travel.”
Typhenous straightened with a groan and massaged his back. Erin stared blankly at him and then her eyes widened.
“You mean…”
Jelaqua came over and peered at the door as the image of the other side reappeared once more.
“We passed Celum a long while ago. So we must be…well, hells. If we’re two hundred miles away, doesn’t that mean each trip is like…one half of Invrisil?”
“Assuredly. Even if it’s only a third of the distance, that’s a considerable distance. And the mana drain must be exponentially increasing.”
Typhenous sighed as he rapped on the door with his staff. Pisces nodded. He sniffed.
“I suppose this will inhibit travel somewhat. We can recharge the door, but it is taxing.”
“Aw. I guess we’ll have to let only one team go through at a time. And only rotate you guys out once per day or something. That’s a pain.”
Erin peered at the door, looking miffed. She shook her head.
“I really need to see if this thing can be upgraded.”
“Unless you know an [Enchanter] on the level of Warmage Thresk…”
“Who? Anyways, let’s have a snack while you guys decide who’s going through. For like, a day, unless one of you lovely [Mages] wants to recharge the door? I’ll give you free drinks.”
