6.16
Page 34
Heroes. Not to the many, but the few. To the two children who watched them pass through their town without a word. To the half-Elf living far from home, the Drowned Girl living in a port city, the Scorchling listening to stories around the hearth. They could not fight their battles. But they could exist, and shout their names across the world.
Jelaqua leapt up onto the side of the wagon. She clung to it and pointed ahead, never once looking back. Moore, walking next to her, raised his staff and Jelaqua raised her fist again. She laughed as she looked north, past a setting sun.
“Onwards. To another adventure. We’ll get to Invrisil and…damn, I forgot to grab all my bodies out of Erin’s inn. I guess when we reach Invrisil, we can pop in one last time. Eh, it feels weird after that goodbye, though.”
“Can you take the bodies with us?”
The Selphid shrugged.
“Bag of holding works. But they’ll rot in time. I’ll see about paying for accommodation. Or maybe she’ll let me keep them there? I can put them in a corner or something. Maybe put a few barrels in the way so no one gets spooked? They’re not going to reanimate and that’s a lot of bodies.”
“Planning on selling them? Because I know a few crews who deal in fresh corpses.”
Jelaqua laughed harder as Moore looked askance at Seborn.
“No. But on the other hand—I know a [Captain] too. Plus, can you imagine how much a Raskghar corpse would sell for in Baleros? It doesn’t play in Liscor, but up north, why not? You don’t mind if I switch out my Human body and keep the Raskghar one for like, big fights, do you?”
“Honestly, Jelaqua. Please don’t joke about that. You know what the laws are like. Besides, I’m sure Miss Solstice would let you keep the bodies.”
“You think so? Ah, of course. She’s too nice like that. But I’ll take them. Get some storage worked out. Invrisil does have a spot I can use. Otherwise, Pisces will probably salvage them for parts.”
They looked ahead. At last, Moore sighed.
“It will be hard saying goodbye. When we reach the City of Adventurers, that is.”
Jelaqua reached out and patted his shoulder.
“Someday, we’ll visit again.”
Seborn nodded. And the three kept moving. The night didn’t seem so harsh, suddenly. The road didn’t feel as painful. They walked on as Moore hummed a tune and Jelaqua began to sing. The road called and the adventurers strayed further from hearth and home. They’d left their homes long ago and now they lived where profit and glory called. Onwards, and away.
So the Halfseekers left. Seeing where the winds took them.
 
—-
 
And in the Wandering Inn, Erin wiped her tears away.
“I’ll see them again. And when I do—my inn will be twice as awesome. Or I’ll come to them. But I will see them again.”
She vowed to the quiet room. At her table, Ceria looked up. She looked at her team. Yvlon was still staring at the door where her brother had gone. Ksmvr was eating bread. Pisces was mournfully sketching a new Bone Horror.
“When we meet them again, we’ll be Gold-rank.”
That was all she said. Her team nodded. Ceria got up. She walked over to the door to Celum and opened it.
“Ceria, buddy, a little word about—”
The half-Elf closed the door for a second. She looked at the others.
“Coming? I want to go to Celum’s Adventuring Guild.”
Her team stood up. They stepped into Celum, Pisces sniffing as he stared at a burned patch of wood near the entrance to Octavia’s shop. Yvlon fended the [Alchemist] off. It just wasn’t the time for her. Not at the moment.
