6.16
Page 18
“Yeah, but not until she can upgrade the door itself or find a way to generate—how much did Moore say it was?—a shipload of mana.”
Ylawes chuckled this time. Jelaqua gave him a very pleased grin.
“So what’s happening with your groups? We’re on to new adventures. With the money we have, we need to rebuild our team. Maybe we’ll come back, but Pallass’ teams have that dungeon locked down. And frankly, it smelled like a huge trap to me.”
Halrac and Ylawes both nodded. The [Knight] frowned.
“I got that sense too while we were in the dungeon. Some of those traps were deadly. The horde monsters nearly took out Liscor. The Raskghar on the other hand were probably an unexpected threat from whomever built the dungeon. However, it was the inner city we never saw that perplexed me. I listened to that Minotaur, you know.”
“What, Calruz?”
Both Jelaqua and Halrac were surprised. The [Knight] nodded.
“Briefly. I visited his prison to question him. I wanted to see if he truly was the monster he seemed to be.”
Halrac’ grip tightened on his quill.
“And?”
“He was uncomfortably sane at times. Sane, and then—I think he truly did go mad. Or the dungeon had some hold on him. But he described the inner city to me. The…things in there. The deceased guardian. I’m not ashamed to say it made me uneasy. I can’t fathom why that city exists.”
Halrac paused in doing calculations to nod.
“I agree with you, Ylawes. The Minotaur’s description of the inner city makes me uneasy.”
“Why’s that, Halrac?”
Jelaqua gave the [Scout] a curious glance. They were both old adventurers and Jelaqua was technically older than Ylawes and more experienced, but he had seen more dungeons and he was a [Scout]. The man paused before replying.
“Because a few hundred thousand Infested creatures—even if they’re as dangerous as Ghouls—isn’t a threat worthy of this place. Our team never met this…Facestealer, but the Flesh Worm boss called Skinner wasn’t worthy of this dungeon either. If Erin Solstice and some Antinium could do it in, even if it was her, it was too weak.”
Ylawes and Jelaqua nodded slowly. The Selphid snapped her fingers.
“True. Someone with the power to make a dungeon like that would have many boss-class monsters, not just three. And even those horde rooms felt basic.”
“So either there’s some big trap that we haven’t seen, or those three boss monsters and this Mother of Graves are truly dangerous enough for the entire dungeon…”
Ylawes rubbed at his chin. Halrac nodded.
“Or it wasn’t meant to be a dungeon, but a hiding place. Or…someone raided most of it before we ever got there.”
“How do you figure? We made out pretty rich, didn’t w—”
Jelaqua caught herself as she gestured at Halrac’s bag of holding. Ylawes sighed, but he just shook his head. Halrac nodded as Jelaqua developed a cough.
“We did. But consider this: the first treasure hauls out of Chalence pulled nearly four million gold coin’s worth of looted treasure in the first year. It turned the team that first cleared the dungeon into Named Adventurers. Six teams of the adventurers retired on the loot and eighteen became minor landed nobility from that alone.”
“…Damn.”
“But that was Chalence. A legendary dungeon.”
