6.16
Page 12
Erin looked around hopefully, but she didn’t have any takers. Ceria felt tired even from the few spells she’d cast this morning after recharging the door once. The other [Mages] demurred as well. It was Halrac who stared at the door and the clear skies beyond and looked around slowly.
“Maybe it’s time to go.”
Erin blinked. She looked at Halrac. So did Revi and Typhenous. Revi raised her eyebrows.
“Go, go? I mean, if you want to, Halrac. But couldn’t we stay until Invrisil?”
“I heard one of our companions is working far west of there. We’re close enough; it would save us a lot of travel to split around now. And if we’re wasting mana—perhaps it’s time. We’ve saved a lot of effort in travelling this far. What do you think? Typhenous?”
“We have been sedentary. I dislike to say goodbye so abruptly, but you have a point. I wouldn’t be adverse to it.”
Typhenous stroked his beard. He looked at Revi and she nodded. Halrac turned to Erin. She looked at him, and then his teammates and laughed nervously.
“Aha. Ha. But you don’t mean that, right, Halrac? Right?”
“I do. I think it’s probably time. This is…as good an excuse as any.”
The [Scout] didn’t quite meet Erin’s eyes. But he was certain. Erin opened her mouth and closed it a few times.
“But—”
“That may be our cue as well.”
The voice came from behind them. Erin turned. Ylawes was on his feet. The [Knight] looked towards the door.
“We’re far enough north. We could begin looking for work at the first village we come across. And today’s job reminded me. We have been staying here a long time.”
“Without profit.”
Falene got up too. Dawil glanced at the two of them, then sighed and downed his mug. He got up.
“I suppose you’re right for once, lad. It has been fun, but if we’re all leaving, better to do it together.”
“Wait, wait. You’re not serious. Are you?”
Erin looked from Ylawes to Halrac. The [Scout] still had trouble meeting her eyes, but Ylawes came over. The [Knight] held out a hand as he removed his gauntlet.
“We’re truly grateful for your hospitality, Miss Erin. But my team and I came south to check on my sister. Since she no longer needs my help and she won’t come to our estates…I think this might be a proper opportunity to say goodbye as well.”
“But…now? The door’s just on the fritz. Don’t mind it.”
Erin kicked the door. She looked around. This was too sudden. And yet, it had been coming. And the third Gold-rank Captain who stood up confirmed it. Jelaqua had an odd smile on her face. Regretful, embarrassed. But she came to stand with Ylawes and Halrac.
“I guess we’ll do the same. Moore, Seborn? Guess we’ve got to pack. Toss everything in your bag of holding and get ready to go.”
Moore looked up. He was patting Mrsha’s head. Seborn stood up. Erin turned around.
“Wait, wait, wait. This is so fast!”
“But we have been thinking about it. We are going to Invrisil for a reason, Miss Solstice. But I think our paths will take us away from the City of Adventurers, at least for now.”
Typhenous spoke gently. Erin looked at Jelaqua.
“But you guys are taking the door, right? You don’t have to go. I mean, you’re not going. You can come back whenever! So it’s just…”
The Selphid waved her hand gently as she shook her head.
“Nah. Think about it. We’d have to charge up your door to let all three of us go back and forth, and we need to have a team watching that door, right? You wouldn’t be able to go to Pallass if we did that, anyways. So…we’ll head out. You might see us once or twice before we get to Invrisil, but I think it’s good to say goodbye. With the others. For solidarity.”
