6.16
Page 31
He waved his hand, indicating bugs in general. Jelaqua nodded.
“We’ll see if they have some [Healers] with bug repelling incense or potions or something in the next village. Looks like there’s one up ahead. See it?”
The other two nodded. They quickened their pace to beat the night. Jelaqua sighed. She did want to keep going. But sometimes it did seem like the road ahead was long.
“We spent a long time chasing Garen’s shadow. A long time, lads. What will we do now? Find work? Gain money?”
“Rebuild. You said it yourself.”
Seborn looked over. Jelaqua blinked at him. The Drowned Man gestured at her and Moore.
“We’ll find more teammates. Start from there. The Halfseekers were never at full strength. If we get three more teammates, or even two, we can take on proper requests. I won’t leave. Take me to First Landing and I can settle some things with my old crew. A matter of honor among…[Pirates].”
Jelaqua whistled. Moore blinked. Seborn rarely brought up his past.
“You have a death match or something? Because if you do, all you had to do was—”
“I don’t owe them. They owe me. And I’m going to let them know I want to collect.”
“How much are we talking here?”
“Wait and see. Happy?”
“Very.”
Jelaqua grinned to herself. Now there was a surprise from one of her teammates she could learn to like. The wagon trundled forwards, and the town came into view. It was one of those nothing-settlements, at least in Jelaqua’s eye. The road north even passed directly through the village; it had probably grown up as a way station over the years. There were people in the streets, and Jelaqua sighed as she noticed some heads turning in the distance.
“Alright, see any [Healer] signs? Inns?”
“No. And no.”
“Aw, come on. This is a village! It has to have…”
“See those burnt buildings?”
“…Ah. Well, that looks like trouble. Damn. [Bandits]? The Bloodfeast Raiders hit another place?”
“If they had, this village would be ash. Accident, [Bandits], it doesn’t matter. We’re not sleeping here. And they’re giving us the look.”
The Halfseekers fell silent. Seborn didn’t need to elaborate. Some of the villagers had spotted Moore at a distance and then Seborn and Jelaqua. She was hard to identify, but a Drowned Man and a half-Giant sent some of the villagers scuttling into their houses. Jelaqua raised her voice and shouted ahead before anyone could grab a weapon. Or form a mob.
“Hoi! We’re the Halfseekers! Gold-rank adventurers, passing through! Don’t mind us!”
That gave the villagers pause. They didn’t exactly come rushing out to welcome the trio, but they didn’t run either as the wagon trundled into the village outskirts. They knew the Halfseekers, just like people knew the Silver Swords. They stared. Gawked. Pointed. Whispered.
It wasn’t pleasant. Jelaqua saw Moore hunching his shoulders in a way he never had in Erin’s inn. She’d almost forgotten that, or the look on Seborn’s face.
“Steady, boys. Let’s just keep going. With luck, we can get to a town before night. If not—that camp’s looking better than ever.”
“Agreed. Moore can make us a shelter.”
The half-Giant nodded silently. The Halfseekers quickened their pace. They saw Humans watching them. Fear and disgust and—some children rushed around a house.
“Look! I said I saw them! I said it was a Giant and a—”
The boy excitedly leading them on froze when he saw the Halfseekers looking at him. The children fell silent, but then they began talking amongst themselves, pointing without trying to hide the fact. Jelaqua hoped one of them wouldn’t come up and ask a question. Or…do something else.
