6.16
Page 22
Moore’s eyes were a bit misty. But there weren’t any tears as he waved goodbye to Falene. The other two teams went onwards. But the Silver Swords walked into the village. And the villagers stopped to stare.
Of course they stared. One team of adventurers as peculiar as the Halfseekers was a sight to see, much less three Gold-rank teams at once. And here was a [Knight], standing in their village! Was he on a quest? On some dire errand? Ylawes walked into the square and raised his voice.
“Good people of Ambault. I am Ylawes of the Silver Swords. My team will be passing through this area today. If anyone has a request, a need, seek us out now or on the road.”
They stirred at that. The Silver Swords. Back around Liscor, Ylawes’ team was only a name. But further north, it was a story. One of the villagers hurried forwards.
“Sir. Are you the Ylawes who liberated the town of Ryhm from those Trolls two years back?”
“That was us, sir. Have you a problem?”
Ylawes shook the man’s hand firmly. The villager sucked in his breath.
“Not me. But my cousin—she lives closer to the High Passes. South and west of here. Further along the mountain range than the entrance, so she thought she was safe. But after Lord Tyrion’s army passed through and those Goblins—there was trouble. Eater Goats. And then, following them, Gargoyles. Sir, she and her village haven’t enough gold to hire proper Silver-rank for the job, much less Gold. A bounty’s been out for the past two weeks, but no one’s taken it. If you could think about—”
“Of course.”
The man blinked. Ylawes had replied with the speed of someone utterly set in his course—or someone not thinking at all. He stared up at Ylawes, but the [Knight]’s eyes were firm.
“If there are Gargoyles we’ll take care of them. The Adventurer’s Guild has a bounty on their heads. Your sister doesn’t need to worry about the price. Let me know where her village is and we’ll head there directly. We may need to purchase horses.”
“I—I could lend you some. Or sell you them if need be. You could bring them to my sister’s—she lives in Orefell. Thank you, Sir Ylawes!”
The man grasped his hand. Ylawes shook it a second time.
“What’s your name, sir?”
“Ambriel, sir. Bless you. You just showed up. And my sister’s village is in dire need. They lost eight folks already, and the Gargoyles have eaten half a flock—”
A crowd was gathering. People were listening in, not even hiding the fact. Neither Ylawes nor Ambriel kept their voice down either. The [Knight] asked a few questions and turned.
“We will be there as soon as we can. Falene? Horses. Mister Ambriel will lend us some, but we need saddles. Dawil?”
“Potions. Aye, lad. I’m on it. Hey, is there a [Herbalist] around here? A [Healer] or [Alchemist]? Damn, we should have stocked up more on Octavia’s stuff. But I have three potions, and…”
The two adventurers hurried off. Ylawes turned. The [Knight] looked at Ambriel. The man was still blinking at him. It was a familiar sight to Ylawes.
“And you don’t need a fee besides the bounty the Adventurer’s Guild set? You’ll go straight off?”
He looked at Ylawes, as if he couldn’t believe it. The [Knight] smiled. He shook his head, amused.
“Of course. Where else would we be?”
And there was something so pure, so childlike and honest about his expression that some of the villagers had to look away. Falene came back with the horses, and Dawil with some cheap potions a few minutes later. Ylawes mounted up and pointed.
“Silver Swords—forwards!”
 
—-
 
