6.16
Page 16
“Who ever knew that a strange skeleton would lead us here? You stay safe. You’re insane and crazy and I hope your inn does well. We’ll be back. And you just wait for us. We’ll be properly famous, then.”
She let go. Typhenous was last. He stroked his beard as he looked at Erin, at her inn.
“Ah, Miss Solstice. I don’t know what to make of you. I don’t know what to say of your inn. I owe you my apologies for my impositions. Thanks for all you’ve done. I still owe you a debt. And I will repay it someday. But for now, we must away. And so I can only leave you with this.”
He bent and gently hugged Erin. Then he stepped back.
And there they were. Nine adventurers. Three teams. They looked at Erin and she was overcome. So, to let her say something, and because they were left, all three teams said their farewells to the Horns of Hammerad.
Ceria, Pisces, Yvlon, and Ksmvr shook hands and exchanged hugs. Each of the adventurers had advice for them, each in their own way, stern and caring, abrupt and funny.
“Don’t be afraid to run away.”
“You’re not Gold-ranks yet. But you have potential. Keep practicing until you can properly call yourselves Wistram mages.”
“You did well.”
“Keep advancing. Your team has done well. Take it slowly.”
“Don’t let that your Captain turn into someone like Pointy.”
“Best of luck.”
“Luck, young Pisces. Miss Yvlon. Ksmvr. Ceria.”
“Hey, you’ll make it! Just watch out when Ksmvr goes places or he’ll scare people. That goes for Pisces too.”
Ylawes paused as he gripped Yvlon’s hand gently. He looked at her arms, and then into his sister’s eyes.
“You’ve found a good team, haven’t you, Yvlon?”
“I have.”
“Then I will see you later. Visit father and mother when you can. Your sister would like to see you. But if I see them first…I’ll tell them you’re well.”
He turned. And the door was waiting. The adventurers slowly walked towards it. Moore was slowest, Falene fastest. The half-Giant had to bend down.
“Mrsha. ”
He’d said goodbye with the others. But Mrsha didn’t want to let go. She clung to Moore’s leg, looking up at him pleadingly. The half-Giant looked so stricken, Lyonette had to help pry Mrsha off him. And then he had to say goodbye to her as the others gathered around the door. Moore bent down and his face was completely wet. But he lifted something with one hand, concealing it as he spoke.
“Keep practicing. You’re quite surprising, little one. You’ll be better than I ever could be. But remember, you aren’t just a [Mage]. You’re something more.”
He offered her a flower, as white as Mrsha’s fur, with a tiny pink center. The Gnoll clutched it in her paws, her eyes leaking tears. Moore stood. And the adventurers stood in front of the door. They turned.
“I—I—I don’t know what to say! Someone say something good! What can I say?”
Erin wept as she looked from face to face. She raised a fist and shook it weakly.
“You—you’re all jerks. Because you’re too nice! You came in here, made friends with me, saved my life. How dare you? How dare you do all that and just go without me being able to say how much I’ll miss you? Why can’t you stay?”
And at least, that was a question they could answer. Ylawes stroked his chin. Falene sniffed and sighed. Dawil grinned. Jelaqua laughed and hiccupped. Moore bowed his head, smiling though his tears. Seborn laughed softly. Halrac blinked. Revi snorted and Typhenous stroked his beard. They answered as one.
“Because we’re adventurers.”
