6.16
Page 14
It did feel too soon. It did feel abrupt. But as all three teams looked at each other, they knew it was time. Jelaqua had spoken the truth. You could put off going again and again. But you’d never feel like it was the right time to go.
“Well—well, you have to wait one second! I’m not letting you go empty-handed!”
Erin looked around defiantly. She ran into the kitchen and rushed out. She shoved a small canteen into Halrac’s hands.
“Here. Faerie Flower drink. And for you guys I’m making a lunch basket. At least for Moore! And—and Dawil can fill his water flask with that stupid lager and—”
“Erin.”
Ceria stopped her. The young woman looked up as Ceria grabbed by the arm. Ceria wanted to tell Erin to stop overreacting. That it was just a goodbye. That they’d be back. But she couldn’t, because as she looked into Erin’s face, she saw the girl’s eyes were overflowing.
She was crying. And when the adventurers saw that, they felt…terrible. And they knew it was beyond time to go. Because she was an [Innkeeper]. And they were adventurers.
They could not stay forever.
There was no party. And it was a split decision. But there was a formality to it nonetheless. The teams went one at a time. The Silver Swords were first. Ylawes, wearing the silvery armor that still shone by virtue of polishing. Dawil stood next to him, taller than you’d think a Dwarf could be, a hand on his hammer. Was he blinking too fast? Falene was dry-eyed as she held her staff. But she bent her head and nodded to Erin.
“It was a pleasure.”
“You helped my sister and I in countless ways, Erin. I cannot thank you enough for your hospitality.”
The young woman sniffed and rubbed at her nose and eyes as she looked up at Ylawes.
“I thought you were a jerk! And I know you’re sort of a jerk, Falene. Dawil is cool.”
“Hah! Hear that?”
The Dwarf nudged his companion. Falene almost smiled as she looked down at Erin. And then Ylawes knelt. As a [Knight] might to a [Princess]. He held Erin’s hand for a second before he stood.
“We didn’t converse often, it’s true. And I think your…Hobgoblin friends affected how we interacted. I do wish we could have spoken longer, Miss Solstice. But it isn’t a farewell forever. The Silver Swords are always roaming. And if we ever pass by Invrisil or Liscor in the future…”
He drifted off. And his eyes went back to Erin as he stepped back. Falene was next. She looked down awkwardly at Erin and sniffed.
“It was a pleasure. At times. Your inn is quite fascinating, Miss Solstice. Even if we haven’t spoken—”
“I didn’t mean you were a jerk, jerk.”
Erin snuffled. Falene tapped her cheek and Erin’s running nose and tears dried for a second. The half-Elf looked at Erin, looking uncomfortable. Then she nodded to herself and adopted a lecturing, familiar tone. But a caring one.
“Be cautious of Wistram, Miss Solstice. I have no doubt they’ll be interested in that door of yours. As will others. I suggest you refuse all offers and invest in some form of security. And if you should need a proper [Enchanter], try Hedault in Invrisil when your door is active. Inform him that Falene of the Silver Swords recommends you and he might be more inclined to entertain your requests. As for the rest, I can only bid you good luck and farewell. I am sure we will meet again. For what is time to half-Elves?”
Erin snuffled. Falene yelped as an arm thrust her aside. Dawil took her place.
“You are terrible at goodbyes, Pointy. Which is my new name for you.”
He turned to Erin, who was laughing in between her tears. She looked at him.
