6.16
Page 4
Ceria sighed. Falene shot her a glance and Ceria tried to give her a smile. She knew Falene cared, in her way. But it was hard to talk to her. She turned to Pisces. This conversation would be easier—if it had to happen—after they were done standing in the muck and having a nice drink at Erin’s inn. That was what Ceria and her team had been doing all the time of late. Drinking, eating, while the door slowly moved north to Invrisil. Did Ceria feel lazy for doing it? Yes. But she was enjoying herself. And besides, they were working. Even if this was just an easy—
“Uh oh.”
Pisces’ voice made Ceria looked up. His eyes were suddenly locked on the cave. He licked his lips.
“Ah. Er—back up. Back—oh dear.”
“Pisces? Something wrong?”
The [Necromancer] didn’t respond at first. The buzzing inside the cave had reached a crescendo. Ceria exchanged a glance with Falene.
“Pisces?”
“The uh—the Bone Horror began demolishing the hive. But—oh no. The bees are covering the Bone Horror.”
“So what? They can’t hurt it, right?”
“That was my assumption. And I thought the flames they emitted weren’t hot enough to—but it is very hot and I think the bone is—the bone is cracking­—”
Ceria heard a snap at the same time Pisces yelled. She jumped. The cracking had come from the cave! Pisces stumbled back.
“Pisces?”
“They broke it! I just lost my connection! They burnt my Bone Horror to pieces! And they’re coming! Raise a barrier!”
He pointed towards the cave. Ceria blinked. She raised her hand and looked at Falene.
“[Ice Wall].”
“[Bone Wall]!”
“[Force Barrier]. It’s hardly an issue. They won’t be able to—”
The walls of bone and ice were rising out of the ground, sealing off the cave. They made it halfway up, Ceria’s ice spell racing up faster than Pisces’ bone magic when there was a thrumming sound. And then a few hundred bees blasted out of the cave.
A flaming, flying fireball of insects smashed into the growing bone wall, blowing it to pieces. Ceria saw her ice wall melt in a second. The bees shot towards the entrance and stopped, ramming into something at the entrance. Falene’s [Force Wall] bulged but held. Falene staggered. And suddenly her expression had grown intense. Her eyes widened and she raised her staff and planted it in the ground.
“Oh tree rot. My wall just—”
“Raise another! Now!”
Falene shouted at her. Behind her, the other adventurers looked around and saw the bugs swarming at the entrance. Ceria tried.
“Okay, it’s coming up! It should—grass shit! They just melted it!”
Her ice wall got hallway up before the heat melted straight through the wall. Ceria tried again, but her ice magic couldn’t even get close to the bees.
“Pisces? How’s that bone?”
“It’s cracking! They’re too hot! We underestimated them! Back up!”
He grabbed Falene, but the half-Elf shook him off. She had planted her staff in the ground.
“If I move, the [Force Barrier] will break. I’m—holding them—Ylawes, Dawil!”
“Here!”
The other adventurers raced up towards the cave. Ylawes stared at the bees, then at Ceria and Pisces.
“The Bone Horror—”
“They turned it to ash! They’re a lot hotter than I thought they were! We need to pull back!”
“You can’t outrun bees! Aw, hell! Moore! Cover me in vines! I’m going to get in there. You cover me while I knock as many down as I can. If I can get enough—”
“We’re with you.”
“Indeed. Allow us to be sacrificial decoys while the [Mages] retreat. Then we shall retreat, assuming we are alive.”
Yvlon lifted her sword. Ksmvr had already readied his Forceshield and shortsword. Ylawes looked at Jelaqua and held out a hand.
“No.”
“Ylawes—”
