6.16
Page 27
There were six Gargoyles, two aiming at him, one on Ylawes, and three heading towards Falene. The half-Elf was backing up and she had a barrier deployed, but the Gargoyles were huge, as tall as small trees and as big as—Dawil was too busy hammering the Gargoyle’s knees to make a comparison. It was strong, but his armor was thick and he was even stronger. The trouble was, the Gargoyle was huge and even if he broke its legs, it could still spit stones.
“Falene! They’re charging you!”
The Dwarf roared. Falene raised her staff and a [Lightning Bolt] struck one Gargoyle in the chest, and then the other. But the third rammed into her barrier and the half-Elf rolled back as the [Force Wall] spell exploded. Dawil swore.
“Ylawes!”
The [Knight] was dueling his Gargoyle, swearing as he tried to shield his horse. He was dismounted—the first Gargoyle had knocked him from the saddle. They’d been far closer to Orefell than the adventurers had expected. They’d been ambushed by the damn things on the road. Even so, they could win if Falene—
The Gargoyle was charging her. Dawil swore. Heedless of the Gargoyle trying to batter him with his claws, he turned. His hand went to his side, to a little axe on his belt. He yanked it out. The Gargoyle’s back was open. Dawil lifted the small hatchet, felt it balance perfectly, and roared.
“[Champion’s Throw]!”
The axe flew. Falene, raising her staff dizzily, saw the Gargoyle scream and buckle. The axe spun through the skin on its back, through part of its spine, and stopped—halfway out of its chest. It toppled over as Dawil turned, roaring, and bashed another Gargoyle in the knee.
“Ylawes!”
The [Knight] was finally pushing back his Gargoyle. He let the horse behind him run and slashed at the Gargoyle’s arm, drawing blood with his enchanted sword. He struck his shield as the Gargoyle punched with all of its might and its fist rebounded off his gleaming shield.
“Silver Swords advance! [Challenge of the Knight]!”
Four of the Gargoyles focused on him. Dawil hammered on his until a trio of [Lightning Bolts] hit his Gargoyle in the same spot, one after another. The third blew the Gargoyle’s head off. He looked back. Falene was angry. And the Gargoyles, already bleeding and realizing that Ylawes had barely taken more than a few blows, began to flee.
“After them!”
Dawil roared and Falene brought down two more, one with webs on the wings, the other with more lightning bolts. Dawil and Ylawes finished off the grounded one; the other two leapt away. They couldn’t really fly; they were far too heavy. But they could glide and their wings gave them jumping power.
“Damn. I never thought they’d be hunting the roads. That was close.”
Panting, the Dwarf struck the third Gargoyle on the head, making sure its brains were well and truly mushed. Then he stumbled back to the Gargoyle he’d killed with the axe. Heedless of the gore, he bent down and retrieved the axe, taking care not to touch the edge, even with his metal-plated fingers.
“Falene, are you alright?”
“Fine, Ylawes. My spell took the blow; it was just the blowback that struck me. My head’s ringing, but I’m well.”
Ylawes nodded.
“We’ll have to track them down. I’m sorry I missed the ambush.”
Dawil straightened, wiping the axe on the grass.
“Not your fault, lad. They looked like stones to me too. Cunning bastards. At least we don’t have to look for them.”
He walked back to the other two. Falene cleared her throat.
“Dawil. Thank you for saving me with the axe.”
“No problem, Pointy.”
