6.16
Page 23
The second parting was less dramatic. It came at a fork in the road. Halrac had seen the sign, so he asked Revi to stop the wagon. She hopped down and the [Scout] pointed.
“We’ll go too. This road takes us west of Invrisil, which is where we’re headed to begin with. We might see each other again. If we do…”
He held out a hand awkwardly. Jelaqua took it.
“A drink. Don’t be strangers, you lot. It was a pleasure to work with each other, truly.”
“It was a pleasure, Moore.”
“I haven’t apologized for hitting you when we first met, have I?”
The half-Giant shook Typhenous’ hand. Seborn nodded to Revi.
“Best of journeys.”
“And to you. Uh—we don’t really know each other.”
“No.”
“But we are pals, aren’t we?”
Jelaqua laughed. Halrac smiled. Griffon Hunt watched as Seborn clambered up and began to drive the wagon away as Jelaqua and Moore walked together next to it. Then they turned and began heading west and north.
“Damn. Now I feel terrible saying that to Seborn. I liked him. I just…didn’t speak to him enough.”
Revi muttered at her hand. Typhenous smiled. He glanced twice at Halrac’s back before speaking softly to Revi.
“I’m sure he had nothing but goodwill, Revi. And ah, we’ve had enough goodbyes.”
“True. I’m exhausted.”
Revi yawned, and stretched. She lowered her arms and looked between Typhenous and Halrac. Neither man said anything. Revi scowled. Then she glanced over her shoulder, the way they’d come.
“Did you see the Silver Swords? Just walked into a village and asked if anyone needed help, like the old days. Didn’t ask about money—not that anyone in that village looked like they could pay. Think they’ll sort out those Gargoyles?”
“No doubt. Ylawes promised, and the Silver Swords don’t go back on their word.”
Halrac grunted. Revi eyed him.
“So how do they make ends meet? Taking a few lucrative jobs every now and then? They had good gear, but if they’re spending as much on potions as they make from killing monsters…”
“You’d be surprised how many old grandmothers will pull out a family heirloom, or remember an old dungeon or buried treasure when a handsome [Knight] rides in and cuts off a monster’s head without asking for a reward. It’s a viable tactic.”
“So why don’t we do it?”
“Because not all grandmothers have artifacts under their beds, Revi.”
“Ah.”
The [Summoner] walked along in silence. Then she threw up her arms.
“Alright, spill it! What were you two talking about? And don’t lie or I’m summoning a Shield Spider and loosing it on both of you!”
She glared at Typhenous and Halrac. The old [Mage] looked down. Halrac turned his head. His glare was back in full force.
“Typhenous added gold to our bag of holding.”
“What?”
“He added nearly seven thousand gold pieces.”
“Seven tho—how?”
The [Scout] clenched one hand into a fist.
“He wouldn’t say. Typhenous?”
The old man looked up and met the [Scout]’s eyes. Typhenous shook his head slowly.
“Ah, Halrac. If you had to ask, you know. I have contacts. I have a past.”
“And you used those contacts and that past. If you did half the things I’m imagining, give me a reason I shouldn’t shoot you here and now.”
Revi paled. Halrac had a hand on his quiver. And she knew he could nock and loose and arrow faster than she or Typhenous could move. The [Mage] kept Halrac’s gaze.
“I told you. I did nothing to harm any of our team or our friends. And I will swear that on a truth spell.”
Halrac’s white-knuckled grip loosened only slightly.
“You will. And you will tell me everything you did, or I will kick you out of this team and more.”
