6.16
Page 2
“Make a note of the Hive’s size, will you? We’ll add this to the monthly report to the other guilds. If there are other Ashfire Bee nests in the area, they should be careful. Although they are good for flowers.”
“Yes, boss.”
Silence took over for a moment. Maviss finished her work, stamped the signed document and slipped it into a folder under the table. She leaned back in her chair, then looked over at Selys.
“So…how rich are you?”
“Mm. Not saying.”
“A hundred gold pieces? No, wait, four hundred? You didn’t sell the armor, but I saw Miss Ivirith wearing the armor. And Wall Lord Ilvriss.”
“Drop it, Maviss.”
“A thousand gold pieces, then. Two thousand? Four thousand?”
“Maviss…”
“Come on! I have to know! Six thousand. Eight? Ten—”
“If I had ten thousand gold pieces—”
“Aha! So it’s less. Okay, under ten thousand. Just wink if I’m getting close. Eight? Six? Four? Come on, Selys. Two? Selys? Selys…”
 
—-
 
Outside of Liscor’s walls, a mile or two away from the city was a cave. It was a noisy cave, especially in the spring. Ashfire Bees flew in and out, bearing huge loads of pollen and nectar, food for their massive home, a hive in the back of the cave. The oversized bees were terrifying and fascinating.
On one hand they were generally peaceful. They made honey. On the other hand, they were the size of your hands and a single sting would be a world of hurt. And disturb their hive? There were hundreds of Ashfire Bees in the hive. Even someone in armor would die within seconds of incurring their wrath. Which was why the three groups of adventurers waiting outside weren’t sending a person into the cave.
“See, I can appreciate this. This is a solid use of necromancy. Baleros has no problems with undead. Well, less problems. Here we have a problem and instead of sending the Selphid, we send a Bone Horror.”
Jelaqua Ivirith commented to Moore and Yvlon as they stood well behind the giant two-headed bear Bone Horror slowly lumbering towards the cave. It was a monstrosity of bone, with a reinforced body and spiky protrusions that would allow it to gore anything it ran into or crushed. It was a monster worthy of a Silver-rank team, but it was on the side of the adventurers.
Pisces, standing next to Ceria and Falene, pointed, and the Bone Horror slowly entered the cave. The Ashfire Bees flying overhead buzzed down. A few landed on the Bone Horror, as if inspecting it. Then one tried to sting it.
“All going well so far. Can you see what it’s doing?”
Ceria watched as the Bone Horror entered the cave. Pisces nodded absently. Falene was wrinkling her nose as she watched the [Necromancer] at work. It was a surprise she’d come here with Pisces but she’d insisted.
“I have some sensory perception, yes, Ceria. I’m moving it forwards slowly. The bees are, ah, beginning to try and dissuade my creation. But of course their stingers cannot harm it.”
“Just aim for the hive. Ceria and I will handle any stragglers after your Bone Horror has demolished the hive. Or if it somehow fails before destroying it. I intend to use [Frostdart Swarm]. What about you, Ceria?”
“Eh. [Ice Wall], probably. I’ll just freeze the bees solid. Seems like it’d work best. I don’t have that many spells against crowds anyways.”
Falene sniffed. It was such an imitation of Pisces that both he and Ceria turned to look at her.
“You should expand your repertoire, Ceria. A [Mage] should have magics for every occasion, even if you have a forte.”
