6.16
Page 24
“Of course. But I didn’t want to speak of it with Miss Falene eavesdropping. Wistram [Mages] have the habit. And some things aren’t…wise to speak of in the open.”
Both Halrac and Revi looked around. But there was no one to listen. Still, they understood the warning. Typhenous shook his head.
“You may not be pleased, Halrac. I will admit, at first my actions were simply…selfish. But later on I did try and use them to help Miss Solstice. And I did this for the team. All the gold I was given is in our bag of holding. As it should be.”
Halrac’s grip was still tight on his bow. But he eventually nodded.
“There’s no help for it. Telling the others would have been a mistake. But mark me—we will have a discussion. Ulrien told you—”
“I know. But that is who I am, Halrac. And I have a greater debt to the team than anyone else. I was the one who brought us low.”
Typhenous leaned on his staff. His voice, confident before, became weaker. Pleading. Revi looked at him with concern. Halrac turned forwards again. His voice was cold.
“You’re a team member. The mistakes the team made aren’t any one person’s fault. Ulrien and I both approved.”
“And I cast the spell.”
Typhenous’ voice rasped painfully. There was nothing more to say after that. Revi walked between the two, silent. After a long time, perhaps thirty minutes as they passed through the outer part of a forest, walked along a river and past…well, a few homes, not even a village of scattered, isolated folk, Halrac spoke.
“We’re going to square some of those debts. We settled…our obligations outside of our team. But we didn’t have enough for the others.”
Neither Typhenous nor Revi spoke. The [Summoner] scuffed along the ground.
“That’s why we’re going this way, huh? Fine. How much are we giving each?”
“Eighteen thousand gold pieces.”
“Eighteen thousand? But they didn’t spend—”
“Eighteen thousand. Six thousand per teammate. It squares us for what they lost. The hit to their reputations. It’s not a debt. Ulrien would have called it a point of integrity.”
“Damn. And we just earned this much. We earned it and—”
Revi couldn’t help it. A few tears of frustration welled up in her eyes. Typhenous patted her gently on the back. And he looked more pained then before. Furiously, Revi dashed the tears aside.
“Fine. But if they want to come back, we’ll—they’ll—fine. But this is it, you hear? Once this is over, we’re done. We’re going to make Griffon Hunt as good as it used to be.”
“Agreed.”
Halrac and Typhenous both nodded. Revi calmed down. She walked with them, her team. So few from when she’d joined a few years back. But they were a team. Joined by tragedy and error. Held together by guilt, and integrity.
“So we just go visit—who? Cassielle? Elm? Briganda?”
“Elm. He’s apparently hunting solo.”
“Fine. Fine. And then—”
Revi broke off. Someone had spotted them on the road. The narrower, winding trail they were following was passing near a cottage. And a woman and two children were hurrying out towards them. Halrac looked up.
“Excuse me! Sir—sir, are you a [Hunter], by chance?”
The woman called out anxiously. The children, a girl and a boy, hid behind her anxiously. And the woman was afraid too. You would be, of travellers on the road. Halrac stepped forwards and small family stopped, a ways away from him.
“I’m a [Scout], Miss. An adventurer. We’re Griffon Hunt. A Gold-rank team.”
