6.16
Page 30
Jelaqua looked back wistfully the way they’d come. Moments ago they’d been walking with Griffon Hunt and the Silver Swords, or so it had seemed. This morning she’d woken up in Erin’s inn. In Liscor. And now they were so far north and they wouldn’t go back to The Wandering Inn. At least, not for a while. And even when they did open the door, it would just be to say goodbye.
“We could visit tonight. To say hello.”
“No.”
Seborn had been ready for Moore’s suggestion and he shot it down at once. The half-Giant looked hurt. Jelaqua sighed, but sympathetically.
“We said goodbye so we could make a clean break, Moore. Either we stopped and did some weird stuff where two of us had to guard the door at night while the other one stayed at the inn—or we say goodbye now. You can’t go back, even if Mrsha misses you. I miss her. And Erin. And those nice beds!”
“Erin cooked food enough for me. Proper food. And she gave me a proper bed, even though she had to bully that [Carpenter] in Celum to do it.”
Moore looked wistfully at the wagon. Jelaqua sighed.
“She’s spoiled us. The next [Innkeeper] we meet is going to be unpleasant. Sideways looks, questions about rotting…”
“Overcharging us.”
“Sleeping in the stables. Tip offs to the local watch…”
The Halfseekers sighed. They looked at the door in silence. Jelaqua shook her head.
“We know good sorts in Invrisil. And there’s that great [Innkeeper] up north. You know? Hey, I wonder if we can introduce Erin to her someday. You know? She’s over Level 40 and Erin’s…what?”
“At least Level 30.”
“What? No. You think so?”
“She has a preservation Skill, Jelaqua. And the mana in her inn can fuel the magic door. That’s more mana than I have. She has to be Level 30. At least.”
Jelaqua whistled.
“Well then, we met a good person to watch, boys. And we will see her again. Soon she’ll have a door to Invrisil and if she ever manages to improve it…sky’s the limit. But for today, I’m afraid we’re sleeping on the ground or in a barn unless we find a nice town with a friendly [Innkeeper].”
“I hate the spring. Too many bugs like my skin.”
“They like seafood, Seborn. Stop complaining. Moore’s way bigger than you are.”
“I don’t like the bugs either. You don’t feel the bites, Jelaqua.”
The two gave Jelaqua a reproachful look. She scowled at them.
“Hey! You think I have it easy? Try fighting of ticks, worms, and everything else that thinks I’m food! Little bastards think they can get this body? It’s claimed!”
She slapped her chest. The Halfseekers followed the wagon in silence for a bit, Seborn driving it down the road lit by a sinking sun. At last, Moore spoke up.
“Sometimes I don’t know why we don’t retire. Or I do, at any rate. I could live for…years off of what we earned. If I took a few minor jobs now and then. Jelaqua, Seborn, you might even retire.”
“Yeah, but I don’t want to. And this is enough for us to live modestly, Moore, but it won’t pay for more than a few artifacts. I don’t want to quit. Not now. Not when we’ve finally settled things with Garen.”
“Exactly. And I have things to do.”
“Which would be…?”
The [Rogue] didn’t reply. Jelaqua sighed.
“Well, if you promise you won’t split right away, we can upgrade our gear and maybe see about finding some new teammates. There must be someone willing to work with us. Even if they’re only Silver-rank. We can carry them until they’re higher-level. Unless you’re serious about retiring, Moore?”
She glanced up anxiously at the half-Giant. He shook his head immediately.
“I’d be willing to do that. I’m not retiring right away. I just hate…”
