6.16
Page 5
“I meant Ksmvr. Yv, put your helmet on. Shield your face. Borrow Ksmvr’s shield. Dawil?”
“Helmet on. Face covered. Just block the bees and our armor will hold. Got it?”
The [Warriors] nodded. They were squaring up, facing the cave. Jelaqua cursed as she lifted her flail.
“Moore! Thorns on all of us! Can you do a face covering? Ah, hells, hells—I’m just glad we have more bodies back at Erin’s inn! Falene, let us get close! Can you set up some spells? Ceria? Pisces? We could use a trap or spell!”
“I can’t do anything. I can only hold this barrier and it’s draining my mana too quickly to—”
Falene was gasping. Ceria looked around, trying to figure out what she could do.
“I can throw some ice magic but they’ll melt it! Hold on—”
“No time. I’ll hit them with a lightning spell as they come out, but I don’t know [Lightning Bolt]. Ceria, start running. I’ll pick up Falene and [Flash Step] after you. Ksmvr. Run! Moore as well!”
Pisces’ face was tense. Ksmvr looked around as he handed his shield to Yvlon.
“I believe it is time to run, friend Moore. We are useless and fragile. Friend Moore? Hello?”
“I can’t keep holding it—”
“Let it go in ten seconds! Get ready!”
Ylawes strode up towards the entrance. He’d raised his shield in front of his face. Dawil took his left side, Yvlon his right. Jelaqua was already waiting. The Selphid turned back to face the others.
“They’re going to come out in one mass. Cover your faces and maybe you won’t get stung too bad. But we have to be bait. Get in there, kill that queen. Got it?”
“I believe we might be in trouble.”
Ksmvr was tugging on Moore’s arm. Falene gasped.
“I can’t—”
“Run!”
Pisces grabbed Falene and lifted her up in both arms with a grunt. The willowy half-Elf yelped and her spell went out. The bees buzzed forwards as Ceria, already running backwards and shouting for the others to follow, fired an [Ice Spike] at the fireball. She watched it melt as the Ashfire Bees blasted forwards—
“[Earthen Spire].”
A quiet voice interrupted the shouting. As Ceria ran past Moore, the half-Giant tapped his staff on the ground. A wall of stone shot up, a huge rocky stalactite four times as thick as Ceria or Pisces’ spells. It shot up like lightning. Ceria, looking back over her shoulders, saw the bees flashing towards the cave’s entrance for only a second before a crash of sound and spray of rocks made the adventurers near the cave flinch back.
Ceria ducked as some rocks blasted out, but they were only fragments. She saw a few bees buzzing around the entrance, heard a dull buzzing from within and then there was silence. She stared at the cave. The entrance was completely closed off, by…stone. Actual stone, not a temporary magical conjuration. The other adventurers looked around. Moore exhaled slowly. His plain walking staff raised and he straightened his shoulders. He regarded his work, then looked around.
“I think most of them avoided that. But the cave’s sealed. I don’t believe Ashfire Bees can dig, and the spire is solid stone. Is everyone alright?”
The adventurers gaped at him. Falene, sweating heavily, kicked in Pisces’ arms. He dropped her. The half-Elf floated before she could land in the muck and righted herself. She walked over to Moore, reached out, and held out a hand. He bent down and offered her an arm. Falene leaned on it. She wiped some sweat from her elegant locks, and then looked at Ceria and Pisces. She pointed at Moore.
“That would be the difference between a Gold-rank [Mage] and you two.”
Ceria stared at Moore and couldn’t find any reason to disagree.
 
—-
 
“Okay group, what did we do wrong?”
