6.16
Page 26
“Really?”
Revi had never really asked about Halrac’s past before. She knew some of the basics, like his time as a [Soldier]. But Halrac hadn’t talked much and their group had been professional, for all they were a good team. He nodded slowly.
“Ever heard of a village called Riverfarm?”
“Nope. That’s your home?”
Halrac shook his head.
“I’m from the village next to it. Windrest. But Riverfarm’s the only one people even remotely hear about. There used to be a Troll living around those parts. Anyways, that’s near enough to Invrisil. Near enough to where Elm’s working too. We might stop by.”
“Home and old friends. Sounds like fun.”
“I know it’s not paying work—”
“I’m not complaining. And believe me, I will when I’ve had enough. Let’s square it with Elm, like you said. But what’s after that, Halrac?”
The [Scout] paused. He looked around, arrow drawn. But he didn’t immediately set out for new quarry. He spoke softly.
“We already have something. I didn’t discuss it with Jelaqua. But she was there. And so were a lot of others. I don’t know about them, but what that Antinium said. Klbkch the Slayer. Do you remember?”
Revi had to think for only a second. Then her eyes widened.
“Christmas party. I thought it was only something that Drake was making up. Or Erin.”
“She doesn’t lie. And have you noticed? Odd things happen around her. Many, many…Typhenous told me he’s noticed something. Which is why I didn’t put an arrow in his belly. One of the reasons. So she’s probably wrong. Wyverns roost in the High Passes. Even fire-breathing variants. But have you ever known a Wyvern to abandon its prey?”
“No, I have not. And Erin’s not exactly fast at running. One of those or a Griffon would get her after twenty feet.”
“Exactly.”
“So…but could it be true?”
Revi looked at Halrac. The [Scout] closed his eyes. Then he opened them and whirled. The rabbit was quick, but the arrow quicker. He walked after it.
“First we settle things up north. Then we investigate rumors of…Dragons. Carefully.”
Revi nodded. She followed Halrac as he retrieved his arrow. And her blood was humming. Debts and guilt. Clues and mysteries. But she felt better now, on the road. It was time to settle the past. And as she heard Halrac walking softly through the forest, she saw his gaze and felt the same feeling.
Griffon Hunt was going back to work.
 
—-
 
“[Flame Spray]! [Lightning Orb]! [Steel Arrows]! [Sticky Webs]! [Jet Spray]—”
The spells crackled from Falene’s staff, as fast as she could chant. The flames and orb of lightning burst across one Gargoyle’s face, forcing the huge creature made of living rock rear back as the spells struck its sensitive eyes. Arrows bounced off another Gargoyle’s face, and webs held another. Falene’s jet of water came just in time; they blasted a group of stone shards one of the Gargoyles hurled at Dawil’s back. The Dwarf roared.
“Don’t bother with the Tier 2 spells, Pointy! Hit them with something big or get lost!”
He swung his hammer and intercepted a Gargoyle’s claw as it swung at his body. The creature screamed as Dawil’s swing crushed the shell of the Gargoyle’s body and orange-red blood spurted out. The Gargoyle recoiled, but another was coming at Dawil, spitting more shards. The Dwarf covered his face with one hand and felt the impacts strike his steel armor.
“Gah! Elder’s balls, that hurts!”
