6.16
Page 17
Then they turned and left. Erin called out to them. She didn’t know what she said. She shouted their names, she shouted goodbyes. She shouted insults and jokes and knew she couldn’t have stopped them.
They walked out the door, the [Mages] going last to charge it with magic. Falene was last to go, which was really a mistake because she marched through without a final backwards glance, having said her goodbyes.
And then they were gone. Erin burst into tears again. Mrsha howled, and there was sadness. But that was how it always was with goodbyes. The best ones hurt the most.
 
—-
 
Nine adventurers appeared in a small road leading north. They walked up, out of a door parked against a stationary wagon. The horses and a few passersby got the fright of their lives, but the adventurers moved in silence. A few stayed on the wagon. One took the reins and steered the horses to the road. The rest walked. In silence, for quite a few minutes. In the end, perhaps predictably, Revi broke the silence.
“That was emotionally exhausting.”
The other adventurers glanced at her. Then they burst out laughing. And the silence, the reverie was broken. They laughed as if they’d heard a fantastic joke. And then they walked or rode on, leaving the inn behind them. Revi grumbled to herself as she sat next to Typhenous.
“Erin is the most involved [Innkeeper] I’ve ever met! I bet’s that’s her class. [Emotional Innkeeper] or something.”
“Yeah, well. We’ll be back. Besides, who starts crying over a single inn?”
Jelaqua shook her head as she walked with Ylawes and Halrac. The other two captains looked at her. The Selphid grinned.
Three teams went north. The Halfseekers. The Silver Swords. Griffon Hunt. Neither Halrac nor Ylawes said it out loud, but it did feel like an ending. Even more than leaving Erin’s inn, this was the last time they might meet in months or years. Perhaps forever. But they didn’t say it. Jelaqua looked from captain to captain, then she put her hands behind her head.
“Damn. It really feels like we’re really not going to see each other for a long time when we walk around together like this, huh? Sort of ominous.”
Halrac chuckled. He couldn’t help it. Ylawes gave him a sideways glance, and then smiled. They walked in silence for a bit, and then Halrac pulled something out of his belt pouches. It was a bit of parchment, worn and folded. He began checking it with a quill as he walked. With the other hand he was investigating the contents of his bag of holding. Jelaqua eyed him.
“What’re you doing, Halrac? Making sure you didn’t leave anything behind? Because I’m sure Erin will flip if you come back so soon.”
The [Scout] gave Jelaqua a long look. She just grinned at him.
“I’m checking our income. We’re finally making money. I’m just doing a tally to make sure I know how much we have. I did a count a few days back, but I feel like I missed something.”
“Oh. We should do that too. Uh—hey, Seborn! How much money do we have?”
The Drowned Man walking with Moore and patting the Half-Giant on the arm gave an eloquent shrug. Jelaqua sighed.
“Moore’s gonna cry about Mrsha for days. You were right, though, Halrac. Imagine waiting a day? Erin would get us in some epic party or have this big thing before we left…you bastard.”
The [Scout]’s lips twitched again at that. What was wrong with him today? He might have taken a sip of Erin’s last gift to him, that was what it. He shook his head as he looked at the wagon.
“We’ll be back. A door in Invrisil means Erin’s inn will have access to both north and south.”
