6.16
Page 19
“So? This dungeon wasn’t as impressive, and perhaps it was a vengeance dungeon. But even so, there wasn’t nearly enough treasure. It’s very strange how little there was. And that inner city—it could be the lion’s share of treasure is in the center. In that hole Calruz found or it was never there to begin with. Either way, Jelaqua is right. It was dangerous. Let the other teams work on it carefully. I feel quitting was the best move.”
Silently, the other two captains nodded. They walked on. After a while, Halrac made a small noise. Jelaqua glanced up.
“Something wrong?”
The [Scout] was checking his list. He glanced up and looked around.
“No, nothing. I think we’re fine. I didn’t realize we had so…”
He trailed off as he glanced at Ylawes. The [Knight] looked stoically ahead. Halrac stowed his list and walked on. Fifteen minutes later, he calmly turned his head and spoke to Jelaqua.
“Is Typhenous still looking at me?”
The Selphid’s head nearly turned, and then she caught herself. She swatted at an imaginary fly and looked right.
“No.”
“Good.”
Ylawes glanced sideways at Halrac. The [Scout]’s face hadn’t changed. But the way he’d asked and said that…
“Is there an issue, Halrac?”
“Yes. The numbers don’t add up in my list. And I saw Typhenous glancing at me while I was doing my calculations.”
Both Jelaqua and Ylawes inhaled sharply, but they never broke their measured stride. Jelaqua cursed under her breath, keeping a smile on her face.
“Damn it all. If it’s not one thing…you want a hand?”
Ylawes looked sick, but before he could offer, Halrac shook his head.
“You’re misunderstanding the situation. Typhenous didn’t steal. The opposite, actually. I’m going to have a word with him.”
He turned and walked back towards the wagon. Jelaqua and Ylawes heard him call out. Typhenous got up and hopped off the wagon. They slowed until they were at a distance. Jelaqua whistled.
“Well, that’ a new one on me. What do you think happened?”
“I shouldn’t speculate.”
“Aw, spoilsport. Well, I’m gonna talk with my team. I heard you were going to go soonest, right? Don’t run off without letting us know!”
Ylawes nodded. Jelaqua jogged around the wagon to Seborn and Moore. The half-Giant had stopped crying, but he was still red-eyed. Jelaqua grabbed both, Seborn by the shoulders, Moore by the small of the back.
“Hey you two! Ready to be independent adventurers living on the road?”
“Yes. And no.”
“We’re still going to Invrisil, aren’t we?”
“Yup, Seborn. But we’re free after that. Unless you have an idea? You were hinting about that before.”
She glanced at the Drowned Man. Seborn was silent for a while.
“I do have things to do.”
“Like what?”
“Secret. It’s personal. I’m not in trouble like Typhenous, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“But you don’t want to say.”
“Nope.”
“Come on, tell me. We’ve been journeying together for ages. Why keep anything from us?”
Jelaqua prodded Seborn. The Drowned Man gave her a reproving look.
“And if I don’t want to tell you? What will you do?”
Jelaqua shrugged.
“Threaten you until you stab me and run off to become the most famous Goblin Chieftain this side of the continent?”
Seborn chuckled. Moore didn’t. He looked distressed.
“That’s truly not funny, Jelaqua.”
“I thought it was.”
“Exactly. And you know I’m not gonna let this drop, Seborn. Lies and secrets tore our group apart once. It’s not happening again.”
The smile Jelaqua gave Seborn was friendly, but she tightened her grip on his arm. He looked at her and hesitated. But he still shook his head. Jelaqua sighed.
