6.16
Page 21
“I’m not dropping it! You’re holding back because of your [Knight] class, but I demand a vote! Dawil! Are you with me or not?”
Falene growled at the Dwarf and Human. She stomped along, her ears twitching violently. It was the most worked up either had seen her. Ylawes blew out his cheeks exasperatedly. But Dawil took a level tone, which was surprising given how often he needled Falene. But his tone was serious.
“Falene. It’s fair. And before you turn on me, let me explain.”
He held up a hand as Falene whirled on him. Dawil waited until she was listening and then pointed at the teams. At Halrac and Typhenous, who’d rejoined Revi on the cart. At the Halfseekers, who’d given up on making Seborn talk.
“Yes, we fought as much as they did. Yes, we didn’t get any coin. But it is fair. It’s their reward for going in first. For being the ones who went in and died. All of them buried teammates here. Ulrien. Ceria’s team. Yvlon’s team. The other Silver-ranks. Even the Halfseekers buried their old companion, traitor though he was. You want a vote, Falene? I say drop it.”
The half-Elf turned to Dawil. He held her gaze and Ylawes, watching them, saw a flash between them. Dwarf and half-Elf. For all they got on each other’s nerves, they shared a bond. That hint of timelessness. That age that sometimes left him feeling like a boy, as when they’d first met. At last, Falene’s shoulders sagged. Dawil smiled. He patted Falene on the arm and looked at Ylawes.
“So. Liscor was a bit of a gauntlet at times. Fun at others. But what do you say, lad? Another adventure?”
Ylawes smiled. He looked at the blue sky ahead of them. And he remembered the death and chaos and…pain that had haunted Liscor. And something, a knot in his chest loosened. Underneath the clear sky and the sun he held out a hand. Dawil placed his palm over it.
“Another adventure. It would be my honor, friends.”
Both looked at Falene. The half-Elf hesitated, but then she nodded regally. She laid her delicate palm over the two of theirs.
“Very well. I suppose someone has to be the adult here.”
Dawil laughed, and Ylawes had to smile. Falene gave them an arch look, but then relented and smiled as well. Ylawes looked around.
“There’s a village that way. I think we’ll pass through it. Make our goodbyes then.”
And so they did. There was no long farewell as there had been with Erin. And no tears either. But all three teams exchanged handshakes, or a gentle hug between Moore and Falene, much to the half-Giant’s surprise.
“You were a stick in the mud. But a good one, and you were a sight during the Face-Eater Moth attack. It was fun adventuring with your team too. Good luck, you guys.”
Jelaqua squeezed Ylawes’ hand as she met his eyes and he looked into her dead ones. Ylawes wanted to tell Jelaqua she was the first Selphid he’d truly met, and that he had more respect for her people after meeting her. But one look told him she knew that.
“An honor, Miss Ivirith.”
She grinned at him and turned to shake Dawil’s hand. Then Ylawes took Halrac’s hand. The [Scout] didn’t smile. But he nodded, one adventurer to another.
“Best of luck, Ylawes. If we meet again, let’s share a drink.”
That was a proper adventuring goodbye. No fancy oaths. Just a promise to drink together if they survived. And it was enough. Coming from Halrac, it meant a lot.
“Don’t be a stranger!”
Jelaqua called out as the Silver Swords stopped in the village the road was leading them past. Falene waved at Moore.
“Farewell.”
