6.16
Page 20
“Fine. You want to play coy? Then it’s time to go back to the old ways. If a member of our team has secrets, we settle it. Moore? You know what to do.”
 
—-
 
Dawil and Falene joined Ylawes as he walked on the other side of the wagon. That left just Revi driving, much to her displeasure. The Dwarf and half-Elf looked quizzically at their leader.
“Something up with Typhenous, lad?”
“Perhaps. But it’s their dispute. Let’s leave them to it.”
Falene nodded to the right.
“I note another dispute on our right.”
Ylawes looked over and nearly tripped. The Halfseekers were busy as well. Moore was holding Seborn by the ankles and shaking him vigorously. Seborn was swearing loudly, cursing as vulgarly as any [Sailor] as he wriggled, but the half-Giant wouldn’t let go. Jelaqua danced around him, laughing.
“Tell us, Seborn! Don’t make me get a feather! You know Erin would give one to me—she’d probably help out! And then you have to deal with Moore’s tears and me bothering you!”
The Silver Swords watched as Seborn swore at Jelaqua in reply. Ylawes shook his head.
“That is one unique team. Brave and honorable, though. In their own way.”
Dawil nodded.
“Aye, it was a pleasure, wasn’t it? And poor Erin. The girl’s lost friends and now we walked out on her.”
“It was inevitable. And this was better than a long ceremony.”
Falene sniffed. Dawil eyed her.
“You still tetchy, Pointy?”
She reached over and slapped him on the back of his helmet. After a second Falene waved her stinging hand. Ylawes sighed.
“If it’s about the gold—”
“What else would I be angry about, Ylawes? I respect both teams. But the fact remains that they earned a small fortune and didn’t elect to share it with our team. Let your sister have her windfall, very well. But what of the other two teams? Is there no honor among adventurers?”
The half-Elf snapped at Ylawes. He blew out his cheeks tiredly.
“Falene, what would you have me do? March up to them and demand a share? That’s not honorable or fair. Or likely. We don’t even know how they got it.”
“The Goblins gave it to them.”
Falene and Ylawes looked down at Dawil. The two Gold-rank adventurers stared as he walked along. Dawil eventually noticed and glanced up.
“What?”
“How do you know that, Dawil? None of the others would give me a straight answer.”
“Nor I.”
“That’s because you asked them. I asked him. Numbtongue.”
“…That worked?”
The [Axe Champion] sighed gustily. He looked up at Ylawes and shook his head.
“Have you not noticed what those Goblins are like, lad? After all this time? Yes, it worked. I bought him two drinks—which really was me giving Erin money since he doesn’t pay for anything in her inn—and apologized for Falene after that mana stone thing. Talked a bit with him about mana stones and how Dwarves use them, you know, for runes? I didn’t even have to press him. I asked and he told me. They knew where the Raskghar’s treasure was hidden. Turns out it was in a separate room from the rest that the Cave Goblins all knew about. So they brought it out.”
“Just like that. And they gave it to the other teams? Not ours? Why?”
“Apparently they thought it was fair. And they don’t like our team. Seems they were the Goblins in Esthelm we met.”
“The Goblins in—”
“Stop gawping. Or did you not recognize them? I recognized that archer. And you were suspicious.”
Ylawes had to admit that was true. He looked at the wagon and shook his head. Part of him wanted to sit down and—but it was far too late for that. He felt a pang in his chest.
“Still. I suppose that explains it. And Falene, if the Goblins gave it to them, that was their choice. So—”
