6.16
Page 1
“Come on, Selys. Everyone knows you’re loaded after inheriting your…I mean, General…you own the Heartflame Breastplate.”
“Yeah.”
For a second both Drake’s faces fell. It was still hard to say it. Zel Shivertail, Selys’ uncle, was dead. And he’d left the armor he’d been wearing to her.
“…Okay, I do have more money. So yeah, I could quit.”
“How much?”
“I can’t say.”
“That much? I heard you paid for a night at the Tailless Thief with Warsh and the others last night.”
“Only because they didn’t have enough on them. And I had money, so…”
Selys rubbed her head as she remembered that night out. She regretted it, too. All she’d woken up with was a sense that she’d spent too much coin. But she couldn’t even tell how much she’d spent; the little trove of gold coins hadn’t noticeably decreased in any quantifiable sense of the word. Maviss gave her a sidelong glance.
“You know what I’d do?”
“What?”
“Quit my job, like you said. Take a trip to the Walled Cities. Spend like a month or two in each one, going to big parties, seeing all the sights…”
“That sounds like work.”
“You’re just saying that because you’ve never travelled, Selys.”
“I’m a Liscorian, born and bred.”
“How would you know? You’ve never been past the Blood Fields! Selys, there’s a door to Pallass in The Wandering Inn! And you know the innkeeper yourself! You could at least take a vacation.”
“Well…that might be nice. Maybe I’ll talk to grandma about it. I could probably get her to agree if I bought her a present. Or offered to pay for her vacation.”
“Now there’s a good use of money. Bribing your grandma.”
Selys laughed. She shook her head. It really was something she had to think about sooner or later. At the very least she had to find a place for all that gold. Or just get a bag of holding…Selys noticed Maviss was busy writing something down now.
“What’re you working on?”
“Oh, just filling out the details of that request the uh, Horns of Hammerad accepted.”
“The Ashfire Bee one? Watch Captain Zevara put that up.”
“Mhm. And they decided to go for it today. Wonder what took them so long.”
Selys shrugged.
“Ashfire Bees are no joke, Maviss.”
“True. Darn. I’ve filled out the form, but…what’s the Ashfire Bee threat ranking? I think I need to add whether this was a natural-based threat for Liscor or a migrating one. Little help?”
“Ashfire Bees are ranked as a Silver-rank threat. Check your monster encyclopedia. Lower left desk.”
Selys pointed. Maviss ducked down and came up with a worn book. She flipped through it quickly.
“Thanks.”
“So did the Horns go to take on the bees alone? That’s dangerous, Maviss.”
“Nah, the…Human, half-Elf, and Dwarf team went with them. The…Silver Swords. And the Halfseekers. They were going to watch, I think. But really? Three teams? Two Gold-rank teams for an Ashfire Bee nest. Couldn’t they just send one [Mage]? They’re a Silver-rank threat, right?”
She looked up. Selys shook her head as she borrowed some of Maviss’ moisturizer.
“That’s deceptive. We rank threats based on how dangerous monsters or animals are. Ashfire Bees are dangerous, but they don’t actually attack many people. One might sting you if you step on it or agitate the bee, but that’s not a threat. But hives? Hives are dangerous. You can prepare, and there are ways for a Silver-rank team to wipe them out—if they prepare right. But if you’re suddenly attacked by a thousand Ashfire Bees?”
She raised her brows. Maviss shuddered.
“Point.”
She dipped her quill in ink and scribbled quietly for a second. Selys leaned over.
