6.16
Page 32
Contrary to popular belief, and in her experience, children weren’t innocent. They could be just as unpleasant as their parents, because they learned quickly by example. She turned her head, feeling sour. Maybe visiting Erin’s inn wouldn’t be so bad. But they’d said goodbye. Maybe retiring wasn’t such a stupid idea. Jelaqua had always thought she’d go back to Baleros if she retired, if the Wasting didn’t claim her. But now she imagined staying in Liscor. If—
The village had become a crowd. A gathering of faces. In their way, the Halfseekers were more popular than the Silver Swords could ever be. Jelaqua wasn’t worried—so long as the crowd didn’t turn into a mob. It could happen. Sometimes it only took a word. But then she saw something. A break in the uniform faces of a single species.
There they were. Perched by a tree, the older one sitting up in the branches, his tail curled around his seat. The other was standing by the tree, her fur ruffled, a farm worker’s trousers on her lower half, but her upper body free of clothing but for a breast band. Furry. Jelaqua nudged Seborn.
“Look. Two kids.”
A Gnoll and a Drake. There was nothing odd about that. Nothing odd, except that they were children, living in a Human town over a hundred miles north of Liscor. They stood together, of the village but apart, not with the other children though they were of age. Just a Gnoll and a Drake, perhaps thirteen and eleven. Seborn saw, and nudged Moore. The half-Giant was less covert, but all three Halfseekers slowed their pace and stared at the two watchers.
“Fellow travellers? It’s rare, but [Merchants] do go north sometimes. Through the Blood Fields in the spring, though…”
“No way. Look at them. See how they’re dressed? They’re not travellers. Some Human must have adopted them.”
Yes. That was it. Jelaqua wasn’t much of a reader, much less a [Reader], but she could read the two like a book.
Look. See how they stand alone. How the Drake has a discolored patch of scales. A bruise from fighting? And look at the other children who stop to gawk at the Gold-rank team and point. Humans. Think on it.
“War orphans, perhaps.”
“Maybe. From one of the annual wars? Or one of those skirmishes? Maybe orphans from the Second Antinium War? The Drakes did send some forces north.”
“Could be any of those things. Maybe slavers? They’re outlawed in many Drake cities, but they still come through.”
Moore shook his head. He looked at the children, sadly.
“There’s a story there.”
“There’s always a story. Keep walking, Moore.”
He did. But he, Jelaqua, and Seborn all felt it. A sense of…
Kinship. And they felt the eyes of the two on them. The two children stood together, outcasts. Even if they were loved. They were different. By fang and scale, by fur and tail. It wasn’t something the three Halfseekers needed to speak aloud. It was, after all, a common story. You could see it everywhere you went, no matter how old you grew, no matter which continent you visited. There were always those who were different.
That was their difference. Griffon Hunt, who left quietly were adventurers to their core. They traded in favors and gold and they had their pride, but they weren’t like the Silver Swords. That group rushed from danger to danger, fighting for causes, without pay, without pause. They were champions, an old sort of adventurer the world still needed. But the Halfseekers? They were different.
“Hey, Moore. You know [Earthen Spire] now, right? Did you learn any other spells? Any fancy ones?”
“A few. But I’ll use a small spell if you don’t mind.”
“Fair enough. What about you, Seborn?”
