6.16
Page 0

“You know, I could quit. Right now. I could quit my job, walk into grandmother’s office and tell her to go eat her tail and walk out. Just like that. I could quit and do something else for the rest of my life.”
Selys Shivertail looked around the Adventurer’s Guild. She glanced sideways at her coworker. Maviss, a Drake with pink and red scales, paused as she applied a little scale moisturizer to the scales around her eyes. She had a little makeup kit with her, with everything from paints to touch up off-color scales, to moisturizing products and powders.
Sometimes Selys envied Humans, with their hair and innumerable ways to color lips and change eyelashes and other bodily features. Then again, Drakes could paint their scales. But Selys had given up the makeup game. Now, looking at her friend, she was tempted to get back into it. It was usually expensive. But…
“You could do that, Selys. But I think Guildmistress Tekshia would rip off your head. Or run you through with one of her spears first. I don’t think anyone’s ever quit to her face. Most just hand in a letter. She’s fired people before to their faces of course…think you’d survive because you’re her granddaughter?”
“No. She’s probably kick my tail out and refuse to let me quit. But I could. Not that I’m gonna.”
Selys slumped on the counter, playing out the conversation in her head. She winced as the path took a predictable turn. Her grandmother, the infamous Tekshia, was very hard to argue with because if she started losing, she resorted to violence. And it had to be said she was still stronger than Selys in her old age, which didn’t seem fair.
“I’m just saying, Maviss. I could quit.”
“But what would we do without you? You’re the only person who knows everything around here. Besides your grandmother of course. And if you think I’m going to work with her at the front desk—”
Maviss gestured around the Adventurer’s Guild. Selys looked around from her desk. It wasn’t too busy at the guild, hence their idle chatter. Sometimes there was a huge line at the receptionists’ desks, which were placed around a central beam in the middle of the room.
Other times it was peaceful, like now. The few adventurers in the back of the room, sitting at the tables and chatting were taking a break from their jobs. The rest were out, either doing nearby requests around Liscor or exploring the dungeon. But carefully. The huge drama of the Raskghar attacks, the dungeon exploration and so on was over. It was peaceful. And Selys was a bit bored.
“What would you even do with all your free time, Selys?”
“I don’t know. Go shopping. Party more often? Hang out with Erin and Mrsha?”
“Ooh. That little cutie? I haven’t seen her around.”
“Lyonette’s protective. But I could do that. Maybe visit Pallass? But I wouldn’t be working, you know? I wouldn’t have to deal with stinking adventurers or clean up blood or work late hours…”
“But you’ve done that all your life. You told me just last week you like bossing adventurers around and working here.”
“I said that?”
“Yup.”
Maviss delicately applied some scented oil to her scales. Selys leaned back and nearly fell over; her stool had no back. She caught herself on the desk and sighed. It was true. She really didn’t mind her job usually. Her coworker shot her a glance.
“Why are you saying this now? Because of all the money you have?”
“What? Who told you how much money I have? I mean, er, well, it’s just that I could.”
Selys scratched at her neck. Her tail curled up before she caught herself. Maviss rolled her eyes and her tailed waved back and forth a tad irritably.
