6.16
Page 25
The woman looked visibly relieved to hear that. One of the children, the boy, poked his head around her to stare at the adventurers. Revi waved and he disappeared. The little girl peeked out around the other side. She couldn’t be more than six.
“Can we help you?”
“I—I’m afraid we couldn’t afford it. I was hoping you were a [Hunter], sir. You see, my husband was struck by a Corusdeer. He’s healing, but his bones have yet to mend even with the potions. The [Healer] says he’ll be at least a week more in bed before he can walk, and we live off of hunting. Our winter stocks are nearly over and if we could just get a buck or some birds…”
She looked helplessly at Halrac. The [Scout] glanced back at Revi. She was avoiding looking at the children as she muttered.
“We’re adventurers.”
She expected Typhenous to cut in, or Halrac, but the old man was subdued. And to her shock, Halrac nodded.
“We’re adventurers. Our fees aren’t cheap, Miss. If you want hunting, it will be expensive.”
The woman sagged. She opened her mouth and Revi nearly popped her jaw, about to curse Halrac out. She thought he was the one who—but Halrac was quicker. He drew an arrow from the quiver and looked up. Before either Revi or the woman could blink, he notched the arrow and shot nearly straight up.
The children dove behind their mother. She looked up. And screamed as a hawk fell out of the skies, an arrow buried in its breast. Halrac calmly watched as it fell. The bird didn’t strike the ground, though. It stopped close to the ground. Revi looked over and saw Typhenous had pointed his staff at it. Halrac walked over. He grabbed the bird as it levitated up and walked over to the woman. He yanked the arrow out and showed it to her.
“These are expensive. Steel. I buy only the best. So here’s my price. Four copper coins per arrow if one breaks or fractures. I’ll hunt for two hours. Deal?”
The woman looked down at him. She looked at the hawk. Her eyes welled up with tears.
“Oh, thank you—”
Halrac backed up as she tried to thank him. He gave the two kids a piercing glance as the mother wept and Revi saw the flicker of embarrassment, swiftly hidden. She covered a smile herself. When Halrac had brusquely walked off back towards the forest they’d passed, Revi walked after him.
Typhenous had stayed to check on the house and the injured husband and because his legs were hurting. Halrac walked along, quietly, eyes scanning the distance for anything larger than a squirrel. And when he saw it, he drew an arrow back and loosed it. Revi hummed until he turned to glare at her.
“What?”
“Softie.”
Halrac glared, but Revi just smiled. He turned his back on her and aimed and shot.
“What’d you hit?”
“Digger Badger. Good eating, but they smell.”
“I don’t suppose you told that woman you have [Reinforced Arrows], did you?”
The [Scout]’s shoulders tensed as if he might snap at Revi. But he just walked towards the indeed smelly badger and retrieved his arrow, checking it for cracks.
“Hunter and trapper families live hand-to-mouth. It’s hard after winter. The husband must have been desperate if he was hunting Corusdeer. They’re dangerous. If he pushes it or if the family has another accident—you need coin and food.”
“Or levels.”
“He might be young. She’s not old. Besides, high-levels are hard to get.”
“I’m not arguing. And I’m not telling you we should hurry up, see? But you seem to know a lot about this. Were your parents…?”
Halrac paused. He slung the badger up and Revi saw him feed it into his bag of holding, head-first.
“No. But I knew enough families who were like that. I grew up close to here.”
