6.16
Page 9
“We nearly got into a lot of trouble. Those damn bees…if it hadn’t been for Moore, we might have been cooked.”
“Really?”
Erin sat down and listened to the story with wide eyes. Falene sighed as she accepted a cup of cold water from Ishkr.
“I would have used lightning spells. That seems to be the most effective weapon against Ashfire Bees. We simply underestimated how resistant they were to ice magic as well as fire.”
“Well, it’s sealed off now. And that was our only job, so we might head into Celum and see what they have for work. Liscor’s a bit crowded.”
Ceria cracked her fingers and sighed. Erin looked from her to the other Horns.
“Oh. You’re going back to work?”
“We’re ready for it. And Celum won’t have difficult jobs unless something out of the ordinary happens, Erin.”
Yvlon smiled, rubbing at one of her arms. Erin saw Ylawes glancing at them and wondered if they were bothering Yvlon. She claimed she couldn’t feel pain, but—actually she hadn’t spoken about her arms of late, even to complain.
“What about you guys?”
Erin turned to the Silver Swords and the Halfseekers. Jelaqua shrugged.
“We just had breakfast, so I’m not in the mood for any food. Maybe a drink? What did we do yesterday? Just gambled, I guess. We could go for a walk, right, Moore? Where’s Seborn?”
“Here.”
Seborn spoke to Jelaqua’s left. She nearly jumped out of the table. So did Ceria—she hadn’t seen Seborn until he’d spoken.
“Dead gods, Seborn, don’t do that!”
“I’ve been drinking and watching the [Actors]. A walk or some dice would suit me, believe me.”
“I’ve got some Go boards and chess boards. The Antinium haven’t come by of late, so no one’s using them…I’d stay if anyone wanted to play.”
Erin smiled eagerly. Seborn looked up at her, and then at Jelaqua.
“If you want to lose to Erin, be my guest. But I think I’ll walk.”
“Beat you black and blue, did she? I’ll walk. Ylawes?”
“Falene might play you, Erin. But I’m no player of er, those sorts of games. I might talk with Griffon Hunt. They were telling me about fighting Griffins, which I’ve never done. Where are they at the moment? Through the doorway?”
Ylawes looked at the door. Erin nodded and went over to it to adjust the dial.
“Yup. They went through this morning and they’re still there. You wanna go through?”
“Please.”
“Alright. Octavia’s in Celum, and the door—”
Erin adjusted the dial with the mana stones and smiled.
“Here we go. This is so convenient. Why didn’t I…? Okay. Hey, Halrac! Are you—huh?”
Erin pulled the door open. But a curious thing happened: the door didn’t reveal Griffon Hunt and their surroundings. It stayed empty, which meant Erin was just staring at the wall of her inn. She closed the door and frowned at it.
“Weird. I haven’t been to Pallass today and no one else—hold on a sec.”
She opened the door and closed it a few more times, but all it revealed was the dark wood wall. Erin blinked.
“Huh? Uh…Moore? Ceria? Pisces? Falene? I might need a bit of help here.”
 
—-
 
A doorway and over a hundred miles away, perhaps even further, a team of adventurers walked down one of the main roads between cities. It was heading north, and currently passing up a slight incline, a gradient of a very long and short hill. There were three of them. There should have been four. Four had come south, but now only three remained. Two were sitting on a wagon pulled by a pair of horses, the last was walking. Halrac was talking to Revi and Typhenous though, so he stayed close, eyes scanning the traffic coming down the hill and head turning in every direction as he talked.
“So the news is accurate?”
