6.16
Page 28
Her eye twitched, but she let it slide. Dawil was feeling a bit frantic himself after that engagement, so he took a steadying breath. As he surveyed the three downed Gargoyles, Falene indicated his axe. She knew he had it of course, but this was one of the first times he’d used it in combat.
“You never used that Skill. Not once in all the time we were fighting in the dungeon or battling the moths.”
She looked pointedly at the downed Gargoyle. Dawil shrugged.
“It’s my final resort, Pointy. I would have lost it in the dungeon or against so many moths. If they’d truly cornered us, maybe. But only then. Besides, I can’t lose this axe. It was a gift. And there’s no replacement for it.”
“It looks…impressive. May I see it?”
“No.”
“But—”
“You’ll cut your fingers off. Believe me.”
“Is it enchanted, Dawil?”
Ylawes had come back with one of the horses rein’s in his hand. Dawil shook his head. He showed them the axe, letting them note the delicate metalwork with pride, but he didn’t let them touch it. He meant what he said about the edge.
“Just metal, Ylawes. Falene. Just metal. But forged by a master.”
“By who? Someone like that Dwarf, Pelt? The one Erin mentioned to you?”
Dawil snorted.
“Hah. He’s not fit to polish the hammers of the smith that made this. And I’m not losing this, no matter what. I just wish I didn’t have this damn [Axe Champion] class. Why couldn’t it have been a hammer throwing competition?”
He sighed and indicated the warhammer that was his weapon of choice. Ylawes nodded.
“I always thought it was odd. Still, you saved Falene with that. Thank you.”
“Just lucky I was here. Dead gods, but that’s twice now we’ve come close to death today. Ashfire Bees and Gargoyles. We can’t underestimate our enemies so much.”
Falene and Ylawes nodded. The half-Elf eyed one of the dead Gargoyles with distaste.
“True. However, it proves a point again. The Horns could not have taken on the Gargoyles if ambushed. Perhaps if they prepared…but six is a considerable threat.”
Dawil nodded. He imagined a new Gold-rank team might well have lost some people—or been wiped out depending on their composition. He grunted as he imagined how the Horns would have fared.
“They’re young. The Horns. But they can grow into their abilities. That Pisces brat is already fairly good. And if your sister gets some powerful Skills, Ylawes…remember what it was like, being on the cusp of Gold-rank?”
Ylawes nodded.
“Is that why you were talking with Ceria and Pisces, Falene? You think they can make the transition?”
The half-Elf sighed.
“If they were properly Wistram trained—”
It was actually Ylawes who sighed.
“Oh, dead gods, Falene. Don’t go on about it again. Yes, they’re not fully-certified. So what? What did they do that was so heinous? Pisces is a [Necromancer], but he’s not nearly as…foul as the two I’ve met.”
Falene shook her head.
“I never asked. I can be discrete, Ylawes. I just thought it was a shame. If they had completed their training, they would already be Gold-rank. If they both left in their third-year, they must have been very gifted. But I don’t know why. My…contacts in Wistram refused to say unless I did them some favors, including naming exactly where Pisces was at this moment.”
Ylawes and Dawil looked up. They were busy cutting off the heads of the Gargoyles to turn in. Dawil grunted.
“So what do you know?”
