6.16
Page 33
“I can juggle. Good enough?”
“Maybe not. Village is nervous. Bared blades or even sheathed ones might spook them. Let Moore do his thing.”
The half-Giant nodded. He stopped walking for a second, and then, gently, tapped the ground. He spoke no spell. But suddenly, where his staff had touched the dirt path, a flower bloomed.
There was a gasp from the villagers. Drawing back for a second. But the flower was simply beautiful. It was light blue, vibrant. It was also magical, transitory. It bloomed upwards for a second, and then began to wilt almost at once. But as Moore began to walk again, another flower bloomed, and another. A trail followed his staff and the people watched as the half-Giant continued onwards.
So did the children. It was just a tiny bit of magic. Just a spark. But it was enough. It put a name to them. It gave their words credence.
Halfseekers. And as Jelaqua, Seborn, and Moore passed by the tree, passed by the two children whose stories they didn’t know, they moved. Jelaqua was first. She thrust her hand high in the air, making a fist. Seborn did the same. Moore lifted his hand into the air while his other held the staff.
They did not stop. They did not pause to fight or ask what story the two children had. They had no time, and perhaps, no power.
They were just adventurers.
But the little Drake and Gnoll stared at them as they passed. And they looked up, at a half-Giant whose staff left a trail of swiftly blooming and wilting flowers in his wake. A grinning Selphid, who twirled her flail. At a Drowned Man, who walked with shadows even under the setting sun. And they saw the three adventurers looking back at them.
The other townsfolk stared, perplexed by the three Gold-rank adventurers’ raised hands. It was almost a silly sight. But that was because it was not for them. But the children saw. They saw the three pairs of eyes looking back at them. And their hearts lifted. Without having to say it, they understood what the Halfseekers wanted to say.
We see you. We know your story. We see you.
“Lads!”
At the edge of the village Jelaqua stopped. She bellowed up at Seborn, riding the wagon, at Moore, his staff training flowers. The villagers jumped. The sound cut through the air and almost silent gathering. It was loud, as loud as Jelaqua could shout. She raised her flail over her head and screamed.
“Who are we? What’s our name? What’s our purpose?”
“Halfseekers!”
Moore and Seborn both shouted the word. It was a small sound in the skies. But they shouted it a second time. Jelaqua shouted it with them. And then they kept walking. And Jelaqua knew two pairs of eyes were fixed on their backs, even as they walked into the night.
“That’s why I keep going.”
Neither Moore nor Seborn replied. But they were both smiling slightly. And Jelaqua did remember. Liscor was wonderful. But it wasn’t where the Halfseeker’s true purpose lay.
It was in villages like this. Towns. Cities. Anywhere you wanted. That was where they were.
Outcasts. That fact wouldn’t change, no matter what you did. You could try, you could fight it, you could earn respect or be chased away. But it wouldn’t change who you were and who they were. And a child, a lonely soul could do little but exist with that knowledge in their chests.
But there they were. Adventurers. Names you heard stories about. Jelaqua Ivirith. Seborn Sailwinds. Moore of Raithland.
