6.16
Page 8
The Wandering Inn was not a busy place anymore. It had been. Somehow, the inn, which had been rebuilt and operated only for a handful of months, had gone through a golden age, a dark age, and a Goblin age, not to mention the good old…ages, when a skeleton had been waiting the tables and Erin’s signature drink of choice was blue and slightly poisonous.
Well, those days were gone. All of them. And the days of Erin’s full inn with audiences watching the Players of Celum on stage were gone. As were the Goblins. Now all that remained were adventurers and a handful of Drakes, Gnolls, and Humans from Liscor and Celum who trickled in and out, sometimes only to order a hamburger, pizza, cake, or another one of the unique foods Erin had pioneered.
The good days might come again. Already there were [Actors] on the stage at the end of the room. A group of Drakes and Gnolls were lined up and reading lines from Hamlet. Ceria didn’t give it a second look. She did focus on the young woman talking to a dark-skinned Stitch-Girl, though.
“Erin! I know you’re going to Pallass, but can I bother you for a second? I have this little problem and I could use some help!”
“I’m on vacation!”
Erin was trying to get to the magical door that Ceria and the other adventurers had just come through. She was having trouble because Octavia was clinging to her waist. The [Alchemist] was speaking quickly, and pointing at the adventurers.
“Look, I don’t want to bother you, but I talked with Krshia and uh, she’s busy so I was hoping you could get some of your adventurer friends to lend me a hand! There’s a tiny issue I have with my shop. Some—some guards would be great!”
She caught sight of the teams at the same time as Erin. Octavia brightened up and spoke even faster.
“And look, we have three, no, four famous teams right here! If I had them—no, just one adventurer standing guard in my shop, or—or helping me sort this business out, that would be great. Fantastic! And I’m sure we could work out a deal? For some free—I mean, a discount? A…sizable discount?”
“Hey Erin. We’re back. Bees aren’t a problem anymore.”
Ceria waved at Erin and took a seat at one of the tables, not even commenting on the Octavia situation. The other adventurers looked equally unfazed. Erin pried Octavia off her.
“No, Octavia. If you’re having trouble, deal with it yourself. I’m on vacation. Or ask one of the teams, but I don’t think they’re gonna say yes.”
“But—oh, Ceria! Jelaqua! Uh…my best [Knight] customer! Can I—”
“No.”
“Nope.”
“I’m afraid I must decline.”
Ceria, Jelaqua, and Ylawes instantly replied. They might not know Octavia, but one look was all they needed. Like Erin, Ceria had the feeling Octavia had some scheme in mind—or she’d gotten herself into trouble. She didn’t want to be part of either scenario. She was slightly surprised Erin wasn’t interested, but the girl had a slightly wary look on her face as she shooed Octavia back towards the door. She was tired of the drama too, Ceria supposed.
“Out! No, no buts. If it’s life or death, you can ask for help. But it’s not. Is it?”
“Well maybe—”
“Shoo.”
Erin closed the door in Octavia’s face after pushing her out. The [Alchemist] didn’t want to go, but she didn’t have a choice. Erin was pushing with more than just her hands. The door closed, Erin turned back to the others and gave them a smile.
“So? How was it? Did you freeze them all up? Or did Pisces’ Bone Horror smash them? I asked you to bring back as many as you could, didn’t I? Wait—did he use zombies? In that case, no bees makes more sense.”
Ceria shook her head, smiling ruefully.
