6.16
Page 10
Typhenous, the old man sitting comfortably in the wagon on a cushion, looked mildly offended.
“You know me, Halrac. I have a network of sources which are very reliable. And I wouldn’t give Revi uncertain information.”
“Hm. It’s worth the coin, Revi?”
“I think so. Didn’t you hear what I just said? I just read the King of Destruction’s second proclamation before I heard about war being declared on Tiqr! That’s huge!”
Revi was sitting as well, and scowling down at Halrac. The Stitch-Woman pulled at the threads on her hand irritably. The hand came off and turned to cloth; Revi fished out a needle and began to resew it back onto her arm in a way more to her liking. Typhenous coughed as he watched the process with mild fascination.
“Explain it to me again, dear Revi. These er, nations historically had their issues with Tiqr. And yes, Tiqr was potentially an ally of the King of Destruction. But what’s stopping him from declaring war on all the nations involved?”
“Nerrhavia? Illivere? Savere? Are you serious, Typhenous? Those are all heavy hitters and even if Reim goes up against them, Nerrhavia might actually win, King of Destruction or not! Moreover, they’re allied, you see? If it was Nerrhavia vs Flos, they’d be watching their backs because the other nations might take them apart. But this way they could oppose Flos if he declared war. Which he can’t, because Tiqr’s not part of his domain.”
“I see, I see. And if they declared for him?”
Typhenous stroked his long beard rapidly as he thought out loud. Revi shrugged.
“What’s he going to do? He’ll be at war and the other nations could tear Tiqr apart before you could get an army there, even with movement Skills. It’s too far and any force would be taken out. Nerrhavia’s got chariots and a massive army; they can intercept anything Flos might do. Sure, there’s Takhatres, but word is he’s across the desert. So…”
Halrac sighed. He glanced up at a passing bird overhead and stepped sideways as a rider came down the road. The rains had fallen this morning and Halrac might have been splashed if he’d stayed in the same spot. The rider passed by and Halrac returned to his spot. He spoke up to Revi as she flexed her reattached hand.
“Chandrarian politics. Until it affects Izril, I don’t care. The King of Destruction never made it past Zeres, anyways.”
The [Summoner] poked her head over the side of the wagon to show Halrac one of her fingers, proving her hands were in good working condition.
“Don’t underestimate him! I keep telling you, if he’d gone solely against Izril rather than splitting his forces between Baleros and Izril—”
“Yes, yes, Revi. I quite agree. His [Mage], Amerys, was able to lock down a Walled City practically by herself. But continental pride just goes so far. Besides, isn’t your home nation at odds with Flos?”
Typhenous soothed Revi. She huffed back into her seat.
“I’m just saying, Chandrar deserves respect. At least we got that when Flos was rampaging all over. These days all I hear are sand jokes. Anyways, my home nation is part of the Empire of Sands now. I have no idea what’s happened back home and honestly? I’m not going to find out. At least not until—”
There was a door lying in the bed of the wagon. It had a gem embedded in the top and it had been lying without any complaint until now. Suddenly it opened and Revi jumped as another room appeared on the floor of the wagon.
“Aha! It worked! Hey, guys! Wanna snack?”
