6.16
Page 7
“Stroke of fortune we were all here. We’ve gotten complacent after the dungeon. But we learned our lesson, eh? Speaking of which, Jelaqua.”
“Hm? What’s that, Dawil?”
“You said Selphid’s tits. That a common Balerosian expression?”
“Eh, pretty much. Why?”
“Well, I was wondering. Do Selphids have—”
Ylawes coughed. He nudged Dawil hard, his face red.
“Dawil. That’s not polite conversation.”
Jelaqua grinned.
“Hey, I don’t mind. And I could tell you the answer, but I could also show you. Anyone? Uh…anyone?”
The other adventurers laughed. Ceria shook off the moment of robes-soiling fear and filed the moment of trauma away for later reflection. She walked back into Liscor, listening to a convoluted description of Selphid anatomy until they got to the Adventurer’s Guild.
“Hey, Selys! We’re back!”
Jelaqua sang out as the pushed the door open. Selys was sitting at the desk, chatting with another Drake [Receptionist]. She looked up.
“Oh? You killed the Ashfire Bees, then?”
Jelaqua looked back at Ceria. The half-Elf sighed. She’d been the one to take the contract, so she had to explain.
“Sealed. Not destroyed. Uh, we’re giving credit to the Halfseekers. You see…”
She gave Selys a truncated explanation of what had happened, with Jelaqua throwing in little asides. Selys blinked, but she nodded at the end of Ceria’s story.
“Sounds like you handled it. And sealed works as well as destroyed. The nest will starve itself out. I’ll see about putting out a warning for no one to try and unseal the cave—not that I’d know why. Some paint will do that. Let me just write that down…and your reward. To the Halfseekers, I guess.”
“Aw, we don’t need—”
“You sealed it, it’s yours.”
Ceria indicated Jelaqua should take the gold and silver coins. The Selphid demurred for another second, but then scooped up the coins.
“I guess we won’t argue over it. I sign for completion, right Selys?”
“That’s right. Normally we can’t give you the money until we confirm the cave’s sealed, but a Gold-rank team is trusted. And…yes, that’s all. Thanks!”
“Ah, perks of the job. Well, shall we head back to the inn?”
Jelaqua grinned at the others. Ceria nodded. She looked around.
“Are the other teams in the dungeon?”
“The…Wings of Pallass are in. So are the Flamewardens. I haven’t seen Gemhammer and the Pride of Kelia is hunting some Shield Spiders.”
“Got it. Well, we’ll head back to the inn. Everyone else coming? First round’s on me.”
Still a bit shamefaced, Ceria waved at the others. Jelaqua laughed.
“You mean, on us! Why not? We should relieve Griffon Hunt. They’re dragging that door along. Selys, will you join us?”
She looked at the Drake. Selys sighed.
“I’d love to. But I’m still working. Tell Erin I might stop by tonight.”
“If we see her. She’s usually at Pallass. She likes it there. Says it’s exciting.”
“She does?”
Selys rolled her eyes. The Drake sitting next to her jabbed her with a claw.
“Told you. You should go with sometimes, Selys! With your…four thousand gold pieces?”
“Maviss!”
Ceria left the guild as the two [Receptionists] began bickering again. She walked towards the door to The Wandering Inn, talking with the other adventurers, arguing with Falene over which spells she had to learn, cheering up Pisces over his lost bones and destroyed Bone Horror, and checking the sun high in the sky and wondering if it was too early to drink. It felt like another day of peace after the travails of the past.
And like all things, it couldn’t last.
 
—-
 
