6.16
Page 13
She couldn’t quite meet Erin’s eyes either. The [Innkeeper] looked around again. The Horns were staring at the other teams in surprise. But it was mild. In her heart, Ceria couldn’t be that shocked by the sudden decision. The Halfseekers, Griffon Hunt, the Silver Swords…they were adventurers. Come to that, it was strange for Ceria to have stayed so long in Liscor. She didn’t stand up, though. She couldn’t do that to Erin.
The young woman was laughing a bit. But it faded away as she looked around.
“You’re serious. But why not go tomorrow?”
“Better today. We’ll get our things.”
“Oh. Okay. Um…but…”
Erin blinked as Halrac reached out. He changed the mana stone on the door and walked through to Liscor. She stared at the Silver Swords as they went through.
“But—”
“Let’s get our stuff. We’re not gonna run off, but we have uh, stuff to pack. Lots of little shiny rolling things. Boys?”
Jelaqua headed up the stairs. Erin looked up as Moore got up. He gently put Mrsha on the floor and walked up the stairs. She faintly heard his voice and Jelaqua’s as Mrsha ran up after him.
“Does it have to be so soon, Jelaqua?”
“Hey. Do I look like I’m smiling? It’s just that if they’re going—you want to say goodbye later? It’s already hard…”
Someone opened a door and the voices vanished. Erin looked around. The Horns were sitting in place. Lyonette and Ishkr blinked at her. And Erin panicked.
“Hold on. Hold on, cake! Ishkr, do we have any cake? Anything?”
She ran into the kitchen. Lyonette followed her in as Erin tore it apart, looking for cake or the ingredients for it. But she didn’t have anything festive. She still couldn’t keep ice cream without it melting.
And—it felt like a moment before both teams were back. After all, they just had to pay and put everything they needed into a bag of holding. It took them minutes. The door opened and Griffon Hunt and the Silver Swords walked back in. Jelaqua, Moore, and Seborn were already sitting in the common room.
“Okay, there’s no cake or ice cream. But if you just hold on, I can make one. Give me an hour and I can whip something up! Or I can get Lasica and Rufelt to help me—”
Erin came back out of the kitchen and looked from face to face. It was Jelaqua who cut her off gently. The Selphid gripped Erin’s shoulder with a pale hand and smiled at her.
“It’s fine, Erin. You’ve done so much already. We don’t need a party. Honestly, I’d feel bad if you gave us one. We normally don’t stay so long in one place.”
“But this is so sudden! This is a snap decision! You shouldn’t make those! And you’re springing it on me without giving me a day to process it! Can’t you wait an hour? Can’t you—”
The [Innkeeper]’s voice faltered and broke. She looked around.
“Do you have to go so quick?”
The inn fell silent. The [Actors] on stage realized there was a real drama going on behind them and turned. The other patrons turned to stare. Perhaps this was why they’d come to begin with. To see a moment. But this was no [Immortal Moment]. And it was going far too fast.
“Just wait a day? Please? We can have a party.”
Erin implored Jelaqua. The Selphid did hesitate. And she did smile. But she shook her head.
“I think we’ve been doing that. Wait an hour and it becomes a day. Wait one day and it becomes a week. We got treasure from the dungeon, Erin. We did it. But we’re tired. I’m not going back in that dungeon. So…it’s time to go.”
She looked around. Ylawes nodded. Halrac finally looked up. He met Erin’s eye.
“It is. And it’s easier this way. Which is why we’re going. It’s time to say our goodbyes.”
