6.17 S
Page 25
“That…may be a problem. Liscor is not unlimited in its wealth.”
The Watch Captain nodded.
“I know. But I need that budget. And I understand the Adventurer’s Guild needs more money as well. And your proposals to expand Liscor would solve a lot of domestic issues. If the problem is money…”
Both her eyes and Krshia’s darted sideways to Selys. The Drake [Heiress] held up her claws.
“Hey, I have money, but not enough money to pay for an entire city. We’d need someone with a lot of gold. Like, a lot. Or find a new way to get the city enough money.”
Krshia’s ears drooped slightly. Zevara sighed. Then, suddenly, she opened her eyes again. She spoke very slowly.
“I…do know someone who has a lot of gold to spare. But you and I would need to talk with him.”
She looked at Krshia. The Gnoll frowned, and then raised her eyebrows. Her expression cleared and she almost smiled.
“Ah. I think I know who you mean. That ties in nicely with my plans.”
“Doesn’t it?”
Selys looked from face to face. The two older adults were giving each other that self-satisfied knowing look. Selys cleared her throat.
“Who do you mean?”
“Klbkch.”
“Klbkch?”
Zevara reached into the cabinet behind her and rifled through the files. She extracted a piece of paper and stared at it, hiding it from Krshia and Selys’ view.
“His Hive, I mean. Yes…they could do a lot. I think.”
“Would he agree?”
Zevara looked up. She bit her lip.
“I can only ask. But before I do that…this is a risk, still. The army won’t like the idea of any kind of election. They might try to interfere. And the Council could well try to replace me if we can’t force an election. This is a risk. I might need to think on it. Give me a day or two, please.”
She looked up at Krshia. The Gnoll nodded, but Selys spotted her place to come in. Because she was on fire now. She’d found a use for both her money and what influence she had. She raised a claw. Both Krshia and Zevara looked at Selys. The [Receptionist] felt silly and lowered her claw. Then she pointed at Krshia before turning to Zevara.
“I don’t think we should wait. The Council usually replaces itself during the spring. Well, the election could take a while so let’s do this now. Krshia, I’m on board with you. I’ll give you four hundred gold coins to jumpstart your campaign. And if Zevara agrees to help…I’ll let her borrow the Heartflame Breastplate for two weeks.”
Krshia’s eyes went round. Zevara’s eyes went even rounder. She half-rose from her chair, then sat down. Selys eyed her with satisfaction. The Watch Captain opened her mouth, caught herself, then coughed.
“Four weeks.”
“Three?”
Zevara nodded tightly. Selys smiled.
“Deal!”
She saw Zevara nod, but she had the distinct impression Zevara had just made a triumphant fist under the table. Krshia looked from face to face, grinning with pleasure. Zevara coughed a few times and cleared her throat. Then she rifled her papers unnecessarily.
“I’ll schedule an appointment. Klbkch’s off-duty for the next two days, but he might be able to fit in a meeting in his other capacity. I just need to wait for him to leave his Hive. As for other people to talk to, Olesm would be one. And perhaps…Erin Solstice. Unless, dead gods, this is her idea, isn’t it?”
She paled suddenly. Krshia and Selys both grinned.
“No. For once it’s ours. But Erin Solstice might help.”
“Or hinder. Still—damn, it’s a shame Wall Lord Ilvriss isn’t here. Because you could send her into the City Hall. We still could as a last resort. Although the Council might have my tail if I let her loose on them.”
