6.17 S
Page 16
The old Drake looked annoyed. She chewed her cookie furiously and sipped more tea.
“No, not ‘just like that’. It took a long time to make my decision. Years. But I did it in the end. I retired from Gold-rank adventuring. And I was rich. I didn’t feel like it at the time. Adventuring is like a tunnel. No, wait, a staircase. Tunnels are idiotic. You keep chasing higher and higher, saving up for the next artifact, saying ‘if only I had real armor, not this steel crap’, or, ‘if only my spear were tipped with adamantine, not just enchanted’. And then when you quit, you realize how much gold you spent on just a potion.”
“How rich were you?”
“Richer than you are right now. By quite a lot, young lady. And I spent the money I had, too. I spent a lot of it on parties. Drinks, food, a fancy house, travelling…what adventurers normally do. Some of my old friends got into trouble. I helped them out. Some of the less-successful adventurers could use some gold. I had gold for years, even when I was pregnant. Even when your father was growing up and married your mother. Even when you were born. I wasn’t as rich, then, but I had investments. I was still one of Liscor’s wealthier citizens come the Second Antinium War. And then I…er…donated the rest to Liscor’s army.”
“You did what?”
Tekshia looked defensive. And uncomfortable.
“It was a different time! After the First Antinium War, when we held the walls and we could count the number of officers that survived? I had [Majors] and [Colonels] knocking on my door, very nice young Drakes and Gnolls. Always in need of gold. Always so thankful, as were the high command. And between all of it, the donations to the city, the rest, I suppose it ran out. That was an unpleasant day. I had to sell a lot of my gear to pay off the debts by the time I broke even.”
She watched as Selys put her face on the table. Tekshia was blushing, but she cleared her throat and Selys looked up.
“Don’t misunderstand me, Selys. I’m not poor. I had my job as Guildmistress and that earned me money. I could live and I still live quite comfortably off that. But I used to have money. And take it from me, adventurers spend money like a…Eater Goat shits.”
“Grandma! Wait, how often is that?”
“Often. And the wealthier they are, the more money they spend. That goes for most rich people. It’s rare to meet someone who can make more money come in than go out who’s new to the game. So don’t spend everything at once. Or if you do, hold onto that armor. Never let it slip away. You made your choice to keep it; never offer even a part of it, no matter what they offer you.”
After that, Tekshia finished her third cookie. Selys sat at the table, tail moving back and forth restlessly.
“So you think I should keep making money off the armor?”
Tekshia nodded.
“That would be wise. And I would tell you to spend a lot of it on artifacts. A better vault, somewhere with wards, perhaps on security—at least on some protective charms! You know what most adventurers wear. Get that. After that? You should leave Liscor.”
“But it’s my home.”
The Drake snorted.
“So what? It’s one city. Do you know how big Izril is? You’ve never been to another city in your life, girl. When I was your age, I’d visited three Walled Cities and at least two dozen cities!”
“And broken fifteen hearts and gotten married twice.”
Selys rolled her eyes. Tekshia raised a fist. Selys edged her chair back.
“I may exaggerate. But there’s a reason those arrogant idiots in Pallass look down on Liscor. If they ever come to Liscor, we’ll kick the scales off them in a back alley, but they are right.”
