6.17 S
Page 4
Selys blushed a bit and grumbled as her friends laughed. First hoarding and now civic pride? She was turning into an old Drake! She quickened her pace and turned left. It wasn’t far from the Adventurer’s Guild—the street she wanted, Trader’s End, was just a bit north and east of her position.
There was no need for Selys or her friends to ask directions where they were going. They knew Liscor by heart, and so they came to the wide street quite quickly. It was like and unlike Market Street, which Erin frequently visited. In truth, the Human girl had never come here. And why would she? Unless she were exploring, Krshia could handle all of her immediate shopping needs.
But by the same token, it meant Erin didn’t really know Liscor, for all that she’d lived in the city for so long. And if she had, perhaps she wouldn’t have so flippantly written Liscor off, at least in Selys’ opinion. The Drake inhaled the smell of spices, saw the huge caravans, a rolling wagon parked in the street, a few [Merchants] sitting and drinking with customers at small tables, [Guards] watching passersby with care and boredom written across their faces…this was Trader’s End.
“Pallass is more exciting, honestly, Erin…”
The little street wasn’t a one-way street. Nor was it filled with [Traders]. They tended to be crowded out, unless Liscor was blocked off. But with the spring had come [Merchants], and they liked to have a place to conduct business. So any caravan selling up-scale goods would stop here for a day or two, and any wealthy socialite or someone with extra gold to spare might visit. Selys had only bought from this street once, but she liked to visit.
And if Erin had ever known of this street, or come across it by chance, she might have met more of her kind. For there were Human [Merchants] aplenty. At least, in the spring. In the winter it was true that few Humans visited Liscor; Drakes took the opportunity to come north from the Blood Fields. But with the aforementioned fields being active in the spring and summer, it was time for Humanity to pour in.
“There are even more [Merchants] than usual. Think they’re here because of all the adventurers?”
“Of course, scales-for-brains. Why else would they make the journey? They’re not going south. And look, some are selling fabrics from the north! That looks like a Balerosian print! Selys, come see!”
Selys looked over. The first [Merchant] Lellia was pointing to was indeed selling bolts of fabric, ready to be cut out by a [Seamstress] and sewn into a work of art. The patterns were indeed beautiful and colorfully dyed—a waving, blue and red pattern separated by a white stripe. If you looked closely you could see there was a second pattern in the blue and red, smaller triangles of darker thread that looked magnificent. The [Merchant] was pointing it out with evident satisfaction. Selys gulped. That would make a great dress, and it was high-quality cotton, practical for wearing, not just fancy to-dos. But if you wanted to turn that into a dress for nights out…
“No touching, please, ladies!”
The [Merchant] had two big [Guards], both Gnolls, blocking the bolts of cloth. He was a Human with a bit too much weight and an older man’s paunch, but a quite thick and glorious head of hair and a shining jade amulet that spoke to anyone with an eye for trinkets. He was dressed just as colorfully as his wares, and Selys bet he’d done it to impress. Drakes liked flash and so more than one female Drake was crowded around. A few Gnolls too, eying the fabrics the man was showing off.
“Please, buying customers only!”
