6.17 S
Page 9
Selys blinked. She looked at Farri and hesitated. She knew it was partly because of his Skills, but she was feeling more and more inclined to trust the man with every passing second. So she took a deep breath.
“Okay. I am looking for a bag of holding. But…that was to hold the money I have.”
He smiled, and Selys could have sworn she felt his delight in her trust in him. She told herself it was a Skill. Skill, and charisma, which you needed if you wanted to be a [Merchant].
“Ah. A bag of holding would help with that. But it’s still vulnerable. As I said, it’s safe to place money in the Merchant’s Guild…although there are fees. But if you wanted to protect your gold, could I suggest a box enchanted with the holding spell? I sell magical vaults too.”
“Really? Aren’t they really expensive?”
Selys had heard of magical vaults, but in her mind they were always huge, warded rooms filled with treasure. Farri shook his head.
“There are always degrees of enchantment. Some nobles have huge vaults crammed with so many wards they can’t even fit a compression spell inside—for fear the magical goods will corrupt the compression as well. But if you just deal in gold, I can sell you a very small, very easy-to-conceal vault that looks as plain as anything. Thieves will have trouble finding it, and if they aren’t attuned to the lock spell…I have all kinds of varieties, from lethal to noisy to incapacitating. Would you like me to show you some examples? And while I’m at it, I can sell you some very cheap bags of holding. And anything else you might care to see.”
He gave Selys a very soothing smile that made her want to trust him. And she knew it was a Skill. She knew it, but she still stood up and followed him over to his wagon.
“I guess I could take a look…”
[Kings] have been made into [Beggars] from that line alone. But while Farri might have been a high-level [Merchant], he was true to his word. Better to have a client that might come back again than earn a reputation as a [Swindler]. His prices were fair, and Selys bought too much. A magical vault, a small bag of holding, a quill that could automatically refill itself from the matching inkpot, a talisman that kept away bugs from her house, a little cooling stone, and a very bouncy ball that bounced away from you until you said the retrieval word…
“You’re willing to give me the bag of holding? Just like that?”
Selys blinked down at the bag of holding, a little blue satchel with bright yellow ties. Farri gave her a winning smile as his apprentice [Trader] dutifully packed up the goods she’d bought and set them aside.
“I can pick a client, Miss Selys. Trust goes both ways. If you ran, well, the City Watch in Liscor is good at their jobs and we [Merchants] usually have our own ways of getting even. Besides which, a bag of holding isn’t the worst of risks to take. I’ll be staying at the Firehearth Inn after evening. I’d advise you to request a [Guardsman] accompany you when you transport the coin.”
“I will. And I’ll come to your inn. Um. Thank you.”
“A pleasure. And if you have any other needs, please let me know. You see, I don’t often come by Liscor. But I’m always willing to change my route, and if—”
Farri was trying to lay on the charm, giving Selys a handshake with his other hand clasping hers gently, smile in full bloom. But here at least he failed, because the [Cloth Merchant] from earlier sidled over and with great delicacy and powerful hips, bumped Farri out of the way. Selys blinked as Farri swore and nearly fell over.
