6.17 S
Page 11
The Street Runner took the brown bag of holding and raced down the apartment steps. Selys watched him go, then turned. A Gnoll woman was waiting patiently by her door. She’d stepped aside to let the Street Runner go.
“Sorry. I’ll get the other bag of holding done soon.”
“No need to rush, Miss.”
The Gnoll City Runner gave Selys a lazy smile. The Drake tried to return it; she hurried back in and counted.
“One, two, three, four, five…ten…twenty, thirty, forty…”
It took her a while, but she got the red bag of holding belonging to Humric filled and handed it to the City Runner. The Gnoll didn’t ask for Selys’ seal. She just nodded.
“This will go to Merchant Humric within five minutes, Miss Shivertail. If you have any complaints, you may testify at the local Runner’s Guild. You may also confirm the delivery by asking for me or my fellow Runner, and we will provide a full summary of our delivery on request.”
“Oh. Thank you! I uh, that’s fine. Thank you. Really.”
“It’s an easy service.”
The Gnoll grinned at Selys. She touched a paw to her brow and took off. She didn’t bother with stairs; she just vaulted from the second story and landed on the street before taking off with a long, loping stride. Selys watched her go.
City Runner and Street Runner. That was the difference. Humric hadn’t bothered to make Selys do the footwork, and Farri had copied his example. But it was a mark of the difference between the two; Farri had sent a Street Runner with a plain bag of holding, while Humric had paid for a City Runner to deliver Selys’ gold and sent one of his personal bags of holding. And it made a difference; somehow, Selys found herself liking Humric’s expansive, aggressive style more.
He’d gently bullied her into buying some cloth, all while plying her with wine, grapes from Chandrar, and insulting Farri and the other [Merchants] to their faces while they looked on. And to top matters off, he’d given her this easy way of paying and receiving her goods, and had his [Guards] escort Selys away from Trader’s end before she could spend any more money.
“A [Merchant] doesn’t just treat his clients like a friend, Miss Selys. Oh no, he treats them far better!”
Selys laughed to herself as she remembered that. She walked back into her apartment. Then she panicked again.
“Oh no. What have I done?”
She’d spent so much. More money then she’d spent in…all of her life? Yes! Definitely! But then Selys stared down at the pile of gold. She peered under her bed. She checked the wardrobe. She sat down.
“One, two…three hundred. A thousand over there…”
Her money pile hadn’t…decreased that much. Selys had spent a lot. But she hadn’t spent that much. The most expensive item she’d bought had only been, what? An eight hundred gold piece vault? Yes, and the bag of holding was only six hundred and sixty gold pieces. The cloth had been cheap. Selys stared at her gold piled up on the floor. It shone at her.
“I could go back there and buy more cloth from Humric. I could buy those ten bolts he picked out for me. And it wouldn’t even…”
The Drake stared at her bag of holding. She stared at the gold. She grabbed the bag of holding, shoveled some gold into it, walked out of her apartment, looked at the little key in the lock, then ran back in the apartment, grabbed her dagger, and locked the door. Then she hovered at her window, staring out it anxiously until a Street Runner passed by.
“Hey! Hey you!”
The Gnoll girl did a double-take. She looked up and Selys waved at her frantically.
“Up here!”
“I’m on delivery, Miss! Urgent! It’s fresh fish!”
