6.17 S
Page 2
But she could buy it. She could buy a magical artifact with the gold she had. Most Silver-ranks wouldn’t have as much gold as Selys before they hit Gold-rank. With this, she could actually become an adventurer. And she had the Heartflame Breastplate—or rather, it was being stored in the Watch Barracks until Selys could find someone to rent it. She could practically become a Silver-rank adventurer if she outfitted herself. If she wanted to…
Selys had once wanted to be an adventurer. Before she’d learned how dangerous that was, and how unglamorous. Her grandmother had talked her out of it, really, by telling Selys stories of her past. And Selys had to admit, she wasn’t talented. Her uncle, the famous [General] had taught her a few claw-fighting tricks.
Her grandmother had taught her how to use a spear and a sword. Selys had learned, but she’d never grown adept at any of those fighting styles. She wasn’t talented, which Tekshia had said could be made up for, but it meant Selys was disadvantaged. That had been enough for the young Drake girl.
And the adult had seen war. So no adventuring. But what else was money good for? Fancy things like Maviss had said? Jewelry? Magical items? All of that appealed to Selys, but now that she had money, she didn’t have anything she wanted to spend it on that much. She’d rather have the gold than regret spending it.
“Oh no. I am hoarding.”
Selys groaned. That was one of the classic symptoms! Being a miserly Drake who couldn’t spend so much as a copper coin. She struck her head lightly with the heel of her palm, then heard someone shouting her name!
“Selys! Hey, Selys! Are you off work?”
The Drake looked around. She brightened up as she saw three of her friends, Mica, Warsh, and Lellia coming towards her. Mica was a Gnoll [Clerk], Warsh was a Drake [Receptionist] working at the Guild like her, and Lellia was a [Spinner] apprenticing in a [Tailor]’s shop. Selys hung out with them quite often, but she knew a good number of people her age in Liscor. Some, like Drassi, were old friends, or co-workers like Maviss. But this group Selys had known since she was running around the streets as a hatchling.
“Warsh, how are you doing? Hello, Mica, Lellia. You dyed your fur?”
She looked at Mica. The edges of the Gnoll’s dark fur around the side of her face, normally a dark brown, were blonde. The Gnoll preened and smiled as the three stopped in the street to chat.
“That’s right. I got the edges dyed yesterday. What do you think? They look good, yes?”
“Yeah. Very…attractive! I like the way it stands out. But won’t it get you in trouble with your boss? I mean, at the store?”
Selys eyed Mica. The Gnoll was a [Clerk], who, like a [Receptionist], [Waiter], and so on, could fill a lot of jobs. Mica was employed running the counter at a [Shopkeeper]’s store who dealt in produce, which was one of Liscor’s only exports.
The city mainly imported goods; it was subsidized in no small part by the army’s mercenary work and the area had some natural resources, but nothing dramatic like Pallass’ ore mines or Oteslia’s huge agricultural industry. However, shops like the one Mica’s employer ran were important; they had preservation runes and could store food for a long time.
