6.17 S
Page 6
Unbeknownst to Selys, the [Merchant] yawning as he sat by his wagon had sat up suddenly. He couldn’t have heard Selys or Mica speaking. They were too far away and he wasn’t listening. But he sat up nonetheless, and his eyes locked on Selys. He got up as Selys turned to face her friend.
“Mica, do you want me to buy you a dress?”
“What? No. I didn’t—it would just look good on you. And me and Lellia, yes? Right?”
Mica laughed, but her tail, which Selys had been watching, suddenly went very still. Lellia, who’d been pointing out an item to Warsh, looked up.
“But you can’t pay for something like that. So I should pay for it?”
“Only if you want to. I mean, it would look good.”
Selys nodded slowly.
“It would. But that’s one fabric. And three of us dressed the same might look…tacky?”
“Just a bit! But hey, it would be really cool, wouldn’t it?”
Lellia came over. Selys looked at her smile and took a breath. She forced a smile onto her face.
“Yeah, but if we were doing it, wouldn’t it be better to have three dresses? Each one different?”
“But I can’t afford that. So…I mean, it would be up to you. But it would look really good at party, wouldn’t it, Selys?”
Mica grinned hopefully. Selys nodded, and inside her stomach began to twist.
“It would. But for what party? We had one just the other day.”
“But the Tailless Thief is open all the time, Selys. And Peslas was a great host. Why not visit there again after this? Or—we could visit one of the bars. There’ll be a great troupe at the Wishdrink’s tonight. We could go dancing there, with you, us, and some of the others. They’d all be down for that.”
Warsh cut in, and Lellia and Mica nodded excitedly. Lellia leaned on Warsh’s shoulder, speaking faster and gesturing at the [Cloth Merchant]
“I bet my teacher could even cut some dresses out and sew them up if it was a priority order, Selys.”
The Drake [Receptionist] looked at her friends. Wishdrink’s was a very expensive bar, which was to a ‘bar’ what the Tailless Thief was to an ‘inn’. It was very upscale and not only were the drinks fantastic, you could dance, eat well, and have a great night out. If you had money to spend. Selys had never been there. And she suspected the others hadn’t been there more than once or twice at a bigger party.
“I don’t know.”
“Aw, come on, Selys. Your day off starts now! And besides—no, wait. What if we all went to Pallass.”
Lellia looked around. Warsh and Mica’s eyes lit up.
“Pallass?”
“Why not? Selys’ friend has a door, right? And we’ve never been—I mean, I’ve never been there! I bet there are tons of fancy places to visit!”
“But you need to ask to go.”
“Well, we can all put our names down. No one else is going to Pallass, right? And it’s free.”
Selys’ stomach was twisting over and over again now.
“But Pallass is expensive. I hear its way more expensive, especially for a really high-level establishment. Some don’t even take new customers. You have to know the owner.”
“Yeah, but money’s not a problem, is it? I mean, if it’s to visit Pallass…”
The copper penny dropped. Only, since it was Selys, it was a gold coin and it clunked. All three of her friends were looking at her. At her.
“I have to work. What if all of you went?”
Mica snorted.
“What would be the point of that? Come on, Selys. You can afford to take time off—or quit your job! You keep talking about how much your grandmother makes you work. Just walk back into her office and tell you quit! Then you can join the rest of us and have some real fun, yes? Besides, you have enough money—”
“Uh, Mica—”
