6.17 S
Page 20
That was an important distinction. And Selys wasn’t surprised by Krshia’s admission; she’d seen and heard from Erin how much sway Krshia had. She looked at Krshia, trying to get anything from her brown eyes, or her tail. Krshia grinned and Selys turned red as she saw the Gnoll could tell what she was doing; the trouble with Gnoll tails was that they were so short!
“I apologize. I do not mean to alarm you, yes? No doubt many people have been badgering you. Let me be more plain: I came to Liscor with some of my tribe to build ties. But also to prepare a gift for the Meeting of Tribes. You know what this is?”
“It’s…the biggest event among Gnolls, right? Some annual gathering?”
“Yes. But not annual. It happens every ten years. Sometimes it is even missed. But it is an important time. The fortunes of a tribe may change, or great worth may be acquired at the Meeting of Tribes. Which is why all seek to present a gift better than any other.”
Selys nodded. She was trying to think ahead of the conversation. Why did Krshia want her help? Selys drew a blank so she just waited for Krshia to explain.
“The Meeting of the Tribes is still a ways away. But I think the Silverfang tribe will have much to speak of. And a worthy present to give.”
“Oh. Good. I guess that’s a feather in your cap.”
This time Krshia blinked. She frowned, looking perplexed.
“A feather…in the cap?”
“That’s right. It’s a Human expression. I heard Halrac using it. Apparently [Hunters] put feathers in their hats to show what the biggest animal they killed was. Posturing, you know?”
Krshia grinned.
“Ah. I see. Gnolls do not wear hats, mostly. But I know [Hunters] who made headbands or other apparel out of feathers. It is a good expression. There is another feather I would add if I could, Selys. But it is not an easy feather. And yet it would be quite a big one, and good for the city. Will you hear me out?”
Selys wanted to say ‘I’m doing just that, aren’t I?’ But she knew that was rude and she wasn’t her grandmother so she couldn’t get away with it. So she nodded politely. Krshia took a moment. Then she spoke softly, glancing towards the roof of the City Hall, one of the taller buildings in the distance.
“I have a proposal which no one in the Council has seen fit to acknowledge. I cannot even speak to a Council member formally to suggest it. You see, many issues plague Liscor. Fewer now than there were a few weeks ago. And in fact, these are smaller problems. Solvable problems, unlike siege or war. One you are familiar with. There is a housing crisis in the city and the dungeon has yet been mostly a drain on the city’s profits.”
“Oh, I know about that.”
Selys made a face. She’d paid far more than she’d expected for her apartment, and it had only been achieved by negotiating for a room at the previous owner’s expense. She felt a bit bad about that, but her apartment was open and she hated her upstairs neighbor. She was a Gnoll with acute hearing and she and Selys had been the bane of each other’s lives. As for the dungeon—Selys knew about that indeed.
Krshia nodded.
“I would solve both by expanding Liscor and placing a small fee on the dungeon for adventurers.”
“Expanding Liscor?”
Selys blinked at the idea. But Liscor’s walls were enchanted! And they were tall, and sturdy! You couldn’t just add onto the city, could you? But Krshia seemed to think so. The Gnoll was nodding.
