6.17 S
Page 23
“I like your idea, Krshia. But I can’t just give money away for free. Say I do help you. I have some conditions.”
The Gnoll nodded slowly. She seemed ready, wary, but ready.
“Speak. What would you have, Selys?”
Selys didn’t know. And then she did. Of course, hadn’t she been moaning just this morning about it? She took a deep breath.
“If you win, I want a bigger Adventurer’s Guild. Twice as big, with more staff, more money for us as well. We can take on those roles you want if we have more money to buy updated bestiaries, hire trainers…”
Krshia’s brows crossed.
“That is an expensive proposition. I already have more things I wish to give Liscor, and I do not know Liscor’s budget, Selys. I would not wish to go back on my word.”
“I get that. But we need this for the dungeon tax and that monster parts request system, Krshia. And look at it this way. Grandma might back you if you agree. She’s been complaining to the Council for decades about the problem.”
Krshia thought about it. She muttered to herself, too quietly for Selys to hear. Then she looked up.
“I agree.”
Selys smiled in relief. Krshia held out a paw.
“I suppose this makes us allies. Working together towards a goal. Although you may simply give me money and I will do what I can.”
The Drake grasped Krshia’s paw firmly and received a crushing grip in return.
“Agh! Too strong, Krshia! No way. I’m in this. I like your idea. And I think I can help you out even more. You need to force the Council to make this an election, don’t you?”
Krshia nodded heavily.
“This is the most complicated issue. I have discussed it with some others, but it is hard to convince the Council to do something they do not have to do. We were thinking of gathering support. Unless you have an idea in mind?”
Selys grinned. Now this was a job she could handle. Not as an [Heiress]—okay, partly as an [Heiress], but also as her main class. A [Receptionist]. 
“I can do you one better. Come with me. Uh, that is, if you can let your shop…?”
Krshia waved at the stall.
“No one will steal from it. Unless we’ll be gone for hours, it is fine, yes? Very well. I may need to hire someone to help me run my stall soon, however.”
She followed Selys down the street, calling at a Gnoll to tell her she was leaving. Selys saw the Gnoll wave back and wondered how many Gnolls would vote for Krshia if she asked for it. She glanced back at Krshia’s shop. It looked more prosperous now; it seemed the Gnoll had recovered some of her fortunes.
“You have enough money coming in now?”
“Oh yes. Business has been good. Better than it was before now that I have new Skills. And if that Octavia could provide me with more potions, and better quality, I could even think about opening a shop.”
“That’s great.”
Selys meant it. Krshia laughed, baring her teeth.
“So says the Drake with a legendary artifact and more gold than I have earned in my life.”
Selys blushed.
“It was luck. I didn’t—”
A paw touched her shoulder gently. Krshia smiled without rancor.
“Stop. Do not apologize for fortune. It was merely a joke.”
The Drake hesitated. Then she kept walking. She appreciated what Krshia had said. She’d sounded like Tekshia. But still, how did you start a conversation up after a line like that? Eventually, Selys remembered Octavia.
“What was Octavia asking you for, Krshia? It sounded like she wanted some…help.”
Krshia shook her head.
“That one manufactures her problems like potions. I do not care to get involved; I know a bad investment when I see one. Where are we going? The Watch Barracks?”
