6.17 S
Page 3
They were the closest things to the grocery stores Erin talked about. Some didn’t even bother with stores; they kept warehouses and let other [Shopkeepers] buy from them in bulk. That was how business was done in Liscor; artisans didn’t sell their goods personally like in Celum and northern cities. They went through [Shopkeepers] and thus they could rely on middlemen to handle the cutthroat business of business while doing their work.
“Oh, that old place? The owner pitched a fit so I quit. I hated working there anyways. He was always telling me to sweep up after myself. As if I can help shedding! And I never got any fur in the food.”
Mica waved a paw in disgust. Selys nodded, but she wondered if that was a good move. [Clerks] weren’t exactly in high demand in Liscor. At least, at the level Mica was at—Level 14—they weren’t. She was a Level 6 [Washer] and a Level 3 [Sweeper] too, which didn’t exactly help out much.
“Well, if you’re happy, that’s fine. Hey, I’m off work. Maviss’ pretty tired Warsh, so I wouldn’t be late or she’ll rip off your tail. I was going shopping.”
“Hey, why don’t we come with you? I could buy some trinkets.”
Lellia eagerly offered and Warsh and Mica nodded. Selys hesitated.
“Well, you probably won’t want to go where I’m going. I’m checking out the [Merchants]—the pricey ones, you know? So…”
The eyes of all three of her friends sharpened. There were [Traders] and [Merchants] in Liscor, but only a few dealt in expensive objects and demanded gold. Warsh looked at Mica and Lellia.
“Why don’t we come with anyways? I have a bit of gold.”
“Yeah!”
“If you want.”
Selys awkwardly motioned and the other three fell into step with her. It wasn’t that Selys didn’t want to talk with them—it was just it was going to be awkward buying a bag of holding with them in tow. And it was also strange that they were all here. Mica usually had her job, which made sense, but Warsh slept in until it was his shift on a working day. As for Lellia, she didn’t get out nearly as much as the other two.
“So, how have you all been? I mean, since the other day?”
They’d had a huge party at the Tailless Thief just the other day. Selys had spent far too much and woken up with a terrible hangover. Mica pointed at her fur.
“Besides this?”
“I just helped sew up a few dresses. You know.”
Lellia dismissively flicked her tail. Warsh, walking ahead of Selys, grinned.
“And I work at the Guild. Nothing interesting anymore. Just those Gold-rank teams coming in and going out, always covered in mud. Except for the Wings of Pallass. Those are some sleek Drake ladies, and the Garuda is—”
He cut off as the other three all glared at him. Warsh coughed, blushing slightly.
“What about you, Selys?”
“Oh, nothing much.”
“Aw, come on. Nothing? What about your crazy Human friend?”
“Erin? I haven’t talked to her in a bit. She’s in Pallass.”
Lellia oohed appreciatively.
“Why didn’t you go with her?”
Selys made a face. That was what Maviss had said!
“I don’t want to. Her door can’t take many people and besides, what does Pallass have?”
“Um, everything? It’s a Walled City, Selys.”
“I guess. And Erin did invite me. But it was the way she said it! ‘Pallass has cooler things than Liscor, Selys. It’s way more exciting. Come on, you can meet so many cool people there!’ Can you believe that?”
Warsh looked at Mica. The Gnoll raised her brows.
“I can.”
“Totally.”
“What?”
Selys looked at her friends. Lellia laughed.
“You’re like my Dad, Selys. Liscor isn’t better than Pallass! If I could have gone, I would have.”
“What’s wrong with liking Liscor?”
