6.17 S
Page 1
A week ago, Jelaqua had walked into Selys’ small apartment and given her a share of the treasure she’d earned from the dungeon. It was the Drake’s cut of the profits for letting the Halfseekers use the Heartflame Breastplate. It wasn’t a third of the Halfseekers’ take like Selys had initially tossed out as an offer, but it was still a percentage. And that percentage had appeared in the form of enough gold to knock Selys out.
Literally. She’d woken up to Jelaqua pouring water on her face. Selys had gotten a cold from that, but the sight of a pile of glittering gold pieces had alleviated her suffering. Mostly. She’d also turned into a Level 8 [Heiress] as well, but she hadn’t gained a Skill. Another mixed blessing.
As for how much money Selys had, well, the answer was that she had a good bit more than three thousand gold coins. Maybe as many as six thousand, and it was actually starting to worry her a bit. Her apartment floor might actually cave in from the weight. So Selys’ first job on the day off was to store her money.
The problem was that Selys didn’t know how much a bag of holding cost, she didn’t know how to carry that many coins with her without one, and she didn’t know how much money she had. She knew how much Jelaqua had given her, but some of Ilvriss’ money had joined the pile quite recently.
He’d rented the Heartflame Breastplate after the Halfseekers and before he’d left in secret to return to his home, he’d sent one of his aides to pay Selys the fee. Which was more gold than she’d earn in a year. But on top of the money Jelaqua had given her it had seemed almost paltry, more money to join the pile. Selys had stared at it and tried counting. She’d made fifteen stacks before she just gave up.
And that was the thing. Selys might have been a Drake, a member of a species descended from Dragons, but she’d realized that having a lot of gold was really like having a lot to eat. It was great if you were hungry, but once you were full, it just looked like…stuff. And now she was rich, money had lost its value for her.
“I’m no hoarder, like Grandma can be. But I don’t know what to do with what I have. Look at that.”
Selys paused on her way down the street. The area around the Adventurer’s Guild catered to their kind, so there were [Shopkeepers] selling goods made by [Blacksmiths], [Alchemists], [Fletchers], [Carpenters], and more. Some shops were multi-purpose, others carried a specific set of items, like the shop she was walking past that had every kind of weapon on display. Selys saw iron mixed with steel weapons, all fairly sharp, as well as a small selection of potions in bottles. A Gnoll was browsing as the Drake [Shopkeeper] tried to close the sale.
“I could buy a dozen of that shop’s best steel weapons. Eight times. And I’d still have more money than Maviss ever had in her life.”
Selys shook her head. She walked by another shop and her eye caught a gaudy protective charm. Something to deflect blows? It was probably only good for a hit or two from something small; deflection charms were usually weak, according to Tekshia. And the bad ones were poor at sensing what was an attack; you could deplete them by stepping too hard or jumping.
