6.17 S
Page 14
Selys blinked at her grandmother. Somehow she found herself sitting among the scattered gold pieces, sipping from one of her cups. Her grandmother still had a lecturing tone, but the words were…positive. That was rare. Selys felt a kick in her stomach, a good one. She took a breath.
“I guess I need to let you know I’m quitting, then.”
It was hard to imagine. But on the other hand…Selys would like sleeping in. And she’d have more time to visit Mrsha and talk with Erin. She almost smiled at the thought. Tekshia did not. She scowled at Selys.
“Quit? What gave you that idea? And refill my cup, would you?”
She thrust out her tea cup. Selys blinked at her.
“Grandma, you said yourself! I’m rich! Why would I work a job?”
“Because I said so. You’re not quitting until I get a better replacement.”
“Grandma!”
The old Drake sighed. She sprang up from her bed with more agility than she had any right to. Selys shot her a look as Tekshia refilled her cup herself, grumbling about unfilial granddaughters.
But not every granddaughter had a grandmother who could still do backflips and outrun Street Runners. Even if Tekshia complained of aching bones and body. She looked back at Selys, her tail very calmly lying on the bed. That was another feature about Tekshia; when she didn’t want you to, you couldn’t read a thing about her from her tail.
“I still need a [Receptionist]. And you’re my best one. Maybe you can consolidate the classes. Either way, you’re not allowed to quit. But I will let you work the day shifts. Six hours instead of nine. If I can hire some replacements, you can work the odd day. Actually, if you’ll pay their yearly wages, I’ll give you as much time off as you want.”
“But that’s not fair! I’m rich!”
“And I’m your grandmother. You can’t quit now, when all these adventurers are traipsing about my Guild and you’re one of the few people who know how things work. Besides, once you run off to spend your fortune, I won’t see you anymore.”
Selys was about to protest, but then she saw Tekshia’s face. Her tail never moved, but the old Drake’s face was less guarded. It was a sad look. Tekshia looked around the room. Her eyes found something on the walls. A little portrait, framed and covered with glass. Expensive; but Selys had bought it the first year Tekshia had begun employing her.
The illustration was a sketch; the kind of thing that was a prelude to a proper portrait. It showed two Drakes. It wasn’t a scene from any scene out of life, although the details were accurate, as far as Tekshia had always said. The [Artist] had drawn it from a memory. Tekshia’s. The Drake looked at it. So did Selys, but whatever emotions she felt were old. Incomplete.
She envied the look in Tekshia’s eyes and all the gold lying on the floor would have been a small price to pay to make that picture complete. To hear a voice. Wait—
Tekshia stood up and walked over to the portrait. She glanced back at Selys, looking sadder and older than Selys ever wanted to see her. Tekshia reached up and half-touched the portrait, claws gently skating over class.
“If your uncle could see what you did with the armor, he’d be proud, I think. So would your parents. At last, someone in the family who figured out how to get rich by being smart, not being a warrior and risking their tails or sponging off of Zel’s fame. I suppose this counts in a way, but he gave this to you. Don’t let anyone steal it.”
