6.17 S
Page 13
She paused, realizing that denying she was a hoarder while she had gold in each claw wasn’t the most compelling of arguments. Tekshia smiled, and her stern face relaxed a bit. Normally she had a glare that could cut through wood. But she did smile. Then it snapped back into a look that was frightening to rookies working at the Adventurer’s Guild, both [Receptionist] and adventurer alike. To Selys, it was just how her grandmother’s face was normally.
“Hoarding isn’t just about gold, girl. It’s about owning things. Or did you think Dragons just sat on gold? No. They covet treasures. We do the same things. We fill our homes with everything we want. You’re starting it; I do it now and then. But I’m not rich any longer. And you just came into your wealth. But you’re caught between wanting to keep your gold and spend it, aren’t you?”
“I spent some of it.”
Selys sulkily pushed more gold into her vault. It was rearranging itself, piling up in miniature as Selys watched. She could easily pull it out and it would organize the coins by denomination as well as categorize jewelry and other valuables. Tekshia snorted and kicked the vault, which was metal but carefully painted to look like plain wood, with one foot.
“This? This is cheap, girl. You should have paid for one worth at least two thousand gold pieces. Probably four just to be safe. The next time you meet the [Merchant] that sold you this, make him trade it in.”
“Four thousand? Grandmother, that’s more than half of what I have! I think!”
“You’ll get more. Don’t be stingy when it comes to protecting your treasure. And you’ll need it to store everything you buy. Or did you think [Thieves] only went for vaults? Smart ones will rob everything but the vault, even if they’re barely Level 10. And thanks to your idiocy—and your stupid, gossipy friends, the city knows you’re rich.”
Selys winced.
“Grandma, I only—”
“You didn’t think. And I suppose it’s a credit that you didn’t realize how much you had until now. Actually, I take it back. That’s not wisdom, that’s just stupidity.”
Tekshia reached out and flicked at Selys. The Drake recoiled.
“I…I just got it a week ago. I had no idea what to do with it. I went to work! You saw me! And I didn’t steal any of this—”
“Of course you didn’t. Do I look like an idiot? You got it from renting out the Heartflame Breastplate, the treasure of our people like a cheap toy!”
The old Drake glared at Selys. The [Receptionist] winced. Tekshia sipped from her cup. Loudly.
“Well done. I would have never thought of that. Are you a [Heiress], by any chance? That’s the only class I can think of that fits. If you are, level up as much as you can. I’d like to live in a mansion when I finally retire.”
“A mansion?”
Selys’ jaw dropped. Then she realized what Tekshia was saying. Selys sat back on her tail.
“You’re proud of me?”
The old Drake shot her a stern glance.
“You’re more addled than I thought. Drink some tea! And why wouldn’t I be proud? You made money. True, you had to use a legendary artifact to do it, but you didn’t sell it. You own the Heartflame Breastplate and somehow you turned that fact into thousands of gold pieces. Even if you nearly got all of it stolen. Still, you’ve got more money than I ever dreamed you’d have. I always thought I’d be richer than you even with what remains of my savings. Huh. I guess I got that wrong.”
