6.17 S
Page 17
She pointed at Selys with a yellowed claw.
“You’re rich, Selys. You should go to Pallass. You should accompany that deranged girl, Erin Solstice. She’s more of a child than you are. She might need a rich friend, and you need to find out how to make that armor earn you money. Rent it to the Flamewardens for now; their leader will pay well to wear it. Most Drakes will, if only for a few days.”
“And will this be my life?”
Tekshia paused.
“Only if you want it to be. You don’t have to keep the armor. You don’t have to be rich, girl. But shouldn’t you find out what that means before you give it away?”
She was right. She usually was. Selys looked up at her grandmother. She was a bit teary, but she didn’t know why. She nodded.
“Okay. I’ll do that. Erin wants me to come with her anyways. I’ll spend money and…make connections. Wall Lord Ilvriss was talking about it. I’ll visit the Flamewardens. But you have to do one thing for me, Grandma.”
Tekshia eyed her suspiciously.
“…Give you more days off?”
Selys laughed. She stood up and went over to the portrait. She unhooked it from the wall and showed Tekshia it. The Drake stared down at the sketch.
“Grandma, you have to find a [Mage Artist]. Or whoever drew this.”
“[Sketch Wizard]. I think that’s what he called himself. Why?”
“So you can get another [Mage] to do this. But do it in color. Or do a memory. They can do that, can’t they?”
Tekshia’s eyes widened. She took the portrait, inspected it.
“They can. It’s very expensive, but Wistram [Mages] can do it. Some of them. I think some of Fissival’s [Mages] know the spell. Idiots becoming [Battlemages], [Summoners], [Necromancers] and [Illusionists]. If they really wanted to earn money, they just need to learn that spell and make it cheap enough for old folk. But it’s possible if you have enough gold.”
Selys gulped.
“Then do it. I want to know what my parents said. What they were like. I’ll pay for that. And I’ll earn whatever it takes…”
She felt a lump in her throat. Selys looked down and saw Tekshia’s eyes were moist. The Drake blinked rapidly. She glanced up at Selys and then down at the portrait.
“You want to know what they were like having sex? Because I walked in on them twice when I was—”
“Grandma!”
Selys laughed and cried. Tekshia smiled and stood up. She hugged her granddaughter once. Briefly. For such a tough Drake, Tekshia was surprisingly reticent about physical contact. Then she nodded.
“Make at least twenty thousand gold pieces first, you precocious granddaughter. That’s probably what it would take to lure a [Mage] all the way here and get what you want. For now…”
She walked over to the pile of gold on the floor next to the magical vault. Selys expected Tekshia to give her another pearl of wisdom, but the Drake just bent. She had a bag of holding at her side too, a good one from her adventuring days. She casually shoveled some of the gold into it.
“I’ll take this. And this. And some of this. The old folk and I could use a night at Wishdrink. Don’t bother coming to work tomorrow; I’ll make Warsh cover your shift.”
“What? Hey!”
Selys blinked as Tekshia nimbly hopped up and headed for the door. Selys blinked at the bare patch of her floor.
“Tekshia!”
The old Drake was already out the door as her furious granddaughter appeared in it. She laughed up at Selys, more like a [Witch]’s cackle.
“That’s Grandmother to you, Selys! And give me some of that cloth you bought! And if you didn’t buy anything nice, buy more!”
