6.17 S
Page 10
“Miss Selys, was it? I do regret not spotting you earlier. Can I tempt you to sit down and peruse some of my fabrics? I’d love to sell you a sample—and for a first-time customer, I’d let you have the first purchase at a say, twenty gold coin reduction? Humric Mames, at your service. [Cloth Merchant]; my wares come from Baleros and Chandrar and String People buy from me as well as the nobility.”
Selys’ jaw dropped. Farri turned, glaring. He strode back over.
“Don’t listen to that fool, Miss Selys.”
He tried to shove the [Cloth Merchant], but Humric was impossible to budge. He crowded Farri out. And he wasn’t the only one.
The [Merchants] visiting Liscor might not have all had Farri’s eye for wealth, but they still had eyes. And the new addition to the list of Liscor’s elite hadn’t escaped their notice. They crowded around, but Humric was like a rock. A rock that moved and could careen into his fellow [Merchants] sending them sprawling while his [Guards] gave him the chance to make his pitch to Selys. Which Humric did, speaking at a very rapid pace as he tried to guide her to his wares on display.
“I’ve been travelling to Liscor quite often. But what with the dungeon and this latest business…still, it’s a profitable run. And if I come back, I’ll be sure to bring back an inventory from Invrisil. I can even procure items from First Landing. Perhaps you’d like to make a request? I’d be delighted to find whatever you need. And there are a number of delectable new items. The latest fashions from Terandria, or perhaps some of Baleros’ latest…?”
Selys knew it was a Skill. She still bought three bolts of cloth, the first blue and red pattern heavily discounted. The second a black-and-gold bolt of silk for her grandmother. And the third some very fine yellow cotton she wanted to make into a dress. And Humlic smiled all the while. In the background Farri fumed and the other [Merchants] tried to get Selys’ attention. It was the quick [Merchant] who got the first sale. But it was the man with the [Hip Bump] technique who closed the second deal.
 
—-
 
“Oh Ancestors, what have I done?”
Selys sat in her apartment, head in her hands. She stared down at the pile of gold hidden away in her dresser. And in the back of her wardrobe. And underneath her bed. Gold, not pure gold which was heavy and less shiny, but gold coins winked up at her. Selys stared at them, at the neat rows she’d arranged. She slowly pushed them into the plain, brown bag of holding and stared at it. The blue bag of holding was on her dresser; the brown one had come separately. As had the red one emblazoned with Humric’s initials.
Selys took a great deal of care to keep the brown bag of holding away from the other two. Bags of holding did not play well together, and she’d been warned to keep these three out of proximity and to finish as quickly as possible. Lesser bags of holding could handle being close together for a while, but the stronger the enchantment, the shorter the time span before something…happened. So Selys opened the door and held the first bag of holding out.
“This one’s to Mister Farri. Trader’s End.”
“Got it. Do you have a personal seal, Miss?”
Selys blinked at the Street Runner waiting for the bag. He was a short Drake, quite young, and practically bouncing on his feet. She shook her head.
“I don’t. Er, I could get a standard one—”
“No need. I’ll get Mister Farri’s seal or he can send someone to testify. Thanks!”
