6.17 S
Page 26
The Watch Captain was frowning. So were Krshia and Selys, thinking the problem through, and what to say to Klbkch. But it was we now. They were in it together.
And as Selys looked around, at the two older women she respected in the city besides her grandmother, she felt a buoyancy in her chest. She stopped worrying about the money in her apartment and suddenly, wondered if she could persuade Zevara to hold off on the Heartflame Breastplate so she could lend it to the Flamewardens for a bit. After all, they might need more money. And the breastplate would look best on Zevara if she stood next to Krshia while they got her elected.
Suddenly, the world opened up. Selys realized something. This is what she wanted to do. Her worry, her confusion over becoming an adventurer, of how to use what she’d been given disappeared. Because she wasn’t an adventurer. She didn’t want to be one. This was who she was. Why change that?
She was no [Mage]. She couldn’t change the weather, and she was no [Warrior] to swing a sword and bring down a monster. She couldn’t play a [Bard]’s song and captivate an audience or lead an army like a [General]. But she could do all those things.
She could hire an adventurer. She could bribe a crowd or fund a campaign. She could hire a damn army, or at least some [Mercenaries]. And she could make it rain gold. Or silver. That was probably more cost-effective. Selys looked at Zevara and Krshia, then she cleared her throat. They looked at her. A Gnoll who led her tribe in Liscor, and a Watch Captain of a Drake city. And they waited for her to speak. Selys had a big smile on her face as he tail swished back and forth excitedly.
Swish, swish.
“Hey, do you know if I can buy land in the city? And uh, how much does that cost? Also, Watch Captain Zevara, can I hire the City Watch? Or do I need to talk to adventurers? Because I could really use Relc’s help…”
After all, the breastplate’s just the start.
 
[Heiress Level 11!]
[Skill – Everything Has a Price obtained!]
[Inheritance – Shadow of His Name obtained!]
 

