6.17 S
Page 21
“It is a foreign concept to Drakes. They think of their cities as permanent. But someone built the cities. They can be expanded. Humans do it all the time. And yes, it is sometimes careless, and they often lacks walls. But a wall can be built, yes? And the coin for that could come from the dungeon.”
“How? It’s hardly raking in the profits, aside from the Raskghar haul. And adventurers do not take kindly to upping the fee they pay on huge treasure hauls. We can’t change those even if we wanted to; the Adventurer’s Guild has a code.”
Krshia nodded amiably.
“Very true. But a city can regulate the dungeon’s access, yes? What if Liscor charged a few copper coins for each entrance into the dungeon? That is very nominal even for a Silver-rank team. And this dungeon is so far filled with monsters. Who uses the parts? The adventurers bring some things back, but they leave much. Insect organs, moth wings, spider shells, all of it is useful, isn’t it? And once we know what can be obtained, we might find more uses. I propose to create a list of monsters in the dungeon. An organized inventory of the monsters in the dungeons and the harvestable parts and a system to request materials.”
Selys blinked. That was a great idea! Why hadn’t she or Tekshia thought of it? She nodded.
“We could…do that. Other cities have a system like that in place. Pallass probably does it. But…”
She grimaced, realizing why she hadn’t thought of it and Tekshia hadn’t brought it up if she had.
“…That’s a lot of work. Too much for us right now. We’d have to create a list, interview adventurers, check out bestiaries, consult [Alchemists] and so on…it’s fine if we had more staff, but we don’t. And Krshia, I hate to say it, but even with this amount of coin, it wouldn’t be enough to fully hire enough [Builders], let alone [Enchanters] and so forth to fully construct a new part of the city or even smaller villages on the nearby hills.”
Selys hated to rain on the [Shopkeepers]’s parade, but Krshia was nodding even before she finished.
“It would not. But Liscor is not entirely poor, is it? And what makes a city thrive is an industry. So far, as I understand it, much of Liscor’s wealth comes from its army. It has no…specialty. But a city that thrives off of a dungeon can be richer. Moreover, more space and more need for adventurers besides treasure will drive growth. More merchants will visit the city, more people who cater towards adventurers. It is already happening, but Liscor is not adapting to the problem.”
The [Receptionist] knew Krshia was right. She rubbed at her neck spines.
“I agree. But what’s the problem? You can’t bring this up with a Council member? I don’t know if I can help. I barely remember who…oh. You want Grandmother to help? I’m sure she can get you a meeting…no?”
The Gnoll was shaking her head.
“A proposal is only so much, Selys Shivertail. What if the Council disagrees? What if they do not see my vision? And are they the best fit for the job? I hear that during Liscor’s siege, they did very little. They left it to Watch Captain Zevara, to Wall Lord Ilvriss.”
“That’s true. I heard the same rumor. So what?”
Krshia Silverfang grinned. She spread her paws wide.
“Well, do you not see it? I am saying that if the current Council is inept, why not allow me to join it? The Council selects its own members every few years. By my reckoning, this is the year for it. So let me be the first Gnoll to be part of Liscor’s Council. And let me not be alone.”
