6.17 S
Page 8
Then he turned and left. Selys looked around and saw at least two dozen Drakes and Gnolls staring at her, along with several [Merchants] and [Guards]. She turned crimson. But the [Merchant] only twisted his head around and whistled.
“Febin, get one of those tables. And a chair. And something to drink. Not wine. A juice. My guest and I will have a talk. In the shade over there.”
He pointed at a tree whose roots were trying to overgrow the little triangle of soil it was planted in. Selys found herself seated, and on a minute, sitting across from the Human. It was only after he’d offered her some refreshing apple juice and she’d taken a cup down that she could speak.
“Thank you. I think.”
“My pleasure, Miss Selys. It is Selys, isn’t it? My name is Farri Sightly. I’m a [Merchant].”
He offered a hand and Selys gingerly shook it. Farri pointed back at where Selys had been shouting.
“I noticed your fight. I stepped in before you could ruin that friendship. I hope you don’t mind.”
“Some friendship.”
Selys slumped in her seat. Farri smiled.
“I think your friends will realize how they acted when they have a chance to think. That young Drake boy already did, I think. Credit to you for realizing what they were after, but don’t hold too much of a grudge. Money tests friendships hard, and I hear it’s worse among Drakes. It’s plenty bad among Humans. Trust me. I speak from experience.”
Selys looked up sharply.
“What did you hear?”
Farri took a drink of juice.
“Nothing specific. But I already knew you were rich before you started shouting. I just had to take one look at you to know that. Fresh wealth? Inheritance or some kind of windfall? You’re no adventurer.”
He tapped underneath one eye. Selys blinked at him.
“You have a Skill?”
“[Evaluation of Wealth]. A handy Skill for any [Merchant]. Or [Thief]. It’s not the most common Skill, but I’d watch your purse, Miss. Or make sure your money’s in a safe place. You have a freshly-come glow about you, and that speaks of new money.”
That was exactly what Selys had been worried about. She stood up.
“Thank you. For stopping me and the drink. But I don’t want—”
“Please. Sit.”
Selys hesitated. She wanted to go, but the man’s voice was soothing. And she found herself sitting down. Only when she’d done that did she glare at him.
“That’s a Skill too, isn’t it?”
He coughed, embarrassed.
“Er—[Prolonged Negotiations]. I’m surprised you noticed.”
“I know my way around Skills. And [Merchants]. Fine. I can’t leave. But I’m not a rookie about to be fleeced, you know.”
He looked shocked. And a bit hurt.
“No, no, that’s not me! What kind of low-life do you take me for? I’m purely here as someone hoping to make some lucrative sales. Because something tells me the cost of some juice and a few words will earn me at least a few hundred gold coins. It’s the big sales I’m looking for, Miss. And that means cultivating relationships with potential clients.”
He looked meaningfully at Selys again. She hesitated.
“Well…I did come here to shop. But I don’t have any coin on me.”
He nodded.
“That’s a common occurrence, Miss. Or did you think most of the rich customers walked out with bags of holding stuffed with thousands of gold coins? If they’re stupid, they do, but most learn to deposit their gold at the Merchant’s Guild and arrange payment there. Or, if your money’s elsewhere, the Watch will help you collect it and pay me without asking for more than a small fee. The City Watch in Drake cities, that is.”
“Really? I had no idea they do that.”
