6.17 S
Page 24
She’d spotted the iconic building down the street. Selys nodded. She led the way inside. There was a Drake at the desk. He looked up as Selys walked forwards.
“Can I help you, Miss?”
“Selys Shivertail. I’d like to see Watch Captain Zevara? If she’s not busy.”
The Drake sighed. He looked tired and disinclined to be helpful.
“The Watch Captain is very busy, Miss. If you’d like to wait, I can let her know you’re waiting. But I doubt—”
He cut off as Selys leaned over the desk. She grinned at him, a mimicry of a certain smile she’d seen Erin use now and then. But Selys had her own way of getting what she wanted now.
“Hey. Tell her it’s Selys. Selys Shivertail. The owner of the Heartflame Breastplate? Wall Lord Ilvriss returned it to me a few days ago.”
The Drake sat up. He blinked at Selys and she saw his mouth open a bit. Some of the other [Guardsmen] looked up. Krshia, standing besides Selys, grinned. The Drake stared at Selys, then he stood up.
“One second, Miss Shivertail?”
He was gone for half a minute. Then he came down the stairs and Selys and Krshia went up. That was the thing about being a [Heiress]. And being rich, for that matter. Suddenly, everyone had time for you.
Still, time was not infinite, at least in Watch Captain Zevara’s office. And the Drake made that very clear with a glare that made Selys’ stomach do a flip and fall on its back. She didn’t know how Erin was so flippant around Zevara. The Drake was impressive! Not only was she Oldblood, but she had Selys’ respect, not least because she was a female Watch Captain. Those were rare.
Selys admired Wing Commander Embria too, although they’d never really had a chance to talk. But it was weird. She was Relc’s daughter and that was hard to fathom. Zevara cleared her throat.
“How can I help you, Miss Shivertail? Miss Silverfang?”
She was perplexed, but she heard Selys and Krshia out silently and patiently, tapping one claw on her desk and frowning. When Krshia had finished her outline—with Selys’ new idea included—Zevara leaned back in her chair.
“You want an election. Like…a democracy? That’s unheard of in Liscor. And only Pallass elects its Assembly of Crafts. Miss Krshia, do you think this really has a shot?”
The Gnoll frowned.
“If I did not think so, I would not have brought it up, Watch Captain. But I acknowledge it will be difficult. And yet—the election is the thing. If the Council can be persuaded to hold one, I believe I can win.”
She met Zevara’s eyes firmly. The Watch Captain frowned. She exhaled a plume of smoke. Selys noticed the window was open; it probably had to be with Zevara around.
“An election. You think I can…? Well, I actually can. Or at least, I can make it a big enough issue that the Council has to acknowledge it. But that opens every seat up on the Council. And my position as well—assuming they’d even agree to it.”
Selys and Krshia exchanged a worried glance. The Gnoll coughed.
“I understand this is an issue, Watch Captain. But my proposal would help the city. Would you consider it?”
Zevara shot them an amused glance. She sat up.
“Consider it? I’m halfway towards agreeing. If the Council wants to threaten my job, let them try. I’ve been petitioning them for more money and they haven’t agreed. The Watch needs a full upgrade to everything, from weapons to armor to magical items. The siege and the dungeon prove that. We can’t rely on adventurers forever. If you can get me that money, I’ll help you take this to a democracy. And Ancestors help us all if that happens.”
Selys sucked in her breath. Krshia hesitated.
