6.17 S
Page 12
The Gnoll girl complained. Selys threw a gold coin at her. The Gnoll immediately raced up the stairs.
“How can I help you, Miss?”
“Another gold coin if you get my grandmother. Tekshia Shivertail. Tell her I want her to come over now. It’s an emergency!”
“Do you have a s—”
“No, I do not! But it’s two gold pieces. Oh, you also have to tell Mister Farri in Trader’s End I want my magical vault now. If you do the delivery it’s a third gold piece.”
The Gnoll’s eyes lit up. She didn’t ask for a seal again; after all, you only needed them as proof of deliveries completed. If the customer was fine with handing money out in advance or on completion, Runners could skip that step. They only registered with the guild so packages could be delivered and handled by the people there. The Street Runner took off like lightning, abandoning her delivery of fish. Selys waited by her window, watching her stairs like a hawk. Then she realized a [Thief] could come in through her windows and was trying to block all of them when someone rapped on her door.
“Who is it?”
“Me.”
Selys hurried over to the door. She knew the voice, but she was in full paranoia mode by now.
“Who’s me?”
“Me, you idiot. Let me in.”
The Drake waiting outside impatiently pointed at the City Runner, the same Gnoll woman who’d taken Humric’s delivery, and the Gnoll stepped back. Tekshia Shivertail waited as the lock slowly turned in the door.
“Grandma? Are you—”
Tekshia kicked the door. Selys, who’d been leaning against it, went flying. She screamed as she hit the ground, rolling like Tekshia had taught her as a hatchling. Tekshia Shivertail, retired Gold-rank adventurer and Guildmistress of Liscor’s Adventuring Guild walked into Selys’ apartment. She stared at the gold on the ground, sighed, and raised her voice.
“City Runner, bring in that vault. Selys, stop sniveling.”
She waved in the Gnoll, whose jaw dropped as she saw the gold piled up on the floor. Selys yelped.
“Grandma!”
“Stop whining. You’re going to move apartments anyways. You’ve complained about how small this one is for years in my earhole. Give the City Runner a tip; don’t offer her gold, what are you, flea-brained? You’ll have Street Runners expecting a handful of silver just for delivering a letter five feet! Now, attune yourself to this damn vault and start putting the gold inside. Why you haven’t done this already I have no idea. You have as much sense as your mother. More than your father, I suppose. Get moving!”
Tekshia Shivertail did not wait to see Selys move. She went into Selys’ kitchen and brewed some tea, and came out to find Selys doing what she’d told her to. The City Runner was gone, only slightly disappointed by a six silver tip for running for five minutes. Selys was shoveling gold into the magic vault.
Tekshia, an old Drake with faded green and grey scales, watched her granddaughter working as she took a seat on Selys’ bed. Selys paused to rub at her back; gold coins, even if they were alloyed, were heavy in bulk. Only then did Tekshia speak.
“You’ve finally gotten the bug, don’t you, my dear?”
Selys glanced up. Tekshia clarified.
“Hoarding.”
The [Receptionist] turned red.
“Grandma! I spend money! And I’m not hoarding, I’m just—”
