6.17 S
Page 15
Selys looked up at her parents.  Her voice was smaller as she stared at the gold on her floor. And now it looked more like metal. Like trash, covering the plain, worn wooden apartment she hated, but which felt like a home.
“Grandma, what should I do? Really? I didn’t sell the armor because Uncle Zel gave it to me. But what should I do with…?”
She waved a claw. Tekshia took a seat at Selys’ little table and sipped from her cup. She glanced at Selys.
“Learn to be rich. Don’t run from it. And don’t pretend you’re not. What’s the point of doing that? Don’t be guilty either. Don’t think you have to give it away, or do your friends favors. It’s yours. You earned it, by luck, by chance, but it’s yours. Keep doing that. Don’t squander your fortunes. I did, when I was your age.”
Selys scooted forwards on her bottom. She frowned at her grandmother.
“What, you did? You told me you weren’t rich.”
“I did? I must have lied.”
“Grandma—”
The old Drake hunched her shoulders and her tail wrapped around her chair’s leg.
“You were probably too young. And it’s an embarrassing story. What did I say, that I quit and just had enough to live in my means? That was a lie.”
Selys shook her head. And for a moment she forgot the gold around her. As she absently flicked a gold coin from underneath her bottom she looked up at her grandmother. And she could have been a little hatchling looking up at her grandmother in Tekshia’s apartment, a decade ago.
“You told me you lost it all when the Necromancer attacked the city.”
“Ah. That’s a good lie.”
“But it is a lie?”
Tekshia sighed.
“Yes. It is. I suppose you’re old enough now. I might as well tell you since it’s a mistake you shouldn’t make. Sit up. Don’t slouch. Let’s see. There’s enough tea. Do you have anything to eat?”
“Um. I have crackers with a fishy paste. It might have gone bad. Or—oh! Erin gave me some cookies the other week. They’re a bit stale—”
“Those. Now.”
Selys obediently got her grandmother the stale cookies. Tekshia shot her a look.
“You have enough cookies to eat that you leave some to get stale?”
“I’m too tired from work to think about eating most of the time, Grandma. And I’ve been going out recently. Well, I was, with Warsh, Lellia, and…”
“I see. I see. Well, give them here. You may have one too, I suppose. Not that one! Mm. These are good.”
“They go well with milk, apparently.”
“Do they? I don’t like milk much. Milk tea isn’t for me. And I don’t trust it. It comes from cows. And those great, stinking things are disgusting. They have parasites, you know. Ever see a Creler burst out of a cow? You’ll never forget it.”
“Grandma, please. Your story about how you were wealthy?”
“Yes, yes. I was getting to that. Now, where should I begin?”
Tekshia chewed on the cookie, thinking. At last, she began, and Selys leaned forwards at the little table, wondering when she’d grown taller than her grandmother. But the crackling voice was just like she remembered.
“You know my career. I wasn’t the best Gold-rank, hah, I could never get close to Named Adventurer status no matter how hard I tried. My teams came and went; I wasn’t the best adventurer, but I wasn’t the worst. I made a name for myself.”
“Tekshia the Spearmaster. Yes, grandma.”
“Don’t interrupt! Yes. Tekshia the Spearmaster. It should have been Spearmistress, but I heard too many jokes about that. I earned that class. Not like that Relc, who got it from killing a [Spearmaster] in battle. So I was good. But I knew I was getting older and frankly, I got tired of the adventuring life. Too many days hunting Trolls in bogs. So I quit.”
“Just like that?”
