6.17 S
Page 19
“One of your potions was defective. You need to quality-check your batches, yes?”
“True, yes! But—”
“You stink of desperation. I will not risk my fellow Gnolls on something that smells and sounds illegal. Go ask an adventurer. Or hope Erin Solstice is inclined to help you. But that might be a mistake.”
Krshia shook her head. She turned her back on Octavia and no matter how much the [Alchemist] pleaded, Krshia ignored her. Octavia gave up and passed by Selys, muttering to herself.
“Lousy Gnolls who think they’re above underhanded…no, no, positive, Octavia. Erin will help out. She loves helping out! I just need to phrase it like…hey, watch it! Busy people are coming through!”
She walked around Selys, looking irritated. The Drake ignored her. Although it was the [Alchemist]’s creations she had come here for. Krshia smiled as Selys approached her counter.
“Ah, Selys. Good morning to you.”
“Hey Krshia. Can I get a stamina potion please? Uh, not a defective one.”
The Gnoll grinned at Selys.
“I tested these myself after the defective one was discovered. They are fine. That is twelve silver coins.”
“Twelve? That’s cheap…can you make change for a gold coin?”
“Hrr. Of course. But a cheap potion is cheaply sold. Miss Octavia makes them in bulk and I will admit, they are effective. If crude. You only need drink half for a good effect.”
Selys popped the vial Krshia gave her. It was indeed a small amount of liquid compared to a full-sized bottle, and true to the Gnoll’s word, the stuff was vile. Selys had tasted bad potions, but this was on another level. She gagged, but got it down. And when she did—
“Gah! That’s strong!”
It was like being smacked around by a pot’s worth of caffeine. And about as pleasant. Still, Selys felt her tired body perk up instantly. The taste probably had to do with that as well. She corked the vial and fake-retched a few times deep in her throat to try to get the taste out. Krshia offered her some water from a flask.
“Here.”
“Thanks. Ancestors, but that’s foul. Good price, though.”
The Gnoll smiled as Selys tilted the flask down, letting water splash into her mouth.
“Mm. True. But I hear that is the least of your concern today. Someone has been spending coin. Quite a lot of it, yes?”
“You heard that already?”
Krshia smiled at Selys’ dismayed expression. She tapped one ear.
“One simply has to listen. And it is a topic of much gossip, yes? And important for any [Shopkeeper] to know. But I wished to bring it up out of more than just idle chatter. Will you speak with me for a second?”
Selys lowered the water flask, perplexed. Then she had a surge of apprehension. But Krshia was older. She wouldn’t try and take advantage of Selys. Right?
“Of course.”
She stepped to one side as Krshia abandoned her stall. A customer heading towards her growled in disappointment. Krshia waved in apology, but apparently this was more important than business. Which only made Selys more wary. The Gnoll took the water flask back and drank.
“Mm. Thank you. So how shall I say this most simply? You know that I am of the Silverfang Tribe, yes, Selys?”
“Of course.”
It was in Krshia’s name. Or rather, she used her tribe’s name rather than having a formal last name like Drakes and Humans. Krshia nodded.
“Well, I am a…highly placed member in my tribe, for all I live in Liscor. You see, I am still a Plains Gnoll at heart, for all that I live in the city.”
