6.17 S
Page 22
Selys blinked. A Gnoll? Gnolls had never been on Liscor’s Council. They hadn’t even been that common in the city until…recently. Until after the Second Antinium War they’d begun appearing. Krshia and her clan. She looked at Krshia.
“No Gnoll’s ever been on the Council, Krshia. The Council is all Drakes. And they pick their replacements. Or the Guilds do, or something.”
Krshia nodded.
“That is true. Liscor has no election. Which is why I would like to change that. With your help and others. I have thought long about this and it is my decision: Liscor must have a vote. Give the city a chance to choose its leaders. And if that happens, I will ask to be elected part of the Council.”
She said it so plainly, as if she were stating facts, rather than trying to overturn Liscor’s governing system. Selys looked up at her. Krshia spoke plainly, gesturing at Selys and the City Hall in the distance.
“If I can find a way onto the Council, I would try to implement these proposals. A new dungeon tax and expanded powers for the Adventurer’s Guild and a formal request system for raw materials that might attract artisans into the city. Expanding parts of Liscor or even creating new villages to lower the rent issue—as well as establishing a maximum fee that a tenant may be charged.”
“But how—”
Krshia forestalled her, raising a furry finger.
“As for how, aside from the dungeon, I would request Antinium aid for building at low rates. They already make building cheap, yes? I do not expect the Hive to help for free—perhaps for concessions regarding the size of their Hive or allowing more Antinium aboveground? And—ending the bounty on certain monsters, such as Goblins. Would that not save the city money?”
That last part made Selys draw breath in sharply. She looked at Krshia and narrowed her eyes.
“You want Erin’s help, don’t you? You’re serious about this.”
“Have I given a sign that I was joking?”
Krshia returned Selys’ glance full of serious confidence. Selys crossed her arms warily.
“Did she talk with you about this?”
The Gnoll [Shopkeeper] grinned toothily at Selys.
“Believe it or not, some ideas can be my own, yes? This is a small…campaign. But I have the support of many of the Gnolls in Liscor and I believe that if the Council were pressed to hold elections, I and perhaps other Gnolls might win the seats.”
They could do it. If they made it an election, they might do it! Selys knew Krshia was well-liked and the Gnoll population in Liscor was at an all-time high. And Krshia’s ideas were good! Despite inner cynicism at the idea, Selys began to grow excited. Liscor’s Council would never allow it. Much less the army. But if they could do it…!
Then Selys had a thought. She looked at Krshia, confused.
“What do you need me for, Krshia?”
The Gnoll shook her head.
“Not much. Money is useful, but I and some of my friends are willing to put money behind our mouths. If you could donate a bit of gold, we could fund more gatherings with free food, perhaps rent a few taverns.”
Ah, so that was it. She’d gone about it in a roundabout way, but it came down to the same thing. For a second Selys got mad. Then she calmed down. It was a reasonable request. And this was coming from Krshia, for a cause Selys liked, rather than to buy a friend a dress or go partying. She was about to say yes. Then she hesitated. Her grandmother’s words echoed in her mind.
She didn’t have to give money for free, did she? Selys looked up at Krshia. The Gnoll was watching her. Carefully.
