6.17 S
Page 7
Warsh had noticed the sudden change in the way Selys’ tail was wagging. Her face remained the same, but her tail had stopped dead in the street. And it was beginning to curl up. But Mica, in her excitement, kept going.
“We can get dresses, go to the Tailless Thief tonight—or visit Pallass! Why not? It will be fun. And you should come. You have to come! We told everyone—”
“Mica.”
Lellia had spotted the same thing. She stomped on Mica’s foot. The Gnoll yelped, then she looked down.
“Oh.”
The three friends fell silent. They stared at Selys. She was clenching her claws so tightly she could feel her scales grinding together. She spoke levelly as she could.
“I like my job.”
No one said a word. Selys went on, looking from face to face.
“I like working with my grandmother, no matter what I say. And Warsh, you have to go to work later today. So I’m not drinking. I’m not going to a party and I don’t want a dress. I’m not in the mood. Okay?”
She met Warsh’ eyes. He didn’t meet hers. Selys was going to leave it at that. She was going to, but Mica burst out despite Lellia’s silent signals.
“Aw, come on, Selys—”
The Drake whirled and shouted in her friend’s face.
“I’m not spending my money for you, Mica! I’m not buying you a dress and I’m not paying for you and everyone we know to party! I thought we were friends!”
The Gnoll backed up. Selys took a gulp of air and realized people were staring. Lellia looked astounded. Warsh was turning red. Mica looked hurt, guilty, and then angry.
“I thought we were friends too, Selys. What’s wrong with spending some of your money? You told us you inherited it and you have more than enough to spend!”
“Mica—”
Lellia was trying to pull the [Clerk] back, but Mica was taller and stronger than her. Selys glared. What had she said at the Tailless Thief?
“It’s mine. I choose how to spend it!”
“Well—fine! Maybe you should just keep it yourself, you hoarder!”
Lellia and Warsh gasped. Selys felt her face turning crimson. She pointed a claw at Mica, who’d realized she might have gone too far. She raised a placating paw, too late.
“Selys, I didn’t meant that. I only meant—Warsh was saying—”
“You and Warsh can go eat your tails. And you, Lellia. If I see you—you know what? No. As far as I’m concerned, all three of you can—”
Selys never got to say the rest of what was boiling away in her stomach. Someone reached out and before she could speak, very quickly, but firmly, grasped her on the shoulder. It was just a touch, but instantly Selys felt a cool, calming feeling run through her. Her words died unbidden and a man, the same Human [Merchant] who’d been sitting against his wagon, stepped forwards.
“Why don’t we leave it at that? Miss Selys, good Drakes, Miss Gnoll, I think this fight won’t do more than create grudges if it goes on. And this is a public street. Let’s say you agree to part ways, for now. I think that’s wise.”
He looked around. Warsh, Mica, and Lellia stared. So did Selys. The [Merchant] was shorter than the first, middle-aged [Cloth Merchant], about Selys’ height. But he had more youth and energy about him, even if he was wearing a traveler’s garb. And his touch was still calming Selys down. He smiled at her friends.
“I think Miss Selys here will benefit from some time alone, don’t you?”
“Uh—right. Yes. come on, Mica.”
Warsh grabbed his friend. Lellia did too. They towed Mica back. Warsh half-turned. He hesitated.
“Sorry, Selys. I didn’t—”
