6.17 S
Page 0

“Ashfire Bees, huh?”
Selys shook her head as she left the Adventurer’s Guild. She’d put in her time; it was past midday, which meant she’d been working for nine hours. That also meant she’d been at the Adventurer’s Guild since dawn, but that was the life of a [Receptionist].
“Yeah. It was surprising. I didn’t know it would be so—tough—”
Maviss, walking out besides Selys, had to cover a huge yawn. She wasn’t done yet; it was just her halftime lunch break. She shook her head, her tail lazily trailing in the street behind her. That was Maviss for you; she’d spent all the time in the world working on her scales, but she’d drag her tail in mud if she was sleepy.
“Sorry. I didn’t know the Horns and the Silver Swords would struggle so much.”
“Swarm monsters surprise adventurers. Unless they’re prepared or well-rounded, they can get into lots of trouble. That’s why we’re told not to recommend nest assignments to teams with all-[Warrior] makeups. Not unless they have magical items or artifacts.”
“Mhm. I don’t ever recommend things to the teams that come in. I’m too tired.”
“Well, you’ve got four hours left. Don’t fall asleep just yet. I’m off.”
Selys was decidedly unsympathetic. Maviss shook her head, yawning again.
“How do you do it, Selys? I couldn’t do the overnight shift.”
“Years of practice. Besides, it’s Guild policy. A [Receptionist] has to be on call at all hours, even if the Guild has times when it’s closed.”
“I guess that makes sense. But we barely have enough to cover all the shifts! Ever since those two newbies quit…is Tekshia going to hire more?”
Selys grimaced. The tip of her tail slapped the cobblestones.
“She’s looking. But we need more room in our budget.”
“Whaaaat? But all that treasure from the dungeon—”
“We’re not operating under Human laws, Maviss. Liscor’s Adventurer’s Guild gets a budget. Our cut goes to Liscor’s treasury, not the Guild vaults. Which we don’t have. We get a safe and the money from the Raskghar and other dungeon expeditions will probably go to fixing the gates, the walls, paying for soldiers who got hurt or died…”
“So you’re saying we won’t get new replacements.”
“Let’s just say ours isn’t the most lucrative job around. Although it beats some. We’ll get more people in, and if we do, Grandma will give us vacations. Once they’re trained.”
“Wonderful.”
Swish, swish. Maviss’ tail was picking up dust. Selys glanced at it. As Erin had learned, you could tell how Drakes and Gnolls were feeling depending on how their tails moved. It did vary from person to person, but some signs were universal. And Maviss’ tail said she wasn’t really upset so much as very, very sleepy.
“Get some tea or you’ll fall asleep at the desk. You’re the only one working until Warsh comes in.”
“Yes, mom. Hey, do you want to have lunch together?”
“Sorry, I had a big snack an hour ago.”
“Oh. Then I’ll see you tomorrow. Hey, is it three thousand—”
“Bye, Maviss.”
Selys walked off. Maviss called something at her back, and Selys waved a hand. She wasn’t mad, really. But she knew that telling Maviss exactly how much money she had would be trouble. Not least because all of it was stored in the bottom of her dresser in her apartment. Any [Thief] would jump at the chance to rob Selys. Because Selys was rich.
