6.18 H
Page 25
He waved a hand at them. Ceria shut her mouth firmly. Olesm. Stan looked from her to Yvlon. Alais cut in.
“We’re not saying your teams didn’t fight, Yvlon. Maybe you did. Maybe you got lucky. Or maybe you ran. We can’t prove it and truth spells are tricky when everyone saw something different. But suddenly partnering up after the crypt? Suddenly finding treasure in Albez when no one’s found anything worth speaking of for nearly a decade? Working with a [Necromancer]?”
She pointed at Pisces. He’d folded his arms and was looking around. He glanced pointedly at Ceria, but she couldn’t signal him anything. All the other adventurers were just watching. But their eyes…
Stan took over, like the fatherly figure he was to so many adventurers in the area.
“If you can tell us how you got so lucky, we’ll believe you. Maybe you found a map. But if you did…where? Did you get it from the crypt? Did you, maybe, find something and not tell anyone about it? Not share it with the survivors? Or the deceased?”
“Did you leave them—”
Caddin broke off. He was trembling. So was Ceria. But she was shaking with nerves. One wrong step might lead to something very bad. Everyone was listening. She looked at Yvlon. The [Warrior] hesitated. She glanced at Ceria, then she spoke.
“There was a map.”
The stir in the room was the prelude to something. Yvlon raised her voice.
“There was a map! But it didn’t come from Liscor. It came from a Drake we met in Liscor who was part of the dungeon raid. Ksmvr joined our group by chance. I was penniless and Ceria too. She knew Pisces from Wistram. And Ksmvr we’d met. We took a chance when we discovered there might be treasure still in Albez. We took a chance, risked our lives and we found it! It was luck. It was a miracle! But we didn’t steal it from the people who died in the crypt. That was a nightmare. But I swear, I kept fighting until I thought I’d die. Ceria barely survived herself and she helped hold the undead off. I’ll swear that on any truth spell you want.”
She turned, putting a hand over her heart. No one spoke. Ceria looked at Caddin. He looked furious, still. And Alais and Stan—none of them looked like they quite believed Yvlon.
“Well? You can cast a spell! Test me!”
Yvlon shouted. Alais shook her head.
“Maybe we will. But Yvlon—it still doesn’t sit well with me.”
The armored woman rounded on her. Alais didn’t flinch from Yvlon’s furious stare.
“What doesn’t sit with you, Alais? The truth? Do you want to see my arms? I burned my armor into my bones in Albez!”
“I don’t doubt that—”
“Then what do you doubt?”
Alais crossed her arms. The air around her was crackling with more than just tension.
“You were never the sort to work with [Necromancers]. You hated them. As for Antinium—this Ksmvr thing looks safe enough, but you’re telling me the Drakes just ‘happened’ to have a map of Albez all this time? And never exploited it?”
“It was chance. He found it purely by luck.”
Yvlon ground her teeth. Alais raised her eyebrows.
“Pretty lucky to find a map of Albez in Liscor, isn’t it?”
Silence. Stan looked at Ceria. His eyes were worried and upset, but he did still look at her.
“Anything you want to add, Ceria?”
The half-Elf spread her arms helplessly.
