6.18 H
Page 32
“Come on, guys. We’re going. Ksmvr—”
Pisces was already opening the door. He began to step outside, and then stopped. Ceria saw only his still back for a second, and then the [Necromancer] slowly retreated back into the guild. And she saw his hands were raised. A man followed him with a drawn sword. He wasn’t an adventurer. Ceria’s stomach lurched as she recognized the insignia on his armor.
Celum’s City Watch. The man shouted as he kept his sword aimed at Pisces. More [Guards] streamed into the guild behind him, some holding bows, a few with wands. Most with swords, spears, axes…they advanced on the adventurers as the man with the sword bellowed into the room.
“Weapons down! Half the City Watch is right outside the guild! No one move! [Mages] with your hands behind your backs! If we so much as see a spell or undead, we’ll put a dozen arrows into you! You’re all under arrest!”
“Oh, tree rot.”
Ceria reflexively raised her hands. She kept them high as two [Mages] immediately trained their wands on her. They might be lower-level and their wands might look cheap, but a [Stone Dart] spell could still kill at this range. The other [Guards] were shouting at the adventurers, forcing them back. The [Captain] in charge kept shouting until there were a good twenty men in the room and more pouring in. Then he looked around.
“Alright! Who started it?”
The adventurers stared. It was a familiar scene. Someone had heard the fighting and called the City Watch. And they had showed up after the fighting as usual. They weren’t paid to risk their skin in a brawl. But after it? They could arrest anyone they wanted to. Ceria was grinding her teeth, ready to argue her way out. Or run if there was a chance. But then she saw the [Receptionist] push her way forwards. The woman raised her hand tremulously.
“She started it! Her and her team!”
Her hand pointed to Yvlon. Everyone looked at the [Warrior]. Yvlon turned crimson.
“I was—”
“Alright. You’re under arrest. Who else is in her team, Miss?”
The [Receptionist] flinched as Ceria shot her a glare, but she pointed. [Guards] surrounded Ceria and Pisces. The [Cryomancer] swore.
“Hold on! That’s a load of—they attacked us! All of them! We were only defending—”
“Save it! You started this brawl; you’re paying for it! And you’re spending time in our cells—I won’t have adventurers tearing up my city!”
The [Captain] shouted at Ceria. She shouted back.
“What? Pay for this mess? No way! They started the fight. Yvlon threw the first punch, but we’re—”
“Silence! Men, arrest her and toss her in jail! That one too!”
“He’s a [Necromancer]!”
“A what?”
A dozen blades were instantly thrust in Pisces’ direction. He held his hands up, eyes flashing fury. Yvlon tried to lower her hands, but a spear leveled at her throat put them back up.
“He didn’t—”
“Shut up! You’re under arrest! This isn’t a debate! Get them in chains, and if we have anti-magic cuffs, I want them on that [Necromancer]! And the half-Elf!”
“Hold on! You can’t just—”
The [Captain] ignored Ceria. And when a [Guard] forced her to her knees, the half-Elf remembered. Oh. Right. This wasn’t Liscor. This was a Human city’s City Watch. Which meant they were less professional even than Relc. And their Watch Captain was less concerned with the minutiae of who’d done what, and more concerned with less trouble. It was a refreshingly simple approach to policing. And Ceria had forgotten how much she hated it.
“That all of them?”
“No. No, you missed one!”
