6.18 H
Page 18
“I do indeed. I’m a [Crossbowman] by trade. I don’t know if you’ve ever used one, but the damn things take a bit to load. True, you can fire them fast, but there’s nothing like a good bow for speed. Except you can load a crossbow ahead of time. So if I needed to fight, I could do this—”
He raised his hand. And suddenly there was a loaded crossbow aimed at the table. Two of the younger adventurers sitting with Alais’ team swore and jerked out of their chairs, but all of the older ones just laughed. Ksmvr had frozen in place. He opened his mandibles slowly.
“I see. That is impressive. Look, Captain Ceria. I did not move. See?”
He waved a hand at her. Ceria smiled.
“Good job, Ksmvr.”
Pisces sniffed, then caught himself and looked dutifully impressed.
“I see. A bag of holding to store a preloaded crossbow. But may I be so bold, Crossbow Stan? I’ll bet you didn’t keep just one crossbow, did you?”
The veteran adventurer chortled. He flicked his hand next to the bag of holding and a second crossbow appeared, replacing the first. It was a neat trick, but the adventurers he was pointing at did not appreciate it.
“Put it away, Stan! You’ll hit someone one day! At least use an unloaded crossbow!”
“Aw, shut up, Caddin. I’ve never hit anyone yet. By accident, anyways. But you’re right, young man. That’s my specialty.”
“I assume that is a bag of holding, as Comrade Pisces said?”
Ksmvr peered at the small bag at Crossbow Stan’s side. The man nodded proudly.
“That’s right. Preloaded crossbows. I have six of ‘em. My bag can’t fit any more. Every time I had enough coin, I spent it on a better bag of holding. Not that I need a new one now; if I can’t take down what needs taking down in six shots, I might as well be dead. I guess I need better crossbows or enchanted quarrels now, but this is good enough for Silver-rank work.”
He made the second crossbow disappear quick. Ceria nodded approvingly. Stan, or Crossbow Stan as he was affectionately known, was an old man in the adventuring job. Not as old as Typhenous, but he’d stayed in the Silver-ranks because he didn’t have the punch to go any higher. That didn’t mean he was a slouch though; she’d seen him put four crossbow bolts into a charging Ogre in less than ten seconds. Ksmvr nodded.
“I admire your style of fighting. It complements your advanced age and decaying reflexes.”
“Oh, Ksmvr—”
Ceria put her head down on the table. Stan was too busy laughing to take offense.
“So this is an Antinium? It can tell jokes! And you—you’re one sharp [Mage] if you can figure out my trick, young man. Pisces, was it?”
He paused.
“I feel like I remember your name. I’m sure we haven’t met, but have you been through Celum before, sir?”
Pisces raised his eyebrows and shrugged.
“I’ve passed through once or twice, but I wasn’t an adventurer then. This is a career change. I hope I can count on you to teach me the ropes as it were.”
He shook Stan’s hand. The man smiled again.
“Pleased. Have you known Ceria and Yvlon long, Pisces?”
He glanced up at Ceria and Yvlon swiftly for some reason before looking at Pisces. The [Necromancer] gave Stan a disarming smile.
“I knew Ceria back in Wistram. We met while she was in Liscor, and I was delighted to join her team after it reformed.”
“I see. I see. Well, I just wanted to say hi. I won’t keep you. Perhaps we can have a chat later today. Is your team going to take a request today, Ceria?”
“We thought we’d look around. We’re planning on working in Celum for a bit, Stan, Alais. But we can stay and chat! How’s it been?”
