6.18 H
Page 20
“It is. But it’s easy to tell. Go put the requests back. You see, the second board there, with the three requests on it? That means someone’s taken it, but it’s an open assignment. Like gathering materials, ooh, taking out a pair of Eater Goats…checking up on a possible Troll sighting…you see? Out of courtesy we won’t take those. And if we did, we’d talk with the teams involved, reach an understanding.”
Ksmvr nodded as he re-pinned the pieces of paper he’d claimed.
“I see. I see. What is that board above it?”
“Exclusive contracts. See? Escorting a [Trader], someone wants a bodyguard…things only one team can do. But the board you took from is open game for now. It’s generally organized so the harder and riskier assignments are near the top. See? Each one has a difficulty assessment for the recommended level—as well as if you might need a certain class, like [Mage]—as well as location, pay, urgency, and so on.”
Ksmvr peered closely at the board as Ceria worked her way up to the top.
“I see. I see. Ah, Captain. We could gather Sage Grass. It pays in copper coins per pound.”
“…Not really our thing, Ksmvr. Besides, the local farms make the prices too low.”
“Would you like to hunt down some wolves?”
“How much is the pay per head?”
“Four silver coins.”
“No. Unless someone puts a substantial price on the heads of a monster, it’s generally not worth our time, Ksmvr.”
“And four silver coins is not?”
“To track wolves? We’re not [Hunters] and it could be a pain.”
“Ah. So what is our preferred assignment?”
Ceria frowned absently.
“Something that involves high risk. It generally means more pay. Plus, high-level monsters have bigger bounties. What about—oh. This…might be ours.”
Right there, at the top of the board was a bounty. And it was a good one. Twenty gold pieces and sixteen silver ones, with the potential to earn a lot more if Ceria was right. She stared at it. Ksmvr peered up at it.
“That is substantially higher than all other requests. Is it a powerful monster?”
Ceria shook her head absently. She noticed Yvlon and Pisces getting up to see. She plucked the request off the board and showed them. Yvlon frowned. Pisces raised his brows.
“Not monsters. Humans. This is a [Bandit] extermination request.”
“I didn’t know a group had popped up.”
“It must be new. Do you think we should…?”
Pisces shrugged. Ksmvr peered at the request. His antennae were twitching rapidly, which Ceria knew meant he was puzzled.
“I was unaware Humans could put bounties on each other. This changes my perception of the role of adventurers.”
“No, Ksmvr—it’s not—these are [Bandits]. Lawbreakers. We’re not [Mercenaries], but someone has to take care of [Bandits] as well as monsters. And sometimes the local City Watch or militia or [Lord] can’t handle the matter, or they do it by putting up a bounty. We get paid to take on the [Bandits]. It’s dangerous. Monsters are predictable. People aren’t.”
Yvlon nodded. She absently studied the request.
“Still, this is a twenty gold bounty.”
By her side, Pisces sniffed.
“Is that considered high, Yvlon? I would assume a single [Bandit] would be worth twenty gold pieces.”
“Well, yeah. If they were high-level. But this must be fairly low-level group. Or the bounty hasn’t risen yet. It’ll go up if they keep causing trouble. If it were the Bloodfeast Raiders, it would be…what’s their bounty?”
“Four hundred thousand gold pieces, I think. If the entire group’s destroyed, or most of them. Eighty thousand for credible information about who their members are or how they operate. Twenty thousand per head on top of that.”
