6.18 H
Page 30
Alais. Ceria shot a blast of snow, but the [Aeromancer] shot lightning back. Ceria blinked, felt a kick in her chest—
And got up from the floor, head ringing. Her armor had taken the brunt of that, but it still felt like being kicked by a horse. She got up, swearing. She was going to freeze Alias’—
“Alais! Watch out! The [Necromancer]’s aiming at you!”
Someone screamed. Alais turned. Pisces was speeding towards her. She whirled her quarterstaff and aimed the tip.
“[Electr—]”
Pisces cannoned into Alais. He didn’t bother with a spell; he just [Flash Stepped] into her and rammed her off her feet. She landed hard on the ground, winded, but she was a veteran. Her staff was still aiming at Pisces.
“[Light—]”
He kicked Alais precisely in the face. Her head snapped back, but she still tried to cast the spell. Pisces raised one finger.
“[Lightning Jolt].”
He was faster. The lightning shocked Alais, making her convulse. Pisces kicked her in the stomach, and then stepped back. Alais tried to get up, her muscles still jerking, and looked up. She screamed for a second before the undead bear sat on her. Ceria, about to shout at Pisces, stopped.
He hadn’t killed anyone. Or injured them, aside from a few punitive spells and possible some broken bones. And the undead bear had simply lain down on Alais and another adventurer rather than attack. Pisces stepped back and calmly waved at Ceria. She realized between her spells and his, they’d cleared all the [Mages] from the room.
“Over here!”
He appeared on her left and kicked a Silver-rank [Scout] in the groin. Ceria froze some more adventurers for good measure.
“How many did you get?”
“Eight?”
“I think I got ten!”
Pisces shrugged. He looked at the swearing adventurers encased in ice. Then he looked back at Yvlon.
“And I believe our Miss Byres will have ten out…that makes thirteen.”
He pointed. Ceria, panting for breath and drinking the rest of her mana potion, saw Yvlon rush another adventurer. He flipped a table over to stop her; she kicked it into him and then punched. He had armor on like her, but the wumph Yvlon’s fist made as it went into his leather-covered stomach made Ceria wince. Then she grabbed Pisces.
“Her arm! Is it—”
“It’s fine. Watch that other Silver-rank Captain. He’s trying to use his bag of holding to absorb your ice.”
Pisces pointed at Stan. The man shouted obscenities at Ceria as she thickened the ice to prevent him moving his hand to his bag of holding. Her ice was already melting, mixing with the blood on the ground. Ceria looked around, breathing hard.
“Where’s Ksmvr—”
“Safe. Watch out.”
A chair flew at both of them. Ceria ducked. Pisces raised a hand.
“[Wind Shield]. [Flying Bone Club].”
The chair bounced off a whirling shield of air. At the same time, a bone detached from the skeletal bear’s body and flew at the adventurer who’d thrown the chair. He turned to run; the bone clocked him on the back of the head. Down he went. Ceria paused to stare at the bone as it clattered to the ground.
“Was that an actual spell?”
“It worked. I think Yvlon’s finished, Ceria. We may need to stop her.”
Pisces pointed back at Yvlon. Ceria turned and saw she was the last one left standing. Quite literally; every adventurer around her was on their knees, comatose, or crawling away. Blood was dripping into Yvlon’s blonde hair and she had splinters of wood embedded in one cheek. But she was too angry to notice. And she was holding one adventurer, slamming him into one of the last tables.
“Say it again, Caddin! Say it again!”
