6.18 H
Page 24
“I see it. But it’s still moving. And if you made it like that, how’d no one else get out. Gerial? Calruz?”
This time Ceria wavered.
“Calruz did make it out.”
“Then why isn’t he—”
“He got lost in the dungeon. And he lost an arm. He’s mad now and he killed a bunch of other people. Alais, I made it out because I found somewhere to hide—”
But of course that was the wrong thing to say. Ceria bit her lip. Caddin shouted.
“Aha! You see? She hid and Yvlon ran!”
“Everyone ran!”
Yvlon burst out. She snapped at Caddin. The [Warrior] whirled, looking around the guild. She wasn’t afraid like Ceria. Yvlon looked furious.
“Spit it out, what you’re saying. Alais! Are you saying we abandoned our teams? We were all retreating. The other teams died fighting, but once that monster came out—Skinner—we knew it was impossible. So we ran. Ceria and I were lucky. Pisces and Ksmvr joined us later. What’s wrong with that?”
Alais said nothing. She just looked Yvlon up and down, uncertainly, as if she couldn’t trust a word Yvlon had just said. Stan got to his feet.
“Yvlon. Ceria. A question. After you two got out, what happened to the adventurers that died? Their families?”
“We made sure what was left was cremated. There wasn’t enough to bury and we couldn’t figure out who…we made sure the families got all the money we had left. I survived by the skin of my teeth, Stan.”
Ceria spoke through numb lips. She looked at the old adventurer. He met her eyes, searching. Then he nodded.
“I want to believe you, Ceria. And I heard the families of the deceased got something. But it’s just…a [Necromancer]? Really? And you know what they say about the Antinium.”
He held up a hand before Yvlon could shout.
“And it’s not just that. Look, we’ve talked to more survivors of that night than just you two. One of Cervial’s [Hunters] from the Flawless Flight made it this way a while back. Poor bastard had nothing left. Said Liscor’s City Watch had confiscated all of his team’s possessions and their gold was gone. The way he told it, both his team and Gerald’s went up against that boss from the dungeon first. The Silver Swords and the Horns were out of the way. He said he never saw your teams—you’d already run away.”
Ceria’s stomach twisted. Cervial and Gerald had been trying to open Skinner’s door without realizing it was already unlocked. They’d never stood a chance. Yvlon clenched her gauntleted fists.
“Say that again. Who was it who’s spreading those lies?”
Stan raised his hands slowly.
“I’m not saying I believed him. He was done as an adventurer and he was cursing Cervial and Gerald as well. Said they’d walked their teams right into a trap like fools. Which I don’t believe. But he did say that all of his team’s possessions and the loot they’d gathered were confiscated by Liscor. Is that true?”
“True. I barely had anything left. My wand was gone, and Yvlon lost everything but her armor and sword. The rest went to the adventurer’s family, honest.”
Crossbow Stan nodded. He looked at Ceria, and she realized he was staring at her side. At her wand. Slowly, he pointed at it, then at Yvlon.
“Fancy enchanted armor you’re wearing these days, Yvlon. Magical buckler on that Antinium. And Ceria’s got a new wand. Where’d it all come from?”
Ceria felt a flicker of anger at the implication. Yvlon was already furious. She snapped back.
“Albez. Did you hear about that?”
Stan nodded slowly.
“I did. And I’ve been to Albez before, many times, Yvlon. Probably before you were even born. I’ve never found more than a few trinkets. How’d you find treasure in Albez? Let alone a haul like…”
