6.18 H
Page 4
“Anyways. Where were we? Oh, right. Erin’s inn is one thing, Garia. But how in the name of tree sap did you…”
The half-Elf waved at Garia in general. The City Runner laughed again. She looked so happy. And she was clearly doing well; Ceria distinctly recalled Garia being worried about her job and how she was doing before.
“Like I said, Ceria. I got the class. [Martial Artist]. Level 14! I’ve been leveling like crazy. No one can believe how fast I’m shooting up, but I’m training every chance I get between runs. My weight’s just one change I’ve had. Look at this!”
She lifted her light tunic. Ceria blinked as she saw a very taut stomach and toned abdominal muscles. And something else she’d seen on Calruz when the Minotaur went shirtless. A six-pack of muscles.
“Oh.”
Yvlon sounded admiring. Ksmvr leaned over, looking blank.
“I do not understand what this configuration of flesh means. Comrade Pisces, please explain.”
“It shows high abdominal strength, Ksmvr. And I realize the distinction is lost on you, but I find it a quite attractive view.”
Pisces leaned over for a better look. Garia turned red and Yvlon reached over to punch him.
“No, don’t!”
The Runner girl looked pleased as she lowered her shirt. That was another change. Garia would never had been so bold. Ceria blinked as Pisces edged back from Yvlon and Ksmvr prodded his own stomach.
“So you’re really trying to be a [Martial Artist], Garia? Aren’t you a [Runner]?”
Garia took a longer drink and nodded.
“That’s right. But the two classes have great synergy. After all, both are about the body. I’m hoping I can consolidate the classes. But I have no idea what class I’d get and I’m running out of ways to improve. I do practice punches every day—and kicks as well as this dodging routine I learned—but I’m just dying to meet Ryoka again. I want to see her face—and get her to teach me how to do some flips!”
“Ryoka taught you how to do those punches? Now it makes sense.”
Yvlon sighed and rolled her eyes. Ceria nodded too.
“Of course. She took both you and Calruz on, remember, Yvlon?”
“As if I could forget. That was one way to meet her.”
The [Warrior] rubbed her cheek ruefully. Garia smiled.
“She told me about taking on Calruz with her bare fists. That’s not something I’m ever going to do, but when she visited my parent’s farm, Ryoka also taught me how to do a basic punch. She wanted me to defend myself. Honestly, I didn’t see much point in it, but she did some incredible tricks as well, so I thought—why not? My dad was all hyped up after her visit too. He practically forced me to try her punches the day after she left, and then spar. I don’t know if you’ve met him—”
“Wailant Strongheart? Doesn’t he run a really productive farm around Celum? I remember hearing about how productive his fields are.”
Yvlon looked curious. Ceria blinked at her.
“How do you know that, Yvlon?”
“I do take an interest in that kind of thing, Ceria. My family runs a number of businesses. He runs his farm practically by himself, or so I heard. Dangerous, even for a farm located close to Celum. But I take it he’s good at fighting?”
Garia smiled ruefully.
“Dad’s not alone. But you’re right. He can take care of himself. So can my mother. She’s a [Green Mage].”
“That explains it. Is your father a former adventurer, then? A soldier?”
“No. He was a [Pirate].”
Yvlon choked on her drink. Ksmvr politely patted her on the back.
“You are drowning, Yvlon.”
“Thanks, Ksmvr. A [Pirate]? You don’t hear about that every day!”
