6.18 H
Page 8
“That uh, that thing with you. That’s one of them, isn’t it? An Antinium? From Liscor?”
“That’s right.”
The man licked his lips as Ceria frowned at him.
“He’s not going to do anything, is he? I know Garia, and she’s a good girl. Er, and I know your team’s the Horns of Hammerad, right? But one of the Antinium…it’s safe, it won’t act up, right? You can promise me that?”
Ceria glared.
“Ksmvr can control himself. He’s an adventurer.”
“Right, right. I only wanted to know…”
Timbor backed up, for all he was quite a bit taller than Ceria. She debated freezing his feet to the ground, and then shook her head. If she hadn’t met Ksmvr, Pawn, and Klbkch, she might have felt the same way.
“He’s quite nice. Don’t worry. We’re not staying the night. We have an inn. Ksmvr hasn’t killed anyone there yet.”
The [Innkeeper] flushed a bit.
“Of course. Look, I didn’t mean to say…”
Ceria let him go at that. The others were laughing as she came back. Garia was telling them stories of her new adventures on the road.
“…and that’s when I realized I really was a lot better! Fals came running back up to me, and then he just stared at the dead thing on the road. He couldn’t believe it! I was going to keep running, but it turned out the bounty on the monster was worth more than my delivery!”
Yvlon chuckled at that. Pisces leaned over to Ceria as he smiled.
“She punched a Rockdevil to death.”
“What?”
The [Ice Mage] nearly spat out her drink. She stared at her full mug, and then at the [Barmaid] filling Pisces’ tankard.
“Hold on, we didn’t order—”
“Mister Timbor sent a free round around.”
“Oh.”
Ceria felt a bit bad about her sharp tongue now. Then she felt better because it was a free drink. Pisces raised his eyebrows as he watched Garia showing Yvlon and Ksmvr a scar.
“Trouble?”
“No, actually. The [Innkeeper] was just worried about Ksmvr being Ksmvr.”
“Ah.”
“That reminds me. When we go to the Adventurer’s Guild, let’s be careful. Because they have weapons and I’d hate for one of them to react badly to Ksmvr.”
“I quite agree. Although, is your guild in Celum that dangerous?”
Ceria made a face. She tried not to drink too much ale before a job, but this was free. She’d have to sober up a bit. Maybe she’d grab a sobering potion at Octavia’s before she left.
“Not really? But you never know. Look, it’s been a while, but Yvlon and I know most of the groups around here. Let’s head over after this. And when you get there, try not to mention the undead…”
She saw Pisces nod. Garia was turning to her as he sat back up in his chair.
“So Ceria! Erin’s doing well, or better, I guess. I’ll drop by and visit her. And little Mrsha too! But have you seen Ryoka around? I’m dying to talk to her, but no one’s seen her in Celum for ages! Is she running errands around the Drake cities?”
Ceria stopped drinking. She looked up. The smile faded from Yvlon’s lips. Pisces looked up as he ate one of the remaining cold fries.
“Ryoka? We haven’t seen her, Garia. Not for a long while.”
“What? I thought she was in Liscor! What about Mrsha? She was looking after her!”
The Runner looked shocked. Ceria shook her head. She looked up at Yvlon and remembered the day Ryoka had disappeared.
Regrika Blackpaw. Her mysterious mage friend. Her chasing after Ryoka—
She gave Garia a truncated version of the story. The City Runner shook her head.
“And she just left? No one told me!”
She pounded the table, making the cups and plates jump. Ceria eyed her.
“You wouldn’t have been able to help, Garia. Believe me—we ran into Regrika or whoever that Gnoll really was. She took out a Gold-rank adventurer like that.”
