6.18 H
Page 6
“I don’t know about all that. But I’m just so happy I got the class. It’s not the only Skill I got of course—I learned a few techniques too! I can do a really fast kick, I have a dodging Skill—and I’m a lot faster on my feet! But that’s just because of the weight loss. I can’t wait to see what other Skills I get, though. So I’m learning all I can about my class. But Ceria and Pisces are right. There’s practically no one with this class in Izril.”
“Huh. So what will you do?”
Garia shrugged.
“I’m trying to see if there are any [Martial Artists] or people with similar classes among the adventurers on the continent. There probably are, and I’ll see if I can talk to them and if they’re willing to share. Aside from that, I do my research. [Mages] know a lot, you see, and experienced travellers from Chandrar are helpful. If I could go to a larger city or a port…oh, and you’re wrong about [Martial Artists], Ceria. Just a tiny bit.”
“Oh? How?”
“Weapons are actually part of the fighting styles [Martial Artists] use. You see, it’s about the attitude and…discipline? The point is, some use hands and feet, but there are entire styles that take other body parts into account. Also, there are groups of [Martial Artists] in Chandrar too, Pisces. There’s this famous nation called Pomle and I was trying to see if I could send a [Message] spell there, but they don’t even have a Mage’s Guild.”
Garia sighed. Pisces sniffed.
“I knew that. I was simply referring to the practice in a broader cultural sense, not minorities by continent—”
“Shut up, Pisces. She’s more of an expert than you.”
Ceria smiled at Garia, privately delighted. The City Runner grinned at Pisces.
“Well, I have done my research. But if you know anything Pisces, I’d love to find out more. There really aren’t any experts around. Oh, there are [Brawlers], and I’ve heard of [Fist Fighters], but they’re completely different. I did hear a rumor about a…[Mage] in Pallass? He apparently trains his body. And doesn’t Erin’s inn have a door to Pallass?”
She looked hopefully at Pisces. So did Ceria, although the comment wiggled at a part of her memory. But she didn’t keep her ear to the door like Pisces did with his constant spying. She was more of an expert on adventuring and uh…half-Elves. He nodded at last.
“I believe I know the [Mage] you’re referring to, Miss Strongheart.”
“Garia.”
“Miss Stronghear—”
The young woman reached over and poked Pisces. His chair rocked a bit.
“Garia.”
Yvlon was smiling. Pisces blinked twice.
“…Garia. The Drake in question is known as Grimalkin. I’m familiar with a few particulars about him; he didn’t attend Wistram, but he did visit the academy…hm. He graduated from Fissival, but his ah, unique beliefs make him a pariah in the magical community. However, I believe his theories are sound, if excessive. Ceria, you might remember him. He’s the one who challenged an Archmage to a duel.”
The half-Elf snapped her fingers.
“Him? I remember that!”
“Someone challenged an Archmage of Wistram?”
The others leaned forwards. Ceria nodded.
“Two years after I left Wistram with Pisces. I remember hearing all about it. He lost, didn’t he?”
Pisces sniffed.
“Of course. He isn’t a high enough leveled [Mage] to beat any of the current Archmages. I believe he was up against Archmage Feor, a bad matchup, given Feor’s extensive abilities to control a duel.”
“Right, right. Good thing he wasn’t up against Amerys, though. She does not hold back.”
Pisces’ lips twitched as Yvlon, Ksmvr, and Garia all looked blank.
