6.18 H
Page 26
“Yvlon’s telling the truth. I don’t know how to prove it besides swearing on truth spells, Stan. Either you believe us or you don’t. I know you can look at it bad, but we earned our treasure separately from the crypt. Maybe one’s tied to the other. If I hadn’t survived and met Ksmvr when I did, I wouldn’t have been tipped off to Albez. But we didn’t steal from the dead. We ran, but there was no choice. If you’d been there, you would have seen it. I lost this hand trying to stop the undead. Believe me.”
She raised her skeletal hand and showed Stan that. He nodded slowly.
“I’m trying, Ceria. But you have to understand us. Even if what you said was true. Even if it’s on a level, all of it…it’s hard to look at you or Yvlon.”
“Me? Why…?”
“Because your team was the one that brought everyone to Liscor. The Horns helped convince the others. And Yvlon—you were a team captain. You lost your entire team. And you walk in part of a new one? You think it’s that easy?”
Caddin spat on the ground. Ceria stared down at the wet mark on the floorboards. Yvlon glared at Caddin.
“People have lost friends before. Stan! You lost two thirds of your team when I was a rookie! And Alais, you’ve lost at least six members!”
“Yes. I did. But this is different.”
The woman crossed her arms defensively. Stan on the other hand looked troubled. And Ceria remembered that he’d stayed far away from the guild for a long time after that disaster. She looked at Yvlon. How easy would it have been if it were Stan coming back wearing new magical artifacts and a new team after…?
“Yvlon. I get their point.”
The woman rounded on Ceria. The [Ice Mage] glared at her and Yvlon hesitated.
“I get it, Yvlon. It’s not true, but they’re upset. They have every right to be. We…lost our teams. We can explain, but it doesn’t change what happened. And working together…I get that too.”
She looked back at Alais and Stan. They nodded. Ceria turned. Ksmvr was still seated, silently watching. She wondered how much he understood. Pisces was aloof, coldly looking around.
“Look, if anyone’s not convinced, get a [Mage] with a truth spell. Or come to The Wandering Inn and find us there. We’ll tell you what happened as many times as it takes. For now…we’re not going to stick around. Just think about what we said. As for this—”
Ceria walked back to Ksmvr and held out a hand. The Antinium handed her the bounty on the [Bandits]. Ceria brought it over to the [Receptionist]’s desk. The woman stared silently at her.
“I’d like to take this request, please. Can you note that we’re trying to complete it?”
The woman stared at her. She stared at the bounty. Behind Ceria, someone laughed incredulously.
“By yourselves? Are you mad?”
Ceria turned her head slowly. She spoke very deliberately to Caddin.
“We can handle it.”
“You’re not getting any help from us.”
He gave her a disgusted look. Ceria turned her back on him, clenching both hands.
“We don’t need it. Like it or not, Caddin, we got stronger after Liscor. We leveled.”
“By taking the treasure you found from Albez. I didn’t see you sharing it with any of the families that died.”
The [Receptionist] jumped as Ceria slammed her hands on the table and turned.
“We had a fund! They got what we could give! Are we supposed to give everything to them? We didn’t even get that—”
She broke off. Ceria turned away.
“Forget it. Let’s go. Ksmvr! Pisces, we’re leaving! Come on. Yvlon, you too.”
She walked towards the door. A few adventurers blocked Pisces’ way.
“How do we know this [Necromancer] isn’t using corpses from our graveyards? Or he isn’t responsible for the undead?”
