6.18 H
Page 22
He shot to his feet, knocking his chair back. Ceria blinked at him. His face was flushed. And she realized he hadn’t so much as smiled at her once, or spoken to her beyond that first meeting. She looked at Alais. The [Aeromancer] avoided looking at Ceria as well. She grabbed Caddin’s arm and tried to pull him down.
“Caddin, drop it.”
“No! If you and Stan aren’t going to say it, I will. Look! She doesn’t even get it. Not her, or Yvlon. Does her team know?”
Caddin shook Alais off him. He shoved back from the table and strode around Ceria. She realized the room was silent. Caddin pointed furiously at Yvlon as he stopped in front of Pisces and Ksmvr.
“You, Pisces. And you…Antinium. Do you know what those two did?”
Pisces raised his eyebrows.
“What do you mean by that?”
Suddenly, Ceria had an unpleasant feeling. A horrible sinking in her stomach. She thought she knew why Caddin was so angry. She looked at Alais and Stain. Neither team captain met her eyes. Caddin clenched his fist.
“I mean, do you know what happened to their previous teams, Mister Pisces? Or do you not care? And what about that Antinium thing?”
“Ksmvr.”
“Does he know? Or did they recruit him because no one else would work with them? Yvlon and Ceria. They both lost their teams. Both of them! And Yvlon was a captain! She lost her entire team, the Silver Swords! And all of the Horns of Hammerad died but Ceria! Did you hear about that?”
Ceria went pale. Yvlon had gone white. Pisces blinked at Caddin. He looked around and his gaze focused on the silent room. He narrowed his eyes for a moment and then turned carefully to Caddin. Innocently, he spread his hands.
“I am aware Ceria lost her team. How could I not be?”
“Then—how could you—”
The Silver-rank adventurer spluttered. Pisces paused. His eyes darted to Ceria’s face.
“I know it was a tragic accident. A dungeon dive gone wrong. But surely that wasn’t Ceria’s fault. Or Yvlon’s. Adventuring is a terrible business.”
Pisces’ voice was smooth and reasonable, even sympathetic. Caddin choked.
“But I heard—”
Pisces gripped his shoulder.
“Please, friend. Let me explain what I heard as someone who was there. You see, I know my friend. And believe me, Liscor’s dungeon was truly terrible. I don’t know what rumors have passed this way—”
“More than rumors. There was a man…”
“Even so, was he a witness? Because I was. And let me just say first—”
Ceria felt herself begin breathing again. Pisces was trying to steer Caddin back to the table, speaking in a carrying voice. So that was why…she looked at Stan and Alais. She had to clear whatever misinformation they’d been spread. Both were listening to Pisces, which was a relief. But Stan was rubbing at his head, looking very perplexed.
“Pisces. I thought I knew the name. Where did I…?”
“Let’s sit. Is there a drink I can buy? I’ll clear the air. But first, what is my friend accused of? Yvlon? She’s quite honorable, friend Caddin. And when her team went into the dungeon—”
Crossbow Stan abruptly got up. He pointed a trembling finger at Pisces. The [Necromancer] broke off and Ceria felt a lurch in her stomach. Oh no. She sensed what was about to happen.
“Dungeon. You mean crypt. And I remember that name. Pisces. Someone’s looking for you. And you lied.”
“Excuse me?”
Pisces turned, but his posture was suddenly wary. Stan shook his head. He raised his voice until it was almost a shout.
“You’re not a [Mage]. You’re a [Necromancer]! A filthy [Necromancer]!”
