6.18 H
Page 21
Yvlon whistled. Ceria shook her head.
“A bit more than our pay grade. But this? We could do this.”
“For twenty gold pieces…”
Pisces sniffed. Ceria frowned at him.
“It’s a lot more if one of the [Bandits] has an individual bounty. What’s this say? There are about thirty of them? We can keep any money they’ve stolen usually and sell their gear.”
“How charitable. But thirty individuals is a considerable risk.”
“You’ve got that right!”
Someone called out. Ceria turned and saw more than a few adventurers had been listening. Stan waved at them from their table. He was frowning as he pointed at the paper in Ksmvr’s hand.
“Ceria, I’d stay clear of that one. Me and Alais were talking about clearing it with a few other teams, but the gold reward isn’t high enough, even if we can keep their possessions. The bandit group that’s referring to isn’t hard to find—but they’re dangerous. They’ve got at least two [Mages] and a leader. Some kind of [Bandit Chief]. My group ran into some of them a while back. They tangled with a few patrols, raided a caravan…there used to be more, but they killed several adventuring groups and quite a number of [Guards] and people in outlying villages.”
“Jeeze. How’d your team get away?”
Stan shook his head.
“We ran for it. It was only fifteen we ran into and they weren’t after us. I shot two; Lailli got knocked off her horse. That’s how she broke her foot. I wouldn’t take them on without outnumbering them. We do know where they’re probably camped, but no one’s had the guts to go after them yet.”
The Horns looked quickly at each other. Yvlon raised her brows and Ceria nodded quickly.
“Really? Then maybe we can join you, Stan. We wouldn’t even need that many teams. With your group and Thunder’s Solace if you’re willing, Alais, we could probably take on that [Bandit] group.”
Caddin snorted.
“You insane, Springwalker? There’s, what, fourteen of us if we combine forces? Not counting Lailli. There’s around thirty of the [Bandits], probably more.”
“If we know where they’re at…how reliable is the intel, Stan? We can set a trap. And believe me, between our team, I’m sure we can handle a good number.”
Ceria looked at Pisces and Yvlon. If they were low-level [Bandits]…Yvlon put her hand on her sword and Pisces smiled. She could practically see him plotting how to use his Bone Horror to greatest effect. Ceria turned back to Stan, but the older adventurer wasn’t jumping at the idea.
“I don’t know, Ceria. We’d like that bounty, but working together’s a bit…”
“Come on, Stan. We’ve known each other for years. Trust us. We’re a lot higher-level than you remember. Me and Yvlon have new gear too, and Pisces and Ksmvr are good, for all they’re newbies.”
The half-Elf came over to the table and leaned over, trying to persuade Stan. Caddin, sitting next to the man, snorted.
“We know about your gear, Ceria. That’s not it.”
“What, then? Our experience? We’ve fought a lot worse than [Bandits], Caddin.”
Ceria looked at the young man, confused. He scowled up at her.
“Don’t play dumb. You know exactly what I’m talking about. Do you think we’d join with you? Really?”
His tone was very hostile. Ceria stared at him.
“Caddin, I don’t get it. What’s wrong?”
“What’s wrong? You just stride in here and ask what’s wrong? Don’t you know? Or don’t you remember?”
