6.18 H
Page 5
“No. But that’s an entire story…anyways, my dad’s still really good with a sword. And his fists. He kept egging me to become an adventurer and learn how to fight. I’m no good with a weapon, though. After Ryoka left he made me do a hundred of her punches exactly like she did, and then tried to get me to spar. Normally I can’t even touch him, but he kept egging me on. And then I threw one of Ryoka’s punches and got lucky and—”
Garia spread her hands helplessly. Ceria winced. Pisces frowned. He leaned over to Ceria.
“Ceria. Correct me if I’m mistaken, but wasn’t Garia in the possession of the ah, [Enhanced Strength] Skill?”
“Yup.”
Pisces winced. So did Yvlon.
“Ouch.”
Ksmvr looked up.
“Ah. That Skill is a more potent version of [Lesser Strength], is it not? I thought it was difficult to acquire for [Warriors], though.”
Yvlon dabbed at her mouth with a handkerchief.
“Rare, yes. I wish I had it. But it’s more common for [Farmers].”
“And I was one until I quit. It’s one of the reasons I was so big growing up, or so my mother always said. And I got a solid hit on my dad during that sparring session.”
Garia waved a hand. Ksmvr stared blankly at her. Ceria smiled slightly.
“Ksmvr, it’s not a complete comparison, but remember Calruz? Imagine him hitting you as hard as he could. He’s probably a bit stronger, but I remember a guy with [Enhanced Strength] nearly knocked him flat in a bar brawl one time.”
“Ah. I see. The potential for bodily harm rises. Commendable.”
Garia shook her head.
“I didn’t hurt my dad that bad. But I did knock him out. It was a lucky shot to the head, but still. I can’t tell you how good that felt! I’ve never so much as touched him when he didn’t want me to. That night I gained the [Martial Artist] class. And I decided that if I could knock my father out, a good punch would do just as well for any [Bandit] I met. Or monster! So I kept practicing off-and-on. And then I got to Level 6 and I realized what my class could do for me.”
She indicated her body. Ceria frowned.
“So you got a Skill and you could just lose weight? Like that? Isn’t that insanely powerful?”
Yvlon nodded.
“I know dozens of [Ladies] who’d kill for a Skill like that, Garia. Literally kill.”
“Well, they can learn to do a few punches and see if they get it. I don’t think it’s a powerful Skill by the standards of my class, you see. It just helps me lose weight, which is what I wanted. I guess that’s why I got it?”
She looked around the table for confirmation. Pisces nodded. Somehow he’d signaled for another plate of fries, unabashedly putting it on Garia’s tab.
“Indeed. It’s a well-known phenomenon that classes and Skills are acquired often in line with the user’s desires. I myself don’t have any Skills involving the summoning of flesh-based undead, for instance.”
“Silver and steel, Pisces. Of all the things to say while we’re eating.”
Yvlon glared. Pisces raised a hand.
“I merely bring it up as a point of reference. I much prefer skeletons to zombies, you see. Rotting flesh is so…unrefined.”
“It also carries disease. I am contributing this fact to the conversation.”
“Thank you, Ksmvr.”
The Antinium beamed. Garia looked around.
