6.18 H
Page 19
“Oh, you know. The same sort of assignments. There was a bit of a flood of monsters after Lord Tyrion’s army passed through, as well as those damn Goblins. Critters from the High Passes came out; we had to kill a good number of Carn Wolves and Eater Goats and a few other nasties. Not worth taking up time, with.”
This time both Ceria and Yvlon frowned. Stan and Alais? The man looked down at the [Aeromancer] and cleared his throat. She stood up.
“I don’t want to take up your time if you’re going to work. It’s already midday. We’ll catch your team later, Ceria. Where are you staying?”
“The Wandering Inn. You know it?”
“That inn in Liscor? I’d heard it was in Stitchworks, but I’ve never been. Never wanted to go to a Drake city and besides…but we’ll maybe pop by. I’d like to chat with Pisces about magic if I may.”
Stan nodded.
“Right. We’ll catch up later. Ceria, Yvlon. Good to see you again.”
He turned and returned to his table. And for some reason, Thunder’s Solace vacated their table to join him. Ceria stared at them and bit her lip for a second. She turned to Yvlon.
“That was a bit abrupt.”
The [Warrior] gave her a crooked smile as she watched the other adventurers go.
“They must be thinking about Liscor.”
“Think they don’t want to talk about Calruz and the others? I was ready for it.”
“They might be trying to spare our feelings. They noticed your hand. We can tell them it’s okay to talk about later.”
“Right.”
Ceria shook herself. You couldn’t be too considerate in this line of work. She appreciated it, but Alais and Stan had both experienced losing teammates before. She looked around.
“I guess we’ll tell the [Receptionist] how long we’re staying and that we’ll work around Celum for…a few days? Ah, Ksmvr, that’s something teams like to do. It helps if someone wants to hire us and the guild can keep track of the teams in the area in case of emergencies. You take a seat or check out the job board. I’ll be a moment.”
She got up. And the other adventurers got back to their seats or their discussions, although some still stared at Ksmvr. And Ceria and Yvlon, but that was only to be expected. The hubbub returned, but quieter. Ceria supposed the other teams were sizing their reformed party up. She approached the [Receptionist].
“Hi there. I’m Ceria Springwalker and I lead the Horns of Hammerad…”
The woman at the desk blinked at her. Ceria had to repeat herself a few times; whoever the [Receptionist] was, she wasn’t on the ball today. When she finally got back to her table she had another surprise. Ksmvr was sitting with Pisces and Yvlon. He had a full stack of the papers from the board on the far wall. Yvlon was trying to make him put them back.
“But Yvlon, we can easily clear all these requests. If we do ten today, and twenty tomorrow…”
“Ksmvr, did you steal all the requests from the board?”
Ceria was scandalized. Ksmvr’s mandibles drooped as he looked up.
“Have I committed another social error?”
“A small one.”
Yvlon sighed. She pointed at the now-bare job board at the back of the guild.
“Ksmvr, there’s a few unspoken rules in the Adventurer’s Guild. One of them is that it’s not polite to take all the requests. You can do it, but you lose a lot of friends that way. And if another group takes a request, stealing their mission is also bad sport.”
Ksmvr looked from her to Ceria. Pisces was yawning as he looked around the room; none of this was news to him.
“Oh. But how is it determined whose request is taken? This system is largely unintuitive.”
Ceria smiled.
