6.18 H
Page 12
Gaining six levels in as many months was fast leveling at this stage. Even if Erin was…well, she didn’t count. And [Mages] at Level 30 or higher were nothing to sneeze at. Come to think of it—Ceria eyed Pisces. If he didn’t have the restrictions placed on him by Liscor and Celum’s laws regarding undead, could he have a small army of undead following him around like he’d said?
But Ksmvr was the priority to cheer up right now. Pisces placed a hand on Ksmvr’s shoulder in an uncharacteristic display of warmth.
“Ah, Ksmvr. Don’t despair over your lack of levels. I understand the Antinium level slowly. You should regard your inferiority not as a mark of failure, but as a byproduct of being in the company of the truly gifted.”
“That is true. I am quite inferior.”
The [Necromancer] sighed.
“That is not quite what I…one’s competence does not merely reside in their level, Ksmvr. In time you will rise to something approaching my competence. I am sure you will eventually outstrip Springwalker and Miss Byres.”
Both of them glared at Pisces, but he was doing his best. The [Necromancer] paused as if he’d just had a thought. He turned to Ksmvr.
“Besides which, you are barely three years old.”
Yvlon tripped. It was a full-body thud which attracted every head. And it must have hurt. But she was on her feet moments later.
“You’re how old, Ksmvr?”
The former Prognugator scratched at an antenna.
“Three. I was created in secret by my Queen as a replacement Prognugator in case of Revalantor Klbkch’s injury. I understand you are trying to cheer me up, Comrade Pisces, but I was considered fully trained by my Queen’s standards after two years since my creation.”
“Ah, but friend Ksmvr, Captain Ceria and I took er, at least a decade of training to reach our levels.”
Pisces put his arm around Ksmvr’s shoulder. Ceria and Yvlon were too busy waving silently at each other to interject. The Antinium brightened.
“Truly?”
The young man nodded grandly.
“The maturation of Humans, half-Elves, and other species is much slower. Now, I grant you, it would still have taken you quite a long time to reach our level. But your current failing can be excused. I’m sure Ceria would agree with me.”
He glanced pointedly at Ceria. She stopped dancing about and cleared her throat.
“Er, yes. Of course. You’re one of us, Ksmvr. And you’re quite accomplished. For a three-year old. Pisces. You didn’t mention that to us.”
Behind Ksmvr, Yvlon made a fist. The [Necromancer]’s smile turned glassy.
“What? Well, it’s perfectly natural for Antinium…”
“Still, you didn’t think it was important?”
“The lifespan of Antinium…”
Ksmvr held up a hand as he looked back at Ceria.
“Captain Ceria, I am fully aware of your complaint and prepared to address it.”
“Oh? Go on, Ksmvr.”
He nodded.
“I am aware that you know of the average lifespan of Workers is only around two years in length. However, I would like to hasten to assure you that this is not a biological clock in any way, but merely a byproduct of high mortality rates owing to monster invasion, drowning, and accidents in the Hive. My body will not begin to deteriorate in quality owing to my age for at least a decade.”
“Oh.”
“Please do not be angry at Comrade Pisces. He merely sought to keep my advanced age a secret to avoid embarrassing me. You see, the Prognugator of a Hive must be trained, for years, whereas Workers and Soldiers are practically fully competent moments after being created. I had to learn to use weaponry, study tactics, history…”
Ceria sighed.
