6.19 H
Page 24
“I’ve got him! I’ve g—”
The [Swordsman] stopped. He stared. Ksmvr looked down at his side.
“Huh.”
The magical blade was lodged in Ksmvr’s side. It had cut into his carapace. But not deep. The magic blade was—stuck. The [Swordsman] tried to slice through Ksmvr. But he couldn’t. And when he tried to pull the blade out he failed.
Ksmvr lashed out with his shortsword and dagger. The [Swordsman] made the mistake of trying to hold onto his weapon; the shortsword flashed down and he stumbled back, screaming as his stump of a hand squirted blood. He ran as Ksmvr swung at him. Ksmvr dropped the Flamespread dagger and felt urgently at his side. The blood—there wasn’t much blood. How? That sword was magical. How…?
Ksmvr stared at his hand. Three rings flashed at him. Ring of Jumping. Ring of Shatterbolt. And…
“Ah. My Ring of [Barkskin]. I’d nearly forgotten about it. Thank you for reminding me.”
He straightened. An arrow struck him in the shoulder. The tip buried itself in his shoulder. But it only lodged in the outer layer of his carapace. Ksmvr looked around.
There were still nearly twenty of them. The [Swordsman] was drinking down a healing potion, clutching at his hand. They retreated towards the cave.
“Hold it back. It’s got some kind of protective enchantment. We need to bash it’s brains in. Just hold the cave. It can’t jump in there…”
The [Swordsman] was sobbing. The [Bandits] retreated, watching the Antinium walk slowly towards them. It was blocking the arrows with its shield. But it hadn’t pulled out its shortbow.
“We can kill it. There’s just one. There’s just one. Get the warhammers. Get ropes! We’ll surround it.”
The [Swordsman] ordered desperately as he clutched a plain shortsword with his offhand. The others hesitated. The [Swordsman]’s face was pale and he’d lost his good hand. He wouldn’t lead after this. But he would help them kill the Antinium who’d stolen his hand. They dropped their blades, grabbed mallets and hammers and ropes, set themselves at the entrance to the cave. It was a good strategy. It would work. It would have worked. But as they waited, tense, silent, they realized something.
The Antinium had vanished. He’d slipped out of sight while they retreated. And something else had happened. Something terrible.
It was simple. The sun had set.
And suddenly—it was dark. The [Bandits] stood together in the cave as blood dried and sweat turned to ice. They looked at each other.
Suddenly, it was very dark. The sun had disappeared behind the High Passes. And in its absence, they were suddenly blind. The [Swordsman] looked around.
“S-someone get a torch. Or a [Light] spell—”
“Yimmie’s dead. So is Freezy.”
One of the others muttered in the darkness. Someone else fumbled for a torch, cursing.
“Anyone got a fire spell? I’ve got a flint.”
There was a spark of light. A torch flared up. At the same time, a blur of motion shot towards the entrance. Someone shouted.
“Watch out!”
Something leapt over the heads of the people in the front of the cave. The [Bandits] recoiled, striking at each other, at shadows. There was a scream. The blossom of light jerked and fell. The men and women shouted in horror and someone snatched at the torch. More light bloomed. A [Light] spell. There was a silhouette. The [Bandit] shrieked as Ksmvr dashed at her.
“Help me! Hel—”
An impact. A gurgling sound; the [Bandits] around her slashed wildly, but Ksmvr was gone. They backed up, holding their torches, shouting at the others.
“It’s in the cave! It’s in the cave—”
“Get out! Run!”
“No, stick together—we can box it in! Don’t run, don’t—”
