6.19 H
Page 4
“He’s told you a half truth, Ksmvr. Pisces probably did get in a lot of trouble for being a [Necromancer], but his ‘menial crimes’ probably were a bit worse than that. And yes, he might get roughed up pretty bad if people found out what he is, so it’s a legitimate concern. But the only time it would be a death sentence is in a Drake city. And even then, not for a brawl.”
She looked meaningfully at Pisces. The tips of his ears were red as he nodded.
“A slight exaggeration, Ksmvr. I…apologize. In my defense, I was recounting stories to him.”
He glanced at Ceria. The half-Elf bit her lip. She wasn’t sure whether she should laugh or not. She instead looked at Ksmvr.
“What did you mean, ‘extreme risk’, Ksmvr? It’s just a lie. And a darn good one. You can spring us out of jail with it, right?”
Ksmvr nodded.
“No doubt, Captain Ceria. However, if the issue is not a life-or-death matter, I would hesitate to do so and in fact urge that I do not. Because it may turn the issue into a deadly matter. For us. You see, if my former Hive finds out I have claimed Prognugator status, they may attempt to seize and execute me as well as my team. Revalantor Klbkch would not hesitate to do so, I think.”
Ceria’s mouth fell open in horror. Her eyes slid sideways to Yvlon and Pisces.
“He—he wouldn’t do that, right?”
The Antinium shook his head seriously.
“I am not a Prognugator. To claim otherwise is one of the most serious affronts I could make to the Hive. I have no doubt I would be executed if he had overheard what I claimed. Recall that I threatened war with all of the Antinium.”
When he put it like that…Ceria gulped.
“Okay, scratch getting us out. It would look bad after you agreed to arrest us. And that might make Celum issue a complaint. And if they do…”
She looked at her teammates. Yvlon and Pisces nodded rapidly.
“One night’s fine. A fee’s welcome.”
“I relish squatting in this squalid, stinking hole of a cell.”
“What they said. You did good, Ksmvr. At least we didn’t earn a beating. Which we would have done with Pisces’ tongue. And at least we won that fight. Although…”
The half-Elf sighed. She looked at Yvlon. The woman was sitting down, rubbing at her arms and not meeting her eye or anyone else’s. Ceria hesitated.
“…We’ll have to talk out why it started.”
“I see. Should I be arrested to partake in this conversation?”
Ksmvr looked from Yvlon to the cell. Ceria shook her head.
“No, no, the last thing we need is more trouble. You just…stay out of trouble. Okay, Ksmvr? Maybe go back to Erin’s inn, alright? Let her know what—no, you know what? Don’t tell Erin what happened unless something worse occurs. Just go back, have a drink…we’ll be out in the morning.”
Ksmvr nodded obediently.
“Yes, Captain Ceria. But what about our request?”
Ceria’s mind went blank as she tried to recall.
“Our what? Oh. The [Bandits]. They’ll keep a day. Don’t worry. We’ll jump on it when we’re out.”
Pisces sniffed.
“A menial task. But one that is worth twenty gold pieces plus loot…hardly worth the cost of sitting a night in jail. But as that is a separate matter…Ksmvr, here. Take this.”
He had been busy fiddling with his hands and his belt. Now, to Ceria’s surprise, she saw him pluck a ring off his finger and hand it to Ksmvr along with his personal bag of holding. She eyed him with great surprise.
“What’s that for?”
