6.19 H
Page 26
Ksmvr looked up as he trudged into the guild. His body was covered with mud and dust. And blood. Dried green blood spattered his armor. He had a few cuts, but the rest were healed. He swayed and stood straighter.
“Me.”
Crossbow Stan got up and strode towards him. His fists were clenched.
“You’ve got some nerve coming here after—”
He stared at Ksmvr.
“What in the hells happened to you?”
“I completed the request. I killed the [Bandits].”
Ksmvr walked past Crossbow Stan. The man stared at him in shock, then outrage.
“You? You’re kidding. You couldn’t have killed—there are at least thirty—hey! Where were you last night? We told you—”
He grabbed Ksmvr’s shoulder. The Antinium stopped.
“Let go of me please.”
“Not until you—”
Ksmvr drew his shortsword. The other adventurers looked up. Stan stepped back. The Antinium turned his head. Alais was on her feet.
“Thank you. Now, excuse me.”
He walked up to the [Receptionist]’s desk. The woman eyed him with apprehension and ill-concealed distaste.
“I can’t just give a bounty out for someone who claims to have killed [Bandits]. You need proof. And I’ll have to test you with a [Detect Lies] spell. Besides, like Mister Stan said, the [Bandits] are at least—”
Ksmvr reached for his bag of holding. He placed it on the counter, then looked around. He eyed the counter and shook his head. The Antinium trudged over to a table and dragged it over. The adventurers winced at the screech of wood on wood. Ksmvr stopped the desk in front of the counter.
“This is enough surface area. Here is my proof.”
He reached into the bag of holding and pulled out a severed head. The [Receptionist] recoiled and then screamed. The Drake’s vacant, lolling head stared at her. The head was bloodless. Ksmvr placed it neatly on the table.
“You—that—”
“What did you do?”
Alais grabbed her wand and pointed it at Ksmvr. He turned.
“The request. Wait until I’ve finished, please.”
He reached into the bag of holding. Another head appeared. The room recoiled. A Human woman stared blankly at Ksmvr. And then a man. A young man, a girl…
“Dead gods.”
Crossbow Stan backed up. Ksmvr kept pulling heads out of the bag. One, two, three, four…ten…twenty…twenty nine. He piled them up. And then he turned.
“There.”
The adventurers stared. Stan stared at the Drake’s head. The [Receptionist] had backed away as far as possible, shaking and trying to climb over her desk and away.
“That—that Drake. I recognize that one. And—and that one. That’s the [Bandit Leader]. And that one—that’s their [Mage]. Freezer.”
He pointed at one of the heads on top of the pile. Ksmvr nodded. His voice was loud as he turned back to the [Receptionist].
“Thank you for the confirmation, Captain Stan. However, I will readily submit to a truth detection spell to prove all of these individuals were [Bandits]. I hope this is sufficient proof, though.”
He looked at the woman. She was shaking so hard she couldn’t formulate a reply. She made a shaky animal noise. Ksmvr stared at her.
“Is this sufficient?”
“I—you—y—th—”
The Antinium looked at her. Then he leaned over the table.
“Thirteen hours.”
The [Receptionist] froze. Ksmvr spoke slowly.
“Thirteen hours after defeating the [Bandits]. That is how long it took to collect the bodies, create a pyre for disposal, remove the heads, burn them, collect their gear, reclaim my horse which had wandered off, set the others free, and ride back here. Thirteen hours. I have imbibed two stamina potions. My wounds have yet to fully heal. I have had inadequate sustenance. I am hungry. I am tired. I am in a bad mood. Is this sufficient?”
“Yes!”
