6.19 H
Page 30
“You were. Really. But Ceria’s right. We do things as a team. If you wanted to prove you can hold your own…you definitely did that.”
“Thank you. Thank…you for saying that.”
“Indeed. You must discuss your tactics. I observed some of it. Fine work using all of your magical artifacts. Ceria, Yvlon, I will readily admit that Ksmvr’s strategy outstripped our own. And his Ring of Jumping—we have severely underestimated the mobility it affords.”
“Really? Ksmvr can tell us over drinks, then. Oh, damn. We stood Garia up!”
“We can invite her as an apology.”
“Indeed. I must also confess I tricked both Captain Stan and Captain Alais yesterday.”
“Seriously? Ksmvr, I could kiss you.”
“…Okay? But I have an announcement to make.”
“Let’s hear it.”
“Indeed.”
“I have obtained the [Skirmisher] class as a result of my reaching Level 20.”
“Ksmvr!”
“Well done!”
“Indeed. Quite appropriate…don’t poke me! I’m being genuine.”
“Sorry. Couldn’t tell.”
“Ahem. May I finish? I have also received the [Quick Movement] Skill along with an evasion Skill. I believe this, combined with my Ring of Jumping, will expedite new tactics that…Yvlon, you are hugging me tightly. Yvlon? I am having trouble breathing. Oh, Captain Ceria?”
That was all. There was more, but that was enough. The Horns walked back together, talking, laughing, smiling. A team, however fragile.
And in the Adventurer’s Guild, as a [Laborer] earned one of the most unpleasant hauling jobs in his lifetime, a [Receptionist] hurried out of the guild. She made a beeline for the Mage’s Guild and sent a [Message]. It was one of eight, all with the same content. All with the same intended recipient. The [Messages] read something like this:
 
The [Necromancer] known as Pisces and [Ice Mage] Ceria Springwalker are both present in Celum, travelling in the Silver-rank team, Horns of Hammerad. Please send to current location of Wistram group led by Mage Montressa du Valeross to claim five gold coin reward.
 
Naturally, only the first sender got the reward. It was cruel, but that was how it worked. Anyways, Ksmvr didn’t care. He was eating a celebratory cake. It was a very good day for him.
 

