6.19 H
Page 29
For some reason, that didn’t really help matters. But Captain Ceria had taken over the conversation and aided by a [Detect Lies] spell and the expedient of pointing at the heads and saying ‘are those the [Bandits] or not? Okay, what’s the problem?’, somehow much of the issue seemed to resolve itself. The Horns were only stopped by a hysterical [Receptionist] who demanded what should be done with the severed heads.
“I could take—”
Pisces yelped as Yvlon turned and delicately punched him in the stomach. He rubbed at his gut as the [Wounded Warrior] turned back to the shrieking [Receptionist]. Yvlon waited until the woman was done screaming before she replied.
“I saw [Receptionists] in Liscor’s Adventurer’s Guild finishing off Face-Eater Moths after the monsters attacked the city. You can grab a shovel.”
“Yeah. We did our job. Come on, Ksmvr. You need a proper bed.”
“I do not use beds. But the consideration is welcome.”
Ksmvr followed Ceria as she pushed past the adventurers and City Watch. They didn’t look happy, but they stood well clear of Ksmvr. They were still staring. The Antinium was nearly at the door when a thought hit him. He held up a hand.
“Captain Ceria. Pause a moment, please. I would like to address the room.”
“Oh? Go ahead.”
Warily, Ceria turned. Ksmvr looked about. A sea of Humanity and a few non-Humans stared at him. The Antinium bowed politely.
“Good morning. I apologize for any unorthodox behavior. However, I would simply like to say that my team has done nothing wrong. You were wrong for falsely accusing Captain Ceria and Yvlon. If you do it again, I will take umbrage.”
They just stared at him. Ksmvr studied the glares, the looks of fear, and nodded.
“I would also like to note that with the Horns of Hammerad’s successful completion of this assignment with a solo member of our group, when no team was capable of doing so by themselves, we have established our superiority over other teams in this guild. I understand that equates to dominance in Human culture.”
At last there was a shift in the crowd. Ksmvr saw an adventurer open his mouth furiously.
“What the hel—”
Ksmvr turned, quick as a whip to face the adventurer. The man froze for a second. He stared at the Antinium and his tongue failed him.  Ksmvr nodded.
“Dominance.”
Then he turned and walked out the door. Ceria followed him, shaking her head. Yvlon was smiling. Pisces stopped to laugh for ten seconds before the other two pulled him after him.
 
—-
 
The Horns of Hammerad walked down the street. A [Necromancer] in pristine white robes, a yawning half-Elf, a [Wounded Warrior] wearing bright armor and lending her shoulder to an Antinium covered in mud and blood of two colors. People stared as they passed, but the four didn’t care. They spoke to each other and only to each other.
“Well, we’ve officially burned our bridges in Celum. I wouldn’t be surprised if we’re banned from the city.”
“For something I did?”
“…Nah. I think it was a bad scene. And Celum’s clearly too small for us, right Yvlon?”
“After this? I think so. Time to go north. Or south?”
“True. I wonder if there’s work around Pallass? You know, in Drake lands?”
“I should imagine so. And I believe even the tiresome Drake governance would be a welcome improvement over Celum’s benign incompetence.”
“I’m going to assume that meant what I think it did. Ksmvr, how are you? Need another potion?”
“I am quite well, Yvlon. I am only…tired.”
“Don’t scare me like that again.”
“I did not wish to. I only wanted to be helpful.”
