6.19 H
Page 14
The Antinium made one last stop in the city. He found a local stable. The [Horse Handler] took one look at Ksmvr and went for his belt dagger. The Antinium had to reassure him he wasn’t a monster first, which was an amusing and unnecessary question to ask. When the man was calm, Ksmvr tried again.
“Hello. I would like to rent a horse.”
“What? Naw, naw…you’re pulling my leg. Aren’t ya?”
The man had a thick accent. He stared at Ksmvr as if the Antinium were joking. Ksmvr was not. He pointed at the sign behind the man.
“This is a stable, is it not? It rents horses? I believe the concept is simple. And you are employed here?”
It was indeed a simple concept. Ksmvr gave the man money, a full deposit on a horse, which was quite a lot, and he could ride the horse out right now. If the horse were injured, stolen, or died, Ksmvr would get less or none of his deposit back. Otherwise, he was simply renting the horse for a fee.
He could buy one if he had the funds, but that wasn’t what the Antinium was after. He didn’t have enough for one thing; he was lucky the deposits weren’t the full price of the horse. But that was because the stables operated on trust; the handlers had perfect memories and if you mistreated or stole one of their horses, not only were you banned for life, but the men and women managing the stables across the continent would rat you out to local law enforcement wherever you went. You didn’t cross horse people.
The man running this stable blinked at Ksmvr. For some reason this simple concept seemed to be failing him, the horse handler.
“You’re one of them bug people. Why do you need a horse?”
“Why does anyone need a horse? That is a rhetorical question, by the way.”
“What?”
The two stared at each other. Ksmvr shifted impatiently. He tried again.
“I am a Silver-rank adventurer. My qualifications are impeccable. I am fully capable of riding a horse. I need one.”
“Naw, naw…I’m not selling to a bug person. Might not get ‘em back. And it’ll break my heart if one of my lads or lasses got hurt. Can’t trust adventurers anyways. Go on. Shoo.”
He waved vaguely at Ksmvr, looking mildly afraid. The Antinium gave up. He strode past the man into the stables.
“Hey!”
“Hmm. This horse looks reasonably able. I will pay for this one. Here is the fee.”
Ksmvr dug gold coins out of his pouch, relieved he had enough to pay for the horse’s rental fee. He resolved not to get it killed; it would be far too expensive.
“You can’t just take one! Mister Fairday doesn’t like you anyways. See?”
The horse was indeed frisky. It pranced in its stall, showing Ksmvr the whites of its eyes. It couldn’t decide if it was hostile or afraid. Ksmvr spoke in a soothing voice as he held a hand out.
“Shh. Or I will have to discipline you by riding you firmly while offering you encouragement in the form of food.”
It took him a few seconds, but a calm approach and even calmer voice worked on the horse. It stopped threatening to rear. Ksmvr turned back to the [Horse Handler]. The man looked impressed despite himself, but he refused the coins when Ksmvr tried to pay.
“Look, no offense, but you’re still one of them bug folk. Can’t trust one of you lot on a horse. Who’s to know you don’t eat horses?”
Ksmvr stared at the man as the hostler folded his arms defiantly. The Antinium sighed. Then he spread his arms wide.
“I see. Is it war, then?”
“…What?”
 
—-
 
