6.19 H
Page 3
The [Guardswoman] in charge, a [Sergeant], glanced nervously at Ksmvr as she grabbed Yvlon’s Sword of Weight, eying it appreciatively. Yvlon nodded and Ceria glanced sideways at Pisces. He sneered.
“Of course. Would we lie?”
Normally that tone and sentence would have earned him a boot in the ribs. But the [Sergeant] held back on snapping as she glanced at Ksmvr.
“Uh. Fine. We’ll be back. You lot—cast any magic and it’ll be worse for you. We’ll get your side of things in a moment, once the [Captain] comes back. If there are fines…”
“The other adventurers joined the fight. We took on one team. They piled on.”
Ceria had thought of the least expensive excuse and the one that would survive a [Detect Lies] spell. The [Sergeant] looked at her and shook her head.
“We’ll see about the damages. At least the damn Guild wasn’t buried in snow. Anyways—”
She shifted with the sword and rapier in hand and looked at Ksmvr again. He waved at her politely.
“Hello. I am not under arrest?”
She jumped.
“No! I mean, no. I’m going to put these away. You…don’t linger. There’s a waiting time on visitors, you know.”
“I shall leave soon thereafter, then. I would not like to break the law.”
Ksmvr nodded politely at the Human woman. She looked surprised.
“Er…thanks. Well…”
She backed away. Ceria looked around her cell. It was one of the shared ones used for common, low-risk prisoners. Metal bars, stone floor and a hole in the floor that probably led into Celum’s sewers. It stank.
But at least they had the cell to themselves; across the way was another general holding area with two drunks, a petty [Thief], and some a woman who’d murdered her husband with her bare hands after she’d found him cheating on her. The [Thief] and drunks were staying well away from her.
“Silver rot. I’ll bet that [Sergeant]’s going to swing my sword around the moment she’s out of sight. And that [Mage] is going to use your wand, Ceria. I hope she doesn’t hurt anything with it; the sword can kill someone if they spar.”
Yvlon sat down on the floor, groaning. She still had a few light cuts around her face; she hadn’t taken enough healing potion to cure all of the damage from her fight. But she mainly looked tired and upset. Pisces grumbled; he was feeling at his bag of holding.
“Fools deserve their fates. Onto more pressing matters. Ksmvr, would you please tell the Watch to release us?”
Ksmvr looked confused.
“But Comrade Pisces, that would be illegal.”
All three Horns looked up. Yvlon bit her lip, but Ceria and Pisces just looked at each other.
“Yes…but it would be convenient, Ksmvr. Nice lie, by the way.”
“Thank you, Captain Ceria. I am ashamed of the ruse. But I thought it was the only way to prevent a death sentence or Comrade Pisces being horribly maimed.”
“Wait, what? What for?”
Yvlon and Ceria looked at Pisces. He looked embarrassed.
“Ah. You uh, remembered our discussion, Ksmvr. That explains it.”
The Antinium nodded happily.
“I did. I was concerned for your safety as you told me how common execution sentences are for menial crimes. As well as the fact that [Necromancers] are unduly hated. Thus, I lied, despite the extreme risk it entailed. I am glad you will not be killed.”
Ceria smacked her head gently against the bars. Pisces coughed rapidly, turning even redder. Yvlon looked disgusted.
“That explains it. Pisces—”
She wavered as she stared at the young man. Then Yvlon turned to Ksmvr and to Ceria’s surprise, she only sighed.
