6.19 H
Page 28
The Antinium passed out as the morning light filled the Adventurer’s Guild and a rookie team of Bronze-rank adventurers entered the building and saw the pile of severed heads. He didn’t hear the screaming. He was already asleep. That was how his team found him, three hours later.
 
—-
 
“Dead gods.”
“Tree rot.”
“I wish he’d saved the bodies.”
Three voices woke Ksmvr up. He jerked upright amid a babble of voices. Waking up took Ksmvr a few moments. He heard the three familiar people. An argument. Shouting.
“What’s to be done? If it went out and butchered—”
An arguing voice raised in reply, exasperated, worried, shocked.
“Hey, Stan recognized two of them! If you want to test him, be my guest! But I’ll bet those are exactly the same [Bandits] you wanted dead—”
“All by himself?”
A sneering tone.
“Of course. Or did you think the Antinium bred pacifistic, ineffectual warriors? I hardly see what all the fuss is about—”
An authoritative tone.
“Try and arrest him without proof and I will drop you. Alais, drop the wand. If you point it at him again—”
Ksmvr woke up. His vision returned. He looked around. There were people gathered around the table. Lots of them. Celum’s City Watch, adventurers, people staring at the table with the heads on them…but the three people Ksmvr wanted most were right there, protectively standing around him. He sleepily opened and closed his mandibles.
“I slept as ordered, Captain Ceria. Was your incarceration pleasant?”
The voices stopped. Every eye fixed on Ksmvr. He saw a half-Elf jump, then turn. Ceria Springwalker looked down at Ksmvr.
“Hey…Ksmvr.”
“Hello Captain. I have completed our request.”
Ksmvr sat up, watching Ceria’s expression closely. He tried to see if she was angry, or disappointed. Or sad or…but her face was hard to read. A strange expression was written across it, once Ksmvr had no name for.
“I see that, Ksmvr. Why did you go alone?”
The Antinium felt a pang of fear in his chest. He clasped two of his hands together as he spoke.
“Because…I heard other teams were going to take our request. And I thought our team should not forfeit our request. You were gone. I stayed out of trouble. I did not tell Miss Erin where you were. And I slept.”
“You didn’t think taking out a [Bandit] gang was too much?”
The Antinium shook his head.
“I calculated the risks. I estimated that since you or Comrade Pisces or Yvlon could handle the group yourselves, I should be able to. I had help. Comrade Pisces helped. And I borrowed his ring.”
“He told us about that in the jail. He didn’t know what happened after that. Someone squashed his moth.”
“Yes.”
Her face was still unreadable. Ksmvr wanted to look at Pisces or Yvlon, but he was afraid of what he might see. He clutched his hands tightly together.
“I hope I did not act out of place. I only wanted to be a helpful member of the group…”
His voice trailed off, becoming small. Ksmvr looked down. He heard nothing for a second, and then Ceria reached out.
“Hey. Ksmvr.”
He looked up. The half-Elf smiled at him. She looked around, at the heads, at her teammates, and then at Ksmvr. She patted him on the shoulder gently, looking at his unhealed wounds.
“Good job. But next time don’t be so reckless.”
Ksmvr opened his mandibles in a smile. That was all he wanted to hear.
Good job.
 
—-
 
There was more after that of course. More shouting, explanations—Ksmvr was only too happy to explain, and to apologize for his brusque behavior after his sleep.
“It was most unprofessional. I can normally go for a day without sleep without undue mental effects. I am most sincerely regretful.”
