6.19 H
Page 13
“You started this, [Alchemist]! Don’t make Mister Quelm finish it! You know what you have to do!”
The [Thug] with the maul bellowed into the shop. Ksmvr could still hear Octavia’s voice from inside. At last, someone else took up the call. Only then did the men turn and scatter.
The Antinium knew from the [Thug]’s speedy retreat that the City Watch was incredibly unlikely to arrest them, even if a [Guard] were in the area to give chase. Not that it mattered; he opened the door to the shop, hoping the stones hadn’t broken everything.
“Excuse me—”
“Stay back! I’m warning you! I—”
Octavia stopped as she held up two bottles filled with her Pepperspray potion. She stared.
“Ksmvr? Oh, thank goodness! Help me out! Those [Thugs] just smashed a hole in my shop! Run them down! Cut off their heads or something!”
She pointed with a shaking finger at the front of her boarded up shop. It was well and truly smashed in, and Ksmvr noted the projectiles had broken a few potions on Octavia’s shelves. Nothing too important; her alchemical wares were intact. He stepped around a puddle.
“Well? What are you waiting for? They’re getting away! Or, no, I know where they’re going. It’s this ass—”
Octavia rushed past Ksmvr, trying to hurry him out of the shop. Ksmvr held up a hand.
“I am not here to assist in that regard, Miss Octavia. This appears to be matter for the City Watch.”
“They won’t help! They think this is a fight between [Alchemists]! Which it is, I’ll grant you, but I didn’t think it would come to this! That damn Quelm bought out the muscle I approached. And he wants—look, do you want money? I’ll pay you! You’re an adventurer, right?”
The [Alchemist] was very insistent. Ksmvr stepped around her and investigated her wares. He addressed Octavia absently.
“I was instructed by Captain Ceria not to cause trouble. I feel that involving myself in this issue would be a mistake, as it is not strictly adventurer’s work. So I will not help you. I do have an order, however. Three healing potions and one stamina potion, please. Also, one smoke cloud bag.”
He had some potions, but more was always welcome. Octavia stared at him.
“But—”
“Three healing potions please. One stamina. I do not need the smoke cloud bag on second thought. I will not need it.”
“Uh, that’ll be—”
The [Alchemist] numbly accepted the coins Ksmvr handed her. Then she stared at Ksmvr. Her expression was pleading.
“I know I’m not your favorite [Alchemist]. People are making that clear today. But, look, I could really use some help right now. Ksmvr, buddy? Come on, just let me talk to Ceria. I just need some help. I just—”
She reached for Ksmvr’s arm. The Antinium walked back towards the door. One objective down. He turned perfunctorily at the opening in Octavia’s shop front.
“Captain Ceria is currently under arrest. You may talk to her tomorrow. Goodbye.”
Then he left. Octavia ran out after him.
“Wait! Ksmvr. Please?”
But he paid no attention to her. Octavia wasn’t important on Ksmvr’s internal list of affiliates, friends, and teammates. She was useful to his team, but there were many [Alchemists]. Perhaps if he had not been busy, he would have taken up her problems. But he had something to do. Something that mattered.
So Ksmvr hurried down the street, glancing up at the sun. Not even midday, which was good. He needed all the time he could. He wasn’t sure how long he had based on vague directions.
