6.19 H
Page 5
“My ring enchanted with the [Shatterbolt] spell, as well as the bag of holding containing all my bones. Be very careful with it, Ksmvr. I can sense where the bones are of course, but while the bear bones are still present, what remains of them, there is another skeleton that must not be lost.”
The [Necromancer] met Ksmvr’s eyes. The Antinium nodded seriously.
“I will be very careful, Pisces.”
“And you’re giving that to Ksmvr because…?”
Pisces rolled his eyes as he turned to Ceria.
“Because I would rather not have my ring confiscated. If I had time, I would have sequestered your wand and Yvlon’s sword for the bag of holding along with my rapier. Or do you think the [Guards] will be so polite after Ksmvr is gone? They’ll come back to do some very invasive searches, I have no doubt.”
Ceria grimaced as she realized Pisces was right. Then she felt a moment of grudging admiration.
“Smart to hide your bones. They’d probably burn all of them.”
“Exactly. If you have anything else you’d like to ensure isn’t looted, now would be the time.”
Pisces looked around. Yvlon shook her head.
“All I’ve got is my armor and they won’t take that. Keep Pisces’ stuff safe, Ksmvr. I’m…sorry about the fuss.”
She looked miserable. Ksmvr stared down at her as he attached the bag of holding to his belt.
“I do not mind, Yvlon. I do not fully understand. But I wish to. And I will stay out of trouble, Captain Ceria. Do you have any other instructions for me?”
“Uh…no. No. Thanks, Ksmvr. You were a help. You’d better get out of here before the [Guards] come back.”
Ceria smiled wearily at Ksmvr. The Antinium nodded.
“I will wait for your release tomorrow morning, then.”
“Thanks! And Ksmvr, it’s not at dawn! You can go to sleep!”
Ceria called out as he turned and walked down the jail. He turned and waved his acknowledgement. Ceria saw him pause to speak with the [Sergeant] at the far end of the jail; she was indeed practicing cuts with Yvlon’s sword. Then she opened the door, let him out, and he was gone.
A silence fell over the cell after Ksmvr had gone. Ceria looked around. The other inmates had been an audience to the adventurer’s discussion. Now they stared at their cell mates.
“That thing’s an Antinium, ain’t it? Weird devils.”
One of the [Drunks] leaned against the bars, looking miserable and hung over. The [Thief] nodded.
“Dangerous. No wonder the Drakes fucking hate them. Hey, how much to stay silent about him not being a Prognuga-whatsit?”
Ceria swore and sat up. Before she could formulate a threat, Pisces stepped in.
“If you were wise, friend, you’d keep your mouth shut. Ksmvr may not be a Prognugator, but I am a [Necromancer]. And imprisoned or not, I do not take kindly to threats.”
The [Necromancer] cast a minor illusion spell as he did, so his voice sounded deeper and far more sibilant. The shadows around him seemed to creep towards the other cell. The [Thief] scrambled back with a shout as the two drunks fled.
“Keep back! You so much as cast a spell and I’ll shout, and the Watch will be all over—”
A hand descended on his shoulder. The man spun and stared into a woman’s face. Her eyes were bloodshot with tears, but the husband-killing wife’s voice was steady.
“Shut up. You tell anyone and I’ll kill you. I did it once. I’ll do it again. Be quiet.”
