6.20 D
Page 26
This time Daly didn’t know what to say. He glanced at Geneva, but she was frowning, and Okasha must not have known how to respond. So Daly went for it.
“Honestly? We just want to find more of our friends from home, ah, glorious Fezimet. And we’d like to earn money ourselves. More than just enough to survive on.”
“Ah. So you aren’t planning on joining with Gravetender’s Fist? Are you intending to go to war? I hear the Bushrangers are quite capable. Will you expand your ranks? You’ve already made one alliance with the Rustless Guard.”
He knew a lot! Daly gulped.
“Not at all. We’re a part of the company, but most of us aren’t fighters. We got enough of a taste of action with Gravetender’s Fist.”
He thought he saw Fezimet relax a bit after hearing that. Did the Quexal have a [Detect Lies] spell or something?
“I see. And so your company wishes to make ends meet. To partake of the riches of my company’s city. Well, well. I suppose that’s acceptable. And you two don’t seem to be lying about that. But this [Doctor]’s business…”
He pondered for a moment before glancing at Geneva.
“I’m told you can deliver a baby free of complication by cutting a mother open, is that right?”
Geneva nodded slowly.
“I can do that. It’s not risk-free, but it’s less risky than a childbirth if there are complications.”
“Of course. But you know Lizardfolk don’t need to give birth? We lay eggs.”
Geneva shrugged slightly.
“Eggs can fail to hatch. Or something can go wrong inside. Nothing is perfect. My job is to try and save lives.”
She met Fezimet’s eyes calmly. The Quexal looked from her to Daly.
“I see. As noble as they claim. Well, I’m content with what I’ve heard. Your company has permission to remain in my city. You don’t seem like troublemakers or a threat, and you’ve saved at least one of my [Landladies]. As for your new…practice, I’ll send one of my Nagas over to watch sometime. Just to make sure it’s alright. Then we can talk about compensation.”
“Compensation?”
Daly hesitated. Fezimet smiled.
“For working in Talenqual, of course. After all, you knew it was such a glorious city when you came here, didn’t you? But let’s not talk about that. Eat more of those shrimps. I’ll have one myself. Now, tell me, Captain Daly, about your team. I hear they’re practically invisible in forests…”
 
—-
 
Two hours later, Daly wished he hadn’t eaten so many shrimp. It wasn’t that they were undercooked; it was just that there was a limit to how many crustaceans he could eat. And he’d had too much gin. He should have asked for water and crackers.
“Steady.”
Geneva murmured as she helped guide Daly back down the street towards their headquarters. He erped and tried not to throw up.
“That damned feathery snake can drink like no one’s business. Think…we’ll be okay?”
“I think so. Hold on, Geneva. I’m helping your liver filter all this. You’re going to need to pee bad…let’s get Daly inside.”
She opened the door. Instantly there was a voice.
“They’re back! Get Paige!”
Daly found a few hands steadying him as he lurched inside. He went straight for the kitchen—not to throw up, but to drink some tea to settle his stomach. Then he drank more water, and looked at Paige.
“What happened? All the others said was that a Naga came and took both of you.”
She looked worried. Daly shook his head.
“It’s sorted. I think. Nothing big. Tell you later. We’re having a meeting tonight. Is Luan awake?”
“Not yet. We’re going to have lunch. Uh…”
“Pass.”
