6.20 D
Page 10
There was a disconnect, sometimes. Daly liked his team and they worked hard, but if it came to something hard to do—like breaking up a fight, assigning punishment, or telling someone off, he had to do it. So did Siri, and that meant friendships and relationships were different. Also, they were the ones who made some of the big decisions for their team.
They were the only ones who knew about Okasha, for one. For another, they were the two who Paige called upon when she talked over problems in their group. Ken, Aiko, Geneva…they made up an inner circle. It was a known fact, and no one had accused them of being dictators. But still.
“Where’s Dawson? Geneva’s clinic?”
“Probably headquarters. She wouldn’t need to treat him that long. She told me she can fix a shoulder or even broken bones quick.”
“If she can cut people open and get to the issue, she can pour healing potion on the bone, yeah. I just wish she had anesthesia.”
Daly shuddered. Siri nodded. Both of them had been patched up by Geneva and the process was more effective than any healing potions thanks to her many Skills. But it hurt. Geneva spot-treated injuries with healing potions, and to do that for, say, internal bleeding, she had to slice your stomach open. While you were looking up at her from the operating table.
“Headquarters it is. Hope Dawson likes this.”
The two headed off one of the main streets and down a fairly well-paved road. Normally they would have had to do a few more turns and twists to get to a poorer street where their cramped headquarters was. But not this time. They reached the United Nations company headquarters ahead of time. And it was a proper headquarters now. A pair of double-story buildings were theirs, and two streets over was Geneva’s clinic, a small place, but very clean and with thick doors. To muffle screams and crying.
“Hoi, Kirana! Is Dawson here?”
Daly opened the door and shouted into the apartment. He heard a voice, then someone pushed out of the kitchen. Priya, one of the Indian girls, pointed shyly next door.
“Kirana’s in the other apartment. Dawson is there too.”
“Got it. Thanks, Priya. Where’s Paige?”
“Same place. Dinner’s here. In twenty minutes.”
Priya pointed to a sand hourglass placed outside of the kitchen. Both Daly and Siri perked up.
“Awesome. In that case, we’ll be right back. And can you send someone here to get the Bushrangers? They’re at…uh, the Lizardgirl’s Frill.”
“Yes.”
That was that. Daly waved as he closed the door. They didn’t have a convenient door linking apartments yet, but Paige was talking Miss Hastel into letting them make one, and Daly had assured the Centauress [Landlady] that he could do it himself if need be. And both buildings were a lot bigger than their previous setup.
Nevertheless, a third building would be nice to avoid people sleeping so close together. And maybe with this…Daly pushed open the door.
“Hey Dawson, you bastard! You’d better not be hurt! We’ve got a job tomorrow!”
“Fuck off!”
A loud, cheerful voice came from a couch. Daly saw Dawson lying on his back, eating some snacks as Kirana and Paige sat in chairs around him. He glared at Daly came into the building.
“I thought you’d be checking on me right out of the clinic! You had a drink, didn’t you? Don’t lie!”
“Everyone had a drink, Dawson. But don’t be too upset or I won’t share this bottle with you. Fancy wine or gin?”
“Wine! Who bought the stinking gin?”
Siri went over and handed the bottle to Kirana as the young woman stood up.
“Me. How’re you doing, Dawson?”
The burlier fellow sat up and grimaced.
