6.20 D
Page 7
“They weigh a ton. Miss, can we sell these? And these eggs are all fertilized so they contain live snakes. No telling on when they’re hatching. Can we sell them to the Guild?”
The Centauress blinked hard, but selling giant snake eggs was, in fact, a situation she’d been trained for.
“Of course. We’ll need to find buyers quick. But I can quote you a price now. Or we can negotiate on what the Guild gets…”
“We’ll let the Guild do the sale and take our cut, thanks.”
“Of course. As for the little snakes, let me contact a [Beast Master] right now.”
The Centauress trotted off quickly. Siri peered at one of the snakes that Daly had roped up to prevent it from moving.
“It’s cute. Could we keep one, maybe?”
“Keep—you want one of those? As a pet?”
“We could try. Imagine having a fully-grown snake if one of our team became a [Beast Master]? I could try.”
Siri gently stroked the little snake’s head. It was quivering a bit; Daly stared at it. It was cute. But…he sighed.
“We can’t feed one of those yet. Sorry, Siri. But imagine how much meat it’ll eat? And finding a place for it? No.”
She looked so crestfallen, Daly had to throw her a bone.
“Tell you what. If we find a cuter, smaller animal on another hunt, we can talk about keeping the babies. If we find them. Deal?”
“Deal.”
She smiled. Now Daly would have to worry about Siri suggesting monster hunting contracts from now on. Then again…he did feel a pang of regret as he imagined a giant, fully-grown snake for a war pet. But the sight of a [Beast Master] Lizardman hurrying back and the gold he gave Daly for the snakes and three of the eggs was very soothing in itself.
Daly waited for the Centauress to give him a receipt for the remaining eggs, the money from the [Butchers] who’d dissected the snake parts, and then he claimed the bounty for the destruction of three giant snakes and their nest.
Money, money, money. Daly counted it all, put it in a bulging coin pouch, and then he had to go to the harbor and wash the blood and filth off him. Siri and Edima joined them. The Dullahan sighed as she splashed the salty water on her armor.
“At last! I was about to become sick.”
“Bloody oath! That’s a good feeling!”
Daly dunked himself twice, sighing as he felt so much cleaner. A fish swam up and nibbled at a bit of snake; he watched it flit away through the water, then turned.
“So. How was that for our first big team-up? Captain Edima, mind joining us for a drink? Because I think we deserve some congratulations…and we should talk about how it went.”
The Dullahan paused in the act of scrubbing at her hair. She’d taken off her head to more easily tend to it, and Daly was curious to see how the water interacted with the vacant gap between her shoulders, from which light red mist was drifting. To his surprise, the water just flowed over the opening, and the mist disappeared, but a red light shone from inside the Dullahan’s body when she dunked herself. The head glared and Siri poked Daly.
“Don’t be lewd.”
“Lewd? I ah—come on! Sorry, Captain Edima.”
The Dullahan blushed a bit.
“Edima is fine, Sir Daly.”
“Then Daly’s fine, at least when we’re not uh, working. A drink?”
She nodded as she fastened her head to her shoulders. Daly chose the nearest pub and wasted no time; the Bushrangers and Rustless Guard were waiting, so he handed Edima a stack of coins.
“This is your team’s share. We’ll get more later, and sort out the exact numbers, but pass this out, please, Edima. And as for you Bushrangers…”
