6.20 D
Page 14
“I didn’t have anything extraordinary happen to me. I saw Dawson; he wasn’t too badly hurt but the fall could have been worse. Be careful with that climbing.”
Daly nodded.
“It was the uh, gri-gri that snapped. We’ll check our gear carefully, maybe get more made and test them out.”
“Got it. I heard you killed some snakes.”
“That’s right. I think you’re eating some of them.”
The [Doctor] paused in her next bite. She hesitated, then took a bite. She chewed, and Okasha’s voice, higher-pitched and decidedly more cheerful, came out of Geneva’s mouth.
“Not bad!”
“Hey, Okasha. Take care of Geneva for us, will you?”
“Will do. Don’t get upset, Geneva. It’s just snake…”
“I hate snakes. Why did it have to be snakes?”
Daly snorted and left before Okasha could ask what was so funny. Geneva had a sense of humor? He was about to tell Paige about that as she came down the stairs. Then he noticed the look on her face. The hint of tension, hidden, and the very large, and very bulky object she had wrapped up in a sack that she was carrying oh, so carefully. Daly hesitated. Could she have…?
“Where to?”
“Outside.”
Paige stepped behind the glowing laptop’s screen and Daly followed. No one else commented; they were too busy watching the movie. The two Australians walked out of the building, down the steps, and then down the street. Daly eyed Paige and the thing she was holding. It was round, and she had a smaller burden clutched in one hand.
“Can I take…?”
“No. Take the smaller one and for the love of god, don’t drop it. And don’t let anyone see until we’re out of the city.”
“How far out?”
“To a place no one can see. It’ll take twenty minutes. Come on. This is heavy.”
Paige picked up the pace. Daly glanced down at the small object she’d handed him. It too was concealed in a sack, but as he looked at it, something on the back of his neck began to prickle. Daly didn’t have [Dangersense], but if he had he thought it would be going off right now.
And his intuition was good, so he followed Paige swiftly, bearing his small burden carefully as could be. As they walked through the dark streets of Talenqual, both he and Paige stayed well away from anyone carrying a torch, a lantern, or any kind of fire.
 
—-
 
Fifteen minutes of power walking later, Paige and Daly were well outside of Talenqual and in a private area of trees, off the main road. It wasn’t so deep that they couldn’t run for Talenqual; you could even see the city if you walked back a bit. But it was private—they’d passed by the outer farms and orchards to the left and gone off the main trade road.
It wasn’t exactly quiet about; the local wildlife had a cacophony of their own. But Daly sincerely doubted they had an audience.
“Alright. What’ve you got to show me you didn’t want to tell the others about?”
Daly turned to Paige. She bit her lip as she slowly and gingerly lowered her burden down.
“It’s not that I didn’t want to tell them. I just don’t know whether I should. Especially Geneva. Siri will need to know, but you asked for this and I…wanted to get your opinion first. Remember what you asked me for? It’s done.”
She reached out and took Daly’s much more lightweight burden from him. She opened it up and gingerly pulled something out. Daly’s pulse skyrocketed at once.
