6.20 D
Page 12
Ken relaxed next to the others at their small table. They were in an upstairs room next to Paige’s private workshop. Downstairs they could hear voices, laughter, someone shushing loudly—the others were watching a movie on a laptop with the last of the wine and gin. The mood was good. Ken smiled.
“I did well. My job is mainly listening and talking, so I ended a few fights.”
“What about?”
Paige sighed.
“God. Remember Michael? Well, some of the others have joined him. They’re not getting along with people praying. Especially since some of them want to pray to Mecca. And guess where that is?”
She waved a hand. Daly grimaced.
“So they’re mocking them?”
“Yes. And worse, there’s fighting about which direction they should be praying towards and if there is a god. And let me tell you, that’s not a fun argument to have. Ken sorted it, and I don’t know how.”
The young man nodded modestly.
“It is my job. After that I went around the city.”
That meant he was doing the rounds, as some of the others put it. Ken had no set job; the United Nations company didn’t have far-off contacts as of yet. But they did have allies, and Ken made a point of visiting everyone from Miss Hastel to the Silver-rank teams that Daly knew, to [Shopkeepers], [Captains], and so on at least once a week.
He’d go out and buy small gifts, or treat them to a meal, or buy a drink. Small things that he was budgeted for that made everyone favorably inclined towards him. It was an excellent use of a little bit of coin. Ken pretended it wasn’t nearly as important as Daly’s job, or Geneva or Paige’s, but he had been the one who’d been able to call an army to save Eldima and the others back then. But Ken just turned to the young woman sitting next to him.
“Aiko was working at Geneva’s, so I do not know how she is.”
“Good! We saw two patients, both of whom had Yellow River.”
Aiko shuddered. She shook her head.
“But they wanted fast cures, not what Geneva told them to do. Even though her patients in Quallet’s camp got better! I think they will be back, hopefully before it gets worse…but there are a lot of mothers asking about Geneva’s C-section! She doesn’t want to give many, though.”
“Principles.”
Daly sighed. Paige looked annoyed.
“She’s right that not everyone needs them. But we’re getting a steady income from her now. Add it into the jobs people are working and the Bushranger’s money, and we will be able to afford a third building soon. Unless we have anything else we should be spending money on? My workshop and Geneva’s experiments eat up some of our coin, but what should we save up for now?”
The Japanese [Diplomat] twiddled his thumbs absently. He looked up and nodded a few times.
“I think it is time to invest in what Daly called the ‘big things’ now. After the third building, perhaps?”
The others looked at each other. Paige sat up a bit and Siri stopped sipping the last of her cup.
“You think so, Ken?”
He nodded carefully.
“Perhaps not all of our money should go there. Paige’s emergency fund is very wise, I think. So how about this? We save up enough money for her fund. Then we put the rest towards the apartment and rent for a month or two. And then after that? We allocate…twenty percent to paying for things everyone has been asking for. More regular [Repair] spells. Books. Proper beds. Um…”
“Toys?”
Paige suggested a tad bit sarcastically. The [Diplomat] hesitated and gave a [Diplomat]’s response.
