6.20 D
Page 19
“I thought about Japanese, or one of the languages Kirana and the other girls speak, but apparently there is a nation of islanders about that speak some kind of weird language. Drathians. They sound Japanese, so that’s out. And Siri and Tofte already know the lingo; this makes the most sense. Plus, it’ll help because Sweden isn’t that big a country so the odds of running into another Swede are a lot lower than someone from India.”
“What does that—”
Dawson was frowning, but Siri looked sharply at Daly. She replied for him.
“He means if we have to go up against people from Earth.”
The Bushrangers fell silent. Daly saw some of them look at each other uncomfortably. Dawson swore.
“Fucking hell, mate. What are you planning?”
Daly’s voice was cold in his own ears.
“Nothing. But I’m preparing us for everything. You heard Blake and his lot’s story about the [Bandits], right? We need to be careful. From now on, any hint of survivors from earth we investigate cautiously. We watch them before we take them in, and we put people on them for the first month.”
“Jeeze, Daly.”
“It’s what we have to do. It’s not a question of ‘if’ we’re going to run up against some nasty people from home, it’s ‘when’. Or do you want to be the idiots who get stabbed in the back? Don’t worry though; we’re already looking into buying amulets enchanted with [Detect Lies] along with getting a [Repair] spell.”
That didn’t cheer up the group much. But they did sit still as Siri went over the alphabet and a few basic words. Daly didn’t have the heart to push them to learn more than a few words despite his speech; but he did warn them they’d need to remember.
“Siri’s going to ask you and so will I. Just remember the words for now. Got it?”
The others nodded. Dawson looked very uncomfortable. So did everyone else. Siri was frowning at Daly. She’d been the one to suggest using Swedish, but she looked curious. She drew Daly aside as the others began to get back to lazing about. But she never got a chance to ask her question because the door blew open and Michael burst into the room, shouting.
“Luan’s back!”
Daly whirled about, his spirits suddenly rising. He heard an oath from upstairs and Paige appeared in the stairwell. Kirana rushed out of the kitchen and more members of the United Nations company rushed down the stairs.
“You serious, Michael?”
“I just saw him! He’s coming into the docks! Come on, let’s go greet him!”
“Alright!”
Dawson was on his feet. He charged out the door with some of the others. The Bushrangers all got up, but Siri and Tofte, both of whom didn’t really know Luan, weren’t as excited as the others. She looked at Daly with a big frown.
“Why are we running to meet him like children?”
Daly paused, about to go out after the others. He beckoned at Siri and she and the rest of the team followed him. The [Axe Warrior] spoke as he led them in a brisk walk.
“Look, we’ve got three big leaders. Geneva, Ken, and Luan.”
“And you and Paige.”
Aldenon interjected. Daly hesitated.
“Well, yeah, but they were the original three, you know? The ones who started it all. And they’re all…well, look at it this way.”
He tried to explain to Siri, who was raising both eyebrows skeptically.
“Ken’s a nice guy. Everyone likes Ken, but that’s his thing. He’s not scarily good at what he does like Geneva or Luan. And Geneva’s amazing, no question; no one can do what she can in this world. But she’s…”
Daly hesitated and looked at the Australian members of his team for help. They pitched in cheerfully.
“Depressing?”
“Too serious all the time?”
“Got a medically implanted stick up her butt?”
