6.20 D
Page 13
“Not toys, but fun tools for everyone to use. A chess set, perhaps. Things like that. But that is twenty percent. The rest should go to buying Daly’s team magical equipment, or Paige some magical wood. Spellbooks. And the boat Luan mentioned last time he was here.”
All eyes turned towards Daly. He felt a skip of excitement in his chest.
“That would be the turning point, sure enough. We’ve been keeping our heads above water. But if we can spring for some actual magical gear, like proper armor or get Paige the materials she needs to make a magical crossbow…”
So far the Bushranger’s income had gone solely towards the company and putting a roof over everyone’s head and feeding them. Daly hadn’t begrudged that, although it had been hard. But now, if all the money everyone made was going towards equipping them…he held his breath. He wasn’t going to push for it. Ken looked around.
“Do you think it’s a good idea?”
“I’m sold. Especially since I’ll get more things to work with. And I want to try and learn magic. I think we all do.”
Paige leaned forwards, nodding. Siri did to, as did Aiko. That meant all of the current leaders were in agreement, and Daly didn’t think Geneva would object that hard either. He smiled.
“Then it’s settled. We’ll all draw up a wish list and take turns getting what we need. I’d be happy to make that a first priority after a third building and a spellbook. The Bushrangers have added a few of our own, but if I could get two or three [Mages] working with us, we’d be able to do a lot more.”
“Count me in. I want to learn magic.”
Siri nodded. Aiko was sighing. Everyone was, actually. Magic. Now that would be something worth all the struggles. Ken clapped his lands lightly, looking pleased.
“In that case, I think we have done well. Daly, thank you and your team for working so hard.”
The others murmured their agreement. Daly grinned at Siri.
“Ah, it’s nothing. We’re going to be loafing around for a day or two anyways. But I’ll light a fire under the asses of the Bushrangers and they’ll work twice as hard once they hear they’re going to get some gear. That’s all I’ve got. Anyone else have something to bring up?”
They didn’t. So that night’s meeting of the United Nations leadership adjourned. Daly stretched as he got up.
“I need a bath.”
“Me first.”
Siri pushed past him. Daly sighed, but let her go ahead. Baths were a luxury, given that you had to get the water yourself. He glanced around as he filed out of the room. Paige was still seated, and she was giving him…he paused and let Ken and Aiko pass by.
“We should call this the security council meeting or something. Of the United Nations? Only, we actually like each other and get things done.”
Aiko laughed a bit. Ken looked blank.
“Is that a joke? I’m sorry, I don’t understand it.”
“You know, the security council from…never mind.”
Daly put his head against the doorframe. Ken smiled again and Daly heard him ask Aiko something in Japanese—probably for an explanation. They left and Daly waited a beat before looking back.
“Something up?”
Paige slowly got up from her chair. She nodded at the door and Daly tilted his head. Everyone else was out of earshot. She walked past.
“Let me get some things. We’re going for a walk.”
“Why?”
She didn’t reply. Curious, Daly went downstairs and found that Geneva had finally returned. She was eating in the kitchen as the others watched Les Misérables on a laptop. Daly waved at her as Geneva munched on cold snake steak.
“Hey Geneva, how’s it going?”
“Good.”
He waited. Geneva chewed her bite and looked up. She paused.
