6.20 D
Page 27
Daly spent the rest of the day slowly sobering up and trying to digest too many shrimps. He had an appetite by the time dinner rolled about and Luan was up. They ate and Daly listened to Luan’s stories without bringing up their encounter with Fezimet. Only after the dinner had ended did Paige stand up.
“Alright. The company leaders are meeting. Everyone else, you can talk to Luan later.”
“Aw!”
“Come one, what’s this about? Is it the Naga…?”
“We should be allowed to listen!”
Paige scowled at the protesters, who were all mostly older people around her age.
“No, and no. Some of what we have to talk about is potentially dangerous or…”
She glanced at Daly.
“…Or would be bad if it’s gossiped about. We’ll tell you everything we can. But later.”
“Who elected you?”
Someone grumbled that. Michael, probably. Paige opened her mouth and Ken smiled.
“Should we have elections? I think it would be dangerous to make this a vote. After all, the responsibilities of our job are sometimes…a lot. And we cannot share everything, so if you wanted to vote for someone to listen with us…”
He trailed off. The murmurs fragmented and most of the group shook his head. That was Ken, framing the idea as not much of a solution at all. Daly lurched upstairs. The others found him with his head in his hands in their meeting room. Paige closed the door last. Luan yawned.
“You look worse than I do, Daly. What happened while I was out?”
“Too much to drink. We had to go met the leader of the Featherfolk Brigade. Fezimet the fucking glorious or something.”
The other’s gazes sharpened at once. Ken sat up, looking mildly worried. Paige sat down across from Daly.
“What did he want?”
Geneva frowned and Okasha answered.
“I think he was scoping out our company. Trying to figure out if we’re a threat.”
“How?”
“Oh, you know. Taking control of parts of his city, sowing dissent, just whether or not we’re easy to work with…”
“Did you reassure him we’re no threat?”
Daly grimaced and shrugged.
“I tried. I think he bought the line that we’re only here to make money. But he hinted—strongly—that his company wants a cut of what Geneva’s doing.”
“Shit.”
“It’s just a tax. I think he was really curious about Geneva. But he’s…something. His company’s also massive. There were tons of Nagas and Gorgons—I wish Ken had been there. He might have figured out more of what Fezimet wanted. Okasha’s right. I think he was just trying to scope us. And he got me pretty good and drunk.”
“If he calls for us again, I will try and speak to him.”
Ken nodded. Aiko sighed, looking relieved.
“But it means it isn’t a problem, yes?”
“For now. But we’re getting heat from a big company. I guess that means we should keep an eye out to avoid pissing anyone off. Good work, Daly.”
Paige drummed her fingers on the table. Daly gave her a weak grin. He wasn’t drinking gin again for at least a month. Siri, who would have done well in his place, looked around with a frown.
“In that case, maybe we should listen to Luan. You said he had something to say?”
Luan nodded. He looked at Siri for a moment and then reached over.
“I think we’ve met. Paige told me you’re working with Daly? I’m Luan.”
“Siri. We met once. Briefly.”
He shook her hand.
“I’m a [Rower]. I’m aiming to be a Courier, but I’ll settle for a good position as City Runner. And I’ve been working hard, perhaps too hard of late, but the money’s been coming in and I’m glad it helped with…”
He gestured to the room around them. Paige nodded.
