6.20 D
Page 8
He passed out a gold coin apiece. Edima looked shocked; her team had taken the smaller cut and each member was still getting a good bit more than that. Siri smiled as she explained.
“It’s company money. This is their bonus.”
“Ah. I see.”
The Dullahan nodded a few times. Daly nodded as well and waved a hand. He raised his voice.
“We’ll see about the rest, and I’ll get this to Paige. But for tonight, your first three drinks are on me, both teams!”
They cheered loudly at that. Daly smiled as the Humans began shouting orders at the Lizardgirl server who came by, and the Dullahans raised their hands, letting their team go in order of importance. He excused himself and took another table with Edima and Siri. They settled down and Edima looked at Daly. He lifted a hand as a second [Server], a Centaur, delicately navigated around the tables.
“Excuse me. I’d like a mug of whatever beer you have.”
“We’ve got several. Have a preference?”
“Uh—your best bitter.”
“That will be a Calian lager. And who’s next?”
The Centaur looked at Daly. Both he and the Human were keenly aware that rank mattered, so Daly instantly turned to Edima.
“Edima’s next.”
She nodded appreciatively.
“I will have some dry Seamaster’s Gin.”
“And for you?”
Siri paused.
“I’ll try the gin as well.”
“I’ll have your drinks in a moment. Are you paying for that table?”
“That’s right. Send the bill over here, thanks.”
The Centaur blinked a few times. Daly clarified.
“We’ll pay.”
He nodded and trotted off. Daly sighed as he leaned back. It was amazing how many linguistic similarities this world had with his. But the concept of a ‘bill’ was still foreign to most places, especially since that was a waste of paper, parchment, and ink. He waited until everyone had a drink and downed half of his mug. Then he decided to order an appetizer.
“Got any snacks?”
The Centaur raised his eyebrow.
“How do you feel about shrimp? Sautéed?”
“Beautiful. Give us a plate and some for that lot.”
“Four plates, then?”
“Sure.”
Daly smiled as the Centaur left and came back minutes later with some hot, spiced shrimps that earned him another cheer. He leaned back.
“Captain Edima, help yourself. My team’s eating at headquarters, but a snack’s welcome.”
The Dullahan nodded appreciatively, but she still waited for Daly to snag one of the shrimps first before taking one for herself.
“Indeed it is. You’re quite generous with your team, Daly.”
“Ah, well…”
Daly grimaced. He was a bit embarrassed, actually. Drinks weren’t expensive, and neither were a few plates of shrimp. Compared to the amount of gold still resting in his belt pouch, he was stealing from his team. But it was gold that the entire company would use, so he tried not to feel too bad. He’d definitely ask the [Bartender] to buy a bottle or two for tonight, thought.
“I’m not sure about generous, but after a day of hard work, we’ve all earned a break, Edima. How’re you feeling? Your team?”
The Dullahan stopped chewing and swallowed. She answered slowly, glancing from Daly to Siri. She’d put her head on the table and was feeding it to eat. Daly knew he shouldn’t stare, but Dullahans were still fascinating to him. Half of Edima’s team was doing the same thing, placing their heads on the table rather than keeping them on their shoulders.
“I would say my team is in very good spirits, Captain. As am I. This was one of the smoothest hunts we’ve had. And the least bloody. Not one member of my team was badly hurt, and against those giant snakes? It was refreshing to get back at them.”
She grinned toothily and Daly and Siri nodded. Edima paused.
