6.20 D
Page 17
She nodded. Paige looked around, but there weren’t any pieces of the bomb’s casing left to find on the ground. She slowly shook her head and bit her lip.
“I’m not happy about this, Daly. I know I said I could do it. But it was too easy to make. Once I had the ingredients, it took me three days of careful experimentation to figure out the right ratio of sulfur, saltpeter, and charcoal to make the gunpowder. I did some tests with containers. After that, I had a [Blacksmith] make a shell like this and bought some metal scrap. Daly, it took me less than a week to make this. Imagine what happens if Quallet got ahold of this? Or a larger company?”
“I had—I didn’t ask you to make one of these to sell, Paige. Geneva would kill me first. But we can use them.”
“You’re sure? After that, you’re sure you want one of these?”
Paige looked up questioningly. She stared hard at Daly. And for a second he hesitated. He understood what she was asking, why she’d shown him this in private. You want to me to make more of these? And for a second, the decent part of him agreed with Paige. But…he looked around at the jungle and clenched a fist. Then he slowly replied to Paige.
“When we take on monster contracts, we have to weigh how dangerous our target is against the reward. We took a risk on the snakes and we spent two days preparing and another scoping out the nest. We needed ropes, we had to team up with the Rustless Guard…and it was still closer than I’d like. Those snakes are the baddest thing we can take on. Give us some of these and we can take on almost anything.”
He kicked at the blown up earth. Paige just stared at him.
“You want to bomb monsters?”
“You want me to fight them with crossbows and swords? Paige, maybe the Bushrangers shouldn’t earn money like we do. But aside from Luan and Geneva, we’re the only source of income the company has. And after seeing some of the monsters we fight, I think adventurers are needed. I don’t think this world needs bombs. Especially not Baleros. But give me one of these and no one can copy it, right?”
“Not unless you don’t use it.”
Paige folded her arms, looking deeply troubled. She stared again at Daly.
“You really want more?”
He closed his eyes and nodded.
“I asked. And I think…yeah, I think we do need them, Paige. You saw the snakes we brought in, didn’t you?”
“I saw parts of them.”
“Well, they were a lot bigger in person. Say we go up against them again. I’d like to use these. Just our team. Just when we have to. We don’t show them around, we only bring them when we know there’s a fight that involves them. Deal?”
He saw the [Engineer] nod.
“Agreed. No one gets these, no matter what.”
“And with that said…I want three of them. Make sure they’re sealed perfectly. I don’t want a chance of them going off.”
“Three. You want three? I can do that. I can do it. But I need more ingredients.”
Paige scrubbed at her hair distractedly. She looked at Daly. Then she shook her head.
“I suppose you still want the ballistae, too. Or those oversized crossbows you were thinking off?”
“The big ones? Yeah. If we can mount it, or use a stand, we could pierce even the serpent’s hide. What, can you make them?”
For a second Daly wondered if that was an out. But Paige shook her head.
“I was talking with Blake. Apparently ballistae were made with something called torsional force. As opposed to draw force, like what we have with bows and the crossbows I’ve made.”
Daly raised his eyebrows.
“Okay? What does that mean?”
“It means they did something else. Blake said that he thought it involved skeins of rope or something, but he wasn’t sure.”
