6.20 D
Page 18
“How does he know all this stuff, anyways?”
“Video games. Apparently the models in some games are quite close to real life.”
“Huh. So he doesn’t know how this torsional thing works, though, right?”
“Nope. And I bet if I had a YouTube video I could build one from that. But no one’s downloaded a video on their phones and the internet’s not exactly around. So until I can figure out how the Romans did it, I can’t build anything stronger.”
“Oh. Then I guess…”
Daly indicate the bombs. Paige nodded. She stared around the forest, unnaturally quiet, and then gestured back at Talenqual.
“We should probably head back. They might try and see what that sound was.”
“Of course.”
But neither Human moved right away. Paige kept staring at Daly. At last, she spoke.
“You know, I was really hoping you’d see what the bombs did and say ‘No, don’t make any more, Paige. Absolutely not.’”
Daly’s heart twisted in his chest. He held out his hands, helplessly.
“Paige. We need those.”
She rounded on him.
“Do we? Do we really need those?”
Her finger shook as she pointed back at the blast zone.
“Daly. I feel like I’m a terrorist. Look at that. You want me to make more of those?”
Daly nodded. Paige halted and stared at him, but he pointed back at the explosion. And this time he wasn’t as scared of the weapon as before. He was remembering something else.
“Ever seen a [Fireball] explode? It’s just as nasty. Worse. Remember the battle between those companies? They were throwing around spells like that. And some monsters can take a [Fireball] to the face and keep on coming. Those serpents could. If we want to hit Gold-rank, or go any further, we’ll need those, Paige. We’ll use gunpowder on monsters.”
“So long as it’s just monsters.”
She stared at him. Then she turned her back and began walking away. Daly followed her.
“Paige, I swear, if I thought—”
“Don’t. You convinced me, Daly. Don’t justify it.”
He fell silent. The two walked on, pausing to hide as a group of [Guardsmen] did indeed pass them by, looking for the sound. After that, Paige and Daly went back to the main road and pretended to be coming back to Talenqual. They walked together in silence, and the triumph of this morning felt like a long way away to Daly.
Good news and bad. Daly walked back to his bed and Paige said nothing else. He was troubled, like her. But they needed an edge. And if that meant making bombs…he fell asleep, wondering if he’d said the right thing.
 
—-
 
The next day, Daly woke up, ate food, lounged about, and did things he forgot about five minutes later. Around midmorning he found the Bushrangers relaxing after their big job and ordered them into the living room. It was time for a lesson. Siri was in change with Tofte helping her. They got ten minutes in when Dawson looked up and complained loudly.
“Daly. I have to ask. Why do we have to study another language in a world that speaks only fucking English?”
He glared at the alphabet Siri had written down for them in her native language. Daly sighed, but he explained as patiently as possible.
“We have two Swedish speakers, Dawson. If we need to talk when the enemy might be around, or warn each other, another language is perfect. It could be a huge advantage. That’s also why we have hand signals and need to be able to write in Swedish too. We can leave each other messages.”
“And why’s it got to be Swedish? Can’t it be pig latin? Or something easier? No offense, Siri.”
“Offense taken.”
Daly waved a hand for silence. He frowned as he replied.
