6.20 D
Page 15
They came in many shapes. And they didn’t look like the ones you saw on TV, most of the time. Except that at some point, they probably had. And the little, papier-mâché sphere the size of Daly’s hand looked exactly like one of those cartoons. Except that the orb was a whitish-grey color, not black. And the fuse was a lot, lot longer than normal and it wasn’t lit. Otherwise? It was a bomb.
“Fuck me sideways. Is that a grenade?”
“You asked me to make one. So I did.”
Paige hunched her shoulders. She stared down at the bomb—no, the grenade-sized bomb in her hand. Daly’s skin crawled. I was just holding that! He looked at the little sphere.
“Is it safe?”
The [Engineer] looked up irritably.
“I wouldn’t have given it to you if it wasn’t safe! Don’t worry. I’ve thrown these things, knocked them about—at a distance—even put an arrow through one. They don’t explode unless there’s fire and the sphere is sealed tight. But yes, this is a grenade. Packed with gunpowder. You want to see what it does?”
Daly nodded. He stared at the little orb. Paige had actually made…? His skin was crawling with unease. He’d never seen a real weapon like this up close. She took a few breaths.
“Okay. I’m going to light it, toss it, and it’ll go off. I didn’t fill it with anything but gunpowder, so it’ll explode, but we’ll be safe. I’ll throw it there. See? I have a clear shot. ”
She walked a good bit away from the bag she’d put down and reached for her belt. She cursed.
“Damn it. I forgot to bring a lantern or something. I need to make some fire. Give me a second?”
“Sure.”
“Hold this.”
Daly froze as Paige tossed the bomb at him. He swore as he caught it.
“Don’t do that!”
“It won’t go off. Stop being a baby. You said you wanted this and I made it.”
“Yeah, but I don’t juggle explosives. Isn’t there a chance it could ignite?”
“Probably? But it’s humid. Here. Hand it back.”
Paige had a small burning candle in one hand. Daly gingerly handed it back and the girl took a breath.
“Okay. Here goes.”
She swiftly lit the fuse with one end. Daly saw the flame slowly burning down the waxy rope and Paige turned. She threw the orb far and fast between a group of trees; it hit the ground and rolled for a moment. Daly watched the fuse burning. The fire didn’t exactly race down it. Still, he held his breath. Until he realized it was going to take a bit.
“Sort of slow.”
“I haven’t figured out how the fuse works best yet. And I’ve made them long for a reason.”
“Still, if we’re using this in a combat situation—”
“Just watch this one, okay?”
Daly shut up and did just that. He shifted from foot to foot as the fuse slowly burnt away. It really was too long, but Paige’ eyes were locked on the little orb. Daly wondered how much of a bang it would make. Surely not much? Grenades were small, but weren’t they filled with…higher-grade gunpowder or something? Paige had just gotten the ingredients for the stuff a little while ago. So surely—
Bang.
That was the sound the orb made. But it wasn’t a ‘bang’, or a mere pop of sound. It was a full explosion that made Daly half-duck and shot his heart up into his mouth. The sounds of the jungle instantly stopped. And the explosion was a lot larger than he’d thought. He felt the wind change from where he was standing and when he stared at the spot where the orb had been…
“Damn.”
Daly had to force himself to inspect the blast spot. It took a moment to find the actual impact spot; some of the forest floor had been blown away, but the actual zone of impact was very small. He looked at Paige.
“That was a lot bigger than I thought it would be! But the impact…”
