6.20 D
Page 5
“See if you can get to the road with…Kami. Your arms alright, Kami? Good. Then go over there and find a Runner or someone willing to give us a lift for Dawson. I want him back in Talenqual fast. Make sure it’s a smooth ride—and then call for our friends from the Runner’s Guild. Uh…”
“Pihava and Bault?”
“Exactly. I want them and…make it two other pairs with big wagons. We’ll get Dawson to the road.”
“Got it, boss.”
Siri and Kami turned and grabbed their packs before heading out at a jog. Daly looked around.
“Edima?”
“Sir?”
The Dullahan straightened. Daly saw her team glance up and caught himself. They weren’t in a combat situation so he took a breath.
“Sorry. Captain Edima, I would be very grateful if your team would assist us with butchering the serpents. The critters are already gnawing at them and I want to save the meat.”
The Dullahan smiled at Daly.
“Of course. My team is free for whatever you need.”
The Australian nodded.
“Excellent. Then—can you begin cutting the snakes up? Hack them into pieces we can actually carry to the wagons? Try and get them in pieces so we can harvest big chunks of their skin.”
“Of course.”
Dally nodded. He looked at the rest of his Bushrangers.
“As for our team…I’ll help Dawson with that stretcher. Aldenon, Tobi, you’re both on lookout for anything smelling blood. The rest of you, let’s make up something to help drag the snakes towards the road…”
And so they did. It wasn’t as easy as Daly made it out to be; without her [Razor Cut] Skill, Edima and her team had a hard time making precise cuts and the bloody snake parts were being covered in bugs. The Dullahans swore and their armor got bloody and dirty, as did the precious snake parts. And dragging them through the jungle was a hellish ordeal; Daly had to come back and help once he had helped lift Dawson up with two Dullahans and bring him towards the road. Three miles of walking through forest, and then flatter ground was no fun for Dawson. He fainted when they dropped him, but he said little. He just gave Daly a thumbs-up when he got to the wagon.
“Sorry for falling back there, Daly.”
“You did nothing wrong. Your device broke, Dawson. You just rest up. Geneva’ll see to you as soon as you get back. You’ll be on your feet by the end of the day.”
There was hope in Dawson’s eyes as he leaned back in the small rickshaw Pihava had galloped over with.
“That’s be nice. Hell of a thing, healing potions. Back home, this would have…”
He trailed off. Daly checked him anxiously, but Dawson was just unconscious. Daly looked at Kami.
“You go with him. Tell Geneva to check out your arms. And put in a message at the Adventurer’s Guild that we have oversized snakes ready for dissection. They’ll probably direct you to a [Butcher]’s—have them meet us at the gates.”
“You got it.”
Kami swung herself up into the rickshaw. Pihava pawed the ground anxiously.
“Your friend’s okay?”
“Right as rain, Pihava. He’s not badly hurt. Thanks for getting here.”
The Centauress smiled.
“No problem. And your other wagons are on the way!”
Daly waved her off, then went to help pull the snakes out of the jungle. Three miles of carrying bloody, buggy, smelling snake parts, sometimes as a group of eight, balancing the bloody harvest on their shoulders. That wasn’t the part of adventuring you ever thought about, but the snakes were money. As much money as his team would get for killing the damn things. Daly sent off one wagon full of the bloody cargo for immediate butchering in Talenqual; he warned the drivers they’d have to wash off the meat first. The Centaur, Bealt, just laughed.
