6.20 D
Page 16
She shook her head.
“If you’d have been standing next to it, that wouldn’t have been fun, believe me. But grenades don’t do damage because of the explosion. It’s the shrapnel that does it. And I used paper and nothing else. That was a demo. What do you think?”
“What do I think? I think you just made a grenade, Paige! In what, two weeks? Who’s a rocket scientist, then?”
Daly grinned shakily at her. But Paige didn’t look pleased. She pointed at the bit of overturned earth.
“If I gave you some of those, Daly, shortened the fuses, and packed them with some rocks or metal, they’d be like grenades. What do you think? Would they help out your Bushrangers against those snakes you fought this morning?”
The adventurer hesitated. He looked back at the blast zone and forced himself to think. If they were filled with shrapnel and he threw, say, four of them…if you tossed one in a snake’s mouth, that might be different, but if it hit their armor? Reluctantly, he shook his head.
“I don’t think so, Paige. Grenades were anti-people weapons, right? You could shred some people if they were bunched up with one of these, but not a monster. Ironic, huh?”
He glanced up. Paige shook her head slowly. Slowly, she bent and reached for the second sack, the much larger one.
“I was afraid you’d say that. Okay. In that case, I’ve made this.”
This time she pulled out a bomb. Daly recoiled; this wasn’t a grenade. It was a bit smaller than a basketball, with an iron outer shell and a wick. It looked like a bomb from a cartoon. But the way Paige held it, and the look on her face…
“You carried that around?”
“What am I supposed to do, cart it? And if you use this—if anyone does, they have to stand some bouncing. I’m going to light this, so you and I need to run at least a hundred feet out of the trees. See this fuse?”
She indicated the very long piece of string. Daly stared at it.
“A hundred feet? We won’t even see—”
“You don’t want to see it any closer. Believe me. You get back. I’m lighting this thing. I’ve filled this with shrapnel. A hundred feet out of the trees at least. I’m running for two hundred and you and I are staying close to the ground. There’s an incline over there; we take cover behind it.”
Paige set the bomb down. Daly hesitated. Then he turned and ran. He found the incline and, panting, crouched down behind it. He glanced up and saw Paige running after him. She tumbled over the rise of dirt and panted.
‘Get down!”
She lay flat. Daly hesitated.
“Hold on, we’re far enough, aren’t—”
“Get down, you idiot! Or do you want to be hit! Cover your face and stay down! Shrapnel could still hit—”
Maybe this fuse was faster, or the run had taken longer than Daly thought. Either way, this time the explosion made his heart stop. It was so loud, he heard his ears ringing.
They had to have heard that in Talenqual! What if someone investigates?
Daly nearly got up but Paige held him down. She waited for ten seconds. Only then did she get up.
“Let’s see.”
This time the blast wasn’t hard to miss. Nor was the destruction. Daly stared at the shredded tree trunks, and then at a tree. It had fallen down, and he could see a few bits of metal embedded in the trunk. Shakily, he looked over at Paige.
“You could blow up a house with that! And you had that in your workshop?”
“I kept it locked away. But yes, I did. And you asked me to make this thing.”
That was true. But Daly still couldn’t believe it. He looked at Paige, shaking his head.
“You made a bomb? Just like that?”
