6.20 D
Page 4
“We could capture it. If you have more ropes and you think we could, Sir Daly—we could drag it back to Talenqual. It would be an effort, but I think many [Beast Masters] would pay a lot of gold for a snake like this.”
“Seriously?”
The Dullahan nodded seriously. She kept her eyes on the serpent all the while; it was fighting the ropes and Daly could see some of the fibers snapping; the nets wouldn’t hold forever.
“Snakes can be trained. Or kept as a pet, even. And if you breed them for food or eggs…”
“Daly.”
Siri came up, panting. The other Bushrangers were on their feet, even Kami, and they looked tired, but mostly unhurt. Daly hesitated. All eyes were on him, both his team’s and the Rustless Guard. He thought for a second then shook his head.
“No. Too risky. We can’t haul it all the way, and I don’t trust our ropes. Take it out, Captain Edima.”
“Yes, sir. You, you, and—”
Edima turned instantly and selected three of her people. Daly didn’t watch them take out the final snake. He looked at Siri.
“Help them out. I’m checking on Dawson.”
She nodded. She had a coil of rope slung over her shoulder and her crossbow in her other hand, loaded and aimed at the ground.
“Got it. You want me to shoot the eyes out?”
“Apparently we can get as much as a gold coin for each eye. So no, not unless they’re struggling.”
Siri nodded. Daly jogged back through the trees. He found Dawson sitting with his back to the tree. Tofte was covering him with a crossbow and shortsword. The young man from Norway looked up sharply.
“How’s it?”
“All sorted. Dawson, mate. How’re you doing?”
The Australian grinned palely at Daly.
“Fuck me, Daly. I think I’ve dislocated my shoulder. And my leg’s twisted or—my damn gri-gri broke!”
Daly nodded. He’d seen the metal piece snap off during the descent. He couldn’t think of anything to say, though. Sorry it happened? Too bad?
“Glad you didn’t fall further. Too bad you didn’t fall on your head though; you’d be fine, then.”
Dawson laughed, swore, and cursed Daly at the same time. The Australian breathed a sigh of relief. He straightened and looked at Tofte.
“We’re going to need a stretcher.”
“I can walk. Just give me a shoulder—”
“Forget it. We’ll get Edima’s squad to help us out. For now—let’s get one worked out. Tofte, break out those blankets from the packs…”
And then it was over. Edima’s squad finished off their serpent without more than a bite on one of the Dullahan’s arms, and healing potions sorted out the rest. They came over, panting, drinking water, stamina potions or healing potions, and gathered around Dawson. Daly started giving orders after a short break.
“Alright, we’ve nearly got a stretcher worked out. Tofte’s got crafting Skills. Edima, anyone in your team have any classes in crafting?”
The Dullahan shook her head. She was washing her iron armor off; bugs were already landing and circling.
“I’m afraid I don’t. How is your man? Is he injured beyond a healing potion?”
“Shoulder’s dislocated. According to Geneva, we don’t want to use a healing potion. She needs to set it right. And his leg…I’m not sure how bad it is.”
“Doctor G will put me right. Don’t you dare pour a healing potion on me.”
Dawson groaned. He was fading. Daly looked around quickly.
“Siri.”
“Right here.”
The Swedish girl was cutting some rope up to help make the stretcher. Daly nodded in the direction of the main road, some three miles south of here.
