6.20 D
Page 11
“I’m good. Doctor Geneva set my arm, which hurt like—but she fixed my foot too. Says I need two days of rest, but if we really have a job…”
“Would I do that to you?”
“Yes.”
Daly grinned as he offered Dawson the bottle. Dawson grunted appreciatively; he liked wine better than beer or spirits, especially the sweeter varieties you could buy. Kirana tutted.
“No drinking from the bottle, please! Here.”
She went into the kitchen and got a cup for Dawson. He poured himself a big drink as some more people came down the stairs.
“Hey Lorenzo, Nicola.”
Daly greeted the two Italians who were walking downstairs. Lorenzo waved and spoke in somewhat mangled English.
“Hello, Daly. You came back?”
Daly paused and enunciated clearly for their benefit.
“From adventuring? Yeah. We got back. We have wine. Want some?”
He pointed. Lorenzo and Nicola brightened considerably. But Kirana fended them off, much to their dismay.
“At dinner! Dinner! We can have some.”
“He has some.”
“He fell out of a tree!”
“Out of a…?”
“Tree. Yeah. It’s…Nicola?”
“Albero. È caduto da un albero.”
“Oh! How?”
Daly laughed. He tried to explain while Paige helped herself to some of Siri’s gin. Kirana took the two bottles away before more could be shared as the others came back. And soon it was time for dinner.
“Oh boy. What’re we eating today?”
“Dum aloo—potatoes and a curry sauce with rice. Also, we have some salads, some sweet muffins for desert that Priya has baked. But our main dish is steak.”
Daly’s mouth began to water at once. Dawson heaved himself up at once.
“Steak? I love the sound of that!”
“Sit back down. We’ll bring it over.”
Paige pointed at the couch. Dawson lay back, grinning happily. Then he frowned.
“Wait. I thought Indian people can’t eat cows or something.”
“Beef. And that’s not an issue.”
The two Australians frowned.
“Why wouldn’t that be—”
And then Daly realized. He roared in outrage.
“Wait a second, we’re eating snake?”
 
—-
 
“To be fair, it was really good snake.”
Daly burped. He had to hand it to Kirana; she’d turned the snake meat from the giant snakes into something that wasn’t only palatable, but tasty. Everyone had stuffed themselves on meat, while the vegetarians that were left had eaten the dum aloo, which really was delicious.
Daly had to admit, ever since Kirana had begun managing the kitchen, the food had turned from passable to downright delicious. If you added that to their new living environs, their teamwork with the Rustless Guard and all the little updates since Geneva had made her big breakthrough…he actually felt good. Strange as that was, Daly felt good about life here. And how crazy was that?
It wasn’t perfect of course. It was just better. Paige had taken one look at the Bushranger’s gold and told Daly a third building wasn’t an option.
“We can’t afford the rent yet. I want to have gold in case of emergencies and even with our jobs, three buildings is pushing it with the other projects we’re committing to. Miss Hastel is charging us as little rent as possible, but we still need to pay her.”
“Hey, I get it. No worries, Paige. We’ve got a lot more room than we did in the old place even with this. Where’s Geneva?”
Daly hadn’t seen her at dinner. Paige sighed.
“At her clinic. She’s working on a new procedure or her antibiotics or something. If she’s not back in an hour I’ll get someone to fetch her.”
“Gotcha. Ken and Aiko, how’s your side of things? Anything happen while we were on our trip?”
