6.21 D
Page 7
Venaz rubbed his hands together, grinning unpleasantly. Marian sighed, but turned and deliberately walked in front of Venaz, showing him her behind. He stepped out of her way, grunting irritably; the sound of both his and Marian’s hooves clicking on the floor was the only sound for a moment.
“So, anyone here read the latest installation of that [Strategist] from Liscor? You know, Olesm whatshisface?”
Umina spoke up brightly. Yerranola chuckled and Cameral nodded.
“I paid for an early edition. Why? You read it too?”
“I got ahold of one. Just the [Message] spell; I hear there were maps, but I didn’t get sent one. Mind if I borrow it?”
“Oh, sure, sure. But I bet the Professor will have something to say when he reads it. Have you read it, you lot?”
The Selphid looked around. Venaz shook his head.
“I didn’t think it was worth paying for. Why? Has he included more chess strategies? The Professor’s only interested in that new game, Go, anyways.”
“He’s got chess and Go and something else. Actual strategy! He wrote his analysis of the Siege of Liscor.”
“Really?”
The other students looked around. They were, after all, [Strategists] as well. Yerranola grinned widely.
“Yep. But his analysis…I’m not going to say he’s wrong, but you have to read it. I’ve got a copy ready to show the Professor if he hasn’t read one yet.”
“I bet he has a copy himself. There’s no way he wouldn’t.”
“Yes, but he might not have read it yet. And let me tell you, when he does—”
“Just spit it out, Yerranola! Cameral, what does it say?”
The Dullahan was frowning.
“It was about Goblins. You see, this Olesm Swifttail seems to think that Goblins saved Liscor. He even went to go as far as to say they might actually be potential allies, not monsters. He cited several Hobgoblins and a tribe that—”
“He said what?”
Venaz’s voice made Perorn turned around. The [Strategist] glared at the Minotaur.
“Quiet. My class is up ahead. You all proceed down to meet Lord Astoragon. In silence.”
Her look made the Minotaur flush. Perorn stepped into one of the advanced classes and the rest of the students followed her, keeping silent until they reached the first floor. The Venaz whirled on Cameral, Yerranola, and Umina.
“Someone wrote that? Show me the article. This is outrageous. If that idiot thinks—Goblins? I’ll write in myself to tell him how idiotic that notion is.”
Umina raised a placating claw.
“Don’t worry, Venaz. You’re not alone. I think half the [Strategists] on Izril will be kicking down his door, never mind the ones overseas. I don’t know what possessed this Drake to write it, though.”
“I just want to see what the Professor says.”
Yerranola chuckled. Venaz calmed down a bit, but he stomped ahead, angrily muttering about idiots. Marian looked at Umina.
“You’re still keeping tabs on Liscor? Or just that chess magazine thing?”
The Lizardgirl swished her tail idly. She noticed some of the others looking at her sidelong.
“Just a bit about Liscor. The Professor did have his big lecture on the siege, remember? And there’s that dungeon…mind you, I’m more interested in Chandrar at the moment. Remember the King of Destruction’s announcement a few days back? Now that’s going to be huge news. I bet the Professor brings it up first.”
The others nodded and Umina sighed internally as they began to discuss the dramatic events from a moment back. War in Chandrar. But that was normal. Liscor on the other hand…she noticed Marian smiling at her and pretended nonchalance.
