6.21 D
Page 37
Marian calmly shot back. The half-Elf glared.
“Well, I’m glad about that. We’re intending to take first place too, you know. Don’t forget about us while you snipe at each other.”
He and his table turned their backs. Umina stared at the half-Elf. Venaz looked amused.
“Was that a challenge?”
Feshi grinned. She eyed the other students and spoke loudly and casually.
“They’re going to try and foul us up. Not that subtle, yes? I suppose the other classes are working in concert against ours.”
The backs of the other students stiffened slightly. Feshi grinned. Venaz just waved a hand.
“Rabble multiplied is still rabble.”
For a second Umina thought the Dullahans would turn around and throw their drinks at him. But then just got up and left. Marian exhaled slowly.
“Venaz, you have a talent for picking fights.”
He shrugged, unmoved.
“They clearly wanted to provoke us. I simply baited their trap. Knocking a few candidates out of the race wouldn’t bother me unduly.”
“Should I check my bedding for poison, then?”
Umina joked lamely. Venaz glanced down at her.
“Not from me. But this is a competition. And I regard the stakes as significant. Don’t you?”
The others fell silent. After a moment, Feshi cleared her throat.
“Alright. To my purpose in coming here. I’m not saying we have to team up. But…there’s no rule against it. I have been speaking with the others. And the Professor’s only rule is literally ‘don’t kill anyone’. So our class has decided on a truce.”
Venaz snorted softly. The Gnoll frowned irritably at him and then went on.
“Truce. Everyone here doesn’t attack each other unless our plans get in each other’s way. We’ll have enough trouble getting past our pursuers and the other students. I noticed in the supply reports the Professor had us doing that there’s a big increase in the provisions in Daquin. At least enough for a thousand soldiers. Maybe two thousand.”
Marian sucked her breath in sharply.
“That’s going to be a nightmare to evade. Forget running about.”
Cameral shrugged. He’d put his head on his shoulders, perhaps wary of a brawl.
“It’s still possible. Daquin is a big city. But if you add that to whatever hunters the Professor brings in…sometimes the graduates bring in their own hunting groups. Especially if they’re big names.”
“What I’m worried about is who the Professor brings in to hunt us. He could call on any of his graduates. And he’s trained…how many [Strategists] over the years?”
Marian frowned. She scratched at the table. Umina sat upright. She’d had a terrible thought.
“Oh dead gods. What if it’s Miss Perorn?”
The others looked at her. Cameral shook his head. It wobbled on his shoulders.
“No. That would be…unfair.”
Umina looked at him. The Dullahan hesitated.
“Even for the Professor. Surely?”
“Think about it. She’s been teaching us this last month. If the Fleethoof herself leads the hunt, how fast do you think she’ll catch us? She could run half of us down herself!”
The others sucked in their breaths. Venaz bit his lip. His crossed legs began to jiggle and the table shook.
“I would…I relish the competition.”
“You would! I’d be scared hoofless if I had to run from Lady Perorn!”
Marian looked pale at the thought. Umina was muttering to herself, getting more and more nervous.
“If we see her in the group going to Daquin…aw, no. I’m getting chilled just thinking about it. And remember what the Professor said? There might be a huge audience this time. This could be my chance to land a really big job after I graduate. Especially with Chandrar and the King of Destruction…”
“Are you thinking of working in Chandrar?”
