6.21 D
Page 5
Venaz looked disbelievingly at the quills. Marian sighed and Yerranola raised her brows. Umina knew how it looked. Scattershot Porcupines were not a threat. Oh, they could fire their quills, which turned the already dicey business of getting near a porcupine into a positive threat, but they were hardly able to kill in most cases. But Perorn only noted down the detail. She glanced up.
“I see. The name?”
“Uh…they didn’t have one.”
The Centauress paused. Her eyes flicked up to Umina. And a small smile crossed her stern face. She also had a scar running down one cheek, but it was nearly invisible except if you were up close. Healing potions usually covered most injuries anyways.
“Ah. I’ll note that. Next?”
Umina laid down her burden on top of Venaz’ Mossbear pelt, which was being used to hold most of the trophies. She felt encouraged by Perorn’s smile; she might be right after all! Then she turned to watch Wil step up. He was, of course, empty-handed. Perorn gave him a severe look.
“Lord Kallinad, do you have anything to present?”
The young man flushed and Umina winced as Wil Kallinad, one of the two Humans in this class, shook his head. He looked miserable, even more so than Jekilt and Yerranola had been.
“I do not, Strategist Perorn. The adventuring team I contacted failed during their mission.”
Perorn adjusted her spectacles as she stared down at Wil.
“To what extent?”
He hesitated.
“Six out of the nine adventurers perished, Miss Perorn.”
“Ooh.”
Umina’s gasp was part of the class’ groan out loud. Marian leaned over.
“Wil was told to hire a Gold-rank team, wasn’t he?”
“Yeah. I guess they got beaten. The Professor’s going to chew him out about that!”
The Lizardgirl shuddered. Perorn stared at Wil, then made a short note on her paper.
“I see. Thank you. Well, that’s all for me. I’ll leave this here—”
She flicked the clipboard onto the lectern and turned.
“Follow me. I’ll take you down to Lord Astoragon. My class is on the way.”
She trotted out the door. The others followed her, abandoning the paper and quills they normally brought along. If they were going outside, notes would just get dirty. Umina walked after Marian. The Centauress and the other students formed a group that followed Perorn at a respectful distance. Marian looked slightly aghast.
“Miss Perorn came here just to take notes and lead us? Surely someone else could have done that. A [Servant] could have done the job!”
“She likes making sure things are done. Remember when we saw her taking over for one of the [Tacticians] one day?”
Umina shrugged. Marian grumbled as she trotted a hair faster.
“But still. It’s her. I know we have the Professor around all the time, but…her?”
The Lizardgirl nodded. She understood the feeling. She watched as Perorn trotted down the Centaur ramps as opposed to the narrower stairwell. Perorn was a teacher, but she didn’t have the [Teacher] class. Rather, she was one of the instructors that the Titan employed out of his own company; Perorn was a [Strategist] in the Forgotten Wing company, a figure of renown in her own right.
Umina had studied three of her campaigns in class—the Centauress was fifty one, had slain over sixty enemy [Generals] and leaders in combat, fought for three years in Rhir against the Demons, and even taken down a small army of Trolls and other giant humanoids during the Mountainkin Incursions eight years back! If you knew [Strategists], you would know her name. Perorn Sadiluc, or, if you wanted her nickname, ‘Fleethoof’.
