6.21 D
Page 34
Yerra slapped Wil on the shoulder as she drained her mug. If Umina and Marian were a pair, Yerranola and Wil often sat together, although Umina wasn’t sure if the Selphid was just forcing her company on Wil. He didn’t seem to mind, and Cameral was often a seatmate of the two. The Dullahan had removed his head and was offering his head a finger-sized bowl to sip from. His head spoke as his body got up and left the table, possibly to pee.
“Everyone wants to win. But what’s troubling you, Wil? Umina, you look similarly dispirited. Unless I’m prying?”
His eyes shifted towards the Lizardgirl and then away, wary of intruding. Umina smiled.
“No, not much, Cameral. I’m just down about the competition too. I don’t see myself winning.”
“I do.”
“Shut up, Venaz.”
Marian glared at him. Wil shook his head, still looking troubled.
“I’m trying to win, Cameral. I realize that’s a bold claim especially with—”
He indicated his peers, who were some of the best in the Titan’s class.
“—as well as the other students competing. But I think I have a chance. And I’ve made…extensive preparations. It’s just—have any of you actually had a command, before? Outside of the Professor’s lessons? I know you have, Yerra.”
The Selphid nodded.
“Definitely. The Professor made me lead one of his wings on campaign one time. That was terrifying, right, Marian?”
“Yup. We did it, but we had a bunch of officers standing by. So it’s not the same.”
The Centaur sipped from her glass. Wil nodded.
“I’ve done that too. Only, the Professor’s always there so I know that if I really make a mistake, he might catch me. I mean, no one’s there to stop you and if you make a mistake, people die. Or you create a huge incident. Have you ever been in that position?”
All of the others, excepting Venaz, shook their heads. The Minotaur grunted.
“Of course.”
He looked around as his friends gave him skeptical looks. Venaz glared.
“Do you think my people would have sent me here without practical experience. I’ve led more than one mission where people could have died or did die. It’s not fun.”
“Did you ever make a bad mistake?”
Wil looked at Venaz. The Minotaur hesitated.
“Once. I haven’t forgotten it.”
“How do you know if you’re right?”
Umina watched as the powerful drink Venaz was imbibing noticeable lowered in his tankard. Venaz wiped his mouth.
“I thought I was right. Why? Are you hesitating over some decision?”
The young man from Terandria nodded quietly. He traced on the well-worn table.
“I’ve made the calculations. And I’m sure my reasoning is right. But if I’m wrong? It’s such a big leap. And if it pays off? I could be set up. But if I’m wrong…I’ll embarrass myself and cause—”
He grimaced and took a long drink. No one pressed him for details. Venaz sat back in his chair, eying Wil. Yerra sipped from her mug.
“It’s not the end of the world if we screw up, Wil. Granted, I don’t know what your plan is, but the worst we can do is look like idiots. I’m fine with that.”
She glanced around with a quick smile. Wil drained his mug and waved for another.
“If only it were me, Yerra. Then I’d be fine. But this involves my family. You know I’m from the high nobility in Terandria?”
The others nodded. Marian shot Umina a quick glance; the Lizardgirl just kept drinking, listening. Wil sounded awful, which somehow made her feel better. He went on as he received and drank his new round.
“I’m a second son. Not as important as my older brother, but a lot of hopes are on me. My family paid a fortune for me to be here. I realize I’m not as gifted as…”
