6.21 D
Page 22
“Their [Mage]’s aim, and their [Hunter]. Yes, sir. As for why I thought this was the most pressing threat—this particular group of porcupines had been straying near villages and more than one child had been hit by quills from them. They might not have killed anyone, but they were encroaching into Lizardfolk territory. And that might be more of a threat than a known Armorgator or Mossbears who stay in their homes. No offense, Marian, Venaz.”
Umina looked at her classmates. Marian blinked at her. Niers was grinning. He applauded softly.
“Well done. That’s excellent reasoning.”
“Oh, but there’s one more thing, Professor.”
The Lizardgirl looked at the Fraerling. He raised one eyebrow.
“Oh? Enlighten me.”
“The Scattershot Porcupines were encroaching into Lizardfolk territory, but they were also migrating into the forest. Near a Fraerling village, sir.”
The room went silent. Niers looked up sharply. He stared at Umina, then he nodded.
“Ah. In that case, you have my thanks twice over. The smallest of creatures can destroy a Fraerling village if things go wrong. And if the Tallguard had to fight a pack…a quill can go straight through a Fraerling. Well done, then. Well done indeed.”
“Thank you, Professor.”
Umina sat, and felt that triumphant bubbling in her chest. Marian leaned over and whispered to her.
“You didn’t tell me that!”
“It was part of the exercise. Not everything’s about size, Marian.”
“Exactly.”
Niers had overhead the two. Umina blushed and Marian sat up. The Fraerling looked up at them with a faint smile.
“This lesson was to help you deal with adventuring teams, which I’m sure you will all have to do. Monsters are tricky and adventurers, for all their quirks, are better than [Soldiers] at dealing with them. You were also tasked with identifying which threats would be too much for your teams and which were the most pressing. Umina clearly focused on the societal impact, while Venaz and Marian weight in on threat-analysis. Neither approach was wrong. With that said, Wil. Do you have an answer?”
The Lizardgirl sat in her seat, a bit red with the gentle rebuke. Wil got to his feet, then remembered he didn’t have to stand and sat back down, flushing. Then he stood back up anyways.
“I do, sir. And I think it was just…bad luck.”
“Bad luck?”
Venaz looked incredulous. Wil halted and Niers gave Venaz a reproving look.
“Bad luck is a legitimate answer, Venaz. Go on, Wil.”
“It was…the Cyclops had a den set up and I informed the team of where it was. However, I didn’t know another team had been pursuing the monster. A different contract on the same Cyclops. Both teams ran into each other by accident as the first tried to smoke the Cyclops out. And the other team hunting it was Silver-rank. Unprepared. They hadn’t told anyone in their guild they were going after the Cyclops; there was no way of knowing.”
Niers grimaced.
“Unprepared adventurers going after a bigger score in desperation. I’m familiar with that all too well. Go on.”
“Well, as I heard it from the survivors, they found the first team right as the Cyclops emerged from the den. It went after the [Mages] first—by luck, perhaps—and from then on…”
Umina listened to Wil’s account of his team’s demise, wincing along with the rest. It had indeed been a very poor encounter thanks to the first Silver-rank team’s bungling, and both teams had lost nearly all their members. Niers shook his head when the story was over.
