6.21 D
Page 18
“If it hadn’t been that damn mud—that’s twice now the Professor’s used hidden weapons on me! His Selphids came onto the field having already swapped their gear! If I’d have seen them do it—”
“—Then it wouldn’t be a surprise, Venaz. Honestly, you should have expected it.”
The Minotaur sneered at Marian, in too poor a mood for even an attempt at civility.
“What would you have done, tried to hit-and-run his forces? He would have chopped your riders up like the last four times he did it.”
Marian colored. She opened her mouth and Umina jumped in.
“I’m sure the Professor was expecting you to try for a charge, Venaz. This was a battle he was supposed to win, to give those students a taste of war. And you got his command. Let’s wait to see what he says, alright?”
The Minotaur growled, but he subsided and Marian didn’t poke him further as they went back to their classroom. There they milled about, chuckling over the battle and speculating over some of the new students’ aptitude. They didn’t have to wait long. Soon enough, a door set into the ceiling opened and someone walked out.
There were small doors set high up in each room of the Titan’s citadel. The Fraerling’s tiny walkways. And there were little ramps that let them walk down. The Fraerling marched out of the door and leapt—from his walkway to the lectern. It was a six foot drop, but none of his students so much as batted an eye; they’d seen him do it many times before.
“Good morning, class! And what have we learned today?”
The Titan of Baleros was in good spirits. He beamed at his class and especially at Venaz. They laughed as they took their seats. The Minotaur folded his arms and growled.
“To not trust the Titan of Baleros to fight fair?”
Niers Astoragon raised an eyebrow.
“I thought that was obvious, Venaz. But come, aside from my little trick, does anyone else have any observations?”
Marian snorted. The Centauress raised one hand as she took a seat, folding her hindquarters into the padded cushions designed for her people.
“I do. Venaz, this ‘lead from the front’ strategy you’re always preaching got your entire force wiped out. Again. Haven’t you learned your lesson by now?”
The Minotaur colored again. He swiveled in his seat and looked up at Marian with a scowl.
“Better aggression than cowardice. Or how would you have taken out a superior, ranged force? Danced about while they shot you to pieces? I knew the Professor had pikes. So I risked a frontal charge—”
“And then you got cut to pieces. You even missed the Professor when you attacked his command force.”
Marian taunted Venaz from her higher seat. The Minotaur opened his mouth furiously, but Niers forestalled another huge argument between the two.
“Marian. Thank you, you’ve made your points.”
The Centaur ducked her head at his reproving tone. Niers looked at Venaz.
“Do you have anything to say yourself, Venaz?”
Almost sulkily, the Minotaur folded his arms and looked down at the desk in front of him.
“If it were anyone but you, sir, my strategy would have been sound! Once I took out the enemy command, their army would be left without a leader. I could then rally my forces and retreat or retrench and win the battle.”
“But the crossbows—”
Venaz glared at Wil.
“I could block one volley with my [Arrowguard Formation] Skill! I didn’t use any because the Professor didn’t. And with his demise, we could have used the fallen bodies as shields.”
“But wouldn’t the crossbows still have—”
“Not if he was there!”
