6.21 D
Page 16
“Well, they’re all due for a new body thanks to Venaz’ tactics. The Professor really must have shook him; he got his infantry butchered without so much as using a Skill.”
Marian nodded. She snatched the spectacles and peered around.
“Where’s that idiot got to? He’s oh, hold on! Look at that!”
She pointed. Suddenly, Umina saw a group moving forwards, despite the routing infantry. It was Venaz and his command unit of thirty. He’d advanced around the main body of his infantry, using them as a shield! Now his remaining [Riders] streamed towards Niers’ infantry, cutting them off as they tried to turn and block them. But Venaz and his thirty-some soldiers were charging. Straight at Niers’ command unit!
“It was all a decoy? Look, he’s going for the Professor! Will the crossbows get him?”
They hadn’t noticed Venaz’ group in the chaos of the students fleeing. Umina saw a command go out and the archers turn. But it was too late.
“Look, they’re firing—but now it’s too close!”
Venaz was leading his command straight at Niers as the crossbow bolts fell around him. Eight or so of his thirty soldiers went down from the sudden volley, but the rest made it. And now it was a melee between both sides and if the crossbows shot, they’d risk hitting their own side!
“Dead gods! It’s ten vs thirty! And the Professor can’t fight!”
Alarmed, Marian stared through the spectacles. The laughter in the stands had ceased. Umina got to her feet.
“Wait, what if he falls. If they trample him—”
“He’s got magical artifacts, right?”
The others clustered around Marian, trying to squint and see the distant commotion that was the last fight on the battlefield. Marian shook her head urgently.
“He does, I’m sure. But does this mean…Venaz won?”
The others stared at each other. Niers had lost training exercises before, but it was rarer than a blue moon when it actually happened. Had Venaz’ last-ditch gamble worked? Umina couldn’t believe it. This was such a simple exercise! Both sides hadn’t employed any Skills or real tactics; it was just to teach the new students a lesson. But had Venaz really…?
Then she heard a voice, roaring across the battlefield. Amplified, loud as anything—
“Volley!”
The crossbows rose. Umina’s eyes widened. They took aim.
“They’re shooting at the Professor’s command?”
In disbelief, Marian exclaimed. The bolts flew and cut down the Selphids fighting between Venaz and Niers’ command units. Selphids on both sides lay down, shouting as they pretended to be writhing in agony. Umina saw Venaz turning his head in disbelief. And he was staring at the wooden dais, knocking it over, snarling—
“He’s not there!”
Umina watched as the second volley cut down Niers’ troops and Venaz’s. The ranged unit reloaded and fired again, and the Selphids obligingly lay down. A third volley took out the rest, until only a single Minotaur was left standing, furious, painted with the colors of a dozen crossbow bolts.
“Hold! Battle’s over! Hold!”
The shout went up across the battlefield. The remaining warriors put down their arms. Umina laughed in delight as she suddenly got it. Cameral, Wil, more than half the group was smiling. Marian’s eyes widened as she stared at the unit of archers with the enchanted spectacles. She chortled as well.
“Excellent! Venaz is never going to live this down.”
She pointed. And as Umina and the others leapt down the stands, they saw him. The Titan. He was standing on the helmet of one of his Selphids. The Titan bellowed cheerfully, waving his arms.
“The battle’s over! Training soldiers, stop harassing my new students, please!”
