6.21 D
Page 4
The young man shook his head. He was a [Lord], and as such, and because he was Human, he was more fully-dressed and better dressed than anyone else in the room. Umina had noticed Humans liked to cover a lot of their bodies; compared to her light clothing or Cameral, who just wore his steel armor, Will was fully dressed in a dark blue tunic and leggings that wouldn’t have been amiss at court. Whereas Marian and Jekilt only wore clothing on their upper bodies. And Venaz…well, he was dressed, but somehow, the bare-chested Minotaur seemed as fitting as clothing for him. He was glaring at Marian as she needled him.
“Three Mossbears, Venaz? You could have done better, I’m sure. My Armorgator was over twenty feet long. More than enough to swallow a Mossbear whole, I bet.”
He snorted angrily. Yerranola rolled her eyes.
“They’re already getting into it before class.”
She looked at Umina. The Lizardgirl shrugged helplessly. Marian was her best friend in class, but the Centauress and Venaz got along like fire and oil. In that when you put them together, they tended to combust. Venaz snorted as he clenched one fist.
“If I’d been allowed to take part myself or lead the team—it’s quality that counts, Marian. Quality. You and I were both assigned Silver-rank teams.”
“And I did better. Come on, admit it.”
“The Professor will judge us. Where is he, anyways?”
“I saw him outside. We’re going to meet with him soon, I think. We just…”
Cameral cut off. The other students looked around as the door opened. A Centauress trotted into the room. But she wasn’t one of the students. She was in her mid-forties, had a pair of spectacles, a slight limp on her back right leg, and a scar on her right flank that reached down to said leg. But she moved swiftly and the students immediately stopped talking and looked at her.
“Miss Perorn, good morning.”
Cameral and two of the Dullahans present immediately took off their heads and inclined their head with their hands, a Dullahans’ bow. Marian and Jekilt inclined their torsos as well. Umina didn’t, but that was because there really was no need. It was just that the Dullahans felt the need to show the courtesy and the Centaurs respected the teacher who’d just come in. Perorn, the Centauress, walked past the podium and turned.
“Good morning. I won’t keep you long. This morning’s class is cancelled as Lord Astoragon has another class to teach. A new group of potential students has arrived, and he intends to lead this morning’s class. Thus, you will leave your…homework…here and head straight down to the training grounds. I will inspect your results first, however. Please present your results if you have them, or give me a short verbal report in front of the class.”
She gestured at Venaz. The Minotaur immediately stepped forwards and showed her the Mossbear pelt.
“A trio of Mossbears. I contracted the Silver-rank team, Thunri Dwarves, to deal with them.”
Perorn had a clipboard. She noted down Venaz’ details swiftly.
“I see. Any casualties?”
“None.”
“Thank you. Please place the pelts…here. I suppose Niers—Lord Astoragon—will want to inspect them later.”
Perorn sighed and indicated a space behind the lectern with one hoof. Venaz placed his pelt down carefully and Marian stepped up. Umina and the others got into line. She was near the end and noted Wil was right behind her. He looked downcast.
“It’ll be okay.”
“You haven’t heard what happened.”
“Next?”
The line moved fast; Perorn asked only for basic details. Umina showed her the quills.
“Scattershot Porcupines. I had the Bronze-rank team assignment.”
