6.21 D
Page 32
“What’s gotten you so upset, Umina? You were buzzing in class when the Professor complimented you on your strategy. And he chewed me out for my strategy.”
She tossed her head. Umina ducked to avoid being slapped by Marian’s hair. She hesitated, and then muttered.
“I don’t think I’m going to do well, Marian.”
“What makes you say that?”
The Centauress looked over her shoulder as she walked down the street. A few Lizardpeople waved at Umina and she waved back, trying to smile. She knew that they could tell it was fake, but at least they were out of range before they could come over and ask what was wrong. She had Marian for that.
“It’s just…I know you made preparations for the games.”
Marian nearly missed a step. Her hooves clicked on the smooth paving stones.
“I have. Not as much as the others, maybe. Why?”
“I haven’t done a thing?”
“What? Really?”
The Centauress looked astonished. Umina shook her head miserably.
“I can’t afford to.”
“But you did so well at his other assignments. Like the adventurers—”
“You know the Professor normally gives us a budget. I use his budget. I can’t pay for anything else. Especially not traps or potions or…anything.”
“But if it’s just a few potions or a little ring, surely—”
“Marian. You know I—you know what? Look.”
Umina grabbed her coin pouch. She’d never shown Marian it explicitly. Why would she? The Centauress had never needed to ask. Now Umina shoved the pouch in front of Marian and opened it.
“Well, that’s not so bad if you—”
“That’s all I have. If I use that, I don’t eat, Marian.”
“Oh.”
For a while, Marian’s hooves were the only sound the two made. The Centauress blinked at Umina, looking ahead now and then to make sure she didn’t run into anyone.
“That explains why you don’t always drink with us. Or buy much. Cameral thought you were just bad at handling alcohol. I thought that too.”
“You weigh three times what I do.”
“Only three?”
That made Umina smile a bit. Marian picked up her pace.
“I didn’t know you were that tight on coin, Umina. But you don’t fall behind all of us. If anything, everyone else thinks you’re serious competition.”
“No they don’t.”
A hand ungently flicked Umina across her forehead. The Lizardgirl recoiled. Marian frowned at her.
“Yes they do. You got into our class based on pure talent. That’s more than anyone else can say. Everyone else paid more to get into this class, including me. You were in the one year program and the Professor let you join our class!”
“I guess I did. But you’re all still as good as me. You beat me last time we faced each other.”
“Because you fell off your horse. That doesn’t count. You trounced Venaz three times so far; no one else has done that. My best is two wins in a row.”
“Well, I’m glad you think I’ll do so well. But it doesn’t change the fact that I can’t pay for any preparations. Or artifacts. Someone casts a [Scrying] spell and they’ll find me in a moment.”
Umina flopped over Marian’s back. The Centauress hesitated.
“It’s not all about—”
“Say it’s not all about money and I’ll pull your tail, Marian. I know how much you have.”
“…Sorry.”
The two trotted along. Umina could tell they were entering the entertainment district of the city, which was wide and prosperous; Niers’ students liked to use their free time and they often had coin to spend. Most of them, at any rate. Marian frowned at a few students as they passed by.
