6.21 D
Page 35
He looked sideways at Umina and the Lizardgirl blushed. She opened her mouth, but Wil shook his head.
“I know I earned my place in the Professor’s class. But I still had to pay part of my way in. I worked hard to stay, but my family’s invested a lot in me. I can’t let them down. And if I embarrass them with everyone watching? What then?”
The others nodded. Marian patted Wil on the back.
“I know what you mean. My clan’s going to be watching the games too.”
“And my family. You are not alone, Wil. The thought of embarrassing myself—I’d rather strip off my armor and walk around naked for a day.”
Cameral gravely announced to the table as his body came back, wiping its hands with a handkerchief. Everyone looked at him. Coming from Cameral, that meant a lot. Yerra grinned uncertainly.
“I don’t know about all that. But we all want to win. No hard feelings if we lose, right?”
She nudged Wil. The young man stared into his mug. He had three sitting next to him. And it hadn’t been long since they’d started drinking! He shook his head again. Umina felt it was her chance to chime in.
“Wil.”
He looked at her. Umina hesitated, then tossed him her coin pouch.
“That’s what I’ve got.”
He blinked into the pouch. Venaz leaned over.
“Hmf. Well, that’s a relief for me.”
“You jerk.”
“Ooh, that’s tough. You mean that’s all you have to spend?”
“She means that’s all she has, period, Yerra.”
The others fell silent. Wil looked at Umina. She cut him off before he could grow embarrassed.
“It’s not your fault. I’m just not rich. So if I go into this competition or spend my money, I’m taking a huge risk. I might not be able to eat, or pay rent—I might have to borrow from Marian or someone else. That’s my problem. If you’re afraid of embarrassing your family…you had a chance. Whether you use it is up to you. That’s what the Professor would say, I think.”
The others fell silent. Wil silently handed Umina her pouch back. Yerra smiled.
“Spoken like the Titan himself, Umina.”
Wil nodded. He got up. The [Lord] straightened his clothes, then looked at the others, a touch unsteadily, but with a hint of steel in his gaze. The same steel he’d shown when he beat Umina or the others on the training fields.
“I’m sorry for complaining. You’re right, Umina. I’m going to do it. There’s no turning back. I wish you all the best of luck. But I intend to win.”
He walked away from the table, then came back to put a few coins down. The others watched him go in silence. Umina wondered what Wil had planned; whatever it was, she was sure it was big. Venaz broke the silence by snorting and finishing his drink.
“Insecure. One wonders how he manages to pick his clothes in the morning.”
The others let out a huge sigh. Umina wondered if that was Venaz’ way of being encouraging. Regardless, Marian still slapped his shoulder hard. He didn’t even budge.
“Didn’t he outmaneuver you in our sea training exercise, Venaz? And he’s brilliant, and I meant brilliant at logistics. Maybe he knows something we don’t. Plus, you’re forgetting something.”
“What’s that?”
“You’re an ass. Do you know how hard it is to have you in class? You don’t respect anyone but the Professor.”
The Minotaur laughed softly into his mug. He raised two fingers and a Dullahan trotted over with two more drinks. The Minotaur drained half of one in a breath, a feat that made Cameral blink, and then looked up. He surveyed his fellow students with the lofty, arrogant gaze, and then nodded slowly.
