6.21 D
Page 21
Wil sat back in his seat, breathing slowly. Yerranola offered him a drink. Umina glanced up at him; he was relaxing. The young man from Terandria was often high-strung and nervous when it came to classwork; he was steadier on the battlefield, ironically. But embarrassed though he might be if the flushed cheeks were any indication, the Titan was giving him time to recover. And Wil was taking it.
That was what the Titan’s personal class was like. Some of it was lectures, but by this stage, all of his students were expected to know a myriad of strategies and formations. Any one of them could take to the field at a moment’s notice and command an army—some of them had, in actual battles!
No, what they gained from these lessons was practical experience in the field and discussion, conversation, even arguments with Niers Astoragon himself in the class. It wasn’t a situation where you were ever totally wrong; and there was no penalty for being incorrect. You were meant to learn, and the Titan strived to make sure you did.
“…And so, I was sure that the team I hired could take on the Armorgators with zero risk, sir. If they stayed at a distance and bombarded the monster with spells the creature would never be able to snap them up. The worst that could happen was that it could retreat.”
“And so they killed the monster after a day of work. Nicely done. And it does rid the area of a large threat. Hm. I see.”
Niers nodded. He glanced around the room and raised his voice.
“As you all recall, my homework was to find a team and have them take on the most pressing threat to the area possible. Whether you were assigned Bronze, Silver, or Gold-ranks, I asked you to form a request that would see a specific team used to their best effect. Marian’s clearly done well, but I think…Umina? Would you explain these quills?”
He pointed down at the pile of quills on the Mossbear pelt. There were several chuckles from the students. Umina got up.
“Yes, sir. I believe the Scattershot Porcupines were the best threat for my team to deal with.”
Niers tapped a foot as he stood on his lectern.
“I understand Scattershot Porcupines are not exactly a dangerous threat. Except to my people. It would seem that your team could have taken on a more powerful enemy. After all, the local [Guardsmen] and even a [Mercenary] could probably handle a few errant porcupines, couldn’t they?”
He looked at Umina, with perhaps a stern look in the eye. But the Lizardgirl saw the twinkle. She smiled.
“That’s true, sir. But may I present my argument?”
“By all means.”
“Then, firstly, I’ll say that my Bronze-rank team had no name listed. And they didn’t when I hired them.”
“I did see that. Was there some reason for this? An unregistered team, perhaps?”
Umina shook her head.
“No, sir. The reason was that they were still arguing about what the name should be. The team I hired was the greenest, newest team I could find that I thought had potential.”
There was a shift in the classroom. Marian blinked as she looked sidelong at Umina. Niers smiled.
“I see. You wouldn’t task a team like that with a big threat, would you?”
“No sir. And Scattershot Porcupines are dangerous. One can put out an eye; they can also run away fast. A team has to learn to flank them, keep them from running, even track them down. Especially if their [Mages] have poor aim. It took my team five days to eliminate all of them. And I put a bounty on each head they brought me, and gave them an exclusive contract.”
The Titan smiled.
“I see. So you were training them?”
