6.22 D
Page 2
“Right. Right! It’s great for hiding. There’re a few high spots. That large tower, there—”
She pointed to an extraordinarily high tower nearly half again the size of the building below it. Marian nodded.
“Looks like an archer’s tower. Or a watch tower. Either way, you could put someone up there to watch for [Pirate] raids or armies. Set up a high-level [Sniper] or [Mage] with long-distance spells…nice defensive spot.”
Yerranola laughed as she strode into the city. She elbowed the Minotaur walking beside her.
“Too bad we’re not staging a war game, huh, Venaz?”
The Minotaur snorted softly.
“This is enough of a battle for my liking.”
He folded his arms as he surveyed the city. His eyes lingered on the open harbor; it had a bowl-shaped opening with external watch towers and a sea gate that could be closed. It was open, but Umina spotted several ships lingering in the harbor. They bore the Forgotten Wing company colors; it looked like Niers had even taken over the harbor for his games. Umina gulped as she passed down the street, following the Titan and some of the teachers. They were walking casually while the Titan borrowed a shoulder for a ride.
“Hey. Look at all the [Soldiers].”
She pointed. The other students looked. Yerranola gulped.
The streets were full of Lizardfolk, Dullahans, and Centaurs. Some were Daquin’s citizenry, but Umina saw an entire platoon of Forgotten Wing company soldiers marching out to greet the Titan himself. Yerranola muttered an oath as she counted.
“I can’t tell, but if every street is like this—how many did the Professor put in Daquin? A thousand?”
“Two thousand. It’s not enough to cover the city by far, but it’s a lot.”
Wil appeared behind the others. His face was so pale it was nearly white, but some color actually went back into his face as he stared across the street. Marian tossed her head uneasily.
“All this for a game. The Professor really doesn’t do things by halves, does he?”
“Would you expect anything else? Where are we gathering? Or are we just waiting for the others to gather?”
Venaz looked back irritably. Umina’s heart skipped a beat as she looked back and saw nearly two hundred of the oldest students following them. Older students in the [Strategist] classes, those training to be officers—she saw dozens of eyes staring at her and turned forwards hurriedly. Yerra gulped, for a second losing her semi-permanent smile.
“Ooh. I got a lot of evil looks just now. Was there a Gazer in the crowd?”
“Rabble.”
“Some of those students have been studying as long as you, Venaz.”
“We’re part of the Professor’s personal class. Don’t let them shake you. The victor of this competition will come from our class; of that I have no doubt.”
The Minotaur raised his voice as a pair of Centaurs trotted by. They turned and stared at Venaz. He stared back, unruffled. Umina gulped.
“Yeah, but Venaz—look ahead. Those aren’t students. See that group? I think those are graduates.”
The Minotaur turned with the others. They saw a group of fifty or so, waiting ahead of them. The Minotaur hesitated.
“Ah. Alumni. Seekers?”
“No. Didn’t the Professor say they’d be competing against us? They’re competition.”
“They…could be trouble.”
Umina nodded in agreement. She recognized some of them. The group was mostly in their late twenties, having graduated only recently. But some had already begun to make waves. She squeaked as she pointed at a half-Elf bearing a curved sword at his waist and wearing some kind of bright, white-steel armor covered by an armored cloak.
