6.22 D
Page 29
Luan ran down the street, looking around frantically. But no one was on the ground! It was as if—then he saw a group of [Soldiers] marching towards him. There were eighteen Lizardfolk and three Centaurs. They stopped as they spotted Luan. One of the Lizardfolk frowned.
“Wow. They suck at hiding. Is this really who’ll be commanding us? Hope this one’s a washout.”
The Centaur leading the group frowned. He was armed with what looked like a catch pole. Another Centaur had a long, curved stick much like a hockey stick, ideal for tripping people up. The Lizardfolk had nets, staves. And clubs. Luan gulped.
“I’m a City Runner. On a delivery.”
He held up the bag of holding and fumbled for his seal. The [Soldiers] stared at it. They looked at each other. The Lizardman scratched at his frills.
“Okay, that’s sort of smart. Do you think he’s telling the truth, though? Anyone can get a seal if you paid enough. Is it a student?”
The Centaur looked vexed. He stomped a hoof.
“Take anyone on the street! That’s what the Mithril said and we’re part of this game. You want to turn down ten gold coins?”
“When you put it like that—get him!”
“Wait! Shit—”
Luan turned to run. The Lizardfolk and Centaurs raced after him. He heard galloping hooves and knew there wasn’t much point in running—Luan stopped with his hands up in front of a closed stables. He turned and Centaur bearing down on him reigned up.
“Sensible, Human. Look, if you are a City Runner, you’re in bad luck. If you don’t run, we won’t beat on you. How’d you get into the city, anyways? The gates are locked tighter than an Ogre’s ass.”
“How tight is that anyw—”
“I got in through the harbor. Past the warships.”
The Centaur looked surprised, then delighted.
“You got past the Iron Vanguard? Hah! So much for sea superiority. Alright, turn around and we’ll put some ties on you. You can sit in the plaza with the other captives; you might be the first one. The game’s just started. Shame you aren’t a student, though.”
“Game? What game?”
“You didn’t hear? Well—damn, we’ll let them explain. It’s just begun though, so you’re lucky you’re off the streets. It could get chaotic. Especially with Tulm the Mithril seeking. I heard that when he played against the Titan, he burned half a city down—”
Luan stared at the Centaur as the [Soldier] fumbled with some rope. The other [Soldiers] looked disappointed they couldn’t beat Luan up. They were chatting to Luan as a patrol of Dullahans came around the street. They were marching fast and armed like this group, but the way the Lizardfolk and Centaurs stiffened told Luan they were at odds, for all they were on the same side.
“Halt!”
“We’re on your side, idiots!”
The Lizardfolk shouted back. The Dullahans marched over to them and the leader pointed at Luan.
“Is this a student? We’ll take him.”
“And steal the gold reward? We have him, thank you, [Captain]. Your [Strategist] may be in charge, but we can do our job.”
“I’m not a student—”
“Did you say the game’s started? I thought it was in two more minutes!”
The Centaur snorted as he pawed the ground, his group facing off with the Dullahans.
“Your time’s off. Lord Astoragon just called a start to the game! Think we’d cheat and—”
He broke off and turned. So did the Dullahans. And Luan. They stared at the stable doors. The muffled voice had come from there. Someone from inside spoke.
“Hah. Told you that timekeeping artifact’s utter trash, Tompha. Alright. I guess we’d better start this off.”
Luan threw up his hands and shouted.
“Start what off—”
