6.22 D
Page 26
More [Sailors] appeared on the edge of the ship. Umina wished they wouldn’t be so obvious about it. They blinked down at the two [Strategists] huddled up against the side of their ship. One of them narrowed her eyes.
“Hang on. Don’t I know you…? What’s this about the city? We know the Titan’s having some kind of game, but where did those warships come from? That’s the Iron Vanguard! Is the city under siege or something?”
“No. Tulm the Mithril is taking part.”
“What?”
Umina shot a glance over their shoulder. Every second they spent…she waved at the [Sailors], one of whom looked like a [Captain].
“Hey. We’ve got a favor to ask. My friend and I are trying to win this thing, but the Iron Vanguard’s going to be unloading soldiers in moments and searching the city! Mind if we hide in your ship? Please?”
Marian stared at Umina. She mouthed silently, something along the lines of ‘that’s your plan?’ But the [Sailors] just blinked at each other. Then one nodded.
“Of course! Let us get a rope! We’ll haul both of you up on the sly. Hey! Get those crates in the way! We’ll smuggle you two below decks and if any landlubber asks—well, no one’s getting on our ship, Great Company or not!”
The crew instantly went running. Marian blinked at Umina.
“How did you do that?”
The Lizardgirl just grinned.
“Know your audience. Remember the crowd? Look.”
She pointed. The first [Sailor] was already back. And as the others tossed down a harness used for horses for Marian, the Centaur noticed what had made Umina pick this ship. The crew, with the exception of Ronny, were all Lizardfolk.
“Umina, right? You’re doing us proud! The Titan’s personal class! You’d better win this one for us!”
The [Sailors] congregated around the two as they helped lift Marian, hiding them as the two disappeared below decks. Marian was following Umina shaking hands and touching tails as she smiled. The Centaur stumbled as she went down the cramped and to her, very narrow stairs; she was breathing harder even though the below decks were quite spacious.
“We need a hiding place. Can we move your stuff?”
“Sure, sure. Need a hand?”
“Just tell us when the Iron Vanguard moves in! And in the name of Nagas, don’t act suspicious!”
“Uh—”
“Just don’t act unnatural! Get drunk or something!”
The [Sailor] brightened up and headed upstairs. Marian looked at Umina as the Lizardgirl checked the hold.
“We don’t have nearly enough to take on Tulm the Mithril’s soldiers. Your tripvine bag won’t work on the elites, Marian. We need a better plan and fast.”
“I’ve got gold. And some stuff in my bag of holding. Is the world…rocking to you?”
The Centaur replied faintly. Umina glanced up.
“We’re on a ship, Marian.”
“Oh. Centaurs don’t like being at sea. Or boats. Or small spaces, Umina.”
“Bear with it until we can go, Marian.”
“We could go now. There are better hiding spots.”
Marian danced in place nervously, then felt ill. Umina sighed.
“No. We hide here, at least for the first hour.”
“But if someone gets to the Professor before us—don’t you want to win?”
The Lizardgirl paused. She met Marian’s eyes and there was a fire there that made the Centaur forget her sea—her harborsickness for a moment.
“I do. And we’re going to win, Marian. But we need intelligence on how Tulm is moving. How many soldiers are on each street, whether he’s concentrating his forces or spreading them out—anyone who rushes the plaza right off will get caught. We need to wait for an opening.”
“But if we’re trapped in this wooden box—”
