6.22 D
Page 35
The Gnoll squatted to peer into the scrying orb. In the lull between more students being caught the two Gnolls were using a map of Daquin and talking about the various sweeps going through the city. There were at least three thousand soldiers on the ground, but the city was home to tens of thousands. Without magic or other devices, Tulm’s forces would be searching for weeks to find all of the students.
Then again, he didn’t need to find them all. There was only one way to win. And while Feshi supposed the Dullahan [Strategist] might be humiliated a bit by a less-than-complete victory, it was hollow for the hiders. Wil grimaced at the orb. He looked up apologetically.
“I thought that was what you were going to say. Don’t you agree?”
“Hrr. I don’t believe they’re underrepresenting our competition.”
“But we haven’t begun to fight yet.”
The Human looked up. And Feshi caught the same look in his eyes that had driven her people from northern Izril. That burning, indefatigable emotion.
Determination.
And as he spoke, the viewpoint shifted. Wil and Feshi watched as a group of Dullahans swept down a street, moving into houses—after knocking first of course—checking each floor, keeping alert for [Mages] or the screaming arrows from the watchtower. They looked up and down the street. And then they saw them.
A group walking towards them down the street. The Dullahans relaxed. Another soldier group. Until they saw the Dwarf walking among them. That gave them pause. Then they saw the lack of uniforms and grabbed their blunt weapons.
“Surrendering?”
The Dullahan [Sergeant] called out, smiling. Some of her [Soldiers] laughed. The group of students looked puzzled. There were six of them. A Gnoll, the Dwarf, Merrik, a pair of Centaurs, a Garuda, and Drake. Feshi didn’t recognize any of them outside of this morning. She stared.
“Surrender?”
Merrik, the Dwarf spoke. He had a greatclub over one shoulder. He looked at the others and they grinned. He shrugged at the Dullahan squad.
“If you like. Put your weapons down. Tie yourselves up while you’re at it.”
The Dullahans lost their relaxed postures. They formed up, coming down the street while the Dullahan relayed a [Message]. There were twenty four of the Dullahans. Six students. The Dwarf counted.
“That’s…hold on. One and a one fifth for you lot, eighteen for me. Got it?”
“Your math is terrible.”
“Bite me, Kelsa.”
The Dullahans looked at their [Sergeant]. He gave a curt order.
“Take them!”
They charged across the ground. The Dwarf roared. He jumped forwards. The students charged. The Dullahans weren’t expecting that. Merrik brought his club up. The [Sergeant] had a shield in hand and a truncheon in the other. The Dullahan roared.
“[Ram’s Charge]! [Power Strike]!”
He shot past his men. Merrik slowed and brought up his club.
“[Hammer Blow].”
The two met with an impact that shook the street. Dullahans stopped and took cover as shrapnel from the paving stones flew in every direction. They looked up and saw a shape in the dust. Merrik stood over the Dullahan. The [Sergeant]’s armor was bowed in. The Dwarf bent and felt at his head anxiously. He looked up and nodded.
“Phew. Didn’t kill her. Didn’t know it was her, either.”
The Dullahans stared. They looked at Merrik as he sauntered forwards. One croaked.
“How—”
“Oh. That. [Body of Stone], lad. And it’s [Giant’s Hammer], not [Hammer Blow]. I just like shouting fake Skills for fun.”
Merrik brushed at his tunic. The fabric flapped away, revealing something underneath. Steel. The Dwarf winked.
“You’re not the only ones with armor. Ready?”
