6.22 D
Page 34
“Not a chance, Sir Relz. And I would dare any Silver-ranked team to do better than these poor students.”
Both Drakes were nodding. Sir Relz looked back in the scrying orb, and fixed it with a stern gaze.
“Lord Astoragon, I’ll ask again since you appear not to be hearing me. Is this unfair?”
 
—-
 
“Oh, shut up.”
Feshi growled at the image in the scrying orb. She was crammed into a root cellar. A very small, unfinished root cellar. But it was practically invisible even up close, the smell of the cellar would foil any nose, and the dirt provided some protection from scrying spells. As did the talisman tied to Feshi’s necklace of fangs. It was a gift from her tribe’s [Shaman] and she defied the Iron Vanguard to find her with their spells. She could even watch the scrying orb.
All in all, it was a wonderful hiding spot. The Gnoll had located it in a preparatory visit to Daquin. Feshi’s only complaint was that she hadn’t been the only one to find it. She shifted, and nearly collided with the person sitting next to her. Wil stared into his scrying orb and winced; another student was caught.
A Dullahan [Strategist] both he and Feshi knew had been beating a group of Dullahans back with a quarterstaff. He’d fought quite well—right up until Xol had charged into the alley and rammed him into a wall. The Gnoll sucked in her breath.
“This is not good, no? I expected a formidable opponent. Perhaps even Fleethoof herself as Umina predicted. But this is ruthless. As befits Tulm. Is there no hope?”
She looked unhappily at the Human crammed in next to her. She rather liked Wil, for all he was vaguely depressed most of the time and unconfident. Better that than arrogant like Venaz, though. But Feshi didn’t see a happy ending for either of them. She had a few tricks, but nothing that would work if everything was one-sided as this.
To her surprise, Wil glanced up at Feshi. And his eyes were alight with…emotion. It burned so bright that the Gnoll wondered if she’d gotten into the root cellar with the same Human. Wil even smelled different. The [Lord] and [Strategist] shook his head.
“We’re not done yet, Feshi. I’m not done. None of our class has been caught.”
The Gnoll met his eyes.
“No. This is true. Forgive my panic. But you have a plan. Or is courage enough?”
Wil was about to respond, but Feshi perked up one ear. She held up a paw and he went silent. The two [Strategists] held their breaths. They heard a muffled bark.
“Hunting dogs. We should be safe here. They can’t smell us. These roots stink.”
Wil whispered.
“How many tricks does this Mithril one have?”
Feshi growled. She smeared more half-rotten produce on her and Wil for good measure and heard him gag. The Gnoll shook her head.
“I can handle them even if they get near. But this is serious. This Tulm, he wants to beat the Professor rather badly, no?”
“He does. And he’s pulling out everything he has. Wouldn’t you?”
The Gnoll grinned.
“Only if it didn’t get me insulted. These two Drakes, I know them. They commented on Liscor’s siege and those moth attacks. One wonders if Wistram approached them to speak about this. It seems like an interesting job, yes? If only—”
“—they weren’t so stupid?”
Feshi blinked. Wil was staring down at the scrying orb. He glanced up.
“Sorry. They are playing the uh, fools. You know, the oblivious bit? I saw a comedy routine by [Jesters] back home like this.”
“You think they’re foolish?”
