6.22 D
Page 32
The image broke off. Niers saw another [Mage], the Centaur, edging around to stare at Niers standing on Teura’s head. He looked over and saw Tulm staring at him. Niers smiled and adjusted his voice so it boomed across the plaza to Tulm.
“Ah, Tulm. You only brought one?”
He was rewarded by just the slightest of changes in expression. Then Niers turned and watched the rest. He completely ignored the two Drakes trying to get his attention as the scrying orb flicked back to the action.
 
—-
 
“Move! Scatter!”
Tefret bellowed at the other students. Eleven raced away; Xol and the pursuing Dullahans had already knocked out seven. The Dullahans on the southern entrance to the plaza had formed a triple line; there was no chance of getting past them. And Xol was pursuing the others. The giant was outrunning horses, at least in the narrow streets. Xol whirled as Tefret charged him on horseback.
“Xol!”
The [Mage Captain] leapt from his horse and slapped it to make it race away. He aimed his wand and pointed.
“[Storm Arrows of Light]!”
A hundred missiles shot from the tip of his wand, blasting outwards in a spiral. They hammered Xol as the Dullahan turned towards him. The [Juggernaut] didn’t bother to shield his face. He just charged, into the hail of magical arrows.
“Trees rot it all—[Aerial Burst]!”
The half-Elf pointed at the ground and leapt. The shockwave blasted him off his feet and into the air. He landed on a rooftop, sprinted across the top, and pointed down.
“[Sticky Webs]! [Water Geyser]!”
The webs shot down, hitting the giant Dullahan. A huge column of water blasted out after the webs, enough to knock several Dullahans down. Tefret leapt.
“[Featherfall]! [Hammer Kick]!”
He hit the ground lightly from the two story drop and kicked a charging Dullahan. The metal armor bent around midsection as the Dullahan dropped. Tefret whirled. He had to run! Time for another plan. Without using deadly spells, there was no chance of felling Xol. On the plus side, the [Juggernaut] couldn’t pursue him hard. If he ran—
The half-Elf sprinted for an alley. He stopped as his [Dangersense] screamed at him and halted. The wall exploded outwards and Xol appeared. His armor was wet and a few strands of webbing clung to the enchanted metal. Tefret looked up at him with a weak smile.
“Then again, I didn’t have a chance anyways, did I?”
Xol bent. The giant Dullahan tensed. Tefret raised his wand.
“[Valmira’s—]”
A hand grabbed him. The [Mage Captain] fired the spell into the palm for all the good it did. He went up and then slammed into the ground. His body didn’t break. The paved stone did. Tefret grinned up dizzily at Xol as the Dullahan stared down at him. The half-Elf croaked.
“I am a huge admirer of yours. May I buy you a drink?”
Xol smiled.
“Later.”
 
—-
 
“Dead gods. Dead gods.”
The first encounter with the Iron Vanguard spread like wildfire across the city. Half the students creeping out of their hiding spots immediately retreated. The fire that Niers had lit under their bellies vanished.
“A [Juggernaut]? How are we supposed to beat that?”
A Drake grabbed her Gnoll friend and whisper-screamed in the apartment they’d hidden themselves in. The Dullahan watching out the window gave them a sympathetic look. The Gnoll [Tactician] was breathing heavily.
“I—I do not know. Dullahans should be slow, no? Maybe—”
“Slow? You saw that thing! It caught a horse! And it got Tefret like that!”
The Drake snapped her claws. The Gnoll nodded a few times. She licked her lips.
