6.22 D
Page 42
All three turned as Luan heaved himself out of the water. The [Rower] glared at Venaz. He stomped towards him. The Minotaur brightened.
“Ah! Perfect!”
“Where were you? And what is going on? I did not get paid for—”
The Minotaur was holding his hands out, completely unapologetic and reaching for his bag of holding. Marian was staring at Luan. Umina was looking at neither. She glanced up the street.
“Oh no. Here they come!”
She pointed. Luan saw a patrol of Dullahans, Centaurs, Lizardfolk, and Selphids charging down the street. Three Humans too. Venaz swore. Marian pointed.
“This way! Plan B, Umina! Follow me!”
She grabbed the Lizardfolk girl and tossed her onto her back. The Centaur galloped down the docks as the [Soldiers] pointed and gave chase. Venaz turned to Luan.
“My bag!”
“My money!”
“No time.”
The Minotaur glanced around. Luan backed up, but Venaz didn’t bother with the bag. He grabbed Luan and like Marian, tossed all six feet plus of the [Rower] over his shoulder and took off. Luan swore and tried to break free, but Venaz was thundering along. He followed Marian as the Centaur wove and changed streets. The howling was still in the air. And then the Centaur halted.
“What is that?”
A wall of dark grey fog was coming towards them. Venaz stared as Marian backed up. Umina pointed.
“That way!”
“Put me—”
Luan bounced about and nearly bit his tongue. Then he heard a door slam. A flurry of voices, Venaz’ outraged tone and then a horrible smell. Luan twisted as he saw a huge opening into darkness. He realized what it was as Marian half slid down and shouted.
“Whoa, whoa, wait—”
Too late. He was tossed down the outhouse’s receptacle into the communal septic tank. Luan wished he could have landed on his feet. He did not. Worse, the ‘floor’ was liquid and it went up to one ear. The [Rower] got up immediately then something splashed his face. Venaz had landed. The Minotaur uttered a bellowing oath as the privy closed and the Lizardwoman shut the toilet lid. Only a sliver of light entered the communal tank. Luan sensed something with a very big body and four legs getting up next to him, making incoherent whinnying noises. Then there was a flicker of light.
“[Light].”
A very small orb appeared in Umina’s claws. She held it up and looked around. She was standing knee deep in—and Marian, Venaz, and Luan were covered in—
The [Light] spell went out. It was better that way. Luan tried not to breathe. Venaz spoke in a controlled voice.
“Where are we?”
Umina’s voice quavered. She spoke brightly, opting for cheerfulness.
“Uh…a communal waste pit? You see, Lizardfolk cities don’t have sewers. Too many things grow there. But we need to get rid of waste. So we dig these spots and empty them with uh, [Nightmen]. Or [Nightwomen]. Although that’s an antiquated term that comes from Terandria with Humans, you know? The class is usually [Scourer], which sounds so much nicer. Or [Hauler] is a good generic one, because, you see, these have to be emptied. Or [Digger]. In fact, people in this line of work have to be good at digging, like the woman who runs this pit. We should be grateful she let us—”
“Umina. I’m going to murder you if you don’t shut up.”
Silence. After a second, Venaz spoke.
“I wish to leave. Now. Where’s my bag of holding?”
“…Are you talking to us?”
“No. The Human. Luan the Runner.”
“I am going to murder you, you damn Minotaur.”
“Oh. Uh, hello.”
“My bag of holding. Then we can be gone.”
“Where’s my money?”
“Hold on. I have it here. Hmph. I suppose this calls for a tip. Hold on. Let me just—”
“…Well?”
