6.22 D
Page 16
Tulm paid no attention to her. He was staring at Niers. He halted a few feet before his old teacher. And Niers Astoragon gave him a bow. First. And it was a proper bow, not a simple nod of acknowledgement. It might have meant nothing to non-Dullahans. But Perorn and the Iron Vanguard watched. And there was an imperceptible shift in the ranks of the Dullahans behind Tulm.
Satisfaction. Perorn followed Niers’ example, gritting her teeth. Tulm waited a beat and then bowed back. It was a copy of the Titan’s bow to the last centimeter. Then he straightened and spoke softly.
“Are we equals, then, teacher?”
Perorn tensed. It was the same voice! The same tone, even. But Niers held up a hand and the [Galewinds Strategist] held herself in check. He answered casually, in a tone that was almost playful.
“I don’t see how I can look down on you anymore. You’ve grown up, Tulm. Your armor’s quite nice.”
The Dullahan had put his head on to bow. Now he took it off and held it under one arm. His head spoke back, eyes looking Niers up and down calmly.
“So you’ve said before.”
“Did I? Time plays tricks on me. The last time we met was across a battlefield, wasn’t it? I didn’t congratulate you on your victory, then.”
“No. You did not.”
The two stared at each other. Niers bared his teeth. You could charitably call it a smile. He held out a hand, politely indicating the furious Centauress next to him.
“May I introduce Perorn? You recall her.”
Tulm’s silver gaze flicked to Perorn. She spoke one word, infused with over a decade of…everything. Her back right leg had stopped hurting. It felt as good as the moment it had before he’d hamstrung her.
“Mithril.”
“Fleethoof.”
They met gazes once. And then both looked away. Any longer and one would have gone for their weapon. Perorn had a curved shamshir. Tulm wore a mace made of mithril, enchanted to hit like a sledgehammer. But his true weapon was a halberd. Niers clapped his hands together as if neither Centaur nor Dullahan were imagining gutting the other.
“I see the hosts of the city are getting nervous. Tulm, as the reigning champion of hide and seek, I hope you can win without turning half the city to ash this time. Hopefully your advanced experience and levels means you can seek without destroying.”
He looked sardonically at Tulm and the Dullahan turned his head back to Niers. He smiled coldly.
“It is not my intention. But tell me. Why am I truly here, then, teacher?”
The Fraerling gave Tulm a blank look.
“You didn’t read my message.”
“I read your message.”
“It specifically stated that this was my competition—”
Tulm leaned forwards. He raised his head to meet Niers and spoke flatly.
“You called me here. Over two thousand miles, with a letter sent into the heart of the Iron Vanguard’s mightiest stronghold with highest priority, by one of the best Couriers in the world. As if it were a declaration of war.”
Niers smiled.
“I hope it didn’t bother the Seer of Steel unduly.”
Tulm didn’t blink. He stared at Niers, as if his old teacher were a puzzle to be unraveled. With an axe.
“You had to know it would throw all of Baleros into chaos. The other Great Companies and half the continent waited to see what your letter meant. All this, for a child’s competition.”
The Fraerling [Strategist] shrugged.
“What can I say? I like my games. And you must agree, this time is different.”
