6.22 D
Page 7
He kicked at Perorn’s long hair, auburn mixed with strands of grey. Perorn sighed, but she turned to let him see. Niers grinned as he saw the crowd cheering his students.
“Ah. My advanced class has gotten the attention of the crowd. That might make them targets.”
“If you wanted them to be inconspicuous…”
The Titan shook his head.
“No, it’s fine this way. Let’s just hurry the ceremony up; we can bring in our guest soon. I imagine they’re getting impatient.”
Perorn sighed, but she trotted over to the waiting group of [Mages]. She saw them stand up and adjust their robes hurriedly as they saw her coming over. She spoke to Niers with a slight frown.
“And who is this mystery guest? You didn’t tell me.”
“If you had an ear to the winds, Perorn, you would have seen it. It’s obvious to anyone who knows what to look for. Sadly, I think only a handful of students know. Even in my class, I think only Wil figured it out. Did I make it too hard? But this is fine. He’ll be entertaining enough.”
Niers sighed. He looked at the [Mages] and shook his head. Hopefully, he glanced up at Perorn.
“What if I let you do the introductions, Perorn?”
“No.”
“They wouldn’t mind.”
She paused and glared at him.
“You’re the Titan of Baleros. You organized this game; Wistram’s here at your request.”
“I didn’t invite them. I would have used our [Mages]. Very well. But I’m hardly impressive to most of them. You’re the one the Council was making duck eyes at.”
Niers looked huffy as he checked his clothing and hat. Perorn debated flicking him off her shoulder for a second. But it was true. Like Daquin’s ruling Council, the [Mages] stared first at her. Their leader, a half-Elf woman in sweeping, emerald silk robes emblazoned with purple blooms, bowed deeply.
“Lady Perorn Sadiluc. I am First-Mage Teura of Wistram, assistant to Archmage Feor and the leader of my small gathering. I thank you and the Forgotten Wing company for the invitation to—”
Perorn held out a hand and felt Niers nimbly leap onto her palm. Teura, froze in the middle of her half-prepared speech as she spotted Niers.
“—And my deepest thanks to you as well, Lord Astoragon.”
The [Mages] jumped. They stared down at the Fraerling and half of them blinked. You could tell which of them hadn’t ever met Niers before, but they all hurriedly bowed as the Fraerling strutted forwards and nodded to Teura.
“A pleasure, Mage Teura. I’m surprised you’ve left the academy.”
The half-Elf calmly addressed Niers as if nothing was amiss. Some of the [Mages] were openly staring, but the rest had composed themselves. Their eyes flicked to Niers. This was the Titan of Baleros. Perorn held still, seeing their eyes go to her next.
“It was at Archmage Feor’s request, Lord Astoragon. We could hardly ignore such an event, could we? Especially given our function.”
“Ah, yes. Well, I’m delighted to have you watch.”
Niers sighed, his tone and face suggestion he was anything but. Teura didn’t react; she merely bowed again.
“We will observe from the side and several points around the city without interfering of course. But if I may request that some of our members accompany you? For the best position.”
“As you will.”
The Titan waved a hand. Teura nodded and gestured; a Centaur came forwards along with another half-Elf. Perorn nodded to the Centaur, a younger male. He might have been in his early forties or late thirties, but he looked like an excited colt as he bowed to her.
“It’s an honor to meet you, Lady Fleethoof—and uh, you as well, Lord Astoragon!”
