6.22 D
Page 25
The little bag of holding was clasped firmly between his knees. Luan eyed the warships. They’d set up a perimeter around the harbor. That was clear enough. And Venaz had warned him something like this might happen. Well, Luan had a few options…the City Runner held his breath. Then he checked the sun, swore, and began to paddle forwards. Slowly at first.
“Well, here goes. Venaz, friend, if I die today…”
He looked down at the bright golden names on his arm.
“You’d better have that gold ready.”
Then he began rowing for Daquin. Just in time to see the Centaur and Lizardgirl racing across the docks.
 
—-
 
Umina and Marian raced down the street. They’d taken a circuitous route, having gone the wrong way out the plaza first. But they were still galloping along, or the Centauress was. Umina clung to Marian’s torso as the Centaur slowed from their sprint, but she was still moving fast.
Ahead of them were only a few students; most weren’t heading their way, down a slope towards the harbor. Obviously the Iron Vanguard would be coming from that direction, but a few had taken the risk. Intelligently or not. Umina saw a Drake and Gnoll [Tactician] duo she recognized running down the street. The Drake was screaming at her friend.
“There should be a cover to the sewers somewhere on the street! Or a drain at least! Where is it? Is it covered beneath the dirt, maybe? Help me find it!”
The Gnoll shouted at her partner’s back.
“There aren’t any sewers, you idiot! That was your big plan!? I thought you had a brilliant idea!”
The Drake was horrified.
“No sewers? What kind of a primitive city is—”
Marian galloped past them. Umina peered over her shoulder.
“Don’t go too fast! There’s an incline! And take a left down this street! To the port!”
Marian turned her head, breathless, as she galloped.
“We’re sticking to the plan? But the Iron Vanguard’s ships—”
“So what? There are still others in port! Left!”
The Centaur swerved. The two broke out of the street and into the wooden pier. Umina swore as she saw the Iron Vanguard’s black vessels and grey sails. There were distant figures milling about on the decks.
“Oh, hells, Umina! They can see us from the harbor!”
“Back into the buildings, then! Use the smaller ships at the docks as cover! Pretend we’re going back!”
Umina dropped from Marian’s back. The two raced back behind a building and then came out, low to the ground, blocking their view of the Iron Vanguard’s warships with one of the smaller trading vessels anchored at the docks.
Marian panted; her withers were streaked with sweat. On a Centaur that meant the part of her body where her humanoid torso met the horse part of her body. Centaurs had weird anatomy. But Marian had raced across the city faster than almost anyone else, proving why her species was unmatched on the plains. [Knights] on warhorses were dust compared to a Centaurs on the charge.
“This had better work, Umina. We’ve got—”
“Twenty minutes left. We’re fine, Marian. We can do our fallbacks! Just hold on—hey! Hey up there!”
The Lizardgirl had led them to the side of a ship. Now she called up cautiously. There was a second, then a scuffle and a [Sailor] poked his head over the side. His eyes widened as he saw her.
“What’re you doing? And what in the name of krakens is going on in the city!”
“Haven’t you heard? The Titan’s game of hide-and-seek is going on!”
Umina hissed up at him as Marian gulped for air. She felt silly putting it that way, but the [Sailor]’s eyes widened.
“Of course we heard about that, but—Captain! Vexula! Ronny! Get over here!”
