6.22 D
Page 27
Marian gulped. Another Lizardwoman had come down. She eyed Marian and silently handed the most important object in the pair’s plan so far. A bucket. Marian immediately clutched it to her chest.
“Damned Centaurs. Get seasick on a rowboat in the middle of a pond. What can we do for you, Umina?”
The Lizardgirl smiled at the older [Captain].
“We could use eyes and ears, [Captain]. No one said we couldn’t ask for help. Can you put some of your crew out to let us know what’s happening?”
“Can do! Don’t worry, my crew’ll love to help out. No one’s getting on our decks. And—”
Both Lizardfolk winced as the boat rocked in a gentle swell and Marian promptly threw up.
“—don’t worry about your friend here. Or my decks. This is the most fun we’ve had in ages! Tulm the Mithril! And the Titan himself! You think we can win?”
“We can.”
Umina met the [Captain]’s eyes and got a grin. She reached out and patted Marian on the back.
“But first we hide. And wait. And we see what happens next. The Professor always says that information wins wars. That, and armies. We’re working on the second part.”
 
—-
 
“Halt! The harbor is sealed by the Iron Vanguard company!”
The order came when Luan was a few hundred feet from the warships. He cursed, but he slowed and half-rose to shout back with hands cupped over his mouth.
“I’m a City Runner! I have a priority delivery! I can’t stop!”
There was hesitation aboard the warship. Except for war—no, even in war, City Runners were usually accorded immunity. The Dullahan aboard the ship called back.
“No entry! You will have to wait! If the request is urgent, the package can be relayed!”
“I don’t think that’ll happen.”
Luan muttered to himself. He stood up.
“I can’t deliver to anyone but the recipient! You know the Runner’s Guild rules! I can prove I’m a City Runner! I have my seal here!”
So saying, he paddled forwards. The Dullahan on board turned and paced up to what looked like the [Captain] or another officer. He came back and shouted after a second and Luan had closed maybe fifty feet.
“No entry! By order of Tulm the Mithril, no one is allowed into the harbor! Turn back at once!”
Tulm the Mithril? Luan had no idea who that was, but he sounded like someone important. Still, the City Runner had no choice. He pretended to go forwards at a decent rowing pace, as if he were putting his back into it.
“I have to make my delivery! Sorry, friends!”
“No—”
The voice cut off and Luan saw the Dullahan gesture exasperatedly towards him. Some Dullahans approached with nets and began slinging them from the first warship to the one at anchor across from them. They were going to form an artificial wall! Luan grinned.
“Too slow! Here we go!”
He swung around the boat, then put his back to the warship. In the mirror, he saw the Dullahans pause, hoping perhaps that he’d given up. Not so; Luan had just gotten in the proper sculling position. He bent forwards, dipped his oars in the water and pulled. And he took off.
“[Power Strokes]!”
Luan saw the water heave as his agile craft shot left—not towards the gap between the first warship, but between another pair. The Dullahans blinked and stared for a moment—Luan was shooting across the water faster than they could run! He heard a cry from the Dullahans on watch.
“Dead gods! Put the nets down now! [Mages], stop that boat—”
Pull. Swing. Dip. Pull. Swing—Luan heaved and the force shot his scull out of the water. He felt the boat land and grinned. A net landed in front of him, which was really behind his scull—the Dullahans had misjudged how fast he was going.
“Is that a damned Courier?”
