6.22 D
Page 28
“[Mages]! Get over here now! I said—”
Pull! The oars didn’t send a huge splash of water flying; that was poor form. All of Luan’s strength went into the water and sent his boat flying. He saw someone pelting up the decks. But before the [Mage] could even get to the aft of the warship he was through the gap. He shot through the harbor as the [Mages] raced to the starboard of their ships. More nets, but he was out of range. But spells?
“No, no, no—”
Luan turned right. Something—it looked like a huge net made of spider webs—struck the water with a large splash next to him. The second spell was a ball of purple which imploded in the water, creating a whirlpool and trying to drag Luan in. He rowed furiously, dodged a third spell that looked like some kind of magical anchor, and saw the docks coming up fast. No time to slow—
“Gah!”
The impact splintered the front of Luan’s boat and capsized him. Luan frantically grabbed at the pier’s docks as he surfaced and with bag of holding in hand, clambered over the side. He saw a ship full of Lizardpeople watching him with interest from their ship.
“Look at that Human go!”
“Is he a student? Good luck, Human!”
Luan heaved himself onto the docks, swearing and dripping with water. He stared at his broken scull, but it was too late for regrets. He saw the Dullahans on the warships pointing, but for some reason they weren’t chasing him! He decided not to chance it. If worst came to worse, he’d buy a ride back to Talenqual. Fifty gold pieces could buy him the scull of his dreams—or at least, a much better one.
“The Starlight Requiem. The Starlight Requiem—”
The [Rower] panted as he ran up an inclining street. The inn was close to the docks! He just had to go up two streets. He was prepared for anything or to fight through a crowd, but the streets were eerily empty. All he saw was a running Lizardperson—no, wait! Was that a Drake?— disappearing down one street. And then another empty street. And…windows with people staring down…
Luan slowed. He looked around. Every window in the upper floors was full of staring faces. Lizardfolk, Dullahans…they stared down at him. Someone shouted from above.
“Hurry up! Time’s nearly up!”
“Time? What time?”
The face looked confused. Luan looked around and his stomach was in knots. What had Venaz gotten himself into? He spotted a sign and raced towards it.
“The inn! Hello? Is anyone—”
The Runner pushed open the doors and staggered in. He took one look around. The [Innkeeper] looked up. He was a Dullahan and his body lumbered towards Luan like something out of a horror film while his head shouted from the counter.
“Oh no! You can’t hide in here! I can’t have my inn destroyed!”
“Wait! I’m looking for a Minotaur—”
“I sent him out too! No one’s hiding here! I get enough things broken with the [Sailors] brawling! Out! Out!”
“But where did he—”
The Dullahan chased Luan out; the man backed up fast and the doors slammed in his face. He looked around and grabbed at his hair.
“That goddamn—where is he?”
Venaz was nowhere in sight. And judging by the commotion, something was going on. Something bad? Luan stared up at the people in the windows.
“Did a Minotaur come this way? I have a delivery for him! I’m a City Runner!”
There was an ooh from above. Some of the watching citizens turned to each other.
“Should we tell him?”
“What if he’s on the Mithril’s side?”
“But a City Runner—anyone remember where he went?”
“…No.”
“Damn.”
