6.23 D
Page 24
Students running for their lives. Turning, fighting. Outwitting foes left and right. Triumphing, failing—the image of their battle against the Iron Vanguard was a never-ending shift of perspectives. Not one tale was told, or even fifty. It was all of the most significant dramas, with commentary, replays, twists and turns—
Some might have called it too many perspectives to keep track of. And it was true that some students were captured without much agonizing on parts of the audience. But others were names.
Wil Kallinad. Merrik, the Dwarf. Peki of Pomle. The [Rogue], Silk. Jekilt and his band of [Soldiers]. And yes, even Venaz. The Minotaur was certainly popular with his people if no one else. But to the disappointment of many, he had only appeared once in the scrying orb as the main focus in a satisfying, if short dustup. Umina’s defeat of the [Hydromancer] had also been caught, incidentally, as had their trick with the [Healers].
In truth, their perspective was, as of this moment, rather inconsequential compared to the other students who’d been making waves. Niers had watched as, with audible groans, the people in the plaza witnessed Jekilt finally subdued by a vanguard led by Tulm himself. The Mithril cornered the Centaur [Captain] with calm detachments of soldiers, slowly boxing the Centaur in until Jekilt was taken out from afar with a spell. But if Jekilt’s defeat was the talk of the hour, Wil’s dramatic battle with the Iron Vanguard was the hottest thing this century.
And it was only getting hotter. Niers watched as the company that had missed Venaz and the others walked straight into an ambush by nearly two hundred [Soldiers]. The Dullahans put their backs up as well as their shields as enchanted arrows rained from the rooftops and [Foot Soldiers] rushed in from all sides. But the ambush was a feint; the Dullahans in fact outnumbered their attackers, and they were meant to be held in place as Wil’s forces tried to seize a choke point five streets over.
They succeeded, but not before Xol had waded into the ambush and taken out two dozen [Soldiers] himself. Both sides drew back as Wil’s Human army advanced and the Iron Vanguard regrouped for another push outwards. Across the city, the students still fighting towards the plaza clashed with the Iron Vanguard and Forgotten Wing [Soldiers]. This was the stalemate that had occupied the city for the last two hours.
Bloody melees, feints, ambushes—the Iron Vanguard were giving ground as the students and the Kallinad forces advanced. But both sides were being ground down and the numbers lay with Tulm. And the students had yet to penetrate the inner third of the city around the plaza. So were they really winning?
No. They were not. To the excitable Noass and Sir Relz, each gained street was a cause for triumph and damn impartiality. But to Niers, it looked like Tulm had held his ground splendidly against Wil’s advance. He had given ground, yes, but he was whittling down the Humans. And he had the numbers to win a purely defensive battle around the plaza, even fighting from all sides.
“Still. They have a chance. If they manage to link up with Merrik’s group. Or if they can just take out Xol, or Tulm himself—”
