6.23 D
Page 26
An exclamation came from the watchers in the plaza. Niers just adjusted his wooden pedestal until he could see over the heads of the Midnight Shields. He stared down into the scrying orb as Tulm raised his voice.
“Report.”
“Sir, intruders on the eastern main road. All have been apprehended, but the vehicle is still moving. The horses are gone, but it’s been driven. It’s a…wagon?”
It was indeed a wagon. Just a wagon. Hurtling down the slight incline of the eastern road, picking up momentum. A wagon. And, clambering up over the driver’s seat, throwing her hood back to expose her face, was Yerranola, the Selphid.
The plaza was guarded of course. Over a thousand feet away, a rank of Dullahans three rows deep was waiting and braced. Wil’s soldiers hadn’t even gotten near them yet. And if they had, the elites of the Iron Vanguard would stop even their Knights of the Autumn cold. Definitely. What would a wagon do?
Then again…the Dullahans standing in formation stared. It was a wagon. Just a wagon. But it was…
A wagon.
The wagon was loaded to build momentum, and somehow, Yerranola had managed to convince a [Carpenter] to reinforce the front with wood, turning it into a mobile battering ram. Without horses, it was now speeding towards the plaza’s eastern entrance.
“Out of the way if you don’t want to get hurt!”
The Selphid was crouched on top of the wagon, laughing maniacally as it hurtled towards the ranks of Dullahans. A few [Mages] hurled spells at her, but without using a [Fireball] or a wall spell, they couldn’t stop her. And that might well kill the Selphid, dead body or not. Should they use a spell? Could they remove her somehow?
The [Mages] hesitated, and by that point it was too late. The wagon was going faster and faster. How fast was it going now? Forty miles per hour? Fifty? Sixty? And in that moment all the Dullahans guarding the plaza did a quick mathematical equation. If you understood force is mass multiplied by acceleration…even if you didn’t know the exact math, even if the basic concept was something every sentient being understood…
How much did wagons weigh again?
Over two thousand pounds of wood hurtled across the ground at the Dullahans. They hesitated; they were braced in a shield wall, but they could figure out what would happen if that hit them. The front of the wagon had been shaped into a ram. And painted red. The [Captain] took one look and issued a desperate order.
“Dodge! Everyone out of the way, now!”
The wagon hurtled forwards. The Dullahans were moving, running, diving out of the way. In the plaza, Tulm looked up. He stared at the wagon coming in from his right.
“Oh dear. And just what will Tulm the Mithril do about th—”
Noass’ voice cut off as Tulm straightened. Yerranola screamed a war cry as she aimed straight for the center of the plaza. For Niers.
“Professor!”
Niers smiled and waved. He jumped down from his pedestal as Wistram’s [Mages] crowded around him and the Midnight Shield for a better look, shouting questions. Perorn was nowhere to be seen.
“Lord Astoragon! Are you worried about this?”
Niers was counting. Twenty seconds? Twenty five? He looked over casually as the wagon grew larger and larger in front of him.
“Me? Why should I be?”
“It’s a wagon, Lord Astoragon. Surely even the Titan—”
The Centaur [Mage] hesitated. Niers was standing on the ground. The Fraerling looked up at the Centaur cheerfully.
“Unless Yerranola has truly atrocious aim, I think I’ll be quite fine, don’t you? The wagon should pass comfortably overhead. Even if I stretch. You all may wish to move.”
