6.23 D
Page 2
An athlete. An aspiring champion. Someone who competed in the truest sense of the world. He, Luan, had made his life’s dream about victory. He had a window; his body would grow old and he would lose his edge all too quickly. He could lose his chance thanks to injury, bad luck, any number of factors. But if he succeeded? If he trained until his sweat was blood? If he had the drive and will and courage?
He could have been the best in the world. Unmatched. Luan would have competed against the world’s finest, in front of millions. And win or lose, he would still have numbered among the greatest in his sport, in what he did.
So yes, Luan understood what drove the students. Better than Ken could have. He listened as they told him why they were here. And he understood.
It still didn’t make standing in sewage any more fun. But it stopped Luan from trying to kill Venaz. The Minotaur was doing the exact opposite of hyperventilating as he tried to search the waste he was standing in. Luan heard swearing, sounds of disgust, gagging—until the [Rower] could bear it no more.
“Enough. Stop looking around. You’re not going to find it.”
“I have to have my bag of holding.”
The Minotaur’s voice was steady as he straightened. He was barely visible with the tiny crack of light that came from the privy above. Luan reached for the Minotaur’s possession, the bag of holding.
“To win, yeah? Take it.”
He offered it. Venaz hesitated.
“But my gold—”
“I’ll track you down after this. And if you don’t pay me, I’ll…”
Luan hesitated. Threatening to break Venaz’s legs or offer the Minotaur any kind of physical harm was ludicrous.
“…I’ll make sure the Runner’s Guild hears all about this. But you want to win.”
“I must.”
“Then—here.”
Luan held the bag of holding out. And the Minotaur hesitated.
“I should pay you first. This lacks credibility. You were right to demand your payment. It’s dishonorable.”
There was a plaintive note in his voice. Luan hesitated. He wondered what Ken would have said if he were here. If he had told Luan about Minotaurs—but it was the competitor who spoke back to Venaz.
“Do you want to win, or not? I don’t know about your Professor or this grand secret. But do you want victory?”
“Yes.”
“Then take it.”
Luan thrust the bag of holding out. It wasn’t exactly light—it felt like it was ten pounds of weight, despite being very small. It also felt full. But Luan hadn’t undone the drawstring. He waited for a moment. Then there was a splash—he felt a huge presence, and then a hand close over his wrist. Venaz spoke softly.
“Thank you.”
Luan didn’t know what to say to that. Frankly, he was still angry. His boat was damaged, possibly sunk. He was covered in—and he’d been chased and nearly beaten black and blue by the soldiers on the street. But after his anger had faded and he’d heard what was going on, the student’s situation had impressed itself on him. He looked around.
“So you’re all in the same class? The Titan’s class?”
The three shapes nodded. Luan tried to be suitably impressed. But even though he knew of the Titan of Baleros, he didn’t know the legends well enough to be in awe. And the three had done little to impress him. Now the Centaur shifted her hooves. She—Marian—spoke.
“If you’re worried about Venaz paying you, don’t be. He’d rather drink this entire midden’s contents than renege on his word. He’ll pay you after this is over, Luan, is it?”
“That’s right.”
Venaz made a snorting noise to Luan’s right as he opened the bag of holding.
