6.23 D
Page 23
The Lizardwoman shoved past him, with a claw outstretched.
“I don’t see a problem with it. If the Titan had a problem with us, he would have added it to the rules. Do you see a problem?”
She tossed several gold coins at the other [Healer]. He perked up.
“You know, I’m feeling a lot better about it. Gold is a very therapeutic metal.”
“You said it.”
Marian sighed as she handed out the rest of the money. She scowled into her own bag of holding and glanced up.
“I’m spending a fortune today. Venaz, you’re paying me at least half back.”
“You’ll get it. Stop nagging me. If I had my money pouch…”
Venaz stomped past them. He glanced at the Lizardwoman and his gaze became calculating.
“How much would it cost to escort us towards the plaza? We’ll triple Marian’s payment.”
The Centauress choked, but Umina nodded.
“Not a bad idea. Let’s get as far as we can with this.”
The [Healer] hesitated, but then she shook her head, reluctantly.
“Ah! We can’t leave our area. We do have a job and lives are on the line. You’re on your own after this. Good luck; hope you win. I’d love to see the Iron Vanguard get their tails tweaked.”
She folded her arms. Venaz sighed and cursed, but he didn’t try to argue. The four set off again. Luan hurried after them and Umina turned to him. She smiled.
“Really good idea, Luan. I wish I’d thought of it.”
“Worth twenty gold coins?”
“At least!”
Marian nodded.
“I’m glad I hired you. I knew my Skill was steering me the right way. If you have any other ideas, we’d love to hear them.”
The two [Strategists] gave Luan approving looks. Venaz grunted.
“Yes, well, recall that I was the first one to hire him.”
“Yes, yes. Now, let’s keep moving. We’re closing in. There’re only few dozen streets between us and the plaza at most. We can take a circuitous route here to avoid more patrols until we get to the Iron Vanguard’s really fortified streets—”
“Hey!”
All four ducked. Luan grabbed for the club and realized he’d dropped it while pretending to be wounded. He dodged behind Venaz as he looked around for the sound and then up—
Umina, Marian, Venaz, and Luan stared up at an open window. The apartments were filled with faces. And more people were standing on the rooftops! The cold iron mists had begun to dissipate, and the people of Daquin were watching the students with avid expressions. Someone shouted.
“That’s Venaz! And Umina! And uh—”
“Miss Marian! Who’s the Human?”
Excited voices called from above. Luan saw a Lizardboy waving excitedly at Venaz. Shouts filled the street at once.
“Good luck!”
“We saw you trash that patrol! Excellent punch!”
“Umina! Umina, will you marry m—”
Bemused, the students waved up at the windows. Venaz snorted, looking pleased and annoyed.
“Idiots. They’ll blow our cover.”
“Too late to change it.”
Marian smiled and waved, causing a male Centaur half her age to swoon. Umina looked up and frowned. Then she raised her arms and waved back.
“Then let’s use this. Hey yourselves! Anyone have a scrying orb? What’s the situation look like? Is Wil—I mean, are the Humans winning?”
 
—-
 
Umina, Marian, Venaz, and the unfortunate City Runner they’d hired. To some, their tale was all-encompassing, the most important story unfolding in Daquin. It certainly was to the individuals in question. But the truth was that their struggle was just one of hundreds unfolding in the city.
