6.23 D
Page 25
Perorn clenched a fist as she watched through the scrying orb. Two seconds later her face appeared in the orb, repeating herself word for word. The Centaur turned and scowled at Teura in real time. She trotted back from the half-Elf [Mage] and towards Niers, who was watching from his pedestal in the center of his circle. He was still surrounded by the Midnight Shields. The Dullahans didn’t budge, even for Perorn.
“Move. Please.”
They stared at the Centaur. Niers sighed.
“Perorn, if you want to discuss with me, I’m afraid I’ll have to come to you. One moment.”
He got up from his pedestal, touched a ring, and leapt twelve feet through the air and onto the head of a Dullahan in black armor. The Dullahan twitched as Niers strode up his helmet to talk down to Perorn.
“Yes?”
“What do you think?”
The [Galewinds Strategist] folded her arms. Niers raised an eyebrow.
“I think you’re biased.”
“Of course I am. Or are you telling me you’d prefer that b—prefer Tulm to win?”
Niers shrugged. He was aware of Teura edging closer for a better view, probably amplifying his words at a distance.
“I’ve merely set the stage. The winner is the most deserving. Of course, I’m watching my student’s contributions. All of them.”
He looked pointedly past Perorn. She turned and Teura’s head snapped around. There came Tulm. He was escorting Jekilt into the plaza. The defeated Centaur looked visibly upset; he still had scorch marks from the flame walls that had boxed him in. Tulm strode over to his war table, ignoring the [Mages] clustered around him, asking for a comment. Niers rolled his eyes.
“Look at this. Will we have Wistram’s [Mages] on every battlefield after this, I wonder?”
“Only the important ones. And once we put an arrow or two through them ‘accidentally’, I think they’ll stop hanging around.”
Perorn pawed the ground restlessly. Niers shook his head.
“But they might well be everywhere. If—ah. Hold on.”
He broke off and leapt back to his pedestal. Something was happening. Tulm’s head snapped up as a shout went up.
The streets were mostly clear of individual students at this point. A few groups, like Venaz’s, had managed to get by with few or no helpers like Luan. But by and large, any student who hadn’t had the foresight to team up or hire help was now caught. And the streets were so inundated with soldiers that hiding near the plaza was all but impossible.
Ironically, if you were hiding at a distance, you were probably safe. No one cared about the students who’d decided to wait it out. But around the plaza, the Iron Vanguard was patrolling in so many numbers and in such force that anyone would be caught in moments.
Indeed, a score of students using [Invisibility], illusion, and even [Polymorph] spells and items had been caught by the [Mages] watching for any kinds of magical movement. Over the roofs or on the ground; their nets were stretched so finely that even a Fraerling would probably be caught in seconds if they got too close.
Which was why the group that appeared with a covered wagon down the main street leading straight into the plaza was all the more notable. They rolled the wagon forwards, pulled by four horses. Lizardfolk with swords ushered the wagon forwards, fending off the Dullahans that poured towards them. The horses raced ahead, urged onwards by the driver at the front. Faster and faster—and then the horses ran to either side, reins cut!
“What?”
