6.23 D
Page 12
He could feel the Iron Vanguard reacting. Moving to slow his army’s advance, hold them back before they could consolidate their position. And soon he’d be sending the full weight of his army against Wil. Tulm the Mithril. Wil pointed ahead.
“Charge!”
The clouds of grey iron waited. His [Knights] cut a path of silver as they rode into darkness. And then there was only thunder. And, waiting in the darkness, that magical shine. That flash of armor.
Mithril.
 
—-
 
An army of silver raced across the streets below them. Venaz stared. Marian paced back and forth, counting. Umina rubbed at her eyes.
“Whoa. Is that the same Wil we know?”
He was racing at the head of a small vanguard of [Knights], some kind of elite Terandrian order. Umina looked at her classmates. They were almost petrified for a moment. Strangely, it was the City Runner they’d just met, Luan, who looked calmer. He looked up and met her eyes.
“Some game. Was this part of the plan as well?”
She grinned weakly.
“No.”
“Dead gods. Wil called in his family’s army. If this were any other situation, this would be an act of war.”
Marian spoke slowly. She followed the Humans as hundred raced down the street. There were [Sailors] mixed in among them; Umina thought she saw a Gnoll with a peg leg. But her mind had to be playing tricks on her. Venaz nodded.
“Incredible.”
Both the Lizardgirl and Centaur looked at Venaz. Coming from him, that word said it all. The Minotaur glanced up. He gestured to the streets below.
“He’s turned this into a proper battle. This isn’t a game of seeking anymore. The Mithril has to engage the Humans or they’ll punch through and get him to the plaza. Look; the Iron Vanguard’s already pulling back.”
He pointed ahead. Only a few of Daquin’s streets were visible from their rooftop ahead of them, but Umina saw Dullahans in full retreat. She nodded slowly, watching the Humans capturing street after street. But what looked like a complete victory was just an illusion. Umina had already done a headcount and come to a few conclusions.
“They’re still outnumbered. The Iron Vanguard plus the Professor’s [Soldiers] still have at least a two-to-one advantage over Wil’s force. Plus, their main punching class is [Knight]. They’ve got horses, but not enough and they’re up against Dullahans. And the Iron Vanguard at that. Heavy-infantry specialists.”
“Mobility versus armor.”
Marian nodded. She was frowning. The Centauress glanced up at Venaz.
“It’s like the battles we’d play out, Venaz. Only, in these streets, Tulm has it.”
“Only if you discount the other students.”
The Minotaur snorted. He was eying a plume of smoke in the distance, arms folded.
“I see what Wil’s going for. He’s trying to link up with the other students who bought adventurer groups or mercenaries. There are at least a hundred students still in the game. If you put that many up against the Iron Vanguard—no matter how many officers they have, they’ll run out of Skills first. So with Tulm the Mithril. He can only use his active Skills so many times per battle. Like that terrain-changing Skill he used; he won’t be able to use it twice.”
He gestured at the roiling clouds, still engulfing a good portion of the city. They were growing thinner; [Mages] were actively fighting the clouds. But it was slowing the Human’s advance. Marian nodded.
