6.23 D
Page 13
“So, Wil’s trying to break the Iron Vanguard’s formation and mount a charge that gets him to the plaza. Failing that, he’ll trying to out-Skill Tulm with the students. It could work. The issue is whether or not he’s got an answer to all of Tulm’s high-level officers in his party.”
“If he has [Knights], the quality of his [Mages] are presumably—”
Luan glanced from [Strategist] to [Strategist]. Their shock of a minute ago had faded. Now they were casually discussing the unfolding scene as if they were at ease. He raised a hand.
“This is still part of the game?”
All three glanced at him. Umina blushed and Marian blinked.
“It’s a surprise.”
Luan stared at her. The Centauress didn’t look that surprised. His heart was still racing out of his chest. But they’d already begun talking tactics! Still, his comment reminded them why they were here. Venaz pounded a fist into a palm.
“Damn. I’ve been completely outmatched. Very well. Come on. Let’s go.”
He strode towards the stairs. Marian stared at him.
“What?”
The Minotaur looked up as he checked his armor.
“I’m moving forwards. I came here to participate, not hide! Are you with me, or not?”
The Centauress hesitated. She looked at Umina.
“We’re outmatched.”
“Yes. But the point isn’t to beat the Iron Vanguard. It’s to get to the plaza. Like it or not, Wil is going to open up a path for everyone if he starts taking ground. Better yet—I think we can use his army to our advantage. Venaz! Head left!”
Umina shot to her feet. Venaz was already clattering down the stairs. Luan followed them as he and Marian ran down the wide steps. He still had no idea what was going on, but they did. The Minotaur snorted.
“You want to take us away from the fighting?”
“You want to fight both Humans and Dullahans? Both sides will take us for foes!”
“Hm. Point. Which way, then?”
“Left! We’ll circle around the main advance. We just need to get behind the Iron Vanguard’s lines!”
The Minotaur nodded. He began jogging down the street. Umina waved at Marian. The Centauress held out a hand.
“Need a ride?”
“I’m fine! Let’s go! Follow Venaz! You too, Luan!”
“I have no idea what I’m doing.”
Luan muttered as he ran after the three. A formation of Humans was marching up towards them. Luan heard a shout.
“Uh oh. They’ve spotted us! Go, Venaz!”
“This way.”
The Minotaur turned and pounded down an alleyway, Luan ran after him. Marian galloped past him with ease; Umina panted as she ran just behind Luan. Venaz turned up a street, cursed, and pointed.
“Next alley! There’s fighting all over!”
Luan entered the second street, saw two [Mages] throwing spells at each other, and ran as a splash of some kind of yellow liquid hit the buildings across from him and steamed. He ran down the next alleyway, hearing shouts from behind. And above.
“Look! More students!”
“Which ones are they? Oh! I recognize that Minotaur! And the Lizardgirl! That’s Umina!”
“Hells, they know us. They’re giving us away!”
Marian growled. Venaz reached a second street and pointed up it.
“Not for long. Brace yourself. That fog—”
His voice was muffled. Luan entered the third street, saw the dark grey fog, and hesitated. Umina ran past him.
“Hurry up!”
Cursing, Luan followed her. The street didn’t exactly vanish, but the instant Luan hit the outer edge of the dark, iron-tinted mists, the shouts and sounds around him grew dimmer. The air felt…heavy. His pace slowed. His breathing came a touch heavier.
“Jungle rot. This is a Skill. It’s hard to breathe! Everyone here?”
