6.23 D
Page 18
“Just a game. Just a game—twenty gold pieces. Hey you! Down here!”
He jumped out and waved his hands. Instantly the Dullahan looked down. Before Luan could blink, she dropped out of the sky. Her head was on her shoulders in a moment. She pointed a finger at him. Luan swore and raised the club. She was fast!
“[Water W—]”
The Dullahan ducked as the club spun over her head. She pointed at Luan’s chest.
“[Water Wall].”
Water shot upwards from the ground, engulfing Luan in a second. The [Rower] struggled, arms flailing. He didn’t panic; he’d been in situations like this before. He just had to swim free—Luan’s eyes widened as he realized the water was thick. And it was keeping him in the center! Air was only a foot away, but he couldn’t make his body move as he tried to swim towards it. He saw the Dullahan smile slightly. Then her eyes narrowed. She spun as Umina burst out, shouting.
Choking, submerged in water, he saw the Lizardgirl hurl something at the [Mage]’s face. The Dullahan raised a hand and a shimmering barrier appeared, but it couldn’t block the cloud of dust. The particles swirled around the shield and the [Mage] doubled over. Luan flailed desperately, saw Umina run forwards as the [Mage] tried to point at her—
The water surrounding Luan collapsed. He hit the ground as it splashed around him, coughing and gasping for air. He crawled up and saw Umina racing towards him.
“Are you hurt? Sorry, I had to get into place!”
“I’m—”
Luan coughed up some water. He felt her slap him on the back and got up.
“I’m fine. What did you do? How’d you get—”
He looked at the Dullahan. Her head had rolled off her shoulders and she was unconscious. Umina grinned weakly.
“Just some flour and grit. It gets in the lungs and you hack a lot, but that’s all. [Mages] hate stuff like that, though. They can’t concentrate. Good thing her barrier spell was so poor. Low-level [Mages] usually use shield spells, not full-body protection spells. That’s a mistake, especially against clouds and other tricks like that.”
“How’d you get her to stop the spell?”
“I kicked her in the head. That works too.”
“Oh.”
Luan stared at Umina. Somehow he’d expected something more impressive. The Lizardgirl shrugged.
“Anti-mage tactics on a budget. I learned that getting into fights back at home. There’s always someone who’s got a [Sorcerer] spell and they can scorch your tail right off if you let them. Don’t worry, she’s just unconscious. Now, help me set up!”
So saying, Umina grabbed what looked like strips of paper and handed a stack to Luan. He stared blankly at them.
“What’s this for?”
“They’re ward talismans. They’ll keep anyone from reaching us if we stick them on the alley entrances. Confusion ward, I think. They’re not mine. Venaz gave them to me.”
Umina held up a piece of paper about as wide as Luan’s hand and a bit longer. He blinked, and then grinned in sudden delight as he recognized them.
“Are those talismans? Ofuda?”
They looked exactly like the Japanese warding charms he’d seen from their culture. The symbology didn’t look exactly like Kanji, but the concept was the same. Umina looked blank.
“What? Maybe. These are pretty strong! They should work on that patrol and these are…anti-scrying wards! Venaz really did come prepared! These are Drathian—here, put these up on the alleyway. I need to figure out where we are. Excuse me, this map…”
