6.23 D
Page 4
Venaz’s voice was muffled for a second. Luan heard another metallic rasp.
“I thought our possessions might be confiscated, or the Professor would have interfered with our equipment somehow. I expected a trick. Just not the Iron Vanguard. Historically, he’s pulled tricks like this before—confiscating all the student’s equipment and clothing and making them hide naked in the jungles. Casting an anti-magic spell that wiped out their equipment. Unleashing [Thieves] on us before the games started—”
“Dead gods. He did all that?”
The Minotaur’s voice was reproving.
“You should have studied. The Professor’s created countless undesirable scenarios. I thought a City Runner would ensure I got my possessions and maintained a huge advantage. Now, I wish I’d hired a mercenary company instead. Still, I feel better prepared now. Ready to leave?”
“Yes.”
The others chorused as one. Umina waded past Luan and shouted up at the door.
“Excuse me! We need out!”
“Already?”
There were hurrying footsteps. A flash of light. Luan looked up at a [Nightwoman], a Lizardwoman whose job it was to wade in what he was standing in every day. He had never had more appreciation for her class than now. Umina looked apologetic.
“Sorry, we can’t handle the smell. Mind if you get us a ladder? Er—stairs, for Marian? I’m really sorry.”
The Lizardwoman smiled.
“Aw, for you, anything. And we can get the Centauress up—we’ve got a platform for emergencies. You wouldn’t believe how many Centaurs fall in the toilet each year!”
“That happens? And thank you!”
The Lizardwoman disappeared. That left Luan and the other students standing in the now-illuminated tank. Luan shifted, saw something float past one foot—he closed his eyes.
The wail of the Screamer Dust had subsided, but he could still hear lots of shouting at a distance. More so than before, in fact. A game that engulfed an entire city? He shook his head. Well, it was the Titan of Baleros…he wanted to dunk himself in the harbor right after that.
“Nearly there! Hold on! It’s a bit heavy, but we’ve got a few hands! Don’t drop it on Umina, you guys! I’m rooting for her! Stand back!”
“We?”
Venaz looked alarmed as everyone moved to the side. Umina waved a claw at him.
“This apartment belongs to uh, the night soil collectors around here. I think they like to stick together.”
“Or no one else tolerates their company.”
“Venaz! They’re really nice. And that’s true. Okay, let’s get up there, ask what’s happened, and—”
A flash of light. Marian, who had been silent and trying not to throw up, suddenly spoke urgently.
“Umina, we need to leave, now.”
“Why? Wh—”
Umina, Luan, and Venaz saw the hatch opening. Behind them. The stairwell the [Nightpeople] lowered and the open privy was one spot of light, but on the far side of the wide tank a hatch had opened, to expose light into the darkness. And someone was preparing to—Luan climbed up the steps so fast he nearly knocked over Umina ahead of him. Venaz was right behind Luan, and Marian moaned as she got up the stairs.
“Oh, dead gods, dead gods, dead gods.”
“Sorry about that. Here. Let’s get you some water and uh, more water.”
The [Nightwoman] looked apologetically at her guests. There was a small crowd of her co-workers around her, mostly Lizardfolk and three Dullahans. They insisted on shaking hands—after a few buckets of water had been splashed on all four. It didn’t get rid of the smell, but it helped. Luan breathed freely as Umina spoke to the [Nightwoman] again.
“We’re really sorry. I could handle it, but my friends…we also have to get moving, I guess. Still, you saved us from that patrol.”
