6.23 D
Page 7
“Dignity, Perorn.”
Niers murmured out of the side of his mouth. But he couldn’t hold back his smile either. He watched as Wil sent the soldiers still disembarking from the warships charging up the streets, gaining as much ground as possible before the Iron Vanguard could regain their footing. Niers would have been happy to watch in silence, with only the audio from the scene.
But, sadly, there were always those whose first reaction to an unfolding drama was to give their opinion about it. The sort of people who would be standing in the crowd as someone drowned and offering their commentary on the other people diving in. Those sorts. And unfortunately, there were two who were debating the latest turn of events even as the images of Wil, his sister, and the army she was leading appeared on the scrying orb.
“Four warships filled with [Soldiers] and even a [Knight] order! Unbelievable, and the crews themselves are taking part! Amazing! Incredible! An inspiring turn of events! Sir Relz, can you credit this?”
The two Drakes were leaning over their upholstered arm chairs, staring at their own scrying orb and loudly speaking to their captive audience. The one with the monocle was nodding rapidly, but with a huge frown on his face in contrast to Noass’ look of amazement.
“I can, Noass, I can—I have eyes! But I don’t know that inspiring is the word I would use. Think on it, Noass. Yes, this a game-changer. But is it fair?”
He gestured to the image in the scrying orb as Noass sat back, looking confused.
“Anyone with the might of a Terandrian house could have pulled off this tactic. That the other students in the Titan’s classes haven’t isn’t due to a lack of skill. Consider this, Noass. If Wil Kallinad can pull an army out of his pocket, how can anyone else hope to compete?”
Niers saw Noass sit up a bit. He wondered if the Drake’s guild of assassins was still extant. Did they do contracts on public figures? He saw Noass cup his chin in his hand as he pointed at the orb, looking mildly outraged.
“Hold on, Sir Relz. I have to respectfully disagree with your assessment. Even if you knew Tulm the Mithril were going to appear in this game, Sir Relz, could you convince your family to send over a thousand soldiers to another continent? Let alone call on half a dozen other noble houses?”
He waved a claw at Wil, who had appeared in the scrying orb again in between his comments.
“And let me remind our audience that no one saw these warships coming! Not even the Iron Vanguard, which boasts the most powerful navy of all the Great Companies in Baleros bar none! Sir Relz, how can you dismiss that as simply the product of wealth?”
The other Drake adjusted his monocle haughtily as he frowned at his friend.
“I just have a hard time giving this as much credit as you, Noass. To me, this stinks of an advantage born of station, not achievement. I realize that my own position as a noble contradicts my statements, but I am a son of Pallass, not some arrogant Lord of the Wall, like Salazsar’s jumped up tyrants.”
“Oh, come now, Sir Relz. You can’t make this entirely referential to Drake politics. Even if you’re going to bring in someone like—like Wall Lord Ilvriss as a point of comparison—”
