6.23 D
Page 28
Tulm waved a hand. He’d barely glanced up from his map where he was plotting Wil’s forces. Yerranola groaned. Niers sighed. Then everyone turned as one of the spectators, one of Daquin’s Councilmen, raised his voice.
“Reckless! Absolutely—someone get a healing potion! This [Soldier]’s injured badly!”
The Lizardman was pointing and shouting. And little wonder. A Dullahan was lying on the ground. His armor was steel, but that hadn’t saved him; wooden pieces had perforated the metal like it was parchment. And blood was already spreading from his wounds as he tried to pull himself up.
“Healer!”
The cry came from a dozen throats as [Soldiers] from the Iron Vanguard rushed to tend to their fallen comrade. The moment was a tableau, captured once again by Wistram. A healing potion was produced and used at once. The Dullahan got to his feet, cradling his visored helmet as his body was helped upright. For a second, everyone was focused on the injured Dullahan.
“Heal the wounded. Reform the guard on the eastern entrance at once. As for the Selphid—place her with the other students. Now.”
Tulm was glancing towards Yerranola, his expression irritated. He spoke curtly. Yerranola’s face was a mask of horror.
“I’m really sorry, Professor. I didn’t think—is he alright?”
She strained to see as the Midnight Shields led her towards the other captured students. She called out again towards Niers. The Fraerling didn’t answer. He was staring at the scrying orb and the wounded Dullahan as the [Healer] rushed over to him. The [Soldier] was trying to get to his feet.
“I can walk. I can…I’ll go.”
He stumbled forwards, shrugging off help. The other Iron Vanguard Dullahans hovered around him, then composed themselves. True to Dullahans, they let the [Soldier] slowly proceed towards a [Healer] rushing towards him, passing slowly by the center circle.
It was a moment where no one was holding their breath. No one except Niers. And perhaps Tulm sensed it with a Skill. Or maybe it was intuition. But as the [Soldier] stumbled again, the Dullahan [Strategist] glanced up. His expression was absent for a second, puzzled. And then, suddenly intent. He pointed at the injured Dullahan and shouted in a field roar.
“Hold! That Dullahan’s armor isn’t bearing the Iron Vanguard’s insignia! Soldiers—”
Too late. Cameral began sprinting for Niers’ circle. The Iron Vanguard jerked as one. The Midnight Guard whirled. They charged Cameral. And they were quick! The Dullahan tried to swerve, but he was too slow. He knocked a hand free, charging at the circle with Niers in it. But he’d never make it. So—
He threw his head.
It was an easy toss. A lazy arc, belayed by the suddenness which with his body came to a halt as six Dullahans tackled Cameral at once. But they’d missed the head. And it flew.
Up, up! The Midnight Shields not tackling Cameral looked up. Several tried to change course, but their heavy armor weighed them down. It was too late. The world watched, open-mouthed as Cameral’s head fell down to earth, towards Niers, who’d stepped aside to give him room. He was going to make it! He was going to—
Tulm the Mithril leapt forwards. His jump carried him eight feet into the air, impossibly high. His mithril armor shone as his outstretched arm shot for Cameral’s head. Niers, staring upwards, saw the moment unfold.
Tulm, his eyes wide, hand outstretched. Cameral, shouting, his head slowly rotating as it dropped towards Niers. The Midnight Guard, lunging. Tulm’s hand, covered in the bright, magical metal, reaching, grabbing—
