6.23 D
Page 15
They hesitated. Then they did just that. Luan gripped the club with two hands and swung desperately. He nailed a Dullahan across the shoulder as he appeared out of the mists, and tripped up another with a foot. He kicked as the Dullahan stumbled and swore; the Dullahan’s armor was hard! But he knocked the Dullahan down. Before the [Soldier] could get up, Luan hit him across the back of the head. Not as hard as he could have; with his [Lesser Strength] Skill, the Dullahan’s eyes still rolled up and her head popped out of her armor.
“Umina!”
Marian drew an arrow and loosed it. The blunted sand-filled pouch struck a Dullahan straight between the eyes. He stumbled and fell forwards. Umina was ducking, dodging as Venaz took on half the patrol by himself. She reached into a pouch and hurled something into the eyes of a Dullahan. He shouted and reached a hand up as he swung blindly. Umina dodged back and Marian knocked him out with an arrow as well. She whirled—Luan raised his club.
“It’s me!”
“Help Venaz! Go left! I’ll use a Skill! Umina, get behind—”
The two stopped shouting and turned around. They looked around. And then they realized that the fighting had stopped. Venaz straightened as he dropped a pair of [Soldiers] he’d bashed together. The Minotaur grunted, wiped at his armor, and looked around.
“You got yours, then? Good. Grab a weapon if you don’t have one and keep moving! We’re sure to have attracted attention.”
He began trotting down the street. After a second he noticed he wasn’t being followed and came back with a huge scowl.
“What?”
“You just took out fourteen [Soldiers] by yourself!”
Marian pointed accusingly at Venaz. He looked around, and a mildly smug expression crossed his face.
“Well, they were clearly low-level. I didn’t see the [Sergeant] or [Lieutenant] leading this group. Maybe he was the one I dropped at the start? It would explain why they fell apart so quickly. It just goes to show that you can find trash in any army. Raw recruits; the Mithril should have brought veterans. But he underestimated me.”
He looked around. Marian was still staring. Umina rubbed her head.
“Even so. Are you a [Warrior], Venaz? I’d expect that from Jekilt, but Minotaur or not—!”
She gestured at the bodies. Venaz snorted impatiently.
“Do I look like I wasted levels on a fighting class? No! I have a few levels, but I’m a [Strategist] to the core. Come on. Stop wasting time!”
He set off. Luan staggered after him and after a beat, the Centaur and Lizardgirl followed. The Minotaur led them through the fogs, grunting and following the buildings on the left side of the street. After a moment, Marian spoke up again.
“Okay, so how did you do that? And don’t tell me it was your armor; you didn’t use a single artifact. Unless you have some kind of potion?”
“What, you mean like a battle pill? Do I look that weak?”
Venaz gave her a scornful glance. Marian opened her mouth and Umina slid between them.
“Venaz, you know what Marian means. You’re clearly good at fighting. Are all Minotaurs as good as you or did you learn that somewhere?”
The Minotaur slowed. He looked back with a smile.
“I learned it, of course. And Minotaurs are good. But no one is as good as me. Why do you think I’m here?”
He stomped on. After a second, Marian frowned.
“Here as in on Baleros? In the Titan’s class?”
“Obviously. Keep up, Marian. You’re normally quicker than that.”
“You—”
“You’re the best among your kind?”
