6.23 D
Page 44
The second charge hit the Midnight Shields as they fought in the melee—Marian saw one Dullahan in black armor go down to a strike from Sir Kelm’s spear. She kicked at another and saw the Dullahan raise his shield. Marian reeled; she felt like she’d cracked a hoof!
But they were faltering. Just another push! Just another—Marian looked around and saw Wil striking from horseback. His sister was with him, on the ground, dueling an Armor Captain. There were even some students in the press. They were all fighting forwards. Nearly. Nearly—
And then she saw him. He strode forwards, followed by a dozen Knights of the Summer. Venaz. And his voice picked up above the rest.
“[Unit: Enhanced Strength]. [Unit: Unstoppable Advance].”
Marian’s blood chilled. Here he came. And Venaz had used both of his Skills. The [Knights] following him swung their weapons and the Midnight Shields faltered. The armored Humans didn’t break stride as weapons struck their armor. They could not stop. They could not be stopped.
The lines broke around Venaz. He cleared the area around him, punching, knocking Dullahans flying. For one minute he was unstoppable. After that it would be over.
But a minute was all he needed. The Minotaur rampaged forwards, bellowing. And he was headed straight for the plaza.
No! Marian fought to get to him, but her Skills were too deadly. And he was the best for this moment. Wil was shouting and his soldiers were fighting. But Venaz was entering the plaza.
And only one person stood in his way. The Dullahan’s armor shone as the Midnight Shields backed up around him. He waited, his armor glowing with light. Venaz bared his teeth in a savage grin as he came face-to-face with him.
Tulm the Mithril.
The fighting slowed. Both sides, Humans, and Dullahans turned to look. You couldn’t help it. They watched, waiting. Would the Dullahan retreat? Could he stop Venaz? The [Knights] locked blades with the Midnight Shields. Venaz charged. He had thirty seconds. Less. But all he needed was to take out Tulm. If he fell—
The Dullahan stared down at Venaz. He looked past the Minotaur, at the distant shape of Xol. Charging through the crowds, but too slow. Too far. The Dullahan looked up. Teura hovered overhead. He stared up, and the Titan of Baleros waited. They both smiled. Ruefully. And Tulm spoke.
“[The Twice-Born Warlord].”
Venaz raised a fist. Tulm looked down. He raised a hand. Caught the Minotaur’s fist. And—
Marian looked up. She ducked. The Minotaur landed behind her, with a thump that shook the ground. He blinked down at his torn armor. Then he looked up at Marian.
“I might have underestimated him.”
Marian looked up. Tulm raised a fist. A Knight of the Summer raised his shield and spoke a Skill. The Dullahan hit him. The [Knight] went flying.
“How?”
The Centauress stared. Then she looked back. Xol approached. Calmly, the War Walker bent. He knocked Sir Kelm off his horse. Marian ducked as a finger flicked at her chest. She felt the crushing strength. The casual, incredible—and then she had it. She looked up and saw Tulm turning. He hurled another [Knight] back. And he looked up at Xol and nodded.
One and the same. One as strong as the other. A monster of strategy and one of might made into one body. [The Twice-Born Warlord].
“I can—I can do it. Give me a second.”
Venaz was getting up. He clutched at his chest, spat out some blood. Marian turned. Tulm was striding towards them, ignoring the blows against his mithril armor as if they weren’t there. The Centauress raised her bow.
“Tulm.”
