6.23 D
Page 14
Marian slowed. Ahead of her, Venaz was looking around slowly. The fog had reduced visibility. Sound. Everything was halved for Luan. He could still see the three [Strategists] in front of him, but their voices were quieter. Umina frowned.
“This…is Tulm the Mithril’s terrain Skill. [Cold Iron Mists]. Dead gods. This is the Skill he used when he beat Professor Fleethoof in battle.”
“Selphid’s tits. And he’s using it on us?”
Marian’s face was pale. Venaz shook his head. He took a breath, frowning.
“Damn air. But this works against him as well. Even if his troops are immune to the effects, visibility is still low on both sides. We can sneak through. Come on.”
He led the way down the street at a slower pace. Luan followed, hair standing up on his neck. A Skill had done this? Suddenly his [Lesser Strength] Skill and his other abilities he’d thought were too powerful seemed paltry by comparison. The three [Strategists] moved slowly, heads spinning left and right. Umina breathed in and out, taking huge gulps of air.
“We don’t want to go too far. The Iron Vanguard’s holding the center of the city. We just want to get closer and find another hiding spot. An apartment—”
“Hold up.”
Venaz held a hand. All four suddenly paused. Venaz frowned. Marian cupped a hand to an ear.
“I thought I heard—”
“Now.”
The shout came from all around them. Suddenly, the mists exploded as a group of Dullahans and three Centaurs raced out of the street. They’d been hugging the walls! Luan spun as nearly twenty rushed the four of them. Marian reared.
“Umina! Get behind me!”
“Oh, Nagas—”
The Lizardgirl grabbed at her belt. Luan hesitated. The [Soldiers] were armed! And he’d forgotten to grab anything like a weapon. But they wouldn’t kill him—
Just break every bone in his body! He dodged back as a Dullahan swung a cudgel at him. Marian grabbed an arrow. It was thick, with a heavy pouch of sand for a tip. She drew and loosed and the Dullahan charging her cursed as her arrow struck him across the cheek. A heavy blow. But he still came onwards. Marian swung her bow. Luan dodged backwards again, collided with Umina as she ducked a Centaur racing at her. Luan stumbled, and then felt the club strike his arm. He shouted in pain, raised a hand—
And Venaz grabbed the Dullahan, tore the club from the armored [Soldier]’s grip, and then hurled the Dullahan through the air, armor and all. The Dullahan crashed into three of his friends and they all went down. The Minotaur turned, punched the Centaur targeting Umina in the chest, and hit another Dullahan with a thwack that Luan almost felt. The Centaur stumbled and knelt; the Dullahan just fell backwards without a sound.
“You idiots! Grab a weapon and fight!”
Venaz roared at the others. He tossed the club at Luan and whirled. He didn’t bother with a weapon; the Dullahan charging him struck with a wooden sword at Venaz’s stomach. But he hadn’t noticed the Minotaur’s armor. The wooden sword bounced off the metal. The Dullahan swore. Then Venaz grabbed him. The Minotaur head-butted the struggling Dullahan, tossed him to the ground and kicked.
A female Dullahan with armor flew back six paces, her armor bent around the hoof print in the steel. The Dullahan patrol halted for a second and stared. Eight of the twenty down in seconds! Venaz turned. The Minotaur roared across the street, his voice cutting even through the heavy fog.
“I am Venaz! Foremost student of the Titan himself! Come at me, you pathetic cowards!”
