6.23 D
Page 20
“Of course. The House of Minos trades with the Drathians. They have useful tools. And most other species have a lot fewer counters to them. I have a few other…surprises. But nothing I’d care to use just yet. We are still competitors, Umina. Marian.”
The Minotaur shook his head. Luan eyed his back.
“So let me get this straight. One of your classmates brought in an army. And you brought a bag of holding, some artifacts and some armor, and you two have some potions, alchemist weapons, and flour.”
He looked at Umina. She blushed.
“Well, if it works…”
Luan groaned.
“I chose the wrong team, didn’t I?”
Venaz turned his head to glare at Luan.
“In the first place, if this were a survival game, or one of the Professor’s games where he demanded we hunt down monsters—I brought weaponry.”
“For a game of hide-and-seek in a city, Venaz? Really?”
The Minotaur snorted.
“It’s not always simply hiding or seeking. Sometimes the Professor changes the rules. If he unleashed Wyverns like he did in the last competition—”
Luan stared at Venaz as the [Strategist] broke off and grumbled under his breath. He looked at Umina.
“What kind of person is your teacher?”
The Lizardgirl smiled.
“He’s great.”
It was such a genuine remark Luan had no reply to that. He looked around. Umina cleared her throat.
“Anyways, it’s not as if the Professor’s the one targeting us. He set this up, but Tulm the Mithril’s our opponent. And he—”
“More soldiers!”
Venaz snapped. Luan, Umina, and Marian looked up. They tensed, ready for another skirmish. But this time the fight had come and gone before them.
A group of Dullahan [Soldiers], Humans, and even a pair of horses were all lying on the ground, being tended to by a small band of Lizardfolk wearing robes. They looked up as the students halted. Instantly, one of their number strode forwards. It was an old Lizardwoman. She raised her hand as Venaz made a fist and lowered his head to charge.
“[Healers]! Back off, or we’ll have you expelled from the game!”
The students and Luan hesitated. Now they saw the [Healers] were bending over the injured, tending to bleeding wounds with healing potion or poultices. They were even treating internal bleeding and broken bones, setting the wounds before applying healing potion or magical salves. The [Healer] who’d stopped the students raised an eyebrow.
“Oh. You’re the poor fools who still haven’t been caught. Do you have any damage we need to clean up?”
“We ran into two patrols a few streets back.”
Venaz jerked a thumb over his shoulder, still looking wary. The [Healer] sighed exasperatedly.
“How bad? And if you’ve hurt them badly—”
“Just bruises. Maybe a concussion or two. Broken ribs at worst. Don’t worry. I held back.”
The Minotaur smirked. The Lizardwoman gave him a look which removed the smirk. She sighed and gestured.
“Roleis, Armiga, you two see what’s wrong over there.”
Two of the [Healers] got up. Marian opened her mouth, hesitating. The old Lizardwoman noticed and smiled.
“Don’t worry; these [Soldiers] aren’t continuing. Titan’s orders. No one gets hurt. Still, if there aren’t a dozen deaths by the end of the day, I’ll be surprised. Horses, people—accidents happen when you have idiots charging each other with sticks, even if they are padded! Some game.”
She scowled angrily. Venaz looked at his companions.
“Who did the fighting here? Kallinad’s forces? From the docks? It looks like they took this street. Why didn’t they hold it?”
The [Healer] sighed.
