6.23 D
Page 30
“He nearly got you. Cameral. If you’d been a hair slower, he might have won. You didn’t think they’d be this aggressive, did you? You’re still underestimating them.”
He grinned as he perched on the very uncomfortable Dullahan’s head. Tulm glance at the Midnight Shield, and then up at Niers. He adjusted his head. His voice was impassive as ever.
“Tell me something. Was that Human boy—Wil Kallinad—really the surprise you mentioned? He will never make it in the plaza. You know he has no chance.”
Niers smiled. The two locked gazes. At last, the Titan shrugged.
“Alone, you’d be right. But teamwork nearly won once already. I wonder what happens if the other students work together?”
He turned back to his pedestal. Tulm stared at Niers’ back as the Titan helped himself to another lime drink and a candied nut. Then he looked around. His soldiers stared back. Slowly, Tulm glanced at his [Mage] responsible for sending [Message] spells.
“Command Xol to advance. Have the first to sixth Armor Captains begin sortieing with their units. It’s time to end this.”
 
—-
 
“The plaza is in sight! Just six more streets away!”
Merrik roared as his group advanced. The Iron Vanguard was pouring out to meet them. But an equally large force was marching with Merrik and his group.
Wil’s forces were advancing down the street. It had not been an easy battle. The [Knights] were tired. More than a few had been unhorsed. More than a few had been carried off the streets. And yet, still they came.
Humans. Terandria’s champions. And behind them was Wil, still moving forwards, still clashing with Tulm the Mithril himself. It was enough to make Merrik proud of his homeland. Even so, he was going to win this. The Dwarf hefted his greatclub as he walked forwards. Some of his friends walked with him.
Not all.
Kelsa was out. She’d been taken by nets. Romin was limping bad; a bone had been broken. Maybe even shattered. But he was still with them. He could heal later.
Cemiza was out. The Oldblood Drake had been caught by a [Mage]. But her friend, Kaelma, the [Fencer] with the silver bell, was still with them. Unharmed. So was Peki, the Garuda [Martial Artist].
And Merrik too. Oh, he’d taken bad hits, but nothing a healing potion couldn’t sort out. Now the Dwarf raised his club and roared and the soldiers around him cheered. He was out of Skills. But he was so close!
“Hold on, Professor. We’re nearly there!”
Merrik charged forwards. The Dullahans charged right back. There were a lot of them. But they could take them! They could—the Dwarf knocked three Dullahans down, aiming at their knees, then heard a voice that made his heart sink.
“Second Armor Company! Advance!”
A titanic roar worthy of the Professor himself. But this voice was properly huge, booming. It came from a giant.
“Aw, Dragon’s nuts! Here comes Xol! Peki!”
The Garuda flew up. Xol was impossible to miss. He was leading the Second Armor Company straight into the fray. [Knights] charged at him, using their spears like lances; the War Walker flicked them off their horses. He wasn’t holding a weapon. But he did have a massive tower shield. Peki dove at him.
“Rematch. Flutter kick. Swallow punch. Dodge—”
She flitted through the air, striking. Another Garuda went down, knocked clean out of the skies. Merrik grinned.
“Go Peki!”
Xol had halted as the Garuda advanced on him. He raised his shield as the Garuda spun left, daring him to strike and be countered. Xol’s voice was huge. Yet, almost conversational.
