6.23 D
Page 1
“With magic fog, warships, and people trying to bash my skull in?”
“Yes?”
“Explain. Please.”
“Well, let’s start from the beginning. My name is Umina. I’m a student of Niers Astoragon. The Titan. That’s Marian, the Centauress who kicked you. And Venaz is the one on his hands and hooves.”
“I’ll find that gold. You have my bag of holding?”
“Yes. Okay, now what’s this about a game…?”
“Well—”
 
—-
 
It was just a game. You could say that. Just a game. Why did it matter when there were people dying across the world? When monsters threatened lives, when war pressed down? There were some who would rail at the injustice. Why did a game matter? Why didn’t the world care about what was truly important, what mattered?
And they were right. And wrong. Because it was a game, yes, one where no one was supposed to die. On the other hand, it was a game set up by the Titan of Baleros. On one side you had Tulm the Mithril, the Iron Vanguard, and against him you had a class of students, all trying to reach their Professor in a plaza. Trying to make it to a small circle ten feet by ten feet across, to win a prize like no other.
The truth. And a gift from the Titan’s treasures. That alone made it a great game, one where the prize meant something. But the rest of it? The reason why the world watched?
Because it was real. It was true. The powers of the world, adults, rulers and leaders and monsters alike, watched children putting everything they had on the line for victory. Striving, as hard as they could. And so was it a game or reality? A mix of both, perhaps.
It mattered. It mattered so much the losers wept. It mattered enough for an army to sail from Terandria. And now they clashed on the street, with [Soldiers] from the Forgotten Wing and Iron Vanguard. And those soldiers gritted their teeth and held their ground, fighting with blunted weapons, breaking bones, drawing blood. Because although it was a game, they had pride. They wanted to win.
They all did. You could see it in the student’s eyes, hear it in their voices. The tremble, the longing.
Victory.
And that was why Luan could rationalize it all. He was standing up to his calves in…muck. Excrement. He was, in fact, standing in a septic tank, a collective latrine used by the citizens of Daquin. He had seen the very same thing in Talenqual; the pits were filled, as it were, by a block or a few houses, and periodically emptied by [Nightmen], by [Scourers]—those employed to take the collected matter. It was, after all, valuable in its way. You could use it as fertilizer.
But why anyone would stand here stretched the City Runner’s belief. The South African man might well have believed this was all some prank, or that Venaz, the Minotaur breathing shallowly next to him was entirely insane. Until he heard the Minotaur’s voice. The Centauress, Marian, and the Lizardgirl, Umina, explain. Then he understood.
Not everything. The feud between the Titan and his student, the politics of the Iron Vanguard, the fact that these three [Strategists] were students at some kind of academy and so on was a lot to digest. But Luan already believed. And part of him already understood the important part. Because of who Luan was.
