6.23 D
Page 27
The Wistram [Mages] looked up. They stared at the wagon, which was hurtling at them. It would pass far, far above Niers. But they would be paste.
“Barrier spell.”
Teura murmured somewhat urgently. Niers raised a hand.
“No barrier spells! If you interfere, I’ll have all of you tied to rocks and hurled into the harbor!”
He glared at the [Mages]. They hesitated. Then they stared at the Midnight Shields. They hadn’t moved. The group from Wistram looked at Tulm. He was watching the wagon as well. He wouldn’t let it hit them.
They stared at the wagon, which had somehow endeavored to pick up more speed. And at Niers. At Tulm. They were pretty sure. Pretty sure but then again, he didn’t have anything to lose. The wagon was ten seconds away. The [Mages] ran for it.
“[Lesser Teleport].”
“[Flash Ste—]”
The sight of the robed [Mages] diving for their lives was ironically captured by a watcher from above. And the wagon was still coming on. Niers stood still, staring through a gap in the Dullahans. Yerranola was laughing, pointing at him. He sighed.
“Ah, I think I see. Well—”
There was only one barrier left between the Selphid and her destination. The Midnight Shields. And at last they did move. The black-armored Dullahans marched forwards, forming a line of steel.
“Strategist?”
One of them spoke beneath her black helm. Tulm raised a calm hand.
“I leave it to you.”
“Yes, sir! [Lineholder Formation].”
The Dullahans braced. They didn’t draw their weapons. They didn’t raise their shields. They just stood their ground. And suddenly, they were a wall of black metal. Yerranola’s eyes widened. The Selphid took one look at the stationary Dullahans as her wagon screamed towards them. The circle.
“Uh oh—”
The crash was one of the most epic collisions captured on scrying orb. It was the kind of thing you watched once, twice, and then a third time just to remember. The reinforced wagon splintered. The contents of the wagon, weights, nails, all of it, exploded like, like…like a [Fireball] made of wood against the Dullahans. They were the immovable force, though. And the wagon smashed itself to bits against them.
Naturally, the Selphid went flying. She hit the ground and three Dullahans were on her in a second. Everyone else in the plaza, [Mages] to captured students to other Dullahans and teachers alike ducked as a hail of wood landed around them. Perorn, who’d wisely taken cover, watched as the wood fell down, temporarily a weather phenomenon.
Niers watched as the wooden splinters rained around him, blocks of wood twice as large as he was landing next to the Fraerling. He raised his eyebrows as a dagger of wood spun towards his face. At the last second it bounced off something. The Fraerling glanced down. A ring flashed on his finger. He sighed as he kicked the bit of wood out of the way.
“I’ll grant you it got you into the plaza, but against the Midnight Guard? Not exactly a smart move, Yerranola.”
He looked around for the Selphid. She was squirming as the Dullahans held her. Yerranola’s back was broken, and she was peppered with pieces of wood; one stood out from her chest where it was embedded three inches deep. Still, the Selphid grinned with her classic, irrepressible good nature.
“Whoop! Looks like that failed! See you, Professor! I—oh, hells!”
She gasped as one of the Midnight Shields slammed her onto the ground. The Selphid blinked up at them.
“Ow. I felt that.”
“Student apprehended. Strategist, your orders?”
“With the others.”
