6.23 D
Page 37
Outmatched. Outmaneuvered. Part of him wasn’t surprised. What had he expected? Fighting Tulm was like fighting the Professor. Even with his surprise attack. Even with the other students—
This was it. Jekilt, Merrik, even Yerra and Cameral were down. The adventuring teams had retreated and now the sailors were pulling out. They were tired of being beaten down. Wil glanced up.
“How many [Knights] can do battle still, Sir Kelm?”
The man hesitated.
“Sixty four. Half unmounted.”
Wil nodded.
“In that case, have them prepare. We have one last assault left. Commander Wylint, I will leave you in charge of the rear. Keep us from being encircled long enough for us to settle things.”
“Lord Kallinad! I can keep going—”
The [Commander] was barely on his feet. Wil shook his head. His stomach was twisting. Was this it? He looked around. The faces around him were grim. As if they were really losing a battle. But they were. And it might not be life or death, but it felt like it. Wil closed his eyes.
“One last push. We take the plaza’s south entrance. Form up—”
“Wil!”
He turned.
He spun. The [Knights] standing around him turned, hands on their wooden swords. But the voice wasn’t another call to arms. It was Talia. His sister walked with a slight limp. On foot; her warhorse had taken a fall and was being healed. And following her—Wil’s eyes widened.
“Marian? Venaz? Where have you two been?”
The two walked forwards, followed by a dark-skinned Human man that Wil had never seen before. Wil stared at Marian and Venaz. He’d wondered if Marian was still around with Umina—he hadn’t seen them captured. But he could scarcely believe Venaz had made it this far without being surrounded. The Minotaur glanced around as the Humans blinked at the two visitors.
“Wil, I met them when we engaged that Dullahan company. We sent them packing, in no small part thanks to these two.”
The Humans brightened at Talia’s news. Wil nodded. A small victory, but every bit helped. He looked at Venaz.
“Are you two trying to reach the plaza?”
“Trying. Is this your gambit to take out the best competitors now, Wil? I warn you; it won’t be easy.”
Venaz flexed an arm and stared around. The Humans stared at him. Wil nearly laughed.
“If I had time to deal with competitors—I wish our entire class was here. Or haven’t you seen the Iron Vanguard forcing us back? They’ve taken out all but a dozen students and I think the rest are hiding. Where’s Umina, Marian? Did she get captured?”
“No. I think not, at any rate. We got separated recently.”
The Centauress frowned. She looked at Wil’s map. And then at the ongoing tally of numbers on both sides he’d written up in shorthand. She winced.
“This is it, then?”
“One last push. You care to join in?”
“We were thinking of trying our own hand. But if you offer us no choice…”
Venaz eyed the map. He snorted dismissively.
“A simple assault? That’s my inclination too, looking at your numbers. This is the moment. If you allow the Iron Vanguard to regroup, they’ll surround you. You press on, or you allow victory to slip through your fingers.”
The others at the table blinked at Venaz. But Wil nodded.
“He’s right. This is it. We can’t do anything else.”
“But assaulting the plaza directly? We can’t break through their ranks, let alone those Midnight Shields.”
Sir Kelm frowned. Wil nodded heavily. He saw Venaz hesitating. The Human man was elbowing him and whispering to Marian as well.
“What? And who is this?”
Marian chewed her lip, and then nodded. Venaz looked ready to protest; she kicked him with a hoof and he growled, but let her go on.
