6.23 D
Page 3
“You’re exaggerating, Marian. If I had to choose between breaking my word over fifty gold pieces or drinking this filth, I’d rather give up fifty gold. Kraken’s tooth, but this is disgusting! Umina, what possessed you to hide here? I can’t see anything either.”
The Lizardgirl spoke up nervously. She had a higher-pitched voice, and from the way she shifted, was clearly more hesitant than her two companions. She sounded younger, too.
“Well…it’s a perfect hiding spot, isn’t it? Short of magic, no one will even think to look here. Dogs won’t sniff us out—we could hide for a long time here.”
“I’d rather be caught.”
Marian groaned. She sounded faintly sick. Luan was trying not to breathe. The smell did not get better over time. He looked around.
“Well, I did my job. Can I leave now?”
“No.”
All three students said it at once. Luan scowled.
“Why?”
“You’ll give us away. We need to win this thing.”
“You mean, get to the center of the city and reach your Professor? Like a game of capture the flag?”
“Hm? Well, I suppose so. It’s a lot more involved than that. Did you notice the soldiers?”
“I was nearly beaten by the soldiers. What kind of game has people attacking City Runners and civilians?”
Venaz grunted.
“What kind of proper game wouldn’t have that? Damn. I can’t find…Umina, can I get some light?”
“Sure. Just for a second. [Light].”
The Lizardgirl cast a spell. A hovering orb of light illuminated their surroundings. Luan saw moldy, slimy wooden walls, the Lizardgirl, a Centauress standing next to her, Venaz, one filthy hand holding the bag of holding—and then the [Rower] realized that Umina had illuminated what he was standing in.
He wished she hadn’t. Luan looked down and retched. It was semi-liquid, that was true. But there were…crusts. Venaz made the same mistake and uttered an oath. Marian began dry-heaving.
“Sorry!”
The light disappeared, but Luan had enough. He raised a hand, realized what was on it, and let it fall.
“I wish to leave now.”
“You can’t. I’m sorry, but we need a plan. Those mists rolled in moments after the Screamer Dust. Tulm the Mithril must have used one of his Skills, or his [Mages] conjured something incredible!”
“That was a Skill. [Cold Iron Mists] or something like it. A [Mage]-killer technique. Lesser artifacts and spells will fail inside of the fog. And we’ll be weighed down. Not that it matters. I intend to move shortly. What of you two? We are competitors, but given what we’re up against, I wouldn’t mind teaming up.”
Venaz was pulling something out of his bag of holding. Luan heard a clank, and then saw the Minotaur shifting. Venaz’ was lifting something up.
“Watch out or I’ll hit you.”
Luan shifted back a few steps. Marian lifted a foot with a wet, sucking sound.
“Umina, both your ideas are good hiding places. And I think we could hide here for a good time. But we need to win, not just hide. That’s the point of the game. We haven’t figured out how to defeat the Iron Vanguard, but we won’t manage it here. And frankly, if I have to stay here another minute longer than I have to, I will kill you and everyone down here ending with myself.”
She sounded serious. Luan shifted back from her. Umina sighed.
“I suppose you’re right. But we are at such a…I don’t know how to take on those Dullahans. You’d need an army! This isn’t just hide-and-seek. They can seal off the plaza with how many bodies they have. But you’re right. Venaz, a team up? What did you bring in that bag of holding?”
Marian shifted again.
“And why did you have a City Runner deliver it? You could have just…brought one. I did.”
