6.23 D
Page 17
“At least we’re not fighting the Iron Vanguard. I served with Fleethoof. You know. In the battle.”
“No kidding, [Captain]?”
“I don’t want to talk about it. Let’s just say that the sooner this game’s over and I see the back of that damned Dullahan, the better. He can bite my equine ass if he thinks we’ll help him win. With that said, ten gold pieces is still ten gold pieces. And if we do run across a bunch of arrogant little snots thinking they can sneak past us—”
“Oh shit.”
The soldiers turned. Luan whirled around as he heard galloping hooves. Marian, drawing an arrow, yelped as a Centaur [Captain] charged out of the mists and rammed into her. He had a staff in one hand and whirled it. Marian took a hit across the head and torso as the Centaur whirled.
“There’s four! Surround them and—”
He dodged backwards as Venaz lashed out with a kick. The Centaur blocked with his staff; the wood bowed inwards and splintered with the impact, but the staff held. He swore and backed up.
“They’ve got a good fighter! Get over here!”
Running footsteps. Umina reached for her belt as Luan held his club up. Marian scrambled backwards as Venaz advanced with his arms raised, grinning. The Centauress shouted at Luan and Umina.
“I’ll back that idiot up. You two, run. We’re bait—secure our next spot!”
So saying, she charged a [Soldier] coming out of the mist. Luan looked at Umina. She pointed down the street.
“Follow me!”
The patrol raced after them, but Luan and Umina were already moving and the fog obscured vision, and the pounding footsteps were hard to place. They settled for Marian and Venaz. The two whirled, keeping the group back. The [Captain] faced off against Venaz. He whirled his staff; the Minotaur grunted as he blocked a strike aimed at his chest, and then his chin in quick succession.
“I’ve got him, Captain!”
Someone shouted from behind Venaz. A Lizardman lunged forwards, swinging a cudgel. He connected solidly with Venaz’ back and heard an unpleasant clang.
“Uh—”
A seven-foot tall Minotaur wearing full plate armor raised his fist as he turned around. The five foot six Lizardman [Soldier] looked at his cudgel. He backed up too slow. The thump of the Lizardman hitting the ground made the other Forgotten Wing soldiers wince. They backed up as the [Captain] came at Venaz again. The Minotaur was laughing and shouting.
 
—-
 
“Forwards! For glory and the House of Minos!”
The sound came from behind them as Luan and Umina staggered out of a cloud. The Lizardgirl hissed.
“The mist’s lifted here! That means we either went the wrong way—or someone lifted the fog around here!”
Luan looked around wildly.
“Why would they do that? And where do we go?”
“Anywhere. We just need to secure a route away from that patrol. Hurry! Let’s make sure the street is clear. I have some wards—anyways, the only reason someone would do that is if it was someone against the Iron Vanguard. Or if they needed to cast magic—”
She stopped. Both she and Luan looked around. They saw an empty street. Empty windows, too. And in one apartment, dripping water. Almost as if—
A shape floated out over a balcony. Umina flattened herself in a shadow and Luan crouched at once. A Dullahan with shining crystal built into his armor was floating through the air at street level, her head floating next to her body, swiveling back and forth. The Lizardgirl hissed at Luan.
“Oh hell, [Mage]! She must have heard the fighting. Hold on—distract her!”
“Me? How?”
The Lizardgirl didn’t answer. She was creeping sideways, risking being spotted to get behind the Dullahan. Luan cursed.
