6.23 D
Page 10
His sister fell silent. Wil nodded to Sir Kelm. The [Knight] saluted.
“By your order, Sir [Strategist]. What’s the signal for retreat in case of emergency?”
Of course. Wil hesitated.
“Three horn calls, Sir Kelm. My apologies.”
He nodded and Wil remembered. Don’t flush with embarrassment. Don’t panic. He switched to the Drowned Man.
“[Captain].”
“Captain Squallcut, at your service.”
The Drowned Man gave Wil a grin. One of his eyes was part fish and it winked with a pale, yellow light. The Terandrian officers shuddered. Wil glanced around.
“To your stations! Move those men up with Commander Wylint! Are you waiting for the Iron Vanguard to set a picnic!”
They jumped and ran. Squallcut laughed and gave Wil a bow that looked halfway sincere.
“So you’re not just able to plot a course through the ocean currents, then? A master on the deck.”
Wil felt a grin take over his face, unfamiliar. Wild. His heart was beating. He could feel it, louder than war drums.
“This is my ship, Captain Squallcut. Can I trust your men to take orders, or won’t they obey?”
The Drowned Man looked amused. He waved an arm and two more [Captains] followed him. One was a Gnoll with a peg leg, a bandana tied over her head. The second, a Garuda whose feathers on his legs had turned to scales.
“They came for a fight, not a Terandrian dancing lesson. If the orders are good, we’ll think of obeying.”
Feshi turned and bowed to the Gnoll [Captain]. The Gnoll grinned.
“So this is the Human who sailed us through the Kraken’s Gulch? He barks fire! Little land-cousin, does he have the courage to lead a [Storm Sailor] crew? And take the consequences of failure?”
The Gnoll [Strategist] hesitated. Wil answered for her. He didn’t know Gnolls, but he knew [Pirates].
“What’s your name, [Captain]?”
The Gnoll with the peg leg gave Wil a long look. She wore a cutlass at her side.
“They call me Saltears, boy. On the sea, that is. If you want my real name, ask me when I’m in irons.”
“Then stow your sword, Saltears. No one draws blood.”
“Says who?”
“The Titan himself. And he’ll drown Storm Sailors in the waves if his orders aren’t obeyed.”
The Gnoll paused. She looked at Wil. The young man met her eyes and then the Garuda’s and Squallcut’s. They were watching him closely.
“I don’t need your men, [Captains]. But if you and your ship’s crews will fight, on land or sea, I’ll pad whatever my sister’s paying you myself. The Iron Vanguard will be attacking us from the rear. And we have to sally forth and reach the plaza. But mark me—if your crew won’t take my orders, you can wait on the sides. I mean to dance with Tulm the Mithril himself, and I’ll drag him over the world’s edge if I need to. There’s no room for mutiny in this battle. Understand?”
They waited. And then the same grin spread across three faces. Saltears removed her cutlass and tossed it backwards towards a [Storm Sailor].
“Boy, we’ll hold your harbor against six warships or twenty! The rest of my lads will move with your land slugs. Where do you want me?”
Wil bared his teeth.
“Can you punch through a street full of Dullahans? I want you to bring a message to a bunch of students fighting. There’s several hundred of them—some are officers, others are [Strategists]. Tell them I’m overseeing the command of Kallinad’s army. If they want to fight, they can flank the enemy soldiers. We’re all going towards the same spot. You need to cut through the Iron Vanguard to get there—and those clouds. [Mages] choked in them.”
The [Captains] looked up. Saltears perked up one of her ears.
“Good thing we’re not [Mages]. Say I do that. What then?”
