6.23 D
Page 21
“It’s all hit and away. It keeps us running, but those Humans aren’t getting any closer, even with their [Knights]. The Iron Vanguard has stalled them and both groups are clashing in the streets without getting into a big confrontation. That will change soon; I know your lot. Hotheaded, the lot. But why am I telling you?”
She eyed Venaz severely. The Minotaur ignored her; his eyes were narrowed on the street ahead.
“We can use this. So long as we don’t run into too many patrols, we still have a chance.”
“Fat chance of them going after you. Hey, does anyone have a scrying orb? Maybe they’ll show you bashing heads so we know where to find your victims.”
The Lizardwoman [Healer] glared. Luan looked from her to Marian and Umina, who were arguing over the map and their location.
“So there are two companies fighting? Or is it three? I’m not clear on that.”
The [Healer] raised her brows as she turned to Luan. She seemed to figure out he wasn’t a student at once, because she gave Luan a more measured—and polite—reply.
“There are two companies doing the seeking. The [Soldiers] of the Forgotten Wing company, and the Iron Vanguard. We belong to the Forgotten Wing company, and so do these three nominally, at least.”
She gestured at Marian, Umina, and Venaz.
“It makes sense our soldiers aren’t seeking your friends as hard as the Iron Vanguard; they don’t want to get that badly hurt, no matter the prize. Ten gold isn’t worth fighting him.”
She pointed to Venaz, who looked pleased at the compliment. Luan focused on the second part of her statement. He’d heard that before.
“Ten gold pieces per student? That’s what the soldiers get for capturing someone?”
He glanced sideways at Marian. The Centauress looked up and tossed her head.
“Don’t get any funny ideas. You’re being paid more to help us, remember? And this is guaranteed money.”
Umina nodded absently. She sidled up to the old [Healer] who seemed content to talk while her coworkers actually did the healing.
“Excuse me, Miss Healer? Could I ask you to show us where we are?”
“What, and help you cheat?”
The old woman exploded. Umina winced. The Lizardwoman hesitated and eyed Umina.
“Well, it couldn’t hurt. What with those Terandrians bringing an army in. You’re Umina, aren’t you? My granddaughter’s your age. Alright, show me. Yes, yes…you’re right about here. And before you ask, no, I don’t know where the fighting is. But if you listen, they’re probably…”
She bent over the map. Venaz edged over to see with Marian. Luan looked at the injured soldiers. All this fighting. It made more sense now. You had to reward everyone taking part, or give them a chance. He frowned to himself.
“A game. If that’s the case, why not…”
An idea nagged at his head. Then he heard a curse. Venaz was looking up and down the street and Umina was folding her map. Marian galloped down the street and came back instantly.
“You were right! There are at least a hundred coming down the street!”
“[Soldiers]? Which side?”
“Does it matter? We’re going to be pounded flat either way! We have to outrun them!”
“But that’s the way we have to go to the plaza! Maybe we can break through. I have—”
Venaz was rummaging in his bag of holding. The [Healer] snapped at once.
“No more fighting! The wounded need to be cleared out! I forbid you to use an artifact!”
“We need to go forwards. We’re running out of time!”
The Minotaur pointed at the sun, which was nearly on its way to becoming evening. The Lizardwoman drew in a breath, and Luan grabbed her arm gently. He looked up the street where the unmistakable sound of marching boots was coming from.
