6.23 D
Page 29
He caught Cameral and twisted out of the way, landing with a crash as the Midnight Guard leapt too. The Mithril rolled, grasping Cameral’s head by the hair. The Dullahan student was grimacing as his body lay, pinned by four of the Midnight Guard. Tulm held Cameral’s head upright as he scrambled to his feet. He paused, wavering.
The Midnight Guard froze. The audience in the square froze. And every eye turned towards Niers Astoragon. They all stared, students, teachers, spectators.
Had Cameral done it? Had his head passed into the circle, or had Tulm caught him in time? The world waited. And Niers studied the circle marked by ropes. He checked the air where Cameral’s head had been, glanced at the two Dullahans, Tulm and Cameral’s head.
The Fraerling raised his arms. He waited for one eternal heartbeat, for the effect, for the drama, and then swung them down.
“Out!”
And the audience went wild.
 
—-
 
Minutes later, a lifetime of excitement later, Yerranola and Cameral were being spoken to by Wistram [Mages] as they sat with the other former contestants. The [Mages] were of course, lenses for the world to witness all that was unfolding and they did more than just watch the action in the streets.
They were interviewing the losers for their thoughts, opinions, and of course, reactions to what was happening. And now the latest two students were the subject of all the attention, despite the battle still raging in the streets.
“Of course it was planned. You think we stuck a bunch of wooden bits in Cameral’s armor and drew some blood to fake his accidents for fun? Come to think of it…”
Yerranola was chatting happily to the [Mage] asking her questions. She looked relaxed, for all her body was in tatters. Cameral was uninjured. His faked injuries had already been healed, for they had been quite real. But he had never been in any danger not planned. He was more subdued, but he did manage a quiet nod and a reply.
“Neither Yerra nor I had made enough preparations for this event. After we saw the Mithril and the Iron Vanguard arriving—we might have continued, but Wil’s strategy showed us just how unlikely we were to succeed. So we teamed up.”
“And this was your plan?”
The scrying orb the [Mage] was holding up switched to Sir Relz. The Drake was leaning forwards, interviewing the two [Strategists]. Yerra nodded casually.
“It was worth a shot. I was the bait and Cameral was just going to run for it. I know it’s not that impressive, but we decided to be bold since we had no other good hands to play. I hope the Professor won’t scold us for it.”
She glanced at Niers. After a moment, the sighing Fraerling appeared in the orb.
“Boldness is a virtue. I won’t say either Yerranola or Cameral exceeded my expectations, but they certainly came closer than any other student. Yerra was the first to break the plaza’s encirclement, unorthodox and risky through her plan was. How close it was depends. A head isn’t exactly a body; I would have had to think if Cameral had landed on whether that counted. But perhaps Tulm has an opinion on how good the gambit was?”
He winked at the audience. The screen switched to Tulm. The Dullahan, who had returned to his war table, glanced up briefly.
“Remove the [Mages]—”
The image went dark for a second. Niers, relaxing in his seat, saw Tulm walk away from the protesting Wistram [Mages]. Niers whistled, and Tulm stopped as he passed by the circle, guarded by a double ring of somewhat abashed Midnight Shields this time. Niers hopped onto another helmet and spoke quietly to Tulm.
