6.23 D
Page 19
She indicated the ones Luan should put up. Gingerly, almost reverentially, he stuck the warding papers on the alley they’d come through, four of them. Two made him vaguely nauseous as he stared at the glowing ink, and the other two had some kind of closed eye inscribed amid the magical writing. They weren’t sticky, but somehow, when he placed them, they instantly gripped the stone brickwork as if they’d been glued in place.
“So sugoi.”
For a second Luan let his inner fan of Japanese culture escape. He wished Ken were here to see this! Then he turned to Umina.
“All done. What next?”
“Call them! Venaz! Marian!”
Umina shouted down into the alleyway, into the mists. Luan took a breath as well and bellowed as loudly as he could.
“This way! Street’s clear!”
For a moment he only heard distant sound of fighting and shouts. Then pounding footsteps, growing louder rapidly. Luan stood back just in time; Venaz hurtled through the alleyway, half-carrying Marian. She had a black eye and several discolored bruises on her arms already.
“Marian!”
“She just took a few hits. Move aside.”
Venaz grunted and grabbed a potion from his bag of holding. Unceremoniously, he uncorked it and splashed Marian in the face with it. The Centaur gasped and came back to life. She staggered to her hooves, looking around wildly.
“The patrol—”
“We won free. And you used the talismans. Good work.”
Venaz trotted over to the alleyway. He frowned at the four glowing ward papers and then at Umina and Luan.
“You didn’t need to use four. Two is enough. One for the patrol, one to blank scrying.”
Umina looked embarrassed.
“Sorry. I didn’t know how strong they were. Can you remove them?”
“Too late. They’re activated. These are high-quality. Even a Level 40 [Warrior] would get turned around. Unless that [Captain] has a [Scout]’s Skills or an artifact, we’re safe. It doesn’t matter. I have more.”
Venaz flicked his fingers. Absently, he rubbed at one horn and cursed.
“He wasn’t bad. Those [Soldiers] nearly got us. Why is there no mist here? Have we gone the wrong way?”
Umina pointed silently. Venaz noticed the unconscious Dullahan [Mage] at last.
“Ah. Good work, you two. It seems this Skill affects even the Mithril’s own [Mages]. Good to know…where are we?”
Marian sat down for a second to catch her breath. Umina shook her head as she investigated her map.
“We’ve gone down several streets. I don’t know where we are exactly until we get onto a roof.”
“Better not. They’re watching the roofs.”
“Right. Well, I think we’re a lot closer to the plaza now. We’ll know once we run into the fighting.”
Venaz frowned.
“Yes. I’d like to know how far Wil’s forces have pushed in. We’re moving blind. But we are getting closer. I can feel it.”
“Oh, you can feel it? I can feel a knot on the back of my head.”
Marian scowled at Venaz. He ignored her as he glanced up and down the street. He grabbed another bottle from his bag of holding and tossed it at Marian.
“Enough rest. Stamina potion. Drink a mouthful if you’re tired; its top-tier so don’t waste it. Let’s keep moving; those charms only ward the alley behind us, not in front.”
He began striding forwards. Marian got to her feet with a grimace. Luan declined the potion although Umina took a swig.
“Whoa. It even tastes good. Venaz, exactly what else do you have in that bag of holding besides those charms? They’re from the Drath Archipelago, aren’t they?”
