6.23 D
Page 9
“Sir Kallinad! I am Lance-Commander Wylint, serving House Teoring and commanding two hundred of my men! We are disembarking and looking for orders—”
Glance up. See Talia’s face. Excitement, passion. Her horse shifting. Not her favorite war-griffin, Amberwing. Too dangerous. And conspicuous. Wouldn’t like a sea voyage. Waiting faces.
Fear. Terror. Uncertainty. Elation. A thousand and one emotions and more, running hot in his veins. And just when he thought he’d break under it, a realization. The Professor’s words, beating in his chest.
“You only get once chance, lad.”
“What’s that? Wil?”
Concerned faces. Wil Kallinad glanced up, taking in the ring of Humans around him. One Drowned Man, a [Captain]. And Feshi. The Gnoll stared at Wil. And he breathed in and out slowly.
For a moment, Wil looked around and memorized the moment. And he knew that as long as he lived, he would never forget this day. Never lose this moment. Whether it was in shame or glory. And he stood a bit straighter. The fear and panic in his breast didn’t disappear. It never did. But he mastered it.
Thank you, Professor. You gave me a chance.
“Wil? Are you—”
The [Strategist] turned. He cut his sister off. He checked the sun, and began snapping orders.
“Lance-Commander Wylint, you are now acting-[General] on the field. Unload those ships! I want the soldiers moving up the streets as fast as they unload! Don’t worry about formations! We’re taking the first six streets from the harbor and holding there. Keep a [Mage] on standby and I’ll have orders for you in minutes!”
“Sir!”
Will turned and surveyed the people around him. His mind was snapping to ideas and conclusions like lightning, too fast to fully process into words. The [Captain]? No. The [Knight] in brown and red, stained armor. Autumn Knight.
“The Iron Vanguard is using [Message] spells, but they have horns and drums as well. We’ll relay using messengers on horseback to avoid mixing signals. Sir Kelm, take your men down the main street. Engage the enemy at your discretion, but fall back in the face of superior numbers or if Xol is spotted. I will send you reinforcements as needed; the other [Rider] and [Knight] patrols I will split up across side streets. We will be preparing to flank and ambush the enemy; all mounted forces are to prioritize withdrawing.”
“Hit and run tactics? But we brought—”
His sister was confused. Wil held up a hand, not looking at her as he checked the map.
“The Iron Vanguard has the numbers and superior soldiers. They’ve also fielded Xol, one of their War Walkers. We cannot take him.”
“If we used lances—”
He glanced up. Talia was taking a breath, ready to argue. Sir Kelm was watching, the [Captain] grinning. Wil glanced at the waiting officers. Some were watching him. He nodded shortly.
“If this were a situation where the both sides used lethal weapons, I wouldn’t have brought half as many [Knights]. Especially against the Iron Vanguard. They can’t kill our horses or unseat our cavalry as easily; but this is still the Professor’s game. We’re pushing in fast; the goal is still to reach the central plaza. Commander Wylint! These streets I want fortified! Here, here, and here!”
He stabbed chokepoints. It was easy. He’d memorized the map a week ago and he knew where the Iron Vanguard’s force roughly was. If you calculated how fast a Dullahan could run—they could dig in. After that…Talia was glaring at him.
“Wil! We can win this! I didn’t talk father into coming all this way just to run from a fight. Trust me, we can—”
“Knight Talia, the [Strategist] on the field is speaking.”
“I—”
