6.23 D
Page 32
“We have a chance. We just need a way to get past the majority of the Iron Vanguard and the Professor’s soldiers. If we had a clear shot at the Professor, there’s just the Midnight Shields in the way.”
“Elite soldiers. But they can’t do more than break our bones. It’s definitely possible to get into that circle. I have some items.”
Marian checked her bag of holding. Venaz nodded.
“But we have to get through all of the Iron Vanguard’s main army. And Wil hasn’t the strength to push in. Not anymore! He needs help. By my count he’s used up all his Skills. And something must be done about Xol. None of us can take him out.”
“You surprise me, Venaz. I thought you’d be raring to challenge him yourself.”
Venaz shot Marian a slow look.
“I’m not an idiot. Xol of Ingrilt is more than a match for all of us.”
Luan shifted. He’d been quiet since he’d helped them use the [Healers]. Umina thought the City Runner had still been processing the game, having not quite ever gotten the full story. Now he glanced at Xol, who was front and center in the scrying orb as he waded through the Humans.
“Xol, huh? He’s the largest [Juggernaut] I’ve seen so far. Is he special or something?”
The other students glanced at him. Umina raised her brows as her tail swished back and forth. More and more surprises! Marian’s instincts had been spot on. She nodded carefully.
“You’ve seen [Juggernauts] before? Sorry, I mean, War Walkers? They’re really rare.”
“It was the only battle I’ve ever taken part in. I saw them fight. I won’t forget that. This Xol is a gentle soul by comparison. Hey, is this scrying orb’s image something I can watch later? If my company could see this—”
Luan replied absently. He was holding something in one pocket. But he hadn’t taken it out. Marian nodded.
“War Walkers are notoriously good at…killing. They’re big targets too, though. As bad as using Giants in battle. Still, in a situation like this, they shine. And Xol is bigger because he’s one of the oldest and strongest War Walkers alive. He could beat any [Knight] that Wil brought with him. Probably.”
“Without their enchanted weaponry? Definitely. We have to evade him. Strike while he’s distracted. It might be time for a gamble. Force our way in. I can hold off…some of the enemy.”
Venaz checked his talismans again. Umina was still focused on Luan.
“You have a company? That’s unusual for a City Runner.”
Luan glanced up.
“Yeah. I’m part of a company. The United Nations company. We’re based in Talenqual.”
Umina looked excited.
“Talenqual? That’s my—”
Venaz snorted as he reached into his bag of holding.
“How many nations are part of your company? Don’t answer; it’s a terrible name for a company. You should change it.”
Luan glared at Venaz.
“Venaz is a terrible name for a Minotaur. You should change it.”
Venaz’s brows snapped together. Marian looked delighted, but then she intervened, for once the peace mediator.
“Argue over names later. It’s time to make a decision. Wil’s forming up. He’s going for the decisive blow as well.”
It was true. Across the city, Wil’s force was drawing in, abandoning their fortified streets. Umina whistled.
“He’s even abandoning his rear. He’s going all in.”
“Smart. It’s the only way he wins. One push takes all. But Xol and Tulm—he won’t make it alone.”
Venaz stared at the image in the scrying orb. Then he looked up.
“I’m going. This is our chance. Umina. Marian. Do you concur?”
The two looked at each other.
“We concur. Let’s do it. I still don’t have a plan, though.”
Luan hesitated. Umina noticed that. She turned to him.
“Do you, Luan?”
