6.23 D
Page 22
“Excuse me.”
She yanked her arm free of Luan’s grip and glared at him.
“Threaten me, and the Titan will feed you to the worms, no matter who you are. This isn’t up for debate. That goes for you. Prized students or not—”
She rounded on Venaz. Luan raised his voice urgently.
“No. I was just wondering—you’re prohibited from fighting, but would you be willing to earn some gold?”
The [Healer] paused. And the other [Healers] who’d been tending to their tasks looked up. Marian, Venaz, and Umina looked at Luan sharply. The Lizardwoman glanced over her shoulder and then around, as if looking for watchers. Then she eyed Luan.
“I’m listening.”
 
—-
 
Half a minute later, a huge patrol of the Iron Vanguard came down the street. They were ready for a fight; [Soldiers] armed with shields and heavy clubs were at the front, with archers and padded arrows and [Mages] following behind. They even had two of the Midnight Shields leading their group. They stopped when they saw the wounded on the street. The Lizardwoman strode up to them at once, scowling.
“We’re [Healers]! This lot just got taken out! Keep clear of the injured or I’ll have your head!”
She pointed. The [Commander] leading the battalion hesitated. He eyed the injured Humans, Dullahans, and others alike. It was impossible to tell who had belonged to which side as the wounded groaned or tried to sit up.
You could guess in broad terms, but there had been some Dullahans even among the [Storm Sailors] and Humans were employed in the Iron Vanguard, however infrequently. He frowned at a Minotaur lying still on the ground in full plate armor. He looked unharmed—until you saw the red blood smeared across his neck. He also stank. A Centaur was lying next to him, nursing both arms in a sling while a Lizardgirl moaned as a healing potion was being poured over her. A dark-skinned man was sitting against a wall as a [Healer] held up some fingers.
“We need to get through.”
“Take a side street, then. We can’t move the injured.”
The [Healer] snapped at the Dullahan. He hesitated, then nodded.
“Acceptable. But let us cast one spell. [Geomancer], forward! Seal the street.”
“Hold on. You can’t—”
The [Healer] jumped as, behind her, a wall of stone rose, neatly blocking off the street behind the wounded. The Dullahan [Commander] winced at the ferocity of the old Drake’s stare. He removed is head and bowed it slightly.
“Our apologies for the disturbance, Miss Healer. We have our orders.”
The Lizardwoman folded her arms, unimpressed.
“Get to it, then. And don’t interfere with our jobs any more, or you won’t see us when someone splits your head open.”
The Dullahan [Commander] nodded and after checking his helmet to make sure it was secured tightly, ordered his men down a side street. The [Healer] watched him go, and then waited for a minute. After that, she looked at the Minotaur, Lizardgirl, Centauress, and Human, who were all sitting up.
“Well, well, well. It looks like one of you has a brain after all.”
“More than just a brain. Brilliant idea, Luan. I knew hiring you was worth it.”
Marian got to her hooves, looking delighted. Umina was smiling fit to burst and even Venaz looked pleased. The [Healer] who’d been pretending to tend to her cleared his throat meaningfully.
“Speaking of which…”
“Of course. Here.”
Marian counted out some coins. The gold and silver vanished into the [Healer]’s palms and the Lizardman gave her a delighted bow.
“Much obliged, Miss [Strategist].”
The others crowded around for their share. One of them however looked troubled.
“Is this cheating? Our orders were—”
