6.23 D
Page 41
Wil opened his mouth. Talia grabbed gold from a pouch and tossed it at Luan.
“Done. Are you sure it’ll work?”
“Give me a few minutes. Where is he?”
“This street, as far as we can tell.”
Wil pointed. Luan nodded. The [Strategist] stared at him, searching.
“Do you have a plan?”
Luan grinned.
“I think so. I know a fact about War Walkers. My best friend knows a lot about Dullahans, you see. And I don’t fancy fighting in this final battle. Venaz, Marian, I’m coming back for my fee after this.”
“Stop Xol and I’ll double it.”
The Minotaur folded his arms. Luan shrugged. He jogged off. Wil turned back to the others. It was just a flicker of hope. But it was there. He took a deep breath.
“Here we go. Sir Kelm, ready your men.  Commander Wylint?”
“Sir?”
“No rearguard. We trust the streets to Daquin. We’re going in. Form up. Marian, Venaz, and I will all take to the front.”
He looked at the other two. Marian reared, making the Humans step back. Venaz flexed his arms and grinned fiercely.
“To victory. We’ll go in together. Three of the Professor’s finest. You two had better move fast. Or you’ll lose to me. Come! Form the ranks! Prepare the charge!”
He turned, roaring orders as if he were in command. Wil watched him go. Marian rolled her eyes. But there was a spring in her step as she followed him.
Talia turned to Wil. His sister glanced back at Venaz, and then leaned forwards. She indicated Venaz’s back.
“I like him. But he smells terrible.”
Wil laughed. And in the street, Feshi turned. Wil nodded.
“Go for it, Feshi.”
She couldn’t hear him. But she led the street forwards anyways. Wil mounted up. He knew word was spreading like wildfire. From scrying orbs. From word of mouth. And even the Wistram [Mages] were hesitating. You could feel it in the air. Didn’t you want to be part of it?
You could hear it. A roar that filled a city. A burning force as bright as the feeling in Wil’s chest when he’d seen the ships approaching from the harbor. Only, now it burned in everyone. If you had to call it something, you could call it hope, or courage, or just inspiration.
Victory. Something everyone wanted to taste once. And it came from a thousand lips, in a thousand voices in a thousand words. But they were all saying the same things. And if you listened above the roar of people filling Daquin’s streets, you could hear the Titan laughing and Tulm the Mithril finally losing his temper.
 
—-
 
A small thing, in between Wil, Venaz, and Marian leading the Terandrians in a last-ditch charge. In between the Iron Vanguard coming out in force, leaving only their last line of defense around the plaza. Struggling to cross streets filled with Daquin’s citizens, who gave the [Soldiers] the fight of a lifetime. In between that moment, there was just him.
Xol of Ingrilt. He strode forwards. He had heard the call to rally. He knew what was happening. But he was too slow. And there were too many people in the way.
The streets were filled with civilians! Xol cursed as he strode forwards, shouting to clear the way. People ran out of his path, but the War Walker had to be careful. Xol tried to move as fast despite the danger to Daquin’s citizens. He was no fool. He knew this was the endgame.
