6.24 D
Page 23
“My apologies, Seer. Xol. But I recalled something the Professor once said to me. He told me once that he’d burn down a forest to win a card game, if the stakes were high enough.”
“Ah.”
Xol exhaled softly. It was a phrase he’d expect from the Titan of Baleros.
“Then the only question is, was what the Titan sought worth the risk?”
The War Walker glanced at Tulm, looking for answers. But the Dullahan just frowned, pondering. No one spoke for a while. At last, the Seer of Steel’s voice vibrated through the room.
“TULM. UNCOVER THAT ANSWER IF YOU WILL. I WILL AWAIT YOU IN PERSON. IF THE TITAN WILL NOT ANSWER BY GAMES, THE ANSWER MUST BE FOUND ANOTHER WAY. IF THE QUESTION IS NOT FRUITLESS IN ITSELF.”
Tulm raised his head and nodded. Slowly, he fastened the head onto his shoulders and looked at the scrying orb.
“And if it is a question worth answering?”
“THEN IT IS WORTH ALMOST ANY COST. PAY IT.”
Tulm the Mithril nodded, and Xol did likewise. That was all that needed to be said. The figure in the scrying orb turned.
“XOL.”
“Seer.”
The image winked out. Tulm sat back and rubbed at one ear. Xol envied him.
“So this is a defeat for the Iron Vanguard.”
“A setback. A defeat would see far more ships burned and our officers downed, if the Professor had willed it. Xol, I thank you for your efforts. You have leave to rest. Unless you have anything else to bring before me?”
“I do, Mithril.”
Tulm glanced at Xol’s head, surprised. It was rare for the War Walker to request anything.
“Speak.”
“I request to allocate forty, no, sixty gold coins from my funds. And to request connection with the central Adventuring Guild in any major city.”
“Easy enough. I will conduct both affairs now.”
Tulm reached for the scrying orb. He spoke into it, and after a few instructions to the [Mage] controlling it, and a slight pause, an image appeared in the orb. A very nervous, very widely-smiling Lizardman appeared.
“My—my goodness! Tulm the Mithril and Xol of Ingrilt? How can Zevai’s Adventuring Guild assist my honored guests today?”
“The smallest of things.”
Xol spoke politely and carefully, aware of Tulm’s curious eyes on him. He was embarrassed to even bring it up in front of his commanding officer, but there was no time like now, in case he forgot.
“I would like to put a bounty up. On one Luan the City Runner.”
Tulm glanced at Xol. The Lizardman blinked only once, and then nodded rapidly.
“Of course, of course! Anything for the Iron Vanguard—”
“No. This is a personal bounty. Please register it as such.”
The Lizardfolk instantly scribbled a note. He was sweating; he didn’t want to make a mistake.
“Naturally. I have made the note. Um, Sir Xol, may I ask a few questions about the nature of the bounty?”
“Yes.”
“Ah. Well then. For helpfulness’ sake, may I ask if this is a lethal or nonlethal bounty?”
“Nonlethal.”
“Oh! Nonlethal, excellent, excellent. We have a wide selection of options if you have any preferences. We offer maiming, permanent disfigurement, loss of an eye, branding—that’s extra—minor humiliation, property damage, superficial beatings—”
“No permanent damage. Superficial beatings. And did you say property damage?”
“Yes, of course! We can put in a request for burned houses, financial damage, theft—I know this isn’t how other continent’s guilds do their jobs, but we aim to please, and if you have any specific items in mind…”
“He has a boat. Destroy the boat. But don’t harm him. That’s all.”
“I have made a note. And I will place the bounty up at once! Ah—”
“The Iron Vanguard will send the payment directly.”
Tulm spoke up for the first time. The Lizardman jumped.
