6.24 D
Page 2
“She’ll be fine. Stand back, I said! This isn’t serious and I got to it in the first minute. The wound looks clean; I can see blood now. Marian, you will feel—”
The [Healer]’s voice drowned out as the pain shooting through Marian’s leg was suddenly, instantly, relieved. The Centauress put down her leg instinctively and looked—the flesh was regrowing before her eyes.
“Raise that leg! Keep it up until the potion’s done!”
Marian did as the [Healer] snapped at her. Perorn looked down, and the old [Strategist]’s face was filled with relief. She glanced up at Marian and for a second the younger Centauress saw a hint of pain in Perorn’s eyes. Unconsciously, Marian glanced at Perorn’s back right leg. The damaged one. Perorn limped back a step as the [Healer] straightened, and glanced backwards.
Her eyes met Tulm’s. The Dullahan looked at her. Perorn stared back.
“Fire spells? Are you mad? They could have killed Marian or crippled her for life. That one seared her to the bone.”
“It was an error on the part of my [Mage]. He panicked and reacted instinctively.”
Tulm replied coldly. He glanced past Perorn at Umina. She was shifting in place and calling out to someone below her. The Dullahan glanced over his shoulder.
“Tunneling?”
“Mithril, I barely picked it up. I was concentrating on defensive spells and there was no sign until a minute in. The tunneling began so close to this location. I have no excuse.”
The pale [Mage] saluted. Tulm stared at him. Niers Astoragon, from his perch, surveyed the plaza, then looked down. Everyone was moving back, but several people were pushing towards him. Teura and the Wistram [Mages] were among them.
“Lord Astoragon, what—”
Teura stared at Umina. The Lizardgirl stank. She was wiggling, trying to get free of the very narrow opening in the ground. Niers ignored the Wistram [Mage]. He was looking at Tulm.
“Any objections?”
Tulm the Mithril glanced up at him. He paused for a long moment, and then shook his head.
“I concede.”
“Very well. Will you take your forces back now or stay the night? Your wounded should stay here; I will arrange transport back.”
The Dullahan removed his head and shook it.
“No need. We will send a ship the next day. Until then, I take my leave.”
“What? But—”
Teura backed up as Tulm walked past her. She was struggling to keep up, as was Marian. Niers just nodded. Tulm paused and turned his head back, although his body kept facing the other way. His head stared at Umina.
“A final question. What is the name of this student?”
“Umina Caxical. One of my advanced students.”
“I see.”
Tulm stared at Umina. She quailed. Then the Dullahan placed his head on his shoulders. He walked forwards. And his voice rolled through the plaza.
“Iron Vanguard. Return to your assigned warship. Leave the injured.”
The Dullahans and other [Soldiers] in the square belonging to the Iron Vanguard stiffened. They turned and began marching as the Midnight Shields broke formation around Niers to surround Tulm. There was no precise march or accompanying drumbeat this time; the Iron Vanguard left in disarray, slowly forming up into units as they marched back.
It was so quick! Marian stared. She still hadn’t gotten past the fact that Umina had won. Umina. By tunneling through the privy! She looked back at Umina, who was struggling, one arm free.
“Steady—steady! I’m going up, not down. Just don’t drop m—”
“Lord Astoragon, is this really the end of the game?”
Teura demanded, as if she couldn’t see Tulm and the Iron Vanguard marching away. Niers turned to her, raising an eyebrow.
