6.24 D
Page 8
“Peki, outstanding fighting Skills. Subpar choice of opponents. You lack experience against fighting opponents with high-level Skills or artifacts. You will report to my company and engage in duels against my officers.”
Marian winced. Peki only smiled.
“Yay.”
The Centauress gave her an icy smile. She turned her attention to the next student.
“Merrik.”
“Fighting maniac from Pomle—er, hi, Professor!”
The Dwarf straightened to a laugh from his fellow classmates. Perorn raised an eyebrow.
“Excellent leadership. You led your classmates and auxiliary fighters splendidly. Right up until the moment you wasted your best Skill in an early engagement.”
“Well, you see, Professor Perorn, I planned on—”
“You need experience. You’ll get that accompanying me. I plan on doing a patrol across our territories, battling monsters and [Bandits]. I expect you to learn something from the ordeal.”
“Oh, grandfathers. Not field training—”
Merrik shut up as the Centauress gave him a quelling glance. She looked at the third student.
“Feshi.”
The Gnoll smiled, baring her teeth. Perorn nodded.
“As far as ideas went, your ability to rally Daquin was exceptional. The rest of your performance was not.”
The Gnoll looked abashed.
“Hrr. Yes, Professor. I failed to use my best Skill at the end as well. I thought about it, but it would be little use with so many bodies in the way. How should I improve?”
“By learning to employ your existing Skills more effectively. To that end, you’ll be shadowing me on campaign. You’ll serve as my second. I expect you to fill that role to the best of your abilities.”
There was a gasp from the students. Feshi looked delighted and alarmed. She bowed.
“I will do my best, Professor!”
“Very good.”
The Centauress stepped back. Aggrieved, Niers cleared his throat once or twice. He looked at his students, then past them. Wistram’s [Mages], Daquin’s people, and his soldiers looked on. They were entertained, if puzzled by this moment. Now the Titan smiled and they stood straighter, expectantly.
“And so we have rewards. Or punishment. But exemplary though some performances were, and many were truly impressive, I have one student yet to call upon. Wil Kallinad. Walk forwards, lad.”
Every eye swung towards Wil. He was standing silently to the side. With some of the Humans from Terandria. Now he did walk forwards, and Marian saw his face was pale. He was…well, if Venaz was downcast, Wil looked smashed into the ground. He managed a stiff bow before Niers.
“Professor.”
“Wil.”
There was kindness in Niers’ eyes as he looked at Wil. He paused for a moment.
“You brought four warships from Kallinad’s harbors. Across the sea. And of all my students, you were the one to predict the Iron Vanguard’s arrival. You foresaw Tulm the Mithril and you challenged him.”
“Yes sir. And I failed.”
Wil looked up steadily. Niers shook his head.
“I could argue that without you, none of the students would have had a chance at victory, much less succeeded. But you are correct. You were outplayed in the end. By guile.”
He gestured at Umina, who went even paler than Wil for a moment. Niers paused.
“If you could have done something differently, what would you have done, Wil?”
Everyone waited for his response. Wil opened his mouth, gulped a few times, and then looked up. At last, he croaked hoarsely.
“I would have won, sir.”
Silence. Niers nodded.
