6.24 D
Page 15
“Don’t say it. Just—fine. Fine, okay?”
Marian reached out and grabbed her friend. She hugged Umina so tightly the Lizardgirl squeaked.
“I’m not forgiving you just yet. I’m out a lot of money thanks to you, and I have to duel a [Weapon Master] every morning now! You owe me big. So you’d better tell me a bit about what the Professor’s room is like and what he says to you. Got it?”
The Centauress let go. Umina nodded rapidly. She opened her mouth, caught herself, and decided to stop talking for a while. And that helped. So did the alcohol Marian filled up in a huge tankard. The Centauress drank down one mug, then another. In quick succession. So went the legendary Centaur tolerance for alcohol. After that, Marian looked more cheerful.
“And at least I didn’t have to wade through that sewage again. That almost makes it worth it. Was it nasty?”
“You have no idea. The last place we were in was clean compared to the one I had to have the [Nightpeople] excavate.”
Umina shuddered. Marian paused as she grabbed her plate of oats.
“It wasn’t that bad.”
“Oh yeah? How’d I get poo on my head?”
Marian thought about that. She put her plate back, no longer hungry. Umina wasn’t much either. She looked around, struck by a thought now she’d talked to Marian.
“Where’s Luan? I didn’t see him. Did he get captured?”
“Him? No. I lost track of him in the final push. He helped us out, though. And he stopped Xol! With children, no less! He’s one interesting City Runner. Want to see if we can find him?”
“He stopped Xol with—yes, let’s find him!”
Marian nodded. She led Umina through the crowd, catching her up while Umina described in brief her adventure in the septic tanks, locating the right one and waiting for her moment. In truth, Marian’s story was far more engaging; Umina’s had mostly been one of patience and trying not to throw up.
“Oh, look! There he is!”
Umina spotted Luan in the crowd. It wasn’t hard to find him either after a bit of searching; he was Human, but his skin tone made him look Chandrarian, and the Terandrians were also a bit shorter than he was. Umina waved excitedly.
“Luan!”
“It’s you two. I saw you won. Good job!”
Luan smiled as he walked over. He’d been looking around the party. Now he grinned at Umina in a satisfied way that told both [Strategists] that he had no idea how momentous Umina’s victory had been. Umina glanced at Marian.
“Thanks. I uh, well, I owe you for encouraging me. And giving me the idea, really. Where were you? Did you get captured in the end?”
“Me? No. Once everyone poured out of the apartments I decided to stay back. I’ve been looking for my boat at the harbor.”
Luan made a sour face. Umina frowned.
“Your boat? I didn’t see it.”
“Exactly. My scull’s wrecked and sunk. It wasn’t that strong to begin with, but the collision—I’ll have to take a Centaur cart all the way back to Talenqual, or rent a canoe here. I’d rather take the cart.”
Luan scowled. Marian raised one brow, slightly offended by the comparison.
“Since you’re still here, can I ask whether or not you’ve been paid?”
“I have your gold. But I haven’t seen that damn Minotaur yet. Do you know where he is?”
The [Rower] scowled. Umina looked around.
“Not me. But that’s a good point? Where is Venaz? I’d expect him to be arguing with everyone and challenging all the officer classes to a fight.”
Marian craned her neck. She shaded her eyes against the sunset’s glow.
“He looked down after the battle. Was losing really that hard on him?”
“Let’s find him. I want to apologize to him as well.”
“Don’t bother. I’m the one you owed the apology too.”
“Marian…”
