6.24 D
Page 11
The Centauress hesitated. The Titan looked seriously at her.
“I overplayed his bravery and the challenging Tulm bit, but he outmaneuvered the Iron Vanguard. They didn’t see him coming. I lost track of those damn ships.”
“You did? Really? I thought you made that up.”
“Well, I was hardly able to send scouting ships, was I? He kept them out of sight of regular vessels the entire way across the ocean. Tell me you could do better. Name me one of our best [Strategists] that could pull of a trick like that without sweating. And then tell me the reward is undeserved.”
Niers stared at Perorn. She hesitated.
“I suppose not. Even so—you know what the Kallinads will want to know, don’t you?”
“Mmf. Something political. I have something in mind. It will cause a fuss, but it shouldn’t get back to us.”
Perorn eyed Niers. His idea of a fuss was largely different from hers.
“And Umina? The gold you spent on this party? Healing potions? Was it all worth it? Not to mention—how many died?”
Niers paused. His expression grew somber.
“Seventeen deaths. Eight of ours, two civilians, six from the Iron Vanguard. One [Knight].”
“Low on the Terandrian’s side.”
“I didn’t count the horses. Twenty four of them.”
Perorn felt a twinge of pain. Horses weren’t Centaurs, but as distant kin, even if Centaurs were vastly more intelligent than horses, she felt the pain.
“What will you do about that?”
The Titan swung his legs in silence for a moment.
“Award the families double the standard pension. This wasn’t a battle. They weren’t meant to die. I’ll reach out to the Seer of Steel for his people. And I’ll have someone speak to Sir Kelm of the Order of Seasons about his [Knight].”
The two moved in silence for a minute after that. Well, Perorn walked and Niers sat. She could already see people eating, talking animatedly, clustering around a [Mage] in hopes of appearing in the scrying orb, and pairing up. The relief, the adrenaline and rush of triumph—it was almost as if this was the end of a battle. She spoke quietly to Niers.
“People always die. [Soldiers] die in camp when they quarrel with each other. Or after visiting a brothel and having their groins slowly rot off them. They die tripping while marching.”
“I know. It doesn’t change that this was my game.”
“Even so. You don’t have to—”
“We’ll pay them, Perorn.”
The Centauress dropped it. She looked at Niers. And thought. She knew her boss well. And she knew that nothing with Niers Astoragon was straightforward as it seemed, even when he looked like he was on a razor’s edge.
“You didn’t answer my question.”
He stood up and stretched. Niers absently raised a tiny whistle around his neck and blew it. The shrill sound was quite inaudible to Perorn, but she knew what was coming. She glared and reached out to grab him. He sidled down her shoulder.
“No. I didn’t. I’m going back first to Elvallian. You’ll be back at the academy tomorrow? The students will head with the convoy, but you can run back if you want to meet me there. We should plan out the student’s curriculums after this.”
The Centauress known as Fleethoof glared. She knew Niers wasn’t trying to hurt her—at least, she thought he wasn’t—but sometimes it felt like he forgot on purpose.
“I’m in no condition to run.”
Her right hind leg hurt. Now that Tulm was gone, Perorn felt her tendons protesting her every movement. Healing potions hadn’t saved her leg after it had been hamstrung; she had saved some mobility, but the pain and her own aging body made her old feats of speed a distant memory. She scowled and Niers looked up at her.
