6.24 D
Page 13
And crying. Yes. There were tears amid the laughter and congratulations. Frustration, jealousy, disappointment—the other students had done their best after all. Some had spent money, or time, or any number of things on victory. And Umina had won. She tried to slink past the first few groups, head on a swivel for Marian. But the third wave of students clustered around a food table spotted her.
“It’s Umina! Get over here!”
A Dwarf’s bass voice roared over the crowd and everyone turned. Umina froze, but Merrik appeared and tugged her over to his table. He and some of the officer students were drinking, and they greeted Umina with shouts of delight. And surprisingly, none of them seemed angry. They sounded angry, but only for a second. Kelsa merrily cursed at Umina as she and Kaelma practiced quaffing. Jekilt shook his head as he drank more sedately from a mug.
“You bastard of a Lizardgirl, you did it! Right under our noses! Hah!”
Merrik slapped Umina on the back and then wrinkled his nose.
“Phaw! You still stink! Here, take a drink and pour it over your head!”
He grabbed a mug and filled it with one hand. Umina took the mug, trying to speak, and saw a huge feathery shape appear next to her. Peki tilted her head and nodded a few times.
“Good trick. Dirty trick. I didn’t see it coming. Good job, and I hate you.”
She nodded at Umina as she dipped her beak into her drink. Umina ducked her head.
“I’m sorry—”
“Sorry? What’s there to be sorry about?”
Merrik was instantly outraged, as were several other students. Jekilt shook his head as he trotted over. He was eating some sticky balls of rice sweetened with a lovely sauce Umina knew from back home. Her stomach rumbled and Jekilt passed her a few. Umina scarfed them down. The [Captain] shook his head.
“There’s nothing to be sorry about. You won, Umina. A win’s a win. It makes all of our effort look pointless, though. Which is the lesson the Professor probably wants us to learn.”
He looked at the others. Kaelma nodded as she adjusted her head and poured the drink down for maximum, Dullahan-style quaffing effect. Umina blushed.
“I still feel bad. You were all fighting so hard, and I used you as a distraction. Especially Wil. I couldn’t have done it without him occupying the Iron Vanguard.”
Merrik grinned.
“Hear that? She couldn’t have done it without us occupying all of the Iron Vanguard’s [Mages]! Which means—eh—wait—so no one would have won if we didn’t do our best. But since we did, Umina won. But if we’d all acted like she did—so how would we have won?”
He broke off, muttering to himself. One of the others, the Oldblood Drake with the folded wings, shrugged. She spat a small wisp of darkness out; it dissipated quick in the blood-red, evening sky.
“Probably by having a better endgame plan. Facing Tulm the Mithril in a scrum was suicide. You saw how he flattened your Minotaur with a single punch, right?”
Jekilt nodded.
“Venaz? I’ve never seen anyone do that. What was the Skill he used?”
“[The Twice-Born Warlord]. Now there’s a Skill worthy of a legend.”
Merrik sighed longingly. The others nodded. Peki frowned.
“You think he has the Skills too? Is he exactly as strong as Xol? These are the questions. I would have liked to fight him.”
“Fat chance of that now. You saw how he swanned off at once. Can’t take a defeat, that one.”
“It’s not like he’s going to stay and drink with you, Merrik. Or that he’d be that fun to hang around. I am disappointed that Xol left, though. I wanted to ask him to sign my armor!”
