6.24 D
Page 16
The two were joking as Luan looked around with a frown. He took in the tables and Umina distinctly heard a gurgle from his stomach. He pointed hesitantly to a table laden with food.
“This food’s free, right? Can I get some even if I’m not a citizen of Daquin?”
“Of course!”
Luan smiled.
“In that case—hold on. I’ll be back in a second.”
He hurried over to a table and grabbed a plate. Umina laughed. And then she saw something peculiar. Luan reached into a pocket and, after a glance around, pulled something out. Umina saw a bright glow, almost like a spell coming from a little device in his hands. The City Runner held it up and did a slow circle, before going over the buffet with it in hand.
Almost as if he was…she frowned and nudged Marian. The Centauress spotted Luan’s motions and nodded. The two trotted over as Luan filled a plate. And he put the little rectangle back in his pocket. Marian casually glanced at his laden plate and cup.
“Nice selection. What was that flash of light?”
Luan froze for a second. Then he gave her a disarming smile.
“Uh—artifact. I uh, just wanted to get a better look. So my friends back at the company could see everything. Where do you think Venaz is?”
Neither the smile nor quick topic change fooled Marian or Umina. They exchanged a look. Interesting. It could have just been any number of minor magical artifacts. But given that it was Luan…Umina’s instincts tingled.
Something to discuss. Or look into. But neither [Strategist] brought it up. Instead, Umina looked around with a frown.
“He mentioned that Armor Captain. Shailt? What was that about?”
“Oh! You missed it, Umina. We ran into an entire company right outside the apartment and Venaz was challenged by their leader. She was a Minotaur and he actually took her down!”
“An Iron Vanguard’s Armor Captain?”
“That’s what I said! He was worried about her. Something about her jaw? I don’t remember. Let’s find a [Healer]. He might be with them.”
Ironically, the [Healers] were hardest to find. Not because they didn’t have an aid station set up where those too badly hurt to be cured immediately were being treated, but because it was so hard moving from street to street.
Daquin was packed, and people who recognized Marian and Umina just had to come up and congratulate her, or tell Marian how close she’d gotten. Luan had finished one plate and was halfway through another by the time they spotted a familiar horned head talking to a [Healer].
“Venaz! There you are. Why aren’t you having fun?”
The Minotaur turned around. He still wore the uncharacteristically depressed expression he’d had earlier on. He nodded to the Lizardgirl.
“Umina. Congratulations on your victory. It was well-deserved. I need to remember that underhandedness in the future.”
They were the right words, but without any of the arrogance that normally came with it. Umina blinked up at Venaz. He noticed Luan and grimaced.
“Luan. I haven’t found my money pouch. I’d get the Merchant’s Guild to withdraw me some coin, but—”
He gestured around the chaotic streets. No Merchant’s Guild was going to be open; Umina saw a [Merchant] dancing in the street with a [Barman]. Luan folded his arms.
“Can you borrow some?”
“From another student? I suppose so. I’ll do it in a few minutes.”
The Minotaur sighed. This melancholy was so unnatural that all three, Luan, Marian, and Umina, stared at him with worry. Even Luan, who’d known Venaz all of a few hours.
“Venaz, what’s wrong?”
