6.24 D
Page 14
“Me too! And I owe him a punch for smashing me into the ground! My head’s still ringing! Hey, did you see how he took out Tefret? Poor bastard didn’t even stand a chance. And I thought he’d be the one to make it to the endgame! Let’s see if we can get it on replay. Oi! You, the [Mage] with the hat!”
Umina edged back from the group as they turned on a [Mage] trying to pour an entire keg’s worth of alcohol into a bag of holding. She was glad, really, but she had a job to do, so after raiding the food table for a very tasty rodent of some kind on a skewer, she headed out in search of the person she really needed to talk to.
It wasn’t hard to find her. Marian hadn’t gone far, and she stood out from the crowd because she was, well, a Centaur. Even in packed spaces, Centaurs got space. After a horse steps on your foot once, even by accident, you don’t let it happen twice. She was eating from a plate heaped with oats and covered in a spicy salsa that the Centauress liked. Even though it gave her indigestion.
She was talking with another Centaur, a student from another class. Umina edged over. She knew Marian saw her, but the Centaur [Strategist] didn’t acknowledge her. Umina coughed.
“Uh, Marian. Can I have a word?”
The other Centaur glanced over and saw Umina. Marian turned her head and something about her posture might have given away her feelings; the other Centaur made himself scarce in a moment. Marian and Umina stared at each other. The Centauress chewed her food, and swallowed. She spoke shortly.
“Hi, Umina. Congratulations on winning.”
“Thank you? I mean—I wanted to say sorry.”
“What for? It was a game. You won. Congratulations.”
Marian furiously shoveled another mouthful of oats and nearly choked. She glared at Umina.
“Everyone knows all we had to do was win. You did that. Good job.”
“Marian. I really am sorry. I just—”
“Just what, Umina? Just stabbed me in the flank?”
The Lizardgirl was silent. Marian took a deep breath. She stared at Umina, and a note of hurt entered her voice.
“I thought we were a team. Wasn’t that what we said? Why did you run off?”
Umina traced the ground with one foot.
“I—I just had an idea. You know, with the [Nightwoman] we met? I wanted to see if she’d help me. I didn’t know if it would work. It was just an idea. I thought it wouldn’t work, so…”
“If you thought it wouldn’t work, why didn’t you tell me? No, don’t answer. You thought it would work, and you wanted to win.”
Marian abandoned her food entirely. She tossed her plate on a table to fold her arms. Umina protested weakly.
“I really didn’t know. And—look, I knew you and Venaz wanted to try Luan’s idea. You might have succeeded! You nearly did.”
“Except that you won.”
The two stared at each other. Marian tossed her head angrily. Umina spoke in a small voice.
“I really am sorry. I didn’t know you were that close. If I’d known…Marian, look. I have a question, alright? And I get an item from the Professor’s vaults. What if—if I gave you the question? I can ask it and tell you—”
Marian jerked as if Umina had slapped her. Her cheeks grew red.
“Don’t patronize me! If you’re going to stab me in the back, don’t give away your victory. You won. You ask the Professor a question. Don’t be like—”
She waved an arm, frustrated. Umina nodded. She looked down at her claws.
“I really am sorry, Marian.”
“Yeah, well. Sorry doesn’t change anything, does it? We were supposed to win together.”
That was true. Umina rubbed at one eye. Marian glanced at her. Looked away. Then she looked back.
“I suppose at least one of us won.”
“Marian. I’m so—”
