6.24 D
Page 6
The students looked up, confused. That wasn’t part of the game! Niers cut off Teura, who was trying to point that out. He shooed her back with one impatient hand.
“My game. My rules. Don’t interrupt, please. Now, where was I? Ah yes, Sillk. You first.”
The Lizardman walked forwards, hunched, checking his dark clothing. The [Rogue], who Marian had never seen once the game started, looked up at Niers. The Professor studied him kindly.
“I almost expected you to team up with Merrik. I’m pleased you two did not; you were most effective fighting in your strengths. I’m pleased to see you didn’t hold each other back with friendship.”
Sillk jumped. He blinked up at Niers, and then opened his mouth reflexively.
“Er, thank you, Professor.”
The response was so automatic, that some of the students laughed unconsciously. And Marian felt something ease in her stomach. For a second it felt like class and a student giving a particularly bad response. Niers laughed along with the other students and Sillk turned red. Merrik growled from the crowd.
“What do you mean, ‘thank you’? You’re getting it when this is over, Sillk!”
Niers waved a hand for silence. He went on, as, behind him, the scrying orb on his pedestal began flashing moments from the battle where Sillk had taken part.
“Very well done taking out the enemy officers. You got captured the instant the [Mages] tagged you with a locator spell, though. Any thoughts?”
“Uh—no sir. I mean, yes, sir.”
Sillk turned bright red again and went on.
“I should have gone to ground sooner than I did. I regret not doing that. I opened myself up for being tracked; I should have been just as aggressive, or even more so, but then hidden. Instead I got myself caught when I could have survived for much longer.”
Niers nodded appreciatively.
“Good answer. Well done indeed. I saw less leadership than I would have liked, but you coordinated well with Jekilt and your fellow students on the field. I’m afraid there’s not much of a reward for you, though. You’ll be eating tea leaves for the next three days.”
“Sir?”
Sillk looked blank. Niers smiled.
“I think Foliana has an opening for you in her schedule. She doesn’t have a set curriculum, but three days of shadowing her will prove instructional. Learn from her how she disappears.”
The students, who had been full of levity a moment ago, went silent. Behind Niers, Teura and the other Wistram [Mages] looked stunned. Marian felt the same way. She stared at Sillk. He was going to be taught? By Three-Color Stalker herself? She was notorious for not taking apprentices—as far as anyone knew. But this was a reward. And…
Did Niers have special training courses for [Assassins]? And if so…Sillk gulped, but he bowed.
“It would be an honor, Professor.”
Niers smiled drily.
“Say that after three days with Foliana. I have no idea what she’ll do, so I apologize in advance. Venaz.”
The Minotaur stepped forwards. Niers studied him.
“Interesting ploy with the City Runner. It would have worked if I had decided to take action against the students, but it handicapped you earlier on. I’m afraid you trusted to your battle prowess instead of considering a larger offensive.”
The Minotaur bowed his head, uncharacteristically quiet. Niers went on.
“You did well fighting through the patrols, though. And your leadership at the end took the fight to Tulm himself. I’m afraid you underestimated him, but the experience should be instructive. Venaz. Any thoughts?”
The Minotaur shook his head briefly.
“I have nothing to say, sir. I’ve embarrassed myself in front of my people.”
“Nonsense.”
