6.24 D
Page 19
“This is hardly on the same level, Professor. I’m considering inviting a [Doctor] with exceptional skill. She’s apparently renowned as the Last Light or something. You see, it would fit nicely with my proposals about a casualty-intensive battlefront that I intend to submit to Professor Astoragon…”
Marian and Umina both rolled their eyes, but Perorn’s eyebrows shot up. She glanced sharply at Luan and shifted her hooves slightly.
“The Last Light of Baleros? I heard a rumor about her. Tell me, how good is she?”
Luan frowned. He hesitated, and then nodded decisively.
“The best in the world. I think I can say that definitively.”
This time all three students made sounds of disbelief. But Perorn didn’t. She looked at Luan, and then glanced at the other students.
“One second, please.”
Umina backed up as Perorn drew Luan aside. They spoke for a moment and she saw Luan glancing at Perorn’s hindquarters. No, at her leg. Umina’s jaw dropped. Marian blinked rapidly.
“Does Professor Perorn think—”
“No way. The best healing potions didn’t save her leg.”
“But a [Doctor]—don’t they just cut off arms?”
“Sew them back on too is what I heard. Mad. I heard they were close to [Necromancers]. But the Last Light of Baleros?”
“Hmf. Luan didn’t lie. Not according to my amulet. I’d better do more research. If he’s telling the truth—”
All three broke off as Perorn exclaimed.
“Really? You’re sure about that?”
The students tried to covertly shuffle forwards. They caught the tail-end of Luan’s reply.
“I don’t know. But she could reattach a hand that’s just been severed. And I know of operations that can splice tendons together. Maybe Geneva could…”
Both Centaur and Human looked up. Venaz looked up and pretended to stare at the sky. Umina tried to whistle. Marian turned around. Perorn glared.
“I believe I was clear on the meaning of privacy. Or do I need to prepare a lesson on civility as well?”
“No Professor.”
“Sorry.”
“It’s an open street.”
Marian kicked Venaz. Perorn looked at Luan. She nodded curtly.
“Bring her here to the academy. I’ll authorize it. I’m sure Lord Astoragon will if need be as well. We’ll send a formal invitation along with the cost of travel expenses. Does this [Doctor] need any tools?”
Luan smiled. He looked excited, as well as nervous.
“She has her own set. And she has a number of tools that can help with everything from sickness to delivering babies.”
“Delivering babies? Alright, now I’ve heard it all.”
Marian was derisive. Luan protested.
“She can do it! Geneva’s capable of delivering children when there are difficulties in childbirth as well.”
Umina was skeptical.
“You say that. But childbirth, fixing bones, reattaching arms…this isn’t some fake cure-all, is it?”
She expected Luan to grow defensive. But to her surprise, the man’s expression calmed. He smiled.
“No. It’s medicine. You see, what Geneva performs is known as a Caesarian Section. Anyone can do it, but she is one of a few experts—perhaps the only one who can do it reliably. The way it works is—”
It was just as well Umina hadn’t eaten much. She listened to Luan’s description with mounting horror. A way of cutting open stomachs to remove babies inside the mother? It sounded barbaric. And yet, Luan described it with such confidence and detail that Umina was impressed, despite herself. Venaz was shaking his head after Luan was done.
“Babies, limbs, I have to see this. So does the Professor. If you’re not lying, bring her over by all means.”
“I’ll arrange it. And yes, Venaz, you’ll get credit.”
Perorn stomped her hooves briskly. She looked around.
