6.25
Page 19
“A what? And I do have access to a mirror. We can watch it—I hear it’s amazing. And you can see real [Knights], for what it’s worth. You see, they have actual specialized classes, like their [Summer Knights] or their [Knights of the Summer], I forget which one it is. They have unique abilities and…”
And Ryoka saw the game in Daquin. And she was suitably amazed, even caught with the scope of the battle. And worried. And by the time she tiptoed into the inn and fumbled her way upstairs into her bed, she was so tired she nearly forgot it had been a bad day. In fact, it even felt okay. Ryoka lay in her bed, staring up at the ceiling.
“I did it.”
She’d gotten through a day without ruining something. Wasn’t that a victory? Ryoka thought about it.
She still felt miserable. But she clung to that thought. She hadn’t made anyone else’s day worse. And that was enough. So Ryoka slept. And the next day, she felt better.
 
—-
 
“Griffin.”
Ryoka looked up as she ate some runny eggs at her table. She glanced around the swept inn, at the few righted tables, Alber eating, Fierre eating bloody soup, and then at Madain. The [Innkeeper] still looked hung over, but he had made breakfast. And he was even speaking.
“Morning, Madain. Need anything?”
“No. I—”
The big man hesitated. He glared at Ryoka, and slapped more eggs onto her plate. She eyed them.
“The damn corn was good. And the other things. Thanks. Don’t bother with it again.”
He turned and stomped off. Ryoka watched him head into the kitchen. And she smiled. It was a small victory. She looked up and saw Alber and Fierre staring at her. Ryoka waved and both went back to their food.
“What was that about? Corn?”
Fierre stared at Ryoka. The City Runner hummed as she left the inn. Alber was already outside, putting on his gloves. He’d come back with a black eye last night.
“Just something I got from a run. I think it worked. Hey, Fierre. I have a big delivery in about twenty minutes.”
“Really? I didn’t hear anything about that.”
The Vampire was instantly curious. Ryoka plucked the thin package out of her bag of holding. Fierre’s eyes locked on it.
“Who gave you that?”
“The Clairei Knight I told you about.”
The Vampire looked excited.
“Really? Then I can definitely open it. I won’t charge you more than—”
“Whoa. I’m not opening this one. I’m delivering it honestly.”
Ryoka forestalled Fierre. The girl looked disappointed.
“But if it’s an important gift—”
“He gave it to me, and apparently any City Runner would do. I think it’s ceremonial. And I want to prove I’m good for some deliveries. Especially ones with [Knights]. This is my first personally requested delivery. Ever. So I’m doing it right.”
Ryoka smiled. Fierre sighed.
“Oh, fine. I have enough work anyways. Have fun on your delivery. Where’s it to?”
“Inside the city, believe it or not. To a [Lady].”
Ryoka smiled, even as memory pricked her. Fierre frowned.
“A [Lady]? But Reizmelt doesn’t have a [Lady].”
“Well, she must be passing through.”
“But that might mean—”
Fierre glanced up sharply at Ryoka. Then she clicked her fingers.
“I have to go. I think I have clients.”
She hurried down the street. Ryoka frowned at her, and tucked the slim package into her bag of holding. She’d get to see what it was right before she delivered it, anyways. She hummed softly as she strode to the Runner’s Guild.
“Ryoka Griffin!”
Todel strode towards Ryoka the moment she entered. Ryoka turned and gave him a very real and cheerful smile.
“Todel. How were the swamps?”
He clasped hands.
