6.25
Page 23
The [Knight]’s cheeks flamed and she bowed hurriedly.
“Apologies, Lady Walchaís.”
She stepped back, glaring at Todel. The City Runner gulped. He looked at the others and the words spilled out of him.
“Lady Bethal Walchaís, I have a small token for you. A—a mark of esteem from one of your colleagues. I beg to offer—”
He fumbled for the object he’d put behind his back and stumbled over his words. Ryoka stepped forwards. She felt Bethal’s eyes travel to her and felt a small shock. There was power behind that cheerful gaze.
“We beg to offer you this gift. A gift given to those who earn it. So bear witness to this lowly bloom, and let all who witness it know its significance. The smallest of things.”
So saying, she lifted the item in her hands. Slowly, as one, the Runners did likewise. Lady Bethal blinked as she saw the same small item held in each hand. Some of the Runners knelt, others offered it up like a gift from an admirer. And it was a lovely sight.
Dozens of black roses, the petals stained so darkly purple as to be black on first glance, rose in the spring air. Each one was delicate, freshly-plucked. Some were enchanted, so the dew still glimmered on the petals. Others were crushed by indelicate handling, Ghalim’s fist. More than one had drawn blood from the carrier. The thorns were razor sharp. But they rose, and the Runners knelt or bowed, holding the gifts aloft.
Sir Kerrig stared. He looked from flower to flower, and slowly relaxed his hand from the battleaxe on his back. He looked at Lady Bethal.
She had gone white. And she wasn’t the only one. Welca Caveis gasped. She stared at the flowers in horror, then began to draw her sword. The [Butler] had also gone pale. He backed away, into the house. Ryoka stared at Lady Bethal’s face.
“We beg to accept—”
“Who gave you that?”
The female [Knight]’s hand closed over Ryoka’s wrist. The young woman jerked. Welca’s eyes were blazing.
“How dare you. How dare—”
“Lady Caveis! Control yourself!”
Sir Kerrig snapped. His eyes darted from Lady Bethal’s face to the uncomprehending Runners. He pulled Welca back and she let go of Ryoka’s wrist.
“Lady Walchaís.”
Ryoka was afraid. She looked at Bethal’s face. The woman’s eyes were locked on the black rose Ryoka held. A thorn pressed into Ryoka’s skin, cutting into her flesh. She tried to shift her grip and cut herself. Red blood dripped down the stem.
“This is a gift? To me?”
Bethal looked from flower to flower. The Runners stared up at her. Sir Kerrig glanced at Welca.
“What does it mean?”
“It’s a message. A flower code. One of the symbols used by Izril’s nobility. But—”
Welca broke off. She was trembling. Melodie looked uneasily at her face.
“We—we don’t know what it means. Lady Walchaís, we were hired to give you this. We didn’t know it would be all of us. We swear—”
“Who?”
Bethal’s voice was quiet. She looked at Melodie. The young woman froze, her eyes wide. She’d stopped breathing.
“Who?”
“The Order of Clairei Fields sends this one.”
The gaze swept to Ryoka. The City Runner felt her heart freeze in her chest. Todel stuttered behind her.
“Lord Erill sends this one, Lady—”
He too froze. Lady Bethal looked from him to Ryoka.
“Who else?”
Melodie gasped.
“Lady Ieka’s. This comes from—”
She trailed off. But more Runners spoke up, their voices mingling together.
“Lord Sandic.”
“Lady Danica and her husband, Lord Vite.”
“The House of Averin.”
“The Indivu Estates.”
“Lord Pellmia.”
“Sir Ashca.”
“The Houses of Wekle, Kelid, and…”
