6.25
Page 20
“As nasty as ever. But I earned my coin! I owe you one. And after this, I can buy you at least a round! Fancy a drink later today?”
“It’s not even morning.”
Ryoka glanced out the window. Todel chortled.
“A few drinks won’t kill you. Or a day off, Wind Runner! Listen, it’s all on me. I just got my first personal delivery and I’m ready to hit the city after I finish it!”
“What, really? Congratulations!”
“Thank you!”
“I got my first delivery as well. I met a [Knight] on the road and he offered me one.”
“What?”
Todel looked delighted. He slapped Ryoka on the back.
“Now that’s luck. Me, I think I was the only City Runner around when whomever it was made the request. That, or my run to Blaiseford really impressed someone. Either way—when’s your delivery?”
“Very soon. You?”
“Soon. But I’m not worried. It’s simple. Let’s have a seat. I’m so nervous—but I got the package tested and it’s straightforward. Some kind of lover’s token, I think. It’s—”
Ryoka held up a cautioning hand as they took a seat.
“Steady. I don’t want to know and you need to keep it a secret.”
Todel looked abashed. He ran a hand through his hair.
“Right, right. Sorry. I’m just so—Melodie! Come over!”
Another City Runner that Ryoka had been introduced to recently had just jogged through the doors. She made beeline straight for Alime’ desk.
“In a moment, Todel! I need to get my delivery. Is it here, Alime?”
“Right here, Melodie. Congratulations.”
“Thank you!”
The girl trotted over towards Ryoka and Todel. She had wild green hair and olive skin. It was apparently all-natural and the girl was always leaping from spot to spot. She had a jumping Skill that could let her reach the roof of a house with the right run up. She beamed at Todel and Ryoka.
“The Wind Runner! And Todel.”
“You’ll have to come up with a name for me soon, Melodie. Fancy a drink?”
Todel rubbed his hands together as he grinned at both of them. Melodie smiled.
“A bit early, isn’t it? But I’m up for it! And I’ll buy you a round.”
“No, no, it’s on me. I’ve got great news!”
“So do I. Guess what just happened last—”
The doors burst open. A Street Runner that Ryoka knew, a Dullahan of all people, burst into the guild, fastening on his head.
“I’m here! I’m here! I’m not late, am I?”
“Ghalim! What’s—”
Todel’s voice was drowned out by more Runners pouring into the guild. Six City Runners, eight Street Runners, and two other Runners that Ryoka didn’t recognize were hot on the heels of the Dullahan. They came in all at once and swarmed around Alime’s desk, shouting for their packages. Ryoka stared.
“One at a time! I have your packages! One at a time! Line up!”
The [Receptionist] had to shout until the Runners formed a rushed line. She began passing out packages. And Ryoka saw they were all the same size, more or less. The wrappings varied, and some looked…opened. But each Runner took theirs and checked it hurriedly. Some clearly knew what was inside.
“Todel. Miss Ryoka. Melodie. Good to see you all.”
Ghalim approached them, looking pleased as he tucked his package into his armor. Ryoka stared at it. The Dullahan looked smug as he glanced at the three City Runners. He was quick, but he’d been demoted to Street Runner twice for tardiness, Ryoka gathered. Normally he seemed troubled by it, but today he was positively bursting in his armor.
“You’re here early, Ghalim? Have a job already?”
“As a matter of fact, someone asked for me. Me. I’m about to do a personal delivery. How’s that for a morning, eh?”
The Dullahan puffed out his chest. Melodie and Todel looked astonished. Ryoka narrowed her eyes.
