6.25
Page 15
Lupp laughed.
“The good ones are like that. Although, I knew a devil of an [Innkeeper]. Hated everyone’s guts, but the man brewed the best ale I’ve ever tasted. Hung himself in the center of his inn one day. Used a keg of his latest batch of ale as a stepstool. Took himself out right in the center of the room so you’d see him as you walked in, just like that.”
“Yikes.”
“We found him the next day. Big stink it was, people thinking he was murdered. Turns out he wasn’t. Big stink. But you know what we did in the end?”
Ryoka didn’t have to think. She looked at Lupp.
“You drank the ale.”
“Of course. Were we going to let it go to waste? Best ale I ever had, too.”
He laughed, and Ryoka laughed with him. It wasn’t funny. It was just…funny. The two just sat and talked, as if they had known each other for years. At last, Ryoka stood up, embarrassed.
“I have to get running or I won’t get back before nightfall. Thanks. I didn’t mean to keep you.”
“From what? The corn will keep. And I enjoyed that. Here. Before you go, take some corn with you.”
Ryoka blinked as Lupp walked with her down to the field. He plucked eight ears off and handed them to her. She piled them into her bag of holding.
“You’re sure? These are so good—”
“Go on. Have a few. And boil them or crisp them up when you eat them. Call it a gift from one kindred soul to another. Your tip.”
Abashed, Ryoka ducked her head.
“Thank you. Oh—do you have anything you’d like to send to your daughter? I’ll be going back to Reizmelt. I could bring her some corn.”
Lupp drew in her breath.
“I don’t usually send by way of the Runner’s Guild. How much would it cost? Money’s tight—”
“Free of charge.”
“I can’t do that.”
“Give me four more ears, then. That’s worth silver to me.”
“Not gold?”
The [Farmer] looked pleased, mock upset, and grateful all at once. He cleared his throat a few times.
“I’d—I’d like that. You can get it to Kamine? Really? Could—could you bring her some milk? It shouldn’t spoil too fast, but—”
Ryoka grinned. She turned to face Lupp.
“Sir [Farmer], I’m the Wind Runner. If you want to bake her a pie, I’ll get it to her before it’s cool. Free of charge. Just dare me.”
Lupp blinked at Ryoka. And then he laughed and slapped her on the shoulder. She waited while he milked his cow, found a jug to hold the milk in, and listened to his message. She left the farm as the wind blew. And it did blow, a mighty gust that made the corn bend and rustle in the field. Lupp watched her go.
“Wind Runner?”
He stood on his farm and watched the girl go. And whatever day he might have had before this moment, it was better now. For him. And for her.
 
—-
 
Back she ran. Well, forwards and back. Ryoka completed the rest of her deliveries and ran faster than before. Not a sprint, but the wind was at her back. And each time she stopped or met someone on the road, she spoke for a little bit. If the client wanted it. If they weren’t busy.
Sometimes it was a remark on the weather. Other times it was a comment on the place, or just a greeting. And often, it was responded to with a curt reply, or a nonanswer that went nowhere. But sometimes, twice, her conversation turned into something longer.
The second time occurred on her way back to the city. Ryoka was running down a dirt road, fast. She was headed north, and she passed by a wagon, startling a group of children dozily riding with their parents. They laughed and clapped as Ryoka blew past.
“Wind Runner, Wind Runner! Make a tornado!”
