6.25
Page 4
“You didn’t get any sleep at all, did you?”
“Some. Like I said, it was a bad night. Not just because of Madain.”
Fierre nodded.
“Was that the first time you’ve seen that?”
“Hm? No. I saw it once before. He does that every other week, then?”
Fierre cast her gaze upwards towards the brim of her hat. She tugged it a bit lower with a cloth-wrapped hand. The sun’s rays were yet weak, but they still felt unpleasant on her skin.
“Nearabouts. Sometimes he has a dry spell, but he always has a fit like this at least once a month. He’ll go around smashing things, fighting with his friends—if they haven’t left already by that point—and cursing until he passes out.”
Ryoka frowned. She shifted her feet, stepping lightly on the cold paving stones in the morning. Fierre glanced about the street; she saw a woman fifteen feet away, rubbing her fingers together and blowing on them with the spring chill. Fierre could see a little embroidered flower on the gloves the woman took out as clear as if she were standing right next to the woman.
Ryoka groaned as someone threw open their shutters above them. Both Fierre and Ryoka stepped back fast; the chamber pot emptied over the side and Ryoka cursed up at the window.
“Use the toilet! That’s why you have sewers!”
The man in the window stared down. About to hurl down an insult, he paused when he recognized Ryoka.
“Up yours, Wind Runner!”
“Don’t make me blow that in your face!”
Ryoka glared. The man snorted, realized she was serious, and closed his windows hurriedly. Ryoka sighed. She skirted the splash on the road as Fierre hurried around her. The Vampire wished Ryoka had made good on her threat; she could smell blood in the piss and stool very clearly. Being hungry and disgusted wasn’t a fun feeling.
“And his neighbors don’t stop him?”
“What?”
Fierre glanced at Ryoka and then remembered their conversation. The Vampire opened her mouth, realized her canines were showing, began to cover her mouth, and then relaxed. She gave Ryoka a toothy grin instead and saw the young woman’s eyes lock onto her teeth.
“How? They complain of course, but the City Watch isn’t interested in trying to stop him. Sometimes they slap a fine on Madain, but he’s generally ignored.”
“Poor neighbors. Well, I know how he feels.”
“Who? Madain? Turn left here. There’s a [Baker] down this street.”
“Good choice. Does she do anything with vegetables? I need something green after eating another meat stew. I know you’re fine, but I need plants.”
Fierre grinned again, then covered her mouth when she noticed a [Laborer] exiting his house, his jerkin twisted.
“She does a very nice spinach-and-cheese puffed pasty. And I eat plenty of green things, thanks.”
“Frogs?”
Ryoka grunted as Fierre leaned over and shoved her lightly. The push was light, but Fierre had used her full strength, so Ryoka skipped a few steps before she caught her balance. She looked over at Fierre with raised eyebrows. The Vampire smiled, a thrill rushing through her stomach.
“Don’t insult me. I told you once.”
“So noted. Sorry. I am in a bad mood. It’s one of those days, you know?”
Fierre eyed Ryoka. She didn’t know. Moreover, she’d expected Ryoka to bite back as it were. Embarrassed now, she pointed.
“This is the shop. Miss Helma?”
The [Baker] had an open front to her shop, a window and a counter from which delicious aromas wafted forth. Ryoka eyed a basket of breads and instantly dug for her purse. Helma, whom Fierre knew from her [Laborer] job, came to the window at once.
“Fierre? And who’s your friend?”
