6.25
Page 13
Ryoka nodded. She handed the small, carefully wrapped little package to Lupp. The old man took it and Ryoka saw his wrinkles return. The laugh lines deepened, and his face sagged. For a moment.
“Ah. She’s good about sending packages on the regular. Every month at least.”
He looked happy to have it. But also sad. He hesitated, glanced at Ryoka, and opened it up. Ryoka blinked. The package had been small, hand-sized. It was, in fact, a whittler’s knife, a small knife with a short blade. It had a bit of cork protecting the head from cutting through the wrapping. Lupp looked at it.
“Nice bit of steel. I wrote to her that my old knife’d grown too dull. Hope she didn’t spend too much on it. This—looks good. Level 20 [Blacksmith], at least.”
He ran his hand down the whorled wood handle. Ryoka saw him stare at the handle, and then glance, just once, back at the farmhouse. She wondered what had happened to Kamine’s mother. And she knew she would never, ever ask.
Lupp cleared his throat after a second.
“I have a seal. Let me find it.”
He trudged back up to the farmhouse. And he held the whittler’s knife very carefully as he went in. Ryoka waited for a few minutes this time, before Lupp came back out.
“Sorry, sorry. I kept the place more organized when my wife was…around.”
He held out a dusty seal to Ryoka. One that identified his location as Nonsfru, the equivalent of a stamp. Only, Runners received them. Ryoka took the wooden token and tucked it into her belt.
“Thank you, sir.”
“I wish I could give you a tip. I would, but—”
For the first time in the conversation, anxiety stole over Lupp’s face. He flushed and Ryoka instantly held up a hand.
“No need for a tip, really. This isn’t a hard run. And the corn was good enough for any tip.”
“Still, you came all this way—”
“On a circuit. You weren’t the only delivery, believe me. And I’m not in a hurry. Today’s an off-day, for me.”
Lupp relaxed a bit as Ryoka gave him a reassuring smile.
“Eighteen miles is an off-day?”
“For me, it is. But I’m not working hard.”
“Oh. Injury? Or just tired?”
He peered at her bare feet and then stared for the first time.
“What’s happened to your shoes, girl?”
“I run barefoot.”
“You’ll step on a nail! Or have them torn up by rocks.”
“My feet are tough. And if you’ve got nails lying around, I’d watch your feet, boots or not.”
Lupp blinked, and then he conceded with another laugh. He shook his head.
“Eighteen miles. So what’s kept you from your real running, if you don’t mind me asking?”
He glanced at Ryoka. And she hesitated.
Here was the point where she could give him an easy reply, like she was tired, or resting, or even mention the Pithfire Hound’s rescue as an excuse. Anything would work; some answers would prolong the conversation. But only one was the wrong answer as she knew it. But that answer was the most honest. So she gave it, with a shrug. Something about Lupp made her want to be straight with him. And she so seldom was. So she was honest.
“It’s just a bad day. You know? I woke up on the wrong side of the bed. And I guess it’s following me around. My [Innkeeper] had the same moment. Last night he was tearing up the common room. Me? I just wanted to roll under my bed and stay there. You ever have days like that?”
She waited, her heart beating a touch faster. Fierre had just given her a blank look. But Lupp didn’t. The man blinked at her. And then he glanced around.
“Days when you wake up and the shadows are long? When there’s crows in the fields, but you can’t find the heart to chase them? I know those days.”
