6.25
Page 21
“A personal request? Congratulations, Ghalim! Ryoka and I just got ours. Is this some kind of luck or what?”
“Actually, I just got a personal delivery too, Todel. My second one.”
Melodie spoke up. Todel turned to her.
“What? But that’s—”
“Did someone say a personal request? I just got one!”
“Me too!”
The other Runners looked around. Ryoka leaned back as they crowded around the table. And she started counting. More Runners were coming into the room. And they all wanted the same thing from Alime. No—three didn’t want anything from her, but they looked like they had their packages already.
“Hold on. Hold on. Does everyone here have a personal delivery they’re doing today?”
Todel had to shout. The Runner’s Guild went quiet. Nearly every Runner in the room raised their hands and nodded. The partly-Dwarvish runner looked astonished.
“Is there some kind of huge event we don’t know about?”
“No clue. But I’m being paid well to do my delivery. Speaking of which, it’s nearly time!”
Ghalim pointed at the position of the sun in the sky. A number of other Runners nodded. Ryoka got to her feet. It was indeed time. But suddenly she didn’t feel so good. She looked around.
“Anyone else going on their delivery? Want to run together?”
The other Runners looked at her and nodded. Ryoka glanced at Alime. The [Receptionist] had noticed what Ryoka had. She met the Runner’s gaze, but didn’t stop Ryoka as the young woman jogged outside. And the other Runners followed her.
“I’m not going with you far. It’s just a short trip for me. Good thing too, or I’d be holding you back, eh, Griffin?”
Todel joked as he ran alongside Ryoka. She didn’t immediately reply. She headed down the main street and the others followed her. City Runners. Street Runners. They laughed. Melodie ran faster, next to Ryoka, grinning as the wind blew her hair from behind.
“Thanks for the wind, Ryoka! But we’re going to split at—”
She faltered as Ryoka turned right, off the main street. The other Runners blinked, but some whooped. They poured down the street, surprising the early-morning pedestrians who stared at the cavalcade of Runners as they followed Ryoka. The girl ran straight. And then she turned left, off this street. The crowd turned with her. And, suddenly, there was a lot less laughter.
“I’m going down this street. You?”
Todel looked at Ryoka. She nodded tightly. The precious package the Clairei Knight had given her was in her hand now. And she saw some of the other Runners taking theirs out.
“Down this street. And then—”
“Left.”
The Runners turned as one. They looked at each other and their steps slowed. There was only one street they could all be going to now. Gladwell’s Walk, one of the richest districts in Reizmelt. They looked at each other.
“Everyone?”
Melodie looked around disbelievingly. Ryoka just nodded. She tugged off the wrapping of her package, pulled away the delicate paper that had been secured with string. Todel’s eyes widened.
“But that’s—”
Silently, Ryoka looked around. The other Runners of Reizmelt stared at her. She saw the copy of her item in their hands, held delicately to avoid injuring the runners. Ghalim, whose hands were armor, stared at Ryoka.
“Is—is this a joke? But I was paid well. They asked for me by name.”
“Me too. I have a message to deliver.”
“And I—what do we do?”
Todel looked at Ryoka. She glanced at him and the others. They stared at her, the Wind Runner, as if she had the answer. Calmly, belying the tremor in her heart, Ryoka pointed.
“We do our job. Follow me.”
