6.26
Page 21
“That’s her.”
“That’s the City Runner! Get her!”
The [Assassin]’s voice cracked with fury. The [Mercenaries] mounted up in an instant. Three were on horseback, four on foot. Two [Mages]. Just like the Pithfire Hounds. Levi held up a hand as his team tensed.
“Wait for it—”
The three [Mercenaries] on horseback came down the slope with shouts. One had a bow. Levil began to swing his hand down. Then he saw the figure racing out of Reizmelt’s gates disappear. Something billowed up around her. Levil stared as the [Mercenaries] pulled up their horses uncertainly. Tally blinked.
“Sand?”
It was sand. Dirt and sand, being picked up from the road. From Ryoka’s bag. It blew upwards. And Levil saw a familiar shape emerge.
A billowing dust cloud, a hundred paces high blew across the road. It raced across the earth, a vortex of sand and dust and debris. It whirled, a miniature twister. Just like the one that had saved his team. But as the [Fire Mage] watched, he noticed one key difference.
“She’s in it.”
The whirlwind blew down the road. But the City Runner did not emerge from it, or run behind it. She was in the vortex. And the [Mercenaries] on horseback drew up, reluctant to even go near the dust.
“It’s just sand! Get in there! Kill the Runner!”
The [Assassin] bellowed, losing his cool. The [Mercenary Captain] shook his head. he pointed a staff towards the whirlwind.
“We’ll never catch her with horses. They’ll go blind a hundred paces out. Net spells. I’ll throw a fireball straight down the tornado. You, adventurers, help us—”
“Now.”
Levil turned. He pointed a wand left and spoke a word.
“[Fireball].”
The [Mercenary Captain]’s eyes widened in horror. He raised his staff, but it was too late. The bloom of fire blasted towards Levil and he felt the rush of heat. Makki raced forwards, barking, and the three [Mercenaries] on horseback turned.
“Pithfire Hounds, forwards! Take them out!”
Keima, Lamont, and Ullica charged. The [Assassin] leapt out of the ashes, cursing. He raised a trembling shortsword.
“You dirty adv—”
Tally’s arrow sprouted from his stomach. He grabbed the arrow and Levil blasted him with fire. The [Assassin] fell backwards and Levil turned. The dust cloud was racing west. He saluted it, then joined his team.
“Part favor repaid. But mostly profit. Good luck, Wind Runner.”
The Pithfire Hounds closed on the remaining [Mercenaries]. And the wind blew west. At her desk, Alime, the [Receptionist] stared at the cloud over the roofs of the city. She could see it, even through the window. Shakily, she looked around. Then she snapped at one of the other [Receptionists] on duty.
“Time it. Ryoka Griffin, the Wind Runner, left Reizmelt at half past noon. Tell the Adventurer’s Guild in Walta to time her arrival. This run’s going to define her. Tell them to expect her. And tell them—here comes Reizmelt’s Wind Runner.”
 
—-
 
It wasn’t a simple run. And it wasn’t quick, either. And each step was blowing wind. As the dust picked up, Ryoka ran through a cloud of sand and grit. She could see ahead of her—barely ten feet. So she followed the road. She followed her instincts. And the whirling dust around her cleared and shifted as the first minute became an hour.
Her lungs burned. Her arms pumped. And Ryoka ran. She didn’t pace herself. She didn’t slow down. She just kept the same, furious pace she’d started with. As if she could keep it up forever. And for the first hour, she could. The blowing wind, the urgency of her task, Lady Bethal’s daring, it kept her going.
