6.26
Page 14
“I am sorry for disturbing your farm, Mister Lupp. But I keep my word. And if nothing else, your corn was the best I ever tasted. And my word is on that.”
She smiled. And Lupp managed one of his own.
“That’s all I wanted to hear, Bethal.”
She laughed in delight. And then she dug in her belt pouch.
“Fields of gold indeed. Well, let’s call this an advance. I expect to earn it back. So you can take this—”
Lupp glanced down. His eyes went round. He stared at the small pile of gold winking up at him. Actual gold, not corn. He looked at Bethal.
“—and you can use it to hire someone to help you if need be. Or at least hunt down those wretched crows. And if you were to expand your field, I could—Mister Lupp? Mister Lupp?”
The [Farmer] quietly, and without a word toppled over. Thomast caught him before he hit the ground. He checked Lupp’s breathing, and then stared at his wife. Bethal had the grace to blush.
 
—-
 
The pair of [Knights] in pink armor who galloped into Lupp’s farm found Bethal offering the man a stamina potion as he sat weakly on his porch. They galloped up the incline, weapons drawn, scanning for enemies. Lupp stared at the two [Knights] in their pink, pink armor and nearly fainted again. Bethal scowled at Sir Kerrig and Lady Welca.
“Enough of that! Can’t you see you’re scaring [Farmer] Lupp? Have the decency to show some decorum. The [Assassins] are long gone regardless.”
Lupp stared as the two sheepish [Knights] dismounted. Sir Kerrig immediately knelt.
“Lady Walchaís, I regret not being here myself—”
“Thomast was. And Mister Lupp. They were quite enough and I raced off. You did your job. Stop apologizing and help Thomast get rid of the bodies.”
Bethal ushered the two [Knights] towards the road. Lupp stared at the pair as he sat back.
“They—they’re pink.”
“I thought it was an underused color in [Knight] heraldry. Those are my Knights of the Petal. I have very few of them compared to some [Knight] orders, but I am pleased to say they fall behind few on Izril.”
Bethal informed the [Farmer] pleasantly. He stared at her. Then he went back to staring at his corn. He tried to focus on his field and ignore the [Knights] digging some shallow graves with the [Chevalier] across the road.
“Lady Bethal?”
A quiet voice eventually made both Bethal and Mister Lupp look up. A somewhat dirty young woman in pink armor bowed to Lady Bethal. The [Lady] stood up.
“Welca. Did you find out who sent the roses?”
Welca looked nervous and unhappy.
“Yes, milady. They all came from their senders. The Guild confirmed it. One of the Runners was even approached by a [Knight] on the road. All of them are genuine.”
Bethal’s smile faded a bit. Her eyes flashed as she recalled the very reason she’d come out this far.
“I see. In that case, I think some action is appropriate, don’t you?”
She caught the look in Welca’s eye and sighed.
“No beheadings. Thomast was very clear on that. And I have to agree. I splendidly walked into one trap.”
She indicated the road, now clear of bodies. Thomast and Sir Kerrig trotted up the slope and the impromptu war council was joined in front of Farmer Lupp’s porch. No one wanted more corn; the grave dirt somewhat cut down on Kerrig and Welca’s appetite.
“So, they are genuine. I knew it. And I told you, Thomast.”
“You did. But you needed to be calm to hear it, Bethal.”
Thomast calmly sat next to his wife. Bethal sighed, vexed.
“I suppose so. But it doesn’t change my feelings. They will pay. An insult must be repaid, whether to a [Lady] or [Farmer]. Don’t you agree, Mister Lupp?”
“I—I—ergh.”
