6.26
Page 2
Bethal stared up at her husband. He nodded.
“Then I agree. Let me go.”
“Promise.”
“I promise.”
He sighed.
“Promise me on our wedding vows.”
Bethal’s cheeks flamed. She turned her head; the [Butler] was running back with a wood chopping axe. He came to a halt, panting madly.
“You don’t trust me?”
“I trust you implicitly. Your word, not one bit. Swear to me on our wedding vows, or on House Walchaís’ name.”
Bethal glared at her husband.
“And if I don’t want to swear? I can stand like this all day, you know.”
She kicked her husband, disproving her statement instantly. Thomast didn’t move. He bent his head.
“Bethal.”
“I won’t. Choose something else, Thomast.”
Another kick. He nodded slowly.
“Then swear it by the Sacrifice of Roses. By their honor, an hour’s time. Or you will do disgrace to their honor.”
Lady Bethal went white. Her hands trembled in Thomast’s grip. She spoke slowly, and so quietly and deliberately, Ryoka instantly looked up in alarm.
“I swear. Will that do?”
Thomast nodded silently. Ryoka opened her mouth to tell the man not to let go of Bethal for any reason, but it was too late. The fool let go of Bethal. Instantly, she raised a hand and slapped Thomast across the face.
Crack. The audience on the street winced and Thomast’s head turned slightly with the blow. He didn’t move, though. He looked down at Bethal.
“An hour, Bethal. And a walk. Or at least come inside. This isn’t the right spot.”
He gestured towards the mansion. The [Butler] backed off with the axe as Lady Bethal turned her head. She was breathing hard. She raised a hand again, glared at Thomast, and then whirled.
“Fine.”
She strode into the house without a second word. Ryoka was impressed; Thomast didn’t even rub his cheek as he turned to the [Knight] on his right. The man bowed to him slightly.
“Sir Thomast, I regret my inaction.”
The man shrugged slightly. He touched the handprint on his cheek ruefully. So he had felt that.
“She is your [Lady]. And my wife. Nevertheless. I understand the black roses. I take it these Runners delivered them?”
He glanced at the Runners outside the gates. Sir Kerrig nodded slowly. The shorter, young woman also dressed in pink armor glared at Ryoka and the others. Her hand tightened on a longsword at her side.
“Sir Thomast, your orders?”
“I’ll attend to Bethal. In the meantime, Sir Kerrig, take Lady Welca and conduct an investigation of Reizmelt’s Runner’s Guild. Ensure that these flowers were indeed sent by those named. I’ll try to persuade Bethal to wait until—”
Ryoka heard a clatter of hooves and turned left just in time to see Lady Bethal riding around the side of the mansion. She was mounted on a speckled, pale grey and white mare, already saddled. Thomast looked up at her. Bethal stared down at him innocently.
“A walk, Bethal.”
“I only promised to wait an hour. And I’ll be having my walk on my own, Thomast. My [Knights] are free to accompany me.”
“Lady Walchaís, wait!”
Sir Kerrig and Welca instantly turned towards the stables. Bethal ignored them and began to trot off. Thomast made an exasperated sound for the first time. He turned to Sir Kerrig.
“The Runners. I’ll follow her.”
“You will not!”
Bethal glared. But Thomast had already disappeared. One, two, three—each step carried him twice as far as a normal man’s stride! He was around the side of a house in a second. Ryoka blinked. That was quick! And in a moment he was on horseback and riding at Bethal.
“Bethal—”
“I don’t want to hear it!”
