6.26
Page 12
“Maybe it’s Reizmelt. The area is flatland and the soil is good. Farms were common. And Blaiseford has very rich soil thanks to the swamps. Even so. Mister Lupp, if you took your harvest into Reizmelt, you could and should charge two copper coins per ear of corn. For this quality, people might pay three. And if you put this before a [Lord] who had the appetite for corn—and many do enjoy it—you could sell an ear of corn for a silver coin apiece.”
Lupp choked on his own spit. Bethal patted him on the back. When the man had his voice back, he spluttered.
“I’d never have the—the stones to do that, Miss Bethal! Never. I don’t even go down to the village most weeks. Having to go to a city and charge prices like that—”
His stomach churned at the thought. Bethal nodded.
“Which is why the stomachs of the good folk of Nonsfru have profited immensely. As have any [Traders] who come by your farm. But you could be earning more, Mister Lupp.”
“I don’t need that much coin, Lady Bethal.”
“No. You don’t. But you might. If you fall sick. If you’d like to hire someone to help you harvest the crops. Or, perhaps, if you simply wanted to hire a [Hunter] to eradicate your crows.”
Bethal waved a hand at the fields. Sure enough, Lupp saw a flock circling. He cursed, but he was out of costume. Thomast glanced up and unsheathed his rapier. He thrust once, and after a second, a crow fell out of the sky in two pieces. The rest of the flock flew away. Lupp gaped at the man. Bethal smiled.
“Mister Lupp, you may not have much interest in a profit. But that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t avoid turning one. What if when you harvested this field, you agreed to sell your very delightful corn to me?”
“You, Lady Bethal? But would it be too much? Even supposing you fed your entire household…I suppose there might be hundreds in your service, come to think of it.”
Lupp eyed Bethal. She flashed him another smile.
“There are indeed. But I think I’d only keep some. The rest I’d put in storage and offer to a [Merchant] who caters to [Chefs] and other experts of cooking and good taste. I think I could get a silver piece for the corn. If not an entire piece, then certainly at least seven copper coins per ear or something equally pleasing. This is the best corn I have ever had. Would you let me take care of that?”
The [Farmer] stared at Bethal. He expected her to laugh, or tell him it was a joke, but she looked serious. Worse, she was holding a hand out.
“One harvest, Mister Lupp. And we can negotiate how much I take. But even if it I took half, which I would not, you would be ahead…”
She broke off as Thomast put a hand on her shoulder. The [Chevalier] glanced at Lupp and shook his head.
“You’re disturbing him, Bethal.”
“Am I?”
Bethal blinked. Then she saw how pale Lupp had gotten. She stood up abruptly.
“Why?”
Lupp made a strangled sound.
“Why? Miss, no, [Lady]. It’s one thing for me to chase off a few [Assassins]. But you can walk into my farm and tell me I could earn twice, three times what I’ve ever earned? And you want me to sell to you? A [Lady]? Just like that?”
He stared up at Bethal. She looked uncomprehendingly at Thomast.
“Of course. Why would that be an issue?”
“Life isn’t that simple, Miss. Good fortune doesn’t just ride down like that.”
Lupp informed Bethal with all the authority he could muster. Bethal raised an eyebrow.
“In your experience, Mister Lupp?”
That silenced him. Thomast shook his head. He took Bethal’s shoulder.
“I think Mister Lupp needs a moment.”
“But Thomast—”
“Away, Bethal.”
