6.26
Page 1
Thomast studied the ground. His eyes passed over the Runners and they flinched, but Thomast had none of the fire coming off of Bethal. The [Lady] glared.
“Yes! They sent them to me. To me, Thomast. Do you see it? Do you see what they dared to do?”
“I see it.”
“Well? What are you going to do? I know what I shall do. You, [Butler]. An axe. This mansion has one, doesn’t it?”
Bethal clicked her free hand at the [Butler] hiding behind the door of the mansion. He jumped and stammered.
“An—an—”
“I rented this mansion for the week. If it does not have an axe, I will burn it to the ground. I want one in front of me. Axe. Now.”
Bethal’s voice snapped as she lost the last veneer of patience. And this time the snap in her voice was like a whip. The [Butler] jumped, then ran into the house. Ryoka felt a prickle down her spine. So that was a [Lady]’s ability to command. It was eerily similar to Magnolia’s charm Skill, only more direct. For a second Ryoka had been about to run and find an axe herself. No, this wasn’t Magnolia’s charm in fact. It was closer to Teriarch.
“Good, good. Now, I want my Knights of the Petal armed. Sir Kerrig, grab that battleaxe. Lady Welca—”
“Bethal. Wait.”
Thomast captured Bethal’s other hand as she pointed at her [Knights]. The woman halted and glared up at him.
“Are you still catching up, Thomast? I said—”
“I heard you. And I’m afraid I must object.”
“Object?”
Now Ryoka felt a prickling sensation in the air. Bethal looked up at her husband and the air around her felt like thorns. It was so real that Ryoka and Todel, who were closest to her, shifted back. Thomast, who was right next to his wife, nodded.
“You’re not thinking straight, Bethal. You can’t repay this with blood.”
“I can and will. Don’t try to talk me out of it—”
“Give me one hour. At least to prove these were sent by everyone who named themselves.”
“You want to prove it? Why? No one else would dare appropriate so many names, not even Magnolia herself! And I will question my peers when I meet them face-to-face. Politely. And if they lie…let go of my hands, Thomast.”
The thorns were growing stronger. Thomast, however, was undeterred.
“Not until you promise to wait for one hour.”
“Why? So I can cool down? I won’t. Let go of me, Thomast. I won’t warn you twice.”
Bethal tugged at Thomast’s hands. He didn’t budge.
“No. I insist, Bethal. An hour’s all I ask. We’ll go for a…walk.”
“A walk?”
She hissed at him. And suddenly, the thorns in the air around her become real. Ryoka shouted in pain and Todel howled. Both stumbled back. Ryoka stared at her legs and grabbed at the thorns that were buried there. She saw nothing—until blood started running from several holes in her legs. Long, deep cuts. Todel was clutching at his arm. The shoulder he’d turned towards Bethal was running with blood. From sharp cuts much like Ryoka’s own.
The other Runners stared at the two in horror. They drew back fast. Bethal turned to glare at them and Thomast, who hadn’t moved, sighed.
“You’re injuring them, Bethal. Pull back your aura.”
The woman glared. But the thorny feeling around her faded just a tad so the thorns were imaginary instead of simply invisible. Ryoka grabbed a potion and splashed it on Todel’s arm and then her legs. To her relief, the wounds healed at once.
“They deserve it. They sent the roses.”
Lady Bethal’s voice was still furious, but a slight tone of guilt was layered underneath. Ryoka saw Thomast’s eyes flicker as he glanced at her and Todel.
“I imagine they had no idea what they meant. Bethal, a walk.”
“You won’t let go of me until I agree?”
