6.26
Page 5
Bethal was breathing hard. Thomast fingered his mustache.
“When you cut off their heads with the axe yourself. Don’t forget the children.”
That brought her up short. Bethal turned to glare at Thomast. She opened her mouth, made a fist, and turned her head.
“Only the adults, then. Only their damned parents.”
“Of course. We can ensure the children find another home. They can grow up by themselves.”
Bethal flinched for a second. She bit her lip hard enough to draw blood. She spat it out after a moment.
“Don’t talk me out of it.”
Thomast nodded. He rode along in silence as Bethal healed her lip with a healing potion. Then she spoke up.
“Someone put them up to it. Who? I’m going to kill that person. I will.”
He waited. Bethal glanced at him. She was breathing less heavily now, and her cheeks were less flushed.
“I know what you’ll say! You’ll say this is a trap to make me attack them! Or—or to lose my temper! I am completely calm! But would you stand by while your family’s name was insulted? While you—you’re not a [Lord]. You have no idea what kind of an insult this was!”
“I do not.”
Thomast steadily met Bethal’s glare. She turned her head. Her mare accelerated as the [Lady] urged her to go faster. Thomast caught up after a second. Bethal was breathing hard once more.
“I didn’t mean that. I just meant—they died there! They died and these ungrateful leeches are accusing me of—of—”
Bethal made an inarticulate noise. She hit the saddle horn in front of her, shouting and crying. Her mare again stopped in alarm. Thomast reached over, but Bethal yanked away from him.
“I won’t forgive them! I won’t ever forgive them!”
He nodded. Bethal urged her mare forwards. He never lost her. After her outburst, she was furious. And then, a minute later, crying.
“I still dream about it, Thomast! They were there. And after that Goblin Lord—how dare they? How could they? Mother and father. I was right there. And then the Goblins were—”
She pointed a trembling finger, at spaces and at a time only she could see. Thomast waited. He listened as Bethal’s voice changed to horror. Pain. Fear. And then fury once more. He listened as she vowed fury and bloodshed.
After half an hour, she was crying again. In ten more minutes, she was raging. Furious. The horses continued down the winding trail, halting and stopping. And Thomast listened. Sometimes he spoke, but not to say much. He just waited, as Bethal’s swings between fury and grief grew less and less. He looked at his wife and saw both emotions taking their toll, tiring her.
Was it madness? Insanity, as some called it? The fragile female ego overloaded by grief and past trauma? Thomast had heard it all said, usually behind Bethal’s back. And even then, never to his face. Not anymore. Some were afraid of the last daughter of House Walchaís. But she had never been terrifying to Thomast.
She was, and had always been just Bethal. And she was weeping again, so he dismounted and offered her a hand. They had gone a long ways, and the road had become completely empty around them. They were in the proximity of a rural village, having passed around it twenty minutes back.
“Come on down. Let’s walk and give the horses a chance to rest.”
Bethal hesitated, but dismounted. She was crying now. And now Thomast let her slide down. He held her for a second.
“Thomast. Do you think they’re right?”
He looked down at her. Bethal blinked up at him, her face a mess of tears and snot. Thomast gripped her arms.
“They are wrong.”
