6.26
Page 15
“The first thing we should do is inform Magnolia. The other [Ladies] of her circle might be in danger as well.”
Thomast smoothed his mustache. Bethal sighed.
“If they were attacked, it is far too late for that. Magnolia knows by now, I’m sure.”
Lupp leaned over to Sir Kerrig and whispered.
“Is that Lady Magnolia Reinhart that Miss Bethal’s talking about? The Magnolia?”
The [Knight] nodded, watching Bethal and Thomast. Lupp had to take a walk to calm down. Bethal frowned.
“I don’t care about Magnolia’s game. Let her sort it out. If one of us is dead, there will be blood, Thomast. I’m only concerned with what I am going to do. And my estates. They should be warned.”
The [Chevalier] nodded.
“True. A [Message] spell would be swiftest.”
“Not if I want to mobilize the Knights of the Petal. They won’t answer to [Messages]. And rightly so, if this is some kind of intrigue with [Assassins]. I suppose we must hurry to Invrisil or pray there’s a Courier capable of delivering my message. Reizmelt doesn’t have a Courier, do they?”
Bethal looked hopelessly at her [Knights], both of whom shook their head. Welca raised an armored hand.
“Lady Bethal, give me leave and I will deliver the [Message] to my peers myself. I can make the ride.”
“And leave Lady Walchaís undefended a second time?”
Sir Kerrig glanced at Welca. She flushed and lowered her hand. Bethal studied Welca thoughtfully.
“I only need one [Knight]. Plus Thomast. As long as one of you shields me, Thomast can kill anyone quite easily. We could send Welca. What do you think, Thomast? Thomast?”
The [Chevalier] was studying the skies. He looked down.
“I would rather send Sir Kerrig to fulfill a task, Bethal. We can ride back ourselves. It will take an hour or two, but we won’t lose much time either way.”
“Really? What do you want Sir Kerrig to do?”
Bethal frowned. Thomast raised an eyebrow.
“Send a message himself. I’ll tell you on the road. But we should be moving if we intend to return to Walchaís lands before dark.”
“Very well. So much for a vacation.”
Bethal stood up in disgust. The two Rose Knights were already on their feet and fetching the horses. Bethal and Thomast said goodbye to Lupp as he stood by his field of corn. The [Farmer] gripped Bethal’s hand lightly, sure that this was all some sort of dream. But her smile told him it was real.
“Goodbye, Mister Lupp. I’m afraid we must fly. Tell me, do you know if Reizmelt has a Courier? Otherwise we’ll be riding west as fast as we can.”
Thomast was talking to Sir Kerrig. The [Knight] nodded and mounted up. He galloped east as Welca held the reins of Bethal’s mare. Lupp blinked at Bethal.
“Reizmelt? No Couriers there, Miss. Some pass by of course, but unless you call for one, there won’t be any.”
“A pity. I won’t wait hours when we could be back quicker ourselves. We’ll be slower. Far slower if we need to avoid any more [Assassins] on the road. It might not matter.”
Bethal sighed exasperatedly. Lupp blinked at Bethal. Then his eyes widened.
“If it’s speed you need, Miss Bethal—I do know of one City Runner who might fit.”
“Really? Are they good?”
The [Lady] raised her brows. The [Farmer] ducked his head.
“I don’t know, Miss. I’ve never seen her, except for a few seconds as she left. But they do call her the Wind Runner…”
And thus the play came full circle.
 
—-
 
Ryoka Griffin held still. Very still, to control the beating of her heart as she stood in front of Lady Bethal Walchaís. She was taller than the woman, but Lady Bethal somehow felt at equal or greater height. The woman peered at Ryoka and frowned.
