6.26
Page 10
“They were amateurs. Good ones, but rookies. Probably the first tier or rank of recruits the Assassin’s Guild calls their own. They were well-armed, though, which means they were paid in advance. And quite a bit. They wouldn’t have been a problem if Sir Kerrig or Lady Welca were here.”
Bethal’s eyes narrowed.
“But I raced off. And if you hadn’t followed me, I would be dead. So someone planned this. The roses and [Assassins].”
Lupp stared from Bethal to Thomast with open mouth. This was all far, far too momentous for him. His head was spinning and he needed a lie down. He clutched his bow to his side as he stared at Thomast’s expensive rapier, which probably could have bought and sold his farm four times over.
“Begging your pardon, miss. But who are you? And who’s your uh, husband?”
He was rewarded for his guess with another smile from Bethal.
“I am Lady Bethal, Mister Lupp. As I said. And this is Thomast. Sir Thomast, if you like. But we’re just travellers. I regret disturbing your lovely farm. You said you manage it alone? And you grow corn?”
She pointed down at the field. Lupp nodded a few times.
“That’s right. Nonsfru’s best corn. Best corn for miles, really. Not that I’m biased, mind. I’ve never tasted better. But I’d say my field’s the finest. I have all these Skills, you see. But about those [Assassins]—”
“Really? The best around? Why don’t you sell to a city, then?”
Distracted, Lupp wrinkled his nose.
“And have to cart my corn in? Or hire someone to do the selling? When my wife was around, we’d do it sometimes. But it’s hard selling corn, even the best corn. These days I don’t bother. And the village loves my corn. Why not sell it to them?”
“Fair point. I want some. I’m hungry. Thomast, do you want corn?”
“I’m sending a signal to our [Knights], Bethal. They’re riding towards us as fast as they can, but they’ll be at least thirty minutes.”
The man replied calmly as he wrote on a little scroll he’d pulled out of his bag of holding. Lupp stared at the bag of holding. Bethal got to her feet.
“Well then. I’m having some.”
She walked down the hill from the house. Absently, as if he didn’t notice what he was doing, Thomast followed her, still writing. So Lupp did too. The cow and horses came along as well for solidarity.
“What huge plants!”
Bethal exclaimed as she stared up at the corn, which towered above her. Lupp decided to explain, because corn was the only thing in this world that made sense at the moment.
“Ah, that’s because of my Skill, Miss Bethal. I can control the quality of my plants. And I choose the best seeds. I don’t grow them any higher because the damn birds love them. But I’ve seen corn tall as sixty feet.”
Bethal turned to stare at Lupp.
“You must be joking, sir.”
He grinned, taking off his scarecrow’s hat.
“No, Miss. I’ve seen it myself. And corn can grow monstrously tall, even without a Skill helping it. To be fair, once they get any taller than these, they need scaffolding to hold them up. Or a bit of wind blows them right over. But that’s just for size. My corn’s got taste too!”
“So I see. Would you mind if I took this one?”
Bethal reached up. Lupp nodded and she plucked an ear off the stalk. She blinked at the weight and size of the corn, husked it, and sniffed.
“It smells good. Thomast, do you want a bite?”
He was still writing. Bethal sighed and took a bite. Her brows raised and she began chewing. Lupp stared at her.
“How good is it?”
