6.26
Page 24
It was a seal. Custom-made. Ryoka studied it. It was a match of the seal that Bethal had shown her. The unique rose-quartz melded with the crimson wood would be very hard to forge. She nodded.
“Pretty good. Got more proof?”
“The Runner’s Guild vouches for them. Show them your proof, Miss Griffin.”
The [Receptionist] appeared in Ryoka’s view. The Runner gave up. She reached for her bag of holding and pulled something out. It was tiny and cold in her hand. It chimed softly as she held it out.
“Here’s mine.”
A silver bell. It was much worn, scratched on the side. The [Knight] peered at it close, noting two of the scratches. He nodded after a second.
“Sir Thomast’s. He would never give it up. And it’s genuine.”
“You’re sure, sir?”
“A [Fencer]’s bell. I’m sure. Pardon me, [Receptionist] Clavine. Please clear your Guild. What is your message, Miss Griffin?”
Ryoka felt people moving around her. She blinked up at Sir Nathald.
“Password. Thomast told me…Bethal says that Sir Tipel’s favorite steed is a warhorse. But a Griffin would be much more desirable if he had the courage to tame it. But Lady Walchaís has always wanted to ride—”
“A Kraken.”
Sir Nathald’s voice was amused. Ryoka nodded.
“Double authentication complete. Here’s the message. Thomast sent it. Bethal’s been sent black roses. People tried to kill her.”
Amid the gasps of the Rose Knights, Ryoka leaned forwards. She tried very, very hard not to throw up into Sir Nathald’s ear as she whispered.
“And this is what he wants you to do…”
She looked up at him. Sir Nathald’s face didn’t change one bit.
“Of course. We’ll lock down the border at once. You five, secure the estate. Eighteen will ride to escort Lady Walchaís and Sir Thomast home. The rest of you—with me.”
 
—-
 
“They’ve received Ryoka Griffin’s message and confirmed it. An escort is riding towards us now.”
Thomast announced as he checked the [Message] scroll. Bethal sighed, slightly relieved as she checked the forest road ahead of her.
“Good.”
“We need a more secure way of communicating, Bethal. Something that can’t be blocked. Or else next time the Order of the Petal might not be able to trust our communications.”
Thomast rolled up the magical scroll. Bethal smiled crookedly.
“That City Runner seemed to do the job. But I agree. In a world where we can watch what’s happening in Baleros, we still can’t trust [Message] spells. Couriers and Runners are still more reliable. I’ll ask if Magnolia has some artifact stashed away. Or else we’ll simply have more [Knights] do the delivering of messages.”
“Agreed. But for now, you and I will ride with at least an escort of six at all times.”
Thomast turned to Bethal. She sighed.
“Very well. Now will you tell me where Sir Kerrig went? If my safety is so important.”
“His task is just as important. It’s an affair of honor.”
“Which means?”
Bethal rode next to Thomast and leaned against him. He smiled.
“I simply told them to act in a manner I felt befitting. No deaths. No war. So he’s going to find the Order of Clairei Fields. I understand their representatives were still close to the city. And he’ll…”
Thomast whispered into Bethal’s ear for a moment. She blinked.
“Thomast! Him and Sir Nathald? The entire order? Really?”
Bethal shot up in her saddle, looking delighted and shocked. Thomast reached out and stroked her hair.
“I never said I wasn’t angry. And I never said you had to let it all slide.”
She looked at him and laughed. Then she reached out. He held her hand.
“Thomast? I do love you.”
“I never doubted it.”
 
—-
 
