6.26
Page 13
He firmly pulled her back. Leaving Lupp together with his thoughts. He stared at Bethal and Thomast as they walked away. The [Lady] hissed at her husband.
“I nearly had talked him into it!”
“He was about to kick us both off his farm. Or run himself.”
Thomast gently chastised Bethal. She heard the tone in his voice and glared.
“Oh? And you think leaving him to sell his wonderful corn for a pittance is fair? Isn’t that the best corn you’ve had?”
“It is good. He must either be Level 30 or have a very specialized number of Skills. Probably both. And that’s probably why he has such a small field.”
Thomast picked some corn out from his teeth. Bethal tossed her head.
“Obviously. So why stop me?”
“Because you frightened him. This isn’t like the horses, Bethal. You can’t order him to give you all the corn he produces and make him rich.”
“Richer. Hardly rich.”
“Even so. It’s terrifying for him. And how could he trust you? He may have never seen a [Lady] before in his life. And you come into his life after leaving four people dead in front of his farm and make him the best offer of his life. Isn’t that frightening?”
Bethal thought about this. She hesitated and stared towards the road.
“I see your point. But his corn is delicious. And I’ve discovered him. Why shouldn’t I make him an offer that benefits both of us? That’s what the nobility does, Thomast.”
He didn’t reply. Bethal scowled.
“Oh, we fight. And send each other black roses. But our duty is to our lands. So we spend our gold and time and even our soldiers to benefit ourselves and our people. If a [Lady] is poor, she enriches only herself. But I don’t. And what I focus on prospers. Or is House Walchaís’ famous stock of horses not proof of that?”
“You told me you spent a fortune on horses on a whim when you were younger. It took you two decades to turn it into a profit.”
“Well, it worked, didn’t it?”
Thomast sighed.
“Go slowly, Bethal.”
“I can be slow. I just think that—”
“Your ladyship?”
The couple turned. [Farmer] Lupp had approached them, hat in hands. Deferentially, he bowed. Bethal scowled.
“Stop that. Don’t bow. I told you, call me Bethal.”
He stared at her. Then he awkwardly ducked his head.
“I beg your pardon, Bethal. But if you were serious, I would take you up on your offer. It sounds like a dream, but…seven copper pieces for an ear of corn? I’d be a rich man. And even if I don’t use it, I do have my old age to think about. I’m nearly there myself. And my daughter’s a [Shoemaker]. Not high-level. But if she had the right materials and a bigger shop, she might make something big of herself. So if you’d be willing, I’d take any deal you’d offer me. I can have this corn all harvested in two days. One if need be.”
Bethal cast a triumphant glance at her husband. He looked resigned as she turned back to Lupp with a huge smile.
“No need to hurry, Mister Lupp. We have to return to Reizmelt, and then our estates, I fear. But I promise you I will send a Runner in…say, three days? And I will have a contract with the Merchant’s Guild at that time.”
“I would be greatly honored if you did that, Miss Bethal.”
Lupp ducked his head, looking relieved. Shocked, still; you could see it on his face. Bethal had happily overturned his life in a second. And both she and Thomast saw it.
A moment of regret passed between the two. Bethal’s smile faded. She looked around at the quiet farm and the bodies on the road. She stared at them, and shook her head. Then, quietly, she turned back to Lupp.
