6.26
Page 18
They swarmed her. Ryoka turned red as Bethal glanced down from horseback. The [Lady] pursed her lips and called down to Ryoka.
“The Wind Runner? The [Farmer] said the same thing. What does that mean?”
“I can call the wind, Lady Bethal. It helps me out. It’s…just a nickname.”
Ryoka coughed and shuffled her feet. The children piped up.
“She can do more than that! She nearly blew me off my feet!”
“She’s fast!”
“And she killed Wailer Frogs with the wind!”
Intrigued, Bethal looked down as Ryoka tried to hush the children. She glanced at her husband. Thomast sighed.
“Bethal…”
“If she can do that, maybe, Thomast. Miss Ryoka. Show me. Prove it.”
Bethal turned back to Ryoka. The young woman blinked up at her.
“Show you what? The wind?”
The [Lady] raised a delicate eyebrow.
“At the very least. Show me your Skill. Or magic, or whatever it may be. I won’t send a City Runner to her death. But if you can do something out of the ordinary…”
She glanced around the windless, empty street skeptically. Ryoka stared at her. And then she shrugged.
“What kind of wind would you like?”
“If you have to conjure it. Anything, Miss Griffin. I just want to see something, even if it only ruffles my hair—”
Bethal’s voice cut off. She frowned at her hair, blowing across her face. She stared at Ryoka.
“Well. I suppose that is possible. But can you make a larger breeze? Something—”
She blinked. Now her riding dress was ruffling. Bethal smoothed the dress as the children around her laughed and clapped their hands.
“And is that it?”
Ryoka wiped at her forehead.
“It’s something. That’s control, Miss Walchaís. If you want a gust, I can do something stronger. But I’d have to include more than just you.”
“More than just me? What do you—”
Bethal looked around. And then she saw it. The wind was blowing her hair. And her dress. Her horse’s mane blew in the wind. But Sir Thomast, standing next to her was unruffled. His clothes didn’t move an inch. And neither did Welca. The children on the street were running about, begging Ryoka for a breeze.
And on the street, the air was silent. The Runners and people of Reizmelt looked up. Lady Bethal sat in a small cyclone of wind. She looked through it at Ryoka. The City Runner’s eyebrow was raised. Ryoka grinned.
Uh oh. She’s going to kill me.
She waited for Bethal to explode in fury like before. But the [Lady] just blinked at the wind. And then she laughed. And her laughter was carried away on the breeze.
“Well! Can you show me a gust, then, Wind Runner?”
The air quieted. And then the wind blew harder. The children laughed and some sailed down the street with their cloth sails. The adults shielded their faces and the horses tossed their heads. Bethal blinked as a gust swept towards her. The wind blew past Bethal and Thomast, whipping at her hair. The [Chevalier] looked up and shifted, sheltering his wife from the breeze. And the wind blew harder still. Lady Bethal shielded her face. One of the Runners lost his balance and slipped, catching himself in the wind.
And Ryoka held still in the street. The air howled around her, but she called on it. She dared the wind to blow, to whip Bethal’s hair across her face. She dared because not daring would have been pathetic. She had one chance. And when she saw Bethal raise a palm, Ryoka asked the wind to stop.
And it was still. Reizmelt’s street was eerily silent in the sudden absence of the wind. Bethal looked at Thomast. He raised his brows. The [Lady] turned to Ryoka. And she nodded.
“Give it to her, Thomast.”
“You’re sure?”
The woman gave Thomast a flat look.
