6.26
Page 22
But then she faltered. Ryoka slowed, going from signpost to signpost. The dust dropped out of the air. She looked around wildly as the wind slowed. Pursuers? Ambushes?
She had no idea. She couldn’t slow. But an hour in and Ryoka had blown through her reserves. If this was a marathon or a race—and it was—she was overtaxed. In her world, she would have been a fool.
“In my world.”
Ryoka spat as she checked the signpost again. She grabbed a potion from her belt and downed it as she ran left, down the main road for Walta. The stamina potion burned its way down her throat. And suddenly, Ryoka felt more energy burning from her legs. She took a breath and ran.
The wind picked back up. A procession of wagons on the road halted and the drivers cursed. But the dust cloud had emerged once again and nothing could stop Ryoka. She ran. But her reinvigorated body could only go so far. After ten minutes, she began to flag.
Healing potion. This time her aching bare feet healed after a single mouthful. Her legs felt strong again. Ryoka picked up her pace. And time stretched on.
 
—-
 
No pacing. No slowing from that mad run. Stamina potion again, the instant Ryoka felt her pace slow. And then another healing potion. The shots of energy and relief ran through her like the strongest energy drink. So much concentrated energy it felt like poison.
Which it was.
The second hour was no better than the first. The third hurt worst of all. By the fourth, Ryoka had stopped processing the trauma. Her body was healing, refilling itself with energy. Now she felt like more machine than person. She drank down the last drop of her stamina potion.
She was running as fast as she could, in the center of the vortex of sand. It had blown out twice, but the winds faithfully picked up the grit Ryoka poured out of her bag of holding. And Ryoka was still running.
 
—-
 
Sprinting, racing across the ground. As fast as she had ever run.
The fourth empty bottle hit the ground as Ryoka dropped it, heedless of littering. She felt the rush of energy pour through her limbs and she picked up the pace again, as if she had just begun running. Not started four hours ago. And she was getting close.
“Clear winds.”
Ryoka gasped. The sand cleared from the wind, allowing her to see ahead of herself. She knew where to go. The signs told her she was getting closer to Walta. But she still had far to go.
And she was flagging. The third stamina bottle shook in Ryoka’s grip. Her entire body was shaking. And when she finally forced the liquid down her throat, it burned and hurt. Ryoka felt sick. But she couldn’t stop. If she stopped, she’d collapse.
 
—-
 
The potions hurt now. As bad as mana potion sickness. But she was closer. Ryoka could feel it. The winds were at her back, propelling her forwards. She didn’t have the strength for the dust cloud. Or—or was it that the winds sensed her weakening spirit? Either way, they had slackened.
But they still blew. And she still ran. Her feet were cut up. Ryoka took a mouthful of healing potion and threw up as she ran. Too many potions. She gulped down one last mouthful and ran. Fast—as fast as—
If you can’t run faster, even with magic, what’s the point?
A laughing, running demon was urging her onwards. He was a black shadow against the tunnel of Ryoka’s vision. She chased him across a field, across roads, around large wagons and shouting voices. Hands dragged at her. Horses raced past her. They wanted to drag her down. But the wind blew, and no one touched her.
