6.26
Page 17
Bethal glanced up. The [Chevalier] was frowning. His arms were folded. He was glancing at Alime. The [Receptionist] was half-hiding behind her counter, staring at the noble guests with wide eyes; besides Ryoka, Lady Bethal’s entourage and Alime, the Runner’s Guild had been cleared out. Ryoka could see some of her fellow Runners furtively peeking in from outside.
“I don’t think she’s fit for the job, Bethal.”
Thomast answered at last. Ryoka’s stomach sank. The [Chevalier] eyed her.
“With respect of Miss Griffin—she’s no Courier. It would be dangerous to risk a City Runner. She could lose her life, and if she’s intercepted, the message could be disastrous for us.”
“That was my thought. Alas, we’ve wasted a few minutes. We’ll have to go back on horseback. Oh well. Mister Lupp can’t be full of good ideas all the times, it seems.”
Bethal clicked her fingers exasperatedly. Ryoka stared at her. Did she just say Lupp? No, that had to be a coincidence. The young woman saw Bethal turn, and realized her opportunity was slipping away. She raised her voice hurriedly.
“I can do it.”
“Excuse me?”
Bethal turned back to Ryoka skeptically. The Asian girl took a deep breath.
“I’m sorry. I don’t know what the request is. But if you’re looking for a qualified City Runner—I might not have the speed of a Courier, but I have never failed a delivery. And I have outrun monsters. I’ve run the High Passes before.”
Thomast’s head turned back to Ryoka. Bethal blinked.
“You have? How far in?”
“Not far. But I completed my delivery. And I’ve done emergency deliveries for adventuring teams.”
“What rank?”
Ryoka hesitated.
“Silver. I’ve never been requested at Gold-rank or higher.”
Bethal exchanged a look with her husband. He frowned and gave her a covert shake of the head. Lady Walchaís sighed.
“If it were just your life, I might give you a chance Miss Griffin. But this message must be delivered without fail. I’d risk the consequences of it arriving too late, rather than having my words subverted. And if you are caught? You will most likely be killed and the damage will spread to my lands.”
She spread her hands. Ryoka’s heart sank. She nodded slowly.
“I understand.”
“Very well. Welca? The horses. We’ll press onwards as Thomast sees fit.”
Bethal sighed and waved a hand. The female [Knight] tromped towards the doors. As she opened them, Ryoka heard some excited shouts. Which surprised her; the City Runners and people of Reizmelt were already backing up from the fearsome Lady Bethal. But someone was calling out with an excited voice.
“Miss [Knight]! Miss [Knight]!”
“Did you kill any [Assassins]? Is it true they have a Guild?”
“Is [Lady] Bethal a real lady? Is she really going to cut off the heads of other nobles?”
“Are you going to hire the Wind Runner?”
Welca stopped, looking affronted. Bethal’s head turned towards the door. And Ryoka recognized the voices as she saw the tiny bodies hopping up and down.
Children. They were as immune to the fear of Lady Bethal’s class as they were to Welca’s scowl. The [Knight] ushered them back from the horses. Lady Bethal walked outside. The children stared at her. They oohed as Thomast followed her. He blinked at them. One of the children pointed at his side.
“Did you kill them all with your rapier?”
He didn’t respond. Bethal smiled as she accepted the reins of her mare. Ryoka walked out of the guild, feeling sheepish. To her great chagrin, the children grew even more excited when they saw her than when Bethal had come out.
“Wind Runner! Wind Runner!”
“Are you going to deliver a message?”
“Blow us about! Conjure the wind, Miss Ryoka!”
