6.26
Page 11
He had confidence in his corn. But she was a [Lady]. Lupp waited. He got no response. Bethal slowly, methodically, and unapologetically cleaned the corn until there was not a single kernel left. Then she smiled.
“That was the finest corn I have ever eaten, I think! Thomast, you must try some. Mister Lupp wasn’t exaggerating!”
The [Farmer] looked delighted. Thomast looked up.
“Really?”
“Yes. Have some! Mister Lupp, how much for some corn?”
“Oh, oh, for free, of course. If it’s just an ear or two—”
Lupp found himself holding another ear of corn. And somehow, he found himself sitting back on his porch, chewing his favorite meal while Bethal and Thomast bit into theirs. The two sat together. Lupp kept staring at them, but Bethal was apparently ravenous, never mind that some corn got on her expensive riding dress. Thomast ate more slowly, but he left nothing behind either, save for the cob which he offered to his stallion. The horse gave him an affronted look, but ate it anyways.
“Delicious.”
Lady Bethal closed her eyes. Lupp still couldn’t take his eyes off the bodies in the road. He looked at Bethal and wondered what kind of a person could see death and not blink like that. And he saw her opened her eyes and give him much the same look.
“So you grow your corn here, Mister Lupp. Every day of the year you can. And you take this wonderful corn and you sell it to the local village. For what? A copper coin per ear of corn?”
“I couldn’t charge them that!”
The [Farmer] was horrified at the idea. He stared at the field and imagined what would happen if he charged that rate.
“That’s prices for the winter. It’s a copper for two, and a deal of one for three if they buy in bulk. That field’ll earn me…let’s see. Three or four per stalk. And I plant around six hundred. And I harvest twice a season. Sometimes three if I’m quick. So er, this field’ll earn me…”
He tried to do the math, his brow furrowing. Thomast’s lips moved. Bethal stared at the field.
“Six hundred crops of corn works out to six hundred pieces of copper if they all have three ears and you sell at your cheapest rate, Mister Lupp. At your best, if you assume half of your corn has three ears and half has four, seven hundred ears sold half at two per copper and half at three per copper earns you exactly eight hundred and seventy five copper coins.”
Lupp stared at Bethal. She went on, counting on her fingers.
“Let’s see. A silver coin is ten copper. And gold twenty silver. So this field is, in fact, worth around four gold coins, seven silver, and five copper. Does that sound right to you, Mister Lupp?”
The [Farmer] stared at Bethal. He frowned, bit his lip, and nodded.
“That’s…almost what I earned from last harvest. Of course, it goes up closer to winter. Down in the summer and fall with the other harvests…”
He flinched at the look in Bethal’s eye.
“You sell your corn for less than five gold coins, Mister Lupp?”
“I can live off five gold coins for months, Miss. Even with repairs and buying other things, it’s usually more than enough.”
The [Farmer] mumbled as he played with his hat. He was thinking of how much he actually spent. Arrows were expensive. A lot more expensive than corn, but it took work to make the shafts and tip them with iron. Bethal shook her head. She looked at her husband.
