6.26
Page 20
No one was happy about it. Not the [Mercenaries], who swore up and down that they wouldn’t risk a confrontation with House Walchaís or her Knights of the Petal—just the City Runner. Not the [Assassin], whose only goal was vengeance and to strike a blow against Bethal Walchaís and her husband, however small. And least of all the adventurers.
One of them edged closer to her leader. Tally, the [Ranger], hissed at their Captain, a [Fire Mage] who’d been all too quick to take the black-clad stranger’s gold in her opinion. She’d done shady things as an adventurer, but this crossed a line. She soothed the team’s war hound by scratching the dog behind the ears while she hissed at him.
“Levi, this is insane. Are you completely mad? We’re going to sully our name, taking this contract. And what if it’s someone we know?”
“Tally, shush.”
The [Fire Mage] rubbed his hands, absently sending a few sparks falling to the ground. He was nervous. But Tally wouldn’t shut up.
“Have you seen our employer? This isn’t a contract, Levi. I’m not even sure if that shady fellow’s legitimate. His gold’s real, but is he really an [Assassin] from the Assassin’s Guild or a faker?”
She nodded at the shrouded figure arguing with the [Mercenary Captain] opposite them. Levi turned and sighed. Then he hissed at Tally.
“Would you shut up? I know what I’m doing! Just watch the gates, will you?”
“I won’t! We’re the Pithfire Hounds, not mercs or murderers! Either pull out of the deal or I’m walking and so’s the team! We’re not killing an innocent City Runner, no matter if it is Lady Bethal Walchaís or whatever who’s sending the message! That’s politics! We’re not for the Reinharts or against them or anything!”
Tally’s stomach twisted at the thought. They weren’t nearly high level enough to play at politics in Izril. Levi just glared at her.
“Are you deaf? Didn’t you hear what that [Assassin] said? Lady Bethal’s at the Runner’s Guild. So she wants to send a message fast. By Runner, since [Message] spells can be faked or intercepted.”
“So?”
Tally gave Levi a blank look. The [Pyromancer] growled, and their war dog, Makki, growled as well.
“So she’s going to hire the best Runner in the city. And Reizmelt has no Couriers. Who’s the best City Runner in Reizmelt, then?”
The [Ranger]’s eyes widened.
“You don’t mean—oh. But why are we—”
“We’re aiming left. Wait for my signal. Why do you think everyone else isn’t giving me grief? They’ve figured it out!”
Levil hissed back. Tally turned bright red. She looked at her teammates. Keima rolled her eyes. Lamont, Bran, Ullica…they were checking their weapons. Levil met their eyes and nodded.
As one, the Pithfire Hounds looked left. The [Mercenary] band glanced up. One of them eyed the war dog uneasily from his mount.
“You lot ready? We need to hit whoever’s coming out fast.”
“Don’t worry about us. We’re fast. And we’re ready.”
Levil conjured an orb of fire. The [Mercenary] nodded shortly. He glanced up at the Pithfire Hounds as the adventurers casually glanced at the city. Now Tally was picking out a target. Levil nudged her.
“Stop being obvious.”
“I’m sorry, do you want me to help or not?”
“If you weren’t so bad at hiding things, I wouldn’t have to keep anything from you. Which is rich, because you’re our [Ranger]!”
“Bite him, Makki.”
The dog sniffed the air. Then she howled. The [Mercenaries], Pithfire Hounds, and lone [Assassin] looked. Up. Levil stared at Reizmelt. Then he glanced up.
“The wind’s gone flat.”
“What is that?”
The [Fire Mage]’s head snapped back down. His eyes widened. Someone was coming out of the gates of the city.
