6.26
Page 3
Bethal turned and wheeled her mare around. She dug her heels into her horse’s sides and the mare took off. Bethal galloped past Ryoka and the Runners who sprang out of the way. Thomast was hot on her heels. Ryoka heard him call at Bethal to slow down. The [Lady] replied with a curse Ryoka had heard Relc shout once.
They were out of sight in a moment. The pink [Knights], the [Butler], still holding the axe, and the citizens of Reizmelt watched them go. Ryoka stared around, and then looked at Todel’s white face.
“Who was that?”
He grinned at her, the blood still drying on his arm. Sir Kerrig, the [Knight] in the pink armor turned back to Ryoka. His expression suggested chagrin. Welca’s suggested violence.
“That was Lady Bethal Walchaís, Miss. Last of her line. All of you remain here. I have some questions to ask you. And I believe I will need directions to your Runner’s Guild.”
He didn’t put a hand on the huge battleaxe strapped to his back. And the young woman didn’t actually draw her sword. But no one decided to run away. Ryoka stared at the place where Lady Bethal had been, and then at the blood and the black roses on the ground.
Lady Bethal. The last few minutes said it all, really.
 
—-
 
Six people on the street weren’t part of the scene, the drama as it unfolded. Or rather, if they were, they weren’t members of the audience, but the supporting cast. They watched as participants, not as observers. And they spoke quickly in the moments after Lady Bethal had galloped away.
“Damn. How’d she get mounted that fast?”
“They just arrived. Why couldn’t they have timed it later?”
“Never mind that. I had a clear shot at her. Why did you block me? The order was to make it public.”
One of the six hissed at the other. A distinctly female voice replied to him, although all six were hooded. And it had to be said, six hooded figures were usually the opposite of invisible—unless they were standing at the back of the crowd that had watched Lady Bethal’s speech. They were getting a lot of looks. One of the six shifted, distinctly aware of how unprofessional all this was.
“I blocked you because it was a bad shot. She was moving. And even if you’d hit, her husband and those bodyguards would be on us in seconds. You think we could take them?”
“There are six of us.”
The angry one was now sulky. The female glared out of her hood.
“Against two [Knights]? Are you mad? Wait until they’re alone. We’re getting paid for the attempt, but the bounty on either one is a hundred times that.”
“Fine. Looks like the [Knights] want those Runners, anyways. Suits me.”
Four of the hoods nodded. One of them was less sure.
“There’s still the husband. He’s a known duelist, isn’t he? The [Chevalier] Thomast. I know he has an enchanted blade. And he’s probably got other equipment.”
“So? There are six of us. One of him. And he may be a [Fencer], but he has no bell. He’s just good for a [Lord]. We can do it.”
The other five nodded. They slipped backwards, again, attracting a number of looks. They weren’t very professional. They were in fact, rookies. But they were still [Assassins]. Which meant that they were somewhat good at their jobs. They followed the horses out of the city. After stopping to rent six of their own.
It really was unprofessional.
 
—-
 
Lady Bethal rode south out of Reizmelt like an arrow. She didn’t stop at the gate, and she didn’t bother avoiding the people on the road. They avoided her. Bethal furiously urged her mare forwards, taking to the main road and sticking to it. And she was being pursued.
