6.26
Page 4
Thomast Veniral, [Chevalier] and husband to Lady Bethal rode his stallion after her with dogged determination. She had a few seconds on him, but both their horses were excellent. And while she was the better rider of the two, he was dogged and neither had riding Skills. So she failed to lose him in the first, frantic ten minutes.
Bethal rode furiously, but even in her fury, she couldn’t bring herself to harm her horse, so before the animal could tire or risk a fall or injury, she slowed the mad gallop. When she did, Thomast caught up. Breathing heavily, she glared at her husband.
“Go away.”
“I can’t do that, Bethal. You’re unprotected by yourself.”
“Get Kerrig, then. And Welca.”
“They’re investigating the origin of the roses—”
“Leaving you with no choice to follow me, is that it?”
Thomast quietly slowed his panting stallion. He looked at Bethal and shook his head.
“There’s no place I’d rather be.”
She glared at him. The stare bounced off Thomast. After a second, Bethal lightly moved her reins. The mare trotted forwards, down the road.
“I’m not going back to Reizmelt. I’m going for a ride. An hour, you said? I’m going to ride for an hour. Unless you have a problem with that?”
The look in her eyes dared Thomast to say anything. He only nodded.
“A ride is as good as a walk.”
Bethal turned her head and made a disgusted sound. She rode on, and Thomast followed her.
South, down the road. There were too many people for Bethal’s taste, so at the first juncture, she took the road less travelled by. Further away from eyes. The first few minutes were just streaming fury on her side and Thomast quietly waiting. His stallion snorted and kept edging closer to the mare, who wanted to walk closer to the stallion. Bethal on the other hand kept moving their horses apart, but animal magnetism drew them together again and again.
After the umpteenth time she’d moved her mare back, Bethal spoke abruptly.
“I know they sent them. All of them. Sir Kerrig will find that out. It’s obvious they were the ones who sent the roses. It wasn’t a ruse.”
“You are most likely correct.”
Her eyes flashed at him.
“I am correct. And when I meet them, I will cut off their heads. Each and every one of them. How dare they, Thomast? How dare they?”
He didn’t reply. She glared at him.
“Don’t you think they deserve it? Don’t you? They called me a coward! When my family, my brother and father and mother all died there! Where were they, Thomast? Where were they?”
She screamed the words, scaring a passing traveller nearly off his horse. Thomast didn’t reply. Bethal cursed and turned down another road, going further away from a larger settlement.
“I’m going to kill them. And you won’t stop me. I won’t calm down. An hour? You can make me wait a year and I won’t forgive them. Ever. They’re going to die.”
“Of course, Bethal.”
She turned her head.
“You can’t trick me. I am going to pick up that axe and do it myself. Do you hear me?”
“Yes. I do.”
His calm reply only incensed Bethal even more. She screamed at him, her hands tight on the reins.
“Are you even listening?”
Her mare stopped, alarmed. Bethal glared at her mount and kicked it to make it move. Thomast patiently soothed his stallion as the horse rolled its eyes back at its master. When Bethal had gotten her mare to keep moving, Thomast cast a glance at the sky. Clear weather and gentle winds. It was at odds with Bethal’s screams. But there were less travellers. He cast a glance on the road behind him, frowning for a second. Then he turned to Bethal.
“I’m listening. Don’t forget the children.”
“What?”
