6.26
Page 16
“So this is Reizmelt’s best City Runner?”
She stared at Ryoka’s feet. The young woman was instantly embarrassed. She stared at the young woman in pink armor standing behind Bethal instead. Lady Welca Caveis? So she was a [Lady] and a [Knight]? There was also the silent [Chevalier], Sir Thomast, who was giving Ryoka an inspection as well. But the older [Knight], Sir Kerrig, was gone.
Ryoka didn’t know what had happened, but she could piece together the clues. Sir Kerrig and Lady Welca had taken the Runners back to the guild and interrogated the [Receptionist] at length about the origin of the black roses. She had just confirmed that all of them were indeed sent by each group that had been represented—an arduous process that had taken nearly an hour in itself and left the Runners cooling their heels and talking anxiously—when news had come in like thunder.
From the [Mage]’s Guild. There had been multiple attacks by [Assassins] on a number of [Ladies]. All in public, and all affiliated with Lady Magnolia. That had been enough to make everyone in the Runner’s Guild wonder if there was a war starting between the nobility. But the two Rose Knights had taken off like bolts of lightning once Sir Kerrig got a [Message] spell on the little scroll he carried. No guesses why.
Neither Welca nor Sir Thomast looked like they’d just killed someone. Okay, maybe Welca did. But Ryoka couldn’t help but feel a prickle as she stared at Thomast’s blade. Why else would the [Knights] have rushed off? And where was Sir Kerrig?
And why had Lady Bethal immediately gone to the Runner’s Guild on returning to Reizmelt, nearly an hour later and demanded to see Ryoka of all people? It was a mystery. But Ryoka thought at least one piece was about to be unraveled now. If only Bethal would stop staring.
“You run with bare feet? Don’t you get thorns or rocks in your soles?”
The [Lady] wrinkled her nose as she pointed at Ryoka’s feet. The City Runner stared at her.
“I uh, have calluses. Lady Bethal.”
The [Lady] stared at her.
“And those help? What about nails?”
“I try to avoid those.”
“Ah. Tell me, Miss Ryoka Griffin. Are you fast? How many movement Skills do you have?”
“Uh—I have three. But none of them help me run faster. Just longer. My speed’s at a City Runner’s level.”
“I see. And how about your defenses? Could you outrun, say [Bandits] on horseback?”
Ryoka’s pulse picked up. She tried to answer carefully.
“No. But I could deter them. Or lose them. I have Tripvine Bags, potions, and these—”
She reached into her bag of holding. Welca tensed and Bethal held up a hand.
“Show me.”
Ryoka pulled out a caltrop. Bethal eyed it.
“That is a nasty weapon. Do you throw it?”
“Sometimes. But I can drop them and they’ll slow horses. I’m banned from using them unless my life is in danger. And they are a hazard.”
“You could certainly inconvenience a road with them. And they’re fairly pointy. Ouch.”
Bethal poked her finger idly on the caltrop. She shook her head.
“What about [Mages]? High-level enemies?”
“I…have a wind Skill that I can use to blow a dust cloud, Lady Bethal. I’ve outrun [Bandits] before and survived an ambush on one occasion.”
“Hmm. Can you block lightning?”
Ryoka gulped.
“I…haven’t had to deal with that. There was a Lich that I managed to avoid one time.”
“I see. I see…Thomast?”
