6.26
Page 6
She paused. Now she was looking at him. And now that she was, now that she was listening, Thomast hugged her. She buried her face in his tunic.
“They’re wrong, Bethal. You know that.”
She gripped him tightly, crying into his shoulder.
“I’m sorry I hit you. I’m sorry. But the flowers.”
“You have every right to be angry. You just can’t kill them. It’s a trap. You know that.”
“I know. But—”
That was all she said. But. Thomast squeezed her harder. And she clung to him as if they were the only people left in the world. If only that were true. The [Chevalier] looked around, speaking quietly to Bethal.
“They’re wrong. They weren’t there. And they will never know what it was like. I don’t. You don’t have to forgive them. Just don’t let them trap you.”
“Why the black rose? Why that, Thomast?”
Bethal’s voice broke. Thomast shifted, feeling his rapier moving at his side. He glanced around.
There was no one about. They’d come far, and a little farm was the only thing nearby. A field of crops, a scarecrow at rest…the air was still as Thomast turned to face Bethal. She stepped back a tiny bit and stared up at him. She’d wiped her face onto his damp shoulder. Now she looked even more beautiful. He felt his heart squeeze. He let go of her with one hand and put his hand at his side.
“Someone must have asked them to send it.”
Bethal nodded. She sniffed hard, and her voice took on a hint of normalcy. For the first time, she frowned as she thought. A few residual tears squeezed themselves out of her eyes, but she was done crying.
“Not Tyrion. But who? The Circle of Thorns? Damn them. And damn Magnolia for pulling us into it. She plays her games and she always gets what she wants. This is her fault.”
“You agreed to help her.”
“Because the alternative was war with the Drakes! You heard her!”
Thomast stepped back as Bethal glared. He put a hand on the hilt of his rapier.
“I think it was the correct decision. But you knew there would be consequences.”
Thomast turned his head as he spoke. He stared backwards, at a distant stand of trees, and then eyed the trail around them. Bethal sniffed again.
“But this? Am I supposed to lie down and take this? Really, Thomast?”
“No.”
The man raised his voice. He looked around and then turned to his wife.
“Bethal Walchaís. I love you.”
She stopped. And stared at him. Thomast spoke only to her as he slowly drew the rapier on his right side. He stepped closer to her, and his voice was steady.
“I am not much of a man for words. I don’t know anything else but how to fence. And I am no master at that, just a student. But I do love you. If you go to war, I will be your sword. If you seek the stars, I will learn to fly. That is what I’ve always pledged.”
She looked at him, wide-eyed. She reached out, but Thomast held up a hand. He turned his head.
“Step back, Bethal. You six, come out.”
The [Lady] turned as he pointed with his rapier. The shadows on the road shifted. Six shapes appeared. One stood up, having crawled for a hundred feet in the grass. Another had slipped from shadow to shadow until he’d lain by the road’s side. Two more appeared, their enchantment broken. The last two were lying in the brushes, dozens of feet away. They rose as Thomast looked at them.
“Assassins.”
“Amateurs. Experts wouldn’t have revealed themselves. But they did wait until we were alone. It was my mistake. Stay behind me, Bethal.”
