6.27 M
Page 33
“You know I’m better than all three of you. And these two could kill an entire training team without breaking a sweat. Surrender. You’ll live. But you won’t like it. Don’t, and you’ll die. Either way.”
He shrugged. The [Assassins] stared at him. They looked behind themselves and then weighed the odds. They tossed their blades to the carpet and held up their hands. Sacra glared.
“I just cleaned that carpet. Drop another blade on it and I’ll kill you. Blood comes out easier than poison.”
 
—-
 
Five minutes later, Reynold poked his head into the sitting room and coughed once before delivering his message.
“All sorted, Lady Reinhart. We’ve ah, recovered the weapons from the garden. Theofore is looking through them now. We’re turning the corpses over to Mister Nalthaliarstrelous. For…composting.”
Magnolia Reinhart looked up. She was reading [Messages] while sitting on her personal, pink couch. A cup of sugar with some added tea was sitting in front of her.
“Thank you, Reynold. Have Sacra see to the interrogation. You may have the rest of the day off. If I need a driver, I will make Ressa do it.”
“You’re too kind, Lady Reinhart.”
Magnolia smiled and tilted the tea cup to her lips. She frowned as she read the rest of the [Messages].
“So. The party accompanying Lady Zanthia, Wuvren, Feli, Sypaci, Allima—no word from Bethal, but we have to assume she was attacked too.”
Ressa nodded silently. Magnolia glanced at her.
“All failures. Do you think they underestimated us that badly, Ressa?”
“I think they wanted to see how good each [Lady]’s defenses were. And perhaps they were wary of sending their best in case they did fail. It could be the Circle of Thorns or whoever hired them was simply cheap. The Assassin’s Guild is expensive, even for the richest of [Merchants]. This must have cost tens of thousands of gold coins.”
Ressa replied drily. Magnolia nodded. She made a face.
“What is that idiotic Guildmaster thinking? Then again, knowing him…what a waste of bodies. But the Guild has members to spare. I suppose this is their message, then. Assassinations are open game. They aren’t under my control and so on and so forth.”
She set her cup down and stared at the pile of black roses on the table in front of her.
“And Izril is officially divided. There are now sides. How wonderful. We have dozens upon dozens of enemies publicly declaring against us, with more to come no doubt.”
Ressa nodded. She studied the list of names of those who’d sent the flowers to the [Ladies].
“No black flowers from any of the Five Families. Is that unusual?”
Magnolia glanced up.
“Tyrion knows better. And this wasn’t his idea. I’m rather surprised one of my family didn’t send a flower my way, though. As for the other families—they know what’s coming next. They’ll pick sides soon enough. But they aren’t idiots.”
Ressa nodded.
“Do you think the senders of the flowers organized the [Assassin] attacks?”
Magnolia sipped thoughtfully from her cup.
“It certainly puts us against them, doesn’t it? But no, that’s too convenient for our real enemies, Ressa.”
She tapped the flowers in front of her.
“These are from some of those who joined Tyrion’s army against the Goblin Lord. They’re expressing their contempt openly. Foolishly, one might say. The [Assassins] are different. The Circle of Thorns sent them, I have no doubt. Everyone else assumes I still have a contract with the Guild—or I did until today. Even if they had doubts, who would organize such a concerted attack with the danger it might be traced back to them? No.”
All that was true. Ressa nodded, and hesitated.
