6.27 M
Page 4
The only place Ressa didn’t go was the garden. It had its own protector and was, in a way, the most dangerous part of Magnolia’s mansion. And Ressa did not get along with Nalthaliarstrelous, the [Gardener]. The man was also a [Druid] and Bekia was quite correct in that he took his job seriously. His overgrown hedge maze could probably kill a small army if they wandered in.
Inspection done, Ressa walked into the mansion and visited the kitchens. She didn’t scare the [Chef] on duty, a male Dullahan. The last thing she needed was for him to burn any food by accident. Ressa collected her breakfast and glanced around.
“Have Reynold bring today’s meal to the carriage. We’ll be departing at first light.”
“Yes, Miss Ressa.”
The Dullahan, his armor a decorative mix of silver and wood—painted with floral designs by a master [Artist], very attractive to other Dullahans—watched gloomily as Ressa gulped down her breakfast. Simple porridge and fruit for the [Head Maid]. And she was done in less than a minute. It was good food, which was all the more heartbreaking to the [Chef], but he had learned that Ressa ate fast.
This was how Ressa’s day started. By the time the sun was rising and Magnolia Reinhart was waking up, her right hand and best friend had checked the mansion from head to toe, terrorized the staff, eaten her own breakfast, and collected the day’s itinerary. As Magnolia Reinhart’s head rose from her luxuriant bed, Ressa was standing next to it, a prim and proper shadow for her mistress, the most powerful [Lady] of Izril. Or so Ressa believed.
Magnolia Reinhart, the Deadly Flower Blooming in the North, head of the Reinhart family, and one of the most famed and feared Human women in the world opened her eyes. She stared at the ceiling, raised her head from the pillow—and let it fall. Then she rolled over.
“Another hour, Ressa.”
The [Maid] stared at Magnolia’s slumbering form. Magnolia rolled over, curling up in her silken sheets. Ressa cleared her throat.
“You have a busy day, Magnolia. You’ll need to be on the road in ten minutes. Dressing alone will take—”
“I’m sleepy, Ressa.”
“I’m aware of that. Should I cancel your schedule, then?”
Ressa’ crooked eyebrow suggested that she would hit Magnolia with her list if the woman did. Magnolia groaned.
“I’d like that. Where am I going?”
“Village inspection. We’re headed to Talizmet and then Embrie. Unless you have other plans?”
Magnolia smiled into her pillow.
“No, that sounds quite nice, actually. Fresh air and all that. Is the carriage ready?”
“Reynold should have it prepared and ready to go. Are you getting up?”
“In three minutes.”
Ressa stared out of Magnolia’s window. A huge eye stared back at her. An enchanted whale swam down the outside of Magnolia’s mansion. Through its transparent body, Ressa could see the sun rising.
“I think you need to get up now. Magnolia. Magnolia Reinhart. It is time to get up.”
“Ressa. You are as terrible as those shrieking sounds those children showed me on their devices. No, worse. Just give me two more minutes…”
Magnolia’s voice faded away. Ressa leaned over her. She whispered to Magnolia’s comatose form.
“If you don’t get up I will make you get up.”
“How?”
“I will push you out of your bed.”
Magnolia considered this. Wearily and very grudgingly, she rolled over. Then she sat up.
“I detest you at times, Ressa, for all of our long enduring friendship.”
“I’m prepared to be hated. That’s part of my job.”
Magnolia nodded glumly.
“I fear that hatred doesn’t encapsulate all of the delightful emotions I’m feeling right now. May I at least see my apparel, tyrant?”
