6.27 M
Page 6
“Of course not. How silly of me. Good morning, Reynold!”
The two walked out of the double doors of the mansion. A [Butler] stood by an astonishingly pink carriage. He swept Magnolia and Ressa a quick bow.
“Milady Reinhart. Miss Ressa. Where to first?”
He held the carriage door open as Magnolia settled herself inside. The sumptuous carriage was rich enough to make any transport pleasant, and the padded, cushy interior was only a fraction of the carriage’s delights.
As Reynold climbed into the driver’s seat, two ghostly horses appeared and the carriage smoothly began rolling forwards. The wheels actually levitated a few inches off the ground, and the entire vehicle could reach insane speeds without the occupants feeling a thing. Inside the carriage, Magnolia leaned back as Ressa fussed with a silver-domed, covered tray.
“Talizmet first. What’s first on our list, Ressa? And is this breakfast I smell?”
The [Maid] lifted the cover with a nod. A pleasant aroma filled the carriage.
“Spiced biscuits. Nutmeg. Assorted fruits. Milk. Some butter. A boiled egg.”
“Delightful, delightful.”
Magnolia smiled in genuine delight as Reynold took the carriage out of the mansion and out onto the road at gathering speed. Both women ignored the landscape blurring outside. Magnolia peered around the hot plate of food with dismay.
“However…I heard you say milk, but where’s the tea, Ressa?”
“I have a small pot here. But there is no sugar to add to it.”
Ressa shook a tiny kettle. Magnolia froze as she reached for her cup.
“Well, that’s clearly a mistake. Check the side cupboard. I always keep a spare bag there.”
The [Maid] gave Magnolia a cold smile.
“You’re mistaking me. What I meant to say was, there is no sugar anywhere in this carriage, Magnolia. Even in your hiding places. You’ve been having too much. You’re gaining weight.”
She poked at Magnolia’s midriff. The [Lady] sat up indignantly.
“I resent that! I have a full figure compared to you, Ressa. But I’m hardly overweight.”
“Because I watch your diet. Skills or not, you eat too much sugar. Your teeth should have melted years ago.”
“Hence the ban on sugar for breakfasts?”
“You can have some later. For now, you may have tea with milk. Or none at all.”
Magnolia’s eyes slowly narrowed as she stared at Ressa. She took a deep breath.
“Ressa, I love you like a sister sometimes. And bearing in mind that I am a Reinhart, you should understand exactly how much of a threat that is. Don’t take away my sugar. Or I’ll have to get nasty.”
Her glare could have pinned a gnat to the wall. Ressa was unmoved.
“So that’s no tea, then?”
Magnolia glowered. Then she raised her cup.
“Fill it. And if I don’t have a sugar cube by midday, there will be blood.”
“Duly noted. Eat up. Your food’s growing cold.”
 
—-
 
The pink carriage that bore Magnolia Reinhart was obviously as famous as the woman itself. Death to [Bandits], the fastest and most obnoxious vehicle on the road, it could travel over a hundred miles an hour. It could even fly. So Magnolia and Ressa arrived at the village they’d chosen almost minutes after Magnolia had finished her breakfast.
Talizmet wasn’t far; it was in fact on Magnolia’s lands. That was to say, the area around Invrisil, the City of Adventurers. Magnolia Reinhart owned Invrisil, the surrounding demesne, and a few other properties as her main holdings. Of course, the Reinhart family possessed far more land, but if any could be said to be Magnolia’s explicitly, it was this area.
“We’re just rolling through this village, Reynold. Keep us moving, but at a walking pace. Ressa, where did the money go?”
