6.27 M
Page 20
The [Lady] spun as she reached for her door. The staff in the hallway looked up. Bekia, who was polishing the windows next to Mavi, raised her head to howl. Ressa cut her off.
“Bekia, silence. They’re not in the mansion. They’re outside the walls. My wards are all going off.”
Magnolia’s brows snapped together.
“How many and where?”
“The garden and the eastern walls. Twenty, ten on each side.”
“Did they trip a ward by accident? Or are they open?”
Ressa grimaced.
“They’ve tripped three wards in total. But they’re trying to be stealthy. Either this is a ruse—no. What’s the point of revealing themselves? This feels like amateurs. This is a test.”
Magnolia’s brows shot up.
“Of our defenses? We had that with Ryoka, remember? And those were professionals. What is this, then?”
The two had their answer as Reynold slid around the corner. He was panting after having run to the third floor in seconds.
“Lady Reinhart! Miss Ressa! There are two dozen Runners at the front gate! They all have a message for you!”
Ressa turned, disbelieving. That had to be the stupidest trap she’d ever heard of. Only, it wasn’t a trap, at least in full. Reynold had taken one of the packages from the City Runners, despite the Runner’s strict instructions to deliver only to Magnolia Reinhart herself. The [Butler] had checked it twice, but Ressa intercepted the black rose before she let Magnolia handle it. It was clean. But the message was as clear as the look on Magnolia’s face.
“The black rose of cowardice. Well. Well, well. And all the Runners have the rose?”
Reynold was as versed in flower language as Ressa. His face was very pale as he nodded.
“All of them, milady. And they all come from different senders. I—I will turn away the Runners at once if you wish it. I do not believe they are aware of what the gesture means.”
“No. They would not be. Or else they have spines of steel. Well, so this is the escalation of my peer’s ire with me.”
Magnolia gently inspected the black rose. Her hand trembled a bit as she gripped the stem between two fingers.
“A black rose. For me. I stood at the Sacrifice of Roses. This is—eminently fitting as an insult. A coward who would threaten her own peers is a coward as great as one who fled the Goblin King’s armies, is that it? I won’t say they don’t have a point. But what sort of a coward attacks a Drake city that has done no wrong? What kind of a coward welcomes the slaughter of tens of thousands?”
She looked up, eyes flashing. Ressa’s own hand was on the enchanted dagger. Her blood was boiling. Magnolia Reinhart straightened her back and the air around her grew tense. Heavy. Fury rolled off her like waves.
“Even for an insult. This is too much. Call us cowards. But we fought at First Landing. Nothing will change that. This is beyond tolerable. They have declared war on me, my peers. Or else they invite it. How many declared, Reynold? No—”
Her eyes widened. The smell of fury and taste of it hanging around her vanished in a heartbeat. Magnolia took a breath and controlled herself. Then her eyes opened and narrowed.
“It wasn’t the only one.”
“Magnolia?”
Ressa forgot her station for a second. Magnolia’s eyes had become calculating, and her pupils were flickering, darting from idea to idea that only she could see.
“It is not just me. The flowers are such a pointed reference. And whoever’s at my walls—this is a coordinated attack! The other ladies who were with me must have received similar gifts. And if so—”
She spun to Ressa.
