6.27 M
Page 12
“And again, I ask, over what? Ressa, if they want to insult me, they may. But I am trying to cultivate an image other than that of decidedly attractive tyrant. The fact that anyone is willing to voice their dissent is a step in the right direction, or so I feel. Or do you think it’s better if they took me holding my peer’s beloved ones hostage in silence?”
Ressa didn’t respond to that. Magnolia sighed.
“I have made the reason for the actions I took perfectly clear. My peers may not agree with it, but many do recognize that we averted a war with the Drakes at the last moment. If they wish to censure me, they are welcome to do so. But I will not provoke them for insults that are rightly deserved. Or would you have me start poisoning everyone?”
The [Maid] glowered.
“Playing peacemaker only works so long as there is still a threat.”
“And who should I threaten? Name me a list of actual enemies that seek my head, Ressa.”
“The Circle of Thorns?”
“And how many of them are there? Who are they? Are they even peers of the realm? Until I know that, I won’t fall into the Reinhart way of shoving a vaseful of roses down the throat of anyone who so much as sneezes at me the wrong—”
“Lady Reinhart? Miss Ressa? We’ve arrived.”
A delicate cough cut off the argument between the two women. Ressa slowly sat back. Magnolia smoothed her skirts. Both of them glanced towards the front of the carriage and the open sliding door they’d forgotten was open. Magnolia called out in a cheerful voice.
“Thank you, Reynold! Take us around the village.”
She opened a curtain as Ressa did the same. This time Magnolia took one look at the village of Embrie and smiled.
“My. Would you look at that!”
What greeted the three visitors to Embrie was an odd display on the street. Sheltered out of the sun in makeshift awnings were a bunch of seated women, tending to long, wooden contraptions. Looms. And the outdoor looms were perfectly positioned to take advantage of the cool spring weather. Not only that; Magnolia saw women sitting together, sewing fabric, some delicately dying the fresh fabric, and others adding embroidery to finished dresses or bolts of cloth.
“It’s a small fair outside. Ressa, is all this new?”
The [Maid] regarded the outdoor looms and then checked her notes.
“Embrie did have a few strong [Weavers] and other tailoring experts, but not this many. And not nearly this many looms. They must have taken the gold and had some more made. I can’t account for the dyes, though.”
“Does any town nearby import the dyes? Or do villages around here make it?”
“Possibly—yes. Yes. There’s a village fifteen miles north of here that creates a yellow pigmented dye, and another that manufactures green and blue.”
“And so I see on display here. With a few other colors.”
Magnolia nodded at the dyed cloths, which did indeed feature all three colors as the primary colors in their patterns. They were all different, though, and very pleasing, if not as complex as a richer fabric in pattern. But a simple bolt of blue cloth was still very desirable. And…Magnolia smiled.
“Look. They even have children learning it.”
She indicated a few girls who were watching as an older woman showed them how the loom worked. That decided Magnolia. She pulled at the carriage door.
“I’m going to get out. Reynold, drive us closer.”
“Wait.”
