6.28
Page 11
Ksmvr looked interested. Erin shook her head. She read another letter, frowning. Then she looked up.
“You said Goblins weren’t monsters?”
The inn’s guests glanced at Olesm. He jumped and slowly met Erin’s eyes. She looked at the letter she’d received. This one wasn’t as rage-filled as the others.
 
To Olesm Swifttail of Liscor,
I wished to write you a letter in regards to your latest newsletter, of which I am subscribed. I am a passionate fan of the new game of chess, and sincerely interested in the strategic elements of the game, as well as this new game of ‘Go’, which has just reached my city. However, I was somewhat disturbed when I discovered that your latest edition of your newsletter contained a substantial analysis of the Siege of Liscor and commentary on the Goblin element which factored into the entire affair.
Without delving into the mechanics of your analysis of the battle itself (which I have to say was well done), I confess to being greatly disturbed by your suggestions that the Goblins were in fact victims of Human and Drake politics in the battle. 
I was even more alarmed by your proposal for a hypothetical peace with the Goblins, wherein the Adventurer’s Guild’s bounties on Goblins would be rescinded and they would be considered people. Let alone forging trading and non-aggression pacts with smaller Goblin tribes! I consider this suggestion dangerous, not to mention irresponsible to suggest to your audience, and I believe many of your readers share the same opinion.
We have had Goblin pacts in the past. Historically, there are four instances of Goblins on Izril being awarded exemptions from monster status. In all but one case, the Goblin individuals or tribes eventually came into conflict with the sovereign powers and were destroyed. Most recently, Garen Redfang, a noted Gold-rank adventurer slaughtered half his team before fleeing. I understand he perished at Liscor, which all to the better. But it only proves the point: history shows Goblins are unlikely to be trusted. 
Strategist Olesm, your arguments, while well-intentioned, fail when shone upon with the light of history. I have enclosed three books with this letter, which detail in part the efforts to make any kind of lasting pact with Goblins on Baleros and Chandrar respectively, as well as their use as auxiliaries in Rhir at one point. Note the Baleros book – Monstrous Warfare with additional commentary by none other than Niers Astoragon, the Titan of Baleros whom I understand you hold in some regard. He underlines the same points I have just made.
Please educate yourself and present any further arguments with factual references to back up your assertions, or at least an acknowledgement of counterarguments. I do await further newsletters with impatient anticipation, and would request that you include a more basic guide to the strategy of this new ‘Go’ game that has come from Baleros. You appear to have a quite expert player you are sourcing from, but the nuances of your three examples are lost on me at the moment. Thank you for your time.
Yours truly,
[Strategist] and [Historian], Quelmi Seventails of Fissival
 
Erin stared at the letter. Olesm was hitting himself on the forehead. He snuffled.
