6.28
Page 14
“I imagine you’d want to craft a suitably encompassing reply to your detractors. And I personally think a few scathing remarks would not go amiss to the more asinine complaints. A proper, cited essay isn’t easy to do either. You would do far worse than Wistram’s top student in drafting a proper dissertation.”
“Former top student.”
Ceria whispered. Pisces ignored her. Erin blinked. And then she remembered that Pisces and Olesm did hang out together from time to time. The [Strategist] sniffed again.
“Thanks, Pisces.”
The [Necromancer] smiled, and looked uncomfortable at the genuine emotion. He conjured a sneer to hide it.
“Lead on, friend Olesm. And don’t drip on me. Miss Solstice, we will be borrowing the door to Pallass. If you don’t object?”
He raised his brows as he steered Olesm towards the door. Erin opened her mouth. Then she paused.
“Nope. Go ahead.”
Pisces opened the door and Pallass’ streets appeared for a second. Then he and Olesm walked through and the door went dead. Erin winced, but then she grinned.
“You big softie.”
“That’s certainly new.”
Ceria started at the door. She blinked at Yvlon, who blinked back.
“Who knew Pisces would actually volunteer to help anyone. Well, I’d better recharge that door. Damn. I’ll get it up and running, but those two might have to stay in Pallass the night.”
Grumbling, she went over to the door. But Erin caught the pleased look on her face. The [Innkeeper] looked at the letters, and swept the ones on the table into a pile.
“Well, I think I’ll wait and see if they can find a way back. I’m always free to talk about chess. And Go…I think I can remember a few good games. Hold on. Do we have a good Go board? I should get one made.”
She got up. The inn’s guests sighed. The show was over. And as if on cue, Numbtongue wandered down the stairs, yawning and scratching at a few recently-healed bites on his legs. He stopped when he saw the crowd.
“Morning. What’s that?”
He pointed at the blue fruit juice. Erin beamed.
“Blue fruit juice! Want some?”
The Hobgoblin looked dubious, but he accepted the drink and downed some of it. Instantly his eyes brightened. He had another cup as Erin explained where she’d gotten it and gave him a summary of what had just happened. The [Bard] didn’t seem disappointed to have missed Olesm, but after a few second’s thought, he grabbed some of the letters to read himself. No one stopped him.
Lyonette was counting the coin from her recent sales. She looked around, and then came to a second decision.
“Ishkr—no, actually, Numbtongue, can you do me a favor?”
The Goblin and Gnoll looked up. Lyonette gestured towards the magic door that Ceria was recharging.
“The door’s got only a bit of energy left, but it should recharge in an hour. And it’s got enough for a few teleportations. So…Numbtongue, can you bring a door out to the orchard and find a place for it? That way we’ll spare the trip and danger collecting the fruits from now on.”
Erin’s eyes brightened with delight.
“Ooh. A door right next to the orchard? That would make everything so much easier! But why Numbtongue and not Ishkr?”
“Numbtongue can call down lightning bolts. Ishkr, set the door to his stone just in case. Numbtongue, do you mind?”
The [Bard] eyed his drink and shook his head.
“Easy. I’ll do it.”
The Hobgoblin grabbed his guitar and a blue fruit on the way out. Lyonette followed him, pointing the orchard’s direction out for Numbtongue.
“Just use your emergency door for now. I’ll order a…door from Liscor or Celum.”
