6.28
Page 15
He nodded and ambled out. Erin smiled. That was another thing. Numbtongue was so casual. He talked, he did his thing—and he belonged here. And Lyonette certainly didn’t hesitate to ask him to lift something or help her out.
Erin got out a Go board and the stones and put them on a table. She remembered her magical chessboard and inspected it.
“No moves since last time. But that’s okay. We don’t play too often. I wonder if my opponent’s bored? I’m not. Just busy.”
Despite having more time on her hands, Erin just didn’t play chess as much as she had at some points in her life. There was an entire Walled City to see. And besides, a few games every other day was good enough. It wasn’t like she was obsessed. But for Olesm’s newsletter, Erin was only too happy to begin recreating some devilishly hard Go games and chess matches.
Ironically, it was that which killed almost all interest in her. The inn patrons returned to watching the play, while Ksmvr and two of the guests who liked chess watched Erin with pure fascination. She was happily explaining a game to them when the door opened and Numbtongue strolled through. He wiped his feet on the rug and tossed a blue fruit at Lyonette.
“Done.”
“Wow! That was fast!”
Erin looked up. Numbtongue gave Erin a long look.
“It’s been thirty minutes.”
“It has?”
Mrsha was asleep in the seat next to her. Erin looked at the chess board.
“Huh.”
Then she went back to explaining chess to her small audience. Lyonette treated Numbtongue to a bowl of chewy pretzels and mayonnaise as a thank-you, and Ceria yawned, mana spent and tired. Yvlon got up as the Players of Celum began a run-through of Macbeth.
“I’m going to do some training in the Adventurer’s Guild. Ksmvr, will you join me?”
“I am being fascinated, Yvlon. I fear I must decline.”
Ksmvr waved a hand at Yvlon. She nodded and ambled through the door to Celum. Erin stayed where she was, smiling. She had some blue fruit juice, she was playing chess, and she had just seen the pawn on the magic chessboard move experimentally.
The crisis with Olesm was over. She had blue fruits, acid flies might be on the way, and Erin had games to play, and a cake to bake. Pisces and Olesm might come back tonight and in that case Erin would have fun teaching them some more strategy and seeing what they’d wrote.
That was her day. And it was a fine day. It would have happened almost just like that too, but for a strange thing. Five minutes after Yvlon had left, she thrust the door open.
“Hey. There’s a huge crowd in Liscor. It looks like some kind of protest! Anyone know what it’s about? It looks like Krshia’s leading it!”
She said it to the room, but her eyes went straight to Erin at her table. The young woman paused in moving a spectral chess piece and looked up.
“Who, me? I didn’t do it.”
Ceria, Mrsha, Lyonette, and Ishkr all turned to look at Erin. Numbtongue poked his head down the stairwell with his bowl of pretzels in one hand. The Players of Celum and other guests turned to stare. Erin raised her hands.
“It wasn’t me! Honest!”
She hesitated and rolled her eyes up for a second.
“I…think.”
And in fact, for once the event had nothing to do with Erin. It had been started by people who had no intention of involving her, and nothing in her inn or any of her actions had started it, in any direct sense of the world. It was happening outside of Erin’s inn and outside of her ability to influence the situation greatly.
It was a novel situation.
 
—-
 
