6.28
Page 2
Mrsha and Lyonette sat down on the grass and watched as Erin began cartwheeling across the small hilltop. Aside from the inn, the hill had room for a few outhouses, a sign, and little else.
The inn was still partly-destroyed from the Goblin Lord’s attack on Liscor. The third floor and tower were gone. But the second floor and ground floor had been all fixed up. It looked a bit ramshackle, but if you focused only on the bottom, it was quite nice. And Erin Solstice, the [Innkeeper], laughed in the spring air outside of her inn.
“Whee! Whohoo! Yeah! Watch me! Hold on. I’m getting sick.”
She paused to steady herself. Her stomach wasn’t pleased. Erin put a hand on one of the walls of her inn.
“Whoof. Is this what getting old’s like?”
“I wouldn’t know.”
Lyonette grinned as Erin turned to glare at the eighteen-year old girl and Mrsha, who was six. Erin shook a fist.
“Just you wait. You’ll be twenty before you know it! Or twenty one. My birthday’s coming up and it’s getting close to summer!”
“We’ll throw you a party. And Mrsha will cut up your cake so it’s nice and easy to swallow. She’ll even help you with the icing, right, Mrsha?”
Lyonette tickled Mrsha. The Gnoll wriggled and yelped silently. She squirmed out of Lyonette’s grip and raced away. Erin laughed.
“Let’s do a flip next! Hey, I bet I can—no, wait. I can’t. But Lyonette can do one with her fancy Skill!”
“You’ll have to wait four hours until that. Mrsha, you can run about, but remember, you can’t leave the hill! It’s dangerous and you’ll get mud all over your paws and fur!”
The Gnoll paused as she scampered towards the edge of the hill facing Liscor. She looked back and put a paw over the edge, staring at Lyonette. The [Princess] frowned.
“Mrsha. Don’t you dare.”
Mrsha weighted the odds of disobedience and grudgingly drew her paw back. Erin smiled as she crept over. She leapt and snagged Mrsha. The Gnoll thrashed wildly in delight.
“Gotcha! Let’s play tag, Mrsha!”
A big smile came over Mrsha’s face. She nodded rapidly. Lyonette sighed.
“I have to manage the inn. You two have fun. But please don’t get all muddy!”
“Yes, Mom!”
Erin raced after Mrsha, laughing. Then she stopped. She frowned and looked up suddenly.
“Mom?”
Mrsha’s slowed. She turned around. Lyonette bit the inside of her cheek. But her gaze was fixed on both Erin and Mrsha. Because Erin’s face had suddenly gone blank. Both the Gnoll and the young woman hesitated. Erin Solstice stared up at the sky. And for a moment, Lyonette saw her expression cloud. Then she shook her head and the smile returned.
“Whatever. Hey, this isn’t large enough to play tag in and we don’t have enough people! Liscor’s all mud and rain, but at least we’ve got grass, right Mrsha? Lots of it! But I bet Celum has a lot more.”
She looked at Mrsha. The Gnoll nodded and smiled, and her tail wagged a bit. Lyonette sighed in relief. She walked back towards the inn as Erin decided to give Mrsha a piggyback ride instead. She paused at the open door to the inn to look around.
Springtime for Liscor. It was actually a disgusting sight. The hill that The Wandering Inn stood on was indeed lush, where the grass and other plants had yet to reclaim the mostly muddy Floodplains around Liscor. No matter where Lyonette looked, she only saw brown mud and dirt, with sparse patches of color where the plants were regrowing. But the valleys were still full of thickening mud. And aside from Liscor’s drab walls, the mountains were the only distinct contrast in the background.
