6.28
Page 20
The walls were closing in. And the walls were made of bodies, of scales and fur. Stales looked around wildly for any sign of escape. He found one and jumped for it.
“Ask—ask Watch Captain Zevara! Yes, she’s the Watch Captain of the City. She can field any requests.”
The crowd looked at each other. Regisav shook his head sadly. He hadn’t gotten up from his seat.
“She’s put out a public announcement that the Watch has no part in the Council’s decisions beyond enforcement. She’s also said that she’d support and help enforce an election. Even for her own position. You didn’t hear?”
He had not. Stales closed his eyes. He was going to kill Watch Captain Zevara. If he ever got back to the Council, he’d—he’d—put forwards some kind of motion for censure! What was the precedent for disciplining Watch Captains? Well, Stales was going to do some research and find out for once. He snapped at last.
“I’m not—look, we have a meeting every week. I’m not the one responsible for all of the decisions! It’s a collective decision! A vote! It’s out of my claws, get it? Now, please, I have to be going.”
He turned around. Drakes stared at him. Stales put his hands out to push and thought better. One of the Drakes tapped a claw to her chin. She was the [Waitress].
“But the Council’s what, eight people? See here, you have a vote. You’re one eighth of the Council. Would you support an election? Or put the idea before the Council yourself? That’s all I want to know.”
Stales hesitated.
“I can’t decide that. It’s got to be a majority decision. I can’t just give—”
He looked around, hunted. The [Waitress] propped her claws on her hips.
“Why not? All we want to know is what you, personally, would do. Not what the Council does.”
“I—I—”
This had never happened. Stales was hyperventilating. When the previous Councilmember, the former head of the Merchant’s Guild had told him about the position, he’d described it as just a series of boring meetings. He’d never hinted to Stales that he’d ever be surrounded and asked these sorts of questions! He was a Council member! He shouldn’t be subjected to this!
“What’s your opinion? Yes or no on elections? No Gnolls in the Council? Yes?”
Regisav was pushing Stales. The others were watching, calling out questions. The [Merchant] spun, and a desperate sentence escaped his lips.
“Of course! Of course I’d support Gnolls on the Council. Elections! Why not? We could try it.”
The mood of the crowd instantly…relaxed. They started murmuring, and Stales saw his chance to escape. He began to push through the crowd, taking advantage of the lull. Right up until he heard the voice from the Gnoll.
“You hear that? He supports it! That’s one fifth of the votes right there for a majority! Let’s tell Honored Krshia! Spread the word, Councilman Stales says yes to elections!”
“Wait, you can’t do that!”
Stales spun around. He began to panic, but it was too late. Already someone was calling it out.
“Councilman Stales says he would allow an election for the Council seats! That’s at least one vote right there! What do the other Councilmembers have to say?”
“Wait, wait! Don’t shout that! I haven’t decided! Not entirely!”
Stales screamed desperately. The crowd twisted back on him. Regisav the [Butcher] looked incredulous.
“But you just said yes! Wait, were you lying?”
“No, no…”
