6.28
Page 8
“We can sell your blue fruit drinks for a big profit, I think. Especially since no one else in Liscor seems willing to harvest blue fruits.”
Pisces, sitting close to them, leaned over.
“Because they’re a deadly poison. The amount of toxins in one fruit core could kill you quite, quite dead even with a healing potion! I’ve told Erin this time and time again. The fact that none of us have perished yet is a statistical anomaly, not a cause for complacency!”
He stared at the three females. Mrsha rubbed her nose. Erin rolled her eyes and Lyonette took Pisces’ words to heart. Pisces stared at them, then sat back up right and raised his empty cup.
“Another blue fruit beverage, if you would be so kind. I will admit that the sacchariferous nature of the drink makes it quite refreshing.”
“Me too. I love this stuff. Tree rot, I’d forgotten how good it was!”
Ceria sighed as she sipped from her cup. Yvlon looked mildly appalled as she watched both get big refills from one of the Drake [Servers].
“I’d forgotten how sweet this is. It’s okay for me. No more, thank you. Do you have any water?”
She pushed her cup back. Ksmvr gently vibrated in his seat as he reached for the pitcher.
“I believe I am experiencing a sugar overload. I will have another, thank you.”
Lyonette gently motioned and the female [Server] drew back before Ksmvr could help himself. She turned to Erin.
“Do you have a price set? Or can I choose one?”
Erin shook her head.
“I dunno. You charge what you want for it, Lyonette. And we should start putting out those acid fly traps I told you about. Remember? No, wait. You don’t. You came after the acid flies!”
The [Princess] frowned.
“I’ve seen those green things buzzing around with all the dead fish and mud. That’s money too?”
“It is. I’ll tell you all about them! And my traps! I sold this horrible face-eating acid stuff for a lot of money to adventurers!”
Lyonette’s eyes lit up. The idea of selling acid in jars sounded dangerous, and the concept of farming flies was gross. But she could get behind the idea of money. The idea of acid flies filled her with avarice, rather than disgust. Okay, and a bit of disgust. She snapped her fingers together, thinking of a good spot for the traps. Not too close to the inn; Mrsha might get hurt.
“I’ll take care of it. And—Pisces, it’s six copper coins per cup! Got it?”
She looked at Pisces. He yelped.
“Six copper—that is sheer robbery, Miss Lyonette! Sheer, pure, theft of—”
Ceria slapped the [Necromancer] on the shoulder.
“Pisces, you’re rich now. You can afford the drinks. Remember?”
“Oh. In that case, I’ll take a sealed container of the drink, if you would. And some snacks for my room.”
Lyonette rolled her eyes. She looked back at Erin, doing some quick calculations.
“Six for now. If we sell just thirty four cups or a few pitchers, we’re up an entire gold coin, Erin.”
“Ooh. That’s a lot more than I charged. I think. Yeah, I used to charge two copper coins. Wow.”
Erin shook her head. Lyonette bit her lip.
“No wonder you never made money, Erin. You need to be competitive.”
The young woman paused. She screwed up her face and then gave it a resigned shake.
“But what if they complain? Or it’s too expensive? I’d feel awful. I’m no good at being mean.”
“Well, I can be mean. Peon.”
Lyonette smiled and Erin laughed. The [Princess] glanced down at Mrsha. The Gnoll was dozing in her arms.
“You need a nap, Mrsha. Too much excitement already.”
She lifted the sleepy Gnoll up and looked at Erin.
