6.28
Page 23
Lism studied his claws as he spoke, nonchalantly. But he look he gave Krshia was anything but. And he got some nods in the crowd. Not as many and not from any Gnolls, but some. Krshia gritted her teeth.
“I did not say the Council has done nothing—”
“That’s what you just said, Silverfang. They did nothing.”
“Well, perhaps it was the City Watch and adventurers who did the work while the Council made no changes!”
The Gnoll snapped back. Lism raised his brows.
“And what should they have done? They let the adventurers and the City Watch do their job. How is that a fault? Should the Council run about slaying Face-Eater Moths themselves?”
His words provoked chuckles. Krshia cursed Lism as she flushed and regained her footing. When she spoke, she ignored Lism’s question and stuck to her script.
“I say the Council has not done enough. That is what I am saying, Lism. And if I were on the Council, I would do more! I have put suggestions before them, tried to get their attention and been ignored! So! I am telling all you what I would do instead, since Liscor’s Council will not listen to me!”
Krshia turned her back on Lism and felt his scowl. She spread her paws, speaking and sincerely and as clearly as possible.
“If I were on the Council, I would put a tax on adventurers entering the dungeon and use the money to expand the Adventurer’s Guild. I would give more funds to the City Watch, to empower them to fight any foe that threatens Liscor in the future! The Council has not done either of these things, but if there were elections and I were elected, I would make that happen!”
Krshia watched the reactions of her audience. They perked their ears up, or looked at each other approvingly. But that was just the opening. Krshia took a breath.
“Not only that. One of the crucial issues is the soaring rent. You know it. I know it. We all pay more because Liscor is full. That is why, I say to you all now. If I was on the Council, I would solve this issue of rent. I would expand Liscor’s walls.”
A hush. And then a shout of incredulity from Lism and questions and noise from the crowd. Krshia raised her paws.
“Think on it. Liscor can hold less than a hundred thousand souls when bursting to capacity. And we are an important city, a gateway, but think of how small Liscor is! Have you not heard people of the Walled City calling Liscor a backwater? How long have these walls stayed the same? Liscor cannot grow larger than our walls. But we are not Rock Crabs, yes?”
She got several nods before Lism burst out. The [Shopkeeper] was furious as he pointed a claw at Krshia.
“You can’t expand the walls, you idiot! They’re enchanted! They’ve been here for centuries!”
“Why not? They are still just stone. Enchanted stone. But that can be built, surely?”
Lism opened his mouth furiously and hesitated. Krshia jumped in.
“Before the Second Antinium Wars, Liscor had many smaller villages around the Floodplains. Why not build more? And, I know this from the records, Liscor was not always this size! It too was built! The walls expanded twice before reaching this size! I say, why not expand them again? Why not build more walls, more houses? Why not?”
“Because—because of the cost! And because it’s not needed! We’ve had these walls for decades! At least!”
Lism faltered. But he hadn’t prepared for this debate and Krshia had. She grinned at him and felt the malice coming off him.
