6.28
Page 12
“Yeah. I wrote it. I just thought—I know what you must think, Erin. And I thought you were right! Sort of. At least at the battle, I thought, if we had tried some other tactic, or if we’d had any framework for peace—I just suggested using Goblins as a deterrent for other monsters! I proposed hypotheticals in which they could be treated as something other than monsters. And I got…”
He waved a hand weakly at the letters. Erin picked up another. This one said that if Olesm ever made it to the Drake’s city, he would be beaten. The next one was from a Human. It was no less vitriolic. Erin shook her head. She looked at Olesm.
“You actually wrote that Goblins aren’t monsters? And you didn’t expect people to jump down your throat and try to pull your stomach out?”
Ceria looked skeptically at Olesm. He glared at her with one red eye.
“I thought they’d understand my point, Ceria! These are supposed to be [Strategists]! Can’t they accept an idea? Instead, they hate me. It’s over. No one’s ever going to read my newsletter again. I’m going to be a pariah in every city in the world.”
He collapsed into his seat. Yvlon rolled her eyes.
“Don’t be dramatic. They’re not all bad. This one thinks you’re hilarious. Have a read.”
She flicked a letter at Olesm. He grabbed for it and read. His face only grew more morose.
“So I’m a joke as well as a traitor and an idiot. Wonderful.”
He slumped back over and drained his entire cup. Erin stared at the second letter. She shook her head.
“So they didn’t like it. Not all of them hated it. And—maybe your ideas did suck.”
This time everyone stared at her. Erin looked around.
“What? Maybe they did.”
“You’re the last person I’d ever expect to hear that from, Erin.”
Ceria gave Erin a very long look. The [Innkeeper] sighed.
“Olesm’s writing to [Strategists]. Maybe his proposals sucked. Strategically. You know? I know about magazines and being good at something. I used to make fun of idiots who wrote in the chess stuff I read. This letter says that Olesm didn’t think his arguments out or use facts. I get that. It doesn’t mean his ideas weren’t right. Just that he didn’t cite his sources and stuff. See?”
She passed the letter to Olesm. He began to read gloomily. But then his expression grew more intent. Erin looked around.
“Hey, everyone grab a letter. They’re not all bad, are they?”
“This one’s not.”
Lyonette passed one to Erin. She read it.
“‘Too much personal opinion. Not enough chess. I didn’t sign up for that, thanks.’ Lyonette, this isn’t nice.”
“It’s not super bad. And they say they want more chess, right?”
“Indeed. This one advises Olesm to ‘stick to what he knows’. Heh.”
Pisces chortled. Ksmvr waved another letter.
“This one seems the least hostile. Miss Erin. Come see.”
He handed Erin a letter. She read it. It wasn’t so much a letter as a pair of sentences.
 
I don’t agree about the Goblins. But keep up the good work.
 
There was no sender or address. There were, however, four gold coins stuck to the back of the letter. Erin nearly dropped the letter in shock. When she showed Olesm the letter, the Drake’s head snapped up and his eyes went wide.
“What? That can’t be right. That’s a bribe to have the City Runner hit me over the head or something. Isn’t it?”
“It came with the letter and you don’t have a bruise. I think it’s for you. And—look. Here’s another.”
Ishkr had another letter which Erin read out loud.
