6.28
Page 3
And yet, the area around the hill was verdant. And the culprit responsible for that was sitting next to Erin, tail innocently wagging as she panted excitedly. Erin picked Mrsha up and twirled her, laughing.
“Who’s the best little [Mage] ever? You are! Yes, you are! Did Moore teach you how to do this?”
Mrsha shook her head and reached for her little wand strapped to her side. She waved it excitedly and Erin leaned back before she got an eye poked out.
“All by yourself? Well, don’t work too hard. But you did very good! Maybe I should give my [Gardener] a raise?”
She laughed as the Gnoll’s ears perked up. Lyonette watched as Erin handed Mrsha a copper coin and Mrsha, as serious as any Gnoll with money, spirited it away in the tiny pouch she now carried around her neck.
So there sat Erin Solstice, playing with Mrsha. Weeks had passed since the days when she hid in her rooms. And even if the sun was occasionally lost for the clouds and rain, those days had passed. The eternal rain around Liscor had ended. And things were looking up.
Better and better. Lyonette walked back into the inn. And it was Lyonette who straightened her apron and checked for grass stains. Her red hair was tied back with a handkerchief, and it was a familiar eye that Lyonette ran over the guests in her inn. Because it was her inn.
For now. Erin was on break. She still cooked and helped with some tasks, but she often went into Pallass. Or just walked around Celum, or played with Mrsha. She needed it. And Lyonette needed this.
“Not too busy. Drassi, can you make a run into Liscor? Erin’s thinking of trying to make more egg drop soup. And she uses a lot of eggs. I think she’s being too literal.”
“Can do, Lyonette!”
A Drake happily saluted and abandoned her table-cleaning duty. Lyonette nodded to the [Barmaid], then raised a finger.
“You have one hour.”
“Aw. Okay, fine. I’ll be back!”
Drassi pouted, but she and Lyonette knew that an hour was more than enough. And given the chance, the [Gossip] would have happily spent three hours chatting with everyone she met in the market and on the way back. She headed towards the magic door. Lyonette turned her attention past her.
“I’m telling you, Pisces. It may not be ‘economical’, but these guarding contracts are worth good money. We can do a few and come away with gold. What’s your issue?”
She saw a group of adventurers sitting at one of her tables. Pisces, Yvlon, Ceria, and Ksmvr were all sitting together, arguing. They too were a fixture of the inn. Pisces raised one finger as he sat back, nursing a cup of water.
“They may be worth more money as a whole package, but as I explained twice, Ceria, the pay-per-hour is far, far less reasonable than we would earn hunting monsters. Moreover, we do not level any of our classes when we guard our clients. In most cases. It’s more efficient to hunt down monsters rather than waste time on fruitless idle work.”
“You just don’t like standing around. You could read while we did it, you know. We don’t all have to be on guard duty all the time. It’s good pay.”
“I do not mingle well with most of our esteemed clientele.”
Yvlon sighed.
“That’s because you sneer at them, Pisces. Look, until we get better requests by going north or getting that door to Invrisil open, we can’t do monster hunting all the time. We’re wiping out the local jobs. We’ll have to go to Ocre or Wales soon.”
“Yes. Our efficiency is a cause for great distress in the other teams. Another sign of dominance.”
That came from Ksmvr. Lyonette snorted gently and Ceria and Pisces laughed. Yvlon sighed.
