6.28
Page 6
Both Lyonette and Mrsha sat up. They stared at Erin. She looked at them.
“We couldn’t in winter. But it is spring. Right? They were the first things I ever ate here. And I bet the trees are still there.”
“Could be.”
Lyonette blinked. Blue fruits? She had no idea…no, wait, she did remember Erin moaning about not having any. Erin got to her feet. She looked at Mrsha.
“Want to go for a walk?”
The Gnoll grinned. Lyonette hesitated.
“Put your boots on first, Mrsha. And no running on all fours! And Erin, remember to take some emergency items.”
“Yes, Mom!”
 
—-
 
And there they were. Blue fruits, hanging from the pale grey trees. The bright, rounded shapes were unnaturally colorful in the muddy valley. Mrsha and Erin’s boots splashed in the bottom layer of congealing mud. Both Gnoll and young woman were slightly muddy; it had been a dirty trek. But it was worth it. Erin breathed out as she stared up at the blue fruit trees.
“Oh wow. So that’s why they’re impossible to knock down. They were under water!”
The valley of blue fruit trees had indeed been under water. When the rains had come, this entire area had been submerged, Erin was sure. Now, as the sun and air slowly dried the area, higher valleys like this were nearly dry. Still, Erin was fascinated that none of the blue fruit trees had collapsed. She was sure the mud and draining water might have shifted a lot of the landscape. Why hadn’t the trees been toppled? She walked around one, staring up at the tall branches.
“Must have some kind of…incredible root system. And the ability to photosynthesize under water? Can trees hold their breath? No—wait—do they need to breathe?”
Mrsha looked blankly up at Erin. The young woman stroked her chin.
“Well, I was bad at biology anyways. And look! They’ve got blue fruits! Well, hm—those are black.”
She pointed at some of the fruits higher up. Mrsha squinted and nodded. The smaller fruits on the limbs were black, wrinkled, not nearly as lush or round as the lower-hanging, earliest blue fruits.
“So the fruits aren’t ripe until they’re blue. And they’ve got those big, poison seeds. Don’t bite any until we get to the inn, Mrsha. I’m serious. I think I got poisoned once and I threw up. Pisces said they’re deadly and he’s right sometimes.”
Mrsha nodded seriously. She eagerly waved the basket she’d carried. Erin laughed.
“Yes, yes! We can get some! Let’s see. I normally just kick the trees and wait for the fruits to drop. But ick. And that sometimes makes the cores break. Why don’t we do it like this? Mrsha, you get a ride on my shoulders. Can you reach them?”
The Gnoll nodded. After shucking her boots, she stood on Erin’s shoulders and began plucking fruits. Erin kept her steady and the Gnoll filled the basket. Although she had to stop every few seconds to glance down at Erin for reassurance that Erin was holding on tight. Mrsha really didn’t like heights, or cartwheels or anything that altered her sense of gravity.
Erin wondered if that was a difference between her species and Mrsha’s ancestors. Humans evolved from apes, right? What did Gnolls evolve from? Hyenas? Erin bet there was a video of a monkey doing a cartwheel. Right? There had to be one.
The orchard was bigger than Erin remembered. Or rather, looking at it now and all the budding fruits hanging off the tall limbs, Erin was sure that it could provide the inn with enough fruits all year if the trees kept producing into the fall. Especially with her [Field of Preservation] Skill. The only thing was that Erin didn’t remember there being nearly so many fruits when she’d first found this place.
