6.28
Page 4
“Ceria, don’t encourage Ksmvr. I told you, Ksmvr, it’s not polite to say that to the other adventurers in the guild.”
“Keep doing it, Ksmvr.”
The Antinium’s head swung back and forth between Yvlon and Pisces. He wavered, then turned to Yvlon.
“I will not do so in the future, Yvlon.”
“Traitor. Is it so wrong to mock the teams, which, might I remind you, conspired to jail all of us and then attempted to usurp our mission? We may have struck a nonaggression pact, but I personally believe—”
“Shut up, Pisces.”
The adventurers laughed again. They sat back easily and Lyonette saw Ishkr pass them with a tray of drinks. He was heading towards the back of the inn. And when she turned her attention and ears there, another conversation became audible. Or rather, a soliloquy.
“Is this a dagger which I see before me,
The handle toward my paw? Come, let me clutch thee.
I have thee not, and yet I see thee still.”
On the stage, watched by a few scattered tables of early morning guests was a Gnoll. He stood on stage, grasping at a dagger before him. Macbeth, staring at a very real dagger being held up on a string, paused in his delivery of the soliloquy and coughed. An impatient voice yelled from behind the curtain.
“Cut! What’s wrong this time, Yimur?”
The Gnoll looked apologetic as the other [Actors] appeared. Two of the audience members sitting at the tables booed; the Players of Celum took no notice. The ten or so veteran Human actors and new aspiring cast of Drakes, Gnolls, and Humans crowded around the lead Gnoll.
“Sorry. It’s just that…hrr, it’s these lines, Director Temile. I do not know if this is all too fitting for a Gnollish Macbeth. You see, I agree with the changing of ‘hand’ to ‘paw’, but this dagger? It makes no sense, yes?”
He scratched at one red-brown, furry ear as he spoke to Temile, the lead direct and [Actor] now that the main cast had left Celum for the north. The man scrubbed a hand through his hair impatiently.
“It makes no sense. Why not? It’s a dagger. Macbeth is staring at it. What’s there to wonder about?”
Yimur spread his paws out helplessly.
“If it is a dagger, why does Macbeth have a hard time seeing it? Even if it is pitch-black, he should be able to see it if he can make it out. Gnolls have very good eyesight. I understand that a Human might not have an issue, but if I see a dagger, I know it’s a dagger, yes?”
He looked around. The other Gnolls nodded along with some of the Drakes. Temile groaned.
“It’s meant to be a metaphor. Look, Erin explained it to me once. This fellow, who you’re playing—”
“Macbeth.”
One of the Drakes added in helpfully. Temile turned to glare.
“Yes, Macbeth. Whose part you were selected to play before all the others, by the way, Yimur. He’s staring at a dagger. In his mind. Alright? We’ll get rid of the prop. Or maybe we’ll say it’s an illusion spell. But he doesn’t know it’s a dagger, see? He’s wondering if he’s gone crazy.”
“Even so, if it were a Gnoll, he would know what he sees. Why does he have to wonder? I know that’s a dagger. And that’s a spoon. And that’s a cup. Why would I waste words wondering, even if my mind is playing tricks on me?”
“So would Drakes. We know daggers. We’re not all crazy like you Humans.”
The non-Human cast agreed. Temile clutched at his hair.
“It’s an illusion in the mind! Madness! He’s thinking to himself, alright? And if you want to be Macbeth, you’ll start imagining a dagger too! Take it from the top!”
Temile stomped back behind the curtain. Lyonette watched as Yimur the Gnoll disconsolately took his position again. The Gnoll stared at the air and gasped.
