6.28
Page 1
“Can’t you fall down once or twice? That’s unfair!”
Lyonette sniffed, raising her brows in an imitation of Pisces.
“What, and descend to the level of you peasants? Besides, it’s convenient. I can learn how to do something right once and never have to worry about it again. Like my poached eggs. Or learning how to flip pancakes. Or riposting in my sword lessons from Yvlon and Pisces.”
“Yeah, but—but I can’t do that.”
Erin sighed mournfully. She glanced at Lyonette as the girl raised her arms to encourage Mrsha. The Gnoll child was wobbling a bit on her two feet, although she could walk when she needed to without issue.
“I’ll trade you my uh…[Alcohol Immunity] Skill for your [Flawless attempt].”
“No thanks.”
“I’ll throw in [Lesser Endurance]? And [Quick Recovery]?”
“You have your rare Skills, I have mine. If you could trade, I’d take your [Wondrous Fare] Skill for it and nothing less.”
“Ooh…”
Lyonette turned to smile at Erin. Then both watched as Mrsha raised her arms, frowning hard. The Gnoll cub tried to imitate Erin, but only managed a slow somersault. Erin laughed.
“You nearly did it! Come on. Let me help you.”
Like her gym instructor had once done, Erin helped lift Mrsha’s legs as the Gnoll went through the cartwheel.
“Look? See? It’s not hard at all.”
Erin said that, but she noticed how uneasy Mrsha looked when she was upside down. Lyonette, watching, flicked some hair out of her face.
“You say this is from your world, Erin. Do people do that all the time?”
“Well, only the athletic ones. I haven’t done it in ages, but I saw the grass and…”
Erin waved a hand. Lyonette nodded. Mrsha kicked her legs to make sure Erin was holding them tight.
“Don’t worry, Mrsha. Erin won’t let go. It’s not dangerous, see?”
“Yeah! The worst you could do is cartwheel and hit your head or something. Or roll down the hill.”
A finger poked Erin in the back, hard. Mrsha looked up anxiously.
“Ignore Erin. And on that note, I’ve never seen anyone I knew personally do cartwheels, Erin. Maybe they did in the towns or villages, but only [Tumblers] and other entertainers would do that. I’ve never seen a [Knight] or [Warrior] pull that off. I wonder if it’s a defensive move?”
“I…don’t think so?”
Erin tried to imagine Ceria or Yvlon cartwheeling out of the way of an attack. She shrugged.
“It’s just for fun. What’re you worried about, Mrsha? I’ve got you!”
“I don’t think Gnolls do acrobatics. I could see Garuda doing this, or String People. But some species aren’t built for it. Imagine a Drake trying this? With the tail? Or a Dullahan.”
Erin laughed.
“Yeah! I should show Maughin! Or Pelt! Maybe that would make him laugh.”
So saying, she patted her belt and felt a leather sheathe against her fingers. Erin adjusted her personal kitchen knife, and caught Mrsha as the Gnoll warily did a handstand and promptly fell forwards.
“Easy! It’s not hard, Mrsha. Although maybe a handstand would be simpler. But I bet you can do it. Want to try one on your own?”
Mrsha shook her head vigorously. But after four more slow cartwheels, she did give it a try. Erin and Lyonette applauded wildly and Mrsha raced around, looking delighted. Lyonette bent down and Mrsha hopped into her arms.
“You have to learn to do that so you can show Krshia. She’ll be very impressed. Right, Erin?”
“Exactly! And I’ll show Maughin! Hey Mrsha, did you know you can do multiple cartwheels? Well, Lyonette spoiled that. But watch me!”
Erin took a breath and inhaled the fresh, cool air with delight. She stared up at the blue sky, the bright sun, and beamed.
“It’s springtime! Here I go!”
