6.28
Page 22
She tapped her chest. This provoked a few howls, similar to cat calls but much deeper, in the crowd. The Drakes looked around, but Krshia didn’t sense a lot of distrust of the idea. Just curiosity.
“And how does that help the Council? We get Gnolls who do nothing, instead of just Drakes?”
Someone called out, and laughter followed. Krshia wondered if there was a [Heckler] class. Probably, yes. She grinned in the direction of the shouter.
“No. The Council should be made up of those who will pass laws. Who will change the city. So why should the Council replace itself? Would it not be better if, instead, the city chose its Council this year?”
She may have been too roundabout in her statement. The crowd digested what Krshia meant and then someone called out incredulously.
“An election? Like some kind of democracy? You have to be joking! We’re not those loons in Pallass!”
That provoked the most unified head-nodding yet. Krshia bared her teeth desperately. She’d had to sell them on this twice. And she was a good [Shopkeeper]. She could do it again!
“Would you want the army appointing the Council? Or the existing Council to replace itself? How else would you choose a Council?”
No one had an easy answer for that. Which was the point. Krshia waved a paw at them.
“Elections are strange, yes? But think of it. We could choose our own Council. We could choose eight of our best, rather than eight Drakes many of us have never heard of. Who here knows the name of a single Council member? Anyone?”
The crowd waited. And there was no response. Krshia, who knew the names of all eight, nodded slowly.
“You see? But if we elected a Council, we would know what they would vote for. Where they would stand. You would get a Council that acts, yes? And if some Gnolls were to be part of the Council, well, it would be because they were trusted by all. Is that not so?”
“So you want an election. To choose the next Council.”
Someone near the front raised their voice. Krshia bowed slightly to an older Drake.
“Yes, sir. A fair election. Gnolls and Drakes both compete for a seat on the Council. Nothing is gained that is not deserved. Is that not an idea worth considering?”
The people of Liscor looked at each other. And some were nodding. Krshia had a moment of hope as she saw a few more figures join near the back. And then, from behind her, she heard a mocking tone.
“Gnolls have lived in Liscor for about a decade. Your people were a tiny minority until then, Silverfang. Now you strut in and demand a voice when we Drakes built this city and have lived in it for centuries! How is that fair, Krshia?”
The slightly hissing, indignant voice was familiar. As was the glaring expression. The tight-lipped smile. And he was standing on his own stall too. Krshia glared.
“Lism.”
“You’re disrupting my business, Silverfang.”
The [Shopkeeper] glared at Krshia. She glared back. The feud between her and Lism was well-established. If there were two top salespeople on Market Street, it was Lism and Krshia. And they got along about as well as Drakes and Gnolls had historically done.
“Why should Gnolls be part of the Council, Lism? Why should they not? What is wrong with giving the option to anyone who the city trusts?”
“Only that our Council has led the city fine until your people came along. Now you want elections? Is this a blatant power grab, or just insurrection against the city, Krshia? What’s wrong with the Council’s decisions? Last I checked, Liscor was still standing. Or is defeating the Raskghar, beating back the Humans and Goblins and those damned moths not good enough for you?”
