6.28
Page 5
“Is this a dagger which I see before me,
The handle toward my paw? Yes! Come, let me clutch thee.
I have thee not, which surely indicates an illusion spell and yet I see thee still.”
“Cut!”
Lyonette laughed. So did some of the audience. The Players of Celum weren’t ready to put on any big plays, not if the arguing cast was any indication. But they were practicing every day in the inn, day and night, and the casting call had attracted nearly a hundred applicants. And they did bring in some guests, who came just to watch the plays and the actors working out the bugs in their routine. When they finally started putting on proper plays, Lyonette expected some good business.
But the inn was still pulling in money. Not huge money, but enough. Lyonette had big plans. And as a breathless Erin came in with a tousle-haired Mrsha, Lyonette was pleased enough that she could just direct one of the Gnoll servers to bring Erin and the Gnoll some water rather than have to do it herself. Erin smiled as she came to a table and Mrsha drank thirstily from her cup.
“That was fun! How’s the crew, Lyonette?”
“Dreadful as I understand it. You want to give them some pointers?”
Erin laughed as she watched Yimur do another take of Macbeth’s soliloquy.
“No thank you! I got enough questions from Jasi and Wesle’s lot. The Players are a lot more into plays than I ever was. They’d be right at home in a class discussing all that. I’m just lucky that I got a B- in class.”
“That’s one of your scores, right?”
Lyonette tried to remember Erin’s lessons about Earth. The young woman nodded.
“It’s uh, below average. A tiny bit. Anyways, I remembered the plays thanks to my Skills. Someone else can interpret them. Whew! I’m beat. I think I’m going to do some work now. Enough grass.”
She plucked at some grass stuck to her tunic. Mrsha shook her fur and Lyonette sighed. Someone would have to clean that up. She still helped clean. But the smile on both faces was eminently worth it. She cast a glance at Erin. The day had started well. And knowing the [Innkeeper]’s new routine…
“Are you going to Pallass today? I’d like you to look for some rarer ingredients in the market if you do.”
Erin hesitated. She frowned and glanced back towards the magic door. Ishkr trotted over and changed the dial holding the magic stones. He checked all the locations for waiting guests, shrugged since there was no one, and closed the door. Erin shook her head.
“Maybe not Pallass today. I’m gonna stop bugging Rufelt and Lasica every day. Plus, I want to make some stuff to take to them. I promised I’d show Lasica my cakes! So how about it, Mrsha? Want to help me make some cakes today? If you promise not to keep stealing from the bowl, I’ll let you lick the spoons.”
Mrsha looked up and nodded rapidly. Lyonette frowned.
“Mrsha’s been gaining a bit of weight, Erin. She needed it, but no extra slices of cake. Okay?”
Mrsha shot Lyonette a betrayed look. Erin smiled.
“I promise. And it’s great weather for it. I just need to maybe get more eggs and…”
Her head turned towards the bright windows, letting in sunshine. Erin frowned. She was suddenly struck by a thought she hadn’t had in months.
“Hey. You know, it is springtime.”
“You don’t say?”
Lyonette glanced at the windows and raised her eyebrows. Erin blinked at her.
“What I mean is, it’s been spring for a while. I hear some [Farmers] are even pulling in harvests. Everything’s growing, right?”
Mrsha rotated her paws in front of her chest, twitching her ears impatiently.
Go on, go on.
Erin absently nodded.
“Right. So…I wonder if we can harvest some blue fruits?”
