6.28
Page 0

The grass was lush and green. The perfect height, which was to say, short. Not like the tall, whippy adult grass that was what real grass actually looked like. This grass was fresh. It had the kind of green quality and density that you only saw on lawns religiously tended to by their owners. It was the kind of grass that invited the viewer to walk outside barefoot, so you could wriggle your toes in it.
There was the grass. It was growing on a hilltop. And on that hilltop sat an inn. The doors flew open. A young woman raced out onto the grass. She raised her arms and then cartwheeled across the grass.
“It’s spring! Proper spring!”
A white shape bounded out the door after her. Erin Solstice laughed as Mrsha raced onto the grass and did a flying belly flop. Erin completed her cartwheel and caught herself, a bit dizzy.
“I did it! Hey Mrsha, did you see that?”
The Gnoll nodded rapidly. She raced around on Erin on all fours, then got onto two legs. She raised her arms, waving them, clearly encouraging Erin to do it again. The [Innkeeper] laughed.
“Like this, Mrsha! See? Here I go!”
She took three steps, raised her arms, and then lunged. Her body twisted down, her hands struck the ground, and to Mrsha’s amazement, Erin cartwheeled. The Gnoll’s tiny mouth popped open as Erin cartwheeled across the grass.
“Whoop—whoop! I nearly went over the edge, there! Careful!”
Erin caught herself a second time, this time from going over the edge of the hill. It would be a somewhat steep roll down the hill, and the lovely grass covering the top hadn’t managed to infest the slopes. Brown mud stared at her as she hopped back towards the inn. She spotted a figure standing in the doorway.
“Cartwheels! Want to try, Lyonette?”
The [Princess] stared at Erin, perplexed.
“I’ve never done something like that in my life. How on earth did you do that? You don’t have the [Tumbler] class, right?”
Erin hesitated.
“Do I need to? It’s just a cartwheel. Most guys can’t do it, but I learned it in gym class.”
“Oh. Another of your Earth things. You can really just do that?”
Erin propped her hands on her hips as she smiled at the younger girl.
“I bet you can do it. Come on. It’s simple. Watch. All you have to do is put your arms up, lunge, and then twist—”
She did a slower cartwheel to show Lyonette and Mrsha. It was too slow, so Erin fell down halfway through. Mrsha leapt on her, tail wagging, and Erin laughed.
“Mrsha! You’re getting heavier! Off! Lyonette, you try.”
“You’re sure you can do that?”
“You don’t need a class or a Skill for everything, Lyonette. And this is easy-peasy. Come on.”
The [Princess] looked dubious. But then she shrugged. She raised her arms.
“Okay. Like this?”
She copied Erin’s pose. Erin nodded. Lyonette took a deep breath.
“Alright. Then—”
She took five steps back, and then came out at a run. Erin opened her mouth to tell Lyonette she was going too fast, when the [Princess] did a perfect triple-cartwheel past her and Mrsha. The Gnoll and young woman gaped. Lyonette caught herself at the edge of the hill, raised her arms, and smiled.
“Done!”
She turned and Mrsha crossed her arms, shaking her head. Erin raised her voice.
“Cheater! You used your [Flawless Attempt] Skill!”
Lyonette laughed as Mrsha indignantly signed ‘not good’ to her. She held up her hands, palm out and bowed her head. ‘I’m sorry’. Then she turned to Erin.
“Well, I wanted to do it right! And now that I did it right, I can do it again. See?”
So saying, she took a step, and did a nearly-perfect cartwheel again. Erin put her hands on her hips, miffed.
