6.28
Page 21
Stales the [Merchant] waved his claws frantically. He hadn’t been lying! Well, not entirely. He would have brought it up before the Council. Maybe. And they probably would have entertained the idea for a few seconds. He’d just said that to get the crowd off his back. But having to commit to that exact idea?
Only, now the crowd was staring at Stales. And they had heard his words and worse, were taking them at face value. There was no comfortable, closed city hall meeting room where Stales could debate with the other seven Councilmembers whom he all knew, and look for the best and easiest option, or ask Olesm or Zevara for their opinions. There was no Wall Lord Ilvriss to take charge, or orders from the army. Zel Shivertail was dead.
And all Stales had were his own opinions and words in this crowd of Liscor’s people. And he would be accountable for everything he said. The Drake looked around wildly, realized there was no way out, and screamed once before fainting. Unfortunately, they were all there when he woke up.
 
—-
 
The crowd that had gathered in Market Street was no riot. It wasn’t an angry mob, or even an audience to a tragedy of spectacle that usually occurred when Erin was present. It was just a crowd, filled with listening citizens. Because the center of attention wasn’t Erin Solstice for once.
It was Krshia Silverfang. She stood on her stall’s counter, almost as if she were hawking her goods to passersby. But her stage was much larger this time, the audience more crucial. And her words had more impact than any goods she could have sold. Because this time Krshia was selling an idea.
“It’s very simple, yes? Liscor’s Council needs to be changed!”
The Gnoll was speaking to the crowd. It was the third crowd she’d addressed this morning, and it was the largest one yet. People slip in and out, some having heard what Krshia had to say, others bringing friends to listen. Liscor was, after all, a small city in the large scheme of things. And Krshia was a known face. She had a simple message too, which helped.
“The Council should be replaced. It will be replaced, yes? This is the year when the Council changes! But do we want them to choose their replacements? Do we trust the Council to make good decisions? Have they made good decisions before, I wonder?”
The crowd muttered. No one exactly leapt to the Council’s defense. Krshia nodded and went on.
“What did they do when the Raskghar attacked? Or when Liscor was under siege? It seems to me Watch Captain Zevara handled all of the work! And perhaps that is well, for a Watch Captain is in charge of a city’s security. But why then were more funds not allocated to the Watch? Why didn’t the Council begin implementing new regulations on the dungeons? Why has rent doubled, yes, doubled in some parts of the city without the Council addressing the issue?”
“Tell us, then! Why aren’t they doing anything?”
One of the Drakes called out impatiently in the crowd. Krshia gave him a bitter smile, one with lips.
“The answer, Mister Silkscale, is that the Council, this Council, does not act. It maintains. And a city that does not change becomes weak. The Council does not give more funds to Liscor’s City Watch. It does not pass new laws. It does not, in fact, do anything. Which is why many of us are fed up!”
Her words provoked a lot of nodding in the crowd. Not wild cheering; Drakes were hard to get to cheer and Gnolls even harder in many respects. But they were nodding with her. Krshia raised her voice to carry even further.
“We want a new Council. And we, the Gnolls of Liscor, want to be on it.”
