6.28
Page 18
He stared expectantly at Stales. The [Merchant] blinked and fumbled for his words, completely off-guard.
“I—where did you hear that? That’s confidential information!”
His mind raced as he wondered how this Drake had found out about the Council’s latest vote. It would be public knowledge, but—drat Watch Captain Zevara! Was she causing trouble because they’d turned down her request? It was just like those young, hot blooded female Drakes. He ground his teeth. The Council would have having words with her. He composed his face and smiled insincerely at Regisav.
“I’m sorry, Butcher Regisav, was it? I’m not at liberty to discuss the Council’s decisions myself.”
That sounded good and official. Unfortunately, it didn’t work. The viridian Drake’s brows shot up and he raised his voice.
“Oh, so you won’t discuss why the City Watch isn’t being properly funded with me? Is there some kind of big secret? It’s just a question!”
Heads began turning at the restaurant and on the street. Stales winced as he saw a couple of Drakes pause and stare.
“It’s not that! It’s just that I uh, I can’t speak for the entire Council.”
“But you all made the decision. What’s there to hide? Is it lack of money? Will the army be sending more soldiers? It’s got to be something. Come on, just tell me.”
Regisav prodded Stales. The [Merchant] was sweating.
“It’s—look, it’s a complicated issue. I could pull up all the necessary reports, but some of them are classified and it’s just not something I can get into. Here. While I’m eating?”
He tried not to sound hopeful. Regisav frowned, but to Stales’ great relief, he reluctantly nodded.
“I suppose that’s fair.”
Stales sighed. Too quickly as it turned out. Regisav edged his chair closer to the table.
“Alright then. Why aren’t you thinking about taxing Liscor’s dungeon? And why aren’t there any Gnolls on the Council?”
“What? Tax, I—who’s telling you all this!”
Stales saw to his horror that the Drakes on the street were listening close, as were some of the diners at the table. He looked around for the [Waitress], but she didn’t appear inclined to come over for the bill. Regisav pointed a thumb-claw over his shoulder.
“I heard some Gnolls talking about it. Said the Council doesn’t ever accept Gnolls or new ideas. Why aren’t we putting an entry tax on the dungeon? And why isn’t the Council doing something about rent?”
“Wait, what tax on the dungeon? We’re not taxing the adventurers?”
Someone broke in from another table. The [Butcher] turned around.
“Apparently not. And we could. That’s the thing. Blew me away when I heard it too. We’re not taxing the adventurers, even though they’re bringing in gold from the dungeon. And there’s no plans to deal with rent.”
“No plans? My [Landlady] charged me an entire silver piece more than she did last month!”
Someone on the street strode over to the table, tail lashing furiously. Stales leaned back as a young Drake practically hissed at him. Suddenly he was at the center of attention and he didn’t like it one bit. Regisav, who was now speaking for a crowd, leaned even further over the table.
“So about this tax.”
“I haven’t heard about any tax! Not one thing! Who proposed it?”
“Krshia Silverfang.”
“Who’s that?”
The [Butcher] shrugged.
“A [Shopkeeper]. I know her from Market Street. She’s pretty famous. Runs a clean shop. Good prices. I sell my meat to her—”
“Why would I know about some [Shopkeeper]’s ideas?”
Stales was outraged. That outrage stopped cold when some [Butcher] gave him a glare over the table. Regisav tapped the table with one claw.
