6.28
Page 10
“My newsletter. I—I knew it was a bad idea. But I thought—and I sent it and I didn’t get an immediate response, because I didn’t check! They were all coming in letter form. From my big clients. I didn’t even go to the Mage’s Guild. I’ve been too afraid to. I’ve been reading the replies. But—oh, Ancestors. I’m quitting. I’m never writing another newsletter again.”
Olesm collapsed into his seat, hiccupping as the scales around his cheeks turned darker. Erin looked around.
“Your newsletter? You mean, the chess magazine with the strategy? What’s wrong with it? I thought everyone loved it! Hey, a blue fruit juice over here? With gin?”
“Thank you.”
The [Strategist] snuffled as he accepted a cup. He took a big drink and blinked. He stared at the cup.
“You have blue fruit juice in again?”
“Yup. Just today. Are all those letters about your chess magazine?”
Erin stared at the letters Olesm had dropped. The Drake nodded.
“I—you know I normally do chess games and now those games of Go? Well, I had some of your old ones written up. But I thought I’d give some commentary. Just as a [Strategist]! You know? I do have the class. But the response—”
His claw indicated the pile. Ishkr dropped a bunch on the table and Erin nodded to him. She reached for one of the opened ones and stared at a long letter full of angular script.
“May I, Olesm?”
“Go ahead.”
The Drake put his head down. Erin read the letter out slowly, ignoring the screeches as the inn’s patron’s edged closer to read. Pisces unapologetically levitated a few letters towards him. Yvlon slapped his arm. Ceria grabbed a letter to read. Erin ignored both.
“‘Dear Strategist Swifttail. With respect, please eat your tail, then stand in front of a wagon so your death increases the intelligence of our species as a whole. Your commentary—I hesitate to call it an actual ‘analysis’—of Liscor’s battle with the Goblin Lord is ludicrous, ill-thought out, and frankly wrong. Moreover, it is purely unnecessary in what is meant to be an impartial commentary on chess.’”
Erin blinked. The opening of the letter looked like it had been written by someone very angry. And the contents suggested the same.
“‘Your notions about Goblins are the most ludicrous worm slime I’ve ever heard of in my life. I cannot fathom how you ever became [Strategist] for a city. Liscor is ill-served in your position, and I personally cannot bear to read your inane drivel any longer. I am unsubscribing from this newsletter. Please refrain from sending me any correspondence in the future. Strategist Beillfamt of Tullss.’ Whoa. What did you do to make him so angry?”
“Just keep reading.”
Olesm didn’t look up. Erin reached for another letter. She got two lines in this time and recoiled. There wasn’t any mention of what Olesm had done that was so egregious, but the sender was very explicit in what should be done to Olesm.
“Wow. He wants you to do what with a Creler? No, Mrsha, you can’t see.”
Erin hurriedly pushed Mrsha back. Meanwhile, at the Horns’ table, Pisces was cackling as he read through a letter. Yvlon’s lips twitched as she read from her letter.
“‘Dear Scales-for-brains’…oh my.”
Ceria read from another.
“‘To the idiot who thinks he knows strategy…’”
“This one is golden. ‘I will hunt you down and eat you alive. You have been warned!’ Ah, it’s too much! May I take some of these to read later?”
Pisces waved his letter, laughing even harder. Olesm buried his hands in his claws.
“Some of them couldn’t even be delivered. The Runner’s Guild said at least fourteen contained poison, feces, hex spells, and bugs!”
“Are there any bugs here?”
