6.28
Page 17
Until recently of course. The events of the last few months had given Stales more grey scales than he could count. The Council had been meeting almost every day near the end, and always to little gain. The Watch Captain wanted her orders and of course something had to be done. But was the Council the body to really do it?
None of them were [Politicians] or [Leaders]. It was frankly a waste of levels, which was why the Council was always made up of Guildmaster or other prominent members of Liscor’s society who rotated on a bi-yearly basis. Usually Liscor ran itself, with occasional input from the army or its Watch Captain and [Strategist]. But recently?
At least Zel Shivertail had been around. And Wall Lord Ilvriss. Stales shuddered as he sat at an outdoor restaurant and had some perfectly ordinary salad—to watch his figure. If Wall Lord Ilvriss hadn’t kindly stepped in and given his aid to the Council, who knows what might have happened? There was just no precedent for any of the disasters that had hit Liscor, from the dungeon to the Raskghar. And the Council wasn’t about to steer the boat that was the city itself, thank-you.
Stales was looking forwards to getting out of his job. He’d helped Liscor survive the worst and even potential war with the Humans and he could pat himself on the back for that. He’d appoint a successor as was the custom of the Council and the poor Drake he nominated would be in charge for two years.
Stales was already looking at his second in the Merchant’s Guild, a really outstanding young Drake who was only in his thirties. Solid, sharp. It never crossed Stale’s mind to nominate anyone outside of his Guild. The Merchant’s Guild, which was almost solely comprised of Drakes, needed a voice on the Council. Just in case. It wouldn’t do to go somewhere else and rock the boat, would it?
This was Stales Greenscale. You could sum up his life in less than a thousand words, and even that would probably be too many. He sat at a restaurant eating salad, even though greens gave him gas. And he was not prepared for anything interesting to happen to him. Unfortunately, interesting spotted him on the street, strolled over with a brisk, ‘excuse me!’ and sat down at his table.
Stales looked up, fork in his right claw as a Drake slid into the seat across from him. This Drake was interesting. He had an eye patch. His scales were a sharp viridian and he was imposing, physically and in demeanor. When he spoke, his voice was more of a bark; it had that quality that made every sentence sound like a statement.
“You there. You’re Stales Greenscale, aren’t you? I’ve been looking for you. Mind if I have a word? Regisav Sixtails. [Butcher].”
He held out a claw. Stales stared at him, but then saw the invitation for a handshake. He hesitated, but it would have been rude to refuse, so Stales shook the proffered hand.
“Er, how do you do? I’m pleased to meet you. Stales, as you know. Head of the Merchant’s Guild and [Merchant] myself.”
“Pleased. So tell me. What’s this about Liscor not funding the City Watch?”
“…Huh?”
Stales stared at Regisav. The [Butcher] leaned further over the table.
“I said, the City Watch. I hear we’re not giving Watch Captain Zevara all the funds she asked for. She plans to double the Watch. I say that’s a good idea. We need more boots on the wall. The damn army’s not here to pick up the slack. I get that—they’re earning us coin in Oteslia, but with that dungeon, we need defenders, right? Can’t let the Antinium do all the job. So why’s the Council not giving her the funds?”
