6.28
Page 13
“‘To Olesm Swifttail. I like it. None of my [Strategist] teachers liked your proposal. They’re probably sending you outraged [Messages] right now. But I wanted to say that we study strategy in Manus’s school, and all of my classmates think your strategy makes sense. Why do we have to practice the same strategy that Drakes a thousand years ago used? Ally with the Goblins? Try out new ideas? I wish you taught my school instead of these old flake-scales. Please keep writing about new and interesting things like this!’ Wow! Olesm!”
The Drake grabbed the letter and read it himself. Then he read the long one Erin had gotten. His eyes widened.
“They actually liked it? This is from students in Manus? But that’s the officer training school!”
“This one’s complimentary too. And this one.”
More letters began appearing in front of Olesm. Of course, for every good letter there were ten or sometimes twenty bad ones, but they started appearing the more Erin looked. People who hated Olesm’s guts, people who wanted him to get back to chess. Ambivalent, amused—it wasn’t all vile. Of course, the vile letters still hurt. Erin was so offended by one letter she had to burn it.
“That hurt my feelings! Wow! No one reads that, especially not you, Olesm. You’ll seriously cry.”
Pisces just laughed harder.
“A [Writer] or [Scribe] wrote that. They can make words hurt as much as stones. Ah, but this is good.”
He sipped from his drink, reading another letter. Erin glared at him.
“I’m glad you can enjoy Olesm’s pain.”
The [Necromancer] looked up sardonically.
“Why shouldn’t I? It’s not as if any of this matters.”
“It doesn’t?”
Everyone looked at him. Pisces shook his head. He scornfully tossed his letter into the fireplace.
“These are just words. Well, I suppose the letters that were trapped bear some danger. But what should Olesm care about anyone’s opinion? He is free to say what he chooses. And if he is correct, then the opinions of his peers are worth less than the barking of dogs. If he is wrong—well, he is still free to say what he wishes. But deriding an opinion is the mark of small-minded folk.”
His eyes glittered as he leaned over his table, looking at Olesm. Ceria followed Pisces silently with her head. After the [Necromancer]’s speech, the inn was silent. Olesm slowly looked up. He looked down at the letters in front of him. Then, abruptly, he rubbed at his eyes and stood.
“I’m…going to write an immediate newsletter. After I read those books. He said there were three other times when Goblins weren’t considered monsters in Liscor? And one that didn’t end in death? I’m going to find it. And do a tutorial. And—Erin, can you show me how that Shogi game worked?”
He looked at Erin. The young woman blinked.
“Of course. But you’re writing another newsletter?”
“I have to clarify my position. And put more chess into it. I’ll—I’ll attach some of the notes the Adventurer’s Guild gave me on the Raskghar too! That’s critical information! I can’t just do nothing, can I?”
Olesm grabbed at the letters. He looked around. Pisces nodded. He raised a cup and downed his drink as well before standing.
“I believe Liscor would lack the books required. But Pallass may well have the tomes you want, Olesm. Why don’t we visit the city and come back to study Erin’s games?”
The [Strategist] paused.
“You want to come with me, Pisces?”
The [Necromancer] pretended to inspect his robes.
