6.28
Page 16
In Liscor, the name of The Wandering Inn was as famous as that of the Tailless Thief. It was a place that almost everyone had heard of. Most people could point it out, even if they called it an eyesore or a ‘festering hotspot of trouble’. Of course, there were people who spoke only praise of it. And those who didn’t care.
But love it, hate it, the inn had become part of Liscor. It was known. And the young woman who ran it, Erin Solstice, was just as infamous. People recognized her on the street. That insane, loon of a Human. The girl who protected Goblins. The [Innkeeper] who’d helped destroy Skinner. Friend of the Antinium. Foe of the Raskghar. That crazy human.
And her life was full of event. So here was someone in Liscor who did not have an eventful life. He was a Drake. And his name was Stales Greenscale. He had green scales.
Nothing about Stales’ life was that extraordinary. Nor was he an extraordinary figure. Oh, he has some qualities which were out of the ordinary, but only in a mundane sense. He was not one of the Oldblood, although his great, great aunt had been gifted with vestigial wings. A source of much pride in the Greenscale family.
Stales himself though had no defining features. His scales were an olive green. He wasn’t particularly tall, although his tail was half an inch stouter than the average. Stales was proud of that fact, and worried about the slight bleaching of color in his neck spines over the years. He was in his middle ages and often dressed in less contrasting clothing to accentuate the color of his scales and spines. Because he wasn’t married. He’d always waited for the right Drake to come along (or Gnoll, you couldn’t be picky, although the fur was something to think about), but he’d never just…clicked with anyone.
So Stales was looking, but not too hard. And honestly, wasn’t he a catch? If you were into ordinary fish, he was…a trout? A good one, though. Stales was a [Merchant], the current head of Liscor’s Merchant’s Guild. And he was a wealthy Drake, at least in Liscor. That made him slightly unordinary, even influential. But unlike the more ambitious breed of [Merchant], Stales was content to make money, save it, and not put his tail on the line to earn a vast amount.
He was happy. Or at least, he thought so. Stales’ one goal in life was to find Miss Greenscale, or Greenfur, again, as the case might be. Not Greenflesh, thanks. Stales had gotten over his weird years and a body covered in skin just didn’t do it. He knew it was only a matter of time. He was a desirable candidate, after all! He was head of the Merchant’s Guild, fairly wealthy, and he was even part of Liscor’s Council.
Sometimes Stales forgot that himself. It wasn’t as if it was a brilliant job. A Councilmember earned a small stipend from the city, met once every week or more if need be, and generally made decisions that would keep Liscor running. Usually this just meant following the advice of Liscor’s [Strategist] and the army, which sent regular suggestions back.
Sometimes the Watch Captain brought forwards an issue, and the Council had to debate on what course of action was best. They always had options, and deciding between those options could get heated at times—sometimes there were even quills thrown about! But it was seldom arduous.
