6.28
Page 9
“The money will be very useful. I’m getting the Antinium to do a lot of construction work. First they’ll be expanding the hill. But Pawn hasn’t been too active of late. I think he’s…thinking. I hope he visits today.”
Erin nodded.
“Yeah. I haven’t seen him. I hope he’s okay. It took me a long time and he lost Yellow Splatters and a hundred other Soldiers. I could see if Klbkch will let me into the Hive after the cake…wait, expanding the hill?”
She blinked up at Lyonette. The [Princess] shifted Mrsha to one arm as she began to explain. Then she saw Erin’s eyes slide to the magic door, currently connected to Liscor. Forewarned, Lyonette was already turning when the door burst open and Olesm Swifttail burst into the inn.
“I’m quitting.”
The Drake’s blue scales flashed in the spring sunlight. He’d come through the magic door at a run. As it slammed against the wall Mrsha woke up. She stared at Olesm as he hurled an armful of letters, half opened, onto the ground. Erin and Lyonette stared at Olesm’s heaving chest, the tears in his eyes, and the letters. The Horns and other guests turned to stare. The Players of Celum stopped rehearsing.
One of the Gnoll regulars in the inn raised his mug. He grinned cheerfully.
“At last! Blue fruit juice and drama! This is what I pay for!”
 
—-
 
It had been nearly two weeks since the last huge dramatic incident in the inn. Plenty of time for peace and quiet, which it had to be said, was much needed. But some habits died hard it seemed. And Lyonette was savvy enough to know exactly what to do.
“Anyone want more blue fruit? I’m mixing it with some ales, spirits—I’ll try some blue fruit and gin mixer. Special discount. Only eight coppers to try it out! We also have some great pretzel snacks and some fries. Mayonnaise is free for a big platter. Hands? Anyone?”
As Ishkr circulated the tables with the staff and Lyonette made a killing, Erin was with Olesm. She got him into a seat as the Drake sniffed and pounded the table, upset, but not actually crying that much. The Horns watched, munching their food and Mrsha began sneaking fries from plates as Erin sat.
“Come on, sit down Olesm. What’s this all about?”
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to come here. I mean—”
The Drake [Strategist] sniffed and Erin watched some snot disappear back up a nose hole. She made a face.
“Uh, napkin?”
“Here.”
One of the employees passed her one. Erin beamed. It was so nice to have hired help.
“Thanks, Fysi! Here, Olesm.”
She passed Olesm a napkin and he blew his ‘nose’. Drakes had noses like lizards, which meant their nose-holes…Erin looked away as he wiped and sniffed again.
“I’m sorry. I really am. I know you don’t want to see me. But I just got this all by City Runner and I—”
Erin stared at Olesm. She felt a mix of emotions. Anger, guilt, heartache—but none of them were overpowering. She glanced around. Numbtongue wasn’t in the common room. He was relaxing after having a bad encounter with some Rockmites the other day. And if he did come down? Well, Erin would deal with that.
She had a lot to say to Olesm. And he had done a lot. But Erin didn’t feel able to kick him out of her inn, distraught as he was. So she put her past with him aside for a second. Because they were friends. And Erin could know that, now. They were friends, still. And so she patted him on the back.
“It’s okay. What’s wrong?”
