6.28
Page 24
“So? It is just stone. And if you say we cannot afford to pay for it, Lism, I say, that is why I propose the tax on adventurers! And Liscor has its treasury. We have income from our army. We can build it cheaply.”
“Oh yes? And who can build an entire wall large enough to hold back the spring rains before next year?”
The Drake glared angrily at Krshia. She smiled. Thank you, Lism. She looked around, and the answer was on the tongue of half the people in the crowd.
“The Antinium can. And if I ask them, I think they would. They could build us a larger city. They are Liscor’s allies, are they not? And we could have a larger city. We could put a fair tax on the adventurers, expand the City Watch. But the current Council will not do it. But if we had an election—if, friends. If that were possible.”
Krshia looked across the faces, scales and fur. And she saw a Human one, peeking up and holding a white Gnoll at the back of the crowd. Krshia grinned at Mrsha and she bowed, ignoring the simmering Lism.
“I think it is possible. And this is our city. Shouldn’t we decide what we want it to be?”
And her people looked up at her. And they got the idea.
 
—-
 
Later that day, all eight of Liscor’s Councilmembers found themselves under siege. Not in the literal sense, but very much close to it. They were confronted at work, on the streets, and in their homes by insistent citizens, angry citizens with little regard for personal space. And like Stales, they found that Liscor’s people wanted direct answers.
Krshia’s message was spreading like wildfire. An election? Well, why not? It wasn’t as if they were going to turn into Pallass. And choosing your own Council? There was some idea to that! And why not Gnolls? They were part of the city, sure enough. And did you hear what Krshia would do? And if she could run…what about you?
It was one of those ideas that took hold. Well, why not? What did Liscor have to lose? And look at how much it had to gain. Like the debate over Goblins, the conversation invaded the streets, routing the indifferent and forcing people to take sides, figure out what they thought.
But one Drake didn’t need to think. He’d known exactly what he thought the moment he heard Krshia speaking.
“Outrageous.”
Lism the [Shopkeeper] strode through the streets, fuming. He’d been unable to keep standing on the stall with that—that Gnoll gleefully shouting at the crowd. Lism knew he couldn’t stop her, not alone, but she was completely wrong. He could stand her ideas about adventurers, even if he personally would kick them off. He might even agree with her ideas about the Watch. But the Antinium?
Never. And Krshia? Lism would soon as pull off his tail and eat it rather than see that sanctimonious, smug Gnoll on the Council seat. He stormed into the Mage’s Guild and up to the front desk. The [Receptionist] on duty stared at him. Lism snapped, almost too angry for words.
“Send a highest-priority [Message] to Liscor’s High Command at once. Tell them there is a situation in Liscor that requires their immediate attention.”
“A [Message], sir? High priority? You want instant delivery and straight to the [Mage] in the army? That’ll cost gold, sir. We can’t do that unless it’s an emergency. Are you sure?”
The young Drake looked uncomfortable. Lism drew up short. He glared at her.
“What? Yes, of course it’s an emergency! I want an immediate connection! Don’t worry about the cost; they’ll pay for everything! Tell them I must speak with them at once!”
She hesitated.
