6.28
Page 7
“We can make a lot of blue juice, Mrsha. Get those ones too! We’ll get a big basket and Lyonette can help us get the rest later. Or we’ll borrow a bag of holding from Ceria.”
Erin trotted over to another tree. She stared up. The trees had a lot of fruit! So why hadn’t she noticed so many? Did they produce less in the fall? Or did the orchard have other eaters? She’d never seen one of the Dino Birds eating from it, and the Rock Crabs avoided the place like the plague. So how—
Mrsha was reaching for another blue fruit when she noticed Erin had stopped. She kicked gently, and then looked down. Erin was staring blankly up at her. The young woman’s voice was quiet.
“Oh. Rags’ tribe must have eaten these all the time as well.”
Mrsha’s ears drooped. Erin stared up at her and her face scrunched up. But neither she nor Mrsha cried. Erin stared at the basket tucked under one arm. She lowered Mrsha. It was nearly full to the brim, anyways.
“It’s okay. Let’s go back, huh? And then you can have the first batch of blue fruit juice. I think we should water it down though; it’s too sweet! But hey, we can make a carrot cake, okay?”
The [Innkeeper] smiled. And after a moment she didn’t need to force it. Mrsha nodded eagerly and Erin carried her back to the boots, which were partially embedded in the mud. Erin looked at the orchard as Mrsha put her boots on.
This was Erin Solstice’s new world. With less evil Goblins, but one dear friend. Instead of walking alone, a little Gnoll held her hand. And her inn had patrons, guests she knew and loved and people who came to her inn because it was a place. Everything changed.
Except for Rock Crabs. One came over the hill and Erin and Mrsha chased it away and legged it back to the inn. Rock Crabs sucked.
 
—-
 
“I shouldn’t have let you go. Not without a guard.”
Lyonette was fretting when Erin and Mrsha told her the story. The Gnoll shook her head while she let Lyonette clean her fur with a bit of soapy water. Erin raised a hand.
“Hey. In my defense…I did have some potions and a Tripvine Bag. It’s just that blue fruit cores work best on those rock-jerks.”
“It’s still dangerous. At least neither of you were hurt. But you both have to take more care. At least bring more items! Or we can have Ishkr or Numbtongue go with you.”
“As what, bait?”
Lyonette recriminations were cut short by Ishkr emerging from the kitchen. The Gnoll had the basket they’d brought back and some blue paws. He placed the basket on the table and Erin saw it was filled with sticky blue fruit cores, all unbroken.
“Good work, Ishkr! That was quick!”
“No problem, Miss Erin. I’m going to get some water and wash my paws. Where do you want the basket, Lyonette?”
“By the window, Ishkr. They can dry out and then we’ll keep them to chase the Rock Crabs off. No, Apista! Leave Ishkr alone. And don’t you dare break those cores! Ishkr, sorry, but can you wash them in the stream first?”
Lyonette chased Apista away. Ishkr eyed the Ashfire Bee and nodded.
“Watch out for those big fish!”
Erin called at the Gnoll’s back. Then she turned to Lyonette.
“I love employees.”
“They are useful. I’ll pulp the rest of the fruits myself. It really is as sweet as you claimed! I thought you had to be exaggerating. And the colors!”
The [Princess] smiled widely with delight. She wanted to rub her hands together, but they were all muddy and Mrsha was squirming. Erin nodded. She had a cup herself. She sipped from it.
“It’s so sugary! Just as good as anything back home. Totally worth nearly getting eaten by a Rock Crab for.”
Lyonette nodded.
