6.28
Page 19
“Because she’s been trying to get the Council to consider her suggestion for weeks! Apparently she’s tried everything. And the Council just hasn’t listened. And it’s a damn fine idea, taxing the adventurers! Not to mention it could pay for the Watch—or expanding the Adventurer’s Guild! But that Krshia, she brought up another good point. Why are no Gnolls on Liscor’s Council? It’s all Drakes, and all Guild Leaders too. [Merchants] and so on. What about a [Butcher]? We don’t have a Guild, but our class has never had a seat on the Council. Ever.”
He looked meaningfully at Stales. And the Drake might have been an ordinary person, but he was still a [Merchant]. He could process fast and he knew a bad situation from his days as a [Trader]. He stood up abruptly, fishing for coins in his money pouch.
“I’m sorry, sir. But I can’t just sit here and tell you about the Council’s decisions on request! If there is a request, we’ll consider it as long as it comes through proper channels.”
“Which are?”
“What?”
Regisav looked impatient.
“What are the proper channels?”
Stales hesitated. ‘I don’t know’ was not a good answer here.
“—Talk to Strategist Olesm! Or Watch Captain Zevara! As for Gnolls, the Council selects its own members. The lack of a Gnoll on the Council is just…”
He trailed off. There were six Gnolls watching now. They stared at him with their big, brown eyes, unblinking. One of them, a male Gnoll, or a very burly female one, folded his arms.
“Go on. What is it just? Why aren’t we on the Council? Does the Council just never pick Gnolls?”
“Of course not. Don’t be silly.”
“Then why not let us pick the next Council? With a public vote?”
The question threw Stales. He stared at the Gnoll, along with a lot of the Drakes. But more than one face looked interested. Stales was just horrified.
“What, like some kind of election? Are you mad?”
“It’s just a suggestion. That’s what I heard too. You come from Market Street?”
Regisav turned to the Gnoll. The Gnoll nodded and bared his teeth.
“We could vote on the next Council. Why not? We could elect the best representatives. Gnolls, Drakes—male or female. Only, I was told that the Council wouldn’t even hear Honored Krshia’s request, or any of her suggestions.”
The [Butcher] grunted.
“I’m just worried about the City Watch. We need more funds for our [Guardsmen]! If this Council won’t do it, how do we know they won’t pick another Council that’ll just do the same. And not answer any of my questions.”
He looked pointedly at Stales. The [Merchant] spluttered as he backed away from the table. But he bumped into someone behind him who didn’t move.
“This is all ridiculous. The Council chooses the best members to replace us as we see fit. We make the best decisions for Liscor. The lack of money going to the City Watch is regrettable.”
“Ah, so it was unavoidable, then? Is the city out of money?”
Stales’ jaw worked for a second as his mind clamped down on any words out of sheer self-preservation.
“I can’t comment. Excuse me, I have to go. I don’t have time to talk about elections or whatnot.”
“So you’re just going to avoid the issue? You won’t even tell us why you won’t allow it?”
The Gnolls looked outraged. Stales tried to back away again and failed.
“I’m not avoiding it! I’m just very busy! The Council will decide. Later! You—you can’t just walk up to a Councilmember on the street and ask questions, you know!”
No one budged. The angry Gnoll folded his arms.
“Why not? You are a member of the Council, yes? Why can you not defend the Council’s decisions? You made them, did you not?”
