6.29
Page 12
Zevara didn’t need to pretend. She stood up and turned to Selys.
“I…need to think about this. Give me a moment?”
“Of course. Uh…we’ll be here. Klbkch, another drink?”
Selys smiled, baring her teeth uncertainly. Zevara nodded. She looked at Klbkch.
“I’m sorry. But I can’t be sure I can agree to any of this. I know you, Klbkch. But I am a Watch Captain and…give me five minutes? Ten?”
“Only naturally. I will have the brandy, Miss Selys. If that is acceptable?”
Klbkch reached for the nuts. He’d done the best he could. Selys was clearly nervous, but to her and Zevara, Klbkch appeared calm. But that was because neither of them had learned to read Antinium expressions, like Erin, Lyonette, and come to it, Relc. Klbkch was maintaining a good façade, but internally he was intent, urging Zevara to agree with every fiber of his being.
And more than that.  Klbkch watched as Zevara walked out of the tavern. Silently, he activated his Skill. Or rather, he activated it again.
There were a number of classes that Klbkch possessed that no one knew he had. Not even his Queen. [Guardsman], [Sword Slayer], these were only the ones everyone knew. But Klbkch possessed a number of tertiary classes. Unfortunately, he had come to understand that these classes were inhibiting him from leveling from his conversation with Ryoka. But they did come in useful, particularly one of his classes. [Diplomat].
The idea of an Antinium [Diplomat] was a joke anywhere in the world. What did the Antinium need to negotiate? And—everyone knew they barely leveled up. Why would they specialize in that? So those people thought and they were all fools. Because the best [Diplomat] was one you never saw coming. And Klbkch, Klbkch the Slayer, had that class.
He’d told Ryoka that. It might be a drain on his levels, but he was a Level 11 [Diplomat]. And he had one Skill from that class he used all the time. Every day in fact. He had used it on Erin Solstice. He was a master of it.
[Reassuring Presence]. That was all. A Level 10 Skill, and hardly a powerful one. But for Klbkch, it was a mighty Skill. Because what was an Antinium? An enemy. And he, Klbkch the Slayer, was a known villain to the Drakes. But with one Skill, he could influence those around him to give him a chance.
To reevaluate him. To give him a chance. And he had used that Skill for ten years. Perhaps all of his reputation in Liscor was the product of the Skill. Perhaps it had little effect other than smoothing his entry into the city. But Klbkch used it. And no one had any idea.
Of such secrets was the world made. Klbkch waited, talking a bit with Selys, but the female Drake was too nervous to make much conversation. Klbkch saw Zevara come back eight minutes later. The Watch Captain sat down and spoke abruptly.
“Okay. I agree.”
Selys let out a huge breath. Klbkch exhaled silently. But internally he was as happy as he had ever been.
Success. Zevara met Klbkch’s eyes squarely.
“I’m in, Klbkch. For what the Antinium are offering? Well, if you could increase the amount you’re giving to the city, especially the Watch—we’ll sort out the details. But I can try to get you both an expansion on your Hive’s limits and the right to allow other Antinium into the city. But I’m warning you, Klbkch. It’s going to be tricky. Even if Krshia could swing the Council, this is bigger than I am. Krshia will say the same thing. We can try to get you both deals, but neither she nor I can guarantee it, even if we win the election.”
