6.29
Page 10
“She does not see my role as Senior Guardsman as particularly important to the Hive. I am in favor of expanding the Antinium’s role in the Watch, but I would have to convince my Queen of the necessity.”
Klbkch shrugged his shoulders delicately. He watched Selys’ face sink. Zevara on the other hand was sharper.
“Did you have something else in mind then, Klbkch? Krshia’s said she’s willing to offer the Antinium what she can. But what is it you’d like?”
“Hm. Would you allow me a moment’s thought?”
The two nodded. Klbkch pretended to think. Then, carefully, he spoke.
“If the city is to expand, then perhaps allowing the Hive to expand with the city would be appropriate? We are, currently, bound by a treaty to the size of our Hive’s dimensions, which must be largely constrained to the area under the city with auxiliary tunnels of course.”
Tunnels that extended all the way to Liscor’s dungeon. Zevara was nodding warily. Klbkch went on.
“Allowing the Hive to grow to match Liscor’s area of expansion would be beneficial. As we could use the new area for storage and water runoff tunnels. As would a few diplomatic rights in accordance to the ones Miss Selys proposed.”
Klbkch nodded to Selys. She blinked.
“What rights?”
The Antinium steepled his hands together delicately.
“I would like to allow more Antinium from other Hives to visit Liscor. In an official, diplomatic capacity.”
“What?”
Zevara half-rose from her chair. Selys’ jaw fell open. Klbkch glanced behind the two, but no one else seemed to have heard. He twitched his antennas and looked innocently at the other two.
“Is this an unacceptable term, Watch Captain Zevara? We have had Antinium visitors to Liscor from other Hives before.”
“Of course, but—well, you mean officially? On a regular basis?”
The Watch Captain ran a claw through her neck spines. Klbkch nodded again.
“Yes. Perhaps there might be a limit on the number of Antinium allowed to visit. Say, fifty at most? But they would be accorded free passage from Liscor and while about the city and its environs.”
“What for? To see the sights? Purchase gifts? I had no idea the Antinium travelled.”
Zevara looked at Klbkch. And he saw a flicker of suspicion cross her brow. She was, after all, a Watch Captain of her city. Klbkch was sure the Drake cities had a number of orders in place about his Hive. He thought quickly and put his hands flat on the table.
“If I may be blunt, Watch Captain Zevara? I will speak to you not as Senior Guardsman Klbkch, but in my role as Revalantor. In which I maintain a superior rank to you or any Watch Captain.”
The Drake opened her mouth and closed it, looking perplexed. Klbkch spoke over whatever she might have said.
“The other Hives do not possess the same level of understanding of Drake and Gnoll culture that the Free Antinium do. Nor do they wish to. Their attitude is…antagonistic. And they will go to war in time, given a sufficient opportunity. I am sure that Liscor and the other cities know this full well.”
Selys and Zevara fell silent. Zevara nodded tightly, as the casual attitude at the table disappeared. But Klbkch had calculated the risk. He went on.
“The Free Antinium’s split from the other Hives was in part due to our understanding that war was not necessary for mutual growth. My Queen and I did not desire a third Incursion War. Nor, I think, does Liscor. Hence our pact and our attempts to establish friendlier relations.”
“Really? It was that profound a difference?”
Zevara muttered, and then caught herself. She nodded slowly.
