6.29
Page 25
And then of course things were noisy. But Pawn felt the warmth on his hand even when Lyonette got up. He turned obligingly as Ceria, Pisces, and Yvlon all entered from Liscor’s door to shout about something with Erin and Lyonette in the corner. Another Antinium followed them. He was notable because he had three arms. And he was as different as Belgrade and Pawn. But…
“Ksmvr.”
“Hello Pawn.”
The former Prognugator stiffened a bit when he looked at Pawn. And Pawn felt the phantom pain racing down his arm. Ksmvr edged backwards. He looked smaller to Pawn. Less terrifying. Pawn wondered if he should shout something. But then he looked at Ksmvr’s missing arm and decided not to. The Prognugator looked around.
“I will get out of your way. Excuse me.”
“I…you don’t need to. That is your team. I am simply listening.”
Pawn walked past Ksmvr. The other Antinium stared at him. Then he ducked his head slowly and joined the group.
“An election? Really?”
“That’s right. And we just heard the latest. Uh—Pisces, explain it.”
The [Necromancer]’s sniff was very familiar to Pawn.
“The Antinium are funding Liscor’s expansion and giving money to the City Watch’s budget, among other things. If the election takes place, and I assume that offer is also contingent upon Krshia’s seat on the Council. Which, if I understand the districted voting system, almost ensures her victory.”
Yvlon nodded. Erin whistled softly, an action that made every Antinium in the room instantly turn to look at her. The [Innkeeper] glanced at Pawn.
“Whoa. That’s big. Pawn, did you know about this?”
The Worker shook his head. He didn’t really care, but he cared that everyone else cared. Then he thought about Workers getting a chance to work in the sunlight. Maybe Soldiers could guard them or help?
“I think this is a good idea. But I have no idea what it is about.”
“Krshia’s claiming that the Antinium will pay two thousand gold per year. Possibly more. Not bad, although I can see that not going too far in the case of the City Watch. Even steel’s expensive if you’re arming a thousand. But more? And helping pay for construction? That is a big incentive—I don’t know if the Council can deny an election with that on the table.”
Drassi, who’d also been sent to gather information was chattering to the others. She had the pulse of the crowds. News was spreading fast about the proposed election and the Antinium offer had just pushed public opinion hard. Lyonette nibbled a fingernail as she thought, frowning.
“Klbkch is offering a lot to Krshia, Selys, and Zevara. I’m surprised they’re the ones behind it. Erin, you’re sure you didn’t say anything to them?”
“No! I mean, not about this specifically. Why does everyone think this is my fault?”
Lyonette turned towards Pawn.
“Can the Antinium really fund all this, Pawn? Or even more?”
Belgrade looked up from his table where he was pondering his next set of moves. He hesitated and closed his mandibles without speaking. Erin absently placed a Go stone down as Archer B23 hopefully placed a black stone.
Pawn thought of the storage areas devoted only to holding the gold, copper, and silver. They had to be reinforced to account for the weight of all that metal. Then he thought of the artifact chambers, and other stockpiles in the Hive. He shrugged.
“The Hive can pay for it. It would not be hard.”
“Well then, I’m sold. Go election! Hey, can anyone run?”
Drassi threw up her claws in delight. Erin was smiling too.
“That’s so cool! Democracy! And I didn’t do anything! Honest! I think. Wait…no, I’m pretty sure! Hey, let’s go see what Krshia’s saying! How about it?”
