6.29
Page 7
He bit his tongue.
“Er, how can I help you all? Is this a Watch matter? The owner’s out, so if it is…”
He looked nervous, as well he might. Zevara coughed again and shook her head.
“Not Watch business. We’re all off-duty. Could we have a private table to talk?”
“Of course!”
Much relieved, the [Server] immediately ushered the party to a table closer to the back. Selys realized that her face along with Klbkch and Zevara’s attracted immediate attention from the patrons in the morning crowd. But Klbkch was received with neutrality at the worst—some people even waved to him. Selys got stares, which was new and possibly relating to her most recent Skill; it was only Zevara who made anyone with a guilty conscience hunch up.
“What’ll it be? We’ve got a Dwarven brandy on tap. Very strong stuff, although not as potent as good Drake spirits of course.”
“Of course.”
Selys and Zevara chorused with straight faces. Zevara shrugged.
“I’ll have that brandy for a taste. Get me a mug of water too to go with it. Selys?”
“Uh…yeah, that sounds good! Water too, please. Klbkch? Order anything you want. It’s on me.”
Lamely, Selys copied Zevara. Klbkch glanced up at the chalk writing on a board above the bar.
“I will have a mulled wine. Thank you.”
The [Server] disappeared and came back with three containers filled to the brim. Selys accepted her mug and sipped from the heady, sweet liquid. It was certainly strong and Selys was glad she’d gotten water with Zevara. She decided she liked it, and waved a claw.
“Do you have snacks?”
“Of course! We’ve got some nuts, some Gnoll uh, silkap, and french fries. Hot! With that katsup stuff.”
“Ketchup.”
The [Server] blinked. Then he eyed Selys.
“Right. You know that [Innkeeper] who made it. Ours is good! You want salt?”
“I’ll take the nuts, actually. Can we get two bowls?”
“Sure, sure. You wouldn’t happen to know how that white stuff is made?”
“Mayonnaise? No idea, sorry.”
“Well, I tried. Tell my boss that if he rips off my tail.”
The [Server] disappeared again. Selys looked at Klbkch. He was sipping from his drink and exchanging polite conversation with Zevara.
“And you stopped Relc from beating the [Thieves] into the ground? Thanks, Klbkch. I don’t mind the bruises, but we have to fix broken bones.”
“It is part of my job, Watch Captain. Moderate bodily harm is appropriate under our code of conduct.”
“Tell Relc that. If he weren’t so useful, I would have kicked him out of the Watch years ago. As it is, I think he can be put to better use. Although he does keep [Thieves] off the streets after he catches one for a few days…”
Zevara sighed. She leaned back, sipping her drink and popped a few walnuts into her mouth as they arrived in a bowl. She nodded, burped a small gout of flame, and to Selys’ delight, blushed.
“Sorry. Flame breath. Happens sometimes. Duck if I sneeze. Klbkch, mind if I cut to the chase?”
“I believe we have done an appropriate amount of socializing, yes, Watch Captain. What is the issue you would like to discuss with me?”
Selys edged closer to their booth table. Zevara leaned forwards as well and Selys studied Klbkch. He was someone she hadn’t really known before Erin either. Oh, she saw him around, but like Zevara, he wasn’t someone she’d ever imagined she would have been friends with, or talked to as an equal. A coconspirator. A…partner? She looked at Zevara and the Watch Captain nodded. They’d agreed to let her do the talking. Selys was just here to help with the negotiations. And Krshia?
She was hard at work selling the idea to Liscor. Zevara leaned forwards, bracing herself with an arm on the table.
