6.29
Page 26
She looked around. The others nodded. Pawn found himself following Erin through the door. She reassured him.
“Your Workers and Soldiers are fine. Belgrade’s there and he thinks he can plot out a victory while I’m gone. Hah! Although he’s a lot better. But I’ve been practicing Go. It’s nice to have a good opponent! Where’s—oh, wow!”
She’d come to Market Street, or rather, the crowd hanging out the back of it. Drakes and Gnolls let Erin’s group push into the crowd—mainly because they weren’t given any choice. Yvlon was polite—Drassi knew every third person, but Ceria and Pisces unapologetically pushed through.
The [Necromancer] tripped, cast minor cantrips, and elbowed without mercy. Drakes and Gnolls sprang aside, swearing at him as little jets of flame cooked their tails. Erin followed, smacking Pisces on the back of the head and apologizing. Which, Pawn realized, coincidentally brought her through the crowd as well. Ksmvr was taking notes.
Krshia was standing on her stall, but she was now speaking to a huge number of people. And many of them were chanting ‘election’ while others shouted questions at the Gnoll. She was fielding them, and pitching her election plan every few minutes to the crowd coming in and out.
“The Antinium have agreed to help expand Liscor! Yes! And contribute to the funding of the City Watch and Adventurer’s Guild! That is an opportunity we should not pass up! Think of it! We could expand Liscor and build an entirely new district! And with that space, we could build more than just apartments, yes? Let both Drakes, Gnolls, and yes, Humans immigrate to Liscor! We could construct forges for [Blacksmiths], perhaps even huge warehouses like those used in Pallass! Or—what about a forest, a park inside the city walls? One with trees?”
The citizens of Liscor stared at Krshia, caught by the ideas she was floating past them. Erin, who’d reached the crowd right in front of Krshia, paused, and Pawn heard someone else half-shouting.
“Tone it down, Krshia! Don’t promise too much!”
“Let her! It’s just an idea!”
Two Drakes were standing in front of a group of Gnolls. Pawn recognized Zevara and Selys. The Watch Captain was shaking her head, dismayed by Krshia’s rhetoric.
“This idea is getting too big. I mean, we didn’t even consider it! Inviting Humans to settle in Liscor? A huge park? Swimming pools? Who gave her those ideas?”
Both Drakes turned and stared at Erin. The [Innkeeper] shrugged innocently.
“Hey. Krshia just asked me for ideas the other day. And if the Antinium are going to build it, they can do it, right? I mean, I’ve seen some cool stuff in Pallass, but even they don’t have pools! And you could make walkways and add more floors to all the buildings! Build the walls even higher! Raise those walls! Raise those walls! Whoo!”
She raised her fist. The Gnolls turned around and the chant started spreading through the crowd. Erin laughed. Then she looked unaccountably guilty.
“Ooh. I don’t know if that’s a good one to shout. Oh well.”
Pawn looked around. He didn’t know what Erin meant, but the crowd seemed very pleased with Krshia’s ideas, as far as he could tell. Krshia was getting cheers, and the chant of ‘raise that wall’ was already being adopted. Zevara was addressing Erin when Pawn turned his attention back to them.
“You can help. Ancestors preserve me, but I’m okay with that. Especially if you can get Klbkch to promise more gold. But you have to promise me—no disasters!”
“Hey! I don’t try—okay, sometimes I do try—”
