6.29
Page 35
“First it was pursuit. Warships sent by Rhir. They sank our ships with fire and magic. We were unprepared. The Antinium had not adapted to the water. We could not swim. They used that against us and sank our ships. But we destroyed them. Then came pirates. People of the waters. They clashed with us. We killed them. Overran their vessels and slaughtered them at sea. Monsters preyed on us. We hunted them. Soldiers leapt from the edges of the boats and died killing their foes. But we continued. Our fleet would have made it. Then the storms came.”
The darkness closed in as the two Workers looked up at the looming Free Queen. She whispered, reaching out. Rain and water fell from the skies, until it seemed as if the horizon, the ocean itself was all water.
“I have never seen such storms. Xrn says they were more than winter storms. They came from Wistram itself, from the [Mages] of every nation in the world. I do not know. I only know that the waves were fifty times as large as the tallest ships. They swallowed ships whole. And yet, we sailed through them. Xrn broke the waves in half with magic. The Queens sailed their ships through whirlpools and maelstroms. They had never crossed the ocean, but they dared the storms. And for every ship that broke, six survived. And we might have survived. But then it came.”
“What?”
Something with a hundred limbs reached out. The Free Queen looked around. One of the lead ships disappeared. A Queen called a warning in thought and mind. Below the ships, a dark shadow appeared in the churning waters. One miles long.
“I understand it to be called a Kraken. A devourer of fleets. This enemy brought the storm. Or perhaps the storm summoned it. It came to feast. And it brought all the horrors of the ocean with it. But the Antinium did not give in. We had nowhere to run. So we brought the fight to it. Our Queens dove from the railings. They cut it. Xrn brought down lightning. But it was not enough. One by one, they leapt. Into the waters.”
Galuc the Builder clung to a tentacle as it gripped a ship. The giant of the Antinium tore into flesh until the limb retreated to the waters. And blood turned the waters purple. But Galuc never returned. The Antinium were leaping, into a maw that split the sea. Fighting, dying, as the ships struggled to flee.
“Sixteen of the Centenium died there. Klbkchhezeim lost his true form. And our fleet sank, and with it, all the true Antinium were lost into the waters before they had a chance to fight. Sorcery could not damage the vessels our War Queens and Shaper Queens resided in. Even the Soldier’s containers were impregnable against ordinary steel wielded by faulty flesh. But water killed the Antinium of Rhir, where no other force in the world could. We have never suffered such a defeat save for when the First Queen fell.”
The roaring storm subsided. The howl of the Kraken faded into memory. The ships drifted as Xrn’s magics kept them together. Wrymvr flew, cutting a path in blood towards the shore, a distant speck. And the Free Queen looked around for someone. Anyone. But all that was left were children. Two hundred warships gone. Four, battered, sinking, all that remained.
Gone.
“We were less than twenty when we landed on Izril. We were all juniors. The oldest of us was an apprentice. And we had lost everything. All you see now, the works of decades, is a paltry fraction compared to what left Rhir. A disgrace.”
