6.29
Page 29
The crowd around him roared approval. Krshia’s supporters shouted back, but the crowd that had come to listen wasn’t full of diehard supporters and they were drowned out. Pawn, wondering if he could block out the discordant sound, heard Drassi exclaiming next to the others.
“Oh, dead gods. He lives around here too! Selys! Lism’s in the same district as Krshia! It’s him or her!”
Zevara stared up at Embria. The Drake wasn’t exactly meeting anyone’s eyes. But the entire 4th Company was standing there, and Lism was continuing to shout over Krshia. Selys and Zevara slowly turned around. Ceria was chewing her lip and Pisces was frowning. But then they turned. Slowly, everyone looked at Erin. So did Pawn.
The [Innkeeper] raised her hands.
“Uh oh. Uh—that’s not my fault either.”
She hesitated.
“I think. I’m pretty sure. I…I think?”
 
—-
 
The streets around Market Street in Liscor were in uproar. The chant, the beating drums, and Lism’s voice was an unrelenting beat. A march of sound. But beneath Liscor, the Hive was just as mechanical.
Mechanical and silent. Usually. For the sounds the Antinium made as they went about their duties lacked voices. It lacked intention. The sounds were byproducts of tasks being carried out and as such, usually gave the Hive a sense of quiet, even in the noisiest corridors. It was unfeeling sound.
Until it was broken. The noise receded. And something small, quavering and meandering crept through the tunnels. It halted Workers in their tracks. It echoed. And it journeyed from place to place, a strange bit of audio in a world unprepared for it.
It was a song. And it came from the chambers of the Free Queen. The song trailed off and started. It went fast and it slow. But it was music. And it was as magic as magic itself.
The Soldiers standing guard shifted. One almost turned to look before he turned straight, watching for threats. And the sound travelled further, through the tunnels. And those who heard it, Worker and Soldier alike, paused. The Listeners grew still and their quiet notation of what they heard above halted for a second. Their ink-stained appendages, so much like a quill, stopped transcribing. Because they had no idea how to write music.
At first it was glorious. Then it was playful. Serious. Meandering. And then just silly. Inside the chambers, a little Antinium rocked back and forth on his back. The stump of one regrowing hand waved the air as Bird sang.
“Bird that I am. Birds that I see. A bird flies down and calls to me. Birds of the land, birds of the sea. Oh, I wish I had a bird to eat.”
It was a nonsense song. A silly song, one the Worker made up on the spot. Those were half the songs he sang. The other half were songs the Free Queen had never heard before, with words that Bird sometimes sang from memory, other times inserted into the existing lyrics. Songs he had been taught by Erin Solstice.
But it was a song. The Free Queen listened. Bird rocked back and forth, singing happily. Then he trailed off. She looked at him.
“Is that it?”
“I have not made the rest of the song. Perhaps there is no rest of it.”
He stared up at her innocently. The Free Queen nodded. That was an answer she’d learned to expect from Bird.
“Then sing me another song, Bird. Another song.”
“Okay.”
Bird happily acquiesced. With no context, with no warning, the pitch of his song suddenly changed. He sang a staccato, high-pitched melody.
“There-is-a-nutcracker. Who-cracks-nuts. There-he-goes. Cracking-nuts. Crack-crack-crack-crack-crack.”
