6.29
Page 42
Someone cried that in the distance. Every head turned back to Klbkch. He did not reply. And the crowd laughed. Someone had probably seen that patrol of Antinium. Who was panicking? Idiots.
But it was an invasion. The laughter became gasps and even screams. A black army was flooding out of the Hive. Soldiers were rushing out of the Hive. Soldiers and Workers. They filled the streets, pouring forwards.
“Attack! It’s a coup! Flee for your lives! Soldiers, defend us!”
Lism panicked on his platform. The 4th Company formed a line and Embria grabbed her spear, staring. Then her eyes widened. Pawn, craning to see, desperately pushed through the crowd. The Drakes and Gnolls moved back, afraid of the black tide that flowed forth. But it was not towards the other Antinium that Pawn looked.
And the Free Antinium followed him. A single figure, striding out ahead of the rest. He was not like the Soldiers or Workers that followed him. Not in body. Nor in whom he was.
He was taller. Larger. The Soldiers, who were all the same were a head shorter than he was. And this Antinium’s body was enhanced beyond even that of the regular Soldiers. His four arms flexed, and his fully-realized digits stretched in the air. The sun shone down on his shoulders. And he walked in front of them, taller with each step. A colossus. A familiar soul.
He came to a stop as Pawn stumbled forwards. The Worker was shaking. Disbelieving. It couldn’t be. But it was. The giant looked down at Pawn. And he was taller than Pawn remembered. His body was changed. But the smile was the same. And the yellow glinting off the arm he offered Pawn was real.
The Antinium turned to the crowd. And he opened his mandibles and spoke.
“I am Yellow Splatters.”
His voice was deep. And commanding. Yellow Splatters stood in front of the people of Liscor. And his body was new. It had been built by a despairing Queen. It had been filled with a soul of a Soldier. A dying warrior. A son of Liscor. And though he had not been created with the genius of the Shaper Queens of old, the Free Queen of the Antinium could give him a voice. And voices were just sound. Easy to make. So she had given him the voice of a leader. A general.
A hero.
Yellow Splatters opened his mandibles and spoke. To the disbelieving citizens. To the 4th Company of Izril, who faced this giant among Antinium uneasily. To Erin Solstice, eyes full of tears. To the Antinium of his Hive. And to Pawn. And the Antinium could not weep. But they could listen.
“I am Yellow Splatters. I perished in battle against the Goblin Lord. My hundred Soldiers and I fought to the last for Liscor. I was brought back to life. I have heard what Krshia Silverfang has proposed. And the Free Antinium of Liscor supports her. For Liscor is worth dying for. This is what I have come here to say. The Antinium die for Liscor. Let us help build our home as well.”
That was all. Two of Yellow Splatter’s arms came up and he saluted along his left side. Then he turned and walked back. But that was all he needed to say. In the silence, no one could speak. Not even Lism. Well, not really.
“That’s clearly an impostor. They got another Soldier, put yellow paint on him—they all look alike. How could anyone fall for…”
He trailed off and stared at Yellow Splatter’s back. Someone whispered as Yellow Splatters passed by, followed by his people.
“It’s part of his body. Look.”
