6.29
Page 17
This time Pawn saw the Worker coming in a rush of other Workers. The others noticed Pawn, but this one failed to and nearly stepped into Pawn. He moved back of course. The Worker paused and looked up. He saw Pawn and the [Acolyte]’s censer stick.
“Excuse me.”
Pawn politely stepped aside and gestured, as he had been taught to do on Liscor’s streets as a humble Worker himself. But the Worker in front of him froze.
“This one apologizes, Individual Pawn. This one is deeply sorry.”
The Worker quivered. Pawn stopped and stared at him.
“It’s nothing.”
“This one was in your way. This one humbly moves. Apologies, apologies.”
The Worker scuttled back. The other Workers in his group looked at him. And like him, they wilted.
They were the same height as Pawn. But he felt like he was looking down on them. Certainly on the Worker in front of him; the Worker was hunched, much like Pawn remembered doing when he was miserable or feared having made a mistake. The sight hurt Pawn to see.
“It’s nothing. Please. It was my fault as well. Don’t be worried.”
Pawn unconsciously reached out and patted the Worker’s shoulders with two arms as if he were a Soldier. The Worker stared.
“T-thank you.”
It was such a timid reply. And yet—the words, the tone, made Pawn think he wasn’t speaking to a regular Worker. No, of course not; if the Worker were allowed into the barracks, it meant they weren’t a regular Worker. Pawn paused. He looked at the Worker.
“What is your name, Worker? If you have a name.”
Too late, he remembered. Some workers didn’t have names. They hadn’t chosen like him. And he tensed. But the Worker did not begin shaking. He did not behave as Pawn once had when Erin asked. Instead, the Worker ducked his head and replied timidly.
“This one is Archer B23.”
“Archer…B23? That is your name?”
“Yes, Individual Pawn. It was given to me by Revelator Klbkch. It is my name.”
Pawn stared. Then he started.
“Klbkch gave you that name? I mean, Revalantor Klbkch?”
“Yes, Individual Pawn. This one passed the test and was named. This—I am Archer B23. He gave me my name along with the other Workers in Archer Unit B.”
That at least was clear. Pawn looked at the other Workers in the group. Let’s see. Twenty four. Probably about right.
“Archer B23. Why did Klbkch give you that name?”
It was almost as bad as calling all the Workers…Workers. Archer B23 paused.
“This one does not know what Revalantor Klbkch thought. But Archer B23 is this one’s name. It is a functional name.”
Was there a touch of defiance at the skepticism in Pawn’s tone? The [Acolyte] stared at Archer B23.
“Of course it is. It’s a fine name. Forgive me. I am Pawn. You…know me?”
Archer B23 nodded. He looked up at Pawn.
“You are Individual Pawn. All the Autonomous Workers know of you.”
“Autonomous Workers?”
The title threw Pawn. Archer B23 looked around at his companions as if seeking help. Another spoke up.
“We—I—I—are Workers who have passed Revalantor Klbkch’s tests. We are Autonomous Workers, Individual Pawn. But we are not you.”
The other Workers nodded as once. They gathered around their two companions. And they looked the same. They even acted the same. But they could say ‘I’. They were…
Pawn remembered them. The other Workers playing chess in the break room back at the start. The Workers who had passed Klbkch’s tests. So this is what they had become?
They played chess. But they had never met Erin. Or if they had, it was a fleeting meeting. Not like her chess lessons. They were like Pawn had been at the start, with the other members of the chess club.
The [Acolyte] touched his chest, above his heart.
