6.29
Page 21
That shocked Pawn. He opened his mandibles wide and hissed at Anand.
“It is not fair to single out separate Workers, Anand! They all deserve the same amount of attention!”
The [Tactician] tilted his head thoughtfully to one side.
“Fair? Of course not. But it is more efficient, Pawn. We cannot be everywhere, Belgrade and I. And Garry and Bird have not as yet expressed the desire to speak to any Workers or Soldiers.”
“But if you rotated them—”
“This group is my group. They are all [Tacticians]. They have the aptitude. I don’t need [Archers] or Workers whose talents lie elsewhere, Pawn. I like this group. I know all their names.”
“But they’re all Workers, Anand. Autonomous Workers. And the other Workers, the ones who aren’t Autonomous—if you don’t spend time with them, I can’t do it alone! It would not be equal, not be fair!”
Pawn stared at his old friend. Anand was nodding, but then he shook his head abruptly.
“Why would that matter? Fairness? That is a wrong concept, I think. Some individuals within the Hive possess capabilities greater than others. And unique existences such as the Queen and Revalantor Klbkch are worth more than any number of Soldiers or Workers. Our value is not equal, Pawn. Mine is not the same as yours, let alone Revalantor Klbkch’s. Or Erin’s. If we are to die, better it be Belgrade or I first.”
He tapped his chest. Pawn stared at the spot. Anand went on.
“In the same way, these Workers matter more to me. Archer Group A matters most because I know them. I realize it is unfair. But I cannot be fair. To make this group strong, I must prioritize it over others. And if there is a danger I think will wipe out an Archer Group, I would not send Archer Group A. That would be the wrong move strategically, you understand?”
He’d said that in front of Archer Groups B and F. Pawn looked at them, horrified. But he saw the Workers nodding calmly in response to Anand’s words. They approved the logic.
“I can’t accept that. If we’re not equal, if one life has more value than the others, how can we understand each other? We were all Workers once, Anand.”
The [Tactician] paused as Pawn reached out to him. He grasped Pawn’s arm gently.
“That is true. That is very true.”
Pawn relaxed. Anand hesitated.
“And yet, I would say that has no bearing on how I conduct strategy or which Workers I select to be around me. Your line of thought interests me. It is not Antinium, Pawn. It comes from Erin, and Miss Ryoka who you spoke to. It comes from above, from other species. I do not say it is wrong. I only wish to tell you that it may not be practical.”
He spread his arms. And Pawn could not deny that. Logically, Anand was correct. But illogically, in his heart, Pawn hurt for the Workers that Anand would never meet.
“I must disagree with your philosophy then, Anand. Even while I admit that your strategy is sound.”
The words were bitter. Anand nodded, accepting them. Then he looked up.
“Good. And I hope you will not change how you act, Pawn.”
The [Acolyte] twitched his left antennae. The [Tactician] smiled.
“I do not think I am wrong. Nor do I think it is wrong of you to continue believing as you do, Pawn. But I will act as I can for the Hive while balancing what I understand with what you say. I hold your words in great esteem. I only wish I could fulfill your expectations of me.”
And to that, Pawn had nothing to say at all. Anand thoughtfully looked back at his map. And then he raised his head. A Worker rushed into the room.
“Contact on Breach 1, Individual Anand. Thirty Eggwalkers.”
