6.29
Page 41
“Furthermore, I would like to clarify a detail surrounding the battle for Liscor as it is being referred to, against the Goblin Lord’s army. For right or wrong, Liscor’s army did fight. But a fraction held the walls and took to the field. Statistically, Pallass’ army spilled twenty eight times more blood than Liscor’s army did on the field. They held the walls. And the Antinium took to the field before Wing Commander Embria.”
This time, there was silence. Erin leaned over to Pawn.
“Oh snap.”
The 4th Company of Liscor’s army was giving Klbkch a death-glare as was Wing Commander Embria. Lism’s face mottled.
“Are you—Senior Guardsman Klbkch—accusing Wing Commander Embria and the heroes, no martyrs who gave their lives of cowardice? How dare you. How—”
“I do not make any allegations of cowardice, Shopkeeper Lism. I only respectfully point out that if there is a debt in blood to be honored, it is to be shared with the Antinium and Goblins who died to the last to stop the Goblin Lord. For they did die. Goblins attacked Liscor. And Goblins saved it.”
“Lies! That was a Goblin civil war, not some grand act of goodness!”
Lism bellowed loud enough to make the shutters rattle on nearby apartments. Klbkch’s voice snapped back, calm and collected as the ice.
“Shopkeeper Lism. I am Senior Guardsman Klbkch. I do not lie. To do so would be a violation of my duty. And you are one of the people I am sworn to protect and serve, sir. That duty I will uphold until death and after it. Regardless of how I am perceived in your eyes. Goblins fought for Liscor. And they did so to save the city. That is the truth. I will swear it on a truth detection spell. Will you do the same?”
The Drake hesitated. Before he could reply, Klbkch turned. And his voice rose by another order of magnitude.
“Wing Commander Embria is a hero of Liscor. And so is Watch Captain Zevara. They held the walls and they held the breach. But they did not assail the Goblin Lord. They did not give their lives for the city. My Soldiers did. I would remind those listening that they died for this city. And the Antinium believe in Krshia Silverfang’s vision for Liscor. They believe it is something worth dying to protect.”
The Drakes and Gnolls quieted. They listened, and looked at Klbkch. And he stood alone, in a circle of people who were not his own.
“I regret that I am unable to bring forwards a company of the victorious Soldiers who fought against the Goblin Lord. But they perished in the line of their duties, unlike the 4th Company of Liscor. And yet, a hero of that battle does stand with us.”
His head turned. Pawn, standing a few feet away from him, had a terrible premonition and began to back away. Klbkch looked at him. And Pawn felt Selys grab his arm and look pleadingly at him. But the Worker was shaking his head frantically as more and more Drakes and Gnolls looked at him and remembered.
“I have heard that true heroes never die. This is true of the Antinium. If Wing Commander Embria stands here, it is only fair that a hero of the Antinium answer her.”
“No. No.”
Pawn resisted the clawed hands pushing him forwards. He was going to shout at Klbkch. He could not do this. But strangely, Klbkch was not looking at him. His head had turned past Pawn. And slowly, Pawn’s head turned too. And he heard it.
A shout. A cry that rent the air. Above the shouting of the crowd, Lism’s failing voice charm. Shouts. And then screams.
“The Antinium are invading! Sound the alarm!”
