6.29
Page 39
“You. I am tired. But you are my greatest work yet. You, who know why the Antinium struggle. Go. And show me something that can rival the true Antinium. Show me a new kind of Antinium.”
She received no reply. Garry looked back at the Free Queen and tugged Bird towards the door. The Worker, lying on his back, stared up as he passed by Soldiers. He blinked and his antennae waved. He spoke almost hesitantly.
“Hello. My name is Bird.”
“I know.”
 
—-
 
Two sides met and mingled in Market Street. But the debate, no, the argument had taken a life of its own across the city. Somehow, the debate had changed. It wasn’t ‘should we have an election’, it was ‘who will we choose?’ And the easy question became difficult.
“Let me ask you something, people of Liscor. Do we want more adventurers crowding our city? Do we need the Antinium to do the jobs of our [Builders], [Bricklayers], and [Masons]? And, with respect to ‘honored Krshia’, is she really the best person for the Council?”
Lism stood on his platform and shouted at the crowd. Drakes booed Krshia. Some Gnolls looked unhappy. The 4th Company of Liscor’s army marched, their breastplates gleaming in the sun. Lism pointed at them.
“For your consideration, citizens of Liscor! A hero of Liscor! And Wing Commander Embria does not trust the Antinium. Do you?”
On the other side, Krshia growled and her Gnolls howled insults and Drakes shouted insults at Lism’s crowd.
“The army sent back only a hundred soldiers in Liscor’s direst hour! Is that heroism? The Antinium fought for the city! They saved it from the Necromancer, no? Is that not worthy of trust?”
The crowd split and mingled. Lism bellowed, his scales flushed with rage.
“Who held the line in front of Liscor? Our army! Who kept the Goblins from the breach, who foiled Tyrion Veltras’ plans? Wing Commander Embria!”
“Hero of Liscor? You mean, Butcher of Liscor! It was Goblins who saved the city. An army of them, not a hundred or so [Soldiers]!”
Krshia bellowed back. But not everyone was with her, not even her own species. In the crowd, Erin looked up at Lism, fists clenched. Pawn was silent. Hurt. He wanted to leave the crowd, but Lyonette was holding his hand tightly. She glared up at Lism. Selys’ voice was tight.
“You get up there, Erin. Tell him to go walk into a Shield Spider nest.”
“No.”
“You’re more of a hero than Embria ever—”
“No.”
Drassi looked at Zevara and Selys.
“Not that I’m saying this is a good idea, but what about Numbtong—”
“No.”
Everyone around Drassi chorused that. A Goblin wasn’t the right person to call a hero at this moment. More than a few citizens around Lism were waving old banners, Drake banners with heraldry of Dragons, or Liscor’s symbol, a cut line bisecting the outline of Izril. The city that divided a continent.
And it was a divided crowd that Lism crowed to. He pointed at Krshia.
“Butcher? Harsh words for someone who fought! Wing Commander Embria held the line to defend our city. She had orders, and for Liscor, she would have died. She is a daughter of the city, and she does not trust the Antinium. Wing Commander?”
There was a shuffle. Wing Commander Embria got onto the podium, looking upset. But her voice was clear as she spoke.
“The Antinium cannot be trusted. Will you trust them with the walls of our city? Why not let honest Drakes and Gnolls build it with their own claws? Why not let us defend our home?”
She raised her spear and the 4th Company shouted in reply. The crowd looked at Krshia. And the Gnoll had no one to hold up.
