6.29
Page 9
“I’ll petition the Council to allow Antinium to serve as members of the Watch. We could bring as many as a hundred Soldiers onto the walls, or swear in those patrols as formal members of the City Watch. They’ll be full [Guardsmen]. Like you, Klbkch. That’s what I can offer.”
Zevara folded her claws together. She met Klbkch’s gaze. And he detected the nerves in Selys’ twitching tail as well. They wanted this.
“We can offer something else too, Klbkch. Not gold. But…we could give some Antinium formal citizenship. Like Pawn. He wouldn’t be allowed to travel to other Drake cities I’m sure, but it would be a first. Or we could…I don’t know. What do you think?”
Again, Klbkch didn’t immediately reply. He looked from face to face at the two female Drakes and paused. His mind was…not whirling. It was doing the exact opposite of whirl, in fact. Klbkch existed in a cold, calm place, and the thoughts that passed through his mind were unaffiliated with the chaos of emotion. But he did like what he thought.
A seat on the Council? Watch Captain Zevara was offering to expand the Antinium’s role in the City Watch? This was everything he had ever wanted. And more. Klbkch calmed himself.
No, he couldn’t offer too much. What was appropriate? Reluctantly, or rather, feigning the emotion, Klbkch opened his mandibles.
“I suppose the Hive could agree to a very lenient building contract with Liscor. The Antinium are certainly capable of mass construction, although sourcing the stone will be an issue. As will constructing such a huge area. The Hive’s Worker population may be unable to handle the entirety of the task themselves, you understand?”
The two nodded hurriedly. Klbkch nodded as well, though that was a barefaced lie. He could pull two thousand Workers out of the Hive to begin construction tomorrow if need be. And he would. Selys hurriedly spoke up.
“Stone can be quarried. We have the High Passes around here; there are some good sources of stone, or so Krshia claims. But the Antinium being willing to help pay for the costs is the thing. Would—your Queen be willing to do so?”
“I would need to consult with her. I believe she would be extremely reluctant to part with the Hive’s resources for the city, despite our mutual alliance. However—I am sure I could offer Liscor appropriate aid. Yes. If the Hive were to fund…twenty percent of all the costs of construction and offer our Workers at a largely discounted rate, would that be sufficient? I can also say with authority that the Hive could contribute t—two thousand gold pieces to additional funds for the City Watch and Adventurer’s Guild. Annually?”
Klbkch watched Selys and Zevara’s faces closely. Both of them gasped.
“Two thousand gold a year?”
“Twenty percent?”
Klbkch was relieved he hadn’t said twenty thousand gold pieces. He clicked his mandibles softly.
“Ah. The Hive does have a surplus of funds at the moment. We could of course offer something more. But I am afraid that the Hive’s expenditures have to be taken into account. If this is unacceptable…”
“No, no. It’s wonderful! If it were ten percent, and you only discounted the price of construction—Krshia is going to be ecstatic when she hears this!”
Selys beamed as she looked at Zevara. Klbkch nodded. Now, carefully, carefully…he held up a finger.
“There are a few conditions, however. I am afraid that my Queen would never accept the Antinium expanding their role in the City Watch as an equitable trade, even as allies.”
Zevara’s head swung back to Klbkch.
“She wouldn’t? I mean, why not?”
