6.29
Page 27
“No disasters! No one knocks down a wall or—or you somehow invite a group of Half-Giant [Architects] to the city! Got it?”
“Do half-Giant [Architects] exist? I wonder if Moore knows any.”
“Gah! Selys, do something about her!”
“Calm down, Zevara. Erin’s not doing anything. This is our idea. She can’t—”
“Raise those walls! Raise those walls!”
“Elections! Gnolls on the Council!”
“Vote for Krshia! How do we vote?”
“No more Antinium!”
The voice cut through the shouting. It was a strident shout, a piercing note of dissonance. The crowd quieted. Zevara closed her eyes. And Krshia’s head turned around. Her smiling face turned into a snarl.
Pawn looked left. Coming down the street was a group of Drakes. Some Gnolls, but mostly Drakes. And they were being led by someone being carried on his own stall. Pawn didn’t recognize him until Selys hissed his name.
“Lism. Oh, Creler eggs. What is he doing now?”
The [Shopkeeper] swayed as his counter crowd advanced down the street. He came to a stop, grabbing at the side of his stall and glared at Krshia. His voice was a shout.
“Let Humans in to Liscor? Do you not remember the army that was besieging our city not a month ago? Hello?”
The jubilant mood of the crowd was gone in a second. Pawn was quite impressed. He stared as Lism shook a fist at Krshia.
“And what’s this? Antinium paying for Liscor? Excuse me, but am I the only one who sees a problem with that?”
“Only you could find a way to object to free money, Lism!”
Krshia snapped back to a laugh from the crowd. Lism turned red, but Selys leaned over to Erin, looking worried.
“What is he doing here? Krshia chased him off once, but he’s got a crowd behind him. Is he trying to stop the election?”
Drassi snorted. She’d come up on Selys’ other side and leaned on her friend.
“He’s just a blowhard. Who’s going to argue against expanding the city if it’s cheap? And free money? We’ll take that from the Antinium, thanks!”
The Gnolls around her nodded. But Selys looked worried. So did Zevara. And Pawn, looking at Lism, saw the Drake sneer at Krshia.
“You think the Antinium do anything for free? You’re delusional, Silverfang. And what’s this about having them construct the city? Would you trust walls built by the Antinium? They’re the only thing that’s kept the Antinium from wiping us out!”
He pointed dramatically at the walls of Liscor in the distance. The crowd craned their necks to see. Krshia folded her arms and glared.
“You say that, but unless you can solve our housing issue—”
Lism bawled over her, cutting Krshia off with sheer force of volume!
“I don’t need to hear a bad idea to refute it! No Antinium walls! No Ant builders! No Humans taking our city!”
“No Humans! No more walls!”
The crowd chanted behind him. They weren’t larger than Krshia’s crowd, but this group was organized and united. Some of the listeners began looking towards Lism instead of Krshia. The Gnolls around Erin, Selys, and Pawn looked disgusted. Krshia growled.
“You’d do nothing, Lism? You’re as bad as the Council!”
“Hah! I’d do better than you, Silverfang! And I wouldn’t be a tool of the Antinium! People, don’t listen to this furball! If you want leadership, vote for me, Lism!” 
The Drake struck a pose to cheers from the people around him. The Gnolls shouted in outrage.
“Furball!?”
“Not an hour ago you were against an election. Why the sudden change of heart?”
Krshia shouted back at Lism. The Drake laughed at her.
“If we do have an election, why not run? And what’s more, I can promise better than Antinium gold and Antinium favors!”
“Lies. Pure lies! You don’t have anything to offer!”
