6.29
Page 40
The issue was dividing the crowd. Goblins and Antinium. Humans and open borders versus the Walled Cities and Liscor’s army. It wasn’t that Lism was making great points; it was just that whenever Krshia tried to poke holes in his words, he’d have the drums begin banging or shout over her.
“Do we even need an election? Why not let the army send their reinforcements? Why risk doing things like Pallass? Do we need to deal with this?”
Lism changed his stance a third time, appealing to the parts of the crowd that were sick of the argument on the streets. Krshia opened her mouth and shouted back at him.
“Are you afraid of Gnolls on the Council, Lism?”
“I’m not the one trying to strike a deal with the Antinium to steal a spot, Silverfang. Why do you feel entitled to a seat?”
Lism sneered back. Krshia glowered.
“Why not put it to a vote, then? An honest vote?”
“Oh, sure, sure! Let me see. Vote for the Gnoll who came here ten years ago or a Drake that’s lived in Liscor all his life? And who has the support of a hero of Liscor?”
Lism raised his arms to another cheer from his supporters. Selys ground her teeth together.
“That’s not even an argument! He’s just making noise! Krshia’s getting killed up there! Erin, come on, you can shout something at Lism.”
She grabbed Erin’s arm. But the young woman looked sick as she stared at Lism.
“I don’t want to.”
“Erin—of all the times—!”
“If she does not wish to speak, it would be a minor felony to force her to do so against her will, Miss Selys. This is a warning, although I am not currently on duty.”
A voice spoke up from behind Selys. Pawn turned. Watch Captain Zevara blinked.
“Klbkch?”
The Antinium had appeared out of the crowd. He calmly surveyed the scene.
“I seem to have arrived in time. And I understand this argument has gone against Shopkeeper Krshia? I see. Her ability to debate Shopkeeper Lism is impaired. She is using rational arguments. The trick is to employ words like swords. Something I had to learn from people who were not Antinium.”
“What?”
Everyone around Klbkch stared at him. But Pawn only looked at Klbkch and silently moved out of the way. Klbkch walked past him.
“If you would allow me, Watch Captain Zevara, I believe I can assist Miss Krshia at this moment.”
“If you think you can—be my guest!”
Klbkch nodded. He reached for a stone at his throat and clicked his mandibles.
Click.
The sound made the entire crowd wince. Lism swore at the same volume and looked around, clutching at his earholes.
“Who on—oh. One of them.”
He pointed at Klbkch with disgust. Some of the Drakes among his supporters made disgusted expressions, but most of the crowd, even those supporting Lism, turned to Klbkch with curiosity. The [Soldiers] in Embria’s 4th Company were among those who glared at Klbkch. The Antinium made a sound like clearing his throat.
“Good evening. Pardon my interruption. I would simply like to clarify a few details for the sake of accuracy. To begin with, the Antinium have no goal of sabotaging Liscor or its walls. Our offer to assist with the construction of Liscor’s walls and contribute funds to the city was made with goodwill. I deeply regret any misunderstandings that have occurred due to lack of clarification.”
He gazed steadily at Lism as he said that. The [Shopkeeper] flushed.
“Well, how can we trust—”
This time it was Klbkch who spoke over Lism.
