6.29
Page 16
The [Sergeant] shrugged. He stared at Pawn and then sat next to him. That was his way. As any Soldier, Purple Smiles couldn’t speak, but his hands did the talking. Thumbs-up, a walking hand, another thumb, a pointing finger—his crude, Soldier’s fingers on his four hands constructed a message.
“Thank you. It was a good prayer? And…I should go for a walk?”
Nod. Pawn looked at Purple Smile’s finger.
“The inn? Maybe later. I’m sure Erin’s busy.”
Purple Smiles stared at Pawn. Both Antinium knew he was lying, or rather, avoiding saying what he meant. It was not an Antinium thing. But Purple Smiles didn’t give up. Slowly, he urged Pawn up, taking the Worker’s arm as carefully as if he were clutching paper. And the Worker couldn’t very well refuse. Purple Smiles had given so much. He still fought against the monsters of the dungeon. And Pawn had asked so much of the Soldiers. If they asked him anything—
“Very well. Where should I walk?”
Around. Purple Smiles gestured. Pawn nodded. Slowly, he walked around the barracks. His body felt…tired. He’d been doing a lot of sitting. And remembering. Thinking, really. Thinking of how things had come to this.
Look. Look at the barracks now. It was incomparable to before. The barracks of the Painted Soldiers was now more of a wing; the tight, intersecting tunnels had been excavated as the barracks grew, becoming larger, with a more open design than any standard Antinium area. Something that reflected the architecture above, with a higher ceiling, the space to move without being cramped.
An echo of the sky. And the colors that shone from the walls were nowhere to be found in the Hive. If Pawn had not known what this was, he would have thought he had stumbled into a magical land here. Soldiers were free to rest. And they had things to occupy themselves. Fun. Games. Things no Antinium had ever dreamed of.
They had paid a bloody price for it. Once again. Only, this time it had cost Yellow Splatters. Cost a hundred Painted Soldiers. Was that the new equation? Was every step forward bathed in the blood of the Painted Antinium? Pawn feared it was.
Hence his despair. For what was right? It was good, beautiful that the Painted Antinium existed. But the cost—the cost they paid so willingly—Pawn wasn’t sure if his heart could bear it.
It was the argument he had had so many times in the past. And again, there would be no answer. But Pawn couldn’t avoid it. He walked past Soldiers. And then he remembered his duties and paused. He asked them what they were doing, spoke to them. And he saw that they were happy. One showed him a clay cup. Another a picture in a well-worn book. And that was all they had ever wanted. No—they had never wanted this because they had never known it existed.
And perhaps if he had been like them, he would have been happy despite the deaths. But Pawn had dreamed of heaven. And that glorious sight was too much for a mortal mind to bear. He had heard of salvation. And he craved it. So Pawn kept walking. Until he reached one of the entrances to the barracks. And an entering Antinium nearly ran into him.
It was a near miss. Unlike the usual order of the Hive, Workers and Painted Soldiers were free to move about as they pleased. So only in this place did collisions occur. And when they did—no one got hurt. Why would they? The Antinium’s bodies were covered in shells. It was just a funny peculiarity.
