6.29
Page 28
Krshia howled. Lism smirked.
“Oh, I don’t, do I? Everyone, please direct your attention that way! Wing Commander, please take your men forwards!”
There was a moment of silence as the crowd turned to look. Zevara, standing in front of Pawn, suddenly groaned.
“Wing Commander? Oh no—”
Pawn heard the first beat of the marching drum like a tingle on the back of his carapace. Then the ratatatattat of the drum sounded and trumpets began to blow a triumphal melody. Pawn looked up and saw the crowd parting.
They marched down the street four abreast, as precise as a unit of Antinium Soldiers. Their armor was polished. Their neck spines oiled; their fur combed. The [Soldiers] were Drakes and Gnolls, but their insignia marked them. Liscor’s sons and daughters.
The army of Liscor. They came down the street like thunder. One of the Drake [Captains] roared above the sound of the trumpets and beating drum.
“4th Company! Present arms!”
The Drakes and Gnolls unsheathed their blades and held them out. The crowd jumped back, but the 4th Company’s track was perfectly calculated. They walked forwards, their feet a solid pounding beat accompanying the drums. And at their head rode a Drake whose scales were as fiery as the blush on her cheeks.
“Citizens of Liscor, I give you the hero of the Battle for Liscor. Wing Commander Embria!”
Lism roared over the sound. Krshia stared. She pointed at Embria.
“What is she doing here? This is not a military affair! The army left Liscor in our darkest—”
“The army was here! They held the line! Or do you forget that the 4th Company fought and died outside our walls?”
Lism bawled at the crowd. The Drakes, even the Gnolls, looked ashamed for a moment. The 4th Company did indeed have conspicuous holes in the hundred that had first come to Liscor. Krshia tried to shout something, but Lism had the momentum. And perhaps a voice-enhancing spell, because his voice resounded even over the marching 4th Company.
“The army defended us! It was Drake [Soldiers] and Gnoll [Guardsmen] on that wall! More than the Antinium. Liscor defended itself! And the army was here. If they had known the Goblin Lord was assaulting Liscor, our army would have come back in force to smash both the Goblins and Tyrion Veltras to bits! But I agree with honored Krshia. We should have more than just one company! That’s why if I’m elected, I’ll call for three more companies to be stationed permanently in Liscor!”
The thump thump thump of the boots was a backdrop to Lism’s voice as well as the beat of the drums.
“I’ve spoken with our High Command and they’ve agreed to send permanent reinforcements to aid our heroic City Watch. We don’t need foreigners and Ants flooding our city. I hear the Antinium want to bring more of their kind in. The High Command has also approved to fund Liscor’s walls with honest money the army earned themselves! Vote for me, and we’ll bring our army back! Bring them back! Bring them back!”
The crowd howled the same words behind Lism.
“Bring them back! No more Ants! No more Humans! Bring them back!”
Lism stood on his platform and raised a hand. Embria had reached him. Reluctantly, the Wing Commander looked around from the back of her restless steed. Lism pointed at her, raising a claw clenched in triumph.
“Wing Commander Embria stands with me for a united Liscor! A hero of the Battle for Liscor supports Lism Swifttail! Remember that! Who will back Krshia Silverfang? Not one of our army’s finest! Vote for Lism! Market Street! A vote for Lism is a vote against Krshia! A vote for a sane Liscor!”
