6.29
Page 24
Pawn reached out. Belgrade stepped back. He held his plans in his four hands. And his voice cracked. But he was no Aberration. He was just Belgrade. Trembling. Suddenly shaking, his stoic demeanor gone.
“Tell me. What am I now? Pawn?”
And there was no answer Pawn could give. But at the same time, he could have never been still. He threw all four arms around Belgrade. The two Workers shivered, and Pawn slowly dragged Belgrade back. Out of that room filled with traps. The other Autonomous Workers helped Pawn pull Belgrade up as the [Tactician] protested weakly. Out of the dark Hive, and into the light. Towards the inn, where Belgrade sat and shook and Pawn called for Erin. And the patrol sat in the sunlight and drank blue fruit juice. And that was special.
Pawn sat in the familiar inn, because he was special and he had been there more times than he could count. And he saw how Anand was wrong and right at the same time. Erin came out with Lyonette, and hugged Belgrade. And the [Tactician] stopped shaking. Pawn explained, and Erin’s face contorted with sadness. And that was a crime in itself.
But for the first time, as he explained Belgrade’s anguish, Pawn saw the uncertainty on her face. As if she had no idea how to comfort the [Tactician] who had counted every Antinium he’d ever lost. And he wondered if that expression had been on her face from the very start and he’d never noticed. Pawn wished he hadn’t seen it. But it was important that he had.
Everything changes.
 
—-
 
She might not have known what to do. But she found out. It was a warm cup of milk, a blanket, a dozen hugs. A gentle song as she rocked Belgrade. A flower from outside held up in a white Gnoll’s paw. And a pretty lie.
“It’s going to be alright, Belgrade. It’s alright.”
Erin held her old friend. And Belgrade calmed. And eventually, he looked at Erin timidly.
“Do you have time to play a game of Go, Erin? Anand and I have wished to play you for a long time.”
The [Innkeeper] laughed.
“Of course I can. Settle down over here; I’ll get a board. Who else wants to play? You? And you? Who are you?”
“This one is Archer B23.”
“Oh. Oh? That’s a good name!”
“Yes it is. Thank you.”
“And who are you?”
“Archer B1.”
“That’s a good name too! Alright, you sit here and I’ll show you how to play if you don’t know. Someone get more milk for these guys?”
Lyonette grabbed a pitcher of warm milk by the fire. She brought it over and whispered.
“Erin, they’re acting on stage.”
“Oh. Right, right! I’ll lower my voice. Everyone who wants to watch, sit over there. I’ll go over here and teach these guys. Be shush. Hey, Archer B23. Do you know Bird?”
Pawn smiled. He sat with Lyonette. The [Princess] sat next to him, watching the rest of the Soldiers and Workers taking tables closer to the stage. The Players of Celum, clearly pleased to have an audience not heckling them, decided it was time to put a full performance of Hamlet on.
“You haven’t been here lately, Pawn.”
“No. I’m sorry, Lyonette. But I’ve been—”
Her hand found his on the table.
“You don’t have to explain. I’m just glad you came up. With Belgrade.”
“Yes.”
And somehow, Lyonette’s silence was more comforting than anything Belgrade or Anand had said. It was a good silence. And Pawn sat with her as Mrsha crawled up onto a chair next to Lyonette and decided to nap on her other side. And he sat there for…he couldn’t have said how long. Watching the play. Until the door burst open and Ceria shouted into the inn.
“It’s a damn election!”
