6.29
Page 19
The Soldiers fell into line. The Workers followed Pawn, excited, as he strode down the tunnels. Nearly forty Antinium walked behind Pawn. It would be the biggest patrol ever allowed onto Liscor’s streets outside of a battle. Pawn didn’t care. He marched towards the front lines, where the dungeon met the Hive. The fortified sections of tunnel weren’t rushing with activity, which meant there was no fighting. And indeed, Anand was standing in a war room, speaking calmly.
“Shore up the first layer of Belgrade’s traps. Archer Group F will delegate ten members. Bring up five Painted Soldiers and send twenty regular Soldiers and fifteen Workers. In notation, this order will be: Shore 1st Layer. Reinforcements: archer F, 10. Painted 5, 20 S, 15 W. Execute. Are we clear on the details?”
“Yes, Individual Anand.”
A group of Workers chorused around Anand. Pawn stopped, surprised. Anand was standing around a map of the Hive. And the Workers around him were…the [Tactician] mumbled to himself, clicking his mandibles.
“The notation is flawed. Once we implement unit designations across all the Hive, it will be easier to specify exact numbers from exact groups. Until then, draw from the reserves first and then the nearest tunnel not bracing for action or engaged. I trust your judgment. One of you send the message. Now, I—Pawn?”
He looked up, surprised. One of the Workers hurried down the corridor. Pawn stepped forwards.
“Anand. Am I interrupting you?”
“No. There is no fighting. Belgrade’s traps—Pawn, it is good to see you moving. What is this? Reinforcements?”
“No. A patrol. I was hoping to get Archer Group F to bring them to the surface for the first time. What is this?”
The two Workers met, stepping past all the other silent Antinium. Pawn and Anand, two of the original members of Erin’s chess club. Anand opened his mouth in a smile and Pawn did likewise. They had both changed. But they were connected. Always.
“I am maintaining the defense of the Hive, Pawn. Belgrade is supervising the construction. I can pull Archer Group F and replace them if you want them. Someone go rescind the order. Order Archer Group C to fill their role. You…Steinitz.”
He pointed to a Worker. Pawn stared as the Worker sped off after the first Worker.
“Steinitz? That Worker is an Autonomous Worker too?”
“Yes. They aren’t Individual. But they have names and they passed Revalantor Klbkch’s test. All of them are now [Archers] or assisting me in my war room instead of regular Worker duties.”
Anand gestured to the group of Workers around him. Pawn stared.
“Why?”
“It was my idea, Pawn. Mine and Belgrade’s, on order of Revalantor Klbkch. These semi-Individual Workers aren’t like we were. You understand that after meeting them, don’t you?”
“Yes. But why—”
“To teach them. And so they level. Having regular Workers fill the role won’t level them much. But some of these Workers—Archer Group A has two of their members who are Level 7 [Archers] already! Imagine what will happen if they reach Level 10? Or Level 20?”
Pawn nodded slowly.
“They’re valuable. Like the Painted Soldiers.”
Anand caught the note in his voice. He turned back to Pawn, his antennae twitching apologetically.
“Strategist. I am a [Tactician], Pawn. But there’s someone I want to introduce you to. You, come forwards.”
He pointed to the Worker who’d been standing closest to Anand. The Worker approached. Anand gestured to him.
“Pawn. This is Bishop.”
