6.29
Page 11
“We see eye-to-eye in that at least, Klbkch. Ever since the Second Antinium War when the Antinium helped fight the Necromancer off—so you’re saying the other Hives don’t share any of your Hive’s views? The Free Antinium, you said? As opposed to…?”
She was fishing. And even Selys could tell that, from the way she glanced sideways at her companion. But that was fine; Klbkch was willing to give any number of details away. He pretended it was an innocuous statement.
“As opposed to the Armored Antinium or the Silent Antinium, yes. Excuse me. I am aware your people do not differentiate between our Hives. Yes. The ideological rift between our Hives is somewhat considerable. Hence my proposal to allow other Antinium into the city. One group has already come to witness the benefits of mutual cooperation between the Hive and Drake cities.”
“Really.”
Zevara’s tail twitched. Klbkch had no doubt this was all going down into a report. He nodded, mixing fact with fiction. And mostly fact, to be honest.
“There will be Prognugators among those I invite to the cities. They are to the Hives what Watch Captains are to Drake Cities. These individuals alone may sway their Queens. They must come here and know that Drakes are not a single-minded enemy who will show the Antinium no quarter.”
This time the Watch Captain’s lips twitched.
“The Antinium think we’re a single-minded foe incapable of diplomacy?”
Zevara’s face told Klbkch she was unsure of whether or not to be proud. That was unexpected, but Klbkch capitalized on the emotion. He nodded slowly and deliberately.
“The Antinium learn slowly in some regards. And you must understand, Watch Captain, we did not sweep through Izril as planned. The Drakes are a formidable foe, as are the Gnolls. And our perspective is colored. Recall that before the Antinium ever came to Izril, our only contact with a surface species were the people of Rhir. We had…many, many years of conflict with them.”
“Trust the Blighted Kingdom to attack first and never try for diplomacy ever.”
The Watch Captain looked amused. Klbkch nodded.
“They are the more belligerent of the two peoples I mentioned, yes, Watch Captain. But you understand my point, I trust. The Antinium can learn. And allowing more representatives of other Hives into the city may lead to an alternative to war.”
“Yes. Yes. But…”
Zevara’s eyes were flickering rapidly. She glanced up, meeting Klbkch’s multi-faceted eyes for a while.
“So allowing Antinium visitors would benefit Liscor greatly, wouldn’t it, Klbkch? That’s generous of you.”
She was suspicious. Klbkch spread his hands on the table.
“It would facilitate a number of advantages for my Queen. Having the rights to allow Antinium visitors from other Hives would be a right she possessed that the other Queens lacked. This matters to the Antinium. I am unsure if I can explain the nuance.”
“No, I get it.”
Zevara grinned tightly. She drummed her claws on the table. Restlessly, she pushed back her chair a bit.
“So that’s the offer? Allow the Hive to expand past our original borders and give Antinium the right to enter the city? And allow more on the streets, I suppose? In exchange for Antinium construction aid and money for the Watch and Adventurer’s Guild.”
“It may be possible to negotiate some of the terms, but yes, Watch Captain. I think that is the least my Queen would take.”
Klbkch was lying. He would gladly take either offer and offer twice what he’d just given Zevara. Just to have Krshia Silverfang on the Council would be a boon worth twenty thousand gold pieces in itself. But he pretended to be conflicted.
