6.29
Page 33
“Why? Because they have strength? Numbers? A thicker carapace? That is not strength. An army of Soldiers fights together. It is true. The Antinium have cohesion. But the True Antinium were beyond that. If you had seen them, you would understand. An army of True Antinium Soldiers moved as one being. They looked with a thousand eyes. Thought with a thousand minds. Thus linked, an army of Soldiers could outmaneuver most [Strategists], and fight with a unity no other force could match. Imagine it. A Soldier could dodge a blow from behind, or know a charge was coming without needing to hear. He would comprehend and react at the speed of thought!”
“Oh.”
Garry nodded. Bird opened his mandibles.
“But we all react at the speed of thought. Don’t we?”
Garry and the Free Queen looked down at him. Bird shrank.
“Don’t we? Am I wrong? I am wrong. Wrong…”
The Free Queen patted his stomach gently. Bird stop rocking.
“They thought with every mind present, Bird. That is the difference. Consider this. One of the abilities of the True Antinium was the power to coordinate flawlessly over long distances. Queens could work together in small groups or by the hundreds and amplify our connection. It was known as a Unitasis Network—we formed a similar bond during the First and Second Antinium Wars, the few of us that remained. But we had to route our connections through our Prognugators, and at distance we lost focus, cohesion. If we had armies of True Antinium, we would have not needed to strain so to make our voices heard. We would not have needed Prognugators.”
“Because we would have all been linked. One command would have reached us all.”
The Free Queen nodded. Garry understood. He looked up at her.
“Is that what we lost, my Queen? In our voyage across the sea?”
She looked down at him, startled. Dark memories swam across the Free Queen’s mind, but she chased them back. She bent down.
“What do you know of the crossing of the ocean, Garry?”
He shrank. The Free Queen forced herself to pull her head back.
“Only—only what Anand said, my Queen. He found a book. About the Antinium Wars. It said that we lost many ships leaving Rhir. Were we on Rhir?”
The question was both painful and offensive. The Free Queen recoiled from Garry and her body rose, almost convulsing. She raised her limbs furiously. And then paused. He did not know. It was not his fault. Garry flinched, looking up at his Queen. When she spoke, her voice was taut.
“You have never witnessed the True Antinium. You cannot imagine it, little Garry, little Bird. But the six remaining Queens of the Antinium remember. Xrn. Ksmvr. Wrymvr. The last of the Centenium. They remember. Yes. We were on Rhir. We may still be. And we left it. And we were glorious. Look around. Look around my chambers. Look upon me. Walk the length of our Hive. And understand this if nothing else, Garry, Bird. What you think is the Antinium is nothing less than a fraction of what we are. What we were.”
They looked up at her. And they had no reference, no frame to understand. But the Free Queen tried to make them understand. Suddenly, she was gripped by that horrible compulsion. She tried to project it to them as if they were Klbkchhezeim. But they were deaf and mute.
“You think this Hive is large? It is small. Insignificant. You think I am a proper Queen? I am weak. Compared to my predecessors, I am a fool. A fool, and pathetic.”
“But you are our Queen.”
Garry’s voice was small. The Free Queen paused. Then she shook her head.
