6.29
Page 5
That was how Klbkch lived. How he lived almost every day, in fact. Caught between maintaining the Hive, remembering the past, thinking of the distant, possibly unobtainable future, and being surprised by how his Hive had changed almost without him knowing.
He did not dream of the future, and he seldom slept. He had a job to do and he did it, with every hour he spent awake. He was driven, a perfect example of what was Antinium surrounded by fake copies. Klbkch walked and remembered.
Once, they had been better.
 
—-
 
Selys Shivertail peered into the Hive and shivered, true to her last name. It was a full-body shiver that had nothing to do with cold; the dark tunnel leading downwards was purely ominous. And worse, Selys could see the half-hidden shapes of the Soldiers waiting in their alcoves. The Drake danced from foot to foot nervously, and then looked at the Drake beside her.
“I’m going to wet myself if one of them so much as moves. Can’t we stand further back?”
The Drake standing next to her with light blue scales, a very fit figure, and a more muscular, yet shorter and less curved tail than Selys’ turned her head. Watch Captain Zevara shook her head after a moment’s pause and resumed staring into the Hive.
“They won’t attack so long as we don’t go down into the tunnel. Even if you slip, you’ll be fine. And if you need to pee, do it over there.”
She shooed Selys over to the side. Selys bit her tongue at Zevara’s dismissive tone. But she was also embarrassed. The [Receptionist] turned [Heiress] squared her shoulders a touch indignantly.
“You’ve done this all the time then? It’s my first time looking into the Hive.”
“Really? I have to talk with Klbkch often. This is how we do it.”
Selys remembered Zevara walking a few feet into the Hive and calling out for Klbkch as the Soldiers moved to block the way. That had been a moment she was going to remember in her nightmares. Yes, the Soldiers were part of Liscor. And yes, Selys even knew some Antinium like Pawn and liked them. Still, the sight of a dozen huge shapes stepping out of the walls with all four fists raised, ready to kill—
“Uh—so. What do you do on your days off, Zevara? I’ve never really seen you outside of work. Not that I really see you around. Do you um, dance? In bars? There’s this really good one that I went to the other day. It’s this troupe at Wishdrinks. They play really well. Have you been to Wishdrinks…?”
The Watch Captain turned her head slightly and gave Selys a fish eye glance.
Shut up, Selys, you’re embarrassing yourself! The younger Drake closed her mouth. She was only a bit younger than Zevara, but she felt like a hatchling. After a second, Zevara shrugged slightly.
“I don’t do much off-duty. Watch Captains have to work all hours. You know that.”
“Right, right.”
Silence. After a second, Zevara checked her posture.
“…I tend to drink at bars where most of the City Watch goes when they’re off-duty. Other than that? I might read a book. Clean my apartment. Sometimes I pay for a mage-show, or go to an event with some of the Senior Guardsmen. Wishdrinks is out of my budget most of the time, though. I’d like to visit it sometime.”
“Oh! Me too. I mean, it was. Until I uh, earned some money. You should join me sometime. I’m sure my friends would be delighted to meet you.”
“Hm. Perhaps. I wouldn’t want to spoil the atmosphere. A Watch Captain tends to drag down a night’s entertainment.”
“Ah…”
More silence. The two Drakes looked at each other. Selys hesitated.
“Maybe with Erin?”
“The H—Erin Solstice?”
