6.29
Page 36
The Free Queen’s limbs trembled. The hole in her was opening, trying to swallow her again. She looked around reflexively, but there was nothing to eat. Two Workers stared up at her. So she finished the story, bitterly.
“I lost my mentor. She died before my eyes. I saw our Grand Queen’s ship go down. Our species died there, on the water. We were supposed to be the hope. In a decade we would have returned to Rhir bringing justice and retribution. Instead, we are locked in a struggle. Forced to a stalemate by a handful of species incapable of working together. That is the Antinium of now. But we were greater then. She was greater than I will ever be.”
“Who?”
Garry asked, but the Free Queen could not speak her name. She retreated, sinking down. And the word beat at her mind, a scream of longing, regret. Until she heard it.
“Bessachidia.”
The Free Queen thought she’d said it out loud. But the voice that spoke it was quiet. Male. She looked down. Bird stared up at her. He said the name again.
“Bessachidia. It is a pretty name.”
“How do you know that name?”
The Free Queen breathed slowly. Then not at all. She reached down. Bird tilted his head as she lifted him up, staring at him.
“I can hear it. Like a distant bird flapping. Very far away. Sometimes, it sounds like the other thoughts in my head. Or words. Is that what it is? Is that you, my Queen? I thought it was just me. Or something else.”
“You can hear me.”
“Maybe?”
Bird was uncertain. He looked at the Free Queen intently, like the birds he hunted. The Free Queen shook her head.
“You heard me. Then, at the battle with the Goblin Lord. You heard me and the Soldiers.”
“They were laughing. And sad. But laughing. Sometimes I hear things like that. You were very loud.”
“I was.”
“That was her name. A Queen had a name? Was—was she the Grand Queen?”
Garry’s voice was awed. The Free Queen laughed bitterly.
“She was not the Grand Queen. Bessachidia was my teacher. My mentor and one of the finest Queens ever to be created of the Hives. She was a Shaper Queen, a master of manipulating and creating the essence of which all Antinium are formed. She could weave forms as well as any but our First Queen. She might have even created something akin to one of the Centenium had she the resources and time.”
“Ooh.”
That was all Bird said. The Free Queen made a sound like laughter as she held him. And it was laughter; the True Antinium had known laughter, rare as it was. It was said the First Queen laughed before she died. But now the Free Queen thought of her mentor.
“Bessachidia. If she had lived, she could have brought all the war forms and images of our people to live on Izril, even alone. She could have created other Queens. And she could have fixed you in minutes, little one. I was meant to learn from her. Everything I have done now is based on the few lessons I learned. I, and the Silent Queen. But we were never Shaper Queens. We were just…”
Her voice trailed off. Birds looked up at her. Garry was trembling, overcome by too many emotions.
“Do you want to go back?”
“Where?”
“To Rhir. You said you’d go back. Was that a lie? Erin does not like it when I lie.”
The question paused the Free Queen. She stared at Bird. Then she nodded. Slowly.
“Yes. That is what we swore. And that is what the Grand Queen claims we will do, when Izril is ours. But I do not know if she believes. And the other Queens—I do not know if they believe.”
“Do you?”
