6.30
Page 16
He had been happier before. Deliriously happy. Overjoyed. But this was deeper. Quieter. Perhaps even more filling. The word was…satisfying. And Pawn thought he knew what heaven might be like. Someday, he would find out. But right now?
He was just happy.
 
—-
 
The stream of Painted Soldiers entering and leaving Erin Solstice’s inn was obviously a good source of revenue. And the efforts of the Antinium in clearing the Floodplains had naturally aided in keeping the population of Shield Spiders down. And yes, true, the new play was sure to be of note to anyone who valued such things. But for Liscor, the happenings of The Wandering Inn were, for once, relatively unimportant. Because something big was happening to Liscor.
Elections. Democracy. The streets were abuzz with the idea of both. And that was the narrative which gripped the hearts and minds of Liscor. Because the world revolved around this issue. The story, the narrative of destiny depended on the outcome. It wasn’t about Antinium, or the inn. The main story was, obviously, Liscor’s story. How could it not be? And the Antinium and Yellow Splatter’s revival, for all they were significant, were just a part of the real narrative. Backdrop.
And the election for Liscor’s City Council was heating up. In the city for the third day running, traffic around Market Street came to a nearly complete standstill. But the street was hardly inactive.
Krshia Silverfang stood on a platform, created by a pair of [Carpenters] overnight. She didn’t cup her hands to shout this time; she used a small speaking amulet to amplify her voice. And she was not alone.
“If we want to build a better Liscor, it starts with a better Council, yes? Funding for the City Watch! A better Adventurer’s Guild! A larger city! Force the Council to hold an election! And we will get to work.”
The Gnoll woman waved at the people standing to her right and left. And the crowd of Drakes and Gnolls in equal numbers looked up and murmured at the other three figures on the platform.
Raekea, one of the finest smiths in the city and the best [Armorer] in truth. Elirr, a beloved [Beast Trainer]. Senior Guardswoman Beilmark, a veteran [Guardswoman] trusted by all. They waved at the crowd, and got cheers of support. Krshia raised her voice.
“You all know these Gnolls! Each one is respected! Each one would help change the city! Isn’t it better to know who is on the Council, rather than let them elect themselves? Why should we not have a voice? If you agree, find the Council members! Ask them why they are not allowing a vote! And remember—we can have a better Liscor!”
She raised her paws to a huge cheer. Because Krshia’s message was a simple message, and her plan was easy to grasp. You could articulate it after hearing it once. And the Gnoll’s speech had legs.
Selys Shivertail, sitting in the shade of one of the stalls on a stool, watched how many people were moving past or in and out of Market Street. It occurred to her that Krshia could use one of the city’s plazas, but here was the thing: you could avoid a plaza. It was hard to avoid one of the most frequently-used streets in the city. And Krshia was campaigning in this district. Assuming the election got passed. Assuming she won.
But they were good assumptions as far as Selys was concerned. She eyed a group of excited young teenagers hurrying away and shot a glance to her left.
“Looks like we’re getting more and more people coming here to listen to Krshia by word of mouth alone. And a lot of people already heard her. Think they’ll put pressure on the Council?”
