6.30
Page 32
She groaned. Krshia uttered a few Gnoll curses and turned, calling for her crowd to form up. But to Selys’ surprise, this time Lism wasn’t heralded by a huge crowd. Instead, he was walking on his own two feet, followed by a gathering of onlookers—but not the vehement protesters that usually shouted insults at Krshia’s supporters. And the drummer was no [Soldier], but just a regular Gnoll [Drummer], banging a brisk beat on the drum.
“Vote for a better Liscor! Vote for walls! Vote for economy, independence! Vote for a Liscor you built yourself!”
Lism shouted, cupping his hands to amplify his voice even further with the aid of his amulet. Krshia, poised to ride the platform over the heads of the crowd, appeared with a large group of Gnolls. She stared down at Lism and looked around. It was almost comical without the huge crowds of yesterday. Krshia coughed, embarrassed, and called down at Lism.
“What are you doing, Lism? Causing more trouble? Is this your doing?”
She pointed at the huge flyer above the street. Lism smiled, shading his eyes to see.
“Ah. Like it, Krshia? Yes, it’s mine. Courtesy of a few [Scribes] I know! But I see they forgot to add my name to this particular one. It’s my campaign’s slogan. Like it?”
He gestured up at the flyer. The crowd looked at him, clearly confused. So did Krshia. She folded her arms.
“So you’re for an election suddenly? Are you flip-flopping on your word again?”
Lism gave her a huge smile.
“Only because I’ve had a change of heart! Yes! I am for an election! And we should build a new part of the city! By all means!”
He raised his hands. And the crowd behind him cheered. It was, after all, what Krshia had been saying all this time. Completely off-guard, Selys stared at Zevara, whose brows were completely raised. Krshia stared down at Lism. Then she realized where she was and awkwardly climbed off the podium.
“So you’re acknowledging mine is the good idea, yes?”
Lism studied one claw.
“It’s…a good idea. But I’d rather I take the Council seat. You see, I am running in your district, Krshia. And if I’m elected, I’ll ensure that we expand our city by one third, fund the Adventurer’s Guild and fund the City Watch! Build those walls! Build those walls!”
He raised his hands and the crowd cheered behind him. Krshia stared. Then she spluttered.
“What? You can’t say that? That’s—that is my promise, no?”
Lism smiled beatifically.
“Well, it’s my promise too. I’ll ensure that Liscor gets exactly what it needs, but unlike honored Krshia here, people, I’ll do it right! Lism for the City Council!”
He raised his arms again, but Elirr thrust his way forwards. The older Gnoll shouted at Lism.
“Do it right? You just stole Krshia’s idea!”
The Gnolls around him roared the same thing. Lism shouted back.
“Not at all! I improved it! You see, I won’t rely on Antinium to build the wall! I’ll hire honest Drakes and Gnolls to do it!”
The words stunned Elirr into silence. Lism waved a claw around.
“Yes, Krshia has the right idea. And expanding Liscor is the best way to combat this ludicrous rent! But why let the Antinium do it? Think about how many jobs a project like that would create! Thousands! And the money would go into your pockets, not back to the Antinium for such a huge building contract! And I have more—”
“Wait, but that’s—”
Selys was scrambling, tearing through her notes to figure out just what—but Lism was going on.
