6.30
Page 19
Because Krshia was right. They could either build Liscor out, expand the Watch, improve the Adventurer’s Guild…or do nothing. And who wanted to be on the side of nothing? There was always Lism’s plan of course, but it wasn’t solid. Selys turned to Zevara in delight.
“We’re winning. I’m pretty sure of that.”
The Drake nodded, smiling. She stepped over to speak to Selys when a group of Drakes pushed through the outer edge of the crowd. They made a beeline for Zevara and Selys. One of them, a Drake in his thirties, waved a claw urgently.
“Watch Captain Zevara. What do you think about this election? Are you really for it?”
Zevara turned smoothly and Selys settled back. It wasn’t the first time the Watch Captain had gotten this question. Zevara flashed a fake smile, which was her best attempt, and spoke to the lead Drake.
“Speaking solely as a personal citizen and not for the entire City Watch, I’m for Krshia’s proposal to expand our—er, the City Watch’s budgets. I approve of her spending plan and would welcome an election.”
“And this is really in the city’s best interests?”
The Drake demanded a touch incredulously. Zevara shrugged.
“I can tell you that the current Council has not approved any increase in the City Watch’s budget. Make of that what you will.”
The Drakes looked troubled. One of them, a woman, scratched her cheek scales.
“No increase? But that’s madness. If it’s that or doing this democracy thing—”
“It’s dangerous. I hear one minute you’re having a little vote, the next there are useless [Senators] and [Politicians] up to your earholes.”
“If it’s that or pull in more of the army—”
“Have them quartered here, full-time? Causing trouble? I’d rather have the Antinium myself. Did you see them smashing those Shield Spiders this morning?”
The group began arguing. Zevara and Selys exchanged a delighted glance. It was working. And Zevara hadn’t needed to check her script! The Watch Captain stepped back with Selys, poised to answer more questions. Selys rifled through her folder.
“You can bring up the potential of more trade if Liscor begins actually farming the dungeon as a commodity. And I can talk about the uses of monster parts. Why don’t you—”
Before she could finish, a Drake pushed through the crowd. He was wearing armor and the insignia of Liscor’s Watch on his uniform. He waved a hand at Zevara.
“Captain, a word? There’s a bit of trouble by the brewery.”
Instantly, Zevara’s gaze sharpened. She took a step and then turned to Selys.
“I’ve got to handle this. Mind covering for me?”
“Of course.”
Selys watched as the two left through the crowd. The Drakes and Gnolls protested as Lism and Krshia’s shouting match continued in the background, but the two members of the City Watch were on business now. So it was Selys’ turn. She shuffled her notes, and then called out in a bright voice.
“I can answer any questions in place of Watch Captain Zevara!”
The Drake in his thirties turned to blink at Selys. He hesitated, and then squinted at her face.
“Hold on. Aren’t you that [Receptionist] at the Adventurer’s Guild? General Shivertail’s…what do you know about all of this?”
The [Heiress] put on her best smile. She took a deep breath, and then remembered something.
Liscor didn’t have a brewery.
 
—-
 
Selys was right. Liscor did not have a brewery. It had inns, taverns, both of which would make their own beverages with fermented barrels and hops in some cases. Or it imported alcohol. But a dedicated brewery was considered unnecessary; beer wasn’t that popular. Or great. Now, distilleries on the other hand…
