6.30
Page 12
The two looked up, mildly startled. Klbkch stared at them. They were…it was so strange, looking at them. Not because of their bodies, but because of what they represented. An incalculable amount of worth each, where generations upon generations of Soldiers and Workers had died, sacrificed in the hopes of becoming exactly what they were.
But now Klbkch had them, he wasn’t certain what to do with them. He wasn’t certain he remembered…what it was like to have other thinking Individuals in his Hive. Could he trust them with the Antinium’s true purpose? Did his Queen? Klbkch didn’t know. But they were valuable.
And yet—Klbkch looked at them. And he felt little connection, little to emphasize or even sympathize with in them. They were so unlike the Antinium he had known.
He felt…old.
 
—-
 
“I see.”
Pawn still felt uneasy talking to Klbkch. Now that he had met so many people, even other Antinium, he could sense Klbkch’s reserve like a wall in front of him. The Revalantor of the Hive listened impatiently as both gave their reports. Yellow Splatter’s was shorter than Pawn’s; Klbkch listened intently as Pawn described healing four Soldiers.
“That aligns with both tests I had you perform. It appears your ability recharges itself after rest. Much like Skills in that category.”
“Yes, Klbkch.”
Pawn ducked his head. Klbkch stared at him. Then his gaze shifted to Yellow Splatters.
“Your combat ability is also improved, despite your loss of ten levels from resurrection. It is to be expected as well. The Free Queen had modified your body for improved musculature and performance.”
“Yes. Will all Soldiers become like me?”
Yellow Splatters looked at his hands. Klbkch shook his head instantly.
“Changing the…specific formulas of the Soldier’s creation is an intensive process. It is one thing to shape an Antinium as it is being formed. Another to make the process default, without the need for supervision. You are unique.”
“Then I will lead the Painted Soldiers. That is my duty.”
Again, Klbkch shook his head. The Revalantor’s voice was sharp, and Klbkch himself felt annoyed.
“Your duty is to survive. You are an investment in time and effort. Let other Soldiers die before you.”
He waited for Yellow Splatter’s affirmative, but the Soldier didn’t immediately give it. He stared at Klbkch, and the Revalantor felt a prickle on his carapace. If it had been any other Soldier before then, Klbkch would have taken that as a sign of potential Aberration or Individuality. Yellow Splatters folded two of his arms.
“I am unlike any other Soldier. I am their leader. That was why I was brought back. I lead them. So does Purple Smiles. We must lead because we do what they cannot. If we die leading from the front, that is inevitable.”
Pawn sucked in his breath. Klbkch just stared. It sounded like an echo of an argument he’d had once in the past. He hesitated. And something inside of him twisted. It was an unfamiliar, unpleasant feeling. Like when he had seen Erin hurt. But he felt it now?
“You have your orders.”
“But I am no Soldier. I am their [Sergeant]. I must show them courage.”
Klbkch sat back in his chair. Pawn was afraid, but Yellow Splatters didn’t look away. For a moment the Revelator just looked at Yellow Splatters and Pawn. And he felt the strange, pained, familiar tugging inside of him worsen. Like arrowheads, cutting into his heart.
At last he roused himself. Klbkch put thorns into his words this time. He stared at Yellow Splatters and opened his mandibles slowly.
