6.30
Page 20
Zevara knew this of course. It was a classic code the City Watch used. She followed the [Guardsman] through the crowd and back towards the City Watch barracks at a quick trot.
“What’s the real issue, Guardsman Tells?”
“Not for me to say, Captain. Sorry. I was just told to bring you.”
Zevara frowned and her tail began to twitch faster.
“By who?”
For an answer, Tells pushed open the door to the barracks. Zevara walked inside and saw a crowd of twenty one Drakes. Three Gnolls. They were mostly off-duty, but she knew each one. And she recognized the Drake waiting at their head. Zevara paused, and her mind raced as she slowly looked around.
“Senior Guardsman Jeiss. Guardswomen. Guardsmen. How can I help you?”
The crowd of Liscor’s finest—and only—law enforcement shifted. It was Jeiss, Beilmark’s partner and one of the most respected Senior Guardsman pairs who answered.
“It’s this election thing, Watch Captain. We’ve been listening to the gossip, and it sounds like the Council will actually hold an election. Are you really for Krshia Silverfang?”
The group behind him shifted uneasily. Zevara folded her arms, but she wasn’t about to shout them down. This was different, and she knew that Jeiss calling her out was…well, she wasn’t going to shout. She chose her words carefully, working off of Selys’ script.
“I’m not for putting any one person in power if that’s what you’re asking, Jeiss. This is certainly not a coup or something if you’re worried. For one thing, we aren’t the army even if we are the City Watch. Krshia Silverfang wants a seat on the Council, and I’m giving her my aid. But it stops there. She’ll do what’s best for the city and I don’t expect to control the Council. I’ll swear that on a truth spell first off.”
The [Guards] in the room relaxed slightly on hearing that. Zevara made a note to do it even if they didn’t ask at the end of this. You had to prove what you said or they’d wonder. She went on.
“It’s my decision as an individual that we need funds. The City Council’s refused my proposals three times. I can’t expand our ranks or get better gear any other way. So, yes. I’m willing to push for elections even if it means accepting the Antinium’s support.”
There was a murmur at that. Jeiss bit his tongue and looked at the others.
“Okay, Watch Captain. But…turning this into an election? It just feels like we’re going against the laws of the city, like Shopkeeper Lism’s been saying. And I respect Senior Guardsman Klbkch. But you know, the Antinium…”
He looked at Zevara and shrugged. She bit her tongue. The crowd was mostly Drake, but she knew how they felt. And she agreed in part, especially about the Antinium. She sighed, scratching at her neck.
“Jeiss, if I thought there was another way, I’d take it. But you saw what we’re up against. Krshia offered me funding for the City Watch. The current Council won’t. They rejected my offer three times, citing ‘lack of funding’. If it meant getting the City Watch what we need, I’d back anyone in an election. Anyone except that crazy Human.”
A chuckle ran through the crowd. Jeiss smiled, but then it faded.
“And the Antinium?”
Zevara looked up.
“We let them expand their Hive with the city. We put more Soldiers on the walls, and let more into the city. If they wanted to stab us in the back, they could have done it any number of times over the last decade. That’s my perspective. You have a different one?”
She waited for Jeiss’ response. He bit his lip shook his head reluctantly, and then sighed.
“If you’re doing this, your job’s in jeopardy too, Captain.”
Zevara nodded slowly.
