6.30
Page 10
Pawn hadn’t noticed it before, but even Yellow Splatter’s hands were different. Two of his four arms were a Soldier’s arms. Functional. Deadly. Capped by clumsy fingers more suited for making a deadly fist with than any other task. They could dig and fight and manipulate some things, but crudely. But the other two arms, the higher of the four, hand been changed.
The limbs were thick. Reinforced. Suited for combat. But the hands were hands. Five digits, like a Worker’s fingers had replaced Yellow Splatter’s previous hands. And they were gripping the spoon Erin had given him, meant for her regular clientele and Workers. As Erin and Pawn watched, he brought it up and transferred some soup into his mouth.
Delicately, carefully. As if he had always known how to use a spoon up till this moment. But he had never had a chance. Yellow Splatters looked up, noticing the stares.
“Thank you, Erin Solstice. It is good soup.”
Erin’s jaw dropped.
“You can speak. I mean, I know you can. But…wow. You can speak.”
“I can. And I will never be silent again.”
Yellow Splatters looked at the two of them and nodded once more. He tapped his chest with one finger even as another grabbed his cup and a third lifted the spoon towards his mouth again.
“Before, I had no words. That was me. And then I had words but no voice. And now I have more words. And they come from the same silent Soldier. And from heaven. From the voices of the many who have never had the chance to speak.”
Pawn was struck silent. Erin just looked at him, thoughtfully.
“I’m so glad. Listen—I want to talk to you two, but there’s a lot of guests. Just sit there and wave if you want anything. I’ve gotta actually do my job for a bit. Coming, Lyonette!”
She stood up and went for the kitchen where Lyonette had been waving at her urgently. Pawn looked back at Yellow Splatters. The [Sergeant] was silent as he ate his soup as greedily as any Soldier. Come to it—Pawn looked down and realized he was eating the delicious soup as well.
The Antinium’s meal was silent; they didn’t want to waste the food by talking, but it was interrupted near the end. A Drake and a Gnoll, regular guests, hesitantly came towards the table. The Drake nudged the Gnoll, and the Gnoll nudged back. They were both male, and at last, the Drake cleared his throat.
“Hell of a thing. The uh, Shield Spider culling that was. We saw it from the walls. You’re…Yellow Splatters, right? The Soldier? The…war hero?”
Skepticism was written all over his voice. Yellow Splatters nodded. He put down his spoon and stood up. The Drake and Gnoll stepped back fast and the nearby tables turned to look, but Yellow Splatter’s voice was calm and measured.
“I am Yellow Splatters. [Sergeant] of the Painted Antinium unit of the Free Antinium. Son of Liscor.”
“Oh? Wow. Uh, a pleasure. Sisl Taltail. And this is my friend, Wilr. We were just asking—are the Antinium really planning on funding an expansion to Liscor?”
The Drake was clearly nervous and he didn’t hold out his claw to shake hands, which Pawn understood as being customary. But he didn’t run screaming either. Yellow Splatters nodded.
“Senior Guardsman Klbkch would not lie.”
“Of course not! I just—so the Antinium are willing to give gold to Liscor? Just like that?”
The Drake glanced around. And Pawn saw some more non-Antinium customers lean in. Yellow Splatters nodded coolly.
