6.30
Page 23
The [Necromancer] looked up with a smirk.
“Ah, naturally the one expert on Drake politics and culture is addressed last, as usual.”
Ceria sighed. Selys rolled her eyes.
“Big talk for a Human with more sauce than lips.”
Pisces’ hand went up and touched his spaghetti-sauce covered lips. He blushed, scrubbed at his face with one arm of his robe, and cleared his throat. Yvlon gave Selys a thumbs-up which Pisces ignored. He sat back, steepling his fingers together.
“I for one quite enjoyed the spirited debate. I may have added in a few salient points of my own.”
“Hence you nearly getting into a fight three times?”
Ceria eyed Pisces over the rim of her cup. The [Necromancer] sniffed and adjusted his pristine white robes.
“Trifles. A good debater always has an exit strategy prepared in case simpletons unable to mount a coherent defense take objection. Isn’t that so, Olesm?”
He looked at his companion. The Drake [Strategist] didn’t immediately reply. Olesm looked up from his mostly-untouched plate of spaghetti.
“I can’t believe all this happened when I was gone. Is this really happening? An election? And—you’re all going for it? Krshia? Selys? Zevara?”
He looked at them from his table. Selys frowned and Krshia and Zevara looked up at Olesm’s tone.
“Yeah. Why? Isn’t it a great idea?”
“I—I suppose so? I mean, I’m for elections. In theory. I guess. I’m not against it. But this deal with the Antinium—and expanding the walls? Can we secure them by next spring against the flood waters? And what about getting them enchanted? If they aren’t, we’re potentially giving someone a foothold into the city.”
He looked at Zevara. The Watch Captain frowned and put down a napkin.
“I think we can do it. There’s a Wistram [Mage] scheduled to check our walls soon for the annual inspection anyways. And if not this, then what? What are your objections, Olesm?”
“The Antinium’s deal for one. Politically, if we allow Antinium from foreign Hives into the city—no, it’s the expanding Hive that bothers me. And allowing more Soldiers aboveground. Why didn’t anyone consult with me first? I am Liscor’s [Strategist]!”
The blue-scaled Drake looked upset. Guiltily, Selys sipped from her drink and shrugged. She didn’t really get his objection. Erin came back with more meatballs for Ceria and Krshia.
“Mrsha said sorry! So don’t let her beg more meatballs, anyone. What’s this about more Antinium being a bad idea?”
Olesm avoided Erin’s gaze. He mumbled as he forked up more spaghetti.
“Well, I meant the Hive in regards to the Free Queen, not the Painted Soldiers…er, I’m just saying, it’s a deal worth looking twice at.”
Pisces frowned, resting the point of his chin on his steepled fingers. Yvlon raised an eyebrow, but Ceria just sighed.
“You sound just like that Lism guy, Olesm.”
“So?”
He hunched his shoulders defensively. Selys remembered he and Ceria had been a thing briefly. Or had they? The half-Elf chewed, swallowed, and burped.
“Sorry. Well, that Drake’s clearly against non-Drakes. He’s anti-Human and frankly, I don’t see why anyone supports him. I’m only half-Human and I was offended listening him to rant about Humans and filthy Antinium and conniving Gnolls.”
The rest of the table nodded. Krshia nodded and Selys looked at her sympathetically. She called to Ceria.
“That’s Lism. Well-known Drake [Shopkeeper] on Market Street. Krshia has to deal with him all the time.”
“Oh? My condolences.”
Ceria raised her mug. Krshia nodded. Olesm protested weakly.
“Hey now.”
