6.30
Page 30
Lism sat down heavily. For a second his mind flashed to Krshia’s arguments, seeking a hole in them. But the problem was…Olesm looked up at his uncle. The single oil-burning lamp flickered, wafting a bit of stink towards the two. Neither one moved.
“Uncle. I came here because I wanted to ask you about the elections. Krshia’s ideas. Her proposing them. You’re her biggest enemy. Tell me honestly. Please. Is this really just about you hating Krshia’s ideas? Or are you serious?”
Lism squirmed like a fish on a hook. He opened his mouth, looked over his shoulder, but he couldn’t escape his nephew’s gaze. Reluctantly, at last, he opened his mouth.
“I’m not saying she’s all wrong. She’s…right we need to expand Liscor. Rent’s up, and we’re all feeling the pinch. Just the other day, Mella, you know her, right? The old [Florist] on Salpik Avenue? She was turned out of her apartment without anywhere to go. After living in her spot for eighteen years, only now she can’t pay the rent because it’s nearly tripled from two years back.”
Olesm rubbed at his face, shocked and mildly horrified.
“Mella? She used to babysit me. What happened to her?”
Lism was indignant.
“The neighborhood association got to her is what it did. You think we’d let her freeze to death? We put her up with Miss Shazzi. They get along like cats—or two Drakes—in a bag, but it’s manageable. You can imagine the stories, though.”
Olesm laughed quietly.
“I can. I should visit her. Or see about that [Landlord]. Evicting someone from a house at Miss Mella’s age? That could be a death sentence. And triple the price? I’ll check on it tomorrow.”
Lism nodded, proud as any father. Prouder than Olesm’s, certainly.
“That’s the [Strategist] of Liscor for you. Never too large to notice the honest folk.”
“But it just proves Krshia’s right, doesn’t it, Uncle?”
Olesm looked up, fixing Lism with another stare. The [Shopkeeper] hesitated.
“Well…okay, she has a point. And maybe the Adventurer’s Guild could use some coin. And I won’t say I’m against the City Watch expanding—Ancestors, of course I’m for it! It’s just…”
The younger Drake folded his arms, waiting. Lism grabbed at his neck spines. At last the words exploded out of him.
“It’s just her! That Human-loving Gnoll thinks we can cozy up to any warm-blooded Human. She thinks we can rely on the Antinium for help—and she’ll toss out our entire system of government to do it! Just because she wants power. And she’s wrong. The Antinium aren’t our friends. Hah, we saw that during the First Antinium War, didn’t we? Even if a few can walk about without killing anything in sight—and those Humans! We had an army at our gates not a month back! Has everyone forgotten that?”
Olesm shook his head.
“No one has, Uncle. But I’ve heard you speaking. You talk about filthy fleshbag Humans. About Gnolls getting ‘out of their place’. About other species—Uncle, they’re not all evil. I’ve told you that. Not even all Goblins are bad.”
Lism was quiet. He leaned on his table, and then looked up.
“So? So what? Should I apologize? Change my views? They’re not all evil. But it’s not ‘all’ of them I’m worried about, Olesm. It’s the ones who rule. Tyrion Veltras. That [Lord] tried to take Liscor. He would have slaughtered—slaughtered the entire city and started a war. But for luck, he didn’t. Should I forget that? When? In a month? A year? A decade? What about what Humans have always done? We welcomed the Five Families when they first came. In return, they betrayed us, burned our Walled Cities, slaughtered us in the north and took half a continent away.”
