6.30
Page 33
“Krshia would have us open the city to adventurers from the north. I say, look to our tails. The Bloodfields have always been a deterrent to trade coming north. But with that fabulous door, and our brave soldiers, couldn’t we seek a safer path through the hills around the Bloodfields? Cut a path to enable trade throughout the year? This is just one of the proposals, which I, Lism, would implement if I am elected to the Council. Fund the City Watch! And bring our soldiers back! They could keep our roads safe! Why stop where Krshia is content to coast? Vote for me and let’s get as much done as we can!”
This time the cheer was drowned out by Krshia’s howl of fury. She advanced on Lism, pointing an angry paw.
“You cannot say that! You stole my idea!”
“It’s just an idea, Silverfang! If you can’t improve on it, what’s the point?”
Lism crowed as he looked around. He got nods of agreement. Some people clearly disagreed, but Lism’s banner was waving above his head. Build your city with your own claws. Selys clearly heard a Drake lady remarking to a friend behind her.
“Why not hire Drakes and Gnolls? My son could use a job.”
“But how will you pay for the wall? Without the Antinium’s help?”
Krshia snarled at Lism, losing her composure. The Drake rubbed his claws on his tunic.
“Well, the army has pledged some money to Liscor. But—happily, three of the Walled Cities have already pledged to cover five percent of the costs rather than force the Antinium to pay. Each.”
Selys’ jaw dropped. Krshia took a step back, her fur paling.
“That is a lie. You cannot have—”
“Reached out to the Walled Cities? Let’s just say they’re concerned about the Antinium too. And they’re willing to help pay for an expanded City Watch—we may be able to fund the Adventurer’s Guild’s upgrade solely based on private donations!”
“Private—”
Krshia’s eyes bulged. Lism reached for something behind him. A Drake carrying a sheaf of…of papers handed a small stack to him. Lism pressed it into Krshia’s paws with a filthy smile.
“It’s just been printed. But the reaction is already spreading across the continent. I’m sure I have a few [Messages] waiting. But until then—Drakes and Gnolls, lend me your ears! Do you want to have the Antinium expand their Hive and build everything? Or would you rather build your city yourselves, and see the gold flowing into your pockets?”
He walked past Krshia, shouting at the crowd further down the street. The procession followed him and Selys saw to her horror that people were breaking off, talking to each other. Spreading the word. It was a twisted parody of yesterday. Selys rushed over to Krshia. They had to stop Lism! Think up a counter! But the Gnoll was staring at something in her paws. Her hands were shaking as Selys rushed up.
“Krshia, what—”
The Gnoll growled. Her eyes flashed as the papers crumpled in her grip. She thrust them at Selys.
“That dirty, rat-tailed—”
Selys stared at the papers. Slowly, she unfolded the crumpled paper, read the freshly-dried ink. It was in fact, a [Scribe]-written copy. A copy of a rather long introduction. The first thing Selys saw was the author’s name. Olesm Swifttail. With a sinking heart, she began to read.
 
To my remaining readers,
