6.30
Page 18
“Don’t you have anything better to do than blockade a street, Silverfang? Or is obstructing business really in everyone’s best interests?”
“I am simply speaking about a matter which concerns Liscor’s future, Lism. Why are you arguing against my plans? Is that in the city’s best interests?”
Krshia shot back. Lism rolled his eyes as he shouted at the crowd, some of which were already booing him.
“Don’t listen to this mad-Gnoll, people! Remember, she wants to have the Antinium’s help! Her plan about the walls is just inviting their trap. Don’t fall for it. We don’t need to even have an election, remember! She’s brought all this up, like some agitator, no, [Saboteur]!”
His words created a rumble from his crowd, but it was drowned out by the loud shouts of denial from Krshia’s side. She smirked at Lism as he colored.
“Don’t do this. Don’t do that. If you have better ideas, Lism, loudly shouting that you are, you should say them, yes? How would you fund new construction? Pay the City Watch? Expand the Adventurer’s Guild? Will the army pay for all of it? And did they have the coin all this time, if so, why did they wait until now to offer it?”
Lism hesitated, then ignored the question.
“We don’t need Antinium support. We’ll bring back three more companies—”
“Three hundred [Soldiers]? I’m sure that will stop every single threat that has assailed Liscor over the last year, yes? Giant Face-Eater Moths. Raskghar? An entire army? Two?”
“If I’m elected—”
“You just said we don’t need an election! Tell me, Lism, is it really an election you don’t want? Or is it that you want to bring our soldiers back? Which is it, hmm?”
Krshia smoothly interrupted Lism. The Drake choked and tried to shout over her, but his speaking stone was inferior to hers and she smoothly adjusted her volume to speak over his voice.
“I wouldn’t want to compromise our army’s ability to fight abroad, would you, Lism? I would rather our brave soldiers do the fighting without splitting their number. Wouldn’t bringing them back weaken our army? Four companies staying here—that is a fifth of our army’s strength, is it not? Would you weaken them so much? Where will we house them in the city? Oh. Wait. Perhaps we should build more walls?”
A roar of laughter drowned out Lism’s reply. And then a chant.
“Build more walls! Build more walls!”
Selys listened, smiling. She turned to Zevara.
“I like it. It’s catchy. I don’t know what bothers Erin about it.”
She looked back just in time to see Lism choking, waving for attention. The Drake’s voice was more than a little furious, and Selys heard the wobble in his tone.
“If—if you think—this is about the Antinium, people! Don’t forget that! You can’t trust them!”
“Oh? And I suppose the army is trustworthy? Where were they when the Raskghar attacked? The moths? What about the Goblin Lord? Where were they, Lism?”
And the [Shopkeeper] had no response. His eyes darted left and right as he struggled for an answer. And Krshia was already moving onto her next point. She caught Selys eye as she turned to the crowd and winked. Selys winked back.
Organization and strategy. There was a lot to be said for having a [Receptionist] on your side, and one of those things was planning out what you were going to say. This wasn’t a market-stall shouting match, and Lism really didn’t have a plan. This time Selys saw heads focusing on just Krshia, and even some of Lism’s supporters looked uneasy.
