6.30
Page 29
“It’s been over two weeks! But I imagine you’re beating ladies away with your tail. How is work? Liscor’s [Strategist]. And you’re not even thirty years old! You’ve got more levels than years! Wall Lord Ilvriss himself picked you out. If that’s not a sign of greatness, I don’t know what is. Has he reached out to you since returning to his city? Let me get you some tea.”
“He hasn’t. And I’m not fighting anyone off with my tail, Uncle. Stop fussing, please.”
Embarrassed, Olesm finally sat down. He looked up at Lism and frowned.
“And don’t use that word, please!”
“Word? I was just frustrated.”
Lism spread his claws innocently. Olesm folded his arms.
“You used it in public to address Krshia. Uncle!”
“I didn’t say furbag.”
Olesm ground his teeth together audibly and Lism sighed. The younger [Strategist] pushed his chair back.
“It’s still insensitive to the fact that we used to skin Gnolls during the old times. It’s as—as—it’s as bad as if I called you a Human-kissing Turnscale. No, far worse!”
“Alright, alright. It was my mistake. But that damn—Silverfang’s caused this mess in Liscor and I’m trying to sort it out. Give me some credit for stress!”
Lism sighed. He couldn’t deny his nephew anything. He doted on Olesm in fact, never mind that the boy sometimes hung around with that terrible Human girl and had moped for weeks after his fling with that half-Elven adventurer who’d nearly gotten him killed. But Lism’s heart swelled with fondness for Olesm. He was the family’s pride, after all. Never mind what anyone else had thought. Lism had known Olesm since he was a hatchling. And Olesm had never betrayed his hopes.
“I’m glad to see you, Olesm.”
“Me too, Uncle. Me too. I’m sorry I haven’t called on you. I’ve just been—busy.”
Olesm smiled, but he didn’t look happy to see Lism. He looked tired. Tired, worried, distraught—Lism felt like he was looking at a mirror. The [Shopkeeper] cast about his modest home and cleared his throat.
“We-ell, why don’t you tell me what’s been happening to you? I could use a break from this business with Silverfang. Don’t worry, I’ll stop her from ruining this city.”
“Oh, Uncle.”
“Not to worry! I can do it!”
The Drake waved a claw. He sat back, opening his mouth and eying his nephew. Then he coughed and shook his head.
“No, no. Don’t worry. I’ll figure something out. I haven’t sold copper pennies for silver pieces for years without picking up some tricks. And I know you’re friends with that stinking—with that insane—with that Human girl and Watch Captain Zevara is your superior. It’s fine.”
Olesm sighed, leaning forwards on his knees.
“Erin’s a wonderful person, Uncle. I told you already. If you hadn’t tried to swindle her—”
“Overcharge her. It’s not illegal!”
“She’s a really good person. The best chess player. In the world! I’ll swear she could beat the Titan himself. And Krshia’s a good person too.”
“She’s got you fooled, my boy. You can’t trust her. She’s as slippery as a greased eel and twice as treacherous as a Creler.”
“She’s trying to help the city, Uncle!”
The Drake paused.
“You think so too?”
For some reason, the thought of Olesm siding with Krshia stung more than any of the Gnoll’s damned barbed insults this morning. The blue-scaled Drake, a far cry from Lism’s purple-and-red scale colors, more like his mother than anyone else, shook his head.
“I’m not…all for her. But I know Krshia. I know her heart’s in the right place. So is Selys’ and Watch Captain Zevara’s…I just spoke with them, actually.”
“Did you now.”
