6.30
Page 7
She offered it to Pawn and the Soldier. The Soldier, who had bright green vines twining up his legs, looked at Pawn. The Worker hesitated.
“…What is it?”
“Sweet lemonade. That’s lemons plus water. And sugar.”
“Ah. We can consume that. Please give it to Twisted Vines. I will have some later, if there is more.”
“Sure. Hello, Twisted Vines! Want some?”
Erin offered the Soldier the cup. Reverentially, as if he were receiving the holy grail itself, the Soldier clumsily took the cup. He raised it to his mandibles and gently poured some of the liquid into his mouth. He paused. Erin and Pawn watched. Then, slowly, the Soldier poured a single drop of the lemonade into his mouth. He paused. For twenty seconds. Then he did it again.
“Uh—”
Pawn nodded. He looked at Erin.
“He is savoring it. He doesn’t wish to waste the lemonade, Erin. It is delicious to him.”
Twisted Vines raised one of his free hands and nodded. He ducked it, almost timidly at Erin. Embarrassed, the [Innkeeper] looked at her nearly empty cup.
“He can have more! That’s what refills are for!”
“Nevertheless. Thank you, Erin.”
Pawn said it so genuinely that Erin had to turn and go bright red for a second. There was something off-putting about how grateful Antinium could be for a cup of lemonade. Even though she was used to it, it could hurt. But it also made the world clearer. Erin nodded.
“You’re going to tend to the injured here? You can do it at my inn, Pawn.”
“I should be closer to them. Just in case.”
The [Acolyte] rubbed two of his hands together absently. He watched as the Soldiers moved towards them. Erin nodded. She sipped, found her cup was empty, and nodded.
“If you like. I’ll be at my inn, reevaluating my life and being grateful and stuff. Come on over when you’re done! Bring your Soldiers! Lyonette wants to sell them stuff.”
“I will. Thank you.”
Pawn watched Erin go. Then he turned to Twisted Vines. The Painted Soldier was still savoring the cup, drop by drop. Pawn hesitated. Twisted Vines glanced at him, then carefully put the cup down. He stood up.
“You may stay. Finish your cup before you leave. That’s…necessary for your full recovery.”
The Worker ordered Twisted Vines. The Soldier glanced at his comrades, but did sit and pick up the cup. He drank, but more swiftly now. And Pawn stared at his hands.
All four of them. Then he looked at Twisted Vine’s leg. Gone was the visible interior flesh that had been exposed by the Shield Spider’s sharp mandibles. Pawn noted the remnants of the blood.
“Your wound doesn’t hurt? Did you feel any undue pain when I was—healing it? Does it feel functional now?”
Twisted Vines paused. He regarded his leg, then looked up and shook his head. Then he hesitated, and carefully put a thumb up. Purple Smiles must have taught him that.
“Good. Inform me if it does hurt afterwards.”
Again, Twisted Vines nodded. He sat on the ground, finished his cup of lemonade, and then stood up. Pawn realized the Soldier had no idea what to do with the cup.
“I will take it back to Erin. You may go. If you must.”
Twisted Vines nodded. He handed the cup to Pawn, then turned and rejoined his brethren. Pawn sat on his hill and watched them fighting. He felt a desire to be below. But he knew he would struggle to keep up just with the Soldiers as they ran. And he had been assigned to this hill, to relative secrecy. Because Klbkch did not want many people seeing Pawn using his new Skill.
A new Skill. And Yellow Splatters. Pawn didn’t know which surprised him more. But he took both. Oh, he took what he had been given. And he had never felt more grateful.
