6.30
Page 15
He trembled like a leaf. Yellow Splatters looked at Pawn until the shaking words ran out and Pawn was just shaking. Then the [Sergeant] reached forwards with two hands. He rested them on Pawn’s shoulder, and two more found Pawn’s hands on the table. The Painted Soldier spoke.
“We forgive you.”
And if Antinium could but weep, Pawn would have. But he had not learned how. So he only sat, overcome, until Erin came back with something in her hands.
“Hey guuuuuuuys. Guess what I just got from our acid fly traps?”
The Worker and Soldier looked up. They’d had breakfast, but lunch appeared in front of Pawn. And this time—the Worker inhaled suddenly as Erin placed a cup and bowl in front of him.
“Blue fruit juice. Acid fly bowl, extra heaping. With an egg on top! Sunny side up!”
She spread her hands, beaming. Pawn stared down at the bowl in front of him and Yellow Splatters. Small, tiny black shapes, acid flies sans the acidic abdomens, were piled up in the bowl. A fried egg glistened on top of the black heap, just waiting for the yolky goodness to run down and flavor the acid flies.
“Acid flies?”
“It’s breeding season! And you know what that means! Lyonette just got a bunch. Sorry, we had to make sure Mrsha knew not to play around with them and Apista does not like them either. But yeah. This is the first bowl. Who’s my taker?”
Pawn stared at Yellow Splatters. Yellow Splatters stared at Pawn. They both answered at once.
“He is.”
Erin slapped her forehead.
“You two are too nice. Let me get another. And we’ll have some for all the Soldiers who come in today! Not huge portions; we’ve gotta build up a stock. But today?”
She looked at Yellow Splatters and put a hand on his shoulder, smiling.
“Free of charge. Until we run outta acid-flies and eggs. A back-from-the-dead special.”
The [Sergeant] looked up at her. And for the first time since coming to the inn, Pawn saw him smile. And that was so familiar, that he felt a warm feeling in his stomach. Erin beamed. Behind her, Lyonette sighed. But she didn’t object.
“Well then. Blue fruit juice for all! Acid flies on the house for anyone who asks! Not you, Relc. And I present to you a new play by the Players of Celum! Enjoy!”
Erin waved at the stage and the [Actors], flushed with excitement, took a pre-play bow. Another bowl and cup appeared in front of Pawn. He stared at the little bugs. Yellow Splatters looked uncertain.
“I have never had these. I think.”
“You must. They are the best things to eat. Ever.”
Pawn reassured him. Yellow Splatters reached for his spoon, then hesitated again.
“The other Soldiers are waiting. They should have sustenance. There may not be enough.”
This was true. Pawn put a hand on Yellow Splatter’s.
“Yes. But there will be food for all who come. And you lead them. You must enjoy yourself.”
The [Sergeant] paused, and then nodded. He reached for his cup with another hand and Pawn took his. They touched glasses, tentatively. And then both began to eat. On stage, the Players began their act. And Erin, pausing to argue with Klbkch, help serve food, came back to talk with them. And give another hug.
Pawn ate next to Yellow Splatters, deciding how long the Soldiers would get before they had to rotate out. He saw Lyonette overseeing the staff, radiant, and covered with a light sheen of sweat. A little white Gnoll crept up, sniffed his bowl once, and decided she wasn’t interested. And Pawn sat amid it all, in the inn where he had become him.
