6.30
Page 13
“Courage? Courage is a value of heroes. Of champions, of other species. It is not an Antinium concept. We have had heroes. They are dead. And you cannot replace them, Yellow Splatters. You are not Galuc. He was Centenium. Taller than you. Stronger. You bear a flawed, incomplete copy of his body. You are weak. Weaker than I and far weaker than he. I know this. Because I am Centenium. You are a Soldier. So obey.”
He met Yellow Splatter’s gaze until the Soldier nodded. Klbkch turned to Pawn.
“And you. You can heal a smaller wound in moments. Six times in an hour. Any quality healing potion can do far better. This ability is unprecedented. Useful. But neither of you two have qualities invaluable to the Hive. Cultivating those abilities is your function.”
He felt a twinge of guilt at those words. Why? Klbkch forced it down and went on.
“Both of you are forbidden from discussing the nature of your classes or levels. Especially in Pawn’s case. Nor will you reveal any secrets of the Hive. Is that understood?”
“Yes, Revalantor Klbkch.”
“Yes.”
They said the words quietly. Meekly even. And Klbkch felt as if he were lecturing two rookie [Guards] in the City Watch. Only, he wouldn’t have used those words. There was need for empathy in the Watch. And Klbkch had a small attachment to some of the [Guards]. But Antinium weren’t the same. Soldiers and Workers were…
Disposable. But these two weren’t. Klbkch hesitated. He could see hurt in Pawn’s expression. And Yellow Splatters?
They waited. Klbkch opened and closed his mandibles a few times. And that roiling feeling in his stomach forced the next sentences out of his mandibles.
“Continue exceeding my expectations. A rotation of…fifty Soldiers may remain aboveground at all times under supervision as per our agreement with Liscor. They may stay at Erin’s inn during permissible work hours, or continue patrolling the city.”
The two Workers couldn’t blink, but they did move slightly in shock. Klbkch stood up briskly. Yellow Splatters raised a hand.
“Revalantor Klbkch. May I also request a stipend for the Soldiers? As a reward—as motivation for further growth and advancement?”
Pawn held his breath. Klbkch never granted him a larger budget. The Revalantor hesitated. Then, almost grudgingly, he turned back and nodded.
“Four silver coins and six copper per Soldier or Worker. You may withdraw a lesser bag of holding for usage.”
Abruptly, he walked away. Pawn gaped with his mandibles open at his back. Yellow Splatters lowered his hand slowly. They looked at each other until Erin Solstice came back out of the kitchen.
“Hey! Sorry, I had to help make some food real quick. Was Klbkch just here? Was he nice? I heard him talking to you when I passed.”
“He is our Revalantor. His job is not to comfort us, Erin. He was very instructive.”
Pawn answered diplomatically, staring at Klbkch’s back. Erin pursed her lips, unconvinced. She leaned over and shouted at Klbkch.
“Klbkch! You’re a bad dad!”
Pawn froze up at his table. He saw Klbkch turn around in his chair. The Senior Guardsman eyed Pawn and then addressed Erin.
“I am not their father in any sense of the word.”
“Says you! Relc’s a better dad!”
Relc looked up as he slurped from a bowl. He laughed and slapped Klbkch on the shoulder.
“Hah! Hear that, Klb?”
“Do not hit me.”
Klbkch jabbed Relc with an elbow. He looked almost irritated at Erin, certainly at Relc. He was expressive with them. Not with Pawn or Yellow Splatters. The Worker wasn’t sure—no, he was sure how he felt about that. Erin put her hands on her hips in disgust.
