6.30
Page 22
“I could use a drink. Especially after dealing with Lism.”
The Gnoll stretched out. Erin nodded, smiling, and went for the bar. Selys reached for her fork, sipping from both sweet drinks. Zevara requested an ale. Selys bit into her spaghetti, and noticed a paw sneaking up to one of her meatballs on the side.
“Mrsha!”
The little Gnoll jumped, hit her head on the table, and raced away. Zevara jolted—Krshia just rolled her eyes. Her meatballs were safely in her stomach. Selys laughed and tempted Mrsha back with a meatball.
“What are you, a dog?”
“Gnoll cubs are sometimes indistinguishable from them. And often less well house-trained.”
Krshia muttered. Mrsha shot her a frown, stood up on both legs, and delicately bit off half of Selys’ meatball. She folded her arms, as if to say, ‘there! See?’ Krshia just blew air into Mrsha’s face teasingly.
“Don’t feed Mrsha more than that, Selys! She’s begged enough snacks already. I’m telling everyone to stop; she’s putting on weight! And for once, she doesn’t need it!”
Lyonette passed Selys’ table by, carrying a bowl filled with black flies to a table with some of the Painted Soldiers, still being rotated in from the Hive. It was night, but they were still eagerly coming in and watching the Players of Celum, who had rotated through their three acting teams throughout the day.
“You’re not fat, are you, Mrsha?”
Selys teased Mrsha. The Gnoll indignantly patted her stomach, glaring at Lyonette. She flashed her paws in a signal Selys didn’t understand, but Lyonette clearly did. The [Barmaid] frowned thunderously as she handed a Soldier a bowl.
“Say that again young miss, and you can kiss your own dessert goodbye. In fact, I don’t think a rude young lady deserves any. Do you?”
Mrsha’s face fell. She raced around Selys, hugging the Drake. Selys flicked her tail at Mrsha.
“I’m not protecting you from Lyonette. If you were rude, you were rude.”
The little Gnoll looked at Selys, betrayed, and then slunk to another table to Selys’ left. She poked her head up and surprised a half-Elf sitting there. Ceria rubbed Mrsha’s head.
“Mrsha! What are you doing now? Hiding from mean Lyonette? Sorry. My [Ice Walls] can’t stop her. Go say sorry.”
She ushered Mrsha out from the table. The Gnoll plucked at the woman sitting next to Ceria. Yvlon looked down and read something.
“A mistake? I don’t think so. Own up, Mrsha. Honesty is important.”
Selys wished she’d been at the inn longer to pick up on Mrsha’s new sign language. Guiltily, she looked over at the Horn’s table. Mrsha slunk back to Lyonette, ears down, and Selys cleared her throat.
“How’s it looking from your end? Think this election thing’s a good idea?”
They turned. Ksmvr, Ceria, Yvlon, Pisces—and Olesm. Both Pisces and Olesm had returned from Pallass yesterday, but this was their first full day experiencing the new climate. Ceria shrugged as she bit into her own spaghetti.
“I’m for it. Then again, I’ve never lived anywhere for long as a citizen. Adventurer’s Guilds let teams do their own thing. And Wistram was…well, confusing. This is nice and straightforward. Hope you win.”
Yvlon nodded.
“No disagreements there. And it seems like you three have the popular opinion on your side. What do you think, Pisces, Ksmvr?”
The two looked up from their plates. Both seemed intent on winning the award for most spaghetti consumed. Ksmvr opened his sauce-covered mandibles.
“I am no longer a member of Liscor in any sense of the word since I was expelled from the Hive. Therefore all my thoughts about Liscor’s election are voided.”
“…Fair enough. Pisces?”
