6.30
Page 11
“We are pledged to defend Liscor. That also means defending the interests of the city. We do not break our promises. Vote for Krshia Silverfang. And we will build your city. Workers to build and Soldiers to guard. It is our city too, after all.”
He looked around. Sisl opened his mouth for a second, and then nodded.
“Okay. Thank you.”
He backed off, staring at Yellow Splatters, but his Gnoll friend looked almost impressed. Yellow Splatters sat back down. Pawn stared at him as well.
“You speak with authority.”
“Yes. Should I not?”
The [Sergeant] looked blankly at Pawn. The Worker hesitated.
“But where does it come from?”
The Soldier pondered the question. Then he kept eating because the soup was going cold. He raised one cup, sipped from it, and answered.
“Heaven, perhaps.”
 
—-
 
Senior Guardsman Klbkch entered The Wandering Inn shortly after cleaning up some mud from his gear. He’d participated in the Shield Spider culling too, but the City Watch had vacated the field after the Painted Soldiers had proved so effective. Still, it was because of Relc’s tardiness that he and Relc reached the inn after the Painted Soldiers had been there for a good fifteen minutes. That irked Klbkch, slightly. He would have preferred to study Yellow Splatters in person. Because the [Sergeant], the unique Soldier among Soldiers was an enigma.
He had changed. Not that Klbkch had interacted much with the previous Yellow Splatters. But this new Soldier was different. Confident. Even outspoken. Had death changed him? Had a voice only unearthed what was there to begin with? Klbkch didn’t know. But today his mind was overfull with questions, speculations, and, perhaps, a bit of surprise.
Pawn and Yellow Splatters. One was predictable, at least in part. Klbkch had known about the Rite of Anastases being a success, even if he hadn’t been prepared for the personality of the [Sergeant]. But Pawn?
“A Skill unlike any other. The potential of that power is…or is it not? I must know what Xrn thinks.”
The Antinium sat himself down at a table at the back of the room, observing Yellow Splatters and Pawn. A yawn came from his left.
“What was that, Klb?”
“Nothing, Relc. And I am still irate at you. You are more slothful today than usual, which is an impressive event.”
“Thanks.”
“It is not a compliment.”
Relc sighed. He stretched out, and Klbkch leaned out of the way of an errant arm.
“Bite me. I’m tired, alright? I had to wake up super-early because of my kid—and she spars way too hard!”
“By that, do you mean she puts forth actual effort?”
“Bite me.”
“I will endeavor to do so if you continue irking me.”
“Yeah, yeah…hey! Close those mandibles!”
Relc sat up, groaning. He glanced at the stage and brightened.
“Ooh! New play! Awesome! Hey, mind if we get a closer seat?”
“I suppose it is not out of the question. I have to speak with my subordinates.”
Relc was already getting up, tail wagging as the Players of Celum began a play Klbkch didn’t recognize. He nodded absently.
“Cool, cool. Wow, it’s busy in here. Look at all these Soldiers. And jerks drinking my blue fruit juice. Which is yellow. Is that a new drink? Hey! Hey, I’ll have—damn. What do you want, Klbkch?”
“I will have an ale. And a bowl of the soup. Please order it for me.”
Relc raised a hand as he sauntered forwards. Klbkch walked towards the table with Pawn and Yellow Splatters. He sat across from them.
“Report.”
