6.30
Page 24
He was cut off by Erin, who leaned over the Horn’s table, dishing out more meatballs for Ksmvr—none for Pisces. The [Necromancer] obligingly stole them off Ksmvr’s plate instead.
“You’re talking about Lism? Let me tell you, that guy. Whatta jerk. He’s been mean ever since I came to Liscor. Someone should hit him with a wet fish or something. I really hope he gets into the election—and Krshia kicks his butt!”
She raised a tong over her head. Ceria laughed. Olesm looked upset.
“Aw, come on, Erin. I know he can be—but he’s my uncle.”
“Oh yeah. I forgot. Sorry, Olesm.”
Erin blinked at the Drake unapologetically. Then she headed to Selys’ table and offered her pot of meatballs. Krshia took six.
“But come on. Even if he is family, isn’t he a bad guy? He tried to scam me first time I met him! And he’s rude. And grouchy.”
“And his tail sucks.”
Selys added with a nod. Zevara’s lips quirked.
“Is it really that bad?”
“Ugly tail. Ugly personality. His has a crook in it—”
“Selys!”
Olesm cut Selys off from sketching the objectionable tail in question. He looked around, his shoulders hunched, his tail lashing the floor.
“I won’t deny he has his faults. But that’s not all he is. You don’t know him.”
“I know what I hear. And I see an angry Drake who’s attacked Ksmvr twice when he’s walked past him for no good reason. I’ve seen racists before, Olesm. That’s what he looks like to me.”
Yvlon calmly ate from her plate with a knife and fork. Olesm’s tail stopped for a moment.
“I know he doesn’t like Antinium. Or Humans. But he helped raise me. He can be kind. Stop it. Please.”
The Drake looked around and both tables went quiet for a moment. Krshia sighed.
“Lism is…Lism. Market Street would not be the same without him, this is true. And he has his points, which is why he is free to run against me. I just intend to win.”
The others looked at her and smiled. Ceria grabbed a mug.
“I’ll drink to that! Good luck, Krshia! Win this thing and get on the Council! Upgrade the Adventurer’s Guild too, please? That’s what we want.”
The mood around both tables regained its cheerfulness. Pisces raised a mug.
“To a flawless victory. May you overwhelm your opponents on all fronts.”
“More like drown them in votes. Lism’s the only opposition to Krshia and she’s got tons of support. We’re slated to get four seats at the moment—we could aim for eight, maybe!”
Selys tipped her mug up and drank her lemonade down. Krshia grinned. Erin laughed.
“Yeah! Beat that Lism jerk! Teach him a lesson for insulting Numbtongue.”
Zevara raised her eyebrows as she lifted her ale.
“I remember that. I heard someone tried to drown him afterwards.”
Ceria sighed.
“Wish they’d succeeded.”
“Shut up!”
Olesm’s claws slammed onto the table. The tables—no, the entire room went silent. The Drake looked up at the stage full of [Actors] across from him, the Painted Soldiers, regulars, Relc making a fist—he turned red.
“I’m sorry. Thanks for the drink. I’ve got to go. Zevara. Can I have a word?”
He grabbed for some coins abruptly and pushed his chair back. Erin opened her mouth, wavering.
“Olesm—”
“Watch Captain?”
Olesm shook his head. Zevara stood up. She looked at Krshia and Selys.
“I’ll be a moment.”
Quickly, she and Olesm walked out of the inn, through the door to Liscor. They didn’t even need help; the mana stones were now labeled on the dial. The door closed as the silent inn watched Olesm go. One of the [Actors] coughed on stage. Ceria turned guiltily to her team.
“Oops.”
Ksmvr raised a slow hand.
