6.30
Page 28
“Ah, nothing, Cellic. It’s clearly late. You should get some rest.”
“No, no. I’m fine. I’m here if you need me. Say the word, Lism.”
The retired [Soldier] protested mildly. He blinked and unconsciously reached for the scar at the back of his head.
“I’m just…”
He yawned and drifted for a second. Lism looked at him, and then around.
“Someone take Cellic back. Make sure he gets some sleep in his bed. On his front, mind! Anyone? Tess, will you…?”
“On it.”
A Drake in her twenties sighed and plucked at Cellic’s shoulder. He awoke with a violent start and for a second his claws opened. Then he caught himself.
“I’m…sorry. What’s going on?”
“A nap, Cellic. We’re all going to sleep. You’ll be the thing tomorrow. I’ll be counting on you.”
Lism jovially laid a shoulder on Cellic’s arm. The Drake looked at him and smiled.
“I’ll be there bright and early.”
He let Tess guide him from the room. Lism rubbed at his eyes and looked around. A morose team stared back. The old Drake with orange scales shook his head again.
“We could just petition the Council not to go ahead with the election. Point out exactly why it’s not necessary.”
“Can we stop half the city from following them around? Wait. Maybe. We could…form protective squads. Keep busybodies back. Maybe. I’ll think on it. But it’s late. You all need sleep. You’ve got your jobs, after all.”
The conference table looked at each other and reluctantly nodded. Lism clapped his claws together.
“Go, then. Thank you for your time. Anyone who can spare it, come here tomorrow. But if you’re hurting for coin—I’ll have a plan by the time you wake up.”
He smiled. Unconvincingly, he knew. But the others just murmured agreement and left, patting him on the shoulder, pledging to be here. Brave souls, fighting for what was right. Lism saw them off, and then went to sit back down.
His house was much, much quieter without the group sitting around his dining room table. The Drake sat in a chair, restlessly turning back and forth, getting up to pace.
“Maybe if I—no. Damn. And if I argue with her on—no. No! That won’t work either! If the High Command would only sign over enough money to match the Antinium! Can’t they see what will happen? And Wing Commander Embria’s not being cooperative. Her and those idiots blindly supporting—Silverfang!”
He uttered the name of his mortal enemy like a curse as he had so many times before. Only this time, Lism couldn’t see a way to beat her. He kicked over his chair with an oath.
“That damned furball—”
“Uncle!”
The sharp voice made him spin. Lism’s hand instinctively went for the knife at his belt, but the voice and the face instantly made him relax. A surprised smile crossed his face. He spread his arms.
“Olesm! My boy, it’s been too long!”
The surprised younger Drake with blue scales was enveloped in a hug. Lism clutched his nephew tightly, smiling fit to burst. Suddenly his problems seemed distant, at least for the moment.
“Come and sit! Don’t mind the mess. We’ve just had a late night planning out this election nonsense. Can I get you some tea? A snack? I’ve got some scraps—let me put a kettle on!”
He fussed around Olesm, but the younger Drake was reluctant to sit. He was restless, and his brilliant scales and handsome face—Lism saw the family resemblance. Handsome, regal even, and intelligent. All the marks of the Swifttail clan. He beamed at Olesm.
