6.30
Page 21
“I know that. The next Council could replace me. Or this one might if things go south and Krshia doesn’t get her vote. Either way, that’s my decision. The City Watch stays neutral. I’m just a private citizen. With a lot of influence. I won’t ask you to do anything to support Krshia or help me keep my job. Got it?”
There was a lot of nodding, which was encouraging. Zevara had seen City Watches turn against their Watch Captains and that wasn’t a pretty sight. Jeiss looked around. He collected some invisible census, and then briskly shook his head.
“No worries on the job, Watch Captain. We’ve got your tail. You’re the boss, not Wing Commander Embria or the army.”
She exhaled softly, trying not to show her relief. It meant a lot.
“If that’s all, we’ve got a job to do. Anything else?”
She looked around. No one else wanted to speak, but Jeiss held up one claw.
“If—if there were a better option, Watch Captain, would you take it?”
Zevara paused. She looked quizzically back at Jeiss.
“Such as?”
“Just a hypothetical question, Watch Captain. I’m just saying. Will you keep an open mind?”
He met her eyes. Zevara nodded slowly.
“An open mind. If you’ve got any better ideas, I’ll listen.”
She waited. Everyone looked around, but no one spoke up. Jeiss shrugged, grinning tiredly.
“Just asking.”
 
—-
 
“Turns out Lism can be shut up. You just need to get him mad enough to choke on his own spit.”
That night, Selys raised a glass and toasted Krshia and Zevara. The Gnoll was grinning, and her voice after a small gulp of a specialty healing tonic for the throat was back to normal.
“We got a message throughout the city. And Lism, that windbag, couldn’t stop me, even with two squads of the army marching.”
“And the Council is being hounded to act. They meet tomorrow morning by popular demand. If they don’t vote for an election, they’ll have to answer to a crowd. I suppose I should put some of the Watch on the scene just in case.”
Zevara drank from her cup, smiling faintly. Selys leaned back at her table, grinning hugely. She felt powerful. Or maybe motivated was the word. It felt like everything was coming together and relaxing at Erin’s inn after a hard day was excellent. As was the lemonade drink. And on cue, Erin came over with a pitcher for a refill herself, and tonight’s dinner.
“Congratulations! Krshia! Selys! Uh, Zevara! This is amazing!”
She set down three large, steaming plates of spaghetti and meatballs, a classic. Selys immediately reached for a fork and slurped up some noodles. Krshia picked up a meatball with her paws, popped it into her mouth, and chewed with her eyes closed. Zevara eyed Erin.
“Uh, thank you, Miss Solstice. This is good…lemonade, was it? I’ve had something like this. Not nearly as sweet, though.”
“You know us Humans! We love sugar.”
Erin smiled at the table. She put the pitcher down.
“I also have another drink for you to try. On the house! I’m supporting this election. Although I can’t vote. But I really want you to win, Krshia! And the other Gnolls too. Mrsha was really happy Elirr was running!”
She came back with a clear glass with a brown liquid at the bottom, and a blue one balanced on top. Selys eyed it with great interest, as did Zevara. Krshia was eating meatballs.
“What’s that?”
“Blue fruit juice mixed with rum. Try it. I’m going to show it to my friend in Pallass, Rufelt, later. Thoughts?”
“Nice presentation.”
Zevara took the glass, swirled it until the liquids mixed, and took a sip. Her brows shot up.
“Not bad. But it’s so sweet.”
“Some people like sweet. Like me. Erin, can I have one?”
“Of course. Krshia?”
