6.30
Page 9
The two walked up the hill of The Wandering Inn slowly, side by side. Their heights were different. Their bodies similarly contrasting. But they were both Antinium. And they both knew each other. But Pawn felt like a stranger. Perhaps Yellow Splatters did too, because he kept glancing at Pawn.
It was one of the first times they had been alone. Since Yellow Splatter’s reveal in the streets of Liscor, that was. True, a day had passed. But Klbkch had kept Yellow Splatters moving, repeating his message of support for Krshia. And then the [Sergeant] had been surrounded by the Painted Soldiers. Pawn didn’t begrudge that. But now, walking with Yellow Splatters, he didn’t know what to say. He had a thousand questions. Ten thousand words. But how to begin?
“I am different. But the same. I can speak. And say the many things I would have before my death.”
“What things?”
“Gratitude. Regret. Frustration—at not being able to say these things. Questions for you. Ideas. Things the Soldiers need. Questions. Thanks.”
The [Sergeant] looked at Pawn. The Worker shook his head.
“I didn’t do enough. I was—”
“Our salvation.”
“No.”
“Yes.”
“No, really—”
“Yes.”
Pawn looked up at Yellow Splatters. The [Sergeant] smiled. And they reached the inn bearing a silence more profound than any Pawn had shared with Yellow Splatters until now. And then Pawn saw the doors were wide open. And he heard a familiar voice.
“Pawn! Yellow Splatters! Come in! Lemonade for my guys!”
Erin swept over to them in an instant. The tables were filled with Painted Soldiers—forty nine of them to be exact. Each one had a bowl and was eating as they watched a performance on stage. Erin herself came to Pawn. She beamed as she grabbed some lemonade off a tray.
“Here. It’s fresh. Want some soup? I’ve got a big pot of this really great soup Lyonette came up with. Here, sit, sit! It’s so good to see you, Yellow Splatters. I mean, we said hi.”
“Yes.”
The [Sergeant] sat at a table offered by Erin. Pawn remembered Erin hugging Yellow Splatters after she’d found he’d returned. Even now she looked misty-eyed, but she was already waving for more soup.
“Here! It’s hot, fresh, and uh, probably not gluten!”
The bowl steamed as it appeared in front of Pawn. It was a clear broth with obvious bits of pork and what might have been yellats mixed in with some other greens. Pawn raised a spoon before he could help himself. Instantly, his mouth was flooded with flavor. It had been far, far too long since he’d come aboveground.
“It’s delicious, Erin.”
“Really? I’m glad. This is only like fifty of the Soldiers, though, right? Are you bringing more in? Lyonette’s making a huge batch!”
Erin pointed at the kitchen. Pawn hesitated. Both he and Yellow Splatters had been given the morning’s orders by Klbkch, but he’d said nothing about the Soldiers having food. Just that they would meet him here.
“I…believe only fifty are normally allowed aboveground except for formal operations. But these Soldiers can rotate with the others.”
“Gotcha. I’ll let Lyonette know. Oh! And we’ve got special spoons and bowls for them to eat with. I’ll get—”
Erin half-rose, glancing down at the table. Pawn looked down too and nearly dropped his spoon. He stared at Yellow Splatters.
“Your hands.”
