6.30
Page 6
Erin Solstice stood on the hill outside of her inn, watching the battle. Well, it was charitable to call it a battle. It looked to her like pest extermination. The Shield Spiders certainly had about as much of a chance as regular spiders against the City Watch, the 4th Company and the Painted Antinium.
Maybe if they’d been the giant behemoths that had assaulted Tyrion Veltras’ army they could have fought back. But Shield Spiders of the smaller variety were dangerous to individuals. Not armies.
Erin wasn’t participating in the culling of course; she was just watching. With a glass of lemonade in one hand, the most appropriate drink in the world. She glanced at it as she took another sip through a wooden straw.
“I had no idea that lemons were this plentiful on Izril.”
“Not Izril. They’re usually native to Baleros. But Oteslia, one of the Walled Cities, is famous for growing plants from across the world. They drive the cost down. Although it’s still going to be a lot pricier than, say, cider. But we can sell this well. I’m surprised I haven’t ever had anything like this.”
Lyonette stepped up to watch with Erin. She had a pitcher of fresh lemonade in one hand. She glanced at Erin.
“Something else from your world?”
“One of the most popular drinks in the world. Besides Coke. It’s a classic.”
Erin sipped her drink absently. Lyonette nodded. She poured a small cup and reached down. A furry paw reached up for it.
“That’s your second glass. You only get two, Mrsha. And don’t share with Apista.”
The Gnoll nodded seriously. Then she drew a smiley face and patted her stomach.
“Oh? Glad you like it, Mrsha. We’ll try it on our guests tonight. But it’s really great for hot weather, you know. Either way…give me another cup, Lyonette?”
The [Princess] nodded. She handed Erin her cup and then filled another from a table. There were tables outside on the grass, and chairs. And customers. It was a special Shield Spider viewing morning, with a special on breakfast. Lyonette’s idea.
“Thanks.”
Erin handed Lyonette back her drink, took the new one, and went to find some of her guests. She slipped down one hill, balancing her drinks.
“Whoop. Whoop! Slippery! No, Mrsha, don’t follow. Who—ah, darn. Got some on my hands.”
She tsked, climbing up another hill with a much less steep gradient, and found a group at the top. Erin smiled and raised her cup.
“Hey! Anyone want to try some lemonade?”
The figures on the hill looked up. Pawn, kneeling in a patch of grass and pressing two of his hands to a Soldier’s leg, looked up. The Soldier was sitting on the ground. He had an open wound from which green blood was oozing. Or—had been oozing. Erin blinked. His leg was healed. The Shield Spider bite he’d suffered was closed. As she watched, Pawn drew his hands back and the Soldier flexed his leg experimentally.
“Nice. Using some healing potions, huh, Pawn?”
The Worker jumped. He hesitated, then nodded judiciously.
“I have been doing healing, Erin. Thank you. Fortunately, few Soldiers are getting injured. The Shield Spiders are not really a threat and Yellow Splatters is leading the others.”
“So I saw.”
Erin stared at the Painted Soldiers, still killing nests. It had been four hours and they weren’t slowing down. Neither was 4th Company; the [Soldiers] seemed determined to win this competition, if it was one. The City Watch had decided it was not and started trudging back to the city. Erin anticipated guests to her inn. She decided Lyonette could handle it with the morning’s staff. She took another sip from her drink and smiled.
“Mm. Here. You want a lemonade, guys?”
