6.30
Page 2
Wikir bit out. He sighed and put away his comb, then stomped the mud and growing grass to kill the spiders he’d just toss off him.
“That’ll do. But we’re all getting checked and a visit to the bathhouses. The last thing I need is for one of those little things to lay eggs in your ear.”
“They do that?”
“Hah. When I was a rookie, I heard about someone who got a bunch of these worm eggs in his head. Began acting weirdly. And then the swelling started. By the time they hatched out of the head, they were was large as…”
The [Captain] was grinning, regaling his subordinate with a tale as his company searched for another nest. 2nd Squad, led by Captain Vell, was already on their third. A particularly large Shield Spider met a cluster of spears that sunk halfway into the thick, hard shell, until Captain Vell herself cut off a leg and the [Soldiers] took it apart from a distance. 4th Company was efficient.
The City Watch was slower, owing to lower levels and less motivation. But everyone was at work. The city was watching. The people of Liscor had taken to the walls to watch the annual spring culling with urbane amusement. And it was all going well. Embria cut a fine figure on her horse, her spear at the ready in case a giant Shield Spider emerged. Her crimson scales were a flash of color on the dull landscape of colors. And 4th Company was working hard, brave [Soldiers] aiding in the safety of their city.
“Hear that cheering?”
Captain Wikir grinned at his Wing Commander as she rode slowly down a hill towards them. Embria smiled slightly.
“Good sounds, aren’t they? Keep it up, Wikir. Nice show.”
“Anything for the city, Wing Commander. And these elections.”
Wikir flicked at his fur. Embria nodded. She scratched the spines on the back of her head. The cheering was indeed coming from the city, and it was a surprise, but one that made both her and Wikir smile with pleasure. The army seldom received accolades when it returned home, but that was understandable. There were often issues. But a smaller group, say, 4th Company? It seemed they’d finally won the trust of the city. They’d only had to fight in a siege to do it.
“We’re making good progress. Three nests for 3rd Company already. Don’t fall behind.”
“We won’t. And we’ll toast to you at Wishdrink’s tonight.”
Wikir grinned. Embria eyed him.
“I’ll take that. You have night duty again tonight. Three days of break after that. I’ll be—er, having a dinner.”
“With Sergeant—no, Senior Guardsman Relc?”
Embria hesitated. She nodded casually, looking past Wikir at the teams working down the Floodplains.
“Is that a problem?”
The Gnoll thought carefully, watching his squad blasting another pit with flames. Sergeant Gna kicked a Shield Spider into the pit.
“Not from me, or my squad, Wing Commander. There was some talk when he appeared for morning practice. But you can’t fault the fact that he’s the only one better than you on the courts. And it’s not like its private ground; the Adventurer’s Guild is anyone’s territory. So…”
Embria nodded.
“Just let me know if there’s real complaints. Lieutenant Kesa can run her mouth.”
“Will do. And it helps that Senior Guardsman Relc appeared early. Beat half the trainees to be up.”
The middle-aged Gnoll caught the smile on Embria’s lips before she schooled her face. But he liked the pleased look he’d seen. It had been too long.
“That’s my d—uh, Senior Guardsman Relc. He may have quit, but you never forget. Punctual as always.”
