6.30
Page 25
“In fairness, Captain Ceria, drowning is a very horrible way to die. I would prefer disembowelment over drowning myself.”
He looked around at the silent table.
“No? Just me? Strange.”
 
—-
 
Olesm walked swiftly down Liscor’s streets for a good thirty seconds before slowing. He turned back, the scales along his cheeks dark with color.
“Sorry.”
“It’s fine. We were being insensitive. I apologize.”
Zevara folded her arms, her heart skipping a beat. She’d mostly forgotten her burning desire to ask Olesm out, but sometimes it resurfaced in inopportune moments. She schooled her face, though. Olesm seemed serious. Watch Captain Zevara cleared her throat.
“Did you have something you wanted to talk to me about, Olesm? About the proposed deal with the Antinium?”
Olesm nodded curtly. He took a few breaths to steady himself, and then crossed his claws behind his back. When he looked at Zevara, it was seriously, his previous embarrassment and anger put aside.
“I heard what you agreed to. Allowing the Hive to expand? Increasing the limit of Soldiers permitted aboveground? Giving other Hives access to Liscor? Zevara, with respect, are you insane? That deal favors the Antinium in huge ways!”
Zevara’s stomach sank. She didn’t like the disapproval in Olesm’s eyes. Reflexively she crossed her arms.
“I’m aware of the implications, yes. But elaborate for me. Why is this in particular so egregious? The Free Antinium have been in Liscor for over a decade now. They’re already protected by the peace treaty. What’s wrong with letting in a few foreign Antinium?”
“Besides the fact that they could give the other Hives valuable information or force us to allow them to pass into our territory under diplomatic privileges? That’s not my biggest worry. It’s allowing their Hive to expand. It’s dangerous! Why would you allow any deal involving that?”
Olesm glared at Zevara. She glared back and pointed at the ground under their feet.
“Why wouldn’t I? It’s an easy concession to make! You and I both know that the current Hive has exceeded its boundaries, Olesm. And they maintain far more Soldiers in their Hive than the agreed-upon three hundred. These are paper promises.”
The Drake took a deep, frustrated breath.
“You don’t understand. We regularly use a [Geomancer] to send probes into the earth. We can tell—to a certain distance—whether there are tunnels belowground. The Hive can probably dig below the [Geomancer]’s range, and I’m certain they do. But it still impedes their overall capacity. But if the city expands and the Hive is allowed to expand with it, the danger they represent will exponentially increase.”
“As will the City Watch. We could potentially double our numbers! And Liscor itself will expand!”
“That’s not the point!”
Olesm clutched at his neck spines agitatedly. He stomped one foot on the ground, and then gestured to one of the houses on the street.
“The Antinium are far, far more efficient than Drakes, Humans, or any other species in the world in terms of space. If Liscor expands, the Antinium will gain two Workers or Soldiers for every new person we can house. And they are all potential combatants.”
That silenced Zevara for a second. She gnawed at her lip.
“Even so, we’ve always known the Hive was large. They’ve always outnumbered the City Watch. That’s why we have safeguards in place.”
“Safeguards that account for a certain number of Antinium and being able to hold parts of the city!”
Olesm’s raised voice made a shutter fly open. The two Drakes heard an aggrieved shout.
“Shut up down there! Stop talking about the election! I’m trying to sleep!”
