6.30
Page 27
“His words, Watch Captain. I don’t agree. I understand your reasoning, but I think you’re wrong.”
The knife twisted in Zevara’s stomach. Coldly, she stepped back.
“Well, you’re free to that opinion. But I’ll remind you that I’m not using my authority to unduly shape the election. I am allowing Krshia Silverfang a chance, but I am supporting her as an individual, which is my right. The City Watch may vote to their conscience. As may you.”
Olesm looked up at Zevara. He narrowed his eyes.
“I think I’ll have to do that. I’m sorry, Watch Captain.”
He turned and walked away without another word. Zevara stared at his back and tail until they disappeared. Then she leaned against the alley wall. She sighed, slowly.
“…Great.”
 
—-
 
While Krshia and her small team were celebrating the day’s victory at The Wandering Inn, a similar committee was burning the midnight oil.  Literally. It was midnight, and the lantern was using cheap oil. It smelled, but none of them were [Mages] or even capable of casting the [Light] spell. Lism hissed as he rubbed one claw across his reddened eyes.
“Okay. Make an appointment with Wing Commander Embria. Request that two squads join us for our counter to Krshia down Market Street. And if she can spare a third, it would be best used marching wherever those other candidates go. Remind people of the real defenders of Liscor. Now, how in the hells do we figure out how to put a hole in that stupid Gnoll’s plans? Anyone?”
He looked around the table. A group of weary Drakes—and one Gnoll, stared back. All of them, mostly Lism’s age or older, shook their heads. A Drake with grey scales with only hints of speckled orange leaned on the table.
“She’s got the Council by their tails, Lism. They’re going to vote for an election. I can feel it in my scales. And if she runs with all those Gnolls—they could take the Council. Put all those laws through. You can’t argue her ideas don’t sound good.”
Lism’s brows darkened. His voice rose impetuously.
“Sound good? Oh, they sound good, I’ll grant you. But they’ll sell the city to the Ants and open us up to a hostile Human takeover. Did you hear her saying how she’d reach out to all the Human cities if she was elected today? As if they won’t bleed us dry! You all know her proposals are as rotten as ten-day-old fish. None of you would be here if you thought she was right.”
The table slowly nodded. But Lism didn’t like the exhaustion in the eyes of his fellow Drakes. And one Gnoll. He glared to his left.
“Shazzi! You know the Gnolls around your home. Can’t you talk sense into them?”
An old, fierce Drake clutching a cane even in her seat looked up. Shazzi, a retired [Seamstress] who could still sew like a monster, shook her head, pursing her lips.
“Not me. They’re all too afraid to cross Krshia Silverfang. She’s some big shot in her tribe and everyone who came with her supports her unconditionally. Plains Gnolls. And the rest won’t speak up.”
“Damn. Cellic. What about you? Can’t you rally more support for the army? What happened to patriotic Drakes waving the flag? Cellic? Cell—”
The Drake across from Lism woke with a start. He was far from the oldest Drake here—he was actually in his mid-thirties, but a large scar crossing the back of his head had left a divot in his skull. He looked up, befuddled.
“What? Did I—what’s that, Lism?”
The [Shopkeeper] hesitated. He eyed Cellic, and then looked out the window. Nothing but darkness greeted him. Lism looked around at the other faces and modulated his tone and put a smile on his face.
