6.31
Page 10
“It is a surprise to see you here this early. May I ask if you’re intending to visit Rufelt and Lasica? Their tavern isn’t open at this hour, but I saw them going for a walk together as I was setting up.”
Maughin pointed down two floors. He had good eyes; Erin squinted at the distant shapes below.
“No…although I might want to talk to them. I was actually here to see you!”
“On business? My forge is occupied, but I can certainly talk about an order.”
Erin shook her head.
“Not quite. Tell me, do you have a lot of work today? Could you clear your schedule, Maughin?”
The Dullahan gave her a large frown.
“If it was an emergency, or the project demanded my attention, yes. Why?”
Perfect. Erin spread her arms, smiling broadly.
“I was hoping you’d come with me! I know it’s sudden, but it would really help me out. Can you abandon your forge—leave the work to your other smiths and apprentices? If you can, I’d love for you to come to Liscor with me.”
Erin had the benefit of seeing Maughin blink at her twice. The Dullahan who towered over her head actually picked up his head and rubbed at his ears with his hands. He put his head on his shoulder and leaned down, cupping a hand to one ear.
“Excuse me? Did you say, go to Liscor, Miss Erin? Why would I do that?”
The young woman beamed and spread her arms out.
“Well, why not? Have you ever sold any uh, armor to Liscor? How’s the market for swords and stuff in Pallass?”
“There’s always a market. Not always the best one, but we export around the continent. To the rest of the world, even.”
The Dullahan frowned, rubbing his chin. Erin nodded.
“Right. You sell to [Merchants] and [Traders]. But what about selling directly to, I dunno, Celum? Isn’t it better to have multiple markets? To be competitive and stuff? You could check out the quality of their gear. And there’s this Gnoll [Armorer] in Liscor I’d like to you to meet.”
“Today?”
“Yup.”
Maughin looked around, frowning as if he suspected Erin of pulling some kind of prank.
“You mean, right now.”
“Uh huh.”
The [Armorer] stared down at Erin. She stared up, smiling hopefully. At last, Maughin shook his head.
“It’s an interesting offer, Miss Erin. But this is really too sudden. I have work. Perhaps I might have time in a week. Or a few days, but today? My apprentices need supervision, we’re working on a set of armor for a [Knight], and I have four glaive heads to manufacture by the end of the week—”
He shook his head, frowning. Erin nodded, as yet undeterred. Time to get serious. She casually glanced over her shoulder, looking apologetically at Maughin.
“Too bad. There’s this election happening in Liscor right now and it’s a big deal. I know Pallass is going to go through its elections, so I thought you could give my friends some tips. Oh, and one of my friends owns the Heartflame Breastplate and I was thinking you could maybe take a look at it. You know, Selys was wondering if she uncovered all of the functions. It sets itself on fire, very cool. And I made some cake I’d love for you to try…”
Maughin’s face had changed markedly during part of Erin’s little speech. He waved an urgent hand and bent even lower.
“Excuse me. Did you say the Heartflame Breastplate?”
Erin saw his Drake apprentice watching them from the forge out of the corner of her eye. She smiled innocently up at Maughin.
“What? Oh, yeah. And cake. But if you’re busy, I can totally understand.”
“Yes. I mean to say—no. I knew the Heartflame Breastplate was in Liscor. But you say your friend owns it? And I might be able to inspect it?”
