6.31
Page 29
Grimalkin modestly shook his head. He casually kicked the stone cube and it melted back into the earth. He noticed Erin, Maughin, and Raekea’s stare and shrugged, looking slightly pleased.
“I did say I was a [Mage], didn’t I? Then again, you wouldn’t be the first to assume my spell repertoire is limited. Hardly. I just believe in not wasting magic. Shall we go back to the inn?”
He began walking. Erin trailed after him. Grimalkin massaged his arms, looking a bit pained as he went. He nodded back at Erin as she followed him, mouth still ready to catch flies.
“Whew. I didn’t expect to do my traditional demonstration today. It takes a toll, even with experience. Was that what you wanted, Miss Erin? Part of the plan?”
“Better. You earned your cake!”
“Mm. I’m glad. And quite interested to see what you’ll do next. Say. You! You there!”
Grimalkin paused. He pointed at someone in the crowd. The Drake stopped, chewing on a stick of dried meat.
“Me?”
“Yes, you. You have the makings of a real [Mage]. Give me ten years—no, half that, and I’ll turn you into a spellcaster as fine as any Wistram graduate. What do you say?”
Grimalkin eyed the other Drake’s body appreciatively. The Drake in question blushed.
“Me? I never thought about being a [Mage]. What do you think, Erin? I don’t like the robes, but I’m not bad myself, huh?”
Relc lifted one arm. Grimalkin nodded. Erin laughed.
“Relc! Grimalkin, this is the Gecko of Liscor himself!”
“Aw, Erin—you know I hate that name!”
The [Sergeant] looked disgruntled. Grimalkin’s eyes went up and down Relc.
“This is the Gecko? I thought he’d be far scrawnier. No wonder you made it through so many battles. Put it here. Grimalkin. [Sinew Magus]—and the Muscle Mage of Pallass, apparently. You my friend, are an inspiration.”
“I am?”
“How can you not be? Here’s a [Sergeant] mixed with a [Spearmaster] who, not with overpowering Skills or weapons, did in enemy after enemy with nothing but his muscles and speed!”
He gestured to Relc, who had turned bright red under his green scales. Grimalkin slapped Relc on the shoulder and roared the word Erin knew was coming.
“Testicles! If Pallass’ army had half the testicles you do, we wouldn’t have lost half the wars with the other Walled Cities! Can I get you to give a small demonstration of your abilities to my apprentices, sir? They could use the motivation.”
He looked expectantly at Relc. The [Guardsman] swallowed his bite of meat. He looked at Erin. She grinned at him. Relc leaned over.
“I really like this guy. Hey, I heard you were doing something weird. Looks like it. Who’s the War Walker?”
He nodded at Maughin. The Dullahan looked affronted and pleased. Erin laughed as she introduced him.
“Maughin, this is Relc! Don’t mind him. We’re all going to the inn, Relc. Want to come along? I’ve got lots of cake and ice cream.”
“Do I?”
The Drake looked delighted. His tail wagged as he fell into step with Maughin and Raekea. Erin turned to the crowd.
“Sorry for disrupting you, folks! We’ll be on our way! Back to The Wandering Inn! Feel free to listen to that Drake lady! She’s a [Mage] too! Grimalkin’s going to relax, though. Hey, we’ve got blue fruit juice too! Stop by if you want some! Cheap!”
Grimalkin snorted, amused. Relc raised his brows and even Maughin had caught on by this point. He glanced down at Erin and shook his head. But he followed Erin, lowering his head to speak with Raekea, who was in the middle of the processing stage still. Grimalkin strolled ahead, speaking to Erin and Relc.
