6.31
Page 0

Erin Solstice woke up. She stared up at the wooden ceiling overhead and had a flash of panic. Things felt different. She twisted—and saw a pillow next to her. And then a drop.
She was lying in a bed. Her bed. And then Erin remembered. She was in her room, the first room by the stairs on the second floor of the inn. This was where she slept now.
Her bed in the kitchen was gone. And as Erin got up, she stretched and stared at the brightening landscape through a glass window. She still rose with the dawn, some days. Even though she didn’t have to. Old habits died hard.
And then Erin remembered last night and her lips compressed. She stared at Liscor, just a ten minute walk from her inn. And the [Innkeeper] made a fist and shook it at the inn.
“Olesm. You jerk.”
And that was all. Erin sighed. She closed her eyes and folded her arms. In her pajamas—thin cotton, breezy, and with a tail slit that Erin really didn’t need, the young woman thought. She shook her head.
“Nope. I’m still mad.”
Selys had been in tears yesterday after Olesm had shown up at Lism’s rally and essentially thrown a huge stone in Krshia’s campaign. Erin got why he’d done it—the Drake’s argument had been the talk of the inn. You can’t trust the Antinium. Build the city yourself. And if it were anyone other than Lism saying it, Erin might have understood.
But she was still mad. So Erin left her room. She paused in the hallway. Someone was already up. A green Hobgoblin paused, holding one of the simple toothbrushes Erin had given him. Guiltily he swallowed.
“Morning, Numbtongue. Are you eating toothpaste again? I told you, rinse, and spit!”
Erin gently glared at the taller Hobgoblin. The [Bard] hid the small tin of toothpaste behind his back.
“It tastes good.”
“Right, but I’m sure it’s bad for your stomach! It’s got chemicals and—”
Erin trailed off. She distinctly recalled seeing Numbtongue eat a rock once when he was bored. And he ate bugs. And leaves. She raised a finger.
“You know, Mrsha could see. And that’s a bad example.”
Numbtongue stared at her. Erin stared back.
“…Anyways, good morning.”
“Good morning.”
They headed downstairs together. Erin glanced at Numbtongue. He wasn’t wearing his leather armor. Or any armor today. That was a good sign; the Redfang warrior usually dressed as if he were about to go into combat even when he was lounging around. But today he only had a tank top on, leggings—he looked casual. He still carried the guitar on his back, which Erin supposed was some form of security; Numbtongue seemed to regard it as both club and musical instrument. But as he sat at a table, shifting his guitar out of the way, he looked casual.
It was what Erin wanted to see. But she wished—she closed her eyes. Oh, how she wished there were five Hobgoblins sitting there, not one. Six; a little Goblin among them, scowling like always. An army.
But that was how Erin felt every day. That was her regret. Her failure. And she had lived with that in her heart for enough time not to dwell on it. It was part of her. Sadness became memory. And she had bigger fish to fry. If she stopped, who would feed Numbtongue?
…Probably himself. He knew where the food was. But Erin went and got a fish anyways. She had a fresh one, preserved from the rainy season thanks to her [Field of Preservation] Skill. It was a hearty meal for breakfast, but Numbtongue ate like a Hobgoblin still. And he had virtually no fat! Then again, his idea of a relaxing day was mining for eight hours after picking a hundred blue fruits after breakfast to warm up. So Erin laid the fish on the counter and eyed it.
