6.31
Page 16
Grimalkin and Maughin exchanged a glance. After a second Erin turned and walked down the street. They followed her. Grimalkin muttered out of the other corner of his mouth to Maughin.
“You do know her, right? Are we walking into some kind of ambush? I’m fine with it; I can handle myself. You?”
“I’ve met her a handful of times. I’m told she’s an [Innkeeper] of some sort. But I must confess, I have never actually witnessed her inn or at work—”
“I’m on holiday! Geeze!”
Erin stopped in front of her magical door. She glared back at Maughin and Grimalkin. The Dullahan looked abashed; Grimalkin didn’t. He put his hands on his hips, eying the door as Erin strolled up to Kel the [Guardsman]. The Drake was giving her much the same look as the two men.
“Hey Kel! Two to go through. There’s no fee, right?”
“What? Are you insane? You can’t just bring—that’s Maughin! Our top smith! And that’s Magus Grimalkin! He’s our combat [Mage]!”
Kel spluttered as he pointed at the Dullahan and Grimalkin. Maughin looked pleased and Grimalkin held out a hand to shake.
“Top smith? Well done.”
“It is a small exaggeration. The Dwarf, Pelt, puts out better quality goods than I can. But I suppose it’s a matter of reliability—”
“Nonsense. That’s an achievement for anyone, let alone someone working Pallass’ forges. I won’t ask your level, but you’re not, what, forty? You must have been a genius. Baleros-born?”
“Yes. I received some accolades, but I thought I wouldn’t grow competing with smiths from my home. So I journeyed to Pallass. I had assumed I’d run up against countless masters.”
“Well, since old Lassilt died of a stroke, I suppose the field is clearer. The other Walled Cities poached two smiths, damn them. And Pelt’s been here a while, but I suppose your work’s really kept us at the top.”
“It is an honor to hear you say so—”
Kel stared at the two. Erin ignored the conversation behind her. She leaned on the door.
“Yeah, I know it’s Maughin and Grimalkin. So what? They can go through and there’s no fee. Isn’t that right?”
“Yes, but—you have no list and they’re—”
The Drake spluttered. Erin rolled right over him, speaking louder for the benefit of anyone passing by. Maughin and Grimalkin were certainly attracting looks on the street.
“Then what’s the problem? They’re free to go through. So am I. Move it! Shoo! Shoo!”
“You can’t!”
“I can! Grimalkin, can you give me a hand? Squash this guy’s head like a grape or something?”
Grimalkin strolled over. He ignored Erin who was pushing at Kel and investigated the door.
“I’ve seen this door before. Never gone through of course. So this is the artifact that everyone’s so eager to use, is it? Let’s see.”
He opened the door. Instantly, Erin’s inn appeared on the other side. Erin brightened up. Lyonette had kept it set it to Pallass! She waved at Maughin. The Dullahan was staring.
“See? It’s my door! Hey! Is Lyonette there? I’ve got guests!”
“Who is it? Erin?”
The young woman heard voices from the other side. Then Mrsha appeared. The white Gnoll galloped into view, blinked up at Maughin, and then fled. The Dullahan stared at her.
“Incredible. It truly is a magic door. I hadn’t seen it before.”
“Fascinating. This is clearly a portal spell. And it can transmit, what, hundreds of miles? I can’t imagine how powerful the enchantment on the door must be. It has to be worth at least ten thousand—no, possible a hundred thousand—of course, these spells were more common during certain eras of magical kingdoms. And we do have teleportation spells. But this is so convenient. And there’s no charge?”
