6.31
Page 5
The feeling was enough to drag even the slothful Pisces and Ceria out of their beds and down the stairs and Lyonette looked up. The quiet inn was coming alive. Because its owner was on the move. And The Wandering Inn got ready. For anything. Because if you knew Erin Solstice, anything was the least of what you should be ready for.
 
—-
 
And in Liscor, both Olesm Swifttail and Selys Shivertail learned what was going on at almost the same time. When Drassi hurried out of the inn, bursting with Lyonette’s message, the [Strategist] and [Receptionist] both heard her excited message. Selys because she was the intended target. Olesm after a young Gnoll repeated it word-for-word to him.
He glanced across the busy street in the morning hours at Selys and Drassi and got a scorching glare in return. The [Strategist] ducked his head and sighed. He fished in his money pouch and handed the Gnoll a few silver coins.
“Good work. Keep listening and following them about. Did you get a look at the paper?”
The Gnoll kid wagged his tail excitedly and shook his head.
“No, Strategist Olesm. But Miss Selys said—‘Oh? The armor? I can do that. But what’s she want?’”
He looked up at Olesm. The Drake made a face. He stared back at Selys and Drassi. They were camped on the other side of the street. Selys was having breakfast with Krshia and her cohort of mainly Gnolls and a few Drakes. On the other side, Lism and his band of Liscorites were eating breakfast, noisily laughing.
It was a standoff. Both sides had appeared down Market Street practically at dawn, ready to campaign. And it was a campaign now. A war in the streets. Olesm had no illusions. With his help, his uncle had thrown a few good hits into Krshia’s unprepared defenses, but the Gnoll [Shopkeeper] wasn’t about to back down. But it was an even fight. No—even weighted in Lism’s favor. He’d taken Krshia’s campaign and turned it on its head. Free money, more jobs, less Antinium. Olesm wished he could be proud about it, but he felt dirty. And yet—
“Nephew! How goes it?”
A jovial voice interrupted Olesm. The Gnoll informant waved a paw and disappeared in the direction of Selys and Drassi. Olesm turned.
“Uncle. Not bad, I guess. But I’m a bit worried. You’re ready with my notes?”
Lism patted the bundle of cards that Olesm had worked up, smiling from earhole to earhole.
“Don’t worry, I’ll send that arrogant Silverfang packing. She hasn’t got a leg to stand on and she knows it.”
“Don’t be overconfident. One of my informants said that she talked with Klbkch yesterday. The Antinium might have upped their offer.”
“So? It’s still Antinium money. Don’t worry, I’ll hammer her on that. And the Council has voted! The election’s going through! They haven’t said how or when—but they’ve agreed for, oh, what’s the phrase? ‘A referendum on the current Council which will be taken under advisory for the next appointment of members.’ That’s good, isn’t it?”
“….Could be. It sounds like they’re saying they might not count the votes. Or at least, they’re giving themselves a way out.”
Olesm frowned, working over the language in his mind. Lism bared his teeth, his tail wagging excitedly.
“They do that and they’ll have a riot on their hands. From both Gnolls and Drakes! I’m getting behind this election idea, Olesm. Honest Drakes on the Council, not snooty Merchant’s Guild heads! Watchmen, making decisions about their city! Senior Guardsman Jeiss will get the votes in.”
He looked delighted. Olesm was less so. The younger Drake shook his head.
