6.31
Page 34
Grimalkin looked like he was in love. He tried a squat, and then a lunge. Erin noticed his form was already perfect. Relc’s when he tried it was abysmal. The Drake laughed and swung the weight bar casually like a spear.
“This is so great. Hey! Can you guys make like a fifty-pound weight. Eight of them? I bet you I can lift four hundred pounds. And I bet Klb can’t.”
“Let me try. Think this will sell?”
One of the Drake [Blacksmiths] looked interested. So did the rest of Pallass’ smiths. They could smell business. Relc nodded.
“I’ll use it. Hey, how much does one of these cost?”
“A lot. We used good steel for the bar. Maybe we can get away with iron, but that much raw metal is going to cost, especially if we don’t want it to break.”
Maughin frowned, looking at his fellows. They nodded, and one of them got out a bit of parchment to scribble on. Relc sighed.
“Damn. Really?”
“And unless it has a purpose—what’s the point?”
“Well, there are barbells too. Smaller weights for the hands? You have stuff like that?”
Erin looked at the Drakes and Gnolls. They shook their heads, frowning. Bealt tapped one foot on the ground.
“I see the point that it builds muscle. But what’s the use for, say, a [Smith]? You’ll get all you need from swinging a hammer. Not much use for us, unless you do it for fun. Which I’ll grant you, it does look like a bit. Competitions and whatnot. But outside of that?”
He looked at Erin. She shrugged helplessly. Grimalkin made a disgusted sound.
“You don’t see the point? I do. And I guarantee you, when I recommend this to the Assembly of Crafts and Pallass’ [Generals], we will have at least a hundred orders of these for you within the week!”
Astonished, the crowd looked his way. Grimalkin looked around, drawing himself up. His robes strained to keep up with his frame.
“You don’t see the point? Dead gods! This is perfect for [Soldiers] and adventurers! Smaller weights, like these barbell things that Miss Solstice mentioned. Large ones. Benches like this to exercise—it’s the perfect way to train without sparring or hurting yourself. Someone can use one of these casually in the Adventurer’s Guild and work out a specific set of muscles! You want more arm muscle? You lift it like this. You want chest muscle? You do those bench presses. Erin! Is there a weight for your abdomen? Because I will pay you gold for a set of instructions on this.”
He turned to Erin. The [Smiths] excitedly murmured and several began drafting variants of the weight bar on their sheaves of parchment. Relc grunted as he piled every available weight onto the bar and lifted it up.
“Yeah. Where has this been all my life? Lift! Hah! Lift!”
He began doing shoulder-presses. Erin watched, laughing.
“Don’t hurt yourself! Seriously. You can hurt yourself bad doing that the wrong way, Grimalkin.”
“Better than [Soldiers] training with each other and putting out each other’s eyes or breaking bones.”
Grimalkin watched approvingly as Relc effortlessly completed a set and then handed it to Bealt. The Gnoll staggered and nearly fell under the weight. Erin grinned. This was not part of the plan. Right until it had been. But she was already improvising. And speaking of which—a flicker from the kitchen made her turn and look back at her inn. Lyonette waved at Erin and Erin nodded. The [Princess] came forwards with a tray. Erin took it, and beaming, turned to the [Smiths].
“Hey!”
They looked up from their deliberations. Erin walked back into the inn, lifted the tray, and the bowl of white stuff that was already melting from the heat of the distant forges. She looked around.
