6.31
Page 7
She had no grand plan. She had…pieces. And they went together, in a halting, logical, twisting flow in her head. And from that Erin thought she could do something that would help Krshia, make Lism really mad. And do more, do good things. But it was just an inkling. A suspicion that if things went well, it could work.
She was no [Strategist]. She had no grand plans. Because Erin knew in her heart of heart that she couldn’t really be a [General]. She wasn’t that kind of person, who could manipulate events and people like fine machinery. But by the same token, Erin did have something. And it was this: she knew people. And that was all.
She had friends. From that simple truth Erin Solstice could bring a city down. And that was today. She stepped through the magic door and into the city.
Pallass. The morning had advanced enough to let a smattering of people onto the streets. Gnolls, Drakes. And yes, the Dullahans from Baleros and the Garuda of Chandrar. They were few and far between, but still more of a minority than Humans or any other species. Erin spotted an avian head in the crowd and saw a green and white feathered Garuda man with a shopping basket under one arm as she looked around the street. He looked like he was doing some morning shopping. And he was so normal, yawning, scratching under one wing. Erin smiled. People were people.
“List?”
A pointed voice to her left made her look over. A Drake [Guardsman] with a familiar irked expression stared at her. Erin blinked at him.
“What?”
“Are you on the list for today’s arrivals? Do you have a list?”
The aggrieved [Guardsman] stared at her. Erin slapped her forehead.
“I knew I forgot something. No list. But it’s cool, right? No one asked to come through. And I’ll just be walking about. I’ll be back before you know it. I do own this door. Hey, aren’t you the jerk that stopped me last time?”
The Drake glowered. He had his trusty spear and he was eying Erin as if he would have loved to give her a good tap with it.
“Watch Captain Venim informed you that anyone passing through the door needs to be authorized coming from Liscor to Pallass.”
Erin rolled her eyes.
“And I’m authorized. You let me in just two days ago. Kel, right? Where’s your friend?”
Guardsman Kel glowered.
“It was deemed safe to allow one [Guardsman] to watch the door. Despite the two unauthorized entries yesterday.”
“Who? Olesm and Pisces? Aw. You gave them a hard time too, didn’t you? That’s why they couldn’t come back until the next day, isn’t it?”
Kel folded his arms with a sneer.
“I just did my job, Miss. And I have to inform you that you are also entering without proper authorization.”
“Right. So? What are you going to do about it, exactly?”
Erin looked blankly at Kel. The [Guardsman] hesitated. Erin leaned forwards, smiling as she put her hand on the closed door.
“If you want, I can go bother Watch Captain Venim again. I know where he is. Or I can talk to whoever’s on duty. Again. Wanna do that? Because that makes it like the eighth time you and I have done this. And I can do it eight more times. Just say the word. They’ve got free tea, you know.”
“That’s tea reserved for members of the Watch!”
“Too bad! It’s really good! Nice talking to you, Kel. I’ve got to be on my way. I’ll be back, though, don’t worry! Save my spot!”
“You’re here illegally!”
The Drake bellowed at Erin’s back. She waved at him. That was Kel for you. Hot-tempered, couldn’t relax. But she’d gotten to know him a bit. The proof was in the fact that Kel let her go rather than trying to poke her in the guts with his spear. She was wearing him down.
