6.31
Page 4
Lyonette sighed. Erin’s eyes were sparkling. As were Numbtongue and Mrsha’s, mainly at the prospect of that much sugar. The [Innkeeper] smiled.
“I have a plan to help with that election.”
“Oh, so you are going to interfere. Please tell me we’re going to sell all that food?”
“Most of it. Yeah, get ready for a lot of sales! And—we’re going to need more of all our food, Lyonette. Pizza, hamburgers—”
“Food from your world?”
“…Yes. Although lots of food in general is good. We’re going to have a party.”
The three diners at the table looked up. Lyonette glanced at Erin.
“You’re sure?”
The young woman paused. Erin’s eyes looked up, flickering from position to position. Seeing something in the distance.
“I think so, yeah. I’ve got this plan. It’s got a lot of moving parts. And it’s not quite together. But I’ve got something.”
Lyonette exchanged a glance with Numbtongue and nodded.
“Tell me what you need. Food—I can do food. I’ll send Drassi to shop for ingredients. It’ll take her a while; Krshia’s stall is closed, obviously.”
“Do that. And get someone to tell the Players of Celum that I want them to come in early. They’ll be performing Juliet and Romeo or Hamlet. Or Frozen. Not Much Ado About Nothing. Tell them to bring their best.”
“I’ll do that, then.”
Erin paced around, nodding absently. She glanced up with a frown.
“Thanks. Say, is Octavia bothering you? She wanted to talk to the Horns right when they got arrested, but I haven’t spoken to her since…”
“She hasn’t said anything to me. She’s been quiet, really. It’s almost a relief. Anything else?”
“Mm. One last thing. Send Drassi with a message for…Selys. Yeah. Just Selys. I’ll work out the rest as I go.”
“Go where? I’ll come.”
Numbtongue sat up. Erin smiled.
“Sorry, Numbtongue. You can’t. And it’s a solo mission for now, anyways. Tell Ceria and Pisces I need them to stay in the inn.”
“Got it.”
Lyonette watched Erin writing down her message on the parchment. Numbtongue stood up and went to read it. His brow furrowed further. He watched Erin fold it up, hand it to Lyonette, and then head to the magic door.
He was trying to understand. But as he watched Erin change the mana stones on the door, his brow suddenly cleared. He snapped his fingers.
“Ah.”
“I’ll be back!”
Erin turned and smiled at the room. Mrsha sat up, sniffing suddenly. And the inn was flooded with daylight. She shaded her eyes as the morning sky shone into the room for a moment—and then Erin was gone. Slowly, Lyonette looked at the closed door. And she got it too. She looked out a window, where the sun had yet to clear the mountains.
Numbtongue squatted by the door. He smiled, pleased. He’d figured some of it out. As for the rest? He went back to his guitar and strummed it softly, playing a quick, upbeat riff. He was looking forwards to when Erin got back. It was never boring around her. At her table, Lyonette watched Mrsha scarf her breakfast. The [Princess] sat back in her chair and cracked her fingers.
“Well, I guess it’s time to make some money. Numbtongue? Mind getting us some more blue fruits? Mrsha? Can you feed Apista?”
The Gnoll looked up and found the Ashfire Bee eating from the Faerie Flowers. She nodded and went to get her watering cup. Lyonette smiled.
“It’s time to make some money.”
Belatedly, she remembered something else. This was the day that Belgrade was supposed to come to the inn and begin construction! She sucked in her cheeks, but Erin was gone. And—Lyonette supposed it didn’t matter. She glanced up. You could almost feel it in the air. An excitement. A premonition.
