6.31
Page 19
“You honor me. I am but a student compared to Magus Grimalkin, but my Captain and I—Captain Ceria Springwalker of the Horns of Hammerad—may one day hope to seek your services. I hope you keep us in mind in that eventuality.”
“Ah. Of course.”
Maughin’s face immediately clouded over. Ceria looked at Pisces, shook herself, and then elbowed him in the side.
“Ignore my companion. I’m pleased to meet you. You’re from Pallass? And their…top [Blacksmith]?”
Both she and Pisces shot Erin a sideways glance. The [Innkeeper] ignored it. She smiled at Grimalkin and Maughin. They both blinked at her. This was clearly not how they’d expected to start their days. And yet—Erin smiled.
“We’re just going for a walk in the city, Ceria. You know? Maybe to see Krshia and her lot?”
“Ah.”
Pisces snapped his fingers, looking amused. Ceria’s eyes widened. She nodded silently. Grimalkin cleared his throat.
“I suppose this is part of the plan you mentioned?”
“Maybe?”
“What plan?”
Maughin warily looked from Erin to Grimalkin. The young woman opened her mouth. And then Numbtongue walked into the inn, with a huge basket of blue fruits cradled in one arm. He paused, staring at Maughin. The Dullahan turned. His face turned pale.
“Hob—”
“Down!”
Grimalkin roared. He didn’t cast a spell, he just leapt forwards, one fist raised. Numbtongue recoiled and Erin shouted.
“No! He’s a friend!”
“A what?”
The Drake stopped. Numbtongue windmilled wildly, spilling blue fruits and catching the door’s edge for balance. Maughin stared at him, and then at Erin.
“I heard Goblins frequented your inn. But this?”
He pointed at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin stared at Grimalkin. The [Mage] eyed him from head to toe. He opened his mouth, hesitated, and then patted Numbtongue on one shoulder.
“Good muscles.”
He turned to Erin. She grinned weakly.
“It’s Numbtongue. He’s a Goblin, yeah. But he’s my uh, employee? And friend. He stays here. He’s actually a [Bard].”
She pointed at Numbtongue. He edged past Grimalkin with the blue fruits’ basket in one arm. He paused and lifted his guitar, waved it once, and then put the basket on the nearest table. Erin coughed.
“So yeah. That’s Numbtongue.”
“Goblins working at an inn. Well, it’s your funeral, Miss Erin.”
Grimalkin shook his head, bemused. He looked over at Maughin. The Dullahan seemed petrified by the sight of Numbtongue. The [Bard], eying Maughin’s armor and huge form, was staying clear as well.
“He’s nice! Don’t worry, Numbtongue. Maughin’s a [Blacksmith]. He’s great! Really! And he can take his head off.”
Erin tried to soothe Numbtongue. Grimalkin folded his arms, looking from Numbtongue to Maughin. The Dullahan hesitated. He looked back at the magic door. Mrsha trotted over to it, clicked the dial, opened the door, and checked it. Celum and Octavia’s shop briefly appeared. Mrsha clicked the dial, again, and the stand of blue fruit trees appeared. The Dullahan groaned and sat back down again.
“This is all too much.”
“It’s fine. It really is. Numbtongue, say hi! Don’t shake your head at me! Maughin’s great! Grimalkin’s the one who could pull your head off. He’s a Muscle Mage.”
“I think that term isn’t quite appropriate—”
“We’re back. What did we—oh.”
Erin’s head turned. Maughin’s head turned. Grimalkin made a fist, caught himself, and stared. Ceria groaned slightly. Pisces grinned from ear to ear.
Yvlon and Ksmvr halted in the doorway as Liscor appeared behind them. The Human woman and Antinium stared at Maughin, then at Grimalkin. Erin glanced at Maughin too. The Dullahan had stopped breathing. She gingerly waved a hand.
“Hi Ksmvr. Yvlon.”
