6.31
Page 26
The Drake howled, but the crowd didn’t listen. And that was the point. Suddenly, the street was nearly empty. Behind Lism, Olesm uttered a curse. And Selys felt a delighted smile cross her mouth. She looked up at Krshia. The Gnoll climbed down the platform. Elirr looked at both of them. Selys glanced at Olesm who was tearing at his neck spines. Then she leaned forwards.
“I’ll get my armor. Elirr, you help me bring it to the inn. Krshia, better get there too.”
The Gnoll grinned. And as Selys turned her head, she could still hear Erin in the distance.
“Nothing to see here! Move along! Really. Hey, why’s everyone following us?”
 
—-
 
Raekea the [Armorer] looked up from her platform and stared. She had been shouting, arguing against one of Lism’s candidates for City Council. And frankly, she had been miserable doing it. She was no [Orator], [Diplomat], or anything close to a speaker. Metal didn’t argue back, and Raekea generally didn’t have a crowd watching her sweat. So it was a relief to be interrupted.
But what an interruption. The young woman smiled up at her. And the Dullahan was only a bit shorter than Raekea on her speaking platform. Erin Solstice bowed, a delighted smile on her face.
“Maughin, may I present Raekea, the best [Armorer] in Liscor? This is Maughin, Raekea. He’s a blacksmith too. An [Armorer] to be precise. Just like you. The best in all of Pallass.”
“Miss Raekea? I am Maughin. I am gratified to meet your acquaintance at last.”
A huge hand rose. Raekea grasped it with her own tough paw.
“P-pleased. Master Maughin?”
“Among smiths, we are equals, are we not?”
The Dullahan inclined his head. Raekea nearly inhaled her tongue. Maughin? The same Dullahan who stamped his insignia on the finest Pallassian arms? In front of her? She looked at Erin. The young woman beamed.
“I wanted to introduce you to Maughin. So he can see what he’s up against in Liscor’s forges. And maybe you could talk to him about selling your stuff to Celum and Humans. You know?”
“I—I’d be honored. But my forge is humble. And I’m sure I haven’t the levels to compare to Master Maughin. Not by half. I can’t…this is very sudden, yes?”
Raekea felt faint. Lightheaded at the sudden, strange turn of events. She saw a look of sympathy cross Maughin’s face. He turned to Erin.
“We are imposing.”
“Nonsense! Okay, we are. But I think you two should chat! Can’t we all take a break from this election thing and have some fun just talking about how hard it is to hit stuff with hammers? I’m down for that.”
Erin protested, ignoring the huge crowd watching her every move. And Raekea saw it. That sparkle in Erin’s eyes. Slowly, she nodded, slipping down from her platform. She bowed again to Maughin.
“I would be delighted. And of course. The election can wait.”
“So there is an election in Liscor. It parallels our own. May I ask who’s running against each other?”
“Oh, that’s a bunch of Drakes. Lism, that shouty guy who thought you were traditional allies? He wants to build Liscor without using the Antinium’s help. Raekea’s with Krshia. They want Gnolls on the Council.”
Maughin nodded slowly. He’d absorbed some of the nuance of the politics. His brows drew together as he glanced around. And he wasn’t exactly shouting, but the crowd wasn’t exactly talking over him either.
“Ah. Gnolls have not been traditionally part of Liscor’s Council?”
“No.”
