6.31
Page 14
“Ah. Thank you. Well, as I understand it Miss Solstice, the elections are fierce. It’s between the Protectorate party and the Unitail group this year. They are the two major parties attempting to gain a majority. Last year, the Protectorate managed to form a ruling party coalition with one of the smaller groups—the Zeresian group.”
Grimalkin nodded vigorously. Erin raised her eyebrows.
“Zeresian group?”
The two paused and Maughin extended a palm. Grimalkin leapt in.
“They favor strong ties with Zeres, who have historically been Pallass’ closest allies. A breakoff from the Protectorate party which favors Pallassian independence. Whereas the Unitail group which I suppose Master Maughin and the craftspeople favor is in support of free trade and open borders between all cities. The Protectorate puts tariffs on the other Walled City’s goods, which in turns leads them to tax our alchemical goods and steel. Myself, I consider it all too political. The Assembly is always fighting for power.”
“You’re not in favor of open borders?”
Maughin rumbled from behind Grimalkin, looking disapproving. The [Mage] turned his head back.
“Oh, largely, I suppose. It’s just that I don’t see why we need to tie voting for open borders to this huge discussion about parties and whatnot. I’m tired of it all. Then again, I grew up here. It doesn’t matter to me who’s in charge so long as I can practice my craft in peace. Pallass doesn’t have as strong a mage community as, say Fissival, Miss Erin. We tend to stay out of the politics. Ironic, I know, but we’re not Wistram.”
He addressed Erin. She nodded. Maughin continued to look disapproving so she turned to him.
“You’re going to vote, Maughin? Are you a full citizen?”
He nodded stiffly.
“I have lived in Pallass for over six years, which is the requisite minimum to be considered a full citizen and accorded voting rights. That in itself is a recent development; the minimum duration required to be considered a citizen was lowered from ten years to six in an election three years back.”
Grimalkin snapped his clawed fingers absently.
“Ah, I remember that. I voted to lower the age restriction.”
“You did?”
Maughin looked mollified. Grimalkin nodded briskly.
“Six years, eight years—if you’ve lived in a city for at least two years, why not call yourself a citizen? You pay taxes either way.”
“I wouldn’t go far as two years. But if you’ll vote for lowering the age requirement, what about open borders and more protection for other cities? The Protectorate—”
Grimalkin made a disgusted sound and raised a claw.
“Agh! They don’t have my vote. Satisfied? I wasn’t a fan of how they handled the Liscor crisis. Not at all. I admit, I liked their stance when Salazsar was throwing its weight around and inflating the prices of gemstones five years back, but this is too far.”
“Exactly what Rufelt and Lasica have been saying.”
Maughin nodded contentedly. Grimalkin nodded and muttered out of the corner of his mouth to Erin.
“Dullahans never give up an argument. Word of advice, Miss Solstice. How did you come to know Maughin anyways?”
“He knew Rufelt and Lasica, who’re my friends. And I got this knife from a smithing competition.”
The muscle [Mage] blinked as Erin showed him the knife. He bent down while walking to inspect it.
“I do remember that! And you! That’s the second time—wonderful display. Form and physique on show for all to see. That Dwarf was especially good, but Maughin has a classic [Blacksmith]’s build.”
He and Erin both turned to look at the Dullahan. Maughin stopped.
“I do?”
