6.31
Page 12
“Apologies. I don’t move around much from level to level. Aside from the larger elevators, I find it difficult.”
Maughin apologized as he navigated down the steps far slower than he’d walked. Erin didn’t mind; from the expressions of the pedestrians hurrying to get clear below Maughin, they weren’t keen on him tripping and falling either.
“No problem. Hey, I appreciate you taking the time. How’s business been? I haven’t really stopped to chat since that knife-making competition with Pelt and Bealt. I saw you in Tails and Scales of course, the other day.”
“Two days ago.”
Maughin nodded. His head wobbled and he put a hand up and secured it—Erin got the impression he was locking it into place.
“Yes, business has been fine. Ordinary. I haven’t completed any large projects. Pelt drinks too much as usual.”
“Is he—more depressed than normal? The knife he made is really awesome, but I feel bad about making him upset. I tried to talk to him twice, but every time I come up here he runs off.”
Maughin frowned. He gripped the edge of the large divider between the left and right sides of the stairs for support.
“No. I wouldn’t say that. He’s always drunk himself to oblivion. If anything, he’s working harder than usual. But I would say that he has strong feelings about your knife. And his past. I would not inquire. It would be impolite. And perhaps we caused some offence by finishing his knife. Still, I judge it acceptable; steel that fine cannot simply be wasted.”
Erin nodded. She wished Dawil were still here so she could introduce him to Pelt. Too bad, it was one of those things you took for granted. Then again, it wasn’t like they would know each other. Or get along. She sighed, hopped down the last eight steps, and waited for Maughin to catch up. As she waited, she heard another familiar voice.
“Up those steps! Are you [Mages] or limp-tailed [Scribes]? Pump those legs! This is the last stretch! That’s it!”
Erin peered down the steps. On cue, she saw a huge, muscular figure swarming up the stairs as pedestrians got out of the way. It was a Drake, dressed in robes, but with the body of a professional bodybuilder. And following him was a group of Drakes and one Gnoll, all gasping for air. The Drake summited the steps on the eighth floor and immediately turned to harangue his apprentices.
“You want to learn magic? You pay the price! If you can’t do three laps each morning, how can I expect you to cast a [Fireball] spell? Get those knees up! Faster! That’s right, that’s right…alright, you can rest.”
He waved a disgusted claw at his apprentices as they simply collapsed on the eighth floor. The Gnoll pulled out a water bottle and splashed it over her fur. A Drake pulled out a stamina potion. The [Mage] slapped it out of his hands in a moment.
“You fool! I told you time and again, potions are a shortcut! You want to build a body that’s strong? You don’t rely on potions! They’ll stunt your growth!”
He smashed the bottle on the ground and stomped on the glass shards, ignoring the questionable logic of that decision. The Drake moaned. The [Mage] opened his mouth for further shouting, and Erin waved her hands desperately.
“Ooh! Ooh! Hey! You’re Grimalkin, right? Remember me?”
Grimalkin turned. The muscular [Mage]’s eyes widened and he pointed a claw.
“I do! Your name is…”
“Erin Solstice?”
Erin stepped to one side to let Maughin move past her. Grimalkin bounded over, leaving his poor apprentices to hug the ground and sweat.
“Erin Solstice? Ah yes! The Human with guts! An honor! We didn’t get a chance to speak last time.”
