6.31
Page 6
“Just remember, Uncle. My worry is the Antinium. I’m not supporting you if you keep attacking Humans or Gnolls for that matter. I’m trying to protect Liscor.”
Lism’s expression softened. He laid a hand on Olesm’s shoulder.
“Ah, my boy. For you I’ll change anything you need. And we’ll safeguard Liscor. Together. Don’t look so worried! The city’s with us. Once we gave them an option that was as good as Silverfang’s, the support poured in. Even if the Antinium offer a bit more—and we’re getting in letters of support from all the cities, and even donations—we can persuade folks to do the right thing.”
Olesm hoped Lism was right. But even so, he cast an agonized glance at Selys again. She was ignoring him after she’d tried to punch his lights out yesterday. His tail drooped. Then he sighed.
“I think we can win this. My biggest worry right now though, is Erin.”
Lism’s face soured at once.
“Ah. The Human [Innkeeper]. What about her? She can’t vote.”
“No. But she can help Krshia’s campaign out a lot. I don’t know what she’s doing, but it looks like she’s getting Selys to use her Heartflame Breastplate for something. I thought they’d have Watch Captain Zevara wearing it—but she’s staying neutral it seems.”
“So? If they put a Drake in the armor, it’s the armor that matters, not the Drake. And if they put a Gnoll in it—they’re no Zel Shivertail. A bit of flash won’t change any minds.”
Olesm nodded. That was true. But still, he worried.
“I know. But Erin has a plan of some kind. That’s what Drassi said.”
Lism threw up his hands.
“And so what? You’re the [Strategist], my boy. What can this girl do?”
Olesm looked at his uncle with one eye and shook his head slowly.
“She’s Erin, uncle. Erin. I can’t predict what she’ll do. If there’s anyone who could—win the election by making fish fall out of the sky, it’s her.”
“You have too much faith in that Human girl. Just because she can play chess a bit better than you…fine! Watch for her by all means. But let’s not forget the facts. We have a better campaign than she does. How can she change the facts?”
The older Drake blustered. Olesm made no reply. He just watched Selys. And she was looking down the street, in the direction of The Wandering Inn. Selys looked up from a hamburger from one of the street stalls and met Olesm’s eyes at last. She bared her teeth and made a rude gesture as Krshia stood up. Lism stalked forwards and the two began shouting at each other almost at once.
But that wasn’t what their seconds were waiting for. Olesm was poised, antsy, nervous. Selys looked calmer, but every two seconds she was glancing eastwards, towards the inn. Both of them were waiting for their friend to make another move. And part of Olesm, no, all of him wanted to see it. Because it was Erin. And he felt as small and far from her as he ever had. He couldn’t touch her on the chess board, or in courage, daring. Kindness. But perhaps here?
He waited, and then ducked as Selys threw her half-eaten burger at his head. And they both waited. But the watchers Olesm had posted on the door to Erin’s inn from the city didn’t warn him that Erin was coming. The inn was quiet. And Olesm wondered why that was so. He wondered what Erin was waiting for. Then he wondered where Erin was. And by that time, it was far too late.
 
—-
 
And here was the truth. The little grain of it, tucked behind the expectation of all her friends. Krshia, the Horns, Lyonette, Numbtongue. Olesm. It was a simple fact. And it was that Erin didn’t know what she was doing.
