6.31
Page 22
“I know. But it’s Erin. If anyone can do something, it’s her.”
Despairingly, Selys turned her head. She knew it was unfair to pin so much on Erin. This wasn’t even her city. Not really. But she was Selys’ friend. Surely she could so something, right?
But what? The crowd erupted into more cheers and Selys looked up to see Lism raising his arms and Krshia grimacing. It said it all. The elections weren’t even happening yet—the Council had tentatively put them a week from today. And already it felt like it was over. Selys thought about confronting Olesm, asking him what it would take for Lism to back down—disavowing the Antinium maybe. But could they hijack Lism’s platform in return?
And then, Selys felt it. It was like a ripple through the crowd. She couldn’t hear it—Lism’s voice was drowning out sound. But she felt it. A sudden lapse in attention. A turning, shifting, as people, with that animalistic instinct, realized something was going on behind them. And Selys turned. She whirled and knew.
 
—-
 
Here she came. Three streets over, and strolling. Just walking along, chattering to the exceedingly buff Drake on her right. The giant, armored…Human? On her left. Maughin and Grimalkin. Erin was pointing at the street, speaking louder than normal because of the distant shouting.
“And this is a street. You like streets, don’t you? I’ll grant you, it’s not as nice as Pallass’ smooth stone walkways, but it’s a good street.”
“Rugged. Rounded cobblestones. They’ve been worn smooth, but some are going to come loose and leave potholes. Definitely not ideal. You could roll an ankle more easily. But it’s firm enough.”
Grimalkin glanced at the street dismissively. He didn’t really care, but it seemed like the Magus of Muscles had an opinion about everything. Erin smiled. On her left, the Dullahan lowered his head and peered at her and Grimalkin, looking aggrieved.
“Why are we talking about streets?”
“Don’t worry about it, Maughin. You wanna talk about clouds instead? Or Liscor’s election?”
“I’m still trying to figure out what happened.”
The Dullahan [Blacksmith]’s voice was plaintive. He twisted his head from side to side, looking at the Gnolls and Drakes staring at him. And oh, they were staring. Maughin put his head back on his shoulders and looked down at Erin and Grimalkin.
“One second I was at my forge. The next—I’m here. And I met an Antinium. An actual…it makes sense when I think about it, but it’s so abrupt.”
“You have to adapt. I’ve had this kind of experience—only in battle, not walking down the street. The suddenness of change. One second you’re marching with your friends, the next, someone’s cast an [Earthquake] spell and you’re clinging for dear life while a rock splits open your friend’s skull. Adaptability. I try to teach that too to my apprentices.”
Grimalkin nodded to himself. He eyed the streets full of people. Some of the Gnolls were sniffing as they passed. Erin smiled. Could they smell Pallass? She checked behind her and noticed the small crowd staring at their backs. She patted Maughin on the lower back.
“It’s alright. Sorry for dragging you through like that and surprising you with Numbtongue and Ksmvr. I forgot how weird they are to most people. They’re here every day.”
“Goblins and Antinium. I can’t fathom it. Actually, the Goblin I can understand. I did hear about the Goblin’s Lament Company. It was formed—and then declared invalid—before I ever came to Izril. But Antinium?”
“Ksmvr’s just like anyone else. Okay, he’s sort of different, but you shook his hand. He’s nice. They’re not all enemies, right Grimalkin?”
