6.31
Page 8
Erin walked ahead, breathing in the fresh air. At this height, it felt cooler, crisper. Or maybe it was because the smells of a muddy Liscor didn’t have any bearing here. Pallass’ air was fresh; even better, it had no smog like the cities in Erin’s world. She caught the whiff of fresh bread, a perfume from a passing Dullahan lady, flowers being offered by a Gnoll [Florist]. And then, a sharper smell. Oil, cleaning materials. Not entirely unpleasant. Erin turned her head and heard a familiar voice.
“You. You want sharp knives. Everyone wants sharp knives.”
A Dullahan stood behind his counter, addressing a Gnoll man. The Gnoll pointed at himself uncertainly.
“Me?”
The Dullahan didn’t nod. But his head, resting on the little pillow in the basket on his counter opened his mouth while his armored body lowered his pointing finger.
“Yes, you. You need sharp knives. I have the sharpest knives. Come and see.”
“I uh—I have good knives. Thanks.”
The Gnoll glanced at Erin as she wandered over. The Dullahan glanced at her and then addressed the Gnoll.
“But are they sharp?”
“Pretty sharp. I’m fairly certain…thank you. But I have to be going, yes? Er—”
The Gnoll backed away. The Dullahan sighed. He picked up his head and adjusted it in the basket with his body. Erin leaned on the counter, beaming.
“Hello, Lorent. How’s business?”
“It could be better. Did you hear that Gnoll? He’s got good knives. And is he certain? Or is he so used to a dull blade that he’s taken it for granted?”
The Dullahan [Sharpener] pursed his lips. He tilted his head to look at Erin and the kitchen knife strapped to her side.
“How’s your knife? Any nicks? Blemishes? Dulling?”
“Nope! I cut a fish in half with it just this morning. It’s wicked. Thanks for getting it all ready for me. No complaints!”
Erin patted the kitchen knife at her side. It was the same knife that Maughin had given her after the competition with Pelt. Loren’s perpetual frown seemed to ease as he nodded at it.
“That was a good knife. Excellently made. It can hold a keener edge than half my stock, easily. I’m glad you respect the metal. But I could also do the same for the rest of your knives. Just bring them in and I’ll give you a discount. Or order some from Maughin.”
Erin smiled, relaxed as she leaned on the counter.
“I will, I will. But they are sharp. I tested them. And your knives are dangerously edged! I don’t want to lose a finger; my hands aren’t armored. Have you ever thought about selling gloves to your non-Dullahan customers?”
Lorent’s brows rose.
“I have not. You mean, like a chainmail glove? I could look into it. Although some of my knives could cut through even steel links fairly easily…”
“Maybe that’s a selling point. Anyways, I’m on business. Lorent, you wouldn’t happen to know if Maughin’s in his forge today, would you?”
The Dullahan paused. He scratched his head with his fingers absently.
“Hmm. He should be working there. You have an order for him?”
“Not exactly. But I do have something fun in mind. Hey, thanks. I’ll see you there. Keep an eye on this street, okay? I’m going to do something fun later.”
Erin winked at Lorent and pointed back towards her door. He nodded.
“I’ll be here. If you spot anyone in need of sharp knives…”
The young woman paused. And a light bulb went off in her brain. Her plan suddenly expanded. She smiled conspiratorially at Lorent.
“I may. Do you have to sharpen knives in your shop?”
“I can sharpen a knife anywhere if I bring my tools. Why?”
“Hm. I may have a lot of business for you soon. Keep an open mind, will you?”
“My mind is completely open to business.”
