6.31
Page 31
You had to look twice after a scene like that. Especially because Erin Solstice wasn’t alone.  A crowd of other onlookers were staring out of the door, with as much fascination as Pallass’ citizens were staring into it. Relc called out as he hefted his end of the door higher over his head.
“Excuse me! City Watch coming through! Excuse me! Hey. Is that a Garuda? I thought that Bevussa chick was the only one in Pallass.”
“The Garuda population has been increasing over the last few years. There are a few hundred. Not many, but they’ve overtaken the Human population in the city.”
“No kidding? Wow.”
“You can’t do this! Put that down now! This is an order!”
“Onwards! Ignore Kel, guys. He’s just grumpy.”
Erin laughed as the doorway tilted to look back at Guardsman Kel, who was pursuing Grimalkin and Relc. She saw the furious Drake grabbing for the door, and then a clawed hand blocking him. Relc’s voice came through the door as Erin watched.
“Hey buddy, relax. Erin’s got authority to bring this door wherever. Trust me. I’m a Senior Guardsman. I outrank you or something.”
“You’re a Liscorian [Guardsman]!”
“Yeah. But I’m a Senior Liscorian Guardsman. Hey Erin! Where to?”
They’d reached the ninth floor. Erin pointed, the captain of her mobile door-ship.
“There! Straight to the forges! Make sure we get a good position so everyone can see!”
She stepped back so the crowd behind her could see. Gnolls and Drakes, all attracted from Liscor, crowded around the door. They gasped as the rows of forges and [Smiths] at work all came into view.
“The forges of Pallass. Dead gods.”
“Is that really what they look like? That city—this is Pallass?”
Erin looked around proudly. The Drakes and Gnolls fighting for a view were awed. She wondered how many of them had seen Pallass. And if they had—how long ago had it been? She nodded.
“That’s right! This is Pallass! And those forges belong to the best [Smiths]. And one of them is right there. Maughin! We’re here!”
Erin waved excitedly to someone in the door. The view tilted, and someone else came into view. The crowd pushed back and Erin waved excitedly.
“Maughin! It’s me! And I brought the door.”
“You brought—”
A huge Dullahan appeared in front of the door. The crowd oohed as Maughin, sweaty, his armor slightly sooty, stepped into view. And next to him was a smaller Gnoll, covered in an apron, holding a hammer. Raekea the [Armorer] stared back through the door at a sea of faces. She looked to one side as Relc, dusting his claws, stepped into view. He grinned at Erin.
“Made it! And there’s an entire crowd of people following us!”
“Oh really? I wonder why.”
Erin innocently blinked at Relc. She heard a rugged laugh from Grimalkin. The [Mage] had good-naturedly agreed to her request and helped her send Raekea and Maughin through first. Now he cracked his neck and glanced through the door.
“Quite a crowd.”
“Only a hundred people or so. Lyonette won’t let more in just yet. They’re all looking through the windows outside. Hey! Selys is here too.”
Erin reached into the crowd and pulled out her friend. Selys waved at Maughin and Raekea. The Gnoll looked around. She ran a paw through her fur.
“I can’t believe I’m here. I just walked through the door and—”
She glanced up at Maughin. The Dullahan laid a hand on her shoulder gravely.
“You do get used to it.”
