6.31
Page 32
Raekea looked awed in the face of Maughin’s forge, the rows of roaring furnaces. She gestured around Maughin’s forge, stepping back as the crowd in Liscor jostled for view. Erin saw some people from Pallass peeking into frame and shouts from Kel, warning them to keep back from the forge. Raekea ignored them both. She was gesturing at Maughin’s personal studio.
“My forge has half of your capacity at best. I’d heard that Pallass manufactured a good portion of Izril’s steel. But to see it in action—”
“I’m sure Liscor is well-served by your work as well, Master Raekea.”
The Dullahan [Armorer] smiled warmly at Raekea. A blush appeared on the Gnoll’s cheeks and she shook her head. She looked around and both Erin and Selys saw her catch her breath. Selys stared through the door silently as well. Erin nudged her.
“Well, what do you think? I told you Pallass is awesome! But you never wanted to go.”
“It is amazing, Erin. It’s—”
Selys struggled for words. She had watched the door pass near the edge of the eighth floor, stared down into the heart of Pallass. And she had seen the smooth streets, the beautiful sky, the magical lifts in the distance. She couldn’t put it into words.
“It’s—”
And there it was again. A moment of—hesitation from Liscor’s side of the door. Just like what was written on Raekea’s face. Selys spotted it because she herself felt it in her chest. A sinking sensation. If she had to give it a name, she’d call it a sense of inferiority. She’d known, of course, that Pallass was impressive. But it was one thing to see it in person.
A Walled City. A treasure of the Drakes. Real, in front of your eyes. And you looked at that and you compared it to the city you knew all your life. The city you thought was so grand and wonderful. And you found it was—
The silence among Liscor’s crowd reflected Selys’ feelings. Erin seemed to notice, because she nudged Selys, smiling gently. She stepped towards the door and peered at something Maughin was lifting up, checking with one practiced eye. And like that, the smiths of Pallass turned to her, and the [Innkeeper] of Liscor spoke and two cities danced on her words.
“Hey! Are those weights done? Amazing! How long did that take you? It looks exactly like what I said! Hey, Grimalkin, get over here!”
She pointed at the bar that Maughin was experimentally sliding an iron weight onto. The round ten pound weight was exactly like the ones from Erin’s world, albeit smoother, without any markings on it. The Dullahan turned back to Erin, shrugging.
“It was an easy thing to forge. You asked for a circle with a hole in the center and a long rod. The only trick is enough steel to forge-weld together. And my apprentices and I can do that in no time.”
“I wouldn’t even have enough crucible steel to make a bar this long.”
Raekea eyed the long weight bar in Maughin’s hand, solid and long. The Dullahan ducked his head slightly, and Erin noticed his eyes on Raekea.
“Ah. This is the product of Pallass’ forges. We do have the advantage of massive furnaces. The heat and capacity, especially with enchanted forges is unparalleled. I could give you a tour later if you would like. It would be my pleasure.”
“I would love to see them. It is an honor, Master Maughin, truly.”
“The pleasure is mine, Raekea. If I may use your name?”
The Dullahan glanced sideways at the Gnoll. Erin bit her lip. Uh oh. She leaned through the doorway. When Raekea turned to look at one of the smaller forges, she whispered up at him.
“Psst. Maughin. Raekea’s married.”
Maughin’s face fell. Erin patted him on the leg.
