6.31
Page 25
“We may be historical enemies with Dullahans, but cooperation between all species is essential! And Pallass’ citizens coming to Liscor proves that ties between our cities is more important than ever! Remember, this is about the Antinium people!”
Lism bellowed over their heads. Erin shook her fist at him.
“Shut up! This is a private meeting! Stop eavesdropping, jerk!”
“Erin!”
Selys couldn’t bear it any further. She grabbed Erin as Lism spluttered. She could feel Olesm’s eyes on her, but she had no idea what was happening either. She whispered at Erin as the young woman obligingly bent an ear to listen.
“What are you doing? Drassi didn’t tell me what the plan was! What should Krshia say? Are we having the Dullahan speak? What is it?”
Erin looked blankly at Selys. Then she frowned.
“Plan? What you think I brought Maughin and Grimalkin, about the elections? That’s not why I brought them. Maughin wants to see your Heartflame Breastplate. Grimalkin wants to meet Relc. Oh! And we need to meet Raekea. Where is she?”
Selys gaped.
“Not on this street. She’s speaking in Dragondance Plaza, that way. But Erin—”
“Not on this street? Aw, man. Well, we’ll go see her. Can we see the armor? You can bring it by the inn. Please? Maughin will flip if he sees it. Not literally I hope.”
Erin glanced over her shoulder, her eyes twinkling. That stopped Selys from shaking her friend. She stood back, watching as Erin turned to address Grimalkin and Maughin. She was ready for Erin to make a speech, to somehow flip this on Lism. But all Erin did was shrug.
“Sorry! Wrong street! Raekea’s not here. Selys is going to get the armor, Maughin. Let’s go visit Raekea, shall we? Hey, Selys, do you know where Relc is?”
“N-no.”
Erin nodded. She cheerfully shouted, addressing Selys, Maughin and Grimalkin, and the crowd as a whole.
“We’ll stop by the Watch House, then. Follow me!”
And with that, Erin turned and began walking back down the street. It was so abrupt that everyone stared. Maughin turned, his face one permanent frown, Grimalkin walked after Erin, grinning and clearly enjoyed himself—Krshia stared at Erin’s back.
“You’re leaving? But Erin—”
The young woman turned back. She blinked back at Krshia. The Gnoll waved her arms wildly, much like Mrsha using sign language. Erin shrugged. And her expression was blank.
“Sorry. I’m just showing my friends around. You can get back to shouting, you guys! Maughin, Grimalkin, this way! Let’s go find Raekea! And Relc! Make way!”
And she left. Maughin trailed after Erin, turning his head to look around. And the wide-eyed crowd returned his gaze. They watched as Erin, the legendary crazy Human of Liscor left. Accompanied by a giant Dullahan [Blacksmith] and a…[Mage] who would have given Relc’s muscles a run for their money.
“Well. Well—that’s just—clearly a sign of—good to see support from Pallass.”
Lism’s voice trailed off weakly. A few heads turned to look at him. The Drake [Shopkeeper] cleared his throat.
“So. As I was saying…Krshia Silverfang, your refusal to look at the facts is just disgraceful! Even traitorous! I—hold on, where are you going?”
Lism’s head turned. The crowd was moving. Like a flock of fish—or sheep—or really interested dogs following a bone, they were suddenly trailing after Erin.
“Hold on! We’re not done debating!”
Lism called after the crowd. Krshia uncertainly looked at Erin’s back. But the crowd barely glanced back. Someone shouted up at Lism.
“I know, but I really want to know what she’s going to do with those two. We’ll be back!”
“Hold on! This is for the future of Liscor!”
