6.31
Page 36
Maughin frowned as Relc and Grimalkin bent for the door. They decided to pull instead of carry it. The Dullahan looked down at Erin and realized she was moving backwards. The door was slowly disappearing. Maughin walked after it, bowl in hand. He stared at Erin as she stood in the retreating doorway, blinking at her.
“I’ve had cakes before. But is yours somehow different?”
“Yup! I’ve got a secret recipe. Well, I have baking soda. So my cakes are very fluffy. And sugary! Sorry, Grimalkin. And frosted. Vanilla again—I can’t find chocolate. But I made a great lime frosting the other day.”
“Frosting? Er…this ice cream is very good. Very, very good. Sweet. But it is freezing my teeth.”
Maughin trotted after Erin. And behind him Bealt perked up his ears and promptly abandoned his forge. Erin watched a dozen other [Smiths] follow suit. Raekea was still investigating the forges. Erin hoped she’d find her way back. She turned to Ishkr, who’d popped up with more ice cream in a bowl.
“I can get you a drink. This is an inn. On the move! Blue fruit juice? Milk? Just water?”
“Blue fruit juice, please!”
“Drag the door first, Relc.”
“Blue fruit juice? Ah—a glass of water would be most welcome—”
Maughin nearly tripped on the first of the stairs. He called down after Erin as the door descended. She waved at him brightly.
“I’ll see you back in the usual spot! Oh, bring the bowls too! And come on through when you do. I want you to try pizza!”
“Pizza? What’s that?”
Maughin called out desperately, slowly trying to follow Erin down the stairs. The [Innkeeper] waved. The Dullahan took another step and then realized a crowd was rushing down the stairs in front of him. Pallass’ citizens followed, reaching for the bowls of ice cream Erin passed through the door, asking questions much like Maughin. The Dullahan watched as Erin’s magical door retreated, and the flood of Pallassians followed. He blinked at the dregs of ice cream in his bowl. And then he looked at the door.
“Was this all part of the plan?”
His only reply was Erin’s laughter. The Dullahan turned and looked back at his forge. At Raekea, the weight bar and Grimalkin doing a clean and press. He sighed and shook his head and despite the day, the promise of more sugar and business and the wonders of Erin’s inn, he sagged. The Dullahan kicked at a pebble on the ground disconsolately.
“They’re always married.”
 

