6.31
Page 11
Maughin cleared his throat a few times, looking uncharacteristically flustered.
“The Heartflame Breastplate? We are speaking about the same armor? This is not some—other breastplate?”
The young woman saw two of Maughin’s journeymen smiths, both Dullahans, glancing at their master from the forge. And another smith was eying her from a distance. She waved to the [Farrier], Bealt at a distance. Then she took a deep breath and looked back at Maughin.
“No, sorry. I said the Heartflame Breastplate. The legendary artifact!”
Erin shouted it across the forges. The rhythmic, background beating of hammers hitting metal faltered. Erin heard an oath two forges over as someone hit himself on the hand. Another [Smith] poked his head out of the forge to stare. Erin looked up at Maughin.
“Zel Shivertail used to stay at my inn. He was a good guy. Drake. And his niece is Selys Shivertail. She’s my best friend. Wanna see her armor? She won’t mind. It’s not like she wears it.”
She shrugged nonchalantly. Maughin turned his head on his shoulders a hundred and eighty degrees. Erin eyed that queasily, and saw him making a gesture behind his back. Whatever it meant, both of his journeymen Dullahan smiths took off their heads to nod very vigorously. And half a dozen [Smiths] were also drifting out of their forges. Maughin turned his head back and gave Erin a very casual look. He coughed once.
“Well. I…I would be delighted. I don’t think I need to work on all my pieces right at this moment. Why not?”
“Great! Then let’s take a stroll to Liscor! It’s on the eighth floor. Hey Bealt!”
“Miss Solstice! Did I just hear you say the Heartflame Breastplate?”
“Yeah! We’re going to look at it! Hey, I’ll catch you later, okay?”
Erin waved at the Gnoll. He opened his mouth. Apologetically, Erin cut him off.
“And—sorry! One [Blacksmith] is probably enough! You know about what they say about cooks and broth! It’s probably the same with smiths and armor!”
“What? But I—”
Bealt tried to climb over his anvil and nearly burned himself. Maughin looked at Erin as she waved apologetically at the other smiths. He eyed a Drake trying to get to them while taking off his apron.
“Ah, we should go. I’d hate to keep your friend waiting.”
“Sure, sure! Where’s the nearest elevator?”
The Dullahan pointed.
“The personal elevators are somewhat cramped. We may take the stairs. Follow me.”
He set off. Erin waved at the other smiths who were shouting questions, and hurried off. She was trying not to laugh. Maughin strode towards the nearest grand staircase until he realized his stride was leaving Erin behind. Then he hurried back to her.
“My apologies, Miss Erin. But you’re sure? This isn’t an issue? I would be allowed to inspect the breastplate at my leisure? No, a glance would suffice. But if I could test it with a hammer—”
“Sure! Sure! Selys isn’t using it. Grab a hammer!”
Erin waited as Maughin practically raced back. The Dullahan was huffing when he returned. He looked at her.
“And you know the owner of the Heartflame Breastplate?”
“Yup. She’s a [Receptionist]. We’re old friends. Well, not old, but she inherited it. Man. I was so sad when I heard Zel died.”
“A tragedy. Pallass was in mourning for weeks.”
Maughin nodded carefully. He led the way down the stairs. Even with Pallass’ many citizens, he stood out. As big as Moore. But apparently they could get even bigger. Erin imagined what one of the War Walkers—which were apparently super-huge Dullahans—would look like. She shook her head as she went down the stairs.
