6.31
Page 33
“Sorry. I should have said that earlier. Grimalkin! How’s the bar?”
“Let me see. I’ve got these two weights on. And if the bar’s, what, fifty pounds? This is sixty, seventy. And how do I do it?”
“Use a bench! Lie on your back, feet on the ground, press up—”
Erin watched as Grimalkin found a pair of stools and dragged them over. He pressed his back flat against the first stool and put his butt on the second. Lying flat in the air, he took the weight bar as Relc handed it to him. Grimalkin lowered it to his chest, pressed up experimentally, and grunted.
“Light.”
“Well, let’s get more weights and put them on!”
Relc energetically loaded one side of Grimalkin’s bar with four more of the round weights. Erin winced.
“Don’t do it like that! It’s unbalanced! And it’s slipping off, look!”
“Oops. How do you stop that?”
“You need a cap. Something to stop them from sliding too far in one direction. Shouldn’t be hard.”
That came from Bealt. The [Farrier] watched with fascination as Grimalkin tried to do a bench press with five times as much weight on one end. He shook his head.
“Let me go to my forge and knock one out. It’ll just be a tight little ring—”
“I can do it! My forge is hot and I’ve got some iron!”
One of the other [Smiths] called out. The Drake set a bar stock into forge fire. Half the [Smiths] on the ninth floor were gathered around the door and Grimalkin, and more were drifting over each second. Erin laughed in delight as Bealt grabbed a horseshoe stock from his forge and began folding a second cap into place.
“Awesome! You know, it also has a stand. Two little holders that hold the bar. That way, if it’s too heavy, you can have someone lift it into place and hold it.”
“I get it. And we challenge ourselves. This—this will definitely exercise my chest muscles. But I wonder, can I lift it other ways? Swordsmen swing weighted lead-filled blades around. Maybe I could do the same?”
Grimalkin swung the weights bar carelessly with one hand. Erin reflexively ducked with half the [Smiths] nearby. She shouted through the doorway.
“Don’t do that! Just do a uh, deadlift! Or a squat? Here’s I’ll show you! Take those weights off!”
She hopped through the door. Instantly, it went dark. A roar of protest went up from both Liscor and Pallass’ side. Grimalkin strode over to the door and laid a claw on it.
“Hup!”
He barked and the door flickered to life. The [Mage] grimaced and flexed one wrist.
“Mana-hungry, isn’t it?”
“I’m trying to fix that. Anyways. Here. Give me that. Wow. This is heavy.”
“It’s only fifty pounds. Weak. Weak!”
Relc stopped when Erin turned to glare at him. He and Grimalkin watched as Erin demonstrated a squat as best she knew how. Then a lunge, deadlift, and shoulder press. None of this was actually stuff Erin had done herself; until she’d gotten [Lesser Strength] she doubted she would have been able to lift the weight bar nearly as smoothly as she was doing now. But the exercises impressed her audience no end. Maughin stopped dejectedly showing Raekea around his furnace to watch.
“That’s an interesting routine. So these weights and this bar. It’s for people trying to exercise?”
“Yup. Build muscle and all that. I don’t know how popular it is—lots of people did it back at home. I never saw the point.”
“Never saw the point? This has to be far more efficient than most of the exercises we do. Sparring and practicing strikes is good for muscle, but this? This is perfect.”
