6.31
Page 3
The Hobgoblin nodded. He watched with interest as Erin’s eyes unfocused. Numbtongue knew Erin. Or rather, he was understanding more about the strange Human who called him family. And unlike many of her guests and friends, the Hobgoblin was well aware of what Erin could do. Rather like a certain Wall Lord, actually. He waited, eating with interest. Learning. And Erin’s eyes lit up after three minutes of silence.
“Hold on. Selys. Heartflame Breastplate. Stabbing people with the kitchen knife…cake. Yeah. I can work with this.”
Numbtongue paused. He stared at Erin and tried to connect the pieces.
“What are you going to do?”
“You’ll see.”
Erin smiled as she got up. She walked back into the kitchen. The [Bard] stared at her back. He scratched his head, put down his guitar, and began doodling on the top of the table with a sharp claw.
“Cake. Plus knives and Heartflame Breastplate. And Selys. Stabbing people?”
He was working on it when Lyonette and Mrsha came downstairs. The [Princess] called a greeting to the Hobgoblin.
“Good morning, Numbtongue!”
He looked up. A white shape raced downstairs. A nose appeared and then two big eyes. Numbtongue waved as two paws appeared. Mrsha signed to Numbtongue, smiling.
Good morning. (Paw tracing a smile, two folded paws sideways, then rising to a forty five degree angle.)
“Good morning.”
The Hobgoblin smiled. He smiled at a Human and a Gnoll, and they smiled back. Miraculous. Mrsha sniffed Numbtongue’s plate. He picked off a piece of fish and offered it to her. She snatched it.
“Mrsha! Numbtongue! You eat off plates!”
Guiltily, both Gnoll and Hobgoblin hunched their shoulders. Lyonette put her hands on her hips, shaking her head. Then she glanced at the kitchen.
“Is Erin cooking?”
“Nope. Making plans.”
Lyonette hesitated.
“That’s…good. About the elections in Liscor, right? Did she say what she’s doing, Numbtongue?”
“Maybe something involving stabbing.”
The Hobgoblin frowned, still trying to work it out. Lyonette paused.
“Oh.”
Mrsha finished her piece of fish and scampered into the kitchen on all four paws. Lyonette and Numbtongue heard an exclamation, a delighted laugh, and not a second later, Mrsha was coming out proudly bearing a plate, cups, and silverware on two legs. She trundled over to their table and held them up. Numbtongue and Lyonette took the plate and set them on a table. The [Princess] smiled.
“Very good, Mrsha. Good morning, Erin!”
“Hey Lyonette! Today’s going to be a big day! How much cake and ice cream do we have? Oh—here’s some eggs and bacon. Numbtongue ate the rest of the fish.”
“Sorry.”
The Hobgoblin offered Lyonette a last piece of fish, but the [Princess] shook her head. Mrsha’s ears perked up at the words ‘cake’ and ‘ice cream’. The [Princess] sighed as she took the skillet Erin had come out of the kitchen with and doled out breakfast for both her and the Gnoll cub.
“We’ve got two cakes, unless Numbtongue or Mrsha’s eaten one when I haven’t been looking. And enough ice cream ingredients for eight guests. Or two Relcs. Why?”
“Well, we’re going to need about triple of both. You know how to make both, right? Can I ask you to whip up some more?”
“Better. Ishkr’s coming in just a few minutes. He can help make the ice cream. Unless—when do you need it? Because it melts, remember, Erin? And I’ll have to get him to buy some ice. Which is expensive. Even more than sugar.”
“Make Ceria do it. She’s free ice! And uh, maybe store it in the basement? Her magic stuff disappears after half an hour and I don’t know when we’ll need it. But we definitely need a bunch.”
“For a party?”
