6.31
Page 24
“Erin.”
Krshia breathed the words. And there she appeared. Laughing, waving her hands, creating a path in people as easily as a [Hydromancer] shifting the waters of a lake.
“Make way for Maughin, fabulous he! Dullahan [Blacksmith], best in Pallass! He’s got a dozen apprentices! And Grimalkin, the famous muscle mage! Don’t worry, we’re just having a stroll! Nobody stare!”
She danced forwards.
“Don’t mind us. Haven’t you seen a Dullahan before? And a really muscly [Mage]?”
Erin laughed. Lism turned his head to stare behind him. And Olesm, standing in the street behind his uncle’s platform went pale. He signaled desperately, but Lism’s mouth was faster. He turned.
“Clearly some ploy, by Krshia and that Human, folks. Don’t mind him. What am I saying? Give him some room. Dullahans from Pallass? Ah yes. Well, the Dullahans. Traditional allies of the Drakes. Well, of course, we’re pleased to have you in our city, sir!”
He smiled and waved at Maughin. The Dullahan, already uncomfortable, raised his head and turned it to stare at Lism. The Drake turned pale. The [Armorer] shook his head, perplexed.
“Traditional allies? I’m sorry…sir. But our species have not historically been allies. We were great enemies during the time of Dragons.”
He frowned deeply. A murmur ran through the crowd at that. Erin sighed, but her eyes sparkled. And on her platform, Krshia bared her teeth. She called over at Lism, who’d gone red with embarrassment.
“Historical enemies, you say? But Dullahans are a welcome part of Pallass now. It makes you think—”
“Hush!”
To everyone’s surprise, it was Erin who interrupted Krshia. She frowned up at the Gnoll and made a zipping motion with her mouth. Krshia stared at her. But Erin was pushing forwards again.
“Excuse me. Is Selys here? I’m looking for Selys! My friend?”
“Here! I’m here Erin!”
A claw rose over the cloud and Selys eagerly pushed through the crowd. Lism spluttered from his platform, but Olesm had gotten to him and anxiously shushed his uncle to silence. Erin beamed at Selys as the crowd stopped, witness to her meeting with Selys. She gestured at Grimalkin and Maughin.
“Selys! Great to see you. I wanted to introduce you to two of my friends from Pallass. Remember how I told you about them? Grimalkin, this is Selys. She’s uh, Zel’s niece. My best friend and a [Receptionist] at the Adventurer’s Guild. Selys, this is Grimalkin. And Master Maughin!”
She pointed up. Bemused, Selys offered a hand. Maughin shook it, looking dazedly around at the staring faces. Selys stared at his giant hand. And then Grimalkin seized her claws and gave them a bone-crushing shake.
“Miss Shivertail, I met your uncle a handful of times. But there was a [General] I could respect. He understood something about the physical form. He would have made a wonderful [Mage] but I’m afraid he never took to it. Still, I’ve never met someone with manual dexterity like that. And his claws! Those were on par with a national treasure alone!”
“Oh. Oh? You knew Uncle Zel?”
“I did indeed. A truly impressive leader. May I ask if you take after him?”
Maughin jumped.
“Selys Shivertail? The owner of the Heartflame Breastplate?”
He bent down again, eyes wide. Selys looked up at him.
“Well—yes, I have it. But—”
“He just wants to see it, Selys. Nothing big. I promised he could look. That’s fine, right?”
“Of course. I mean, the City Watch has it in the vaults when no one’s wearing it. I leased it to Keldrass, but he doesn’t keep it when he’s not in the dungeon. Uh—”
