6.31
Page 15
The Drake nodded. He walked around the Dullahan, speaking rapidly and gesturing at his arms and legs.
“Good physique. A bit upper-body intensive, but I can respect that out of a [Blacksmith]. Still, you could do some leg exercises. You’re aware that Dullahans grow to fit your armor, I’m sure, but that strength is often underused. May I ask if you do any kind of curling exercises?”
“Curling? How?”
Grimalkin sighed. He adjusted his robes, and for a moment the fabric strained against his chest, revealing a row of rippling abdominal muscles. Erin oohed and Maughin looked impressed—then embarrassed. He averted his gaze.
“Abdominal muscles. It’s the—the foundation of every movement. Even trained warriors neglect their stomachs and backs. I’ve discovered that it’s criminally underused, however. I’m trying to raise awareness, but it’s hard to convince a [Warrior] that he needs to do sit-ups to improve his swing. I realize it’s not obvious at first glance, but the body is connected, you understand?”
The Drake patted his stomach disconsolately. Erin nodded rapidly.
“No, I totally get it! You’re talking about the core, right?”
Grimalkin turned his head and snapped his fingers.
“The core? Excellent name! Where did you come up with that?”
“Well, where I come from, people know about it—”
“They do? Tell me more! Wait, where do you come from?”
Erin’s tongue tangled in her mouth. She hesitated.
“W-well, I—the core’s just the core, right? And you do all kinds of stretches. Sorry, I’m not an expert, but I do know about dynamic stretching vs static.”
“Which is?”
“Well, you do this instead of…”
Erin began showing Grimalkin some stretches in the street, doing arm swings, rotating her body—Grimalkin walked around her nodding.
“I see. I see. That’s—well, I’ve found the same thing. Stationary stretching tires the muscles or so it feels, while this—but most [Soldiers] won’t do either before a battle. And I keep telling Pallass’ [Strategists], if an army took ten minutes to warm up before charging into the fray—”
Maughin took his head off and rubbed at his eyes. When the Dullahan put his head back on his shoulders, he cleared his throat gently. Erin and Grimalkin looked up. The Dullahan massaged his temple gently.
“I apologize for interrupting. But I must confess, Miss Erin. I am not certain why I’m here. Is this…why are we here?”
He gestured to Erin and Grimalkin. The young woman realized she was doing stretches in the middle of the street. She blushed; Grimalkin just looked around blankly as if nothing was out of the ordinary. She shrugged.
“Sorry, Maughin. We should get going if we want to get to Liscor.”
“I understand. But you’ve invited me and Magus Grimalkin. Why?”
“…Because I saw him?”
Erin gave Maughin a wide-eyed stare. He searched her face for anything, but clearly didn’t find it.
“So you invited him to go to Liscor? And me, because I was available?”
“Yep. That’s all there is to it. I was gonna get Rufelt and Lasica if you were busy. But this is great too. Grimalkin’s part of the plan.”
“I am? What plan?”
The [Mage] looked suspiciously at Erin as he tried out one of her stretches. Erin shrugged.
“Just something cool. Don’t worry. It’ll be fun! I promise. And you’ll get to see the armor, Maughin. And Relc.”
The two males looked unconvinced. Erin blew out her cheeks. This was why you didn’t tell people they were part of a plan. She threw her hands up.
“It’s just something that will help me out! Besides, do you have a reason not to follow me?”
