6.31
Page 20
Yvlon looked at her. She stared at Maughin.
“Uh. Hi Erin. We were having our morning training. Who’re our guests?”
“This is Maughin. He’s a Dullahan. And this is Grimalkin. Uh, Maughin, Grimalkin, meet Yvlon and Ksmvr. They’re part of the Horns of Hammerad. Yvlon’s a [Warrior] and Ksmvr is—”
“Antinium.”
Maughin breathed the word. And for him, it was a note of horror. Horror, incredulity—both were written across his face. Ksmvr tilted his head, then approached cheerfully. He stuck out his right hand.
“An Antinium, in point of fact. And I am no longer affiliated with my Hive. Good morning. I am Ksmvr, adventurer for hire.”
The Dullahan recoiled. He looked at Erin with an expression of shock. She stared back innocently. Grimalkin broke the silence by stepping forwards. He peered at Ksmvr with narrowed eyelids. The Antinium turned towards him with an open hand. Grimalkin ignored it.
“Hm. Not bad. Not bad. I’ve seen corpses and fought a few, but even the Workers have a very efficient build. Of course; insect’s bodies are very efficient. No wasted fat. And four arms? Hm. I’ve often wondered if it’s inefficient.”
“I have wondered the same thing. But I am very sturdy. You may attempt to push me over if you wish. May I shake your hand?”
Grimalkin eyed Ksmvr. He shook his head abruptly.
“No. I fought in both the First and Second Antinium Wars. And I forgot Liscor had a Hive. Well, this day does get more and more interesting, doesn’t it, Maughin?”
He looked back at the Dullahan. Maughin stared palely at Ksmvr as the [Skirmisher] cheerfully turned to him. He looked at Erin. Then he gingerly reached out and shook the hand. Mainly to get Ksmvr to go away. But the Antinium just kept standing there after he was done. Maughin passed a hand over his pale face.
“I…am not certain why I’m here.”
Erin bit her lip. She looked from Grimalkin to Maughin, to Mrsha, who was happily sniffing Yvlon’s boots, to Pisces who had stuffed part of his robe into his mouth to cover his laughter, to Numbtongue, who was eating a blue fruit and eying Grimalkin. Ceria met Erin’s eyes. The two looked at each other and burst out laughing. It was Yvlon who sighed. And Ksmvr who brightly spread his arms.
“Welcome to The Wandering Inn. My name is Ksmvr.”
 
—-
 
Liscor’s streets were full of shouting. You could hear Lism’s voice eight streets down. Krshia’s growling shouts nine streets. But in this case at least, volume didn’t matter. The debate about the elections were hot on everyone’s tongues as they stood around and debated, or worked and chattered.
A Gnoll [Tailor] poked herself in the thumb as she debated with her assistants, both of whom were Drakes. A [Butcher] talked with his clients as he prepared a cut of meat.
“The Council’s voted. We’re having elections. A democracy. Like Pallass. Who would have thought?”
“I think it’s overdue. But who will you vote for?”
“Well, seeing as there’s two choices right now, I’ll have to vote for Raekea. She’s in my district.”
“Voting for your species? Come on now.”
“What’s wrong with that? What’s wrong with a Gnoll on the Council?”
“Nothing. If you’re not selling Liscor to do it. Can we trust the Antinium?”
“I saw you going to Senior Guardsman Klbkch just the other day.”
“That’s different. This is about security. And if we can make some jobs and guard our walls—Strategist Olesm is with Lism.”
“Lism’s a racist old bag of wind.”
“I think he makes sense myself.”
“When I was young, the Antinium weren’t here. And we got on fine ourselves.”
“It’s not just about the Antinium. If you’re not voting for a Gnoll, that’s racist.”
“Says who?”
