6.31
Page 18
“Excuse me?”
Ceria gaped up at Grimalkin. The Drake shook his head.
“What’s your backup when you run out of magic, miss? An enchanted dagger? Running away and hoping the rest of your team takes care of the fighting? I don’t want to be rude, but is that how you lost your hand? Have you ever considered learning how to use a sword as well as fighting? [Spellswords] get a bad rap, but in my experience, they live longer when things go south. Now, I can respect a [Fencer]’s build, but that rapier won’t go through anything like a Wyvern’s hide—”
Erin backed away as Ceria and Pisces tried to object—and then run away—and Grimalkin grabbed both their shoulders. She edged over to Maughin. He was staring out of a window, entranced. He turned his head to her.
“We have travelled hundreds of miles in a moment. This is truly powerful magic, Miss Solstice.”
“I know. Isn’t it great? I never thought I could do this myself. And this is my inn, Maughin! I told you I had one.”
Erin waved a hand around. Maughin turned his head to look. Erin saw a flash of white—Mrsha disappeared around the back of a table.
“Aw. Mrsha. It’s just Maughin. He’s a Dullahan. Don’t worry, he can put his head back. Come here.”
Erin went to find Mrsha. The Gnoll cub shrank as Erin pulled her out of the table. Maughin bowed his head slightly, then put it on his shoulders.
“Good evening, little one.”
He held out a finger to shake. Mrsha timidly shook it, then sniffed Maughin’s finger. She looked relieved and the Dullahan smiled. Then he looked alarmed and shielded his head.
“Miss Erin. There is a gigantic bug over there. Hold the child safe. I will squash it.”
“No! That’s Apista!”
Erin yelped. Maughin stared at her. Mrsha rushed over to protect the Ashfire Bee and Apista landed on her head. The Dullahan stared at Mrsha. At Apista. At Erin as she tried to explain. He had to sit on the floor.
“Okay! Everyone stop!”
Erin waved her hands. Grimalkin, Maughin, Mrsha, Apista, Pisces, and Ceria looked up. Erin turned around. She took a deep breath.
“Maughin, Grimalkin, this is my inn. And this is Mrsha—wave, Mrsha—and Apista. She’s the pet of one of my employees. That’s Pisces and Ceria—they’re Silver-rank adventurers. Everyone, this is Maughin and Grimalkin. Maughin’s a [Blacksmith], the best in Pallass! And Grimalkin’s a Muscle Mage. They’re here to visit.”
“Pleased to meet you all.”
Maughin took off his head to bow, looking a bit shell-shocked. Grimalkin bowed slightly. He eyed Mrsha, who eyed him as if she wasn’t sure he was actually a Drake. Erin smiled.
“Okay? Everyone cool?”
Pisces and Ceria nodded. Both edged a bit away from Grimalkin. Mrsha came over, with Apista in her paws. Grimalkin peered down at the Ashfire bee.
“I’m seen odd familiars. Even someone trying to raise Creler as a pet. But I have to admit—I’m somewhat thrown. Hello there. Mrsha?”
He gingerly offered Mrsha a claw. Apista showed her stinger; Grimalkin withdrew the claw. Erin looked around, beaming. Maughin was shaking his head.
“This is quite an experience. I was just at my forge. Now—I am fine. Thank you, Miss Erin. I have been discourteous.”
He rose and approached Pisces and Ceria. They shook his hands, staring up at him.
“A pleasure.”
“Uh, likewise. Master Maughin, is it?”
Ceria stammered. Pisces nodded. He shook Maughin’s hand.
“I am a humble servant of magic, Master Maughin. The day’s greetings with you. Please forgive our lax manners.”
Maughin blinked. He inclined his head.
“No offense taken. I am pleased to meet you. Magus Pisces?”
The [Necromancer] smiled effusively.
