6.31
Page 23
The [Sinew Magus] shook his head.
“I’m withholding judgment.”
Erin shrugged.
“Well, as long as you don’t punch anyone’s head off. And what’s wrong with walking down the street in Liscor? They have elections. Pallass has elections. Ours are going on right now, actually.”
Maughin nodded. He’d heard Lism shouting and some of the arguments on display. He adjusted his head, raising it to peek over a crowd of bodies ahead of him. A Drake saw that and fainted. Maughin put his head on his shoulders, looking embarrassed.
“It’s still surreal. One second we were in Pallass. The next? Here. This is grand magic. Beyond me. The idea that a door like this always existed in Pallass…why has no one used it?”
Erin smiled to herself. She led the two down the next street, hearing the shouting growing louder. As did the press of bodies. But Maughin and Grimalkin generated the bubble of space big, imposing fellows got.
“Probably because Liscor’s a nowhere border city, right? You could have always come through, right? You just didn’t.”
“I never had a reason to.”
“Nor I.”
Grimalkin and Maughin exchanged a thoughtful glance. Erin’s smile widened and she threw an arm around both. Well, Grimalkin’s lower chest and Maughin’s armored buttock.
“And now you’re here! It’s great! And here we are! Market Street, or Arguing Street, really. The two candidates for Liscor’s election are shouting down here. I think this is where we’ll find Selys and that Gnoll I want you to meet, Maughin. And maybe Relc if there’s a lot of fighting.”
She pointed through a wall of bodies. Maughin frowned.
“Will we make it through? I see two people on platforms, but there must be several hundred—”
“Don’t worry! Just follow me!”
Erin waved at Maughin. He reluctantly stepped after her. The back of the crowd, who had been watching Lism and Krshia argue, noticed the sudden shadow. They turned back. They could easily miss Erin, maybe even Grimalkin. But Maughin was head-and-shoulders taller than the tallest Gnoll. Erin heard a few screams and some shouts.
“What is that?”
“A Human? A half-Giant?”
“A Dullahan? Here?”
“Hey! It’s that Human! You know what that means—”
Erin ignored all of it, especially that last comment. She waved her hands, shouting cheerfully. And she channeled her best Robin Williams.
“Make way! Make way! We’re just having a walk! Excuse me! Don’t mind us!”
Maughin waved a hand, gently edging forwards. And as more Drakes and Gnolls turned their heads, hearing Erin shouting, they stared.
“Grimalkin, this way! Watch the muscles, ladies! He’s got a ten-pack. Muscle Mage, don’t you know? Excuse me! Some room for Maughin! He’s a [Blacksmith]! [Armorer]! It’s close! Don’t stare!”
For some reason, people weren’t listening to Erin’s pleas for anonymity. On the other hand, they were making good progress. The crowd parted, and the electric attention on Lism and Krshia began to fade. Accordingly, more people began to notice and turn. Erin and her two friends were halfway towards the two debaters on their platforms when they noticed. Lism turned his head, breaking off as he felt the eyes on him turning elsewhere.
“And as I was saying the—the Antinium can’t be—what is that?”
His voice, and the pointing claw pushed all the attention onto Maughin. The [Smith] flushed. Uncomfortably, he adjusted his head. Lism stared. And then the young woman’s voice rose. Erin’s [Loud Voice] Skill made her words echo across the crowd and adjoining streets.
“Hey! Rude! What’s with the pointing? Excuse me, yes, excuse me, we’re just passing through! Keep moving! You can get back to debating after we’re gone!”
