6.31
Page 27
“It is an issue that has come into light in Pallass as well. Dullahans occupy two seats out of hundreds. Despite the fact that we are a growing minority. Garuda have no seats. I hope the Gnolls of Liscor can claim some seats on the Council. Not that I understand the details of your election.”
Raekea cleared her throat, trying not to glance at her opponent, Alonna Swiftwing, the poised Mage’s Guildmistress glaring at her from her podium.
“I would be pleased.”
“Great! And now we can go back to the inn. Come on, Raekea. I bet Selys has the armor by now.”
Erin cheerfully waved at her group. As if there was nothing out of the ordinary. Raekea blinked. Maughin looked resigned. The Gnoll woman saw another Drake folding his arms next to Erin. And he was…built. Raekea was married to a [Blacksmith], but she looked twice at this Drake’s body.
“Who is this?”
Erin slapped her forehead.
“Sorry. Raekea, meet Grimalkin. He’s a Muscle Mage from Pallass.”
“I keep telling you. That is not an appropriate term for my magic.”
The Drake unfolded one arm and gave Raekea’s paw a squeeze like a vice. The Gnoll shook her paw and stared at Grimalkin. Erin raised her hands.
“How am I supposed to know what you do? Muscle Mage. [Sinew Magus]. What does it mean? You store magic in your muscles. And?”
The question threw Grimalkin. He closed his eyes, began to look annoyed—and then caught himself. He cracked one eye open and glanced at Erin.
“Aha. You’re quite deceptive, Miss Erin.”
She grinned at him.
“And your brain is as muscly as your…legs. But I’m serious. Care to show us?”
The Drake thought it over.
“Well, since you’ve set the stage…I could always use new apprentices. And publicity. Why not? But let’s get one thing straight, Miss Solstice. I’m not the ‘Muscle Mage of Pallass’.”
“Oh really? What are you?”
Grimalkin threw his arms wide. He roared, surprising Maughin, Raekea, and the citizens of Liscor clustered around.
“Pallass’ greatest [Mage]! Grimalkin, the Fist Mage! Laugh! And they do laugh in Wistram. But I have dueled Archmages. And my magic is second to none! Look. They say Archmage Amerys can fly across the oceans. But can she do this?”
The Drake knelt. And then he sprang up. He leapt over Erin and Raekea’s heads. Up, into the sky. As if gravity had no hold on him. Erin’s jaw dropped as Grimalkin nimbly landed. On a rooftop fifty feet distant. The Drake turned. And Grimalkin’s voice roared over the plaza.
“True [Mages] are more than walking tanks of mana! True [Mages] can fight! If you run out of spells, stand and fight with your companions! Trust your body, not just your mind! Cowards hide behind their comrades! If you’re a [Mage]—fight! And this will be your reward!”
He leapt down like a falling anvil. The crowd scattered, but Grimalkin landed as lightly as a cat. Erin whistled. Grimalkin strode forwards, looking around.
“What can I lift? That wagon? No. It’ll break. A few Gnolls? Bah. No help for it. [Stone Shaping].”
He bent, and pulled part of the plaza up. A cubed block of stone with two grooves near the top rose out of the ground. Grimalkin waved a hand at the awed murmurs.
“That isn’t the magic. People of Liscor! This is what a body can do. Observe! This is without a single spell cast!”
So saying, he gripped the chunk of stone by the two handholds and with a grunt, hefted it up to chest-level. This time Erin gulped. If that stone was solid all the way though, it had to weigh hundreds of pounds. Grimalkin’s voice shook only slightly.
“Conditioning. Weight. Balance—and now—lift!”
