6.31
Page 9
Lorent watched Erin go. She waved at him, grinning. And she saw a faint smile on the reserved Dullahan’s lips. He liked her, or so Erin thought. She thought he was cool, even if he really did speak only about knives. And her meeting with him had given her another idea.
By now, Erin was used to Pallass. At least, the general layout. She knew where the regularly spaced out elevators were on each floor and at least a few good spots. She hopped into an elevator with a Gnoll attendant and three other Gnolls. The Gnoll raised his brows, surprised to see a Human.
“What floor?”
“Ninth! Thanks!”
Erin answered with a smile. The Gnoll nodded and pulled a lever. The elevator shot up fast, but Erin and the Gnolls were ready for it. She hopped out on the ninth floor as the elevator came to a stop. And ahead of her was the floor reserved for the [Alchemists] and [Blacksmiths], two of the industries that the city was known for.
“Here goes.”
The young Human woman marched down the floor by the guardrails. On her right, the forges appeared, clanging infernos of heat and steel. Erin could see sparks flying, Drakes, Dullahans, a few Gnolls, no Garuda, hard at work. Hammering despite the early hour. Few noticed her, but she kept her eyes open. And by the largest of the forges she spotted a familiar Dullahan laboring in the back.
“Excuse me!”
Erin waved to one of the Drakes in the front. She had to call twice before the apprentice looked up. She trotted over after sticking a bar of metal into the forge to heat. Erin waved at her, maintaining a respectful distance from the forge; the [Smiths] had drawn a line in paint on the ground beyond which safety was not guaranteed.
“Sorry! Can I ask if Maughin’s in this morning? And Pelt?”
The Drake recognized Erin at once. Her eyes went to the knife at her belt, and she stepped forwards to shout.
“You’re that Human, right? The one who goes to Master Maughin’s tavern? And who got Mister Pelt to forge a knife?”
“Tails and Scales! That’s right! Where’s Maughin?”
“In the forge. Mister Pelt’s not here today. He’s probably got a hangover. I wouldn’t wait for him.”
The Drake grimaced. She pointed at an empty forge down the ways. Erin grimaced. Well, Pelt wasn’t her first choice. He was probably a bit of a disaster in fact.
“Maughin’s fine. Can I ask you to call him over? If he’s not super-busy. Tell him it’s me!”
The Drake nodded. She trotted into the forge and Erin waited patiently. She saw Maughin’s huge form turn and soon he was trotting towards her. She looked up at him. Not since Moore had she seen anyone so huge, and Maughin wore his light metal armor over his entire body! He was already covered in sweat, but she saw that he had a water canteen in the basket he carried his head in. And he was drinking from a straw.
“Maughin! Hey!”
“Miss Erin. It is good to see you.”
Maughin smiled slightly as Erin waved at him and stepped over the warning line to meet him. He bent slightly, and his face was largely neutral. If you didn’t know Dullahans, his reserve might have even come off as passively hostile. But Erin knew Dullahans now and the fact that he was smiling when he met her and that he used her first name meant he felt close enough to be informal.
Erin stopped and gave him a slight bow; Rufelt had told her it was customary for Dullahans to honor [Smiths] whom they held in high regard, even among friends. And Maughin’s pleased expression told Erin he noticed. He inclined his head back and formalities done, they stepped further away from the forge so they wouldn’t have to shout.
