6.31
Page 13
He held out a hand. Erin shook it and her hand was immediately crushed by a huge hand. She beamed up at him. Well, wasn’t this a lucky surprise?
“It’s great to see you. Hey—this is a question out of the blue, but—do you want to visit Liscor?”
“What Liscor?”
“What?”
Behind Erin, Maughin turned his head. Erin turned to smile at him.
“Yeah! The more the merrier! I don’t know what there is for Grimalkin to see, but I’d love to have him. What about it? We’re going right now. Got any spare time?”
The [Mage] blinked, and then folded his arms. His biceps, triceps, and other ceps rippled with the motion. Grimalkin looked up at the sky, tapping one foot.
“Liscor. Liscor…why not? I just finished my morning run with these slugs and they need a moment. And I’d love to meet the Gecko of Liscor. You wouldn’t happen to know him, would you?”
“Relc? Of course! He’s one of my oldest clients! I can totally introduce you to him! Come on! We’ll go together! Grimalkin, this is Maughin. Do you two know each other?”
The Drake craned his thick neck up. Maughin blinked down at him. The Drake gnawed one lip.
“Hm. Yes I do. Not personally. Pleased. Grimalkin, [Mage].”
“Ah. A pleasure. Maughin. [Blacksmith].”
The two shook hands, blinking at each other. Erin grinned.
“Alright! And if we see Rufus and Lasica—no, wait, the door will probably shut down. I hope the Horns can charge it. Alright, with me!”
She waved the two onwards. Grimalkin paused to bark back at his apprentices.
“You get a reprieve! When we get back, we’ll keep studying!”
Erin saw one of the Drakes lying on the ground raise her head and give Erin a desperate look of gratitude. The [Innkeeper] waved a hand. Then she marched ahead, leading Maughin and Grimalkin behind her. The Dullahan was turning his head from both Erin to Grimalkin now. But Erin was talking to Grimalkin.
“We just met once. But are you really a muscle-mage? Or a [Mage] that uses the magic of…muscles?”
Grimalkin laughed. He had an energetic pace that matched Maughin’s longer legs; Erin was the one who had to jog to keep up.
“Muscle magic? I suppose that’s one word for it! I’m an expert on physical enhancement. It’s an underdeveloped school of magic. But it essentially allows me to enhance a body’s capacity.”
“Right, like casting strength enchantments on me or something?”
“Exactly. Although that’s a common spell. Still, it’s rare enough to see a [Mage] specializing in that. Why bother with enchanting someone to swing a sword harder when you can throw a [Fireball]? Hah. Well, I also believe a conditioned body is a key to a [Mage]’s success, both academically and in battle. Hence my rigorous training regimen.”
“I can see that. You’ve uh, got muscles everywhere. Even your tail is thick.”
Erin looked at Grimalkin’s tail. He laughed.
“Exactly! You know, most species consider our tails a hindrance in battle. But tails provide support, a means of catching your opponents off-guard—but listen to me talk on. Humans don’t have tails. I’m always amazed at your sense of balance without.”
“It does get hard. Speaking of which Maughin, Grimalkin, I hear the Assembly of Crafts is going to have elections soon. That’s what Rufelt and Lasica always tell me about when I visit their bar. How’s that going?”
Maughin, who’d been opening his mouth for a word edgewise for a while now, paused. He and Grimalkin looked at each other, and then both spoke at once.
“My apologies.”
Grimalkin cleared his throat.
“No, no. Go ahead, uh, Master Maughin.”
