6.31
Page 28
He shifted his grip, and then the block rotated. The roar from the crowd was awed as the block swung overhead in a motion like a weightlifter doing a clean and press. The boulder rose into the air as Grimalkin roared. Erin watched as he lifted up over his head. The Drake roared, and his arms and voice shook.
“With muscle alone! And now, with magic!”
His arms shook. He closed his eyes and Erin feared that any moment the block would drop on him. Then Grimalkin’s eyes opened and he bellowed.
“[Lion’s Strength—]”
The shaking arms stopped. Grimalkin stood straight, holding the block of stone over his head with both arms. Then he tossed it up. Planted one claw under the center of the block. And the block landed. Erin heard, felt a thump of impact. And Grimalkin stood holding it with one arm over his head. The audience gasped. Grimalkin grinned around them. Then casually, he lowered his arm. And he hurled the boulder straight up.
“Oh my—”
Erin’s shout was one of a thousand voices crying out in panic. The boulder flew up, ten, twenty feet. And it started coming down, gently at first, but then with all the weight of a meteor falling to earth. Grimalkin stood where he was as the crowd, suddenly aware of the falling stone, ran for it, screaming. He pointed up as the boulder hurled down towards the ground in front of him.
“[Water Colossus’s Grasp]!”
A roaring tide of water rushed around Erin’s legs, drenching them in a second. She yelped, as the water swirled up into a gigantic hand, impossibly fast. It caught the stone cube as it fell, and the heavy weight sank into the watery arm. Grimalkin pointed, and the stone crunched down on the ground where he’d pulled it out of the earth. Liscor’s citizens turned to stare. Grimalkin leapt up nimbly and spread his arms. Then he flexed.
Every muscle on Grimalkin’s body stood out as the Drake struck a pose like one of the Grecian statues from Erin’s world. He held the pose as, with lungs of steel, he bellowed at the crowd.
“Strength! Adaptability! A [Mage] with a body like a [Soldier] has no weaknesses! Behold! I practice a magic like no other! Spellcraft and stamina! Muscle and magic! Fight on the front and cast spells with the authority of a true mage!”
He raised his arms and struck a herculean pose.
“Hm! And what do you say? Any takers?”
Grimalkin gazed around at his audience expectantly. The Drakes and Gnolls stared up at him. And then they burst into wild applause. Grimalkin sighed, then turned and waved at the crowd. He dismounted from the boulder, shaking hands and asking questions. Erin, dumbstruck, had to wait for nearly five minutes until Grimalkin won clear. To her surprise, the [Mage] was shaking his head when he approached them.
“No takers. Lots of applause, but there always is when I do this for the first time. A shame, really. But maybe I’ve set the seeds. It is an uphill battle. There’s your demonstration, Miss Erin. Shall we go?”
“Wh—but I—what was amazing!”
Erin burst out, waving her arms over her head. She pointed at the boulder and the rooftop Grimalkin had jumped too, almost too excited for words.
“How? That’s incredible! Pisces can [Flash Step], but that was like Superman! Over a building in a single bound!”
“Well, it’s only two-stories high. And [Flash Step] is a poor spell compared to physical enhancement spells. One is a set spell. The other one scales off of the body’s own prowess. I dare say only I could jump that far with a basic spell, but the principle applies to all [Mages] if they’d just get out there and do some pushups.”
