6.31
Page 21
Debate. Arguments. But it was hard, harder now to argue for Krshia. Because the Antinium Wars were on the mind. And, fair play, Lism had his objectionable qualities. But then again, Krshia was fielding only Gnoll candidates and Lism had now pushed forwards three Gnolls for his Council seats, all in Gnoll-heavy districts. How about that?
Market Street was abuzz with crowds listening to the debates. Selys was wincing as Lism hammered Krshia. He was pointing at the Gnoll, and waving an arm to the crowd.
“It’s a simple question! Let’s have the Free Queen or Klbkch answer it, why don’t we? Have the Antinium ever plotted to harm Liscor or its citizens in the last year? Does the Grand Queen intend to pursue war with Liscor? How many Soldiers does the Hive have? Any of these questions—any of them answered under truth spell! How about it, Silverfang? Can’t we at least ask our ‘allies’ if they’ve ever plotted to stab us in the back?”
“You and I know that the Free Antinium are not the same as the other Hives. And has Liscor not plotted to attack the Free Antinium if it comes to battle? Tell me we do not have spells and measures in place for that very day?”
Krshia’s voice was weary and furious. Lism made a scoffing sound, amplified by his voice charm.
“Safeguards, not plans of attack, Silverfang. And, might I add, who needs to prepare for an attack amongst allies? Hm? How much are the Antinium offering now?”
“Thirty percent of the construction. Better than the Walled Cities would do. And they’ll pay six thousand gold pieces per year—”
“All of which is useless when we’re lying with our throats slit in the streets. Or maybe it’s just those of us who don’t fall into line and wag our tails, is that it, Krshia? Tell me, did the Antinium buy your loyalty? And how much was it?”
The crowd howled with glee and outrage. Krshia snarled. Lism raised his claws, smiling unctuously at the crowd.
“It’s just a question, people! But for our peace of mind, will you swear it on a truth spell? Oh wait—I forgot. That’s not something we should be doing.”
“Tell me, do you really believe in your plan for the city? Or did you steal it from me and let your nephew, Olesm, take charge because you just couldn’t stand the idea of a Gnoll on the Council that badly, Lism?”
Krshia’s retort and Lism’s reply were lost by another set of jeering from the crowd. This time against Krshia. Selys, standing behind Krshia’s platform, winced. She looked around and met Elirr’s eyes.
“She’s getting slaughtered up there!”
The Gnoll [Beast Trainer] growled, visibly upset.
“She is. Where is Klbkch? Can he not answer any of these questions?”
“Do we want him to?”
Selys grabbed at her neck spines in frustration. She hated to admit it, but Lism had a point. A really good one that he was using to hammer Krshia with. They had to change the topic somehow! Lism, or rather, Olesm daring Klbkch to swear on truth spell that he didn’t have plans to attack Liscor was inspired. It was really bothering people, Selys included.
Of course the Antinium probably had plans to attack Liscor. But they were allies. Right? Everyone had a backup plan. But…why had Klbkch refused to take Olesm’s bait, then? Couldn’t he say something? Selys shook her head. Her claws trembled on her notes.
“I can’t do this. I’m no [Strategist]—I can’t figure out anything good to say back! That stupid, eel-faced Lism is going to win! And all because—where’s Erin?”
“We haven’t seen her.”
“She promised she’d do something.”
Elirr nodded gently.
“But what? She cannot perform miracles, no?”
