6.31
Page 35
“You look really sweaty. All of you. Want a towel? Some water? How about some ice cream?”
Relc could have teleported to the door he was that fast. The smiths looked blank. Maughin walked over, mopping sweat from his brow.
“Refreshment would be welcome. But what is that? Ice? Cream?”
“Ice cream. It’s a delicacy up north, I guess. I dunno. I just make it. Hey Lyonette! Can we get eleven—no, thirty two bowls? And more vanilla ice cream! Vanilla’s special the first time you have it. Nevermore after that.”
She lifted up the bowl and took the first bowl she was handed. Relc reached for it through the door—Erin slapped his claw down.
“Here, Maughin. Try it!”
The Dullahan reached through the door. Erin wasn’t sure if that was taxing the door, but he took the bowl without it fizzling out and dipped his spoon into the cold bowl. His eyes widened as he lifted it up and sniffed it.
“I do know this. The pudding-gelatin that comes from Terandria. Lasica was attempting to obtain some for the bar, but she couldn’t. And you have it. Here?”
He looked at Erin. She smiled innocently.
“I happen to know how to make it. And if Tails and Scales wants some, I’m happy to give them the recipe.”
At the name of Pallass’ famous bar, more smiths abandoned the weight bar and came over. As did some other Drakes and Gnolls in the crowd who’d been watching. Erin passed bowls of ice cream through the door and watched them disappear in moments. Bealt, his fur matted with sweat, took one bite of ice cream and his eyes went round.
“Sweet! Oh, this is delicious! What is it?”
“Milk. Cream. And sugar. And stuff! It’s frozen, so watch out you don’t get brain freeze if you eat it fast. Grimalkin, a bowl?”
The [Mage] took one and eyed the ice cream dubiously. He bit into it and his expression changed to one of disgust.
“Is this pure sugar?”
“…Maybe?”
“I can’t. It’s not for me. I had enough sugar trying nali-sticks from Baleros, thanks.”
The Muscle [Mage] shuddered and shook his head. Relc licked his lips; his bowl of ice cream was already licked clean.
“Grimalkin, pal, if you don’t want it, I’ll take it off your claws.”
“I miss nali-sticks.”
Maughin quietly ate from his bowl. He closed his eyes, savoring the taste. Behind him, the [Smiths] were exclaiming over the ice cream and their apprentices, lured by the free food, started forming a line. Erin poked her head through the door and saw a crowd standing to the left. Someone called out.
“What’re you eating, Bealt?”
“Something delicious! Iced cream!”
The Gnoll shouted back, waving his empty bowl. He handed it back to Erin, his tail wagging hopefully.
“Are there seconds by any chance? I’ll pay for more.”
Erin looked back through the door. Lyonette was being mobbed as she tried to get more ice cream to Erin. Liscor’s residents knew ice cream as well.
“I’ll try and get you some. But I think it’s too hot here; we’re melting my stock! Hey Relc, Grimalkin! Can you drag the door back to the eighth floor?”
“You’re leaving?”
Maughin looked disappointed. So did the rests of the [Smiths]. They crowded around the door, waving diagrams and asking questions. Erin laughed and raised her hands.
“I don’t want to disrupt the smiths, so why don’t we drag it back to its spot? And anyone who wants to follow us…hey Maughin, have you ever tried cake?”
“Cake?”
