6.32
Page 47
“It’s a complicated business. Liscor has no dedicated [Executioner]. I have to negotiate for one to arrive. Set a date. Choose the…method of your execution. That’s not simple, but I can do it. The real problem is the matter of your people. They’ve expressed an…interest in your fate.”
“Ah.”
One word. But it spoke volumes. Zevara turned her head.
“Ah?”
Calruz’ shoulders rose and fell.
“I can guess what they’ve said. They would prefer to try and execute me on Minos. It would be less dishonorable to my kin and people to make it a public display. However, somehow, I doubt I will reach my home.”
Was he smiling. What did it look like? Zevara craned her head, but she couldn’t see. She sat cross-legged. Bowed her head over her knees.
“It’s my choice when you’re executed. This current Council seems to have forgotten about you too.”
“Everyone has. It makes sense; these politics, the affairs above, they matter. My fate is sealed. But your duty is to carry out my sentence. So. Again. When?”
The Watch Captain closed her eyes. She did not want this. This, of all her duties, she did not want. Exile was usually how it went—criminals seldom returned to Liscor, knowing that if they were caught, they would die. And perhaps if it had been a common murderer, a [Thug], this would be easy. But this?
“My job is to protect Liscor. Part of that is understanding whether you were affected by some component of the dungeon. The water that makes people blind to parts of the dungeon—the way the monsters don’t attack each other. It could be linked to your madness. That’s why…”
“Why you’ve been speaking to me?”
“Yes. I’m trying to ascertain whether what Ceria claims is true. Whether this is an enchantment, a hex of some kind that damaged you, even a Skill someone used, or—”
“Me.”
“Yes.”
Silence. Calruz shifted. Zevara watched his one arm go up, disappear in the shadow on the floor.
“If it is an enchantment, I would be glad to know. But your [Mages] detected no magic on me or my possessions.”
“No. They did not. But Ceria claims to have seen you switch personalities. She believes something affected you in the dungeon. And you are…saner whenever I’ve talked to you.”
“I have had moments where I am not.”
“True. And you only vaguely remember them. And to me—you seem different.”
“Such is the nature of madness.”
“Or a spell. We haven’t detected it, but Springwalker claims that it could have been an artifact the Raskghar gave you. Or some function of the dungeon itself.”
“She has no proof. Without evidence, the logical conclusion points one way.”
“Well, say it was her emotional, continued pleas that swayed me. And I’m trusting the judgment of my own eyes. Calruz. Tell me again.”
There was a long pause. The Minotaur turned his head at last. Zevara searched his gaze for deceit. She clutched something in one claw. But all she saw was uncertainty, all she heard was his low voice.
“I…believe the me that was below is not who I am now. But I feel it, Watch Captain. Gnawing away inside of me. Calling me. Telling me to—to throw away pride and honor for glory. To seek the treasure at the heart of the dungeon.”
“Do you think this is all your madness? Do you think you yourself did all this? Abandoned your team? Hunted the Gnolls? Sacrificed them? Became the Raskghar Chieftain?”
Zevara waited. And Calruz rolled his eyes upwards. He closed them, clenched his one fist and seemed to struggle. But at last, the same answer came out again.
“No. But am I lying to myself?”
Zevara didn’t reply. She glanced down at her claw. Calruz stared past her.
