6.32
Page 0

The Walled City of Salazsar was silent at dawn. Silent, and cold. Frost touched the roofs and stone walkways near the top of the city. Even in the spring, it was so; the braziers that were always tended to with great attention were mundane, not magic for that very reason. They kept the frost from becoming treacherous sheets of black ice that might cause a fatal fall.
Perhaps it was a luxury. And indeed, the ever-burning flames that warmed Salazsar only provided their warmth to the highest floors of the city. The peaks, where, appropriately, only the richest denizens of Salazsar could afford to live. But it was hardly a small place. For Salazsar was the second-largest of the Walled Cities. Where Pallass was a fortress, and had been constructed to fend off attackers from any conceivable direction or even altitude, Salazsar was different.
The canny [Architects] who had laid plans and designs in countless years past had not trusted to the mere might of walls to protect the city. So they had trusted to something far older, stronger.
They had built Salazsar into the side of a mountain. There it sat, a mountain-fortress, like the capital of Hellios, or the few other famous cities which had chosen to use geography to their advantage. The home of the Dwarves in Terandria was one such location. But, tellingly, the Drakes of Izril were not content to make their homes subterranean. Salazsar was part of the mountain, yes, but it was built of it. As the mountain had vanished, stone by stone, Salazsar had emerged. The city was the mountain and when the mountain died, Salazsar would finally be complete.
That was the conceit of the city. And it was all conceit. As a lonely Drake made his way from the highest towers and down across crisscrossing bridges in the sky, he reflected that each Walled City was defined by more than just its economic strength. Each city had personality. If Pallass was the City of Innovation, with its limitless capacity for change and burning desire to improve—in politics, in industry, to change and adapt—then its counterpart might well be said to be Salazsar.
For tradition held the city. Tradition—the lineage of Wall Lords and Wall Ladies that had not been rendered obsolete by democracy as in Pallass. A profession—mining, gem cutting, and the wealth and contempt, the arrogance such that even other Drakes pointed to Salazsar as a hallmark of pride. And was that truly a fault? Or had the Walled City transformed a defect into a glowing gem, a city beyond all other Drake cities to aspire to? He knew what he believed. But then, he was a son of Salazsar. The City of Gems.
And it glowed in the light. The towers shone, their stained glass and gemstone windows illuminating the city below with wondrous light from above. The city was a marvel of stonework, of craft, if not engineering like Pallass. No ugly elevators marred its walkways, and indeed, the ramps and stairwells down were sometimes inconvenient to climb. Simply travelling from the top of Salazsar to the bottom would exhaust the lesser-abled. Let alone the reverse. But each section of the city could sustain you; you hardly had to walk far to find amenities at hand or claw or paw. Assuming you were in the correct section. Because of course, the higher you went, the richer everything was.
