6.32
Page 19
The two Drakes looked up. Grimalkin shrugged and Relc grinned. The [Guardsmen] hesitated as the two burly Drakes walked at them. They looked at their Watch Captain, but Grimalkin just pushed aside a Dullahan in Pallass’ uniform and casually lifted a corner of the door. Venim bit his tongue as Relc cheerfully scooted past two Gnolls who didn’t quite want to bar his way.
“City Watch, we’ll give the door an escort. And—and maintain a presence to enforce the peace. Miss Solstice?”
Erin cheerfully nodded. She pointed and the two Drakes lifted the door with a grunt. Inside the inn, Selys experienced vertigo and a sense of movement as she watched the door proceed down the street—despite her not moving her feet. Elirr, standing next to Krshia, murmured.
“How odd. But fascinating! I would pay money to have someone walk this door around the city, yes?”
Someone else nodded.
“Me too.”
On the other side of the door, Erin walked with Venim. And the crowd walked with the door. They were certainly not about to disperse when the fascinating doorway was leaving. Even Maughin was tromping after the door, holding the weights bar. Perhaps he smelled more opportunity for business in the air. Or perhaps, like Bealt and the other [Smiths], who’d doubled in number since Erin had last looked, they’d been caught.
All according to plan. Although—Erin looked around swiftly. She didn’t recognize the two faces she was really waiting for. Still, her plan was mostly going in the general direction she’d hoped for. And Venim was just a happy accident. She smiled at him and the Drake gave her a long-suffering look.
“What is this about, Miss Solstice?”
“I dunno. Just a bit of city-to-city sharing, Watch Captain. Say, can I offer you a bowl of ice cream? On the house? It’s that super-expensive stuff from Terandria, apparently.”
She proffered a melty bowl of ice cream. Venim opened his mouth and hesitated.
“Wh—ice—you know that bribing an officer is a cause for offense, Miss Solstice?”
“Who said anything about bribing? I just asked if you wanted ice cream. I’ll make you pay if you want. Four silver! No, wait, two silvers? Half-off for our boys in…yellow!”
Venim tried to object, but Erin thrust the bowl into his hands. He reluctantly took the wooden spoon, ate a bit of ice cream, and the rest was history. Erin watched the bowl disappear in moments—after an obligatory pause for brain freeze—and called into the inn.
“Lyonette! Ice cream or pizza for the [Guardsmen]! And two [Guardswomen]. Priority! And get me some hamburgers!”
She hadn’t missed the looks on the City Watch’s faces, especially the Gnolls. And as the [Princess] hurried back and the [Guards] dug at their pouches, Erin turned her head. She just had one more thing to do before Rufelt and Lasica arrived. She was interrupted from asking Venim if he liked the ice cream by the panting Gnoll [Chef]. He practically shoved Venim out of the way.
“Wait, what’s a hamburger?”
 
—-
 
Lorent the [Sharpener] was honing the edge of a nearly-pristine knife with a whetting stone and eying his next potential customer on the somewhat empty street. He was trying to find someone whom he’d never seen before, and who looked like they needed a good knife.
Of course, everyone needed knives, but Lorent had to admit that his business had been slow today. Not that it was ever necessarily brisk; he was resigned to that. He got a lot of his money in repeat customers, really. Still, more business would be nice. With a sigh, the Dullahan put down his blade and adjusted his head in the comfy basket he’d set up.
