6.32
Page 46
“Right. Well, it’s a great stunt. And she did make the Antinium look good, or so it seems. And it puts a dent in Lism’s arguments against Humans. Because she’s our best Human. And worst. It’s a fair point she made. It’s just that it doesn’t fit in the actual debate. This is about Antinium versus non-Antinium aid for the city.”
“And the popularity of said Antinium is meaningless compared to the very real dangers they present.”
“Exactly. So what does this mean? Nothing.”
“Hmf. Or perhaps everything. This is a democracy. The hearts and minds of people are won by deeds as much as rational debate.”
“But it doesn’t matter. If the Grand Queen orders an attack on Liscor, how much we like the Antinium or they like is—it’s meaningless. We all die, or we fight them off. That’s the only thing that matters.”
“Wrong. It matters. Because she, Erin Solstice, is a friend to the Antinium. They laid down their lives for her. Would you discredit her faith in them? Their sacrifice? If you believe they would not kill her even if the Grand Queen willed it, you must consider that they may hold Liscor by the same values. It is an argument by example.”
“One example isn’t much to stake a city’s survival on.”
“Of course not. But again, this is about Erin Solstice. And she moves hearts as well as minds. In an election, that may be enough to win Krshia Silverfang her votes, even if this Lism has more logical an argument.”
“Really? You think that will win a crowd more than the facts? Well, I was never a debater.”
“I was. It is a custom among my people. We appreciate both the spirit of one’s argument, the emotion and delivery of words, as well as the logical reasoning and impeccable structure of rhetoric. Both have merit. And if Erin Solstice cannot argue to the surety of logic, she can speak to the hearts and minds of those she meets. That is what I see in her.”
“…I see. So Krshia’s got a chance, is that what you’re saying?”
“As long as she has Erin Solstice? Yes. I have been thinking. And she is the leader I should have aspired to be. Rather than the one I was. She does not force or control in the way you or I do, Watch Captain. She brings out the best in us. I knew her so briefly. But when I listen to Ceria or you, I wish that I had spoken to her longer.”
Zevara looked up at the ceiling. She stared at the silent, hunched silhouetted illuminated by the cage door’s field stretching across the floor in front of her.
“She doesn’t visit you, then?”
Calruz shook his head once.
“Never. She has not forgotten what I have done. The lives I took. Or perhaps she has simply forgotten me.”
“Maybe.”
Zevara saw him sitting there, out of the corner of one eye. Huge, somber, his one arm resting on his knees. He sat there, his back to her, and each sentence came slowly, deliberately.
“You’re not forgotten by your team, you know. At least not by Ceria Springwalker. She has come to my office at least twice a week since you’ve been imprisoned here. She visits you at least four times each week. It’s an annoyance.”
There was a smile in Calruz’s voice.
“Ceria was always good at that. And we do…talk.”
“About what?”
“Her team’s latest missions. Current events. What Erin Solstice has done. Little else.”
“Not about your execution?”
Calruz paused.
“I have you for that. But you do not speak of it either. Don’t spare my feelings. When?”
Zevara sat up. Her back pressed against the cold wall and her tail coiled in on itself. She ignored the pit in her stomach.
