6.32
Page 45
“I have an acquaintance with a scrying orb. I was able to view all of it. Are you aware of how the game ended?”
“I heard it was a trick! And there were two winners!”
“Close. You see—actually, I think I could persuade my friend to lend you the scrying orb if you are in the area in the next few days. He bought a—a recording of the entire game. From Wistram. It was exceptionally expensive, but—”
“I could watch it? Really? I’ll pay you for that honor, Mister Maughin.”
“Maughin, please. But if you’re willing—”
“No, tell me more! I have to know. I’ll watch it again, hells, three times! Who won? And how? Hey—is that blue juice with rum? Two drinks for us! Don’t bother with shots. Just fill up that mug!”
Jelaqua turned and caught Ishkr as he hurried by. The Gnoll sighed and supplied both Selphid and Maughin with drinks. The Dullahan smiled and raised a mug. Then he leaned forwards to talk about the games at Daquin, which he’d been dying to talk to someone who really knew what it all meant in the context of home. Jelaqua grinned and they both felt a moment of elation. Pallass and Liscor weren’t the only places that had children who were proud of their homes.
 
—-
 
And the night wore on. In The Wandering Inn, it passed slowly, and in sudden jumps, leaping from moment to moment. But in Liscor, it passed at a more even pace, if uncomfortably for many. Those who wanted to know what had happened but refused to go to the inn out of principle or commitment.
A furious Lism and a sleepless Olesm, whose worst fears couldn’t quite keep up with Erin herself. And those who didn’t know quite what they were doing. Not anymore.
“It’s her. I heard what she did at the inn. She opened the door to Pallass and started getting people interested in visiting the Walled City.”
“Mm. One would assume that isn’t very hard.”
“Hah. No. But you’d be surprised—no one wanted to go. I think they were all waiting for someone to be the first. And then it slipped out of memory and…well, she did it. She was the first. But she didn’t just open Pallass to Liscor. She opened Liscor to Pallass.”
“I don’t follow.”
“…I mean, she made us look good to them. To a Walled City. We’re a small, border city. I get that. But she impressed the Pallassians. She showed them what Liscor has to offer. And that’s the catch.”
“I still fail to follow.”
“What Liscor has to be proud of is—her, I suppose. That’s what’s so funny. Pallass may have its marvels, but it does not have Erin Solstice. Her pizza, her crazy ideas, her magic door and plays…and she showed them that today. Ancestors, I saw two of Pallass’ legends walking my streets today. Grimalkin and Maughin. Know them? Well, they’re important personages. The kind any Watch Captain remembers.”
“In case of siege? As valuable assets?”
“Or potential traitors. People who could be enticed away by another city. People who can’t be allowed to die. Important people. Over Level 30. But—at least Grimalkin, I know he’s over Level 40. I’m almost positive. Not sure about Maughin, but he’s probably Level 35? At least. The top [Armorer] in all of Pallass.”
“Ah. And Erin brought them here? She knows them? How?”
“…Because she’s her. And she walked around with them. As equals. And she treated with Pallass as equals. Do you know how that feels?”
“Yes. It’s something my…people have wanted ourselves.”
