6.32
Page 18
Selys and the crowd on Liscor’s side looked aghast. Pallass’ citizens stared at each other. Then they tried to rush the doorway. Erin had to hold them back, blocking the entrance and shouting as Lyonette exchanged money and bowls at the door. Ishkr, a long-suffering look on his face, held a bowl steady as Drassi scooped out the ice cream into bowls that Mrsha was holding up. And Selys felt that knot in her chest easing almost without her noticing it.
Then she saw Erin turn. Someone shouted, and the crowd’s press around the door broke up. A group of yellow-armored [Guards] fought through and formed a curtain around the door. Pallass’ City Watch. Selys stared as an angry Drake strode forwards, shouting the crowd back. He whirled, and Erin smiled.
“Hi Watch Captain Venim! How’s it going?”
The Drake took one look at Erin, the door, the crowd beyond, and closed his eyes. When he opened them, Erin was still there. He looked at her, half-furious, half with the resigned look that Zevara wore whenever she saw Erin. Still, it was only his fourth or fifth time, so he mustered some genuine outrage.
“Miss Solstice. What is the meaning of this? You’ve caused a blockage on the southern stairwell and my Watchman on duty claims you strong-armed him, absconded with two of our most prominent citizens—”
He broke off, eying Grimalkin and Maughin. The Dullahan winced, but Grimalkin just folded his arms.
“Absconded, Watch Captain Venim? What am I, a kidnapping victim? Master Maughin and I went through that door of our own free will. As we are allowed to do? And the last I checked, public gatherings aren’t considered a crime.”
Venim backed up a step. He worked his jaw, and then spoke civilly to Grimalkin.
“My apologies, Magus Grimalkin. However, this is a disturbance. What is—what’s going on?”
He only now seemed to realize exactly how many people were standing in Erin’s inn. Watching him. It was a mark of his experience that Venim only paused for a second before smoothly turning to Erin and pretending the crowd didn’t exist. Erin smiled a bit guiltily. She looked over Venim’s shoulder at the [Guardsmen], the fuming Kel, and shrugged.
“I’m sorry. I know I’m causing a fuss. But—I’m just having a fun conversation! Selling some food out of my inn.”
Venim passed a claw over his face.
“Selling food. You mean, like a street vendor? Miss Solstice, you need a permit, and you’re not allowed to sell outside of designated areas—”
“Nope! Out of my inn. Which is right there.”
For proof, Erin pointed. Venim turned and caught a few hundred pairs of eyes again. He wavered.
“Even so, it looks like—”
“I can move! If it’s illegal. Or is it just inconvenient?”
The young woman gave Watch Captain Venim another innocent stare. He wavered.
“And the crowd?”
He looked at Liscor’s citizens. Lyonette silently circulated their ranks, passing out bowls of popcorn and receiving copper coins in return. Erin beamed.
“They want to see what your awesome city looks like! Is that illegal?”
“No. Of course. I mean—it is a crowd. In Liscor. We have loitering laws, you know. But if it’s Liscor—”
The Drake Watch Captain was clearly struggling to keep up. He glanced over his shoulder and decided there was no help for it. He saluted smartly.
“Citizens of Liscor, a…pleasure. But Miss Solstice, this is blocking a major stairwell.”
He looked at Erin as a pleading note entered his voice. Erin was at once instantly reasonable.
“Is it? You’re right! I’m so sorry. We can move back to the old spot! Hey Grimalkin, Relc! Mind shifting the door a bit?”
