6.32
Page 35
“Something tells me that you know her. Mind telling a [Bartender] a story?”
Elirr looked at the white Gnoll. She looked at him, and then Rufelt. And the [Barkeep] thought of all the old sayings. But he was a City Gnoll. And he’d always wanted a child. He and Lasica were thinking of one. So Elirr nodded and leaned forwards. And Rufelt found out the Gnoll’s name was Mrsha. Of course, Erin had told him that already. But suddenly he wanted to know more. All he could about this strange inn. When he got a chance to talk with his dear wife, he was sure Lasica would agree:
They’d underestimated this place.
 
—-
 
Circumstance. Coincidence. And careful planning. These were the elements of Erin’s grand plan. Her improvised mess. But it had worked. She knew she could do it and she could.
Rufelt hadn’t called it a lucky event. He’d said it was because she had manipulated everything exactly as an [Innkeeper] did. As he could. Erin wasn’t sure if she believed that. Then again—she could sort of tell what he was talking about.
It wasn’t all intentional. It was just what she’d told him. People meeting people. That was all there was to it. When Erin had been mad at Olesm and searching for a way to kick his tailed behind and Lism’s, she hadn’t come up with one. But she’d had an inkling.
Maybe if Maughin were here, people might see that non-Drakes and non-Gnolls were cool. Grimalkin hadn’t been part of it, but Erin had wanted to meet him. And the weight-lifting? That was just being cool to a new friend. It tied in with Maughin too.
As for attracting attention in Pallass? Well, Erin had known they were snooty to Liscor for a while. So why not make Liscor look good? The real stroke had been getting Lasica and Rufelt here. And honestly, it was the least-involved bit of Erin’s plan.
She looked over and saw Krshia and Lasica still in conversation. Erin hadn’t had to do more than introduce them, make a few suggestions—it wasn’t nearly as hard as getting the people in Pallass to watch a play while Antinium worked in the background. But that was what would matter.
If Erin was only concerned with the election. But she wasn’t. If she could play two games of chess at once, well, she could also play three. The young woman smiled as she saw a green figure peering down the stairs. She beckoned, and Numbtongue hesitantly walked down into the crowded inn.
“Numbtongue! Great to see you. Don’t run off, please? I want you to meet Rufelt and Lasica at least.”
The Hobgoblin hesitated. But Erin grabbed his hand and towed him across the inn. Past Liscor’s citizens, who looked up at a Hobgoblin. Some recoiled, some didn’t. And Erin coincidentally passed by an open magical door and a huge crowd of people who broke out into a furor.
“Is that a Hobgoblin?”
“Dead gods, it’s—why is she holding its hand?”
“Hobgoblins in an inn? Bad as Antinium if you ask me.”
“What? Where? Move out of the way, I can’t see the play!”
“And do you have anything else to eat?”
Erin ignored the voices. She looked back at Numbtongue. He was peering at the door.
“Sorry. Just showing people my totally awesome Hobgoblin friend.”
She shouted back at the door. Numbtongue smiled. And that was all Erin wanted. She heard a clamoring from the door and pointed at a Gnoll rushing by.
“Popcorn! Ishkr, pass a bucket through. Anyone who wants it has to be okay with Hobgoblins.”
Lyonette grabbed a fresh bucket of buttery popcorn and shoved it through the door. The [Princess] shouted, practically beaming with how much gold she was making tonight.
“Two silver! Someone pay up!”
