6.32
Page 33
“Probably because news is just spreading today. You’d hear of it later. But Krshia’s been having a hard time because the Antinium are backing her and there’s this jerk who’s running against her. He’s a Drake.”
“Lism. If it weren’t for Olesm joining him, he would have no platform. And his arguments make sense, yet they play on fear! And we’re tied to the Antinium now. He stole my platform, my ideas—I have a plan to make the city expand! And that tailless—”
Krshia uttered the word like a curse. Erin hurried to speak over her before the Gnoll could begin a rant.
“Sure, sure. And Lism totally loves Humans, Dullahans, and Garuda. And Pallass. Liscor should build itself and all that! You know what? He’s probably like the Protectorate, isn’t he? He went to Pallass to ask for funds to build Liscor. So you’re paying for it.”
She eyed the owners of Tails and Scales meaningfully. Lasica folded her arms.
“I didn’t hear about that. Liscor’s getting our tax money? When the Antinium would give the money instead? That’s not going to be popular when word gets out. And oh, it will get out. Believe me. Tonight it’ll be shouted from the rooftops.”
She gave Rufelt a significant glance. He felt a huge smile spreading from ear to ear. Erin was nodding.
“But that’s not all. Since Pallass is having an election, and Liscor is too—I was thinking, why not bring up that Pallass is backing the non-Gnoll candidate? I’m sure that’ll go over really well. Especially with that jerk [Senator].”
“Errif Jealwind? That would bother his voters.”
Lasica drummed her claws on the table, thinking fast. Rufelt meanwhile was catching onto more of what Erin wanted. He eyed Krshia.
“And what if the Unitail faction were to propose a trade deal with Liscor? Closer ties? With, say, the provision that Krshia Silverfang were on Liscor’s Council? Is that what you want, Erin?”
“Maybe…look, I’m just an innocent [Innkeeper]. I don’t know about politics. But it just occurs to me that Krshia might get a lot of support from Gnolls in Pallass. And Pallass might benefit from allies in Liscor.”
“From liking Liscor, you mean. And Liscor would certainly value its Humans and Antinium if they see how valuable our one Human is, yes? With pizza, ice cream, plays, and so forth.”
Krshia folded her arms. She looked at Erin and shook her head.
“This was your plan? It is cunning beyond belief.”
“Hey! I just thought it’d be nice to open up Pallass. Impress them with Liscor. And I knew Maughin was cool. I met Grimalkin…I forgot Belgrade was going to upgrade the inn, and I knew Lorent…our cities should like each other, right?”
Erin spread her hands. Then she looked around.
“It’s like playing two chess boards at once. Except I’m taking pieces off one side to use on the other. Simple, right?”
She waggled her eyebrows. Rufelt looked at Krshia. The Gnoll gave him a slight shake of the head. Lasica just laughed. She glanced at her husband and they shared an unspoken question. Rufelt broke the gaze by nodding slightly. Lasica stood up.
“I’m for it. Krshia, let’s have a talk. Tell me exactly about this plan and I’ll tell you about the Unitail [Senators] we know. Maybe we can have you visit Pallass tonight? Or send a few [Messages] at least. I need to know about your campaign—ah, Ancestors—how are you managing this election? I’m no expert, but I know experts. We’ve been doing this in Pallass forever.”
“I’ll help over here. Listen—sway a few minds.”
