6.32
Page 49
She didn’t know. And how Zevara wished she could, one way or the other. Slowly, she looked around for the bottle of stout spirits she’d been given by Lism for ‘considering his platform’ just the other day. She’d been about to throw it away, but now she wanted it.
Zevara found the bottle. She eyed it, then cursed. She grabbed the bottle, stood up, and stormed back to the prison. There she uncorked it, took a drink, then checked the field of the cell. It was attuned to her. So she looked at the Minotaur sitting there, lifted the bottle, and rolled it into the cell. He stared at her. Zevara glared as she made herself comfortable on her seat.
“Well? What are you waiting for? Say Krshia does win. Am I throwing Liscor away? Tell me I’m not wrong to trust Klbkch. Or tell me I am. But if you don’t pass that bottle back in the next minute, I’ll call for a [Headsman] tomorrow. And I’ll make sure he has a rusty axe.”
She waited, impatient, uncertain. Terribly lonely. And the Minotaur smiled.
 
—-
 
Coincidence was a funny thing. Anything could happen if you put two people who might never meet in the same room. And to the weary [Innkeeper] who went to bed well into next morning, she considered it a job well done. But even she didn’t know everything of what she’d done.
Even so, it was about connections. Rufelt and Lasica, who both went to their beds, smiling, delighted, and remembering the name of a Gnoll in Liscor. Krshia Silverfang, who slept reassured that victory wasn’t a pipe dream. The hundreds and thousands of citizens in Pallass and Liscor who thought of Goblins and Antinium in perhaps, perhaps a different light. And thought of another city as close by rather than far away.
But the effects ran deeper still. To Relc, and Grimalkin, who had struck up a friendship, if only beginning. To Temile of the Players of Celum, whose performance had attracted a Walled City’s attention. To the [Smiths] of Pallass, who lifted weights in their dreams. And to Watch Captain Zevara, who woke up with a hangover sitting next to the furthest cell in her dungeon and found there were worse places to be.
And lastly, to a Selphid. Jelaqua woke up with a hangover the next day, when the sunlight blasted her true body through the nerves of her eyes. They were fresh and she was connected, so she groaned in agony. The one good thing about rotten bodies was not feeling a hangover. But the pleasures of a new body were the ability to get drunk, feel—and of course, feel awful.
Right until she disconnected the hangover sensations to the rest of her body. Jelaqua sighed and rotated her neck. Strange. She felt larger. And furrier. What body was she wearing? That had been some drinking—
And then the Selphid remembered last night. She looked down at the large, beyond [King]-sized bed she was lying in. She whistled softly and half-grinned.
“Wow. I felt that.”
Then she rolled over and saw a head looking at her. Maughin’s face stared at Jelaqua from the bedside table. The Dullahan’s body was lying on his back in his bed. Next to her. Jelaqua’s stifled oath made the Dullahan blink. Once.
“Grandmother’s tits, I—sorry, I forgot that I—”
Jelaqua tried to move her legs, but she, the inner she, was still drunk. And she belatedly realized she was wearing a Raskghar body. Female. Which, given what had gone on last night…
“I’m sorry. I mean, uh—last night—”
She stared at Maughin. He was clearly awake. His head stared back. His body seemed content to lie on its back.
“I enjoyed last night.”
“Oh? M-me too.”
