6.32
Page 13
“It’s a work in progress. We’re still waiting on two more parts, but it’ll do.”
“How? This isn’t helping us. I mean, it’s a distraction from Lism which is what we need, but what can Pallass offer us? That’s more of Lism’s campaign—they’re promising to help pay for the expansion instead of the Antinium.”
“I know, I know. But—trust me, I think it’ll work out. I just need to get some stuff from the kitchen.”
Erin grabbed Selys’ claws, smiling reassuringly. She turned as a harried young woman appeared.
“Lyonette! What’s the word?”
“Erin! How did you attract half of Liscor to the inn?”
The [Princess] looked delighted and close to baldness as she yanked at her hair. Behind her, Ishkr, Drassi, and a dozen of the inn’s staff were rushing in and out of the kitchen and behind the bar. Erin smiled.
“Don’t worry about it. No one’s hungry—yet. Just get that ice cream ready and have the ovens working, okay?”
“We need four more ovens and twenty more hands!”
Lyonette bit her lip. Erin just shrugged. Both Lyonette and Drassi eyed her and both had an incredible urge to poke the smiling [Innkeeper], if only to get rid of that relaxed grin.
“You have a plan.”
Selys folded her arms. Erin nodded seriously.
“I do. And—wait for it, Lyonette. You’ll get a chance to sell stuff. But wait. Are the Players of Celum here?”
She looked at the stage. Lyonette stood on her tiptoes, and then found a chair and stood on it to look over the crowd. Selys was the tallest of the three so she could see by craning her head that there was a bunch of very nervous [Actors] on the stage at the far end.
“They arrived this morning like you wanted, Erin. But I don’t think they’re ready to perform in front of a crowd like this.”
“They know Juliet and Romeo. If they can put on a play, it’s fine. I’ll talk to them. What I need from you, Lyonette, is one of our pizzas. Hot and fresh.”
“I have six in our two ovens baking—”
“The old ones are good. Can you warm one up? I’ll talk to Temile. That’s all I need. Selys, you just wait. I think I know what’s going down. Tell Krshia not to worry—I’ve got this on lock! I think.”
The Drake stared as Erin pushed through the crowd, who parted almost unconsciously for her. The [Receptionist] looked back at Lyonette. The [Princess] gave her a harried look.
“She says she knows what she’s doing.”
“Right.”
They stared at each other. Lyonette sighed.
“I’ve got healing potions and if we sold to just a tenth of the people here, we’d make a small fortune! Selys, if you see Mrsha, please make sure she stays back from the crowd. I don’t want her getting trampled. I warned her, but—”
Selys looked around and spotted a flash of white balancing on one table. Mrsha and Apista craned to see over the crowd. She pointed mutely and Lyonette frowned.
“I suppose that’s fine. Pallass, huh?”
She looked at Selys. The Drake nodded.
“It’s something. Compared to Liscor.”
The [Princess] gave her a look.
“Compared to anywhere. My home kin—my home isn’t as impressive in a lot of ways. A Walled City is impressive. I should visit. I took it for granted too, really.”
“Yeah.”
Selys looked back at the doorway. But not just the doorway. At the soaring Garuda, the Dullahans. Species she’d only heard of before, never seen in any numbers. And Grimalkin. Selys remembered his performance, and Maughin. Even Relc looked small beside Grimalkin as the [Mage] reclaimed the weight bar. And that bothered Selys more than she could say.
“I’ll get that pizza.”
