6.32
Page 1
Statues passed the Drake by as he walked. Wall Lords captured in exquisite detail, stone busts gravely looking towards oblivion, even entire scenes carved out of stone and given color by gem or paint—or sometimes left bare, starkly reminding the viewer that the past could only be caught in mere stone for moments. And the windows danced their colors upon these pieces of art as well.
It was indeed art that shaped the highest levels of Salazsar, from tower to tower. And why not? The bottom of the city, the width of the city set against the base of the mountain was made of ancient walls. Already they were three hundred feet high; anything above that was impossible to strike at. Even a trebuchet would struggle to even graze the tallest of the towers. And Salazsar’s protections were such that no army had even taken the battle to those vaunted heights. Salazsar had fallen before, to treachery and even plague, but not to armies with sheer, destructive might. As the Drake peered over a railing he supposed that nothing could threaten Salazsar’s elite by air. Not even an entire migration of Wyverns, surely. But Dragons?
Perhaps Dragons. Yet, the ancestors of Drakes had long since passed from the earth. Perhaps all, or perhaps some remained. But they were not a threat as they had been in days of yore. So the Drake walked further down, descending into the main part of the city.
Salazsar was a vertical place. Unlike Pallass which had floors, Salazsar had towers, connected by walkways. Each one was huge, as large as any castle or citadel around the base and narrowing as they rose. Fingers rising to the sky, perhaps. And the Drake descended one of these towers, noting how the elegance shifted, became less pronounced. The statues and reliefs certainly grew sparser in number.
And yet, the majesty of the city never disappeared no matter how low you went. No dingy halls, or low-cut, rough ceilings for the Walled City’s folk, though. Ilvriss looked up at the ceiling, a product of masterful architecture. Yes, each generation of Salazsar built upon the city, trying to outdo itself. You could capture the construction techniques across a thousand years if you went for a stroll.
It was to the tower closest to the mountain—overshadowed by the retreating rock face that Ilvriss had journeyed today. The newest tower, being built upwards, was of a classic design. All sleek rock, smooth edges, minimalistic in the nods to, say, gargoyles or other protrusions. Ilvriss was mixed on how he felt about it. Still, it was his base of operations. And he was proud; it had been constructed in his generation. And when he died, it would be there. Standing as a memento to all those who had helped raise it.
That was the pride of this Walled city, beyond all the others. Salazsar grew. It absorbed the mountain into itself. From the stones, the city was built. From the earth, its treasures excavated. Because Salazsar sat on a mother lode of gems. The largest, most comprehensive and varied set of veins in the earth. From its mines you could find exports of diamonds, rubies, metals like silver, mithril, even adamantine—and rarer minerals still. That was what made Salazsar richest of the Walled Cities for thousands of years. A vein miles deep, seemingly without end.
