6.32
Page 41
Heads turned to look at the Oldblood Drake. Keldrass hesitated.
“I mean, I’m not against it—I’m here to look into acid flasks. I uh, well, my team isn’t eligible to vote for Liscor’s new Council, obviously. But we do like the idea of an expanded Adventurer’s Guild. Which both candidates are offering as far as I understand.”
“Yeah! He’s just in my inn! To buy from me! A Human! Vote for Krshia! Lism’s a jerk!”
Erin cheered over Keldrass’ shoulder. The Drake bit his tongue and turned to her. Bevussa laughed.
“You walked into that, Keldrass! So Erin, how many acid flasks can we buy here? Lyonette says she only has forty three—can we have all forty three if we pay more per flask? What if I come out and endorse Krshia’s campaign?”
“Hold on, Bevussa, you can’t just take them all!”
Keldrass spluttered. Erin’s eyes went round.
“You want all of them?”
“It’s called storing up. Bags of holding don’t let most things go bad. And yeah, I want that acid stuff myself. Seborn will kill me. So—sorry guys, Erin and I go way back.”
Jelaqua elbowed in between the two captains. The Selphid smiled at Erin and the [Innkeeper] held up a hand.
“Hold on! I can’t give you all priority! I told Selys I’d sell them at the Adventurer’s Guild. I just wanted to advertise them here.”
“Aw, come on, Erin!”
“…What if I sold you all twelve?”
“I’ll take it!”
Jelaqua reached for her coin pouch at the same time as the other two Captains. Ceria, who’d missed the discussion entirely, only saw an acid jar as Erin began handing them over and practically froze her way across the room to get to Erin. Jelaqua was cackling as she stowed the jars in a bag.
“If this works well, Erin, you are going to be rich and I’m going to be one happy Selphid. Imagine using this on a Troll, guys?”
“I want to see if it works on Stone Starers myself.”
Bevussa nodded. Jelaqua grinned, turned her head towards Ceria to offer a teasing remark—although Erin had already set aside some of the jars for her friend—and froze. Her eyes locked on Grimalkin as Yvlon let him examine one arm. She fumbled with the acid jar and both Keldrass and Bevussa swore and leapt clear. Jelaqua caught the jar, absently put it in her bag of holding, and then grabbed Erin’s arm.
“That is the most muscular body I’ve ever seen in my life. Who is that? Erin, you have to introduce me.”
“To who? Grimalkin?”
“Is that his name? Please.”
Erin didn’t want to go back just yet, but Jelaqua practically towed her across the room. Grimalkin looked up from a cursory conversation with Pisces and blinked at Jelaqua.
“Hey Grimalkin! My friend really wants to meet you. She’s a—”
“Selphid. Of course. A pleasure to meet you, Miss.”
Grimalkin smiled and held out a hand. The Selphid shook it gently
“Hi. Jelaqua.”
Erin eyed her from the side. Was she—was she blushing? Jelaqua was staring at one of Grimalkin’s pectorals. The [Sinew Magus] sighed and whispered to Erin as he stepped back.
“I got a lot of stares on Baleros. And I have a number of bids for my body when I die. It’s flattering, I suppose.”
“Uh—”
“Can—can I touch your arms?”
“By all means.”
Grimalkin struck a pose. Jelaqua sighed. Erin looked at her face, edged back, and then waved her friends over.
“Grimalkin, meet Keldrass and Bevussa! Hey Seborn! Moore! Get over here!”
“I know you two. Keldrass. Oldblood elites. Didn’t I train your unit once? You’re an adventurer now?”
