6.32
Page 32
“I hear you, Krshia, but I’m still not sure on the safety of the city. It seems like we’re making a lot of concessions to the Antinium we don’t need to. I admit, the sight of those Workers doing their job so well gave me something to think about. But don’t you feel bought and sold?”
A Drake was debating with Krshia at the bar. The Gnoll turned to him and Elirr jumped in, smooth as could be.
“Bought and sold, Mister Deik? How do you mean? The Antinium want something and we could use their gold. This is an exchange if anything. A transaction. And like any transaction, there is room to negotiate. What bothers you the most? Just the fact that the Antinium would get something for defending our city? Are we really exposing our city to that much danger by allowing a few guests in? Expanding the Hive? Allowing Painted Soldiers to serve on the Watch?”
“Huh. Well, I think expanding the Hive is my biggest problem—”
“If we curtailed their expansion to a few hundred feet, would that do? What’s the problem? The Antinium are willing to offer more for less. It’s good faith. Or is this just Lism’s paranoia we’re all believing here? What will satisfy? Or is it just fear that holds us back?”
Krshia looked around. The crowd murmured thoughtfully. There were just as many Drakes as Gnolls, but Rufelt, picking up on the dynamic, thought that the Gnolls were mainly on Krshia’s side. He saw her look up and bare her teeth at Erin as the young woman approached. Then she looked at him, sniffed, and lowered her head in an authoritative nod.
Definitely a Tribal Gnoll. Rufelt tried not to let that color his judgment. He waited as Erin introduced them.
“Krshia, these are two great people you have to meet. Rufelt and Lasica. They will want to hear what you’re saying.”
“Really? Oh, and pleased to meet you.”
Lasica raised her eyebrow at Erin as she held out a claw to shake. Krshia politely shook hers and then Rufelt’s.
“A pleasure. But these two are from Pallass unless my nose betrays me, Erin. What can I offer them?”
All three looked at Erin, perplexed. The [Innkeeper] shook her head as if were obvious.
“You’re all in the same boat, of course! Don’t you see? I figured it out when I was thinking of how to help you, Krshia. Think about it. Well, actually, I’ll explain. Lasica and Rufelt here are part of the uh, Unitail group. You know how Pallass has elections? They want to vote out the Protectorate and make Pallass more open and friendly.”
“Not necessarily friendly. But more open. We disagreed with how they handled the Siege of Liscor and they don’t support free trade. As businesspeople, we object to that.”
Lasica quickly clarified. Krshia nodded.
“I’m a [Shopkeeper] myself. I value goods sent Pallass’ way. But you two aren’t [Senators], are you?”
That made Rufelt and Lasica grin. He shook his head.
“Call us the people who back [Senators]. They get our support and we get them to vote the way we want. That’s how a democracy works.”
Erin nodded.
“And guess what Liscor’s going to have soon? An election for the Council.”
“What?”
That threw Rufelt. He blinked at Erin, and then his gaze narrowed.
“So you’re—”
“I suggested the elections, yes. And if I win, which is not so likely, I might be the first Gnoll on Liscor’s Council.”
Krshia bared her teeth. Lasica’s eyes widened. She looked from Rufelt to Krshia, and then to Erin. Then she snapped her claws.
“The first Gnoll? Democracy in Liscor? Why haven’t we heard of this?”
