6.32
Page 29
Half an hour had passed since someone got word to Rufelt that the young woman, the Human [Innkeeper] from Liscor was up to something. He didn’t get much from the Street Runner who’d been paid in silver to relay the gossip. Only that Erin had gone to Liscor with Maughin and Grimalkin, then returned, and she was causing a fuss.
Even with that heads up, it still took twenty minutes for Rufelt to grab his wife from her shopping the bazaar on the first floor and make the trip up to the eighth floor and the magic door. They took the elevators of course and Rufelt, mindful of what might be going on, urged Lasica into a run. But even then, the panting [Chef] and [Barkeep] duo were still far, far too late.
Or just in time. Because the furor around the door to Liscor hadn’t died down. If anything, it had grown larger. So large that it took five minutes just for the married couple to push into the crowd and see what was going on. And then? They stopped and listened awhile.
On a stage, a Gnoll dressed as Romeo stood with a Gnollish Mercutio. In the background, a fabled piece of armor was being inspected by a Dullahan who held it as carefully as a wounded dove. Gnolls and Drakes circulated the tables with food, all unknown even to Lasica. And some stopped by the door, exchanging it for coin with the audience. In the background, black-bodied Antinium occasionally trooped up and down the stairs, with tools in hand, or paused to stare at the play.
And in the center of it—Rufelt’s eyes found Erin Solstice at once. He could feel her, in an eddy of attention and emotion. She had caused this. He pointed her out to his wife. Lasica leaned on Rufelt’s shoulder, wondering.
“Is this really the same young woman we met, Rufelt?”
“She looks the same, dear. But she did this. I’ll bet my teeth on it.”
“By herself? No—look at that armor. Maughin, Grimalkin—I can see how, but even then—could you do this?”
“If I had to. But I would have to try hard. Look. She even has Watch Captain Venim eating at one table.”
“Incredible.”
Lasica shook her head as she saw Venim sitting at a table. He looked equal parts annoyed and confused, but he was there. Rufelt met his wife’s gaze. They both started for the door, but a spear blocked their path.
“No entry to the inn. The door’s nearly out of magic.”
A tired voice and surly Drake confronted them. Rufelt eyed Guardsman Kel, and instantly felt someone push at his back.
“Hey!”
He turned, annoyed. A shorter Drake glared up at him.
“Hey yourself! Move! We’re trying to watch the play!”
The crowd voiced their annoyed agreement. Rufelt hesitated. He saw Erin’s head turn, and the young woman locked eyes with him. Her face lit up.
“Rufelt! Lasica! Just the last two people I need for my pl—er, my best friends! Come on through! Kel, they’re with me.”
“What? You can’t just—”
“Can and do! My door! My guests! Sorry folks, they’re VIP’s.”
“What’s? Can you eat that?”
“Let me through! I’ll pay! I’ll—”
Rufelt took Erin’s hand and stepped through the door. Lasica followed and the door suddenly went dark behind them. Erin sighed. There was a murmur of protest from the seats around her. Rufelt saw a group of Drakes and Gnolls were sitting with drinks and foods, staring through the doorway with as much intensity as the Pallassian citizens had been. Erin waved a hand in apology.
“Sorry, folks. We’ll get a [Mage] to fix it! Rufelt, Lasica, this way—hey Grimalkin?”
“I have it.”
