6.32
Page 2
Of course, one didn’t simply excavate all those treasures with sheer abandon. Ironically, the Drakes of Salazsar had learned first-hand how easy it was to render gold, gemstones, or any valuable commodity useless by having a glut of wealth stockpiled. So they carefully expended their trove of treasures, digging deeper with each passing year, keeping themselves rich, but not bankrupting themselves by excess.
And some day, yes, some day, the glorious treasures of the earth might run out. But by that point, the Walled City would be the mountain itself. And the keepers of this great city had laid vast stockpiles of wealth against such a time.
It was said that Salazsar’s streets ran with gold and gemstones. Which was a blatant lie; anyone who saw, say, a citrine gemstone lying on the ground would snap it up in a second. Who left money lying around? And Salazsar had its lower classes, Ilvriss was all too aware. It was not perfect. But it was richer than any other Walled City.
And its Walled Lords were richest of all. A match for the wealthiest of the Humans in the north, like the conceited Magnolia Reinhart. But they did things better in Salazsar, of course. Ilvriss walked up the newer tower and pushed open a door set into the stone. Instantly, the cold, even chill air of altitude vanished. And he walked into pomp. Possibly circumstance.
The interior of the latest tower was adorned in rich carpeting. Wood built into the stone made Ilvriss feel as if he were suddenly enveloped in warmth; the fire burning in the entryway certainly did that. He luxuriated in the warmth after his cold walk for a moment, then briskly strode towards the next door.
It opened into a large staircase, which branched off into smaller rooms. This high up of course, each room was meant for only a few occupants. But further down, as the spiraling staircase widened, you could reach entire mess halls, complexes of apartments, indoor courts for exercise—Ilvriss walked up instead of down. Not much further to go now.
Few people were up. Those who did see Ilvriss, sweeping along in his rich, dark clothing—silk, thank you, pleasant on the scales despite the cold of outside—bowed or nodded to him as was their wont. None exchanged words; they were all busy—until a young voice called out.
“Wall Lord! Wall Lord!”
Ilvriss turned his head. He saw a Drake child, scales as yellow as a flower’s, waving at him excitedly. He was tugging on the dress of a set-upon Drake, a [Tutor] perhaps, who was urging him into a doorway. The young Drake was dressed well; of course, he wouldn’t belong to this area if he wasn’t rich. Ilvriss strolled towards him, smiling.
“Young Felidel. Good morning to you.”
“You too! Wall Lord sir. They said you were back in the city! Did you kill lots of Goblins? They said you fought with General Shivertail himself. Before he died.”
Ilvriss’ smile slipped a bit. The Drake [Tutor] curtsied, her cheeks red.
“Apologies, Wall Lord. I’m to teach Felidel’s class, but he insisted on waiting for you.”
“Not at all, Miss…?”
“Hessa, Wall Lord.”
“Miss Hessa. And Felidel, I’m gratified to see you. You’ve grown since our last chat, but we mustn’t inconvenience our fellow citizens, correct?”
The Drake child shuffled his feet.
“But—”
He looked up and caught Ilvriss’ smile. The Wall Lord nodded to Felidel.
“I have been gone a substantial time. I would have worried, but I’m sure you’ve protected our city while I’ve been gone?”
The Drake’s face lit up.
“I have, Wall Lord Ilvriss!”
