6.32
Page 44
“They do enjoy their parties. But theirs are spontaneous. I cannot help but feel this was entirely organized by Miss Erin herself.”
“True! She’s cunning. But I swear, she could make a Centaur get off his high horse and laugh!”
Jelaqua punctuated that sentence with a laugh of her own, and Maughin chuckled with her. Even though she was a stranger. Then his brow furrowed. He leaned forwards suddenly.
“…Excuse me. Did I hear you say you were from Baleros?”
“Who? Me? Yeah! I’m a Baleros native! Born and raised! I haven’t been home in ages! What about you?”
“I’m from the north. One of our—that is to say, my people’s—capitals.”
Jelaqua held up a hand. She squinted at Maughin.
“Don’t tell me. The biggest one? Invinctel? No? Cephalium?”
“Invinctel.”
“Of course! Your armor’s got that color pattern.”
Jelaqua drunkenly waved at Maughin’s armor, which did indeed look mostly white to the untrained eye. But it was the slight flashes of color on the armguards and parts of the armor that told you where to look. An old Dullahan tradition, so their warriors could hide in the snow. Maughin smiled.
“And you are? I didn’t think most Drakes came from Baleros.”
Jelaqua paused. She looked down at her body and laughed.
“That’s just because you see me like this! Sorry, scales hide the obvious.”
“Selphid. Of course.”
Maughin felt like a fool. In fairness, Jelaqua’s current body had dark, almost magenta scales. But if you looked at her eyes, the way she didn’t breathe as often as everyone else—he shook his head.
“My apologies, Miss Ivirith. It has been a while since I went home.”
“You and me both, Master…?”
“Maughin. Forgive me. That was an indiscretion.”
Now the Dullahan did turn red. Jelaqua just laughed good-naturedly.
“I insulted you by sitting down unwelcomed. We’ll call it even! And it’s great to meet another Balerosian! I suppose there are enough from Pallass—”
“Too few. Many lived in Pallass before I came here. We have a community. And those that came here didn’t live back home as long as I did. I spent nearly thirty years there, and not just in my city. Coming here I have made a life for myself for this last decade. But…”
“Home is home. Bugs and all.”
Jelaqua raised her empty glass. Maughin raised his half-filled tankard.
“From north to south, to frozen earth and humid soil. We call it home.”
They clinked glasses softly. Jelaqua laughed, but it was quieter, more pleasant. She leaned back in her chair, sobering a bit or perhaps just telling her liver to do some work. The orange flush in her cheeks died down a bit. She leaned forwards.
“Do you get much news from home? I’m starved myself.”
“A few [Messages]. Mainly politics from Invinctel and among my people. But the topic on every lip was Daquin. Did you hear about the latest game with the Titan?”
“Hear it? Dead gods, I would have paid a hundred gold pieces to see it! It had all the action you could want for, or so I heard. And Tulm the Mithril? The Iron Vanguard? Seriously? I couldn’t see a thing, but you bet I flipped every table in the inn when I heard it was being broadcast! Live of all things!”
Jelaqua slapped the table, groaning. Maughin smiled hugely.
“It was a sight to see. There were people of every species—Cameral of Lord Astoragon’s students, Yerranola—they teamed up together, you know. They might have won, but for Tulm the Mithril himself intervening at the last moment.”
“You mean the feint? What happened? Wait, how did you see?”
Agog, Jelaqua scooted forwards. Maughin took off his head so he could place it on the table and speak without having to lean all the way down.
