6.32
Page 23
He got no further, because as he was turning and Erin stepped aside to let Lyonette come forwards and join the discussion, Pawn suddenly had an unobstructed view of Pallass and the crowd of people on the other side. And they had the same view of him. For a moment Pawn saw a bunch of curious faces, chatting, talking, sampling hamburgers, and for some reason, a Dullahan sharpening a bunch of knives on the ground—and then their faces all turned to horror.
“Antinium! Run for your lives!”
A Drake in a velvet dress recoiled and screamed. Half the crowd screamed with her. Several eyes rolled up in their heads and the Gnoll [Chef] fainted into Venim’s grasp. The rest of the crowd turned and tried to run. The Pallassian [Guardsmen] at the door whirled, spotted the Antinium, and grabbed their weapons. They formed a wall as Watch Captain Venim recoiled. But it was Erin who whirled, a gleam in her eye, and bellowed with her [Loud Voice] Skill.
“STOP!”
The word had more force behind it than just volume. As one, the crowd halted in their tracks, shaking loose the almost primal fear that had gripped them. Erin clenched her fist.
“[Crowd Control]—Venim, don’t let them run! They’ll get hurt!”
The Watch Captain had the same thought. He turned and bellowed, thrusting an arm in front of Kel, who was about to make a run at Pawn and Belgrade through the door.
“Order! No one move! The situation is under control! Guardsmen, do not advance! Hold your ground!”
The panicked crowd stopped, held by both Venim and Erin’s Skills and authority. The Pallassian City Watch held their ground, staring at the two Workers and clutching their weapons with white-knuckled grips. The only people not frozen in this tableau were Maughin, who looked only mildly alarmed, Grimalkin, who looked mildly disgusted, and Lorent, who had looked up once warily and then went back to sharpening his knives.
And of course, everyone on Liscor’s side of the door. Bemused, Krshia, Selys, Elirr, and hundreds of Liscor’s citizens watched as Venim kept shouting for order. They stared at the Workers. Someone—the Gnoll [Hunter]—laughed nervously.
“It’s just two Workers. It’s not like it’s an army of Soldiers, right?”
Everyone in earshot nodded, including Selys. Her eyes flicked to Erin. The young woman was standing in front of Pawn and Belgrade, and only from behind could you see Erin’s hand was on her kitchen knife. But the smile she gave Venim as he rounded on her was saccharine.
“What is the meaning of—”
“They’re Workers, Venim. Antinium Workers. Pawn and Belgrade. They’ve come to work on my inn. Rebuild it after the Goblin Lord—no, those Human jerks—blew up the top of my inn. It’s completely legal. They’re in Liscor. They’re not trying to cross into Pallass. They’re just here. There’s no problem, except if Pallass’ citizens panic.”
Venim stared at Erin. His arm tensed—he was gripping his sword hilt.
“The Antinium have been under a non-aggression pact with the Walled Cities for ten years. However, their presence in any lands controlled by Pallass is an act of hostility—”
“Not Pallass. Liscor. You don’t like it? Close the door.”
Erin met Venim’s gaze, and hers was suddenly electric. She glared across four hundred miles and the look in her eyes was suddenly direct. Challenging. And scornful. The Drake’s jaw tightened. He put his hand on the door to do just that. He began to swing it closed, never looking away from Erin’s gaze. And to stop him, she spoke two words.
“Scaredy cat.”
The door halted halfway. It opened and Venim’s eyes locked on Erin’s.
“What was that?”
