6.32
Page 25
“Madness. They’re touched in the head!”
Someone else agreed. Selys gasped. She looked around and saw Krshia had gone stiff. Elirr frowned, his normally-kind face turning dark. And they weren’t the only ones. Every Drake around Selys stiffened. And the Gnolls bared their teeth. And as one Liscor’s citizens they felt the same thing.
Outrage. A Drake with a scar on his chin leaned forwards, putting his head through the door to snap back.
“We’re mad? Says the lot who can’t tell a Worker apart from a Soldier and run screaming at the sight of two!”
“Who needs to tell them apart? Who would let them into a city? Or walk down the same street as one?”
“Anyone who has a Hive in theirs, that’s who! They don’t just attack people out of the blue! They’re our Antinium. And I’ll have you know that we haven’t had any incidents with ours in years. The last Aberration that appeared—”
“Aberration? Dead gods. What do they even do? Collect refuse? Dig?”
“They build.”
Selys snapped back. The Pallassians scoffed—Selys wanted to curse at them. She saw Belgrade moving back around the side of the crowd, and Lyonette hurrying over. The Worker bobbed his head deferentially.
“Excuse me, Miss Lyonette. We need to take down this wall to finish repairs on the side of the inn.”
“What? Really? Uh—”
“Do it!”
Erin shouted over the heads of the crowd. Belgrade nodded. He turned his head and signaled with three of his four arms—and the far wall came down. Two dozen Antinium Workers ­pulled the wall out as Soldiers positioned pillars of wood and scaffolding under the ceiling, which creaked but didn’t fall in. The move was so sudden that even Liscor’s citizens recoiled.
“Dead gods!”
Belgrade walked past the crowd as they drew back from the sudden opening. Selys blinked into the sunlight now shining into the building. Even Erin’s jaw dropped. But the Antinium didn’t hesitate. They took apart the far wall as if there was nothing to it. And of course—they’d built it. But it was incredible to see them just bring it down. But more Workers were already rushing forwards. Belgrade stood in front of the new construction area and raised his voice.
“Excuse me. Stand back, please. We are going to begin construction in this area. Anyone in this area may suffer the risk of death. Thank you.”
After one second to digest that, the Gnolls and Drakes on the perimeter moved back. Selys saw some of the people outside watching the Antinium work, or peering inside to finally get a glimpse of Pallass. And around the wall and inn, the Antinium began reconstructing the inn.
Temporary support beams were already in place, and the Antinium were swarming on the second and third floors. One of them was pulling up floorboards to get to a damaged beam with a few cracks in it, while another was already messing with the stone foundations of the inn below. And more—they were digging up earth in a huge flurry, Workers and Soldiers, and behind them, Antinium were laying stones down, creating a larger foundation.
Selys stared along with Krshia and Elirr. It was all so efficient. The Antinium had no concept of personal space, or the need to coordinate. They had Workers replacing floorboards, refitting a cracked windowpane, while below them their comrades began replacing parts of the ceiling of the common room, replacing a support beam.
And only when they needed to do the swap did the Antinium on the second floor disappear—and then only for a second while Soldiers held up the roof with temporary supports and their own strength and the Workers replaced the crucial pillar of the inn in a moment.
