6.32
Page 39
“I assure you, I can fully compensate you for your time. I happen to be in possession of a large quantity of gold that—”
“I don’t train [Necromancers]. Or [Mages] I’m not personally training. If you were my apprentice, that would be another matter. How about it? I sign my students up for a year’s course. If you can meet my basic physical tests, I’ll teach you my basic repertoire of magics. As fine an education as you could find in Fissival, with an added physical core component!”
Grimalkin flexed one arm for proof. Pisces’ face fell.
“Ah, well, I happen to be a graduate of Wistram myself—”
“And? You think that qualifies you? I see a rapier at your hip, but can you use it?”
Grimalkin poked a claw at Pisces’ side. The [Necromancer] narrowed his eyes.
“I assure you, I was considered a very proficient dueler in the academy during my tenure there.”
The Drake rolled his eyes.
“Against other [Mages] with more body fat than bone? I don’t doubt it. But you don’t have a [Fencer]’s muscles. And believe me, a bit of skill won’t save you against anything with a stony hide. Muscle is the only thing that will pierce that! Or raw magical talent. Again, my classes train both.”
He folded his arms, and his disparaging gaze said it all. Pisces’ eyes flashed.
“And if I said that I had more magical talent in my left hand than all your muscles could possibly—”
“Okay! Pisces! My turn.”
A half-Elf slid into the [Necromancer], bumping him to one side. Ceria smiled up at Grimalkin as the rest of her team appeared. The Drake eyed Ksmvr, but didn’t comment—he was watching Erin slowly edge away with one eye. And worst, he was no idiot. Ceria offered her good hand, smiling nervously.
“Sorry about that. Pisces can be rude.”
“Arrogant is the word I’d use. The half-Elf [Cryomancer]. Want to join my school? You could both use the effort.”
Ceria wavered.
“Well—I was hoping we could just learn some spells from you. I’m not one for uh, physical exercise—”
“I noticed. You’re lucky that half-Elves have strong metabolisms or you’d weigh more than you do. It’s not often I see overweight half-Elves, but give it five years at the offset and you’ll notice a change.”
Grimalkin pointedly eyed her stomach. Ceria turned beet-red.
“I—we’re adventurers. We can’t spend the time training. My team, Yvlon and Ksmvr, can’t wait for a year or even months.”
“I see that too. Worker. Missing an arm—funny, I heard your people could regenerate limbs.”
“Not without the right substances. Hello, Sir Grimalkin.”
The Drake ignored Ksmvr. He looked at Yvlon and then dropped his arms. He bent and stared at her arms.
“What in the name of the Walls did you do to your arms? I sense—”
His head spun towards Pisces. The [Necromancer] gulped. Yvlon jumped in.
“My arms were damaged by a fire elemental. My bones are fused with metal.”
“Damn.”
The expletive made heads six tables over turn. Grimalkin struck his thigh, looking disgusted.
“That explains that. I’m sorry, Miss…?”
“Yvlon.”
“Miss Yvlon. No wonder. And no wonder you’re paired with…”
Grimalkin thoughtfully looked at Pisces, then he shook his head.
“You know what? I take it back. Perhaps there are good uses for [Necromancers] in this world after all. Not that I’ve met one that wasn’t half-weasel or necrophiliac.”
“Necro—”
Pisces’ outraged shout was stopped by Ceria’s hand. He tried to speak, but she gripped his mouth. His face turned slowly red as he tried to shout at Grimalkin. The Drake ignored him and went on.
