6.32
Page 21
The crowd that surrounded Erin’s inn was beginning to shrink a bit. Not because of lack of interest, but rather because frustrated people who wanted to see and hear what was going on inside were squeezing into the inn, taking seats further up the common room rather than waste time standing outside. Perhaps that was why few of them reacted to the new group that appeared out of the Floodplains. Few exclaimed to see the band of Antinium, sixty workers and half as many Soldiers, tromping this way. True, it was an unnerving amount of Antinium to see in any one spot usually. But Liscor’s citizens had bigger things to attract their attention. And anyone who looked at the Antinium who lived in Liscor would know what they were about.
The Workers were armed with hammers, saws, nails, picks, buckets, shovels, and more tools. The Soldiers were carrying huge beams of lumber on their shoulders, or rocks. They proceeded up the hill, led by a pair of Workers. One of them paused when he saw the inn. The other, Belgrade, assumed it was normal and calmly turned to his Workers.
“The inn is currently occupied by a higher ratio of guests than normal. Begin earthworks. I will direct you to the building site in time. Eight Painted Soldiers, adopt a perimeter.”
The Workers and Soldiers spread out, placing their burdens on the ground. Eight Painted Soldiers broke off to watch for monsters as the rest grabbed digging instruments and tromped over to a smaller hill next to the one The Wandering Inn stood on. There was no hesitation, no milling about—they transitioned from walking to work in a heartbeat. Belgrade turned to Pawn.
“Perhaps we should confer with Miss Erin first?”
Pawn nodded slowly, eying the crowd around the inn.
“I think that would be wise. Lyonette did say today was the day. But maybe Erin is doing something. Let’s find out.”
The Antinium marched up to the door and saw it was blocked. The door was open, and filled with Gnolls and Drakes peering inside at…something. Pawn hesitated. Belgrade, with a [Tactician]’s quick thinking, raised his voice.
“Excuse me. We are here on business. Please make way. Excuse me. We are on the business of the Hive of the Free Antinium. Please make way—”
His call made those closest to the door turn. A Drake spotted the two Workers, jumped, and grabbed at his friend. A Gnoll looked around, saw Pawn and Belgrade, and laughed at his friend.
“Let them through. Hey! Move on! And now—quick! Follow them in! That’s our ticket!”
The duo enterprisingly pushed at the crowd ahead of them and were promptly rebuffed. But Pawn and Belgrade moved forwards and the Drakes and Gnolls, seeing them, moved aside. They didn’t quite want to stand next to a Worker, but Pawn didn’t see half as many looks of disgust or horror he sometimes recalled seeing. Still, the Antinium made progress where no one else could. Pawn stared around at the packed room, somewhat dizzy from all the body heat and voices.
“What is going on? What is—”
“Ah. There.”
Belgrade grabbed his arm and pointed. Pawn saw a little Gnoll peering over one table, her tail wagging excitedly. Apista, perched on her head, took flight when Pawn and Belgrade approached and the Ashfire Bee, who had already been given her own bubble of space, further widened it as she flew around the Antinium.
“Hello Mrsha. We are looking for Lyonette. May we know where she is?”
