6.32
Page 42
The muscular Drake looked at Keldrass, who seemed to have inhaled his tongue. Bevussa shook his hand, laughing. And then Seborn appeared and stared up at Grimalkin. He looked at Jelaqua and towed her away without another word. She was still staring. Grimalkin looked around—and then he saw Moore.
“I’m very pleased to meet you. I apologize for my captain. She—”
“Dead gods, man!”
Grimalkin roared, making Moore jump as the half-Giant held out a hand to shake. Mrsha, perched on his shoulders, leapt free in alarm. Bevussa caught her. Grimalkin stared up at Moore and then strode around him.
“You! Sir! You! Do you understand what you could be doing with that body of yours? You should be turning it into a work of art! This is a criminal waste of your potential!”
He pointed at one of Moore’s arms, which, while large, didn’t ripple with muscle like Grimalkin’s. The Drake clenched a fist and leaned in to Moore, speaking urgently as the half-Giant backed up in alarm.
“You could be the finest [Mage] I’ve ever taught. What do you say? Join me, Magus Moore, and by the time we’re through, you could punch a hole in a Wyvern and rip out its heart!”
“I’m not one for exercise. I’m large enough as it is. Thank you, but I’m really—”
“You have talent! Young—half-Giant, you could be a legend! I’m past my prime, but you’re barely, what, in your thirties? Come with me, and I’ll pit you against Feor himself and watch that old half-Elf crumple under a single blow! First the Gecko, now you—this city is a breeding ground for unused potential! At least hear me out! Listen—I’ll sponsor your training. You want to learn magic? I happen to know a variety of Tier 5 spells, even a Tier 6 spell! Stick with me—”
Moore tried to retreat. Grimalkin pursued him. Pisces, wide-eyed, followed them both.
“Tier 6 did you say? Moore, hear Sir Grimalkin out. I happen to have newfound appreciation for his philosophy…”
He disappeared into the crowd after them. Erin, laughing, leaned on Ceria for support. The half-Elf whispered urgently to her.
“Can I get some of those acid jars too, Erin?”
“Sure, sure! Just let me check on my guests. I’ll save Moore from Grimalkin in a bit. Or—Mrsha, you do it! Protect him so he doesn’t turn into Grimalkin!”
The little Gnoll nodded and raced into the crowd. Erin turned around.
“Let’s see. Where’s Maughin? I want him to get on this thing Rufelt and Lasica are discussing. Is he still with the armor? There he is! Maughin! Hey! Maughin!”
Erin waved at the Dullahan. He was sitting alone, drinking from a large tankard and watching Hamlet, which was now being shown on stage. There were still [Smiths] gathered around the Heartflame Breastplate, trying to activate it, but he seemed to be done for a moment. The Dullahan looked over as Erin walked towards him. Bevussa however, looked shocked. She grabbed Erin with one wing-arm and steered her backwards. The Garuda opened her beak and whispered into Erin’s ear.
“Erin! That’s Maughin! Our best [Armorer]! In all of Pallass! His work is so good that you can buy his stuff, take it to an [Enchanter] and have it enchanted with practically anything you want! His metal is good! How in the name of the Ancestors do you know him?”
“Eh. We met? Hey Maughin, how’s it going? Are you bored? Do you need anything? How’s the armor?”
The Dullahan stared down at Erin. He shook his head slowly, and looked around. He hesitated, then shook his head again.
