6.32
Page 30
The [Sinew Magus] pushed himself up from a table and walked over. He slapped the door tiredly and it flickered back to life. Grimalkin winced. He rubbed at his back, looking uncharacteristically tired. Rufelt just blinked at him. He knew Grimalkin of course, but what was he doing here? Erin’s smile of gratitude was accompanied by a slap on the back.
“Thank you! Sorry about asking for it so much.”
“This is for the weights. I’m not doing this twice. I have my limits, you know. You still need to show me these barbells.”
Grimalkin sighed. Erin nodded rapidly as he went back to sit down next to Relc. Rufelt turned around and saw a bunch of Pallass’ citizens arguing with Kel on the other side. Watch Captain Venim got up from his table.
“Everything alright, Guardsman Kel?”
“Can’t you get someone to add more magic to this door, Watch Captain?”
A Garuda demanded as she flapped up from the crowd. She pointed at the door as the crowd voiced their agreement.
“You’re a Watch Captain. Aren’t we allowed free passage into that city? We have hundreds of [Mages] in the army and City Watch! Call some over here! It’s a public service!”
“The door is extremely mana-intensive—”
“Well, we’re missing the play! And food! Miss Innkeeper! Why haven’t we been allowed to use the door before now?”
She glared at Erin, snapping her beak. Erin shrugged.
“Hey, you know, it’s not my fault. I was totally for people coming through. But no one wanted to, from Liscor or Pallass. Weird. And I had no idea you had to pay fifty gold or something to go through. But that’s what your Assembly of Crafts came up with, right?”
“They did?”
Erin winked at Rufelt. He blinked, amazed. Lasica was still just looking around. Erin led them away from the door and towards the kitchen, which had a steady stream of people coming in and out. She turned to them, her expression radiant.
“I’m so glad you guys made it! I was thinking you wouldn’t notice!”
“It’s fairly hard to miss when a Human spirits away our best [Blacksmith]. This is fairly incredible, Erin. But what’s this all about?”
“Oh, just helping out a few friends. Hey Lasica! Welcome to my inn! First time, huh? Like it? The Antinium just rebuilt part of it. Sit down, sit down! Anything you want’s on the house, for all the times you invited me to your inn!”
“Erin.”
Lasica opened her mouth. She leaned back as Erin waved and a Gnoll scooted over with two bowls of…white, solidified cream? Rufelt took it and bit into it. His eyes went wide. Lasica took her bowl, put it down, and then looked at Erin.
“I take it back. You’re no magical innkeeper. You’re an expert on crowds. I feel silly treating you like an amateur. This is incredible.”
“Aw, Lasica! It’s good to see you too.”
Erin reached out to hug the [Chef]. Lasica blocked her with a claw. She looked at the bowl.
“And what is this?”
“Ice cream. Told you I could make it.”
Erin proudly puffed out her chest. Rufelt nearly choked on the sweets. Lasica just blinked.
“You made the dish from Terandria that we couldn’t get the recipe for? Just like that.”
“I told you I could.”
“And I didn’t believe you. Ancestors. Alright.”
Lasica blinked at the bowl, eyed the melted bit of ice cream at the bottom, then stuck a spoon into her mouth. She didn’t immediately scarf the sweet food down like Rufelt—he loved it and was trying not to lick his bowl clean. Lasica’s brows shot up with the clinical detachment of a food connoisseur.
“Geh. You Humans really do like sugar in everything. But it’s good. Yes. Hard to pair with most dishes, though. Definitely a desert. Rufelt?”
