6.32
Page 36
The Pallassian citizens looked appalled as Erin brought Numbtongue to Rufelt. The Gnoll nearly dropped his cup. Numbtongue eyed a flaming drink and reached for it.
“Disgusting. Is this really—”
“Shh! What’s going on stage now?”
One of the Dullahans on Pallass’ side refused to be budged. She folded her arms, glaring through the doorway at a few of Liscor’s citizens who were people-watching.
“So your city lets in Hobgoblins too, is that it?”
The citizens of Liscor looked at each other. They glanced at Numbtongue by the bar. And then at Erin. And the Antinium. And yes, at Grimalkin, chatting about weights with some interested Gnolls and Drakes. At Maughin, towering over the others. Lorent, selling his Skills. And back through the door to Pallass.
City of Inventions. A Walled City. And Liscor was tiny compared to it. But not inferior. Thanks to her.
This is what you have. And this is what we have. Who we have. So the Drakes and Gnolls smiled. One of them shrugged, toasted the group with a drink that seemed to appear in his claws at the right moment, and downed it.
“Hey, we’re open to fresh faces. What, you scared of a single Hobgoblin too?”
And for a second, they were proud of Numbtongue. Just for a second. And how was that for a day of work? Erin thought about it. And in her head, another few pieces clicked together.
 
—-
 
They were travelling down a forest road when the door opened. Noise and light spilled out. The sudden outpouring of sound and energy nearly gave Jelaqua a heart attack. She flailed as she woke up from her nap, rolled reflexively, and would have fallen off the wagon had Moore not caught her. Seborn jerked to wakefulness, grabbing at his daggers. He looked up and into a smiling face.
An old friend. But perhaps—not so old. Erin Solstice looked up at Moore, who had been guiding the mule-pulled wagon.
“Moore! Seborn! Jelaqua! Hey! It’s been too long!”
The Halfseekers stared at Erin. The young woman had to shout; it sounded like there was a wild party going on behind her. Jelaqua sat up, brushing dirt off her scales. She was wearing a female Drake body. She blinked blearily at Erin.
“Wha—Erin? What’s this about? Is there trouble?”
“Nope! I just wanted to say hi! I knew you had the door! How’s it going? Are you at Invrisil yet?”
Jelaqua frowned.
“Erin, we’re still nearly a hundred and fifty miles away yet. We don’t exactly run and we had this adventure that—are you having some kind of celebration?”
Was that a half-giant behind Erin? No—Jelaqua blinked.
“Wait. Is that a Dullahan behind you? Where did you meet a Dullahan? He’s half the size of a War Walker!”
Erin looked over her shoulder.
“Oh? That’s just Maughin. He’s an [Armorer]. And I know you’re not there yet. Buuuut—I am having a ton of festivities! Food, drinks—there’s this amazing [Barkeep] who’s helping me out, and a [Chef]! And there’s an election in Liscor. It’s this huge thing. Anyways, want to come through?”
“Wh—now?”
Jelaqua looked at her companions. Moore scratched at his chin.
“But we’re so far away. And we are on the road…we said our goodbyes. Wouldn’t it be premature to come back?”
He said that, but Jelaqua saw him craning his neck, looking for Mrsha. Erin looked blankly at him.
“So? What’s stopping you? I have all kinds of new things. And I miss you. Come back, just for a little bit. We’ve got tons of [Mages]. And I’ve got blue juice. And some acid jars I’d love to sell you.”
She looked at Seborn. The Drowned Man pulled some hay out of his clothing and looked at her.
“Acid what?”
