6.32
Page 43
“I’m—fine, Miss Solstice. Truly. The armor is exquisite. I can’t even tell what metal it is, but the detailing, the craft—it’s magic and metal, seamlessly blended. Beyond my craft. I wish that I had the gift for magic. But perhaps if I were Level 40, or Level 50—Pelt might know what was made of. I am not that much of a master yet.”
He laughed, hollowly for a second. Then he bowed his head.
“But I am grateful. Truly, for this opportunity. And these sights. This food…I am simply enjoying myself.”
“That’s great. And oh—this is Bevussa. She says she’s a big fan or yours.”
Erin introduced Bevussa. The Garuda colored—although with her feathers, it was impossible to really see.
“Master Maughin? An honor. I bought my blades from you, do you recall?”
“Of course. The Wings of Pallass are an illustrious team. We share a common friend. I will remember that.”
Maughin inclined his head. Erin beamed, missing the Dullahan’s polite nuance, and Bevussa bowed.
“I am honored, sir. I don’t want to interrupt you, so I will remove myself.”
She tugged at Erin’s arm tactfully and the [Innkeeper] caught the message and decided to introduce Rufelt and Lasica to Bevussa and Lyonette instead. Maughin sat alone at his table, watching them go. After a moment, a Selphid staggered by, downing two shots of whiskey in quick succession. She was following a shadow in the air, which eluded her. Maughin watched with curiosity.
“I wasn’t going to insult him! I just wanted to touch that body! Seborn! You—you jerk! Do you know how amazing a body like that is? Even Level 30 [Warriors] aren’t that incredible. That’s Level 40 or something. Beautiful—come back here!”
Jelaqua sighed; she’d lost Seborn. She looked around and saw Maughin’s table was one of the only empty ones. The Selphid sat down and raised an unsteady hand.
“Sorry. Sir. I just need to catch my breath. I was blown away by—and I think I had five or six shots in the last few minutes to steady my nerves.”
“It is fine. Take your time.”
Maughin ducked his head politely. He thought about taking it off, but someone might knock his head to the floor by accident. People were everywhere. Jelaqua swayed, and then glanced up at Maughin. Her eyes widened.
“Oh sh—sorry, for the interruption, Mister uh, Dullahan. I’m not trying to be rude.”
Blushing, she stood up. Maughin held up a hand and Jelaqua stopped.
“No offense taken. Truly. Tell me, are you a regular? I saw you speaking with Erin Solstice.”
Maughin felt comfortable enough to use her name. Jelaqua sat with a smile.
“Me? I know her. I stayed at this inn for a long while. Sorry. Adventurer. Jelaqua Ivirith, Captain of the Halfseekers. My team was trying Liscor’s dungeon until we decided to stop. We were on the road, but Erin’s magical door…”
She waved an unsteady hand at the doorway. Maughin nodded.
“So you know her well. Tell me. Is it like this here every night? Is it always so…busy?”
His head still spun from all of the events of this morning. He had been in his forge. And now he’d been to another city, had a bunch of new orders for weights, had gotten involved in Liscor’s politics, seen Antinium and a friendly Hobgoblin…
And Raekea was married. Maughin sighed. Jelaqua shrugged as she looked around the room.
“Nah, but this is an Erin classic. Like it? I know it’s crazy, but no one gets hurt at one of her parties. Much. Erin’s great at throwing them; the only time I’ve seen more people just fill a room was back home. Lizardfolk.”
Maughin smiled nostalgically.
