6.32
Page 5
“It was hardly me camping out with a handkerchief held over my head. I had my command.”
“True. But it can’t have been easy. And after losing Periss, your best subordinate—ah, I’m sorry.”
Ilvriss’ face froze for a second as he sat down. He cleared his throat.
“Thank you. I’ve spoken to her family, but it’s…a blow. Yes. I regret it.”
“Damn Zel and his army. We might have been at odds with his city, but he cut apart our army. No love for fellow Drakes, is there? No wonder he threw us over for the Humans at the end.”
“It wasn’t like that.”
“No? Tell me what it was like. Ah—never mind. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t speak ill of a war hero. And you were in the same spot as him, weren’t you? Tell me when I’m in a better mood.”
Ilvriss glanced up at Brilm’s sour face.
“Problem?”
“Only your Gnoll, Alrric. He showed me in without so much as an ounce of courtesy. Used my name and everything. I can’t fathom why you keep him around—it was hard enough dealing with him when you were gone. I know he’s efficient, but dead gods, there are limits to value, Ilvriss!”
The Wall Lord sighed. Suddenly, he remembered all the little issues that came with being home. Such as squabbles like this. He carefully avoided looking at his old childhood friend.
“He’s a busy fellow, Brilm. An [Administrator] cannot be expected to genuflect at every moment to a Wall Lord, can he? Let alone my [Gemstone Administrator] and executive director in command of all my affairs.”
The other Drake made a disgusted sound as he picked up Ilvriss’ monocle and stared through it.
“One step below a Wall Lord and you choose a Gnoll for your second-in-command. I’m not questioning you, Ilvriss. I just think it’s odd.”
Ilvriss leaned back in his chair, frowning.
“Really? Do you want to know how to light a fire under the tails of your Gnoll workers and have them try to outperform their Drake counterparts without actually lighting a fire, Brilm?”
“Enlighten me.”
“Make a Gnoll your top [Administrator]. And give anyone who works for the opportunity a chance to advance. I have six Gnoll [Head Miners] on my staff, each of them the best I could ask for. They came to me because they knew I’d give them the positions they earned. You might consider it yourself.”
“I employ many Gnolls.”
Brilm waved a claw, looking mildly offended. Ilvriss corrected the edge of his papers against the desk.
“How many working in your offices?”
Wall Lords controlled holdings, particular mining areas, or just enough wealth to finance the various sectors that kept Salazsar alive. They were, in truth, the hearts of the city. From their businesses, smaller shops, operations, and so forth flourished. And so each employed individual owed their allegiance to one particular Wall Lord. One…house of Salazsar. That was how the city operated, with efficiency unlike a democracy like Pallass. A Wall Lord had to actively manage his affairs or hire someone to do the job competently.
Brilm ignored the question. He eyed the reports Ilvriss was holding and abruptly changed the subject.
“Heard about the mining crew down on the old Creler-nest shaft? I hear they declined an offer to work for Wall Lady Tielma. Are you going to snap them up? I’ll make them an offer, but if you want another crew as good as they are—”
“I did make them an offer already.”
“Damn. How much? Mind trading me a [Foreman] or two?”
“I’m afraid you misunderstand. I was rejected. Flat out. I fear this team might try to finance themselves and work independent of any support. We might be seeing the growth of an independent mining operation soon, Brilm. Doesn’t that worry you?”
