6.32
Page 8
“After listening to that song I’ll call her the Countess of Catchy Music. She’s growing in popularity. And these song-stones are hers. A [Merchant] brought some to me and I brought all three.”
“There are more?”
Ilvriss was interested. Brilm held his claw up, protecting his bag of holding.
“Not so fast! I have to show my guests something. You’ll like the last song. It’s good too. But I only have three of these crystals. They’re rare. Obviously; it’s a magical recording of a performance. I had to pay dearly for it. I gather it’s only really catching on around Terandria, where this Queen of Pop is based. But if she puts out more music like that—she’ll get my business.”
Ilvriss nodded absently. It might be good to look into. He eyed Brilm.
“You are a hawk for the newest trends, Human or not. You’re planning to back this Human financially, aren’t you?”
“You make your businesses prosper, Ilvriss. I respect that. I find new business and invest in it.”
The other Wall Lord studied his claws, looking pleased with himself. He gestured to the first crystal.
“Sure you don’t want to give the first song a try? I had the same reaction as you, but after a few more listens—I like it.”
“Have some taste.”
Ilvriss rolled his eyes good-naturedly as he reached for his reports. He skimmed through them as Brilm stowed the gemstones. And Ilvriss resolved to get a copy of the song if at all possible. It was why it was good to have Brilm as a close friend; if he invested in this [Singer], Ilvriss would be able to get any number of song-crystals from him.
It wasn’t a new concept, storing music in an artifact to be played later. Like the rat-catching flutes and so on. But storing it in a stone? That was somewhat novel. Could you record pictures in one? No—Ilvriss suspected that the quartz would lose the imprint of the music within a month. Even rocks forgot. He wondered if Brilm knew.
He was about to tell the Drake that when a report caught his eye. The [Secretary] had placed it near the top of the pile and Ilvriss saw why at once. Brilm looked up as Ilvriss laughed.
“Something catch your eye?”
“Ah. I don’t know if you know, but Liscor’s going through a democratic phase. They’re planning on having elections.”
“Hah. That is funny.”
Ilvriss shook his head.
“No. See here. One of the candidates, a Gnoll, is getting backed by the Antinium.”
“Less funny.”
Alarmed, Brilm sat up. He peered at the report.
“Hang on, this is a copy of a message. From that Olesm Swifttail my [Strategist] was ranting about the other day. Did you hear? He was apparently vouching for Goblins to be—”
“Brilm, just read.”
The Wall Lord fell silent for a second and skimmed Olesm’s introduction to his latest newsletter. Ilvriss laughed to himself as he read it upside down.
“You see? He’s apologizing. But—”
“The election in his city. I see. He’s warning us all. You know this Olesm Swifttail?”
Brilm slid the paper back, looking slightly respectful. Ilvriss nodded. He looked fondly at the letter, picturing Olesm in his mind.
“Clever lad. Bring up the Raskghar to make this an issue of security. And mix an apology with some astute commentary on the Antinium. Well done.”
“It’s more than astute. It’s essential! Dead gods, those idiots at Liscor—I knew they were touched to let Antinium build a Hive below their city, but they’ll let them expand their Hive? Allow more Antinium into the city? Madness! We have to back this Lism fellow.”
Brilm urgently flipped through the newsletter, his neck spines standing on end. Ilvriss frowned, reading another page himself.
