6.32
Page 37
“Acid jars, Seborn. Really nasty. Perfect for a [Rogue]! Tell you what, come on through, and the first two drinks are on me. Please? I can’t keep this door open too long or the guys in Pallass will kill Kel. And that’s probably a bad thing.”
She held out a hand. Seborn looked at it. Jelaqua looked at Moore. He wavered. Seborn chose for them. He grasped Erin’s hand and let her pull him up. He looked at his teammates.
“I’m tired of sleeping on carts. We can say goodbye twice.”
Erin beamed. Jelaqua laughed. And Moore was just as fast to put the door on the ground and clamber through—after responsibly hitching the mules to a tree. They walked into the inn and stared around. Erin changed the door back to Pallass to hear a roar of fury from the door.
“What was that?”
“Door change! Sorry!”
“We missed part of the play!”
“Well, you can watch the rest! Look!”
Erin pointed at the stage, exasperated. One of the Gnolls on the other sides of the door drew in a breath to howl, and then he broke off. He pointed with one paw at a new group standing by the door.
“Is that—the Flamewarden’s Captain, Keldrass?”
“Maybe? Hey! Keldrass!”
Erin wandered away from the door. She laughed as she saw the Oldblood Drake talking with a few more adventurers. He looked up and his jaw dropped as he saw the Halfseekers. He immediately grabbed Bevussa and towed her over.
“Jelaqua! I thought your team had left!”
“You know how it is! Magical doors! Bevussa! Erin just appeared and dragged us through! What’s this about an election? And why’re you here?”
“Erin called us over. To talk about acid flasks. Not that I would have missed this for anything. In fact, we’re lucky she called for us; there’s a line outside the inn and no one can enter!”
Bevussa pointed a claw at the door. Jelaqua looked outside and did a double-take. Erin rubbed her hands together, and gestured to the three adventurers. Seborn was already sitting at the bar and Moore was sneaking up on Mrsha, who was sniffing the air with wide eyes.
“Hey! The more the merrier! And I called you all here today to unveil my latest product. Which is really my oldest product. Hey Lyonette! Acid flask?”
“Coming!”
The [Princess] hurried over, albeit watching the green bottle in her hands very carefully. Erin took it from her and showed it to the adventurers.
“See this? Acid flasks. Or jars. We’re selling them at twelve silver coins a flask. Extremely cheap given what it can do. And the price is going up—”
“Wait, that’s all acid?”
Bevussa recoiled from the jar. Erin nodded.
“Pure, uncut, Acid fly juice. You know, the stuff they explode with when you swat them?”
“I’m not familiar. How corrosive is this? I’ve bought [Alchemist] acids before and I haven’t been too impressed. This stuff can’t be too potent or it would eat through the glass, right?”
Keldrass eyed the green liquid sloshing about inside. Lyonette smiled and took the bottle back from Bevussa, who was tossing it up and down experimentally in one claw.
“Well, I’m told one can kill a Ghoul in less than a minute. And Erin took down the boss of Liscor’s crypt with one. It melts through organic material in seconds. Not glass or metal. If you want me to demonstrate—”
Jelaqua recoiled when Lyonette dosed a sausage in it and the liquid practically melted the food. Lyonette turned a bit pale herself; Erin looked over and made a face.
“Ooh yeah. That’s as bad as I remember.”
“You let me toss that in the air? I could have killed myself!”
Bevussa was horrified and delighted. She looked at the melted remains of the sausage.
