6.32
Page 16
Pallass’ citizens turned. They blinked at the strange, round object that Erin was holding. A pizza. Selys recognized it at once. Just a pizza. She must have eaten at least ten already, so it was no surprise to her. Big, round crusts, warm, melted cheese and slices of salami—it looked good. Even if Selys wasn’t hungry. But for some reason, it stopped Pallass’ crowd in their tracks. The [Smiths] arguing over weights looked up. So did Grimalkin.
“Pizza? What’s that?”
Erin innocently raised it over her head, waving at Maughin and Bealt and the [Smiths].
“I thought I’d bring some out. As a thank-you. Come on over and have a slice! You don’t need a plate, but I do have napkins.”
The [Smiths] looked bemused, but some of them who knew what was what by now pushed forwards, including Bealt. Maughin had to edge forwards slowly so he wouldn’t crush any toes, but Relc wasn’t so restrained. He dropped the weight bar at once and punched a fist up in delight.
“Aw yeah, pizza! Grimalkin, buddy, get over here. You have to try this.”
He towed the [Mage] forwards. Erin offered the platter and Relc pulled off a gooey slice, crowing in satisfaction. He lifted it up and took a bite.
“So good! Erin, I love you. This is free, right?”
“Free for my friends! Don’t you dare take another slice! Grimalkin, want one?”
The [Mage] looked bemused as she watched Relc holding his slice on his scaled palm.
“You don’t use a plate? Ah—like Lizardfolk walking foods. I had something like this on Baleros, but they were skewers.”
“I’ve got a napkin if you don’t like greasy palms. Here.”
Erin expertly flipped a bit of cloth onto Grimalkin’s hand and offered him a slice. He took it, bit into it, and his eyes widened.
“Hm! Better than that sugary stuff! Fascinating. And quite good!”
“Right? Can I have another slice, Erin? Please? Please?”
“I’ve got one pizza! No! Maughin, here.”
Erin lifted her platter off, fending Relc’s claws back with her free hand. The Dullahan delicately took a slice with one huge hand and lifted it up. Erin lowered it and offered the pizza to Bealt and the other [Smiths]. Three [Smiths] and an apprentice snatched the last four slices. There was a moment as everyone watched the eight chewing and Selys felt a rumble in her stomach. Then Maughin smiled.
“Hot. Good food. Too much cheese for me, but its novel.”
“I like it.”
Bealt was wagging his tail hard. So was Relc, and the other [Smiths] all gave silent thumbs-up. The crowd, eying the wagging tails, looked at the empty platter. Someone—the supercilious Gnoll—coughed.
“You wouldn’t happen to have another one of those, would you, Miss? Where is that from? I’ve never heard of it. Some kind of local dish?”
“Nah. It’s just new. I mean, I haven’t seen anyone else selling it. And sure! I’ve got at least three more in the inn. Want to try them? Say, eight copper a slice?”
“One silver’s easier! One silver!”
Lyonette hissed at Erin as she rushed three more pizzas out of the kitchen. Liscor’s crowd watched, bemused, as Erin grabbed the pizzas and began doling them out on handkerchiefs.
Selys bit her tongue. One silver for a pizza slice? But Pallass’ citizens didn’t even object. They pulled out silver coins and practically tossed them at Erin, even fighting to get the pizza slices before they were consumed. And after the lucky twenty four had gotten their slices, a call went up for more.
“What is it? Good? I’ve never seen anything like it. And I was in Oteslia just last week!”
