6.33 E
Page 11
Another frown. The woman felt at Durene’s brow. Then she shook her head.
“Your fever’s broken. Tomorrow, if you’re well, we’ll let you stand up. Please don’t get up. I’m tired of having to chase you down.”
“You’ve done it before?”
“Six times already. You don’t remember? You keep looking for your cottage. Or this [Emperor] of yours.”
The woman smiled drily. Durene blushed. She lay in bed as the woman checked her scar and then dabbed something cool from the bowl over it.
“I’m sorry. But I’m awake now.”
“Yes. You are. And since you’re still awake, I suppose you could do with some food.”
Durene considered that.
“I am hungry. Do I have to stay in bed for that too?”
“Yes. Although you may sit up.”
So saying, the [Healer] left the room. Durene sighed and sat up. After an interminable amount of time where Durene just stared vacantly at the weird mixtures and the mortar and pestle on the table across from the bed, she heard the footsteps and saw the [Healer] come into the room with a large bowl.
“A stew. Let’s see you keep this down.”
“That’s not much. I could eat three bowls. I’m ravenous.”
The woman blinked at Durene. The girl blushed. She ate a lot, but it wasn’t as if she gained weight—well, not fat. The [Healer] shook her head.
“No matter how you feel—here. Do you need a hand?”
Durene shook her head. She took the spoon, lifted the bowl up, and began to eat. There were bits of meat floating in the lentil stew. It was hot, good—she barely tasted it. The stew would have burned Laken’s tongue, but Durene had finished the bowl in under a minute. The [Healer] looked shocked. Durene smiled, a touch smugly.
“Told you.”
“Can you keep it down?”
“Of course!”
The woman folded her arms.
“Give it fifteen minutes.”
“Can I stand up while I wait?”
“No.”
“Then can I do something? I’m bored.”
The woman considered this.
“Wait.”
She left the room and came back quicker this time. Silently, she handed Durene a book. The [Farmer] turned [Paladin] blinked at it.
“What’s this?”
“A book. If you need to entertain yourself, use this.”
Durene hesitantly stroked the cover. The book was bound expertly and it wasn’t nearly as worn as the trio of books she’d seen on Miss Yesel’s shelf. She opened it and saw a lot of neat words arranged on the page. They blended together seamlessly on crisp paper. Durene’s eyes widened.
“This must be expensive!”
“Mildly. You may borrow it. I’ll take your bowl.”
The [Healer] did just that. She left the room and came back to see Durene paging through the book restlessly. The girl closed it, embarrassed, and the [Healer] frowned.
“Not to your taste?”
“No…but it’s just that it’s a lot of words. And I can’t—er—”
“Ah.”
The woman looked at Durene’s blush, then the book. She instantly understood what Durene was saying. Durene hung her head in shame. She couldn’t read it. She knew her basic letters and numbers, but a book wasn’t something she’d ever owned. She didn’t know if anyone in Riverfarm—the old Riverfarm—could read that well either. Mister Prost could, and a few others, but reading wasn’t a necessary skill. The [Healer] briskly took the book back from Durene.
“That’s fine. I suppose there’s no help for it. If you wish, I will read to you. Otherwise, I can ask and see if there’s something you can do with your hands. Knitting? Carving?”
“I wouldn’t mind knowing what the book was about. If it’s no bother, Miss.”
