6.33 E
Page 10
The next time Durene woke up, it was in her bed. She stared up at the ceiling and realized the rain had stopped. This time she felt much, much more awake. And finally, there was someone in the room. A woman with her back to Durene, dressed in green and yellow clothing, was mixing something in a bowl behind Durene. The girl blinked at the unfamiliar back and sat up.
“Um. Hello?”
The woman whirled about, jumping in shock. She had a stern face. Her eyes widened as Durene swung herself out of bed.
“You’re awake.”
“Yup. Sorry for the inconvenience.”
Durene didn’t know how they’d gotten her back into bed. But she felt better after another sleep. Not as thirsty. And much cooler. She got to her feet. The woman’s eyes widened.
“You shouldn’t be able to get up! We haven’t been able to treat your wound with healing potions, not since it was infected—lie back down!”
“I’m fine. It doesn’t feel bad. I don’t want to be a bother.”
Durene muttered as she looked around the room. She shook her head; her legs felt wobbly, but she felt sure she could make it back to her cottage at least. She walked around the bed and the woman blocked her.
“Absolutely not. You’re finally getting better, but you’re far too weak.”
“I can walk. Really.”
Durene sat on the bed because the only other option was to pick the woman and put her to one side and that was fairly rude. The woman—was she the [Healer]?—pursed her lips.
“You can talk and walk. That’s impressive, I’ll grant you. I wouldn’t expect even a Gold-rank adventurer to do that so soon.”
“It was just a fever.”
The half-Troll girl smiled uncertainly. The [Healer]’s brows shot up. Durene anxiously looked down at her chest. But the bandage on her chest had disappeared and the red gash on her front was only a tiny bit enflamed. The [Healer] noticed the look and nodded.
“You’re pulling together faster than you have any right to. Conscious and able to get up?”
“I can walk if you want me to.”
Durene informed the woman calmly, a bit nettled by the strict tone. Maybe the [Healer] was used to patients other than [Farmers]. She was fine. Three days out of commission was bad enough. The [Healer] just shook her head.
“Lie back down.”
“But I—”
“No arguments. If you can get up tomorrow, I may let you move about. Your injury closed in two day’s span from what it was. That’s healing power. And if that’s so…one day of rest.”
“A day? In bed?”
The thought horrified Durene. She moved to get up again, but the [Healer] placed a hand on her shoulder.
“[Healer]’s orders. I insist.”
“I understand, Miss. But I can’t just sit here and—”
“[Order of the Samaritan]. Lie down.”
The woman’s eyes flashed. Durene found herself laying back and pulling the sheets over herself before she knew what she was doing. She blinked up at the woman. The [Healer] sighed.
“You used a Skill on me?”
“I’ll use more if I have to. I don’t intend to lose you, not after a battle that hard-fought.”
That seemed like a poor reason. Especially because Durene had lost that battle. So had the army. The half-Troll girl closed her eyes for a moment, remembering. That was why the woman was here.
“Fine. I’ll stay in bed. Don’t worry about me. You’re tending to the others, right?”
“Others?”
The woman looked blank as she reached for her poultice or whatever was in the bowl. Durene’s head rose a bit and she frowned.
“The others from the battle. How’re they doing?”
The [Healer] had a very odd look on her face as she turned.
“Them? They’re fine. I’ve seen to them already.”
“Oh. Well, don’t let me keep you. I’m right as rain. Sorry I walked out yesterday.”
“Of course.”
