6.33 E
Page 5
“Not yet, I think. The north is in more turmoil. They’ve started a political war amongst themselves. I have no doubt it will develop further as the nobles return to their estates. If this is Magnolia Reinhart’s scheme to take advantage of this in a way that harms us, it is hard to see. Whether it benefits her in the north though…”
Luciva raised her claw to prevent someone else replying. All eyes fastened on her again. The Dragonspeaker nodded.
“So. Back to my question. Is this a prelude to war?”
“Perhaps not against all the north. But Tyrion Veltras has made his position clear.”
Wall Lord Makhir growled and the others nodded. So did Luciva.
“As have many peers of the north. Let us say Lady Magnolia Reinhart is averse to war. She and her faction do not represent the north. And it is humanity, once again, which has launched an assault that was unprovoked. Do we agree on this as well?”
“Hm. I do.”
“Barring the usual tensions? I do.”
“Sunken ship. Two murders of Human [Merchants] on the roads. Hm—we have not had a major war save for the Terandrian incursion four years back, and that was only backed by Izril’s nobility, which they disavowed quickly. This was unprovoked, I agree.”
Spearmaster Lulv drummed his claws on the table.
“Tyrion Veltras does have a reason. His wife.”
The table fell silent. After a moment, the female Gnoll shook her head.
“That was nearly four years past. He may have cause I grant, but those who followed him even when it became clear that Liscor was the target have no excuse. Unprovoked I say.”
The rest agreed. So did Luciva. She spread her claws on the table.
“So. Leaving out what must be done in Liscor, the fault with Pallass, Magnolia Reinhart as an individual I ask this question of you eight: given the unprovoked assault on our people, should we reply?”
And then there was silence. The eight paused. After a moment, Lulv spoke up.
“I am against it. Let the north tear itself apart for months or a year. Our interference might unite them.”
“And if we do not reply? Will another Walled City? They must know we have teeth, or how else will they back away? These are not rationed foes. They are like dogs, circling, testing. They must have blood drawn or they will come back with less fear.”
Makhir clenched a paw into a fist at his table. The Gnoll Wall Lady nodded. Two more Drakes nodded; another dissented. The female Drake flicked her claws at the map.
“I agree with Wall Lord Lulv. If we reply, we risk inciting a conflict. And we cannot risk it. Not with the Antinium.”
She looked around the suddenly quiet table. A few of her peers grudgingly nodded, but Luciva didn’t. The Dragonspeaker looked to her left, at the youngest Drake, the only one not to make her feelings plain at this point. She nodded to her.
“Rafaema. Your thoughts?”
The Drake was poking at the geography of the continent. She looked up, blinking, as the other Protectors of the Wall looked at her expectantly. Her tail swished—in embarrassment?—and she replied in the same, clear, definitive voice.
“If they attack us, we attack back. It’s as simple as that, isn’t it? Why are you all debating about it?”
Without hesitation. Manus’ Protectors of the Wall glanced at each other. And one by one, they nodded. All except Lulv and the female Wall Lady. The rest had been swayed though, and they turned to Luciva. They didn’t need to voice their opinions; she had eyes.
The Dragonspeaker nodded. She closed her own eyes, thinking for a long moment. And her wings and tail stirred. The others waited. After a minute, then two, Luciva silently opened her eyes.
