6.33 E
Page 6
“It is an action that cannot be ignored. The north must answer.”
A sigh, and that was all. It was done. Lulv grimaced, but beyond that he listened as Luciva went on.
“We will take the lead in this. The other Walled Cities may know of it—and we may request the best fliers of their city. The True Oldbloods are needed. Manus’ children need not bear the entirety of the risk alone.”
“You intend to go forwards with our first plan of ruination?”
“It is the one we decided upon. There is no need to adjust it.”
“Which one is that? I forget?”
Rafaema’s question was answered by Lulv as he leaned over. Luciva ignored the whispering and went on, speaking names which got nods. A few suggestions were made, more names floated along with the cities the Drakes hailed from. But the majority of the work had been done in the decision-making. The names and plan itself had already been meticulously thought-out and prepared for execution. Manus’ elite didn’t waste more frivolous time talking.
“Thank you for your counsel. I will give the order.”
Luciva bade them all farewell one by one. A few of the Protectors of the Wall stopped to talk with her or exchange a brief goodbye among themselves; the rest filed out, returning to their homes and other duties quietly. This meeting had most certainly happened, but none of them would ever talk about it.
Only one Drake lingered in the room afterwards with Dragonspeaker Luciva. She was hunting for something she’d dropped. It turned out to be her personal bag of holding, under her chair. Luciva patiently let her fasten it to her belt, and nodded as the young Drake turned.
“What do you make of this, Rafaema? Was that a wise decision, or not?”
Rafaema turned, looking surprised. After a moment she shrugged slightly, and a bored, even tired expression crossed her face.
“It’s fairly normal to me. Humans have always been Humans. The Antinium bother me more. They’re new.”
She frowned. Luciva nodded seriously. The Antinium were a threat two decades old, but they marked a change in the balance between Gnolls, Drakes, and Humans that had existed for ages.
“Spearmaster Lulv and General Milka were correct in saying that a war with Humans would be disastrous. The Antinium would not be idle. We risk much by provoking them, even in reply.”
She was stating the obvious. Rafaema nodded, tilting her head from side to side, regarding the magical map on the table. She considered Luciva’s statement, then turned around and shrugged.
“Maybe. But then they would get away with it. And why would we ever allow that?”
And that was that. It was a pure answer, without second thoughts attached. Luciva nodded.
“Thank you for your time. No doubt my peers took your words to heart.”
“I just said what I felt. See you, Luciva. Um…sorry about Hedica.”
“Thank you.”
Rafaema left. That just left Luciva, standing at the table. She looked back towards her passage, that would lead her up, to a place where she could give the orders that would set the plan in motion. But she didn’t go right away. Instead, she sat back in her seat and leaned on the table, ignoring the magical geography her arms and head rested on. She didn’t know if she’d made the correct decision.
That was why she had called this meeting, to deliberate over one point. Had grief swayed her judgment? Had they been right to listen to Rafaema’s opinion? Luciva didn’t know, but she had made her choice and she had learned not to second-guess herself. She rested her head on the table, taking some small relief in the fact that no one would intrude on her here, at least not for a bit.
