6.33 E
Page 9
Slowly, Durene opened her eyes. She was hot all over. And…weak. The fever wasn’t broken yet. But she was oh, so very thirsty. And someone had put a bandage on her chest. Durene frowned at it. She couldn’t ever remembering having a cut that needed anything like that.
Normally even the worst cuts she’d had closed in a few days. And were they tending to her with a [Healer]? She vaguely recalled Wiskeria saying that. That was…nonsense. All Durene needed was some broth, some time, and she’d be right as rain. The worst of the fever was over.
The patter of rain distracted Durene. She sat up unsteadily. The world swam, but she was very, very parched.
“Thirsty.”
She didn’t remember getting out of bed, but she did feel each step in the unfamiliar…room? Yes, it was a room. And here was a door. Durene pushed it open. The rain. She just had to find—
The room past her bedroom looked foreign. New. One of the houses in Riverfarm? Someone had set up a lot of strange equipment here. Clean linens, needles, glowing potions—even scissors and a thin saw for some reason. Strange. Durene stared at it all and then saw the door. It was so close.
Step. Step. Durene chanted to herself, grabbing at a passing chair for support. It groaned under her weight.
“Door. Thirsty. Step. Door—”
And there it was. Durene leaned on the handle and it opened. She saw the rain coming down in sheets. The landscape was dark, and a bolt of lightning arced down in the distance. It threw the world into relief. Durene saw a row of houses opposite her. A familiar mountain in the distance. Yet the houses were foreign. But the rain was familiar, and when she stepped into it—
Durene sighed. It cooled her skin, soaked the bandage on her chest and her light clothing. She opened her mouth, letting the rain fall into it. How long she stood there, gulping down rain, she couldn’t have said. But then Durene heard a scream.
“Monster!”
Someone shouted it from afar. Durene’s eyes opened with a snap. She looked around. A monster? Instinctively she looked for the long greatclub she’d been using. But it was gone. Durene’s hands curled into fists. They would do. She stepped forwards—
And saw a girl pointing at her down the street. The child was standing in the door of a house down the street, light at her back. Pointing at Durene. Slowly, Durene stopped. She saw someone rush to grab the girl, a man, and more doors flicker open. The call of ‘monster’ was taken up for a second by another voice, and then someone roared.
“Durene!”
Swaying, the half-Troll girl turned. Prost ran towards her, ignoring the rain that soaked his clothing. He grabbed at her as she leaned on the doorframe.
“What are you doing?”
“I’m thirsty.”
He stared at her. Durene blinked at him. Her chest felt worse than before. The dull pain was back. And the water wasn’t helping. He looked around.
“Get the [Healer]. And shut up whoever’s shouting that. You five, help me bring her inside.”
“I can walk.”
Weakly, Durene protested. Prost looked at her. Durene shook her head.
“I don’t need to be a bother, Mister Prost. I can walk back to my bed.”
“You’re sure?”
Durene smiled. The concern in Prost’s voice reminded her of…a long time ago.
“Yeah. I’ll just—”
She took a step and let go of the doorframe. The world spun.
 
Day 4 – Durene
 
