6.33 E
Page 16
She held up a finger as Durene started for it. The girl turned. Pirose frowned.
“You’ll do some tests and I’ll ask you some questions before I’m satisfied you’re well. Don’t lie. I have a truth stone for difficult patients.”
“I’m fine. Really. I feel great. A bit weak, but I can do anything you want.”
Durene patted one arm. Pirose put down her cup.
“You can prove it to me. Take a breath.”
She ran a series of quick tests, from listening to Durene’s lungs as the girl breathed in and out to making Durene stand on one leg and answer some questions about her childhood. Pirose didn’t seem convinced Durene was fully recovered; she asked about the color of Durene’s urine and even what her other leavings looked like this morning, and she forced Durene to strip.
Blushing fiercely, Durene let her inspect the scar with practiced fingers and answered truthfully that she could barely feel the fingers. Pirose might have kept asking questions, but for the strength test; when she handed Durene a length of thin firewood and asked her to snap it, the half-Troll girl, exasperated, picked up a log and snapped it in half.
The spray of splinters shot across the room and into the fireplace. Pirose stared. Durene hadn’t even used her knee; she’d just flexed the wood and it had split like that. She stared at the wood; it wasn’t even that dry. Durene abashedly dropped the wood pieces.
“Sorry about the mess.”
“Well, that proves that. You have a Skill? You must. Even for your size, that was impossible.”
“I do um, have a Skill. [Enhanced Strength].”
Pirose’ eyes widened.
“On top of your natural body? Dead gods. One wonders how you were ever hurt to begin with. You could have killed a warrior in steel plate with your fists.”
“I fought the Goblin Chieftain. I think he was their leader. He had an enchanted axe. I nearly got him. But he got me.”
Durene frowned and sat down in a chair. Pirose silently regarded her, and then the wood littering her floor.
“That’s a battle as I understand it. But you’ve satisfied me that your body’s well. If tomorrow I check and your scar’s nearly healed, I’ll consider you fit for anything.”
“Thank you. Again.”
Pirose smiled softly.
“It was my duty. No more, no less.”
She showed Durene where the broom was and the two were finishing sweeping up the wood splinters when a sharp rapping came from the door. Someone opened it before either woman could answer and a voice called out.
“Durene! You’re awake!”
The half-Troll girl turned. She saw a flash of dark red, a sweeping dress patterned with silver. Beautiful, costly fabric, something completely alien to Riverfarm. A face with skin not roughened by weather. Painted nails, lilac-touched lips. And two sparking indigo irises. The mouth lifted into a delighted smile as Lady Rie Valerund walked, no glided towards Durene. The girl froze up instinctively, but Rie threw her arms around Durene and hugged her.
“Rie?”
“It’s a delight to see you, Durene. No—a miracle. After your third fever I thought—Miss Pirose, can she be on her feet so soon?”
Lady Rie turned to Pirose, looking mildly alarmed. The [Healer] inclined her stately head, combining a nod with a slight curtsey for Lady Rie.
“I judge her to be almost recovered, Lady Valerund. When the sickness was defeated, her strength came in a rush it seems. She went from barely lucid to being able to stay up nearly a day yesterday. This morning she rose before me.”
“Amazing. Truly. We owe you a debt of gratitude, Miss Pirose. If there is anything I or the demesne of Riverfarm can do for you…his Majesty wishes it to be known that no reward is too small.”
