6.33 E
Page 13
“Listen. I’m going to read this book to you, unless you object?”
The woman’s brows raised. Durene yelped.
“What, for the rest of the day? Until I go to sleep?”
“That’s part of my job. And it’s why I’m here. I want to see how long you can stay up.”
“I can stay up all day, thanks. You’ll read that entire book and then some.”
The half-Troll girl folded her arms. The [Healer] just shook her head.
“That remains to be seen. Now, sit there until your stomach’s digested that food. Don’t lay back or it may come up.”
She opened the book. Durene settled against the backboard, comfortably. She felt odd and couldn’t place why. Then she realized that not once had the [Healer] looked askance at her skin. And she looked completely normal around Durene. Well, she had been tending to her for three days. The [Healer] opened the book, licking one finger as she flicked to the first page.
“Very well. Let me know if you feel sick or ill at any moment. Ahem.”
 
Five days into the storm that raged across the sea, and the ships still sailed on. One ahead, five behind. The Bloodtear Pirates, one of the most feared and dangerous [Pirate] navies in the world, were in hot pursuit of the Waveblade, the stalwart vessel captained by Gallheart herself, a Drake with two scars across her face, one of the finest [Ship Captains] to ever leave Zeres’ harbor. 
She stood on the bow of her ship where she had lashed herself to the wheel, and still she steered her ship onwards, though it had been five days since the storm began and she had neither slept nor abandoned her post.
 
Durene’s eyes widened as the [Healer] turned a page. The woman’s voice was soft, and she was no natural reader, but the words and language were unlike any story Durene had ever heard told. It had form, structure—it wasn’t a fireside tale, but something as good as the travelling [Storyteller] had told. No, better. The [Healer] smiled as Durene sat up. She began the second page.
 
The storm blew even fiercer, threatening to drown the ships. Yet the Bloodtear Pirates did not relent. The Waveblade had a treasure they sought, and so even as the waves threatened to capsize the ships with each swell, they sailed through them. Gallheart took her ship through one wave, and then the next. But the third caught her unawares and it bore down on them. She cursed as she looked up at the waters rushing down as one of the Bloodtear Pirate ships turned over, swept away by the water. 
“Damn them and this mission,” she swore. “If this is the end..!” 
And it was at that moment that the waters disappeared. The wave crashed down, but a hundred feet from bow to stern, the air was suddenly clear. Waveblade sailed through the wave as two more Bloodtear Pirate ships were broken by the massive wave. But someone had taken the waters that would have doomed Gallheart’s ship. She turned her head. 
And there he stood. The [Thief] of legends. He stood on her decks, smiling, his eyes, one real, one enchanted, glittering. Thivian Stormless. He swept Gallheart a bow. 
“Why the startled look, Captain Gallheart?” He laughed lightly. “Surely you didn’t forget the Lightning [Thief] was your guest of honor? If I can steal a bolt from the heavens, a wave is child’s play. Or didn’t you think the legends were true?” 
“If I thought the legends were true, I’d have wondered how Thrivian Stormless could have landed us in the worst storm this side of the century.” Gallheart snapped back. “Tell me this cargo’s worth it or I’ll throw you overboard now and damn our contract.”
