6.33 E
Page 20
“—when he decided you weren’t healing fast enough, he accelerated the infection rather than letting it heal naturally. If you’d just stayed and rested after the [Witch] who treated you gave you the first potion you’d have been fine. As it was, you survived. But it has been fifty one days.”
Durene stared. She looked around the table, at Prost’s grave face, Rie’s anxious one. At last the pieces fit. This house, Pirose being accustomed to living here—the houses she hadn’t recognized.
“What happened while I was gone? Tell me. Please?”
She whispered it, unsteady. Rie stood up. She laid a hand on Durene’s arm, gently.
“More than I can say, Durene. Don’t worry; Riverfarm isn’t in danger from the Goblins anymore. And—you may need to sit. There’s a lot that’s gone on that you need to know about. Where to begin? The Goblin Lord’s dead, for one. But the siege—well, it’s been complicated.”
“Siege? What siege?”
Another round of glances. Durene felt as though she were meeting the strange folk that Laken had summoned. The fae. She raised her voice. She couldn’t help it.
“Where’s Laken? I want to see him. He’s back now, right?”
It had been fifty one days. Surely he was back in Riverfarm from wherever he was gone? Why wasn’t he here? But the look in Prost’s eye—he shook his head.
“He’s still not back yet. Durene. He went down to Liscor. You know where that is?”
The name was only vaguely familiar. Durene’s heart sank.
“Isn’t that a Drake city?”
“The northernmost one. Right in the High Passes.”
“But that’s hundreds of miles away. He went there? Why? Did the Goblin Lord run that far? Why did Tyrion Veltras need trebuchets?”
Aghast, Durene looked around. Prost hesitated. Rie bit her colored lip.
“It was an entire event. And while I can assure you his Majesty is safe, Durene, it may be weeks before he returns still. And his prisoners will bring more trouble than I can imagine. As if we don’t have enough for him to deal with when he returns.”
“Prisoners?”
The world was shaking on its axis. Durene looked around, breathing faintly. She wanted to run, burst out of the door so Prost, Rie, Pirose, all of them would stop looking at her like this. Cautiously, as if she might explode from what they were keeping from her. Or lash out.
“Goblins. Hundreds of them.”
“Goblins?”
Durene’s incredulous, horrified look made Rie stand up again. She walked past Durene and poured herself some cold tea.
“We’ll explain everything. But before you leave, Durene, you must understand. Riverfarm’s changed. It’s larger. Much larger than you remember. And we have more problems to deal with. Emperor Laken Godart cannot return quick enough. So much is different. But Durene. It’s going to be alright.”
Rie laid a warm hand on Durene’s shoulder. The girl let it happen. She met Prost’s concerned gaze, and saw the reserve in Pirose’s eyes. And Durene held still. Laken was gone. He was gone. And she—she looked around and everything was different. So very different.
When she had gone to war, Riverfarm had been a collection of nearly six hundred people, already bursting at the seams, the remnants of a few villages banding together.
Today? It was over two thousand.
 

