6.33 E
Page 7
The decision had been made. The plan would work. Manus, and the Drake cities would have their vengeance for Tyrion Veltras’ aggression, at least in part. But today, all Luciva felt was grief.
 
 
Day 1 – Durene
 
She stood in front of the [Witch], the young woman wearing the pointed hat, swaying. The news of Laken’s disappearance, the loss from the battle, her yet-to-be-healed injury, all made Durene’s head swim. The girl was tall, strong, with a [Farmer]’s muscles and a build that came from her heritage. Her skin was cracked, grey, and rough. She was taller than almost any Human, six foot eight. And she was strong. But right now she could have been knocked over by a feather. Words were nearly doing the same trick.
“Where?”
The [Witch] frowned. She was young—although maybe older than Durene by a few years, three at most—and she was dressed in a long, dark blue robe. Her hat was pointed, and but for a broom and a crooked nose and some warts, she could have been a young version of the [Witches] that Durene had heard about in children’s stories. But Wiskeria’s business-like manner, intelligent eyes and spectacles were normally…normal. Now, though, she looked worried as she avoided the question.
“Where what?”
“Where are they?”
Durene was in no mood for questions. She clenched her hands and Wiskeria, mindful of being picked up and shaken like a rag doll again, backed up. Wiskeria wavered. At last, she answered, speaking quickly and eying Durene as the half-Troll girl swayed again.
“I don’t know exactly. Durene, you’re in no condition to move just yet. If you’re thinking of following them, forget it. They had Skills and horses. They were trying to catch Tyrion Veltras, I think. And if he’s where I think he is—”
“Just tell me where! In what direction did he go?”
Durene covered her face. She wanted to cry. Nothing was right in the world. She heard nothing for a moment, and then Wiskeria sat next to Durene. She put a hand on the Troll girl’s shoulder and Durene felt it trembling. She looked up and saw the desolation in Wiskeria’s eyes too. They’d failed. The two sat together for a moment, and then Wiskeria spoke.
“South. They’ve all gone south.”
“South…?”
The news hit Durene like a wall. She looked around. She barely knew where she’d woken up. Her chest throbbed. It had been healed, right? It looked—red. Inflamed. Like a really bad cut. Durene touched it and made a sound.
“I don’t feel well. You used a healing potion, right? I think I need another.”
She tried to open her shirt to see the injury. It was being given air to breathe. The scar looked bad. Red. Puffy around her grey, cracked skin. Wiskeria looked alarmed. She put a hand on Durene’s arm, trying to steer her towards the bed. But Durene was far too heavy for the [Witch] to move.
“Lie down, Durene. You’re still not healed. You’ve been sick. You need to rest, okay?”
“I need to go after Laken. I think…I’m healed, aren’t I?”
Durene sat automatically. She touched at her chest and winced. The blade had gone straight between her breasts. That Hobgoblin…it was hurting a lot more now. Wiskeria put a hand on Durene’s shoulder. Incredibly, when she pushed, Durene felt herself flop back. The bed groaned.
Durene’s head swam. Wiskeria appeared above her, looking worried.
“The healing potion worked. But it also caused complications. You have a good [Healer] tending to you. Just—rest. Let me get her. It’s good that you woke up. But you need to rest, Durene.”
“I have to find Laken.”
