6.33 E
Page 19
“Um—the next day I woke up and I was feeling a lot better. I could get on my feet, but Miss Pirose had me sleep. We read a book. And today I felt just fine.”
Durene looked around. She had a sinking feeling that something was off. The looks Prost and Rie were giving each other and her told her something was amiss. Both looked back at Pirose. The [Healer] shrugged.
“Her sense of time’s off, but her memory is quite good. There’s nothing to worry about. But you should tell her now.”
“Tell me what? Is something wrong?”
Rie nodded. She smiled tightly and smoothed her dress.
“You’re largely correct, Durene. All that happened. But I’m afraid you’ve misunderstood how long you were sick. It wasn’t a handful of days you were lying abed.”
Durene could see that. She frowned.
“How long was it then? A week?”
Prost and Rie shook their heads. Durene whistled.
“Two weeks? No, three? It can’t be longer than three.”
She looked from face to face. But their expressions were grave. Prost shook his head slowly.
“It’s been far longer than that, Durene.”
“But I remember…”
Durene broke off. That first day had been a blur of voices and pain. And now that she thought of it, the sky had been all too clear after that night of rain where she’d gone outside. But it couldn’t have been longer than three weeks, surely? She looked around, growing restless. Rie hesitated. It was Pirose who stepped in. The woman spoke calmly, putting down her cup.
“I can’t tell you how long you were initially sick for, Miss Durene. It took me two days to reach Riverfarm from the main force with Lord Veltras. I haven’t his movement Skills and I had to travel with an independent escort from his command. When I got here, the potions had accelerated the infection in your chest. It was into your lungs, and almost down to the bone. I didn’t think I could save you, even with my Skills and techniques. But somehow, you recovered, and faster than anyone could have dreamed. Even so, that healing process…have you seen people taken sick by infection?”
“Once. Davimy got cut bad around his leg. He took weeks before they had to cut off his leg. Then he got sick and died two days later. And sometimes I know it takes weeks, but you see a [Healer] and use poultices. You can move about unless it’s real bad.”
Durene muttered. Illness and infection wasn’t too common even in Riverfarm, what with potions. And when it happened it was bad. But…she looked up. At Rie.
“How long was I asleep? Just tell me.”
The [Lady] nodded and took a breath.
“Durene, you’ve been fighting your illness for fifty days. Today is the fifty-first day since the battle with the Goblins.”
The world spun. Durene put one hand on the table. Prost reached for her arm, but Durene stood up.
“That can’t be! Fifty one days? I was only out for a few days! A week! I would have remembered that. I—”
“You had a fever for weeks. Three, in fact. Each one worse than the last. When Prost found you in the rain, the last one was breaking. But while you had them, we thought you might die. You didn’t wake up. And the infection was so deep—I saw it. And I’ve never seen anyone survive a wound like that.”
Rie shuddered. Prost nodded, looking pale. Durene looked wordlessly at Pirose. The [Healer] nodded.
“The healing potions closed the wound, but the disease took root. And when that idiot adventurer—”
“Beniar.”
