6.33 E
Page 17
Lady Rie bowed slightly. Pirose paused.
“The offer by his…Majesty is most gracious. But I am paid by Lord Veltras for my services. I executed my duty to the best of my abilities, as I did with any patient. I am only glad Durene is so healthy.”
“Just so. Durene, please sit. You look well, but why risk it? Here. Prost will be here shortly. He is as delighted to see you as I, I’m sure. We’ve already spread the word that you’re on your feet; there are many waiting to greet you. But we shall take it slowly. You have so much to catch up on…”
Rie fussed over Durene, guiding her to one of the chairs in the small living room that was combined with the kitchen. Bemused, Durene sat, watching the [Lady] arrange her dresses to sit in a humble chair herself.
This was not the Rie that Durene remembered. The woman Durene recalled was just as elegant and beautiful, but the girl distinctly recalled hating Rie’s guts. Not least because Durene was convinced Rie was attempting to become closer to Laken than she had any right with Durene at his side.
She was exquisite, that Durene had to admit. Compared to the plain, honest folk of Riverfarm, a [Lady] like Rie was a brilliant, rare creature, exotic and wonderful. And scheming. She often tried to talk with Laken privately, or flatter him. And while he had ignored most of her attempts, Durene hadn’t missed any of it. How could she? It was obvious.
How did you seduce a blind man? With soft hands and a soothing voice. And that was what Lady Rie had and Durene didn’t. The half-Troll girl had been paranoid that Rie would manage to trick Laken in some way and she had hated Rie with all her heart—she’d had the feeling Rie regarded her as an obstacle, not as competition or a rival. And so Durene was naturally cautious, remembering their history.
But today—all of Durene’s jealousy and worries not only seemed to be groundless, but her old emotions also felt far away. Durene found herself smiling at Rie. She was so grateful to see a familiar face, and the [Lady] felt completely genuine.
“What’s been going on, Rie? Why are you so upset? I’ve only been out…half a week?”
“Half a—”
The [Lady] didn’t even blink at Durene not addressing her by her title, but she inhaled sharply. She looked at Durene, and then at Pirose, who made a face and shrugged. Durene looked from woman to woman and Rie was opening her mouth when the door opened.
“Durene? Are you—”
A weathered man stepped into the room. Prost was every bit as worn from his old class—[Farmer]—as any of the men and women Durene knew. But he was stalwart despite it all and of late, he looked taller. More distinguished. And certainly kinder than the man Durene had known. Indeed, when he saw Durene he strode over and hugged her as well!
“Durene! Girl. It’s a sight for sore eyes to see you on your feet. But should you be out of bed?”
“I’m fine, Mister Prost. Really! I feel as strong as ever. I’m sorry to have worried you!”
She must have been really badly hurt, for all of them to be so anxious. Durene smiled and the man stepped back, looking her up and down. His eyes fixed on the top of Durene’s scar and she blushed. He looked away hurriedly. Pirose made a disapproving sound.
“We need to get you into proper clothing.”
Lady Rie nodded at the thin dress Durene wore. The girl nodded, and only now wondered whether the clothes had come from. They fit her well and there hadn’t been anyone close to her height or build in Riverfarm.
