6.33 E
Page 0

Day ?
 
Dawn struck the city of Manus, illuminating the tops of the buildings first and working its way down the Walled City. It took a while for the sun to reach the center, the secret center of the city where they gathered. And that was fitting; even light could not so easily find Manus’ heart.
And those that walked in the keep, one of the most secure places in the world, did not begrudge the lack of sunlight. They had artificial light of magic and fire; if they longed for the sun, the security of this place, this city, was a welcome trade.
For their city was Manus. It was no Salazsar with its simpering impractical architecture, or even Pallass’ unoriginal, boxed design. Oteslia? Waiting to be burned. Fissival? Weakest of the Walled Cities—practically a miracle it hadn’t been destroyed yet, hah! Zeres?
Zeres was pretty good. But the minds who’d designed Manus had been determined to build a city that would never fall. And, to be fair to them, it hadn’t, which was considerable in itself because Manus, perhaps as a product of destiny or bad luck (to their enemies), was based right on the border zone next to the five Hives and land claimed by the Antinium during the First Antinium War.
For proof of that, you had only to look to Manus as a city and compare its design to that of the other cities. Not even Manus’ design—a many-sided star that allowed its walls to overlap and hit any threat—but the way the wall had been built unlike every Walled City still standing.
The wall itself was slanted a few degrees outwards, so the tops of the wall put the bottom into shadow. And due to this unique miracle of engineering, it meant that anyone trying to slap a ladder against Manus’ outermost walls would have it fall on their heads by force of gravity alone.
And if they decided to hunker under the battlements, or try some other method of climbing up, the machicolations, the meurtrière—or as they were colloquially known, ‘murder holes’—built into the wall would allow the defenders to mercilessly assail those below with boiling oil, spell, arrow, or just a few rocks dropped from a height.
This overhang was a feature seldom seen in most architectures, let alone on this scale. It required exceptional engineering knowledge to pull off, or even describe. Overhang, machicolations, taluses, and so on—it was a language the defenders of Manus had inscribed into their lexicons. How else could you even describe a city like this?
Beyond the first wall was a glacis, and a secondary, inner wall on top of the incline, ready to fire upon the helpless invaders who had finally taken the outer wall, only to find that they were now exposed and facing a second wave of defenses from a situation deliberately designed to place them at the most disadvantageous position possible.
The outer wall protected the first, lowest layer of the city which could and would be sacrificed in time of attack. It was filled with buildings of course, mostly residential; the valuable architecture and goods lay past the second wall, in the heart of the city. Should the enemy somehow take that wall, they would still not seize Manus as easily as Pallass, with its open floors. An army might have a home ground advantage, but they would be demoralized fighting with an opponent that had summited the one major defense of the city. Manus’ soldiers on the other hand would simply retreat to another level of fortifications; that of the inner city itself.
