6.33 E
Page 18
“I can have someone fetch your clothes. And we’ve kept your cottage maintained—as well as we can with that bird attacking anyone on sight. As for the rest, we’ll get you sorted, don’t worry, Durene. You can take it slow these next few days. Assuming Mistress Pirose thinks it’s wise?”
“I’m leaving tomorrow if Durene continues to heal at this rate.”
Pirose replied blandly. She sat at the opposite side of the table as Durene, Lady Rie, and Prost sat around the dining room. Prost still looked incredibly relieved to see Durene on her feet, but Rie’s eyes were now flickering to Durene’s face, and a cautionary frown was written on her features. Durene felt her own hint of reserve return as she looked at the [Lady].
“What is it, Rie?”
The woman pursed her lips and looked at Pirose.
“How much do you remember, Durene? Or should I say, has Miss Pirose told you what’s been going on?”
“Nothing. But I remember everything. I remember the battle. Us losing—the Goblins beating us back. And that Hobgoblin with the axe.”
Durene closed her eyes. The room went quiet. Slowly, the [Paladin] remembered the battle. It had all being going so well. She’d been leveling up, they’d been harrying the Goblins—until they reached the city and took it in an hour. Then Durene and the army that Wiskeria had called for had camped, anxious, waiting for a fight until the Goblins started hurling rocks at them. Wiskeria had been nervous, debating whether it was time to attack. Then she’d gotten the message and they’d gone in. They’d been winning. Right up until—
“We lost. Right?”
Rie hesitated. It was Prost who nodded. His voice was low.
“We did. The Goblins overran our lines. We were retreating—we might have been wiped out but for Lord Veltras’ army. They saved us.”
“I remember. Wiskeria said. But was it really Tyrion Veltras? The Tyrion Veltras?”
Durene looked wide-eyed at Prost. He nodded, and his gaze reflected a touch of the awe she felt. Tyrion Veltras. He was a [Lord], perhaps the most important [Lord] in the north. A real war hero, a man who controlled a huge amount of land—he had sent his army to save Riverfarm?
“They pushed the Goblins back. And Lord Veltras himself rode to Riverfarm. He took out a group of Goblins that had tried to attack Emperor Laken. Well—it was more than that. But he showed up just in time and no one can deny that. We’d have lost you, everyone fighting the Goblins, and perhaps Riverfarm and his Majesty himself but for Tyrion.”
“And then Laken went with him. Why?”
That question had plagued Durene since she woke up. Prost and Rie exchanged a glance.
“They struck a deal. Lord Veltras needed Riverfarm’s trebuchets. They’re invaluable. Or rather, they were. His Majesty, Tessia, the engineering team—they all left after building as many trebuchets as they could. They went with the army.”
“To fight the Goblins?”
“Um. In part.”
Again, both older Humans looked at each other. Pirose just grimaced into her teacup. Rie’s fingernails absently flicked delicately. She looked at Durene.
“What else do you remember, Durene? Anything after that?”
“I—had a conversation with Wiskeria. She told me I was out for a week and that I couldn’t go after Laken. I guess I got sick again because I had to sleep. I remember having a fever the next day. I heard you talking—you were all pretty worried. And then I woke up and went out into the rain. Sorry about that, Mister Prost.”
The man nodded, blinking. He looked at Rie and she shook her head.
“Anything else?”
