6.33 E
Page 3
On her clawed feet were boots whose soles never touched the ground, made of a leather from a hide no one could name. And lastly she carried a glaive, the air around it crackling with an unspent thunder of electricity at her side. Manus’ people knew it as the Fang of Manus, but those who were privileged to wield it as a symbol of authority knew it by its old name. The first name, given to it when Manus was still new.
Parentkiller. 
It was said that it could damage Manus’ walls. All these things she carried, and they were heavy. The Drake set her glaive against the table and the eyes of the eight went to it for a moment. But they had seen it and her armor a hundred thousand times, so they made no comment and focused on her instead. The Drake had blue scales, as blue and pale as the open sky, mixed with white, and, a rarity, yellow. Three patterns gave her scales a quality as exotic as any Lizardperson’s, although that was an unspeakable insult to her and thus, the city.
Because she was Dragonspeaker of Manus. And beneath her armor of state, her clothing was black. The six Drakes and two Gnolls who filed into the room dared not speak at first, as Dragonspeaker Luciva Skybreath settled herself in her seat. She looked around heavily, meeting each eye. Then she began without preamble.
“We are here to discuss the Siege of Liscor. The battle that followed at the Bloodfields. And the ambitions of Tyrion Veltras. We have held our conclave en masse with all our peers. Let us talk frankly now. Your thoughts?”
The Lords and three Ladies of the Wall exchanged swift glances. Not of nerves; just waiting to see who had the most pressing opinion. That came from a Gnoll with half of his face damaged, his nose and cheek and jaw along his left side all scar tissue. He enunciated carefully, and his eyes were sharp despite the damage to the rest of his face.
“If I may, Dragonspeaker. We came close to disaster at Liscor. Pallass’ Assembly was slow to act and their idiocy could have cost us our gateway to the north. We have been complacent; that much has been discussed. In the coming days and weeks we shall question how and why Pallass was so lax, and, indeed, the circumstances under which the Humans obtained so many trebuchets. It bodes ill. But this has been discussed. I say we have averted disaster, though by no action by any Walled City but luck and Liscor’s own defenses. As for the battle at the Bloodfields, we were dealt a loss. But it was a small battle—”
He broke off, grimacing. His eyes flicked to Luciva’s and away. The table held its collective breath. Not a minute into the conversation and it had already been brought up, tactlessly. The Gnoll Wall Lord spoke in a pained voice.
“I beg your apologies, Dragonspeaker. I misspoke.”
Luciva went still for a moment. But then she shook her head quietly.
“No. I agree with your assessment, Wall Lord Makhir. It was a small battle. Larger than the ones we have fought in recent years, but small considering the scope of the wars we have traditionally had with the Humans. In centuries past, in the battles that first formed the Blood Fields, our armies held humanity off by the barest of margins, and the dead lay in such profusion…it was a small battle. If one that I consider beyond all acceptable cost.”
A small exhalation came from all those present. The Gnoll, Makhir, bowed his head.
“I agree. And yet, the remark was insensitive.”
“I take no offense, Makhir. No one here is to blame.”
