6.33 E
Page 12
Durene blushed again. She had to admit she dearly wanted to know what the lovely tome contained. The front was a title—she could make out a few words, but the fancy calligraphy and the plain, pale-purple binding didn’t tell her much. The [Healer] nodded.
“Very well. It is something of a good story. I’m rather taken with it myself. This is a chronicle of an adventurer’s life. The tales of Thivian Stormless, the Named Adventurer known as the Lightning [Thief]. Do you know of him?”
Wide-eyed, Durene nodded. That was an old name. An adventurer who’d passed away not too long ago. One of the names everyone knew of course. He’d died when she was…eight?
“He has a book? I remember hearing about him dying. They said he died at sea, fighting a horde of sea serpents. And they said he could still steal lightning as it fell from sky. Even Archmage Amerys’ lightning! Is that true?”
The [Healer] smiled.
“I think he died in his bed. But I do recall him as well and I even had the privilege of seeing him at a banquet once. He was a talented [Thief]; he stole any number of hearts even in his late years.”
“You saw him? Really?”
The [Healer] coughed, a blush rising to her cheeks.
“It was what prompted me to get the book. I will read it if you’d like.”
“Please. But—can I have another bowl of soup?”
On cue, Durene’s stomach rumbled. The [Healer] blinked.
“You’re hungry still?”
Her eyes darted to the bowl. It wasn’t a bowl meant for a single serving; you could fill half a pot in it. It was probably meant to hold salad, not soup. Durene was embarrassed, but nodded.
“I’m sure I can keep it down.”
“Well…let me get another bowl. I’ll read to you and if you’re still hungry…”
The [Healer] took the bowl and left. Durene sighed and sat against her bed. She felt at her chest; her skin was still tender. The injury really had been bad; normally her skin could shrug off even her kitchen knife when it slipped. That Hobgoblin with the axe…Durene closed her eyes. Then the door opened.
This time the [Healer] was back with a bowl of soup and half of a rounded loaf of crusted bread. Durene’s stomach rumbled loudly and she reached out. The [Healer] blinked as Durene tore into the bread. She kept the bowl and watched as Durene ate the loaf down.
“Eat slower. You’ll give your stomach a cramp.”
“I always eat like this. And I’m hungry.”
Durene complained. She reached out and after a moment’s hesitation, the woman handed her the bowl. The soup went down slower this time, but still quick. Durene tasted it and savored the bites; the bowl was gone in a few minutes. The [Healer]’s eyes widened as Durene handed her the bowl back.
“You weren’t exaggerating, were you?”
“I said I was hungry. I could do a third bowl. Probably.”
The woman opened her mouth. Then she just shook her head.
“You’ll wait an hour this time. But if you’re still hungry then, I’ll get you more. Dead gods. Have I been underfeeding you this entire time?”
“Everyone thinks I eat less than I do. It’s fine.”
Durene sighed. She sat back and the [Healer] sat across from her. The woman eyed her, and then opened the book she carried.
“Well, you’re certainly the most lucid I’ve seen you. Incredible, really. Your fever broke yesterday and you’re already able to stand.”
“That’s normal.”
“Not for someone who’s gone through what you have.”
Durene supposed that was true. An axe blow to the chest would put down most people, healing potion or not. She shrugged.
“I could really walk around honest.”
The woman pursed her lips.
“Tomorrow. As I said. You’re not to leave this bed except to use the bathroom.”
“Fine. But what will I do?”
