6.34 E
Page 26
“Stupid girls do that! No [Witch] I know will dance about naked anywhere! In a forest? Do you want insects biting you everywhere?”
The [Witch] shouted back. Durene, smiling, just headed into Riverfarm.
 
—-
 
“Wash? I can wash this. But—ergh! I’ll have to put it in the men’s pile. It’s too foul to go with the good linens.”
Miss Yesel recoiled when she saw and smelled Wiskeria’s robe. It turned out that Wiskeria either couldn’t smell or didn’t know that her cleaning spell only got the outer side of the robe. Durene wrinkled her nose.
“That’ll be fine, Miss Yesel. Can I have some uh, robes? I need them for Wiskeria.”
Mister Prost’s wife paused as she put the blue robes in a pile of strongly-scented clothing. Some of the other [Washers] doing the ceaseless job of scrubbing the clothing by the river looked up. A shadow flickered over Miss Yesel’s face.
“Wiskeria? Of course I can get some robes. Is she staying at your cottage?”
“That’s right. Is that a problem?”
“No…”
Yesel drew the word out as she found some robes for Durene. And the look in her eye told Durene the answer was yes. She had much the same expression she used to have when she’d see Durene in the village. Come to think of it—the woman treated Durene with respect, but she hadn’t ever apologized liked Prost had. Maybe for her there was nothing to apologize for. Either way, Durene didn’t feel as comfortable around the woman as Ram or Prost.
“It’s good that you did the delivery. Not that I’d turn anyone with such dirty clothing away, much less Wiskeria. But she isn’t much beloved in Riverfarm. Of course, a good number of those Lancrel troublemakers can’t stop running their mouths, but even Emperor Laken’s folk…”
She meant the original three villages that had come together under Laken’s banner. Durene nodded, but without any agreement.
“I understand that. But Wiskeria did her best. She was tricked! And it wasn’t her fault. We all fought. If we’d been—I’d been.”
She fell silent. Miss Yesel opened her mouth and cast a glance over her shoulder. Some of the [Washer] women were silent, or as pale-faced as Wiskeria had been in the graveyard. She clapped her hands briskly.
“Time’s been enough for maybes and if onlys, Durene, my dear. You did your best and no one faults you. Or Miss Wiskeria. It’s just as it is. Take some robes from that basket. We have enough and I’ll settle the complaints.”
She helped Wiskeria find some green robes that would probably clash with Wiskeria’s blue pointed hat. But Durene didn’t bother arguing. She was walking away from the river when she saw a woman in a dress sweeping towards her, with a burly man at her side.
“Durene! I hoped to see you! Do you have a moment?”
It was Lady Rie. Durene hadn’t seen her for a long time. Two days, in fact. The [Lady] briskly walked over despite the dress she wore. Her shoes were fancy but built for walking, and the dress she wore was green and had some kind of cobweb pattern in white near the bottom. It suited her very well, and the envious looks the other women gave her was proof enough. Durene didn’t care. Laken liked her.
And it was a mark of the changing times that Durene’s first response wasn’t to stiffen when Rie appeared, but actually relax and want to speak with her. The half-Troll girl eyed the big man accompanying Rie. He was…
Rie noticed Durene’s look. She turned to the man.
“This is Geram, Durene. You remember? My captain of the guard in my estates. He’s escorting me as my…assistant at the moment. He’s quite good at commanding attention.”
