6.34 E
Page 33
“After I’ve been asleep for fifty days? After he was gone—gone!—capturing Goblins instead of killing them? When Riverfarm is falling apart and there are [Thieves] and—and—he can’t say anything to me? To me? And he can’t think of a way to save Riverfarm?”
The others were silent. Prost opened his mouth, but Durene glared at him and he didn’t speak.
“He’s always had an idea! He’s always cared about Riverfarm? Who is this? Why isn’t he back? Why isn’t he telling us what to do? Carry on? Wait? You.”
She pointed at Nesor. He turned dead white and recoiled from her finger. Durene shouted at him.
“You—send a [Message] back to him! Tell him what I said! Tell him—tell him we’re not waiting! Tell him he should be back now and damn the goblins! Tell him I’m here! Tell him to talk to me! I want him to say something! We’re in trouble and we need help! What do we do? What do—”
She broke off, her chest heaving. The room was silent as Nesor, eyes wide, put a finger to his head. Durene’s eyes were bright and she was blinking rapidly. Next to Rie, Prost coughed quietly into one hand.
“It’s not…that bad, Durene. The Lancrel folk are agitators, some of them, but it’s not got beyond a few fights between our folk and theirs. No one’s armed among them; Beniar’s Darksky Riders could rout a few hundred in moments.”
“At night they’re practically unstoppable, especially in pitch blackness. I realize I warned you of  the risks, but Laken’s aware of the dangers and I’ve told him we can handle it.”
Rie’s quiet voice made Durene blush. But she kept looking at Nesor as he closed his eyes. She knew she was upset. But Laken’s reply had hurt her. It wasn’t just that she was far from him. It wasn’t just that he’d decided to take Goblin prisoners, or that he’d left Frostwing and Bismarck. Or that he wasn’t here when she needed him to tell her it was alright, that losing the battle wasn’t her fault.
It was simply that she wanted to see him again. She missed him. Riverfarm, her world wasn’t the same without him.
And in the silence, as Durene snuffled and tried not to cry, Nesor opened his eyes. He spoke, his voice flat, without intonation, reciting the words one at a time as he caught them tens, perhaps over a hundred miles away.
“I’m sorry, Durene. I’ve made a lot of mistakes. The Goblins are not all evil. I’m afraid. Terribly afraid they’re people. In which case I’m more monster than they are.”
Durene’s eyes opened wide. She opened her mouth, but Rie silenced her.
“He can’t hear you.”
Nesor went on, blindly speaking word after halting word.
“And I’m sorry I wasn’t there. I am coming back. Protect Riverfarm while I’m gone. Please. I know it is dangerous. So watch your back. Wiskeria. I am relying on you. You. And Rie. And Prost.”
The three looked up, old man, [Lady], and [Witch]. Wiskeria looked down and fiddled with the brim of her hat. Prost nodded, straightening his shoulders. Rie just sighed. The voice paused, and went on a final time.
“Perhaps there is a storm coming. I feel the danger. So. Durene. I am sending you the only aid I can. I hope it arrives. You will know it when you see it. I love you. And I will be back soon.”
Nesor closed his mouth. The spellbound gaze faded from his eyes and he blinked rapidly. He looked up and his nervous, warbling voice interjected into the silence.
“It—uh—the connection broke, Lady Rie. I think that was all of it.”
“Thank you, Nesor.”
