6.34 E
Page 21
“[Bandits]? Prost might be right about needing a City Watch. But [Bandits]? That’s too much. Beniar and his [Riders] can’t handle [Bandits] alone, can they?”
Maybe they could. Or maybe they couldn’t. But imagining him and his few dozen riders (had they expanded or lost members since the battle?) faced against another enemy like the Goblins gave Durene shudders. That decided her. Rather than go and help out, she put away her tools, let Frostwing hop on the padded cloth shoulder pad that was extremely washable, and set off in search of Wiskeria.
 
—-
 
She found the [Witch] in the same place she’d found her yesterday. In the graveyard. This time, Wiskeria wasn’t alone. Black shapes had descended and landed on the gravestones all around her. Not ravens either. This time it was crows. A flock of them.
“Wiskeria. Come!”
Durene froze as she stepped into the cemetery. The voice issued from dozens of beaks, a cawing, calling sound. The only sound in that silent place. The crow’s beady eyes locked on the [Witch], dressed in the same blue robes and hat as yesterday. Wiskeria stood among them, her back straight.
“No. I told you, no. Tell your mistress that. Tell them! Mavika! I won’t go! I know you’re listening! Tell them! Please!”
The crows didn’t like that answer. They took wing and flew around Wiskeria, in a tight circle.
“Wiskeria! COME!”
“No!”
She shouted at them. But that only enraged them more. A crow darted out. It snapped its beak and Wiskeria ducked. Another struck her hat with talons. A third struck Wiskeria from behind an she staggered. Durene, frozen, gasped; blood was running from the back of Wiskeria’s head. A crow darted again at Wiskeria’s cheek and drew blood; the [Witch] jerked. If she hadn’t the beak might have struck her eye.
“You can’t force me! I know the rules! I have to make things right here!”
“COME! WISKERIA.”
This time the cawing voices were blended. And the voice that spoke didn’t sound like a crow’s mockery of language. It sounded…different. Not Human. But not an animal’s sound either. A mix of the two.
The circling crows tightened around Wiskeria, biting, clawing. She shielded her face.
“I—refuse—”
She sank down as the claws dragged at her robes, and the murder of crows descended, landing, pecking. It was at that moment that Durene couldn’t hold back. She surged forwards, shouting and waving her arms.
“Hey! Get lost! Begone!”
The crows turned on her. It was so fast that Durene only saw them covering Wiskeria then flying at her face. She shielded her eyes reflexively and shouted as dozens of beaks began hammering at her skin. Her body was tougher than Wiskeria’s, but the screaming bird were terrifying. Birds didn’t act like this!
“Get off! Get—”
Durene flailed, but although she struck a few forms, the birds refused to abate. Wiskeria was shouting something. Durene felt a flash of heat and a crow screamed. They turned on both girls. And then, above them, Frostwing shrieked and dove.
The press of bodies broke up at once. The crows fled as Frostwing, shrieking louder than Durene had heard her yet, smashed into a crow. They turned to mob her, but Frostwing was quick! She struck with talons and beak and flashed upwards, nearly as fast on the ascent as diving. The crows tried to follow, but Frostwing dove again, and the crack as she struck a second crow sent the bird crumpling on top of a grave, neck twisted.
