6.34 E
Page 25
Wiskeria poked her head out of her tent. Her hat was off her head for once, and her expression was blearily. She must have woken back up. Durene eyed her face, and opened her mouth.
“It’s n—”
She began to lie. Then she remembered that a disembodied crow’s head had come to life in her hands and talked to her. So Durene pointed back at the patch of soil.
“One of the crow’s heads—it came to life and said your name. In my hand. Wiskeria. Come. I smashed it.”
Wiskeria’s sleepy gaze sharpened. She stared at Durene. The girl shuddered and wiped her hand on her tunic. The [Witch] was silent.
“Well? Is that other [Witch] of yours—is she going to do anything?”
“I think that was it. She can probably still use crows when they’re dead. Or it was some other spell. Crows…well, some of us know necromancy too.”
“Necromancy? You mean you use the undead? Like the Necromancer? From the stories? Az—”
Durene recoiled in horror. Wiskeria shook her head rapidly, noting the shock on the half-Troll girl’s face.
“We’re not [Necromancers]! Absolutely not! No [Witch] I know has any levels in [Necromancer]!”
She pulled her head into her tent. Durene exhaled in relief. She got back to bed slowly, wiping her hands many times. Frostwing snoozed in her nest and outside, Bismarck’s gentle snoring was even comforting. It was only after Durene was dozing off that she realized that Wiskeria hadn’t really answered her question at all.
 
 
Day 53 – Durene
 
The next day drizzled for a bit before Durene woke up, but the sky was clear when she got up. She knew it had rained from the smell in the air, though. And Wiskeria’s wet tent. It was waterproof, so the wan [Witch] had gotten her sleep. She met Durene in robes much like yesterday’s. Exactly like yesterday’s, in fact. Durene eyed them.
“Don’t you have other clothes?”
“I have another change. But I lost most of my things when we fled the Goblins. It’s fine. I cleaned the blood and the rest off with a cleaning charm.”
It was true, the robes were clean. But that didn’t disguise the fact that they smelled lived-in. And the holes. Durene decided what Wiskeria needed was new clothes. The [Witch] disagreed.
“It’s how I dress! It’s how all [Witches] dress!”
“They smell! And you need a bath! You don’t need to borrow my clothes! Just get some new ones! I’ll get them for you! I’ll even get more robes!”
Wiskeria eventually agreed when she realized Durene was close to stripping her and throwing her in her tub herself. But she was adamant on one point.
“Not my hat! My hat stays where it is! A [Witch] has to have her hat!”
Durene agreed to leave it. She helped Wiskeria fill the tub from a stream with cold water. Durene was about to suggest letting the water warm in the sun when Wiskeria poked her wand into the tub. Durene saw a flash of light, and the water became steaming. She narrowed her eyes at Wiskeria’s smug expression and thought of all the cold baths she’d had to endure.
Silently, Durene handed Wiskeria her soap and slapped Bismarck when he tried to eat it. The Mossbear, affronted, stared at the naked Wiskeria who covered herself protectively and at Durene. Seeing nothing of interest, he went back to sleep.
“I’ll get someone to clean your robes. And be back with new ones.”
“What? What if someone comes up and I’m naked?”
Wiskeria yelped and grabbed for Durene, but the girl was already trotting away. Durene turned and waved with her other hand as Frostwing decided to sip from Wiskeria’s tub rather than accompany her.
“Hide in Bismarck’s fur! Or dance around naked! Isn’t that what [Witches] do?”
