6.34 E
Page 16
Durene bellowed. The man ducked as her voice boomed at him. He turned his head, saw her, and his eyes went round. He turned and sprinted. Durene charged after him, but people were in the way and even leaping aside, she was afraid she’d hit them. The man ducked left, trying to lose his pursuers around a house. Durene rounded it—and saw another street. People stared as she and the [Woodcutters] dashed out into the open.
“There was a man! He stole Trader Gellid’s gold! Where’d he go?”
One of the [Woodcutters] shouted. The people in the street looked around. Durene’s head swiveled, but the hooded man was gone.
“I thought I saw—but he’s nowhere.”
A woman looked around, wide-eyed. Durene cursed. Had the man vanished? Used a Skill? She turned desperately, and saw Chimmy running after her with the breathless [Trader]. They stared around, horrified, at the crowd devoid of hooded figures. Durene clenched her fists helplessly—
And then a shriek tore the air. Everyone ducked as Frostwing, enraged, hurtled out of the air like a blue bolt of lightning. She landed, tearing, pecking, at the very same woman who’d seen the [Thief]!
“Frostwing! Stop!”
Durene shouted and began to run forwards. But before she could reach the bird, the woman ducked away, cursing. And her face, her entire body—blurred. The hooded figure ran backwards, shielding his head, cursing at Frostwing.
“That’s the [Thief]! Get him!”
The [Trader] howled. Now the entire street grabbed for the [Thief], but he ran through them, shoving, ducking Frostwing, running faster than anyone could catch up. Durene swore as she ran after him. If she could throw something—he was nearing a break in the crowds, and she had a feeling he was going to make a break for it! He was too quick—
“Watch out! Make way!”
A voice roared to Durene’s left. She drew up as she saw a figure racing at her from the right. A mounted figure. The [Thief] spotted the armored shape rushing down the street on horseback too late. He turned, darting back towards Durene, but the horse galloped into him and tossed him to the ground like a sack of flour. He made a pained cry—the [Rider] turned, leapt from his saddle, and grabbed the [Thief] before he could get back up.
One hand thrust his face into the ground, the other raised a gauntleted fist. As Durene reached the pair, the armored man swung a fist down and the [Thief], struggling, went limp.
“Got him! You bastard, we finally got you!”
The armored figure crowed as he hauled the man up. He yanked the hood off and then swore. Durene, staring, saw the armored helmet go up. A shock of black hair emerged, and a young face. Beniar, sweaty, hair-tangled, stared in shock at the man’s face.
“You? You’re our [Thief]? You bastard!”
He shook the unconscious man. Then he looked up and saw Durene. His eyes widened. Beniar dropped the [Thief].
“Durene!”
“Beniar!”
She reached out. The Silver-rank adventurer strode past his snorting horse and grabbed her up in a hug as fierce as her own.
“Durene! Dead gods, it’s a relief to see you! I heard you were up but I didn’t dare visit—that [Healer] swore she’d stab me if I got near you with a potion again! I’m so sorry! I thought—how are you?”
“I’m fine! Fine!”
Beniar eyed Durene’s chest.
“The infection? It went away? Wiskeria said I shouldn’t pour a potion on it, but I thought—dead gods, she nearly killed me. Everyone did!”
“It’s fine. You didn’t know. I would have done the same thing.”
Durene touched her chest. Beniar’s expression twisted, but then he looked down.
“And here you are! Catching the damn [Thief] who caused us so much trouble for weeks!”
