6.34 E
Page 32
“I wish he had more advice to give. But then—I suppose even his options are limited. Couldn’t he—no. If he could ride ahead, there would be no point. It’s a miracle that his allies are staying with him so long?”
“Allies?”
Durene felt a pain in her chest, a sinking, weighted feeling. She looked around dully, as if the answer would make this confusing, painful message make sense. Prost nodded.
“Lord Yitton Byres and Lord Gralton Radivaek. They’re riding with Emperor Laken. They’re his companions.”
He pronounced the names with some satisfaction, and even Rie smiled. Durene was just blank.
“They’re [Lords]? Are they important?”
“In the grand scheme of things? The Byres family is small, but notable. They have a silver business that has waned and waxed over the years, but Yilton Byres is as honorable and trustworthy as any [Knight]. More so, in fact. I would consider him a perfect ally, although he isn’t powerful per se. But the respect he garners is value enough. As for Lord Gralton…that shocks me.”
Rie tapped a finger to her lips.
“He’s mad. Eccentric? No. Just mad. More dog than man, according to some, but he’s not only powerful in wealth, but a fierce fighter. With his estates backing Laken—”
“They’re important. Fine. But what else does Laken say? Anything? Does he know about…me?”
The word felt almost plaintive as it forced itself out of Durene’s chest.  Rie stopped smiling. Prost and Wiskeria turned to her.
“I…he was informed that you were on your feet. Yes. He writes this at the end. Ah…I am relieved Durene is well. Tell her I am coming home as soon as I can. I am sorry I wasn’t there sooner.”
Durene waited. But Lady Rie rolled up the parchment as if that answered that. The girl looked at her, and her heart hurt.
“That’s it?”
The [Lady] blinked.
“It’s quite a lot. He’s paying for each word, at costly rates for such quick sending. Nesor is of course, free, but Mage’s Guilds cost coin. As for the rest—yes, he doesn’t mention the details, but we have corresponded before. And I think he is being cautious. He may even be using a different location than the one he mentioned out of caution.”
“Caution?”
Wiskeria looked up, frowning underneath her hat. Prost nodded. He spread his weathered hands on the table.
“We don’t know if someone’s following Emperor Laken or might set a trap for him. Lady Rie’s worried about Magnolia Reinhart—”
“As we all should be. Laken is firmly against her, as are many peers of the realm. She is already acting. Riverfarm may not feel the immediate effects of her [Trade War], but she is hardly toothless in other areas. And there is still the issue of the saboteur. The one who knocked out my [Mage], Nesor and gave the wrong orders to Wiskeria.”
Rie drummed her painted fingernails on the table. Durene looked from face to face. Prost was nodding, and Wiskeria looked grave.
“So that’s his message? Carry on until he returns?”
“It’s two weeks. I think we can manage that.”
Prost was cautious. Rie nodded.
“If we use that information to reassure people—no, he might be closer than that. Remember, he is speaking in an abundance of caution. If need be, I could see him riding closer to us. And if he gets even closer, Beniar and his riders can of course ride to meet him. We should plan on that, in fact. And in the meantime—”
Durene’s fist smashed down on the table. Nesor jumped out of his seat. Rie stopped. Prost and Wiskeria recoiled. Durene stared down at the splintered wood, and then looked up.
“That’s it. That’s all he said?”
They stared at her. Durene took a shuddering breath.
