6.34 E
Page 1
A few good-natured curses answered Prost. Some of the men and women looked up and spotted Durene. They waved, a few cautiously, and Durene smiled, recognizing one of the men from Riverfarm. A few gave Durene a very long look, but their comrades whispered to them and they relaxed. Someone, a woman with a bandanna over her head, spat out a nail and pointed at a beam.
“We’re waiting on ropes to pull that load-bearing beam up. Some of ours are getting frayed and I’m not going to see if it snaps.”
“Fair enough. You have enough hands?”
Prost grimaced. The female [Builder] grinned as she hammered a floorboard into place.
“Why? You want to help, Mister Steward?”
He laughed and strode forwards. So did Durene. She eyed the beam and saw it was indeed a chunk of wood. But…
“I reckon we could do this without any ropes, Mister Prost. A few hands and I can push this up myself.”
She casually flexed one arm. She still felt groggy, but this looked simple. The [Builder] dropped her hammer as Durene approached. Perhaps they’d mistaken her for a man at a distance, but up close, Durene’s skin and height were unmistakable. One of the unfamiliar men backed up as he saw Durene.
“Dead gods—”
He reached for his belt. But the Riverfarm man pushed past him, beaming.
“Durene! You’re awake! I thought you’d be abed forever! How’re you? Come here, girl.”
He reached out. Durene smiled.
“Hullo, Mister Ram.”
Ram, or Ramel, laughed as she gave him a light hug. He grunted and Durene realized she was squeezing—but she’d always liked him. He’d been decent to her even before Laken, even if he seldom came to Riverfarm. The [Rancher] who also had a few [Carpenter] and [Hunter] levels, smiled up at her, and then turned to the others.
“Come on! This is Durene, our Emperor’s uh—fiancé? She’s a [Farmer] and a [Paladin], whatever that is. We don’t need to wait on ropes, Miss Beycalt. Three or four hands plus Durene should do it.”
He waved at the reluctant others. Some of the folk who clearly remembered Durene stepped up. The female [Builder] in charge, Beycalt, raised an eyebrow.
“You’re sure?”
“Never surer. Come on, you three. We’ll do it.”
Prost answered for Ram, and the two men stepped over. Durene saw the reserve in the other faces, so she kept the smile on her face and squatted next to the end of the beam. She put both hands under the end as Prost and Ram and three others did likewise. Durene counted.
“One, two, three—lift!”
She lifted upwards slowly. The men grunted and the beam came up. It was probably the worst way to lift something like this, honestly—the other end of the beam was level, which meant the lifters would have to struggle as the end they were lifting grew higher. If they weren’t strong enough—or even tall enough—to get it up, it might fall. But that equation didn’t account for Durene.
Up the load-bearing beam went. Durene lifted it over her head, bracing her legs, pushing up. It was heavy, but she was strong. She was a [Farmer] with the [Enhanced Strength] Skill, which already made her very strong. And she was bigger than any man here. She kept lifting, and realized that Prost and Ram were struggling to reach over their heads.
“Hold on! We’ll get around the bottom—”
Ram shouted. Durene just laughed.
“I have it!”
So saying, she pushed and the beam went vertical. A gasp went up from the other builders and Beycalt blinked. Durene caught the beam before it could overbalance.
“Where do you want it?”
“Here!”
