6.34 E
Page 22
That was enough. The crows fled. Frostwing, victorious, followed them and then returned at Durene’s panicked call. She alighted, tearing at one of the two dead crows. Shakily, Durene lowered her arms. She was cut lightly on her skin. Wiskeria, getting up, was bloodied. Red ran down the back of her head.
“Wiskeria—”
“I’m fine. I’m fine. I just need a bit of healing potion. Not even that.”
The [Witch] shakily readjusted her hat. She looked at the crows that Frostwing was tearing into and shuddered.
“I didn’t think she’d go that far. And two of her crows are dead. She’ll be furious.”
“Who will? What was that?”
Durene was still shaken from the attack. She stared at Wiskeria. The [Witch] inhaled, looking just as shaken. She nodded off to one side.
“Let’s—let’s clean up the feathers. And the birds. I don’t want them staying here if someone comes to look.”
A few minutes of picking up later, and the two young women stood on the road to Durene’s cottage. Wiskeria was still breathing heavily. So was Durene, for that matter. The [Witch] shook her head as she watched Frostwing cleaning her bloody beak.
“Dead gods. I knew that birds like Frostwing were hunters, but I didn’t know they could kill one of Mavika’s flock.”
“Mavika? Who’s that? Does she own the birds?”
Wiskeria nodded.
“That’s right. She sent them to get me. Or threaten me, really. She’s not happy I’m not agreeing to join her. I know I should, but right now—I can’t. The coven can join without me. It’s not like I matter.”
“Coven?”
Durene was lost. But the word was…familiar. In a vague way. Wiskeria nodded. She took a breath.
“Durene. You know that I’m a [Witch]?”
“Of course.”
“Well. I’m part of a coven. That’s a group of [Witches] that meets every few months. It’s…well, I suppose you could say it’s part of my class. I know most classes don’t have that, but we do.”
“A coven. I think I’ve heard of them. I’ve never actually met a [Witch] before you. And you’re not like—”
Durene closed her mouth. Wiskeria smiled shortly, eying her as she dapped at the blood on the back of her neck with a wet handkerchief.
“What? Like all the stories?”
“I don’t know many.”
Durene lied. She knew a few, even though she didn’t go to Riverfarm. But they were all old stories, like the [Witch] who gave a hero an enchanted brew to help him fight the evil [Warlock]. Or the [Witch] who poisoned the fair [Damsel] until a [Knight] or [Prince] could wake her with a kiss. But she didn’t mention that. Nor did she need to. One quirk of Wiskeria’s lips said that she saw through Durene’s lie.
“Everyone has stories about [Witches]. I’m afraid we’re common in old stories.”
“Are they true?”
Durene blurted that out. And she saw Wiskeria hesitate.
“Most of them are. I can’t fly on a broom, for instance. I can do a number of things. Cast spells, like that fire I threw at the crows, brew things, and so on. But I’m afraid a lot of stories are exaggerated. Or about high-level [Witches]. I’m neither.”
“Oh.”
It was a bit rude to talk about levels. Embarrassed, Durene studied her feet. She wore nice, sturdy boots, most of the time, but she only had one pair so sandals were her other option. She could make them herself and her feet’s soles were tough. Durene thought about dropping the matter since Wiskeria looked just as uncomfortable But she couldn’t help it.
“The crows. Do they belong to the [Witch]? Mavika? I heard of [Witches] owning black cats.”
