6.34 E
Page 19
“I heard you helped catch the [Thief]. Thank you, Durene. We don’t have much, but what we do have that bastard took. He stole gold from people who had only that after losing everything, raided our stocks until we started putting locks up and guards…it’s a nightmare.”
He passed his hand across his face.
“At least this stops one of the problems. There are more [Thieves] than him—and fights. Dead gods. Someone died in a brawl a week back. It’s madness, Durene. But Beniar and his [Riders] keep the peace.”
“I met him. He said he’s all that’s left of the army. Is that true?”
Durene anxiously looked at Prost. He nodded.
“Did you hear? Wiskeria resigned from being a [General] after the battle. Not that I blame her—she stays out of Riverfarm for the most part. Most people understand she wasn’t to blame, what with whoever sent that [Message], but there’s a lot of folk who’ll throw stones just as soon as look at her.”
“We need an army. If we have [Bandits] and—and [Thieves], we need more people! I’ll help! I just need a weapon and my shield.”
Durene looked at Prost. He half-nodded, then switched it to a shake of the head.
“Wiskeria won’t budge. And we don’t need more [Soldiers], Durene. What we need—according to Lady Rie, that is—is [Guardsmen]. A proper City Watch, according to her.”
“Well, maybe I can help. If there are thieves stealing from your warehouses, point me to them. I can stand guard. Give me a club—I’ll just use a fist.”
Durene made one. Prost eyed it and shook his head again, briskly.
“They’re [Thieves], Durene. Not brigands or murderers. If you hit one of them—remember that fellow who was robbing houses around Riverfarm a while back? He tried your cottage and you caught him.”
He looked at Durene, and her face went slack as she remembered.
“Four years ago. Yeah, I remember. I hit him.”
“More than once. He was half-dead when we found him. Broken bones in his face; even the [Healer] thought he might not make it. I know he was a [Thief], but dead gods, Durene, I was terrified of you back then. I wouldn’t want people to think of—well, with so many not knowing you—”
Prost stumbled over his words, looking at her carefully. The half-Troll girl just stared back. She touched her chest slowly.
“Scared of me? Back then—I was terrified, Mister Prost. It was a [Thief] with a dagger! He tried to stab me and I was so scared I kept hitting him—maybe you thought I went too far, but I was so frightened! I cried for three days and didn’t leave my cottage once after he was taken away. And no one came by to tell me he was gone.”
“Oh.”
The [Steward] stared up at Durene. His jaw opened and he worked it soundlessly. Closed it. His voice was strangled.
“That’s odd. I don’t remember that. We were so focused on whether he’d live or die that…”
He looked up at Durene and an expression of shame flashed across his face.
“I’m sorry. Dead gods, I never thought of that. Back then…”
“You didn’t call for me unless you needed me to lift something. I get it.”
Durene crossed her arms. On her shoulder, Frostwing screamed softly. Prost hung his head.
“That’s the truth. But hear me, Durene: if we were unkind, it’s nothing compared to these city folk. They bother me, some of them. Lady Rie’s good at handling the Lancrel lot especially—they look up to her, but it only goes so far. We are in control. But until his Majesty gets back, neither Rie nor I want to upset this lot. The people who know his majesty are about a third of Riverfarm now. And there are good people among the new ones. But…”
“I get it.”
