6.34 E
Page 27
Geram, big, brawny, and unfortunately, bald, was certainly all that. A former [Fistfighter] of some renown, his scarred knuckles were a work of art in themselves. And a threat. The man eyed Durene at the same time as she appraised him. And he didn’t seem to like what he saw. He bowed slightly.
“Miss Durene.”
“Ah, Geram. I think Durene is quite safe enough for me to talk to. Go find Nesor and make sure he’s not being bombarded with requests for [Message] spells. I told him to keep up.”
The woman politely turned to Geram. He hesitated, but then inclined his head. He strode off. Durene turned to Rie.
“You’re worried about being attacked?”
Rie smiled. She had a lovely mouth, lips colored green to match her dress today. Durene wondered who she was making the effort for. Rie nodded in the direction Geram had gone.
“Not at all. But a [Lady] must be protected. And there was that incident with Master Elmmet the other day. Terrible business.”
She raised her voice slightly. Durene noticed some of the [Washer] women nodding, and other hesitating visibly. Rie glanced at Durene and then pointed delicately further upstream.
“I wouldn’t want to trouble Miss Yesel and the women about their work, though, Durene. Would you like to chat?”
“Of course.”
Durene walked up the river a bit with Rie. This was an open spot; she could see [Farmers] in the distance, working with plow horses to cover more ground while other [Farmers] checked the crops. They were indeed already sprouting, and so quickly! Durene felt a flash of excitement. Rie just regarded the farms with a critical eye.
“Not bad. We’ve harvested once and I hope to do it again. It’s eased the pressure of feeding everyone, but even with our current fields, I’d like to double what’s there.”
“Double it?”
Durene’s eyes widened. She imagined how much food the current acreage could produce. Enough to feed old Riverfarm for a year, probably! But Rie just sighed.
“This is probably enough to feed the current Riverfarm and have some left over, but what about later in the year? To sell? To stockpile? We need runes of preservation or some other storage system, or simply to acquire cats and weevil-proof a storehouse. But this is simply not enough any way you look at it. Unless you think a [Farmer] can make these fields twice as productive with the right Skills?”
“I—maybe. I wasn’t a good [Farmer]. I had good Skills, but I only had a small garden.”
Durene shook her head. Rie sighed.
“Well, Riverfarm is my responsibility and Mister Prost, who knows a lot about farming, shares my opinion. And food is but one of the resources Riverfarm lacks. I can make up for whatever shortcomings there are in our resources with my estates’ income, but I will be glad of some assistance from his Majesty. When he finally returns.”
She pursed her lips, not bothering to conceal her displeasure. And Durene, unwillingly, felt a jolt of pleasure at Rie’s expression.
“You think him taking so long is bad too?”
“Taking Goblin prisoners? Not joining Lord Tyrion and the other nobility, who have already returned to their estates? If there were a map of the wrong decisions to make, I’d say Emperor Laken had charted us a splendid course on it. But he must have his reasons, not least because he’s abandoned you in your time of need.”
Rie looked directly at Durene. The half-Troll girl flushed, with pride or embarrassment she couldn’t say. Rie was so direct!
“I—you didn’t act like this before.”
