6.34 E
Page 31
“I…understand. And I agree. But I’ll just fan the flames if I return to my job. I’m trying to let people grieve. Not throw my failure into their faces. Maybe I can work with Beniar in private. Maybe. If you’re willing to get him to talk to me—if he’s around the village—I can try helping out a bit. But Durene, I’m a [General]. Level 12. That’s high for how fast I leveled, but I have two good Skills I can use in a battle. I’m no trainer of armies.”
“You’re still the only one good at tactics and other stuff. You helped kill the Goblins. Remember Laken’s poison traps?”
Wiskeria nodded slowly. She sighed.
“That was his idea. But I did make the cauldrons. It’s just—I’ll try, Durene. I’ll try.”
That was better than her attitude yesterday. Durene smiled encouragingly. Wiskeria almost smiled back. Then both girls heard pounding feet on the road behind them. Wiskeria scowled.
“I told you—”
But it wasn’t the City Runner. A young woman perhaps a former Street Runner herself, pounding up the slope to Durene’s cottage. She stopped, panting, and waved at Durene.
“Miss Durene? Lady Rie’s calling for you!”
Durene frowned. So soon?
“What? Why? What’s the emergency?”
“It’s Emperor Laken, Miss Durene! He’s sent a [Message]!”
The girl froze. Wiskeria looked up at her. Both took off running so fast that the Street Runner was caught off-guard. She ducked as Frostwing dove past her. And even Bismarck roused himself. But that was only to pad eighteen steps down the slope, then decide to go back and have a nap.
 
—-
 
There were four people who gathered in Mister Prost’s house. Wiskeria, Durene, Lady Rie, and Mister Prost. Wiskeria and Durene were the last to arrive. Durene had run all the way here, but even dashing, they attracted a lot of attention. And the sight of Wiskeria entering the village had provoked even more hard stares than Durene herself.
She hadn’t been lying. But Durene didn’t care. She strode into Prost’s living room, which under Miss Yesel’s influence was already homelier than most of the bare rooms. Prost and Rie were reading something as Nesor trembled in a seat behind her.
“Well? What did he say? Is he coming back?”
“Durene. And Wiskeria. This is a pleasant—”
Rie broke off as Durene strode past her. Nesor leaned back as Durene turned to him and Mister Prost.
“Well? What did he say? Is he still talking?”
The [Lady] cleared her throat softly.
“Nesor is in contact with a [Mage] with Emperor Laken. Someone in a Mage’s Guild, in fact. He’s transcribed the message. If you’d care to—”
The slip of parchment made Durene hesitate.
“I—I can’t read that.”
She flushed. Prost cleared his throat, and Rie blinked.
“Of course. Then—allow me.”
She unfurled the slip and read in a clear voice.
“We have passed the town of Greenforge and are continuing north and west. Progress remains slow. The road is secure and my companions maintain their escorts. We estimate two weeks remaining at most.”
She looked up. Durene and Wiskeria stared at her. Rie sighed.
“The issue is the prisoners. That’s what’s holding them back. The wagons break down, and their captives are not cooperating. Nor is Tyrion giving them any aid now the army has disbanded.”
“That’s it? That’s all he wrote?”
Durene demanded, incredulous. Rie looked down.
“Oh no. He also writes, The situation in Riverfarm is understood. Ask Wiskeria to resume her place if she is willing. I have faith in her.  If the situation worsens, I trust in your judgment.”
She tsked.
