6.34 E
Page 23
“Some own other animals. It’s part of our class. Mavika’s…she’s a strong [Witch]. And she can make her crows talk, or carry messages or do things. It’s not like being a [Beast Tamer]. But she’s powerful. I don’t want to make her mad, but she’s insisting I join the coven and I don’t want to. I also don’t have to, no matter what she thinks.”
Wiskeria answered cautiously. Durene was puzzled.
“Why do you need to go to a coven in the first place?”
That seemed to be the wrong question. Wiskeria looked a bit insulted and tugged on her hat’s brim.
“I am a [Witch], even if I’m low-level compared to most. Witches have to have a coven. It stands to reason.”
“What reason?”
“A witch should not be alone. We’re too few. And our power isn’t in just casting spells like [Mages]. Or—or potions or animals or any one thing. We’re strongest in our coven. Besides, those are the old ways. And [Witches]—we’re all old ways.”
Wiskeria murmured to herself. She seemed to be repeating something from memory. Durene just blinked at her. There was a faraway look in Wiskeria’s eyes. Then she shook herself.
“But again, I don’t have to be there. I can miss a coven meeting and everyone knows that. There must be something important if Mavika wants me to go so badly. Or it’s just her. She’s really into the old ways.”
“I saw that. But can’t you go? It’s not as if…well, it’s not as if you’re being a [General] here, are you?”
Durene hesitated before saying that, but she did say it. Wiskeria tensed up, but Durene didn’t look away. Wiskeria took a deep breath.
“I told you—”
“Beniar says he can’t handle everything alone. We need an army, Wiskeria. Remember the Goblins? What if they come again?”
The [Witch] tugged distractedly on her hat, then adjusted her spectacles.
“I know that. I know. But I just—I can’t do it. I’m just here because…if need be, I could come back. But only then.”
“If need be? You mean, you’re waiting for a disaster!”
Durene’s brows shot together. Wiskeria raised her palms defensively.
“I don’t want to! But I’m the only [General]. You’re right. But no one would trust me! Don’t you think I know that too! If I’m needed, I’ll do what I can. Until then—”
“You should take command now! We need you! Laken needs you! Prost could use someone to chase down [Bandits], to help—”
“I can’t. Durene. I can’t do it. I can’t face them after I got their family, their children killed—”
Wiskeria raised her voice.
“Well, what are you doing? Sitting in a graveyard, fighting with crows?”
“What else can I do? I’m pelted with rocks when I go into the village. Don’t you think I’m sorry? I want to make things right! I want to—”
Frostwing screamed and both girls jumped. Durene realized she was shouting. Wiskeria had been too. Flushed, the [Witch] covered her face with her hat. Durene felt at her red cheeks. But she wasn’t ashamed. She meant what she’d said.
“How long until the coven?”
“When the two moons are full. We meet then, so it’s not every month. But it’s easy to tell if you know the stars. This time it’s in—”
“Six days.”
Wiskeria broke off. She stared at Durene.
“That’s correct. How do you know that?”
“When the two moons are full, right? I’m a village girl. I know how the moons work.”
The half-Troll girl shrugged. Wiskeria nodded slowly.
“Then that’s when. Don’t worry. Mavika won’t force me again. Not after losing two of her crows. Some of the others might try, but I can say no.”
“If you say so.”
Uneasily, Durene looked back in the direction of the graveyard. Then back at Wiskeria.
“Are you sure you won’t…?”
