6.34 E
Page 14
The half-Troll girl stared. She recognized this face. The long, red pigtails. The overalls. Prost’s daughter had inherited her hair from her mother, Miss Yesel, but she had something of his build, stocky for a girl. She was only…six? No. Seven. She waved at Duren and came to a halt, eying Frostwing. The bird glared back and Durene raised a hand to sooth her.
“Chimmy?”
The girl nodded. She stared up at Durene.
“You’re alive! Da said you were, but you went home. He’s in his Majesty’s throne room. Do you want to meet him?”
“I—I need breakfast. And I should see him. I just…this is Frostwing. Frostwing, you remember Chimmy. Right?”
The bird glared down at the girl, clearly not sure if she did. Chimmy stared back and warily held out a hand. The blue bird pecked and Durene blocked it—Chimmy withdrew her hand sharpish. She regarded Durene.
“I can get you food. You want bread? Stew? We’ve got meat too.”
Durene’s stomach rumbled, and Frostwing nearly took off.
“That would be great. And uh, maybe a bit of meat?”
She wasn’t sure if it was for Frostwing or for her. Chimmy nodded and dashed towards one of the cookhouses. She slipped through the lines and Durene saw a [Cook] serving food frown and look up. She glanced out a window, did a double-take as she saw Durene petting Frostwing, and grabbed some food.
The folk waiting in line protested when they saw Chimmy coming out with a double-helping—again, until they saw Durene. Then they just stared as she wolfed down her breakfast in the street and Chimmy offered a bit of meat which Frostwing deigned to eat after three sniffs. Fortified, Durene nodded to Chimmy and the girl showed her where to put the empty bowl and plate.
“Just there. We’ve got [Washers] and such who do all the dishes. I’m supposed to help them today, but helping you is more important.”
The girl informed Durene with the air of a child who had her alibi all sorted when she was inevitably asked. She led Durene down the street, chattering as the older girl followed her, mystified.
“All sorts of things happened when you were asleep, Durene. Riverfarm’s big now! There’s hundreds and hundreds of people. And they all listen to my Dad. And Lady Rie. She makes them work, and anyone who argues has to stand in the stocks! We have stocks now. Da says we shouldn’t ought to need them, but until Emperor Laken gets back we need them. But most people work. There’s everything to do and we need so much of everything. Wood, stone, nails—Mister Helm is making lots of metal, but he says we need to have our own mines. We have to buy our ore, which Lady Rie says is costly. And Da’s worried about how much coin we have, even though we all pool our wealth. He says we need to grow something worth coin, but he doesn’t know what. He’s gonna ask Emperor Laken with a [Message] spell. Do you know where he is, Durene?”
The girl looked up expectantly. Durene, caught off-guard by the stoppage of the flow of words, shook her head.
“South. With Goblins.”
“Why? I ask Da, but he won’t say.”
“I don’t know.”
“Alright then.”
Chimmy shrugged, and skipped ahead. Durene followed her. The girl was so casual about Riverfarm as it was now. Durene envied her. But—Chimmy had survived the avalanche and even begun to smile within a week of the snows that had claimed her youngest brother. She was tough. She had to be, living out here.
So did Durene. She straightened her back, trying to process all of what Chimmy was saying.
