6.34 E
Page 24
“I’m sure. If I thought I could, I’d try. But I see how they looked at me. I promised Laken—Emperor Laken, that I’d be his [General]. But until he comes back and decides what to do with me, I’ll stay here. And…help.”
Unhappily, Wiskeria gestured around. Back at the graveyard. Durene realized that was why it was so clean. And she saw, in the distance, the first family walking into it, heads bowed. Mother, two sons, a man, perhaps an uncle or grandfather. But from the way they walked, no father. Wiskeria bowed her head silently. She looked so thin, so faded standing there. Durene couldn’t help it. She transferred Frostwing to her other arm and reached for Wiskeria.
“Do you want to eat at my cottage tonight?”
“What?”
The [Witch] looked up. Durene pointed.
“It’s just up the way. I don’t know what you eat. In the village? It must be harder.”
“I don’t eat there. I forage for myself. It’s not hard.”
Wiskeria muttered. Durene stared at her. She knew there were…roots and berries and such, but she doubted Wiskeria could land more than small game with so many people and [Hunters] about. No wonder she was so thin!
“Come with me. I’ve got food from Prost. We can eat there. And you can sleep in my cottage.”
“I can’t do that.”
“Why not? I’ve got…one bed. But I can sleep on the ground!”
“I have a tent.”
“Then put it up in my garden. Bismarck snores, but you—I can roll him over. Come on.”
Bullying, cajoling, and then switching back to bullying, Durene got Wiskeria to show her the small tent she’d pitched not far from here. Durene yanked up the pegs, grabbed the tent and Wiskeria, and practically carried both under her arms to her cottage. There she made food. It wasn’t much; just a stew with some meat. Stews were big in Riverfarm, owing to how many people there were. But there was a loaf of fresh-baked bread that everyone, including Frostwing and Bismarck, wanted a piece of.
Wiskeria ate almost as hungrily as Durene, and the girl was glad to see some color enter her pale cheeks. She refused Durene’s bed, which was just as well; the tent would only fit Wiskeria. The [Witch] went to bed silently as Durene washed up and Frostwing lay in her nest, pecking at one of the crow’s heads. Durene shuddered when she came back from letting Bismarck lick her pot clean.
“Frostwing, get rid of it. Come on. Be a good girl.”
The bird didn’t want to give up her prize. She pecked at Durene, and the half-Troll girl, grimacing, picked up the head. She carried it outside, ignoring Frostwing’s scream-crying. Durene walked away from Wiskeria’s tent, which the [Witch] seemed already asleep, and pitched her arm back. The crow’s head was wet and slimy in her grasp. And as she aimed, she felt its beak move in her grip.
“Wiskeria. Come.”
Durene dropped the crow’s head and shouted in horror. The head landed on the ground. She saw the staring eye turn up at her. Something looked through the disemboweled head. The beak opened.
“Wiskeria! C—”
Durene’s sandal smashed the head into the ground. She stomped twice more, feeling the fragile bones and skull crunch. Durene didn’t care. She stomped again and again, until, panting, she stared at the mess on the ground. The fragments of beak made no sound.
Shuddering, Durene backed up. Her skin crawled. She walked back into the cottage and grabbed a shovel. With it in hand she went back and dug up some soil. When the hole was deep—four feet—Durene tossed the remains of the head inside and covered it, pressing the earth down. When that was done she went back to the cottage.
“What was that shout?”
