6.34 E
Page 3
People forgot her ears were every bit as good as theirs. Durene turned her head, blushing, and Prost noticed. He frowned back at the men who went quiet under his gaze. Prost led Durene back down the street.
“Ignore them. They’re new. Most of the folk who came to Riverfarm were forced out of their homes by the Goblin raids. When they sacked the city—remember? Most of them fled to their families in nearby towns or villages, but some came back with us.”
“Riverfarm’s huge now. This is one street?”
“That’s right. One of our residential districts, according to Laken’s plans. We prioritized those—along with pastures, which were dead easy to fence off, and farmland. Our [Farmers] are sowing as fast as they can. Once we have the houses we can worry about putting buildings further out and all the other non-essentials.”
Durene and Prost both nodded at that, with a [Farmer]’s appreciation for crops first. All you needed was a bed and some land. The rest could come later. She looked around. The streets were full of people. Some waved and called out to her, but many stared at Durene as if she were a monster. Prost briskly shouted at them, waving them on, pausing to greet some people—introducing them to Durene.
“Miss Xathy, is that the harvest from the [Foragers]? Good haul! Place it with our other foodstuffs in the warehouse; don’t let people pick at it or you’ll have nothing left! It’s not snacks, folks, it’s dinner! Mister Calic, I told you, you’re an [Artist] when we need one! Right now we need a [Painter], so slap a coat on those houses and don’t talk about decorations or I’ll have you working as a [Laborer]! This is Durene. Our best fighter save for maybe Beniar. She just woke up—you remember the announcements?”
A crowd of women holding baskets had paused in the street to stare at Durene. They were about fourteen in number, and a man with a bucket and paintbrush, who’d been arguing with a [Builder], turned and jumped as Prost shouted at him. He opened his mouth, saw Durene, choked on his spit, and backed up. The women stared up at Durene as she paused. Prost opened his mouth, and then snapped at someone behind the [Painter] and women.
“Jelov! What are you doing?”
He bellowed at an old [Carpenter]. The old man uneasily started and tried to hide behind the small crowd. When he realized he wasn’t able to, he crabbed over. Durene stepped beside Prost; she knew the [Carpenter] and he had a tendency to lubricate the air when he spoke.
“Doing? Just getting rid of a few try-pieces, Mister Prost. Er, Steward Prost. I’m having a little break—”
“—Selling miniature totems as good-luck charms? I told you, we need to replace those totems the Goblins burned. It’s been fifty days and you still have fifteen to go!”
Prost’s frown was thunderous. Jelov groaned. He held out his hands imploringly.
“I can’t work on the large pieces all the time, Mister Prost! My mind wanders, so it does. And the little ones are so well-loved—they take me only a few minutes each!”
“And they net you a tidy sum. I told you that no one’s earning money in Riverfarm. Not yet; we’re pooling it and buying what we need. Do I need to shake what you have stashed away out? Turn it over, man!”
Prost growled. Jelov whined, but he reluctantly held out a pouch filled with bronze and copper coins. Disgusted, Prost emptied it into his money pouch.
“Prost! You’re hurting me! It’s just a bit of coin—half the folk who came here have their own money stored away! You’re not asking for their coin. And I work twice, no four times worth what I’d charge for eating or sleeping!”
