6.34 E
Page 2
Another man pointed to a spot where the wooden beam was ready to be driven deep into the earth. There was even scaffolding set up to let a man hammer it deep with a maul. Durene wrapped her arms around the beam in a bear-hug and lifted it. She saw two men grunting and lifting as well—it didn’t feel much different to her. Huffing, Durene shuffled it over.
“Dragons take me! Is she carrying that by herself?”
“Stand clear! Durene, put it in the hole. Nice and gentle—”
Durene obeyed Ram’s words and edged the bottom of the beam into the waiting foundation. The [Builders] moved around it, steadying it, tamping earth and making sure it was steady. Then a man with a mallet climbed up and began to drive it deeper, solidifying it until even the most powerful of impacts wouldn’t so much as budge it loose. Prost and Ram wiped their brows as they stepped back. They looked admiringly at Durene.
“I forgot how strong you were, girl. Hell on Rhir, you didn’t even need us, did you?”
Ram slapped Durene’s back cheerfully. She grinned.
“It was nice support, Mister Ram.”
He laughed and slapped her back again. Durene smiled and found the [Builder] woman was looking at her. She dusted off her hands, a bit embarrassed. It was a familiar look in Beycalt’s eyes. One of amazement—and fear. Durene supposed it would have taken all the people here to move that beam without her. Especially since they’d have to crowd about and get in each other’s way to lift it.
The woman hesitated, but then she put down her hammer and stood up. She walked over to Durene, hopped off the foundation of the house, and held out a hand.
“Did I hear Mister Prost right? You’re Durene?”
“That’s me.”
Durene lightly squeezed the woman’s hand. It was gloveless; but the woman’s calluses were nearly as tough as Durene’s own skin. The [Builder] gave her a firm handshake.
“Pleased. I’m Beycalt Newman. Only, without a man and [Forewoman] of this lot. And I do recognize you, come to think of it. You were with the army at Lancrel.”
Durene’s smile slipped away. Around her, Ram, Prost, and the other [Builders] went quiet. One of them took off his wicker hat. Durene nodded.
“I was. I’m sorry.”
Beycalt frowned.
“For what? I saw you smash at least thirty Goblins before we got away. You’ve got my thanks.”
She nodded to Durene. Speechless, the girl looked at Prost. He cleared his throat.
“We all owe you thanks, Durene. You and the brave lads…and lasses that fought there. Heycin, you were there, right?”
One of the men in the back nodded soberly.
“[Archers]. We got out fine. It’s good to see you, Durene.”
“You too.”
Durene waved at him. She vaguely recalled his face. But somehow, suddenly, she felt like she knew him as well as Ram. He nodded respectfully to her. The others looked from Durene to Heycin. Prost again broke the silence.
“Durene’s just been on her feet this morning. She’ll be getting her strength back. We probably shouldn’t have tested it—but she might come back this way if she’s needed. Then you lot won’t have any excuse to slack off, heh?”
That got a laugh. The [Builders] split up, getting back to work, and Ram waved at Prost and Durene before trotting back to lay the floorboards down with Beycalt. Durene stepped back, feeling…odd. Like someone still dreaming, really. She walked back with Prost and distinctly heard some of the men whispering and eying her.
“She’s the fiancé of this blind [Emperor]? Are you sure this place is…”
“Some kind of—”
