6.34 E
Page 11
Then she heard the shuffling. Something grunted. Durene whirled and Frostwing took off, screaming in alarm. Something was lurking around the side of her cottage. Durene hesitated. Her heart pounded in alarm—then she caught herself and made a fist. She strode forwards, ready to swing—
And paused. A large, green-furred bear blinked up at her. He was a giant, larger than any regular black bear and even brown bears. His fur was thick, the moss-green color that gave his species its name. The fur was dirty, and Durene could swear there was even a mushroom growing among the hairs.
But the bear seemed placid and content. He clearly recognized her because he came snuffling up to her, padding forwards with a tread heavier than even Durene’s. He leaned against her and sighed. Durene looked down.
“Bismarck?”
 
Day 52 – Durene
 
It was raining when Durene woke up. That didn’t bother her. The steady funnel of water pouring through the hole in her roof on the other hand definitely did. At first, Durene’s sleepiness conflated the water with her own bladder and she got up to pee. And then she saw water soaking her floorboards and shouted in disgust.
A bird screamed. Frostwing took off, flying about the cottage in alarm as Durene, muddled, rushed about for a bucket to contain the water. But after she saw her warped floorboards, she realized it was no use. The hole had been here for weeks, and her floor was ruined.
“Damn, damn—Frostwing, shut up!”
Durene shouted at the bird. Mercifully, Frostwing shut up. She stared as Durene, swearing, found a dusty hammer in her toolbox. She didn’t bother looking for her scrap wood—she just yanked up a floorboard and stomped outside. Durene had a ladder she kept for repairs for her roof; that at least was in the right place. The problem was that someone was in the way.
Bismarck, the bear, was snoozing in a den around the cottage’s back. He’d apparently fallen in love with her woodshed. And her root cellar. The bear had torn the door off her cellar and combined it with the woodshed to accommodate his bulk. Durene was too annoyed to be impressed with the Mossbear’s intelligence. She prodded at him.
“Gawl.”
Bismarck’s annoyed growl was deep and rumbling. It was the kind of sound that would have scared the urine out of anyone who heard it and saw his huge eyes open and his mouth reveal a row of teeth. Bismarck growled in annoyance and then looked up into Durene’s wet face and her glare.
“Move.”
He blinked, got up, and shuffled out of the way. Durene scowled at the broken back of her ladder. But half of it was working, so she propped it up, climbed up four rungs, and started pounding nails into her roof.
“Lousy—stupid—Frostwing, be quiet!”
The bird was protesting its captivity. Durene hammered the last nail into place, decided that was enough, and stomped inside. A glaring bird assailed her with more shrieks. Durene nearly shrieked back.
“I’ll get you some food! Be quiet!”
And Frostwing was. The bird watched as Durene cast about the cottage, only to realize that she did not, in fact, have any food. Anything she’d owned was long-since rotted. But Durene was saved from being screamed at by the sight of a basket filled with…food?
She peered inside. Dried meat, half-eaten, moldy potatoes, and fish bones peeked out at her. Durene recoiled from the smell, but Frostwing alighted on the basket and tore at it. Durene stared at it, and then at the shutters that had clearly been opened to let it go through.
“So that’s how they fed you. Left it and ran? And what are the potatoes for? Bismarck?”
