6.34 E
Page 6
“I don’t know if she’s here for more reasons than wanting to become part of whatever this is. It’s hard to imagine a [Lady] living as she does. But she does. And I’ll say this, Durene. Lady Rie’s one of the reasons why Riverfarm’s still working. She’s been buying supplies, using her connections—and managing the half of the village I can’t. I’m grateful to her.”
He met Durene’s eyes and she had to look away, embarrassed and ashamed of herself. At last, Prost checked the sky.
“I have to go. I need to organize more people to the [Farms]. To feed two thousand…we have to plant and harvest as fast as we can. Durene, I’ll leave you. But maybe there is somewhere you need to go first.”
“Where?”
“The cemetery.”
Durene froze. Prost looked west.
“I say that. But it’s more like a memorial spot. Not many graves. Still, there’s markers…it’s that way. By the old village. Seemed like a good spot to place it.”
He pointed. Then he looked at Durene and walked off. And the half-Troll girl followed his gaze and began to walk. And all the strangeness of waking, the bitterness and confusion of Laken being missing and doing strange things with Goblin prisoners—all of it became background.
She was there again. Walking side-by-side with men and women from Riverfarm and every village, city, and town in the region. A woman with a pointed hat aimed her wand at a ruined city. Durene saw the ranks of Humans moving faster. Then running. She heard a roar and echoed it. And from the city they came, thousands of green bodies, shrieking in their high-pitched war cries, fighting in the mud and gore. And Durene charged, swinging her club—and the dead fell. Goblins and people.
There they were. Buried in rows, in a place where a village had stood. Side-by-side. Neatly in death. Not how they had fallen. Durene halted as she left the neat, organized dirt roads of the village. Someone had cleared the spring growth from the ground in the immediate area, but sprouts still bloomed, poking through the soil.
Rows and rows of them.  The grave makers had been planted. But Prost was right. Few had been dug. The markers were what mattered. And they were neatly tended to, the flowers still fresh. The grief hung in the air, and the cemetery itself was quiet. Durene walked forwards, silently.
This was Riverfarm. The original Riverfarm. She remembered it. This used to be the southern end of the village. But it had been buried in snow after the avalanche. And only near the end had they recovered the deepest bodies. No one had wanted to rebuild here.
And now—the graves were quiet. Durene supposed they were visited, but Prost probably did keep everyone moving. So if the cemetery had visitors, it was later. She looked from gravestone to gravestone, reading the markings written in ash on wood, or in cases of stone, carved there.
Names. Sometimes with a [Class] and levels attached. Other times just left so. Sometimes with a few words, written in memory of the deceased. Or that the person had said in life. Rows and rows. So few that Durene recognized. Too many that she did.
 
Nielfra Grassc. [Huntress]. Died fighting Goblins.
Thel Grasse. [Hunter]. Died fighting Goblins.
Inmki. Aged 41.
Sadil Prowli, beloved child.
Grimby, the Woodsman of Windrest. 
Ellric Edsmund, died in the Battle for Lancrel.
Rachella—
Fin—
Vellima—
Haskel—
Aberal—
Tchronson—
 
Name after name. Each grave tended to. Some by family, and marked with care. Others placed there with respect, if not love. Durene walked past marker after marker. And, horribly, she felt nothing for so many.
