6.34 E
Page 4
“Yet. And I’m not charging them for food or rent. They work, they eat. We don’t have the resources to let them buy everything. Or are you going to pay for the house you live in alone? Or the wood we buy you? The tools Mister Helm forged for you ahead of everyone else?”
The [Carpenter]’s eyes slid sideways as Prost raised his voice.
“Well—I do suppose—I should get back to work. I have lots of work to do! I suppose an old man can’t take his time, can he? No. And when he goes out, he’s yelled at. I can’t wait for his Majesty to return. He was understanding of old folk’s needs…good to see you, Miss Durene!”
He edged backwards. Prost let him go. He turned to Durene with a sigh. She waved at Jelov, and then looked around. Miss Xathy was still staring, basket of greens in hand. The woman was short, rotund, with an apron on her front. Durene smiled at her, and then at the small gaggle of women, all of whom bore baskets filled with edibles taken from the wilderness.
“Pleased to meet you.”
“Ah—you too.”
Miss Xathy bowed very nervously to Durene and another woman thrust her basket behind her arm and nodded.
“Durene? A pleasure to see you. And about time you put Jelov in his place, Mister Prost. He’s been here every morning when you’re not in sight, selling his little ‘trinkets’. He’s got ten times what he gave you stashed away.”
Prost grimaced.
“I’ve no doubt, Miss Hecla. I’ll see to it. But we have more work to do. There’s time enough to make Jelov cough up what he’s taken.”
The sharp-nosed woman nodded.
“Indeed. And with that, let’s get this sorted and see what we can make of it, ladies! Durene, again, a pleasure.”
She turned, summoning the crowd with her. Durene stared at her as the woman, tall, straight-backed, wearing a new-looking dress with no embroidery, marched off. Short Miss Xathy gave Durene another long look before scurrying off.
“Do I know that lady? Miss Hecla?”
Prost paused. He stared at the women’s backs and nodded after a moment.
“She knows you. When the Goblins were attacking, I think your group was the one that saved her and her husband when they were fleeing on the road. They lost everything save for the clothes on their backs. She’s a right sort.”
“I don’t remember that either.”
The [Steward] looked up at Durene, and shook his head.
“No wonder you don’t. Hundreds of people know you and Emperor Laken for what you did. Still more came here just hearing about a safe haven. More still don’t know you or his Majesty. But that’ll change. He’s coming back. Until then—I’m keeping them all busy. Not one person doesn’t do work here. Building, foraging, making goods to sell, sewing clothes—everyone contributes. Even idiots like that [Painter], Calic.”
Prost sighed. He looked tired as he rubbed his neck. He turned to Durene with a smile.
“It’s good you’re back. I don’t know where you’ll fit in, but we can use you, Durene. I’d think it over, but I have to keep moving. Your cottage is right where you left it—we haven’t been able to get near it. Not with Bismarck and Frostwing guarding it.”
“Bismarck? And Frostwing? Laken didn’t take them with him?”
The man paused and shook his head.
“He didn’t. I think he thought you’d be here. They’re alive. Healthy—that bird’s a menace now. But I haven’t been able to see to them. Ah, dead gods, Durene. There’s so much to do.”
He sighed. And as Durene looked at him, she wondered how hard it had been. Part of her felt sorry for Mister Prost. Another part remembered the man who used to watch as the children threw rocks at her. And who told her to keep away from Laken.
