6.34 E
Page 5
Perhaps Prost remembered that too. He looked tiredly up at Durene.
“Things have changed, haven’t they, Durene? You know, I never apologized after the avalanche. I used to think of you as…well, I remember you digging up snow and pulling people out. Now look at you. You were fighting for us against those Goblins.”
He gestured at Durene and his eyes went to the visible section of scar on her chest. She raised a hand to cover it instinctively. Durene paused. Her throat worked for a second.
“Thanks, Mister Prost. But I lost that battle. I let everyone down.”
He looked surprised.
“Says who? That [Healer]? She saved lives, but she’s no—”
“No. She didn’t say it. I just know.”
Durene hung her head. Prost reached out, hesitated, and then grabbed Durene’s arm with a firm grip.
“No one thinks that. We all know you fought—hells, girl. When they brought you in, I was ashamed I wasn’t fighting myself. I always thought of you as invincible. We should have made you armor. Given you something other than a club to fight with! We thought our army was invincible because we beat the Goblins all those times before. I guess that was a wake up for everyone. His Majesty included.”
Durene nodded slowly. She felt a lump in her throat. And Laken was…
“What was that about, Mister Prost? Back there? Is he really bringing Goblins to Riverfarm? Why not kill them all?”
She clenched one fist. Prost hesitated and shook his head.
“I don’t know. But if Emperor Laken has his reasons, he has his reasons. And we’ll find out what they are when he arrives.”
“And you’re fine with that? After what they did? Why won’t Laken just get rid of them? You said he tried to make peace with that Goblin Chieftain! Why did he—are you really alright with this?”
Durene couldn’t understand. She waited and saw the older man hesitated. His jaw clenched. But his voice remained level.
“I don’t know. And no, Durene. I’m not fond of the idea of Goblin prisoners. But if Emperor Laken says so, he says so.”
“Really? You’re not going to have words with him?”
Durene was, right when Laken got back. She was…angry at him. He should have been here! She had stepped forwards months in time and she’d thought—she understood he had gone south, but if he could have been back? If he’d delayed to keep a bunch of Goblin prisoners? Again, Prost hesitated. But this time he met Durene’s eyes.
“No. I’ll hear him out. That’s all.”
“Really?”
The [Steward] nodded once.
“He found my daughter in snow ten feet deep. Ten more seconds, another minute—and I’d never have heard her voice again. If his Majesty says jump, I’ll ask why because I’m his [Steward]. And then I’ll do it. If he wants Goblins prisoners? He has them. That’s all there is to it.”
He turned his head. And it was that simple. For him. Durene clenched her fists. She didn’t think it was so simple. But Laken wasn’t here. And she…
“What do I do now, Mister Prost?”
He looked back at her.
“I don’t know. If you need rest—”
“I don’t.”
“Then I could use you in dozens of places. Farming, cutting wood, hauling, building—anywhere you want to be. But maybe you should visit your cottage, Durene. Check on Laken’s animals. You don’t have to do everything today. You just woke up. And if you really need help, Lady Rie or I will be about.”
“Rie. She’s helping too? You trust her?”
Durene muttered resentfully. She knew it was petty, especially after the way Rie had greeted her with such relief. Again, Prost shrugged.
