6.34 E
Page 30
Wiskeria was shouting and Frostwing was screaming when Durene got to her cottage at a run. But the scene wasn’t what she expected. A young man wearing a Runner’s insignia was cowering in the door of her house, ducking behind the door as an enraged Frostwing besieged him. She couldn’t get past the door, but Bismarck was snuffling around it, looking peeved. The young man was shouting at Wiskeria.
“Please, Miss! I’m begging, you, just send a response! Say yes, and I can go! If not—”
“My answer’s no!”
“Please! I can’t go back to her without an affirmative! Do you know what she’ll do to me if I don’t say yes? The last Runners who got on her bad side—”
He yelped as Bismarck nosed closer to the door and pulled it closer towards him. Wiskeria shouted back.
“Is it worse than being eaten by a Mossbear? Tell her no! I’m not going!”
The City Runner wavered. But he didn’t budge. His eyes were so fixed on Bismarck that he didn’t spot Durene. When he did his face went pale.
“Oh, dead gods—”
“Hey! That’s my cottage! Frostwing, stop! Bismarck, get back!”
“Durene? Where are my clothes?”
Wiskeria bellowed from around the cottage. The City Runner peeked around the door.
“Please, Miss! I’m terribly sorry. But I’m a City Runner on delivery! I have to have this [Witch]’s response or—”
Durene vanished around the cottage’s side. A few seconds later, a dripping, scowling, but very clean Wiskeria stomped back around. She yanked the door open.
“I said no. And you can’t get another answer from me. Tell Witch Thallisa that I will not be attending our coven’s meeting. And I’ve already told Mavika the same. If she threatens you, run away.”
“That won’t save me. You know what she’s like, don’t you?”
“Her hexes wear off. And she doesn’t hex people for doing their jobs. Just be polite.”
“Polite?”
The young man groaned. Wiskeria was unsympathetic.
“She won’t hex you. Now, get out of Durene’s cottage before she feeds you to her bird. Or her bear.”
The City Runner looked up at Durene. He stared at Bismarck, and at Frostwing, perched on Durene’s shoulder. He gulped. Then got up and ran for it. Frostwing took off and Durene called her back—after she’d dive-bombed the City Runner’s head once.
After he was gone, the two stood alone at Durene’s cottage. Wiskeria adjusted her hat and smoothed her green robes, which didn’t clash that badly. She looked reproachfully at Durene. The half-Troll girl had the grace to look ashamed.
“I didn’t know someone would find you here! What did he want?”
“The same thing as Mavika’s crows. I told you, my fellow [Witches] can’t force me to do anything.”
Durene nodded, but she was still a bit wary. She glanced down the road.
“Is it really alright to say no? That City Runner looked—spooked. Are you sure this… Thallisa won’t do something more serious?”
She was remembering the crow’s head from yesterday. Durene wiped her hand and Wiskeria noticed. She shook her head.
“She’s not Mavika. She threatens and bullies, and that’s about it. He’ll be fine. And I’m clean. Thanks for the clothes. What took you?”
“Lady Rie wants you to be a [General] too. She said…”
Durene relayed the encounter. Wiskeria looked grim, but all she did was adjust her spectacles and tug her hat lower in response to Rie’s assessment of the situation.
