6.34 E
Page 18
“So? We’re keeping order! They want a fight? Let them get some swords and we’ll have it out!”
Beniar snapped back, but his hot-temper cooled as he looked at Durene. He spat on Elmmet and shook his head.
“You’re right, Alvais. And we have to patrol. One—no, two of you take Elmmet straight to Prost. Anyone asks, you don’t answer! Don’t stop until he’s there and in chains! The rest of you, mount up! We need to sweep the road! I’ll get the gold back to Trader Gellid, but we need to check the roads before he takes them. Those [Bandits]…”
The other riders nodded. They began mounting their own horses as Beniar strode over to his. He paused, then turned back to Durene.
“Sorry, Durene. But we’ve got to ride. There’s a [Bandit] group hitting the roads and without Laken, we need to escort everyone there. I’ll catch you tonight, yeah?”
“Of course. It’s great to see you, Beniar. But—[Bandits]? [Thieves]? What’s happened?”
Durene waved at the limp man being hoisted over a saddle horn. One of the [Riders] shouted for the crowd who’d gathered to watch to make away. Beniar glanced at the sea of faces and Durene, turning, caught them as well. She jumped to see how many were just…watching. More people than Riverfarm had ever held were staring at her and Beniar. And the [Thief]. Frostwing flapped her wings uneasily. Beniar nodded at the crowd.
“That happened. It’s crazy. Once that Lord Veltras showed up, things quieted down. But people just kept pouring in. Without a home. And with Emperor Laken gone, everything’s a bit…off, you know?”
Durene nodded quietly. Beniar put his helmet back down and shook his head.
“When he gets back everything’ll be alright. Until then—I’m glad you’re back. Talk to Prost and see if you can join up with us. We could use your strength, Durene.”
“Fighting? Wiskeria told me she resigned. Where’s the army?”
Beniar paused. He slid his visor up and looked soberly at Durene.
“Besides the militia? We’re all of it. We need Wiskeria back. I can’t do this alone. Tell her that, would you?”
He nodded at Durene. Then he turned and galloped away. Durene watched him go. Then she found Chimmy in the crowd. Beniar wheeled his mount and roared.
“Darksky Riders, with me!”
They galloped off. Silently, Durene let Chimmy lead her back and the crowd, moving out of her way, decided to get to their jobs as well. The girl found her father seeing to the [Thief]. The two [Riders] were hauling him to a house and Prost’s disgusted look turned to one of relief when he saw Durene and his daughter.
“Chimmy! Durene! I heard about the thief. It was Master Elmmet all this time? Disgusting. The man was a [Councilman]! That disgusting, Creler-sucking—and what’s worse, Lancrel’s folk are already saying he’s been set up!”
He swore, and Chimmy, listening, glowered just as fiercely as her father. Prost noticed her watching and turned red. He coughed.
“Chimmy, thank you for bringing Durene to me. Go back and help the [cooks] now, or your mother and the [Washer] teams. There’s a good girl.”
“Aw, Da! But I could help Durene out! She doesn’t know where to go and I—”
“Back to work, Chimmy!”
The girl went, sulkily, pausing to wave at Durene. Prost closed his eyes. He looked tired and the sun was barely up. Durene looked in the direction of the [Thief].
“That was really a [Councilman]?”
“City folk. They don’t know their own neighbors.”
Prost sighed disgustedly. He ran a hand through his greying hair then looked at Durene.
