6.34 E
Page 28
“Before, I was content that things were going well. This is not the time for petty games. Or haven’t you noticed how perilous Riverfarm is? I’m sure Prost is aware, even if he downplays the situation.”
Rie’s voice was low. Unconsciously, Durene bent to address the considerably shorter woman.
“I uh, did. Do you mean you lied about not needing a bodyguard?”
“Of course I did. Go around unescorted? When the first bands of people started arriving I told Geram to watch me day and night. Many are simply desperate for a place to live. That is bad enough, but some are dangerous. You’ve heard there had been fights.”
“Prost…mentioned it. But I thought—”
“The folk of the city the Goblins sacked—Lancrel—regard their destroyed city as Emperor Laken’s fault. In his absence, several members of their ruling council seem to believe they deserve a voice in how Riverfarm is run. But for my presence and Mister Prost’s respect, I think they would try to replace him. By force.”
“What?”
Durene felt a chill. She looked back towards the village, as if she could see the Lancrel people. Then she remembered the ones who stared at her and called her a monster. Rie nodded tightly.
“Are you surprised? People who have lost power want it back. Desperately. And the only thing holding them back from behaving…well, it is my position as [Lady], the unity of Riverfarm and the country folk, and the presence of Beniar and his Darksky Riders is keeping order. But one disaster can fan the flames…this business with Master Elmmet may be a problem in itself.”
“He’s a [Thief]. I saw him changing his appearance. I didn’t know he could even do that.”
Durene shuddered. Rie just scowled.
“Level 30 [Thief]. Probably [Master of Faces] as a Skill. The problem is that his people don’t want to admit he is the scum he’s proven himself to be. They dislike being forced to work with ‘common’ [Farmers]. At least, the former upper classes do.”
“So kick them out! They don’t want to work? They can leave!”
Durene’s sharp tone made Rie smile. She flicked a lock of gleaming, dark purple hair out of her eyes. That was another thing Laken had never noticed because Durene had never told him. She wasn’t sure if Rie dyed it, or if it was one of those rare hair colors that was the byproduct of some magical accident or bloodline, but a sultry, smooth-skinned [Lady] with purple flowing hair and impeccable dress sense was too much for Durene.
“If only it were that simple, Durene. I’m afraid that even if a revolt didn’t start if we attempted to oust the dissidents, they would quickly turn into a hostile group. As bad as—no, worse than the [Bandits]. And I fear more Lancrel folk are flocking to Riverfarm, not least because many are already here, but because some see the opportunity this group does.”
“They want Riverfarm. That’s so—”
The [Lady] was nodding.
“It’s not all of them. Many are content to work here. It’s only a small core, a hundred, perhaps two, that are truly incorrigible.”
“In—what?”
“Impossible to work with. The rest are just frightened. They believe what the others say, that the Goblins were a ruse or manipulated by Laken to attack the city. Rumors of his ability to find monsters on the road have sadly been turned against him. Obviously, he didn’t protect cities who didn’t declare themselves for him, like Lancrel! And—there’s you. And Wiskeria, I’m afraid.”
“Because I’m half-Troll and Wiskeria’s the one who lost the battle.”
