6.34 E
Page 13
For two hours. And then Durene had to get up. She looked outside as Frostwing perched on her arm and Bismarck trotted outside. It was still raining. Durene was used to the spring rains and the downpour outside wasn’t too bad. In fact, one of Durene’s few [Farmer] Skills—[Weathersense]—told her that it wouldn’t be much longer before the downpour stopped.
It must have started in the night. And try as Durene might to hate the weather, she knew it was essential for the crops. Riverfarm needed water for the harvests. This was usual. It was just that Durene hadn’t been able to prepare herself. She looked at Frostwing and her stomach rumbled. That startled the bird; Frostwing fanned her wings and nearly took off.
“I’m hungry. There’s no food for me.”
Durene looked at the empty basket. The two animals had handily devoured the scraps. Not that Durene would have eaten from it anyways. She looked out the window.
“I’ve gotta go to Riverfarm, I guess.”
Durene opened the door. Sure enough, the rain was becoming a sprinkle. She would have gone outside, but Frostwing panicked. The bird pulled at Durene’s tunic, trying to pull her inside the cottage.
“Frostwing! Ow! Stop! I’m not going to leave you!”
The girl protested, but the bird refused to calm down. Exasperated, heartbroken, Durene looked around. Laken had asked for a hawker’s glove to let Frostwing land on his arm. He’d made one for her, but she hadn’t used it. She found it under a bed and put it on. Durene held out her arm like she’d seen Laken do.
“You can come with me! But only if you behave. Understand? Behave.”
The bird quieted down. Slowly, she hopped onto Durene’s arm and braced. Durene stared at her. The bird stared back. Slowly, Durene looked about. Bismarck paused as he backed into his den around the cottage back.
“You’ll scare everyone. You stay here, okay?”
“Gaeghr.”
The Mossbear made a sleepy sound. Durene eyed him. She decided it was fine. Bismarck rolled over in his little outdoor den and Durene wondered if this was what owning a dog was like. Probably not; all the dogs in Riverfarm used to hate her. They’d bark non-stop when she came near and even tried to bite her—until she’d thrown one that bit her arm into a tree. Then they just barked and ran away. Until the avalanche.
Slowly, balancing Frostwing on one arm until she got tired and the bird decided her shoulder was more fun, Durene descended into the village. It was even larger than last night. But Durene could see her old road slowly entering Riverfarm from the side, so she walked down into the village’s streets.
And she got lost. It seemed impossible, but even the few streets of Riverfarm were enough to throw Durene off. She stared at the flood of people walking about, some forming lines for food. There were multiple cooking stations, based out of buildings and awnings, serving food to people who grumbled and tried to stay out of the last of the rain. They stared back at Durene. Hundreds of faces as she trotted down the street. Frostwing uneasily fanned her wings and the murmurs increased.
“Five Families. Is that…?”
“Half-Troll? I thought she was on death’s bed!”
“—Durene—I told you. She’s Emperor Laken’s—”
“A giant! Killed a dozen Hobs herself. I saw it all—”
“Monster. Should have gone to Muerfurt. Or Kingscell. Anywhere but this.”
That last voice made Durene look around sharply. But she didn’t see who it was. A girl ran up to Durene in the street.
“Durene? Durene!”
