6.34 E
Page 17
“He did? I mean—I was just there. I saw him grab that [Trader]’s bag. Why are there thieves in Riverfarm? We have nothing to steal!”
Durene was shocked. The adventurer, no, the [Cataphract], just shook his head. He adjusted the full-body plate armor that was a symbol of his class; his steed was likewise enveloped in mail. He cut a fearsome sight, as did the [Riders] who only now caught up to them. Durene saw a band of sixteen riding down the street—seven the way Beniar had come, eight the other way. Clearly this had been a trap.
“You got him, Beniar? Who’s that? Durene?”
One of the [Riders] called out. Then she slid off her horse. More of them exclaimed and Durene saw familiar faces, adventurers and [Soldiers], coming off their horses. They surrounded Durene and then stared and swore as they saw the [Thief].
“Master Elmmet?”
“The very same. This bastard’s our [Thief]. I’m sure of it!”
Beniar scowled and kicked the comatose [Thief] in the stomach. Hard. The man groaned; Durene winced.
“What’d he do?”
“Only steal from anyone with coin for the last two weeks! Look—he’s got a face-changing Skill! I swore I saw a young man just a second ago.”
Beniar crouched down and showed Durene the man’s face. Durene saw dark brown hair and a beard. She frowned—she could have sworn the [Thief]’s face had been younger, clean-shaven, and light blonde!
“I saw a woman before Frostwing attacked him.”
“That’s how you ratted him out? I was just mounting up with the patrol when I heard the shouts. Lucky!”
Beniar whistled. He looked up as Frostwing, screaming, her beak bloody, swooped down. All the [Riders] ducked and two horses reared; Durene caught Frostwing on one arm and reached out.
“Good girl. Good Frostwing. You were amazing. Stop screaming? Please?”
Miracle of miracles, Frostwing did. She inspected the [Thief], looking very pleased with herself as she cleaned her beak on her plumage. Beniar whistled.
“Frostwing. I haven’t seen her since…yesterday. Prost makes me leave the food out. Durene, did you see Bismarck? That huge bear’s camped out behind your cottage!”
“I was there last night. How come no one fed Frostwing? Why didn’t she go with Laken?”
“It was too dangerous, according to him. They were fighting Goblins. He thought you’d be on your feet in a week. But for me, you would have. And after that—I tried feeding her, but she tried to savage me! But for the armor she’d have taken chunks out of me. You know she’s been hunting too? I saw her kill a fox just last week!”
Beniar reached out to Frostwing. She obligingly pecked at his face and he backed off. Durene soothed the bird again.
“I just woke up, Beniar. This is so much to take in—you know this [Thief]?”
The adventurer, reminded, scowled and looked down.
“Know him? He’s a big shot from Lancrel. Ah—they’re one of the big groups that came to Riverfarm when you were asleep. Those bastards are always saying they should have more of a say. They want to vote a [Mayor] in place of Prost—they keep saying that as if we don’t have an [Emperor]! But they’ve never seen Laken. His Majesty. Apparently this fellow was part of their leadership. Well, looks like he was just a dirty [Thief] again!”
He went to kick the man with a big windup, and one of the [Riders], an adventurer who’d been part of the Celestial Trackers, stopped him.
“Save it, Beniar! Let’s get this idiot tossed in the stocks or to Lady Rie or Mister Prost. They can sort it out. Elmmet’s one of Lancrel’s big leaders. [Thief] or not, they see you kicking here and there will be another fight.”
