6.35
Page 15
A [Knight] in a golden suit of armor painted with silver was slowly riding up the highway. He’d stopped once to address a family in a wagon, and he had a shield and mace strapped to his side. Ryoka blinked and pointed out the armored man to Charlay.
“What’s that?”
“Just a patrolling [Knight]. What, are there none around Reizmelt?”
“I’m from further south. Celum.”
“Oh, right. Well, you see them around here. They help get rid of [Thieves], patrol roads…they’re great if you get into trouble, unless the trouble gets them.”
Charlay shrugged. Ryoka hesitated. So they were like roaming police officers? This world’s version of a patrol car? She opened her mouth to ask another question and heard a voice from behind her.
“Ryoka Griffin.”
Ryoka turned. Dame Truvia was frowning at the [Knight] in gold. She lowered her visor and her pink-clad horse pawed the ground. Truvia reached for a holstered lance and nodded to Ryoka.
“Ah. I fear this is as far as I take you, Runner Ryoka. I bid you a safe journey, but I cannot accompany you to the edge of Walchaís lands. That is a [Knight] in service to House Averin. I recognize the colors. I must address him.”
“Address…?”
Ryoka stared blankly at Truvia, and then she remembered. One of the black flowers had come from—
Truvia rode past Ryoka, picking up speed. Charlay chortled and trotted back to watch; Truvia rode straight at the [Knight] and the traffic on the road parted to give her a wide space. People leaned out of their wagons, or stopped on the road, sensing what was about to happen.
“[Knight] of House Averin! Hold your ground!”
Dame Truvia roared across the highway. The gold-armored [Knight] looked up and raised a hand. He called back towards Truvia.
“What seems to be the matter, Lady Knight?”
His voice was conversational, friendly, even. Ryoka winced. Like the Clairei Knights, this one hadn’t gotten the message about the flowers, or he hadn’t understood the import. Truvia’s voice was loud enough for everyone in a hundred paces to hear clearly.
“Your order has insulted and cast false accusations against the name of House Walchaís and Lady Bethal, whom I serve! This insult cannot stand! The Knights of the Petal ride to their lady’s honor, and until our grievance is met, House Averin is our sworn enemy!”
She pointed her lance with one hand at the startled [Knight]’s chest.
“Sir, I challenge you! Put up your shield, or retreat!”
With that, she kicked her horse into a trot, and then a gallop, picking up steam and surging behind her shield. Ryoka could see the Averin [Knight] do a double-take. He swung his horse around, and raised a hand as he fumbled for his own equipment.
“Wait—what did you—wait, wait!”
Charlay danced in front of Ryoka and the Runner swore.
“Charlay, I can’t see!”
She shoved at the Centaur, but Charlay was, again, over a thousand pounds and all Ryoka managed to do was push herself back. She stepped around the Centaur and heard Truvia hit the Averin [Knight] along with a roar from the spectators.
Ryoka heard a crash, a horse’s scream, and finally got around Charlay, who was dancing with excitement. She saw the Averin [Knight] lying on the ground as Dame Truvia strode towards him.
“Dead gods, are you mad? We’re both [Knights]! I have no quarrel with you!”
He screamed up at her. Dame Truvia grabbed her weapon; she didn’t carry a sword or shield, but a spear to go with the lance.
“There is no excuse for dishonor! Draw your sword, ser!”
