6.35
Page 6
“Charlay, you know I work around Reizmelt normally. I might be going back there today.”
Ryoka decided to broach the subject at last. The Centauress snorted.
“You might. Or, you might take that very lucrative delivery down south. Where was it again?”
“I thought personal deliveries were supposed to be personal. So what if I do? It’s none of your business. Why have you been dogging me for three days? Do you like me that much?”
“Hah! Don’t make me laugh. I’m just scoping out my competition. Everyone’s making a fuss about your little run from Reizmelt to Walta; I’m not impressed. You might have a few unique Skills, but let’s remember who the better Runner is here.”
“Me?”
“Me! Don’t get overconfident, Ryoka. I’m a well-known City Runner around here. I have a nickname! Dustrider Charlay. I earned it after running in this area for two years.”
“I have a nickname too—”
The Centauress glared at Ryoka as they turned left down a street.
“Shut up! See, that’s your problem, Ryoka. You’re infringing on my turf. And my theme.”
“Your theme.”
“That’s right. I was doing this first, so I have dibs on the dust theme. I don’t mind you being the Wind Runner, but if people call you Duststorm Ryoka—just because you can make a bigger cloud, doesn’t mean you get to take my nickname! I’m the Dustrider! Dustrider Charlay!”
For emphasis, Charlay slapped her chest. Ryoka just stared at her. She could have sworn Charlay was her age, maybe a bit younger. But the way she acted…Ryoka thought about being the adult, but it was too tempting.
“I hear they call you Dusty Charlie.”
The Centauress’ face went scarlet. Ryoka had to laugh. She saw Charlay stiffen, then gallop ahead. If she had a horse’s ears, Ryoka was sure they would have been flat. Charlay widened the gap between her and Ryoka until she was right in front of the girl and Ryoka wondered if she’d take off to the guild or just do that the entire rest of the way. Instead, the Centauress shouted.
“[Spray Hoof]!”
“No, don’t you d—”
Ryoka shouted in outrage, but it was too late. One of Charlay’s hooves kicked backwards, striking a handy clump of exposed earth on the street where a cobblestone had been uprooted. Normally she’d kick up a cloud of dust, hence her name. This time though, the result was a huge splatter of mud and water.
“Gah! Damn it, Charlay!”
The young Human woman stopped as the mud splattered her front and face. She wiped at it and Charlay trotted back, looking smug.
“Don’t insult me, Pukey. You threw up on me, remember? As far as I’m concerned, this is the least you deserve.”
Ryoka gritted her teeth. Then her eyes widened. She pointed.
“Oh shit. Is that a snake on the ground?”
“Gyaaaaah!”
The Centauress jumped and ran screaming from what was, in fact, a line of horse crap. She turned to Ryoka, shaking.
“Don’t joke about that! Snakes aren’t funny!”
Ryoka chuckled as she wiped the worst of the muck off her face. Charlay glared and Ryoka stepped back in case she tried to bite. The two regarded each other in the damp street. Ryoka sighed.
“Now I’m dirty. Truce?”
“Fine. Truce. Here.”
Charlay tossed something at Ryoka. The young woman blinked.
“What is it?”
“Drying stone. Use it on the mud. It’ll probably get all of it. Don’t worry if it runs out; they’re cheap.”
“Thanks.”
Ryoka did just that. The stone didn’t break or disintegrate, and she handed it back. The two ran on. Charlay huffed as she ran next to Ryoka.
“I can’t believe you’re so mean to me. All the time! And I was nice to you even though you were so rude at the start.”
“I’m an awful person. You should know that by now.”
Charlay hesitated.
