6.35
Page 13
The tone needled Ryoka, but she’d caught the look on Charlay’s face. So had Jilta. The [Receptionist] pursed her lips, but slowly nodded.
“If you’re fine with it, Miss Ryoka. But I’m warning you, Charley. If Miss Ryoka complains or claims you interfered with her in any way—”
“I’m just running with her! It’ll be fine.”
The Centauress rolled her eyes. She trotted towards Ryoka and the Runner nodded. They were heading towards the doors at last when a last person stopped them. Dame Truvia. She approached the two and put her helmet on.
“You’re leaving on a delivery, Miss Griffin? Allow me to accompany you.”
Charlay’s jaw dropped. Ryoka blinked up at the pink [Knight].
“Me? But why?”
The older [Knight] smiled as she raised the visor to her helmet.
“Lady Bethal also bade me to ride with you. She would not wish you to suffer injury on her lands.”
“But I—”
Ryoka stared at Truvia, thought of Bethal, and then gave up. This was overkill, but Ryoka didn’t want to waste any more time. Charlay trotted out and the two saw that Truvia’s horse was already being led out of the stables. The horse had pink armor, like the rider. Charlay shook her head.
“You are so lucky. I’ve been trying to get a request from Lady Walchaís myself! Apparently she tips really well—and now you get an escort?”
“Will you be riding with us all the way, Dame Truvia?”
Ryoka called to the [Knight]. Dame Truvia mounted up in one motion and nodded down at Ryoka. Her voice was slightly muffled, but entirely distinct.
“As far as the outskirts of Walchaís lands, or if an incident takes me. I am on patrol. Don’t trouble yourself however; set whatever pace you please. I’ll keep up.”
The nonchalant air of the [Knight] as she sat on her horse in full armor made Ryoka raise her brows and Charlay snort. The Centaur and Human Runners looked at each other. A [Knight] was one thing, but this? This was their job. They grinned at each other.
“Nice and slow them, right Charlay?”
“Sure. Hey, can you use your wind-thing? You can conjure a breeze, right?”
Ryoka hesitated. She looked up. The wind was still blowing hard. The rain had stopped, but Ryoka still felt it. It was angry, wild—why? Ryoka reached for it, and finally understood.
Ah, that was it. Out there, somewhere, someone was trying to control the wind. And it was pissed.
“Nope. Feels like a [Weather Mage] or someone’s doing something to the wind. It’s out of my control today. Or rather, I wouldn’t risk it.”
She’d tried it once on a day like today. The wind had thrown her into a wagon. Charlay shrugged, her hair blowing in the strong gusts.
“Maybe it’s Alevica. She’s got a lot of weird abilities. Fine. Your legs still work without your wind?”
“All the time. We’re heading south. Dame Truvia, you can keep up?”
“After you.”
The [Knight] watched as Ryoka lowered herself into a Runner’s starting position. Charlay just tensed. The two took off like a shot, racing down the street, startling Truvia’s horse. She calmed it, and laughed as the two Runner’s raced out of the city. Then she dug her heels into her horse’s side and it raced after the two.
—-
 
Ryoka ran out of Walta with Charlay by her side. She raced across the outskirts, the suburbs that had sprung out around the city, and across wide, flat land devoted to farmland, or pastures for the horses.
Walta, no, the lands of Lady Bethal Walchaís, were rich. It reminded Ryoka of a true medieval world, only with less poverty and more Arthurian romance. A world, a time that had never truly existed in her world as far as Ryoka knew. But it existed here.
