6.35
Page 11
The hand was slim, but strong when Ryoka grasped it. And Alevica’s smile seemed genuine. Although there was a reserve there…she wasn’t challenging or anything. Ryoka almost thought she’d like Alevica’s boldness and the clear way she gave no care to how others saw her. Charlay trembling behind Ryoka gave her pause.
“Of course. I’m on a job, but if I see you around, I’d love to talk.”
“Sure. Something like that.”
Alevica nodded. Then she looked at Charlay, grinned, tugged on her hat, and walked past the two.
“I’ll see both of you around. It’s a small continent.”
She strode up to the counter, past Truvia and the other Runners, all of whom drew back at the sight of her. Jilta looked up sharply and Ryoka noted her wary expression as well. She pointed at Alevica’s back.
“Who’s that, Charlay?”
“Alevica. Don’t point! And don’t say anything bad about her!”
“Why? Is she some hotshot Runner?”
Ryoka didn’t see it. Alevica looked fit, but her calves didn’t speak of a runner to her. But she did have good ears. She turned her head and grinned as Jilta fumbled with something at the desk. Charlay whispered as she tried to pull Ryoka further back.
“She’s really good. Really good.”
“Better than you, the best City Runner in Walta?”
At the desk, Alevica burst out laughing. It was loud and mocking. The other Runners looked uneasy. Charlay paled. She whispered in Ryoka’s ear.
“Don’t quote me! That was a boast! Are you stupid? She’s faster than you or me in short distance travel. And she has the levels and Skills to be a Courier. But there’s more to passing the Runner’s Guild tests than just speed. Obviously.”
Even scared, Charlay still managed to find a way to be insulting. Ryoka blinked. That good? And if Charlay said so—why was she so afraid? She whispered to the Centauress.
“What’s holding her back?”
Charlay stared at Ryoka.
“The fact that it’s Alevica? You really haven’t heard of her? She’s famous around all the local Guilds! Reizmelt has to know of her!”
“I don’t keep up on other Runners.”
“Well, remember her! Alevica’s one of the least-trusted Runners, even though she’s a good one. She opens mail, threatens other Runners—and she’ll throw away important packages rather than deliver them if the client insults her! She could be a low-tier Courier, but you have to be sponsored to become a Courier and no Courier or any of the local Guildmasters will vouch for her.”
Ryoka whistled. That was exactly the kind of Runner she didn’t want to be. The ones with the lowest-reputations almost never got personal requests, or if they did, they were shady and dangerous. On the other hand, you could make good money doing what Alevica apparently did—if you didn’t mind attracting the wrath of your clientele. But from the way Alevica turned and grinned at Charlay, she didn’t mind the rumors about her.
At the desk, Jilta was fumbling with a paper. She didn’t look happy, but she eventually nodded and pulled something out. Ryoka blinked as she recognized a metal box, sealed with a magical lock. Jilta looked at Alevica.
“We do have one Steel-box delivery. It’s worth eighteen gold coins and seven silver if you manage it. The penalty is double, but—”
“I’ll take it.”
Alevica interrupted Jilta and casually reached into a pouch. She pulled out gold coins and began counting them onto the counter, carelessly. Ryoka and Charlay stared.
“A Steel-box delivery?”
“I didn’t know we had one. I’m glad though; I’m not paying that price! It must be a dangerous request!”
