6.35
Page 12
Ryoka nodded slowly. Steel-box deliveries were a form of request she’d been introduced to in the north. Sometimes someone wanted something delivered, but the cost of it being intercepted was too high and they might be wary about Runners risking their wrath. So what any citizen could do was post a high price on a delivery, but require a Runner to put their own gold on the line by way of insurance. If Alevica failed this delivery, she’d have to pay double the fee for success.
Naturally, this was a high-stakes delivery and the Runner’s Guilds usually demanded to know what was worth the risk. Steel-box deliveries weren’t often picked up and usually only confident or desperate City Runners or Couriers would take them. Alevica was clearly the former; she grabbed the box and headed for the door before Jilta had explained more than the destination.
“Wait, Alevica! The danger’s—”
“Don’t know, don’t care. Just have my gold when I get back.”
The City Runner tipped her hat and flashed Jilta a mocking smile. The [Receptionist] stopped, frowning, but she let Alevica go. Ryoka was impressed. She didn’t like the risk aspect of Steel-box deliveries. You put not only your reputation, but your own money on the line. And any delivery from a Steel-box delivery was guaranteed to have some peril on it.
As if she could read Ryoka’s mind, Alevica stopped and looked at the City Runner. She tapped the metal box with one hand.
“If you’ve the guts, try taking on one of these. The pay’s good, and sometimes it’s worth more not to deliver. We’ll see with this, won’t we?”
“Runner Alevica! You’re obligated to obey the Runner’s Guild rules—”
Jilta’s voice fell on deaf ears. Alevica strode out the door with the box under one arm. Charlay stared from behind Ryoka until she was gone, and then exhaled slowly.
“Wow. She’s the one person I didn’t want to meet today. Let’s get going before she decides to come back and cast a spell on us all or something.”
“Cast a spell…? Hold on, I’m going on my delivery. Sorry, Charlay, but this is where we part. It’ll take me days to get to my destination, and if I’m back in the area, we can meet again…”
Ryoka blinked, and tried to walk towards the door. But the Centauress, suddenly bold and bothersome again, just snorted.
“What? No. I’m bored, so I’m coming with you. I’ll keep you company. Two Runners are better than one, right?”
She trotted towards the door to the Guild. Ryoka stared at her.
“You want to follow me?”
“Yup. I want to see you actually run. Come on, where’re we going? And for who? You can tell me when we’re on the way if Jilta—”
Charlay winced as the [Receptionist] strode around her desk. Jilta waved a finger as the Centauress danced backwards.
“Miss Charlay, you cannot follow another Runner on her request, especially not a personal delivery!”
“But Jilta—”
“You’ve bothered Ryoka Griffin enough. Your behavior reflects on Walta’s Guild, and if you follow her, I’ll issue you a penalty—”
“It’s fine.”
Ryoka’s voice made both Centaur and Human turn. Jilta blinked at Ryoka.
“Miss Griffin, you don’t have to accommodate Charlay. I don’t care how Baleros does things, but here—”
“No, it’s fine, Jilta. I don’t think my client will mind. And I’ll take some company for the road.”
Ryoka looked at Charlay. The Centauress looked delighted, and then instantly tilted her head up and looked superior.
“I’m only doing it because I want to see how good you are, Ryoka. And to prove that I can outrun you any day of the week.”
“I’m sure.”
