6.35
Page 3
“Well, as I said, you’ve been very easy to look after. No messes, no blood or muck for my girls to tidy up—if you stop by Walta in the future, stay here by all means! I know you Runners, and I have no doubt I’ll see you again.”
Ryoka ducked her head, smiling.
“Thank you, Miss Iglesias. I’m normally around Reizmelt, but if I’m ever in the region for a delivery…”
She began to walk towards the door. But, too late, as Ryoka put one hand on the brass knob, she heard the sound she’d wanted to avoid. Clip-clop, clip-clop. 
Ryoka cursed. Miss Iglesias sighed, as she turned to greet another guest. Ryoka opened the door; there was still time to get away before—
“Good morning, Miss Iglesias! Ryoka! Hey, Ryoka, wait!”
A Centauress walked into the room. That wasn’t a euphemism. She trotted in, her shod hooves clattering on the floorboards as she navigated her way through the cozy inn. A Centaur.
Perhaps, if you had never met one, the idea of the half-human, half-horse species would be exotic. Fascinating. And while that was certainly all true of the female Centaur, something else had to be pointed out. A Centaur was half-horse. And as such, the first consideration anyone in the nearby vicinity of a Centaur did was—
Both Ryoka and Miss Iglesias stepped hurriedly out of the way as the Centauress clattered forwards. Her hooves touched the floor lightly, but the Centauress was still over seven feet in height and she had to weigh…Ryoka thought about horses from her world. A ton?
At least. And this Centauress wasn’t even a big example of her species. Her horse parts didn’t resemble the huge draft horses, but rather a lighter riding horse. She had tan fur with a few large, brown spots, pale brown skin, and blonde-gray hair, cut short, but styled—the Centauress trotted closer and Ryoka leapt back again. She was bare foot and she had no intention of having her foot broken by a stray hoof!
“Charlay, watch the hooves!”
The Centauress caught herself and checked her hoof placement. She tossed her head dismissively.
“What? I’m nowhere near your feet. Stop being such a foal, Ryoka. Hey, good thing I woke up, right? I nearly missed you. But for the rain and I would have slept in!”
She gestured outside at the clouds, which had decided to dump one last time before giving up. Ryoka eyed the Centauress. She had a light shirt on her upper half, concealing the place where her waist met the horse parts. Her lower half was bare today, although Ryoka had seen Charlay wearing a half-skirt or full dress that covered her horse bits. She eyed the street, but it was too late. Charlay smiled at the [Innkeeper], who gave her a polite smile of her own.
“Fair day to you as well, Charlay. How was your sleep?”
“Good. Thanks for the extra pillows. My legs were hurting from the ground yesterday. Ooh! Food’s already out?”
She eagerly trotted over to the buffet and inspected it.
“Just what I wanted. Ryoka, stick around. I want to eat first.”
The Asian girl groaned. Charlay never woke up this early. Both times before she’d been up in the late morning. But after a second of staring out of the inn, she closed the door and walked back to the buffet. Miss Iglesias gave Ryoka a sympathetic smile.
“Hey, Charlay. Good to see you. I’m probably leaving today—”
“That’s fine. I’ll run with you to the Guild. Hey, you want this?”
The Centauress waved a bowl and Ryoka saw what she was eating for breakfast. It was a bowl of boiled, steaming…
