6.35
Page 8
“I could do it in Baleros. They didn’t care there. Besides, everyone knows you can get information for free from the [Brokers].”
“Not in this Guild. If you’re not in line, step back. Runners get privacy.”
“What? But I—”
“Back, Charlay.”
The [Receptionist] pointed. Grumbling, Charlay did retreat until she probably couldn’t hear what was being said at the desk. The [Receptionist] watched her sharply and the Centauress innocently turned her head. The woman at the counter had dealt with the Centauress before, that was clear from the long-suffering sigh she let out. She looked at Ryoka apologetically.
“I’m sorry, Miss Griffin. Is she still following you about?”
“It’s fine.”
The [Receptionist], Jilta, the same woman who’d helped Ryoka on the first day by making her puke the potions that were poisoning her and getting the Knights of the Rose, gave Ryoka a rueful smile.
“She’ll get bored in time. She just…fixates on other City Runners, especially female ones around her age and level. She’s very competitive. Now, can I help you? Are you going to take the request from yesterday? The sender is ah, waiting on a reply.”
Jilta said it delicately, but Ryoka knew she was very interested. As interested as Charlay had been; the Centauress had bugged Ryoka all about it yesterday. A personal request? With money backed by two [Lords]? Asking Ryoka to deliver a handful of potions to Riverfarm?
It made no sense. But Ryoka, who knew who the real sender was, had thought it over hard last night. Laken Godart had asked her for help, and after thinking it over, there was only one real answer she could give. She slowly nodded.
“I…think I will.”
She had a lot to say to Laken and he had a lot to explain, but visiting Riverfarm was essential in either case. Jilta nodded sharply, and reached under the counter.
“Very well. It’s a priority delivery although there’s no time frame on it; I have er, six healing potions and three stamina potions here.”
She offered Ryoka a satchel. The Runner pulled out her bag of holding.
“I’ve got a bag.”
“Ah, well, place them inside—you’ll need to deliver them straight to Lady Rie Valerund. They’re…just generic potions we bought from the local [Alchemist]. The request did say to do that, but…”
Jilta looked at Ryoka, and only her professionalism kept her from asking the obvious. Who paid that much gold to get a bunch of potions you could get anywhere? The answer had to be that it was either something that had to be delivered personally—a message or secret item with the potions—or the Runner herself. Ryoka smiled and didn’t explain.
“I’ll get it there as fast as I can. Can I see a map?”
“Of course.”
The [Receptionist] pulled one out. Ryoka studied the route to Riverfarm; it was south of Walta and Bethal’s lands, southwest of Invrisil, a bit of land in the shadow of a small mountain not claimed by any noble house. The Valerund family, whose [Lady] was apparently at Riverfarm, had a small area of influence, but they were a day’s journey away from Riverfarm.
“Looks straight enough. I’ll be going through this marsh—I hate marshes. But aside from that, it’s straight. Thanks, I’ll head out right away.”
Ryoka nodded at Jilta. The [Receptionist] smiled.
“Of course. If you want to come back this way, I can do the confirmation. But of course, any large Runner’s Guild can handle it. Even so, we’d be happy to see you here again, Miss Griffin. You’ve been the talk of the Guild since your dramatic delivery.”
