6.35
Page 2
The woman sighed as she turned to greet Ryoka, goat-cheese and bun in hand. Ryoka eyed the bread and decided she was having that first, with some of the roasted meat. Miss Iglesias’ inn might not have had the random excitement that was an attraction or a deterrent in Erin’s inn, or the dirt-cheap prices and unique…personality that was Madain’s inn. But it was arguably better than both.
Ryoka knew that was an insult to Erin, but did she have a dedicated [Cook] with [Advanced Cooking] and a host of other Skills like [Rising Dough] or [Two Hour Warmth]. Maybe her inn had changed, but Ryoka saw a [Maid]—not a [Barmaid], just a [Maid]—delicately arranging a gentle-smelling bouquet next to the dishes of warm, delicious food. Still warm, thanks to that Skill and fresh as…
Ryoka’s mouth watered. Say what you will, and Erin did make a good pizza, but this was home-cooking and as much as you wanted of it.
Fresh and organic too, if that was your fancy. Ryoka would settle for delicious. She nodded politely to the smiling Miss Iglesias.
“Good morning to you too, Miss Iglesias. I’m not so sure it’ll be a fair one, though. The rain might clear up but you shouldn’t count on hanging anything out; the wind will be blowing hard all day.”
“Really? My [Gardener] friend swore her [Weathersense] told her it would be only rainy tomorrow, but perfect for gardening later on if I wore boots. But if anyone would know, it would be you, wouldn’t it?”
Miss Iglesias glanced out of one of her glass windows with a frown. Ryoka grimaced.
“I’m not an expert Miss Iglesias, so don’t quote me on it. If I’m wrong, I’d be delighted. But…uh, this breakfast looks lovely.”
“Oh! I’m terribly sorry. Go on and enjoy yourself by all means. I imagine you’ll want to be up and about. Will you be staying another day?”
The woman stepped aside so Ryoka could fill a plate and chat at the same time. Biting into her first cheese-and–sausage roll—Miss Iglesias stood on no customs aside from the bit about hanky and panky and horrifically graphic displays of sex—she swallowed and then replied
“I doubt it, Miss Iglesias. I have all my gear in my bag of holding here—I’m paid up, aren’t I?”
She patted the bag at her side. Miss Iglesias nodded.
“You’re free to leave, but I will keep your room open until tonight. If you wish to stay you need only return. You have been a good guest.”
“Thank you.”
Ryoka smiled gratefully. Miss Iglesias was used to travellers, being one of the more popular inns for travellers to stop by. She had any number of rooms available, but her keeping Ryoka’s open for a day was still generous.
Ryoka helped herself to a big breakfast—she might be eating rations on the road if she took the offer she’d gotten yesterday. She might have lingered to talk with Miss Iglesias, but a howl of wind against the windows made her, the innkeeper, and a few guests enjoying the early breakfast look up.
“What a storm. My garden will need no end of work after this.”
Exasperated, Miss Iglesias went to the window and peered outside. Ryoka grimaced, trying to imagine running in that but—her internal sense told her the wind was upset. But that didn’t correlate to the rain. Indeed, it was just a light sprinkle now. Ryoka brightened; she could handle that. And the noise made her realize something else.
“Ah, Miss Iglesias, I might be taking off now. I’m very grateful for your hospitality…
The woman turned and realized Ryoka was edging towards the door. She opened her mouth and then realized why Ryoka was in a hurry. So she smiled understandingly and reached out to shake Ryoka’s hand gently.
