6.35
Page 7
“Well, you’re better than a lot of other Humans. No one else’ll talk to me, much less talk back. Half of you lot are too scared to talk! The other half just act like I’m an idiot, or…weird.”
“I don’t think there are many Centaurs on Izril.”
“There aren’t. But it’s not like I’m rare. There are just too many Humans! We’re all over the place in Baleros, especially the middle. The south’s mostly Lizardfolk and Gazers in the jungles. And Humans. You lot get everywhere. And the north is too cold for anyone but Dullahans.”
“But not many on Izril, right?”
“Nope. And it’s a shame. Izril has these lovely flat places, especially in the north. If it wasn’t for the need to cross the ocean on boats, I think there would be tens of thousands of us here.”
The Centauress shuddered. Ryoka regarded her thoughtfully. Three days had taught Ryoka a lot about Charlay, if only because the Centauress had stuck to her like glue. She had a horse’s palate for bland foods; she couldn’t handle spices and she went absolutely nuts for salty, savory stuff. She was afraid of snakes, had a temper, got seasick just staring at a bathtub—
Oh, and she held grudges.
“You know, if you didn’t keep insulting how fast I ran and calling me the ‘Puke Runner’, or ‘Pukey’, or ‘Ryoka the Vomitter’, I’d be nicer to you.”
Charlay turned her head and glared.
“You threw up. On me. Where’s my apology?”
“Lying somewhere on the road with the last fourteen apologies I gave you. Will you give it a rest? Why are you really following me? It’s not for the fun. Don’t you have a job to do? You haven’t made one delivery since I got here.”
“I don’t have to take jobs all the time. I’m a successful City Runner. What, do you spend all your coin after each delivery in the taverns?”
“No…”
“Then what’s the problem? Jeeze, why are you so rude? You’re the rudest Human I’ve met, you know. And that includes a lot of my clients!”
Ryoka sighed. Walta’s Runner’s Guild appeared on the edge of the city at last. It was sprawling, and had a stable attached—a lot of the local Runners used horses. It wasn’t economical for a lot of Runners, but the city was good for horses and there was a lot of flatland around. Charlay trotted in first, and didn’t hold the door open for Ryoka. To be fair, it would’ve been hard with her body shape, but she was at the [Receptionist]’s desk, pawing the floorboards when Ryoka walked over.
“We’re here! Hey Jilta! Ryoka’s here to take that personal request!”
Charlay called out loudly. Ryoka sighed as some of the Runners in the Guild looked up. She’d met a lot of them the last two days and some waved at her in a friendly way. She waved and smiled back and was grateful for Charlay’s presence for the first time; but for her and the others might have come over to talk to her.
It was true that Ryoka’s run had been noted, if not by the entire world than by the local Runners and those interested in such things. Her run hadn’t been the fastest, but it had been for a [Lady] of renown and Ryoka had beaten a number of groups aiming to intercept her. It hadn’t been easy; Ryoka had paid a price for using so many potions and calling on the wind. But she’d done it and the fruits of her rewards was the attention she gathered. And Charlay following her.
The [Receptionist] at the desk sighed as Ryoka stepped up. She gave Charlay a sharp look that the Centauress innocently returned.
“Charlay! You can’t announce things like that on Ryoka’s behalf, much less publicly! There are rules, you know!”
