6.35
Page 16
She charged, and the Averin [Knight] swore and grabbed his mace. Ryoka decided that was enough and started running, watching the battle as the two warriors, one dressed in gold and silver, the other pink, began dueling along the highway. Ryoka ran south, past the traffic jam and people calling out to ask what had happened up ahead. The clash echoing behind the two Runners made Ryoka wince. The Centauress just smiled.
“I like the people living around here. It reminds me of home.”
“It’s certainly…fun.”
Ryoka had to smile as they ran ahead. The two Runners passed further down the road, calling out to the people shouting warily to know if there was danger ahead what was going down. The wagons couldn’t move off the road, but any number of people hopped down or walked or rode ahead to see. The fight between the [Knights] was certainly something Ryoka wanted to see, but she had a job to do.
And Riverfarm and Laken—Ryoka’s mood grew less exuberant. Yes, she had a debt to pay, but to whom and how, she had no idea. She just wanted to see the trouble Laken had hinted about. After that—
“Ryoka!”
Ahead of her, Charlay suddenly drew up, nearly rearing in alarm. Ryoka halted at once, and her hand went to her bag of holding. Then she saw what Charlay had seen and blinked.
“Are you serious?”
A familiar face was poking out of a carriage rolling past them. The vehicle wasn’t going that fast due to the traffic, but the amused face that met Ryoka’s eyes was familiar. Ryoka had just seen her.
Alevica, the strange City Runner that scared Charlay, was sitting in the carriage. She had hired it, along with three other bored passengers. She was riding one of the travel-carriages that went from city to city. It was an expensive option, but quick and comfortable.
“Alevica?”
Ryoka stared. Charlay just froze. The young woman with the blue hair and hat nodded to Ryoka and to Charlay.
“You’re heading this way too. Fancy that.”
“I—yeah. Are you taking the carriage?”
Alevica smiled.
“It’s safe, secure, and pretty quick. Why? Want a ride?”
She patted the seat next to her. Ryoka just shook her head. Alevica was a bad Runner. She wasn’t running, first of all. Ryoka supposed the payment for the carriage wasn’t much given how much she stood to earn, but she was putting everyone in that carriage at risk!
If someone wanted the Steel-box delivery she had, they’d attack the carriage. Ryoka opened her mouth to say so, and saw Alevica looking at her. Just…looking. As if she knew exactly what Ryoka was going to say, and just wanted to know if she’d say it.
Slowly, Ryoka closed her mouth. Alevica nodded to herself and her smile grew a bit deeper.
“It’s not a bad way to travel. I’ll go my own way if I need to. But it really does save energy. You’re running barefoot? It’s a long journey for me. You too, I suspect. Why not ride with me? It’ll be free.”
She offered carelessly, ignoring the looks the other passengers and the driver gave her. Ryoka hesitated and she looked at Charlay.
“Charlay won’t fit.”
“I didn’t offer her. If she wants, she can run alongside the carriage. She’s a Centaur. She could keep up.”
Alevica’s eyes didn’t change once as she turned to regard Charlay. The Centauress shuddered.
“I’ll—I’m—”
She looked at Ryoka. The Runner girl didn’t have to think twice.
“Thanks, but we like running, Alevica. Maybe some other time.”
The young woman shrugged.
“As you please. You’ll make better time than we will. Looks like that [Knight] duel is stopping us. See you around, Wind Runner, Charlay.”
