6.35
Page 17
She waved at the two and Ryoka slowly kept on running. Charlay gratefully followed her. The two were silent as they ran further, and then Ryoka turned to Charlay.
“Okay, what is Alevica? A [Mage] with a temper? Some kind of criminal class? What?”
The Centauress shook her head and warily cast a glance back down the road at the stopped carriage. As she ran she leaned down and whisper-shouted to Ryoka.
“She’s a [Witch]! We don’t have them on Baleros. Not really. We have different classes. But Ryoka—I’m glad you didn’t ride with her, but if she ever tells you to do something—do it. She’s powerful and dangerous.”
Ryoka nodded. Alevica gave her that impression. She was no Persua, who was a mean girl taken to the extreme of pushing someone into a wagon. Alevica looked like the kind of person you made enemies with and then tried to kill before she killed you. She gave Ryoka goose bumps. Then Ryoka latched onto what Charlay had said and her skin and that sense inside her tingled.
“A [Witch]? Are you serious?”
She turned her head. Alevica was out of sight, but that dress, the hat—yes! It wasn’t classic Harry Potter, but it all fit. Ryoka was just so used to [Mages] that she hadn’t noticed. Charlay nodded. She slowed to a trot, and Ryoka saw her breathing hard.
“What makes you so scared of her, Charlay?”
The Centauress hesitated. She looked back and Ryoka saw her shudder again. This time, when she spoke there was no bravado, only fear.
“I just heard rumors. And one time I…I was in the guild and she cut in line. So I said some things and later on the road, she passed me. I think she cast a spell because the next thing I know, my tail caught on fire.”
She gestured at her tail with a shaking hand. Ryoka stared at the pale hair. It looked alright to her, but there was something…she looked at the Centauress. There were tears in her eyes.
“I couldn’t put it out. I had to use four healing potions until the fire stopped and my fur…”
Ryoka looked closer. Charlay pulled away, but Ryoka had seen the faint imprint around Charlay’s hindquarters and tail. Traces of a burn scar. She looked back sharply at Alevica’s carriage.
“Maybe I’ll go back. I don’t feel like running anymore.”
Charlay slowly pawed at the ground with one hoof, her upper body drooping. She looked unhappy. And Ryoka, looking at her, was struck by a thought. Charlay had followed her for the last three days, bickering, insulting, but always waiting for Ryoka. Talking with her, running at her pace. It might be her personality, but she hadn’t been unpleasant all the time. And not once had Ryoka ever seen one of Charlay’s friends looking for the Centaur.
Slowly, the young woman looked at Charlay.
“If you want to go back to Walta, no one’s stopping you. But…hey, I could really use someone to run with. Want to check out Riverfarm? That’s where I’m headed. You could do some deliveries on the way. And I wouldn’t mind the company, really.”
Charlay paused. She looked at Ryoka, and her miserable expression vanished. She perked up, visibly. Then she hesitated. Ryoka saw the head toss coming, and recognized it as what it was. Bravado.
“Well, I suppose if you insist. I don’t like you, Ryoka. You’re rude, slow, and you took my theme. But I suppose I could keep you company.”
She hesitated, and peeked at Ryoka out of the corner of one eye. Ryoka folded her arms.
“Is that how you really think?”
“Yes. No. Okay, fine! I would like to come, happy?”
The Centauress stamped one hoof. She glared at Ryoka.
