6.35
Page 4
Oats. As bland as licking wheat seasoned with white rice on top of unsalted porridge with a bit of whole-grain bread for that rare contrast in flavor. Ryoka and Miss Iglesias watched as Charley happily filled a bowl with the stuff and added some grains of brown sugar and bits of pepper flakes.
Ryoka resigned herself to another helping and took about four times what Charley had to add to a lovely browned sausage with some eggs. She liked the flavor and the pepper wasn’t so much hot as sweet to her palate. But Charlay blew out her cheeks halfway through her bowl.
“Hot! This is spicy stuff, Miss Iglesias! You should warn people or they might get indigestion!”
The Human woman raised her eyebrows, but only nodded and took Charlay’s suggestion ‘under advisement’. Ryoka waited as Charlay ate one bowl, then another, and coughed.
“I need to be going—”
“What’s the hurry? I’m done, I guess. Good food, Miss Iglesias. Thanks for putting it out for me.”
The Centauress craned her upper body to speak to the woman while her horse half shuffled around towards the door. Miss Iglesias pulled a chair out of the way; Ryoka just stood back. Charlay was bigger than Calruz, both in height and body. And in a building built for Humans, she was like an elephant. Or a horse.
“Not a problem my dear. Will you want supper? Or lunch?”
Charlay shook her head impatiently.
“I’m done. And I’ve paid my room; I don’t know if I’ll be back, but I’m packed up. Let’s go, Ryoka.”
She trotted towards the door without even saying goodbye. Ryoka went back to Miss Iglesias and shook her hand again.
“Thank you again, Miss Iglesias.”
“Best of luck, Ryoka dear. And you too, Charlay.”
“Oh. Yeah. Thanks!”
The Centauress turned her upper half, nearly out of the door. Ryoka sighed and followed her. She found the Centauress outside, stretching.
“Good food, right? I like staying at the Rose’s Retreat. It doesn’t have stairs and Miss Charlay gets oats just for me. You liked it?”
“Yup. It was great.”
“Awesome. Stay away from me. I don’t need you throwing up on me again.”
Ryoka paused as she stretched out her own legs. The Centauress smirked at her. She worked in the region around Walta as a well-known City Runner. And she was good at her job; so good that Ryoka had given up trying to lose her. Now the Centauress pointed in the direction of the Runner’s Guild.
“Come on, let’s run to the Guild. The streets aren’t that wet and the rain’s stopped. Last one there is a mule!”
So saying, she took off. Ryoka watched her go and kept stretching; after three dozen feet, the Centauress noticed Ryoka wasn’t following and galloped back. She scowled at the young woman.
“Slowpoke. Afraid to race me?”
“I’m stretching. And I’m not racing.”
“Afraid I’ll beat you again?”
Ryoka sighed.
“You’re a Centaur. I don’t race things with four legs.”
“That’s not what you said last time. Or the time before that. Come on, afraid I’ll beat you a third time?”
The young woman refused to rise to the bait. She took off running with a slow, contained pace, and after a moment, Charlay followed her. Then at least, Ryoka had some peace. She ran down the streets of Walta, still slick with rain and deserted for the moment. The rains had kept everyone indoors, and so the two female Runners proceeded down the street at a quick jog by Ryoka’s standards.
