6.35
Page 9
Ryoka felt her face heat up. Jilta was in her late twenties, a former Runner herself. Ryoka didn’t recall much of what had happened when she’d staggered into the Guild—she recalled throwing up on Charlay, and the Centauress reminded her of that every few seconds—but she also remembered Jilta helping her puke onto the floor. Ryoka cleared her throat.
“I’m really grateful for all the help. I was an imposition, with the wind, the sand…”
Jilta waved that away.
“It was a request from Lady Walchaís. And this is my job. As I said, you’re welcome back here. And you’re easier to deal with than…”
She nodded at Charlay. Ryoka grinned and ducked her head.
“Thanks again.”
She turned to go and jumped. Someone else was waiting in line with Charlay. Only, this woman wasn’t a Runner. A woman in bright pink armor with a shock of grey in her black hair nodded to Ryoka as she tucked her helmet under one arm. Ryoka stared at the Knight of the Petal as Charlay blinked and stepped out of the way. The Runners in the Guild and Jilta looked up. There was a flurry of bows as the [Knight] strode forwards. The woman halted in front of Ryoka and offered her a slight formal bow.
“Miss Griffin. Good morning to you.”
“Dame Truvia. Uh—how can I help you?”
Ryoka recognized one of the senior Knights of the Petal, one of the protectors of Walta. Dame Truvia was a Knight of the Petal, like the others that Ryoka had met. Lady Bethal’s personal order of [Knights]. They garnered a lot of respect from Walta’s citizens, but also in general; the Knights of the Petal were a fairly powerful order of [Knights] for their size, or so Ryoka gathered. Her presence certainly had an effect on the rest of the guild. Jilta bowed again.
“Dame Truvia! I’m terribly sorry to keep you waiting. We’re just opening—how can I help you?”
She was poised, ready to attend to any of the [Knight]’s needs at once. Truvia smiled, her stern face warming slightly.
“I have no need of your assistance, Miss Griffin. Nor do I need to place an order, Miss Receptionist. I am simply here to check up on Miss Ryoka’s condition.”
“With me?”
Ryoka blinked. Charlay was staring behind her. Truvia nodded.
“Lady Bethal was most impressed with your run, especially the…spectacle of it. She ordered me to check up on you before you left.”
“That’s kind of her. Er, Lady Bethal was very generous. If she has any other requests, I would be happy to take them.”
Ryoka bowed awkwardly. Sending a [Knight] just to see if she was well was strange. But Bethal Walchaís defined the word. Ryoka distinctly recalled the woman. Passionate and strange barely described her. Truvia nodded, looking Ryoka up and down.
“I’m sure Lady Bethal will remember you. It is just a formality. Forgive me for imposing.”
She bowed to Ryoka and Jilta. There was something so graceful about her humility. Impressive too; the woman was almost everything Ryoka wanted to be at her age of around…forty? Fifty? Except for the pink.
“Not at all, Dame Truvia. It’s an honor to have you in the Guild. Can I offer you refreshments? Anything else…?”
Jilta was fussing over the woman, looking star-struck as if Truvia were a minor celebrity. Which…she was. Ryoka stepped back, and Charlay trotted forwards. Breathless, the Centauress held out a hand.
“Dame Truvia? Dustrider Charley, at your service. I’m the best Runner in Walta, and if you have any needs, any at all—”
Truvia turned politely to Charlay, barely blinking over the Centauress. Ryoka saw Jilta’s face color and the [Receptionist] chased Charlay away. Charlay trotted back, looking hurt.
