6.35
Page 10
“I’m just making an impression. Sheesh! No one else in this Guild does it, but why not?”
“I think that’s another thing they do in Baleros but not here.”
“Hah. Baleros is more open. Here’s too much about etiquette. I could talk to a Named Adventurer or famous leader of a Company in Baleros. Okay, maybe not Marian if I saw her, but that’s different.”
Charlay huffed as she watched Truvia speaking with Jilta and a few Runners who’d decided to follow Charlay forwards. She stared at the Rose Knight’s armor, clearly impressed. Then she bumped Ryoka with her hindquarters.
“One of Lady Bethal’s personal [Knights], here just to make sure you didn’t sprain an ankle. And you got to do a delivery for her! You got lucky. If I was there, I’d have done the run in half the time and without half as much puke!”
“Yeah, yeah. You’re not that much faster.”
Ryoka glared at Charlay. She hated to admit it, but the Centauress really was faster than her. Charlay refused to be placated though. She tossed her head again and stamped a hoof.
“Not that much faster? I’m twice as fast as you. Just check the rankings! Any [Broker] could tell you how good you are, if you’re important. I am. I suppose you are now. But I’m still better. You barely qualify for Courier rank and you were out for two days recovering after that! I’m well faster.”
“I know the rankings.”
Ryoka folded her arms. She hadn’t known they’d existed until Fierre told her about them. And she’d seen the ones Jilta kept as a [Receptionist].
“It says your endurance needs work. And you have a lower combat ranking than me.”
“That’s just—”
The two were pleasantly bickering as Ryoka walked towards the door. Then the door opened and let another Runner in. At least, Ryoka assumed it was a Runner. A young woman with a shock of light blue hair walked into the Guild. That caught Ryoka’s eye first. The hair color. Then she took in the entire young woman and blinked.
The woman was in her late-twenties, had blue hair, a hat, and robes. Her hat was slightly pointed, but angled, swooping off to a point behind her. And both her robes and hat were that of a [Mage]. But her body, the way she walked, all spoke to Ryoka of someone who was athletic. Her corneas were a bright, pale pink.
She was striking. But there was one other reason Ryoka stared. She felt a strange tugging at her chest, almost like the sense that told her the wind wouldn’t obey any of her commands today unless Ryoka really pushed. It was odd, unfamiliar—
The young woman walked into the guild and noticed Ryoka and Charlay in her way. Rather than walk past them she stopped and stared. There was nothing apologetic or furtive about the way she did it, she just stopped and looked both up and down.
“So you’re the Wind Runner, huh? Interesting. And here’s Charlay, already following you about. Hi, horse-girl. Anything interesting about?”
The introduction caught Ryoka off-guard. She winced, expecting Charlay to have a snappy response, but the Centauress froze.
“A—Alevica! I—I wasn’t doing anything. I was just talking with Ryoka.”
The strange new Runner eyed Charlay as the Centauress backed up and tried to hide behind Ryoka. She had a piercing stare and when she smiled—Charlay grabbed Ryoka’s shoulder and Ryoka felt the Centauress’ hands shaking slightly.
“Fine. Hey, you are the Wind Runner, right? You feel like the wind.”
Surprised, Ryoka turned back to the stranger. She’d assumed her face was known, but perhaps not.
“That’s me.”
“The name’s Alevica. City Runner, like you. I hear you’re good. Slow, but you conjured a storm. I saw it. Let’s get along.”
