6.36 E
Page 4
“I didn’t think anything could keep you down more than a day, girl. When I heard your wound got infected—it’s a terrible thing. But you’re back and in a day, you caught that damn [Thief]! And that slimy Elmmet no less! He’d have never been able to get away with it for so long if his Majesty were here.”
Durene nodded soberly. Laken would have sensed Elmmet stealing right off. Helm sighed, but then he adjusted his belt.
“Not long now until he gets back, though. I’m looking forwards to it—he can restore order. Not that Prost and Lady Rie don’t do a good enough job, but Emperor Laken—he’s the one who can get things moving. There’s always more houses that need putting up, I’d like half a dozen more hands helping me churn out what Riverfarm needs—get us ore instead of having us having to smelt or buy the damn stuff ourselves—”
Someone elbowed Helm in the side and forced him back. Another woman stepped up, scowling at the [Blacksmith].
“Don’t monopolize Durene with your complaints, Helm! How are you, Miss Durene? Ignore Helm. He hasn’t changed from Windrest. When Emperor Laken comes back, kicking Helm into shape’ll be his hardest task, I have no doubt.”
“How dare you, Mallie! You think I haven’t been working from dawn till dusk?”
Helm spluttered at the [Washerwoman] as she shook Durene’s hand with two of her own, smiling. More of the villagers crowded around and Durene, surprised and touched by the affection, shook hands and exchanged hugs, trying not to blush.
She failed. Durene liked Windrest’s folk. They didn’t have any baggage with her past, and they’d known her and Laken for months before the battle at Lancrel. She didn’t know them all of course, and some of the villagers in this meeting were here just to meet Durene.
“I…saw you, didn’t I? When the army of his—er, Emperor Godart—sent them to fight the Goblins harassing our village. You were with them. I’m Miss Baker. A pleasure. Miss Durene?”
A small woman peered up at Durene, looking cautious, but managing a smile. Durene nodded.
“I’m a [Paladin], Miss Baker. I uh, I fought with the army. I might be doing that again, but today I’ll be helping out.”
“Oh! A [Paladin]? I’ve never heard of that class. What is it about, please?”
The woman’s eyes widened respectfully. Durene felt a surge of pride and a smile flashed around those in the know. Durene used the easiest explanation she knew.
“A [Paladin] is a special a kind of [Knight] that serves [Emperors], Miss Baker. A bit more than that, but you could think of them as…a [Knight] among [Knights].”
“Amazing. And you’re…I mean, will we have [Knights] when his Majesty returns? There’s that dashing [Cataphract], and he’s as good as any [Knight]. Adventurer Beniar.”
Miss Baker’s eyes were shining at the prospect. Durene felt a flutter in her chest at the thought. Hadn’t Laken thought about that? No, wait—he’d complained that he’d given most of his titles, including knighthoods, to the Frost Faeries.
“I imagine Laken could knight a few people, Miss Baker. If they were deserving.”
“Amazing.”
The woman shook her head. The others nodded proudly or with the same amazement. [Steward], [Paladin]—no, they even had a [Lady] among them! It was more than any of them would dream of in their normal lives.
Durene was smiling and introducing herself to the last of the people as the crowd slowly filed out of the meeting hall when there was a pause, and then a susurration through those still in the building. The people at the doors paused and a space cleared. And walking through them came a young woman with a familiar blue hat.
