6.36 E
Page 14
She held out a hand. The people behind Beatica murmured and looked at her. The woman hesitated. She looked at Durene’s hand and held out her own. When she shook Durene’s hand, it was very, very quickly, and her touch was so light—the woman withdrew her hand and gave Durene a charming smile. Durene wasn’t fooled. She’d felt the sweat on the palm.
“We are all grateful of course. And I hope to meet his Majesty, Laken Godart and convey my personal thanks. Ah—I notice you have a companion. What a radiant fellow.”
She indicated Frostwing. Durene looked at the bird and Frostwing fluttered her wings. Some in the crowd admired the bird’s brilliant blue plumage.
“It’s a she.”
“How magnificent. I’ve never seen the species.”
Beatica reached out for Frostwing.
“I wouldn’t. She pecks.”
Frostwing lashed out, and Beatica withdrew her hand just in time. She eyed the bird and winced as Frostwing screeched.
“I—see. Well, it’s a pleasure to meet you, Miss Durene. Do I understand that you’re um, deeply acquainted with his Majesty?”
She looked Durene up and down. The half-Troll girl flushed.
“He and I are in a relationship.”
The murmur from the Humans behind Beatica this time went quiet as Durene looked at them. Beatica smiled thinly.
“How incredible. I do hope you’ll introduce me to his Majesty. Until then?”
Durene nodded. Without a word, she turned and Beatica stepped back. Durene felt the woman’s eyes on her all the way to the door and out of it. And she began understanding just how worried Prost and Rie were.
Beatica reminded Durene of a weasel, and Lancrel’s folk like anxious chickens who’d convinced themselves she was one of them. Frightened chickens, gathering together en masse. Only, if you’d ever seen chickens pecking one of their own to death, you understood why that was a problem.
 
—-
 
That night, Durene met Wiskeria at the cottage. She hadn’t seen the [Witch] all day, but Wiskeria’s exhausted face told her the [Witch] had been working hard in her own way. Durene made them tea as Frostwing huffily settled herself in her nest. Outside, Bismarck groaned at the door until Durene threw out some freshly grown produce to shut him up.
“How was your day?”
Wiskeria sipped from her drink and shrugged.
“It wasn’t great. Wasn’t bad either. I mainly—talked. With families. And survivors. There are a lot of us.”
“Are you—”
“No. No army.”
The [Witch] put down her cup with a grimace. She looked at Durene.
“I saw you for a bit. You pushed over a tree.”
“It was a small one. And it’s faster than cutting.”
Embarrassed, Durene felt at her hair. Wiskeria shook her head. She stared into her mug and then spoke, pensively.
“You know what most of the [Soldiers] called me? The ones who fought? ‘General’ Wiskeria. As if I deserve the name.”
“You have the class.”
“I don’t deserve it. You remember what that woman, Rehanna, said to me?”
“She was just angry. She wasn’t right—”
Wiskeria shook her head. She adjusted the hat and looked down.
“I’m no [General]. That’s just something Laken gave me. It’s not my true nature. I was playing at being a [General]. When push came to shove—I collapsed. I should never have accepted his offer.”
Durene hesitated.
“But you gained the class. You led an army. You led me, Wiskeria. Or didn’t fighting all those Goblins mean anything?”
The [Witch] shook her head.
