6.36 E
Page 23
Charlay stared at the burnt corpse and shuddered. Ryoka stared down the road, at where Alevica had gone. Part of her wanted to be impressed. Alevica had taken out a [Bandit] group. Low-level perhaps, but one had known a lightning spell, and she’d beaten sixteen of them by herself! But Ryoka couldn’t be impressed. Alevica had cut the rest down mercilessly, even when they’d tried to surrender, to run. It was—cruel.
But she had flown. The wind stirred. Ryoka touched her chest and felt her heart racing. She had flown. She looked at Charlay and after a beat, pointed.
“Come on. We’ve got to report this.”
The Centauress started and nodded uncertainly. Someone had to know this [Bandit] group was dead. They’d report it at the next Runner’s Guild they came to. Ryoka doubted Alevica would even mention it.
It was very quiet as the two ran on. Very, very quiet. They never caught up to Alevica, and that night both stopped at the town they’d come to. They made a short report at the Runner’s Guild. And it turned out Alevica had reported the encounter. She’d asked about a bounty on the [Bandits]. There had been none.
Ryoka left the guild as the [Receptionist] confirmed her report. She and Charlay ate quietly, and went to bed in the only inn without saying much. And Ryoka thought of her.
The Witch Runner, Alevica.
And she wondered what Ivolethe would have made of her. Alevica’s laughter haunted Ryoka’s mind. But it wasn’t a cackle. And in a way, Alevica was everything Ryoka had wanted to be. That thought kept Ryoka up late into the night.
The next day, she arrived in Riverfarm with Charlay.
 
 
Day 56 – Durene
 
Durene and Wiskeria ate breakfast together in her cottage. They did not go into Riverfarm right away. Instead, after eating the bread and tossing the crusts out and watching Bismarck trying to catch them, they grabbed a basket each and headed into the forest. It was just the day for it, too.
The morning was amazingly, refreshingly, dry. The sky was clear, with not a cloud to be seen. And the sun’s warmth was welcome after so much drizzling. In fact, it had warmed the forest floor enough that neither Wiskeria nor Durene needed boots to walk about. The two walked, talking lightly, chatting, as Wiskeria led them into the forest on a hunt.
Frostwing flew from branch to branch, sometimes shrieking and diving after something in the forest. The rest of the time she was restless, but she did stay in the general area around Durene and Wiskeria. Bismarck was more placid. He just ambled along next to the two, snuffling around for anything edible.
“I think she’s smarter than he is by a bit. Frostwing misses Laken, I can tell. And she’s smart enough to know where I keep food and she can follow orders. Even if she never wants to. Bismarck is simpler. He’s just a stomach with legs.”
Durene had brought both this morning. Frostwing was obvious, but to her surprise, Bismarck had come with as well. He currently had a basket strapped to his back with a bit of twine, and he didn’t seem at all bothered by it. When he heard his name he looked up hopefully, as if expecting food.
“Gaurgih.”
Wiskeria smiled. She walked ahead of Durene, scouting the forest path they were using.
“You’re sure you said I could find everything I said I needed? Especially the Sage’s Grass?”
Durene nodded.
“I think so. The forest’s got a lot of good stuff growing in it. And I’ve seen er—what did you call it?”
“Sage’s Grass. It’s slightly magical, and it’s a great ingredient that’s easy to grow. It’s slightly red and green, and it grows so long—”
Wiskeria indicated and Durene nodded.
