6.36 E
Page 5
Wiskeria. Durene looked up and a silence fell over the room. The [Witch]’s face was pale, but she looked around the room as she walked into the center of it. Prost, talking to Helm and a few of the villagers with authority, looked over and his eyes widened. Wiskeria gulped and spoke.
“Hello everyone.”
“Wiskeria.”
Durene breathed her name, and she wasn’t the only one. Every eye focused on the [Witch], and Durene, looking across the crowd, saw a mix of emotions. Surprise, sadness, a flash of anger on a few faces—but generally, just uncertainty. The [Witch] tugged on her hat, and then, slowly, took it off. She looked around the room as her dark hair fell slightly.
“I’m sorry for—I’m sorry I haven’t been more active of late. I’d like to change that, help where I may. I’m not reforming the army. Beniar will be handling things with his Darksky Riders until Emperor Laken returns. But I do want to help.”
Silence greeted her statement. Durene held her breath, looking around the room. To her, Wiskeria had nothing to apologize for. Nothing—but then Durene remembered the cemetery. And she couldn’t bring herself to be the first one to speak.
Nor could Prost, apparently. He hesitated, and opened his mouth uncertainly. But before he could speak, someone else pushed her way through the crowd.
A girl. She was young, a village child from her trousers and general appearance. She marched right up to Wiskeria as the [Witch] put on her hat and stared up at her. Wiskeria stared back, uncertainly. The girl looked Wiskeria up and down and then asked in a loud, carrying voice, as only a child could do.
“What’re you, Miss?”
Wiskeria blinked. The question wasn’t exactly rude, but it was a bit out of place.
“I’m a [Witch]. A [Witch] and a [General]. But mostly a [Witch]. My name is Wiskeria. What’s yours?”
The girl considered this.
“Agathy. Are you a bad [Witch], Miss? Mother says you’re not. But my brother, Randil, he followed you to kill the Goblins. And he never came back.”
And there it was. Durene paused, and in the crowd around her, the folk at the doors, the good mood was swept away and replaced by silence. Outside, the rain blew in, drenching those at the doors. But they held still, looking back at Wiskeria. The [Witch] hesitated. She tugged her pointed hat lower over her brow and knelt, bending down towards Agathy.
“I’d…like to think I’m not a bad [Witch], Agathy. But I don’t think I’m a very good one. I let your brother down.”
“Ma says it weren’t your fault. Nor his Majesty’s. She said—but who’s to blame? Them Goblins?”
Agathy stared at Wiskeria. Her voice was loud, strident even. Bordering on accusatory. Wiskeria hesitated.
“I was the [General] in charge of the army. We were fighting Goblins, but I should have led better. I’m sorry.”
The little girl nodded. Durene was…surprised to see her not crying. But it had been fifty-five days since then. It felt like yesterday to Durene. She closed her eyes. Then Agathy looked up uncertainly.
“Was he brave?”
A tremble entered her bold tone. A quaver. And the room waited on Wiskeria’s response. The [Witch] looked up. Perhaps some of those in the room had fought on that battlefield. Durene recognized some faces. She had been there. But she didn’t remember Agathy’s brother’s face. She didn’t even recognize his name. Wiskeria paused, and then she closed her eyes. Then she smiled down at Agathy.
“Oh yes. The bravest. I promise you that.”
“He was a hero.”
