6.36 E
Page 32
“Hey! Everyone! Come over here! Wiskeria brewed a magic soup for you to try! Come on! It’s fantastic!”
Heads turned. Durene saw to her pleasure that it was mostly villagers, Riverfarm folk about here. She waved at them and spotted a girl skipping towards them. Chimmy. The girl gathered with Ram, Miss Yesel, and some of the other villagers, including an entire host of [Wood Cutters]. They stared at the cauldron as Durene carefully placed it on the ground. They were just outside one of the cookhouses, but even the [Cook] came outside when they smelled the pot.
It smelled marvelous. And magical; you couldn’t deny that magic was a scent when you inhaled the magical potato soup. It felt like there was more than just the ingredients inside, and as Durene proudly shouted, more and more people stopped.
“This is a magical soup, General—I mean, Miss Wiskeria?”
Ram looked into the cauldron, half-warily, but licking his lips. Wiskeria nodded. She addressed the curious crowd.
“It’s a brew. More like a soup than actual potions. It’ll accelerate healing in the body. Scratches, small cuts—they’ll disappear overnight or in hours of drinking. Even bigger injuries. Plus, there’s some stamina-ingredients too. You can eat it with breakfast and it’ll work all day. But this will go bad in two days, three at most.”
“What’s it for?”
Miss Yesel pushed back Chimmy as the girl tried to peer inside the pot. She looked interested too, but wary. Wiskeria was a [Witch]. Durene hurried out with some bowls and spoons as Wiskeria tugged on her hat’s brim.
“Goodwill, Miss Yesel. Call it goodwill, and an apology. A bit of magic to help everyone today. That’s all.”
“I see.”
Miss Yesel looked dubious, but Chimmy, her eyes shining, reached for a bowl.
“It smells even better than your soup, Ma! Let me try?”
“Hush!”
Yesel looked scandalized, but that provoked a laugh from the crowd. More people drew over as Durene took the bowls and handed them around. Wiskeria smiled as she explained more to Ram and the others.
“It’s nothing much. But it is tiring to make. I can’t mass-produce anything like an [Alchemist] can.”
“And it’s safe? It’s just helpful?”
Ram hesitated as he took a bowl. Durene nodded.
“It’s good! I had some, don’t worry, Mister Ram! Your only complaint will be there’s not enough after you try it! Here, who wants to be first? Anyone want some?”
“Me, me!”
Chimmy waved her arm excitedly. Yesel stopped her, looking apologetic.
“Maybe if someone else tries it first?”
“Of course. I can have some, or Durene. But if anyone else wants to try…”
Wiskeria looked around. The street was crowded, but no one was moving. A crow alighted on the building opposite; a dog wandered forwards, sniffing. But no Humans. Durene impatiently eyed the crowd for volunteers and nudged Ram repeatedly. Once one person tried it—the villagers hesitated. Then a quavering voice spoke up.
“I’ll—uh—I’ll have some, if you wouldn’t mind. That smells like a wonderful soup. And clearly magical. Not magic I know, though.”
Durene saw Nesor, the timid [Mage] appear in the crowd. He walked forwards and looked awkwardly at Wiskeria. He hesitated. Wiskeria bit her lip.
“Nesor. I haven’t seen you in a while.”
“I uh—avoided you. Wiskeria. I’m sorry about—you know, it was me who was sending [Messages] so I’m sorry…”
The [Mage]’s stutter hadn’t improved. He hesitated, and looked around, then shrank a bit as he lowered his head.
“I’m sorry about that.”
A moment of silence followed his words. Wiskeria nodded tiredly.
“I am too.”
The two looked at each other, until Ram cleared his throat.
