6.36 E
Page 20
Ryoka looked at Charlay. The Centauress was shaking her head, her eyes wide. Ryoka looked at Alevica. The young woman paused. Then she pulled out a broom from her pouch. Ryoka’s eyes went wide.
“Well?”
Alevica tossed the broom on the ground. It was a broom, but it wasn’t at the same time. Ryoka was familiar with brooms, sweeping brooms, plastic-handled, with wide, flat bottoms from her world. This one wasn’t. The handle was wooden, long, and the end was thrush, tied together in a way that didn’t look at all appropriate for sweeping. But it did look like—
Ryoka looked up and met Alevica’s eyes. And in her mind, something exploded. It couldn’t be—
“Well? Last chance.”
Alevica grinned as she put one foot on the handle of her broom as it lay on the dust. Ryoka hesitated. She looked at Charlay and took a bit too long in replying. Alevica sighed.
“Too bad. I really expected more from you. I’ll do it myself, then. Up!”
So saying, the [Witch] placed her other foot on the broom’s handle. And it rose from the ground. Ryoka stumbled back, staring. Alevica, standing on the broom as if it were a skateboard, as if it were solid, winked down at Ryoka. She put one hand on her hat. And she flew.
The broom shot forwards like an arrow, carrying Alevica with it over the rise in the hill. As she flew, Alevica laughed, a wild, free sound. She shot over the hill, faster than Ryoka could sprint. Ryoka’s jaw stayed open. Charlay danced over to her.
“Ryoka! We have to go! The [Bandits] are going to—”
She halted as Ryoka whirled to her and pointed. The Human girl shouted, forgetting about the [Bandit].
“She can fly!?”
“She’s a [Witch]! What did you think she could do, lay eggs?”
“But—”
Ryoka stared at the air where Alevica had been. Yes! She knew Alevica was—but they could actually—Charlay was tugging at Ryoka.
“We have to go.”
“She just went right towards the [Bandits]!”
Ryoka protested. Charlay shook her head.
“It doesn’t matter! She’s fast on that broom! She could outrun them! But what if she sets them on us?”
“She wouldn’t do that? Would she?”
The two stared at each other. Charlay’s eyes were wide and frightened. Ryoka felt a lurch in her stomach.
That was when the screaming started. The two Runners jerked as a shrill scream split the air. Charlay bolted—Ryoka whirled, grabbing a handful of caltrops from her bag of holding. She called for the wind, but it only blew into her face.
“Ryoka!”
Charlay beckoned. But Ryoka, listening, heard a second scream split the air. It was a man’s voice. The first had been a woman’s. Neither sounded like Alevica. She looked back at Charlay.
“I have to see.”
“No—”
The Centauress’ eyes widened as Ryoka ran for the rise, caltrops in hand. She hesitated, and then ran after Ryoka, pulling out a wand from her bag of holding. Ryoka was first to the top of the incline. She stared down as Charlay appeared next to her. The Centauress stared down.
“What—”
Her breath caught in her chest. Below them, on the road where the marshy forest began, the two saw the group of [Bandits]. They were scattering, running, horses galloping left and right. Some were shouting, waving swords or trying to take aim. But the rest were running. Dying.
