6.36 E
Page 22
And then the broom twisted. Alevica, sitting upright, rotated underneath the spear and flashed back up as it passed her. The spear tried to twist again, but it had lost momentum. It struck the ground. And Alevica flew at the [Bandit Leader]. She fired and the horse the woman was riding screamed. The woman grabbed at her reins. Alevica flashed past her. Her other hand lashed out and she threw something in the woman’s face.
A vial. It broke and Ryoka saw a flash of fire. The [Bandit Leader] screamed, clutching at her face as the fire erupted along her face, her arms and shoulders. She writhed on the ground, rolling, but the flames wouldn’t go out. Alevica laughed, mockingly, and the rest of the [Bandits] fled. One threw down her weapons. Alevica flew towards her and Ryoka saw her lash out. The shortsword slashed through part of the [Bandit]’s neck and she collapsed.
The rest, seeing the fate of the one who’d thrown down their weapons, turned. They fought and died.
The last man disappeared as the skeletons surrounded him, hacking with bloody weapons. They looked up as Alevica flew past them and stopped, their bones and blades red. She made a sign and they collapsed, turning to…dust.
It was silent after that. The [Witch] landed, and investigated the bodies. She went from each one, checking them, rolling them over. Taking something from each. She spent only a few minutes there, and then the broom flew over to her. With one foot, she stepped up, and turned the broom. She aimed towards the marsh ahead of her, the road, and began to fly forwards. At the last moment, she stopped and looked back up towards the slight hill, and the two figures who’d watched her the entire time.
She was too far away, then, for Ryoka to see. But she knew Alevica was grinning.
 
—-
 
Silence. After Alevica had gone, it took Ryoka and Charlay a long time to go down the hill. It wasn’t for fear of Alevica returning. It was just frightening in another way.
The [Bandits], and they were [Bandits], had died hard. Several had fallen to Alevica’s crossbow bolts, two to the vials she’d thrown. The [Mage], whose corpse was still emitting smoke, made Ryoka and Charlay keep a wide distance. The [Bandit Leader] had stopped burning, but her upper body was charred.
Ryoka stared around at the dead sixteen. Some had died to skeletons. The last few Alevica had chopped down herself, with the shortsword. She stared at the woman who’d thrown down her sword and noticed something else.
“Money pouches.”
“What?”
Charlay was breathing hard, her face white. She looked over as Ryoka pointed down.
“She took their money pouches. Potions too, I think.”
“O-oh. Well, that’s normal.”
“It is?”
Ryoka glanced up. Charlay nodded.
“If you kill [Bandits], you might as well sell their stuff, right? Adventurers do it. So why not…I don’t know any City Runners who kill [Bandits], but I heard…”
She broke off. Stared around at the bodies. Ryoka stared at the Centauress.
“You knew Alevica could fly?”
“Everyone knows. She can’t do it forever. That’s why she takes the carriage. But everyone knows she’s a [Witch]. She can do witchy things. No one messes with her, even though she’s got a bad reputation. But I’ve never seen…”
