6.36 E
Page 2
This morning, the people of Riverfarm broke from their routine for a gathering in the one building large enough to hold them. The village’s center, the meeting hall that doubled as the throne room of sorts. The carved throne that sat on a small dais on the other end of the room was unoccupied. And it had been for nearly two months.
Even so, the people who came to listen to Prost speak stared at it with the same expectant stare they had on day one. They were Riverfarm’s original folk, Windrest’s, the people of the villages who’d first come here. Not all of them; there were six hundred ‘original’ people. Loyal to their [Emperor].
Many had duties that called them away even before this early hour, but it still felt good to Durene to see them there. She stood next to the throne, listening to Prost speak. The [Steward] was a simple public speaker, but an efficient one; he wasted no one’s time.
“His majesty is but two weeks away. Maybe a bit more, maybe less—he’s still got all the [Engineer] teams with him. We just have to wait for him. He is being escorted by two [Lords] after all.”
The people in the meeting hall nodded reluctantly. They’d been hopeful, but not exactly unpleasantly surprised by the [Message] from Laken. Durene gathered that this update on his progress wasn’t new by now. Prost let the murmurs die down before turning to Durene.
“One last thing. Our Durene’s awake and fully recovered from her injury. You may have seen her on her feet these last few days—she can be hard to miss. She’ll be helping around Riverfarm as she might—and it’ll be a help, you can be sure! Yesterday, she and Beniar caught the [Thief] who’d been stealing for the last few weeks!”
That garnered a lot more interest. Everyone turned to Durene and she blushed as a small cheer rose from the crowd. But then a man shouted from the crowd. It was Mister Ram, the [Rancher].
“We finally caught that bastard! When’re we giving him a beating, Prost? Or is it just exile? He deserves more than that if you ask me!”
There was a swell of agreement from the crowd. Prost grimaced as he raised a hand. Rie wasn’t here; Durene guessed she was tending to the rest of the village.
“There’s no beating being done, Mister Ram. Or exile—yet. We know who the [Thief] was, and he’s high-level, but figuring out the exact punishment will take a bit. He’s being confined in his house under watch, so I don’t want anyone doing anything until Lady Rie and I pass formal judgment. What’s important is that the thefts will stop, at least, from him.”
That didn’t sit well with the crowd. There was a lot of frowning, and then a woman called out.
“Why not? That man stole from our [Traders]—stole money we made for the village!”
“There’s complications, Miss Prise, the man’s from Lancrel—”
“So? They came to Riverfarm, they have to obey the laws, same as everyone else! What makes this [Thief] so different?”
Durene, watching, saw most of the villagers nodding. She nodded as well; there was only one recourse for a [Thief]. Either you taught them a lesson so they stopped for good, or they had to leave the village. In a small community, you couldn’t have people like that. Prost just grimaced.
“It’s not that simple. The [Thief] that Durene helped catch? It’s Master Elmmet.”
There was a moment of stunned silence, and then a roar of outrage from the crowd. Durene blinked as fury swept over the familiar faces. Ram shouted out, his face red.
