6.36 E
Page 31
“It’s magic, Durene. A magic soup. It’ll do a lot of things. It’s what I’m good at. Soups, alchemy. That’s my specialty as a [Witch]—I’m not great, but I can do a bit. Poison doesn’t require as much. That’s just vapors and steam. But this is magic. Not as good as potions I guess. But it’ll do.”
“It tastes better than any potion. I’d use this every day if I could.”
Wiskeria nodded. She pushed Bismarck’s head out of the way as the Mossbear went for the pot for the twelfth time. He and Frostwing had come out of hiding once the ceremony, ritual—Durene wasn’t sure what to call it—was done. And now he really wanted what was in the pot. Wiskeria ticked off points on her long fingers with a sigh.
“It is good, but it won’t last, you can’t transport it so easily, and potions are faster. Easier to make too, I guess. It’s too bad; there was a time when [Witches] were very valuable. Because [Alchemists] weren’t so good at what they did. We could earn a living this way. Now it’s only good for rare occasions.”
“That’s too bad.”
Durene mumbled. She felt humbled, at peace after seeing the ritual, despite the blood Wiskeria had shed. It felt a bit like forgiveness, if you could make that into a spell. Wiskeria nodded. She looked relaxed too.
“You think? You should hear the old [Witches] in my coven complain about it. They’re all too young to remember, but they know all the stories and they moan about the good old days—do you think you can carry it?”
“I do. Just watch the front so it doesn’t spill out?”
Durene lifted the handcart with a grunt. It was well-built, but the cauldron was heavy. She and Wiskeria watched the cart anxiously, but it felt sturdy, so after a moment, Wiskeria nodded and Durene proceeded carefully.
“I think I want to meet more [Witches] after this. Well, not that Mavika one. The crows were scary.”
“She’s not so bad. But she is a part of my coven. One of the senior members.”
“Really? But your coven—it’s full of good [Witches], right? Like you?”
Wiskeria smiled slightly and shook her head as they walked. The sky was beautiful and dry. Durene was smiling, despite managing the wagon. A black bird flew overhead, and even it sounded welcoming.
“It’s full of [Witches], Durene. Good, bad, we band together. Mine’s one of a few on Izril. I don’t think there’s many covens in the world, but we’re most numerous in Izril and Terandria. Few, if any, live in Chandrar or Baleros.”
“Why? People don’t like [Witches]?”
“No…I just think few want to live in the desert or fighting off snakes. And not all species take to [Witches]. I hear Humans make up most [Witch] covens. It’s a very specific class. We have a history.”
“Huh. So what’s your coven do anyways? Why haven’t I heard of them?”
Wiskeria smiled.
“We’re spread out. Covens can be very large—mine’s all the [Witches] in about, oh, three hundred miles. Like I said, there are only a few—mine’s the Marshlands Coven.”
“Marshlands? But there’s only a small one up north. Are there more far from here?”
“No. I think there was a lot more marsh in the past, though. My coven’s old, Durene. Members come in and out, but we’ve been here on Izril since Humans first came. Before that, maybe. [Witches] are—”
The two broke off from their chat as they entered Riverfarm. Durene saw a crowd of people walking down the street, many heading to—she looked up.
“Oh! Perfect! It’s lunch!”
Wiskeria looked up. It had taken all morning to make the cauldron of enchanted soup! She smiled and Durene called out. The half-Troll girl’s voice echoed down the street, attracting attention.
