6.36 E
Page 3
“That snooty [Councilman]? And the Lancrel lot said the [Thief] wouldn’t ever be one of theirs! Just goes to show! Let’s tar and feather the bastard and run him out today! I’ll get the tar myself! Who’s with me?”
Half the men and women in the room shouted, and some seemed ready to do it right this instant. On the dais, Prost shouted for silence, then gave up. He put two fingers in his mouth and issued a piercing whistle. Everyone, Durene included, clapped their hands to their ears. Frostwing, who’d been content to perch on Durene’s shoulder, shrieked happily in accord.
“No one’s punishing Elmmet for anything, so get that out of your heads. Especially you, Ram. He’s under guard.”
“Put him in the stocks and let us throw some rocks! Under guard in his home? You’re not treating him special on account of him being from the city, are you, Prost?”
Ram’s glare bounced off Prost. The [Steward] frowned, and Ram, realizing he might have gone too far, hesitated. Prost’s voice shut down every murmur as he replied with iron in his tone.
“Not at all. But Lancrel’s folk are insisting their [Councilman] did nothing wrong. Never mind that he was caught by Beniar. They insist it was a setup—”
Another roar of outrage. Prost shouted over them.
“I know, I know! Shut up all of you! We’ve got work to do—stop acting like wet-bottomed babes before I spank the lot of you!”
The affronted crowd shut up. Prost, breathing heavily, glared at them.
“That’s what Lancrel’s lot says. But they’re not in charge and justice will be done, I promise you. What we’re doing is—we’re setting up a trial. With a truth stone. Lady Rie sent for one from her estates, and it’ll be here by the end of today. Tomorrow, we’ll be having a public trial for Master Elmmet to show everyone he was the [Thief]. His sentence will be handled then.”
The angry crowd quieted a bit. A woman shouted out as she lifted a girl up to see Prost from the back.
“What if Lancrel’s folk don’t want him punished? There’s more’ve them than us, Prost. Them and the other villagers who came here. They’ve been saying they deserve the best houses and more consideration—as if we weren’t here first!”
Durene saw more aggrieved nods. Prost sighed.
“They can say what they want. But justice will be done tomorrow. I’ll be handling the trial myself. You’re all free to watch. With that said—we have jobs to do! There might be rain, but I want more fields being plowed and sown! And we’re putting up more houses for our crafts folk! That means more of you all will be doing your primary class’s job soon enough! Think of that and don’t let me catch any of you starting a fight with Lancrel’s folk! They’ll be here right after you, and they’ll hear exactly what you said.”
“Us? Start fights?”
Ram looked innocently around. Prost glared.
“That’s all for now. Anyone who’s got a complaint? Find me when I’m checking in on you! Get to work!”
Grumbling, but good-naturedly, the villagers dispersed. Durene watched the back of the crowd begin to troop out of the room with no more than a few complaints. They were hardy folk, the [Farmers] and [Woodcutters] and so on. And more than a few stopped to greet Durene. The first was a bald man with huge arms and an apron.
“Durene! Dead gods, girl, it’s good to see you.”
He spread his arms and gave Durene a hug. She grinned and hugged him back.
“Mister Helm!”
The [Blacksmith] beamed as he stepped back. He was one of the leaders of Windrest, a respected man and the highest-level [Blacksmith] in Riverfarm at the moment. He shook his head as a small crowd gathered around Durene.
