6.36 E
Page 10
Still, some of them worked with a will, and as Durene helped them set up the frame, she got a chance to talk. A woman nodded at her, spitting nails into her gloved hand one by one and driving each one into the wood with a practiced swing. It was a neat Skill.
“Don’t mind Felp, Miss, uh, Durene. He’s just not used to the wet. I’d be concerned if we were leaving this wood out, but we can raise a house in hours. Amazingly quick. Not to say it isn’t hard…”
“Something wrong with Riverfarm, Miss [Builder]?”
Durene looked at the woman as she lifted the frame up, one-handed. The woman hesitated.
“It’s just hard, moving from a city to here. We’re grateful, of course. Those damn Goblins that attacked the city and there were few places to turn—”
“If they could’ve gotten our city back, I’d have been happier.”
One of the men working on Durene’s left groused, and then looked away when she stared at him. The female [Builder] snorted and nearly ate one of her nails.
“Return to that place? It’s more ruin than not. I’m just saying that—look, it’s not simple. I er, listened to your [Steward] at lunch. That man Prost. He was saying…”
She trailed off. The other Lancrel [Builders] looked up and around warily. After a moment, the female [Builder] moved over and whispered to Durene while Beycalt was busy helping unload roof tiles.
“Elmmet. He’s a good [Councilman]. You didn’t really catch him stealing…people are saying there might have been a mix-up. The [Thief] could change faces. What if he set up Master Elmmet?”
“I saw him change his face. It wasn’t anyone else. Frostwing found him too—he was looking like a woman right until she started attacking him. It’s him. Beniar caught him and no one got a chance to slip away.”
Durene frowned as she informed the group. The Lancrel folk looked at each other, frowning hard. One of the men shook his head.
“If that’s so, he’s been stealing all along. Hey, we did have a bad [Thief] problem in Lancrel. If it was Elmmet all this time…”
“Don’t say that. Dead gods! How’d our Watch Captain not deal with him?”
“Maybe—”
“Nothing’s proven yet. We’ll see tomorrow. It’ll all be settled under truth spell, right?”
One of the other men interrupted. Uneasily, the Lancrel folk nodded. Durene looked at the silent group as they got back to work and felt a twinge of her own uneasiness. She helped for another hour, and left when the framework and everything heavy had been set up.
For the rest of the day, Durene just carried things. She was faster than the wagons that were getting stuck in the muddy streets, and she could lift a lot with just her two hands. A paved street was one of the things everyone she met agreed that Riverfarm needed next. It was just that laying paving stones was an arduous task and there were more important things to do first, like making sure that Riverfarm wouldn’t starve.
“Even so, we could subdivide. Set er, forty men on the task and I guarantee they’ll make good progress each day. All we need is a few experienced [Builders], a [Digger] or two perhaps—it’d be an efficient use of time, wouldn’t it?”
A man wearing a fine cotton coat was taking a break with some other city folk under the eaves of a roof as Durene trotted past with a huge tub of water for the [Cooks]. Durene slowed down to listen as the man went on.
