6.36 E
Page 9
Durene thought about Lady Rie and grunted.
“This other group wants to, though?”
“They have suggestions. And they have a lot of folk who respect them or who’re displeased. I say let them leave, but I suppose it ain’t possible. Lancrel’s lot sticks together and listens to this body. And there’s a lot of them…”
Durene nodded. She saw the issue. There were two thousand people in Riverfarm and more stragglers incoming by the day. If there were more people like Rickmeld and Riverfarm’s own, they could tell the other groups where to shove it. But the group from Lancrel outnumbered the villagers two-to-one, never mind that the rural folk had started all this.
“Well, Laken will sort it out when he arrives. Until then, Rie can handle it. And Prost. And Beniar.”
“What about you? I hear you’re his Majesty’s er, consort. What’s a [Paladin] do all day?”
Durene shrugged, embarrassed.
“Help out. But I’m nothing special, Mister Rickmeld.”
So saying, she crouched, put her hand under the base of the stump, and heaved. The [Farmer] shielded his face as the roots of the tree ripped up out of the dirt in a shower. He gaped as Durene lifted the stump and roots up with one hand and wiped some dirt from her face with a grimace.
“I…see. Nothing special?”
His voice was faint. Durene shrugged.
“I’m a [Farmer]. The [Paladin] bit I’m working on, but I don’t quite know what to do. Hey, should I dump this on the wagon?”
She waved the stump at the other farmers as Frostwing flapped her wings and issued a complaint over the dirt covering her brilliant plumage. That was the morning. After a wet opening, the rain poured so hard the [Farmers] decided to take a break. Durene trooped into the village with them for a hot, warming meal inside one of the buildings the [Cooks] used to make and serve food. The [Farmers] went back out when the storm began to die down to a drizzle, and Durene decided she’d pulled up most of the big stumps. So she went to find the [Builders].
One team was being led by Beycalt, the [Forewoman] whom Durene had met the other day. She was only too glad to have Durene help unload the heavy, wet wagons. It gave her a chance to address some of the grumbling [Builders] in her crew.
“Working in the rain? Building in it? We should all be indoors!”
One man was simply unable to handle the light rain. He was protesting to Beycalt, and the woman was having none of it. She pointed as Durene trooped past her with some freshly-cut boards.
“It’s just rain. It doesn’t affect houses. And we can put a temporary shelter up when we start adding floorboards. I don’t know how you did it in Lancrel, but you can raise a building in storm or sun, Mister Felp. Stop complaining and help unload those wagons. We can throw up this house in the hour with Durene’s help if you’d all stop whining and do half of her work.”
She pointed and Durene paused, on her way back to the wagon. The man, Mister Felp, paused and stared up at her. He hesitated, and his face paled.
“Uh—uh, the Troll? She’s going to help with everything?”
Beycalt frowned. Durene just smiled and held out a hand.
“Half-Troll, sir. [Paladin]. I’m here to help defend Riverfarm in case it’s attacked.”
Felp stared at her, and Durene had the sinking feeling he was surprised she could speak. His handshake was timid and limp and quick—Durene already didn’t like him, or most of the other Lancrel people who were working in Beycalt’s group. They were all unused to the rain and quicker to complain than the rural folk.
