6.36 E
Page 25
“Sage’s Grass. Barley grass…Tindleflowers, maybe dandelions or Americ if they’re budding…we’re going to be here for a few hours. Don’t worry, though. It’s not an exact recipe. The basis is really Sage’s Grass plus some extras. And I have dried herbs.”
Wiskeria patted her pouches. Durene nodded and they coaxed Bismarck back to the path and let him snuffle onwards. Frostwing screeched overhead; she’d caught a baby bunny. Durene sighed.
They were making a brew. That was what Wiskeria had decided to do last night. As she’d told Durene, potions were out of her expertise. But [Witches] had a unique set of talents of their own.
“It’s between cooking and alchemy. Closer to alchemy, really, but I’ve met a few [Witches] who could make magical dishes. But mostly, it is just stuff in cauldrons. It’s easier with water and heat. That’s where that image of [Witches] comes from, you know?”
Wiskeria led Durene through the forest. The half-Troll girl grunted as she peeled off some bark from a tree. You could actually eat the bark and Bismarck was trying too, but Wiskeria didn’t want much. She was investigating patches of plants, picking them up, comparing what she had in her pouches and basket, and tossing some, keeping others. The [Witch] was so business-like about that Durene didn’t feel like they were doing magic, just preparing a forest soup. Which was close, apparently.
“[Alchemists] buy all kinds of expensive and highly magical ingredients to make their potions so powerful. [Witches] don’t often have that kind of money, so we make natural recipes. This is just a healthy, restorative brew. It doesn’t need to follow an exact recipe like a Stoneskin Potion or something.”
“And where do wild strawberries figure into it?”
Durene peeked at a few red fruits in the basket Wiskeria held. The [Witch] smiled.
“They’re tasty? Seriously, though, strawberries feature in some recipes I know. Not this one; there aren’t enough and they’d ruin the taste. Don’t worry, Durene. I know what I’m doing.”
“I’m not worried. It just doesn’t feel like magic.”
The [Farmer] girl complained as she yanked the basket off Bismarck’s back. It was full after three hours of scavenging and he was trying to take it off and couldn’t be bribed. She walked back to the cottage with Wiskeria. The [Witch] needed her biggest cauldron.
“Will mine do? It generally just holds spare vegetables.”
Durene anxiously washed it out and plopped the heavy iron pot down outside. Wiskeria frowned as she ground up some of what she’d brought, including the bark.
“It should. Okay, we need to fill this cauldron with about half water—and we need some milk.”
“Fresh?”
“Preferably. Oh, and some broth. I know there’s some in Riverfarm. Can you get it?”
Durene looked dubious.
“What kind of broth?”
“Uh—chicken? Beef would do, or pork, but I think chicken’s simplest. It’ll have to be enough to fill the rest of the cauldron so high.”
Durene stared at Wiskeria. The [Witch] stared back, hands busy grinding. She looked over—Bismarck went for her bowl and she slapped him across the face. The Mossbear groaned and retreated.
“Hurry up, will you? I can’t keep Bismarck busy for long. Hey! Fetch this potato! Oh, we’ll need more potatoes, Durene. And carrots. Actually, I have a list here—”
