6.36 E
Page 19
She and Charlay might be able to break through if Ryoka was certain the wind would come to her. If she conjured a dust storm she’d be pretty confident they could get away. But that still was only for getting away. City Runners didn’t take unnecessary risks, and running ten miles around that group was preferable to risking any kind of fighting.
Slowly, Ryoka began to jog down the road after Charlay. The Centaur was trying to trot as quietly as she could, which was not that quiet at all. She beckoned to Ryoka, and then froze, pointed. Ryoka inhaled sharply.
Someone was coming down the road. The figure was far distant, and moving at a brisk walk, but they were definitely headed this way. Ryoka and Charlay exchanged a glance.
“One of—”
“No. Just a traveller. Let’s warn them. Come on!”
Ryoka was instantly worried. Not for them, but for the traveller. She and Charlay were going to run to get out of the [Bandit]’s line of sight, but whomever this was might not be able to get away. And if the [Bandits] came over the rise and saw them—
Ryoka and Charlay raced towards the distance figure, a few hundred feet away. As they neared, Charlay called out.
“Hey! Hey you! Stop! There’s [Bandits] up—”
She halted in her tracks, staring. Ryoka, catching up, halted as well and stared in astonishment. Alevica tipped up her purple hat and regarded Ryoka and Charlay with a blink of surprise. Her bright pink eyes flicked from Ryoka’s face to Charlay’s.
“You two again. What a surprise.”
She smiled, a flick of sardonic amusement. The young woman, still older than both Ryoka and Charlay, looked at the two and then past them.
“What’s your rush?”
“Uh—”
Charlay backed away from Alevica, looking frightened. Ryoka glanced over her shoulder and spoke tersely.
“[Bandits]. They’re on the road ahead, just before the marsh.”
Alevica’s brows rose, but that was it.
“Really? You’re sure?”
“I think they killed someone. We’re heading back. You should too. There are sixteen of them.”
“Really now.”
The other City Runner put her hands on her hips and smiled slightly, looking at Ryoka. She shook her head.
“You’re running from the [Bandits]? I thought the Wind Runner was tougher than that. I’d expect this from Charlay, but you?”
The amusement hit a button marked ‘Anger’ in Ryoka’s chest. She gritted her teeth.
“I’m just being practical. There’s at least eight on horseback and some could be [Mages]. I have no idea what level they are.”
Alevica looked around the deserted landscape.
“If this is where they’re hiding, I’d say it’s low. You can hide, but I’m heading this way. I’ve done my delivery and I don’t feel like wasting time.”
So saying, she reached into the pouch at her side and began rummaging around in it. A bag of holding. Ryoka stared at that and then Alevica.
“Wait, you’re going to fight?”
“Sure am, Miss Wind Runner. You’re free to join me. Charlay, you can hide over there. There might be a bush large enough to hide you.”
Alevica pulled out something from the bag and shook it out. Ryoka stared as she fastened it around her head. And then with a start she recognized what they were.
Goggles. Crude, compared to the modern, streamlined kind. Glass lenses set into leather. But goggles nonetheless. Alevica secured them, and then reached into her bag of holding a second time.
“How about it, Ryoka? I’m sure you like [Bandits] as much as I do. Want to show me how good Reizmelt’s top runner is?”
“I—”
