6.36 E
Page 24
“Yes, I’ve seen that! It grows in clumps in the forest. Meadows usually. It’s worth something, isn’t it? One of our [Farmers] tried to grow it to sell at one of the other towns. He had a great big field of it. Only, that didn’t go so well.”
“Ah, I’d have warned him if I heard about that. It’s not good to try and grow if you’re not prepared.”
Wiskeria smiled and tugged on her hat. Durene nodded.
“Well, it was going well at the start. He bought a lot of expensive seed and got it to sprout, but he was having to pour lots of soil on it, fertilizer and such. And water. And when it did begin to grow…”
“I think I know what happened. A monster?”
Durene shook her head, then hesitated.
“Well, sort of. It was a pack of huge rats. Each one as big as a dog. They just appeared and ate everything in the field. And everywhere else as well! We had to burn the field, and send for as many dogs as we could to hunt them down. But I still found two trying to eat my piglets the week after.”
She shuddered at the memory. Wiskeria shook her head, but she didn’t look surprised.
“It’s a risky business. I’m surprised that [Farmer] got the grass to grow at all. He must have had a Skill or gotten lucky; Sage’s Grass feeds on mana. It produces it too, but there’s the problem. Magic attracts monsters. And farms, let alone ones with Sage’s Grass, are a magnet for anything hungry. [Alchemists] love the stuff, though.”
“Does anyone grow it? I can’t think of anyone around here who would. Not after the rats.”
Durene was curious as a [Farmer]. Wiskeria pondered the question, her head on a swivel for said grass or anything else on her list.
“I think a lot of Sage Grass comes from some farms up north, around…Reizmelt? There’s a swampland there. Oh, and some from Celum in the south. Apparently some [Farmer] specializes in growing them. It makes him rich. A double handful is enough for us, though. It’s not the most magical thing, but I can make do.”
“And you’re sure this’ll work? With mushrooms and some magical grass and stuff?”
“Yes. And there are no mushrooms necessary, Durene. Although if you find some edible ones, we can toss them in there. For variety and taste.”
The half-Troll girl frowned. But Bismarck was the one who interrupted the two. Wiskeria stepped aside as the bear lumbered forwards, suddenly snuffling.
“What is it?”
The Mossbear instantly headed off the path, into several large trees. He wove around them and Wiskeria and Durene, following, saw him rooting at something. It was a large stand of—Durene and Wiskeria identified it at the same time.
“Barley grass.”
The Mossbear was happily tearing up the grass and consuming it. Wiskeria bent and took out the sickle she carried. Bismarck gaughed as she swept some up. Durene pushed his head back as he tried to nibble at Wiskeria’s bundle.
“Back off, Bismarck. We need that, right Wiskeria.”
“It’s a component. I’ll need to extract the juices, but yes. If we can find more and prevent Bismarck from eating it—”
Wiskeria tossed it into the basket on his back. The Mossbear immediately tried to get it, but Durene grabbed his head.
“No, Bismarck. Help us find more of what Wiskeria wants and you get a potato. Understand? Potato.”
She bribed the bear with one, and he bit the ripe potato and licked her hand. Durene wiped it on his fur with a sigh. It had been a good idea to bring the Mossbear; his senses were better than hers or Wiskeria’s. It was just hard to control him.
“What else do we need?”
