6.36 E
Page 28
“That’s not the intention here. This pot is made with goodwill. To heal. For regrowth. Meat would spoil it. And I can’t do it twice. Give me a second.”
Wiskeria knelt and began adding wood to the fire. Durene felt like the soup was hot enough; any hotter and they’d burn it. But she only watched as the fire grew and the brew began to bubble.
“You couldn’t make it twice? Why not? There’s enough ingredients in the forest and in Riverfarm to make a hundred soups like this, I wager.”
Wiskeria glanced up. She stood up slowly, and the fire ate up the wood, greedily rising.
“I can’t make a second brew or soup. Just like I can’t cast a hex the same way twice. The emotions are wrong. The history makes the magic. The wrongs I’ve done are going into this brew.”
She pointed down into the pot. Durene peered in and chuckled nervously. She looked around. Were there shadows in the cottage? She glanced up at the sun for reassurance, but it felt paler.
“I didn’t see you throwing anything bad in there.”
“It’s not just about what goes into it. It’s what’s done. Where’s the knife?”
Durene paused. Wiskeria found it and nodded. She reached up and without hesitating, cut a lock from her hair. Not much. She went back to the pot with it.
“Aw, Wiskeria—”
The [Witch] tossed the hair onto the fire. Durene closed her mouth and the flames ate the hair greedily. The stench of burning hair filled the air—and then it vanished. Durene blinked. She felt at her nose. Suddenly, the smell of the soup was there, but not the hair smell. And it smelled better than before.
“Um. Wiskeria? Is this more magic?”
“Yes.”
The [Witch] turned back. Her eyes were glowing. She took a few breaths and blew over the pot’s surface. And the liquid inside moved as if she were stirring it.
“Nearly done. The magic’s there. The stew’s good. All that’s left is the incantation.”
The [Witch] murmured to herself. Durene hesitated. She wasn’t sure she liked this anymore. The shadows were longer, she was certain. And—suddenly, Durene realized she hadn’t seen Bismarck. The greedy Mossbear would love this soup. So why wasn’t he…?
She looked around. Bismarck was nowhere to be seen. Slowly, Durene looked at Wiskeria. The [Witch] was walking around the pot, doing that perfect circle again. Murmuring under her breath.
Goosebumps raced up Durene’s arm. Quickly—just to make sure he wasn’t going interfere—she went around the cottage. She found Bismarck huddled in his den. He stared at her as she paused in relief.
“There you are. You’re uh, not going to eat the soup, right? It’s important you don’t.”
The Mossbear stared up at Durene. He didn’t look bored or hungry like he always did. Rather, he looked—wary. She reached for him after a second.
“You want to eat some scraps?”
Bismarck resisted Durene’s pull. He growled and then snapped as she tried to pull him out with more force. She let go at once. The Mossbear huddled in his den.
“Okay then. I’ll leave you.”
Disconcerted, Durene backed away. The fire was hot at the cauldron. And the smell of the soup filled the air. There was another feeling too, a sense of tension. Almost like the feeling before a storm, but different. Wiskeria was bent over the cauldron. Durene couldn’t see her face. The half-Troll girl looked around. She didn’t like this anymore.
“Frostwing?”
The bird was inside Durene’s cottage, but hiding in her nest. Her head was under her wing and when Durene tried to bring her outside she flew back. She didn’t scream, that was the thing. She was silent, but she fought Durene coming out. At last, Durene walked outside and saw Wiskeria standing there.
