6.36 E
Page 6
The statement was no question, but it begged for an answer. The little girl stared up at the [Witch]. And Wiskeria nodded. Agathy went on, her large eyes filled with no tears. But the words poured out, in a rush.
“He had a spear. A-and he practiced every day. He was a Level 14 [Warrior]. He killed a lot of Goblins, right?”
“Yes. And he helped the rest of us get away.”
“That’s what I thought.”
Agathy nodded. She stared up at Wiskeria. And then she looked lost.
“How did he—how did—”
She broke off and rubbed at one eye. At last, a woman came through the crowd. She had been wiping at her eyes. She pulled Agathy back. The girl protested, but quietly. The woman bowed to Wiskeria, hesitantly. The [Witch] looked down, then forced herself to meet the woman’s eyes.
“I’m Agelica. Agathy’s mother. And Randil’s. Please forgive Agathy.”
“No, it’s perfectly…I’m sorry Miss Agelica.”
The woman shook her head, her eyes bright.
“We know you did your best, General. And you had the wrong orders. Emperor Laken didn’t order that charge. It was someone else. A traitor, isn’t that right?”
“Yes.”
The word came from Prost. He stood on the dais, looking down at Wiskeria. He met the eyes of every person as he slowly turned around the room.
“Emperor Laken didn’t order the attack. Someone did. Knocked out Nesor. Wiskeria did the best with the information she had. But we’ll find that traitor. Wiskeria, it’s good to see you.”
She nodded to him. But when she turned to Miss Agelica, the [Witch] could only bow, to her and her daughter.
“I’m sorry. Your son was a hero. If he hadn’t fought, more of us wouldn’t have escaped.”
Agelica nodded. With dignity, holding Agathy’s hand, she turned to go. Durene let out the sigh she’d been holding. Too quickly. Frostwing fluttered in alarm as someone stormed past her. Another woman, wearing a dress, pointed a finger at Wiskeria.
“Sorry? Sorry doesn’t bring back the dead!”
“Miss Rehanna.”
Prost called out sharply. Durene recognized her, although it took a second. She had been one of the villagers who’d refused to accept Laken’s rule when she’d came to Riverfarm. Durene had disliked the woman’s ingratitude then. And she hadn’t changed. The woman stormed up to Wiskeria as the [Witch] turned.
“You have some nerve, showing your face here after what you did. You were the [General]. You should have won! Or—or retreated sooner! Instead, there were thousands dead! From Riverfarm and every village, city, and town that your [Emperor] levied troops from! How dare you come in here and—”
She flinched as Durene put a hand on her shoulder. The half-Troll girl glared down at her. Durene’s voice boomed around the hall.
“Wiskeria saved as many lives as she could, Miss. It wasn’t her fault someone lied to her. She fought the Goblins! You weren’t there—”
“Durene.”
Wiskeria looked at her warningly. Rehanna spun, her eyes flaring with hatred. Hatred and disgust.
“So what if I wasn’t? I can say what we’re all thinking. If it weren’t for her, our people might not have died at Lancrel! And for what? A bunch of city-folk who come here and steal our food while complaining all the while? If we’d had a proper leader in charge instead of this—”
The woman cut off as Durene clenched a fist. Durene made no other move, but it was a big fist. Rehanna backed up. Durene glared at her.
“Don’t you dare insult her. You weren’t fighting. You weren’t there! How can you insult Wiskeria?”
“Durene. Enough.”
Someone pulled at Durene’s shoulder. Prost. He couldn’t move her, but he interposed himself between her and Rehanna. He glanced up at Durene and shook his head.
