6.36 E
Page 30
Durene rushed forwards. She couldn’t hold it in anymore. Only the [Witch]’s hand stopped her. Wiskeria put one hand on the cauldron to steady herself and Durene saw and heard her hand hiss on the metal. The [Witch]’s face turned with pain, but she looked up at Durene, panting.
“I’m fine. It’s not done. Hold on.”
The fire had died down. The boiling soup was still. Durene, hesitating, realized the shadows in the cottage had returned to normal. But there was still something left. Wiskeria reached for the stirring spoon. With her good hand, the one not burned and cut, she lifted some of the broth to her lips.
It was a thick, creamy soup that Durene saw Wiskeria sipping from. But it looked deeper, more complex, better than any soup Durene could remember eating. Ever. Wiskeria gulped down the soup hungrily, and then looked at her right hand, the cut and burn there. And Durene gasped.
The wounds were closing! Slowly, so slowly. But Durene could see the flesh knitting, the blood stopping. The burn disappeared as Wiskeria and Durene stared at it. And when the [Witch] lowered her hand, her eyes were green and yellow, sparkling, and her cheeks flushed with pride. Pride and life. She looked at Durene and smiled, tired, jubilant.
“It’s done. Want a taste?”
Durene stared at Wiskeria, then the soup. She stared at the offered ladle, felt her stomach rumble, and threw her hands up in the air.
“What was that?”
 
—-
 
“Old ways.”
That was all Wiskeria said when Durene had calmed down. She was grimacing, trying to figure out how to load the cauldron onto a handcart to transport it to Riverfarm. It wasn’t going to be easy; the cauldron was full, but neither she nor Durene could countenance wasting a drop of it. And it needed to be eaten from the cauldron, apparently.
“It’s the vessel it was made in. You can’t just bottle it, Durene. Well, you could, but it’ll be weaker. And it’ll lose its power after the first day, most of it. People need to eat this fresh!”
“And it’ll cure them? What did you do? I’ve never heard someone chant like that. No [Mage] could do that! What was with the shadows? The fire?”
Wiskeria shrugged.
“It’s [Witch] stuff.”
She hesitated as Durene made a fist. Wiskeria sighed.
“I can’t tell you everything, Durene. Like I said, this is old ways. Witchcraft is all about ritual. Using power that’s not our own, you understand. We’re not walking mana batteries like [Mages] or able to mix…Unicorn hair and Kraken teeth like [Alchemists]. We have to get our power from other things.”
“Like what?”
The [Witch] paused for a moment.
“Emotions, for one. That’s what the shadows were about. I was gathering all the regrets I had. Some of the ill will, the pain from people who lost their families.”
“Oh. But why was it so—”
“Sinister? It wasn’t so bad. I just built up there. If I’d let it all out, it could have been nasty. But good will, bad—it’s all power. I burnt it up, don’t worry.”
“With your hair? And blood?”
Wiskeria shrugged, smiling a bit. She touched her healed hand and made a face.
“Everything requires a sacrifice. And because of what I offered, you helping me, I think this will be a good stew. It’ll heal wounds, energize people—make them feel better about what happened.”
“All that in this?”
Durene stared at the cauldron. She’d had a mouthful, and she didn’t feel different. Okay, she felt good, and like she could plough a field with one hand—but stamina potions did the same. Only, this felt better than the burst of frantic energy a stamina potion gave her. Wiskeria nodded when Durene said that.
