6.36 E
Page 29
Watching her. Durene halted. The [Witch] stood in front of the cauldron, and her eyes were glowing. Orange mixed with green. Wiskeria spoke slowly.
“Remember what I said about [Witches] being different, Durene?”
“Yes?”
Durene quavered. Then she straightened. This wasn’t something to be afraid of! It was just—Wiskeria had told her she wasn’t above Level 30 in her [Witch] class. It was just a spell. If Durene kicked over the cauldron—her eyes flicked to the pot.
Kicked over the cauldron? She didn’t want to do that. That felt like a…bad idea. But Durene was unnerved.
“This isn’t like regular magic, Wiskeria.”
The [Witch] smiled slightly. She breathed in and out—she was sweating hard, Durene realized.
“No. This isn’t like a regular spell. It’s the best I can do. I need to finish it now. Don’t worry; it feels…bad. I know. But the worst thing I could do is stop. There’s a lot of guilt in the air. Guilt and regret.”
Durene nodded. She stared around the cottage. Wiskeria breathed in and out, rhythmically.
“I gathered it. That’s a thing [Witches] do. That’s what’s making this brew powerful. Now I need to perform the incantation. Durene, this is the most important part. You can listen. But don’t speak.”
Durene opened her mouth for a flippant remark and closed it. Wiskeria nodded. She turned back to the cauldron. And this time, she walked around it. Not in the perfect circle, but urgently, bending, investigating the liquid inside. The soup swirled, as if following Wiskeria. And then she spoke.
 
“For a drink to warm the heart and body both,
I offer this harvest, by [Witch]’s ways and humble host
Sage’s Grass, gathered without cold iron’s sting,
Mushrooms, plucked from a faerie’s ring
Herbs grown in garden plot and nature’s walk,
Eleven dried things from [Merchants] bought
To bind it all, a liquid draught of ritual wrought
Come together now, to cure from this humble pot.”
 
It was a slow chant. Rhythmic. And with each step, the fire beneath the cauldron flared up a bit. Durene watched, breathless. It felt like the shadows were gathering around Wiskeria and the pot. And the smell was beautiful, enticing. Durene felt her stomach gurgle. But what was the unease in the air. Wiskeria pointed.
A red glow sprang from the soup. Durene jumped until she realized. The Sage’s Grass. It was glowing in the pot. The [Witch] stepped closer, and Durene saw she had a knife. The half-Troll girl’s stomach clenched in unconscious anticipation and she opened her mouth before she caught herself. Wiskeria murmured.
“And grief. And regret. And despair and death. And hatred, I add all of thee. Be swallowed and changed by goodwill. For a [Witch]’s repentance. Mercy.”
She flicked and something flew into the pot. Durene saw it go, or did she feel it. The hum in the air intensified. Now she saw it. Wiskeria was struggling with something, pushing the shadows into the pot. Her face twisted with guilt, anguish, like Durene had seen in the meeting hall when she’d spoken to the families of the dead. She raised the knife in her left hand.
“And for power. A sacrifice for blood lost. Come now, come hither! Mend wounds and give life, for those who died in winter’s frost!”
The knife flashed down. Durene saw it slash across Wiskeria’s wrist. She stared in horror as blood splattered the cauldron, the sides—none fell into the soup. It ran down and into the fire. The fire flared up, roaring for a moment, engulfing the cauldron. Wiskeria stumbled.
“Wiskeria!”
