6.36 E
Page 18
“You deserve it! I’m going with you out of the goodness of my heart and you won’t even tell me why—”
Bickering, the two were climbing a slight rise when Ryoka saw movement below them. She took one look down the shapes below them and held out a hand. Charlay nearly ran her over and reared.
“Don’t do that! I could have hurt—”
She shut up as Ryoka whirled.
“Get back!”
Charlay wheeled and Ryoka sprinted back down the hill. The Centauress crouched, although she was still far bigger, and Ryoka turned her head, her heart suddenly racing.
“What? What’d you see?”
“Let me check again. Stay there.”
Ryoka flattened herself to the earth and crawled back up the slope. Charlay ran a bit down the rise and Ryoka peeked over the edge. She came crawling back and then ran at a crouch to Charlay.
“Oh shit. [Bandits].”
The Centauress froze.
“You’re sure?”
Ryoka nodded. Down the hill was a straightaway and what looked like marshland up ahead. They’d have to cross through the edge of it, but what had caught Ryoka’s eye was a bunch of distant riders. Normally Ryoka would have assumed it was a caravan, an adventuring group—but she’d seen the corpse on the ground before Charlay.
“I only saw a few people on horseback. You’re sure it was [Bandits]?”
“Either that person on the ground is napping, or they just killed a traveller.”
Ryoka snapped back, checking her belt. She’d counted sixteen, and half of them mounted. Some local group? A wandering band, using the marshes as a base? Charlay pranced nervously.
“One of them might have been injured—”
“He was napping in blood, Charlay.”
“Oh.”
The two City Runners looked at each other. Ryoka felt at her belt. Her hands were shaking a bit. She’d run into [Bandits] on runs before, but this was the first time she’d seen them before they saw her. And this was a larger group than most.
“We can try going off the road and sneaking around them. Or going back and taking another route.”
“Maybe. They won’t stay there for long, though. They’ll hide and then we won’t know where they are.”
Charlay looked uneasily at the group up ahead. Ryoka nodded.
“So what do we do? Try and break through? They’re on horses. If I could use the wind, I could try blinding them. Or using caltrops, but it’s risky—”
The Centauress looked shocked.
“What? I was saying let’s go way around them! Miles away! Are you crazy? I’m not tangling with a [Bandit] group if I can help it.”
“Oh.”
Ryoka blushed. She looked at Charlay.
“But you do have some Skills, right? If they attack us, can’t you whip out a bow and fight them off?”
“I don’t use a bow! Do you think all Centaurs use a bow? That’s racist!”
“Excuse me. How do you fight back, then?”
“I…have my hooves? And two wands. And this!”
Charlay pulled out a dagger and waved it uncertainly at Ryoka. The young woman stared at it. Charlay turned red.
“It works! I outrun people, mostly. And I can knock someone off a horse with my wands. That’s usually all I need. And I can make a dust cloud.”
“Right. Dustrider Charlay.”
Ryoka sighed. She supposed that was all Charlay needed. She stared at the rise and shook her head.
“I’m no good without the wind. And I agree; I’m not fighting [Bandits]. We’ll have to go back, find a really long way around. Damn.”
“Better than having them chase us. Let’s go before they finish and come this way.”
Charlay pointed back down the road. Ryoka nodded. She felt…guilty, leaving the [Bandits] there. And the person on the ground—were they alive? Ryoka bit her lip. She couldn’t dwell on it. She was no hero. And neither was she a killer. Sixteen [Bandits]?
