6.36 E
Page 1
“It’s magic. Not magic robes; just a little charm against water. Good thing I put it on the tent or I’d have been soaked this morning. I think it’s wearing off, though; I got a few drips.”
Wiskeria pointed out Durene’s window. The half-Troll [Farmer] glanced outside.
“Huh. Charms? Is that like regular spells? I don’t know much about magic.”
“It’s small magic. Spells are quick to cast and last…hours at best, usually. Charms require a bit more work. For a charm against water, I sprinkle some dust over the tent and make it deflect water. It lasts for a few days, so if I forget to apply it, I get soaked. Same for the hat and clothes.”
“That’s so handy.”
Not powerful, though. Just handy. Durene could be as happily dry as Wiskeria with a towel and a minute of work. The [Witch] nodded, eating fast.
“Small magics. I have a lot of them. It’s not as good as casting [Barrier of Air] or something like a [Mage], but it’s pretty good. That’s how my class does magic, anyways. We get other things in return.”
“You mean, like bringing dead crow heads back to life?”
Durene stared across the table. Wiskeria paused with some potato stuffed into her mouth. She chewed, swallowed, and slowly looked outside.
“Uh…yes. If we want to. [Witches] learn a lot of disciplines. General magic, alchemy, hexes, charms, beast taming, even fighting skills—”
“Necromancy.”
“I don’t know any spells to raise the dead.”
“Oh. Okay.”
“I really don’t. Look, [Witches] aren’t all the same, Durene. We’re—it’s a wide class.”
Flustered, Wiskeria adjusted the hat on her head. She never took it off, even indoors. She wiped her spectacles on her robes and Durene let the matter drop.
“So what’re you going to do today? Prost and Rie say they’re going to make an announcement this morning. In the village. Want to come?”
The [Witch] hesitated, and her good mood palpably faded a bit. Durene just stared at her. Wiskeria mumbled as she finished her plate.
“Maybe. I could…come by.”
“Laken asked you to.”
Another pause.
“Yes, he did. I’ll think about it.”
And there was another thing. Yesterday, Wiskeria’s answer would have been a flat rejection, Durene was sure. But she’d been in the room with Durene and heard Laken’s [Message]. He’d asked her to help, and the [Witch] looked bothered as she glanced out Durene’s window again. Because, as different as she was from Durene, with her quick wits, magic, and now, deep guilt, she and Durene shared the same thing that bound them together in unlikely ways.
Loyalty. Durene had been glad to see it yesterday—surprised that she saw it in Rie’s face—and relieved herself. Something, someone was coming that would make things better. But just as importantly, Durene had realized what she needed to do while Laken was away. Keep Riverfarm safe. And with that in mind, she felt energized today. Durene got up and put both plates away. She looked at Wiskeria.
“If you’re coming, do it soon. I’m going into the village. With Frostwing. If she behaves herself.”
She reached for the bird and Frostwing squawked, but slowly hopped onto Durene’s arm. The bird pecked at a loose thread on Durene’s clothing, but didn’t scream or protest this time as Durene picked up an oiled cloak and held it over the bird. She walked over to the door.
“See you later?”
“Yeah.”
Wiskeria smiled as Durene left the cottage. She watched as the door closed, and the sudden shower of rain began to let up a tiny bit. The [Witch] stared around the cottage, sighed, then stood up as well.
 
—-
 
