6.36 E
Page 35
The shock on her face was apparent to everyone. But still, the eyes searched the street, then went back to her. If not her, who? Rehanna made another sound, a groaning, weeping scream. Miss Yesel clutched at Chimmy, who was white with fear.
“Miss Wiskeria?”
“I didn’t do it. That was not my spell.”
“Was it a spell?”
Ram looked at Wiskeria, and then past her at Nesor, who’d rushed out of a building with three vials in his hand. Wiskeria hesitated.
“I—the magic—”
“It was not Wiskeria who cast that spell.”
Durene breathed in and out, trying to clear the smell from the door. The knob was turning red, cooling. But the damage was still done. Ram looked around, clearly disconcerted.
“If not Wiskeria, then who? Who—”
“Me.”
The voice came from above from behind. Durene spun. Ram, Yesel, Chimmy, Wiskeria, everyone, looked up. And there they saw her.
A woman perched on the roof of the house opposite the cookhouse. At least, she looked vaguely like a woman. Her arms were thin, her posture hunched. She was dressed in grey rags, and she had a dark grey hat. Pointed, and bespectacled with feathers. But the woman’s frame looked—wrong. Too long. And as she hunched there, in a crouch, Durene saw she was not alone.
A flock of crows were sitting next to the woman, silent as could be. Durene hadn’t even noticed them arrive. Now they turned their heads, their beady eyes staring down at the crowd. More than one person shuddered. Not just for the crows. But for the woman. She looked like they did. And her eyes, when they stared down, were piercing. And the irises were nearly back.
“I cast that spell, Master Ram. If you seek a [Witch] to blame, here I am. But such is consequence for rudeness done. That woman’s pain was justly won.”
“What—who are—”
Ram stuttered as he pointed up at the woman. Wiskeria had gone white. She looked up and the woman—no, the [Witch] stood up. The villagers backed away as the crows took flight, circling the air, cawing. And the woman’s voice was loud, as Rehanna screamed on the ground.
“Remember this well, people of Riverfarm: Those who scorn a [Witch]’s gift must pay the toll. Discourtesy shall be matched with discourtesy, and ill for ill. In equal measure do we reap kindness or misery each. Such is humanity’s will.”
The words came out like a chant, like a spell. The woman who was as much bird as person leapt down, and the murder of crows flew low overhead, cawing, and the people ducked or shouted. They backed away. But Wiskeria held still. She stared at the woman with the hat. The [Witch]. And she said one word.
“Mavika.”
The [Witch] bowed slightly. And a smile crossed her lips. Yellow teeth—Durene shuddered. Mavika looked at Wiskeria. And she looked around and said only this:
“I am the first.”
The rest followed soon after.
 

