6.36 E
Page 0

(Hey, I’ve got news! Volume 2 of The Wandering Inn might come out as an e-book soon! The Audiobook is scheduled for September 10th! Madness! Find out more details here!)
 
Day 55 – Durene
 
Help was on the way. That was the thought that Durene held in her head when she woke in her cottage. It propelled her out of bed, and had her rummaging through the pack of food that Prost had provided her with last night. It made eggs, fresh from Riverfarm’s chickens, fried new potatoes grown from Riverfarm’s fields and uh, got water from the creek that fed Riverfarm’s river.
Okay, it was just a good mood. But Durene welcomed it. She had spoken to Laken. Not face-to-face, and he was yet far away, doing things with Goblin prisoners and she was not happy about that. But she’d missed him. It felt like now, she knew that he remembered her. Was thinking of her.
It mattered a lot. Durene dumped a bucket of water in what was supposed to be her pig’s trough. It was her bucket, so it filled the trough halfway and woke the new occupant of her cottage’s fenced-in perimeter. Bismarck yawned, exposing rows of yellowed teeth, and padded over to the trough for a drink. Durene eyed him, and the Mossbear sniffed the air. He tried to proceed towards the cottage for breakfast—Durene caught him.
“No. That’s my breakfast, Bismarck. You can have these potatoes.”
She dumped a small pile on the ground, and the bear sniffed them. Then he sniffed the air and decided fried potatoes and eggs sounded a lot better. He padded towards the cottage—this time Durene wrapped her arms around his midsection.
“I said, no.”
The Mossbear, affronted and surprised, looked back at Durene. He made a gaoing sound and pulled. Durene, her feet slipping in the wet soil, pulled back. And both she and Bismarck had an unpleasant surprise.
He was strong! Durene had met few things in this world that could really bother her. Wagons, trees, even Hobgoblins had felt weaker than her. But Bismarck was a Mossbear, bigger than regular bears. And he—Durene slipped across the ground, and then pulled back, harder.
The bear was surprised too. He wasn’t used to anything being able to hold him in place, or get in his way, come to that. He strained to go forwards, and Durene hauled him back.
“Stay. Bad Bismarck! Stay—”
That was when it began to rain. Again. Both the Mossbear and half-Troll girl looked up as the clouds opened up. A downpour instantly soaked both, and the potatoes. Bismarck eyed Durene and the cottage, and then the pile of wet potatoes on the ground. Durene bared her teeth. The Mossbear considered his chances of getting into the hut, then dejectedly padded over to his potatoes, and began wolfing them down. Durene sighed.
It was the beginning of another day.
 
—-
 
Another day. But a better one. As Durene dried herself, she remembered yesterday and smiled. By the time Wiskeria entered the cottage, dripping with water, Frostwing was eating his raw meat and Durene had food.
“Morning, Wiskeria.”
“Hello, Durene. It’s another rainy day.”
The [Witch] sighed as she shook water from her clothes and hat onto the floor. Durene was about to ask if she needed a towel, and then she noticed Wiskeria wasn’t actually wet. The water slid from her garments leaving a dry, if hungry, [Witch] behind.
“Wow. Is that magic? Here. Want some eggs and potatoes?”
Wiskeria sat down at the table, smiling slightly. She accepted the food and ate ravenously; Durene joined her a moment later with a much larger plate of her own food. Frostwing pecked at her bowl of meat and balefully eyed the egg-eaters.
