6.36 E
Page 17
Ryoka had figured that out, and Charlay was really actually fairly sensitive underneath her bluster. The young woman sighed as she tried to figure out a possible excuse—or make up a bunch of Skills, when she spotted something on the road ahead of her.
“Hold up. Charlay, you see that?”
The Centauress was pouting, but she looked up at the tone in Ryoka’s voice. She slowed from her trot, and Ryoka went from a fast jog to a walk. She stared at the building up ahead of her. Or rather, what was left of it.
“Dead g—shit.”
A blackened ruin of a building lay just off to the side of the road. A farmstead, destroyed and abandoned. The two Runners looked at each other and ran closer, but hesitantly. Ryoka felt at her bag of holding and Charlay pawed the ground with one hoof, uneasily.
“[Raiders], do you think?”
“Maybe. Do we check for people?”
Ryoka eyed the buildings. They looked long abandoned, and she was reluctant to investigate. You never knew what might be lurking in places like that. Said [Raiders] or monsters. Charlay shook her head.
“If it was still smoking, maybe. But look—the field was burnt over there, see? It’s already started to regrow in places. This is abandoned.”
Ryoka noticed the field beyond the farmstead and nodded. Someone had set flame to the field beyond, but the blackened soil was already showing bits of green.
“Let’s go, then. Keep an eye out?”
Charlay nodded silently, her tiff with Ryoka forgotten. The two Runners moved on, now cautiously scanning the landscape. But they soon found that whatever had afflicted this one farm wasn’t a singular occurrence.
“Oats. What happened to this place?”
Charlay stared at the eighth ruin they passed by. Ryoka just shook her head. This road they were taking south wasn’t the only one, but it painted a horrible picture. Every single place they’d come to was like this. Lonely houses, even a village, all lying in ruin. Something had swept down this way, leaving only destruction in its wake.
Burned farmlands. Houses pillaged by fire. Ryoka didn’t know if it was [Bandits] or…she eyed a ruined mill and wondered how many [Bandits] could do this much damage. Surely villages and towns had militias. Or what about local cities? Adventurers would hunt [Bandits] just like monsters. What had caused this?
“This is Laken’s home? What the hell happened here?”
She muttered to herself as she ran. Charlay turned her head to stare down at Ryoka.
“Laken. That’s your client, right? The [Emperor]? Is he really an [Emperor]? And how does he know you?”
The young woman paused.
“It’s uh, a long story. I was hired by him in Invrisil.”
“And is he really an [Emperor]?”
“…Maybe? How do you know about him?”
Charlay snorted and stamped a hoof. She ran ahead of Ryoka so she could twist at the waist and glare down at the young woman.
“Informants of course! I can buy information just like everyone else. And everyone’s heard the rumors. An [Emperor] was with Tyrion Veltras—he’s claimed the lands around Riverfarm—but it’s in the middle of nowhere! An [Emperor] should have a huge amount of land! And a, you know, empire?”
“Well, he’s got one village. And he hired me because I met him once.”
“Really? To deliver a bunch of low-grade potions to a [Lady]?”
Charlay eyed Ryoka, arms folded. The Runner girl shrugged.
“Yup.”
“You’re lying.”
“Maybe I am. But you’re coming with me, so you can see what I’m doing.”
“You’re not going to tell me why you know this [Emperor] or he wants you? We’re friends, Ryoka.”
“And friends don’t pry into each other’s secrets, Charlay. You’ll find out soon enough. Don’t kick dirt at me or I’ll hit you.”
