6.36 E
Page 33
“It wasn’t your fault, Miss Wiskeria. Nor his Majesty’s. It was them Goblins. And whoever knocked out poor Nesor.”
Everyone nodded at that, to Durene’s relief. Nesor nodded to. He couldn’t meet anyone’s eyes. Instead, he eyed the magical soup with a [Mage]’s interest.
“I’d gladly try the first bowl, Miss Wiskeria. I’ve always heard [Witches] make powerful concoctions, but I haven’t ever tried…would you allow me the honor?”
“Of course.”
Wiskeria smiled and Durene offered her a ladle. She poured the soup into a bowl, and Nesor took it. He sniffed the soup, and smiled timidly. Then he took a spoon and without hesitation, took a bite.
His face changed at once. It grew peaceful, content, and his eyes brightened. No one needed to know what the soup tasted like, but the crowd waited anyways as Nesor finished the bowl, eating quickly and hungrily. He looked up, realized everyone was staring, and blushed. But then he pointed at the cauldron.
“This is the finest soup I’ve ever had. And—powerful! I feel reinvigorated, as good as any [Alchemist]’s concoction. I urge you all to try it! Please!”
He waved a hand and the crowd moved forwards. Durene, smiling and laughing, reached for the ladle, and Wiskeria’s smile was no less wide than Nesor’s. Chimmy hopped into place, bouncing for a bowl. Durene reached for the ladle and the shout behind her nearly deafened her.
“You bitch!”
Rehanna ran forwards. The woman hiked up her dress, and before anyone could stop her, as Durene and Wiskeria were turning, she kicked at the cauldron. With a cry, Durene turned, but it was too late. The iron pot overbalanced with Rehanna’s enraged kick. And it was a good kick; the heavy pot tipped over and gravity did the rest.
The liquid in the cauldron poured onto the street, mixing with the wet earth. The pleasant aroma in the air faded, and turned sour. Wiskeria leapt back as the magical soup stained her feet. And the pleasant liquid was suddenly brown, mixed with the soil unpleasantly. Rehanna, panting, eyes alight with hatred, pointed in triumph at it.
“See? It was a trick! It wasn’t good at all! Poison, it looks like!”
“Rehanna!”
Mister Ram roared in fury. He threw his bowl down as the convivial, pleasant atmosphere turned just as hostile. Wiskeria was in shock, but the [Rancher] advanced on Rehanna furiously.
“You just kicked over enough food to feed everyone here! And the best smelling soup I’ve ever had! How dare you! Prost will put you in the stocks! You should be thrown out of Riverfarm on your ear for that! After Miss Wiskeria—”
“Don’t you fall for her lies! She’s a [Witch]! She was trying to buy you all with her fake magic! You think she can make you a stew and beg your forgiveness? Did you forget what she did?”
Rehanna bellowed back, her face red with fury. There were tears in her eyes. Ram recoiled, and Rehanna pointed at the foul-smelling liquid now staining the ground.
“You see that? Can’t you smell it? I knew it was a trick! The same trick that made everyone think she was a [General]! It’s just black magic!”
“It wasn’t bad magic.”
Nesor mumbled.
“How would you know, you half-rate [Mage]?”
Rehanna spun on him and he flinched. But he raised his voice, gritting his teeth.
“I know just as certainly as I knew any magic from Wistram. Miss Rehanna. That was no poor spell. It was a [Witch]’s brew, not alchemical, but there was good magic there. I’m afraid you ruined it.”
He pointed at Rehanna. The woman’s face turned even deeper crimson, and there was a rumble from the villagers. She pointed at Wiskeria, and her voice was a screech of fury.
