6.36 E
Page 13
It was Rie’s turn to sweetly interrupt Beatica. The woman narrowed her eyes.
“How will we earn a living then, Lady Rie? So far we have generously donated to Riverfarm’s construction, but many of us would like to earn money, would we not?”
That got a round of nods, mostly from the city dwellers again. Rie looked around and raised her voice.
“This is not a city. I remind you that this is the sovereign territory of [Emperor] Laken. His majesty has allowed any number of Lancrel’s folk to come to his city, provided shelter and food despite having no obligation to—he even fought for Lancrel, when the city’s own militia abandoned it, didn’t they?”
She looked pointedly at Beatica. The woman colored.
“The army failed to liberate Lancrel—”
She hesitated, and her eyes flicked around the room. Many of the villagers had folded their arms. Beatica switched sentences so fast Durene blinked.
“—and we appreciate their sacrifice of course! But there is such a thing as democracy, surely? Don’t we, as citizens of his Majesty Godart’s ah, empire¸ deserve a voice? Or is his will the only one we are permitted to follow?”
Uneasiness followed her words. Rie’s brow twitched.
“Of course you will have a voice. But I invite you to wait for his Majesty to return, Miss Beatica. This is all quite forward of you. In fact, the fourth day in a row you’ve made this a public subject. I was discouraged to learn that you spent little time helping in your assigned task. One would almost imagine that you regarded the effort of washing clothes beneath you.”
All eyes swung back to Beatica. The woman hesitated, and flushed.
“Not at all. I’m simply concerned with the wellbeing of—”
“Lancrel. Indeed. I would suggest you help clothe them, then. One cannot work with sullied garments. All of Riverfarm is working, Miss Beatica. Which reminds me, I must get back to my job. Enjoy your break.”
With that, Rie swept past the [Councilwoman]. Durene felt oddly pleased to see Beatica’s eyes flashing furiously as Rie and her bodyguard, the [Fistfighter] Geram, swept out of the mess hall.
“Wow. There are people even Rie has trouble with.”
Durene murmured to Frostwing. She was glad Rie had won, though, and fairly convincingly so if the nods from the people around her were anything to judge. Even so, there was a murmur among Lancrel’s lot as she left and Beatica instantly turned to her crowd and addressed them, looking apologetic and slightly outraged. Durene didn’t listen to what was being said—she grabbed Frostwing and hurried towards the door, hoping to catch Rie.
On the way, Durene passed Beatica and the crowd of well-dressed folk. Durene did nothing but stride past them, but as the first heads turned and noticed her, a woman recoiled and cried out. The shrill shriek was echoed by exclamations from the crowd. Durene paused and turned.
“Something wrong?”
The Lancrel city folk stared up at Durene, faces pale. Councilwoman Beatica smiled, but she visibly placed her hands beneath her back as everyone but her stepped back.
“Nothing at all. You’re Miss Durene, aren’t you? I apologize—my people have never met someone ah, as notable as you.”
“You mean, a half-Troll.”
“Ah. Of course.”
The woman hesitated. Durene turned to her.
“I’m a [Paladin]. One of Riverfarm’s protectors. I was at Lancrel fighting the Goblins. I’m glad to see so many people made it out alive. We paid a heavy price that day. How do you do?”
