6.36 E
Page 11
“It’s not hard. Why not spare some men? The answer is that Mister Prost and Lady Rie don’t think it’s necessary. But why not? They’re always rushing about so why not appoint a supervisor to deal with the roads? Come to that, why not organize the village with more officials? There’s no hierarchy here, just those two.”
“There’s more than that. They have [Foremen] and people in charge of each area.”
One of the women wiped some rain from her cloak. The man with the nice coat paused.
“Ye-es… but I’m talking people with authority. People used to managing—there are a few, but they’re all from the villages. What about us?”
“They were here first, Rodivek. We’re newcomers.”
“But we have the classes they don’t. What’s a [Headman] know of managing a few thousand people? I was a [Mayor] of my town. And Beatica was a [Councilwoman] for over two decades! Don’t you think it’s slightly unfair that so many of us have no say in how this place we’re building is developed?”
Durene watched as the crowd shifted. Some people didn’t look convinced by Rodivek’s little speech, but more than half were nodding uncertainly. She walked away quickly.
Rodivek and Beatica. Those were two names she’d heard more than once on the tongues of people who identified as city folk. She didn’t like the man. As for the woman—Durene met her that night, as she took her dinner in one of the mess halls.
 
—-
 
“Frostwing, shush!”
Durene was tending to the bird as people ate their dinners or collected them for eating elsewhere at the queues in the cookhouses. Her bird had been much better behaved after a few days around Durene, but Frostwing was still somewhat feral. And when she was hungry, the bird was hard to control. She kept trying to peck at other people who hurried past, guarding their food. Durene eventually had to grip the bird against her chest and, ignoring Frostwing’s furious pecking, collect some meat and her dinner.
“Screech and you don’t get any meat, understand? Just sit here and be quiet.”
The half-Troll girl knew that Frostwing could understand her. And after a glare, the bird meekly hopped onto Durene’s arm and began to gobble food. Durene sighed, and tore into the hot, toasted bun filled with bits of fruit and some goat’s cheese. To her delight, there were bits of meat in her meal as well! It tasted like…game. Rabbit maybe, or some other small animal. It was hot, filling, and Durene realized her portion wasn’t nearly enough. With the bowl of onion soup it might be for most folks, but Durene’s stomach was still growling.
“I need two more portions.”
A bit ashamed, Durene went back to the [Cook]. The man opened his mouth to protest, looked Durene up and down, and silently gave her two more sandwiches and filled her bowl. The half-Troll girl blushed at the looks from some of the other people around her, but was too hungry to complain. She was sitting at one of the tables in the building, letting Frostwing peck at one sandwich, when she heard a woman’s voice.
“I simply cannot understand why you won’t accept our modest proposals, Lady Rie. Nobility is one thing, but I would like to remind you that we are speaking for all of Lancrel. A city has a voice, you know.”
