6.37 E
Page 9
Someone muttered that behind Prost. A hard line, and it came from Beycalt, a [Forewoman] who stared at the [Thief] with disgust. Elmmet’s head jerked up, and some of Lancrel’s folk paled. Hedag only sighed.
“Some’d say so, Miss. But it’s harder to say. The old laws change from village to village. Some would string up a man who beat his daughter half as hard. Others look the other way. But a [Thief]? There’s a penalty for a [Thief], sure enough. And it’s this.”
She strolled over to Elmmet in the stocks. And Prost saw her lift the axe. Everyone saw it. And they knew, with the clairvoyance everyone shared, what she was about to do. But the stupid parts of their minds, the parts that lied and thought reality should be a certain way, convinced them it wasn’t going to happen. She wasn’t really going to—
The axe came down and flashed past the wooden stocks with a thunk of sound. Prost stared down at the hand as it landed on the ground. A long-fingered hand, with no hair on it. Good for a [Thief]. But not so much severed. Elmmet stared at his stump of a hand in shock. Blood pooled, and then ran from the stump, dribbling down the stock. The man stared at the stump, pulled it out of the stock, put it back in. Only then did he scream.
“Potion! Get a potion!”
Prost shouted as the crowd erupted into screams. More than half of the city folk were panicking. And even the villagers, used to beheading chickens and killing animals, stared. The violence was so sudden, so quick. But Hedag just swung her axe up and bellowed.
“Quiet!”
And it was. The woman with the hat and terrible axe reached down and grabbed the stump of Elmmet’s arm. The man flailed, screaming as tendons appeared in his neck. Hedag squeezed and suddenly, the bleeding stopped. That didn’t stop the screaming, though. A blow from one hammer of a hand did that.
Elmmet’s head lolled back in the stocks and his entire body jerked. Prost sucked in his breath; he’d felt that punch! The crowd flinched, but Hedag just let the man’s arm drop.
“So that’s for a child beaten. The hand’s for a [Thief].”
“You can’t do that!”
The scream came from Beatica. The [Councilwoman] pointed a shaking finger at Hedag, and there was genuine fear and hysteria in her voice.
“You—cut off his hand!”
“And? It’s a punishment as old as time. Drakes do it in their cities. And in some cities around here it’s done. A hand for a [Thief]. A blow for a child-beater.”
Hedag replied as calmly as could be. Beatica just screamed at her.
“He was a [Councilman]! You cannot do that! You had no right! You’re no [Watchman]! There are laws—”
“Right? I have every right!”
Hedag’s voice cut Beatica’s shriek off. The woman turned, and raised her brown hat. The axe dripped blood onto her shoulder as she raised it. The crowd, horrified and silent, watched as Hedag turned. And she was in charge. The woman spoke to Beatica, to Prost, to Elmmet, and to everyone.
“This is no city, for all you folk have come here. This is a village, and what wrong’s been done is plain to see. No one appointed me, Miss Councilwoman, it’s true. But there are times, bad times, when no one’ll do what’s needed. When folk have need of me and the truth I bring. A harsh truth, and with laws far older than I am. But it is justice, as just as any law you could name. And I will not be stopped, by you or anyone else. You called for proper justice, and here it is. The oldest kind.”
She swung her axe down and some blood struck the ground, Prost’s leg, and the stocks. Prost stared at Hedag. And then he saw her head turn.
