6.37 E
Page 3
Califor considered the question as Alevica hopped onto the ground and the broom returned to the laws of gravity. Alevica tossed it over her shoulder. She looked at Nanette, who was still staring, wide-eyed.
“Didn’t see me, Nanette? How long’s it been? Two years? Three?”
“Three. Nanette, your manners.”
The girl started, and her still-round cheeks went red again.
“Oh! I—I greet you, Witch Alevica! I tip my hat—”
She fumbled, and Alevica laughed. The young woman strode next to Califor’s horse and Nanette’s mare and waved a lazy hand.
“You don’t have to do that with me, Nanette. I don’t stand on the old ways. Do that to Mavika. Sorry about the scare!”
Califor sniffed.
“Nanette should remember her manners, Alevica. As should you.”
The rebuke made Alevica stop and sigh. The younger woman pursed her lips, but uncharacteristically, especially from what Nanette knew and had heard of her, she did stop and tip her hat grudgingly to Califor and then Nanette.
“I tip my hat to you, and I apologize, Miss Califor. And to you, Nanette. No harm done though, eh?”
Miss Califor sighed and inclined her head and tipped her hat gently.
“I tip my hat to you, Alevica. And I suppose not. And I do thank you for the aid. Shall we complete our actual task?”
“After you.”
Alevica bowed, only a hint mockingly. And the smile she gave Nanette was very real. Nanette, who of course knew Alevica by name if not face, and reputation, hurriedly tipped her hat and bowed in the saddle. Alevica tipped hers with a grin that made the girl blush, and Califor clicked her tongue. Her mare walked forwards.
In the distance, Beniar turned, and his Darksky Riders began to ride back. He, of course, had a lot of questions, but the [Witches] walked on, three abreast. And as they walked into Riverfarm, a cry and hue went up. Alevica looked interested; Miss Califor only waited. When she was ready, she would decide if the commotion was worth dealing with. In the meantime, she turned her head and addressed the [Witch] walking beside her.
“How was your journey, Witch Alevica?”
“Well…”
They headed into Riverfarm, down the main street. Beniar, chasing after them, drew up when he realized they had no intention of waiting for him. He returned to the Darksky Riders, who were checking the [Bandits]. One of the [Riders] looked up.
“What’s with the flying woman, Beniar? The two travellers safe?”
The young man grunted sourly.
“I think so. I’ll head back once we’re sure we got all the [Bandits]. Do a sweep nearby; I’ll take four that way. Then I’ll ask about those three. Some people have no manners.”
 
 
Day 56 – Prost
 
Mister Prost was not a happy man. He was a [Steward], a class which was, by and large, not generally happy. He accepted that. And Prost had found he was often content if not happy. But right now he was neither content nor happy. He stood in the middle of a square, in front of a pair of stocks. There was a man in said stocks.
Master Elmmet. The man didn’t look as pompous as he normally did, strutting about and sneering at Riverfarm’s people. But, incredibly, he still managed to look down on Prost with both hands and head sticking out of the stocks and his ass facing the world. And quite a lot of world was watching.
“This is a sham, Mister Prost. I’m innocent. Framed! I may have been caught by that adventurer, Beniar, but only as I was attempting to catch the [Thief] myself! This is an indignity!”
