6.37 E
Page 23
A distant horse and rider were heading towards the village. Ryoka stared at Belavierr’s back. At the dead people. Then she looked down the road. She could run. She could leave. But—Charlay was in Riverfarm. She’d taken the request. And Belavierr wasn’t the three strangers in the forest. She wasn’t Az’kerash. Or Teriarch. Or Ivolethe.
But she was something. And Ryoka didn’t know what. But she had a guess. She stared down at her hands. Blood ran from where the caltrop had dug into her hand.
“‘By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes.’ Fuck. Laken, what have you done?”
Then she ran towards Riverfarm. When she arrived, it was in time to see Belavierr walking down the main street. And as Ryoka drew closer, she felt the same presence. The same feeling that the shadows were moving around her.
Rehanna, lying on the ground, her burnt flesh on the doorknob. The blood of Emmett running down the main square of Riverfarm. A crowd, staring at the overturned cauldron. Prost, Rie, Durene, and Wiskeria, confronting the woman as crows circled overhead. This was the tableau. Only, it wasn’t a quiet stage. The people were beginning to scream at the [Witch], Mavika. Some were calling for Beniar, and he was riding forwards, escorting a giant of a woman. Multiple events, coming into confluence.
But it was Mavika’s pointing finger who drew the attention to her. The lone figure on horseback. She walked down the street calmly, sedately. But her presence drew all that had followed before her into silence.
Clop. Clip. Clop. She rode into the center of Riverfarm, down the street in the center of all of it. Belavierr rode straight for the crowd, and the people parted nervously. But the woman, against expectations, stopped. She dismounted from her horse and patted it. With everyone watching, the woman whispered in the horse’s ear and it trotted back the way it had come, to graze on some grass outside the village. Then, she turned and looked around.
Her eyes glowed beneath the hat. The people shuddered. But Belavierr took no notice. She stared through them, and her gaze focused on only one person.
Wiskeria. The young woman stood in the crowd, and Wiskeria’s face went pale. She turned away from Mavika. Durene, standing next to her, heard her whisper.
“It can’t be. Why is she here?”
“Who?”
Durene, bewildered, looked at Wiskeria. But the [Witch] didn’t answer. Mavika however, did.
“At last.”
She walked past Wiskeria, past Rie and Prost and the crowd. They sprang away from her as the crows flew low, following their mistress. Belavierr paused. And then another person stepped out of the frozen world. Hedag walked past Beniar and Geram. A young woman strolled down the street. She joined the three, making them four.
A pair followed them. An older woman and a child, who raised her pointed hat to Mavika and received the same. And lastly, an old woman, who greeted the other six with a smile. Then, all of them looked back down the street. And when they walked, it was together.
A young woman—no, a girl who might have been thirteen, wearing a dark blue hat with a wrinkle near the tip. Leading her, a stern-faced woman, her hat properly black, but a lighter shade of it, as were her robes, made for riding and travel, walking forwards without regard to whomever was in the way.
The short, smiling, elderly woman who’d been sipping at tea. Her hat appeared on her grey locks, decorated with still-fresh sunflower heats, a friendly grey hat betokened with color. She strolled along, her face wrinkled, pleasant, her gait quicker to keep up with the others.
