6.37 E
Page 8
“Ah.”
The strangled noise Prost made was the only sound in the world. Elmmet, white-faced, stared at his shadow as the shadowy-him turned a corner. Now his face was different. A woman’s face, the very one he’d stolen from. He snuck up to another man, yanked his purse away, and as the man turned and shouted, soundlessly, bounded away. The crowd backed up as the Elmmet disguised as the woman ran at them.
Only when he was far away did Elmmet’s face change back to normal. And it was a gleeful face as he poured shadowy coins into one palm and pocketed them. Prost stared. But then the man was changing faces, this time to deceive a fellow and rob him as he slept—
“Lies. That’s—this is lies. A false magic.”
From his stocks, Elmmet croaked weakly. Prost and some others looked at him, but the rest were focused on the shadow. It was…undeniable. Perhaps it was the Skill, or just the woman, Hedag, but Prost believed that Elmmet had done the very crimes he was reenacting. Stealing from a sleeping man, breaking into a house, and then the image blurred and he was slapping his wife, drunk, snarling. Prost turned his head. Elmmet’s wife had gone pale.
“Miss Hedag. What is this?”
Prost spoke quietly, into the silence. The woman adjusted her hat and spoke loudly, watching the shadows shift from crime to crime.
“Why, it’s the man’s sins, Mister Steward. All laid out for us to see. Everything he’s done. From back to front. It marks him as [Thief] and wife beater. And more, I’ll wager. Can’t you feel the truth of it? Will anyone say it’s not so? I dare you, for my Skill tells all truths and it cannot be swayed by magic nor lies!”
She looked around, spreading her arms. Behind her, Beatica choked, but even she couldn’t figure out a way to use words. Hedag had pulled truth out from Elmmet, and the hypnotized crowd watched him. Stealing from a [Merchant]. Stealing from a traveller. Changing faces. And then—
“All crimes?”
Prost heard a whisper. He looked down and saw Elmmet had suddenly gone white. The [Steward] looked up sharply and saw the shadows Elmmet and his new victim had changed. A girl shrank down, screaming silently, and the man reached out with an open hand. The man was Elmmet. And the girl—
Every head turned to the girl standing by Elmmet’s wife. The child stared with wide eyes at herself as the shadows told a story. A snarling figure reached out and beat at a shadow of a girl. And on the real girl, if you looked closely, you could see, around her neck and shoulder—
“How long ago was this?”
Prost’s hands were itching. He didn’t look at Elmmet. Hedag did. She shook her head.
“Every crime, Steward. Each one in order. Incredibly, this man has done more sinning in a day than some manage in a year. This might’ve been a week ago. Or but a few days. But the truth of it is there to see.”
She pointed. The shadowy man was still hitting the girl, curled up. Prost thought of Chimmy, and he had to force himself to hold still. Elmmet was very still as the men and women—and children—looked at him. And they had seen truth.
Into that silence, Hedag spoke. And her voice was jovial, booming. And as cold as stone.
“A poor man steals from honest folk. Poorer still beats his own child. Yet poorest of all is the wife who knows and says not a thing.”
She pointed at Elmmet’s wife. The woman started and her face went as pale as her husband’s. She opened her mouth, but no words came out. Hedag nodded.
“A woman like that’s no woman but a monster who pretends to love and care. But what of the one who raised the hand and downed the blow?”
“Death.”
