6.37 E
Page 6
“Stop twisting your words, woman! That man’s a [Thief] and he deserves exile, a noose, or just a few broken bones! He’s guilty and you Lancrel lot are just protecting him because he’s your big [Councilman]! As corrupt as all of you city-dwelling—”
A roar of outrage swallowed the rest of what Helm was shouting as the crowd, most of whom were city people or townsfolk, shouted at Helm. The villagers present bellowed back, and Prost’s heart sank. He saw Beatica stumbling back, looking wounded—and noticed the sly, foxlike smile too late. Of course, she wanted this. He shouted, and then used a Skill.
“Silence!”
[Crowd Control]. Prost had to push to force everyone silent, but they fell quiet. Beatica looked uncertain as she noticed Prost using the Skill; the [Steward] was breathing hard with the effort. He looked around, and wished Laken were here. But he was trusting Prost, so the man straightened his back and did what he could.
“Master Elmmet. Swear on this truth stone you aren’t the [Thief]. Or I will consider you as such. If you believe the truth stone to be a lie, say it anyways and we’ll test this stone for all to see. But swear on it!”
He thrust the stone at the man’s face. Elmmet’s eyes darted left and right as he opened his mouth. There was silence, and into it he croaked.
“I—I—ask my wife and daughter! They’ll vouch that I’m no [Thief]! Ask them!”
Prost made a sound of disgust and lowered the stone. But Elmmet’s words provoked more shouting, and a woman and daughter were thrust forwards. The woman, Elmmet’s wife, looked as untrustworthy as he did. And the girl? Terrified as she stared at the crowd. And her father.
Prost had seen families like that before. Maybe the wife deserved each other, but what daughter stared at her father like that? He looked over his shoulder and saw Elmmet smiling desperately. Prost ached to bash the man’s teeth in. But one wrong move and Lancrel’s people might turn on him. Where was Rie? Then again, what could she do? Prost turned, thinking desperately. If he passed judgment now—
Councilwoman Beatica was drawing breath for another plea to her masses. Helm was about to make things worse, and Prost saw someone, a city person or villager he wasn’t sure—draw back a fist. In that moment he saw the future and the future was a fight where the situation would be muddled, explode with all the wrong things, and engulf Elmmet’s actual crime with too much to make sentencing him easily.
It was a trap. But before it was sprung, a woman pushed her way through the crowd, and her voice boomed like a falling tree.
“What’s all this fuss about? If the man’s guilty, let’s find out the easiest way!”
Her voice cut off Beatica’s speech. It interrupted the fight. It drew every eye, including Prost’s. He stared at the woman, and he was sure he’d never seen her before. You’d remember a woman like this.
Long ago, Humans had been hardier folk. Before they’d built cities, they lived in villages, hunted, provided for themselves with tools and technique and sinew rather than buying it with gold. The early Humans, men and women, had been strong, tough enough to face monsters on the edge of civilization.
It was from their cloth this woman had been cut, and what cloth! She was a giant of a figure, her hair full and brown, her arms as thick as Helm’s. She was tall, bold—and she had a voice that would have made her a star among opera singers in another world. But in this one, she was dressed in travelling clothes, stained, but clean. And her wide, brown hat was perfect for travelling.
