6.37 E
Page 24
The hunched figure who’d cast a curse. A flock of black birds circled overhead as she walked. Her hat was black as shade, bearing a crow which cawed as it fluttered its wings, dislodging a feather.
A young woman with pale, pink eyes strode forwards. She wore a purple, professionally-tailored hat, narrower and sloped, to prevent it leaving her head at speed. She carried a broom on one shoulder, and her steps were light.
Next to her strode a giant of a woman, nearly as tall as Durene and with arms heavy with muscle. Her smile like sunshine, warm and glowing, but with harsh brilliance hidden beneath. Her hat was brown and worn, a travelling companion. Stained with dark liquid in places.
And in the middle of them, the woman who did not belong. Who made the shadows twitch. Her hat was wide, blue as the depths of the ocean, so unfathomably dark as to be close to black, and old as she was. Her face was expressionless, but her eyes never left Wiskeria’s.
Seven of them. They walked down the street, small and tall, old and young, smiling and silent. Shoulder-to-shoulder.  And their pointed hats marked them.
Witches.
They stopped in the street, ignoring the folk of Riverfarm, Rie, Prost, even Durene. It was Wiskeria who they looked at. And each [Witch] stepped forwards, one after another from…youngest to oldest? The girl was first.
Nanette. She trembled, aware of the eyes on her as she raised her hat and bowed at the same time.
“W-witch Wiskeria? I tip my hat to thee.”
Alevica winked, and simply raised her hat an inch, grinning with amusement at Wiskeria.
“Heya Wis, I tip my hat to you.”
Next, Miss Califor, whose delivery was as smooth and precise as Nanette’s had been stuttering.
“Witch Wiskeria, I tip my hat to thee.”
After her, Hedag. The woman boomed as she swept her hat off, revealing her hair.
“Young Wiskeria! I tip my hat.”
Eloise was next. The old woman bowed as she tipped her hat, her voice kind.
“Wiskeria, a pleasure. I tip my hat to you, child.”
Second-last was Mavika. And her gaze was familiar, and she raised her hat silently, dislodging the crow.
“Wiskeria, to thee my hat I tip.”
Then it was Belavierr’s turn. She stepped forwards and all but Wiskeria stepped back. Her face was expressionless. It had not changed one whit this entire time, not in greeting the others, or before. But Ryoka, panting, standing next to Charlay in the back, saw something happen as Belavierr raised her hat. Her features changed ever so slightly. She—smiled.
“Daughter, I tip my hat to thee.”
Ryoka thought it was a smile. It was awkward on her face, and gone in a flash. But she had seen it. So had Wiskeria. The [Witch] faced the seven as Belavierr stepped back. And she hesitated. Her hand rose to her hat. Then it stopped.
“What are you all doing here?”
The [Witches] paused. Mavika frowned darkly and Eloise looked rueful. Hedag just shook her head. Miss Califor’s disapproval was written on hers. Nanette looked terrified. Alevica just grinned wider. Wiskeria looked from face to face. Belavierr’s was the last she focused on.
“This is not your ground, mother. And this isn’t your coven! This is my land! I refused to join my coven! Mavika! Why are you here? To drag me to my coven? Let alone Witch Eloise and Hedag! How far did you come?”
She stared at the two women on her left. Hedag laughed.
“Far enough that I should have brought a horse!”
Eloise just smiled and shook her head.
“We came by invitation, Wiskeria.”
