6.37 E
Page 16
The woman blinked at ‘his Majesty’ and frowned, but only slightly. She turned to look at Beniar, who gave her a charming grin.
“Pleasure to be of service, Miss.”
“Hm. Yes, thank you. It was an adequately quick response. Better than many estates might manage. But it was a poor thing that these [Riders] were needed to begin with, wouldn’t you agree?”
Her reply took the wind right out of Beniar’s sails. Rie blinked, but the woman was addressing her next.
“You may call me Califor. Lady Rie, is it? Where can I find your [Emperor]?”
Affronted, Rie frowned at Miss Califor.
“What? Emperor Godart is absent. And if he was here—if you have business in Riverfarm, I suggest you present it to me. May I ask who your companions are?”
Instead of being embarrassed at the rebuke, Miss Califor only raised her eyebrow and put her hands on her hips.
“If my business should involve you, I will let you know of it. This is Nanette, my student. And this is Alevica.”
“Nice to meet you!”
The young woman next to Califor waved a lazy hand. She looked friendly, but she was far too informal! The girl named Nanette started, stared at Lady Rie with proper awe, and began to curtsey. Right up until Miss Califor stopped her with one hand.
“Don’t bother, Nanette. Save it for Mavika.”
The tone and casual dismissal of Lady Rie was managing to reverse all the goodwill and calm of her encounter with Eloise. Rie’s eyes flashed and she drew herself up, glaring at Califor as Beniar sneaked past Geram.
“Excuse me, Miss Califor. I remind you that I am a [Lady] and you are in my presence.”
“So you’ve informed me. And this means I should change myself to suit you how, exactly?”
Miss Califor looked flatly at Rie. And the [Lady] was so stunned that she couldn’t reply for a moment. So the woman walked past her without a second word and flapped a hand at the girl.
“Come along, Nanette. Let’s find a place for the horses and the others. There are at least two more here. One yet to come.”
“What? How dare—come back here!”
Rie spluttered as the two walked past her with the horses, but even Nanette didn’t turn, but hurried after Miss Califor. She stared at their backs until the last of the new arrivals, the young woman named Alevica, coughed.
“Hey, is there a pub around here? Or a Runner’s Guild?”
Rie, Geram, and Beniar stared at her. Alevica looked around, her smile not bothering at all to hide her amusement.
“No? I’ll be on my way then. See you in a bit.”
“Hold on.”
At last, Rie caught herself and looked at Geram. The man moved to block Alevica’s path and the young woman stopped. Not warily, just with a frown. And her pale pink eyes narrowed as they flicked from Geram to Rie.
“Something you want?”
“Just introductions. Did Beniar say you flew into Riverfarm? You wouldn’t happen to be Alevica, the Witch Runner?”
Beniar started at the name. Alevica just grimaced.
“I prefer, ‘the only damn Runner who can fly north of Pallass.’ But sure. That’s me. I warned your militia here that there were [Bandits] attacking Miss Califor and her apprentice. No need to thank me.”
With that, she began to walk around Geram. He tried to block her a second time, but when Alevica paused, she put a hand on a knife in her belt.
“I don’t appreciate being stopped, bald man.”
Rie paused. She’d heard about Alevica, and she dearly wished she was near a city where she could pay for information about her to refresh her memory. Geram looked down warily at Alevica and stepped back after glancing at Rie for confirmation. The [Lady] chose her words carefully.
