6.37 E
Page 18
“No! I knew him! He can’t have—it was a lie. It cannot be true! Cannot! It was murder all the same!”
“What we saw—”
A man began, and then there was silence. A child started screaming. Someone had to sit down, shaking. Rie realized that no one was going to make sense in the hubbub. She looked at Geram.
“I need Prost. Clear me a path. Please! Let me through!”
Geram nodded and with Rie’s calling, he forced a path through the crowd of people all rushing away from the square. Rie stepped quickly, ignoring the people trying to get her attention.
To her relief, she found Prost at the back of the crowd, shouting and restoring order. The man had a grim look in his eyes, but he wasn’t harmed either. He was shouting at the crowd, ordering them not to shove—he turned as Rie rushed towards him.
“Prost! What happened?”
The [Steward] turned to Lady Rie, and he paused. His face was pale, sweaty, but not nearly as bad as the city folk, some of whom looked like they were close to fainting.
“Elmmet’s dead, Rie.”
“How?”
Prost inhaled slowly, grimacing. Rie stared at him, her heart beating wildly, but the [Steward] was slow to reply. Prost spoke quietly, half-turning back towards the square.
“It was a woman. Hedag the [Executioner]. She appeared in the trial when Beatica and Elmmet were stirring up trouble, claiming the truth stone was false. She—she used a Skill. Revealed Elmmet’s crimes. Then she cut off his head.”
“She murdered him?”
Rie was horrified. The [Steward] shook his head.
“That wasn’t murder. That was justice.”
He spat twice to get rid of the taste in his mouth. Rie stared at him uncomprehendingly. Her eyes shifted to the blood on Prost’s pant leg, and then past him towards the square. She couldn’t see the body, which was just as well; Prost knew the axe flashing down would haunt his dreams for weeks to come.
“Tell me what happened. From the start.”
Prost nodded. He and Rie turned, and with Geram’s help, they managed to calm the crowd, who really had just wanted to get away from the grisly sight. Everyone was shocked, and the children? Sick or incoherent with panic.
Again, it was the difference between city folk and villagers; the children who’d seen a butchering or lived on a farm had seen that kind of blood. Just not on a Human body.
“An [Executioner]? They’re exceptionally rare! Even most cities prefer to hire someone to do it. It hardly requires someone for that one job! And she just turned up? You’re sure she wasn’t planted by Beatica?”
Prost shook his head.
“She most definitely was not. And her Skill—”
“You’re sure it revealed Elmmet’s crimes?”
“I saw the shadow-him doing all of it. It was him. I’m certain. And even Beatica would say it was the truth. What that man did deserved the axe. It was just that Hedag did it then and there, after the hand.”
The [Steward] was shaking as he remembered what he had seen. Rie stared at him, uncomprehending.
“Where is she now? Did you arrest her?”
“Arrest her? For what?”
“Killing a man in—”
The [Lady] had to stop and take a breath. Prost was clearly shaken himself. He shook his head.
“The crowd bolted and I had to keep them from trampling each other. I’ve no idea where she is. I think she might be in the square still.”
“In that case, we need to arrest her.”
“For what? Show me a man or woman there who’ll say it was wrong. His wife won’t. His daughter?”
Prost spat again.
“If Hedag hadn’t done it, he wouldn’t have left that square alive after what I saw.”
