6.37 E
Page 22
At last, Ryoka jerked. She stared at the woman, and the question snapped her out of her paralysis. Uncertainly, she lowered her hands. She let go of neither weapon, though. The woman was asking—? She stared past the woman at the dead people on the road.
“The bodies—”
The woman blinked slowly. Then her head turned. Ryoka saw her hair was black. She regarded the bodies as if she’d forgotten they existed. She turned back and nodded.
“They died where I found them. Recently, I think.”
Her tone was completely disinterested. As if the dead were leaves or branches. Ryoka stared up at the woman. She nodded.
“You just got here?”
“Yes. I am seeking Riverfarm. Do you know where it lies?”
The woman looked at Ryoka. The City Runner hesitated.
“It’s behind you. Down the road.”
The woman’s head turned again. She regarded the village in the distance.
“I see. It was not here the last time I visited.”
That was all she said. There was no embarrassment, no pointing out it was in plain view. The woman turned to Ryoka.
“I thank you for your help, City Runner. I must continue my journey. I am late. A fair morning to you. A pleasure to meet someone on the road.”
Normal words. But those eyes. The feeling in her bones—Ryoka shuddered. The woman was just staring at her after saying her goodbyes. And Ryoka was sure she was something beyond just Human. Something like—Az’kerash?
Part of her wanted to run. But the rest had to ask. Ryoka took a shaky breath.
“I—uh—no problem. I’m—my name is—Ryoka Griffin. What’s yours?”
She wondered if that was a mistake. But the woman didn’t react to Ryoka’s name. She just waited and then replied.
“I am called Belavierr.”
“Nice to meet you.”
A pause.
“A fair day’s greetings, yes.”
The two regarded each other. Ryoka warily, Belavierr as if…Ryoka was a perplexing obstacle. She didn’t seem to need to blink except when she chose. Ryoka took another breath.
“I uh—you have business in Riverfarm? Would you like to travel together, Mis—Belavierr?”
“I do not believe that would be wise. My mount does not tolerate strangers.”
“Mount?”
Ryoka stared at Belavierr. The woman nodded once.
“I rode here of course.”
She turned and gestured. Only then did Ryoka notice the horse. It was standing in the forest, pawing the ground and snorting quietly. It was a giant of an animal. Ryoka stared. How had she missed it? Belavierr turned and walked towards it. The animal had no saddle, but she hoisted herself up without missing a beat.
The stallion was black and huge, a beast of an animal that could put a warhorse to shame for sheer size. But the woman was tall enough herself and with that hat, she cut a dramatic figure riding on it.
“I thank you for your help, City Runner.”
Belavierr looked flatly at Ryoka and repeated the line word for word, without emotion or inflection. So saying, she turned, and the horse began to walk ahead, down the road towards Riverfarm. Ryoka thought that was it. But the woman remained turned in her seat.
Staring at Ryoka. Her ringed eyes never left Ryoka’s face. And the young woman was held by the gaze. The horse walked forwards, but Belavierr kept staring. For a minute, three, seven—until she was a distant shape heading towards Riverfarm. Only then, far, far in the distance, did she turn.
Ryoka felt the moment the woman’s eyes left her. She shuddered, and only then did the wind return, blowing against her back. She heard a buzzing sound, dodged backwards reflexively, and saw a large insect with too many legs flying towards the bodies. She smelled the scent of iron in the air, and death. Ryoka gagged, and then stared down the road.
