6.37 E
Page 7
She also had a presence, different from Prost or Beatica’s. She stepped forwards, and Prost only now realized she carried an axe. Was she a new arrival? One of the [Woodcutters]?
No. The woman gestured around at the crowd, and her voice reached every ear. There was no Skill in it, just volume.
“I see a lot of bother over a simple matter! You say this man’s a [Thief]? You want to know what crime he deserves? Well, I say, call on a [Guardsman]! Or failing that, call on me! I’ve seen the bad sort and good long enough. And I’ve a Skill to put all answers to rest.”
So saying, she strode forwards. Beatica opened her mouth, but Prost beat her to it.
“This trial needs to be just. If you have a Skill, can you swear it’ll bring justice? And who are you, Miss?”
The huge woman smiled down at Prost. She adjusted her hat and the axe propped carefully on one shoulder. It was iron, huge, and nicked, not exactly a woodcutter’s axe. She grabbed Prost’s arm and raised it for all to see.
“They call me Hedag, Mister [Steward]! And I solve problems of this sort! You can rest assured; my Skill only reveals the truth of criminals.”
The stone turned blue as she held it up. Incredibly, it didn’t flicker red once, even with an unintentional lie. Miss Hedag let go of Prost; he stared at her. She had a grip like Helm’s!
“What say you, Steward? Shall I use it? We’ll see this man’s crimes, right enough. If he’s innocent, he’s little to fear. Then again, I’ve yet to meet an innocent man!”
She pointed down at Elmmet, who’d broken into a colder sweat than before. The crowd murmured. Hedag’s words had persuaded them. Beatica broke in nervously.
“Hold on, Steward Prost. You’re not seriously considering letting an outsider—”
“Shut up!”
Helm shouted in Beatica’s ear, silencing and deafening her. He stared past her, at Hedag. And his eyes narrowed.
“Hedag. I’ve heard the name.”
So had Prost, but he couldn’t recall it for some reason. It was an old name, or one he’d heard…he realized the woman was looking at him and came to a quick decision.
“If you’ll show us the truth, I see no reason to object, Miss Hedag. But you have to understand, we must see the truth of it for ourselves.”
“A right answer! That’s the way we’ve always done it, in villages and lonely places! We have to see to believe! And so the truth you’ll see! All will see!”
Hedag laughed merrily. Without further ado, she reached out and grasped Elmmet’s head in the stocks. The man shouted, but Hedag held him for only a second. She bellowed across the crowd.
“[Revelation of Sin]!”
And then she pulled something out of Elmmet. Prost recoiled as Hedag yanked out something black, a shadowy thing, and hurled it on the ground. The crowd leapt back uncertainly, but Hedag just stepped back.
“What did you—”
“Watch.”
Hedag’s one word caught Prost’s eye and turned them on the shadow. Everyone stared as, slowly, the black thing she’d pulled out of Elmmet rose upwards. A black mass rose, and formed…into a man. Elmmet. Prost stared at the man in the stocks, and then at the shadow.
It had no contrast. It was one color. But the shadow was, unmistakably, undeniably, Elmmet. You could see his face, even his smirking expression. The shadow turned, and with a careless jaunt, strolled ahead.
Prost stared. Another shadow appeared, and Prost saw a woman standing with her back to Elmmet. Real—he could see the lines in her face as she turned—and yet a shadow. The shadow-Elmmet strolled up to her and without hesitation, reached out and plucked the money pouch from her hip. Then he strolled past her, smiling, without a care in the world.
