6.37 E
Page 25
“Whose? Not mine! Did the coven invite you? Why is only Mavika here? She attacked a member of Riverfarm! And Hedag—! Where’s Thallisa? Why would she allow this?”
Wiskeria turned red. She raised her voice to the point of shouting, glaring at each [Witch] in turn. Eloise exchanged a glance with Mavika, and the bird-[Witch]’s expression was dark. It was Miss Califor who tsked, looking annoyed.
“Mind your tongue, Witch Wiskeria. We have travelled far and at inconvenience to be here. I would have expected a proper greeting from you. But if you insist—Witch Thallisa will not be coming. Nor will any of your coven save Mavika. That is half of why we are here.”
“What? Why?”
For answer, all the [Witches] present looked to Belavierr. And Alevica’s grin faded. Hedag lowered the axe on her shoulder to the ground and leaned on it. Eloise lowered her hat’s brim.
And Belavierr? She lifted something up. She had not been holding it a second before, but now her hands were full. And what she held was a hat.
It was pointed. Green, forest green. A smaller hat than the one she wore, classically pointed, tied with a yellow ribbon around the base. Wiskeria’s eyes widened when she saw it.
“That’s—Mamie’s—”
She looked up, her face suddenly pale. Belavierr met her daughter’s eyes. Slowly, she turned the hat. And Wiskeria saw the hole around the brim of the hat. The faded, dried blood.
The street was still. Ryoka, staring at the hat in Belavierr’s hands, understood what it meant. Everyone did. A [Witch]’s hat. Wiskeria took it as her mother offered it to her, her hands shaking. She stared at the hole, and then at Mavika.
“How—why wasn’t I told? When did it happen? Who did this?”
Her voice broke on the last words. The bird-[Witch] didn’t reply. Slowly, Mavika looked up. And a crow swooped down. And dropped something into her hands.
The second hat fell slowly. And it was small. A red hat, for a smaller head than an adult would have. Red, fancy. Torn across the tip twice. Mavika caught it and held it out. Wiskeria stared at it, face now completely bloodless.
“Tillica?”
She jerked as Hedag, reached to the pack she carried and brought something out. A yellow hat, or at least, it had been, stained by many years and time. And at the end, blood. By her side, Alevica reached into her bag of holding and brought out another hat. Eloise, Califor, even Nanette, her hands shaking. And it wasn’t just one. Belavierr lifted a second hat. And then a third. She placed them on the ground; Wiskeria was frozen.
Hat after hat. Pointed, rounded, old and new. Twenty of them in the end. They sat on the ground, torn, broken, bloody. Some were in pieces, barely recognizable. Others could have been store-bought. Ryoka stared at the line of hats, neatly lined up. And her skin crawled.
“What happened?”
Wiskeria’s lips were bloodless. Mavika was the one she turned to first, and then, slowly, to Belavierr. Her mother’s face hadn’t changed as the hats were placed on the ground, and hers had been the only one. Alevica had bitten her lip hard enough to draw blood, and Califor had drawn a shaking Nanette to her. The other [Witches] waited as Belavierr spoke.
“A fortnight past, the Marshlands Coven was called upon by strangers. Without Witch Mavika, Witch Thallisa, and Witch Wiskeria they met and were made an offer. They refused. And they died. Witch Mavika found those responsible and delivered vengeance on those who bloodied their blades. Not the ones who made the offer. That is not the business we are here for today, daughter.”
