6.37 E
Page 5
“Mister Prost, I have to object on my Councilman’s behalf. Can we be sure that this truth stone is really as valid as you claim? Is there no possibility that Elmmet was wrongly accused?”
A polite voice called out behind Prost. The former-[Farmer] gritted his teeth as he turned. If he could, he would have thrown the smiling woman addressing him into the stocks next to Elmmet.
“Councilwoman Beatica. This truth stone is accurate. Or are you claiming that this is all a conspiracy, as Mister Elmmet says? I warn you, that is a lie I will not have repeated. Beniar has sworn on a truth stone his account is accurate, and his report is backed up by Durene, the Darksky Riders, and a dozen other witnesses. Are you suggesting everyone who claims to have seen Master Elmmet is lying?”
If she was, she was claiming there was no real authority that could be trusted in Riverfarm except her own. Prost held the woman’s gaze and saw Beatica hesitate. She smiled and spread her arms, turning to address the crowd of city folk behind her. Not the villagers.
“Of course not! I believe everyone present saw exactly what they claimed. But magic—Skills—they can fake a man’s face, can’t they? What if the [Thief] used his [Master of Faces] Skill to impersonate Elmmet? Mister Prost, can we be certain beyond any shadow of doubt that this is our [Thief] and not a wrongly accused man?”
The Lancrel crowd nodded. And Prost stared at Beatica’s smile, and then noticed the flickering truth stone in his hand. And he realized that if he answered her, the stone might turn red.
“No one can be certain of anything, Councilwoman. Which is why your question has no answer.”
Beatica’s lips pursed for a second and Prost sensed her disappointment in not luring him into her trap. She kept going, though. She probably didn’t even care for Elmmet, Prost suspected, but if the damn [Thief] was found guilty, it would throw her authority into question. Beatica spoke like a [Town Crier], and with the eloquence of a [Bard], gently persuading those undecided in the crowd.
“But doesn’t that mean that the same logic applies to Councilman Elmmet’s situation? If we cannot be certain of his guilt—”
“Are you mad, woman?”
A barking voice interrupted Beatica at last. Prost had been trying, but the woman’s [Uninterrupted Monologue] Skill had been silencing him. Not Mister Helm, though. The [Blacksmith] roared behind Beatica, slamming one fist into his palm.
“Don’t you dare try to spin it like that bastard’s innocent! He’s been weaseling out of an honest reply and there’s only one answer to why that is! Why deliberate? Why bother to ask? He’s only told lies—but me and everyone else saw him stealing with my own two eyes! We saw him get nabbed, and there wasn’t any conspiracy or someone switching faces! Isn’t that good enough? If you want the truth, use that stone on me!”
He pointed at Prost’s stone, which had stayed mostly blue during Helm’s speech. The crowd murmured agreement and Beatica’s eyes flashed. But that damn smile—
“Mister Helm, I realize you’re upset, but eyes can be tricked—”
“Shut up!”
The [Blacksmith] bellowed straight at Beatica. The [Councilwoman] froze, unprepared for that. Prost grinned. She might be a [Politician], but she wasn’t used to someone like Helm, who was used to saying what needed saying over the roar of a forge. The man strode forwards, pointing a finger.
