6.37 E
Page 17
“That is Geram. My bodyguard. I apologize for his insistence, but I would greatly like to speak with you, Miss Alevica.”
Laken could use a good Runner, even one with her reputation. But Alevica just grinned.
“I’m sure. But you have to wait. Don’t worry, we’ll see each other. Soon, I think.”
Her eyes flicked down the way Califor had gone, and then she turned her head over her shoulder. Rie stared. Alevica turned back to look at her, and then nodded.
“See ya.”
She strolled off past Geram. The [Fist Fighter] hesitated and walked over to Rie.
“Lady Rie, should I stop…?”
“No. No, let her go.”
Rie quietly fumed as she watched Alevica strolling down the street, a hand in one pocket, scratching at windblown hair. Now she understood some of the tales about Alevica. The Witch Runner indeed. And that Califor! Rie turned balefully to Beniar, but he was already back with his Darksky Riders, regaling the crowd with exploits of what had just happened.
“I’m rather peeved at the moment, Geram. But I think I’d better find Prost and make sure the trial is going well.”
After a moment, Rie decided that was her only course of action. Geram nodded, and Rie swept down the street. Just in time to hear the screaming begin. She paused, stared down the street towards the public square and stocks, and broke into a run. Behind her, Geram swore and pounded past her.
“Lady Valerund! Let me—”
He shouted, but Rie didn’t stop. If something had gone wrong, if a riot had broken out, they’d need Beniar and his [Riders]. What had happened? Had Elmmet tricked the truth stone somehow? That shouldn’t be possible at his level. Or had that Beatica managed to stir up the crowd—
A rush of people came down the street, mainly Lancrel’s people but villagers and townsfolk as well. Most of the ones in front were women, mothers, holding white-faced children. But families, single men, townsfolk, all of them were pouring away from the square in a rush. Rie halted, and Geram moved to block the crowd.
“Stop! What is going on?”
Rie shouted at the crowd, but she didn’t have a Skill to halt a crowd. And she hadn’t learned an aura Skill. She had other Skills, but for situations like this, all she had was her presence. And it wasn’t enough to halt the crush of people fighting to get away from—something.
Geram was, though. The big man halted those closest to him with his body alone, and when they noticed Rie through their panic, she was instantly surrounded by frightened people, screaming children.
“What is going on? Is someone hurt?”
Rie looked around, bewildered. There weren’t any marks of violence, but then a woman from Lancrel screamed out.
“He’s dead! Master Elmmet’s dead!”
Rie’s blood froze. Elmmet? Dead? Prost hadn’t lost his temper, had he? Or—what if he’d been lynched? But the crowd would have turned. These ones just looked horrified.
“How? What happened?”
“She just murdered a man in the street! Cut off his head just like that! With children to see!”
A man shouted his face white. Rie recoiled. A public execution? She hadn’t ever seen one. But—
“Who? A woman? Not Prost?”
The crowd nodded. One of them pointed shakily.
“She called herself Hedag! And she had an axe! And she used a Skill—”
“It wasn’t real. It couldn’t be real.”
One of the women who looked like she was from Lancrel murmured through pale lips. Another man just shook his head. He looked like he’d been sick.
“It was real. Dead gods, but it was. He deserved a hundred times worse.”
Many of the people nodded. But the woman shook her head repeatedly, and her eyes were wide, wild.
