6.37 E
Page 0

Day 56 – Beniar
 
This was how they came. A woman and a girl rode down towards the village in the distance. The woman was tall, thin, and her hat and dress were black. Properly so. Not midnight black or as black as sin, just black. She rode a horse. It wasn’t a racer, or a brilliant stallion. It was in fact, a mare, and perfect for travel. Her voice was slightly snappish, but efficiently so.
“Keep up, Nanette. And sit properly; you’re riding the horse, not letting it bear you to market. Don’t make a poor impression. First ones are the only ones you get.”
“Yes, Miss Califor.”
The meek response didn’t suit the woman. She glanced to one side and eyed her companion.
“Remember your manners. It goes without saying that this is important business, or else we would not be here. Some of the others will expect proper courtesy.”
“I know, Miss Califor. I’ll do my best not to embarrass you.”
The woman pursed her lips.
“Embarrassment lasts as long as I care to remember it, Nanette. That isn’t what you should be concerned about. Some of the others are older. Which means proper courtesy is required. Eloise would consider it mannerly. And the others would be offended without.”
“L-like who?”
The chatter in the young voice made the woman named Califor pause. The fear wasn’t born of nothing, nor was the seriousness with which she gave the matter thought. Her mare plodded forwards as the woman thought, then nodded to herself and replied sharply.
“Mavika, above all others. The rest wouldn’t stand on it, but Mavika would. Mavika and…be polite to her, Nanette.”
The girl nodded rapidly and her pony, snorting, decided its rider wasn’t in control. It stopped to nibble at a weed growing by the road. Miss Califor, noticing the pause, glared at the pony. The pony looked up, noticed the glare, and quickly trotted forwards so the two were side-by-side again. The girl blushed and gripped the reins more tightly; Miss Califor just sighed again.
“Don’t be worried, Nanette. You are accompanying me. Just remember your manners.”
She waited for the nod from the girl at her side. And the slight smile the older woman gave reassured the girl. If she minded her manners, all would be well. That was all Nanette had to do; and all Miss Califor had to do was be…Miss Califor.
So the two rode. The landscape was lush, fed on rainwater, and full of growth. Wild grass and wheat escaped from farms bordered by forestland not yet cleared by Humans. The woman and girl watched as they rode, seeing how far some of the tree lines stretched. You could still find places like this out here. Riverfarm was rural, but there were parts of the continent yet desolate, where Humans—or people of any kind—had yet to leave any memory of their passing.
The woman’s back was straight, her posture correct. The girl tried to emulate her, but she was young. The girl also had a hat. But it was dark blue, fresh while the woman’s was worn. And she was timid where the woman was—not so much bold, but decisive. She decided what was done, and that was that.
It was thus something of a surprise when the [Bandits] poured out of a forest not fifteen miles from Riverfarm and surrounded the two. They were a rough lot, desperados as hungry as they were greedy. Their leader had an axe and a large horse and he pointed it at the two, bellowing as they stopped at the unexpected hitch near the end of their journey.
“Don’t move! You move and you’re dead! Get out your coin and jewelry! Now!”
