6.37 E
Page 21
Her missing fingers ached. Slowly, carefully, Ryoka let go of her belt knife and reached for something in her bag of holding. Her fingers came out holding a caltrop. Pure, cold iron. Ryoka tossed it to her other hand and reached back into her bag of holding. She came out with a cross, the tip sharpened like a stake.
It didn’t make her feel better. Something was out there, and Ryoka felt terribly, terribly cold. Too late, she remembered the run on the winter solstice. Not when she’d come to Riverfarm, but when she’d left it.
She had been in a forest then. Ryoka’s head slowly turned. The dead faces lying amongst the trees stared at her. She backed away, her heart pounding. She shouldn’t have come here. It was a trap.
Ryoka turned to run. And then she saw her. She was standing on the road in front of Ryoka, not a dozen paces away. She was so obvious that Ryoka didn’t know how she had missed her.
A tall woman straightened from one of the bodies. She wore dark clothing. Blue, no, black. Long and draping, a robe with ornamentation. But black colors upon darkness. Her hair was long. And her hat was wide enough to cast her entire body into shade. Its wide brim was ungainly but for how she wore it. And it was pointed.
The woman turned and Ryoka took a step back. Her hands were shaking. This was no specter or dream. This woman was real. But Ryoka felt it. The same feeling she sometimes got from Ivolethe. The feeling of the solstice. From Teriarch. Her fingers hurt.
The woman had seen her. She walked beneath the shade, abandoning the stain of red. Her stride was slow, unhurried. As she approached, Ryoka saw her face beneath the hat.
There was no expression on the woman’s face. Neither surprise, nor curiosity. Nor anger, not sadness. Just a blank stare. And her eyes—her eyes! Ryoka stared into them. They weren’t a normal person’s eyes.
The woman’s pupils were all wrong. She had not one, but multiple irises, each one smaller and smaller, disappearing into the center of her eyes. And in each iris, the color of her eyes was orange. A pumpkin’s color, the color of fire, carrots. Tiger’s stripes, rust. Black rings, dividing her eyes into ever-smaller irises.
Orange, glowing beneath the hat with more light than the sun had to offer.
Ryoka felt her breath coming in quick bursts. The caltrop was digging into her hand, the points drawing blood. The stake was slippery in her other hand. The woman stopped in front of her, and Ryoka realized she was taller than her. Not thin, not wide. But she seemed to block out the sun. She stared down at Ryoka. And then she inclined her head.
“Hello. A good day to you, City Runner.”
Her voice was deep. Quiet. And they had a reverberation, a subtle echo to them. But the words were normal. Ryoka started. She felt sweat running down her back. The woman stared down at her. After a moment, she looked up and gestured at the sky. She wore black gloves. No—black wrappings, a thin cloth wrapped around each finger and hand. Only the skin on her face was visible. The woman went on, staring up at the sky.
“A good day to travel upon any road. Dry. Although it should be raining. Thundering. But the skies are clear. It bodes ill.”
She looked down at Ryoka. Her tone was trying to be conversational. But there was nothing normal about her. Behind her, the bodies lay in death. The shadows seemed to slowly be moving. The woman stared at Ryoka. She glanced once at the caltrop and stake-cross. And then at Ryoka’s face as if they didn’t exist.
“I appear to be lost. May I ask directions? I seek Riverfarm.”
