6.37 E
Page 4
Elmmet shouted at the crowd of people who’d gathered around the stocks to listen to the trial. At his words there was a chorus of boos and shouts of outrage, but the people of Lancrel shouted at the villagers and non-Lancrel folk. Prost stared down at Elmmet and tried to contain his temper. The man in the stocks had the gall to return his look with an outraged one of his own.
“I don’t have time for lies, Master Elmmet. I’m only asking you one question. With all to see. Are you the [Thief] who’s been stealing from Riverfarm all this time?”
“I’d love to give you a straight answer, but I’m afraid to be denounced by that false truth stone you’re holding.”
The man sneered back, and with one hand he pointed at the white quartz in Prost’s hand. The [Steward] grimaced as the stone flickered, from red to blue too rapidly for anyone to see. It was a truth stone, but a cheap one. And it had two settings: red for false, blue for truth. The problem was getting Master Elmmet to speak something that wasn’t a half-lie. If he didn’t say anything that could be a ‘yes or no answer’, the truth stone wouldn’t work entirely properly, and both he and Prost knew it.
“This is a genuine truth stone, Mister Elmmet. Anyone who wants can test it out and we have.”
“Such things can be faked! People of Lancrel, listen to me! I was framed! Do I look like a young man, or the woman that people were calling a [Thief] in the street? I was set up as I pursued that very [Thief], and Mister Prost—along with his hired adventurers—decided to frame me!”
Elmmet protested, wide-eyed and innocent to the crowd. Even Prost had to admit, he didn’t look like either description. Elmmet had white hair, and he was hardly spry. But Prost knew Beniar was telling the truth.
“Any [Thief] can gain a Skill which allows him to change his face. Apparently, there’s one called [Master of Faces]. Do you have that Skill?”
The stone flickered from red to mostly blue as Prost held it closer to Elmmet. The man was sweating, for all his bravado. He licked his lips and replied hoarsely.
“If I were to answer, I believe the stone would lie.”
Red, and then a flicker of blue. The stone couldn’t process the statement. Elmmet sighed and Prost ground his teeth. he raised his voice, speaking to the crowd.
“You see your man, Elmmet. He refuses to answer one question! Is he the [Thief]? He could free himself from the stocks this moment if he answered. If he continues to refuse, I will find him guilty for the dozens of thefts that have plagued Riverfarm. All of them.”
Lancrel’s folk stared back uncertainty. Many looked at Elmmet with distrust, and Prost was relieved to see some were clear thinkers. But too many listened to the [Thief] as he hoarsely shouted.
“Don’t believe this man! This is a conspiracy! He can control the truth stone! I demand a proper trial! An impartial judge!”
“I am the [Steward] of Riverfarm. This is your one trial, Elmmet!”
Prost lost his temper and bellowed at the man. The [Thief] flinched, but he still had that desperate confidence in his eyes. As if he thought he was really going to get out of this. Prost had already decided he was not. No matter what anyone said—if Prost couldn’t get the man to admit his crimes, it didn’t matter. He was a [Thief] and Prost would make sure he was jailed. Laken could deal with him. Prost was sure driving out Elmmet would just see him reappear as the [Thief] and cause more trouble, and as for anything else—
