6.37 E
Page 1
The woman looked affronted; the girl squeaked in horror, and scrabbled for a wand at her side. She’d just managed to raise it when the woman slapped her arm down.
“Don’t point your wand if you don’t intend to use it, Nanette.”
“Smart.”
The [Bandit Leader] growled. He’d tensed with the others when the wand came out, never mind that it was held by a girl. He held out one hand.
“Let’s make this quick, alright? Hand over your money pouches and don’t delay! And off the horses or you’ll be two corpses.”
He might have actually been more civilized compared to the [Bandits] whom Ryoka had seen killing travellers outright on the road. Then again, the close proximity to Riverfarm and the now-infamous Darksky Riders had the [Bandits] sweating. But there was money to be made if you were quick! They spread out around the woman and girl.
The older woman with the black hat pursed her lips, looking more annoyed than anything. She glanced around at the group of armed men and women, then up for a second, and her frown intensified. The others watched her warily but confidently; she might be a [Mage], but they had the drop on her and if she so much as twitched her hands or uttered the beginning of a spell, they’d cut her to pieces. They’d killed [Mages] before.
Slowly, Miss Califor got off her horse and shoved past a rough man with a sword. He blinked and the [Bandit Leader] looked down at her as she stood on his left. The woman turned her head and called at her ward.
“Don’t get off that horse Nanette. This doesn’t require any great spell. Just consideration. Now, you. Just what do you think you’re doing? I advise you to leave us be.”
So saying, she pointed a finger up at the [Bandit Leader]. He blinked at the tone in the woman’s voice.
“What? Give us the money old woman or die. One second. Otherwise I swing.”
The woman folded her arms and adjusted her hat, not looking impressed. One of the [Bandits], looking to his right at her, was impressed. She wasn’t flinching and the axe was ready to fall. He shuffled left and the woman did likewise.
“Don’t move!”
The [Bandit Leader] looked left. The group tensed—was this woman about to fight? You never knew—but the woman just shook her head.
“I don’t intend to fight, and I don’t intend to be robbed. Move your horse, young man, or you will suffer the consequences.”
This didn’t gel with the [Bandit Leader]’s disposition at all. He raised his axe and the [Bandits] tensed. The woman surely saw the imminent death as he growled at her.
“You want to die? Money and horse. The girl too. Or I’ll cut you down and take it myself. Think I won’t?”
Miss Califor sighed. She looked up at the [Bandit Leader] and shook her head.
“I think you will. More’s the pity. If you must swing, boy, swing hard. Or else—”
The axe buried itself in her skull. She jerked and the [Bandit Leader] roared as he yanked the bloody axe blade away. It came up, dripping with blood and brains. He roared at the [Bandits] on his right.
“Fucking woman! Get the girl—”
And then he paused. And the [Bandits] stared in horror. Because it wasn’t an old woman’s body lying on the ground, her head and hat cleaved in two. It was one of their own. The [Bandit] the woman had bumped into, who’d been on the [Bandit Leader]’s left—
Silently, the big man with the axe stared at the corpse. A woman with a bow lowered it, looking in horror at her leader.
“Jek! You killed Tobil!”
“I didn’t mean—I was aiming at the woman!”
“She was on your right! You were looking right at her! But you swung at Tobil!”
“No! I—”
