6.37 E
Page 19
“That’s not the point. People are panicking, and rumors will spread. Beatica will twist this, no matter what the people there saw. There must be a proper inquiry, and an announcement—Geram, find Beniar.”
“I can arrest this woman myself.”
The [Fist Fighter] looked back down the street. Rie shook her head.
“Absolutely not. She has an axe; get Beniar and some of his [Riders] to back you up. Bring her to—to the throne room. And then we’ll call an assembly of everyone we can and—”
She was fumbling, looking around, trying to figure out what they’d do exactly when the second shriek split the air. Prost’s head jerked up. He and Rie looked at each other. This time neither one wasted time asking questions. They just ran in the direction of the sound.
This was how they gathered. Staring at the cauldron of ruined soup on the ground. With a murder of crows spiraling in the air. With a woman, Rehanna, lying on the ground, clutching her ruined hand as Nesor tried to heal her. Rie and Prost burst out of the crowd, which had doubled in size and took in the moment at once. They looked at Durene, Wiskeria, Rehanna, and then up.
A…woman perched on the neatly thatched roof of the house. She had to be a woman. She had the right figure. The correct face, thin and angular, but still with its own beauty. And dark skin.
She perched like a raven. Or one of the crows circling the street overhead. And she just smiled as she looked down at Rehanna. The woman was screaming and clutching at her hand. Lady Rie looked at the bleeding, charred mess of her hand and then at the doorknob with blackened flesh hanging on the knob. Her stomach turned, but she kept control of it.
“It was a curse! She did it!”
One of the women pointed unsteadily up at the woman on the roof. The crowd, already uneasy, turned to panic as news of what had happened in the trial spread. And then the panic turned to fear. Hostility. Rie felt it gathering around her. She stared up at the woman and stepped forwards.
“Enough!”
Rie’s shout calmed everyone for a second. They looked at her, Riverfarm folk, Lancrel’s refugees, Prost, Durene, Wiskeria, and the woman on the rooftop. Rehanna had mercifully fainted as the potion healed her hand. And in the silence, Rie pointed a finger.
“Who are you? How dare you attack one of Riverfarm’s people? This village is under the protection of Emperor Laken Godart—”
“I know.”
The woman stared down at Lady Rie. Rie hesitated.
“Why did you attack Rehanna?”
“‘Twas a rudeness done. An ill for goodwill. I just repaid her in kind.”
The woman answered as naturally as if Rie had asked why the sky was blue. She leapt down onto the street, landing lightly, and the crowd backed up. But it was to Wiskeria the woman turned. She nodded and reached up to her hat.
“Wiskeria. I greet thee.”
“Mavika. Why are you here? I told you, I wasn’t coming.”
Wiskeria stared at Mavika, her face pale. Rie turned to stare at her.
“You know her? Wiskeria?”
“She’s a [Witch].”
The word repeated itself through the crowd, from person to person. [Witch]? [Witch]!
Witch. And Rie focused on the pointed hat on both women’s heads. And then she had a terrible premonition. A thought. But it was nothing to the look on Wiskeria’s face. Slowly, the young woman looked around. She met Durene’s gaze, then Mavika’s, and then looked around.
“Mavika. Did the coven come with you? This is my ground. You weren’t invited! Why are you here?”
