6.38
Page 5
“You and I both know she can’t have that relationship forever. He’s a [Blacksmith] in Pallass. She’s going to be working in the north. At least until we reach Invrisil. And besides which, we’re on missions for weeks away. All she’s doing is having a fling and if she really does like him—I told you. If you two want to have sex so badly, let’s find a port city. There are brothels that cater to any species.”
It was the most the Drowned Man had said in one go for a long time, and even then, only among his group. Moore blinked, but then looked slightly affronted.
“You know she actually likes him, Seborn. How long did she say it was since she last met anyone?”
“Six years. And that was a Selphid in a port-city bar. I know. I was there and she wouldn’t shut up for three months. So what?”
The Drowned Man crossed his arms. Moore hesitated. Seborn had been in the Halfseekers with Jelaqua from the start. And even though the half-Giant had journeyed with them for years, he forgot how long the two had been in a team.
“Well, isn’t it good, then? We should be supporting her.”
“And let her get her heart broken?”
“Maughin won’t break her heart. He’s the most open-minded Dullahan I’ve met. Haven’t you?”
Seborn hesitated.
“Even if he is, so what? They can’t be together.”
“Why not?”
Moore gave him a deep look over his bowl. Seborn grumbled under his breath.
“It’s a distraction. We should be working.”
“We earned a lot of money. Doesn’t Jelaqua deserve happiness? This is the first non-Selphid who’s ever really been serious about her. You know how rare that is. Especially for someone from Baleros! He’s from her home, Seborn. This is special.”
“It’s asinine. Every time she gets back here she talks about sex, holding hands in public, or how nice he is. They’re lovebirds. He’s forging her plate armor. It’s disgusting.”
“I think it’s beautiful. I…I wish I had that.”
Moore looked dreamy, but the longing tone in his voice rang clear to his friend. Seborn grunted. It was a mark of his friendship with Moore that he bit his tongue on the first six replies. After a moment, he just looked at Moore again.
“I keep telling you to visit a brothel. They have Selphids. Or sturdy women. Or Skills. They know what they’re about. You’re not going to hurt anyone.”
“I know. You’ve said. But I mean, how many people like me are…”
Moore’s normally open face closed up. The Drowned Man sighed.
“They’re used to all sorts of customers. Me. Jelaqua. Even half-Giants. No one’s going to make fun of you. And it’ll stop you moping. Come to think of it, it would’ve stopped Jelaqua from being obsessed with this Dullahan. Just do what you need to do and stop focusing on it.”
“It’s not like that. I want to find someone I can like. Or love. I don’t want to pay for that, Seborn.”
The half-Giant [Green Mage] looked reproachfully at his friend. Seborn rolled his eyes.
“You wouldn’t say that if you’d actually done it. This is why we need new teammates. You, Jelaqua, Halassia—you were all romantics.”
The mention of their old friend made Moore blink. But then he smiled. Sadly, yes, but without the tension there had used to be. He looked at Seborn. They could talk about the past now.  The half-Giant shrugged, a bit defensively.
“So what if we are? Isn’t that why the Halfseekers were founded? We’re chasing a dream, Seborn. Let Jelaqua have her time with Maughin. He’s giving her gifts. They’re walking together. Talking. Maybe they’ll have to split when we go to Invrisil. Or maybe they’ll meet each other. Erin does have her door. And—who knows?”
