6.38
Page 29
He grinned mockingly at Erin. She just raised a brow.
“Really?”
“Ah, you’re no fun. My history’s boring. I’m just a [Veteran Strategist] from Pallass, here to play a game of chess. Are you playing or not?”
He tapped the board. Nettled, Erin began to move and realized he’d set a trap four moves ahead. She moved out of the way and took another piece. He laughed.
“And one assumes you’re the person that Olesm Swifttail has been sourcing for those excellent chess games, aren’t you?”
“Maybe.”
Erin folded her arms. The game was going quickly in the opening, but they were slowing down as the complexity ramped up. She already had a feel for Chaldion. He was good. Not as good as her mystery chess opponent maybe, but second-best. Better than anyone else Erin had played.
Suddenly, Erin realized this was the fourth of the trials sent to humble her. Probably. Maybe. But in chess? She gritted her teeth. Not in chess. This was her game. She began playing her best. Chaldion frowned and drank deeper from his glass.
“You are good.”
In silence, the two traded blows, moving their pieces, aiming at each other’s weak spots. To Erin, it felt like a tipping point around twenty minutes into this game. And move twenty. Both she and Chaldion had slowed down a lot.
If Erin was a lower-level chess player, or playing another sort of game, like teaching Mrsha or against a weaker opponent, she could see a much longer game taking place. But against her mystery chess opponent—no, against anyone who knew the game—a chess game took only a certain number of moves before a winner was obvious.
You could play it out, but most games between professionals ended with an agreed draw—or one side conceding. She didn’t know if Chaldion would insist on playing to the end, but she felt the tipping point coming. And she had the upper hand.
He knew it too. The [Strategist] paused as he eyed the board and Erin’s advantage in pieces and position. Then he reached up and one claw grasped his teal eye patch. Erin stared as Chaldion flipped it up and she saw that there was another eye there. But it wasn’t like a regular eye. The old Drake had lost his and replaced it with a sapphire—
A bright, blue light flashed from the carved eyeball. Erin recoiled, but Chaldion flipped the eye patch down. He took a nibble from a cookie and nodded.
“[Truesight]. You’re not using a trick. This is just skill, isn’t it?”
“Wh—yeah. Hey! You thought I was cheating?”
Erin was outraged. Chaldion just smiled.
“I wanted to see if you were using magic or a Skill. Neither, it seems. Well, time to get serious. Shall we?”
And suddenly his eyes sharpened. Erin didn’t know why, but the next move Chaldion made was quick and decisive. She saw him take a pawn, far away from his threatened bishop and hesitated. What was…?
The next six moves were disastrous. Erin took a bishop, a pawn—and lost her queen. It was a split attack she hadn’t seen coming that opened her up. And it was so graceful that when she realized her position, it was too late. Chaldion took the queen and regarded the board.
“Mine, I believe. Unless you want to play it out?”
“No. I lost. How’d you—that was perfect.”
Erin stared at the board. It was beyond perfect. Computers could play perfect games, but Chaldion had tricked her into that loss. She looked up and saw him smiling. The Drake slowly tapped his chessboard.
“[Path to Victory]. It’s simpler with easy games. You wouldn’t happen to be able to show me this ‘Go’ game, or ‘Shogi’, would you?”
Erin stared. And then shot out from her seat.
“You cheated?”
Chaldion shrugged.
