6.38
Page 27
“I know. And I think Grimalkin knows. And he must like you—he doesn’t listen to anyone he doesn’t like. Much less teach students besides his own? Erin! That’s a huge honor! Grimalkin’s students are among the best the Walled Cities have to offer!”
“Really?”
Erin perked up a bit. Grimalkin had disappeared outside with the Horns a bit ago. Lasica nodded seriously.
“Oh yes. They might get teased because the ‘Muscle Mage’ of Pallass was their teacher, but not to their face. A graduate of Grimalkin’s is considered a rank above your average Wistram graduate. Not least because he teaches his students how to fight. They could be promoted the equivalent of [Captain] in most Drake armies just by having his graduation certificate.”
“Wow. Well—look, I’m sorry, okay? I’m not trying to be sneaky about it. And you’re all friends to me! You and Rufelt were really nice, Lasica. Really.”
Now Erin wanted Lasica to be sure Erin wasn’t a jerk. She looked seriously at the Drake.
“You two were really nice to help me out. And after you let me come to your bar all those times! I have to repay you. Let’s go to the kitchen when you have a moment. I want to teach you all my recipes. Because we’re friends. Not just because you’re helping me, okay?”
The [Chef] waved an idle claw.
“Oh, that’s fine, Erin. Don’t worry about it. I already know all of them.”
“…Huh?”
Nonplussed, Erin stared at Lasica. The [Chef] twirled a claw in her drink and licked it.
“I saw all your food as it was coming out. It’s not very complex to create, any of it. And there are similar foods from across the world. You have some interesting ones, I’ll grant you! But it’s nothing on magical cooking or dishes made with monster parts, like Wyvern meat or slimes.”
She gestured to Ishkr, passing with ketchup and mayonnaise and a lot of fries. Erin spluttered.
“But—what—even the mayonnaise?”
Lasica gave her a reproving look.
“I am a [Chef]. Eggs, vinegar, salt, and oil, processed for a long time? I’d add some lemon maybe, or even a bit of mustard. But that’s my taste.”
Erin stared at Lasica. Then she slowly covered her face with her hands.
“I give up! I’m outmatched!”
Lasica chortled again. She patted Erin on the back.
“Don’t worry about it. We came here because we liked you and want to help a young [Innkeeper] succeed. Let Rufelt make you a drink. Do you need help in the kitchen? Rufelt, come over and help poor Erin out. And maybe you can teach her some of your drinks. You really need better alcohol, Erin.”
Grinning, she waved her husband over and he did make her a drink that took most of the embarrassment out of Erin’s chest. Most, but not all. As husband and wife surrounded Erin and Xif came over to apologize again, she felt it in the air. A small message from Pallass’ finest to her.
Gently, teasingly, and yes, kindly, they were telling her that she might have been getting arrogant. When she realized that, Erin put down her head on the bar and turned so red that Mrsha put an ice cube on her ear to watch it melt.
 
—-
 
One last encounter found Erin in her inn. She’d lost most of her motivation to rush around playing chance encounter matchmaker. In fact, she was sitting at a table, playing chess with herself—the magical chessboard was silent today, her opponent must be busy from their usual semi-daily games—when Watch Captain Venim found her. He was leading another, elderly Drake, and he cleared his throat meaningfully.
“Miss Solstice. May we have a word?”
“No.”
The Watch Captain frowned. Erin looked up briefly as she rearranged her pieces.
