6.38
Page 4
“Gnolls don’t really care, especially in the wild, but I think Mrsha should learn to wear something. So I’ll buy her some clothes today before we get back. If that’s okay? It shouldn’t be more than a few gold coins at most.”
Lyonette looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] nodded. Mrsha signed from below that she wasn’t interested in clothes, but the two adults ignored her. Erin ruffled her hair.
“Come on, Mrsha. Clothes are nice! You used to steal bras, remember? And t-shirts. And shoes. Don’t worry, you can get your clothes shopping done and then help out here, okay? We’re doing really well with the inn. But you know what? It can be even better.”
Mrsha and Lyonette both looked up at that. The [Princess] raised one brow and Erin explained with a smile.
“Opening Pallass was just the first step. Now we’re really going to improve things.”
She rubbed her hands together.
“I’ve got plans. Oh yeah. Heh. Heheheheheheh.”
Her chuckle just made Mrsha laugh silently and point at Erin’s face. Lyonette covered a smile and Erin stopped, affronted. Then she sighed.
“I can’t do a scary laugh. You know who’s great at scary laughing? Ryoka—oh. Sorry, Mrsha.”
The Gnoll cub’s face immediately fell. So did Erin’s. Lyonette gave her a reproachful look, and the [Innkeeper] guiltily knelt. She hugged Mrsha and lifted her upright with a small grunt.
“You’re getting heavier. Hey, sorry, Mrsha. But I’m sure Ryoka’s fine. Wherever she is. We’ll find her. Soon, Mrsha. When the Halfseekers get to Invrisil I’ll look into it, I promise. But for today? We’re going to help our friends here. Okay? Just watch a master.”
She smiled, and Mrsha looked up. Her tail began to wag and Lyonette looked at Erin suspiciously.
“I’d prefer to just make more money, Erin. If your next plan has anything like drama in it…”
“No, not like that! I’m just leveraging…assets! When we open the doors, let me know when Grimalkin comes in, okay? Or Xif. Or Rufelt and Lasica or—anyone important, okay?”
Erin’s eyes twinkled. Lyonette sighed, but smiled. Erin Solstice had a plan. And of such things was The Wandering Inn’s reputation built. So the three split up, preparing for another day full of Erin-related shenanigans. And in the inn, sitting at his table, Seborn looked up, drained half his mug of water, and cursed.
“She’s late.”
“Come on, Seborn. Don’t be so angry.”
The half-Giant carefully smiled at his friend. Seborn just glared ahead as Drassi came by with a pitcher of water.
“She’s late. And this is the third day.”
“Yes, but…”
Seborn glanced up at Moore. The half-Giant shrugged helplessly.
“It’s not like she doesn’t have a reason.”
“I know. But she said—”
“It’s love, Seborn.”
“It’s infatuation. She’s so busy getting wrapped up with that Dullahan that she’s forgotten about us—”
Moore’s brows drew together.
“Why are you mad? You should be happy for our friend. And it’s not like we’re sitting in squalor here. I like this inn. Don’t you?”
“We’ve been here for months, Moore. We need to get to work. Or what are we? We’re adventurers and our Captain’s missing.”
“But if she likes him—”
The half-Giant’s voice was gentle, sympathetic as was his nature. Seborn on the other hand was clearly impatient as he shook his head.
