6.38
Page 10
The Hobgoblin nodded. Mrsha did too. It was a lump of quartz, the kind that you could find all over the Floodplains, or near the High Passes. Not too valuable; Mrsha liked the look of the stone with the lattice caught in it that gave it the dark brown look, but she knew it wasn’t worth much. To a low-level jeweler, maybe. But not to [Mages], who valued pure quartz for its magical-holding properties as a weak enchantment material.
The Stone Spears tribe wouldn’t mine this unless they had nothing better. That was Mrsha’s expert opinion as a Gnoll of her tribe. But Pyrite, about twenty seconds into his minute, had other plans. The Hobgoblin put another piece of fish into his mouth and, grunting, with it full, reached for the quartz. He didn’t use a tool, or do anything special; his claws just dug into the rock and began slicing pieces off it as if it were soft butter!
Mrsha’s eyes widened in amazement. Pieces of rock flew and dust drifted down as the Hobgoblin’s claws blurred against the quartz, breaking it down, molding it, then, smoothing the stone, carving it until it was one smooth sphere. In less than thirty seconds, he’d created a sphere. A perfect little marble, showcasing the quartz, transparent brown and grey, a beautiful bauble. Pyrite winked as Mrsha’s eyes went round. He swallowed his mouthful and spoke.
“Good food. Tell Numbtongue thanks. Here.”
He dipped the marble in the cup, and withdrew the gleaming orb of stone. Then, casually, he rolled it towards Mrsha. The Gnoll clasped her paws around the beautiful marble and lifted it up, admiring it. She heard a sigh and looked up. And when she did, Numbtongue was sitting in his chair, blinking at Mrsha, a piece of fish in his claw.
The Gnoll and Hobgoblin looked at each other in silence. Mrsha stared at Numbtongue as he blinked and then burped fishily. Hesitantly, she offered the marble to him. The Hobgoblin hesitated and took it. He stared at the smooth surface and at the crumbs of quartz on the table. He whistled.
“[Rock Polishing]. And [Miner’s Claws].”
He offered it back to Mrsha. The Gnoll took the bauble hesitantly. Numbtongue smiled, and it was bitter, and sad, and happy at the same time.
“He liked the fish.”
Mrsha nodded. The two sat together like that until Lyonette came out of her kitchen, dusting her hands. She eyed the rock dust on the table with a frown as she came over.
“Are you making a mess, Numbtongue? Or is it Mrsha? You know, someone has to clean—what is that?”
She blinked as Mrsha rolled the quartz marble on the floor. The [Princess] stared at the shiny little plaything and Numbtongue and Mrsha exchanged a glance. Both looked at Lyonette and shrugged. Numbtongue pointed at the quartz dust on the table.
“Not me. Pyrite did it.”
“Who?”
And the Hobgoblin’s smile was wide. Because Pyrite was dead. But at least—yes, at least, Numbtongue could still treat him to a meal. And he’d liked meeting Mrsha too.
 
—-
 
A budding relationship. A Goblin with a class. And an [Innkeeper] with a new Skill. Erin rubbed her hands together gleefully, ignorant of some of it, but aware of more than she let on. Relc was happily chatting to her as her staff readied the inn for the influx from Pallass. It was already filling with people from Liscor. Not Krshia, Elirr, Raekea, or any of the Gnolls on the campaign trail, but Selys was here and practically aglow with triumph.
