6.38
Page 9
He stared at his claws and remembered the events of last night. They hit him again. The [Goblin Soulbard] stared at his claws. He reached for a forearm and made to pinch himself, then closed his hand. Lyonette, lugging in groceries with Mrsha opened the door just in time to see Numbtongue make a fist and wallop himself as hard as he could in the face.
“Numbtongue! What are you doing?”
Mrsha abandoned her bag to dash over. She stared at Numbtongue as he picked himself off the floor. Numbtongue rubbed at his bruised cheek and shrugged.
“Just making sure. Hi, Lyonette. Morning, Mrsha.”
She waved at him. The Hobgoblin nodded and sat back down. Lyonette stared at him, opened her mouth, and then pointed.
“Okay, let’s bring the food to the kitchen! Come on, Mrsha!”
As they went, Numbtongue stared at his claws again. They clenched into fists as he closed his eyes.
[Soulbard]. That was a purpose in itself. But more than that. More, oh so much more. It was—it wasn’t justice. It wasn’t enough for all the dead. But for one Goblin? He thought about his new Skill.
[A Minute, Reborn]. It was a Skill with serious limitations. But the utility! The use! Numbtongue knew he should be running tests to see how many times he could use it per day. Or figure out how best to use it. In the mines, perhaps? Could Pyrite locate more gemstones with his Skills? Could he use Skills?
But in this moment, there was only one thought Numbtongue had. He stared down at the bowl of half-eaten fish as Mrsha reappeared out of the kitchen and padded over to him. It was cold fish, and without any other preparation. But it was good. It was tasty. And right now, all that was in Numbtongue’s heart was this. He closed his eyes.
 
—-
 
Mrsha, who had been padding over to check on Numbtongue and maybe filch some of his breakfast, saw the Hobgoblin change. No one else noticed, but Mrsha had known Numbtongue for a while. And she had keen eyes, a sensitive nose. She saw his posture change, his head snap up and look around. From body language, to the look in his eyes—even his voice was suddenly, strangely, different. The Gnoll froze in alarm as the Hobgoblin looked up, looked at his bowl, and grunted.
“Hrm.”
And then he began to eat. With one clawed hand he picked out a piece of fish and ate it, bones and all. Mrsha heard him casually grinding the bones down, chomping through them without any problem. He grunted in satisfaction as, with his other hand, he fished a pouch by his side. Curiously, not so much afraid as wary, Mrsha crept closer. She had seen Numbtongue do this yesterday. And he had explained it. Even told Erin what, who this was. He’d called the strange Goblin—
Pyrite. And as Mrsha slunk up to the table, one of the Hobgoblin’s eyes swung down towards her. She froze. She’d been using her [Natural Concealment] Skill, which normally fooled even Numbtongue until she was closer! But this Hob saw her at once. He blinked at her, then smiled. With one hand he kept eating. And with the other, he pulled something out of his pouch and placed it on the table.
“Hm. Good fish. Not enough time to go mining. Go later.”
That was all he said. Mrsha, emboldened, leapt onto a chair and stared at the Hob. He nodded at her.
“Mrsha.”
She nodded cautiously and pointed at him. Pyrite nodded amiably. As he ate another piece of fish, he gestured at something on the table. Mrsha stared at the lump he’d placed there. She stared, and then recognized the slightly transparent rock.
“Quartz. Smokey.”
