6.38
Page 25
“What? Threatening you? I’m no [Thug] of an [Alchemist]! I just said I’d use a Skill.”
“Oh, a Skill!”
Lyonette looked relieved. Erin just looked blank. Xif tutted.
“Dear me, the expressions you Humans come up with. I put my tail in my mouth all the time, though. Better just to do it now.  Miss Solstice, I invoke [The Avid Collector]. Name your price for a single flower.”
Erin blinked. He was pointing at a flower. She wasn’t going to—
“Twenty—two hundred and twenty gold pieces for a flower.”
The words popped out of her mouth before Erin realized she was speaking. Lyonette’s eyes popped. Xif just smiled.
“Done!”
He reached out and offered Erin a paw. She shook it, realized what she was doing, and pulled her hand back.
“Damn!”
“Too late!”
Xif smiled happily and ruefully at Erin. And as surely as she knew her inn, Erin realized that one of the flowers in the box belonged to him. And two hundred and twenty gold pieces belonged to her. Lyonette looked like she was going to swallow her tongue as Xif pulled out his bag of holding and began setting gold coins on a table. He had them in stacks of ten. Erin just stared at Xif for a moment.
“You can’t—that wasn’t—that’s not fair!”
But it was at the same time. She had felt the deal go through as she shook his paw. Erin looked around, Xif was smiling apologetically at her. But she wanted—
“Venim!”
The Watch Captain winced as he stood on Pallass’ side of the door. Erin stomped through the door and confronted him, ignoring the upset crowd who wanted to watch the play. The Drake wearily looked at Erin.
“Yes Miss Solstice?”
“Xif just used a Skill on me! He made me sell one of my flowers to him!”
“Really?”
The Watch Captain’s eyes sharpened as Erin relayed the transaction to him. But when she came to him using his Skill, his eyes brightened.
“He bought a flower for how much?”
A large number of heads turned and Erin hesitated.
“Well—that’s not important! But he made me sell the flowers and I can’t take it back! You have to force him to stop it!”
She felt embarrassed saying it, really. It was way more gold than the flowers were worth! And yet, she was outraged because she’d been forced to make the deal. But Venim only chewed his lip for one second before shaking his head.
“It’s legal. You can’t name a price you won’t sell for. He just forced a sale. Pallassian law accepts that, Miss Solstice.”
Venim looked delighted to be able to say that.  Erin stared at his face. Behind her, Kel the [Guardsman] grinned triumphantly. Venim’s lips were twitching too. Erin glared around.
“How is that fair? What if he wanted me to sell a precious heirloom or something?”
Venim shrugged.
“The fact is, he did not, Miss Solstice. He forced you into a deal you were willing to take. It’s not always pleasant, but Skill-based sales are acknowledged as a legal tool across the world. If it was unethical, you could appeal it—like how I hear [Slave Traders] can force someone to sell themselves into slavery. But I doubt it’ll win given your supply of plants.”
He looked pointedly back into Erin’s inn. She looked back glumly and saw Xif was going from flower to flower, followed by Lyonette, who had helpfully dug out a spoon and cup to transport the precious bloom in. The Gnoll hummed happily as he picked his small flower out of the box and carefully replanted it in a mug.
“I don’t like it.”
“You don’t have to, Miss Solstice. But I’m afraid you must abide by it. Unless you have a better Skill.”
Venim smiled politely and triumphantly at Erin. She stared at him.
“Maybe I do.”
