6.38
Page 16
Relc whined as Ferkr obediently began packing the weights into her bag of holding. Grimalkin smiled.
“I’m afraid not. But I’ll invite you to the first weights…room? Weights arena? Ah, what did you call it, Miss Erin?  Gymnasium. I’ll certainly invite you over. And to give a demonstration of real strength to my apprentices!”
He shook Relc’s hand briskly and tossed one of the heavier weights into his own bag of holding. Erin stared at him in horror.
“You’re going back? Already?”
“That’s right. We’ve gotten the exercises down—unless you’ve recalled some more? I must leave a message at the [Mage]’s Guild. Miss Solstice, if you have any more details on the weights or new techniques, send me a [Message] and I will pay for sending and receiving!”
Grimalkin turned eagerly back to Erin. She hesitated.
“No…but hold on! The day’s just getting started! Why don’t you come in? Have a drink? I have fresh pizza, milkshakes—the play’s on! Your apprentice should really see it!”
Ferkr perked up her ears at all the new and exciting words, but Grimalkin just grimaced.
“I suppose I could look around. What did you say you made? A milk…?”
Erin smiled in relief and rushed back into the inn. She grabbed a milkshake that Ishkr was bringing around on trays and rushed it over to Grimalkin.
“And they’re doing Pygmalion on stage! Look! They’re singing and—”
“Shh!”
A furious crowd shushed her. Erin lowered her voice and meekly stepped to the back of the room. Grimalkin sniffed the milkshake, and tasted it with a forked tongue.
“Sugar and milk. Cold. I can see this being used to build fat if I was emaciated. But otherwise? Don’t drink it Ferkr.”
He shook his head and Ferkr drooped as she sniffed hers. Relc looked delighted.
“Ooh, if you don’t want it, I’ll take it!”
Grimalkin silently passed his drink to Relc and the [Sergeant] took a gulp and savored his. Erin hesitated as well. Grimalkin was staring at the play, listening to the Drake actress, being lectured by a furious Dr. Higgins played by a Gnoll, try to imitate a British accent. That alone was hilarious on a number of levels, but Grimalkin just nodded once.
“I see. I see.”
“Numbtongue’s also going to perform later. And uh, there’s Liscor as well! The Antinium are building the inn—I can get you pizza, drinks—look, Rufelt’s helping with the bar! Come on, take a seat!”
Erin was looking at the door to Pallass. She needed to turn it to Celum for a tiny bit and she was dreading the fight, but getting Grimalkin relaxed came first. But the [Sinew Magus] just kept looking around and then—he shook his head.
“Mhm. Fascinating. Plays. Food. Unhealthy food. Hobgoblin. I can see dismantling organized crime in Celum. That was entertaining. As for the rest—do you have any more weights to show me?”
He turned brusquely to Erin. The [Innkeeper] wavered, caught off-guard. She looked around her inn.
“N-no?”
“Excellent. Then I’m done here. Goodbye.”
Grimalkin strode towards the door, beckoning Ferkr, who was entranced by the display. Erin ran after him, panicked. This wasn’t part of the plan!
“Wait! Wait, wait—you can’t leave! Stay and relax a bit!”
Grimalkin paused, sighed, and turned back to Erin. He wasn’t unfriendly—just as straightforward as ever. He didn’t mince words as he gestured at the door to Pallass.
“It was quite fun to visit your inn these last few days, Miss Erin. I won’t deny that. But I have work to do. You’ve given me the chance to redefine how [Soldiers] and [Warriors] across the Walled Cities—perhaps even the world—will train. I’d prefer to get to that.”
