6.38
Page 32
With that, he kept looking up. Ceria looked at Yvlon and Pisces. He glowered and Yvlon nodded. Ceria nodded back and then raised her wand and shouted.
“[Ice Wall]!”
A thick wall of ice shot upwards, blocking him from the Horns. It was wide, and tall—Ceria gritted her teeth as the wall came up, thickening, growing from one foot to two feet. Pisces instantly pointed and bones flowed out of his bag.
“Those who have died, heed my call, rise twice to bring to my enemies—”
It was a chant, hastening the speed at which the bones assembled into the Bone Horror, three times as fast as before. Grimalkin stared as Yvlon set herself and Ksmvr readied his shield. Ceria grinned. The wall was three feet thick now, solid ice! She’d practice with that spell. She called out to Grimalkin.
“See? Buying time. It’s our basic strategy. Not bad, right? It can at least contain most enemies. In fact, we killed a bunch of Crelers, baby ones, using this—”
She was ready for him to try to jump over the wall, or go around. If he did, Ceria would freeze him in midair or create another wall and stymie him. That was the trick Pisces had come up with. When he made the first move, the Horns would scatter, use mobility against him as Yvlon took him on. He was strong, but ice spells were perfect in group fights.
But Grimalkin didn’t dash or jump or even take a step. He just regarded Ceria’s wall as it grew thicker and thicker. Then he sighed, lifted one arm, and made a fist.
A terrible foreboding crossed Ceria’s mind. And her [Dangersense] went off. As well as a certain memory. She watched as Grimalkin took a single stride forwards and raised a fist. Time slowed, and Ceria saw the fist plunge towards her. Exactly like—she looked left and saw Pisces’ eyes go round. Grimalkin reached out—
And he punched straight through the four-foot thick wall. The thick ice exploded outwards and Grimalkin’s fist knocked Yvlon off her feet down the hill. With the same motion he flicked his wrist and swatted Ceria off her feet. The explosion of ice made Ksmvr shield himself from the larger chunks with his Forceshield. He lowered, it, ready to attack—and then looked around and realized he was the last person on his feet.
Ksmvr looked to one side at Pisces. The [Necromancer] was doubled over. A piece of ice half the size of his torso had hit him in the groin. The Antinium looked up as Grimalkin withdrew his fist and looked down at him through the gaping hole in the ice wall.
The [Sinew Magus] walked through the hole in the wall and looked down at Ksmvr as Yvlon, swearing, and shouting, finally crashed down at the bottom on the hill and Ceria, unconscious, rolled on top of her. Grimalkin looked down at Ksmvr. The Antinium stared up at him and regarded his shortsword.
Ksmvr considered his options and then slowly raised his free hand.
“Um. Is this war?”
 

