6.38
Page 11
“Your inn’s really making an impact, Erin. Those Pallassian [Senators] are giving Krshia their backing—and not Lism! He still has Pallass’ support, but there are actual Gnolls coming to talk on Krshia’s behalf, and they’re brilliant at speaking! Of course, they have the class. And Krshia can just point to you when Lism tries to rant about Humans and foreigners being bad for Liscor. You did it!”
“Hey, I just got people together. They did the rest. Thank Rufelt and Lasica—they’ll be here to lend some support tonight. And this is good for Pallass’ election too!”
Erin replied modestly, but she felt a surge of pride seeing Selys’ face. Not to mention the people of Liscor who’d come here to talk with people from Pallass, or just see what her inn was doing next. She looked around for Lyonette. And today she was going to make it even better for her other friends!
“Hey Lyonette! Let’s open the door to Pallass already!”
Lyonette looked up. She had been playing a game of rolling a little marble on the ground with Mrsha. The shiny stone caught Erin’s eye and she frowned—where had Mrsha gotten that?—but Lyonette nodded and Erin focused on the door. Time to go to work. She swung it open and a roar of noise enveloped her.
“Hey! Can I get a pizza with cheese in the crusts? And extra salami on top? No one’s copied that yet!”
“Where’s the play? Stop pushing! Is there a new one on? Hey, will those [Actors] come to Pallass?”
“Make way, people! [Senator] coming through!”
“I’m on the list to go to Liscor! Hey! Let me through! I’m on today’s list! I have proof and everything!”
A chorus of voices, angry, happy, expectant, rushed over Selys and Erin. The Drake recoiled. Erin beamed. She saw [Guardsman] Kel holding a crowd back with two other members of Pallass’ Watch as those on the short list to come through trooped through the doorway.
There was even a [Mage] to recharge the door. Two, in fact. Grimalkin strode through the door, bypassing a [Senator] and Xif. Erin waved at him as he entered.
“Grimalkin! Hey! Great to see you! Good morning! Can I get you anything to eat? To drink?”
“Miss Erin.”
The [Sinew Magus] nodded formally at Erin and gazed around the inn. His eyes focused on Relc like a laser beam. The Drake [Guardsman] was already getting up.
“Yo, Grimalkin! Are the weights done?”
Grimalkin grinned with genuine pleasure as he reached out. He and Relc clasped forearms and Selys and Erin, standing back, saw their muscles tense as they exchanged the kind of greeting only two exceptionally muscular people could. Relc laughed and Grimalkin nodded.
“I got the last weights done yesterday. Barbells, weight bar—even the new one Miss Erin mentioned to me.”
“Ooh! The squiggle bar?”
Erin’s eyes widened. Grimalkin nodded and reached for a bag of holding. He produced a shorter bar than the customary bench press bar that Erin was familiar with. But she recognized the EZ-bar from the customary, unique bend in the frame that meant you were holding it at an angle as you lifted. Relc chortled as he examined it.
“That’s weird. I like it! Hey, how many weights do you have?”
“Plenty. Any number of pounds—and I ordered fifty-pound weights made of lead. The [Smiths] should be finishing them any time now—actually, I see them now. Apprentice Ferkr! Don’t lollygag over there!”
