6.38
Page 1
The Worker did that. His hand positioned a nail, and his other hand swung while his last two hands steadied himself on the roof and the tile in place. One, two, three—the nail went in. The Worker hammered four more nails in and looked up in time to see another tile flying into place, right above the tile he’d just affixed to the roof. He stared at it. Then he raised his hammer.
More nails, each hammered quickly into place. And this time, the Worker looked up and saw the next tile flying towards him. He edged out of the way and it moved into place. Without missing a beat, he grabbed more nails in his lower-left hand and got to work. Now this was easy!
One tile. Two. Three…they flew into place, just waiting for the nails! The Worker had a rhythm going. Then he saw the tiles flying and the nails with it! It slapped itself into place and the nails drove themselves in. The Worker stared. The next five tiles affixed themselves to the roof as he watched. Whatever magic or…whatever was doing it was far more efficient than the Worker, and as precise as he could ever be. The tiles flew, landed and then, after the tenth one—
Stopped. The Worker stared at his basket. There were still more tiles, and more nails in his tin. But the tiles had stopped moving. The Worker hopefully made his way over to the basket, and picked one up. He tossed it up gently into the air. It obeyed the laws of gravity and he caught it before it landed.
The Worker stared at the tile. His antennae drooped slightly, and he slowly got back to work the slow, mundane way. And below him, Erin, Lyonette, and Mrsha stared up at the roof and looked at each other. Erin breathed out as she lowered her hand. Mrsha’s eyes were shining and Lyonette was biting her lip. Erin grinned.
“That’s so cool.”
 
—-
 
“[Partial Reconstruction]!”
In the very early morning, in her quiet inn, Erin shouted the word and pointed. Ceria, nursing a hangover, winced. But she watched along with the others as the broken chair, a mess of splinters and wood pieces, quickly rebuilt itself. The wood fused as the half-Elf stared and in less than ten seconds, a completely intact chair sat across from her. The half-Elf whistled softly.
“Now that’s a powerful Skill.”
“It’s amazing! Did you see that? Seborn, hey, Seborn—did you see—”
Erin grinned and looked around. Her inn was quiet and sparsely populated, but only by comparison with the last few days. It did in fact have nearly thirty people in it; the Players of Celum, setting up on stage, the Horns of Hammerad—except for Pisces, who was still asleep—Lyonette, Mrsha, Drassi, Ishkr, three [Barmaids], two [Servers], Apista, Relc, and…the Halfseekers.
Two of them, at least. Seborn and Moore were sitting at a table. The Drowned Man looked up and nodded briefly. He didn’t look happy, but then, he never did. He was largely expressionless by nature and he regarded the chair with less amazement than the others.
“I saw. Useful Skill.”
“Aw, come on. It’s amazing! Isn’t it?”
“Amazing.”
The Drowned Man dutifully replied. He sipped from his mug of water and didn’t exactly scowl. Erin pouted, and then looked around.
“What about you, Relc? It’s cool, right?”
“Cool? It’s great! Hey, can I try to break another chair?”
The [Guardsman] excitedly grabbed a chair and Mrsha nodded vigorously. He was here early on a day off, and he’d gotten to witness Erin testing out her new Skill. Erin nodded and he grabbed a second chair.
“Alright! Stand back little Mrsha! Fix—this!”
