6.38
Page 12
Grimalkin turned and roared into the doorway to Pallass. He strode back into the crowd and emerged half-carrying a smaller Gnoll. Erin blinked. It was a female Gnoll! She was a bit shorter than Grimalkin, but she seemed a lot smaller because she was nowhere near as muscly. With that said, she probably had twice as much muscle definition as Erin. It was just that even Relc looked less huge next to Grimalkin.
“Sorry about that. Ferkr, the weights?”
Grimalkin deposited the Gnoll on the ground. Ferkr jumped. Nervously, the Gnoll held up a bag of holding. Grimalkin took it, pulled out some huge rounded weights with one hand and tossed them at Relc. The [Guardsman], not to be outdone, caught them and slotted them onto the bar until it was two hundred pounds heavier. Then he began lifting it up and down.
“Oh yeah! This feels different! Hey Erin, these things are great! Tons of fun!”
He tried lifting the bar one-handed, but that was too much even for Relc. Swearing, Relc caught the bar and Erin and Selys decided to step back. Ferkr just stared around at the inn, and then jumped as Grimalkin addressed her.
“Ferkr, are the other apprentices training?”
“Uh, yes Magus Grimalkin! They’re doing six laps, as you ordered.”
Grimalkin grunted in disgust.
“And doing it slow, no doubt. Well, I’ll put them on the weights soon enough. Sergeant Relc! Don’t twist your arms like that! You could injure yourself. That’s two hundred and some pounds you’re swinging around; proper posture is key!”
He turned to Relc, who was trying to swing the entire weights bar like a bat. Relc paused and Erin, eying the weights and Relc, decided to step in.
“Why don’t you two do your weights stuff over there, Grimalkin? And hey! Who’s this? One of your apprentices?”
She looked at Ferkr. The female Gnoll jumped and bowed.
“That’s right, Miss Human. I’m—uh—”
Grimalkin grabbed the EZ-bar from Relc and held it out to Ferkr.
“This is Ferkr, Miss Erin. One of my apprentices. The only Gnoll apprentice I’ve ever had, in fact. She’s attempting to become a [Mage]. Which I commend! But she’s far too nervous. Ferkr, take this. Careful—it’s two hundred pounds.”
He waited until the female Gnoll had a grip on it before letting go. Erin winced, expecting Ferkr to stumble or drop the bar under the weight, but to her amazement, the Gnoll only grunted and the bar dipped a fraction before she held it at a resting position. Grimalkin nodded and Erin stared.
“Wait, that’s way too heavy for her!”
“A hundred pounds too heavy, perhaps. Although with magic she could manage a hundred and fifty. How does it feel, Ferkr?”
“Heavy, sir!”
The Gnoll’s voice was strained, but she was keeping the bar up. Grimalkin nodded. He pulled off fifty pounds off each end.
“Give it a try now. Try—three lifts.”
Slowly, exhaling hard, the younger Gnoll did just that. Erin and Selys’ jaw dropped as they saw her furry forearms strain and then lift. Once, twice—she was struggling on the third one. Grimalkin barked.
“Push, Ferkr! I want those arms to come up! Yes, yes—”
The third curl came with a growl from Ferkr as her arms shook. Grimalkin plucked the bar off her and slapped her on the back. She staggered and nearly fell over.
“Excellent! That’s what I want to see! And you can feel the muscles working, can’t you, Ferkr? That’s what Miss Solstice calls a maximum repetition. A few of those push your limit, while working at lower weights is safer and builds the muscle you want. I imagine these bars can support enough weight to test anyone but Sergeant Relc and I.”
“Yeah. That bar’s harder than the straight one.”
