6.38
Page 13
Relc grinned as he pointed at the EZ-bar. Erin just gaped at Grimalkin. Then she looked at Ferkr.
“You’re strong! Wow, are all your apprentices like that? Hi, I’m Erin, by the way.”
She held out a hand and Ferkr timidly shook it. Grimalkin just snorted.
“Gnolls are stronger than Humans. No—there’s less gender imbalance for their species when it comes to musculature.  Historically, female Gnolls led hunting packs. And Ferkr is my apprentice—of course she’s stronger than normal! As I said, my first Gnoll [Mage] apprentice. I have expectations of her, but she has to grow some testicles! Perhaps meeting you will help in that regard, Miss Erin.”
He looked sternly at Ferkr and the Gnoll blushed under her fur. Erin smiled sympathetically at the Gnoll girl, but Selys, who’d been listening in to the conversation while waiting for the last of the Gnolls to come in, blinked.
“Wait a second. I thought Gnolls couldn’t be [Mages]. Isn’t that what they say at Wistram?”
“Yeah. Hold on, that’s what I heard too.”
Relc eyed Ferkr, looking confused. Ferkr looked up and her mouth opened, but Grimalkin spoke first.
“Hah! I don’t know how that narrative spread, but it’s completely false. Unfortunately, it’s so widespread that Gnolls don’t become [Mages]! Can you imagine? There are countless precedents in history of Gnoll [Mages]—true, their race tends towards [Shamanism], but that’s just proof they can handle magic! Somehow some idiot started the rumor at Wistram and now Gnolls don’t believe they can become [Mages]—so many don’t! It’s one of those popular narratives that impedes an entire race’s magical potential. Disgraceful!”
He barked the word right over Ferkr’s ear and she winced. So did Erin—Grimalkin delivered everything at a shout or roar. She looked over her shoulder at Temile on stage and the [Stage Manager] waved his arms at her in a ‘go away, please’ kind of signal.
“Uh, yeah. About that—why don’t we take this outside? Grimalkin, I love that you’re here and I want to talk with you. But there’s other people coming through. Ooh—Selys! Your guests are all here!”
“I see that. Talk to you later, Erin!”
Selys slipped away and trotted towards the Gnolls ready to help Krshia. Grimalkin looked around and then at Ferkr and Relc. Some of the guests at the nearby tables glared at the muscle [Mage] as they held their hands over their ears. Grimalkin returned the glares with an impervious glance, but he did nod.
“Hm. This is crowded. Let’s take this outside. Sergeant Relc, Ferkr, I want to do some tests so I can see what the right posture is for all of this. I have a bench in my bag of holding and Miss Solstice can show us some grips.”
“Awesome. And hey—good luck Miss Ferkr! I hope you can get that [Mage] class!”
Relc rubbed his claws together as he started for the doors. Grimalkin raised his eyebrows.
“Hope? What do you mean? She’s already a [Mage]. Level 6.”
Relc stopped in his tracks. He stared at Grimalkin, and then at Ferkr. The Gnoll was smiling.
“What? No. Really?”
“That’s r—”
“That’s right. A Level 6 [Mage]. I told you it was just a myth. She’s got a long way to go to pass my classes, but she works harder than half my Drake and Dullahan slackers. I have every hope that she’ll head to this Meeting of the Tribes the Gnolls are having and put an end to this nonsense. I could use more Gnoll apprentices. They have a foundation of muscle, and exercise in the plains that many Drakes lack.”
