6.38
Page 2
He smashed the chair into the floorboards, and Ceria winced. The wood splinters flew everywhere and the half-Elf raised a hand to block her face. Mrsha, who’d obediently scooted back behind a table, ducked. But a large arm and hand gently protected her from the flying debris. Moore gave Relc a reproachful look as he savored his porridge. The Drake was too excited to notice.
“Alright, fix that, Erin!”
“You got it!”
Erin pointed and the broken chair and floorboards reassembled themselves in moments. Relc crowed as he raised his fists.
“That is so cool! Not even magic can do that!”
“Magic can totally do that. I mean, I could do some of that if I knew [Repair]. And there’s [Reconstruct]. I bet most veteran [Mages] from Wistram could do that.”
Ceria grumbled. Relc ignored her as he turned to Erin, eyes shining.
“What level was that Skill, Erin? Level 30? Are you Level 30 already? It’s gotta be a high-level Skill, right?”
Erin blushed and waved a hand as everyone looked at her.
“Aw, well, you know…it’s really good, isn’t it?”
“It’s fantastic. That’s a proper [Innkeeper] Skill right there. Hey, can I try something bigger? Like a table?”
“Go ahead! I wanna see what I can do! Heck, maybe I’ll rebuild the entire roof!”
The young woman nodded eagerly.
“Hold on, let’s not go overboard.”
Lyonette cautioned the two, but it was too late. Relc raced over to an unoccupied table, and with considerable experience, leapt and gave it a flying elbow. The [Princess] sighed as the table cracked and Mrsha and Erin cheered.
“Awesome! [Partial Reconstruction]! Do another, Relc!”
“Yeah, can I?”
“Go for it!”
The background crash and reassembly got boring after the third break for everyone but Erin and Relc and Mrsha. Lyonette sighed and went to fill drinks. Ceria sipped from a glass of milk and ate a plateful of spaghetti and meatballs. Yvlon, sitting across from her, wrinkled her nose.
“Ceria, don’t you think there’s better things to eat in the morning?”
The half-Elf considered this as she chewed and swallowed.
“Nope. What’s the point of having an inn where I can have any dish I want, fresh, and not having something like this?”
Yvlon opened her mouth to reply, then turned her head and stared left at Ksmvr. He looked up from his plate. He was eating porridge, with acid flies sprinkled into it. Yvlon stared at her teammates, sighed, and shook her head.
“Why is it that I suddenly wish Pisces were here? I must be coming down with something.”
She pushed back her empty bowl just in time for Relc to hurtle past her and body slam a chair. He looked up.
“Yeah?”
“Yeah!”
Erin pointed at the chair mended its broken back. Relc grabbed two more chairs and jumped on a table. He smashed one on the ground.
“Yeah!?”
“Yea—oh wait, hold on. I think it’s stopped working.”
Erin said that too late. The crash this time made the Players of Celum look up from across the long room. They stared at Relc as he slowly got up from his pile of splinters where he’d done a flying body slam. Erin stared at the splinters of the table and three chairs on the floor. She pointed hopefully.
“Uh, [Partial Reconstruction]?”
Nothing happened. And in truth, Erin had felt that too. She’d run out of her Skill. Relc hesitated as he got up, brushing bits of wood off his scales.
“Oops.”
Mrsha paused in trying to break a chair leg and innocently hid it behind her back. Lyonette covered her face and groaned. Moore picked a large wooden splinter out of his bowl of porridge. Seborn stared at the chairs, and then went back to his drink. At his table, Ksmvr raised two hands.
