6.38
Page 17
“Argh—okay, but—stay for just half an hour! No, ten minutes! Your apprentice deserves a break, doesn’t she?”
Erin pleaded with Grimalkin. The Drake hesitated and looked at Erin, and then at Ferkr, who looked pleadingly at him and sighed.
“I suppose ten minutes wouldn’t be undue. Ferkr, by all means, enjoy yourself. And we can take one of those…pizzas back with us. A single slice wouldn’t hurt. But that grease!”
He shuddered. Erin breathed out in relief.
“Great. I’ll just—uh, I just remembered I had to do something. In the door. Don’t go anywhere!”
She rushed past Grimalkin. He frowned after her as Erin ran to the door to Pallas and to the watching crowd’s outrage, slammed it and turned it to Celum. She opened the door and shouted.
“Lyonette! Check in ten minutes! I need to go to the Runner’s Guild! Oh, please be there, please be there—”
She rushed out and a moment later, the door opened and a roar of fury from Pallass echoed in the inn. The [Actors] on stage dutifully recreated the scene and all was placid. Grimalkin watched the play with Relc commentating next to him. It wasn’t that he wasn’t interested in the performance—it was just that he had better things to do. Ferkr meanwhile was grabbing as much food and eating it as possible, savoring Erin’s free food.
Ten minutes later, Lyonette checked the door to Celum, prompting another brief intermission and a panting Erin was back. Grimalkin glanced up as Erin and a second Human entered the inn. No—two Humans. A young man and a young woman. The young man was clearly a Runner, and the young woman…Grimalkin’s head turned back.
“Nice muscle definition. Hm. That’s…”
He was half-interested in that, half in the play, and mostly on leaving. Grimalkin was looking for his apprentice, who seemed to have wandered off in hopes of prolonging her stay, when an exclamation from the trio drew his eyes back. The young woman who’d come in with Erin had caught sight of Numbtongue, who was wandering past, eating pizza.
“Hobgoblin! [Quick Kick]!”
She reflexively recoiled, and then lashed out with a kick. Grimalkin saw Numbtongue whirl, try to dodge—but the kick was too fast. It caught him on the chest, and knocked him backwards. There was power in that blow! Numbtongue flew backwards, hit a table where a pair of Gnolls were sitting, rolled over it, and landed in a crouch. The inn erupted into shouts as the Goblin made two fists and crouched, but Erin, waving her hands desperately, put herself between the Human and Hobgoblin.
“No! Garia! It’s Numbtongue! Didn’t you know I had Goblins at—have you never seen—does no one read my signs?”
Chaos. But quickly dispersed. Erin, panting, quickly explained and Grimalkin saw the young woman called Garia, blushing, introduce herself to the annoyed Hobgoblin along with the other Runner. The [Sinew Mage] watched as Erin slowly placated Numbtongue, and then made a beeline over to him with the Runners.
“Hey Grimalkin! Sorry about the fuss—”
“I wasn’t part of it. It was a splendid kick, though. Excellent form. But I really should be going, Miss Solstice.”
The Drake replied calmly. He saw the young woman behind Erin blush. Out of politeness and curiosity, Grimalkin turned to her and the Runner. He held out a claw.
“How do you do. Grimalkin, [Sinew Magus]. You have an impressive display of muscles, young lady. Compressed, though. Clearly the work of a Skill. Also the bearing of…someone who’s lost weight. Your balance is slightly off, but that’s a [Martial Artist]’s kick if ever I saw one. Nice to see some have become Runners at last. It’s a compatible profession.”
