6.38
Page 28
“I’m not doing whatever you want. It’s ‘take-Erin-down-a-peg day’ today. I know what’s up. I’m just gonna play chess here. Don’t bother me. I’m sulking.”
She went back to her chess game. Venim looked askance and nervously checked the old Drake at his side. The Drake had very grey scales, with only a hint of yellow in them.
“Miss Solstice, my guest—”
“Shush, young Drake. If the girl wants to sulk, let her sulk. Get me a snack, would you? Some of those ‘cookies’ look good. And some rum! Rufelt knows what I like.”
The old Drake hobbled past Venim and pulled a chair out opposite Erin. He sat down without being invited. Affronted, Erin looked up.  The Drake peered at the chessboard and poked a piece.
“Hm. White or black?”
“Wh—black.”
The response came out of Erin before she caught herself. She frowned as the old Drake began putting the rest of the white pieces in order.
“Hold on, I’m not in the mood to play, Mister…?”
“Chaldion.”
The old Drake inspected the pieces, then, without hesitation, moved his knight to F3. Erin glared, annoyed, but her chess instincts took over. She moved a pawn to D5 without hesitation.
“Hm. Good. Most of Pallass’s young [Strategists] ponder for minutes over their next moves. At least this time I won’t be bored.”
Chaldion smiled. He was missing some teeth, but they were very white. With one claw he picked up a pawn and moved it to C4. Erin blinked. She stared at the board and then slowly moved her pawn to E6. The old Drake considered it, nodded, and moved his pawn to D4, taking her pawn there. Erin blinked.
Réti Opening to Queen’s Gambit Declined. They were fancy names, but it was really just a short back and forth. But there was a confidence in the Drake’s placement that made part of her sit up.
“Sir!”
Venim was back with a handful of cookies and a large glass of rum mixed with blue fruit juice. Chaldion accepted both happily.
“What’s this, what’s this? Some new drink Rufelt’s made?”
“I told him your regular sir. If you don’t like it—”
“That’s for me to decide! Hands off! And if Rufelt made it, I’ll like it. Don’t bother me. I’m playing. And keep those pesky [Tacticians] and [Strategist] brats out of my spines for a bit!”
Chaldion grumpily shooed Venim away. Erin looked up as Venim hesitated, then saluted and beat a hasty retreat. Then she looked at Chaldion. Really looked at him.
The old Drake was nearly completely grey, as old as anyone Erin had ever met in this world. As old as Tekshia, but like her, he looked like steel, tough inside. Unlike her, he had an eye patch over his right eye and several scars on his face. He grinned at her when she looked up.
“Finally looking at me, young woman? Your move.”
He pointed and Erin realized he’d moved a piece. This time she considered it. Pawn to D5. He’d taken her pawn. She thought, and moved her pawn from D2 to D4 up. Chaldion nodded patiently and moved his piece.
“Who’re you? I thought Watch Captain Venim was important.”
“Watch Captains are. But age is a rank of its own. And Pallass has multiple Watch Captains. At least one per floor. Anyways, I outrank them. Wonderful like, that. I’d love to meet that young [Strategist], but apparently he’s not welcome in this inn, is that it? Well, I’m just here for food and a game.”
Chaldion chuckled. Erin frowned as she took one of his pieces. He was playing…well. She narrowed her eyes.
“So who’re you? I’m Erin. An [Innkeeper]. This is my inn.”
Chaldion took a tip from his glass and brightened.
“Sweet! Just the thing for brain food. Wonderful sweets you have here. Who am I? Chaldion. A humble old Drake too stubborn to retire.”
