6.38
Page 30
“I used a Skill to win. It’s a strategic decision. What? Haven’t you had someone use a Skill on you while playing?”
He offered her a gap-toothed grin. Erin inhaled in outrage—and then she stared at the board.  Ruefully, she sat back down.
“Only once.”
“Really? Maybe young Swifttail doesn’t have any to use. He does come here, doesn’t he? Well, I play games like I fight wars. Everything goes. Too bad you don’t have a few Skills to use on me; that’d make for a fun match.”
Chaldion grinned. Erin sniffed.
“Yeah. All I can do is poison your cookies.”
He choked, and then began to laugh. Erin pulled the chessboard out of the spray, and then found herself laughing too. She looked at Chaldion and then at her board. She’d lost. And he’d done it so elegantly too, Skill or not. He’d handed her a defeat, right in her inn, face-to-face. For once, she had underestimated him and not the other way around.
No one had done that in this world until that moment. She smiled, and the genuine joy in it was reflected in the Drake’s eyes. He chortled as Erin looked around and shouted.
“Ishkr? Get me that Shogi set!”
And as Ishkr came over and Erin and Chaldion began discussing Shogi rules, Rufelt and Lasica watched from their bar. Rufelt eyed Venim and a few Drakes and a Gnoll who’d come through and were staring intently at the board.
“Chaldion himself? That’s something you don’t see every day. He doesn’t even visit Tails and Scales that often. Erin really is special, isn’t she, love?”
Lasica smiled.
“She’s not bad.”
The two of them looked over. Lyonette was sitting at the bar as Mrsha sipped from a goat’s milk drink on her lap. The [Princess] looked at them, a bit wide-eyed.
“You’re treating her like, well, another person. Erin.”
Rufelt chuckled and Lasica rolled her eyes. She sipped from her drink and munched on a few bar nuts they’d brought from their establishment.
“Of course. We’re a Walled City. Did you think she was completely unique? She’s special, I’ll grant you, but we have at least a few dozen people as strange as her. I think it’s a good experience, to be honest. She’s a bright young girl, but she’s been ‘special’ for too long. That’s what I think. Rufelt?”
The [Barkeep] nodded. He looked at Erin and with the expertise of someone who could tell what drink someone needed, and if they needed words, silence, or to be knocked into oblivion by alcohol, nodded.
“I think she needs to be a girl without the weight of the world on her shoulders for a little bit. So let’s let Chaldion kick her around for a bit.”
“You think she can’t beat him more than he beats her? Chaldion may be ruthless and crafty, but as a fellow female, I have to say Erin will surprise him. Or don’t you agree, my dear?”
Lasica raised her brows. Rufelt grinned.
“Well, if we’re taking bets on it—”
He looked down the bar. And Relc, Maughin and Jelaqua, a disgruntled Seborn, Bevussa, Selys, and all the other friends and guests dug in their money pouches. After all, it was entertainment.
 
—-
 
That was Erin’s tale. But while she was being humbled and being normal, a second story, or rather, an anecdote played just outside her inn. But because it was Grimalkin, it was upgraded into a full narrative of his own. The Drake stretched his arms out as the Horns of Hammerad faced him.
“You’re really going to teach us magic?”
“That’s what I said. Should I repeat myself?”
Grimalkin sighed. He looked at the Horns. Ceria and Pisces exchanged a glance.
“Why?”
