6.38
Page 0

The sun was rising on another peaceful day in Liscor. The birds were singing, the flowers growing. Although, it had to be said, the native population of Ashfire Bees that normally pollinated the entire Floodplains area was trapped in a cavern and thus the reproduction rate of Liscor’s ambient flora might well half itself in the near future with the loss of a keystone species.
And the only reason the birds were alive was because a certain Antinium Worker wasn’t perched in his tower, happily sniping down anything with wings. In that sense, the peaceful day actually lacked the pleasant birdsong followed by the thwap of a bowstring and a terrible squawk for it to be completely regular.
But it was peaceful. And if things were different, well, they were the same in some areas. A single Ashfire Bee greeted the day as she buzzed from flower to flower inside The Wandering Inn, pollinating and getting happily high off the nectar. And there was a Worker on the roof of the inn. He had a hammer, a tin filled with nails, and a purpose.
He was laying down a roof on the rebuilt third floor of the inn. The frame had been created, the floor laid, but the roof had yet to be finished. So this Worker had been assigned to his duties at dawn by Belgrade; he had clambered onto the roof with a large supply of roof tiles, copper nails, and begun hammering them into place.
The Worker had no safety belt, or gloves. Or anyone to spot him. And he was three stories up, balancing on the thin frames while he used all four hands to laboriously bring tiles over from the roofed section of the inn, balance them on a crossbeam, hammer them into place, and not tumble to his death if he so much as took a step backwards.
All things considered, this was one of the safer jobs he could have been asked to do in service of his Hive and the Worker was content. He was no Individual, or even Autonomous, the new class below Individual. He hammered in his last roof tile, carefully overlapping it with the last one so water would flow down unimpeded when it rained, with no chance to leak into the building below. He was working hard, and precisely. Water could not be allowed inside the inn. That was a bad thing. And that was all the Worker thought about.
Aside from the fact that he needed new tiles. The Worker looked up and saw them, in a large basket balanced a dozen feet to the left. He would have to get up, transport more over, and begin hammering again. It was inconvenient and slow, but the Worker was alone and a job was a job. So he got up, balancing carefully so as not to tip over the edge of the roof and die—
And a roof tile soared out of the basket, through the air and landed right on top of the next spot in front of the Worker. He stared at it, and then looked around. The roof tile had flown! And it was right in the next spot where he needed to put the roof tile. Just like that. The Worker stared at the tile. He stared at the basket.
Normal [Builders], or rather, non-Antinium, would have stopped to ask questions. They would have looked for a [Mage], maybe stopped working to check if they had company. At the very least, they would have made a verbal comment. But this Worker wasn’t about to panic or ask questions. He was a [Roofer]. He saw a tile? He hammered nails into it.
