6.38
Page 23
Erin smiled desperately as the [Alchemist] paused, with one claw extended towards his tongue. Xif blinked at her, and his usually befuddled, look focused as he blinked two brown eyes at her.
“Octavia? Hm. Oh yes, the young [Alchemist]. I was there for that. But ah—perhaps in a moment. I’m truly more interested in these flowers, Miss Solstice. I caught you making—was that a drink?”
“Oh, that? The Faerie Flower drink! Good for making you think about what ails you! I’m working on the tagline. Uh, yeah, I’m thinking about selling it, but it’s sort of strong! The flowers are strong too, really. Actually, they have a few uses! But I wouldn’t want you to get hurt or something.”
Erin shuddered as she recalled trying the nectar and having her Alice in Wonderland freak-out. Xif raised his brows.
“Really? Multiple uses? Well, I’d love to experience each one. Unless it makes your fur fall out? Hah! But that’d be an improvement in my case, wouldn’t it?”
He grinned and Erin smiled despite herself. Still, she couldn’t help but feel slightly possessive over the flowers. They had been a reward, of sorts, for her Frost Faerie banquet. That had been real magic. Her magic.
Of course, Lyonette had urged Erin to sell the flowers to Xif if he wanted them. The [Princess] had gold coins for eyes these days. Erin sighed.
“They don’t make your fur fall out. They do do weird things to you, like uh, make you see things or go to sleep—then again—the Faerie Flower drink might be my thing. I have a Skill.”
She frowned at the flowers. That was a good point. Had she ever let anyone else try making the Faerie Flower drink? Erin had [Wondrous Fare]. What would happen if Lyonette copied her? Would it be like Octavia? Now she had questions. So did Xif. His eyes lit up as Erin described the flowers.
“Really? Multiple effects without combining with a magical base or other ingredients? You just added that into the alcohol—these flowers are fairly powerfully magical then! I thought so! Amazing! What species are they? Where did you get them from? I’ve never seen the like! Has Miss Octavia tried using them?”
“No, I—they’re from far away. Gifts! They were a gift. And I haven’t let Octavia try to use them.”
Guiltily, Erin realized that was something the [Alchemist] could have used. But—these were special flowers. Not even of this world. Xif frowned.
“I see. They’re special. Hmm. But with what you’ve said—Miss Solstice, I must buy them from you. New, highly magical ingredients? I’d shave off all my fur and walk around naked like Saliss before I turned up an opportunity like this! Come to it, he’d put on clothes for a month for these! How much for one planter box?”
He eagerly pointed to one of the boxes of flowers. Erin hesitated, and saw Lyonette’s head whip around. The [Princess] hurried over.
“If you want a box, we have plenty! We could sell maybe—”
“No.”
Erin brought Lyonette up short. The [Princess] opened her mouth, but Erin overrode her and Xif. She smiled at the Gnoll [Alchemist], but firmly shook her head.
“I’m sorry, Xif, but these aren’t for sale. They were a very important gift and—well, I’m not selling them.”
Lyonette stared at Erin, horrified. Xif looked appalled too.
“Miss Solstice, these could be a wonderful boon to [Alchemists] everywhere. A powerful antidote, a life-saving reagent in a potion—they could be the Eir Gel of alchemical discoveries!”
“Exactly! And we don’t use many now the Ashfire Bees are gone. Let alone your drinks…Erin, can I speak with you for one second?”
