6.38
Page 3
“Excuse me, may I have more acid flies in my bowl?”
It was the beginning of another day at The Wandering Inn. The fact that no one even looked surprised was a sign of how far the madness had spread.
 
—-
 
Ten minutes later, a shamefaced Erin, Mrsha, and Relc had swept the wreckage of the furniture into a corner of the inn. Lyonette propped her hands on her hips.
“What have we learned?”
Erin raised a hand.
“So I can do about three tables, uh, ten roof tiles, and five chairs in one go. After that, my Skill stops working.”
“Yup. Pretty awesome. And I can break a table with my stomach.”
Relc scratched his neck, grinning. Mrsha nodded until Lyonette stared at her. The [Princess] sighed. Erin grinned sheepishly.
“Aw, come on, Lyonette. At least we know my Skill has limits! And hey! I’ll fix the table and chairs when my Skill comes back to life!”
Lyonette gave her a reproving glance and gentle head-nod to Mrsha. Don’t encourage her! But she relented with a slight smile in the end.
“It’ll save a lot of money if we just save the broken parts and let you rebuild them later. Not to mention broken windows, mugs—can it do stains too?”
“Maybe? Let’s check after this. But I bet not. It’s reconstruction, not uh, stain-removal.”
“Good to know we still have a job, right?”
Drassi commented as she swept by with a broom, getting the last splinters. Erin laughed. Relc nodded, looking satisfied. Then he glanced at Erin.
“Hey, are you going to open the door to Pallass yet? Grimalkin said he had all those weights you mentioned, and I want to try them out.”
“In a bit. I want a peaceful morning. Which is why the door stays closed! Until around late morning?”
Erin looked at Lyonette for confirmation. The [Princess] nodded.
“We need to replenish our food stocks. Which means you’re cooking, Erin. Mrsha and I will go to the park in Liscor. And the Players of Celum want practice. More importantly, we can’t handle so many people all at once. So the door to Liscor stays closed. No crowds unless they come here on foot. And they’re not allowed into Pallass either—not until the sun’s three quarters of the way up!”
She pointed at Temile on stage with his [Actors] and then at the window. Erin nodded and sighed. She wanted to open the door right now, but Lyonette had a point. Two full days of the door being open to Pallass had made a small fortune for The Wandering Inn, but also a lot of work. Relc looked disappointed, but the day-staff including Ishkr and Drassi looked relieved at Lyonette’s pronouncement.
“You’re the boss, Lyonette. For now.”
Erin tried to look threatening. Mrsha just raced around her. The Gnoll was excited, and signaled as much with her paws.
Pat chest, smile, running motion with closed paws. Then—one arm crossed, two paws folded against head to show napping. Lyonette and Erin interpreted this.
“You like being busy, but…it’s tiring?”
Mrsha nodded happily and made a thumbs-up. Erin laughed with delight.
“I understood that too! I agree, Mrsha. It’s hectic, what with the election in Liscor and Pallass and stuff. But The Wandering Inn’s never been more crowded! Which means we’re making money, right Lyonette?”
The [Princess] had to smile at that.
“We are. And I think we can actually afford some big changes. As well as buying Mrsha some new toys. And maybe some clothes?”
The Gnoll looked excited at the former, annoyed at the latter. Erin regarded Mrsha.
“She is naked, right?”
