6.38
Page 21
“Fascinating. Using elasticity as…you know, I saw String-People doing something like that when I looked into how they built themselves. Of course! And that’s far more portable than—”
He caught himself and narrowed his eyes again.
“And you just recalled that. Just now.”
Erin grinned sheepishly at Grimalkin and shrugged. He eyed her, and then smiled.
“A pleasure doing business with you, Miss Solstice. A training session it is! One. For those two [Mages]? I’ll gladly teach Miss Strongheart some techniques free of charge. She cannot be allowed to go to waste.”
He gestured at the Horns and Garia with one claw. Erin spluttered.
“One? But Ceria said she’d have to learn from you for at least a week to learn a Tier 4 or Tier 5 spell—”
“Who said anything about spells? I’ll check on their fitness, their aptitude, recommend how they should progress—it’s actually quite effective. I am an expert [Mage], after all. If those two have any holes, I will fix them. [Necromancer] or [Cryomancer]. Of course, teaching them spells will require more time, and if they have any significant flaws, I’ll need to remedy them.”
“But you said one training session—”
“Well, until you come up with another splendid idea for me to work on. I’ll take them in advance. Resistance bands, indeed. Any more training techniques? Other weights?”
Grimalkin peered down at Erin. She could only splutter in reply. After a second he nodded.
“Well then, one session it is. More to come, on condition of course. And if you have any more requests, feel free to seek me out with appropriate payment. I take ideas, artifacts, chance encounters, or whatever else you can manufacture.”
He waited. Erin stared at him, and then, flustered, looked around.
“L-Lyonette? Get me the Faerie Flowers and a mug of ale!”
The [Princess] came over as Erin rushed over to the windowsill. Xif, watching the end of Pygmalion, looked up with interest as the two fussed over a mug and came back to Grimalkin. He watched, arms folded, never taking his eyes off Erin. She offered him the mug, grinning weakly.
“Uh, want a Faerie Flower drink?”
“What’s it do?”
The Drake eyed the mug. Erin bit her lip and looked at Lyonette. The [Princess] had caught wind of what had gone down and was looking amused. Erin weakly shrugged.
“If you have a horrible trauma, it might help? It’s uh, one-of-a-kind, I think. Sorta.”
Grimalkin considered the mug.
“No thanks. My traumas aren’t that significant. Anything else?”
“Nothing I can think of.”
Erin locked gazes with Grimalkin. After a second, the Drake nodded. He smiled at her.
“Well, then, one session it is. I’ll do my best of course. I’d love to jog your memory.”
He nodded at Lyonette and strode through the crowd, avoiding touching everyone with ease. Erin bit her lip and Lyonette laughed.
“Someone actually figured out you were manipulating them behind the scenes, Erin?”
The [Innkeeper] shrugged ruefully. She wasn’t so much upset at being found out as embarrassed. Grimalkin had treated her like some kind of calculating manipulator! Which she wasn’t. Okay, sort of, but—
“He’s smart. Damn. And he wants me to give him more ideas and stuff—or introduce him to people or he won’t train Ceria and Pisces! I really wasn’t going to manipulate him into helping them—”
“Sure, Erin.”
“I wasn’t! I was just, you know, going to make them all get along? He was interested in Yvlon’s arms and I thought—gah! Never mind! Now he wants me to pay him!”
Erin waved her arms, still red in the face. Lyonette stopped smirking long enough to look interested.
“Do you have anything to bribe him with.”
