6.38
Page 24
Lyonette tugged on Erin’s arm, frowning hard. But Erin was unmoved. She thought of Grimalkin and his announcement that Pallass’ army would be using weights. That was one thing. But this? She hesitated. Life-changing medicine? But some selfish part of her, childish, made her shake her head again.
“No. I’m sorry, but no. Lyonette, that’s final.”
She put her foot down. It was hers. Her magic, however small. Xif looked crestfallen. Lyonette looked like she was going to have a heart attack. Erin relented a touch.
“What if I sold you the petals and nectar and stuff? I’d be okay with that.”
Xif frowned and scratched the hair on his chin, but the Gnoll shook his head. He bent down and eyed a flower sprouting from a bulb and then shook his head.
“As tempting as it would be—I think I would rather have the flower, Miss Solstice. An entire flower, rather. You see, it’s not just about the ingredients. Call it the [Alchemist] in me, but these are too…how long have you grown these flowers?”
Erin shrugged.
“A few months. Since winter.”
“I see. And these have germinated like this?”
Xif indicated the short flowers. Erin nodded proudly.
“That’s right! We replanted them as they kept growing. I only had a handful, but they multiplied and Mrsha looked after them with Lyonette…why?”
The Gnoll mumbled to himself. He peered at each flower, and then nodded slowly.
“They’re all the same.”
“Excuse me?”
“I mean, they don’t have any characteristics of full-grown plants. No reproductive elements.”
He looked up at Lyonette and Erin’s blank faces.
“Haven’t you seen dandelions turn into the white fuzzy seedpods? Or witnessed grass growing seeds? These are to grass and dandelions. Short, unmatured. That they can still reproduce is no surprise; many plants can do that. But they’re not fully developed. And if it’s been months, there may be another trigger.”
So saying, he straightened and tapped the planter box in front of him. Xif looked seriously at Erin.
“I don’t believe they’re fully grown, Miss Solstice. In fact, I’d stake my best potions on that. I’d like to ship these to a friend in Oteslia. Their [Gardeners] are the best in the world. If anyone could ascertain the exact nature of this plant, it would be them. Your price?”
Erin’s jaw dropped. Not fully grown? She looked at the flowers, but—come to think of it, Xif was right. Erin did know what he was talking about. The Faerie Flowers could just be flowers but they were just stalks with blooms on the end. They had no flowers. No seeds.
Xif was right. And yet, Erin still hesitated.
“Maybe. But I want to keep my flowers, thanks.”
She didn’t know why it mattered so much to her. In fact, she was beginning to regret her stubbornness, except for the idea in her head. She could try growing the flowers herself. And when she found out if they evolved or something, sell them to Xif. Octavia could corner the market! She’d give some to Octavia to make up for ignoring her.
Xif frowned, as if reading Erin’s thoughts. He sighed, looking at the flowers, and then looked sternly at Erin.
“I understand your desire to keep what’s yours, Miss Solstice. Drakes are very much like that. But you realize, these flowers are invaluable as a new discovery to me. And if they are as valuable as I think, I’m afraid I’ll have to make you an offer you can’t refuse.”
Erin felt a chill down her spine. She took a step back from Xif as Lyonette stiffened. Erin’s hand instantly went for her belt.
“You’re threatening me?”
She couldn’t believe it! And neither could Xif! He looked horrified as she placed a hand on the kitchen knife Pelt had made.
