6.38
Page 18
The young woman blinked at him.
“I—thank you! I’m Garia. Garia  Strongheart. Are you a [Martial Artist] by any chance?”
She grasped Grimalkin’s claw and shook it. He grunted. [Enhanced Strength]? She was strong! What a treasure! At her age, she had the potential to be a real [Mage]. He was about to say so when Erin slid into the conversation.
“Grimalkin’s not a [Martial Artist], Garia. But he’s a [Sinew Magus]! He does magic—with his muscles! Or something like that. Hey! Do you know martial arts, Grimalkin? Oh—this is Fals, by the way. He’s a Runner too. They’re both from Celum.”
She indicated the young man. He grinned weakly up at Grimalkin, staring at a bicep.
“A pleasure, Mister Grimalkin? I run with Fals. You’re from Pallass? The Pallass?”
He looked dumbstruck as he stared around the inn. Grimalkin nodded.
“I’ve dabbled in martial arts. Not my forte. But I’ve travelled the world. Visited [Knights] training in Terandria, bald-headed Humans with fists like iron, Drathians, Chandrar’s population in Pomle—you should see Selphid [Martial Artists], absolutely deadly. I didn’t know there were any in Izril.”
“I wasn’t taught by one. At least—I don’t think Ryoka was very high level. But I’m dying to learn more techniques and Ryoka’s in the far north! I’ve been leveling up like crazy—I want to see how strong I can be!”
The young woman flexed a thin arm and Grimalkin narrowed his eyes. She’d definitely changed her body structure recently. He could almost extrapolate how she’d looked before now. But it was Garia’s words that lit a fire in his heart. He spoke carefully, trying not to shout.
“Young woman. You would be wasting your talents if you were just a [Martial Artist]. No—I will admit, they’re a fearsome class. But I would be remiss if I didn’t tell you to become a [Mage]. Like me! You clearly have a powerful foundation. [Enhanced Strength], am I right? And I assume—[Weight Control]?”
Fals and Erin blinked, but Garia’s eyes widened. She hesitated and almost reflexively covered her stomach.
“How did you know?”
“It’s obvious to me. But please—hear me out. I’d be delighted to talk about [Martial Artist] techniques with you, but you must join one of my classes and see my curriculum. I’ve studied strength, and there’s more to a powerful swing than just the muscle in your arm. If you’ll allow me, I’d like you to listen. [Martial Artist] or [Mage], you owe it to yourself to rebuild your body.”
Grimalkin held his breath. Normally here was where most people started edging away, but he had a good feeling about Garia. And the way the young woman’s eyes lit up was everything he wanted to see. Garia looked at Fals and Erin before nodding.
“I do. Tell me everything, please! About martial arts and…”
The [Sinew Magus] exhaled. It was moments like these he lived for. He smiled and tried to come up with the most concise summary of his life’s work possible. And Erin Solstice had given him the terminology as well.
“Ah! Well, let me tell you, it’s all about the…core. Yes, the core. And I’ve made it my life’s work to develop a regimen that creates a strong body in as short as time possible. Now, you may stop excreting during the first few weeks of training, and I have had it compared to torture, but the results are so immediate that the elite regiments of Pallass’ soldiers come to me for a basic fitness regimen…”
 
—-
 
Grimalkin and Garia stood in a corner of Erin’s inn, discussing everything muscle-related with such avidness that Erin couldn’t keep up. But that didn’t matter. Her job was done.
