6.38
Page 20
“No, hold on, that was all coincidence! I mean, it was sort of me knowing what Garia was like, but—”
Erin began to panic. She didn’t know why—it was all aboveboard! It was just people meeting people! But having the trick exposed felt risky. Grimalkin’s narrowed eyes confirmed that.
“I noticed the same thing with Maughin and my visit to Liscor. Coincidences turn into beneficial meetings for you. Pallass intercedes in Liscor’s election. I just happen to draw a crowd with a demonstration that helps your inn. This was calculated, wasn’t it?”
“No….okay, maybe. But hey! I—look, Grimalkin, I’m not saying you have to help Ceria and Pisces. But it’d be nice if you did? Maybe?”
Erin’s heart sank in her chest. Grimalkin was just staring at her. And there was a keen analysis running there that not many people gave Erin. She gave him her most wide-eyed look. And it didn’t work. He shook his head slowly.
“Incredible. And I didn’t notice it—or I paid it little mind until now. That’s not a Skill…or is it? You remind me of a [Senator], only highly effective at low-level dealings. Or one of the people who like to play shadow games, only on a smaller scale. Archmage Feor. Terandrian monarchs. I haven’t met Magnolia Reinhart, but she’s an apt comparison on Izril.”
That stung. Erin sucked in her breath.
“Um, thank you?”
“It’s not a compliment. I suppose it’s obvious in hindsight. Rufelt and Lasica do the same thing. But they’re experts at making money and being liked by all. And their manipulation is up-front. Honest. I see. Well, I congratulate you on the trick. Do it again.”
Grimalkin stared at Erin. She hesitated.
“Uh—what?”
He shook his head slowly.
“Unless I’m wrong, the entire purpose of me arriving here was to teach Miss Strongheart martial arts. Or was she bait? Let’s say that she was. Were you hoping to persuade me to teach your two [Mage] friends magic?”
“M-maybe?”
Erin looked to one side, flushing a bit. Her plan had been a bit more nebulous than that. But…Grimalkin frowned, then nodded.
“Very well. I’ll do it.”
“Really?”
Relieved, smiling, Erin looked up. Only to see Grimalkin extend a claw and flex it slightly.
“So do it again. Show me something I want.”
“Wait, what?”
The young woman frowned. Grimalkin eclipsed her frown with his own.
“I’m not in the habit of lending my abilities or expertise out for free, Miss Solstice. I realize that’s what friends do, but I consider you an acquaintance. So. You showed me a potential student. And you’ve delivered me a bunch of fascinating, unique training methods. Weights. What else do you have to offer me?”
“Hey! I gave you that all out of good will! I was being helpful!”
Erin spluttered red in the face. Grimalkin nodded.
“I’m quite aware. And it helped you a bit. I’m not accusing you of lying to me, Miss Solstice. If anything, I owe you a great deal. But let’s just say I’m open to the possibility that you’re holding something back that I might like. So. Do it again.”
He pointed at Garia. Erin wavered. She held up a finger. Opened her mouth to protest—and Grimalkin stared at her. The two locked gazes, unblinking.
Erin buckled first. She hesitated, and then scuffed at the floorboards, scowling. She’d meant to use this as a prod anyways. But subtly.
“Okay. Okay, there was this one thing…I saw this guy using like this rubber—er, elastic band. Like…two cords like this, see? And he stretches it across his chest, or pulls while rotating like this—”
She began describing a resistance band to Grimalkin. The [Sinew Magus]’ eyes widened.
