6.38
Page 7
He had two tapestries from Baleros on the walls, one showing the Iron Vanguard in a pitched sea battle, the other of some magnificent view from Baleros. It made Jelaqua ache for home. There was a marble plinth with a carved statuette of Xol of Ingrilt, appropriate given Maughin’s own size, far larger than the average Dullahan but shorter than a typical War Walker, a custom-forged battleaxe, a shelf full of books, made twice as large for him to read, a gloriously artistic platform showcasing the Dullahan’s pottery collection—the apartment was rich.
Jelaqua, looking into the pantries, saw that each one was enchanted with a preservation spell. She whisked together some eggs, poured them into a pan over a stove which had a magical fire spell that Erin would have loved to have, and added some bacon. Her taste buds, still fresh in this particular corpse, watered at the thought of the omelette. But that was only half of what Jelaqua was working on. She was also making a sandwich.
Just a sandwich. The Selphid was well aware of her cooking Skills, but some of the omelette was going to go into there, between some very fine fresh bread, some cheese—uh, what else did you put into sandwiches? She panicked a bit as she tried to remember. Adventurers usually went to sustenance over taste, and Jelaqua often had a body incapable of tasting anything. For a second she thought about going to Erin’s inn for help, but she caught herself.
“No, no. I’ve got this. You put…meat into sandwiches. Meat. Does he have bananas? Bananas are tasty. And hey—if he doesn’t like it—”
She hesitated. Jelaqua looked around Maughin’s apartment and stared at her hands. She was wearing a Drake’s body. And she was…well, she wasn’t not about to go and deliver a lunch to Maughin, who was working at the forge. And maybe stick around with him. And when he finished early, they’d, oh, go to Erin’s inn maybe. Or he’d show her more of Pallass.
“This is a thing, right? This is happening?”
Jelaqua pinched herself. She felt nothing, which meant she wasn’t dreaming. The Selphid looked around, and then craned her neck to see the ruffled bed sheets. She remembered last night and blushed orange.
“This is really happening?”
The Selphid touched her warm cheeks. She was so giddy she didn’t realize the eggs were burning. Then she yelped and began scraping the pan.
A few minutes later, Jelaqua nervously ate her eggs, staring at the vases. She was muttering to herself.
“Vases. He’s got good taste in them. I like pottery. I can like pottery. And we have lots in common. Tons! He’s from Baleros, I’m from Baleros—and we’re both into weapons…he really likes my personality. Aha.”
She laughed and blushed again. Happily, her tail wagging in her Drake’s body, the Selphid went back to preparing a lunch for Maughin. In the distance, she could hear the distant ringing of hammers through an open window. The forges weren’t far from Maughin’s home for convenience, and as the Selphid sighed and leaned on the window, she imagined it was Maughin’s hammer she was hearing.
She was not wrong. In his forge, Maughin was bending steel with his hammer, working faster and harder than his apprentices or fellow [Smiths] had seen him in a long time. To say he was motivated didn’t capture the smile on the Dullahan’s lips, or the way his head hummed as his body worked independent of it. Two of his Dullahan apprentices traded looks as they worked under his supervision.
