6.38
Page 6
The half-Giant looked towards the closed door, his eyes gentle. Seborn shook his head. Moore was romantic. Seborn was not. But it seemed to him—he looked up at Moore and thought his friend was hiding his true feelings well. Underneath his support of Jelaqua, there was more than a little envy. Jealousy, even. Seborn leaned across the table and poked Moore.
“I know you don’t like the idea. But you’re what, thirty one? I’m not having you sulk on the road if Jelaqua comes back smiling. Why do you keep waiting for someone to fall in love with you? There was that girl in Wales. That woman in Invrisil. That [Mage] from Wistram—just end it already. What’s the matter with buying—”
He stopped, because Moore looked truly hurt. The half-Giant shuffled and turned away from Seborn, looking embarrassed and hurt.
“It matters to me, Seborn.”
And that was that. The Drowned Man exhaled slowly and shook his head. He thought of Jelaqua last night, clinging to Maughin like a girl with her first love—which was what this was in some ways. And Moore, too afraid to smile at the women he fell in love with, to take a plunge. The Drowned Man sighed. The Halfseekers. Gold-rank adventurers and veterans in combat, and rookie [Sailors] on the seas of romance. He stood up after a second.
“Come on. Let’s walk with that damn wagon for today. The donkeys are still hitched to it, but it’s only a matter of time before a [Thief] or monster sniffs around them.”
Moore considered this and he relaxed slightly.
“Okay. Maybe we can find a stable for them. And come back tonight? I do want to have dinner with Mrsha.”
Seborn nodded without comment. The half-Giant doted on the Gnoll child. The Drowned Man walked towards the door, looking for Erin so they could warn her they were about to drain the mana from it. He sighed.
“At least we don’t have to listen to Jelaqua or wait for her to come back. I don’t need to hear Jelaqua talking about having sex or sitting on that Dullahan’s lap if they come back.”
Moore chuckled a bit.
“I’ll admit, she is graphic. Uh—Seborn?”
“Yes?”
“Is what she does—is that entirely—normal?”
The half-Giant blushed fiercely. Seborn looked up at him and wished he were miles away. On a boat. Fighting giant squid at sea was easier than this.
“No. Don’t listen to what she talks about. And don’t try it. Ever. Jelaqua’s a Selphid. Bodies are disposable. And this is probably tame for her. You don’t want to know what two Selphids do for fun.”
Moore nodded, his face and ears bright red. He and Seborn headed for the door and the Drowned Man sighed. It was longsuffering and for some reason, when Yvlon, sitting at her table, heard it, she felt a strange sense of kinship. Seborn adjusted the door, put his hand on it, and then heard Moore’s voice as the half-Giant leaned down and whispered.
“…So what do they do?”
 
—-
 
Four hundred miles south of the inn, Jelaqua Ivirith was humming as she tried to make breakfast. The large room and kitchen she was working in looked strangely oversized for her, and indeed, the building was one of the more expensive buildings on the ninth floor. But then, the owner needed the space and for the best or second-best [Blacksmith] in Pallass, so it had been customized for him.
The apartment was decorated in the Dullahan’s style, with the typical mix of refined station; showing your rank without being ostentatious about it. And since Maughin was of very high rank in the Dullahan community, and a [Blacksmith] himself—they were prized in Dullahan culture—he could flaunt like no one’s business.
