6.38
Page 15
“Ah, Miss Solstice. You’re here. Good. Can you tell me what the proper technique is for these weights? I think we have the standard down, but any unique positions or lifts would be appreciated. I was interested to see those squats and lunges you showed me. Anything you could add would be appreciated; I’m making a routine. I want to be able to use these weights to train every muscle group possible. Arms, legs, and the core you mentioned.”
Grimalkin turned immediately to Erin, as serious as could be. Erin blinked, but she nodded.
“Sure! I don’t know everything…or much, because I didn’t really work out, but I remember some things. Uh, a lunge—can I use the bar without weights? Thanks. A lunge looks like this, I think. And I saw a dude put a weight on his chest and do sit-ups with it once—”
The muscle [Mage] snapped his claws.
“Of course! Keep going, keep going.”
He watched as Erin clumsily showed him all the lifts she knew, and then took the bar, added some weights, and executed flawless versions of her clumsy demonstrations before letting Relc and Ferkr try.
The [Sinew Magus] seemed to know what muscles each workout affected almost instinctively. Erin supposed that was appropriate given his class, but she was very impressed nonetheless. After nearly half an hour of running through exercises, Erin wiped off sweat from her brow and grinned at Grimalkin.
“Hey! That was a workout! And I was just showing you how to do stuff! This’ll be a great for your classes, huh?”
“My classes, and Pallass’ army if I have my way.”
Grimalkin gave Erin an authoritative nod, which bothered her a tiny bit. She coughed.
“Well, yeah. But you don’t have to do that with the entire army, right? I mean, you’re just going to propose it—”
Ferkr looked up, blinking in surprise as she did a deadlift with Relc watching. Grimalkin’s brows shot up as well.
“Propose it? Miss Erin, I don’t think you understand. I just have to come up with a proper regimen, and put in the proper paperwork. Then the [Soldiers] will be working out with these weights.”
Erin blinked.
“Wait—but isn’t that for like, [Generals] to decide? Or [Strategists]?”
“Perhaps in other cities. But I’ve established myself as the expert in the field of fitness and training. If a Pallassian [General] wants to argue with me, I’ll happily slap sense into their skull. I know my business and I do have a formal rank.”
Grimalkin folded his arms. Erin gaped at him, but Relc chortled.
“What’s the surprise, Erin? Grimalkin’s Pallass’ best [Mage]! Right? I bet he’s fought in the army—they’ve definitely tried to conscript him. If he’s not on bad terms with the army, they’ll give him a rank. Otherwise he has to take orders from every two-copper [Lieutenant]. That’s how Drakes do these things.”
“Exactly.”
The [Sinew Magus] nodded. Erin gulped. Introducing weights to an entire Walled City’s army? Okay, that wasn’t part of the plan, but…she grinned weakly at Grimalkin.
“Well, that’s just great. I uh, I’m glad I could help out!”
“Of course. And I’m delighted for the aid you’ve given me, Miss Erin. Truly. I’ll repay you for all this information—no, for revolutionizing fitness in Pallass!—as soon as I can ascertain how much this is all worth. I will repay my dues. But I’ve taken three days out of my schedule and I think it’s time to get down to the business of trialing these weights on my students. Ferkr, pack up. We’re heading back to Pallass. Sergeant Relc, thank you for your help.”
“Aw, you’re packing up already? And it’s Relc, not Sergeant. I quit the army. Can I keep a barbell at least?”
