6.38
Page 26
Without another word, she hurried back into her inn and found a Drake in the crowd. Selys had heard the commotion of course, and when Erin explained what had happened, the newly-made [Heiress] gladly accompanied her over to Xif. Erin smiled sweetly at the [Alchemist], who coughed politely.
“I’m sorry about that, Miss Solstice. But it is one flower. And I meant what I said; it could save lives. At the very least, it could make a profit. And I’m nothing if not eager for that. In either case, you stand to gain greatly.”
Erin smiled sweetly at Xif.
“I know. And I know you’re being nice, but I don’t like being made to do anything. So…hey Xif! This is my friend Selys.”
The Drake shook Xif’s hand. She peered at Xif and the flower he had chosen that Lyonette was carefully excavating. It did have roots, small ones, but it was a plant.
“[The Avid Collector], huh? That’s a Skill that probably lets you complete your inventory as an [Alchemist]. Neat trick. I can do that too. [Everything Has A Price]. Hey Xif, how much for Erin’s plant?”
The nearby Drakes and Gnolls oohed. They were of course, listening in. Erin was entertainment, even if it was in this case, unwilling. Xif blinked and raised his brows. He stared at Selys. And then smiled.
“Mm. Two thousand gold pieces, yes?”
The Drake’s jaw dropped. So did Erin’s. Xif chortled at their expressions. He patted Selys gently on the shoulder with a toothy smile.
“If I only have one chance to take a flower like this, I’m hardly likely to sell it for less than what I bought it for, yes? Nice try, Miss Selys. But I’m good at appraising goods. And I deal with rich [Merchant] on occasion. Still, you have a wonderfully useful Skill, young lady. Much better than mine.”
Selys flushed, and Erin looked at Xif and realized she’d lost. He smiled apologetically at her and she began to get angry. Then she looked at the pile of gold coins and just felt defeated.
 
—-
 
“Lasica! Xif is bullying me!”
Erin slumped on the counter next to the [Chef]. Lasica paused in drinking from a bubbling concoction her husband had just served her from behind the bar. She eyed Xif, looked at Erin, and smiled.
“I heard. He forced you to sell those pretty flowers, didn’t he?”
“I mean…yes? And it’s a lot of gold! But he made me do it! And Grimalkin—”
Erin turned red as she remembered that exchange. Lasica raised one brow and Erin couldn’t help it.
“He saw through my clever ploy! Grimalkin, I mean.”
“What, by figuring out you were luring him here along with everyone else? Please, Erin. Rufelt, Xif, and I—even love-struck Maughin probably figured it out. Not that anyone’s complaining.”
“Wait, you knew I set all this up?”
Lasica laughed at the look on Erin’s face. She reached over and tapped Erin on the nose.
“Not at first. But it was obvious soon enough. Like Rufelt said—you’re a special type of [Innkeeper]. But did you really think we couldn’t tell we were being led to go along with your flow? What’s your Skill you’re using? [Crowd Control]? Something on top of that? Your inn just lights up with energy when you want it to.”
Erin bit her lip and flushed a bit. Lasica and Rufelt knew too? The Drake laughed again, but gently.
“I guess I was using some Skills unconsciously. But—I wasn’t trying to trick you all. It’s just that I knew if you came here, and Krshia and people from Liscor met you—it wasn’t a big plan! Sort of. I just wanted my friends to be happy.”
She mumbled into the counter. Lasica laughed and patted Erin affectionately on the head.
