6.38
Page 31
“Miss Solstice offered me her assistance. So I’ll correct any bad habits Wistram’s drummed into you. If you have flaws in your combat style, I will fix them, and teach you a few spells. If Miss Solstice comes through on her end. For now, I want to see what your capabilities are.”
“How generous.”
Pisces sneered back at Grimalkin. He’d gone back to contempt after their first encounter. The [Necromancer] flicked a hand and bones began to flow out of his bag of holding, arranging themselves into a Bone Horror.
“While I appreciate your superior magical abilities for now, Magus Grimalkin, what makes you think we’re not capable of teaching ourselves? Ceria and I have both made considerable progress in our personal studies.”
“Yeah. Considerable.”
Ceria flushed. Pisces had, with his ever-improving Bone Golems and late nights recreating them into deadlier forms. She…usually drank and relaxed with a bit of spellbook reading after a mission from the Adventurer’s Guild. Grimalkin didn’t look impressed as he eyed the Bone Golem, however. It was turning into the classic double-headed war bear. He pointed at it and spoke.
“If that’s supposed to impress me, it’s failing. I’ve seen [Necromancers] and you’re far from Az’kerash, Pisces. That may work for Silver-rank threats, but any decent [Mage] will just say ‘[Dispel Magic]’.”
The Bone Horror, which had been building upwards, fell to pieces. Pisces and Ceria gaped at the bones lying on the ground. Yvlon and Ksmvr looked up. The [Wounded Warrior] bit her lip, trying not to laugh.
“Pisces?”
“That was—I was in the middle of animating that! You wouldn’t be able to do that if I finished the spell!”
Pisces spluttered, face red. Grimalkin raised his brows.
“Which is why I cast it before you finished. Your animation time is slow. Do you really think an opponent would give you that space in battle? Or was that meant to be intimidating? I told you two. Show me your magic.”
He gestured at Ceria and Pisces. The two looked at each other. Yvlon and Ksmvr watched as the two put their heads together. Yvlon casually unsheathed her sword.
“Are we fighting too?”
“If you like. This is just appraisal. But I might as well study your teamwork. Use the sword, by all means.”
“It’s got a fairly powerful enchantment of [Weight] on it.”
Yvlon warned Grimalkin. Ksmvr had armed himself with his shortsword and Forceshield. Grimalkin nodded, absently watching Pisces pulling the bones back into his bag of holding. Ceria had drawn her wand and was swishing it back and forth with her skeletal hand.
“A sword’s only good if it touches me. Which it won’t.”
Yvlon sucked in her breath. Grimalkin fixed her with one eye.
“I’m no adventurer. But I am Pallass’ greatest [Mage]. I’ll defend that title to anyone who challenges me—I don’t see the rest of the [Mages] lining up to try. Miss Byres, right? Swing as hard as you want. I’ll praise your gonads at least.”
There was no response to that. Yvlon just pulled out her helmet and fastened it to her armor grimly. Pisces and Ceria were also gearing up. The [Necromancer] flexed one hand as Ceria lined up.
“Standard formation, guys. I’ll do my thing—Ksmvr, flank while Yvlon attacks. But give Pisces enough time to summon his Bone Horror and we’ll all go in.”
The other two nodded. Grimalkin sighed. He looked at Pisces.
“You’re not summoning your undead ahead of time?”
“If this were an ambush, I would have plenty of faith in the speed of my animation.”
Pisces sniffed. Grimalkin just studied the sky. He eventually looked back down when Ceria coughed.
“What? Begin when you’re ready.”
