6.39
Page 28
Briefly, yes, briefly, he felt guilty that he wasn’t sharing this with Pyrite. But Numbtongue had a sense that it took…at least eight hours to reuse his Skill to bring Pyrite back. And it was completely different from using Pyrite’s memories too. The other Hobgoblin was there, with his Skills and personality. It was amazing. Incredible.
Painful. Numbtongue resolved that if he could, he’d ‘treat’ Pyrite to at least one meal a day if he could. The Hobgoblin really loved fish; most Goblins did. But Numbtongue was sure he’d love meatloaf. And what might he say to Erin? What might he do? Numbtongue couldn’t wait—but as he was finishing his second plate, he realized Xif had finished with Octavia. And now the [Alchemist] was coming over to his table!
Numbtongue looked up warily. Xif smiled and nodded.
“Er, Numbtongue is it? May I sit?”
Numbtongue thought about it.
“No.”
Xif hesitated. He was halfway sitting, but he stood up after a moment and forced a smile. He looked at Numbtongue and the Hobgoblin remembered the way he’d recoiled from him when they first met. Of course, most people did that. That young woman named Garia had kicked him. Numbtongue was more embarrassed than anything else about that. But Xif…the Hobgoblin waited.
“I’d ah, like to make you an offer, Numbtongue. You are the first Goblin I’ve encountered, let alone Hobgoblin…forgive me, but would you be willing to part with some nail clippings? I notice yours are quite long and I’d be willing to pay for them.”
Xif nodded to Numbtongue’s hands. Reflexively, the Goblin covered his hand and stared.
“What?”
“Your fingernails. I’d like to buy them. Toenails too. I know some of my peers have looked into it, but I thought I’d ask since today seems to be a day of windfalls. Would you consider it?”
Xif smiled at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin thought he looked wary. If he shouted, would Xif run or throw a potion in his face? The Hobgoblin decided to just sit back and fold his arms. Xif sighed.
“I really would like to use them. For potions? It would earn you money as well. How much would you take for them?”
“One million gold pieces.”
Xif blinked. Numbtongue didn’t know if he’d used his Skill or not, but the Gnoll’s face instantly turned rueful. He regarded Numbtongue, and then looked knowingly towards the flowers in the beds on the far wall.
“I see. Well, I would be willing to pay a few gold pieces for your clippings if I could regularly acquire them. Do let me know if you change your mind.”
“Sure”.
Numbtongue sneered. Xif hesitated, but in the end, clearly disappointed, he moved away from the table. He sighed, and then brightened.
“Ah! Now where is that Mrsha child? White fur—is it magical, different from Gnoll fur, or just cosmetic? These are the questions.”
Numbtongue watched him hurry off, head turning. The Hobgoblin glared at his back and stuck out his tongue, as Erin sometimes did. It made Numbtongue feel better. He turned in his seat and realized Octavia was staring at him. The Hobgoblin jumped. She jumped too.
“Numbtongue, right?”
He nodded warily. Octavia gulped. She looked at him. Not afraid—how long had she known him? Since all five Redfangs had been here, that’s how long. Numbtongue felt a pang. The [Alchemist] looked like she had pain of her own. Her hands tightened over a few pages of messy, inky notes.
“I uh—I wanted to say thanks—”
“For what?”
Numbtongue looked blank. Octavia hesitated.
“Saving my shop? Chasing off those [Thugs]?”
“Oh.”
Numbtongue thought about it. Then he hesitated. What were you supposed to say? He remembered at last.
“You’re…welcome.”
