6.39
Page 37
“That’s why we spend so much time and money getting new ingredients, tools. Why we need money to invent new things, or find out our way of doing what other people do. So if I always seem like I’m trying to get as much money as possible—”
She paused and rubbed at one eye. Then she turned her head, away from the liquid below. Numbtongue heard her voice catch.
“I—I’m not a good [Alchemist]. Low-level, really. The matches were my big success, and Erin’s baking soda, I guess. Does she even use it? I guess in bread. No [Baker] wanted to try it. I leveled both times, faster than I have in…but I’m not nearly as good as one of the Pallassian [Alchemists]. Let alone Xif.”
She sniffed. Numbtongue saw her brush at her face, and then saw her wipe a bit of liquid. She stepped back before it could foul her potion. Octavia’s voice came out painfully now.
“I just want to be better. To improve. But it’s so hard. Sands and silks, I moved from Chandrar to Izril because I thought there’d be less competition. But here I am. In a city with four [Alchemists]. Well, two now. Jeffil’s arms are broken and Quelm’ll be in jail if he’s lucky. So it’s Mabel the Magnificent and I. I guess that’ll make things easier?”
Her voice was desperate and forlorn. And—lonely. Numbtongue sat on his stool, staring at the glowing liquid. He had no answer for Octavia. He couldn’t relate to most of it. Shops, business. Moving from a continent. But something he could say that was honest, that he understood.
“It’s hard not being strong. And getting stronger is hard. Leveling up is hard. Muscles only get so big.”
He thought of Grimalkin.
“Mostly they stop getting big. But it’s hard. Being weaker.”
“Yeah.”
Octavia sniffed. She plucked out an eye and wiped at the other one furiously. Numbtongue eyed the cloth eye. It was damp with tears. He stared at Octavia. She was very strange. Foreign. If you looked at her wrong, you’d call her a monster.
“Is it…is it good to have rare things? Rocks? Shiny rocks? Glowing rocks? Mana stones?”
He ventured a guess. Octavia laughed as she put her eye back into the socket and it became flesh and blood again.
“Mana stones? Of course! They’re the foundation of powerful potions! It used to be [Alchemists] used only them in potions since it was so hard to find other magical ingredients.”
“So…you used them?”
Numbtongue felt at his side. Octavia shook her head despairingly.
“You think I have the coin to buy mana stones? Well, if I’d kept my control over the matches, maybe.”
“Hm, What about…emeralds? Gold? Ooh, silver.”
Octavia smiled again, not looking at Numbtongue. She checked the healing potion, cutting a tiny part of her wrist and using the potion to heal it.
“Yeah, all of that. I’d rather sell it, but if I had enough money—you can use gold in some potions. Silver—it’s all about reactions. Finding a way to distill ingredients into other forms, mix them. Water, mixed with gold dust is just water and gold dust in the end. But there’s a way to meld the two together. And with that liquid…it doesn’t matter. Too rich for my blood.”
“But you could make a powerful potion.”
“The very best. Or maybe just another weak one. We don’t know. Rare ingredients are rare for that reason. But I’m willing to bet some of them, with the right boosters and combinations? They could make something no one’s seen before.”
Octavia looked longingly at the plain, glowing potion in front of her. With a sigh, she added three drops of coloring and swirled it. The potion became orange and blue, swirling, an enchanted mixture. The Stitch-Girl caught Numbtongue’s eye and smiled weakly.
