6.39
Page 11
“Wistram may be the premier academy of mages, but they’ve lost all their true craft and magic to the Golems. They’ve neutered themselves for fresh bed sheets, clean-swept floors, and predictability. I told your Archmages that, but none of them besides Amerys and Viltach gave me the passing time of day.”
Pisces looked delighted at the [Sinew Magus]’s words. Ceria just looked shocked. The [Necromancer] leaned forwards eagerly.
“So you agree that Wistram is a shadow of itself, Magus Grimalkin?”
“Of course! Or haven’t you ever visited another academy of magic? Wistram still leads, but the gap is far, far narrower than it used to be. Take my school of learning. Fissival. Our Walled City may not have the illustrious history of the Isle of Mages, but we never lost our artifacts of old or our spellbooks. We train [Mages] for war or academia and in battle, ours tend to survive longer than most Wistram graduates. Although I will admit that academic [Mages] are common wherever you go. At least Fissival allows for [Scholars] and non-spellcasters. But I wasn’t ever a researcher.”
The Drake trailed off again, sighing. Then he looked around sharply and pointed at Ceria. She jumped and slopped more tea onto Yvlon’s bed.
“So. Why are you so half-done? Your foundation is excellent. But you don’t even know [Icy Spear].  If you graduated from Wistram, why did they let you leave? Or—didn’t you have a master? I’ve heard how brutal the academy is on some students. Don’t tell me they made you take basic courses all six years?”
Ceria swallowed hard and paled. She looked at Pisces and shook her head. Yvlon, knowing what was coming, sat back a bit in her chair.
“No. No, we were expelled. By Wistram’s Council of Mages. But we were allowed to graduate because um, Cognita, the Golem declared us graduates. But…”
She trailed off. Pisces lowered his cup and glanced at Ceria, and then quietly closed his eyes. He looked at Grimalkin and the [Mage] glanced quizzically at him.
“It was my fault. I committed an error in judgment. However, I was always planning on leaving. I was…revealed as a [Necromancer]. But to be brief, the entirety of the tale is this. Ceria’s master was—”
“Illphres. Illphres, the [Ice Mage].”
Ceria breathed the words. And the look in her eyes was sad and cold. Grimalkin frowned. He listened, and so did Yvlon. The tale of the days the two had spent in Wistram was one she’d heard from them once, on the ride back from Celum to Liscor. Hearing the abbreviated version again didn’t make it any last tragic.
An academy managed by Golems. Cognita, the Truestone Golem and the test to reach the higher floors. Pisces, the young, popular talent exposed as a [Necromancer]. Illphres, the expert [Ice Mage] who’d taken Ceria in. The test that had claimed the lives of Illphres and four other senior [Mages]. Pisces animating their corpses to rob the grave of Archmage Nekhret. Death. Judgment. Expulsion.
“Montressa. Beatrice—our friends. And Calvaron. He died there too.”
Ceria shook her head, her expression bleak. It was the past. And yet, Yvlon knew all too well, the past could cut you in the present with a knife as sharp as memory. Grimalkin stared at her and Pisces and his impatient expression flickered.
“You two were the students at the heart of that incident? The one with the Specters?”
Ceria and Pisces looked up.
“You’ve heard of us? Wait—you know about that day? The Council and Archmage Feor told people?”
Grimalkin snorted.
