6.39
Page 29
He stared at Octavia. She stared back. Numbtongue realized that was the first time someone besides Erin or Lyonette had ever thanked him for anything. The sensation felt…odd. But good. Octavia smiled weakly.
“Hey, come to my shop and I’ll treat you to a few potions. On the house. Not that I have much of a career. Lots of…trouble. But I’ll pull myself up. I’m really grateful to Erin. I—”
She broke off. Numbtongue and Octavia looked around as someone started screaming outside. It sounded like…Ceria? Numbtongue grabbed his sword, but no one else was moving. Some people went to the windows and laughed. On the basis of that, the Hobgoblin relaxed a bit. So did the [Alchemist].
“Always something in Erin’s inn.”
“Mhm.”
Numbtongue nodded absently. He looked at Octavia and then pointed at Xif. The [Alchemist] was bending over, talking to Mrsha.
“Who’s that?”
“Xif? He’s an [Alchemist]. Really high-level. One of the best in…the world? Pallass is known for its alchemy. His potions are leagues beyond anything I could come up with.”
Octavia looked jealously at the Gnoll’s back. Numbtongue grunted.
“I don’t like him.”
He crossed his arms. Octavia glanced at him.
“Why? Because he made Erin sell him a flower? There are a lot nastier ways he could have done it. And he offered you gold for your nails. Why not take it?”
“Because they’re my nails.”
“You know he could get Hobgoblin nails from…”
“Yes.”
Octavia trailed off. She cleared her throat.
“Sorry.”
Numbtongue shrugged.
“For what?”
The [Alchemist] didn’t have anything to say to that. Silently, she and Numbtongue watched as Xif solemnly shook Mrsha’s paw and handed over several gold pieces. Her look was envious. Numbtongue still was fuzzy on the money thing—mainly because he didn’t really care—but he knew that Xif was a lot wealthier than Octavia. More successful. Numbtongue knew how that must feel.
“I should go back to my shop. I won’t get anywhere if I keep running.”
Octavia muttered. She was staring at the notes. Numbtongue nodded. That seemed like a correct statement. He saw the [Alchemist] getting up, staring nervously at the open door to Pallass. Numbtongue had a thought and remembered what she just said. Casually, abandoning the two licked-clean plates, he stood up too. Just in time for Erin to hurry over.
“Hey guys! I’m going to have Pawn and Belgrade build a big hot tub! Want to get in? The water’s fine! Hot, but not as hot as Ceria’s!”
She beamed at them. Numbtongue blinked.
“Hot…tubs?”
Erin nodded. She had to explain the idea to him, then she turned to Octavia.
“What about it? You’re both invited! Bathing suits of course; no skinny dipping! Want to come, Octavia? Numbtongue?”
“No, I—I might go to my room. Upstairs. I’m thinking about visiting my shop later tonight. If that’s not a bother, Erin?”
Octavia mumbled. Erin shook her head.
“Of course not! Just say when—but we’ll have the Horns or someone go with you! Just in case those jerks come back! You’re sure you and Numbtongue don’t want to try…?”
Erin hesitated as she realized who her audience was. Octavia was a Stitch-Girl, made out of fabric which was flammable and probably didn’t like getting wet. Even if it looked like Skin. And Numbtongue was a Hobgoblin and there were a lot of people outside. Erin nodded.
“Okay, we can work it out later. Hey! Xif! You need a bath!”
She wandered off. Numbtongue and Octavia watched her pull the [Alchemist] towards the door, and then Chaldion, who gladly came with a large tumbler of alcohol, and close the door. After a moment, Numbtongue looked at Octavia. She smiled weakly.
