6.39
Page 41
 
That was all. It wouldn’t stop stones or stares, but Numbtongue was good at catching and throwing and he could stare right back. And there he was. A Hobgoblin in a city. It wasn’t Liscor. But it was pretty good.
And as the Hobgoblin played, quietly, sitting in the dark of the night, the person, or rather, people who were in a position to read the sign crept closer. And one of them, a man, drew a long, curved knife, coated in a dark orange substance. He crept towards the shop, and paused. Just in time to hear the faint music playing. Then there was a flash.
A bolt of lightning shot down from the sky. It landed in the city, blasting a hole in the street, waking up Celum’s residents in fear and panic—until they looked to their windows and saw nothing was burning or collapsed and they relaxed. And their gazes missed the black body lying on the cobblestones.
The strike had flung the [Blackguard] across the street. He lay there, as the [Nightstalker] stared at his body in horror and then turned back to the shop. She saw two crimson eyes blinking at her, then a grin. The Sister of Chell backed away, towards her fallen companion.
Numbtongue was a bit miffed that the [Blackguard] was still breathing. His clothing was smoking, and the amulet on his chest was glowing white-hot—but he was alive. And even conscious enough to scramble to his feet after a moment. He looked around for his knife as the rain pelted him, and then stared towards Numbtongue. He looked at his companion as she halted, her own blades pointed warily towards the shop.
The pair stared towards the boarded-up front and the two flickers of red light. They looked up as thunder rumbled in the sky. A charge was building in the sky.
Goblins did not make threats. The two stared at the shop, and then ran into the night.
One last person disturbed the night and Numbtongue’s vigil. But he wasn’t nearly as bad as the first two. He strolled down the street, his hat slanted against the rain, humming a little tune under his breath.
A children’s song.
The man paused before the shop as the Hobgoblin stopped playing, and the two regarded each other for a moment. And then the man tipped his hat ever-so-politely and went on his way.
Numbtongue smiled. Living in a city wasn’t so hard after all. And when the dawn came, he got up, stretched, went into the inn and called on Pyrite. And here they’d both been ready to fight to the death. A shame.
Breakfast was meatloaf, special. And Numbtongue put the glowing, pink-red mana stone on Octavia’s counter. Then he went back to the kitchen while Octavia was puttering about, muttering about new prices and experiments. Numbtongue sighed, stretched out on the sleeping bag—
And he went to sleep.
