6.39
Page 26
 
While Ceria practiced her ice magic outside with Grimalkin, Erin’s attempts to convince Lyonette to install a hot spring in the new inn’s plans were derailed when she saw a familiar, quiet figure sitting in her inn. She stared, and then slapped her head and ran over to a Gnoll happily inspecting a flower in a cup at the bar.
Xif the [Alchemist] looked up warily, but after a moment, went over and went to speak with Octavia. Because Erin had asked him to, up front. He coughed as Octavia doodled on the table with one finger; she’d taken if off her hand by undoing the stitching. She looked up blankly as Xif smiled politely.
“Ah, Miss Octavia. Might I have a word? My name is Xif, and Miss Solstice invited me to chat with you. I understand you’ve had some trouble in your shop? I’d be glad to discuss the matter with you for a few minutes.”
Octavia jumped and blinked up at Xif. And then her eyes were round. She blinked, felt at her eyes, pulled one out, and then put it back in and stared at the Gnoll. She stuttered.
“X-x-x-Xif? As in, Xif the [Alchemist], the one who developed the modern cure-all basic antidote formula?”
He smiled kindly at her.
“I wouldn’t go that far. I just improved the formula. It was quite well-received, though. May I sit?”
“Of course! Please! Take my chair! Take his chair too!”
Octavia shot to her feet and began offering Xif every chair in reach. Numbtongue growled as she reached for a chair at his table, but Xif, chuckling, sat down and beckoned her to sit with him. Octavia did, staring at Xif wide-eyed over her empty cup and plate. She hesitated, and then burst out.
“I would love to exchange notes. Formulas? Apprentice myself to you and cook and clean up after you? Please?”
The Gnoll paused only for a moment before shaking his head.
“I’m afraid not, Miss Octavia. You know how we are with secret formulas and recipes. I don’t take apprentices and if I did—it would have to be someone with a Skillset outside of mine. If you do have any unique Skills, I’d be willing to discuss it. Ah—for reference, I’m specialized in plant work. [Poison Immunity] and [Perfect Reduction] would be some of my focused Skills. And you?”
Octavia hesitated. She lost her sudden burst of energy and looked down at the table, flushing behind her dark, stitched skin.
“[M-Magic-Water Solvent]. And…[Mineral Distillation].”
Numbtongue, listening with one ear to the conversation as he ate an entire plate of macaroni and cheese, heard the embarrassment in her voice. Were they bad Skills for an [Alchemist]? He turned his head and saw Xif smile again. Not condescendingly, but with a knowing look that told Numbtongue his guess was right.
“Ah, of course. Celum’s farm. Rocks and magical liquid. It’s a fine start, Miss Cotton, but I’m afraid it’s not worth my time to teach you. There’s no malice; I hope you understand? Erin Solstice herself couldn’t persuade me to take on an apprentice, not even if she sold me half her flowers. If she has two rare ingredients though…”
“No, I understand. I’m sorry, I just—I’d offer anything to study under a master. I…uh, has Erin talked about my matches? I’m also studying this Haste Potion—I could show it to you—”
Octavia’s hands were fumbling nervously under the table. For a second time, Xif smiled apologetically and shook his furry head.
