6.39
Page 1
But that was Grimalkin. Yvlon got up, teeth gritted, and saw him. He was letting Ksmvr attack him from the side, blocking the shortsword with one claw while the other held back loosely at his side in a fist. Ksmvr’s rapid attack with shortsword slowed and Grimalkin punched. Yvlon saw Ksmvr block and heard a sound like thunder. The Forceshield the Antinium held rippled as the magical protection resisted the blow and he skidded back.
“I am unable to harm Grimalkin. Switching to Flamespread Dagger and arrow. Fleeing in cowardice!”
The Antinium shouted as he turned and ran away, sheathing his shortsword. Grimalkin barked a peal of laughter. He turned as Yvlon rushed at him from behind. Two-handed, the [Wounded Warrior] swung, lashing at Grimalkin’s body, going for speed, not strength. He twisted back, his feet moving across the grass, watching her blade and arms.
Casually. He was so relaxed! Not dismissive; he never took his eyes off her as Yvlon cursed and advanced, slashing faster. But that little part in her head was screaming at her. It was telling Yvlon two things.
One. She could understand Grimalkin, a bit. She could judge his strength, even if he was still in a realm above hers. And because she could, she knew how outclassed she was.
Someone as big as he was had no right to move that quick! But he was, and as he leaned out of the way of another slash, he jumped in and gave her a punch to her midsection that sent her stumbling back. Again, her armor caught the blow—
“Weak enchantment. If I hit it too hard, it’ll dent.”
The Drake’s comment made Yvlon pause. She lowered her sword too slow; he kicked her and she went stumbling backwards. And then she realized she was on the edge of the muddy hill.
Down she tumbled. Yvlon rolled, feeling her arms take the force of the fall. Something creaked—but Pisces’ bone reinforcement held. And she couldn’t feel her arms. The rest of her—hurt. But it was humiliation. And as Yvlon charged up the hill, she saw something else. Ice fragments. A shower of ice.
Yvlon held up her gauntlets, covering her helmet. An unlucky splinter could put an eye out! Only when the sound had faded did she look and see Ceria was running from Grimalkin, firing [Ice Spikes] at him. He was blocking them with a barrier spell of some kind; Yvlon could see the distorted air. Ksmvr was firing arrows at the back of Grimalkin’s head and he was ignoring them too.
“Ceria! Let me!”
The Human woman bellowed as she charged Grimalkin again. This time he pointed at her and she, realizing what was coming, tried to run sideways. The ray of frost hit her right shoulder; Yvlon swore as her right side went numb and heavy. But she ran on.
“This—”
Her swing hit Grimalkin’s barrier and she felt pressure, then her sword cutting through. The magic exploded with a pop of sound and Grimalkin stepped back. Ceria fired an [Ice Spike] at his chest. Ksmvr loosed an arrow from behind.
“Good! [Steel Hide]!”
The ice shattered on his front. The arrow snapped on his back. Yvlon looked up, raised her sword, and felt a hand grab the hilt. She struggled, but Grimalkin had both hands in one steely claw. He raised a fist and she braced.
“I’ve seen enough. Byres! Out! Antinium! Out! Alright, [Necromancer], Springwalker, show me what you two can do alone.”
