6.39
Page 30
“That’s Erin! I um, I’m going upstairs. Nice talking to you?”
She looked at Numbtongue. He blinked and her and then pointed at the magical door.
“Want to go?”
“What—to Celum? No, I wouldn’t want to trouble Erin. And the door has to be switched…”
“It’s not hard. I can do it.”
Numbtongue puffed out his chest proudly. Octavia hesitated. She looked around the busy inn.
“But the Horns are outside and I wouldn’t want to trouble anyone. If the [Thugs] are there—”
“That’s fine. I’ll go.”
Numbtongue poked his chest with a thumb. Octavia blinked.
“You? But—”
She halted as she looked Numbtongue up and down. He had his guitar, strapped to his back, and the steel sword at his side. And that was more than he’d had yesterday by far. After a moment, she nodded.
“Thank you. If you’re okay with it we can ask Lyonette. Uh—or wait for play to end?”
“Doesn’t matter.”
Numbtongue shrugged. Inwardly delighted, he shepherded Octavia over to the door. The citizens of Pallass and Liscor stared at Numbtongue and edged back. The Hobgoblin had a huge smile on his face. He looked around—and then reached out and slammed the door. Instantly, there was a roar of protest from the crowd in the inn, and, Numbtongue liked to imagine, an even louder one on Pallas’ side.
“Numbtongue! What’re you doing?”
Lyonette hurried over in alarm. The Hobgoblin scratched under one armpit casually.
“Going to Celum. With her.”
He pointed at Octavia. Lyonette hesitated. Octavia waved weakly, looking at the outraged faces.
“With her? But-”
Whatever Lyonette was about to say was drowned out by the people demanding the door be reopened. She looked around and grimaced.
“Okay! You have your guitar? And sword? I’ll check in five minutes!”
Numbtongue nodded. He adjusted the dial, opened the door, and walked through, head swiveling. Octavia hurried after him, and the door closed after a pause and went dark. Numbtongue stared around Octavia’s shop. It was dark, empty, the boarded-up windows leaking light, but he hadn’t spotted anyone. He sat down as Octavia looked around and breathed out, slowly.
“Thank you.”
“Sure.”
Numbtongue sat down, still looking around the shop. No matter how many times he saw it, the inner Redfang in him wanted to loot the precious potions off the shelves. They were so valuable! Erin had called Octavia’s potions ‘third-rate’, but to a Goblin, they were a priceless treasure. He pulled his guitar off his back and tuned it absently before glancing outside. The street was empty. But come to think of it, yesterday…
Numbtongue’s eyes narrowed. But he saw no one aside from a few pedestrians. Pyrite did have a thought, though, and Numbtongue agreed. He made a little plan, and was so engrossed in it and strumming a tune, he didn’t realize Octavia was doing something until he heard the clink of glassware behind him. The Hobgoblin turned his head.
Octavia paused as she set up some kind of apparatus behind Numbtongue. She smiled guiltily.
“Sorry.”
Numbtongue eyed the glowing jelly, the red-green herbs in liquid, powder, herbs, and all the other stuff she was setting up. He pointed.
“What’re you doing?”
Octavia shrugged self-consciously.
“Just—just making a healing potion. Something low-grade. It’s nothing. Not worth anything compared to what Alchemist Xif makes. Sorry. I’ll go back if you’re bored. Do you think Erin would let me bring some of this into her inn?”
Numbtongue shrugged. But his eyes were locked on Octavia’s equipment. She kept setting up after a moment, but she was clearly conscious of the stare. After a second, she coughed.
