6.39
Page 17
“Doesn’t every [Mage] who hears about it? Of course I did. And no disrespect to your master, but I imagine I have at least a few levels on her. If I did it, I thought, I’d bring the best team. One with the greatest [Mages] the world had to offer. From Fissival as well as Wistram.  But even if I took the best six [Mages] I know, I’d only give us a one in three chance of victory. And that includes Archmage Amerys and Viltach.”
Ceria swallowed hard. Archmage Amerys? She remembered her as well. And Illphres had said Amerys had more levels…she bit her lip, remembering Illphres’ last words. The way she smiled.
“Someone had to try. Someone—it wasn’t in vain.”
The look in Grimalkin’s eyes softened just a bit. He cleared his throat awkwardly.
“No. But as long as that monster guards Wistram, no [Mage] will pass that test. I guarantee it. The other Golems you could handle, at risk, and at cost. But Cognita? She’s stronger than all four of the others put together.”
“You know Cognita, then, Magus Grimalkin?”
Pisces’ voice was quiet. Grimalkin nodded, baring his teeth.
“Why wouldn’t I know her? Cognita, the Truestone Golem. She was made by a Drake. By one of our Archmages, less than three hundred years ago. Archmage Zelkyr was a genius who transformed the world and his creations live on to this day. Historically, Cognita walked Pallass’ walls. She fought against the Five Families—helped crush the foothold they established on our shores and killed two other Archmages in battle herself. You should look up her history. We have libraries, you know.”
He looked at Pisces and Ceria. The half-Elf shook her head. She didn’t want to think of Cognita. Pisces’ eyes were alight with interest.
“I’m aware of her history, Magus Grimalkin. But I also know that many artifacts belong to the Walled Cities, and in the vaults of the current Archmages. Two Archmages and yourself and you wouldn’t try? Ever? Was it just a matter of logistics or the others refusing?”
“No. I decided not to. Because of Cognita. Let me repeat myself. She killed. Two. Archmages. In battle. Back when Zelkyr walked the earth and [Archmage] was a class, not a title. No disrespect to your former master, Miss Springwalker, but I don’t blame any [Mage] for refusing to fight her. If I took every Gold-rank adventurer in your inn and threw them at her, she would probably finish the fight in less than five minutes.”
Fortunately they weren’t in the common room where everyone could hear. Grimalkin ignored the incredulous look Yvlon was giving him.
“Gold-rank’s nowhere near the level you need to be to hurt something like her. Even Saliss of Lights, our Named Adventurer—well, if he prepped, he might actually do her some damage. But once she caught him, he’d be dead too. I’m just surprised Wistram’s [Mages] are so comfortable walking around with a superior being judging their every move and their petty squabbling for the scraps of power she lets them have.”
Pisces’ eyes lit up. Ksmvr leaned forwards too, excitedly.
“Really? Is this Saliss truly that powerful? More so than you, Magus Grimalkin, by comparison?”
The huge Drake paused and for a moment, looked uncomfortable.
“Well, he’s a Named Adventurer for a reason. And he possesses one of the highest, if limited, combat potentials in the world. He is on my list of people who could kill me—if he took me off-guard. In a fair fight, I’d be prepared of course. But he’s still…”
He broke off, grumbling as he folded his arms. Yvlon frowned.
“You have a list of people who can kill you in a fight?”
