6.39
Page 33
 
“It’s really very simple. A Goblin could definitely make a potion if he had a few containers. Something clean; cleanliness is very important for alchemy. You never know what’ll react, so a bit of soot or dirt could have explosive effects. Especially with some of the more potent ingredients. That’s why you clean everything. With soap, and then you clean the soap out.”
Octavia explained as Numbtongue sat, watching her set up on one of her counters. The Hobgoblin nodded, committing everything to memory. Octavia was a little put off by the Hobgoblin’s intensity, to be honest. She loved alchemy, despite it all. Gold was a second love to the sheer joy you could have, but Goblins? And yet, Numbtongue took this more seriously than she did. He watched as she set up her ingredients and equipment with long experience and pointed.
“What’s that?”
“A beaker. I use it to boil stuff. It’s glass.”
“Why’s it look like a triangle?”
Octavia smiled.
“I used to ask my teacher that every day. You know what he told me? To come up with the answer on my own. It took me two years—you want to know what I eventually figured out?”
The Hobgoblin paused. His eyes flickered, and then widened.
“The…steam comes out less from the small opening.”
Octavia nearly dropped the beaker on the floor.
“How did—”
She saw Numbtongue grinning, pleased at his answer. Octavia had to smile herself.
“I was six! But yeah, that’s the reason. Also, because the wide base allows more heat to affect the mixture, see? You can also balance ingredients in some of the beakers—never mind. Here’s the foundation to any healing potion made in the modern day. Memorize it. Love it. Don’t touch it bare-handed unless you’re me and you can take your hand off.”
She placed something on the counter. Numbtongue peered at the jar full of glowing, orange-yellow gel. It had some fragments caught inside. Seeds, or bits of something. He stared. This time Octavia didn’t have to be prompted. She placed one hand on the jar proudly.
“This is Eir Gel. It’s a primary component of healing potions. Well, I say primary, but you can substitute it for a few other things. But Eir Gel’s very effective. And cheap! Older potions, hah, well, they used all kinds of stuff, but modern formulas work fast based on this stuff. It’s also extremely cost-efficient.”
“What’s that mean? Cost-efficient?”
Numbtongue scratched his head. Octavia frowned. He knew almost every word she said, but stuff like that stumped him.
“It means…you can also make a lot of healing potion with comparatively little. Good for selling. You see, a few islands around Baleros practically supply most of the continent with what they need—and there’s such a surplus since it’s so cost-efficient that you can get it even in Celum. Although it’s a lot more expensive since [Merchants] have to bring it inland—but look!”
She pointed. Numbtongue saw she was dabbing only a little into a jar full of water. Octavia had a measuring spoon and she put in one solid spoonful.
“That’s all?
“For the effect? Yes. I just mix it with water and I have a mixture. We do need to strain to get rid of the kelp and seeds. Poison needles if they’re in there too. But this is the essential stuff. It’s a base.”
“Base.”
Numbtongue savored the word. Octavia nodded.
