6.39
Page 16
 
Ceria’s ears were ringing. Grimalkin’s shout had actually made the windows rattle. He strode down the length of Yvlon’s room and then turned back and pointed at her.
“Testicles! Gonads! Wait, Human females don’t actually have them, do they? I don’t focus on reproductive organs, just muscle. Anyways. Ceria Springwalker! Your master was one of the few [Mages] to take on the so-called ‘test’ Archmage Zelkyr left behind, wasn’t she? I applaud her. She was brave. Truly brave! But foolish. I wish she hadn’t thrown away her life. If she hadn’t, you’d be twice the [Cryomancer] you are today. And she would be alive. But the testicles she must have had—I wish I’d known her.”
“Wh—but—she wasn’t a fool!”
Ceria felt both pleased and angry at Grimalkin’s comments at once. The [Sinew Magus] shook his head.
“She was. Brave! As brave as any [Mage] I’ve met to take on the test! But she was a poor master.”
“Take that back!”
The half-Elf flushed, in true anger this time, not embarrassment. She’d take Grimalkin insulting her all day—he was right, which was why it hurt so much—but badmouthing Illphres? She stood up, hand and skeletal hand clenched. Grimalkin didn’t bat an eye.
“I won’t. She was a fool. Or else, why would she have left her apprentice behind without so much as a spellbook? Any decent master would have arranged for you to get something, or have someone else teach you. She did neither.”
Ceria turned pale.
“She—I wasn’t her apprentice long. She probably forgot and we were expelled before I could ask about her things. But she was a great master! Illphres was—”
“A fool. And I don’t blame Wistram’s [Mages] for not trying the upper levels, even though I think it’s destroyed their potential.”
Grimalkin sighed and pulled a spare chair up. Ceria clenched her fists, but Pisces spoke up.
“I’d hope that you had more respect for the dead, Magus Grimalkin. Illphres and her comrades were trying to restore true magic to the halls of Wistram. Isn’t that a noble deed?”
Ceria breathed out. She looked at Pisces and saw his eyes were sharp on Grimalkin’s face. Not angry, just—looking. Grimalkin nodded.
“The cause is noble. The attempt is suicidal. Let’s be honest, you two former Wistram graduates. I’ve been to Wistram. I visit it every few years. And I’m familiar with Cognita. Moreover, I took a look at the ‘test’ Archmage Zelkyr left behind. Have you?”
He looked pointedly at Ceria. She hesitated and nodded silently. Her stomach was tearing itself into knots. Yvlon looked over from her seat and carefully rested a hand on Ceria’s shoulder. The half-Elf nodded gratefully at her. Grimalkin nodded as well, and his expression was dark.
“The test of Archmage Zelkyr. Defeat his guardians and pass. Four Golems plus your famous Cognita. The Armor Golem isn’t much, although it is exquisitely made. I could take that one down in theory, with the right preparations and some artifacts. But the magma creation? That thing made of metal? That invisible flesh-monster?”
He shook his head. Ceria started, recalling each in turn. Yvlon and Ksmvr just looked silently at her and Pisces and the [Necromancer] shuddered. Grimalkin kept going.
“I’ve seen advanced Golems fight, like the War Golems the Reinharts still use. Have you seen them? They can shoot beams of light, cast spells—no. You know, I thought about challenging the test myself, when I was younger and I thought it would make me a hero.”
“You did?”
Ceria looked up. Grimalkin nodded, smiling ruefully.
