6.39
Page 5
 
“There has to be some mistake, Magus Grimalkin.”
Yvlon protested as the Horns gathered around Grimalkin and the audience filed back indoors. The four adventurers stood with the [Mage] just outside The Wandering Inn, talking in privacy.
Well—moderate privacy—the line for the outhouses was still there, although the Antinium had added in two more spaces so five regular people and one Moore-sized guest could go at once, with comfortable space in between. Naturally, all five were standing well upwind and far from the outhouses. Grimalkin sighed as he dug the tip of one claw in an earhole.
“Didn’t you hear me, Miss Byres? I’m not accustomed to repeating myself! I said, your weak link, your poorest team member is your Captain. Ceria Springwalker.”
He raised his voice a few decibels and Yvlon winced. She looked at Ceria. The half-Elf looked stunned. And embarrassed. Yvlon frowned at Grimalkin.
“Magus Grimalkin. Er—that’s how I should be addressing you, correct?”
“As you wish.”
The Drake waved a claw as he stood impatiently on the balls of his feet. Yvlon nodded. Even standing still, Grimalkin managed to convey both energy and impatience.
“I appreciate you agreeing to help train our team—”
He held up a claw.
“Consult. That’s a better word for it. I have no interest in training your team, but Erin Solstice has expressed a desire for me to help you in her roundabout way. So as long as she provides me with the information I want, I will put aside some of my time to help your team out.”
“How generous of you.”
Pisces sneered as he stood furthest away from Grimalkin. He still looked peeved—no, almost competitive as he stared at Grimalkin. Yvlon assumed his ego was hurt after the beating Grimalkin had just given her team. She shot him a glare and he sullenly looked away. She wasn’t happy either, but this was an experienced [Mage]! The best in Pallass if you believed Grimalkin’s words.
“Were you born with that tone of voice, or do you always sound like a sulking child?”
Grimalkin glanced at Pisces and the [Necromancer] turned red. He opened his mouth and Grimalkin spoke over him.
“I’m just referring to your—”
“Do you think this is free? Or that I should be less than stingy with my time? How valuable do you think my time is, that I can take a few hours out of my day to train any adventuring team? Did you think, when I referred to myself as the ‘greatest [Mage] in Pallass’, I was being hyperbolic? I would be grateful to Miss Solstice for interceding. I would also shut up if I were you, Necromancer Pisces. Because I tolerate snide comments like I tolerate rats in my home.”
Pisces flushed again, but the reply on the tip of his tongue went unsaid. Grimalkin eyed him and went on.
“Good. Now, Yvlon Byres. I’m giving you my frank and professional opinion as someone who regularly consults with and trains [Mages], the elite units of Pallass’ army, and who’s fought in six wars over the course of his life on the front lines. If you have objections to my credentials or my abilities that you witnessed first-hand, feel free to voice them.”
He looked at Yvlon. She hesitated.
“It’s just that—Ceria’s our weakest link?”
She looked at Ceria. The half-Elf nodded hesitantly.
“I know we can all improve, and I know I’m not the best, but I thought that at my level—”
