6.39
Page 7
“Your leg muscles are atrophied! You think you can sit on your fattening ass and cast spells? Your [Ice Wall] is weaker than my toilet paper and you have no dexterity on your feet! Move and cast! That’s what my apprentices learn once they pass my basic physical baselines! The rest of your team can move but you hunker down like my grandmother on her death bed and rely on your magic to protect you. That. Is. Naïve!”
He shouted in Ceria’s face. The half-Elf blinked up at him and silently wiped spit from her face. Grimalkin poked at her chest.
“You lack firepower! I could have stood in front of you and let you hit me with [Ice Spikes] until my enchantment wore off. What can you do besides raise ice walls and cover yourself in ice? Sneeze at me?”
“I—uh—well, I can cast [Fireball]. With a wand.”
Ceria waved her wand weakly. Grimalkin’s eyes popped.
“Then do it! What are you, too good for fire spells? Or is your [Fireball] as weak as your arms?”
“It’s not the greatest around, but—”
“You need stronger magic! Otherwise, you’re filling no role against a stronger enemy other than bait and being a nuisance! Low-level enemies might be stymied by those [Ice Walls], but anything that can smash through them isn’t going to be slowed by an [Ice Spike]! Your team has one [Skirmisher] and he has an enchanted dagger, a Ring of Jumping, and the luxury of being Level 20! What’s your excuse?”
“I uh—well, I don’t have the spellbooks just yet—I’ve been looking into them and—”
“And? I see rapid weight gain here. Here. And here. You smell like alcohol and I saw you drinking and eating twice what I would have fed my apprentices and its lunch. You’re lazy. How many spells did you learn this month? Last month?”
“W-well…”
Ceria turned beet red. Yvlon looked at her and remembered. Ceria’s usual routine in The Wandering Inn was to eat, read her spellbook while having a drink or a snack, and usually stop reading and socialize with Erin or the team until she staggered up to her room, very drunk. Even Pisces, for all he was bound to his bouts of laziness, went to his room earlier than everyone else and Yvlon suspected he did a lot of [Necromancer] things in there. Ceria wavered.
“Well, not any spells—I did learn [Ice Armor]!”
“From a spellbook?”
“No…but hold on! Pisces hasn’t learned any spells recently! Right?”
Ceria looked at Pisces. The [Necromancer] avoided her gaze. Grimalkin snorted.
“He’s probably playing with his undead. [Necromancers] don’t need to learn as many spells. They create monsters. And I don’t have to look twice to see that both Bone Horrors he made were optimized. Disgusting, but improved in economy of motion and bone.”
Pisces looked startled, then embarrassed and pleased.
“You saw that? I have been improving them and my primary Bone Horror is twenty percent more eff—”
“Shut up. You are slothful! Miss Byres and the Antinium Ksmvr thing both show evidence of training. You see her face? A lot less baby fat than yours! [Mages] burn energy like [Warriors]—the fact that you’re gaining a paunch tells me you’re slacking. You need to get your head back in shape, stop stuffing your face, and learn some magic!”
When Grimalkin had finished, Ceria finally stopped blocking her ears with the heels of her palms. She was very embarrassed, and as Yvlon unplugged her ears, a guilty silence stole over the Horns. When you put it like that—she couldn’t quite look at her team leader. Grimalkin had hit a nail on the head with all the tact of a hammer. Only Ksmvr looked pleased.
“You remembered my name. I had thought you had trouble remembering.”
