6.39
Page 35
Numbtongue stared at the golden syrup Octavia was coating the mixture with. He sniffed, then exclaimed.
“Ashfire Bee honey?”
“Counters the allergic reaction. You see? It’s a simple formula. Base effect plus boosting agent, and extras to counter side effects or add more qualities. The trick is knowing what reacts with what.”
“So this—”
Numbtongue waved aimlessly at the second vessel as Octavia mixed the Eir Gel base with it. She nodded.
“Yup. It’s just to keep you from breaking out into itchy bumps. Also, the honey makes it taste better. I used uh, roach shells and some other stuff instead before Erin sold me all the honey. Anyways, I’ve countered the allergic stuff, and added a few tricks that keep the potion lasting longer—they do go bad, you know. Especially if air gets in.”
The Hobgoblin’s brow darkened.
“I know. Very bad.”
Octavia nodded solemnly.
“Well, that’s all preparatory work. You want to know the real magic behind a potion besides the Eir Gel? It’s your booster.”
“Booster. Base.”
Numbtongue looked at Octavia for confirmation. She nodded.
“Booster, Base, Reactor—I don’t use those or anything else on healing potions. Those are simple. Reactors are mixtures you combine with something—to give it a completely new effect. Those are uh, the things that tend to explode. But Eir Gel is so good at healing already, all we need to do is give it more power.”
“Ah.”
Numbtongue’s sigh was one of comprehension. Octavia wondered if he really did understand. He was sharp. But she’d never heard of a Goblin [Alchemist]. Then again…how many got the chance? She nodded, and a smile played over her lips.
“This is where most [Alchemists] have their own recipe. Eir Gel’s common, you see? But potions, even basic healing potions, are all different. Because everyone has their best recipe. What’s most cost-efficient, what’s cheapest to buy or easiest—or has the best effect. I bet Xif uses only the most powerful boosters, but this—this is what I can afford.”
So saying, she pulled out the jar of water with the red-green herbs in it. Numbtongue peered at the plant floating in the water. He thought he recognized it vaguely, something he’d seen growing somewhere. So did Pyrite. The red-green herb was long, grass-like. And it was glowing—no, the water itself had a faint luminescence! Octavia smiled proudly.
“This booster is low-grade. It’s cheap—you just need a few ingredients. Sage’s Grass, which is just a slightly magical grass some [Farmers] cultivate in huge amounts—a local [Farmer] guy sells a huge harvest to Celum—sugar water, demi-Newt skins dried and powdered, and, er, roach shells. I use roach shells a lot. That’s my formula, at any rate.”
“And what does it do? The mixture.”
The [Bard] pointed at the jar. Octavia blinked.
“Do? Nothing. It just feeds the Sage’s Grass. The Sage’s Grass is magical already, you see? And if I soak it in this water for a week, or a month—”
“The water gets magic.”
“Exactly. Sugar feeds the Sage’s Grass in the jar. So do the roach shells. The demi-Newts are slightly magical and don’t contribute much in the way of reaction. So it’s a cheap booster to make. And guess what? This stuff might be cheap today, but there was a time when it would have been worth its weight in sapphires. Even a low-grade healing potion would have been golden.”
Octavia sighed. Numbtongue blinked.
“Really? Why?”
