6.39
Page 23
“Nonsense! You’ve only been in there…eight minutes! Keep going! And you, Pisces, more heat! You need to work, Springwalker, or you’ll never improve! Push those limits! Look at Miss Solstice here. She fought a Goblin Lord—”
“I’m going to kill you!”
“If you have the spare magic for that, I’d welcome the attempt!”
Grimalkin waited. Ceria just stared at him through the steam and started uttering profanities. Erin saw Mrsha, who was padding out to look at what all the fuss was about, promptly be pulled back in by a motherly Lyonette. Grimalkin turned to Erin.
“Anyways, we’ll see what Springwalker’s limit is with this test. I have a few others, but this is actually a very good method to force her to improve. She’s acknowledged she’s become complacent, and her team’s very willing to help her improve. I admire that. Team spirit can force people even further past their limits!”
He gestured at Pisces and Yvlon and Ksmvr. It looked to Erin like they were placing bets on how long Ceria would last as they cursed her. But—Pisces leaned over and said something to Ceria that made her splash boiling water at him. He retreated, howling, but Yvlon was there, and Ksmvr happily waved as he splashed water into Ceria’s tub.
It was madness, but it was their kind of madness. Erin laughed. Then she looked at the tub.
“Huh. Hot tubs.”
She thought about it and then her eyes widened. Erin turned to Grimalkin, who was inspecting the heat and muttering about it being ‘only as hot as a cook fire’.
“Hot tubs! That’s it! Grimalkin, you’re a genius!”
“What?”
The [Sinew Magus] looked up blankly. Erin danced about excitedly.
“Oh my god. Hey Lyonette! Pawn! Belgrade! Get out here! We need hot tubs for the inn! Can we build…”
She rushed back inside before Grimalkin could blink. He straightened, looking at Erin as the door slammed shut. Ceria, boiling, glared at him from her bath. She was still wearing her robes. Grimalkin pointed at the door.
“Is she always like that?”
“I hate you.”
The Muscle Mage met Ceria’s gaze and shrugged.
“Well, keep freezing. You’re clearly out of practice from when your master trained you. Freeze the hot water! Or do you think you’ll be allowed to skip fighting in the summer? [Cryomancer] generate their own cold or they switch to water magic! But we do need to hydrate you. Drink the water in the tub! Or you’ll sweat to death! Come on, Springwalker! This is barely hot enough to boil my tea in. Do you want to improve, or do you want to improve?”
A strangled scream was his only reply. But Grimalkin saw Ceria thrust herself deeper into the boiling water and he smiled. She had spirit, that half-Elf. Then Grimalkin saw Ksmvr sidling over. The Antinium splashed Ceria with water and conspiratorially leaned over to Grimalkin.
“Magus Grimalkin, I believe there is one more glaring weakness I possess that I would like you to address if you have the time. It is a crucial flaw in my team’s makeup and I believe it is just as pressing as Captain Ceria’s weakness in magic, if not more so.”
The [Mage] regarded Ksmvr with distrust, but also a bit of interest. He folded his arms.
“Go on…”
Ksmvr took a deep breath. He looked at Ceria boiling in her bathtub, and then at Grimalkin, and then at Ceria, and came out with it in a rush.
“You see, I have a fear of drowning in water…”
“Because you can’t swim?”
Ksmvr nodded repeatedly.
“Yes. Antinium are incapable of swimming. But I was hoping you could help me.”
Grimalkin paused.
“Get over your fear of drowning in water when you’ll die if you enter it.”
“Yes. Exactly.”
