6.39
Page 3
“That was your best spell yet. I’ve cast [See Invisibility] by the way. It’s good to see you’re able to cast incantationless magic. And you are—there.”
He pointed straight at Yvlon. She didn’t hear anything, but she could still feel Pisces about. She blushed a bit; everyone was staring at her and she had the distinct feeling that Pisces was trying to hide behind her back.
“Stop hiding.”
Grimalkin folded his arms. Yvlon jumped as Pisces appeared behind her, looking sour. The [Necromancer]’s voice had a note of complaint in it.
“How did you see me? I was quite sure that even with a spell, I would be invisible—”
“I saw the grass move. What do you expect me to do when you turn invisible? You should have used a jumping spell right away or lost me first. Or both.”
Grimalkin pointed down. Yvlon and everyone else stared at the grass around The Wandering Inn. Pisces turned red.
“Oh.”
He stared at Grimalkin. The [Sinew Magus] rubbed the back of his neck where Ceria had hit him, sighing. He folded his arms and regarded the Horns of Hammerad. Somewhat shamefacedly, they looked at him. Yvlon had mud and grass all over her armor, a slight dent around her stomach, and bruises. She wasn’t sure about her arms, but she felt like the skin might be torn and bleeding under her armor.
She looked left and saw Ksmvr was mainly undamaged. Grimalkin hadn’t hit him, but the Antinium’s antennae were twitching with what Yvlon now understood as shame. Pisces was panting a bit, but he looked embarrassed more than anything.
And Ceria? She looked at Yvlon and bit her lip. She was slightly battered and her cheek was swollen. She’d tried to use her [Ice Armor] spell in the first sparring session—right before Grimalkin had punched her.
And Grimalkin was unharmed. He smelled like smoke and he had a bit of wood tangled in his neck spines, but all the Horns had managed to put on him was his irked expression. He looked at them, and Yvlon, flushing, waited for him to saw something cutting. But all he did was nod.
“Good. You’re better than you look. Yvlon Byres, passed. Antinium?”
“I am Ksmvr—”
“Passed. I don’t need to do much to either of you. Ten more levels and or the right gear and you’d both give me trouble.”
“Really?”
Yvlon exchanged a wide-eyed glance with Ksmvr. Grimalkin nodded.
“As [Warriors] go, you’re fine for your levels and equipment. I’ll address that. But my concern is with the [Necromancer]. Pisces, is it?”
He regarded Pisces with an unfriendly look, which Pisces returned. But Grimalkin eventually sighed.
“It’s a single spell. And I’d be satisfied, by and large. There’s always room for improvement, but that’s far better than Erin Solstice had me thinking. And I don’t know necromancy, so there’s that. No…that’s not what I saw.”
Pisces stared. Grimalkin ignored him as he turned his head. He pointed at the last member of their group.
“Yes. You’re the problem, aren’t you?”
Every eye turned to Ceria. She blinked.
“Me?”
