6.39
Page 22
 
“Aaah! Aaah! It hurts!”
Erin Solstice heard Ceria screaming outside. She stared at Chaldion—they were playing Go at this point to break up the Shogi games. He was new to them, but he’d won three games out of eight. Erin was enjoying herself so much she really didn’t want to look. But after four minutes of Ceria screaming she got up and with a sigh, went outside.
She found Ceria standing in the bathtub. Or rather—lying down in it. It was a nice, round, wooden tub, big enough to hold even Relc if he lay down and submerged in it. Not that he’d ever used it. Erin herself didn’t use it much; Liscor’s bathhouses were much nicer. And it was a pain to fill.
But the bathtub was filled now. With water. In fact, boiling water. And Ceria was lying in it. Grimalkin had set up a raging fire around the bottom of the tub, and, heedless of the way it kept on scorching the sides, was stoking it mercilessly. The only thing that was keeping the tub from burning itself was the water Ceria kept splashing over the sides as she thrashed. But Ksmvr was helping to fill the tub with a bucket. Yvlon and Pisces were just watching.
“What on earth? Ceria!”
Erin was horrified. The half-Elf was going to cook her brains! At the very least scald her skin off! Already the half-Elf’s arms were red and cooked, but Erin realized the tub was blazing with heat! It wasn’t just scald-yourself hot, it was you’ll-actually-die-it’s-that-hot! She looked at Grimalkin in horror. The [Sinew Magus] looked up cheerfully.
“More heat! Come on, [Necromancer], help me with these flames. We’ll probably need a copper tub if this thing keeps burning. Feel the burn, Springwalker! That’s how you know you’re alive!”
He flexed, raising his arms up and roaring encouragement. Ceria just screamed.
“I’m burning alive you monster! It’s too hot! It’s too hot!”
“She’s going to die! Grimalkin, what are you doing!”
Erin had to walk around the fire towards Grimalkin. The Muscle Mage looked at her, beaming.
“Not if she does what she has to! Ah, Erin Solstice, admiring my custom-made course? I told you, I’d deliver! Fancy talking about Parkour? I could try working up something for the [Necromancer], but Miss Springwalker was the one I thought was really—whoops, sorry, it’s getting too cool. Hold on a moment.”
He pointed and shot a bunch of blue flames into the fire. Ceria screamed and Erin panicked.
“Put it out! Why’s she in there? What kind of training needs this?”
She looked around and grabbed a spare bucket, but Grimalkin held her back.
“Ice magic training, of course! Miss Springwalker’s lowering the heat in the water! Or how else would she be alive? This is training her core! Her magical core!”
He pointed. And Erin saw that he was right! Ceria was flailing about and screaming curses at her team, but she wasn’t looking nearly as bad as the fierce heat suggested. She stared at Grimalkin.
“Wh—really? [Mages] have a core too?”
He hesitated.
“Well, not really. It’s a good analogy, though. She’s really training her ability to freeze things. The faster and more intense she can do it, the stronger her ice spells will be. Especially the higher-level spells. This is a precursor to her learning more advanced ice magics and it’ll strengthen her [Ice Wall] and [Icy Spear] spell—when she learns it. I’m going to have Ferkr check if I have the spell in my collection. You haven’t seen her around, have you?”
Erin stared at Grimalkin. Then she heard Ceria shout from the tub.
“I can’t do it anymore! Put the fire out! Put it out or I’ll die!”
