6.40 E
Page 27
Miss Velmir lowered her voice hurriedly. Eloise nodded again and sipped from her cup, as calm as could be.
“After what was done to the girl, who else in this world do you think she would trust? Not her mother. But perhaps Hedag. But you’ll see the rest of her craft tonight. Look.”
She pointed and Rie saw Hedag laughing and waving her hand over the flower. Once, twice, three times, as if casting a spell. The little daffodil perked up a bit and the girl, delighted as the flower turned a bit brighter, clutched it and ran off to show the other children. Another boy replaced her, holding up a leather ball and demanding Hedag do the same. The [Witch] paused and said something and he nodded solemnly.
“Cantrips?”
That was all Rie could imagine at the moment. She looked at Eloise. The woman had a knowing look that Rie didn’t like. There was something about Hedag that Prost hadn’t told Rie. He’d assured her that she was lawful, but that word clearly had a meaning to the villagers that they had refused to explain outright to Rie or anyone from the cities. Thoughtfully, Rie took another sip from her cup.
“I see. Well, I do agree that Miss Hedag is kind at the moment. But what of the rest of your…coven, Witch Eloise. I believe I saw the one called Alevica napping on a roof.”
“That sounds like her. I don’t believe she wishes to practice her craft. There’s not much for her to do at the moment. As for Califor and Nanette, they’re practicing magic no doubt. Their craft does not affect the village much either. But you see? We may keep to ourselves and have our own ways, but they are not so different from me, are they?”
Eloise chuckled ruefully. There was a murmur of protest and a young man from Lancrel raised his voice. He was off-duty as a [Woodcutter], but he had been a [Clerk] at the Merchant’s Guild. He was sitting with a giggling girl at the edge of the conversation.
“But you’re so much better than they are, Miss! But for the hat and you’d be like my grandmother, but nicer!”
“Ah, but I am a [Witch], young man. And the hat must remain or else you’d think just that of me.”
Eloise’s kind response provoked relaxed laughter. But the young girl, giggling and taking her cue from the young [Clerk], spoke up. Rie eyed her. She was probably seventeen, but she acted like she was four years younger.
“But Miss Eloise, we’d all love you more without the hat! What’s wrong with taking it off? Otherwise you remind us of those horrid other [Witches], like the horrible lady with birds!”
Rie inhaled slightly. This was crossing from banter into rudeness. But Eloise’s smile didn’t waver. It only deepened. She paused as the other tea-drinkers looked at her uncertainly.
“Young lady. What if I said I’d love you more and be more at ease if you took off your shirt? Or that young man his pants? What would you say then?”
The said young lady blushed and stammered a reply, but the young man, drunk on bravado, stood up.
“I’ll do that!”
So saying, he yanked his pants down. There was a peal of laughter from the young women and Rie sighed and averted her eyes from some underwear that was thankfully in place. Pale legs—the rest of the tea circle groaned or laughed and a man snapped.
“Put your pants back on, Delgriff! You’re among ladies!”
The young man, flushing, began to do that. But Eloise’s voice interrupted him.
“What are you doing, Mister Delgriff?”
He stopped, flushing as more laughter passed around the table.
“Uh—putting my pants back on?”
“But you asked me to take my hat off. And you offered to take your pants off. Shouldn’t you keep them off as long as we’re sitting?”
