6.40 E
Page 31
The words were so out of place that all Rehanna, Rie, and everyone else could do was stare. Rie heard a strangled laugh from behind her. It was hilarious to hear Belavierr say something which didn’t match the scene. And then—terrifying when you looked at her and understood. Belavierr went on after a pause.
“Good morning to you, Mistress. My name is Belavierr.”
There it was again. The words came out cautiously, slowly. Rie listened, saw Belavierr choosing each one. It wasn’t that she was out of sync with the world. It was something that bothered Rie far, far more. It sounded with each word like Belavierr was feeling for what should be said.
Like…someone. Something pretending to be Human, but who had forgotten how it went. She didn’t look around. She didn’t blink. The blows Rehanna had given her could have been an illusion.
“What do you want? I’m not scared of you.”
Rehanna was breathing hard, her eyes flashing with rage and even tears of fury. Or grief? Rie watched Belavierr inspect her face. And whatever was in there—the [Witch] nodded.
“I have business with you, Miss Rehanna Salesmith. You have something I want. And I have something to offer you.”
“I want nothing you [Witches] could ever offer me!”
Rehanna screamed back in Belavierr’s face. She whirled, but Belavierr’s fingers twisted. A bit of thread tangled and Rehanna stopped. She turned back, her face red.
“What did you—”
“Listen. This is what I have to offer.”
Belavierr’s head bent. Rehanna glared, her face red and white with sudden fear. Wiskeria groaned. She was held too. Rie looked around. And Eloise moved. The small [Witch] strode forwards.
“Miss Rehanna, a word. I think tea would be—”
Belavierr caught her hand as she reached for Rehanna. The two [Witches] locked gazes for a moment. Then—it was too late. Belavierr spoke in Rehanna’s ear.
The woman’s face went white. Rie had seen men hit with spells and arrows die before her eyes in battle. The Sacrifice of Roses. It looked very much like the same had happened to Rehanna. She stumbled, fell backwards onto the street and stared up at Belavierr. The [Witch] straightened and Eloise let out a long, pained sigh as she stepped back. Something had been done.
“That is what I offer. Would you like to see it?”
Rehanna stared at her, her face still bloodless. Then she got up. She shook so hard that Rie thought she was having some kind of seizure. She stared at Belavierr, and then turned and ran. Ran so fast that she was gone before anyone could blink. Rie stared at the empty street, and then at Belavierr.
The [Witch] had paused. She held still where she stood, but her head was turning. Tracking someone through the houses, turning slowly, ever so slowly—and stopping. She looked straight into a wall as she stood in the street. And there she stood. Silent. Immobile as Wiskeria got up and tried to talk to her, as Eloise walked back and disbanded the tea circle. It certainly could not stay.
And there the [Witch] stood. For minutes, and then nearly an hour, as Lady Rie shakily got back to work. As Ryoka found a reason for being in Riverfarm. As Durene heard a warning about [Witches], delivered too late. Belavierr stood and waited, perfectly still until something changed. She tilted her head and nodded.
“I see.”
