6.40 E
Page 28
More raucous laughter. Even Rie couldn’t help but smile. The young man flushed and Miss Velmir leaned over knowingly.
“I see. So his pants are like your hat?”
Eloise blinked.
“Not at all. Pants and hats are quite different, Miss Velmir. I don’t imagine I’d provoke such notice if I took my hat off. But there is something similar.”
“Which is?”
The tea circle looked at her as Delgriff, flushing, got his pants back up. Eloise nodded to him, smiling.
“Mister Delgriff has reclaimed his pants, and perhaps they shall never come off in our presence again. One may only hope. But we shall ever remember you without, Mister Delgriff, no matter how long and how many times you come to us with pants on. So. My hat stays on. Because I am a [Witch]. And I do not change. You may love me or hate me, but you must remember: a [Witch] I remain.”
Her words this time left only a thoughtful silence. And after a bit, when Lady Rie had regretfully excused herself, she looked at Geram. The [Fistfighter] was brushing crumbs off his front. Rie smiled and looked back at Eloise, who was letting a new circle of people come to sit with her. Those leaving looked invigorated, and many were holding tea packets they’d purchased from her. Lady Rie smiled.
“I believe I love that old lady, Geram.”
“She reminds me of the grandmother I never had, Lady Valerund.”
The man wistfully agreed. Rie sighed and shook her head.
“What was she saying about Rehanna, though? That dreadful woman?”
“She lost her husband during the battle for Lancrel.”
Geram reminded his mistress. Lady Rie paused and a moment of guilt flashed across her face.
“Oh yes. I had forgotten. Even so…well, she is allowed her grief, but not spitefulness.”
Geram nodded, but he glanced back at the tea circle.
“There might be more. The [Witch]—Miss Eloise—was asking about Rehanna before you sat with them. Some of the people there looked fairly serious when they replied. Should I ask what was said?”
Lady Rie hesitated.
“No. I don’t think it matters. For now. Tell me. I’ve accounted for Eloise, Califor, Nanette…the Witch Runner, I forget her name already—Alevica, yes—Mavika, Hedag. But where is the one called…Belavierr?”
Geram paused. He looked around with a frown.
“I…haven’t seen her.”
“You normally keep an eye on everyone you consider dangerous.”
“I do. And I don’t remember seeing her this morning.”
“Is she still abed?”
Lady Rie looked around. She saw Rehanna, standing apart from the tea circle, looking on with a mixture of jealously and anger. And Eloise, clearly beckoning her. Rie smoothed her skirts and then walked back to Eloise.
“Miss Eloise. May I ask if you know where your…fellow [Witch], Belavierr is? Is she still resting at this hour?”
The table went quiet. The name of the seventh [Witch] could do that, even at Eloise’s merry gathering. And the [Witch] sitting there tugged on her hat and her smile flickered.
“No. But I don’t believe you’d find her easily, Lady Rie. With that said, I wish you hadn’t spoken her name.”
“I beg your pardon. Is there a quarrel between the two of you? She is a member of your coven, isn’t she?”
Fascinated, Rie prodded carefully. And Eloise’s look told her plainly that the [Witch] knew what she was doing. With a sigh, Eloise shook her head and stood up.
“No. But there is a philosophical difference between she and I. To put it plainly, if Belavierr stands on one side, I stand on the other. We respect each other, but we do not get along.”
“Because she’s a bad witch?”
