6.40 E
Page 25
The City Runner broke off from listening to the [Farmers]. She saw Durene approaching with Prost. The [Steward] was shaking his head as Mavika continued directing her flock. Ryoka glanced at the man, a bit anxiously.
“Did I step in too much, Mister Prost?”
“No, no. I’m grateful for the help, Miss Griffin.”
“And the birds? Was that a good deal?”
The man hesitated.
“It’s alright. It’s a blow to give up the corn, but it’s better than what we’d’ve gotten if we had to fight the pests. And I think that [Witch] knows it.”
He gestured to Mavika. Ryoka nodded slowly.
“Except for them raining parts over your fields. And—crapping too.”
Prost groaned. Ryoka grinned weakly.
“That’s a proper [Witch]’s deal for you, I guess. But it’ll keep your plants safe?”
“That it will. Let’s just hope the crows let our [Farmers] work. I’ll keep them from complaining too loudly, don’t you worry.”
Prost waved a hand. Ryoka nodded and looked for Durene. She was still watching the crowd with Charlay. The half-Troll girl pointed at the large raven. It still hadn’t changed back.
“So this is what a [Witch] can do.”
“Guess so.”
Ryoka trotted over. She eyed the bird as it kept devouring the rat’s corpse. It was not a sight for the squeamish. And Ryoka’s own stomach was hurting a bit. From nausea or Charlay’s colic? She looked away.
“Are they all like that do you think?”
Charlay glanced at Ryoka. The Runner Girl shrugged. Slowly, the three began to walk back towards Riverfarm. And behind them, the crows cawed, claiming the fields as their own.
 
 
Day 57 – Rie
 
To the [Lady]’s relief, the issue of the [Witch]’s presence in Riverfarm seemed to have settled itself by the time she began her day. More or less. Or at least, with Mavika occupied in the fields, the worst objections were dealt with. The matter of Rehanna had been settled, to everyone’s surprise, by Alevica.
Prost had levied a fine on Mavika of two gold coins. Privately, Rie thought that might be too much for what had been a rather grave insult, but it was too little for some of the people who had seen the burning spell cast on the doorknob. And it was paid promptly by Alevica.
“Mavika owes me for this.”
The Witch Runner grumbled as she passed over two gold coins in front of a small audience. Rie took them gracefully and passed them to Nesor, who had control of her personal bag of holding. Rie thanked Alevica, got a sardonic grin and the crowd was assured Rehanna would see some of the money as compensation for her pain and that was that.
Privately, Rie was determined not to give Rehanna more than a few copper’s worth of the money, but the woman had heard about the fine and sought Rie out in moments.  She spluttered when Rie handed her eight silver coins.
“I was told it was two gold coins!”
“And you destroyed a magical brew that was probably worth at least ten.”
Rie coolly informed Rehanna as the woman turned red with outrage. She didn’t know what Wiskeria’s soup was actually worth, but she was tired of Rehanna. The woman was spiteful, bitter towards Wiskeria and [Witches] in general, and a pawn of Beatica and Rodivek’s manipulations. Rehanna glared at Rie.
“This is unfair! I was injured! My hand was nearly burnt off!”
“And my [Mage], Nesor, healed you on the spot. Miss Rehanna, the cost of the healing potion alone was nearly worth the fine we posed. I would not continue arguing your point.”
Rie’s imperiously tilted chin made Rehanna remember who she was addressing. Geram looming over her shoulder also helped. The woman backed up.
