6.40 E
Page 7
“Why are you here? I told you, I’m staying.”
The Centauress paused.
“Right. You did say that. Well—it seemed interesting. So I’m staying too!”
She grinned at Ryoka. The young woman shook her head. But she couldn’t argue. It had been an interesting meeting. Not exactly reassuring on any side, but interesting—
 
—-
 
The throne room had an actual throne. Ryoka stared at it while she waited for Rie and Durene and Prost to come back. It was carved, wooden, yes, but it was ornate. Someone had worked hard on it. An actual damn throne. She had forgotten it, but Laken was an [Emperor]. And the people here believed it.
Charlay whistled as she trotted up to the throne and inspected it.
“Wow. An [Emperor]. I heard rumors, but I didn’t believe it! And you know this Human, Ryoka?”
“Sort of. It’s a long story.”
“Really? Well, tell it to me! This is all very interesting. Hey, do you think I’ll fit on this thing?”
Charlay looked at Ryoka as she turned around and backed up. Ryoka bit her tongue, trying not to laugh as the Centauress maneuvered her behind towards the throne.
“Don’t you dare. They’ll kill us. And you’ll never fit!”
“Hah! Watch me—”
That was how Rie, Prost, and Durene found the two. Ryoka trying to persuade Charlay to get off Laken’s throne. As first impressions went—well, she’d had hers with Prost and Durene already.
And after a short explanation, Rie was on the same page. The [Lady] stared at Ryoka. They’d relocated to her home by now and an embarrassed Charlay was being made to sit on the ground. She was so embarrassed at being caught she didn’t object for once.
“So. Emperor Godart’s help that Durene requested showed up in the form of a few low-grade potions. Which was mainly to prompt your arrival.”
She gestured at the small collection of bottles and vials on the table in front of her. Ryoka nodded.
“That’s right. I got a message asking me to come to Riverfarm because there was…trouble. Laken didn’t say, but he implied it.”
He’d actually used some pithy German amid the contents of the message. Ryoka wasn’t sure exactly what he’d said, but she recognized some of the words and had gotten the gist. He was worried, and he sent her. Only, she hadn’t known what to expect and the others certainly hadn’t expected her. Rie stared at Ryoka, drumming her painted nails on the table, heedless of the damage to them.
“He sent you.”
“Uh, yeah.”
Ryoka scratched her head. After the [Witches], she had to admit, she wasn’t much. Prost on the other hand seemed reassured. He spread his callused palms on the table.
“I think it was the right move.”
“You do?”
Durene blinked. She had been staring at Ryoka from the start. Ryoka vaguely remembered her from her encounter in Invrisil. Only, she remembered a very protective Durene, who had seemed jealous of Ryoka even getting near Laken. This Durene was quieter. And she had a scar, a thick, deep one half-concealed by her sleeveless working tunic. But Prost, the [Steward] looked decisive. He was certainly far different from the cold man grateful for food in his ruined village. He nodded to Durene and Rie.
“Miss Ryoka brought Riverfarm food when the village was starving for it. She ran through the winter, through one of the worst blizzards I’ve ever seen to bring it here and I’d trust her with any delivery.”
He looked at Ryoka and she squirmed, embarrassed. Then she remembered. It had been Ivolethe and the other Frost Faeries who’d helped her on that run. Prost noted the way Ryoka sobered and nodded.
“Did his Majesty send you with anything else? Any messages, Miss Griffin?”
