6.40 E
Page 3
“I swear. It was done justly. And what you saw were that man’s sins, laid out for all to see.”
The stone remained blue as she spoke. An uneasy murmur ran through the crowd. Someone from Lancrel shouted.
“But she murdered Elmmet? He was accused of theft! And it wasn’t proved—”
Prost spun around so fast the man choked on his next words.
“He did more than steal. And we saw his sins, thanks to the Skill [Witch] Hedag used. It was a proper Skill! One that revealed crimes. Like a [Guardsman] would use. I was there. I saw it all. Now, pay heed!”
Prost looked around, and his eyes had their own affixing quality. Ryoka saw his gaze pass over hers, and then go back to her for a second. But then Prost kept moving, and his gaze was haunted, direct. Without doubt.
“Justice was done. I was there at Master Elmmet’s trial and his crimes were revealed. Not just to me, but everyone present! I won’t hide his guilt! If anyone wishes to ask, I will tell you what I saw. Or you may ask those who were there. I cannot imagine they’d forget. But Elmmet’s crimes went beyond thievery and the young shouldn’t hear of what he did. Or anyone who wishes to sleep and think of the man as anything but a monster wearing Human skin. That alone tells you it was just.”
The crowd muttered uneasily. A few voices were raised—
“But surely—”
“A Skill? But she’s a [Witch]—”
“With an axe?”
And then a voice, hurled from another man. Ryoka didn’t recognize the [Mayor], Rodivek, but she immediately placed him in Beatica’s camp. The man gestured at Prost, red-faced.
“Nevertheless, Prost! Elmmet was a [Councilman]! You’d hang him without a trial?”
“That was his trial!”
Prost thundered back. Rodivek hesitated. Prost turned around furiously.
“Maybe you didn’t hear me right the first time. I judged the sentence Hedag passed down as just myself! If she hadn’t killed him, I imagine half the folk in the square would have done the same the next minute. I know what I saw.”
He looked at Helm and the man nodded. Prost’s voice was steady as he gazed at the crowd.
“And I have every right to sentence Elmmet to death. Nor would I hesitate, even if Emperor Godart were in this village. If he were but five minutes away as I saw what I did, [Farmer] Ram, I’d have called for a rope and strung him up first and then presented myself to his Majesty for judgment without a doubt in my heart that justice had been done. That was the nature of the crime. The only thing to cry about was how fast the sentencing was done. Too slowly by half, and far too late, say I.”
He paused. And no one had anything to say to that. Not even Beatica. Ryoka wanted to know what Elmmet had done and she didn’t want to know at the same time. But she didn’t doubt Prost. Nor, it seemed, could much of the crowd. And those who might have wanted to speak up were silenced as Prost turned back to the women standing in the center of the street.
“Now to the next point. Miss Rehanna’s injury. I hear from Mister Ram, who I trust, that she gave offense and destroyed something of value. Wiskeria is our [General]. A trusted member of Riverfarm. I’ll ask for more testimonies, but if she did destroy this…magical soup, she will be punished. But hear me, [Witch] Mavika. You will pay a fine for injuring Riverfarm’s citizen. And that same fine will go to Miss Rehanna and she will pay part or all of it for destroying Wiskeria’s work! That’s all!”
