6.40 E
Page 2
She faced Beatica and the [Councilwoman] froze a second. Those who hadn’t seen, Ryoka included, stared at the woman. But those who had looked uneasy. And sick. Children clung to their parents and the parents looked as though they wanted to do the same to each other.
“I—know what I saw. Nevertheless! Mister Prost! What is to be done? We demand justice! Lancrel—”
“It isn’t Lancrel that makes the decisions around here!”
The [Blacksmith] roared at Councilwoman Beatica. Looking relieved—Ryoka thought she’d baited his response—the woman turned to him and snapped back.
“Nor is it Riverfarm’s folk, Mister Helm! The responsibility lies solely with Emperor Laken Godart, who we have not seen since arriving in Riverfarm. In his absence, I believe Lancrel’s people deserve a say. Mister Prost—!”
Her words were summoning the crowd’s ire, even in the face of the [Witches]. Ryoka could see it. And now she had a clearer picture. Riverfarm much larger? Check. These Lancrel folk—city dwellers by the look of them if their clothes were any match—check. They outnumbered the villagers Ryoka remembered by far. Throw in a few [Witches], demagogue like Beatica and no wonder Laken had called for Ryoka.
But the question was: what could Ryoka do? She didn’t think she had the ability to just jump into this conversation. Ryoka tensed warily, wondering what was coming next. Beatica might be a skilled Orator, or Skilled, but Ryoka thought she was making a mistake. The seven new [Witches] were eying the woman and the crowd, but only the young one, Nanette, looked afraid as she half-hid behind the one named Califor. Her teacher and the others were regarding Beatica like an annoying bug.
And Ryoka didn’t want to know what the one called Belavierr would do if she was provoked. She was just…staring. Blankly over the heads of the crowd. Then her eyes flicked to Ryoka. The Runner felt Belavierr stepping on her grave. And it wasn’t even dug yet. Her skin prickled. And then Prost spoke. As Beatica was drawing breath, the [Steward] broke off, stepped away from Lady Rie who was whispering urgently in his ears and drew breath.
“Very well! Silence! I’ve made my decision!”
And the crowd went still again. Ryoka felt the second pressure coming from Prost much like the effect Beatica had had. It quelled tongues, brought eyes onto the man. Another Skill? Prost looked around, and then nodded. He raised a hand and began ticking points off on his fingers.
“As I see it, there are three things to address here and now. The arrival of [Witches] into this village. The curse placed on Miss Rehanna. And the death of Councilman Elmmet. I’ve given my thought to all three. And this is what I have to say. Elmmet first.”
He took a breath. And the crowd of hundreds waited. Prost looked around and then he bellowed.
“I say it was just! And if that man stood before me again and I held an axe, I would swing it twice!”
Silence. And then a roar of outrage, shock. Not from those who had seen. Ryoka blinked but Prost’s words shouted over the crowd again. He rounded on the woman with the axe, raised a glowing stone that flickered between blue and red.
“Hedag the [Executioner]. Do you swear before all here present and on your class and under his Majesty, Laken Godart’s name that your Skill revealed Elmmet Patterson’s sins and crimes? Do you swear what we witnessed was the truth, unaltered by any magic or trickery?”
He held it up. Ryoka recognized the truth stone. And the [Witch], the [Executioner], grinned. She planted the axe and leaned on it.
