6.40 E
Page 8
“No. Just a request to help. And I will if I can.”
“How, exactly? Are you some kind of [Steward] yourself? A manager of people? You’re a City Runner, yes? Not a Courier? No offense, Miss Griffin, but I cannot understand what his Majesty was thinking.”
Rie looked exasperated as she put one finger to her lips, staring at Ryoka. The young woman returned the gaze. Rie was striking. Ryoka had no idea how Laken had met her, but the woman’s careful makeup, her dress, and her bearing didn’t fit in Riverfarm. But she seemed to be all aboard Team Laken, so Ryoka weighed her response before replying carefully.
“I’m…an acquaintance of Laken’s. Personally.”
Durene glanced up. She knew that. But Prost and Rie exchanged a quick glance. Rie’s eyes widened a bit and she sat forwards. Now Ryoka felt the [Lady]’s attention fix on her like a spotlight.
“I see. From his nation? His ah, homeland? In…Chandrar?”
The question was probing. Ryoka smiled at Durene and shook her head warningly.
“I’m an acquaintance of Laken’s. I helped him out once. And you’re one of his vassals?”
The woman pursed her lips.
“I am Lady Rie Valerund, yes. Last of the Valerund house. I owe his Majesty a great debt after he saved me from a Goblin attack on my mansion.”
Ryoka nodded amiably.
“In that case, I’ll let, uh, Emperor Laken explain it to you. If he thinks you should know. As for what I’ll be doing—I have no idea. But as I said, I’ll help however I can. If you’ll let me.”
She saw Rie’s affronted look at the shut-down response. Durene just smiled happily. Prost nodded.
“Of course. And you’re welcome to stay as long as you want. More than welcome. We’ll put you up in a house. We’re already arranging some for the [Witches]—”
“She can stay at my cottage. I have room. And I can sleep on the floor.”
Durene interjected quickly. Ryoka blinked at her. That was unusually friendly. Rie threw up her hands in disgust.
“Fine! By all means, let us include Miss Ryoka in our proceedings. I have to think the [Witches] matter more. Miss Ryoka, please share anything you have to offer.”
She sighed. Then she seemed to remember the Centauress sipping tea and munching on some bread and cheese. Rie stared at Charlay along with Prost and Durene.
“And who are you, Miss?”
The Centauress waved her hand.
“I’m Charlay, known as the Dustrider. City Runner, one of the best. Hi.”
“She’s following me. Uh—she’s not related to Laken.”
“I see.”
Rie had to sit back and massage her temples. She looked helplessly at Prost.
“We need to discuss the ramifications of these—[Witches]. And whether it’s really wise to let them stay unchecked until his Majesty returns? Let alone what Miss Griffin can offer…but Wiskeria is still absent. Talking with those—with her Coven. Should we wait for her? I think it would be wise. But what does it all mean, Mister Prost? I can’t fathom.”
“Me neither. But we’ll do that. For now, let’s just get folks settled. I’m going to go round talking with anyone who wants to know about Elmmet. Reassure them about the [Witches]. Durene, get Miss Ryoka and Miss Charlay settled in your cottage. We’ll meet tonight if Wiskeria’s able. Tomorrow at earliest, if not.”
“Okay.”
Durene looked relieved and nodded energetically. Ryoka admired Prost’s decisiveness. Rie was clearly overwhelmed, but the [Steward] was a former [Farmer]. And he had a [Farmer]’s practicality. So she got up, followed Durene as Charlay grabbed some more bread and cheese—
 
—-
 
