6.40 E
Page 6
Durene, Rie, and Prost came to a stop in front of Ryoka and Charlay. The Asian girl coughed, feeling embarrassed by the attention. She smiled weakly at Prost. He was surprised to see her too.
“Hi. Mister Prost. Uh, hi Durene?”
“Miss Ryoka. It’s a pleasure to meet you. But what brings you here? Did his Majesty—”
Prost’s eyes flicked towards Ryoka, then Charlay. Ryoka nodded. She fished in her pouch for the potions.
“That’s right. I have a delivery and uh—”
Prost halted her with a hand. He looked at Rie and she nodded. The man turned back.
“Later. We have to hear what his Majesty sent with you. Or…why you’re here. Lady Rie, we should meet in the throne room in a few minutes. Once the crowd cleared—”
“Of course. This way, Miss Ryoka. And…is your friend with you?”
She looked at Charlay uncertainly. Ryoka hesitated and then nodded.
“Sure. Yes.”
She looked at Durene. The half-Troll girl was staring. Ryoka uncertainly followed Lady Rie, and Durene looked around. Wiskeria was speaking to the other [Witches]. Belavierr bent.
“Daughter. We have much to discuss.”
“Mother. Why are you—how did my coven end up like this?”
Wiskeria’s eyes were filled with tears as she held one of the pointed hats. Belavierr paused.
“I told you. They were killed after refusing an offer.”
She paused and looked Wiskeria up and down.
“I take it you are well? You appear to be well.”
Durene saw Wiskeria’s head snap up. The other [Witches] sighed. Alevica scratched the back of her head under her hat, and Eloise looked pained.
“Belavierr. You have no tact, do you? Wiskeria, we are sorry—Mavika tried to contact you, but you ignored her crows. She wanted to meet you first to tell you what we had planned. But you refused to come.”
“I got the messages. I thought my coven just wanted me to—”
Wiskeria looked blankly at the hats. Hedag bowed her head, her smile vanishing.
“A mess it is. Come here, Wiskeria.”
She swept the younger woman up in a hug. Wiskeria yelped and Durene saw Califor sigh.
“We can speak later. My concern is where we will be sleeping. I assume we’ll be provided with places to stay? Let us organize that, then—”
The [Witches] marched straight towards Prost. He was busy, arguing with Rodivek and Beatica, sending people back to work, organizing a burial for Elmmet—and Durene stood there. She stared around. And then at the young woman. This was Laken’s help?
“Ryoka?”
 
—-
 
Later that day, Ryoka sat in Durene’s cottage. She blinked around the small hut, stared at the bed Durene had given her. And the Centauress trying to lay down on it.
“It’s big enough for me, but it’s not comfy. Hey, do you have any more blankets, Ryoka? We should get some more from the village. Ooh! Wait a second! Suddenly it feels soft! Is this a Skill? A magic bed?”
The delighted Centauress was wriggling on the wide bed. Ryoka looked at her own, smaller cot set up next to it. It did feel ludicrously soft for what was a sleeping bag on a hardwood floor. Durene paused as she fed Frostwing.
“That’s Laken’s Skill. [Blessing of the Hearth]. You’ll sleep like babies even on hay. Want another blanket? Sorry it’s so cramped.”
“Nope! I like it! This is better than most inns! The bed feels amazing! Hey Ryoka, does your bedding feel like that?”
Ryoka glanced up at Charlay. She blinked twice, then nodded.
“Yup. Feels nice. Charlay, why are you taking Durene’s bed?”
The Centauress paused.
“Because she offered it? She said she’s okay with sleeping on the floor! Why? You want to gamble for it? I could toss a coin. Best three out of five?”
She reached for her money pouch. Ryoka shook her head.
