6.40 E
Page 15
Wiskeria tipped her hat and gave Belavierr her most insulting smile. She hoped it would produce something, but the cutting words didn’t seem to affect her Mother in the slightest. They never did. Belavierr frowned.
“I would like you to be a better [Witch]. You still have much to learn. If not from Califor, then Mavika. She is your senior [Witch] and part of your coven.”
“I’m a [General] now. What do you think of that?”
“You are a [Witch].”
And that was that. The two sat in silence, one glaring, the other just staring. Wiskeria balled her hands into fists.
“I’m warning you, Mother. The coven can stay. That’s fine. I know what they’re like. And I suppose since all [Witches] might die on this continent, you can stay too. But this is my land. Don’t do—anything in this village. I like it here. Don’t be—can you not—”
She trailed off, frustrated. And Belavierr just shook her head. As Wiskeria knew she would.
“I am what I am, Daughter. I cannot change that.”
Wiskeria knew that too. Bitterly, the daughter stared at the mother. And the mother paused and looked at her daughter. At last, she seemed to recall something.
“Do you want anything? Three years have passed since we last met. Do you have a wish? I will grant it if it is within my power.”
“Nothing from you, Mother. Nothing from you.”
And that was it. Belavierr nodded and stood up.
“Then I bid you good night, Witch Wiskeria. I ask you speak well of us to this [Emperor], for we bear the fate of all [Witches] on Izril.”
She tipped her hat and walked out of the house. Wiskeria stayed a moment longer. She was grateful that Miss Califor tactfully remained in Nanette’s room for a few minutes so Wiskeria could wipe away her tears.
 
 
Day 57 – Durene
 
“They’re the best [Witches] on the continent. Maybe the world.”
That was how Wiskeria explained it. She sat in Lady Rie’s house, with Prost, Ryoka, Charlay, Rie, and Durene. Technically, Charlay didn’t have to be here, but the Centauress seemed delighted to be included in the conversation.
As Wiskeria stood in front of the table, she looked from Prost to Rie to Durene to Ryoka. Her eyes lingered on the City Runner longest, but she had accepted the explanation about Ryoka very quickly. It was probably the least of the surprises she had experienced of late.
There was a moment of silence as everyone digested Wiskeria’s statement. Then Prost carefully raised a hand.
“By best, Wiskeria, do you mean…”
“I mean, they are the best, the highest-leveled, the most dangerous, or just the best, Mister Prost. And I do mean that. Each one is a legend. They’re all legends. Except Nanette. She’s Miss Califor’s student. Which means she’ll probably be the next Califor. So a legend-in-training since that’s never happened that I can remember.”
Wiskeria sighed as she adjusted her hat. Durene stared at her. The best? The highest-leveled in their class? It was hard to believe. Durene had met…well, she’d heard of some high-level [Farmers], but they were only good locally. The best in the world…
“And they came because of this Circle of Thorns. Because of the…threat to [Witches].”
Rie’s eyes fixed on Wiskeria. The [Witch] nodded, fiddling with her spectacles.
“Among other things. But it’s the pact with Laken that concerns them. They think he has potential. I think they’re united in that, although they might want other things. I’m sure Mavika does. She might want…well, she wants something other than what Califor wants, I’m certain of that.”
