6.40 E
Page 5
“Mister Steward! You call on us not to harm a hair on another soul’s head. But it is my business to harm and help. I fear I’ll break your laws, and do it again and again! So. I call on the rights of my other class. [Executioner].”
An uneasy stir ran back through the crowd. Prost frowned.
“Meaning? You aren’t going to execute—”
A booming laugh interrupted him. Hedag slapped her chest as she guffawed.
“Of course not! Dead gods, but it’s been long since I walked places so near to civilization. Is Riverfarm so close you’ve forgotten my role? The axe is a last resort. But I call on my other duties! Judge and arbiter. Where there are crimes, I find them. Do you know me, Mister Steward?”
“I know your name. And your reputation.”
The [Witch] nodded proudly.
“Just so, then. I am Hedag alone. And you have your laws and I bring mine. Will you let me work here? I will cut no man or woman down. But I will not promise to leave those that need my craft unscathed.”
She gestured around. Ryoka didn’t know what that meant, but Prost did. And so did some of the villagers. He nodded after only a beat.
“I grant you leave, then. But whatever you do, Miss Hedag, it will be alone.”
“Fairly said.”
The [Witch] swept her head off and bowed once. Beatica spluttered at this.
“Steward Prost! You can’t just let that woman—”
“Councilwoman Beatica, silence!”
Prost snapped back. The woman shut up, affronted. Prost shook his head.
“I know who Hedag is. And if she has a rank, it is that of Watch Captain. You may not know of her, but I do. As do many from villages like Riverfarm, I’ll wager. If I were you, Councilwoman Beatica, I would educate yourself about how we do things in villages far from your rule of law. Now, that’s all! This gathering is adjourned. Back to your tasks if you have them! I need men to take care of the body at the stocks. We’ll sort out the rest and you’ll hear what happens over your supper! Clear the street! Wiskeria, Lady Rie, Durene, with me please. Ram! Helm! Beycalt! Get your folks to work! Now!”
His words broke up the scene at last. Ryoka saw people start and look around uneasily, but Prost was already striding forwards, chivvying them off, reminding them that they had places to be. Jobs to do. He was decisive! The [Witches] gathered around Wiskeria as she pointed at the hats, still clearly distressed. And Ryoka hesitated. Someone poked her in the side and she yelped.
“Gah—Charlay!”
The Centauress looked delighted at Ryoka’s reaction. She tried to poke again and Ryoka slapped her hand down. The Centauress gestured at the village.
“This is so weird. I’ve never been to a place like this! Have you ever seen so many [Witches]? I just know Alevica…um, are you going to talk to them?”
“Probably.”
Ryoka glanced at the coven. Charlay pawed the ground uneasily.
“We’re just here to deliver your package, right?”
Ryoka sighed.
“Sort of. Look, I need to talk to—”
“Dead gods, is that a Centaur?”
Someone finally noticed Charlay. The Centauress looked around.
“That’s right! And it’s a Centauress! Who’s asking?”
Some heads turned to stare. Ryoka sighed, but then she saw Prost heading her way. He’d noticed her. Durene spotted Ryoka at last and her eyes widened.
“Ryoka? Ryoka Griffin?”
“Who’s that? Someone you know, Durene?”
The [Lady] peered at Ryoka as the three came her way. Durene looked stunned.
“Yes! Ryoka met Laken back in Invrisil. But I didn’t think—wait, did Laken send you, Ryoka?”
Her eyes widened. Heads turned and Ryoka saw Helm and some other villagers turn and point.
“That’s her! The Runner who came during the winter—”
