6.40 E
Page 24
“Dead gods, it’s Colony Rats! That’s a mother if I saw one! We’ve got to kill it—”
Ram rushed forwards with a hoe, but Mavika’s glare stopped him. The [Witch] pointed as the rat chased after the raven. It was biting, snapping, and the raven was seemingly outmatched on the ground. The [Witch] pointed her fingers at the raven.
“Sephraic. [Ancient Form].”
She snapped her fingers. And the raven disappeared behind a stand of corn as the rat-mother pursued it. Ryoka heard a shriek, and then a rat’s scream. It came back out, fur bloody and torn. And a bird from hell pursued it.
There was no biological history for a raven like this in Ryoka and Laken’s world. But perhaps, in the lost world of this one, there had been. A time when ravens needed to be dangerous. Deadly. How else could you explain the raven that came out, striding across the ground with huge clawed feet, its beak pecking at the rat, descending on it with a flurry of wings, slashing claws?
There was no fight. Just the rat mother’s flight and a quick, painful death. The raven looked up, its beak bloody. The Humans stared at the bird and backed away. Ryoka gulped. If that thing came at her—hell, a pack of the aggressive geese that liked to pick fights with picnickers would take one look at this thing and fly away.
The raven cawed. And the crows descended. They began digging at the same spot where it had driven the rat mother from as the raven began to devour the rat. None of them got anywhere close to the enchanted bird. But they were unearthing the rat warrens. And Mavika’s second finger made all the [Farmers] step back.
“As promised, Steward. [Primal Fear].”
Out came the rats. They fled into the waiting talons, too maddened with fright to hide. Not just in that field either; more crows descended, claws snatching, cawing. They swooped down, pecked at the writhing shapes, bore them up—
And then Ryoka saw bits of animals falling from the sky. The [Farmers] looked up and groaned as the birds dropped blood and flesh. Ram whirled.
“Prost—”
The [Steward] was already addressing the [Witch].
“Witch Mavika. Can’t you persuade your flock to eat the—rats elsewhere?”
Mavika’s grin was unpleasant to see.
“That was part of no deal of ours, Steward Prost. The bones and flesh will nourish the ground. Is this not what you asked for?”
She gestured at the fields. Ryoka stared at the black army of crows and saw one pursuing a robin. The bird was flying away—right until the chase carried it into a second crow’s talons. The birds ripped the robin to shreds and the head fell into a field of corn. Along with dead grasshoppers, rats, a rabbit—it was turning into a scene of carnage. But the fields were intact.
“Gross.”
Charlay gagged. And the [Farmers] looked no more happier. They began muttering amongst themselves.
“Lookit the parts. We’ll be picking rat bones out of our crops!”
“Bah. Better than weevils and grasshoppers out of our teeth! Think the crows’ll get the little things?”
“Doesn’t matter. Bad deal to make with a [Witch] if it is. I don’t care what Prost says about giving them a chance.”
“Do you want to fight those grasshoppers? Or the rats? Half our dogs won’t go after one four feet long! And it saves us the trouble of finding them. And they’ll watch the fields.”
“So what? I had a dog from Radivaek lands. You know, the Dog Lord’s domain? Best ratters in the world. She kept my land clean of pests. If I’d had her longer, I would’ve bred a litter. What can crows do better than a good pack?”
“Eat bugs.”
“Ryoka?”
