6.40 E
Page 30
Hedag’s voice was the sole sound on the street. The children who had been playing moved at her voice and ran sideways as she walked left, out of Belavierr’s path. They hid behind Hedag, whose smile reflected the sun. But Belavierr’s presence was a shadow. She kept moving, and Rie realized her path was as straight as an arrow. Moving towards Rehanna. And her eyes were fixed on the woman.
“Miss Rehanna, sit with me.”
Eloise’s voice was patience, but strained ever-so-slightly with urgency. Rehanna spat at her.
“I don’t want your tea or biscuits. [Witch]! [Witch]! And I’m not afraid of her either!”
She pointed a trembling finger at Belavierr. She really wasn’t afraid, Rie realized. Astounding as that was, she looked at Belavierr with only anger. The [Witch] was approaching. Eloise was trying to persuade Rehanna—the woman shoved her back. She rounded to face Belavierr, clenching her fists. What would happen if she struck the [Witch]? Belavierr was giving her no reason to, but she was striding forwards and Rehanna had planted herself in the way. She was daring a collision.
But what was Rie missing? The answer, part of it, presented itself as someone broke the silent street’s quiet. Wiskeria skidded around the corner, panting, her robes and hat askew. She ran forwards and shouted.
“Mother! Stop!”
Belavierr’s head turned, but her pace didn’t slow. Neither did it increase, though, and Wiskeria ran forwards. The three met in the street, Rehanna, Wiskeria, and Belavierr. Wiskeria threw an arm between Belavierr and Rehanna and the woman spat.
“What do you want?”
“Rehanna, don’t listen to her. Belavierr is my mother and a [Witch]—but she doesn’t make deals you want to accept. Listen to me—”
She reached for Rehanna and something snapped in the woman. Rie saw it. She turned on Wiskeria and screamed.
“I don’t want to hear it! You let my husband die at Lancrel! Do you remember his name? Do you even know who he was?”
She raised a hand and struck at Wiskeria, punching at her face and knocking her spectacles aside. Wiskeria grabbed for them and stumbled back. Rie hissed.
“Geram, go arrest Rehanna. Place her in the stocks—no, just confine her to her house. Maybe that will solve—”
Before the man could move, Rehanna lashed out again. Wiskeria was grabbing for the spectacles, which had fallen but not shattered on the ground. She kicked at the [Witch] and Wiskeria yelped. Rehanna raised a hand to slap—
And Belavierr caught it. It was so fast Rie blinked. Geram halted uncertainly. Rehanna spun.
“How dare you—”
She punched Belavierr in the face. Rie saw the impact, saw Belavierr’s head snap back a bit. The entire street went quiet. Rehanna hit Belavierr in the face. In the chest, struck her leg, kicking—Belavierr didn’t blink.
And then it was quiet. Rehanna paused, panting, and stared as Belavierr slowly let go. Wiskeria got up and opened her mouth. Belavierr twitched a finger and Wiskeria’s mouth closed. She regarded her daughter for one moment, and then turned to Rehanna. She paused. Looked up.
“It appears to be a fair morning.”
Everyone stared up at the sky. It was indeed a clear day. No clouds in sight. The sun was actually fairly bright, a pleasantness after all the rain. Belavierr nodded.
“Quite pleasant. Although I expected rain. Still, one is not always right, it seems.”
