6.40 E
Page 10
“…Hey, is that a bear in the window or is that just me?”
Ryoka looked up and then recoiled in alarm. Bismarck stared at the two and paused in sticking his tongue towards a basket of food Durene had brought from the village. The two stared at the Mossbear in horror until Durene came back in. She looked at them, spotted Bismarck, and slapped the bear gently before pushing him out.
“Bismarck! That’s our food! Get back to your den! I already fed you! Sorry, that’s Bismarck, you two. He’s Laken’s other pet. Mossbear.”
Charlay and Ryoka stared at each other. Silently, and in unison, they decided to go to bed. Ryoka rolled up and found that her sleeping bag really was the most comfortable thing in existence. She almost immediately began to drift off, but her mind was still racing.
[Witches], a [Lady], a [Farmer] turned into a [Steward]. A Troll-Girl with a giant bear for a pet and a blue bird, and a village. A missing [Emperor].
Ryoka nodded to herself. Yup, that about summed it up. Welcome to Riverfarm. She lay back and closed her eyes. After a moment she realized something else.
Charlay was a loud snorer. So was Durene.
 
 
Night 56 – Wiskeria
 
They didn’t gather in secret. The moons were not gibbous or full in any particularly significant combination. And nor was this a time of ritual, of significance. Well—[Witches] had died, but it was too far away for this coven to make use of their deaths. If they had even that inclination.
So it wasn’t a particularly notable gathering. And yet it was. Oh, it was. Wiskeria could feel it in the air as she stood in the simple home that had been afforded to Miss Califor and Nanette. Eloise and Hedag had their own house, despite it being large enough for all seven in theory. Mavika and Alevica shared another, although Wiskeria was fairly certain Mavika would not be sleeping in the village.
And Belavierr? A house unto herself. Wiskeria wondered if her mother would make much use of it either. She did sleep. But Wiskeria had known her all her life. And Belavierr made Mavika look mundane at times.
Covens drew power from many things. The cycles of the moon. Significance. And yes, death. It should not have been a powerful gathering. But the six [Witches] in the room besides Wiskeria positively reeked of power. Nanette didn’t really count. And she was already in bed since it was late.
They had gathered close to midnight. Wiskeria could feel the hum of magic in the air. And—purpose. It was a mark of their status. Even without a full moon, or two full moons or ritual, this coven could probably perform a working that would put Wiskeria’s old coven, the Marshlands Coven, to shame.
So what was the purpose of this meeting? What did they do? They sat at Eloise’s table and sipped tea. There were also biscuits. As freshly baked as you wanted them. The sight of Mavika perching on a chair, nibbling a biscuit was only matched by Belavierr sitting with a cup of tea and biscuit in hand. It was funny—until you remembered what they could do. Wiskeria didn’t smile.
She had been weeping. Her coven was dead. Her friends were dead. They had been killed. Wiskeria had held Tillica’s hat. The motherly [Witch] who had welcomed Wiskeria into her coven was dead, like the others Wiskeria had shared friendships and rivalries with over eight years. Dead, just like that. But for Mavika and Thallisa. But one thing stopped Wiskeria from curling up completely. And that was the need for vengeance. The need to know.
“They called themselves the Circle of Thorns. A secret name, one we have heard times before.”
