6.40 E
Page 9
And now they were here. Durene gestured around the cottage, clearly embarrassed by the space. It wasn’t actually that cramped with three people in it; Durene had built it for herself and she needed more room than most. Still, she was sleeping in the kitchen while Ryoka and Charlay occupied the actual bedroom. And there was a tent outside where Wiskeria was sleeping!
“So…what have you been doing since I saw you? A lot’s happened.”
Durene sat on one of her kitchen chairs. Staring at Ryoka. The young woman sat up on the bed.
“A lot.”
“Right. A lot’s happened over here. Goblins and a war and…Laken’s gone. He’s coming back. With Goblin prisoners, but he was at Liscor.”
“I heard about that.”
Charlay, laying on the bed, swiveled her head from Ryoka to Durene. The young woman stared at Durene. She didn’t know her that well. And Durene clearly felt it. She looked—awkward.
“Um. Last time we met, I remember being a bit—”
“Don’t worry about it. I was pretty bad myself. A lot’s changed. Do you—want to talk about it?”
“Yes. Uh—why don’t we have a drink? I can make some tea. I have a kettle—move out of the way, Frostwing!”
She shooed the brilliantly blue bird and Ryoka heard a screech. She stared at Frostwing. So did Charlay.
“That’s a big, blue bird.”
“Yup.”
“That’s Frostwing. You remember her, right Ryoka?”
“I do. She was a lot…smaller, back then. But I do remember her.”
Ryoka accepted a cup of hot, somewhat weak tea from Durene. She handed it to Charlay, took the second one, and sat down. Durene sat opposite her. There was a murmur of thanks, sipping, silence.
“So about what happened here. Well, we had Goblins—uh, do you know about the mountain raids? Well, what we had—”
“Oh, yeah! And I uh, well, I was running a lot after I left Riverfarm. And uh, I’m still running basically. I work around Reizmelt. Ever heard of it? No? Well, they call me, the uh, Wind Runner—”
“I’m Charlay.”
The conversation started and stopped. One side talked, the other side listened. Ryoka heard Durene talk about Riverfarm and the battle and watched the half-Troll girl’s face. Durene did the same to her.
It was awkward. They really weren’t friends. And Ryoka, for all her best efforts, couldn’t figure out what to really say to Durene. By the time they were on their third cups of tea and feeling it, they had nothing more to say. Durene stared at Ryoka.
“So Laken sent you. And you really don’t have any plan? He didn’t tell you anything? Maybe there was a clue in what he wrote.”
Ryoka shook her head.
“I don’t think there was. At least—I looked for it, but I think he just wanted me to come here. I have no idea what to do. But it seems like I got here just in time.”
“Right. Well—I’m sure Rie and Mister Prost will want your help. And uh, if you think of anything, let us know! Wiskeria’s going to tell us what her coven’s here for. Tomorrow. I haven’t seen her; she must be talking with them still. I’ll introduce her. She’s a [Witch] and the [General] of Riverfarm’s army, like I said.”
“Got it. I’ll do my best.”
And that was it. Durene nodded, then excused herself to use her outhouse. Charlay and Ryoka exchanged a glance. The Centauress put her cup down.
“That was awkward.”
“Yup.”
Charlay peered at Ryoka and shook her head.
“You have no idea what you’re doing here, do you?”
“Nope.”
“Great. You Humans are so weird.”
The Centauress snorted. Ryoka couldn’t really argue the point at the moment. She lay back in her sleeping bag and stared up at the ceiling. What a mess. What could she do? Why was Charlay still here? Her mind was whirling. And then Charlay spoke up.
