6.40 E
Page 14
The [Witch] turned and Nanette squeaked and fled to her bed at once. Wiskeria saw Califor’s lips move and sensed the sleeping spell. Then Califor looked at Alevica and Mavika. They were angry, but their fury did not match her own. Silently, the two considered Califor and bowed their heads. Eloise put down her cup and nodded.
“I think we are done for now. It is enough that we’ve gathered. And we are not decided yet. We must see if Riverfarm suits us. I suggest we all practice our crafts as we may, take in the strength of this demesne. I sense this [Emperor]’s power. Especially in these totems I passed. But whether it is for [Witches] or not remains to be seen. But we shall discuss it later. For now, let us sleep. Unless anyone objects?”
No one did. Wiskeria exhaled slowly, relieved. Eloise was the voice of reason you needed in times like this. Every coven had to have someone like that or risk fights and feuds. Only—Wiskeria had seen Mavika angry and seen [Witches] do battle, sometimes more dramatically, but she’d never seen a tiff that intense. And it had been a minor squabble; Mavika was capable of much more, but Alevica was at least partly her match.
The coven rose, nodding. Hedag sighed as she stood, the first to leave. She reached out and held Wiskeria’s shoulder.
“We do bother you, Wiskeria. I apologize for that, but I hope you let us practice our craft on your land.”
The others paused and looked at her. Wiskeria shrugged, uncomfortably. What else could she say?
“Of course. So long as you obey Prost’s rules.”
The others nodded, to lesser or greater satisfaction. They walked out, one by one. Califor went to check on Nanette and Wiskeria realized they were leaving her alone with Belavierr. The [Witch] was still sitting, not having moved. And the others in the coven had to know of their relationship, even if some, like Hedag and Eloise, Wiskeria had never met before. But they would know Belavierr and thus Wiskeria. However [Witches], being who they were, wouldn’t meddle. This wasn’t something for a coven. It was…personal.
The two sat alone for a while after the others had left. Wiskeria knew Califor wasn’t listening—but she was probably expecting to sleep sometime tonight. Which meant Wiskeria had to be the first to talk. Belavierr might sit for hours without speaking, just watching Wiskeria over the table. But to her surprise, as she was trying to break the silence, Belavierr spoke.
“Daughter.”
“Mother.”
The two stared at each other. Belavierr nodded
“…You appear to be well.”
Wiskeria sighed. That was her mother.
“I am well. Why are you here, Mother?”
“Sanctuary. I have told you.”
“I know. But why are you here, Mother? I told you I didn’t want to talk to you again.”
Belavierr paused. She looked at Wiskeria, unblinking.
“I care for [Witches]. And for your fate.”
Wiskeria just folded her arms in disgust. She knew Belavierr remembered their last conversation. Her mother paused again.
“You have continued practicing your craft? You should learn while the coven remains here. From Califor. Califor is a better teacher than I.”
Her daughter’s brow wrinkled in disgust.
“Learn from—! You haven’t changed! Not one bit! I’m fine, Mother! I might not be a [Witch] as powerful as you, but I don’t need to be!”
Silence. Belavierr looked Wiskeria up and down.
“Yes, I suppose? And no. You are a [Witch], Wiskeria. But you have no passion to add to your craft.”
“Well, I have you to thank for that. You made me the [Witch] I am.”
