6.40 E
Page 18
“Stitch magic.”
The room waited. Wiskeria looked up. She shrugged at their blank faces.
“She stitches things. She’s a [Stitch Witch]. Don’t ever make a deal with her if I’m not there. Okay?”
She looked around. And her gaze was deadly serious. Durene looked about uncertainly as well. She saw Ryoka meet Wiskeria’s eyes, Charlay’s uncertain grin, and Rie looking at her. The [Lady] pursed her lips, then glanced at Ryoka and nodded.
“In that case, I think we had better see what these [Witches] are doing. Durene, why don’t you accompany Miss Ryoka?”
The half-Troll girl nodded.
“Of course.”
 
 
Day 57 – Ryoka
 
It was an odd experience, starting her day in Riverfarm. Not bad—just odd. Ryoka had abandoned being a City Runner for a second to be, well, a guest. She’d woken up at dawn with Charlay. They were used to an earlier schedule, so they’d tiptoed—well, Ryoka had tiptoed—around Durene and made breakfast. Some odd meat with eggs, corn, and potatoes had been in the bag.
Then when the half-Troll girl had woken up and eaten as well, they’d headed down to the village. Then they’d met first thing to hear Wiskeria’s report on what her coven wanted and now they were just walking around Riverfarm. Charlay stretched in the morning air, yawning.
“That was some great sleep I had! And you don’t cook half bad, Ryoka! I think you underdid the meat, though.”
“You’re the one who wanted to throw it in the pan.”
“Hey! I covered you from that evil bird while we made it!”
Durene chuckled. The half-Troll girl walked along the two, listening to their banter. Ryoka felt somewhat easier around Durene after a night, although it was nothing like the strange and friendly bickering she had with Charlay.
“Sorry about that. It’s Frostwing. She can be evil.”
“She’s very beautiful. But also vicious. So this is Riverfarm?”
Ryoka stared around the streets and the people bustling about. It was amazing. Durene nodded proudly.
“That’s right. We built all this since you last came by, Ryoka! And we’re working on new houses every day!”
“It’s incredible progress. When I was here last, the village was still snowed in. From the avalanche…sorry.”
Durene’s face had clouded over. The half-Troll girl shook her head and smiled brightly.
“It’s fine. It feels like ages ago, really.”
It did. Ryoka nodded, remembering those times. Frost Faeries. Magic and snow and dead things around a fire. And it would be summer, autumn, and then winter before they arrived. The spring wasn’t even over! She frowned up at the sky. Were…seasons longer in this world?
“At least it’s a nice day. Very bright. Too bright. Hey, is there anywhere to drink? I need water.”
Charlay grumbled as she clip-clopped along. Many people were stopping to stare at a Centaur in their midst. Durene looked almost pleased to not be the center of attention.
“Of course! This is Riverfarm after all. You can see the river that way! And beyond it are the fields—hey, wait!”
Charlay took off excitedly. Durene jogged after her, but she couldn’t have caught Charlay in a thousand years. She turned back to Ryoka,
“She’s really fast!”
“And excitable. Sorry for foisting her on you.”
Durene hesitated at the word ‘foist’. Then she nodded, smiling. She looked around, and then edged closer. Ryoka resisted the urge to hop back; she had bare feet and Durene’s feet could easily smash one of hers.
“Um, Ryoka, I know Rie and Prost wanted me to follow you. But if you have any ideas, you know, from yours and Laken’s world—”
Ryoka winced. Damn, so Durene had remembered. She hissed back up at her.
“Don’t talk about that, please. Anyone could be listening.”
