6.40 E
Page 26
“This is unfair! Those [Witches] killed a man! And they’re being allowed to go free?”
“Justice was served. You may dispute it, but I would ask anyone who was present. Or do you not know what Elmmet did, Miss Rehanna? I would repeat it, but I won’t sully my tongue with that filth.”
Rie’s voice was as cold as ice. She had heard from Prost what Elmmet had done and as far as she was concerned, he had died too slow. Abusing a child like that—Rie felt her stomach churning. Rehanna just stared at Rie and then her expression twisted.
“But they’re [Witches]. They—”
She looked around, realized no one was coming to her support, and turned and stormed off. Rie tsked, the only expression of anger she could let herself show.
“Dreadful woman.”
She said as much to Eloise later that day. The [Witch] was hosting a tea party again, and this time Rie let herself be sucked into the circle of women—and men!—relaxing with her. The [Witch], or perhaps, [Tea Witch], had a Skill. But since it was clearly being used to calm and relax and build relationships between the disparate folk sitting around her, Rie was only too keen to encourage it. She smiled at Eloise. The woman was serving a sweeter tea today, one perfect for the children bouncing on laps. She had snaps, tea—where had she gotten it all from?
“A [Witch] does have her ways, Miss Rie.”
Eloise reached out and tapped Rie’s hand with a smile when Rie asked. It wasn’t even offensive, or patronizing, that was the thing. She was so…non-[Witch]-like that you couldn’t help but relax around her.
Part of Rie wondered if Ryoka Griffin was right and Eloise had a dark secret. She couldn’t imagine it, looking at the woman adjusting her flowery hat. Rie was no stranger to people with secrets, and Eloise struck her as genuine. If she had any hidden depths, they weren’t the ones that would come out and bite someone.
“Miss Eloise, you are a delight. Truly. I must say, this is such a pleasant experience. And after I thought—well, with those other [Witches]—but you’re so unlike them!”
A former [Shopkeeper] confessed as she ate hungrily from the plate of scones that Eloise was offering around. Rie knew what she meant, even if it was delivered with all the tact of a hammer to the hand. Eloise was sociable, kind, and generous. Totally unlike the others. She’d even invited Rehanna to the tea party. Rie was relieved the woman had declined and only snatched a few of the delicious scones.
“You’re too harsh on my fellow [Witches], Miss Velmir. And you, Miss Rie. Too harsh on Miss Rehanna, I think. We all benefit from considering others with kindness. My current coven is indeed full of [Witches] unlike me. But what they offer, they offer freely. You may always refuse them. Take Hedag for example. She is at work, and she is quite kind. Hers is a helping hand for those who need it. In her way, she is far better a [Witch] than I.”
Eloise gestured across the street towards Hedag. Rie turned in her seat, frowning. The [Executioner] had garnered a huge berth this morning and Rie had expected no one—save for perhaps angry folk from Lancrel—to go near her. She’d been expecting trouble, but to her surprise, Hedag had a number of children about her. And women.
Perhaps it was her booming laugh, or the way she was willing to toss children up or listen to them talk. She sat, listening to a girl solemnly show her a flower. She—Rie’s eyes focused on the girl’s face and narrowed.
“That’s Elmmet’s child.”
The tea circle went silent. Eloise nodded.
“Yes.”
“But she killed—”
