6.40 E
Page 11
Mavika spoke first. She scattered crumbs as she spoke, chewing, eating. Her eyes were dark like the birds she could summon. The others nodded. Only Wiskeria was out of the know.
“The Circle of Thorns. Who are they?”
“An old group. Or young! Depending on how you look at it. They were before my time, but Belavierr and Mavika remember them. A group of nobles. I suppose they style themselves as secretive, but the name’s plenty to remember.”
Hedag leaned on the table. Her expression was grim. Flinty. Wiskeria saw Eloise fill her cup. The oldest-looking [Witch] still smiled in her grandmotherly way, but Wiskeria wasn’t fooled. She wouldn’t want to cross any [Witch] present. Not Califor, flicking dust off her robe that Mavika was scattering, or Alevica, who was surreptitiously adding some whiskey into her cup. They were all senior [Witches] in this coven, by power if not age in Alevica’s case. As for why they had come, it was simple.
“I do not know why Tillica summoned the coven. Perhaps she was forced. Perhaps she erred for neither Thallisa nor I were present to hear the offer. We came too late and repaid blood with blood. But the offer I do know. My flock heard it from those who committed the deed before they were repaid. They called for a curse upon Magnolia Reinhart and her kin. A spell so powerful and so foul that she would die screaming, boiled by her very skin.”
Mavika looked unconcerned by the spell. Wiskeria shuddered.
“No wonder the Marshlands Coven refused. Even if they could pull a spell like that off—against a [Lady]’s protective enchantments? And if they succeeded, then what?”
“It would be war against [Witches] as in times past. But it seems it was war either way. It was a poor offer to make. Regrettable that Mavika wasn’t present.”
Miss Califor’s clipped voice made Wiskeria turn to her. The no-nonsense tone raised Wiskeria’s anger.
“Aren’t you grieving? These [Witches] are dead!”
Her voice broke on the last bit. Califor just stared at Wiskeria reprovingly.
“I have grief to give, Witch Wiskeria. And I will give it as it matters, in my time. But I did not journey three hundred miles with Nanette to wail away! We are here for more business than simply vengeance! What matters is that [Witches] are being targeted. This Circle of Thorns intended your coven to die, had they accepted or not. That is what should concern you.”
“Yes.”
Hedag and Eloise nodded as well. Alevica sipped from her flask. She nodded much more casually at Wiskeria. They had met, and Wiskeria knew Alevica did not like to stand on formality. She was probably only doing so because of Mavika, Califor, and Belavierr.
“Essentially, Wiskeria, we’re here because we don’t want more [Witches] to die. You being told is Mavika’s thing. Sorry, but we have bigger issues.”
“Like meeting Laken. Why do you want to meet him? He is an [Emperor], you know.”
Wiskeria felt protective of Laken. He had no idea what he was coming back to. The others nodded. Mavika reached for another biscuit.
“We know. And that authority is his to claim. We care not for it, only what it may offer. All that passes comes again. It matters not what nations rise or fall. Only that [Witches] do not meet their end.”
“So why—”
“Sanctuary.”
