6.40 E
Page 22
It wasn’t as poetic as Ryoka would have liked. But it was simple and to the point. And as she said it, Ryoka bowed slightly. She looked up and saw Mavika regarding her. The [Witch] seemed to be looking for sarcasm or mockery in Ryoka’s voice or posture. But there was none. Somewhat mollified, she beckoned.
And the murder of ravens came down and landed. In the wheat, on the ground—hundreds of birds. The [Farmers] backed up uneasily, but the birds just stood there, flapping a wing, cawing, but silent. And they all looked at Ryoka and Prost. The City Runner wavered. Okay. That was more creepy than she would have liked. But Mavika grinned then.
“Respect for a [Witch] is rare indeed. So I will make my offer plain and fair, City Runner. Give my flock a field of food. A hundred paces by a hundred paces from there to there. Of your best corn, freshly grown. And for one week, my crows will call Riverfarm their home.”
She pointed to a patch of corn with the ripest and biggest corn, almost as nice as Farmer Lupp’s crop. Ryoka looked around as the [Farmers] began to protest. Ram looked outraged.
“Give our corn? But that’s our best crop! And for what—”
“Ram. Shut up.”
Prost elbowed the man. Ryoka looked at Mavika. She was grinning again.
“By ‘call it their home’, what do you mean, Witch Mavika? It sounds like the [Farmers]  would be giving away their food for nothing.”
The [Witch]’s eyes glinted.
“Not for nothing, wind’s child. For not a single blade or seed will my flock eat. And instead this bargain shall they meet: every rodent buried in your fields they’ll kill. And no bird shall feast from your fields at will. My flock will devour the insects who plague your fields. For but a portion of your yields.”
She really liked to rhyme. But everyone who heard her understood what she meant. Ram looked up.
“Both birds and rodents? The damn grasshoppers too?”
“If she could do that—but for our fresh corn? How do we know the crow’s won’t eat more?”
A female [Farmer] protested. Ryoka saw Mavika’s glare and turned hurriedly.
“Mister Prost, I don’t think Mavika would allow her crows to eat more than what was offered. They’ll probably have enough with all the pests. That’s the deal she offered; I don’t know how fair it is.”
“A hundred paces by a hundred paces. And that’s good corn. Enough to feed a lot of mouths. Or one flock. We need to think about it. Give us a second?”
Prost grimaced as he considered it. He stepped back as Ryoka nodded and Ram and a few senior [Farmers] huddled around him. Ryoka watched as they discussed, clearly doing a [Farmer]’s calculations and glancing at Mavika. Wondering if they could trust her, no doubt.
Ryoka didn’t worry about that. Rather, she kept her eyes on Mavika because she didn’t really want to turn her back on all those staring crows. Or the [Witch] herself. Mavika seemed content to wait with all eyes on her. She had the kind of poise Ryoka dreamed of. The Asian girl did not. After a second or two of desperate smiling, Ryoka cleared her throat. Several crows near her flapped their wings.
“Um. I’m—Ryoka. Ryoka Griffin, Witch Mavika. I’m honored to meet—”
“I know who you are, wind’s child. Belavierr pointed you out to me.”
“She did? I mean—did she say—I’m delighted to—”
Mavika cut Ryoka off.
“It matters not. I am not here to be friends with you, wind’s child. Nor these [Farmers]. Look for Eloise if you seek that. Only seek me if you have something to offer and something to take. Now step aside. Now I will see if the path that brought me here was a one that was worth the effort to take.”
