6.40 E
Page 23
She gestured and Ryoka saw Prost approaching her with Ram and two [Farmers] at his back. The [Steward] looked determined.
“Witch Mavika. If you agree your flock will take not one plant more than that section there—we’ll agree to your terms. One week of keeping our fields clear. Is it agreed?”
“You swear to leave my flock safe in the skies? No [Hunter] will shoot arrows at them or traps bring them down? If one crow dies, I claim the forfeit of our deal and three times as many fields our prize.”
Mavika pointed at her flock. There was another mutter, but Prost silenced it with a look.
“Spread the word. You know it’s a good deal. We have an infestation in our fields. How much wheat and crops do you think we’d lose? I say it’s a deal, Witch Mavika. Do we shake on it or sign—?”
He jumped backwards as the murder of crows took off into the sky. Mavika threw back her head and laughed.
“A word is good enough until broken! Let my flock work, Steward Prost! And you, wind’s child, play no games with the wind! Now, ravens of Mavika’s flock, fly!”
And they did. The crows took into the wing, cawing, and dove into the fields. Ryoka saw the [Farmers] exclaim in horror as they aimed straight at one wheat field, but the crows weren’t aiming at the wheat. True to Mavika’s claim, they avoided the plants and began tearing at the ground, at tiny shapes. Ryoka saw a flurry of movement and saw hundreds of grasshoppers shoot up, fleeing the crows. But the birds were already after them, landing, tearing up the soil to eat the bugs as they hid.
“Dead gods!”
Durene exclaimed as she and the other [Farmers] watched the crows flying about. They were efficient! And coordinated; the bugs fled at random, but the crows boxed them in. And that was only a portion of the flock. Some took to the air, circling, jeering at other birds. Some landed on the corn they’d been given, pecking already and fighting with their brethren. But the last group circled around Mavika. She had walked into one field of potatoes and was studying it.
“You say there are rodents in the ground? Rats and moles and mice or larger things?”
Her voice was almost conversational. Businesslike as she talked to Prost. He nodded and Ram hurried over.
“In this field and a few more. At least, we think it’s them. We’ve raked the spots and brought in dogs, but they keep coming—”
He paused as a bird landed and cawed at Mavika. The [Witch] seemed to listen to it and nodded.
“Yes. Rats.”
“Can you find them? We could turn up the fields if your crows work like terriers. Even our dogs are stymied by so many fresh burrows…”
Prost’s question was answered by a shake of Mavika’s head. She smiled again and pointed up.
“My flock have the [Eyes of Many]. They will find whatever hides. But keep back and let them work. It will not be long; they have hunted far larger than rats in times far past and gone.”
And sure enough, no sooner had she spoken then the group of crows circling overhead was broken up by another bird. Ryoka squinted up and saw a different black shape among the crows. A solitary raven, far larger than the rest. The crows made way warily as the raven landed on a patch of dirt. And then shrieked.
“Nevermore.”
“What was that?”
Mavika looked around. Ryoka coughed.
“Nothing. Sorry.”
The raven was digging at the dirt with its claws. It was large, even for a raven. And it’s efforts were rewarded in less than a minute. There was a flurry and then something burst from the ground. A huge rat, nearly four feet long erupted from the ground. The [Farmers] roared and the raven took off as the rat lunged at it.
