6.40 E
Page 20
“You see? We’re all combining our Skills on the other side. The [Farmers], I mean. We’re growing as fast as we can since there are so many people to feed; we’ve harvested three times already from some parts! And Prost wants this to be twice as big when we’re done! We’re going to grow potatoes, corn, carrots—all kinds of stuff!”
“That’s incredible.”
Ryoka stared across the farmland. It was a substantial amount of work, and that would be if Riverfarm’s folk had access to tractors and combine harvesters! But they’d done this themselves. She saw hundreds, no, over a hundred men and women working the fields, and more in the distance, clearing land for use. Durene nodded proudly.
“It’s great. The only trouble is pests.”
“Pests? What’s this about pests?”
Charlay was back. She excitedly waved the two over to a small bridge someone had built over part of the river. Ryoka had to pause to admire it too; it wasn’t much more than a sloping bridge, but the fact that someone had engineered it—complete with a keystone construction, only with wood blocks—told her that there was some serious talent here. The fields and new houses—Ryoka decided that Riverfarm might be poor, but it had serious talent that could be used. Durene strode over to the other side and pointed at some wheat, already ready to harvest.
“It’s rats. And birds. And other animals. It happens with most fields, but even scarecrows don’t keep them away with this much food. We have night patrols, but without Laken, it’s hard to handle stuff like rats.”
“Why’s that?”
“Well, because we keep growing stuff. And the rats make these burrows and only come out at night mostly—Laken could find them the instant they arrived, but we have to keep searching!”
Durene pounded a fist into her hand, looking frustrated. It was a [Farmer]’s dilemma. Ryoka nodded absently. Charlay did too.
“That sounds awful. I hate rats. But this wheat looks nice. Let me try some! And there’s a lot of lovely grass around here!”
So saying, she reached down and plucked a stalk of wheat and began to nibble at it. Ryoka and Durene stared at Charlay. The City Runner frowned.
“Do you eat grass, Charlay?”
The Centauress jumped and blushed.
“No! I mean, not unless I was really hungry. Grass is too hard, let alone hay. There’s some nice grasses that you can get in Baleros, though. Very soft. Why? Hey! Are you being racist again?”
“Not me. But why don’t you stop eating the wheat? That’s Riverfarm’s food.”
“Aw, but it tastes good. And it’s one stalk. You’ve got tons, right, Durene?”
The Centauress grabbed another. Durene hesitated. But someone else ran up, shouting in outrage.
“Hey! That’s our crop! Begone, you—uh—”
Mister Ram paused as he stared at Charlay. She pranced away, looking offended.
“I just wanted a bit. You’ve got tons!”
“That’s our crop! And we’ve having enough troubles keeping birds and rodents away as it is. Not to mention the damned bugs! Durene, we’ve got grasshoppers now. Northeastern fields. Can you believe it?”
Durene groaned. Ryoka made a face. Bugs, rodents, and birds. She didn’t envy Riverfarm’s [Farmers] their job. The half-Troll girl grimaced.
“We have to get rid of them fast! Otherwise they’ll eat half the fields! Let me lend a hand and I’ll tell Prost we need everyone to get over and help get rid of them. Ryoka, is there some way we can get rid of grasshoppers quick?”
She looked expectantly at Ryoka. The City Runner froze. Ram blinked, and then swung around to her.
“What? Me? I have no idea. Unless—a pesticide? Water and soap, maybe?  I really don’t know.”
