6.40 E
Page 0

Day 56 – Ryoka
 
“Good morning to you all.”
Belavierr’s words echoed across the street. They were such innocuous words. Delivered politely by a blank face. Luminescent orange eyes with ringed pupils. And the [Witch] herself, tall, dressed like she had walked out of a story.
Not just her either. Seven [Witches]. No—eight. Alevica, Califor, Nanette, Hedag, Mavika, Eloise, Belavierr. And—Wiskeria. She looked up at Belavierr. She’d called her mother.
Ryoka’s head spun. She looked around the crowded street and heard a strangled shout. A woman with a pale face, snappy, fancy clothes compared to many of Riverfarm’s people, stepped forwards.
“Are you quite serious? What is this?”
There was a note of hysteria in the woman’s voice as she pointed. At the [Witches]. At the one called Hedag. Her axe was still bloody. Ryoka’s eyes were drawn to it. The woman, a giant, smiled as the shouting woman’s voice rose.
“She killed Councilman Elmmet! With everyone to see!”
“He deserved it!”
Another man roared that. This one Ryoka vaguely recognized. A huge, balding man—a [Blacksmith] to judge by his clothes, pushed forwards. His face was pale as well, but he pointed furiously at the woman.
“You were there! You saw it, Councilwoman Beatica! I say it was just! Pah! Dead gods, if what we saw was true—”
He spat, looking ill. The Councilwoman or whomever she was stared at the man and then shook her head. She stared past the [Witches] at a woman lying on the ground.
“Miss Rehanna as well? They’ve attacked two people of Lancrel—no, of Riverfarm! Sovereign citizens! Steward Prost, I demand you arrest them at once!”
She pointed a finger at the [Witches]. Eight pointed hats turned and Beatica’s finger quavered. The looks from some of the [Witches]—the hunched Mavika, Califor’s gaze, Belavierr’s—Ryoka edged back from Beatica, as did a lot of the crowd.  Beatica’s finger slid sideways out of self-preservation, pointing at a weathered man. Again, Ryoka recognized him.
“That’s Prost!”
She muttered to herself. He was a [Steward] now? No—had he been when she last met him? She had no idea.
“Who?”
A figure bent down and whispered to Ryoka. The Runner girl jumped and looked up. Charlay was half-crouched, staring over the heads of the crowd. The Centauress was getting a few odd looks, but, amazingly, in this all-Human crowd she was still far from the most notable thing at the moment. Ryoka hesitated.
“Prost. I know him.”
She stared at Mister Prost. She had been to Riverfarm before. Once. But it was completely different from what she knew! It was four times again as large and the people! The street was filled and this was only a fraction of those present. Ryoka could see more coming this way, some at a run. She stared around. This was Laken’s empire? What had gone on since she’d left? And what was going on now?
The man that Councilwoman Beatica had addressed looked like he was adjusting to all of the events as well. He glanced at a well-dressed [Lady] on his left. Ryoka blinked and realized she had to be Lady Rie Valerund, Ryoka’s target for her delivery. The giant, grey-skinned girl on the right was immediately recognizable to Ryoka as well. Durene towered over all but Belavierr, Hedag, and Charlay. Half-Troll. Laken’s…girlfriend. She looked uncertainly at Prost, then at the Witch named Wiskeria. The hats lying on the ground.
“Murderer!”
Someone in the crowd hurled that at Hedag. Another pointed at Mavika.
“I saw her! She cursed Rehanna! Burnt the flesh right off her hand!”
