6.40 E
Page 12
The word came from Belavierr. And it was the first word she’d spoken in ten hours, since she’d greeted Wiskeria. The others went silent as Belavierr put down her cup and biscuit. Untouched. She looked down at Wiskeria, and her ringed eyes glowed. Wiskeria returned the gaze. It would scare anyone else in this world, but not Wiskeria. She had known that stare since she was a baby. Once, it had been reassuring.
Belavierr did not waste words. She spoke flatly, her face never changing. Her eyes locked on Wiskeria’s.
“That is why we have come. To call on this [Emperor] for sanctuary for all [Witches] on his lands. To inform you, Daughter, of your Coven’s demise. We wish for sanctuary.”
Wiskeria blinked.
“You mean—for you?”
Hedag laughed gently.
“Not just her. Belavierr means sanctuary and protection, Wiskeria, child. That might apply to me, although I’d be content to roam. No, it just means that if need be, we can flee here. Rally, knowing there’s an army at our backs. It might be a small army, to look at this village!”
“Not just an army, but the protection of his name.”
Eloise swirled the tea in her cup gently. She nodded to Wiskeria, smiling.
“It is a risk, but this [Emperor] may gain more power. And if he needs us, if we strike a deal, it would be the first noble or city to openly ally with our kind in an age, Wiskeria my dear. That’s what brings this coven to you.”
“So you want me to intercede with him. Why all come yourselves, then?”
Wiskeria breathed out. She could have done this herself! But the reproving looks came from all sides this time. Alevica tsked, looking amused. Califor’s voice was sharp.
“You of all [Witches] should understand that a decision this large cannot be made without a coven to witness it! One [Witch]’s word has weight, but we represent the interest of all our covens. Witch Wiskeria, this is not the decision of some of the [Witches] of Izril.”
Wiskeria’s eyes widened.
“Wait—you mean all of them?”
The seven nodded slowly. And Wiskeria felt a chill like the one that Ryoka had felt run up her arms and spine. All the [Witches] of Izril? Then that meant they were serious. That meant they were predicting Laken would gain power. And authority. And land. And—
“How dangerous is the Circle of Thorns?”
All eyes turned to Mavika and Belavierr. Mavika shrugged, hunched.
“I remember them once. Two generations hence, when they slew members of the Five Families. Old blood, old feuds spilling onto the earth. A time of shadows and death.”
She looked at Belavierr. Wiskeria’s mother was still staring at Wiskeria. Slowly, she turned her head to Mavika’s. And nodded.
“I remember them thrice. They come again and again. And twice, they culled more than their enemies. [Witches] died. War came to Izril from north and south.”
The coven waited. Belavierr paused. She reached down, picked up the tea cup and sipped from it. Then she began eating the biscuit. Eloise and Hedag traded a look. Alevica looked about to laugh, then caught Mavika’s eye and went still. Califor exhaled through her nose and pointedly looked at Wiskeria. The young [Witch] sighed. This was all so familiar, even as dire as it sounded.
“Mother, how bad was the war? How many [Witches] died?”
Belavierr paused. As Wiskeria understood it, she was surprised by the question. If she could be surprised, really. She didn’t…understand things like other people did. She looked up and replied calmly.
“Three hundred and twelve. The war lasted thirty four years.”
