6.40 E
Page 29
Someone suggested that from the back of the circle. Eloise turned and the laughter faded uneasily. The [Witch] looked around and nodded.
“Yes. And no. She offers trinkets, charms, and she can be very good. Helpful, even. If she sells her trinkets, I would advise you to buy them no matter the cost. But if she seeks you out, I would not take any deal she offers you. And I fear, Miss Rie, that she is seeking to practice her craft today.”
She walked past the circle of people sitting around her table. Rie followed her.
“And how do you know that, Miss Eloise?”
“Because I know what she looks for. Which is why I am here, Lady Rie Valerund. Just like how Hedag sits with the children and worried wives. We know who seeks us. And I am seeking the same person Belavierr looks for. Will you convince her to sit with me?”
The [Witch] pointed ahead. And Lady Rie saw the woman she was indicating.
“Rehanna? Why her?”
The woman was sitting by herself now, on the ground. Her hand was healed, but she was holding it as if it were still burned. And her face was bitter, angry—and miserable. She sat alone, and neither Riverfarm’s folk, nor Lancrel’s people were with her. She was a villager, but she had scorned Wiskeria’s gift and she wasn’t one of the city dwellers who joined together to sneer at what made Riverfarm’s people so enduring. Eloise looked at Rehanna.
“I asked, and she was one woman of many Belavierr would look for. But I think, she would be the first Belavierr sought. Her grief is fresh. And she is alone of friends. I realize she is not pleasant, Lady Rie. But she has a reason to her grief.”
Rie frowned. There was a puzzle here and her mind realized she was missing something.
“You don’t mean her husband. She was recently bereaved—”
“Half. That is half the reason. Do you know why she came to Riverfarm with her husband, Miss Rie?”
“She…was fleeing the Goblins. I think she was part of Mister Helm’s village. Windrest.”
“Yes. She has a husband there. A home. And a child.”
“Oh. I didn’t know.”
Rie stared at Rehanna. So she’d had a child before she fled. Which meant the Goblins had killed her. Him. Was it a baby? A miscarriage? Or a young child?
It changed nothing, surely. Rehanna was still the woman who’d kicked over Wiskeria’ kettle and who had tried to overturn Laken’s authority. But knowing that one fact changed a lot. It made her look like a different woman, sitting there. Rie looked at Eloise, ashamed. And the [Witch] nodded. She adjusted her hat.
“Kindness asks questions, Lady Rie Valerund. And it is kindness I seek to spread. That is my craft, my reason for existing and my root of magic. It is not Belavierr’s. So hope that I succeed.”
She strode forwards towards Rehanna. Rie watched, uncomprehending, but now she felt it. On the very edges of her senses. Not the senses she had as a [Lady], but something more primal. A tickling on the back of her neck. A little tapping at her mind telling her to look.
She turned around slowly. And for a second, she didn’t see Belavierr. But the [Witch]’s presence had silenced the merry tea party on the street. Every head turned, until they were all looking in the same direction.
And then you saw her. Standing in the shadow of two houses, as still as a statue. Her wide hat was raised, her glowing eyes staring. Across the street, Eloise looked up as Rehanna spat at her. She bent down and offered the woman a hand. Rehanna slapped it away. And Belavierr began to walk.
“This way, children.”
