6.40 E
Page 21
Ryoka backed up a bit. She had a lot of useless knowledge like how to make a bomb (purely for anarchistic reasons of a rebellious child), but she’d never looked into stuff like pesticides. But she could try. Maybe this was what Laken meant. Durene brightened at the word.
“Pesti-what? You mean, like an [Alchemist] draught? I heard some sell stuff to [Farmers].”
“That’s right! Are you an [Alchemist], Miss? No. Wait. You’re that City Runner people were talking about, right? Well, maybe we can send for some potions! But the cost—”
Ram looked excited and then worried. Ryoka bit her lip, thinking hard. She could experiment, but she didn’t actually know if soap and water would kill most insects. It probably didn’t have much staying power. And rats? Birds? She was hesitating, wishing she hadn’t blurted that out without time to think when there was a sound.
Flapping. The skies darkened and Ryoka heard a cawing of dozens, no, hundreds of birds. Ram looked up and swore.
“Fecking wormrot. What is that?”
That was a murder of crows. And Mavika. She walked across the river towards the fields as the [Farmers] put down their tools and turned. Above her head swirled a mass of crows, driving off the other birds in the area, their voices shrill. Silently, the [Witch] approached Ram, Durene, and Ryoka. Charlay had decided she wanted to inspect the corn.
“Farmer, farmers, gather around and give me your ears. For I have a bargain for all to hear.”
It sounded like a spell, but from Mavika’s mouth and by the smile on her lips, it was mockery. Ram glared as more [Farmers] approached, looking wary and holding hoes or scythes not quite as weapons. Ryoka, for her part, had seen Birds by Alfred Hitchcock and had decided that if things went south, she was going to jump in the water and hold her breath.
“What do you want? Mister Prost told you not to interfere with us, didn’t he? If those things land in our fields and try to eat our produce, he’ll sort you out!”
Ram shook a fist at Mavika. The [Witch] regarded him with black eyes, and then turned. Prost was striding towards them at speed.
“What’s this about? Witch Mavika?”
“I’ve come to offer my craft. And strike a deal. That was the terms you gave, [Steward] of this land. I’ve yet to make my offer. Refuse it or let it stand. But my offer must be made before it can be rejected. Or is it offense you want to give?”
The [Witch] peered around, her eyes flicking from face to face. And Ryoka saw her smile with yellowed teeth as the crows jeered. But—she didn’t shudder with revulsion as many of the other people did. She looked at Durene. And then at Mavika. And what Ryoka felt was…a memory.
She looked at Mavika and saw pride. Pride, and contempt. She was daring Prost and the [Farmers]. Expecting them to react with insults. She reminded Ryoka of the fae. And Ryoka, looking at Prost, saw the man was about to snap back. And that would be a mistake, because Mavika was the kind of person who didn’t deescalate in front of threats.
So Ryoka stepped in front of Prost. She caught his eye and he paused. Silently, Ryoka met his gaze. Then she turned to Mavika and bowed. The [Witch] hadn’t expected that. Nor did she expect the smile Ryoka gave her. The City Runner answered her, pitching her voice to be heard by the [Farmers] and crows alike.
“Witch Mavika, I’ll speak for the [Farmers] and those gathered here. You’ve come to offer a deal fairly and for that we’ll hear you out. We can’t promise a deal will be struck. But a bargain made in faith should be answered with faith. What does the Marshland’s [Witch] offer Riverfarm?”
