6.40 E
Page 1
Every eye fixed on Rehanna. The woman was passed out. Tears, contorted face—the smell of burnt flesh still hung in the air, appetizing and nauseating at once. Her hand was whole, though. The speaker hesitated.
“She did do it! It was healed—but that [Witch] cursed her!”
“Only after she kicked over Wiskeria’s brew! She made a potion—right magical it was! The best thing I’d smelled in my life! And Rehanna kicked over the whole pot!”
Another man shouted back. He furiously gestured to an overturned cauldron, and brown, foul-smelling liquid drying on the ground. Ryoka eyed the stew. Prost looked over, a frown on his face. He raised his hand and forestalled more shouting.
“Is this true, Ram? Tell me what happened here.”
The man named Ram nodded.
“What happened was—see Wiskeria and Durene came into the village with a stew. Something magical! She was all set to share it out and Lady Rie’s man, Nesor, he said it was the best stew he’d had! We were getting in line when Rehanna rushed over, and the idiot kicked the entire thing over! Started calling our Wiskeria a [Witch] and all sorts of things—she was running away when she grabbed the doorknob and that [Witch]…”
He pointed uncertainly at Mavika and trailed off. Every eye turned to Mavika. Two crows sat on her arms and shoulders. They peered around, unafraid of the crowd. The [Witch] only smiled as Prost turned to her.
“Is this true, Miss?”
“An ill for an ill. That is what I did. The woman called Rehanna repaid goodwill for bad. So she in turn reaped hers. Do you object, [Steward] of this land?”
There was a rhythmic, odd cadence to Mavika’s words. It would have been clichéd to call it ‘cawing’; Ryoka was rather reminded of a [Witch] right out of Macbeth. Mavika could have won first casting if she’d been an actor. Hell, she could walk onto a stage right now and begin citing verse.
But she was the real thing as well. And Ryoka’s skin crawled as the witch’s words provoked a cawing from overhead. The flock of crows circled the houses, making the obnoxious, shrill birdcalls Ryoka knew from home. But again—the crowd shivered as it looked up. There was something different about the cawing than the obnoxious bird flocks that sometimes crossed in the thousands from Ryoka’s world. These crow’s voices sounded too knowing. Mocking, even.
A murder of crows. Ryoka shivered. How fitting for a [Witch]. Why were they here? To meet Laken? Mavika’s words produced a hush, until the Councilwoman, Beatica, spoke up again.
“An ill for an ill? That was nothing more than—than assault!”
She licked her lips as Mavika stared at her. But Beatica went on, her voice strident. She had a presence about her that called attention to her, lent weight to her words. Ryoka’s eyes narrowed. So this was what Laken’s note had mentioned. She was beginning to see, but she stared quietly. Charlay pawed the ground nervously as Beatica went on.
“Mister Prost! Will you allow these [Witches] to simply stride into Riverfarm? They’ve attacked two people in the village within minutes of arriving! That woman is a murderer!”
She pointed at the tall [Witch], the one with the axe. But the [Witch], with her brown hat, didn’t look bothered by the accusation. She just laughed, a great, booming sound without guilt.
“They call me Hedag, Miss. Hedag the [Executioner]. Sometimes Hedag the [Witch]! And I delivered what justice I had with me in my axe. In a swing for a man who deserved no more and no less. Or did you not see me reveal his sins? Do you say it was ill-done? That he deserved better? You saw what he did.”
