6.40 E
Page 4
Another murmur, but subdued. Mavika stared at Prost, unblinking. Credit to Prost, he didn’t look away or flinch. He met Mavika’s gaze and looked at the others. Only Belavierr gave him trouble. But Prost looked at them and then around at the crowd.
“[Witches]. You are his Majesty’s guests. People of Lancrel, you are his subjects. You came to his lands seeking protection and aid and it was offered freely. And I know there is discontent. Trouble! But I will remind everyone here present of this: you are subject to his rule on this land.”
Prost pointed down at the street. He glared about.
“His Majesty is returning! And until he does, I am in charge. I, the [Steward] of Emperor Godart, and until he returns, my authority rules! Not any Councilwoman, any mob, or any [Witch]! Is that clear?”
He bellowed and there was silence from all corners for a moment. Ryoka whistled very quietly.
“Damn. Prost took a few levels in [Badass] since I last met him.”
“I like him. He shouts a lot.”
Charlay looked approving. Beatica, Rodivek, both were crushed in some way Ryoka understood to be a battle of classes as Prost glared at them. They folded their arms, harrumphed, but didn’t dare speak up. But it was Mavika who spoke up. A crow cawed on her arms and when Prost looked at her, the hunched [Witch] spoke.
“You speak of laws. Of your right to rule, as if you own land and hearts. Perhaps you claim it of these people. But we are [Witches], Emperor’s man. We cannot be anything else. And where we go, we practice our craft. Will you stop us from that? Bind us with laws? Because we will not be held.”
“Mavika.”
One of the other [Witches], Eloise, sighed. The kindly, short, grandmother of a woman stepped forwards and adjusted her hat. She smiled at Prost, and Ryoka saw her smile. She looked kindly, which, contrasted with Mavika or Belavierr, made you suspect she had darker secrets still. Prost folded his arms.
“You are guests, Witch Mavika. Are you threatening to curse more people? Or unleash your flock?”
Eloise sighed as Mavika looked at her.
“Neither. Allow me to explain. We are [Witches], Steward Prost. And we have come here to speak with your [Emperor]. But while we wait, we all have services to offer. I, for instance, sell tea.”
“Tea?”
Prost stared at Eloise. So did much of the crowd. The woman smiled, completely at ease with the incredulous looks.
“Teas, tonics, and treatments for what ails a body. Come to me if you seek a [Healer]’s remedies. For tooth rot, or just company. I do enjoy chatting. My fellow [Witches] offer different things. Mavika wishes to be assured that she will have the right to offer her abilities to others.”
“Which are?”
Prost looked at Mavika. The [Witch] grinned.
“My flock will clear your fields, [Steward]. Or eliminate pests. I can call fortune or misery. But I must be paid. Worth for work fairly done. Will you gainsay it?”
The man chewed this over and then shook his head.
“No. But remember this. Steal, harm, or threaten others in Riverfarm and the surrounding area, and you will answer to me. The same as anyone else. You may practice your business so long as it is fairly done. As long as it does not harm anyone else. Or you will leave or be dealt with. Is that clear?”
Mavika eyed him. The crows cawed and flapped their wings. But at last, she nodded.
“Very well. I am agreed, until a further pact is struck.”
She dipped her head once. Prost nodded as well. Ryoka thought that was the end of it, but one last woman stepped forwards. Hedag. She boomed as Prost turned to look at her, vexed.
