6.40 E
Page 17
Durene looked around. No one was surprised by that, although Prost and Rie were grimacing. Charlay nodded several times when she heard Alevica’s name.
“And Miss Califor?”
“In between. Mostly good, but you hear stories sometimes. She helps those who help themselves. And she has no patience for fools. She’s something of a terror even among other [Witches], actually. She’ll come around if she thinks you’re not behaving properly and sort you out.”
“Ah. So she’s a teacher? A mentor to other [Witches]? What do each of the [Witches] do?”
Wiskeria looked at Ryoka. The two appraised each other and Wiskeria shrugged.
“You’ve probably guessed some of it. Califor’s good at everything she does. Illusions to charms to basic magic and non-magical things—she’s a teacher and she sorts problems out. Mavika is her exact opposite. She hates people, but she has control over all kinds of animals. Crows primarily, but she can control rats and snakes too. And I think she can turn into a bird.”
“She can what?”
Prost and Rie shot up in their seats. So did Durene. The half-Troll girl gaped around. Charlay and Ryoka didn’t look surprised. The Centauress shrugged.
“Like a Lizardfolk I guess.”
“Not exactly. She can turn back.”
Ryoka nodded. She wasn’t shocked at all and Wiskeria and Durene saw that.
“She’s dangerous?”
“Oh yes. But she’s a traditionalist. Remember what she said about ill for ill? She doesn’t attack people. But uh, don’t insult her. Hedag’s actually more likely to hit you. Her magic’s not that strong, but she’s a law unto herself in villages.”
“I know of her. Hedag’s a family name, isn’t it?”
Wiskeria looked surprised.
“That’s right. She comes from a line of [Executioners]. Family trade. Her [Witch] side ties into that. Her passion is her craft.”
“Which is…?”
“Being the law.”
Prost didn’t elaborate. Wiskeria nodded.
“Her magic’s probably the weakest of all the [Witches], but she has Skills to make up for that. Eloise on the other hand is very skillful in herbal magics and…tea. She lives in one village and generally just helps people out.”
Another hand from Ryoka.
“You say that, but does she have any uh, secrets? Like, I’m sure I shouldn’t cross Mavika or Alevica. I do know about her. The Witch Runner. She can fly and use necromancy, right?”
“Among other things. She’s a genius at fighting. Not so much traditional magic, but her being able to fly means she’s one of the best [Witches]. I don’t know of any of the others in the coven who fly with a broom either. Mavika definitely can, but most would prefer to walk.”
“Imagine that Hedag riding a broom.”
Charlay laughed. Durene snorted with amusement. Wiskeria did not. Neither did Ryoka.
“So don’t cross Alevica and Mavika. What about the others? You said Eloise is a ‘good’ witch. But does she have a…secret? Anything that we should know about?”
Durene’s skin crawled. That was right. Now that Ryoka mentioned it, compared to the others, Eloise stood out. Califor could be dangerous, Hedag had an axe and killed people for all she smiled—what was Eloise’ secret?
“Her secret? She doesn’t have one. She’s just nice. We’re not all dangerous, you know.”
Wiskeria gave Ryoka a blank look. The City Runner paused.
“Oh.”
“Anyways, that’s all of them. Except Belavierr.”
“Your mother.”
Rie looked at Wiskeria. The [Witch]’s expression froze. She tugged her hat lower, hiding her eyes.
“Yes. She is. I haven’t seen her in three years.”
“What about her? She’s a…bad witch?”
“Oh yes. The very worst in that respect. She’s not dangerous like Mavika or Alevica. It’s hard to cross her. But she’s dangerous.”
“What does she do?”
