6.40 E
Page 13
And then there was silence. Belavierr could be vague. But sometimes you asked and wished she didn’t answer. Eloise murmured, counting.
“A war between north and south. It must have been—the Ironbreaker conflict? Zelkyr’s War? Or after it—the Gloaning Foothills invasion? No, that was when Terandria invaded. Too early.”
Miss Califor set down her tea cup and the sound silenced the rest. She spoke crisply, and her head swiveled to the room in which her apprentice, Nanette, slept. Wiskeria had known Miss Califor for as long as Mavika. She had never known her to have an apprentice that followed her. Usually Califor went to each person she wanted to straighten out. This was new. But the clear-cut decisiveness in the woman’s voice reassured Wiskeria.
“We may research which war Witch Belavierr mentioned later. It only matters that the Circle of Thorns may endanger [Witches] again. We must not die. We are fewer than we were in the past. And our magic is weaker.”
“The old ways pass.”
Hedag murmured. She sighed and the coven sighed too. Wiskeria was familiar with this as well. She saw Alevica rolling her eyes. Mavika noticed that.
“You have something to say, Witch Alevica?”
“Not me, Mavika. Certainly not about the old ways passing, or less rituals or spells being harder to perform. I’m all for dancing around a pot and making a brew.”
Alevica’s impudent tone made Califor scowl and Eloise sigh. Hedag laughed loud enough to wake Nanette. Mavika just stared until Alevica stopped grinning.
“Our magic fades. The Gnolls call this the Waning World. Do you seek to make light of it, Alevica? In times past, [Witches] summoned beings far greater than your skeletons to make good or ill. Our covens stretched from north to south, but those times do not last. Now, [Witches] may breathe our last. Do you make light of it, Witch Alevica?”
She snapped and in her room, Wiskeria heard Nanette gasp and hide behind the door she was peeking out of. The air around the coven constricted and Wiskeria felt the air leave her lungs. It was suddenly stifling. Choking—as if feathers were crammed down her throat!
Alevica felt it too. The [Witch] raised a hand—and then glared at Mavika. She didn’t back down. And furious sparks raced down her arms, crackling towards Mavika. But they never reached the older [Witch]. In her room, Nanette choked like Wiskeria.
The other [Witches] at the table reacted to the fight in the same moments. Hedag leaned back, grimacing. And she just breathed, in, out, in, out, slowly. Eloise did likewise, grimacing, but doing it with far less effort.
Belavierr didn’t even seem to notice. She was staring at Wiskeria. Only when she noticed her daughter’s expression did she glance sideways. Then her fingers twisted. She grasped something and a bit of thread—Wiskeria felt the pressure on her disappear at once.
And Califor? She was glaring between Alevica and Mavika, put out by the quarrel. Until she looked up and heard her apprentice choking. Then her nostrils flared and her eyes went wide with fury. She raised her hand and slapped it down on the table.
“ENOUGH.”
The room shook. The gathering power slammed Alevica back against the wall she was leaning against and Mavika rocked backwards on her chair. At once, the air resumed its normal quality. The two [Witches] stared at Califor. Alevica had a nosebleed from her left nostril. Mavika just looked annoyed.
“Enough. Nanette, go back to sleep.”
