6.41 E
Page 16
“That’s right. Fear, hatred, loathing, envy, I take it all. I don’t need to pretend to like people or listen to their sad, sordid little lives. I do what I want and that makes me powerful. What I take lasts far longer than any goodwill.”
She winked at Eloise. The older [Witch] gave her a resigned smile. Ryoka looked at Eloise.
“So does that make you a ‘bad witch’?”
Alevica sprayed tea across Nanette and Califor as she laughed. Nanette flung up her arms, and Califor scowled. Not a drop of tea landed on either.
“Alevica. Mind your manners.”
“Sorry. Sorry! ‘Bad witches’? Yeah, I’m a bad [Witch]. I guess that’s how some people look at it. I just think of it as looking after myself. Why do I owe people anything?”
“Oh, perhaps only because they deserve respect. Or that their efforts create the world which you can enjoy. A [Baker] bakes her goods and works hard.”
“And I pay her, Eloise. And if someone wrongs me, I get even. I don’t owe people for anything. Hey Nanette, remember that. A [Witch] can do as she likes. That’s my craft.”
Alevica drained her cup and looked around arrogantly. Nanette was looking equally nervous and awestruck by Alevica. Califor frowned.
“Tell me, Alevica. Does your brand of witchcraft improve this world in any way? Or is it self-indulgent? You rely on others more than any of us, only you expect their hatred. What you have will not last. Every [Witch] falls. When you do, will it be alone?”
The Witch Runner paused. She tossed her cup down and sat up. Ryoka felt something pass by her as the two [Witches] locked gazes. Wiskeria muttered.
“Oh not again.”
But whatever contest was in the air, Alevica clearly wasn’t in the mood for it. The air turned hot for just a second before she looked away. Annoyed, Alevica rose to her feet.
“I’m sure that’s what these wonderful covens are for, Califor. I’m being a good little [Witch] and helping [Witches] everywhere, aren’t I? Don’t lecture me about magic. Not all of us have to hold hands and sing songs. Later.”
She turned. Her broom shot towards her and Alevica hopped up. Her feet landed on the broom and she disappeared, shooting across the ground just a few feet into the air. Ryoka watched her go enviously. Califor just shook her head.
“That would be an example of a [Witch] whose craft is both powerful and self-indulgent, Miss Griffin. Alevica is the most gifted [Witch] of her generation at her age. But her magic is self-destructive. [Witches] like that often end up in early graves.”
There was silence after that pronouncement for a bit. Ryoka sipped from her cup. Alevica had come and gone like a storm. But she had reminded Ryoka of Mavika.
“Wiskeria said Mavika was like Alevica. A bad…I mean, selfish to some degree. What craft does she use?”
She looked at Wiskeria. The [Witch] frowned.
“Crows.”
“Crows?”
“Not all [Witches] need just emotions. The strength of her flock is probably part of her power. I’m sure she uses some stuff. Fear, loathing, uh…superstition?”
She looked at Califor and Eloise for confirmation. Califor nodded.
“It’s an old way. Too cumbersome for my taste.”
“And imagine feeding all the crows. But Mavika is old. And quite powerful.”
Eloise sighed and shook her head. Ryoka nodded. She forbade asking who was most powerful; it seemed like Alevica was lower on that totem pole than Califor, at any rate. Ryoka glanced around and jumped. She’d nearly forgotten about the shadowed [Witch] under the tree. She hesitated, and then plunged into it.
“Okay. Then…do you mind me asking what Belavierr uses?”
