6.41 E
Page 22
And news travelled. But Charlay wasn’t in a place to see the effects. In fact, her next stop in Filk came after she halted three Street Runners, the third of whom pointed her in the direction she wanted to go. As Ryoka had learned in Reizmelt, Runners needed certain services. And one of those services came in a very small room with a greasy man who arrogantly put his feet up on his desk and wasn’t at all impressed by Charlay. She glared at him as she folded her arms.
“Well? Can you do it?”
The man sneered across his desk.
“Of course I can. I’m Filk’s best [Fence] and [Broker].”
“Yeah, and that means what, exactly?”
He twitched a bit at that. The man was a Runner’s Opener and he dealt in letters, but he also had ties to what little of Filk’s criminal underworld there was and he didn’t like Charlay’s tone. But she also looked ready to kick something in his office, so he weighed his options and replied in an annoyed tone.
“You’re asking for information, but how do I know you’re good for it. You’re not local. You could be with the Watch or trying to rat me out to the Runner’s Guild!”
He was just being annoying and both he and Charlay knew it. If he thought she was what he’d claimed, she wouldn’t have found him. Charlay stamped one hoof on the old floorboards.
“I’m cool! And it’s not my request. Check your stupid list. This is from Ryoka Griffin and Fierre of Reizmelt vouches for her. That good for you?”
The man sucked his teeth irritably, but nodded.
“Fierre of Reizmelt. Yeah, I know her. Let me check.”
He was actually a decent [Broker], because he had a file of Runners. Ryoka was a recent addition Charlay noted as she craned her neck to see. The man looked up, covered the sheets of paper and glared.
“Back off!”
“Can’t. Your room’s too small.”
He looked ready to curse her out. Instead, the man decided to up his price. Gold soothed hurt pride. He nodded grudgingly.
“Ryoka Griffin? Your recommendation’s good. But I want payment in advance! No telling how many people I’ll have to ask for information on Rhir-cursed [Witches].”
“How much?”
“Five big ones.”
“Go eat your tail. One.”
“Don’t be a mule. Three.”
“Take it back!”
“Three’s my final—”
“Take it back or I kick you!”
It was not an idle threat. After a few minutes, the haggling was done. Charlay passed over three gold coins. Mainly because there was a broken floorboard that needed fixing now. The [Broker] leaned back as he accepted the coins and glared.
“Come back in four days. You or Ryoka Griffin. And bring more gold, got it?”
“This had better be good. If it’s not, Ryoka will kick your face in—”
“’It’s good! And if it’s not, we’ll talk about fees. Now get out of my office before you kick down a wall!”
Charlay stuck a tongue out at the man as she left. She grumbled as she trotted down the stupid stairs and prepared for a long run back to Riverfarm. Three gold coins? Highway robbery! But it was a down payment and Ryoka might get a lot of information on the [Witches] or none at all, depending on what the [Broker] could find. She could negotiate with him next time.
The Centauress, peeved, began her long run back to Riverfarm. All the things she put up with. And for what? She shook her head, sighing.
“Ryoka’s lucky to have a friend like me.”
 
 
Day 58 – Ryoka
 
The next day, Ryoka Griffin ran. She had avoided Durene all of yesterday except for that night when Charlay had come back. And then Ryoka had distracted the conversation from more ‘ideas’ by thanking Charlay and buttering her up. And today, she’d set out early on the deliveries Ram and the other villagers had wanted her to make.
