6.41 E
Page 18
It was very dark. And Belavierr’s hands kept moving. Ryoka took a step back uneasily. There it was again. That feeling in the air. Like she got with Fierre or the fae. Or Teriarch, come to that. A sense of timelessness. Belavierr had that quality. But also what she’d sensed from the things around the fire. Az’kerash.
Another layer of wrongness. That was it. It wasn’t as…strong as the things around the fire. Az’kerash had been terrifying in another way. But Ryoka sensed that she did not want to see what Belavierr was doing. She looked at Wiskeria. The [Witch] was staring down. She didn’t feel it?
But Belavierr was her mother. And the daughter looked at Ryoka, realized Belavierr was still stitching, and bent.
“Mother. Mother.”
No response. Wiskeria grabbed Belavierr’s shoulder and to Ryoka’s horror, shook her slightly. The [Witch] moved, but kept stitching.
“I think she’s busy—”
“She’s just not paying attention. I hate when she does—hold on.”
Wiskeria made a disgusted sound.  She looked reluctantly at her mother, and then glanced at Ryoka. Then she coughed.
“Um. Mother, I need your help.”
Ryoka had privately been thinking that if Belavierr suddenly looked up or started crawling towards her like some Japanese horror movie, she’d soil herself and run away. And when Belavierr’s head suddenly snapped up, Ryoka got close. She stepped back as the [Witch]’s ringed eyes fixed on Wiskeria.
“Yes, Daughter?”
“Hi, Mother.”
Wiskeria looked like she was sucking on pieces of glass. She glanced at Ryoka.
“I have someone here who wants to ask you questions.”
The head slowly turned and the eyes fixed on Ryoka. The City Runner froze. How could Belavierr be scarier than Fierre and her entire family put together just by turning her head?
“I—I—uh, greetings, Witch Belavierr.”
“Ryoka Griffin.”
The [Witch] stared at Ryoka. Then she stood in one fluid motion. She stared down at Ryoka.
“My Daughter asks me a favor. Something I have not heard in years. You have questions. Ask and I will answer.”
Ryoka hadn’t been prepared for that. She stuttered, looking at Wiskeria, who looked fairly surprised herself.
“W-well, I’m just curious about your uh, craft. Your coven is uh, surprising. Since it’s here in Riverfarm, I mean. I uh—could I ask why you’re—I mean, I know why you’re here. So um…”
The glowing, orange stare was going right through Ryoka. Belavierr didn’t look away and she didn’t blink. Ryoka realized she was waiting for a question. She fumbled for the first one she could think of.
“What—what’s your craft, Witch Belavierr? What do you…do?”
At last, the [Witch] blinked. She raised one hand and Ryoka saw her holding the needle.
“I stitch. Thread. Cloth. My craft is stitching. Sewing. Connection and binding. It is important for a [Witch] to know her craft.”
“Of course. Of course. Uh—”
Ryoka was sweating. She wiped at it. Cold as ice.
“What can you do with stitch magic? I mean, it sounds great. Amazing. But uh, I met Eloise and she makes tea—which is great, but I sort of thought that a [Witch] of her level would have more powerful magic. No offense to Eloise. But what’s her end result? I mean, say she’s Level 80. Does she make tea that can kill a Dragon or something?”
She was blabbering. Wiskeria shot her a glance and stared at Ryoka’s pale expression. She hissed.
“What’s wrong? She’s not going to hurt you.”
Easy for you to say! Belavierr’s eyes flicked to her daughter. Then she shook her head, slowly. Her gaze went to Eloise at her tea party.
