6.41 E
Page 47
It opened its eyes and raised a hand. Ryoka saw stitched cloth waving. Or was it flesh? Moving fingers, wriggling.
A mockery of life. A thing. It was not alive. But Rehanna bent her head and one hand grasped the hand.
“Yes, little one, go to sleep. Don’t wake or cry or you’ll make your mother weep…”
She sang to it. Ryoka couldn’t take her eyes off the thing she held. It was all wrong. It was too close to reality. The cloth had been sewn, given magic. But it was no baby. But it’s eyes. Ryoka saw no life there, but it was realer than any mannequin. She tasted bile. Ahead of her, Wiskeria was frozen. She stared at the woman, her face drained of color.
“Rehanna?”
“Wiskeria?”
The woman looked up. She spotted Wiskeria and stood. Her face beamed with happiness. She stumbled towards Wiskeria, holding the thing proudly. But carefully as any mother.
“Wiskeria! She did it! I didn’t believe her, but she did it! Your mother, Lady Belavierr! Look. Look! She brought him back. See?”
She held out the not-child and Wiskeria recoiled. Rehanna stopped, looking hurt.
“What’s wrong? He’s as healthy as can be. Look—touch him. Don’t cry, little one—”
Another wail. Ryoka stared at Rehanna. She had seen the woman once, lying on the ground, clutching at her ruined hand. She was not the same woman as then.
Her hair was faded. Her hands pale. But she was smiling. Laughing with tears in her eyes as she turned to Wiskeria. The young [Witch] was shaking.
“She brought my baby back. He won’t ever leave. He won’t die. She brought him back.”
“She?”
Wiskeria looked up slowly. Rehanna laughed and turned, gesturing to the tall figure. And the orange eyes found Wiskeria.
Belavierr walked forwards and the world drew back. Rehanna returned to rocking her child, soothing it. And the thing’s voice faded as Belavierr stepped towards her daughter. She stopped there and stooped. Wiskeria looked up at her mother. And Ryoka saw her eyes.
They were the eyes of a daughter who had seen who her mother truly was. Belavierr looked into Wiskeria’s eyes. And after a moment, the [Witch] smiled. Awkwardly. Perhaps even tenderly. She looked Wiskeria up and down and then glanced at Ryoka. She paused, seemed to think, and then spoke.
“Daughter. Did you have a good journey? You appear to be naked.”
Wiskeria did not reply. In the silence of that dark night, as Ryoka looked upon another piece of true magic, the only sound came from a woman. A broken woman. Bereaved. Torn by grief and loss. Perhaps a cruel woman. Spiteful. But broken. And now—mended. With thread. Holding something that sounded and looked like a child.
Rehanna rocked it, standing in the street. She was overjoyed. She smiled and laughed. Oblivious to the world. Holding her baby.
Lost.
 
—-
 
A dark dream walked Riverfarm. But elsewhere, the world turned on, unaware of the ways where nightmares and waking merged. Other concerns kept people’s hearts. Even if the hearts were cold.
Fierre, the Vampire who acted as a broker to Runners in Reizmelt was standing in a place few people knew of. It was a spot where people whose faces were wanted—or anyone who needed to send a [Message] in private—could hire a [Mage]. She spoke curtly, her sharp nails digging into her palms.
“Tell him that if he so much as breathes word she’s there, I will come down to Filk myself and rip out his throat. You hear me?”
