6.41 E
Page 15
“As Miss Califor says. I’m sure Nanette knew that, but identifying exactly what I take is difficult. I like to think I’m quite subtle. But yes. I make people feel better and in exchange, I take some of that good feeling. Just a bit. But—here. This is a cup of tea. What do you think?”
She offered it to Ryoka. The young woman sipped. She tried not to let her face change. Well…it was a tea. Eloise smiled knowingly.
“Well?”
“Hmm. Rooty. Tastes a bit like dirt. But yeah, it’s tea-like.”
“It’s from local roots and herbs. Very inexpensive. Free, in fact. But it does lack for taste. Now try this cup.”
The second cup made Ryoka pause and sniff it suspiciously. She’d looked at both packets and they’d been identical. But this tea smelled completely different! And when she tasted it—
“Take my money.”
Ryoka slapped a few silver coins down on the cloth and Nanette giggled with delight. Eloise laughed as Ryoka drank from the cup. It was amazing! The taste was there, but it was as if you’d taken it and improved it in every was possible. Instead of dirt, the taste was earthen, deep. The older [Witch] waved away Ryoka’s coins.
“I’ll sell you some of my teas. Only one or two though. I’m afraid it won’t do you any good to keep them for more than a few days, Miss Griffin. I could sell you some longer-lasting teas, but even if you tried to use a [Preservation] spell, it wouldn’t do you any good. Bags of holding don’t work either.”
“Really? Why? Wait—is it—?”
The City Runner’s blinked down at her cup. Nanette sat up eagerly, but Ryoka’s mind raced towards the connection. She looked up and her eyes shone.
“Of course. It’s goodwill. It runs out quick.”
This time Eloise’s laughter made Alevica, floating past them, raise her hat and stare at the group. Califor blinked and nodded grudgingly. Wiskeria and Nanette looked impressed. Califor sighed.
“You could be a good [Witch], young lady. If only you’d been called earlier.”
“Hey! Is that Ryoka Griffin over there?”
Alevica called out and then swam over. She walked over to them, shedding water. Ryoka saw her flick her hands and her clothes flew from a nearby tree branch towards her. She dressed herself as the water steamed off her body. Califor rolled her eyes at the display. Ryoka was intensely jealous.
“It is you. I knew you were interesting when I met you. Eloise, pass me a cup of whatever’s in that, will you? What’re we talking about? I’m so bored here I feel like flying off and killing some of the [Bandits].”
The Witch Runner sprawled out. Eloise poured her a cup as Califor eyed Alevica severely. Ryoka looked at Alevica’s cocksure grin.
“I’m asking about [Witches].”
“Oh? Well in that case, why didn’t you ask me? You’d probably be most similar to me anyways. What, did Eloise explain her magic to you? That’s right. She uses goodwill. Now, here’s the real trick. What do I use?”
Alevica shot Ryoka a challenging grin. She reminded Ryoka…of Ryoka. Only, more confident than Ryoka could ever remember being. More dangerous too. Ryoka remembered Alevica laughing as she killed the [Bandits]. The young woman thought for a moment. Alevica. She hadn’t seen her harvesting any emotions from the brief time she’d met her.
Or had she? Ryoka looked up and met Wiskeria’s eyes. She recalled Charlay’s fear of Alevica. Ryoka glanced at the [Witch]’s smirk.
“You’re taking their fear. And hatred.”
Alevica’s brows rose. She looked at the others.
“She’s good.”
She turned back to Ryoka.
