6.41 E
Page 28
This was not her village. Not her place. But she was here, wasn’t she?  Ryoka tossed and turned until Charlay threatened to kick her. Her conscience was pricking her. But she had established one fact long ago. She was no fighter. She was no killer. Erin was more likely to wipe out the [Bandits] than Ryoka was. And she was no Erin, no leader.
She had given Laken trebuchets. What would happen if she tried that again? Ballistae? Ryoka would rather eat more rat meat. What was the point of a water wheel? She couldn’t kill [Bandits]. What would Laken do? What was best for Riverfarm? What could she do?
She was spiraling. She wanted to help. But what Ryoka really wanted was not to be here. She was no leader. She knew she was no hero.
But she still cared for everyone she’d met. When had that happened?
 
 
Day 59 – Ryoka
 
The next day, Ryoka went for a longer walk with Nanette and Wiskeria before she embarked on more deliveries with Charlay. It was a spontaneous thing; she encountered the two younger [Witches] picking herbs outside Durene’s hut on her way to Riverfarm. Apparently, Nanette had been assigned to gather a certain amount of herbs by Miss Califor as homework and Wiskeria was helping her out.
“Hello, Nanette. Wiskeria.”
Ryoka was still down in the dumps. Part of her just wanted to pull the plug and run off into the sunset and forget Riverfarm existed. But she knew she’d regret that too. So instead she walked with the two younger [Witches]. At least the [Witches] were fascinating.
“Um, hello Miss Ryoka.”
Nanette greeted Ryoka quietly at first and Ryoka bent to shake the girl’s hand. Nanette was twelve or so, and clearly used to life on the road. But her hat and robes fit perfectly and her hair was combed. Come to that, she was fresher than both Ryoka or Wiskeria who hadn’t bathed in a day or two.
“I hope I’m not bothering you. I can take off if you want to—I’m just trying to clear my head.”
“Oh, no! I wouldn’t want to be rude. And uhm—Miss Wiskeria was just saying how three eyes were better than one! Three pairs, I mean.”
The young girl shot a glance at Wiskeria and the older [Witch] confirmed the lie without blinking. Both looked sideways at Ryoka and she realized they could probably sense her funk. That only made her feel more depressed. Especially when Nanette solemnly tried to cheer her up by talking to her about all the herbs Miss Califor had ordered her to fetch.
She had the youth of a girl her age, which translated in her case into shyness, and then a forthright earnestness that both Wiskeria and Ryoka envied. But the [Witch] aspect also showed itself to Ryoka; the girl occasionally had flashes of maturity far beyond her age. Young and old at the same time. But mostly young.
“She’s very strict with you.”
Ryoka watched as Nanette expertly harvested with a razor-sharp sickle. Not exactly the tool Ryoka would be comfortable handing a girl her age, but Nanette looked quite competent with it. The girl looked up, smiling.
“She wants me to be a good [Witch]. And she’s very kind too. Sometimes.”
“What’s it like, being a [Witch]? Do you travel a lot? Or is it all variable?”
Ryoka was curious. Wiskeria shrugged.
“It depends on the [Witch]. Some of us have permanent homes like Eloise. But a lot travel. I think only Eloise has a village. Well, Mavika has her usual haunts. But I hear Miss Califor goes where she’s needed. Isn’t that right, Nanette?”
