6.41 E
Page 38
The [Councilwoman] bit her tongue and [Mayor] Rodivek shouted after a second. Some of Lancrel’s people voiced their dissent as well. But for every person scowling at the waste, more people were listening. Especially Riverfarm’s own—no, anyone who’d received help. And that was everyone, when you got down to it.
But it was more than that. Durene stared at Ryoka. She was animated, moving from place to place in front of the wagons, talking with Prost, addressing the crowd, planning the route with Beniar.  She was…shining. In a different way than Laken. But Durene felt like shading her eyes, as if Ryoka was giving off a light.
She wasn’t the only person to see it. The coven had gathered. Not Belavierr, but the rest. They saw the same thing, more concretely than Durene. Eloise was smiling. Alevica shook her head as she eyed Ryoka.
“You know, she’s like this, apparently.”
“Who? Miss Griffin?”
Nanette was smiling as she held onto her head. She cupped more of Ryoka’s emotions and Califor nodded approvingly. Alevica shrugged.
“Yup. She saved a Gnoll kid from the Goblin Lord’s army, apparently. Does emergency runs for adventuring teams; that’s a suicidal decision if ever I saw one. And this? She’s an odd one.”
Hedag laughed. The huge [Witch] tipped her hat up, regarding Ryoka with a big smile.
“You’d do that if you cared about whether people live or die. There goes a girl who’d put her life on the line for copper pennies because she weighs lives like gold, Alevica.”
The Witch Runner scowled. She jerked her head at Ryoka.
“She has her up days and down days, clearly.”
Eloise nodded thoughtfully.
“Yes. I’ll sell her some teas later. But it’s a wonderful up, isn’t it?”
Durene heard no more, because she was pushing through the crowd. Ryoka spotted her; of course she did. She swung herself down from a wagon and looked expectantly at Durene. The half-Troll girl took a breath.
“I’m coming. If that’s alright. I mean, I’m going whether you like it or not.”
She had a walking staff and she’d brought a lunch. Ryoka’s smile made Durene answer it. She nodded.
“Great. Then we’re set. Mister Prost, how’s it looking?”
“We have the wagons loaded and Beniar says we can make the trip in a day and have you all back tonight so long as you keep moving. The problem is animals. We’re two short and I don’t know if we can spare more. Can you manage with three wagons?”
Ryoka grimaced. Prost looked apologetic.
“We have few enough draft animals as it is. The Darksky Riders have our best horses and the rest are needed for plough work and the like. I can give you exactly four wagons, but the last one can’t be pulled. You’ll have to fit the rest into what you can carry.”
“I’ll load my [Riders] up with a bit in the saddlebags.”
Beniar offered, smiling. Ryoka nodded.
“It’ll do. I have a bag of holding. So does Charlay. We’ll run ahead, coordinate who’s coming back if any, and the wood and food can keep going. We’ll run back to resupply.”
“Are you sure we can’t get anyone to pull the last wagon, Mister Prost? It’s not that heavily loaded.”
Durene objected as she pointed to the last wagon. Prost shook his head.
“It’s too heavy, and Beniar needs all his [Riders] mounted. What with the [Bandits].”
“Yeah, but just one donkey? We could even help push it. It’s heavy, but—see?”
The half-Troll girl set herself and pushed. Ryoka, Beniar, and Prost stared as the wagon rolled a bit. They stared at Durene. Charlay raised two thumbs. Durene smiled at her, and then her eyes widened as she had a thought.
“I have an idea for a horse!”
