6.41 E
Page 20
“I did not suggest myself. Califor is an excellent teacher. Mavika is of your coven. Both could teach you—”
“I’m fine. I’ll decide what I want to be. Not you. Mother.”
Wiskeria glared. Belavierr stared. The two only broke away when they noticed Ryoka edging back. She stopped as both looked at her.
“I’m just—uh, I’ll leave you to it.”
“No, I’m done. Mother, you can continue your work. If Ryoka has questions, she’ll come back and ask. Okay?”
Wiskeria walked away from Belavierr. The other [Witch] didn’t reach out to stop her or move. But her eyes fixed on Wiskeria as she hurried with Ryoka away from the tree. She kept staring long after Ryoka had hurried back into the warm, glorious bright day. But she was still there, standing and staring.
Eventually, she went back to sitting down. When Ryoka wasn’t looking of course. One second she was standing and staring, the next time Ryoka looked, she was sewing again, in the shadows of the tree, as if she’d never stood.
Not creepy at all. Ryoka shuddered as she sat with Wiskeria. The [Witch] looked embarrassed. She tugged her hat over her reddish cheeks as she sat back down.
“Sorry. I don’t have a good relationship with her. We’re…we have differences of opinion.”
Ryoka stared at Wiskeria. That was what she thought Ryoka was bothered by? Then again—that conversation had been pretty bad if you ignored Belavierr being Belavierr.
And here Ryoka thought her relationship with her mother was bad. From the outset, it looked almost similar. Almost. Angry daughter vs distant, if caring mother. Okay, Ryoka’s had more been ‘angry daughter and distant mother’ without even the caring bit. In this case…Ryoka looked at Belavierr and suspected Wiskeria had a good reason for not wanting her mother’s help.
Even so, that had been one intense conversation. And Ryoka was cursing herself for not thinking of something important to ask. But—her eyes widened as she looked at Wiskeria. Eloise was sipping tea and Califor had been teaching Nanette how to perform Alevica’s trick. They looked up as Ryoka pointed back at Belavierr.
“Did your mother just say the first String People were cloth golems, Wiskeria?”
Wiskeria paused.
“I…think she did.”
She stared back towards the tree. Ryoka stared at her. Wiskeria blinked a few times and Nanette’s jaw dropped. Ryoka looked around at the other [Witches].
“Hey. Hey, isn’t that kind of a big thing?”
Eloise’s brows rose. Califor frowned. She tossed the water cupped in her palm back into the stream.
“It is news to me. I imagine the String People of Chandrar know. Or at least, some of them would. It’s hard to tell, but it is valuable to know to some extent.”
“That is Belavierr for you. She can be very casual with information and secrets. I’ll try to find a book. Perhaps it is a well-guarded secret. Or just secret. Or simply history everyone has forgotten.”
The [Tea Witch] nodded to Califor. Ryoka spluttered.
“But—but how does she know that?”
Califor frowned as Nanette created some steam from her palmful of water.
“From other [Witches], perhaps. Or it may simply be something she learned. She is a master of needle magic. Hmf. She might have been there herself, even.”
It sounded like a joke so Ryoka laughed.
“She’s not that old. Right?”
Eloise and Califor paused uncertainly. After a second, Califor coughed and shook her head briskly.
“No, of course she isn’t. Did you find the answers to the questions you sought?”
“I…didn’t have a good one to ask. And I froze when I was talking to her.”
Ryoka put her head in her hands. Wiskeria shrugged, looking annoyed.
