6.41 E
Page 9
“Merchant’s Guild, Mage’s Guild—those are the basics. You could make an inn and a few shops too while you’re at it. I don’t imagine you get many [Traders], but if Riverfarm has any drop by, you could tempt them with some of your fresh produce. Until you get an actual product of some kind, that is.”
Rie coughed delicately.
“We do have some marketable items, in fact. Chess boards, carved items; but you are correct, Miss Griffin. Establishing shops would also give our artisans time to work. Some, like the [Potters] have been clamoring to use the clay deposits around Riverfarm. But a Runner’s Guild is a fine first step.”
She smiled and Ryoka returned it. She saw Durene shaking her head slightly behind Rie. Ryoka understood; it wasn’t an earthshattering idea. But it was smart and it was based on things Riverfarm could do, rather than making, say, a waterwheel.
“I think Emperor Godart would have implemented much the same idea as you’re proposing, Miss Griffin. Prost and I have been so busy trying to carry out his plans and dealing with the issue of sustaining the village and housing, we haven’t tried to develop Riverfarm further. However, if you’re willing to help us by doing some of the local running deliveries, I will write a letter to the Runner’s Guild in Filk. Would you be able to make it there and back?”
Ryoka frowned.
“I’ll definitely do the deliveries. I might have to wait until tomorrow for the letters to be written and plan out my run. Filk. I don’t know the town. How far’s the run?”
“Thirty two miles there and back.”
Ryoka scowled out the window.
“Oof. That’s hard. It’s already past midday. I could try it tomorrow. There’s something else I want to do there. Unless—”
She looked sideways. So did Rie and Durene. Charlay paused.
“What? Aha! So you admit I’m the better Runner?”
She looked triumphant, and then the Centauress frowned.
“But—hold on! There are [Bandits] about! Why do I have to risk my neck and run thirty two miles?”
Ryoka sighed.
“Because you’re the gracious Centauress, Dustrider Charlay? And because—”
She leaned over and whispered in Charlay’s ear as Durene and Rie frowned. The Centauress blinked.
“Hey! That’s a good idea! But what if I can’t find one? Okay. Okay, really? Huh. I don’t have a contact. But I still have to run there and back! That’s a lot of work!”
She stamped a foot, annoyed. Ryoka sighed.
“Please, Charlay?”
“Oh, okay. Just because you asked. I want to know too.”
The Centauress acquiesced at last. Ryoka sighed in relief; she didn’t want to do a thirty mile run out of the blue either, stamina potions or not. They took a few more minutes to finalize things and Lady Rie found some stationary and wrote a quick letter. And then Charlay was out the door, muttering about unpaid work. Ryoka saw her off with Durene. The [Farmer] girl looked mystified as Charlay galloped off.
“So we’re getting a Runner’s Guild? Is that your big idea?”
She looked at Ryoka. The young woman sighed.
“Partly. Charlay’s also going to dig up some information on the [Witches] if she can. Look, it’s a good idea. Riverfarm needs to do business if you want it to become a town or even city.”
Durene gnawed on one lip, dissatisfied.
“I guess—but it’ just not anything big. Don’t you have some other ideas?”
Ryoka did. She just refused to say. And she was getting tired of the questions.
“Not at the moment. Look, Durene. I’m just running blind here. Laken didn’t exactly give me a plan.”
“But he thought you could help.”
