6.41 E
Page 19
“What is simple is not weak. Tea is a part of a whole. When Eloise brews tea, her magic is one thing. It could be many things. Poison and medicine are two halves. Tea is a medicine or food or aspect of society. Her magic may destroy. In time, it may create.”
“Create? Like tea golems?”
Ryoka tried to laugh. It sounded a bit hysterical. Belavierr shook her head.
“I doubt Eloise wishes to create life. She may create happiness. Something to induce love or sadness. Fear or regret. If she wished it, she could create something like life through herbs. It would not be wise. Such was the arrogance of those that created the first true Cloth Golems with thought. String People.”
“String People?”
Ryoka and Wiskeria both stared at Belavierr’s face. Where did they get to String People? And had Belavierr just implied…? The [Witch] blinked. Once.
“The first Cloth Golems that became String People were made by masters of the craft. [Golem Artificers], [Weavers], [High Mages]. And [Witches]. That is a part of my craft. But the act is creation. Connection. It is one part. Does that answer your question?”
The young woman gaped at Belavierr. At last, she managed a response.
“Yes?”
“Very well.”
Belavierr nodded. She looked at her daughter, and then seemed to recall something. She looked at Ryoka.
“I am pleased to meet you, Ryoka Griffin. I hope you will take care of my daughter.”
It sounded like she’d memorized that line. And coming from her, it didn’t sound like a threat. But they fit Belavierr not at all. Ryoka nodded quickly.
“Of course. Rather, it’s her taking care of me. And Riverfarm. I’m just a City Runner! Wiskeria’s the [General]—er—[Witch].”
“Yes. Both paths lead towards danger. One is not hers. It was given. The other she chose. And in both, she has not yet walked.”
Belavierr frowned. She turned away from Ryoka and looked at Wiskeria. And for the first time, she really seemed to focus on Wiskeria’s face. That timeless tone seemed to vanish, and Belavierr…woke up? Ryoka stared, fascinated, as the [Witch] looked at her daughter, who was fiddling with her hat.
“Daughter. You should continue your training. Develop your craft. You are no [General], but a [Witch]. You have yet to make use of your power.”
Wiskeria shook her head, exasperated.
“I’m fine, Mother. I’m an adventurer. That’s good enough for me. And I chose to be a [General]. Laken just gave me the class.”
She looked away from Belavierr, at Ryoka. As if the mile-long stare didn’t work on her at all.
“Well, Ryoka, you got your answer. Any more questions? Actually, we can ask later. Good to see you, Mother.”
Without waiting for a response, she took a step back. And stopped. Belavierr had stepped around her, blocking her path. It was so fast Ryoka jumped. The [Witch] bent down, intent on Wiskeria.
“You will die without a craft, Daughter. You have potential. But you refuse to fully become what makes you a [Witch]. We have discussed this.”
“Mother. I’m fine.”
Wiskeria turned away. Ryoka realized she was watching a mother-daughter argument, albeit the scariest one she’d ever had. She jumped as Wiskeria pointed at her.
“Ryoka’s not putting me in any danger. And I’m fine in Riverfarm. I’ve been fine since I left. I don’t need your help. If I get into trouble, I get into trouble.”
“A [Witch] is incomplete without her craft. I am concerned, Daughter. I would not wish your death.”
So saying, Belavierr reached out and adjusted Wiskeria’s hat with the hand that held the needle. Her daughter flinched away. She stared at her mother, vexed.
“Mother! I don’t want to learn from you.”
Belavierr relied steadily.
