6.41 E
Page 40
“And the village will take them in?”
“It took in a lot of people from Lancrel. It can take more. It’s your choice. But we’re doing this because Riverfarm’s in a position to help. And the [Emperor]—no, the people of Riverfarm believe in helping people in need. With a bit of encouragement.”
Ryoka looked around. The [Archer] hesitated. And they conferred. At last, he shook his head.
“We don’t need anything. And we’re safe enough here. Thanks for the offer, Miss Griffin. But we’re fine. With that said—we might come to Riverfarm to trade. And we appreciate the offer. Do you have room on those wagons you mentioned for some bows? We can spare a few, and arrows; we have a stock. If Riverfarm’s in need, or if we have a scrape—maybe we can help out.”
He reached out. And Ryoka clasped his hand, smiling. She ran on after taking five bows and arrows.
“Riverfarm?”
Farmer Melon’s eyes widened. The wagon rolling towards him halted and the people poured out to stare at the contents. Wiskeria nodded as she halted. Bismarck chewed on the potato, oblivious to the stares.
“That’s right, sir. Anyone who needs to can come back with us. You’ll be able to work in Riverfarm and I guarantee you’ll be fed and have a good place to sleep. His Majesty, Emperor Godart guarantees it. Otherwise, we’ll spare what we can. To get you as far as you need and get these families sorted. I can’t promise we’ll come by twice.”
“Move to Riverfarm? But what about the others? They’re in Filk!”
Wiskeria raised her voice.
“We’ll get them too. And we can send word. But if anyone’s worried about [Bandits]—anyone in the area—we can accommodate you at Riverfarm!”
Farmer Melon chewed on his beard as he stared at the wagon. It was loaded, with enough supplies to keep his and the three other families supplied, even build more rooms. Plant a field. He looked at the others and the uncertainty on their faces. And then at the [Witch]. She was a [Witch]; you could tell by the hat. And at the Mossbear, the half-Troll girl.
“It’s a lot to consider.”
“I know, sir. And I don’t want to rush you. We can stop for half an hour, or come back on a return trip. But you must decide quickly. Either way—we do want to help.”
So said the [Witch]. In the end, the families at Melon’s farm had to discuss it. The wives, one husband, two of the oldest children, and Melon and his wife talked it over in conference, arguing, debating options.
But Melon kept remembering the wagon. If Riverfarm could spare that—he looked at his farm, which he’d built himself. But you could rebuild a farm. Grow more melons. He looked towards the burned cottage and grave he’d dug and swore.
“Damn. I’m going to have to pay Helm for that pitchfork after all. Hey! Grab what you can and pack up! We’re moving!”
 
—-
 
Ryoka saw the first wagon riding back from Melon’s farm as she jogged down the road. Beniar and a group of eight [Riders] were accompanying them, to the delight of the children who stared at the [Cataphract]. Melon waved at Ryoka as she passed. And he wasn’t the only one.
More and more wagons were coming down the road. Not all the ones Riverfarm had sent either. Over half of the settlements that the relief teams visited decided to pack up and move rather than stay. There was something more to it than just a desire for safety with [Bandits] and in light of the Goblin raids.
