6.41 E
Page 44
You could tell by the hat. But nothing else. Oh, and the wand. Wiskeria stomped and raised it. She was completely naked except for her hat. But she was also unharmed. There wasn’t even soot on her. Ryoka stopped. The [Pyromancer] turned and stared. His eyes bulged.
“What the f—”
“[Fox Fire]. [Icy Shard].”
The first spell tossed blue fire into the [Pyromancer]’s face. He clawed at it, screaming. The shard of ice hit him in the cheek and he screamed louder. Ryoka leapt forwards and kicked him in the back. Wiskeria drew a knife and jumped on the man as he raised his staff.
The Runner ducked as fire blasted past her. Then she looked up. Wiskeria stabbed the man twice more in the chest. But he was already dead. She stared at Wiskeria. The [Witch] was shaking, wide-eyed. But she was alive.
“How—”
A shout made Ryoka look up. The [Bandits] were fleeing. Durene was swinging her staff and there were six bodies around her. Bismarck had killed another. And then Ryoka heard the furious voice.
“Riverfarm! Riverfarm and Laken!”
Beniar and four of his [Riders] thundered forwards. Just in time to catch the last of the fleeing [Bandits]. The [Cataphract] got one himself. He whirled, and Ryoka saw Charlay racing after the last with three [Riders]. Beniar looked around, blinded by the dust, if not the darkness.
“Dead gods! No, no—Wiskeria! Durene! Is anyone—”
He caught sight of Durene, panting and leaning on her staff. Beniar leapt to the ground. And then he saw Ryoka and Wiskeria.
“Wiskeria?”
“I’m fine. I’m fine. It was the charm.”
Wiskeria was babbling, her own eyes wide. Then she realized she was naked. Ryoka had to give Beniar this; he only stared for a second and then he turned his head.
“What happened? We were just a minute ahead! We thought they’d never dare attack—”
“They were after Wiskeria. After a [Witch]. Here—anyone got a blanket?”
“The passengers—”
“I pulled one out. The rest didn’t make it.”
Wiskeria shook her head. Ryoka opened her mouth and heard a wail.
“Ryoka! Where are you? Tell me you ran away! You slowpoke! Where are you?”
“Charlay! Over here!”
The Centauress galloped towards Ryoka.
“Ryoka! Thank goodness you’re—Wiskeria? You’re alive? And naked?”
The rest of the Darksky Riders converged. There was a minute—then six—of panic, which resolved itself. The [Trapper] who’d been riding on the wagon was badly burnt, as were Durene and Bismarck. When potions were distributed, Ryoka found Wiskeria. She was wearing one of the emergency blankets and still looked shaken. Charlay was babbling.
“I’ve never seen anything like it. She was dead. I saw the [Fireball] explode in her face! I couldn’t pay for a charm that does that. That’s like a Gold-rank charm right there—”
“How’d you do it, Wis? A spell?”
Beniar stared at Wiskeria. She shook her head.
“I don’t know—there’s no way I have an artifact like that—it had to be—”
She paused. Ryoka saw her raise one hand shakily and feel at her hat.
“Wait a second. There’s only one thing it could be. It’s—Mother!”
She exclaimed as she prised something from the side of her hat. Ryoka saw her toss it onto the ground. She stared. It was hard to see in the darkness until Ryoka pulled out her iPhone. Beniar stared at it and then the object. He and the Darksky Riders could see perfectly of course, but they couldn’t understand.
“What in the hells is it, Wiskeria?”
“A thread charm.”
