6.41 E
Page 45
It looked like a bug, or maybe a spider, made of thread. Dark blue, the exact color of Wiskeria’s hat. But whatever it had been, it was burnt nearly to ash, as were Wiskeria’s clothes. But the [Witch] herself was completely unharmed. She pointed at it shakily.
“It’s my mother. She must have put it on my hat when she touched it. Typical—”
She looked almost angry. Ryoka shook her head, eyes wide with amazement. She stared at Wiskeria.
“She saved your life.”
The [Witch] paused. She stopped shaking and nodded slowly. She stared down at the bit of thread.
“That’s true. I forgot she even made ward charms like this.”
“Your Mother made this? Dead gods, Wis, that’s a Gold-rank artifact, disappearing clothes or not! Do you think she’d sell it to us?”
Beniar’s eyes went round. Wiskeria shrugged. She was still shell-shocked by her near-death experience.
“I…yes. If I asked her to. It never crossed my mind. She doesn’t usually sell stuff like this. But yes—yes, I’ll definitely ask her to.”
“She put it on your hat just by touching it. Without you knowing. She must have been worried about you.”
Ryoka spoke slowly. The adrenaline rushing through her body had faded. Now she felt sick at the death. Tired. But amazed. Wiskeria paused and nodded again.
“I guess she is my mother. And she has a very strong sense about this kind of thing.”
She managed a smile. Ryoka stared at her and nodded. She wanted to smile, but she had seen Wiskeria die. How had Belavierr known? Maybe it was a guess. Either way—Ryoka looked about.
“Durene?”
The [Paladin] looked up. She’d survived her own [Fireball], albeit at a far greater cost than Wiskeria. If it hadn’t been for her new Skill, she probably would have died. As it was—the healing potion had only healed some of the burns. Durene’s voice was raspy.
“I’m okay, Ryoka.”
“Sure you are. We’re going to get you back to Riverfarm. You got the [Bandits], Durene.”
“Yeah. I wish I could’ve saved the others.”
Ryoka shook her head. She stared at the six [Bandits] Durene had killed. Her hands shook a bit. She’d been trying to kill the [Pyromancer]. But Durene had squashed the others like flies with her quarterstaff. It was still bloody.
“Does it—does it bother you?”
Durene looked confused. She glanced at the bodies and blinked before shaking her head.
“They’re [Bandits]. I don’t feel bad about killing them.”
And that was all. Ryoka nodded. Slowly, painfully, she walked back towards Beniar. He was seeing to the wounded [Trapper].
“We’re close to Riverfarm. Damn—this guy needs a [Healer]. I don’t think the burns all healed and I don’t want to try another. There could be an infection. I’ll ride him back, and you all wait here.”
“We can walk.”
Durene got up. Beniar opened his mouth to protest, and saw Bismarck lumber forwards. The bear’s fur along his back was burnt away. And while he was healed, he was growling. His teeth were still bloody. The [Cataphract] nodded.
“I’ll ride back and send back everyone in case there are more [Bandits]!”
He took off into the night. The last three [Riders] joined Ryoka and the others. The City Runner walked forwards, then turned to stare at the wagon. It was gone. Some of the goods could be salvaged, but not right now. Charlay looked at Ryoka, and then Wiskeria. She sighed.
“Climb on, Wiskeria. I’ll carry you back. Come on, Ryoka. Let’s go.”
Wiskeria blinked, but didn’t object. She held the blanket around her as Charlay trotted past Ryoka. Durene and Bismarck followed and Ryoka brought up the rear. She kept looking at the place where the first [Fireball] had gone off.
