6.41 E
Page 3
Ryoka paused and looked suspiciously at Charlay.
“But you gave me a handful of meat to make with those omelets. What the hell did we eat, then?”
Charlay frowned. Then Durene made a sound.
“Oh.”
“What?”
Ryoka turned around. Durene hesitated.
“Well, maybe it was Frostwing’s food? She was really angry when I woke up this morning, remember? I usually leave out some scraps in case she gets hungry at night.”
The City Runner felt a sinking in her stomach. Slowly, Ryoka looked at Charlay. The Centauress was avoiding her eye contact.
“…What kind of meat does Frostwing eat?”
“Uh—”
The pregnant pause told Ryoka all she wanted to know. Even so, the stupid part of her had to listen. Durene pointed in the direction of the fields.
“Rat meat? We feed it to the cats and Frostwing and Bismarck since they’ll eat it. It’s probably not rotten, but—”
She got no farther. Ryoka and Charlay raced towards the outhouses. There was in fact a small queue, despite the large number of smelling stalls. Riverfarm’s population was huge. The villagers and city folk looked up as Ryoka and Durene raced towards them. Charlay screamed.
“Move it! I need an outhouse!”
Ryoka leapt into the first stall. She heard Charlay racing around and shouting, still in distress as Ryoka tried to yank off her pants.
“They’re all too small! Where are the large ones?”
“That’s the largest we have.”
Someone replied outside, bemused. Charlay shrieked.
“Dead gods, don’t you have ones for Centaurs? What’s wrong with you people? Ryoka! Ryoka!”
She hammered on Ryoka’s stall. Ryoka was sitting and deciding whether or not to make herself puke as her inside started a revolution.
“I’m busy, Charlay! Go find a bush!”
“What? That’s barbaric—”
“Get lost!”
There was a moment of hesitation and then rapid hoof beats.
“This isn’t faaaaaaaair—”
Charlay’s wail fled into the distance with her galloping hooves. Ryoka stared at the wooden toilet. Then she felt her stomach. Rat meat. She swore.
“I’m going to kill that horse!”
And then, well, life was unpleasant. The next ten minutes or so saw Ryoka regretting ever existing. She was also deeply, extremely unhappy to realize that her toilet was not a contained box. In that the other people doing their business could probably hear a lot of what was going on. But the less said about it the better.
Ten minutes later, Ryoka was relieved to know Riverfarm did have a form of toilet paper. Only, it was apparently a corn cob. She stared at it. There was some sense; after all, it was cheap. But corn cobs in a bucket? Really? She decided to use the pricey toilet paper she’d bought in Walta. That was a justifiable expense as far as she was concerned.
Ryoka left the outhouse at last. Her stomach still sort of hurt, but the worst was behind her. Hopefully. She was looking for a place to wash her hands and realizing that basic hygiene was not something Laken had fully implemented in Riverfarm yet. That was when she heard a voice.
“Bad day, Miss Griffin?”
Ryoka turned red. She saw a man coming out of an outhouse, buttoning his trousers. Mister Ram laughed as he held out a hand.
“We didn’t get to talk before. But I remembered you and Helm and the other Riverfarm folk were telling me about how you delivered all that food to them during the winter. Wonderful thing. You’re a City Runner, right? I’m Ram Shackl, [Rancher] mostly, but a [Farmer] for now.”
“Uh—pleased!”
