6.41 E
Page 25
Ryoka wondered what the Pithfire Hound’s Captain, Levil, would have made of the rogue [Mage]. She found herself missing those adventurers. She was far from home. What was she doing here? But then, when the [Archer] led her into the small settlement and people came out to meet her, Ryoka felt ashamed.
They were welcoming, offering a drink and asking for the news as the [Archer] resumed his post. Ryoka got to ask one question as they scrambled to send replies back to people they knew in Riverfarm.
“Have you ever thought of moving? Getting away if it’s so dangerous?”
“And how would we do that with the roads occupied by [Bandits], Miss? We’d be a huge target. And we’d be homeless. Besides, my great grandfather built this place. We’ll be fine. But I appreciate it. You come right back and I’ll give you a hot lunch or dinner, you hear? Just wave or my man’ll put an arrow between your eyes. Although he might recognize you, as distinctive as you look! Such lovely hair.”
The wife of the [Archer] pinched Ryoka’s cheek as the other occupants of the houses cursed and looked for their inkpots and something to write a reply with. It was a pleasant experience, and Ryoka ran on.
The third place she visited wasn’t so uplifting. It was burnt. Ryoka slowed warily in front of the large home that could have held a family and a half. Fire had consumed it. She couldn’t tell how old it was, but she did notice a fragment of cloth when she steeled herself to walk inside and look for bodies. It was attached to a beam where someone had carved a deep message and planted it—after the fire.
Going to Melon’s. Look for us in Filk if not there.
Ryoka didn’t know who ‘Melon’ was. But the next two homes saw her at a wary [Herbalist] living by herself and an abandoned home, respectively. The third was Melon’s farm and he greeted her with a pitchfork at the door.
Say what you wanted about [Farmers] and the dangers of monsters preying on them, but Ryoka pitied the fools who’d try their luck against Melon, the [Farmer] who grew his namesake. His Skills turned the simple pitchfork into something that could go right through a barn door. He happily showed it to Ryoka, before telling her the missing family was here. Then his face crumpled up into his bushy brown beard.
“This letter’s from Helm? If it’s Helm—tell him I’ve got three families under my roof. My stores can’t handle the burden—if he can spare anything, coin, wood, food—”
He gestured back at his farm home. It was large, but filled to bursting with his family alone. And apparently three more had come seeking refuge at the doughty [Farmer]’s when trouble had started. What was worse, he couldn’t support them all; his melons were a luxury. Already the adults had left to make ends meet.
“Half the folks are working in or around Filk, but we’re afraid to try and send the others that way. There are too many folk on the roads. They burnt down Kalya’s two weeks back. Tell Helm.”
“The [Pyromancer]?”
Ryoka frowned. Melon shrugged.
“Don’t know. They haven’t come this way, thank the stars. But I saw smoke Kayla’s way.”
He pointed. Ryoka hesitated.
“Did this Kayla make it out? Her family?”
Melon planted the pitchfork on the ground and shook his head slowly.
“It was just her. And she did not. We found a zombie wandering about and put her back to sleep, properly. Tell me—is that [Emperor] back in Riverfarm? I remember seeing a bunch of [Riders] who were hunting down the Goblins. Where’d he go?”
“He’s not back yet.”
