6.41 E
Page 39
Ryoka blinked. And then her eyes widened too. She looked over her shoulder. Charlay’s eyes narrowed.
“Who—wait a second. It better not be me. No way. No way—”
 
—-
 
Charlay stared as the wagons rolled down the road. She looked at the giant, green, miffed bear and blinked.
“Oh. That’s much better than what I thought you were going to say.”
Ryoka stared at Bismarck. The Mossbear gaoed as it tried to reach the potato on a string in front of him. He padded forwards, growling slightly, and the wagon obligingly rolled after him. Charlay blinked at the harness.
“Can a bear pull a wagon? By himself? Really?”
Ryoka tried to calculate it. It certainly looked like it.
“Well, Bismarck weighs more than one. And he’s like a grizzly and…no, twice…? Three times the size of a black bear? He’s massive. So long as the straps don’t bother him and you can get him to move, I think it’ll work.”
“Leave it to me. If he looks tired, I’ll let you know.”
A voice called from the front of the wagon. Wiskeria tipped her pointed hat and grinned. Ryoka smiled and Durene nodded. The [Witch] had decided to come with them on their relief-giving mission. And her presence was welcome. Beniar laughed as he rode towards them. He saluted Wiskeria on her wagon.
“General Wiskeria! Your orders, ma’am?”
“Shut up, Beniar. Just ride ahead and make sure there’s no [Bandits]. Move in groups; you don’t want to get picked off. You’ll stay around the wagons with a few [Scouts] going ahead. Ryoka and Charlay will alert the settlements and figure out if we’re delivering aid or getting them to come back with us.”
“Yes, Ma’am! You heard her! Darksky Riders, move out!”
Beniar rode forwards with a whoop of excitement and the [Riders] followed him. Durene couldn’t remember him looking this excited in a while. But maybe it was because Wiskeria was giving the orders. The [Witch] nodded at her and Ryoka. The City Runner peered up at her.
“I thought you weren’t being a [General] for a while. What changed your mind?”
“Miss Califor’s always right.”
Ryoka laughed. The wagons set off, and Durene strode with them. On a mission of mercy.
 
—-
 
This was how it went. A young woman ran across the grass, waving her arms. In his tower, an [Archer] drew an arrow reflexively, but he untensed when he heard her voice.
“Excuse me! Hey! It’s me! Don’t shoot!”
Ryoka Griffin ran into the settlement as the people came out of the houses. The [Archer] blinked at her.
“You’re back? What is it? Another delivery?”
“No. It’s aid. From Riverfarm. And if you need it—we have an escort waiting to take you back to the village!”
“What? Aid?”
The people were confused. The [Archer] was even outraged.
“Do you think we’re in need of handouts? We can manage ourselves.”
Ryoka faced him seriously.
“It’s not just for you. I toured everywhere from Riverfarm and almost up to Filk yesterday. There are burned out houses and people in trouble all the way there. If you don’t need help, we’ll move on. But if you need food, wood, nails—we can deliver it.”
“In exchange for what?”
The suspicious question came from a woman armed with another bow. Ryoka shook her head.
“Nothing. This is a crisis. Look, I’d prefer if you didn’t need anything. That way we can get it to whoever’s in trouble most. But if you need something that you’ll be in trouble without—ask. Otherwise, consider moving to Riverfarm. I came to you all first because I know you’re some of the best-off. We’ll be transporting families and as much as we can back to Riverfarm soon. They’ll be safe there.”
The people exchanged a glance. The [Archer] leaned on his bow thoughtfully.
