6.41 E
Page 12
She nodded to her mother for that. Interesting. Wiskeria wasn’t half as broken as Durene had made her out to be. Maybe she’d come around, but Ryoka thought the [Witch] seemed pretty put together. The Asian girl nodded, and couldn’t help herself.
“Preventing them from turning people into frogs and stuff like that?”
Wiskeria’s laughter made Nanette look up. The wobbling scone dropped out of the air. Ryoka smiled and then hesitated and gestured at Belavierr under the tree. Wiskeria’s mother hadn’t even twitched at Wiskeria’s laugher. Nor had she moved or changed positions once. Her hands and the needle and thread were the only things moving in her world.
“Um. I know it’s a hard sell for you to talk about this if it’s secret, but I’d also like to know more about some of the [Witches]. Especially your mother…? I heard she did something this morning. Can you talk about it? Or could I talk to her? Ask questions?”
Wiskeria’s smile cut off. She hesitated and tugged her hat a bit lower.
“I can try. Eloise was working on the woman—Rehanna—but my mother got to her first. She offered Rehanna…something. I don’t know what it is. I could guess, but there are a number of things my mother would offer. Few of them good. Still, if you want her aid, I can get her to give it.”
Ryoka’s eyebrows rose.
“Really?”
Wiskeria nodded casually.
“I’m her daughter. I don’t like taking her help for—anything. But that’s my choice. I could introduce you now if you want.”
Ryoka hesitated. She did want that, but experience had taught her caution. She looked at Wiskeria.
“I’d love to ask her some questions. But uh, is there any etiquette I should use? A way I can address her? Would she be offended if I just made conversation? What are the consequences of a mistake? That’s a better question, actually.”
The [Witch] blinked at the barrage of questions. She gave Ryoka a strange look and shook her head.
“The worst that will happen is she’ll just ignore you. Actually, that’s very likely without me around. Or she might make you a deal. But—”
She looked Ryoka up and down and the young woman got the feeling she was being inspected in more ways than just visual.
“—I don’t think you have what she wants. There’s a bit, but not much.”
“A bit of what?”
The [Witch] winced.
“Sorry. That was rude. The answer’s pain. Or regrets. Or—well, you’re not in despair or desperate at the moment. There’s a bit of that. Sorry, it’s a [Witch] thing. I can explain. Why don’t we have a seat first? Eloise has tea out and she can help explain.”
So saying, she led Ryoka over to the blanket. Eloise brushed a strand of white hair out of her eyes and smiled. Ryoka sat down and found herself with a cup and scone in hand in moments. Eloise smiled and Ryoka felt like she was speaking to her grandmot—wait a second, her grandmother hated her. A therapist, then.
Ryoka knew it was a Skill, and part of her mind pushed back on it. But since Eloise was all genuine, at least as far as Ryoka could tell, the hospitality still put her at ease.
“Good evening to you, young woman. Ryoka Griffin, am I right? I’m delighted to meet you. This is Califor and Nanette.”
“A pleasure.”
The strict [Witch] sniffed and regarded Ryoka with one piercing gaze before sipping from her cup. Ryoka awkwardly introduced herself. Both Eloise and Califor seemed to know who she was already. The elderly [Witch] smiled.
“Of course we do, dear. You’re the one Belavierr pointed out to us.”
Ryoka choked on a scone. Califor looked disapproving and Wiskeria leaned out of the way as Ryoka coughed crumbs onto the grass.
