6.41 E
Page 11
Ryoka wondered what you had to do to generate your permanent creepy field around you. She headed towards the four picnicking [Witches] first. Wiskeria saw her coming and got up. Ryoka stopped in front of the tea circle awkwardly. Califor and Eloise regarded her, one with a piercing look, the other a kind smile. Nanette was eating a scone.
“Hi, uh, Wiskeria, right? I’m was hoping I could chat. Am I interrupting anything? Sorry, I’m Ryoka Griffin.”
Wiskeria nodded, adjusting her spectacles.
“Oh, yes. We met earlier. The one Laken sent. I haven’t had time to introduce myself properly. I’m pleased to meet you. And if I can help you, let me know. Emperor Laken did call for you.”
She held out a hand and Ryoka shook it. The Asian girl smiled and got a polite one of her own. Well, this was going swimmingly. Ryoka hadn’t had to introduce herself by outing Wiskeria as a vampire, and she hadn’t needed to save Wiskeria from a magical monster just to say hi. If she could avoid punching her within the first ten minutes of meeting her, Ryoka was golden.
“Sorry. Again. I know it’s odd that Laken sent me out of the blue. We’re uh, acquaintances.”
Wiskeria nodded and didn’t ask any questions, which Ryoka appreciated. Her eyes flickered as she looked Ryoka up and down. She took in Ryoka’s features, missing fingers, and bare feet all at once; that was pretty good. Most people fixated on one or the other, but Wiskeria was as sharp as Durene had said. Then the [Witch] smiled and adjusted her pointed hat.
“I try not to be surprised by anything Laken does. But what brings you here? Is there anything I can help with? Is Mavika…?”
“Oh, no. She was at the fields, but we sorted it out.”
“Really? Did she make an offer? I can talk to—”
Wiskeria looked instantly worried. Ryoka grinned.
“We sorted it. I helped Prost negotiate and Mavika’s flock gets some of the corn in exchange for killing all the pests. They’re at work now.”
Wiskeria glanced up and Ryoka saw a few birds in the distance. The [Witch] exhaled.
“That’s a relief. And that’s a standard contract Mavika offers, don’t worry. You helped Prost agree? Was there trouble?”
“Not really. The [Farmers] didn’t want to accept. I just talked them into it.”
Wiskeria looked surprised, and then she smiled.
“Thank you. Mavika really doesn’t have any ill will. She’s just hard to deal with. Even for other [Witches].”
“I’m familiar with the sort.”
Ryoka’s rueful look was one Wiskeria clearly understood. The [Witch] chuckled, and Ryoka laughed. The two relaxed and Wiskeria gestured at the [Witches]. Califor was speaking sternly to Nanette and the young [Witch] was nodding, pointing her wand at a scone. Ryoka realized she was trying to make it levitate and both Califor and Eloise were coaching her!
“So, did you want one of us for anything?”
“Nope. I’m just here out of curiosity. It’s an interesting class. [Witch], I mean. I was hoping you could explain more of it to me. I don’t know if it’ll help, but—”
Wiskeria was nodding.
“Of course. I can answer any questions you have. Although I’m afraid you might be misunderstanding things. Being a [Witch] isn’t half as interesting as you might think. At my level, it’s closer to being a [Hedge Witch]—that’s a name for a self-taught female spellcaster. I’m afraid I’m just a glorified adventurer with a few odd tricks. Real witchcraft is hard to pull off. This coven’s probably your best example of that. I can’t do much to keep them in line. But I can put out any fires, with luck.”
