6.41 E
Page 2
She shook her head. Durene stared at her. Gnolls? She’d never met one, only heard of the furry, tribal people that lived among the Drakes. Ryoka’s expression was bleak. She looked down at her right hand and curled her three fingers.
“I know they’re dangerous. But I’ve also met ones that didn’t kill everything in sight. They’re a people. And Laken decided to attack this tribe and keep fighting when their Chieftain sued for peace.”
The criticism in her voice finally reached Durene and she got what Ryoka was driving at. The half-Troll girl folded her arms. She was younger than Ryoka.
“Yeah. But they destroyed—”
“And Laken used poison gas. In his surprise attacks.”
“That’s what I said. It worked too! If we’d have gotten more of them, we wouldn’t have lost at Lancrel.”
Ryoka stared at Durene. There wasn’t a bit of guilt or hesitation in her tone. Ryoka shook her head. That was a conversation to be had with Laken. She sighed.
“I’m not going to comment. Hell, I’d probably try that if I had an army of Goblins coming at me. But he took those trebuchets and attacked Liscor. A Drake city.”
She walked on, stomping towards Riverfarm. The city needed walls too. No wonder the Goblins had attacked it so easily. Durene strode after Ryoka, worried.
“Rie and Prost said that Lord Tyrion Veltras was only—”
She stopped and Ryoka spun around and stomped back towards her. Ryoka glared at Durene. She opened her mouth and caught herself. It was hard not to shout.
“Do you not…make opinions of your own? And do you believe everything Laken says? Just like that?”
“Yes. So what? He explained why he did what he did. I was there when he made all his plans. So was Prost and Rie. I mean, I have opinions. But I agree with Laken. What’s the problem?”
Durene looked challengingly at Ryoka. The City Runner inhaled furiously. And as she did, a searing pain erupted in her abdomen. She doubled over as Durene stared in confusion at her.
“You—I think your problem is—hold on. Gah!”
“Ryoka? What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
The half-Troll girl bent anxiously. Ryoka clutched at her stomach. Uh oh. There was a familiar rumbling pain there. She gritted her teeth.
“It’s my stomach. Do you have an outhouse around here? I might need to throw up or use it. I’m not sure yet.”
“Yup. We have some there and there—”
“Where’s the closest?”
“This way.”
Ryoka turned and immediately began striding the way Durene had pointed. She was afraid to run. But she heard a bunch of hoof beats and turned to see Charlay making her way towards them. The Centauress looked just as pale as Ryoka all of a sudden as she returned from her walk.
“Ooh. Ooh. Ryoka, Durene, where’s the toilets? I’ll even take a latrine! Moving only made my stomach worse.”
“This way.”
The two hurried towards the row of outhouses in the distance. Durene followed, worried.
“Was it something you ate? Last night? I don’t feel anything, but I don’t get sick that much; I’ve never gotten food poisoning.”
Ryoka was in no mood to compliment her on her superior stomach due to her ancestry. She gritted her teeth as she tried to speed up. Charlay was holding her horse half. Was that where her stomach—? Ryoka groaned.
“I think it was the meat. Charlay and I had omelettes before you woke up. Do you know—what was it? Maybe it spoiled? It looked fresh, and I thought if I fried it, everything would be fine.”
“I thought it looked fresh! Did you cook it?”
“Of course I did, I’m asking Durene—”
“What meat?”
The two Runners looked back. Durene was staring at them. She shook her head.
“Ryoka, I didn’t bring any meat back with me from Riverfarm last night.”
