6.41 E
Page 27
“Don’t get me wrong. It’s okay to help now and then. I’m fine with not earning money for now. I’ve got lots. Well, compared to these people. But we can’t do anything. We just deliver stuff.”
“Right.”
 
—-
 
The two City Runners returned to Riverfarm for dinner. Durene and Wiskeria joined them for a dinner in the cottage. Wiskeria informed them that the [Witches] hadn’t caused any trouble. Today, at least.
“It’s not really in their nature to make trouble, besides. They mainly just practiced their craft again today. Eloise, Hedag, Mavika, and my mother, that is. Califor’s teaching Nanette, Alevica’s bored. I guess that’s all we can ask for.”
“Think they’ll hold until Laken gets here?”
Ryoka looked up hopefully. Riverfarm seemed to be decent. Then again, Durene reported that Councilwoman Beatica was trying to get people upset about the [Witches]. But it felt stable. Ryoka wondered if she could just…leave. Laken was still practically two weeks away. Did she have to stay here the entire time? She didn’t want to.
What could she do? Durene kept staring at her. Ryoka thought the answer was nothing. She changed the subject to Hedag, the only [Witch] she hadn’t really met. Ryoka had heard about the infamous head-chopping of course, but the woman herself was a mystery. Durene frowned.
“I saw Hedag performing tricks for the children. She sold a few trinkets to the women, but is that enough?”
Wiskeria shrugged.
“It’s her craft. She’s not in it to make money. All the [Witches] have other things to sell, though. They’ll do it if they feel like it.”
Ryoka looked up as she sipped from a very filling stew. Charlay was trying to keep hers away from Bismarck.
“I understand Eloise gathered goodwill, and Mavika fed her flock. Belavierr, Califor and Nanette aren’t gathering today, right? But Hedag. What did she gather from the children?”
It seemed like a pertinent question. Wiskeria paused.
“Nothing. Not yet. But believe me, you’ll know when she does.”
That was appropriately ominous. Ryoka was about to press Wiskeria when Durene interrupted.
“So Ryoka—”
“No, I do not have a magical idea to fix Riverfarm!”
Ryoka shouted at the half-Troll girl. Bismarck, Frostwing, Wiskeria, Charlay, and Durene all stared at her. Durene looked hurt. Ryoka groaned internally.
“I’m sorry, Durene. But I don’t. I shouldn’t have shouted. It’s just that I’m having a bad day. I get them now and then. Actually, that’s an excuse. I just don’t know what to do.”
She stood up. The small cottage watched her as Ryoka turned around, frustrated.
“I don’t even think I’m needed. Okay, there’s a lot that could go wrong here but you have Lady Rie and Prost. Hell, Miss Califor will probably kick any problems into next Sunday. And you have Beniar and his [Riders]. Even if Councilwoman Beatica riots, so what? You’ve got warriors on your side. What can I do?”
She looked around, shrugging. Durene frowned.
“But Laken sent you when I asked for help.”
Ryoka groaned. She sat back down heavily.
“I don’t think he knows what to do either.”
“Don’t be stupid. Of course he does.”
Durene looked shaken at the thought. And that was the problem, wasn’t it? Ryoka didn’t, couldn’t, reply. The dinner ended like that and they went to sleep silently. Ryoka alternated between kicking herself at lashing out at Durene—even if she felt like the half-Troll girl sort of deserved it—and thinking over her day’s run.
“The people.”
They remained in her memory long after that. Frightened faces. The desperate set of [Farmer] Melon’s jaw. [Bandits] on the road.
