6.41 E
Page 8
“What is it? What’s your idea, Ryoka?”
The young woman took a breath. She looked around and indicated herself and Charlay.
“We’re going to start a Runner’s Guild in Riverfarm.”
For a moment all three women blinked at her. Then Charlay’s hand shot up.
“Dibs on Guildmistress!”
 
—-
 
The plan was simple. A bit audacious, but only a bit. Truthfully, it was simple, easy to execute, and it mattered. Lady Rie didn’t see it at first, but she got it after a little bit. Durene was the one who had no frame of reference.
“Why would a Runner’s Guild matter? We don’t have Runners in Riverfarm; we don’t really need ‘em.”
“True. But that was when Riverfarm was a small village. If Laken wants an empire, he needs a Runner’s Guild. And he needs one today, not tomorrow or in a few months. Because if you have Runners, you have communication. Not many people can afford [Message] spells and you need a [Mage] to receive them. But Runners are cheap and we go everywhere. As it stands, this entire region is pretty much isolated from, say, Invrisil or anywhere else. But if Runners start visiting here, even a handful and you train your own, Riverfarm becomes a destination.”
Charlay was nodding as Ryoka laid out the plan. The Centauress took over, leaning over one of the maps the City Runners both carried in their packs.
“You know Runners won’t visit this place normally, right? Not more than once a week at least. It’s not worth the run. But if there’s a Runner’s Guild here and you have your own Runners or you steal some from another town…”
“We build a network. Of course. It’s completely logical. Where Runners go, trade and travel tend to follow. And it would certainly allow us to keep in touch with local settlements. I do think we could set up the beginnings of one, at least before Emperor Godart arrives. Yes, it’s not hard to set up a guild in theory.”
Durene looked astonished.
“Really? Doesn’t it need a building? And—and [Receptionists] and all kinds of organization? The Runner’s Guild we visited in Invrisil was huge.”
“Yes. But you can run a Guild out of a root cellar. In theory, you only need some Runner’s Seals, something to write down requests and store letters. And money to pay Runners, of course. But a Runner’s Guild takes a cut of deliveries. And most importantly—”
Ryoka was watching Rie’s face. The woman was sharp. She completed the sentence for Ryoka.
“—Miss Griffin and Miss Charlay can both advertise the fact that Riverfarm has a Runner’s Guild in the interim. Of course.”
The [Lady] nodded at Ryoka appreciatively. Ryoka smiled. It was a publicity stunt like the one Laken had pulled at the Merchant’s Guild in Invrisil, as well as a smart investment in the future. She was proud of the idea. So was Charlay.
“Can I be listed as Riverfarm’s top Runner? It’s between me and Ryoka and I’ll win that competition.”
Ryoka scowled at the Centauress.
“You could be Guildmistress if you wanted to retire.”
“How much does it pay?”
“Absolutely nothing. But they’ll give you all the wheat you want to munch on.”
Charlay looked like she was actually considering it for a moment.
“Hm. Pass. But it’s a good idea, right?”
“I’ll make preparations at once. We can convert a new warehouse and set up a guild. Come to that, we might as well plan a commercial district. Which is what you’re suggesting next, Miss Griffin, isn’t it?”
The Asian girl nodded thoughtfully.
