6.41 E
Page 41
It was Laken. His reputation. His name. People had heard there was an [Emperor]. They’d seen the totem poles, seen Beniar and the patrols and heard who’d been fighting the Goblins. And had failed. But Laken had been there, where before the Goblins would have rampaged until a local city or noble or adventurers drove them off. So they came.
And Ryoka ran. From house to house. Her legs tired. She drank potions. And the wagons rumbled after her. First it was three hours. Then six. Ryoka stopped for a break at the [Fisher]’s hut and found he was packed.
“What’re you doing? I thought you said you were fine here!”
She exclaimed. The old man grinned at her as he hefted his spear.
“Right. But Riverfarm has fish, don’t it? And truth be told, everyone’s leaving and I think I’ll miss the company. You have room on those wagons for me?”
They did. But Ryoka had to flag one as it came this way. It was the one being led by Wiskeria. Bismarck growled unhappily as the [Witch] halted him. Durene jogged to keep up; she was still going. She’d helped load the wagons, reassure people—Ryoka remembered her bellowing at a frightened group that had shot arrows at Ryoka without letting her come near.
“I know it’s your farm. But it’s not safe out here! Come to Riverfarm and we can come back and gather whatever you need. Bring your valuables but don’t stay! We can take you in! I swear we’re not [Bandits]! She’s a Runner and I’m a [Paladin]! Honest!”
Surprisingly, that had worked. Now, Durene smiled as Wiskeria pointed.
“That way?”
“That’s right. Just down the marsh. I’ve got half the guy’s stuff in his bag of holding. We’ll meet you there.”
“Alright. Come on Bismarck. Let’s—aw, no!”
Ryoka heard a thump and a shout from the passengers. Wiskeria looked down, askance. She’d driven right into a pothole. Bismarck growled and strained, but the wagon was heavier and he gave up, panting. Ryoka swore.
“Damn it. Okay, let’s get everyone off. Beniar’s nearby, maybe he can help—”
“Don’t worry! I’ve got it!”
Durene cheerfully waved a hand. She stepped around to the back and bent down. Ryoka saw the wagon lift, people and cargo and all. Durene growled as she heaved it out of the pothole.
“Bismarck, pull!”
The surprised Mossbear did. Ryoka saw the wagon move down the road, out of the pothole. Durene, panting, massaged her back.
“Wow! That was really heavy!”
“You moved—”
“Yup.”
The half-Troll girl grinned at Ryoka. The City Runner closed her mouth. After a moment, she nodded.
“Well then! Onwards!”
That was the third trip back to Riverfarm. The sun was setting fast and Ryoka found that even the two stamina potions she’d used weren’t helping. She had to heal her bruised feet, but even then, she was yawning as she and Wiskeria escorted the last group of people back towards Riverfarm.
Charlay was dozing as she trotted forwards and even Bismarck looked worn down as he pulled the wagon. But still, Durene was right behind him. She was pushing the wagon, helping the weary Mossbear. Without complaint. And she’d kept up with the wagons all day. On foot. Now she was doing most of Bismarck’s work.
Just silently pushing it forwards into the night.
Ryoka turned back and smiled. Durene gave her a silent thumbs-up. She looked more relaxed than Ryoka had seen her as well. Perhaps—well, Ryoka wondered if she’d been wrong. Durene had been indecisive. But perhaps she really did just need to put her talents to use. To find a challenge worthy of her. Either way, she smiled as Durene yawned.
