6.41 E
Page 7
Then she broke into a gallop and went to find Ryoka.
 
—-
 
“This is where he was?”
Five minutes later, Ryoka was at the spot where Charlay had been. She stared at the scuffed ground and stared at what might have been a footprint on the packed soil. Or just random dust. Charlay nodded, glancing around.
“He was really suspicious. And he wanted to know if this was where that [Emperor] guy lived. But he was most interested in the [Witches]. He tried to warn me about them.”
“What did he say?”
“I didn’t really listen. Just suspicious stuff. Don’t trust them. They bring bad stuff. You know; suspicious stuff.”
Ryoka glanced up and sighed. Charlay had run to find her and Ryoka had come right back to see what was up. She looked backwards and saw Durene jogging towards them. Slowly. The City Runner stood up and Charlay began to jog with her, back towards Riverfarm.
“He’s gone now anyways and I don’t want to follow. What else did you notice, Charlay? What did he look like?”
“Um, he had…a hat? Dark clothes? Big smile. And a backpack.”
Ryoka shot Charlay an aggrieved look. The Centaur spread her hands innocently.
“He wasn’t that noticeable. But what do you think he wanted?”
“I don’t know. But I intend to find out. Durene! Let’s find Lady Rie!”
It didn’t take long to find the [Lady]. Rie was distracted as she strode to meet Durene, Ryoka, and Charlay. But she heard them out and instantly her brows knitted together.
“A suspicious man on the road, talking to you about [Witches]? I wish you’d been able to bring him into Riverfarm, Charlay. That man’s been spotted three times by other people, and that’s what I’ve heard of today alone. Each time he asked about Riverfarm and the presence of the [Witches].”
“Suspicious. See! I told you!”
“But what does he want?”
Ryoka frowned. She looked at Lady Rie. The woman raised two delicate eyebrows.
“It could be he was simply trying to cause trouble. Or he’s after one of the [Witches]. Maybe this Circle of Thorns? I somehow doubt they’d be that obvious.”
“Me too. But I think there’s a definite connection with the [Witches]. Damn. It sounds like he was trying to make sure they were in the village. And if that’s so—Charlay. What did this guy say exactly?”
“I can’t remember! I was sort of busy through half the conversation.”
The Centauress stamped one hoof. Ryoka sighed and massaged her forehead. She had a sudden, worrying thought.
“Okay, fine. But try to recall any specific details. Did he say anything about an inquisition?”
“Nope.”
“Then was his hair silvery and grey and did he have two swords? Did he say anything about a [Witcher]?”
“Not a thing about his class. What’s a [Witcher]?”
“Just a class. I suppose he’s not a [Judge]. If someone here was named ‘John Proctor’ I’d be really worried. Then again, this is a rural farm…”
Ryoka scrubbed at her face as Rie and Durene looked at her oddly. Great. It could just be a coincidence, but she didn’t like the timing. If you wanted to go Occam’s Razor, it was probably someone from Lancrel spreading rumors or an actual traveller who knew about one of the [Witches]. Like Belavierr or Mavika. Lady Rie pursed her lips.
“It seems trouble is brewing. I’d suggest we table this until the man can be found. I will let Beniar know to apprehend him if he’s spotted again. But for now, let’s focus on other matters. Durene said you had something to speak to me about, Miss Griffin?”
“What? That’s right. Yes! I know what I can do to help Riverfarm, at least.”
“Really?”
Lady Rie’s eyes sharpened. Durene looked hopeful as she hopped from one foot to foot, eagerly.
