6.41 E
Page 0

(The Wandering Inn’s audiobook is available for preorder here! It comes out September 10th!)
 
Day 57 – Ryoka
 
After seeing Mavika at work, Ryoka found herself coming back to Riverfarm. And she knew three things.
Firstly, [Witches] were cool and scary as they came, especially Mavika. Also, her stomach was still hurting. In fact, it was getting worse since this morning. And finally…she didn’t like Durene.
It wasn’t that she didn’t understand the half-Troll girl walking back with her and it wasn’t as if Ryoka didn’t feel for her. But there was something about Durene’s personality that irked Ryoka. If she had to sum it up, it was hesitancy.
Charlay had decided to go for a quick trot in case that settled her stomach. Ryoka wished she could join her, but it would have been rude to run off and leave Durene. Old-Ryoka would have done it in a heartbeat and honestly, new-Ryoka was tempted too. Instead, she walked and talked with Durene.
“That was terrifying. All those crows and that huge raven—! Hiring Mavika to help with the fields is good, right? You thought so, otherwise you wouldn’t have negotiated for Prost, right?”
“I don’t know. I think it’ll be fine, but Prost will have to watch Mavika. I did what I thought was best; offending her would be a bad idea.”
That was Ryoka’s honest opinion. Durene didn’t seem reassured by it. She glanced sideways at Ryoka, bit one cracked lip and glanced around conspiratorially.
“So have you had any more ideas?”
Ryoka sighed.
“Nope. I just got here, Durene.”
She didn’t like the expectant look in Durene’s eye, or the disappointment that followed after Ryoka’s reply. The half-Troll girl scuffed at the ground.
“Well—maybe helping with stuff like Mavika was what Laken wanted. You could show Prost those ‘pestithings’ you were talking about. He was worried about the layout of Riverfarm with Laken missing. Maybe you could look it over? Because you’re both from…”
“Yeah. Maybe. Only, I’m not an [Architect]. I don’t know how Laken did it. I’ll try.”
It was the same tone Ryoka used when someone asked her to do something she really didn’t want. ‘I’ll try’ was code for ‘only if you make me, and I will give this the most minimum effort possible’. But Durene was nodding happily.
“Prost will appreciate the help. Or Lady Rie! Or me. I was thinking you could explain more about [Paladins]. Laken said he wanted me to level up in my class. I wanted to, but since he’s been gone…”
She waved an arm vaguely as if to say ‘that was that’. Ryoka frowned.
“[Paladins] are a fighting class. Not just fighting. They do good deeds. And they might be able to use…uh, magic. Faith being what it is…”
“What?”
Ryoka shook her head as she walked back towards the village.
“Hasn’t training helped you level? Or…what kind of stuff have you been doing to help people? If you’re Level 16, it’ll probably be a bit harder to level. Are you sure it’s not working?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t been training. And I help out, but doing construction work or lifting stuff doesn’t sound [Paladin]-like to me.”
“Okay. Then—what about training again? You could do that, right?”
Durene shrugged self-consciously.
“I can’t. The army’s disbanded. We used to have daily sparring and exercise, but Beniar says his [Riders] need to rest since they patrol all day. When Laken comes back—”
“He’ll see about reforming the army. Right.”
Ryoka shook her head. Durene did remind her of some people she’d met in her world. She tried again.
“What about sparring? Or practice by yourself?”
