6.41 E
Page 5
“I still remember it. We were worried about having enough before his Majesty got back—not that we didn’t trust him to come! But those snows were terrible. And then you showed up—with presents for the little ones, no less! We’re all planning on remembering that day. Christmas, you called it?”
Ryoka stared at the woman’s smiling face. She looked down at the arm on her hand. Then she snapped. She stepped back, raised her hands, and shouted at the eager crowd.
“I’m sorry, but excuse me. Do you have any soap?”
The villagers blinked, and then guffawed. Come to that, the townspeople and city folk laughed too. They laughed, and then laughed harder when Ryoka got out her personal travel-pack and insisted they all wash hands first.
Ryoka sighed as she emptied a pail of soapy water into one of the outhouses. And now she was committed to delivering letters. Which was fine. It was a good deed, and the people of Riverfarm were legitimately worried for their friends and relatives. But…
The Asian girl looked up as Durene finally came over, looking worried.
“Ryoka? Are you okay? That’s a lot of deliveries everyone was asking you about. I can tell Prost to talk to them if—”
“That’s it!”
The City Runner shot out of the outhouse. Durene blinked as Ryoka tossed the bucket and turned to her, grinning. Her eyes had lit up.
“I’m a genius. Durene, I figured out what I can do to help! Two things, actually.”
“Really? That’s wonderful, Ryoka! What can I do?”
Durene breathed a sigh of relief. She looked eagerly at Ryoka. The City Runner hesitated.
“You? Well…nothing. I need to talk to Lady Rie. It’s not that big, but it will help. Especially moving forwards. I just need to speak to her.”
“Oh. Okay. I can find her. Let’s go into the village.”
The half-Troll girl looked disappointed, but pointed immediately back towards Riverfarm proper. Ryoka nodded seriously. Then she looked around.
“Thanks, Durene. Uh—have you seen Charlay? We’ll need her too.”
“Charlay? I think she’s still out uh, finding a bathroom. She ran out that way.”
Durene pointed down one road. Ryoka groaned. Of course Charlay was still gone. She was the most Erin-like person Ryoka had ever met. Only, without Erin’s charm and with an extra set of hooves. It did not make her more endearing. But Ryoka had to admit, she liked the Centauress. A bit.
“Well, let me know when she comes back.”
She just wished Charlay didn’t have such a knack for causing her headaches. Shaking her head, Ryoka went into Riverfarm to find Lady Rie and talk about her ideas. And hand washing. That made three things.
 
—-
 
He found her because he had been waiting for a meeting like this. Waiting for a while, really. That was his purpose for the moment. Waiting and talking. It wasn’t glamorous work, but the wanderer had a mission. He strode towards the Centauress he’d spotted galloping into the brush and raised his voice. He didn’t want to spook her. He wasn’t here to harm at the moment, just talk.
“Hoi there, Miss! Can I have a word?”
For a second he heard nothing from the brushes. Then Charlay shouted back.
“Go away! I’m busy!”
The traveller tugged at the large, dark hat on his head.
“I don’t want to disturb you, Miss! But I’ve been on the road and I have to ask—is this Riverfarm?”
“Yes! That’s Riverfarm over there! Don’t come any closer!”
The female Centaur’s voice was snappy and preoccupied. The traveller shook his head.
“Then this is the domain of the [Emperor]? The one I heard about with Lord Tyrion Veltras’ army?”
“That’s right! Please shoo! I’m very busy!”
“I just want to ask a few questions if I may. Miss—”
