6.41 E
Page 6
“I ate something bad, alright? Go away while I do my business!”
The man with the hat realized there was a smell in the air, coming from the bushes. He sniffed, recoiled, and backed away.
“Ah. I’ll wait until you’re done.”
That took a while. When the Centauress finally emerged from the underbrush, she looked quite unhappy. She stared at the Human man wearing a pack and travel-worn clothing and glared.
“Yes, that’s Riverfarm. Good for you. You have eyes. What do you want? Do you just find people doing their business and bother them?”
The man hesitated, but then gave Charlay an apologetic smile. It was an odd one—toothy, with teeth. A wide smile that Centaurs usually interpreted as being very aggressive. It was still friendly, but Charlay immediately didn’t like it. She folded her arms as the ancient animal senses in her head saw the teeth and prepared to fight or run.
“What do you want? And you have a creepy smile, Mister.”
The traveller looked abashed.
“My apologies, Miss. I get that a lot. I’m just a man on the road. I’d like to enter Riverfarm, but I’ve heard you have guests. The kind no one likes to meet. So long as they’re here, I think I’ll keep my distance. And warn anyone I can.”
“Guests? You mean, the [Witches]?”
The stranger nodded cautiously. He tugged at his long hat.
“You could call me a concerned traveller. But I’d like to warn you, Miss Centaur, that staying in Riverfarm would be dangerous. Have you heard what [Witches] do? Particularly those [Witches]?”
He pointed at the village. Charlay tossed her head impatiently.
“Nope. I know one of them and she’s a jerk. So what? You’re the suspicious one. You’re just wandering about; warning people there are dangerous [Witches] here for no reason? That’s not suspicious at all.”
She pawed the ground as she peered at the traveller. He didn’t look particularly dangerous and Charlay was sure one good kick would do him in. The traveller might have sensed her thoughts, because he stepped back, lifting his hands and smiling apologetically.
“I’m just doing a thankless job, Miss Centaur. I’m staying in this region for a bit. The [Witches] are a problem and I’d like to make people aware of how dangerous they are.”
“Really? What’re they going to do, curse us all?”
The man shook his head, pursing his lips, vexed.
“Have you studied history, Miss? [Witches] used to fight in wars with the north. When the Five Families first invaded, some of them helped topple the Drake cities and drive the Gnolls south. Of course, that was many thousands of years ago. These days they keep to their covens. But they’re dangerous. So much so that some of them, especially the tall one? The one with the black horse? She bothers me. Have you heard the trouble she brings?”
“Belavierr? No. Not at all. Now, if you’re quite done saying suspicious things, I’m going. You can come to Riverfarm if you want. But if you bother me again, I’m kicking you.”
Charlay turned around and showed the man her back hooves. He stepped back with a sigh.
“Not for the moment, Miss. But you’ll see what I mean soon enough. Trouble’s coming. I’m just trying to warn you all. If you’re wise, you won’t stay around those [Witches]. They bring it.”
“I’ll bear that in mind.”
The Centauress shot over her shoulder. She trotted back to Riverfarm, glancing back at the traveller. She didn’t like him being behind her. But after a moment, he began walking back the way he’d come. She frowned and trotted faster towards Riverfarm. First [Witches], now suspicious men on the road.  She shook her head.
“This place is weird.”
