6.41 E
Page 4
Ryoka hesitated, but the hand was out and both hers and Ram’s looked clean. Even if they weren’t. Gingerly, Ryoka shook the hand. The foremost question in her mind was, ‘did he wipe?’ But Ryoka was also trying to hold a conversation. And more people were coming in and out of the stalls. This was not the place, but Ram didn’t seem to mind.
“It’s a delight to meet Runners who’ll make the trip this far out without giving lip or treating the letters like trash. Let alone a big City Runner. It used to be hellish getting any letters delivered to my farm—I can’t pay silver for a delivery, or gold! And there’s no Runners about Riverfarm. Some former Street Runners, like Beycalt, but that was years ago! All of Lancrel’s Runners just found work elsewhere. Lucky them; they’re in demand.”
“That’s Runners for you.”
Ryoka smiled weakly. A woman walked out of another stall, a [Hunter] by the bow she’d left propped up by the door. She grabbed the unstrung bow and walked over.
“Miss Griffin? I’m Califfy, one of Riverfarm’s [Hunters]. I’d like to say hello too and thank you! I heard you talking with Ram.”
“Um, hi—”
Ryoka realized more and more people were looking over and recognizing her. And what was worse, they apparently had time to come over and shake hands, whether or not they were about to use the restroom or just had. Ryoka tried to smile, touch hands as lightly as possible, and endure the backslapping.
“It’s really great you’re here. I don’t want to trouble you—Prost said you’re about his Majesty’s business and weren’t to be bothered. But if you could make a few deliveries on the way back…? You see, I have this cousin abouts and I haven’t heard from him in…well, not since I left Windrest. Unless you’re busy?”
Ram was talking to Ryoka. Durene was watching from a distance upwind. Ryoka frowned.
“I am a City Runner. I can totally do that. Uh—where did you say he was?”
The [Rancher] brightened.
“Oh, about thirteen miles thataway. I can find him on a map if you have one. Otherwise, I could tell you the way—er, but I’m afraid I can’t afford to pay much. I gave what I had to Prost to buy what was needed for Riverfarm. But I could find a few copper—er—silver—”
He looked embarrassed as he patted at his belt. Ryoka hesitated.
“I don’t need to be paid. Durene’s putting me up in her cottage and your uh, [Emperor], did give me a lot of money to come here. To help. I’ll check on your brother, no problem. If you write a letter, I could even deliver it today. It’s only thirteen miles.”
“Really? Then—would you check on someone I know, Miss Griffin? I don’t need a letter, but there’s a family I know just a bit up that way.”
The [Hunter] named Califfy Ryoka’s shoulder urgently. Ryoka turned and nodded.
“Of course! I’d be happy to. Uh—”
She looked around and realized what she was getting into. A lot of villagers waiting to use the toilets were looking hopeful. Ryoka hesitated, and then nodded, making a split-second decision.
“I can’t go too far, but if you all make letters and tell me who’s in, say, a twenty-mile radius of Riverfarm? I’ll go for a run and check in on everyone I can. Free of charge.”
The crowd let out an exclamation and then cheer of approval. More pushed forwards, and Ryoka found herself shaking hands, being introduced—all while more people came out of the outhouses. A woman, Miss Yesel herself, Prost’s wife, was talking to Ryoka, placing one of her hands on Ryoka’s arm.
