6.41 E
Page 32
Nothing. Everything. But she was no [Emperor]. Ryoka stopped, closing her eyes. And into that silence, Nanette hesitantly spoke. The young [Witch] adjusted her hat and spoke up in a clear, carrying voice.
“It’s fine just to do what you want. So long as it’s something you won’t regret. You only live once. And I won’t die with any more regrets on my hat. Uh—that’s what Miss Califor says. Not me.”
The bright voice went right through Ryoka, like an arrow. She felt the words sink into her, but without barbs. I won’t die with any more regrets.
Mrsha and Ivolethe. The Horns and the Pithfire Hounds. You couldn’t go back. But you could go forwards. Without regrets? Ryoka had many. But she didn’t want to leave Riverfarm with another. She bent, and a smile crossed her face. It was rueful, because Ryoka knew it was a stupid idea she’d had. But it was hers. And this was something of her world. Why not? She straightened, and looked at Nanette. The girl was watching her cautiously.
“Miss Califor says that? She’s a great [Witch], isn’t she?”
“The best in the world.”
Nanette shot Wiskeria a daring glance. And the older [Witch] only smiled and tugged on her hat. Ryoka stared down at Nanette. And she wondered if she’d ever been like this. And Wiskeria—Ryoka could have been looking into a mirror. But for the paler skin, yellow-green eyes, shorter height, and glasses. A mirror.
Ryoka shook her head. When did she start seeing so much of herself in the women and girls she met? No—in so many people?  She straightened, took a breath, and smiled.
“I’ve got to go. Thanks, Nanette. Wiskeria. This really helped me.”
“Anytime. But where are you going, Ryoka?”
“Back to Durene’s cottage. And then into Riverfarm. I have to find Lady Rie and Prost. Catch up soon—you might want to be part of this! Got to run! Thank you! Again!”
The two [Witches] watched as Ryoka took off, running at full-speed through the forest. And they felt it, radiating off her. Where Ryoka had been dark, depressed, the clouds had lifted. Much like the blue skies overhead. But now something else poured from her. And it was—
Wiskeria nudged Nanette and the girl started. She looked up hesitantly.
“Can I—?”
“Go for it. She won’t feel it and she won’t mind, I’m sure. You can tell her later.”
The young [Witch] nodded, then she turned and stared at Ryoka’s rapidly disappearing back. She hesitated, then she cupped her hands pulled and Wiskeria felt her tug a bit of the emotion from Ryoka.
It wasn’t something you could see. One second Nanette pulled, and then she had it. It rested in her hands in a metaphorical sense. Wiskeria could sense it. A bit of…happiness.
Pure happiness. Wiskeria almost couldn’t look directly at it. And it was no emotion she’d ever use. What [Witch] would try to base her craft around something like that? Happiness? As fleeting and hard to grasp as a butterfly in a tornado. And surely, useless! Who could make something out of that? How would it last?
Nanette held it and smiled, with ease. With grace. And in her hands, it pulsed, a burning, bright feeling from Ryoka. And it didn’t flicker out. Because happiness lasted longer in her hands. Because it was her.
In that moment, Wiskeria envied Nanette more than she could say. She carefully cleared her throat.
“What will you make of it?”
“I don’t know. I have a few charms, but I think I’ll ask Miss Califor. I’ll put it here.”
