6.41 E
Page 13
“She did? That’s what Mavika—er, what did she say?”
Califor frowned. She reached out and plucked a wobbling scone out of the air as Nanette managed to get it to eye-level. The [Witch] took a bite and nodded, chewing briskly.
“That you feel like the wind. That’s unusual enough. But I agree. There’s an odd affinity with the wind about you, but you’re no [Mage]. How did you come by that gift, young woman? It’s not an artifact either.”
“I…learned it from a friend.”
Ryoka’s evasive answer got her another piercing glare. Califor swallowed, opened her mouth, and received a gentle but firm look from Eloise. She frowned, but dropped it.  Eloise smiled and went on.
“Then what brings you here?”
“I—I’d like to know about [Witches].”
Nanette sat up. Wiskeria and Eloise smiled. And Califor snorted.
“If your goal is to fly like Witch Alevica, Miss Griffin, I would forget about it. She is a prodigy and it took her six years to learn how to fly. Moreover, none of our coven is looking to take on apprentices. I’m afraid I only have time to teach Nanette. And Wiskeria if she wishes it.”
She nodded at Wiskeria as she pointed at something upstream. Ryoka leaned over as Wiskeria frowned and didn’t reply to Miss Califor’s comment. Was that a hat floating downriver? No. It was Alevica. She was swimming in the river! And she was stripped down to her undergarments. Except for her hat. Nanette giggled at the sight and sat up straight when Califor glanced at her.
“I…don’t want to fly, Miss Califor. I just want to know about [Witches].”
The older [Witch] stared at Ryoka, seeing right through the lie. Ryoka sighed.
“Okay, I’d like to know how to fly. But I don’t think I could be a [Witch]. And I don’t intend to be one.”
“You could be. You have a bit of what it takes. But let’s let that lie. You want to know about [Witches], Miss Griffin? What do you know about us already?”
Eloise tapped the cooling tea pot with a finger and Ryoka saw a trail of steam rise from the tea the [Witch] poured into her cup. The City Runner thought and answered slowly.
“I think I understand a bit. Durene described Wiskeria making her brew. It sounds like [Witches] rely on rituals as opposed to [Mages] who cast direct spells they memorize. Chanting, more uh, traditional spellcasting and the ability to tame familiars, perform alchemy—it makes [Witches] a broader class than most spellcasters. But there’s something else to it, right? Durene mentioned Wiskeria was gathering emotions.”
She looked around. Eloise smiled approvingly and Califor’s eyebrows shot up. She nodded grudgingly. Ryoka felt like she’d earned a rare gold star. Eloise nodded.
“You’re quite observant, Miss Ryoka. And you’re also entirely correct. [Witches] use emotions and feelings in our spells. Well, it’s wrong to say just emotions. We use regrets, grudges, as well as places of power.”
“Places of death. Or life. The nature changes, but power is power. What matters is how a [Witch] uses it and to what end. They must take care they are not consumed by what they try to wield. Remember that, Nanette. And wipe your mouth.”
“Yes, Miss Califor.”
Califor struck Ryoka as someone with a lesson for every situation. Ryoka hesitated, trying to process what she’d just heard. So [Witches] used emotions to fuel their spells?
“Is that confidential? If it is, I can keep a secret.”
Califor snorted and Eloise laughed so gently that Ryoka blushed. Wiskeria settled back, letting the two older women talk as she showed Nanette how to levitate a scone with her own wand.
