6.41 E
Page 29
“That’s right! She used to stay in one place when I was small. But ever since I was…eight? She took me with her. All over the place! One time she helped kill a nest of Shield Spiders. Hundreds of ‘em! And another time there was a dam that broke and she helped the local [Witch] relocate the villagers. Miss Califor goes where she’s needed, or so she says.”
“Is that part of her craft?”
Nanette paused as she hunted around a tree and discovered a white toadstool.
“No…she says she takes whatever she wants. Goodwill, anger, all kinds. She’s so good she doesn’t need one emotion or other!”
“Really? And you like being with her?”
Ryoka’s brows shot up. Wiskeria made a face and mouthed the word ‘legend’ at her. She pointed at the white mushroom.
“Deathcap. Remember to wash your hands later. And check for spores and mold before you pick it up.”
“I know!”
Diligently, the girl did just that and came up with the mushroom twenty seconds later. She put into the sack and then looked at Ryoka.
“I do like it. Being a [Witch] is fun! Hard work sometimes, but it’s all I’ve ever wanted. Miss Califor raised me since I was a baby, you see—”
She broke off, looking awkward. Ryoka glanced at Nanette. Ah, so she wasn’t a student who’d come to Califor to learn. Wiskeria had said that Miss Califor had never had a student who followed her about. She looked at Wiskeria. The [Witch] tugged at her hat and cleared her throat.
“Well, you met my mother. It’s not common, but it happens. There are cases of [Witches] either adopting a child who was lost or even buying them from [Slavers]. Striking deals for a child—that’s old stuff. Sometimes a [Witch] even has a baby, but most of those cases are young. Old [Witches] rarely take in kids either way.”
Wiskeria adjusted her hat, looking uncomfortable and Nanette looked down. Ryoka sensed it was a touchy subject and immediately steered to port.
“Miss Califor once took on a nest of Shield Spiders? That’s impressive. Was it by herself?”
“Almost.”
“Then she’s got to be pretty impressive. Heck, this entire coven is. They all feel like they could take on half a dozen Gargoyles and walk out fine.”
“Maybe! Although…Miss Califor says that a good [Witch] never tries to solve things with force the first time around. We’re not as strong as regular classes, at least, not directly.”
Nanette dutifully recited the words. Ryoka nodded. Wiskeria rolled her eyes, but gently. She pulled out a wand and tapped it.
“We rely on tools a lot. Like [Wizards]. They’re our counterparts in a sense. Take Alevica for instance. She’s good at magic and she can summon undead, throw spells, but I think [Lightning Bolt] is her best offensive spell. In exchange for that, she can use poisons, her crossbow, a shortsword, not to mention fly—”
“She’s amazing. Isn’t she? I heard she was the most brilliant [Witch] in a hundred years—”
The young girl breathed, and then realized Wiskeria was making a face. She went on, blushing.
“Not that you’re not amazing too, Wiskeria! I didn’t mean that!”
“You don’t need to make me feel better, Nanette. I’m sure Miss Califor has a lesson about being realistic. I know I’m average. My mother tells me I need to improve all the time.”
So why don’t you? The question hung in the air unasked. Wiskeria tugged on her hat and answered slowly.
“It’s hard to use my craft. You see, a [Witch] does what she is compelled to do. Her craft is her purpose, in a sense. She draws strength from it. That’s also how a [Witch] is made.”
“How you’re made? And how’s that? You don’t just get the class?”
