6.41 E
Page 14
“None of this is a grand secret. It’s simply that no one asks, young woman. And that [Witches] prefer to keep their methods private. We don’t gossip about our talents. But this is a time of unusual circumstance and you are unusual yourself. So yes, [Witches] use feelings like power. We gather it. And ritual, incantation, that is all a way to harness that power. It is not as obvious or loud as a [Mage]’s spell. And it lacks the force of that magic. But it can do what regular spells cannot. It is not greater or worse. Just different.”
Eloise nodded and put down her cup.
“Like each [Witch]. You may have noticed this, Miss Griffin, but [Witch] is as wide a class as [Mage]. We all have our talents. Mine, as you may have noticed, is tea. Tea, sociability, medicines—I put my magic into that. Take this for example. This is my tea I’ve sold to some of Riverfarm’s villagers.”
She produced a packet of dried tea and offered it to Ryoka. The Runner Girl took it, opened it, and frowned. Califor nodded.
“It’s just a basic root tea. What makes it special is her magic. Try it. Here. Nanette, fill this kettle and then warm it up.”
She gestured to Nanette and the apprentice dutifully got up, filled the pot from the stream, and put it on the ground. She looked hesitantly at Miss Califor.
“With a spell?”
“Yes. [Hot Hands]. It’s a basic Tier 0 spell. You do need regular spells as much as incantation. But use it to burn the kindling. Here.”
“Wouldn’t it be easier to heat up the water by holding it?”
Nanette looked wistfully at the pot. Califor sighed.
“It would. Igniting a stick requires focusing the heat of your spell into a hand or finger. It requires concentration, but it means your control over a basic spell will be much greater. [Hot Hands] is useless if all you can do is make a kettle steam. If you can ignite a fire, however, it means the spell has utility. And what does a [Witch] value?”
“Good boots?”
Nanette blushed as Wiskeria and Ryoka burst out into laughter. Eloise smiled and Miss Califor’s glare sent Nanette fumbling to ignite the sticks. It took her eight tries, in which time Eloise had prepared a second pot. All she had to do was touch it; Califor pointed that out as an exemplary use of the same spell.
“Now, these are two identical mixtures, Miss Griffin. The difference is that I’ve put my magic into one. It’s a simple process, and it’s not much magic. But it’s different from enchanting it. I put my craft into it.”
Ryoka eyed the two identical, dark teas. She looked up.
“By craft, you mean…”
“She means the particular magic she desires. Each [Witch] is different, Miss Griffin. Eloise looks for different things than I do. You’ve seen her tea parties. That is not a simple charity. Nor is what Hedag does. Or Alevica. Our craft is what we seek, what defines us as [Witches]. What does Eloise do when she sits with others and offers them tea and advice? Nanette.”
The apprentice jumped and stuttered.
“S-she helps them by making them feel better? And um, making them feel nice?”
“And what does she gain from doing that?”
“She takes…she takes…”
The apprentice panicked. Wiskeria spoke quietly as she brushed crumbs off her dress.
“She takes a bit of their happiness. Their goodwill and cheer. Not all of it; just a bit.”
Califor sniffed, but nodded.
“Correct.”
“Really?”
Ryoka sat up and looked at Eloise. The older [Witch] closed one eye as she poured a cup.
