6.41 E
Page 31
The girl looked close to tears. Ryoka scrubbed a hand through her hair. Wiskeria hesitated.
“That’s unusual. Califor believes in learning by experience. I sliced my hand to the bone and she just told me to practice a mending brew on it. I guess she’s careful because you’re young, Nanette. But really—”
“No!”
“Come on, we’ll tell her it was our faults. But she should know. She’s your teacher. What’s the worst that’ll happen? She’ll turn us into frogs while cackling? It’s fine, Nanette. But you should tell her.”
Ryoka gently teased the girl. Wiskeria caught on.
“Exactly. She’s not going to punish you, Nanette. Maybe scold a bit. But she’ll hardly get on a broom and race about with a black cat casting hexes.”
“Oh? You’re familiar with the [Witches] I know? Don’t forget enchanted scarecrows and dancing around naked by moonlight. Hey, Wiskeria, give me an evil cackle.”
The City Runner grinned at Wiskeria. The [Witch] laughed and Nanette calmed down a bit. Chuckling, Wiskeria helped her clean off her arm.
“I don’t know any [Witch] that cackles, Ryoka. I’m sure my mother could do a splendid one, but I’ve heard her laugh exactly twice in my entire life. Hedag’s got a great laugh.”
“And a booming voice. That’s a great laugh; you’re right. But I can’t imagine her cackling. I could imagine Mavika cackling, though.”
“You think so? I haven’t heard her do it. Mind you, when she gets angry she will screech and scream. You don’t want to see her cast a hex. And believe me, she can do a nasty one.”
“I heard Miss Califor cackle once.”
“Really?”
The two young women looked at her. Nanette nodded.
“She only did it once. She was embarrassed afterwards. She says it plays into uh—uh—stereotypes about [Witches].”
“That it does. But I think she’ll be fine when you explain about the cut.”
Ryoka smiled and Nanette reluctantly nodded. Ryoka straightened up. It was fun being together with Nanette and Wiskeria. Fun! They resumed gathering and Nanette announced that she was nearly done with her collecting! As soon as she did, Ryoka realized she’d have to face Durene and her questions. And Riverfarm. Her good mood sank through her bare feet and into the ground.
“Gah.”
Wiskeria snapped her fingers.
“And you were cheering up. What’s wrong, Ryoka? Was it yesterday, meeting all those people? Or is it Durene? I know she’s insistent, but she trusts you. She thinks since Laken sent you, you can make things right. She really misses him. I’m sorry she’s so…”
She waved one hand. Ryoka nodded. Durene was persistent, stubborn, and clinging. Which made sense if you remembered that she was a half-Troll girl who’d lived her entire life as a social outcast. Laken had clearly been the first person to see her as a person, and Ryoka remembered the way he’d been protective of her as much as she was of him in Invrisil. But even so. She shook her head as she walked back with Nanette and Wiskeria through the forest.
“I just don’t know how to help her, Wiskeria. Or Riverfarm. I’d like to do something. But I don’t know what. I’m no [Emperor]. And I can’t give Riverfarm a grand idea. I just…”
She thought of the people. Damn it. Why did she have to care? Charlay cared, but in a sympathetic way. But Ryoka?
Ryoka was a girl from Earth. A girl who read stories about dying people, crises of humanity in Darfur, or monsters pretending to be men. Dying people. People in need. And greed and indifference in her home. And she was angry. Had been angry. An angry girl. At herself, her father, at injustice. Part of her still was. But what could you do?
