6.41 E
Page 30
“Oh no. You have to have a moment that defines you as a [Witch]. A moment of…passion. It’s a calling. You also need a talent for magic or to want to be a [Witch], but some of us are called to it. Others just become [Mages]. But we’ve all had one. I was surprised Nanette was a [Witch] so young.”
“I got my class when I was six.”
“Six?”
Wiskeria looked astonished. Nanette nodded cheerfully. Wiskeria tugged on her head.
“I was fourteen. Of course, I wanted to be a [Witch]. But I never got the class. And when I did—well—”
She trailed off. Nanette pretended to be busy peeling bark off a tree. Ryoka hesitated. Now this was the heart of what was Wiskeria’s problem with Belavierr. She waited a beat, and then asked.
“What made you become a [Witch], Wiskeria? If that’s not too personal?”
“It always is. But it’s fine. It’s no secret among [Witches]. Nanette could tell you.”
The girl squeaked and began to deny it shiftily. Wiskeria shook her head. She turned to face Ryoka.
“You know my mother’s Belavierr. And you know she’s…extraordinary. Even among other [Witches]. I always thought it was, well, not normal, but she was my mother growing up. But she’s old. The oldest, perhaps the strongest. I’m not joking, Ryoka.”
“I know. Even I can tell that.”
“Well then. I always thought I’d be like her. I learned—you can learn magic, you know, even if you don’t have a class. Not many people know that. I was a [Mage] and a [Sewer], but I wasn’t a [Witch]. Mother always told me it would come. And I wanted it. And when it happened—well, that’s when I left. And Miss Califor taught me for a while, and my coven. But you could say I’m incomplete as a [Witch]. Certainly for the daughter of Belavierr, the Stitch Witch.”
The words were spilling out of her. Wiskeria took a shuddering breath, her normally calm façade gone. Ryoka waited as Nanette stared wide-eyed at the older [Witch] in the forest.
“What made you into a [Witch]?”
Wiskeria looked around. She closed her eyes.
“Seeing my mother for who she truly was.”
No one spoke after that. Wiskeria looked at them, and Ryoka silently helped her and Nanette peel more bark. Ryoka felt guilty for asking. What did she expect? After another long moment, another confession burst from Wiskeria’s mouth.
“She’s not my mother either. She found me and took me in. No one could believe it, apparently. She doesn’t…show kindness to children. But she took me in and she says I’m her true daughter. I wish I could believe that with all my heart. But I’ve known my mother and I’ve never met anything in this world she loves.”
Except for you? Ryoka thought of Belavierr focusing on Wiskeria. But she bit her tongue. Because part of her didn’t know if she believed it either. Nanette looked between Wiskeria and Ryoka. She was so nervous she cut her hand as she harvested a bit of Sage’s Grass.
“Nanette!”
Ryoka fumbled for a healing potion at the same time as Wiskeria. Nanette looked at the deep, deep slash on her arm and fainted. When she came around, she sat up, protesting weakly.
“I’m fine! I’m fine! I just—don’t tell Miss Califor, please? A [Witch] should never faint. Other people do the fainting, but we have to be awake or who else will?”
Wiskeria and Ryoka shared a shaky laugh. Ryoka pointed down at the girl’s healed arm. Not a scar was left, but Nanette’s eyes widened as she saw the dried blood.
“I think we should tell her. You’re healed, but that was dangerous.”
“No! She won’t trust me with herb gathering again!”
Nanette looked horrified. Wiskeria hesitated.
“Nanette—”
“I don’t want to disappoint her. She let me use a sickle just last year.”
