6.41 E
Page 46
That was true magic. True magic. And it had been done with such a small thing. A bit of thread. Ryoka began to understand what Belavierr could do. She wanted to talk to the [Witch] again. Thank her. And perhaps her daughter did too. Wiskeria kept pinching herself as Charlay bore her back.
The weary procession returned to Riverfarm in high spirits. Not because they were glad of the fight. Three of the passengers had been killed by the [Fireball]. And the others had been wounded. But their spirits were still high out of the sheer, giddy feeling of being alive. Ryoka was grinning despite herself, trembling with her own after-fight exhaustion. She headed straight into Riverfarm, seeing the lights in a few windows. But the village was mostly dark without magic or electricity.
Ryoka expected a huge crowd that had heard about the battle. And there was one. But it was not for her or Durene or the riders. She stopped as she saw the turned backs. The silent, staring faces.
They were not looking at her. Nor were they making any sound. The people of Riverfarm were quiet. Deathly so. They stood together, so close as to touch. As if to remind themselves they weren’t alone.
They filled the street as the procession halted. Ryoka stepped forwards uncertainly. Wiskeria rode forwards, craning her neck. The street was motionless. The people voiceless.
But it was not quiet. There was a rhythmic sound in the air. Quiet. Then louder. Insistent.
It was faint, plaintive, cry. A wailing sound every person knew. A baby’s cry. Ryoka heard it, but it didn’t connect with the faces around her. The haunted looks.
“What’s…what’s going on?”
No one responded to Charlay’s uneasy question. Wiskeria looked up. Silently, slowly, she slipped off the [Rider]’s horse. The villagers looked up. Saw her. They parted. Ryoka saw Wiskeria move forwards. And the young woman felt a sense of trepidation.
They stood in the center of the gathering. Six [Witches]. Hedag. Eloise. Alevica. Califor. Nanette. Mavika. Watching silently. Hedag’s expression was a mirthless smile, harsh and pained. Eloise had closed her eyes. Califor was half-blocking Nanette’s view. The girl was shuddering. Alevica looked uneasy. As close to fear as Ryoka had ever seen. And Mavika? The [Witch] looked at Wiskeria and Ryoka. And she nodded.
Closer still. Ryoka pushed forwards with Wiskeria. Prost and Rie stood in the inner circle. Their faces were white. They had lost their voices too. They turned as Wiskeria moved forwards, towards the center. The crying was louder, insistent. And there was a voice now. Someone whispering. Cooing sweetly. Trying to soothe the baby she held—
Ryoka saw Rehanna, standing in the center of the silent crowd and for a moment, she felt relieved. Because there was nothing wrong. The woman was sitting on the ground, rocking an infant in her arms. It was a normal scene. Ordinary.
For a moment, Ryoka could believe it. Then she looked up at the tall figure standing like a shadow behind Rehanna. As tall as a nightmare, her hat wide, pointed. And her eyes, the rings of orange glowing in the twilight. And the illusion broke as Ryoka saw what Belavierr had done.
“Hush my child, don’t make a sound. Your mother’s here and treats abound…”
Rehanna sang as she held the child to her breast. The infant wailed and Ryoka saw it at last. It was right in all the right ways. It was the same size. It had the same color. And it made sound. It moved. It looked like an infant.
But it was not. It was not alive. It was no baby. The thing wriggled, writhed, opened its mouth and exposed black insides. 
