6.41 E
Page 17
The picnic went silent. Nanette edged closer to Califor and the older [Witch] lowered her cup. She and Eloise looked at each other.
“Loss. Among other things.”
“I see. Is she—different from the rest of you?”
“Only in the sense of age. Any [Witch] might become as powerful as her. In time.”
Califor sniffed, but it was quietly. Eloise shook her head.
“Any [Witch] might. But you could regard her as the most powerful [Witch] present by some margin, Miss Griffin. And Belavierr is extraordinary. Let us leave it at that.”
Ryoka wanted to. But she had promised Laken, damn it. Exactly what she had promised and how much she owed him was up for debate, but Belavierr spoke to Ryoka of every movie cliché and old story possible. If there ever was a big, bad [Witch] who was going to cause trouble, it was her.
“Sorry, Eloise. But I do have to know. What did she offer Rehanna? Why were you two fighting over her?”
Eloise paused. She put down the packet of herbs and looked up slowly. She didn’t scowl, not exactly, but Ryoka felt the pleasant air go still for a moment. Eloise’s voice was sharper as she glanced at Belavierr.
“Both she and I have different philosophies towards what should be done with Rehanna. We both offer resolution of a kind. In this instance, Belavierr got to Rehanna first. I wish it hadn’t been so. I don’t know what she offered.”
But she could guess. Wiskeria, Califor, Eloise—none of them wanted to say. Ryoka glanced at Nanette. The girl just looked slightly frightened as she glanced at Belavierr, and awed.
“I take it she’s a legend among [Witches]? A Weatherwax, if you will?”
“What kind of name is that?”
Califor frowned and shook her head. Ryoka recalled what Wiskeria had said. They were all legends. But then, did that make Belavierr a myth? Ryoka hesitated.
“I’d like to ask her some questions. If I could. Wiskeria?”
“What? I can help you with that. It’s fine.”
Wiskeria said that as much to Ryoka as the other [Witches]. Califor and Eloise traded a glance and nodded. Reluctantly. Ryoka saw that and grew considerably more apprehensive as Wiskeria got up. But the daughter walked over to Belavierr as casually as could be. Ryoka, following her, felt the shadows seem to grow as she approached Belavierr’s tree.
It was…dark here. Darker, despite the shining sun and clear skies not a foot away. The shadows of the tree made Ryoka’s skin break out into goose bumps as she walked under them. It was quiet. She saw Belavierr sitting, the hat hiding her face. And the [Witch]’s hands were moving.
A pale needle flashed between long fingers. A pale, flesh-colored thread was moving, as the needle stitched. The [Witch]’s hands were so fast that Ryoka couldn’t follow them. The needle moved, in out, changing, a hypnotic dance. It made Ryoka uneasy. The rest of Belavierr was so still. Part of Ryoka told her not to approach.
But Wiskeria was there. The [Witch] looked down at her mother and frowned. But she was unaffected by the nervousness that touched Ryoka. She looked at Ryoka. The young woman gulped. Her mouth was suddenly dry. She coughed.
“Belavierr? Um. Witch Belavierr. I’d like to speak with you. If I may?”
There was no response. And that was the scariest part of all. Belavierr didn’t move. It was like she hadn’t heard a thing. Ryoka tried again.
“Witch Belavierr? I seek an audience. Witch Belavierr? I’d like to talk…”
