6.41 E
Page 1
“Who would I spar with? And I can’t practice; I know how to hit things, but I’m not an expert. I don’t have a Skill and I didn’t train that long.”
“So why not try and reform the army before Laken gets back?”
Durene exhaled exasperatedly and nodded, missing the look on Ryoka’s face.
“That’s what I keep saying. But Wiskeria won’t do it. She’s our [General], remember?”
“Right. And without a [General], reforming the army is a hopeless task. We should give up on it completely.”
Durene frowned.
“Well, I’m working on Wiskeria. She’ll come around or Laken will persuade her.”
“Probably.”
Ryoka sighed again, louder. She stared at the village. It was bustling. She saw a team of wood cutters marching back with wagons full of lumber, pulled by a pair of mules. They had to wait to get in; more work was being done at the edges of the village. The [Builders] could put up a house in hours. And the fields were vast; Ryoka had seen how much was being grown and peeked in the store houses.
Hell, they’d need to make a grain silo soon just to store the produce! At the same time, Riverfarm lacked a lot of basic amenities. It was trying to complete itself, take in the excess population flooding it, and tend to security, social problems like Lancrel’s troublemakers, and the [Witches] all at once.
What the village needed wasn’t a bright idea, but a leader who could manage it all. It needed Laken. And since Ryoka wasn’t him, she felt like adding anything would make the precarious balance break. Still, he’d asked for her help. Grimacing, she pointed back at the field.
“Durene, do you know what a grain silo is?”
She hated the way the [Farmer]’s eyes lit up and she stopped.
“No. What is it? Did you have an idea?”
“No. Well—this is what it is. It’s just an upright building, like a tower. And you pour grain inside…”
Ryoka explained and Durene frowned.
“You mean, like a warehouse.”
“Yup.”
“Why do we need one of those?”
“It’s…efficient? Good for bulk storage? Things don’t rot or decay fast in them, I think. Then again, you’d need a grain elevator—you know what? Forget it.”
“Well, if it’s as good as a [Preservation] spell, that’d be great. Why don’t you talk to Prost about it?”
“No, no—it was just a thought.”
“But it could be a good idea! Laken said you had some really great ones. What if you shared the other ones he wanted?”
Ryoka could barely remember all the things she’d suggested to him. Crop rotation? Efficient hand-plows? Had she talked about windmill-based power? She shook her head.
“My ‘ideas’. Yeah. Tell me again about the Goblins. The second group. Not the raiders. Especially the part where you attacked them first.”
“We didn’t do it first. Goblins were raiding us all over the place! This was the biggest army yet, and Laken said he sensed them attacking another city’s army. So he laid a trap!”
Durene corrected Ryoka severely. The City Runner frowned. She’d missed that part in Durene’s last catch up.
“They destroyed an army?”
“That’s what Laken said. What does it matter? They started attacking us afterwards. They destroyed Lancrel and the raids that burned down half the area around Riverfarm was that tribe’s doing!”
The [Farmer] clenched her fists angrily. Ryoka eyed her hands and shook her head. She spoke carefully, clenching her right hand and unclenching it as she spoke.
“I know they’re dangerous. I met that Goblin Lord. He wiped out a Gnoll tribe for no reason. Or maybe it was just because I…”
