6.42 E
Page 3
The remaining Redfangs apparently have more stripes than exposed skin. I don’t know how they make anything like a dye, even with blood, but apparently that [Shaman] has something to do with it.
Gamel fusses over the blanket with me as he continues describing the Hobgoblin’s actions. And I listen. When we return to my lands, I want to see how close my image of these Goblins is to reality. I’ve learned about them. But only as an outsider. I know things, but I don’t know what they mean. And they refuse to talk to me. And that’s fine.
“He’s using your phone, sire.”
“Of course he is.”
And here’s where my imagination really has to strain. But there’s this…Goblin. Sitting, while the other Goblins cluster around him, peering at the glowing screen. And I’m told they can use it as adeptly as me. Scrolling from screen to screen with a delicate flick, handling the iPhone with the utmost care, despite the fact that you can just [Repair] it and charge the battery and fix the screen in one go.
For a few minutes, the Hob does just that. Then he makes a decision and it takes the Hobgoblin only a second to open the app he wants. Hah—it took the Goblin children less than an hour to start using Siri’s voice commands the first time.
It shouldn’t surprise me, honestly. I’m told there’s a video of a monkey of some kind figuring out how to use an app on a smartphone. And if a primate could do it, Goblins should understand it—better than Humans, actually. Gralton and Yitton both freaked out when I took a picture of them (off center), and they both treat it as if it’s made of diamonds.
Which it is, I suppose. But it’s worth something here. No—more than anywhere else. And in that sense, my iPhone holds a treasure from another world. Which is what the Hob listens to now. He doesn’t use headphones; that would mean he’s the only one listening to it. But there’s a start—a strain of music. And then even the wagon drivers stop grumbling. Because they know what’s coming.
A song.
I can hear it. It begins with a violin. And an accordion, both instruments that few in this world could play. And a man’s voice begins to sing. By my side, Gamel sighs. Because he recognizes it too.
The music’s distant, but familiar; the Goblins make no sounds as the wagons carry them. They listen, to a German singer. Irony of ironies, it’s a song I’ve played in this world.
Viertel vor Sieben.
There’s no way they can know what the song means. And yet, I think they do. It’s the Hob’s favorite song. He’s played it fifty three times. And yes, I count. There’s little to do on this caravan besides talk and listen. Less for a blind man; I can’t ride or practice swordplay or hunt like Gralton or Yitton. So I think. Appropriate, for an [Emperor].
The German music plays, a gentle, sad song. Nostalgic. And I can’t even fathom what the Goblins must look like. But they all listen. The Humans riding, the Goblins in the wagon. Listening to a song from another world.
At least in this, I can say Earth is unmatched. The songs and music and stories written as our society progressed and technology allowed more people to become songwriters or experiment is something this world lacks. We may not be better people. I’m proof of that. But we have this.
