6.42 E
Page 13
“The Stitch Witch. She hung them all. Men. Women. Children. In Terandria.”
The [Mage] looked up. And even he and Fierre, jaded though they were from stories, had to pause.
“Why? Do you know?”
“No. No one does. But she’s a [Witch]. It was probably a deal someone made.”
Gailt shuddered and sat up.
“I don’t get paid to hear that kind of shit. I just send [Messages]. And I sent yours. That old hag in Filk says she’ll get it done. Tonight. You uh, want confirmation?”
“Yes. Tell me the instant it happens.”
The [Mage] sighed, but he didn’t protest much. He made his way out of the room and Fierre locked the door after him. Then she sat and put her head in her hands.
“Ryoka…”
If it was anyone but her, Fierre would be selling the information and trying to do it before the Ratwhisperer sold his. It was worth gold, and a lot of it. Fierre had money, but she wasn’t exactly the top player in the region. Thirty gold pieces, or even fifty would be huge. Instead, she’d spent eight gold to earn her an enemy.
And Fierre couldn’t even feel that bad about it. Gloomily, she began to secure her desk, locking each drawer with a magical key that would keep the files safe. She left the small room, locking up.
She couldn’t work right now. She was too bothered. And frankly, not in the right headspace to be cautious in opening a letter or dealing in some underhanded information trade. She decided she needed to drink some blood, and maybe consult with someone. But she really couldn’t do more for Ryoka. Even if she wanted to.
The Vampire girl pulled her hood up as soon as she stepped out of the alleyway. The sun was a painful brightness on her skin. If she stayed out in it exposed, her skin would quickly grow sunburnt or begin peeling. And even with layers on, Fierre hurried through the street and the morning light to get back to the Huntress’ Haven before she began suffering.
At least that was one thing. As Fierre slipped in through the doors—Madain hasn’t left on his daily hunting trip yet—she flitted up to her room and unlocked another chest with a second magical key. She pulled out a glass bottle and saw some of the blood had dried. Annoyed, Fierre uncorked it, and drank. She had to scrape the bottle and the blood wasn’t the best.
“Sheep.”
Fierre glowered as she drank. It made her feel better, but she hated sheep. Pig tasted better, but she’d have to go back home to refill her stash. That, or eat a lot of bloody meat, and the [Butchers] got suspicious if you asked for that too often.
“In the old times, we drank the blood of Humans and Gnolls and Drakes. We ruled Izril in the shadows, just as our kin ruled Terandria and even parts of Baleros. Few of us ever went to Chandrar, but we walked in twilight and darkness, even in Wistram’s halls. We were aristocrats and mages, kings and queens. Heroes and legend.”
Bitterly, the Vampire girl quoted old Bamer’s stories. She made a face as she uncorked a water bottle and got the rest of the blood out by adding some water. That tasted horribly, well, watery, but every drop counted. It wasn’t as if Fierre could prey on a stray dog or harass some poor [Farmer] around Reizmelt. If one person saw her, she’d be dead.
She tossed the empty glass jar back into the chest and locked it. Then Fierre lay on her rough bed and stared up at the ceiling. She could hear Madain moving about below, smell him too. Unwashed, hung over—but the smell of his blood ran in Fierre’s nose as well. It smelled sweet.
“Ignore it. You’re full. You’re full.”
