6.42 E
Page 11
The Vampire girl stared at Gailt. And then she began cursing. He grinned, lolling back in his chair as she tried not to overturn the desk and smash it in half. She eventually sat and yanked out a drawer. It was neatly filed, with pieces of information on…well, everything.
Fierre was an Opener. Even if she didn’t have the class, she opened letters, paid Runners for their secrets, and negotiated the sale of information. That meant she’d dipped her toes into the part of the world that the official law of the cities wouldn’t tangle in. It also meant that Fierre’s worth was contained in what she knew.
And as stated, a [Thief] would love to get his or her hands on that information to sell to a Watch Captain, [Lord] or [Lady], another [Broker], or any number of organizations. And yet, it was a dangerous game to play. Information was money and power. But it could also be danger. Which was why Fierre trusted Gailt, for all he was a drunkard. If he sold the [Messages] that he handled, or if people thought he was filing away what he relayed, he’d be dead very, very quickly. It was Fierre who had the power in the relationship. In connections, coin, and yes, information.
“That bastard wants to ignore me? Does he think because he’s the top [Fence] in Filk he’s anything like an [Opener] in a city like Reizmelt? Filk doesn’t even have a damn Thieves’ Guild! Fine! Gailt! Send a [Message] to—”
She consulted her parchment, breathing angrily. Gailt sighed as he put a finger to his head.
“—Daufica Longshel. Wait, is that right?”
“Nope! I know her. Beautiful lady, or so I want to believe. Beautiful mental voice.”
Fierre glanced up.
“She’s sixty years old.”
She was rewarded by Gailt’s look of distress and a single digit. He closed his eyes.
“Go to Rhir and die, Fierre. What do I say?”
“Tell her I want a message sent to Ratwhisperer. Make it painful and thorough. I’m also paying her eight big ones—light up his office.”
Gailt blinked.
“Send a message—oh. Eight gold for—are you sure?”
He looked a bit rattled and more sober than a moment ago. Just like last night. Fierre’s eyes flashed dangerously, but she kept them from turning red.
“Do I look like I’m joking, Gailt?”
She saw his mouth pop open, and then decide to close. The man closed his eyes and Fierre sat back. She clenched her fists. This was unlike her. If you decoded what she’d just said, she’d just paid Daufica, a [Mage] who also doubled as a [Fixer]. Unlike Fierre, she dealt in very real things. And Fierre had hired her to send a few people to the [Fence]’s office and beat him. Perhaps with broken bones. And then burn it down.
Some might call that an extreme reaction. And it was certainly nothing light. Fierre was pretty certain she could get away with it. The ‘Ratwhisperer’ as he called himself (his real name was Jenkil Thert), didn’t have the clout to fight back. If he tried, Fierre had a secure iron door, a number of protection deals with Reizmelt’s top gang, and she was a Vampire. Hiring a group of people to beat her up was a fatal mistake.
Even so, it was dangerous. Fierre didn’t know why she was doing it. Maybe because Ryoka was her friend. She was one of the few people who knew who Fierre was who wasn’t a Vampire. And she was…different.
Fierre’s mother, Colfa, hadn’t been able to control her. And Himilt, Fierre’s father, had told Fierre to her face that Ryoka was someone to watch. Although he’d meant that as a warning.
