6.42 E
Page 8
Gralton’s voice is measured. And when I nod, he speaks. For all he’s impetuous, thoughtless at times, he’s higher-level than Yitton or I. And he doesn’t scoff at my dreams or feelings.
“Premonition. I’ve had that too, vaguely. When a bunch of damn Crelers set up a huge nest in my lands. A feeling like something was creeping up on me from behind. I was walking around my estates, looking for rats or insects for three weeks until it was nearly too late. I had to hire three Gold-rank teams and Baudin the Brass.”
I nod. Two stories from Gralton in a day. That’s how he tends to give advice, through the lens of his failures. Yitton is more contemplative.
“In the past, the Byres house has clashed with [Witches], as well as other monsters. We were vampire slayers in another age, the first [Knights] who rode with the Five Families before that. They believed any threat could be defeated with silver and steel. But they armed themselves for each threat in turn. And many of the Byres line have perished in battle.”
So would silver be enough to defeat a [Witch]? That’s Yitton for you. Cautious advice rooted in history. I consider both points. And in truth, my answer is simple. It’s…all I can give. We’re moving as fast as we can in the rain. And I am blind outside of my lands. Far still, from home.
“Thank you for your advice, you two. I don’t know if we’ll make it. But in light of this—I’d like to adjust our course. Towards Radivaek lands. If we take a northern route, we’ll stick to the main roads.”
The two men confer and Gralton pulls out a small map.
“It’s still two days’ fast ride to my lands from where we’d split to Riverfarm. And that’s if I left the caravan and rode as fast as I could. Call it four or five days if I set out now. And I’d have to leave my dogs behind.”
There’s a note of expectancy in his voice. I nod.
“I’d prefer your company, Gralton. But if things get worse, I’d ask that you ride ahead towards your lands.”
In case he needs to bring back his army. Gralton agrees quietly. Yitton moves; I can hear the chainmail as he adjusts it and his belt.
“In that case, I will accompany you, Laken. Byres lands lie past Riverfarm.”
That’s him too. As if he’s not accompanying me and slowing his return for my sake. I smile.
“I’m lucky to have such companions. That’s the plan, then. Gamel?”
“Sire?”
I take a breath. [Witches]. Ryoka. I turn to Gamel. I can’t leave the Goblins. Yitton and Gralton couldn’t stop the guards from attacking the Goblins, or the other villages, cities, and towns we’ve passed. I can. We’re too far. But I can only hope. So I give my order.
“Send a [Message] back as follows: ‘Let no one strike a deal with Witch Belavierr. But do not try her yet. Collect evidence for a trial which I will preside over. If this Coven is to be trusted, see what they do when no bargains are struck. And give Rehanna every kindness. Do not take the…baby away. Leave her be.’ Tell them to wait. Wait for me.”
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
Gamel hesitates, and then Yitton takes the umbrella. He hurries away, splashing, as the rain falls. And I listen. And I wait. I curse the rain. We’re not moving fast enough.
Something is coming. Something is already there. [Witches]. And I smell smoke before I feel the fire.
 
 
Day 61 – Fierre
 
It was days like today that made Fierre the Vampire hate being…well, her. Just a bit. Hate the fact that she was Fierre the Vampire, not Fierre the [Broker], or Fierre the [Opener]. Sometimes, often, she was proud and knew she was one of the few of her kind. Other times, she wondered if she could have been something else.
