6.42 E
Page 15
She closed her eyes. And in her head, Ryoka said something indistinct. Fierre missed her. And she knew that she wanted her friend to live. Because she was Fierre’s friend. Her first, real, Human friend.
 
—-
 
After a while, Fierre rolled over and got up. She had a few cards left to play. She hadn’t worked this job for nearly four years in Reizmelt and other cities before this for nothing. And now she had something to spend all those little favors and reputation on. She left the inn, hopping out the window into the alleyway since Madain had locked the front door and left.
This was how the underworld worked. At least, in Human cities. Fierre had no idea how Drake cities functioned; apparently the law was a lot more dangerous. But in the north, the local Watch usually understood there was some space for a criminal element. Organized crime was better than no crime, and so if someone crossed a line they were nabbed, but the Watch didn’t try to exterminate most gangs.
But it did depend on the gang. And it was gangs, and the Rogue’s Law that dominated how the underworld worked from city to city. There was a jargon to it. Fierre knew it by heart. She headed into a pub despite the early morning, keeping to the shadows, in order to make contact with Reizmelt’s top gang.
Call them organizations, associations. Loose alliances. But in the end, they were a gang. A group like the Sisters of Chell, who had control over a street, a city, or spanned multiple cities like the Sisters. Some were infamous, others dangerous to cross. Reizmelt’s was local. But dangerous. Still, Fierre regarded this gang as somewhat civilized and intellectual for a gang; they were mostly [Rogues] and [Thieves] as opposed to [Thugs] who’d run protection rackets. This gang just used thievery, eschewing regular conflicts with the law. And they had an actual system in place.
Fierre tapped into it as she went to the [Bartender] in charge of the day-and-night bar, The Blasted Pyromancer. It was a nice bar, and she’d been here often. The [Bartender] saw her coming and Fierre sat down on the fourth-furthest seat and ordered an ale.
And that was it. She’d requested a meeting. How had she done it? Was it the fourth seat, or ordering a light ale? No. It was her giving the [Barman] a look as she sat down. You didn’t need to be stupidly complex. He could read facial expressions. So he smiled and filled a mug from his keg.
“Rough day, Miss Fierre? You’re normally not one for day drinking.”
“Everyone has a bad day, William. And I’m not working as a [Laborer] today. Or helping Miss Kelysta with her alchemy stuff.”
William the [Bartender] raised his brows. Fierre had seen him signaling to the man in the back as he’d filled the keg; they had a false wall. This was the hideout of Reizmelt’s gang. They didn’t really have a name. They were just ‘Reizmelt’s Gang’.
If they started giving themselves names, Fierre would bet they were hoping to expand their territory. And that might mean some serious fighting in back alleys; there were smaller gangs in the city and neighboring cities who might object to a bigger power.
“Well, we’re all entitled to our days off, Miss Fierre. Enjoy the drink. Can I get you something to eat? We’ve got some nice snacking foods. Walnuts, harvested fresh.”
“No thanks.”
Fierre sipped her ale, ignoring it, really. It was hard for her to get drunk. She waited until she saw the man step out of the back and signal her. She followed him into the back as William calmly attended to his bar. Simple, effective.
“What do you want?”
