6.42 E
Page 18
He choked on the words. Changed them.
“The Stitch Witch, maybe she put a curse on…?”
On anyone trying to rat her out? Oh yes. Fierre felt another chill. She’d heard of curses like that. But that was serious magic. But this was a serious [Witch]. Gailt was licking his teeth.
“I’m—this is deep, Fierre. Daufica was telling me about it. You could see the Ratwhisperer’s face. Everyone in Filk is talking about it. Look, I’m not being paid to—”
“I want you to send a [Message].”
“To Daufica? I don’t know if she’ll pick up. She’s really upset—”
“To Ryoka. Tell her what happened. Send a spell to the [Mage] in Riverfarm and ask her for a reply.”
Fierre saw Gailt gulp.
“But that’s where she is. I—I don’t think—”
“Gailt. There’s no curse that would work on you telling her how the [Fence] died. Don’t even mention B—her name. There’s no way you’ll be affected. Magic isn’t that broad.”
Fierre said that, but she watched Gailt send the spell nervously. And he was so uneasy that she eventually had to offer to buy him a drink. They made their way to The Blasted Pyromancer and he proceeded to drink himself nearly into oblivion. But he managed to receive the [Message] that came back.
He wrote it down; ironically, he could write it even when he slurred his words beyond comprehension. Fierre stared at the [Message] as Gailt passed out on the table. She stood up, reading it.
 
Everything’s fine. She’s dangerous, but I think it’s safe for us. I’ll be here a bit longer. Don’t cross her, Fierre. And don’t worry about me. I have to do this. Thanks for the help.
 
–Ryoka
 
Fierre pondered over the message several times in her room. Us. Ryoka thought it was safe after hearing that? Why did she have to do it? What did this [Emperor] want from her? It was maddening, and Fierre was close to biting a hole in her pillow over it. But she eventually passed off into an uneasy sleep because she’d done what she could. Ratwhisperer was dead. And the Stitch Witch’s spell had killed him.
Only one thought woke Fierre, as thoughts did, slamming into her with the weight of sudden realization. She sat up in the middle of the night.
“So who was Ratwhisperer talking to when he died?”
She stared into other darkness, as bright as day for her. And she wondered. But the Vampire girl could only lay back in bed, eyes wide open. She was too far away. She didn’t know what was happening in Riverfarm. And there were things that made even Vampires uneasy. But if that was so, there was another truism.
Everyone had their enemies. And everything could die.
 
 
Day 62 – Talia
 
Her full name and title was Lady-Dame Talia Kallinad, Knight of the Summer. But in practice, she was just Dame Talia, or just Talia among friends. Before she’d left Baleros, she’d been pleasantly surprised to hear her younger brother, the [Strategist] and current pride of the Kallinad house, Wil, call her ‘Tal’, as if they were children.
But that was nearly a week and a half ago, and Talia had been stuck with ‘Dame Talia’, or ‘your Knightship’ by the mocking [Sailors]/[Pirates] on the long trip back to Terandria. She missed her brother already, but she was still aglow with pride. All of her family was; the household was still buzzing with talk of the Titan’s game at Daquin and the events therein.
No one was talking about Liscor’s election, or even Pallass’ upcoming election. Izril was totally off the map in terms of popular discourse among the social circles of Terandria. The talk of the day was still on Chandrar and the war between Tiqr and the alliance of nations that had declared war on the Empress of Beasts.
