6.42 E
Page 24
The [Autumn Knight] had been dancing with the same eagerness as Talia, about to ask her own questions. At Calirn’s words she went pale. She looked at the Knight-Commander, then turned and ran. Talia stared. It was one person! The four Grandmasters weren’t summoned like this except for emergencies! But it was the Stitch Witch. She’d killed more [Knights] of the Order of Seasons than…Calirn was looking at her.
“Knight-Commander? Surely we should put a lance on alert if there is even a chance of this rumor being true? Or any active-duty members near this city of…Filk?”
It occurred to Talia she didn’t know where that was. She tried to study the maps on the war room out of the corner of her eye. Where was it. North? Calirn’s voice was brisk.
“A ship would not catch the Stitch Witch, Dame Talia. No matter how fast the [Captain]. Nor is Filk on Terandria. It is in Izril. Thousands of miles away. More importantly, I will not send an entire lance to their deaths, Summer Knight Talia. Or you.”
Crimson flared in her cheeks at the implication.
“Ser Calirn! You believe a Season of Spring and Summer Knights would fail to dispatch a single [Witch]?”
Knights of the Spring and Summer were rightly regarded as the true might of the Order of Seasons. The Knights of the Spring were most plentiful, being comprised of new [Knights]; those who fought en masse in wars or were simply green as their season.
Some were veterans of course, but theirs was youthful Season, full of energy and drive. And it was a logical step for experienced Knights of the Spring who had gone through a few years of actual combat to become Knights of the Summer. They were the pinnacle of martial might. They brought battle to evil where it was found. The Summer Knights crusaded to other continents, or slew terrible monsters in their lairs.
Knight-Commander Calirn surely knew all this. But was he calling for a small team of [Winter Knights]? He shook his head.
“I would not pit a full lance of my brethren of the winter against her. The Stitch Witch is no foe that can be defeated by sheer numbers. She would consume any number of Knights of the Spring. And the Autumnal Season has pitted their magic against her and lost in times past.”
That drew Talia up. And made her uneasy for the first time so far. The way Calirn talked about Belavierr was too familiar. She was just one of those legends for Talia. But—she suddenly realized there was frost on the walls. It was so cold that even she shivered.
Then the door blew open. The frost melted as a man dressed in gold blasted into the room. The Summer’s Champion, the Grandmaster of Talia’s Season, strode over to Calirn. His hair was as fiery as his temperament. He was the youngest of all four Grandmasters, ironically, and that meant he was in his late forties. He spoke curtly, ignoring Talia, his eyes locked on Calrin.
“Is it true? The Stitch Witch has been sighted?”
“Yes.”
That was all. The Summer’s Champion spoke an oath and the temperature in the room shot up. Calirn stared at him and the Summer’s Champion recalled himself. Both controlled their auras and Talia stepped back.
“Grandmaster—”
“Dame Talia? You’ve returned?”
The Grandmaster of Summer turned to her, surprised. Then he glanced at Calirn.
“Congratulations will have to wait, Dame Talia. We must attend to this. The Stitch-Witch—”
“Are you sure it’s her?”
A woman walked into the room. She was the Spring’s Warden, and somehow she seemed younger than her fifty years of age. She still looked vibrant, a flower despite her age. Calirn looked up.
