6.42 E
Page 29
Fierre ignored him. She was staring down at the message on the parchment. And her heart, which beat slower in her cold body nevertheless skipped a beat.
 
The Stitch Witch has a daughter. Thirty gold to alert the Order of Seasons immediately.
 
“Another [Message].”
Fierre’s head snapped up. This time Gailt’s eyes didn’t unfocus. He grimaced and rubbed at his head.
“It’s from Daufica. Someone just paid her to send a [Message] to you. They want to say that the [Message] you just got is verified by truth spell—Daufica’s saying she can see the confirmation. Stamped and signed and all. And he’s telling you that the Order of Seasons—”
“—is paying money to confirm the Stitch Witch is near Filk. They want her exact location. They’re offering gold too.”
Fierre completed the sentence. She’d heard the exact same thing. But like the other [Informants], she’d decided staying alive was more important than any number of gold coins. But who was sending the [Messages]?
“Gailt, who was—”
“That’s it. Sorry, fellow’s gone.”
What? Fierre snapped at Gailt as he lowered his hand.
“Who were they? Who sent that [Message]? Ask Daufica, now!”
“Fierre! I can’t do that. She’s a [Fixer]. That’s confidentiality—”
Fierre slammed one hand on the table. Gailt jumped.
“What did he look like? Tell Daufica this isn’t negotiable! Whoever it is wants me to take on the same curse that killed the Ratwhisperer! Who was it?”
The [Mage] hesitated, and then put a hand to his brow. Fierre couldn’t hear the invisible argument that lasted for eight minutes, but eventually he lowered his hand, sweating. He looked up at her. Shrugged.
“Hat. Dark clothes. Big smile. That’s it. Human. Pale skin. He was also armed. But he was talking about [Witches].”
“That’s it? She didn’t get anything else?”
Fierre sagged in her chair. The Vampire girl stared at the ceiling, frustrated. Then Gailt spoke slowly.
“She thinks he was a [Witch Hunter].”
Fierre blinked. She sat up. And she looked at Gailt. He stared back at her. That changed a lot. She stared at the [Message] from the Order of Seasons asking for information. At the message from Filk.
How did you keep Ryoka safe? Make sure the [Witch] was dead. Especially one like this. Ryoka said she was fine. Was she? Fierre wanted to ask. But either way…
The Order of Seasons was a [Knight] Order. Terandria. Fierre consulted her notes on them. She had a dossier about most major organizations. They didn’t kill innocent people. And they had a reason to hate Belavierr. She could tell them and earn a very sizeable salary.
But there was a curse. And Fierre didn’t want to cross that. If she asked Ryoka—or would Belavierr know? Would that trigger the curse? Because now Fierre was tempted. Gailt was watching her, very nervously. The Vampire girl stared at the blank parchment she used.
Her fingers drummed restlessly on the table, next to the quill and ink. Gailt nervously edged towards the door.
 
 
Day 65 – Fierre
 
She didn’t write a message to the Order of Seasons. Not when she was asked, and not for two days after. Fierre had a few good reasons why she should: they could chase off or defeat Belavierr. They were a decent Order who didn’t cast mass-destruction spells. They could actually take on a monster like Belavierr. And they paid well. But she had a few other good reasons not to take the offer.
