6.42 E
Page 5
The [Lord] waits. But I don’t give him anything more. He has to have his suspicions. I don’t know if he or anyone would make the logical leap. But he has to suspect. And if I wasn’t sure of him, I’d be worried. But sixty days is a lot of time. It’s enough time for Goblins to master an iPhone enough to make a playlist full of their favorite songs. And shuffle the location of all my damn apps. And it’s enough time for me to get to know two men.
The second approaches after Gralton. And he requests entry to the wagon before climbing up. He smells like rain, and metal. Not much else; Yitton Byres keeps himself clean. And he’s far different from Gralton’s relaxed nature.
“You shouldn’t give it to them, your Majesty.”
“It’s Laken, Yitton. We’ve been in each other’s company for a month.”
I can picture the man sitting with his back straight against the wagon. Gamel’s described him for me; unlike Gralton’s usual stubble, Yitton has a maintained beard. His dark brown hair is turning to grey, and he moves with the weight and gravitas of his class in his mind. As if being a [Lord] is something to be equal to, rather than Gralton, who wears it as he pleases.
“I—apologize, Laken. It’s a first for me to be on close terms with royalty of any kind.”
“Well, among friends, I’d insist on it. Otherwise, an [Emperor] is quite lonely. And unapproachable. That makes a tyrant, I imagine.”
Gralton grunts.
“Is this another lecture about dictators, Emperor Godart? Because if it is, I’d rather listen to the Goblins.”
He makes another sound then and I’m pretty sure Yitton just elbowed him hard in the side. The two are surprisingly chummy for such different men. Enough so that Yitton will actually do that, or so I’m guessing, I’ll have to ask Gamel later. I just smile.
“No lectures, Gralton. I’m just listening. And if you two are so inclined…unless you have anything to talk about?”
“Not I.”
“Nope.”
Well then. I sit back and all three of us—and Gamel—just listen as the Goblins play more songs. It’s funny, but the music from the iPhone probably attracted the two [Lords]. Because as entertainment goes, it’s still the most novel thing in the world for them. And really, there’s nothing else to do. We’ve talked, argued, debated, and taught each other. We’ve been on this road a long time.
It’s been two months. Of delays, escape attempts. Death and guilt and grief. And somehow, still too little being done. I’ve left my empire. And I could have ridden ahead, using Skills and switching horses or hiring a carriage.
But the consequence would have been the deaths of the Goblins here. Because from the moment I demanded their capture as prisoners instead of execution on that battlefield, they’ve been under threat of death. If I left them with the guards—even under Gralton’s command or Yitton’s—I have no doubt there would be an ‘escape attempt’ where all the Goblins died. The same as if I let them go.
They would be hunted, tracked down. So I stay. And I don’t try to force people to be nice to the Goblins. Not anymore. That’s a mistake. I just let them keep their distance. And slowly, time does what even an [Emperor] cannot.
Two months means the people, Lord Gralton and Yitton, Gamel—everyone—is used to the Goblins by now. It means that even if they hate the Goblins, I’ve argued them into acceptance. Unlike the very vocal groups who wanted to execute the Goblins, children and all, on the spot. That’s…progress. That’s the benefit of time.
