6.42 E
Page 0

(Volume 1 on Audible is out! Please consider using an Audible credit to buy it and leave a review! That would really help!)
 
It was a nightmare that woke him. An urgent dream. But it wasn’t one that had pictures. He didn’t ever dream of something he had never had.
And yet, the dream had sound. The laughter of [Witches], high and cackling, born out of imagination, movies. A skittering, of a large spider. A baby’s wail.
Sensation. Cobwebs, giving way to burning heat. Fire, racing around him, crackling. Frightening, elusive. Smell—smoke. But where was it coming from? In his dream, the young man looked around, reaching for it. But the fire was racing, growing, eluding him.
And in the background, he could hear more laughter. Was it a woman’s voice? A man’s? He couldn’t tell anymore. And then the heat was everywhere. Consuming. Burning. Fire.
And then Laken Godart woke up. He sat up with a start and gasped and heard someone jerk. There was a pause as the world became real and solid and Laken heard a voice.
“Your Majesty?”
“Gamel. I’m fine. I was just dozing.”
With an effort, Laken focused. He felt the rumble of movement in the carriage. Heard Gamel shifting. Laken shook his head. It was the same dream. But compounded with the news of yesterday. He turned his head restlessly, searching with his hearing rather than his eyes.
“Stop the carriage, Gamel. I’m going to ride in the supply wagon.”
Gamel paused. He knew what that meant. But he didn’t object.
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
Laken heard Gamel rap on the window leading to the driver’s seat. He murmured to the driver and the carriage obligingly stopped. After a moment, Gamel opened the door.
“Sire…?”
Laken reached out and Gamel helped him descend without tumbling from the seat of the carriage. Fresher air hit Laken. And wet. He grimaced as he realized he’d tuned out the sound of rainfall.
“Still raining? What is this, the eighth day in a row?”
“Yes, your Majesty. I’ll bring the umbrella—”
“No need. The supply wagon has covering. Let’s get there.”
Gamel hesitated. But it wasn’t pouring yet and both knew the skies could open up any moment. Carefully, Laken walked across soggy dirt ground. Hard-packed, but very muddy. He could smell the waterlogged soil in the air. It felt like it was still day. But he could only take Gamel’s word for it. Laken could feel no sunlight on his skin.
“Halt the caravan! Make way!”
Someone was shouting. Laken listened. The entire caravan was halting, wagons behind his carriage stopping so he could move from the carriage to the supply wagon—which had been suspiciously vacant of actual supplies the last three times he’d used it. Part of him could only grimace, but internally. This was what an [Emperor] was. A heavy weight. Ponderous. But capable of change.
Like hand-held umbrellas. It was amazing that aside from a few parasols, no one had really invented a basic umbrella. Then again, magic worked as well as an oiled rain cloak. People didn’t really need an umbrella; it was a pedestrian’s tool. But it had been a nice curio to develop, especially in light of all this rain.
Still, an umbrella didn’t really matter compared to covered wagons, did it? And the awning of what might be oiled cloth or some animal hide protected the next wagon. It was curved, but had an open back.
Laken let Gamel clamber up and then offer him a hand and pull him into the wagon and find a seat for two reasons. Firstly, because he wouldn’t doze off in the wagon as opposed to the carriage. And because the open back faced the back end of the caravan.
