6.42 E
Page 23
That was all Calirn said. Talia couldn’t hold it in anymore. She burst out, looking from Calirn to the [Autumn Knight].
“Knight-Commander! Is it really Belavierr? The Stitch Witch? The enemy of our Order?”
If there were a list of infamous names of enemies of the Order of Seasons, only a few were names and not entire organizations. And of them—Belavierr. People didn’t even tell children’s stories about her in Terandria. They were too terrifying. The [Autumn Knight] nodded, looking excited rather than scared?
“The one who cursed the Griffin Prince? The murderess who destroyed the city of Halen overnight? The—”
“I see you recall her infamy, Dame Talia, Dame Wera. Yes. That is Belavierr.”
The censure in Calirn’s voice made Talia blush. She realized she was passing into rudeness and bowed.
“I apologize, Knight-Commander! I didn’t mean to intrude, but I saw Dame Wera running and you had summoned me upon our return. I come from Daquin, where we struck a victory for our Order!”
She looked up hopefully. Calirn stared at her.
“Daquin?”
She paused. [Knight] Wera and the two [Servants] were giving her wide-eyed looks. They’d probably seen the broadcast, but Calirn just looked blank. Talia coughed lightly.
“The…game at Daquin, Knight-Commander? The one organized by the Titan?”
He paused, and nodded.
“Of course. The game. Congratulations, Dame Talia. I understand the Summer’s Champion is quite pleased. The Fall Sentinel has reservations as to the outcome. As do I. I would speak with you about the expedition, but later. I must attend to this.”
He abruptly turned to one of the [Servants].
“If the [Broker] in Filk is dead, the information must be confirmed. Find me a list of [Informants] across Izril. Prepare a [Message] requesting confirmation of the Stitch Witch. One that can be verified by truth spell.”
The [Servant] nodded and rushed out of the room. Talia was taken aback, but not by much. The brusqueness and attitude were emblematic of Calirn’s order. He was a [Winter Knight], one of the few who stayed for any length in the Order’s headquarters.
Knights of the Winter were solitary, independent. Even if their talents led them to take command of armies, they were by nature alone. For in the cruelest colds, in the desolation of the deepest winters, these few moved alone. Accordingly, they were often the most senior, [Knights] who had passed through all four seasons or abandoned their old season as they aged.
True, some [Knights] were freshly inducted into that branch of the order due to personality or becoming squires or aides to senior members, but it was still the smallest of the four seasons. Some said the most powerful, and perhaps they were, individually. But no [Knight] was beyond any other full member, even the Knight-Commander, so Talia spoke up.
“By your leave Knight-Commander, if it is Belavierr the Stitch Witch, give me leave to assemble a lance immediately! We can prepare a vessel and ride for Kallinad’s harbors at once! The [Captain] that brought us from Baleros is likely still in port. If we [Messaged] them, we could be landing on any part of Izril in—”
“Dame Talia. This is not a matter for junior members of the Order of Seasons.”
Calirn’s voice was cold and flat. Talia paused. Calirn turned to Dame Wera.
“Summon the Grandmasters.”
