6.42 E
Page 6
And I only have to accept that it’s an investment of time that I have to give. A gamble. If Riverfarm falls to dissent or the [Witches] or…anything while I’m gone, it’s not worth the cost. And if I get back with a bunch of Goblins? I’ll have more problems.
But I’ve thought about what to do. I have just one plan. And it might work. Or it might fail. But it’s surely better than doing what the logic of this world says is the only course.
An hour passes. Just like that. I know because I can count it in the songs that are played. And reluctant as I am, I know the battery’s getting low. And I need that phone; it’s useful. Not least because I can store notes on it or use it to record sounds. Because it’s mine. And the Goblins are surprisingly respectful of that fact.
They could have snapped it in two, and I’m pretty sure the [Mage] riding with us couldn’t repair that. They could have deleted my music, or apps, and I wouldn’t get them back. But aside from recording some very unpleasant noises and messing with my configurations—like turning off the voice help so I can’t navigate with it—they haven’t done anything else. This is something.  So I turn and raise my voice.
“Excuse me.”
The iPhone goes quiet instantly. The goblins, who’d make some sounds while listening, go silent. I nod, smiling.
“May I have my phone back?”
A pause. I can hear some distant shuffling. And then—Gralton catches the iPhone in front of my face; I can feel the wind and hear the impact in his palm. I try not to jerk back in alarm, but it’s instinctual. I hear tittering Goblin laughter. But I like to think they wouldn’t throw it like that if they knew Gralton wouldn’t catch it. I don’t test that theory. I just nod.
“Thank you.”
I don’t hear a response. But I have my iPhone back. They had their music, for a moment. They still won’t talk to me.
We have an understanding. And they will never forget what role I played. But I want to believe I’ve shown them I’m trying. To…to do something.
“Lord Gralton, Yitton, will you join me for a walk?”
“Gladly.”
“Yes.”
We leave the covered wagon. The rain’s slowed again. But Gamel hops off and shields me with an umbrella as I walk with the two [Lords]. Gralton swears as he splashes in some mud.
“Rain. This is uncanny. Has someone been fucking with the weather? Because if this is Magnolia pulling rain towards her fields or some idiot—”
“You think it’s unseasonable?”
“I don’t know. And I don’t care. I just want to be out of it.”
“I have to echo Gralton’s sentiments, your M—Laken. So much rain is unusual, although not unheard of. Byres lands don’t get as much, but we’re based in the foothills. What about Radivaek lands, Gralton?”
“I have no idea, Byres. I don’t count how much rain I get. Is it this bad in Riverfarm, Laken? Because if it is, I’ll ride ahead to my lands until the summer.”
I frown, thoughtfully.
“I don’t know. I haven’t asked. There was good rainfall, but Prost hasn’t mentioned that.”
“Ah. Because of the news about the…[Witches].”
“Yes.”
The two go silent. Gralton spits after a second. Which sounds disgusting.
“Witches. I ran one off my lands, once.”
“Really? You never said.”
“I didn’t remember.”
Yitton sighs, loudly. Gralton scratches, grunting.
“I forgot, alright? It’s nothing like what’s happening in Riverfarm, anyways.”
“For my sake, Gralton, what did happen?”
