6.42 E
Page 28
Rumors and gossip. Which was what Fierre was used to. But no one would confirm Belavierr’s presence. Word had spread. And yet—Fierre had that. From Ryoka of all people. It bothered the Vampire girl. She was sitting in her office, trying to figure out why Ryoka was spared.
“She didn’t really confirm it. She sent Charlay to ask for information. But in terms of intent, a curse might not hit her because she wasn’t trying to tell me or the Ratwhisperer. Does that make sense?”
She looked up at Gailt. The [Mage] was sitting in her office, looking hung over and annoyed. They were conducting the day’s business—that of selling the information Fierre received. He paused in sending his latest [Message] and shrugged.
“Sure. I don’t know curses well, but magic’s got limits. It’s about intent and wording—gah! Why’re you so hung up on it? Oh, right—”
He completed the sentence at the same time as Fierre.
“Because Ryoka’s there. Dead gods, it’s not like she’s the only City Runner. She must be some friend. You don’t hang out with your other clients. Or anyone else.”
“Well, Ryoka’s different.”
“Huh. I’ll say. She looks Drathian. But she said she’s fine. So?”
“So, she has a habit of putting herself into danger. Do you know she did a delivery to the High Passes?”
“What, the High Passes? She is crazy. But what can you do, Miss Fierre? Bribe the [Witches] not to turn her into stew?”
Fierre didn’t answer that. She was afraid that a Vampire wouldn’t be much use against a seriously high-level [Witch]. But she could do something, even if it was only dragging Ryoka back with her. Gailt shrugged as he scratched at his side.
“Shame you don’t have that magic door in Liscor, right? The one that got everyone all stirred up? I heard the Brotherhood and the Sisters both wanted to know how the heist failed. I pity the idiots who got on both their bad sides.”
Fierre rolled her eyes, impatiently.
“There are ways of travelling a long distance besides that door, Gailt. Fissival can teleport. They do it all the time. So can Wistram. There are dozens of cities capable of it! And other ways besides.”
“So why’s the door so good?”
“It’s because the door’s cheap. And it doesn’t require a spell circle or [Mages] to operate. Any gang would love to get their hands on it because it’s cheaper than what exists. Not because it’s unique. Now, shut up. I want you to send the contents of this message to Yale in Invrisil.”
She slid a bit of parchment she’d been writing on over the desk. Gailt read the message.
“There’s going to be a raid on the [Merchant] caravan taking a bunch of clothes south past Invrisil? Ooh, I’d better go buy all the fancy silk up before the price skyrockets.”
“Gailt. I’m not in the mood.”
Fierre crossed her arms. The [Mage] sighed, but sent the [Message]. He was yawning as Fierre scribbled another [Message] and she could see him about to ask for a drinks break he wouldn’t get. Then he sat bolt upright.
“Message from Filk! It’s loud and confidential! Mage’s Guild!”
Fierre looked up in alarm. Someone was going through official channels? And paying a lot? She waited. Gailt looked around, opened his mouth, and then his lips compressed. He reached out and grabbed her quill and a bit of parchment and began to write. Fierre could see his eyes staring blankly ahead as his quill danced; even he wasn’t actively reading the message, just relaying it. He mechanically folded the parchment, then handed it to her. Only then did his eyes clear.
“Dead gods damnit, I hate doing that! That’s why I quit working at the Mage’s Guild! What does it say?”
