6.42 E
Page 7
“Nothing. Some villagers started complaining to me and they wouldn’t shut up. Said a [Witch] was cursing their farms. Doing black magic. I sent some people over and they said she probably hexed a farm. There was some business about debts the village owed her. I didn’t care. I told my people to make the villagers and [Witch] swear under truth spell what had happened was what happened. Turns out it was all true. They paid her to take care of some nasty illness, and they didn’t want to pay the entire thing. So she hexed their fields and half their crop died and they had an infestation of bugs.”
“And what did you do to restore order?”
The [Dog Lord]’s pause was telling.
“We ran off the [Witch].”
“You didn’t force the village to pay her what they owed?”
I imagine Gralton shrugged during the next pause.
“She hexed them. So I decided she could get lost.”
“And?”
“She cursed the village. Either that, or they lost too much from the fields. Place was deserted in two years.”
Silence. Lord Yitton makes a sound, and I just think. Curses. Broken promises. And [Messages] from Riverfarm. Increasingly worrying messages. I was so relieved to hear Durene woke up. But after that?
The rain pours down, unceasing. And I have to wonder if these [Witches] are like the ones in the stories from my home. Again, I don’t know, but I have to trust that Ryoka won’t make any deals with them. But with that said, I won’t treat them like monsters. Like Goblins.
“Emperor Laken. You had a [Message] from Riverfarm last night. An urgent one. May I ask what it was about?”
Yitton breaks in quietly. Very politely too, because it’s his and Gralton’s—okay, mostly Gralton’s—money that’s paying for these [Messages], the escort, food, and so much else. I nod.
“I did. And I’ve been pondering my response. It’s still…early morning?”
“That’s right. As far as I can tell. What happened?”
I tell them.
A simple story. Rehanna, a woman twice bereaved. A changeling made of cloth. A bargain struck. Of course, they know about the Coven. But this? Gralton makes a noise. Yitton’s just deathly silent.
“Your thoughts, gentlemen?”
“Get rid of the [Witch].”
“You tried that, Gralton. And look what it brought you. Your Majesty, I have to counsel intervention, but of another kind. That…[Witch] is clearly a powerful one. At least Level 40 if she can create something like that. I have to imagine even higher. I would request aid.”
“From Magnolia Reinhart or Tyrion Veltras.”
I frown. It’s the same advice both gave me when the coven appeared. But both ideas sound like bad ones, especially from what I know. Then again, accepting any deal…the [Witches] are waiting for me. And they’ve claimed one victim. But she made the choice.
Rehanna. Yitton is silent, waiting. Gralton clearly nervous. I shake my head.
“I’ve thought about both suggestions. But I’d rather be there and appraise these [Witches] myself, Gralton, Yitton. If you’ll stick with me, we could at least counter a coven.”
Or so I hope. Both men agree. We’re allies. Of convenience, yes; our lands are close enough that’s it’s practical. But fate’s made us friends. I only hope I’m not leading them into trouble. But I am grateful for their company. I pause as I stare north and west. I know that’s where Riverfarm is. I can sense it. And something else.
“I won’t deny, it bothers me. I wish I was there. I don’t feel like Riverfarm is safe. It feels…hot. Like something hot is coming. On the wind.”
“I could do with some sun. But you’re talking about your lands, aren’t you?”
