6.42 E
Page 2
Having Riverfarm standing would be good too. But I have a choice and I’m making it. We’re close to home. If it weren’t for these rains, we’d be closer. As it stands, I could lose them if I rode ahead. So here I sit.
Silence. They definitely know I’m here. It’s actually quite surreal. Because if I asked Gamel, he could tell me. Hundreds of Goblins. Crimson eyes, staring at me. I don’t understand what ‘crimson’ is, or really get the fact that their eyes glow in the dark. But it makes Gamel wary.
As for me—I listen. I can hear the animals pulling the wagons making sound. Hear conversation from the drivers, but not much. They don’t like having to drive the wagons with the Goblins. There’s a rotation system so they can drive the other wagons or the carriage, and apparently they’ve even taken to gambling for who has to drive the Goblin wagons every day.
Good, I guess. It means they’re resigned to it. And if the drivers do spit at the Goblins or hurl insults, they’re not doing it now. Because I’m there. And I’m…listening.
“Gamel.”
He jumps; he thinks I didn’t notice that he’d pretended to leave. I sigh. I’m blind. Not deaf. If he’d left, I’d hear him splashing. He wavers.
“Your Majesty?”
“Take my phone.”
So saying, I reach into my pocket and pull it out. I hear a breath, almost awed. Gamel accepts it. I nod to the wagon.
“There’s a bunch of Goblins riding in that wagon, right behind us, isn’t there?”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
“Toss the phone. Try not to hit the driver.”
I hear a pause and an unvoiced objection. But again, we’ve done this dance before. How many days is it? I count.
Around fifty four days since we really began moving. Forty since the Goblins were treated like animals and not like prisoners. Thirty seven since I could sit anywhere near them without being in danger of being hit by something. Twenty one since the wagon drivers learned the lesson about tormenting them. Eight since the rains began, slowing our progress to a halt. It’s so bad it reminds me of Liscor. I thought spring was ending.
Oh, and eighteen days since I gave Gamel the order the first time to throw the phone. After eighteen days, he doesn’t even try arguing. He just sighs.
“Yes, your Majesty.”
“Thank you. Hey.”
I turn. I can hear silence, but I know they’re there. I nod towards where I think Gamel is and speak to the Goblins.
“Catch.”
Gamel throws the phone. I don’t know what he aims at. But I never hear it hit the ground. It doesn’t bounce off a wagon driver’s head—I’d hear the swearing. And it doesn’t hit the bars. I hear Gamel settle back, watching.
Well? But I don’t ask. If they think Gamel’s telling me what they’re doing, the Goblins will just stop doing it. In their way, they’re tenacious; they can sit in silence, motionless, for hours, until I give up. Even the children. So I don’t ask. I wait. And I hear them shuffling around. Then I can’t help it. I turn my head.
“Gamel, a blanket. And tell me what they’re doing.”
“A Hob has it, your Majesty. One of the…Redfangs.”
“Ah.”
I can picture him, in my head. There’s only two Hobs in the caravan from the Redfang tribe, who are apparently famed for their skill in battle. It was a Redfang Goblin that killed the Goblin Lord. Garen Redfang, their Chieftain. And another slew a high-ranking [Knight], Sir Vumat. And of those Hobs, only one is male.
I’ve asked Gamel to describe him. So I imagine the Hob, young—they all look rather young. But older than the rest, in his late twenties perhaps appearance-wise. Squatting, or sitting, his loincloth and belt worn. Bare-chested, covered in the faded war paint they wear.
