6.42 E
Page 17
She left the room, and then the bar, and then had to go back and return the mug to William. He gave her a concerned look, but Fierre was too preoccupied to notice. She spent the rest of the day in her office, listlessly opening two letters and exchanging a secret about a [Clerk] in Reizmelt planning on leaving the city with her employer’s gold to have a romantic getaway with her significant other.
She really shouldn’t have put that in writing—or at least, paid a City Runner for an urgent delivery. They tended to want to know why most of the time. Fierre sold that tidbit to the employer in question via the Merchant’s Guild, who was only too happy to protect their people and offer Fierre a nice little bounty.
But she was really waiting. Waiting for a response from Daufica. Impatiently—but Fierre knew better than to prod the woman. Still, Fierre was counting the hours. How long until the Ratwhisperer would conclude negotiations with Wistram or whoever he was trying to sell the information to? She could just imagine him trying to get the best deal; even if he was rushing, it would take him a while. It would for her.
But maybe he would leap at the first offer? She should have asked Daufica to check if he’d sold anything, or contacted the Ratwhisperer’s [Mage]. But that would tip them off that there was something valuable he possessed—
It was night and Fierre stomped back to the Huntress’ Haven without hearing from Gailt. Mad Madain and Alber took one look at Fierre’s face and didn’t say anything as she ate a bloody steak. She didn’t linger on it, and went up to her bed. And lay there, restlessly, for two hours until she heard someone throw a rock at her shutters.
“Fierre. Psst. Fierre.”
Gailt took a step back as Fierre threw open the windows and then jumped down onto the street. He stared wide-eyed at her, but Fierre was too caught up to come up with an excuse. Ryoka could do it, why not her?
“What? Did Daufica do it? What took her so long?”
The [Mage] scrubbed at his hair unsteadily. He was still drunk. But his voice was uncharacteristically serious.
“She didn’t do it, Fierre. I mean…the Ratwhisperer’s uh, dead.”
“What? How? Did they go too far?”
Fierre’s stomach lurched. Had Daufica’s people killed the [Fence]? She hadn’t wanted to do that. She’d been prepared to, but—no, maybe this was a good thing. The cold part of her, the part she thought of as really Vampire, told her that it was for the best. Yes, if he was dead, he couldn’t tell. But she stopped as she saw Gailt shake his head.
“It wasn’t her people. They never got a chance. The Watch was already there and two of Daufica’s [Thugs] were caught. She’s not charging you. But you’re not getting your gold back—”
“I don’t care about that!”
Fierre did, but it was a lesser concern. She hissed at Gailt, looking down the alleyway.
“Who killed him, then?”
The [Mage] gulped.
“They think it was magic. A curse.”
The Vampire girl paused. Only now did she see Gailt fully in the moonlight. He was pale. Sweating. He smelled afraid, even through the alcohol. He went on, stumbling over the words.
“His tongue was sewn to the roof of his mouth. Blocked his throat. His nose was also sewn shut. He choked to death.”
Fierre felt a cold chill run through her body. And Vampires were already cold. She hesitated, her tongue touching her canines uneasily.
“Did they—did the Watch—maybe it was someone else?”
Gailt shook his head.
“He was in a locked room. And the [Mage] they brought in said there was serious magic. Serious. Fierre, that’s a curse. I’d know it anywhere. The kind the big gangs use. If it was Bela—”
