6.42 E
Page 16
The [Rogue] sitting in the back of the bar might have been the contact on duty, who was something like Fierre for his gang. Or he might have been the leader himself; Fierre hadn’t inquired into the gang’s inner workings. Knowing too much about them might make them paranoid of her if they found out. She sat down with her drink at the table in the back. She eyed the man’s closed book and bowl of cracked walnuts. Then she looked at him.
“I just called for a group to deal with a [Broker] in Filk. They’re going to get him and burn his office down. If he escalates, I’d like my place to be safe. Because I’ll escalate right back.”
The [Rogue] blinked. He looked at Fierre and then sat back. His fingers absently began to twiddle and he stopped himself. Fierre could even sense his heartbeat this close; it was elevated, but only a bit. He was more curious than anything, but his face didn’t show it.
“Fierre, right? We know your reputation. What’s the big quarrel between you and someone in Filk?”
“He has a secret. And I have a secret. He’s not cooperating. That’s all you need to know.”
He let that go.
“So he gets a lesson. Say it doesn’t work—he has protection.”
Fierre snorted. The Ratwhisperer couldn’t afford that. She doubted he even had an iron door. The [Rogue] nodded.
“Say he does, though, or gets lucky. The Watch shows up and he doesn’t get the hint. What’s your aim?”
“I’ll settle it. First time’s a warning. Second time he’s gone.”
This time the man blinked. He looked Fierre up and down.
“How much trouble are we expecting?”
“He’d make an offer. I doubt he can afford more than ten gold either way. Twenty if he’s desperate?”
The [Rogue] thought about this.
“We can handle that. No one’ll come knocking. But you owe us a tenth of what the bounty was.”
“Good. Thank you.”
Negotiations were done. Fierre stood up. If anyone accepted the bounty, the gold would be poorly spent. Reizmelt’s gang would make it clear those hired had to forfeit the gold—or they could settle things. Either way, Fierre was protected.
There were harsh, binding oaths that might obligate someone to fulfill their promise at the cost of their lives—blood promises, or vows made by the Rogue’s Law. But the Ratwhisperer wouldn’t be able to get anyone to make that kind of agreement. Fierre would lean on him until he gave in. Or she’d stop him cold.
It was what she could do for Ryoka. As for Belavierr—Fierre hesitated. She looked at the [Rogue], sitting there. He glanced up at her.
“Anything else?”
What would the price be to take out Belavierr, the Stitch Witch? Fierre didn’t ask because the price would be more than she could afford if she sold every bit of information she owned. Yes, the criminals of the north had specialized groups. From the Assassin’s Guild to gangs or individuals who could take out people for a price.
But if Fierre had to come up with a list of gangs who’d take that kind of request, it was a short, short list. And none of them, from the Gentlemen Callers who were part of the Brotherhood of Serendipitous Meetings, to the might of the Blackrock Collective in First Landing, or the Vanishers were based around Filk. She couldn’t help Ryoka that way.
Unless someone who was hunting her went after the [Witch]. But if it was Roshal, or Wistram—no. And who else could do that? Fierre shook her head, realizing the [Rogue] was waiting.
“Nothing. Thanks.”
