6.42 E
Page 32
The door was torn open. Everything was silent inside. The crowd halted, afraid to look closer. The [Guards] hesitated, and then shouted for people to keep back. Inside, the room was silent.
Shredded. The parchment on the desk, the desk—even the magically protected drawers were destroyed. The needles had ripped everything to incomprehensible shreds. The room was still. Save for a body lying on the floor, the needles lying still.
And then the body sat up. What looked like a very young woman sat up. Her clothes were tattered. Needles covered her. But the holes were already closing.
Her pupils were red, her eyes bloodshot. Her fingers clawed, teeth biting. Fierre spat a needle and yanked three out of her throat. She stared at them, then began pulling out more sewing needles. They fell to the ground.
Some were wood. Others iron. Or steel. But there was no silver. There was a very angry Vampire. She stomped out of her ruined office, through the back door, ignoring the gathering crowd, pulling her hood to cover her features. She found Gailt in his usual watering hole. He took one look at the blood and her shredded clothes and dropped his drink.
“Fierre! What—”
She thrust a bit of parchment into his face.
“Send this to the Order of Seasons. And collect the bounty.”
Fierre’s voice rasped. Gailt read the [Message] and went pale. He began shaking his head and Fierre grabbed him.
“Send. It.”
“No! Not on your life! I’ll die!”
“I just tripped the curse. Send it now, or I’ll take this needle and show you what happened to me.”
The grip that held the [Mage] was terrifyingly strong. And there was a resonance to Fierre’s voice that terrified the man. He stared at her and thought of the curse. Then he realized he couldn’t breathe. He choked. Fierre held him and stared at his face. The [Mage] looked at the parchment, at her face. He tried to breathe. And then slowly, jerked. Nodded.
She let go of him. Gailt collapsed onto the table. Shakily, he put his finger towards his temple, cringing, eyes darting. Fierre stood over him, swaying. Both looked around. Waiting.
Nothing happened. No needles flew. The curse was burnt. Gailt collapsed on the table, trembling, as the force of the reply from Terandria rocked him back in his seat. He began muttering.
“Yes! Confirm! Yes! We’ll do a truth—yes!”
He shuddered and his eyes crossed. Then he blinked. He looked up. Fierre stared at him, teeth bared. He nodded.
“It’s done.”
“It is?”
The girl stared at him. Gailt nodded, trembling. Fierre blinked. Then she sighed and let go of Gailt. He stared at her. He opened his mouth to scream at her. Then he saw Fierre reach up. She pulled at a needle on the side of her head, where it had been buried up to the point. She drew it out as he turned white and passed out. Then her eyes rolled up and she collapsed on the ground.
And across the world. Knight-Commander Calirn shouted a word like an avalanche. And a [Knight] and a group of [Hunters] looked up.
 
 
Day 65 – Laken
 
We’re riding together, talking. The horse is moving under me, and I’m resting my hands on the saddle horn. Trying not to look like I’m clinging to the saddle.
I hate riding. I can’t control a horse, and I’m fairly certain they know I’m blind. To be frank, a blind man leading a horse is enshrined in the hall of bad ideas. But I put up with it because the horse I’m riding is content to follow Gralton and Yitton. And they’re good riders. And because we’re chatting.
About Riverfarm of course. But their lands as well. Since Belavierr’s incident with Rehanna, I’ve gotten daily updates and never mind the cost.
