6.42 E
Page 27
“Yes, Dame Talia Kallinad. It can be done. Our Order has slain Dragons and brought low beasts of every ilk. We have ended worse monsters than Belavierr the Stitch Witch. But we are not all-powerful, or even foremost. We are one of many, which is why we temper our strength of arms with humility. Forge alliances with other Knight-Orders and noble houses and kingdoms. It is why we would dedicate multiple lances of [Knights] to a competition in Baleros.”
Talia saw the Spring’s Warden smile, and heard the Summer’s Champion laugh. Calirn was calmer. Cooler, like frost. But not without passion. The [Servant] came rushing into the room, followed hot on his heels by two more, all calling out [Messages] from Ser Raim, the Hunter’s Guild, queries, replies—Ser Calirn ignored them as the other two Grandmasters snapped replies. He looked at Talia, speaking as one [Knight] to another.
“We are not all-powerful. So you rightly ask if one [Knight] can defeat her alone when many would fail. I say yes. Because it is this [Knight]. And his will would burn even a monster of aeons. He has the strength.”
And Talia could only bow her head in reply. Her earlier excitement was gone, put out by the [Winter Knight]. But she felt a colder resolve, the kind that came from his Season. And for once, she thought it might be right to become a [Winter Knight] in time. She had thought she would burn forever, but there was an ageless certainty to Calirn’s face. A cold eternity of resolve.
Talia retreated as the Grandmasters and Knight-Commander turned to preparing for a battle that might not come. An if. A chance to slay a nightmare, a dark legend.
“Dame Talia.”
She turned at the doors. Knight-Commander Calirn regarded her gravely. He raised a finger and pointed to a map of the Order’s stronghold and the nearby area, tracing a long journey to the north and east.
“If you wish it, ride out to meet Ser Raim. And if you can still claim he would falter in front of the Stitch Witch or any foe that treads this earth, I will grant you leave to assemble a lance of your finest brethren and accompany him if the reports are confirmed. Otherwise, you will wait in reserve. For make no mistake; if she is there, we will strike. And if I must call upon the grand ritual ten times, I will see her brought down.”
The words chilled Talia and sent her running for the stables. She was on the road as the Order of Seasons stirred to life, as news passed across the keep. Talia rode out, journeying as fast as her mount could take her. She rode for hours at full speed, refreshing her horse. And still, she made little distance compared to the party that raced towards the Order of Seasons. They covered ground like lightning. Because they were on the hunt. She saw them riding towards her and saw him, among the [Hunters].
And then she met Ser Raim. And she understood why he had been chosen. Because he alone could burn like the sun.
 
 
Day 63 – Fierre
 
She didn’t hear from Ryoka. But something was happening. Of that, Fierre was certain. She’d reached out to an [Informant] in Filk, and then one in the smaller town of Mafalt that had one [Mage] capable of slinging a [Message] spell. Both reported the same thing.
[Bandits]. Wagons going out, giving away free food? Flocks of crows. Not enough rainfall. Rumors of [Witches]. No—a confirmed Coven. A missing [Emperor].
