6.42 E
Page 26
Calirn interrupted the two. He looked pointedly at the Spring’s Warden. She nodded after a moment. Talia was spellbound. But she couldn’t help it. She burst out and all three [Knights] turned to her.
“Ser Calirn, do you believe Ser Raim is up to the task if it is the Stitch Witch herself?”
She knew he was of her Season, but like many [Knights], she had never met him personally. And Calirn had refused to send a lance! The Summer’s Champion made an incredulous sound.
“Dame Talia, you’ve not met Ser Raim, have you?”
“I have not, Grandmaster.”
Talia bit her tongue. The Summer’s Champion looked at Calirn and the Knight-Commander answered for him.
“Ser Raim has exceeded Level 40, and is thus one of the finest members of the order. You, Lady Talia, are over ten levels below him. There is no comparison. Moreover, he has the Skill to put an end to the Stitch Witch himself. And the will.”
Level 40? That put Ser Raim as one of the finest [Knights] the order could field. But not the best. And a lance was still better! But Talia had embarrassed herself enough. The Spring’s Warden was nodding. There was no malice as she explained to Talia, as if the [Knight] were still in the Season of Spring.
“Dame Talia, the Stitch Witch is a foe our Order has faced before. Sporadically, yes, over the decades.”
“Centuries.”
She nodded.
“Even so. We have experience in dealing with her, and we know a few of her weaknesses, and how she preys on others. One aspect we are certain of is that her command of fabric and thread is unmatched. If we sent a full lance against her, even were they all veterans over Level 30, she could choke many to death purely with the threads in their garb. She is unassailable by low-level [Knights]. The team hunting her, which includes Ser Raim as our representative, have all taken precautions against her.”
“The Hunter’s Guild seeks her as well. Their classes are specialized. In truth, our Order keeps only one member on her trail; she is elusive to the point that it bleeds resources attempting to find her.”
The Summer’s Champion explained. Talia nodded.
“Then what drives Ser Raim to follow the Stitch Witch?”
Both Grandmasters quieted. The Summer’s Champion folded his arms. And the Spring’s Warden replied.
“She slew his fiancé, Knight of the Autumn, Dame Fale. Years ago. Almost a decade, in fact.”
It was all that needed to be said. Calirn turned. He had been plotting the distance from the Order’s headquarters to Filk on a map.
“So. She is no foe to be underestimated. And the distance is vast. The information uncertain. Perhaps this is one of her many games or illusions. But if it is not—the Stitch Witch has blighted Terandria. Aside from the Necromancer, she is one of the few ancient foes of our era. It is a debt older than you or I that our Order owes her. I would see it settled.”
All the [Knights] nodded at that. And it was Talia who felt a stirring of apprehension. To say it like that put Belavierr on the same level as Az’kerash, the monster who had died during the Second Antinium War. And he had killed just as many of the Order’s [Knights]. The Season of Summer had lost nearly two hundred [Knights] to him. And they would send one if Belavierr was really there? She looked at Knight-Commander Calirn.
“Can it be done, then? If it’s her—”
His face was grave. Bitter. Focused. But then Calirn looked up. He saw Talia’s face. And suddenly—he smiled. Talia stopped, and Calirn straightened. The Knight-Commander nodded, once.
