6.42 E
Page 1
“Your Majesty? Shall I fetch you a blanket? Something to drink?”
“No, Gamel. I’ll just sit here. Take your ease, by all means. I will call if I need you.”
Laken was aware there was a blanket waiting for him in the corner of the wagon. And Gamel hesitated only for a moment before hopping out of the wagon. Probably to snack, or talk with his fiancé, Tessia. Or just walk near the wagon.
It was fine. Laken sat, hearing the call go forwards.
“Move the wagons! Watch the road! Potholes ahead!”
Potholes and mud. But Laken said not a word. He shifted on the hard wood, feeling the back of the wagon, slightly damp from where water had inevitably leaked in. And he held still. They wouldn’t notice him at first.
He sat there a while. Listening. And from behind the wagon, at the end of the caravan, heard a foreign language, the sound of movement. Murmurs, laughter. Conversation. Arguments. Crying.
None of it sounded like monsters. As the wagon rolled on, bumping, uncomfortably navigating the muddy roads west and north, back to Riverfarm, Laken knew the other wagons were being pulled. And here at least was a convention of this world, although the wagons had had to be built. But the iron bars, the cage-like wagons—those were a [Slaver]’s legacy. And then, it was darkly appropriate to the people they held.
But how else would you keep them from escaping or trying to attack the guards that rode in number with them again? And just as crucially—protect them? It was still an injustice, but a necessary one. Something Laken couldn’t apologize for.
There weren’t enough words in any language to apologize. And Laken had tried. Until he’d realized how worthless words were. So he listened. And soon, they knew he was there. And then…the noise stopped.
 
 
Day 60 – Laken
 
I know they’re there. But they’re so silent I could be alone but for the sound of the wagons, the horses. Because they know I can’t see. So they make no sound. Not a clue to give me a sign they’re alive.
They can probably see me. I’ve had Gamel describe what it’s like in this strange caravan more than once. The wagons don’t ride in a single line; that’s stupid and the road’s large enough to carry them three or even four abreast. At least, if there’s no traffic flowing the other way.
We’re travelling down a regular highway. Made of dirt, true, but it beats trying to travel cross-country. Roads are very necessary for wheels not to break on rocks, or struggle going down sharp inclines or getting trapped in divots in the ground, etc. You learn something new every day.
So the prisoner’s carts, the wagons filled with Goblins are rolling just behind my wagon. No—to the left and right occasionally. Following the riders in front, and my carriage. The Goblins are at the back of the caravan, which is obviously not where you want to put anything valuable.
It’s the first spot to be abandoned or attacked. Which is why the Goblins are there. I didn’t choose it; the [Caravan Master] refused to have the Goblins’ carts in the lead. Which is also a dangerous spot, but there’s the symbology of having Goblins in the back. They can’t ‘lead’ or be seen to be ahead of good Humans. Plus, they throw their poop and stones at the riders.
And that’s fine. If there’s anything I’ve learned after, god, what is it, two months now? It’s that I can’t win every battle. I shouldn’t even try. What’s valuable is winning the battles that need to be won. And getting around three hundred Goblins back to Riverfarm alive is a trial in itself.
