6.42 E
Page 21
“Sir Kelm, had it not been for you volunteering your Season’s [Knights], we surely wouldn’t have been able to push the Iron Vanguard and allow Wil to claim his victory. If there was any fault, it was only that we underestimated Tulm the Mithril himself.”
She was relieved when the [Autumn Knight] laughed and shook his head. He was graying, but his class and levels made him spry as he walked with her further into the keep.
“It’s kindly said, Talia. But I won’t make excuses. I thought the daring of our arrival would be enough, but I should have asked for more of your Season rather than trusted to the Autumn Knights. It is a lesson we will take to heart. And hopefully watching our Season being unhorsed again and again by Dullahans will convince my Season to spend as much time in the practice courts or on the grounds as in the libraries.”
Talia nodded, smiling slightly. There was no real enmity between the four Seasons, but each one had their strengths and weaknesses. They were strongest united, but it was true that a force of [Autumn Knights] had been a mistake. Knights of the Summer or Spring would have been ideal, with a few Knights of the Winter mixed in, even.
“Once again though, Sir Kelm, House Kallinad owes the Order and your Season a debt. We’ll surely repay it.”
Sir Kelm waved that away as he stopped at an intersection. The Season of Autumn’s grounds lay beyond, and Talia saw tinted glass, costly, but beautiful, creating shadows and a quieter, fall ambiance in the corridor beyond. Sir Kelm smiled as he turned to her.
“Our alliance is an old one. Just ask a proper question of the Titan. And tell us what the answer was!”
“If possible, Sir Kelm.”
Talia bowed, wondering if she could. Wil had been told to ask something for House Kallinad. Talia had argued that the Order deserved part of the question’s benefit, but she’d been overruled by her father. Sir Kelm smiled, and departed. That left Talia to find the Knight-Commander of the Order of Seasons.
You could write a book about the Order of Seasons. In fact, there were several in the libraries that the [Autumn Knights] liked to frequent. But in general, the Order of Seasons was comprised thusly: four Seasons operated from their headquarters in Terandria, east and south on the continent, near Kallinad lands, who occupied a small southeastern coastal area famed for its wealth in shipping.
Between the vast forests that were owned by the order, which stretched to the untamed cavernous hills that sometimes produced Goblins or other monsters, and the rockier terrain that led to the coastal cliffs which provided parts of Terandria with natural defenses, the Order of Seasons had built its home, in the heart of the forest, where once a half-Elven empire had risen, countless ages ago. And noble houses and even sometimes royalty sent aspiring [Knights] or children to become members of the Order of Seasons, along with the gifted applicants from across the continent.
There were at least two thousand Seasonal [Knights] in the headquarters at any given time, and far more were abroad, fighting in armies, crusading, or fulfilling functions across Terandria and the world. It was a famous order, and each Season wielded considerable power. And each had their own Grandmaster. Talia answered to hers, the Summer’s Champion, but she could also be commanded by senior members of other Seasons at need. And in the stronghold of the Order, another figure could command even the Grandmasters, as a first among equals.
