6.42 E
Page 4
Music. And the song lasts for just over five minutes. And it makes the time go faster, it really does. The rain begins to pour again, and the people grumble. The wagons roll on and the animals are unhappy. But the Goblins listen. And the next song is quite unlike the first. The Hobgoblin starts six different songs before a short argument in Goblin occurs. I hear a smack, a whining sound. And then a second song.
“Oh. I know this one.”
The beat to this song makes Gamel stir. And I can just imagine other riders ahead pulling back. Because you couldn’t copy this kind of music. At least, I haven’t seen anyone playing the bass. And the song’s in English. It makes me smile a bit.
Seven Nation Army by White Stripes. It’s not my music. But when my parents helped me set up the iPhone, my father got a hold of it. And he inflicted his music on me by putting his favorite songs on the iPhone. Make no mistake; I’m grateful for the variety now. But—I pause.
“Odd. I haven’t thought of my father in…”
A wailing guitar solo interrupts me. I hear an animal protest, and then the Goblins. They’re stomping or striking the bars or floor of the wagon to the beat. I smile, turning my head so they don’t see.
That’s when I hear footsteps. I hear him jump into the wagon a second before he lands; he surprises the hell out of me. Gamel sees him and announces his name, as if I couldn’t tell from his scent.
“Lord Gralton.”
“Laken.”
The [Dog Lord] throws himself into a seat opposite me. he smells like his wet hounds and a lot of rain and mud. Gamel politely moves back to give us room. I nod at Gralton.
“Did you get anything on your hunt?”
He laughs. He sounds as rough as he apparently looks. But I’m not fooled; he’s intelligent. He just likes dogs.
“We got a doe. Regular, not Corus. I saved you a cut. We’ll eat it tonight.”
I incline my head.
“Well done.”
He grunts dismissively.
“Not much challenge in a dozen warhounds bringing down a deer. A herd now—or a bear, that’s different. I’ll treat you to bear once we get to this Riverfarm of yours.”
“Not my bear.”
“Hah! You have to show me that one. A Mossbear for a pet? And they call me a savage. You gave the Goblins your phone-thing again, didn’t you?”
He sounds…not disapproving. That would be Yitton. But there’s an edge and I sense him shifting. To look at the Goblins? I pause. Interesting.
“Something bothering you? You don’t like the song?”
That would be odd. Gralton’s into music like this, or even harder. Gralton growls softly, like a dog.
“I like the music. Not as much as the other ones you’ve shown me. But this one makes me uneasy because those Goblins like it. What’s it called?”
“Seven Nation Army. Why?”
I hear Gralton pause. The wood creaks as he leans on it, perhaps grasping it with his huge hands.
“They seem to have adopted it as one of their favorite songs. Probably because of the words.”
“The lyrics? What about them?”
“I don’t know if they count. But in the last battle, Velan the Kind was brought down by about seven separate armies.”
“Oh.”
The song’s on replay. The Goblins echo the beat. And it gives the music a new meaning.
The Goblin King. Velan the Kind. This Goblin Lord. Thousands of years—tens of thousands even—of Goblins being monsters. Goblin Lords and Kings causing destruction while Goblin Chieftains lead tribes, surviving despite being labeled a threat by practically every nation in the world. Gralton’s words only remind me how much of an outsider I am.
“Well, it wasn’t written about Velan.”
Gralton snorts.
“Someone else beat a seven-nation army?”
“Oh, something like that.”
 
