6.42 E
Page 25
“The other two are hurrying here, but they will be at least ten minutes each. The Winter’s Watcher is three miles distant.”
The Knight-Commander nodded.
“I see. Then we begin. Dame Talia—remain if you wish. But remain silent.”
He didn’t send her away, which surprised only Talia. The two Grandmasters stepped forwards. They embodied their titles, as some of the highest-level [Knights] of their classes. They listened as Calirn spoke.
“This is what we know. A [Broker] contacted the Order of Seasons, claiming to have credible knowledge of where the Stitch Witch was present. He swore under truth spell he could identify her location beyond reasonable doubt; he had sent someone to verify her description.”
The Summer’s Champion crossed his arms skeptically.
“And he was sure?”
“Beyond reasonable doubt. He could still try to cheat the truth spell.”
The Spring’s Warden frowned. Calirn waved their objections aside.
“The agent the [Broker] sent was sure. And if it was her—it would not be hard to tell.”
The two Grandmasters paused, and then nodded. Talia looked from face to face. The Spring’s Warden was distant, troubled, but the Summer’s Champion burned. And Knight-Commander Calirn’s face—they had met her. Talia remembered another tale of Belavierr. But they were tales. This was a frightening reality.
The Summer’s Champion turned, restlessly regarding the maps on the walls.
“Where is Ser Raim? He and the Hunter’s Guild have been searching for her for three years. How is she in Izril? What boat did she take?”
“She wouldn’t need boats.”
The Spring’s Warden nodded.
“An entire continent away. And yet, if it is true…”
The [Servant] that Calirn had sent to send the [Messages] returned, breathless. He stopped still when he saw two of the Grandmasters in the room. Calirn looked at him.
“Send word to the Fall Sentinel to prepare his Season for a grand ritual spell. I do not know when or if it must be cast. Inform the Academy of Wistram that we may need their assistance. And tell Ser Raim to return to the order in all haste. Request the Hunter’s Guild to replace his presence with their members and return the primary hunting party with Ser Raim.”
“You’re serious about this?”
Calirn ignored the Summer Champion’s incredulous look. He kept giving orders as the [Servant]’s eyes flickered, memorizing each word.
“Have the [Informants] information on the Stitch Witch?”
“All the replies we have collected claim ignorance, Knight-Commander.”
Calirn nodded.
“In that case, get in contact with this [Fence]’s acquaintances. Anyone who might be able to verify the Stitch Witch’s whereabouts. Offer a bounty. A substantial one.”
The [Servant] nodded, waited, and then raced off. Talia looked around. And the two Grandmasters exchanged a glance. A grand ritual spell? Recalling the active hunters for Belavierr? It could only mean one thing.
He thought it was her.
“It could be a ruse. She’s done the same before to throw us off.”
“Yes. But her curses kill those who attempt to betray her whereabouts. And Izril—it fits one other piece of information I was given by the [Broker]. There is a coven there. Seeking to bargain with an [Emperor].”
“An [Emperor]? Why would one be in Izril—”
“If it is her, how can we confirm it? Using a grand ritual would be a waste of resources if we err—”
“We must hope that one of the [Informants] has the means to communicate her whereabouts or confirm her presence despite the curse. But every effort must be taken or else she will slip through the Order’s fingers again. We prepare but do not act unless we are certain.”
