6.42 E
Page 33
It’s not been that…bad. Troubling, yes. But nothing worse has happened with Belavierr, so I consider that a boon. There had been more incidents of course. But Mavika was predictable and minor given what could have happened. And Hedag?
“No. It’s not an issue, Yitton.”
I patiently turn my head. The [Lord]’s been objecting to what went down for the last thirty minutes. I shake my head as Yitton replies in a strained voice.
“I don’t deny that the outcome was beneficial, Emperor Laken. But the question is one of law.”
“I’d do the same thing in her place. In fact, I will do it. There is nothing wrong with what this [Witch], Hedag did, Yitton. Unless you disagree? Gralton?”
Yitton bites his tongue and makes a sound. No one would disagree. And Gralton’s uncharacteristically silent. Sarcastically, fed up with the debate, I go on.
“What she did was undeniably good.”
“She violated the law.”
“I would never fault her for it.”
“Yes, your Majesty. But it is the principle of the thing. The law must apply to all, or it is not law.”
“Well then, I’ll change the law to allow it.”
“Your Majesty! The people of your empire have rights!”
“Not to that, Yitton!”
I take a deep breath. I calm down a bit, hearing silence.
“I’m sorry. I know you’re making a reasoned point. But I don’t think it’s wrong. And if Lancrel’s people object or this Councilwoman Beatica or that [Mayor] I’ve heard so much about complain, I will deal with it. But I’m not ordering her punished. And when I get back, I’ll sort it out. But as far as I’m concerned, that’s proof of [Witches] being a good thing.”
“I’m afraid I must disagree, your Majesty.”
There’s a tone in Yitton’s voice that makes me grind my teeth. He can be more stubborn than Gralton or me put together! Sixty…five days is more than enough time to find out what you don’t like in someone. But he has a point. I sigh.
“I’m sure there’s time for reasoned debate. In fact, I’d love to introduce you to Ryoka. She seems to have hit the issue on the same points as you. We’ll address it when we get there. Let’s change the subject. Gralton? What news of your lands? Is it raining there? I hope Riverfarm likes all this rain we’re bringing them.”
Sourly, I glance up. It’s raining on my oiled cloak. No umbrellas while riding, thanks. Gralton pauses.
“I do have news. My people are telling me there’s a bunch of sick bastards on my land. So I told ‘em to quarantine them like you said, Laken. That will help?”
I blink.
“You actually remembered our discussion about the Black Death? Wait—sickness?”
The man grunts.
“Shouldn’t I? You don’t forget something like that. And I have lots of dogs. And people. There’s always something. Doesn’t sound too bad. I’ll hire some [Healers]. Always helps. Not as bad as [Witches]. Byres?”
“Nothing from my lands, or so my wife claims.”
The [Lord]’s voice is a bit short. I haven’t heard the last from him. I sigh and rub my head. I’m out of sorts. I haven’t been sleeping well. And the rain’s falling on my head. Despite it, my cloak feels hot. I shrug at it, irritably.
And then I hear pounding hoofbeats in the mud. I turn my head and hear a voice.
“Your Majesty! A [Message]! Urgent!”
“Gamel? What is it? Riverfarm?”
I twist, suddenly worried and Gralton halts my horse. Gamel halts, panting. I hear a horse, his urgent tone, something rustling.
“No, sire! It’s from Terandria! The Order of Seasons is sending you a [Message]—”
“The Order of Seasons? What does it say?”
