6.42 E
Page 20
A few had Talia’s colors, although she had personalized her armor. Still, she wore the gold and orange and hints of white proudly. She was a [Summer Knight], twenty eight, and a full member of her Order. She looked around as her fellow [Knights] walked on. It had been a long journey and they had just arrived in their order’s stronghold after disembarking in Kallinad harbors.
They were no doubt eager to rest and return, but Talia lingered a while, taking it all in. The sprawling fortress-keep was made of four quarters, each to one season, and the center was neutral ground. And it was as iconic in its way as any of Terandria’s venerated treasures for its legacy and the history of the warriors who called it home.
This was the Order of Seasons. Of the many [Knight] orders of Terandria, famed for its ancient traditions and lineages, the Order of Seasons was still one of the most iconic. They were a [Knighthood] of four distinct factions, one to each season, and their ranks were vast and their deeds famous in history. And they were long allies with a number of nations and noble houses. Enough so that over a hundred had answered House Kallinad’s call for aid. Well, there were practical reasons too.
“Admiring your return, Dame Talia? Just remember that our Knight-Commander will want to see you.”
An older man spoke behind Talia. She turned and saw Sir Kelm, helmetless but wearing his armor, nodding towards her. She smiled.
“Of course, Sir Kelm. I only hope he’ll judge our expedition worthy. We brought back no trophies, but I like to think we won acclaim for our Order!”
The older [Knight] smiled, but a touch ruefully.
“For House Kallinad, certainly. I only wish there weren’t so many of these…magical reproductions of our [Knights] toppling from their horses. The Iron Vanguard can certainly boast that its ranks can stand up against our Order.”
That stung Talia’s pride. She swept at her brown hair, vexed, before touching the sword at her side.
“Only because we weren’t using lances and we couldn’t charge as hard as if we were on the battlefield, Sir Kelm!”
Patiently, the older [Knight] shook his head.
“And if we had? The Iron Vanguard didn’t employ its weapons either. I’m afraid we underestimated the games at Daquin. Certainly we can claim a victory, but I imagine our Commander might object to the perceived failings of our order.”
Talia bit her lip. It was a fair point, and calmly made. She looked at Sir Kelm and flushed, knowing he’d bear the brunt of that objection if it came. He’d backed her request when she made it and he was the highest-level and most senior [Knight] who’d led the Order of Seasons in Daquin.
Sir Kelm was a Knight of the Autumn, or a Fall Knight. Or a [Autumn Knight] if you wanted to be precise, but ‘Fall Knight’ was a joke the younger members of the Order sometimes used to refer to the lower level of skill in combat the Knights of the Autumn possessed. They were scholars, or [Knights] who pursued projects, or simply took to magic more than most [Knights].
But there was nothing scholarly about Sir Kelm’s build. He was a fine member of his Season; it was only some of the junior members who tended to lose every competition based on physical strength. Still, more than half of the [Knights] in Daquin had been from his order and he nodded, a chagrined smile on his face.
“I will make my report to Knight-Commander Calirn of course, but he requested you first.”
Talia cleared her throat, embarrassed.
