6.42 E
Page 19
Day by day, more provinces were being seized and the question was if the Empress would fight to the death or surrender, or if Flos, the King of Destruction, would make his move. Twice now, his forces had clashed on the border of Nerrhavia’s Fall in ‘accidental skirmishes’, but the gigantic kingdom had repulsed Flos both times, even if they’d gotten the worst of the skirmishes.
Some had argued that invalidated his claim to peace, but no one could say who’d started each skirmish. And the fact that he hadn’t declared war as Tiqr was slowly consumed was an argument that he was keeping his vow.
But that was global politics. You could also point to a very nasty incident between House Kallinad and another rival house, a minor war between two kingdoms in Terandria, or news of a Gold-rank team slaying a Manticore—the kind of thing Terandrians talked about. But the biggest event everyone was firm on was Daquin’s game. And Talia smiled every time they talked about it because she had been there. And it had been a member of House Kallinad that had won!
Okay, not ‘won’. It was that scrawny Lizardgirl covered in sewer waste who’d technically won. But anyone with an eye had seen that it was Wil’s daring strategy, bringing four warships from another continent to challenge the Iron Vanguard that had provided her with an opportunity to win!
Talia couldn’t help but brag about it to everyone she met. He had challenged Tulm the Mithril, legend of the Iron Vanguard and held his own! And for his deeds, the Titan of Baleros had acknowledged the feat and granted Wil the victor’s prize along with the Lizardgirl: the right to ask any one question he wanted.
That was worth the cost of sending so many [Soldiers] abroad. It was even worth the cost of prevailing on so many [Knights] to take part in the war game as well. House Kallinad stood to gain far more than they had spent, in fame and prestige alone, but also by a good question if Wil asked it.
Talia knew her father had high hopes of Wil. She did too. But as she strode through the bright courtyard that was her true home, not the ancestral Kallinad residence, Talia wondered if her Order saw things the same way.
The bright, fiery courtyard gave Talia the impression she was walking through fire, though she’d walked this spot hundreds of times. The courtyard of the Season of Summer was scrupulously maintained, and the color scheme designed to reflect yellows and reds and oranges, the color of fire, of summer.
It was beautiful, to walk on the colorful flagstones, or stop between the huge, everburning braziers that meant this part of the Order’s fortress-grounds would never be dark. Talia walked on, into the center of the vast keep. She passed by frescos decorated with heroes of old, ceremonial armor, some pierced where their wearers had died or decorated in outdated fashions, past a garden in full bloom, property of the Season of Spring, and then one of the general courtyards.
Talia stopped to watch the dozens of [Knights] and [Squires] training there, dueling with sword and shield, or mace, or two-handed weapons under the wary eye of instructors. She smiled.
“Home.”
Some of the [Knights] walking with Talia chuckled. They walked on, their armor glinting with various shades. Many wore identical colors, the bright green and yellow and blue of the [Spring Knights], or the reds and purples and silver of the Season of Autumn.
