6.42 E
Page 30
She didn’t trust the [Witch Hunter]. He could be aware of the curse and hoping she’d die trying or that she had the ability to survive it. Fierre could see buying some powerful magical protections—but she still didn’t trust the motive. Also, Ryoka had said Belavierr was fine. Maybe the Stitch Witch was helping Ryoka? Her daughter was in Riverfarm. She had a daughter?
But the main reason, the crucial one was that Fierre really didn’t want to die. And she knew there was a curse. The lowliest [Informants] knew there was a curse. Twice now, the Order of Seasons had upped its bounty. They were offering four hundred gold coins for someone to verify Belavierr was there beyond reasonable doubt.
Fierre had that. Oh, yes she did. But she also knew three people had died trying to inform the Order of Seasons. One had been strangled by her collar. Another had been pulled in front of a wagon and run over despite having ample time to roll away. Their clothes had stitched themselves into the ground. The last—Fierre hadn’t even been able to get a good description.
The curse was alive and well. So Fierre refused to try, even though her fingers itched to write the message. Part of her was simply vexed the Order of Seasons was hesitating. Four dead [Informants] didn’t paint you a picture? But then again—Belavierr had a reputation for doing stuff like this. Fierre had asked for more information on her and it had been—cautiously—relayed.
Stuffed dolls that looked like her and turned violent. People with faces she’d stitched to look like hers. Blood debts and pacts, signed which made people turn on each other to protect her, or let her get away. People swearing they saw her, only for it to be revealed that it was a mass-illusion. A delusion. Magic cast on a tapestry. Rumors.
That was the ability of a high-level [Witch]. Part of Fierre wanted to doubt Belavierr was even in Riverfarm. But Ryoka had asked by name. And provided a brief description. Fierre shuddered. Orange ringed eyes. That was some kind of magical effect if you ever heard of one.
And she had a daughter. How much was that information worth? Fierre sat in her office near midmorning, absently playing with a quill. After a moment, she shook her head. She’d been doing this for nearly two days straight. Always coming to the same conclusion.
“No. Nope. It’s too risky. Ryoka says it’s fine. It’s too risky.”
She put down the quill. Stared at it. Pushed it to the edge of her desk. Then she flicked it off. With a sigh of relief, Fierre sat back. She put her feet up on the desk. Stared at them, sat back up and brushed the bits of dirt off. She sighed.
“I have to get back to work. Be safe, not greedy. Greedy gets you killed.”
She shook her head, sighing deeper. Fierre put her head down on her desk, then decided to do some paperwork. Absently, she began sorting her notes, adjusting them. She was creating a portfolio of the world, storing old details, information. Anything could be useful. She decided to add a note about Riverfarm to her files. She already had a substantial one on Ryoka. She also had a great filing system she’d come up with herself. It even made it easy to append notes. Absently, Fierre mumbled as she wrote.
“Riverfarm possess [Riding] force. Known as Darksky Riders. Cross-check with [Emperor] Skills? Current population est. 2,000+. Notable inhabitants: Lady Rie Valerund. [Steward] Prost. Former Farmer? Uh…”
She bit her lip.
