6.42 E
Page 31
“Visited—visiting Coven. Mavika, alias Mavika the Raven. Outstanding bounty. Eloise. Former [Lady] of Terandria. Wiskeria, Silver-rank Adventurer, the Celestial Trackers. Hedag the [Executioner] (also [Witch]), outstanding bounty. Alevica the Witch Runner. Outstanding bounty. Nanette, apprentice of Califor. Califor…no known alias or bounty. Uh—one, two, three…”
She paused. Yawned. Too many sleepless nights over the stupid Belavierr thing. Even a Vampire needed rest and she was a night person. She counted. Seven? That wasn’t right. She frowned. Then slapped her forehead and rolled her eyes.
“Oh, right. Belavierr. The Stitch Witch. Mother of Wiskeria. Outstanding boun—”
The quill froze as Fierre reached for the inkpot. She stared down at the parchment where Riverfarm was listed. Her eyes fixed on Belavierr’s name.
“Oh no. No, no, nononono—that doesn’t count!”
She sat up. Looked around wildly. Every muscle in Fierre’s body tensed as her stomach lurched. Nothing in the small office moved. Fierre held still, and then relaxed. She laughed, shakily.
And then she heard the scream.
 
—-
 
This is the tale of a [Tailor]. He was sewing with a steel needle, carefully stitching a line in a dress he was adjusting. He lifted the needle and it tore through his finger. The [Tailor] stared at the hole in his flesh. Blood began welling in the ragged wound.
Then he began to scream. His apprentices looked up and saw the needle flash past them. Then more needles, tearing loose of the needle books and cases. They flashed out of the shop. One apprentice was too slow to jump out of the way. The needles went straight through her.
 
—-
 
Another shop was a [Shopkeeper]’s store. The needles on display shot out of the glass, flying in a swarm, tiny flashing shapes that shot down the street, curving, joining more that flew from a [Blacksmith]’s forge, off the anvil, out of a home. Through a [Guardsman] and his armor. They flew towards a small back alley. An iron door.
Fierre heard the screams. She looked up and edged to the back of the room, staring at both doors leading into the small chamber.
The doors to her room were solid iron. Not enchanted, but a sturdy barrier against any usual threat or [Guardsman] if there was a raid. Fierre had a trap door that led to the basement where she could flee, or she could go through the shop entrance. She looked at the trap door, then the locked doors. She hesitated a moment too long.
The needles hit the door like sharp rain. Fierre jerked back in horror as a dozen glittering tips appeared in the door. They’d gone through the solid iron! But there they lodged. Outside, people were screaming, calling the alarm in the streets of Reizmelt. But the deadly rain had stopped.
Fierre stared at the glittering needles lodged halfway through the door vibrating. She laughed, hysterically, seeing them straining. But the metal held them. Fierre edged towards the second iron door, fumbling for her key. The needles twisted to follow her. She froze. Then she heard a scream of tortured metal. The door began to bend. The needles began sliding towards her.
The Vampire girl’s breath caught. She stared at the needles. Then she screamed as the first one tore its way loose. She flung up her arms.
“No—”
 
—-
 
It took five minutes for the Watch to find the two dead bodies. [Guards] raced towards the scene, weapons raised, following the trail the needles had taken. They’d gone through everything. People followed, against common instinct. They came to a spot familiar to a few in the crowd, [Guards] included. An Opener’s workspace.
