6.43 E
Page 10
Attempt to honor. Even Durene knew that wasn’t a promise. But what could be done. Annoyed, Prost dismissed the crowd. Which left Durene to look for her house-guests as the sun set.
She’d been watering the fields all day. Some of the [Farmers] had been used to irrigation, but the newly-planted fields didn’t have them yet. It wasn’t too hard to draw water from the river, and in truth, the crops would have survived longer without rain—it was just that to grow them quickly, you wanted a lot of water. Which meant even Durene’s arms hurt from hauling wheelbarrows of water from the river.
That was what she had occupied herself with, and Charlay had actually pitched in! The Centauress had dragged water over to the [Farmers] and only stolen a few handfuls of wheat to snack on. On the other hand, Wiskeria and Ryoka had refrained from helping and instead gone off on their own ways. Durene had no idea what they’d done all day. But she found both at her cottage when she returned with food for a meal.
Ryoka was sitting in Durene’s cottage, staring at a wall. Frostwing was pecking at a handful of nuts. Wiskeria was in her tent. Durene hesitated, but decided to see Ryoka first.
“Ahem. Hi. I brought dinner.”
Durene hefted the basket as she came in. Ryoka turned. Durene was alone; Charlay had stayed in Riverfarm to eat food there before coming back to the cottage for a second dinner. Ryoka blinked at the half-Troll girl.
“Durene.”
“Ryoka.”
The two regarded each other. After their last conversation where Ryoka had told Durene she couldn’t help her, the two hadn’t really spoken. But, strangely, after the [Bandits] and the not-baby, all their earlier tension had vanished. A large crisis was a wonderful unifier. Durene began unpacking her bag and after a second, Ryoka got up and tried to help.
Tried, because Durene really knew her kitchen better than Ryoka. But the other young woman was determined, and she could peel potatoes—even if her first reaction was to throw away the skins.
“You can eat those, you know.”
“Oh. Right. Sorry.”
The two worked in silence for a moment. Durene was making a cheesy scallop dish, which was really exorbitant, but the first cheeses had been finished and Prost had given Durene some to take back with some milk. It was going to be a lovely feast, and one Durene felt was needed. She was concentrating on that, but she knew Ryoka was deep in thought. The City Runner was absently working, her brows drawn. And after a while, she spoke.
“Laken told you about my world, didn’t he?”
Durene jumped and sliced her hand with her kitchen knife. Ryoka hissed, but Durene waved her hand.
“It’s alright! Didn’t even get through the first layer of skin!”
“Oh. Right. [Iron Skin], huh? That’s a great Skill.”
“Um. No. Even before I had the Skill, I never cut myself.”
“Really?”
Ryoka looked impressed. Durene smiled. She clenched her hand absently as she got back to work. She could still remember the thump as she hit the [Bandits]. Strange, to be making food now. After a moment, she recalled what Ryoka had said.
“Your world?”
“That’s right. You know about it, right? Laken told you everything?”
Ryoka glanced up. Her brown eyes were searching. Durene paused. Ryoka had hated talking about anything from her world, especially possibly inventions. The half-Troll girl nodded at last.
“A bit. Well, he told me lots of stories. I can’t believe most of it, but I know…about airplanes? Cars? Um…electricity and the internet? Guns?”
“Huh. Those are the basics, I guess.”
“Well, he talked about more, but yeah. Why?”
The City Runner was silent as she chopped a potato.
