6.43 E
Page 8
The man took a step back, as if to hide behind a tree. Ryoka frowned. She didn’t want him at her back. She glanced around warily. Was there anyone in earshot? No. Damn.
“Let’s be straight. Are you a [Witch Hunter]? Yes or no. Because these [Witches] are under an [Emperor]’s protection.”
The man looked at her warily.
“If I was, would you tell the coven in that village, Miss Runner? Because I have an attachment to my body. And I’d rather not end up in pieces. Which I think I would if any of the…serious ones met me. I’m sure you understand. And I understand your [Emperor] isn’t here. Which is why I am. All-seeing [Emperors] sound as bad as [Witches]. But I might take a risk on him. I know I won’t survive meeting some of them.”
The young woman paused.
“…They wouldn’t kill you. Look, that coven’s not evil. Most of them.”
“You’re willing to risk my life on it?”
The [Witch Hunter] smiled, eyes wary. Ryoka frowned. She doubted she could force him to come back with her—no, she wouldn’t even risk it. She couldn’t see a weapon on him, but she wasn’t an expert and if he was a [Witch Hunter] he could probably kill her easily. She warily gestured with her free hand behind her.
“They’re not evil. None of them are. If this is about the Marshlands Coven or Belavierr—”
“The Stitch Witch. So she is in that village?”
The man raised his brows until they disappeared beneath his cap. Ryoka cursed.
“If she is, so what? She’s done nothing wrong.”
“Ah, that explains why everyone I’ve met has sung her praises.”
The [Hunter] gave her a sardonic look. Ryoka glared at him.
“Someone put a bounty on [Witches] via [Bandits]. Was that you?”
“Do you know what the Stitch Witch’s crimes are? They’re enough to put her on any watch list in any major city in the world. But it’s rare to ever find her in one place long.”
“Yeah? Well, maybe that’s because people like you hunt her down. I’m warning you. Stay away from this village and the [Witches].”
“Is that a threat?”
The man tilted his head. His eyes were locked on Ryoka’s. She gritted her teeth, holding the bag with a sweaty hand. She began backing away. If she found Beniar—she snapped as she stepped backwards.
“Yes. Leave all the [Witches] alone. They’ve done nothing wrong.”
“You mean, they haven’t killed anyone yet. But they will. And the baby’s only the start.”
Ryoka spun around. The man was looking straight at her. He nodded.
“People talk. The Stitch Witch may have come here for her daughter, Miss Runner. Or perhaps this bargain with your [Emperor] you speak so highly of. But if you have a chance, look into her crimes. She’s wiped out cities that make this one look like a patch of sand. She’s a threat, and I will swear that on any truth spell you’d ask of me. I’m here to deal with threats.”
“Under whose authority? Your own? What gives you the right to judge them?”
Ryoka snapped. The man shook his head.
“Just remember what I said. And when they show you their true nature, don’t say I didn’t warn you. Good chatting, Miss City Runner. If you tell those [Witches] about me, at least be kind enough to bury what remains, would you?”
He stepped behind the tree and disappeared. Ryoka backed up, her eyes on the tree. But she saw no flicker of movement, or glint of metal. She still didn’t turn around until she was four hundred feet away. Then she ran in a zig-zag pattern until she got back to Riverfarm. And by the time she found Beniar and he and his [Riders] went back, the man was gone. But Ryoka had known that would happen. She cursed anyways.
