6.43 E
Page 29
And she was waiting. And that night, her craft did call. It was no large thing. Rather, it was a young boy Ryoka had never met. She had never seen him. To her, he was a face, one of Riverfarm’s many families displaced. She couldn’t have seen anything unique about him. Her eyes were on the [Witches]. She did not know the young boy, who had shown a leather ball to Hedag and heard her promise. Ryoka did not even know his name. His story.
But here it was. The young boy had had a fulfilling day. He’d been corralled into a work force of boys all bursting with energy around his age, too young to take up a task that involved anything bladed, but too old to stay with the young children. He’d been sent under the eye of a pair of [Hunters] to the forest near Riverfarm to gather some edibles.
Of course, the boy had played with his friends, but they’d all come back with some edibles, or bits of bark and kindling to appease Prost and the supervisor in charge of them. But responsibility wasn’t something the boy had a grasp of yet. He was a city’s child, and he’d laughed at the diligent villager-children who refused to so much as try and catch a rabbit barehanded and gathered most of the day.
And then he’d come back and eaten a hot meal, which he liked. He missed his home in Lancrel. Terribly. And the fascination of a new village, the relief of fleeing the Goblins was worn off. Riverfarm was boring, where Lancrel had been huge and exciting, a proper city. In his way, the young boy had been contemptuous of Riverfarm’s villagers.
The only exciting thing was the visitors. The Centauress, the strange-looking City Runner. And the [Witches]. They were terrifying and exciting to someone his age and he’d tried following around the young [Witch] until the old one snapped at him. Or the Witch Runner, until she’d conjured a swarm of stinging bugs and scared him and his friends off. The young boy had gotten into a fight twice with the villager boys and a girl named Chimmy. And he’d been told off and slapped hard for each.
Misery. Fun. Boredom and joy. That was his life in the day. But at night—at this night in particular, the young boy sat in his newly-made bed and listened. He shook, because he heard a man’s voice. Familiar, rough. And yes, drunk.
It was a story Ryoka didn’t know, but that she knew. The young boy listened. He had a mother and father. She was often impatient with him. He had expectations, and didn’t like being here in Riverfarm. The father was a [Jeweler] by class, and he didn’t take well to the work he had to do since he couldn’t pursue his class.
So he was impatient. Annoyed. And that night, drink, provided by Councilwoman Beatica at the Lancrel gatherings fueled a long-burning fire. An old problem. The boy listened as the voices murmured, then grew loud. And he was afraid.
Dark thoughts. A temper. Bitter words, perhaps over losing his home, his family moving here. Grievances at work. Councilwoman Beatica’s words. The lack of rain. [Witches].
The first shout made the young boy’s heart jump. He prayed he wouldn’t hear another. But he had no one to pray to, and he didn’t even know how to pray. It mattered not either way. He heard a quarrel. Another raised voice. And then a slap. A cry.
Heart racing. Hands clenching the sweaty sheets. The boy got up and searched his bed, desperately. He found what few things he owned. A leather ball he’d won from a friend. A bit of quartz he’d tried to polish. Three copper coins. He grabbed the ball and squeezed it. But then he heard more fighting. And another cry.
