6.43 E
Page 9
But at least that was another piece of the puzzle. A [Witch Hunter]. She was almost certain of it. And he’d pretty much confessed to it when she put together his dress. But that look was one thing. Him sticking around, confirming the [Witch]’s presence was another. Why was he here? Waiting?
Because he was waiting for something. And that certainty bothered Ryoka. What was he waiting for? And what could she do about it? She couldn’t have taken him, she was certain. She was just a City Runner. So Ryoka did what she could do. She headed back into the village and went to see Rehanna.
 
 
Day 60 – Durene
 
The reply from Laken was simple. Durene squinted at it over Prost’s shoulder.
 
Let no one strike a deal with Witch Belavierr. But do not try her yet. Collect evidence for a trial which I will preside over. If this Coven is to be trusted, see what they do when no bargains are struck. And give Rehanna every kindness. Do not take the baby away. Leave her be.
–[Emperor] Laken Godart
 
Just that. And it didn’t exactly fill Durene. But it was something. And Prost set out to fulfill Laken’s orders the instant he received them.
“Witch Belavierr!”
A group of men and women, Beycalt, Ram, and Beniar and his [Riders] among them followed Prost as he confronted the [Witch] in the street. Belavierr was walking. Slowly, walking down the street.
It was an ordinary thing and obviously everyone did it. But Durene shuddered as she stood behind Prost, to see Belavierr even do that. After last night, she couldn’t help but suspect even that innocuous action of some dark meaning. Belavierr didn’t turn as Prost strode towards him. The [Steward] called out again.
“Witch Belavierr! By order of his Majesty, Laken Godart, no one in Riverfarm is to strike a deal with you! Until his Majesty arrives, you are to refrain from attempting to bargain with anyone in the Unseen Empire! Is that clear?”
He hurled the last words at full-volume at Belavierr, barely ten feet from her. And not once did the [Witch] turn her head.
“Witch Belavierr! Do you hear me?”
She walked right past him. Prost’s voice gave out for a second. He faltered, staring as she continued down the street. Then he whirled.
Two of the [Witches] were gathered, inspecting a chess board. Eloise and Alevica. The older [Witch] and the Witch Runner were playing, much to the [Carpenter] Jelov’s displeasure. But he’d retreated into his open-air studio rather than confront the two. Prost strode over and Eloise looked up. She regarded him and the small crowd of Riverfarm’s authority behind him.
“Witch Eloise. I have a message from Emperor Godart—”
“I heard, Steward Prost.”
“Witch Belavierr does not appear to have heard me. Will she heed Emperor Laken’s request? If she refuses, we shall have to…”
Prost’s voice trailed off. And Durene wasn’t certain herself of what Prost would do. She’d been eying Belavierr. The woman was tall, but Durene was still taller, and a lot bigger. She could surely grab Belavierr and restrain her. But somehow, Durene’s image of that scene never quite seemed to work in her head. Eloise shook her head in reply to Prost’s question.
“She may not have heard you, Steward Prost. But we shall attempt to remind her if she attempts to practice her craft again. That I may promise you.”
“Didn’t hear—”
Ram made a strangled noise. Eloise looked at him and adjusted her hat.
“That is who she is, I’m afraid. And I thank your [Emperor] for his considered response. We will attempt to honor his request.”
