6.43 E
Page 1
Most of those standing around the table had not. Ryoka looked at them and saw the horror. But for Wiskeria, it was more than horror. It was sadness. Disgust. Regret. Disappointment.
She had seen this before. So now the task fell to her to explain.
“It was a bargain. There was no malice in it. Not from my mother, at any rate.”
“She didn’t seek Rehanna out because the woman destroyed your brew, Wiskeria? You’re sure?”
Prost fixed Wiskeria with a searching eye. The [Witch] barely hesitated.
“No. My mother doesn’t mix business with vengeance. If she was angry at Rehanna, she would have killed her or done something far worse. I know what we saw. But it only concerns Rehanna.”
“In that case, what of Belavierr’s former crimes?”
Lady Rie looked at Ryoka. The City Runner glanced down at the scroll of parchment and unrolled it. She held it down with the inkpot Nesor had used to write it and stared at Fierre’s message.
Bad news often came too late. Ryoka stared down at the…list of Belavierr’s crimes. Her stomach lurched. It was long. Long, disturbing, even hilarious in parts. And then just horrifying because it was probably true.
“Mass-murder of a city. Is that even possible? Seduction of a [Prince]?”
“Allegedly.”
Charlay unhelpfully pointed that out. The entire room glared at her and she quailed.
“What? It says that there.”
“That’s probably a lie.”
Wiskeria looked uncomfortable. But she hadn’t been surprised by the list of crimes either. On the other side of the table, Rie and Prost were greatly disturbed.
“This goes beyond regular crime. If even a tenth of what’s written here is true, let alone the bounty, Belavierr is a monster on the same level as…”
“The Necromancer? The Bloodfeast Raiders? Or this Circle of Thorns?”
Prost looked at Rie. She paused, her face pale, and nodded.
“Any, yes. Why is Belavierr’s name not known the world over?”
“Perhaps because she doesn’t kill armies. She comes and goes. She’s most dangerous when people try to attack her, or stop her. I know what my mother is capable of. But believe me, she didn’t come to harm Riverfarm. I know how she thinks. For her, this is business. And her coming with the coven is because they need to deal with Laken. Because of me.”
Wiskeria looked around the table. No one could immediately respond. Belavierr didn’t seem harmless. Ryoka recalled the thing in Rehanna’s arms. It had been skillfully done. Everything was right. In fact, it was far, far more realistic than any mannequin baby from her world. Plastic could not take the shape cloth had.
Bu it was not alive. But it moved and cried. Ryoka’s skin crawled and she felt her stomach heave, trying to eject reality.
However, she had seen worse. Worse, and better. More glorious magic, more tragedy. She had seen a Dragon. So it was Ryoka who stirred as the first rays of dawn crept into Rie’s home. She raised a hand as the light struck her face. Her two missing fingers made the beams blind Ryoka anyways. The young Asian woman sighed, then stood.
“Well, we’ve sent a message to Laken. And everyone’s inside, if not asleep. Rehanna’s being watched. So I think I’ll talk with the coven tomorrow. I mean, later today. Maybe I’ll take a nap before that. Unless anyone has anything else to say?”
She squinted at the brightening window. Ryoka stared at the rising sun and wondered if four hours would allow her to function. Maybe with a stamina potion. She’d trade someone else’s left leg for coffee. Then she realized everyone was looking at her.
“What?”
“We can’t just go back to work. We haven’t resolved this issue, Miss Griffin!”
