6.43 E
Page 5
“No. But I haven’t met any [Witches] before all of you. And Belavierr is unique.”
Not even Mavika could contest that. She sat back, looking annoyed, and Ryoka took that as acceptance. She looked around.
“The baby. I get that Belavierr traded it to Rehanna. Can you all tell me why? And how she struck the deal?”
The [Witches] looked at Ryoka. Then Alevica leaned over to Nanette.
“And here I thought she was halfway smart.”
Nanette’s somber expression turned into twitching facial muscles. She pulled her hat off her head to cover a giggle. Califor looked disapproving. Hedag boomed with laughter. She slapped the table, making all the cups jump and leaned forwards.
“Don’t insult the girl, Alevica! Miss Runner! You want to know what bargain was struck? Can’t you see what it was? Or do you ask if there’s some other trick to it? If so, I’ll tell you what any [Witch] would: there’s not and it was honestly done!”
She eyed Ryoka, her huge face smiling beneath her brown hat. Of all the [Witches], Ryoka had spoken to Hedag the least. Not at all in fact; she’d been playing with the children all of yesterday. She looked at Ryoka, eyes bright beneath the huge grin.
“Califor said you understood our craft. So you tell me, Miss Runner Ryoka, what was the nature of the bargain? It should be plain to see.”
Ryoka thought for a moment.
“It looks like Belavierr made the doll for Rehanna because the woman missed her child. In exchange for part of Rehanna’s life. Or her lifespan. But—it’s not that simple, is it?”
“Why not?”
Hedag’s smile was challenging. Ryoka turned to look at Wiskeria and got a nod. That was what Wiskeria had said, but…Ryoka frowned.
“But it’s just a doll. What makes it worth…a decade of life?”
“It looks like her child. Sounds like it too.”
The Asian girl blinked. That made sense. But…it did feel too simple. She raised her eyebrows, meeting Hedag’s gaze.
“So it’s not going to disappear or fall apart or…suck the life out of her?”
“Why would Belavierr make a working that didn’t grant happiness? She has a reputation to uphold.”
That question came from Califor. The [Witch] looked peeved at Ryoka’s questions. The City Runner shook her head.
“But it’s just a doll. It’s not worth…does it eat? Will it grow up?”
The [Witches] shrugged, all but one. That was Eloise. The oldest-looking [Witch] sighed and put down her cup. She regarded Ryoka over it, and her voice was quiet.
“It will be a baby forever. It may even eat. I don’t care to know. And into it, it will take Rehanna’s grief. For her, it is her baby, and perhaps she might even dream her husband is just around the corner, laughing, as he holds it. It is…just that, Miss Griffin. Just that, but too much nevertheless. Just a spell. An illusion of…happiness.”
The short [Witch] stood up. And calmly added water to her tea kettle until it was steaming again. She looked at Ryoka as she made tea, serving it around.
“I believe I told Lady Rie when Belavierr sought Rehanna that we had a difference of opinion. And that is the truth. Belavierr and I both deal with what you understand to be grieving souls, Miss Griffin. Of course, you know that my craft helps all sorts, from the troubled to those simply who wish a day to be happier for a moment. But Belavierr seeks out those who have lost.”
“Her craft.”
The [Witches] nodded as one. Ryoka looked back at Eloise.
“So the doll—”
“Is a doll. But it is not as simple as you seem to think, Miss Griffin. The magic on it is not simple.”
“I know that, but—”
