6.43 E
Page 39
“I don’t know. I was in the dark cave. And was trying to hide beneath a rock. And then I saw the light. And I heard terrible fighting. And then Miss Califor was there. She picked me up and scolded me. Then she brought me back and we buried Belfaus. And that’s when she taught me to use magic to defend myself. But I never knew how she did it. I asked everyone, but no one said they knew. Only that Miss Califor tore up half the mountainside looking for me. And she found me.”
“How? How’d she beat that many Gargoyles? A decent Gold-rank team could only get—three. How’d she do it? Scare them off?”
Wiskeria demanded incredulously. Nanette shook her head, eyes wide and earnest.
“She never told me how she got rid of them all. But everyone says that it was a grand feat, even for Miss Califor. And it wasn’t easy. She still has a scar from that day. Right here.”
She pointed at a spot just above her hip. Ryoka stared at Nanette. The little [Witch] concluded, folding her hands on the table and looking up earnestly.
“I never forgot. And Miss Califor’s always been there. She’s the best. I want to be like her when I grow up. I don’t want to disappoint her. I’m sure Witch Belavierr cares about you just as much—almost as much—as Miss Califor, Wiskeria. And your mother too, Ryoka.”
She couldn’t have known how those words went through Wiskeria and Ryoka. Or why they looked at each other, and for a moment each wished they had a story they could tell like that. Something so pure, so simple. And why it hurt that Nanette could tell that tale of Califor with such sincerity.
Ryoka thought of her own mother. And she tried to imagine her mother—she had disappointed her parents greatly. But they had also disappointed her. Even Ryoka the adult wished they had been more, even if they’d been people, not perfect paragons. And she saw something similar in Wiskeria’s gaze. Similar, but different. But there they were. They got along and annoyed each other because there was something similar.
Of course, Nanette had no idea why Wiskeria and Ryoka started crying. But neither Ryoka or Wiskeria could explain the pure, contemptible jealousy in their hearts. And Nanette eventually began sobbing in sympathy.
That was how Miss Califor found them. The old [Witch] stared down at the three crying girls at the tea table. And she sighed. Then she slapped Ryoka and Wiskeria on the back of the heads and dragged Nanette off. For a treat. The [Witch] girl was forgiven.
But Wiskeria and Ryoka remained. They cried a bit. Then they were laughing. Not hysterically, but bitterly; a joke only they could understand. They got a lot of odd looks.
At last, Ryoka straightened. She looked at Wiskeria as the [Witch] blew her nose. Ryoka sighed.
“You really hate what she does, don’t you? I can understand Rehanna. But it bothers you.”
“Of course. Because she’s my mother. And she’s done worse. But the hardest part is that I still love her, Ryoka. She’s my…mother. Even though I hate her. I can’t get a new one. Or make one. But I sometimes wonder if she could make another daughter.”
Wiskeria bitterly looked at her hands. As if checking for stitches. Ryoka nodded. Wiskeria went on.
“It would be so easy if I knew, knew she really loved me. But you’ve met Belavierr. She says I’m her daughter. But am I? Is she really my mother? Or is this relationship fake? Perhaps I’m her backup in case she dies. Maybe when I grow older, she’ll possess my body. Or use my youth. Or perhaps I’m just some experiment she hasn’t ended yet. Maybe she took me on a whim.”
She looked at Ryoka, helpless.
