6.43 E
Page 30
Now he was standing. Shaking. But he knew what was going to happen. It was a pattern. Not the first time, either. The young boy stared at the light through the door. And he was afraid. He’d been out there before. Tried to block the man, his father. Fight back. Last time he’d lost a tooth. He was afraid.
Because the wrath would turn towards him, soon. Already, his mother was sobbing. And the boy, desperate, wanted to hide under the bed. Or go out the window. But to where? This was home. So he shuddered.
And he remembered something. A smile. A huge face. A booming voice and a promise. A [Witch]’s promise. She’d sworn on her hat. And she had told him if, if he needed her, to call her name. And she would come. She’d touched the ball, and he’d seen no magic. But she had promised.
In that dark night, the boy had no one to turn to. His father was passing from drunk into a dark temper. Beyond just fury, in fact. The brooding, bitter rage that wouldn’t end in slaps or tears or even blood. So the boy hesitated. He grabbed the ball and clenched his fists. He had to be a man. A man wouldn’t let his mother cry out like that.
But he was small. And afraid. So the boy grabbed the ball. He hesitated, and then raised his prized possession and cried out. And his father heard and tore towards him. The boy heard the furious pounding on the door and hid under the bed. Praying without words. But there was no one in his house besides him, his father, and his mother. His neighbors were quiet, asleep or silent. There was no one to hear him.
Except the [Witch]. And in the mess hall, nodding off, Ryoka saw Hedag’s silent form move. The hat, which had partially slipped off Hedag’s head, rose. And the woman, who had fallen asleep, looked up. And there was no laughter. No smile.
Hedag was on her feet in a second. She ran. Ryoka jerked upright. She was quick, but Hedag was out of the doors, tables and chairs still tumbling aside as she charged outside. Ryoka stumbled after her, the alcohol in her veins disappearing. What? She hadn’t heard a thing!
The [Witch] was outside, head turning. She looked left, down a street of houses with few lights flickering behind the shutters. Then she ran. Ryoka shouted.
“Hedag! What is it?”
The woman didn’t respond. She took off, and Ryoka chased her. But Hedag was fast. She ran without form, holding her hat on her head, pounding down the dirt street. But she was still faster than Ryoka. She ran until she stopped. Ryoka nearly missed her. Hedag stormed up to a house with a faint light flickering behind the door. Ryoka heard a few sounds from inside, a raised voice, a pounding sound.
“What—”
Hedag’s fist struck the door. The [Witch] bellowed into the night. And her voice was like thunder.
“You inside! Touch not that child! Step away from that door!”
Ryoka heard an oath from inside. And then a muffled voice. Hedag’s fist slammed into the door.
“Step away, man. And leave him be. Open this door or I will open it myself!”
She roared the words, heedless of the doors opening, the people stirring. Ryoka stared. She did not know what was happening. But then she saw Hedag lower her shoulder and slam into the door.
The wood was solid. The frame sturdy. It had been made by good [Builders], out of strong wood, and it was fresh. It held, but Ryoka heard the creak. Hedag didn’t stop. She backed up and struck the door again, hurling her entire weight against it. The door cracked.
“—off! This is my house!”
