6.43 E
Page 19
Belavierr paused. And for a moment, for one wonderful, frightening moment, Wiskeria thought she might agree. But at last, she shook her head.
“No, Daughter. You ask for more than I can give.”
“But why—”
“Because I would fight for you, Daughter. I would take lives for you. I would use my magic. Defend. Protect. Seek what you desire. But you ask me to change my craft. To change who I am. If I did so, I would not be Belavierr. I would not be your mother.”
She looked down. And Wiskeria saw Belavierr’s lips move. She saw, but it took her minutes to understand. And when she did, her eyes did fill with tears.
“Oh.”
Belavierr was trying to smile. But she had forgotten how. Wiskeria’s eyes ran, and wetness trickled down her cheeks. Belavierr’s smile vanished. She reached down.
“Daughter. You are crying.”
“I know, Mother.”
“Why are you crying? Are you hurt? Do you need something?”
“No. No, I—”
Wiskeria brushed away the hand. She gulped, and then looked up. It had been like this once. And then, Wiskeria had left, gone so far she’d hoped she’d never see Belavierr again. But that had been running away. This—she wished she’d done this.
“Mother. Let me say this so you understand it. I…”
She searched for words. Belavierr waited, patiently, standing impassive as her horse stood by the tree. And the night shone down on the two. Wiskeria sighed. And she took her hat off and was a girl again, standing before her mother.
“It was good, to be your daughter growing up. When we lived in the village I thought you were the most wonderful mother ever. I wanted to be like you. I thought the other [Witches] who told me how grand and terrible you could be all admired you, even if you could be scary. I saw the darkness in your craft, but also the good. You helped people. And yes, you were…distant. You could be thoughtless, or unkind. But I was happy to be your daughter.”
Belavierr tilted her head sideways. Her hat moved with her, and Wiskeria couldn’t help but smile at the uncomprehending look on her face. She went on.
“But mother. One day, I saw you for what you were. When you made a daughter for a father out of thread. Something—horrible. Something with no life, that looked like what he wanted. And I realized. I asked, and I found out what made you—you. The dead you took life from over the years. The deals you made for your power. The dead, Mother. The dead you left hanging because they opposed you! The threats you made! The people you killed! How old are you?”
“I do not recall, Daughter.”
“That’s not the point!”
Wiskeria stamped her foot and screamed. The night took the scream. Belavierr looked down at her.
“Then what is the point, Daughter? You know what I am. Sometimes, I believe I do not know what you are. But you are my Daughter and I, your mother. Is that not enough?”
Wiskeria put her hand over her heart. She closed her eyes. And when she looked up, her eyes were clear. It still hurt to say. More than any words. But she said them.
“No, Mother. I wish it could be. But it’s not. Because what I never told you when I saw what you are is this: I hate it. And Mother, I hate you.”
The glowing gaze widened. The wind died. And all things paused. There was only Wiskeria and Belavierr. And the [Witch] looked up at the [Witch]. And her words continued.
“I hate you, Mother. I hate what you do. And because you will not change, because what you do sickens me to my core, because I cannot ignore what you do and what you have done, I hate you.”
