6.43 E
Page 31
A man’s voice was audible now. He was shouting in a fury. And Ryoka heard a woman’s voice. And she understood. But Hedag didn’t stop. She rammed the door a third time. And then she raised her foot. She kicked, and the door broke. Ryoka heard an oath and exclamation. Hedag strode into the house, knocking the broken parts of the door aside.
“Step away from the child and woman.”
There was a shout. Ryoka saw a flicker of movement as she ran for the doorframe. She saw Hedag step back, move—the man was swinging at her. The [Witch] blocked the blow and struck back. Ryoka heard a cry—and then a thump. And then another one.
“Listen to me, your poor excuse for a man. You’ll never touch her or him again. Do you hear me?”
“Let go of me! I’m—”
Ryoka heard a slurred voice, and then another blow, so loud her own teeth clenched at it. A cry of pain. Hedag’s sounded like thunder still, rolling and distant.
“Never again. This is a lesson. So pay heed: never again.”
A giant wearing a hat stood in the kitchen. Tall, taller than the mortal man she held. And she raised her hand and the man screamed. Ryoka saw a woman grabbing Hedag, pleading. A boy—perhaps eleven—standing and watching, wide-eyed. Watching his father’s pain. Ryoka grabbed at Hedag’s arm as the woman raised it. And the backhand that struck her sent Ryoka stumbling into a wall.
“Don’t interfere, girl. Nor you, wife. This is my craft. My business. And this man will not touch you or his son so again. Or the next time I return, I will break his bones. And he will remember it. A Hedag’s promise is never broken. So remember this. What you were going to do to a boy less than half your size. Remember this.”
She struck him again. Ryoka stumbled upright. She saw Hedag standing over the man. There was a terrible light in her eyes that scared Ryoka. She moved, grabbing the father as he tried to run. And the next blow doubled him over.
“Hedag! That’s enough!”
Ryoka called out. But the [Witch] did not stop. The father tore away from her with animal strength and ran out the door. Hedag caught him in the street.
A crowd had gathered. Most in their night clothes. They stared at Hedag as she caught him and delivered another blow. The father gasped.
“Help—”
And he was struck again. He made a wild sound and that moved the crowd. Some of them stepped forwards, but stopped when Hedag looked at them.
“Here now! What’s he done? You have no right to attack a man in his house—”
“Silence.”
Hedag barked the word. It stopped Ryoka, behind her. The crowd. Prost, approaching with Beniar. Hedag looked around and the [Witch]’s eyes were wide under her hat. She spoke, her words tearing the illusion of the peaceful night apart.
“I am Hedag! And I am teaching a man who would beat his wife and child a lesson. He will suffer for it. He will not die of it. But he will suffer. And no one will stop me. I am Hedag, and this is my right. This is justice. Will any woman or man gainsay it?”
She stood, holding the whimpering man in a grip of steel. The crowd protested. But it was at Prost the Hedag was looking. The [Witch]’s eyes met his. And the [Steward] stopped. He looked at Hedag.
“Hedag the [Executioner]. Do you say this is just?”
“Just?”
The exclamation came from a dozen voices, outraged. But Hedag just nodded. She looked around. And the outraged people hesitated.
“Should I show you the wife’s bruises? The cuts? Or should I show you the way he beat her? Should I reveal his sins? I will if you wish it, and you will see what sort of man you call neighbor and friend.”
