6.43 E
Page 22
Beatica’s high-pitched voice broke off in a small scream as Belavierr lifted a hand. The [Witch] crooked a finger. Then she turned and strode off. Ryoka, who’d ducked along with Charlay at the gesture, breathed a sigh of relief. She straightened, and Beatica, looking pale and relieved, stood taller. She looked around, and then turned to give a speech as Ryoka prepared to run after Belavierr.
At that moment, every stitch in a three hundred foot radius suddenly unraveled. It was abrupt, suddenly, and so fast that all the clothes just dropped off the crowd, Ryoka, and Charlay. Bits of fabric fell to the ground, in its component parts as the stitching neatly fell into spools of thread as well. Ryoka blinked as her clothes fell off her body. It was actually sort of nice for a moment; the day was sunny and the skin could breathe in the mild wind that followed her about. Then her eyes went wide and everyone processed what had happened.
“Dead gods!”
“What the f—”
“My clothes!”
It was probably telling what the first action of each person was. Whether they covered themselves, stared—and who they stared at and where—or immediately tried to show off, like one muscular [Blacksmith]—it was all pandemonium.
Ryoka, for her part, stared around just to make sure everyone was similarly undressed as she grabbed at her clothes and tried to cover the essentials. Charlay wailed as she grabbed at her shirt. Then her fallen belt! Even it had fallen to pieces!
“Don’t look at me! I’m naked!”
The Centauress wailed as she raced off, clutching what remained of her shirt to her chest. Ryoka stared after her.
“You’re naked? What about me?”
She screamed, but Charlay was already running. The crowd was in chaos. People were bending over to pick up clothes on the street, then realizing that was a very exposed situation. There were red faces, tears—Ryoka saw Councilwoman Beatica running into the nearest house. Ryoka looked around, then realized something.
“Oh. Bag of holding.”
She pulled out a change of clothes and breathed a sigh of relief. Whatever Belavierr had done, it hadn’t hit the bag of holding, or the stitches in the magical bag itself. That was a relief. Ryoka hopped into some pants, forgoing underwear, tossed on a shirt, and then ran like hell as more people came to see what was happening and stare. She was laughing. Right up until she made her mistake.
 
—-
 
Belavierr was standing in the same spot where Ryoka had visited the picnicking [Witches] a few days ago. Right in front of the tree where she’d been resting, close to the river. Only, she was standing. And she looked annoyed. Her back was also turned, so Ryoka was hesitant in walking up and tapping Belavierr on the shoulder. She elected to call out instead.
“Um—excuse me!”
The figure was silent. Tall. Her shadows seemed too long. And when she turned her head, the orange eyes glowed beneath the brim of her hat. Belavierr’s voice was cold.
“I do not wish to speak to you.”
Ryoka halted, her bare feet in the grass. She felt a leap of apprehension, but Belavierr was looking at her. Talking to her. So she smiled. She had met immortals after all, befriended a Vampire. She had to try.
“I understand that. And I beg your pardon, Witch Belavierr. But I’d like to speak to you. You might remember—”
“Leave me.”
The words made Ryoka stumble over hers. She tried again, more desperately.
“I know Wiskeria. And I can talk to her. I know you two have an argument. I asked Wiskeria about it. She’s angry at you. And I think I can—”
“Now.”
