6.43 E
Page 17
Even at the end, when the mob had chased them away, Wiskeria remembered it. Screaming for her mother to run, reaching back from the horse’s back, looking back at the villagers burning their cottage, the child Belavierr had made as the father shouted and strained in the arms of the people who held them—even then, Belavierr’s gaze had been distant, absent as she walked away. She had only looked up when she heard Wiskeria cry and seen the tears. And then—
“Belavierr. Witch Belavierr.”
The hat didn’t rise. The hand didn’t move. Belavierr was still, like a statue—no, a tapestry. Because the wind still moved her dress. The horse still pretended to breathe. It was a scene. And as Wiskeria drew closer, she saw what Belavierr was doing.
As she gave her horse the loose thread it was eating like a snack, her other hand was held out, dangling something in front of Belavierr’s bowed head. She was inspecting something. A bit of thread, tied up in a complex fashion, but still just a single unbroken thread.
Wiskeria recognized it. One of her mother’s ward-spells. She had no idea how powerful it could be. Normally, you’d want to make a spell or ward out of strong emotion and magic. Conventional artifacts of great power for instance were never made of pot metal or clay for instance because those were weak materials. Of course, you could make a very specifically powerful wooden enchanted sword for instance, but material mattered.
Unfortunately, Belavierr’s craft was such that logic stopped applying to her abilities. Grand magic could turn even weak thread into powerful tools. It was probably a thread made from a Griffin’s mane or something, anyways.
It was also trembling. Wiskeria paused. That usually meant the magic was being used. She didn’t know what this ward spell did. Perhaps it had stopped some bird droppings from landing on her mother’s hat? Or…it had done something else.
It was just more of the same. Wiskeria squared her shoulders. She had come here for a reason. And she should have done this long ago. Ryoka was infuriating, but she was also right.
“Mother.”
The head rose. And Wiskeria felt a bitter pleasure. She had loved, in that once ago, that only one word and one voice could ever make Belavierr react consistently. But now she looked down and saw that ringed gaze, the orange, luminescent eyes, and she saw…
“Daughter. It is late. Do you need something of me?”
Belavierr stood in one motion. She looked down at her daughter, and Wiskeria stared up at her. Her mother’s face was impassive as ever. Wiskeria took a deep breath. There was no use beating around the bush with Belavierr.
“Mother. I need a favor of you. A big one.”
“Of course. Name it, and I will do it if it is within my power.”
Wiskeria nodded. She looked into Belavierr’s eyes. And they were familiar. She didn’t know why people shuddered. If you stared long enough, you could see what was in the ever-smaller rings. Deeper and deeper. Wiskeria hesitated. And then she spoke.
“Mother. Please stop using your stitch-magic. Please throw away your creations of thread. I—I beg you, as your daughter. Stop using your charms and curses of needles and cloth. Don’t use any of it.”
It was hard to say. Harder than Wiskeria had thought. But it was a relief to come out with, even if Wiskeria knew the answer. She lowered her head. And Belavierr paused. But then she nodded.
“Very well, Daughter. For how long?”
Wiskeria’s head snapped up. She gaped at Belavierr.
“What? You’ll do it?”
The bright gaze never wavered. Belavierr inclined her head slightly.
