6.43 E
Page 25
Ryoka realized she was making a bad case with her mouth still bloody. She shook her head.
“Wiskeria, I know it’s hard. But I want to help. This rift between your mother and you—I want to help fix it. No, I need to. I know you think she’s evil and I know you’ve seen some of that. But I think she actually likes you. Listen—”
Wiskeria recoiled before Ryoka could finish. She stared at Ryoka, and then her eyes narrowed. She tugged at her hat, looking angry.
“What? You don’t know how I grew up. Don’t you dare assume that you do! Do you think I was watching her sacrifice people and thinking it was normal? No! I only found out what she did when I was older, and that was because I asked. She never killed anyone in front of me. Never!”
“What? But I thought—”
“The worst she did was terrify a village after they ran us out and burned one of her creations! I know what my mother is, and I’ve seen what she can do! I haven’t seen her do worse, but I know her. And she’s more complicated than a monster who randomly kills people! She doesn’t change! That’s why I hate her! And it’s my business how I deal with my m—with Belavierr! If she’s angry, good! That’s a welcome change! Just stay out of her way and I’ll handle it!”
Wiskeria turned and stormed off. Ryoka, mouth gaping in protest, tried to call her back. But she couldn’t. She looked around as Alevica laughed. Then Mavika, sitting at the table, spoke. Or rather, the crow on her shoulder did.
“Arrogance.”
It spoke the word, disturbingly coherent. Ryoka stared at it. The crow stared at her with one huge eye. And Mavika looked up.
“Arrogance. What a strange, arrogant girl you are.”
“I’m arrogant?”
Ryoka’s mouth still hurt. She glared at Mavika. Until she recalled Wiskeria’s warnings about the [Witch] and quailed. Mavika’s gaze was direct. She gestured at Ryoka. Then at Wiskeria.
“Yes. Look at what you do. And what you say. You think you stand at the center of your story. But this is not yours. Witch Belavierr is not yours to change. Her life will not bend for you in a day. Nor will Witch Wiskeria’s. This is not your story, wind’s child. Nor mine. You meddle where you have no knowledge of the past. Arrogance. Do not meddle in [Witch]’s affairs.”
She stood up and walked off. Ryoka watched as Mavika followed Wiskeria, the raven flapping its wings. Still staring at her. Alevica leaned back, putting her feet on the table. She grinned at Ryoka.
“Remember that favor. Because I will.”
Ryoka looked at her. And then around. She shuddered. And then she saw Nesor hurrying towards her, waving a bit of parchment.
“Miss Griffin! Miss Griffin! There’s a message for you! A [Fence]! He’s dead! It—”
“The [Fence]? In Filk?”
And Ryoka heard of the dead Ratwhisperer, her mouth and nose sewn shut. And her own mouth throbbed and burned. To her credit, even Alevica looked uneasy.
“Don’t let your [Opener] friend talk about Belavierr, Griffin. That’s a curse Belavierr’s used. And I don’t think many people could dodge that. Even if they’re [Mages].”
Ryoka agreed. She looked at Nesor and sent a swift reply.
 
Everything’s fine. She’s dangerous, but I think it’s safe for us. I’ll be here a bit longer. Don’t cross her, Fierre. And don’t worry about me. I have to do this. Thanks for the help.
 
