6.43 E
Page 36
“Well, looks like Hedag’s got another follower. I can’t fault her for being popular. Although you know she has a bigger bounty than mine.”
“Really?”
Ryoka looked up. Alevica grinned as she summoned her broomstick.
“Of course. Do you think villages are happy to see her? She’s not just some amazing crusader who stops wife-beaters, Ryoka. She’s left dead in the villages she passes. People who won’t change. Or who committed old crimes. She’s an [Executioner]. She’s got a bounty. Only about three hundred gold pieces. Poor folk can’t afford more. But think about that. Wipe the awe out of your eyes, Ryoka. If Hedag judges someone, she’ll kill them. Her law doesn’t bend.”
Before Ryoka could reply, the [Witch] flew off, laughing merrily. Ryoka clenched her fists and looked at Wiskeria. The other [Witch] shrugged, a bit embarrassed.
“She’s right, you know, Ryoka. Hedag’s just a good [Witch] with good principles. But it’s—”
“Selfish. I get it.”
She was biased, Ryoka realized. But she couldn’t help it. Wiskeria eyed Ryoka’s expression, but she didn’t say anything. The two stared at each other in silence. Their previous argument still hung in the air.
“Look, I just want to help—”
“It’s my business.”
“I know I don’t understand. But will you explain it to me? This is bigger than just you and Belavierr. There’s a [Witch Hunter], and Fierre was telling me about Belavierr’s past—”
Wiskeria’s eyes flashed.
“I know that. But I know my mother. She won’t do anything while I’m here.”
“What about in general? What about her deal with Laken? And about her not hurting anyone— do you remember that she sewed my lips shut?”
“Maybe because you annoyed her. You have to admit, it’s tempting sometimes. Has no one ever told you that you’re both persistent and stubborn? [Witches] don’t like to be bothered.”
The two glared at each other. They didn’t look away as the wind blew straight into Wiskeria’s face and Ryoka felt a stinging pain in her eyes. Only a quavering, timid voice interrupted the staring contest.
“Please don’t fight. You two are friends, aren’t you?”
Both Ryoka and Wiskeria paused. They turned and saw a young [Witch]. They’d completely forgotten about Nanette. The youngest [Witch] looked wide-eyed at the young women. Abashed, both sat back. Miss Califor, who had been silently eating at the table, cleared her throat.
“Nannette.”
“Yes, Miss Califor?”
The [Witch] broke off eating a jam-covered biscuit that Eloise had made. Ryoka waited for a grain of wisdom from Miss Califor. The [Witch] paused, eying her and Wiskeria.
“You have jam on your face, Nanette. Eat more carefully.”
Ryoka blinked. Nanette felt at her face and squeaked. Miss Califor produced a handkerchief and cleaned the jam off Nanette’s cheek. Wiskeria and Ryoka stared at her, and then settled back for a more amiable conversation.
Califor was another mystery, although she just felt more like a teacher than anything else to Ryoka. A good one, but she was focused on Nanette almost to the point of exclusion. Teaching the girl everything from how to bake to casting spells was Califor’s obsession and craft, it seemed. And cleaning jam off Nanette’s face.
Even so, it wasn’t a completely harmonious relationship. Nanette was a growing girl, and sometimes it seemed like Califor’s mentorship chafed at her. On the other hand…Ryoka also saw that she respected Miss Califor and hung on the woman’s words. Nanette always had a truism of Califor’s to repeat. And she valued the older [Witch]’s approval more than anything else.
