6.43 E
Page 3
“Uh. Morning. Want some nuts? Charlay’s got oats if you’re interested.”
Wiskeria blinked as Ryoka offered her the travel rations. The comment Ryoka made was incredibly stupid. But it helped break the gravitas of the day. Durene snorted a bit, and Charlay eyed Ryoka.
“I thought you hated my oats.”
“I did. Maybe Wiskeria’s allergic to nuts, though.”
“Um. Thanks.”
The [Witch] slowly got up. She faced Ryoka. The City Runner gave her a half-smile.
“Shall we?”
 
—-
 
The strange mood filled the village. Not exactly horror, not in the light of the day. And not grieving; no one had died. But a strange, quiet mood. Like that after some huge tragedy too large to encompass. Unease, that was it. Ryoka looked at the quiet faces, the way no one, not even children, made loud sounds.
As if it were against the rules. As if they were all dreaming. But in time, people began waking up. Someone made a loud sound as she slapped two pots together and everyone jumped. Someone else made an inane joke about oats and Humans and no one laughed, but the world became normal. Ryoka and Charlay gave each other high-fives and Chimmy was able to run up. And like that, Riverfarm became normal.
And Ryoka realized she was actually hungry for food instead of a handful of nuts and fruit. She joined the queue in front of one of the cooking halls, where food was being passed out. Today’s was, almost predictably, a stew. They were easy to make, but someone—Prost—had decided to let the [Cooks] add a generous helping of lard and some of the meat as well as some really nice bread.
It wasn’t quite as well-risen as something from Ryoka’s world—she blamed a lack of baking powder—but it was just as tasty. And hot! She ate greedily and found Charlay stuffing her face as well.
“Charlay, can you eat meat?”
“Don’t be racist, Ryoka. Of course I can. But I don’t eat too much; it goes straight to my lower belly.”
Ryoka eyed the Centauress’ lower half. She couldn’t argue with that. She saw people standing around, talking, until men and women began walking through the crowd with authority, shouting.
“Alright! Enough time stuffing faces! We need to get those fields tilled, or do you think our seeds will sprout in fresh air? [Farmers], with me! You new folk, anyone who’s got a farming class, come with me until Prost sorts you out!”
“Building team! Muster up!”
“Ladies and children, we’ll be setting up those drying racks. And washing clothes and seeing to the rest of our tasks! It’s a fine day to dry what needs drying, so we will be cleaning and letting the air do our work—”
Ryoka had another reason to admire Prost, then. The unsure crowd began to move with a purpose. From her seat, she watched a group of [Farmers] get up. Her hermit-friend, the spear fisher, was good-naturedly hefting his spear and arguing with Beycalt, who was clearly not about to let him wander off and pursue his passion and calling. A group of farmers, including Mister Ram, trooped past Ryoka, groaning.
“We’re going to have to water the fields, aren’t we? It’s too damn bright and we need rain! At least the river’s nearby.”
“Stop complaining. We’ve any number of hands and the river’s close by. And some of us have [Water-Retaining Soil]. But would you rather wait for rain, with nary a cloud in sight?”
“It’ll be half a day of watering! We’ll have to do it all by hand!”
“Well, you were complaining about the rain right before this. Make up your mind, man!”
One of the female [Farmers] slapped a man on the back. He groaned.
“Can’t [Witches] conjure rain?”
