6.43 E
Page 23
Belavierr’s eyes were very bright. Ryoka took a step back. But then she gritted her teeth. She had bargained with a Dragon. She looked at Belavierr. Try. If she didn’t respect Ryoka, acknowledge her, there was nothing Ryoka could do.
“Witch Belavierr, I can help. Listen, about Wiskeria not liking you—”
Belavierr moved. Ryoka blinked. She tried to continue, say something. But her lips were glued together. She looked down, but she couldn’t feel anything. But then she felt pain. And she raised her fingers to her mouth and felt something thin and hard.
Stitches.
“—!”
The scream was muffled. Ryoka’s lips were sewn so tightly together than she couldn’t even move them. And the pain—it had been so fast—but Belavierr was standing in front of Ryoka. And in one hand she held a bloody needle.
She’d sewn Ryoka’s lips shut.
Ryoka tried to scream. The needle had gone through her lips! It had been so fast—but now she felt the pain and gathering blood from the places where the needle had pierced her skin. She stumbled back, clawing frantically at her mouth, and then her belt.
Blood was dripping into her mouth from the perforations. And the thread—Ryoka desperately sawed at it with a knife. It didn’t break. Not even when she cut hard.
Belavierr watched it all impassively. Ryoka was breathing desperately through her nose. Her eyes were wide, her mouth filling with blood. She tried to open her mouth a crack and the thread pulled at the holes in her lips. She screamed again, muffled.
The [Witch] bent. She met Ryoka’s eyes. The City Runner stared up at her. Belavierr’s whisper echoed.
“Leave me.”
Ryoka ran for it.
 
—-
 
The coven of three [Witches] was Alevica, Mavika, and Wiskeria. They were cheering up Wiskeria. Or just entertaining her presence. Either way, they were first to see Ryoka running towards them. Blood was tricking from Ryoka’s mouth. The red thread—even Mavika paused.
“Dead gods! What happened Ryoka—”
Wiskeria caught herself as she shot up. She stared at Ryoka, and then cursed.
“Belavierr.”
“Wow.”
Alevica blinked. Mavika stared at Ryoka as the Runner frantically gestured at her face. The [Witch] peered at the red stitches. The bloody holes. She nodded to herself.
“You must have truly angered her. She’s put a small working on the thread. You won’t be able to cut it without a magical blade. A decent one. It is not my craft. A pity; you should not have scorned Belavierr’s wrath.”
“Mavika!”
Wiskeria snapped at the other [Witch]. She looked at Wiskeria.
“I’ll find my mother and have her undo it. Just wait—”
“What? Now? She’s peeved at you already, Wis. And Ryoka must have annoyed her. She might sew Griffin’s eyes shut if you word it wrong. Here. Don’t bother. I’ll do it.”
Alevica stood up, yawning and stretching. She walked over to Ryoka. The City Runner was waving her hands and making small sounds. Alevica saw why and winced.
“Ouch. Those are pulling your flesh. That has to hurt. Well, I can cut it. I think. Give me a second.”
She pulled a knife from her belt. Then she clenched her shortsword.
“Hm. Better steel in the knife. Alright. Here goes. Ryoka, don’t move or squirm. I might slice a lip off.”
So saying, she laid the knife on her arm. Ryoka watched, trying not to choke on the blood running from her wounds. She was half-mad with needing to open her mouth, the shock—but she still stiffened as Alevica chanted, her voice harsh, but triumphant.
“Grudge, fester. Knife, cut. Anger, grow. Envy grate. Slice sharper. Prick harder. Hate. And the honed edge—make.”
