6.43 E
Page 0

(Volume 2 of The Wandering Inn is available on Amazon! If you can, please leave a review or tell people it’s out! Buying is not necessarily necessary. Thanks so much for the support!)
 
Day 60 – Ryoka
 
“She knows it’s not alive.”
Wiskeria spoke softly. Her eyes were shadowed by her pointed hat. Her face pale. She stood in the light, a flickering candle’s illumination in a lantern aided by the embers in a fireplace. They cast long, dancing shadows. But no one was suggesting using the [Light] spell. The silent gathering did not want to see magic.
“She knows it’s fake? You’re sure?”
Prost leaned over the table. The former [Farmer]’s face was pale. He had fought Goblins, lived for decades in Riverfarm. But this had shaken him. Wiskeria looked up. Her yellow-green eyes reflected the lantern’s light. She nodded once.
“She has to. I know the deal she took. At least, in part. It would be hard, very hard, to make something that fooled her against her will. Too much work. Moreover, what would be the point?”
“To trick her?”
Lady Rie sat at the table, flanked by her bodyguard, Geram, and Nesor. She looked up, but the young [Mage] was silent. This magic was beyond him. Wiskeria, the sole [Witch] in the room, shook her head.
“It didn’t feel like that. I can see her magic. My…mother’s. I can’t see all of it. But it looks fair.”
“Fair?”
The word was incredulity. It came from more than one person. Charlay. Durene. Not Ryoka. But from others. Wiskeria tugged her hat lower, hiding her eyes.
“Yes. In a sense. It was fair in that Rehanna gave something and she got something. That…doll is casting a spell on her. It looks like a baby. If you let it, it would probably seem like a baby to you.”
“Why don’t we see it that way, then?”
Wiskeria shook her head.
“Because you don’t want to, Lady Rie. You don’t want to. The magic works on you if you’re willing. Like I said, it’s an easier illusion. But Rehanna wants the doll to be her son. So it is. That’s the nature of the deal. The baby—the doll is hers. And my mother has what she wants.”
And what was that? The listeners exchanged silent looks. In truth, they didn’t need Wiskeria to say. They had seen Rehanna. The woman was aged. In a single day, she had developed grey in her hair. Her body was older. And all of the vitriol, the anger and hatred she had had towards Wiskeria, towards Riverfarm and Laken and the world, all of it was gone.
“So. Is it a threat?”
“No. It’s just a baby. It can’t do anything other than cry.”
“Can it eat? Will it grow?”
The words made Prost’s heart jump. They came from Ryoka. And they were the first she’d uttered since the emergency meeting had been convened. Wiskeria glanced up at the City Runner.
“No. It’s not alive. Not like a String Person. It’s just well-sewn.”
Ryoka nodded. The others relaxed. Durene shook her head and then coughed. She was still weak. Woozy, in fact. The healing burns were still fresh; her body still smelled of smoke. Come to that, Wiskeria was wearing a borrowed tunic and leggings. She’d been literally naked but for a cloak less than ten minutes ago. Ryoka shook her head wearily, feeling her sore feet and tired body from a day of exercise. She hadn’t slept since yesterday morning.
It was late. So late, the sun was rising into the next day, casting long shadows out of the night. But no one was abed, or even thought of it. Tired as she was, Ryoka feared sleep. She feared the sight of that infant, the piercing, familiar wail. But it was not alive. She shivered with fear. But at least she had seen things more terrible.
