6.43 E
Page 11
“I went to see Rehanna.”
Durene looked up, missed her potato and brought the blade down on her fingers. Ryoka stared again. Abashed, Durene cleared her throat.
“Oh. Is she—”
“She’s okay. Actually, she’s pretty good. She was asking for work to do, so I…got her a job sewing. She’s a [Seamstress], you know.”
“I didn’t.”
“Well, she’s making clothes. For the…baby.”
“The doll?”
“Her baby. And she’s going to make more for infants and newborns. Which is a good idea, to be honest. They need special clothing. So I got her what she needed.”
“Huh. That’s sort of ironic, her being a [Seamstress] and Belavierr—”
“Yes.”
Silence. Durene kept cutting, although it seemed like Ryoka was edging her hands away from Durene’s knife. After a bit, Ryoka continued.
“So. My world. Has Laken told you about modern medicine?”
“A bit. Just like…you can reattach hands. Or make these medicines—drugs—which aren’t potions, but can cure all kinds of things. But you don’t have potions, so you’re behind in a lot of ways.”
The comment made Ryoka smile, just like it had Laken. She put a few potato slices in the pan as Durene got some firewood out for her stone stove.
“Hm. Yeah, I suppose you could say that. But has he talked about how we deal with sickness other than uh, physical?”
“No…”
Ryoka nodded. She watched as Durene began to strike her flint and tinder on the kindling. She crouched, absently.
“I was thinking about the deal Rehanna made. And the effects.”
“She looks older. Is she going to die soon?”
“What? No. I think she’s about…fifty. And she was in her thirties, maybe. Maybe she’s lost more time, but she should have anywhere from a decade to fifty more years. But she will die earlier.”
“Yeah.”
“Even so. Was it a good deal?”
Durene paused as she put her milk and cheese-covered scallops over the growing fire.
“What? That doll’s awful! Did you see it?”
Ryoka met her eyes and nodded.
“Yes. I did. And that’s why I’m thinking. Uh, your hand’s in the fire, by the way.”
“Oops.”
Durene put the pan over the hot fire. She’d have to watch the scallops to make sure the part over the fire didn’t get too hot and burn. She tended to her dish as Ryoka went on.
“We don’t make things like that…doll. But we do prescribe medication for ill people. There are a lot of parallels between what we do in my world and what the [Witches] do. I think that’s what Eloise does, in a way. She’s a therapist. And a pharmacist if her teas are magical.”
“I have no idea what those are. Are they like [Doctors]? Laken says your world has [Doctors] instead of [Healers].”
“Specialized [Doctors], yeah. But that’s my point. Belavierr—she’s a different sort. She took Rehanna’s life, yes. And her hate. But she gave her…in my world, we have medicines that really change you. Even our painkillers just…take away pain. Morphine. And we prescribe medicine for depression. Not for loss—unless we diagnose it as needing treatment. But medicine, therapy—magic’s different, yet similar, right?”
Durene didn’t know where Ryoka was going with this. But she nodded as she watched the fire, and Ryoka out of the corner of her eye. The young woman was pacing.
“You could argue that Belavierr’s just a—a—she’s giving Rehanna a vision of her baby. Is there anything wrong with that?”
“Yep. It’s not real.”
“No—that’s not the problem, Durene. It’s what Rehanna paid. She gave up part of her life. That’s the real problem. Otherwise, what’s the problem with the baby if it had been given freely?”
