6.43 E
Page 16
Wiskeria didn’t know where her mother was. Or if she even had a house to sleep in. Wiskeria doubted it. But she didn’t need to ask. All she had to do was lift her hat off her head and toss it.
It was a dark blue hat. Not as dark as Belavierr’s own clothing, which could be black if you had no eye for the color. But dark blue. A simple hat, meant for a [Witch], with minimal flair. And that was what Wiskeria had wanted. But the hands that had sewn it had not been simple. They had mimicked unoriginality so well that sometimes Wiskeria forgot.
But the [Fireball] that had nearly killed her had reminded her. Where her clothes had burnt away to protect her as part of Belavierr’s charm, the hat had remained. It hadn’t even been knocked off her head.
And it had one other trick. One other element, besides the fact that it had grown with Wiskeria since she was six to always fit her head. A long time ago, a humble [Stitch Witch] who worked in a no-name village in Terandria as small as Riverfarm had sewn something for her daughter. For the tearful child who was afraid of being lost and not finding her mother, who could be forgetful. And ever since that day, Wiskeria had never been lost again.
So for the first time in eight years, Wiskeria lifted her hat and tossed it up. And the hat flew. It caught a breeze and Wiskeria cursed and chased after it as it was blown across the street. She ran after it, her replacement robe catching the same dry wind.
The hat tumbled down onto the street and around a corner. And Wiskeria ran after it, her legs burning, cursing as the hat eluded her time and time again, blown by the infuriating breeze. At last it stopped and the [Witch] snatched at it, picked it up, and glared at it. And then she put it on her head and looked around.
The street was gone. So was Riverfarm. Wiskeria’s legs hurt, and she was breathless. She realized—in that way memory has of catching up—that she’d been running for seventeen minutes, almost. Quite some distance. But she was where she needed to be, because here was a slight hill. Beyond it, the two moons rose, one waxing, the other waning. And sitting under the tree, her wide hat lowered, her knees partially stretched out, was Belavierr.
Wiskeria caught her breath as she saw her mother. Belavierr’s clothing was dark as the night. Her head bowed. Her huge hat covered all but the bottom of her face. But one hand was extended. It held something. And the midnight stallion, a giant of his kind, bent and ate from the palm.
Even this was uncanny. Because the stallion made no sound. Nor was what he ate food. Wiskeria was almost certain he was the same horse that had used to carry her about. The same one that had never bothered when she’d pulled at his ears, and had carried her and her mother about the village. And hadn’t it been a surprise when Wiskeria had ridden her first horse who objected to ear-pulling instead of taking it as a sign of affection?
But this one was dark. Larger than the horse in her memory as a child. But her mother could have altered him. Wiskeria was almost positive the horse was a thing of cloth. Or if it had been alive, she had stitched him together. He didn’t look up as Wiskeria walked forwards. Nor did Belavierr. Few things could attract Belavierr’s attention.
