6.43 E
Page 41
Her hands were suddenly gripping Wiskeria hard enough to bruise. The [Witch], alarmed, tried to pull away. But Ryoka was staring at her. And the [Witch] felt it from her. The strongest emotion she’d ever sense from Ryoka.
The desperate longing. Hope. She stammered as Ryoka asked—practically shouted questions. Ryoka let go and stood up.
“They’re here. Laken can summon them? Or—they have ties to this place?”
Her eyes flickered. She reached into a belt pouch and grasped something. Wiskeria, coughing, saw Ryoka murmuring to herself.
“Maybe a ritual? A faerie mound? No. The Summer Solstice. If it’s here—”
She turned. And Wiskeria felt a surge of hope and desperation bordering on madness. She coughed.
“Ryoka.”
“I’m going.”
Absently, Ryoka walked off. Wiskeria tried to go after her. But Ryoka ran off. The City Runner was filled with maddening thoughts. Hopes. A single one. And suddenly, she had every reason to talk to Laken.
But before that, came her. Belavierr stood alone far outside the village. She looked annoyed. Angry. She turned and her eyes fixed Ryoka. The City Runner slowed.
“Begone.”
Ryoka hesitated. She was afraid. But she clutched the bit of frozen ice. And it gave her strength. A hot wind blew around her. And she raised her voice.
“Hi. I’m Ryoka Griffin. A friend of Wiskeria’s, or at least, I hope.”
Belavierr paused. She stared at Ryoka, fingers twisted as if to do something. Ryoka went on, speaking clearly, meeting the [Witch]’s eyes.
“She isn’t certain you love her, you know. And you drive her away every time you steal yourself.”
The [Witch] said nothing. Ryoka went on, trying to speak from the heart.
“You have to change. So does she. But neither of you can do it alone. And the other can’t do it without you trying. That’s all I have to say. And if I can help you two, I will. Please don’t kill me.”
Belavierr stared at Ryoka. The City Runner braced. After a second, Belavierr lifted a finger. She pointed up. Ryoka felt her clothes move.
“Wait—wait! I only—”
Belavierr ignored her. She stared at Ryoka. She flicked her fingers, and the clothes hurled Ryoka through the air.
About four hundred feet away, Mister Ram and some [Farmers] were working the fields, grumbling about dry soil. They looked up as they saw a big shape flying towards them. Ram stared up and swore as he heard a screaming voice.
“Ohgodohgodohgod—”
Ryoka didn’t die when she hit the river. Her fall wasn’t at terminal velocity. But she still sank to the bottom and swam out, gasping at the cold shock. She looked around wildly as Ram and everyone who’d seen her flying rushed over. Ryoka clambered out as Ram reached for her.
“Dead gods! Miss Griffin! What happened?”
“Belavierr.”
Someone uttered it like a curse. But Ryoka just nodded. She stared at a distant figure. Belavierr was still standing there. Ryoka felt at her wet body. Then she crawled onto the bank and lay on the grass. She looked up at Ram, wide-eyed.
“I’m not dead. That probably means progress.”
He stared at her and she smiled. Then put her head down on the grass and passed out.
 
 
Day 65 – Ryoka
 
Waking. Explaining what had happened to Prost. Talking with Wiskeria, who marched off to shout at her mother. Sleeping and waking in a cold sweat. The next day, Ryoka still shuddered. But she thought she’d made progress. She still wasn’t sure if the wind had saved her, blowing her into the river, or if Belavierr had aimed for that.
