6.43 E
Page 13
“If you could be happy whenever you wanted, Durene, would you give up ten minutes of your lifespan? If the answer’s yes, isn’t giving up more for less or anything else just…haggling? Do we have a right to condemn Rehanna for her decision to choose happiness? If she were permanently sick and decided to trade half her lifespan for being well for the rest of her shorter life, would we fault her? Can we blame her for wanting to see her child again? What right do we have to choose for her? Or judge her?”
They stared at her, Centaur, half-Troll, [Witch], Mossbear, and blue bird. Charlay silently opened the door and trotted out.
“Bathroom! Tell me when she’s normal.”
“I don’t think there are good answers, Ryoka. Nice potatoes, Durene. But I know that I can’t forgive my mother for what she does. Maybe Rehanna’s happy. But my mother still stole her life.”
Wiskeria answered as she sat down quietly. Ryoka glanced at her. And then she sat down too, across from Wiskeria. She shook her head and Durene closed the door in Bismarck’s face.
“Your mother preyed on Rehanna in a moment of weakness, Wiskeria. That’s true. But she also gave Rehanna something. If she asked for one year, could you live with that?”
Wiskeria clenched a fork in one hand. She looked up and spoke slowly.
“You don’t know what she does. This is the least of what she’s capable of.”
She stared at Ryoka, her eyes flashing. The City Runner did not look away.
“Then why do you not condemn her? Because you’re her daughter? You try to stop her. But have you tried changing her? Talking to her?”
“Yes! Of course I have! And it doesn’t work! Why do you think I haven’t talked to her in years? Do you think I enjoy knowing what she does? What she is? But I can’t stop her! No one can! Not Mavika, not Califor—no one!”
Wiskeria slammed one hand on the table. Durene nervously tried to put a plate down.
“Um—let’s have some potatoes, everyone. Ryoka, we can talk about this later—”
“Wiskeria. Does she know you object to what she does? Because Belavierr doesn’t seem like she understands that. Have you ever said how you feel to her face? Wiskeria. Have you talked to Rehanna?”
The Asian girl waited, seated at the table as the steaming scallops grew colder. Wiskeria’s glare could have burnt them to a crisp. The door cracked open and Charlay peeked in.
“Um. Everything okay?”
“Yes.”
Ryoka and Wiskeria glared at the Centauress. Durene decided to start ladling food out before someone threw a dish.
The dinner was silent. Wiskeria, not exactly happy beforehand, looked angry and distraught. Ryoka was still thinking. Twice she tried to keep talking and Durene interjected with a loud joke, or Charlay decided to regale everyone with one of her famous runs. Wiskeria and Ryoka just stared at each other.
It wasn’t even as if Ryoka had been angry at Wiskeria. But—who was right and who was wrong? As Durene let Frostwing and Bismarck finish off the scraps of scallops, the half-Troll girl had to think that was Ryoka summed up. Someone had to be right and wrong. And Ryoka was thinking about Rehanna. She had visited her. Where the others shuddered and drew away, Ryoka looked at the crying child made of cloth. And at Belavierr. And she did not draw away.
That night, Durene was exhausted. She still hadn’t caught up on sleep since the…baby. So she retired early, and everyone was tired enough to join her. Wiskeria left the cottage, and Ryoka and Charlay bedded down with Durene.
