6.43 E
Page 20
Belavierr stood stock still. She didn’t move. But her eyes were wide, wider than Wiskeria could ever remember. And she looked—Wiskeria would have rejoiced if it didn’t hurt. She turned away.
“I’m sorry. But I hate that I’m your daughter. And if I could stop you, I would. If I can, I will.”
She reached for her side as she stumbled away, back towards the quiet village far from the hill. And she turned, with wand in hand. Wiskeria’s hand shook as she pointed it at Belavierr. But that was all. She couldn’t, so she lowered it and turned. She walked, then ran away. Leaving her mother standing on the hill.
If Wiskeria had looked back, she would have seen no horse. Nothing, save for her mother, standing stock still. Staring at her back. As still as a statue. But there was nothing blank, nothing timeless about Belavierr’s stare. She watched her daughter disappear. And then Belavierr blinked.
“What?”
And after a moment she touched herself, two fingers on one hand touching her cheek. Belavierr’s voice was…hesitant.
“Me?”
 
 
Day 61 – Ryoka
 
Ryoka had no idea how everyone else had fared last night. She herself had been up, far, far later than she would have liked, trying to figure out whether what had happened to Rehanna was…but when she woke up, she felt a certain schadenfreude in seeing that Wiskeria looked as tired as she did.
Everyone else was more rested, purely by virtue of being so tired that they’d slept like rocks. And that had the secondary effect of giving them the time and energy to process Rehanna’s deal with Belavierr. The result? When Ryoka, Charlay, Durene, and Wiskeria went into Riverfarm, they found the mood in the town was distinctly changed.
Towards the [Witches]. No one had forgotten yesterday of course. But now—people were visiting Rehanna. They were talking, not just numbly shocked. And they had heard Laken’s pronouncement, seen Belavierr’s uncaring face. You could find that unsettling—or you could hate the impassive look.
That is who she is. Eloise’s words were another double-edged sword. Belavierr’s actions reflected on the others as well. If that was who she was, what were the other [Witches]? They all occupied their own bubbles of space that day. Even Eloise; few people stopped to have tea with her, and then quickly, furtively.
You could feel it in the air. A word unspoken. It wasn’t about classes, but a superstition across worlds. A word. Condemnation. Fear and loathing.
Witch.
However, what it changed was actually very little. The eight [Witches], even Wiskeria, went about their business as usual. Despite the lack of visitors, Eloise brewed her tea and chatted with anyone who wanted to talk. Hedag spoke to children and occasionally some parents, laughing when no one was about. Alevica went flying, ignoring the muttering. Mavika sat on a rooftop while her flock patrolled the fields for an hour, then she vanished. Califor and Nanette took their lessons—none of the [Witches] reacted to the hostile looks.
It was something Ryoka didn’t know about [Witches], but which she should have understood. A fundamental quality of their natures and class. When they were pushed, [Witches] did not give in or change. They doubled down.
And that went for more than just outside hostility. Because the most notable thing Ryoka saw that day was at midmorning. She saw Wiskeria striding down the street, looking peeved. But that was one thing. Seeing Belavierr following her daughter, matching Wiskeria’s two strides for every one of hers made Ryoka choke on her lunch. Wiskeria glared up at her mother.
