6.44 E
Page 37
“The charm was woven from heartstring and bowstring and the string of the noose. His daughter will receive it, and it will protect her from sickness and harm. It will be cursed with a traitor’s sins. But blessed by a father’s love. She will live a hundred years longer and her gifts will overflow until the day of her death.”
She paused.
“And now, my death, you will no longer find me.”
She turned. Raim uttered a wordless cry. Behind him, Talia raised her sword.
“The Order of Seasons will hunt you down! We know your weakness, Belavierr! We know your daughter—”
She wavered as Belavierr turned back. The Stitch Witch stared down at Talia. At the orb from which Knight-Commander Calirn and the Grandmasters of the Order of Season stared. And her eyes widened.
“My daughter. You would use her against me? Very well. Try. For if I am chased, I will flee. If my daughter is held, I will find who takes her and kill them. If she dies killed, I will find who slew her. And they will never die.”
She pointed down at Talia. At the Order, as the body swung behind her. Belavierr’s words echoed and shook the air.
“If the Order of Seasons kills my daughter, I will break their stronghold and slay their families one by one. I will kill their sons and daughters generation upon generation and bring ruin to their lands. I will disappear and bring ruin to Terandria if it takes me all of eternity. I vow the same to anyone who would harm her.”
No one present could meet her eyes but Ser Raim. Knight-Commander Calirn spoke hoarsely.
“This will not go unpunished, Belavierr.”
“Unpunished. Then tell me, little [Knight].”
Belavierr stepped down the hill. Her eyes fixed on Calirn’s. She spread her arms.
“Are we enemies? I have never considered the Order of Seasons my foes. If we are, let there be war and ruin. Until my final hour, I will hound your Order from the shadows and by my craft. Do you wish it, [Knight]? If you wish it, I will show you how I treat my enemies.”
Calirn looked at her. Ser Raim was gathering himself.
“Ser Raim. Can you end it?”
“I cannot follow her if she flees.”
“Her daughter.”
Belavierr waited. Calirn hesitated. He looked at the young [Witch]. And felt his oaths holding his tongue. From the skies, he heard a ringing voice. And he saw them flying down upon his order. The Griffin Queen screamed.
“Stay your [Knights], Knight-Commander! Or I will bring war to the Order of Seasons!”
“Queen Novakya! We can end Belavierr!”
The Winter’s Watcher called from his position on the battlements. The rest of the order stood within, encased by stone and magic. Novakya landed her Griffin. Her eyes blazed as she lowered the lance.
“If she dies, my son, the Griffin Prince, dies.”
“He is one life. She can be killed. The Spider can be ended once and for all! Your son might survive her death! Is one life not worth risking?”
“He is my son. That is your answer.”
“So be it.”
The Winter’s Watcher drew his sword. Griffons fell, striking at the Order’s stronghold. Calirn felt cold. It was all coming together. He spoke a hoarse word.
“Ser Raim. The Order does not call Belavierr our enemy this day. We will not risk it. Nor can we hold the Stitch Witch’s daughter responsible for her crimes.”
“Knight-Commander. I understand.”
The [Summer Knight]’s voice was very distant. He looked at Belavierr. And she waited. Ser Raim slowly raised his greatsword.
“Belavierr. I am a [Summer Knight] of my Order no longer. But for what you have wrought. Then and now—! You will not flee. Stand. Or I will forswear myself as Gaile did.”
“You swore an oath.”
Raim nodded.
