6.44 E
Page 29
He bowed his head. And he spoke to Gaile.
“Your death will not be in vain, Gaile. I swear, I will bring her down.”
Then he straightened and staggered. Hands reached for him. Durene’s. Talia’s. Raim caught himself and shook his head.
“I’m fine. Just exhausted.”
“You’ve burnt your life away. The backlash will continue. The Summer’s Champion and your Season agrees—you must rest before doing battle again.”
A voice spoke from a glowing orb to the side. Ser Raim turned and Ryoka saw a man dressed like winter in the glass. Ser Raim nodded once.
“I understand, Knight-Commander. But Belavierr is assailing our position.”
“Let your brethren handle it, Ser Raim. Rest. You must end Belavierr. And soon. If you lack the strength.”
“No. I have at least twenty more years to burn. So long as we can find her, she will not escape the second time.”
Ser Raim sat. And Ryoka, drawing forwards, saw how he had changed. He was aged. He might have been in his thirties before the battle. But now—his hair was grey. His body was still hale, but now it was lined, as was his face. Ryoka saw him sitting up, brushing off one of the other [Knight] trying to treat him.
Thirty years. It looked like he had burned thirty years away in less than thirty minutes. The man in the orb, the Knight-Commander, spoke directly.
“If you should fall—”
“I will not. I will cut away the last of Belavierr’s protections. I saw them, Knight-Commander. A dark web. I will lead the other [Hunters] against her. They have the means to end her. Together, we can defeat her.”
“Bring the reinforcements we have sent you. They will hold tonight, but at least the [Summer Knights] would be able to give battle on the morrow. They stand ready to aid you, Ser Raim. With their aid, you may still keep a decade or two—”
“No.”
Ser Raim’s voice was flat. He looked up, and his gaze still burned.
“If I sought to live, Knight-Commander, I would not have volunteered to hunt Belavierr. I will end her tomorrow even if I must burn away. All the [Hunters] and I are resolute. My brethren may battle the Stitch Witch’s minions, but we must end her. They are not specialized for combat against her, and none bear magical weapons.”
“Ser Raim! I am a [Summer Knight] like you. I may not be able to conjure your fire, but I can enchant my weapon to flame, plain steel or not!”
Talia protested. The other [Witch Hunters] snorted as they looked up from their quiet preparations. Ser Raim shook his head.
“Dame Talia, you misunderstand. It is not about fire. It is about piercing Belavierr’s defenses. I have cut half away. But she is still half-immortal. While she is such, every blow we deal her is useless. The [Witch Hunters] with me can cut her threads, and I will burn the rest. But if you stand against her without the right precautions, she would turn you into a puppet and use you against us.”
“I—”
“Dame Talia, enough.”
Talia bit her lip. Knight-Commander Calirn looked at Ser Raim. His eyes flickered past Raim.
“The Stitch Witch continues her attempts to stop us in Terandria. You are certain this…haven will stand?”
“Certain, Knight-Commander. The [Witch Hunters] employ it against enemies capable of magic. So long as the Order continues repelling the undead Belavierr is conjuring, we will be safe from her magic within these walls.”
“Can you bring the battle to her now? After a few hour’s rest?”
Ser Raim hesitated. It was one of the [Hunters] who shook her head. The woman was checking her arsenal of wands. She looked up and snapped a reply.
