6.44 E
Page 35
Different skillsets, both geared towards the same job. But she was a [Deepforest Huntress], adapted to hunting all kinds. He had one quarry. And his unrest bothered Sylind. What did Tagil sense? The [Hunter] shifted. After another break, he spoke again.
“The share of the bounty. Do you know what I’ll do with it?”
Sylind looked up from inspecting her magical arrows with a frown.
“It goes to your daughter, won’t it? If you’re worried, Tagil, we swore an oath. If you fall—the money will go to Gaile’s relatives. If she has any. Regardless. Even if we fail—it goes to your daughter. The Order of Seasons will make sure of that.”
Tagil didn’t say anything. Sylind paused.
“She’s sick, right? Not even the best [Healers] could cure her.”
“Yes. They can delay the sickness. But not cure it. She’s…tomorrow, if we bring Belavierr, that could change things. With the bounty I’ll earn, I could take her to the fabled Healer of Tenbault.”
Sylind nodded. Even if Tagil sold all of his gear, he might not have afforded her price. But Belavierr was worth more than gold. Wistram had promised treasures to the one who slew her. So had Roshal. The Order of Seasons, the Hunter’s Guild…she could respect Tagil’s motivations.
Then Sylind had a thought. She checked a stone set in her bracer, spoke casually.
“I know the Hunter’s Guild investigated this. But…was your daughter’s sickness magical? Did Belavierr curse her somehow? You’d never have been allowed on this team if so, obviously—”
Her hand lingered near her bow. Tagil didn’t seem to notice. But of course, he did. He paused.
“No. Her sickness isn’t magical. Or if it is, Belavierr had no hand in it. That I’m sure of.”
The stone flickered. Sylind sighed and relaxed. Abashed, she attached the bow to her back and spread her collection of magical arrows, on the floor, inspecting them.
“Sorry. Just jumpy.”
Tagil’s eyes flickered. He was silent for a long moment, and Sylind thought he had taken offense. But then he sighed. And he looked up at her.
“You’re right, Sylind. Belavierr never touched my family. But I met her once, before I volunteered to join this hunt. And she made me an offer then.”
Sylind froze. The bow dug against her holster. But now it was behind her. Tagil sat still. And his eyes locked on hers. The [Huntress] hesitated.
“You turned her down, of course.”
Tagil didn’t reply. His crossbows hung at his sides. Sylind’s heartbeat quickened. Her hand slowly crept forwards, towards her arrows. Tagil watched her. He spoke. Haltingly.
“My daughter is very sick, Sylind. Even if she’s cured, the sickness has worn her away. Even the Healer of Tenbault couldn’t cure that.”
“Tagil.”
“But a [Witch] can do more than any [Healer]. If the deal is fair. And you know Belavierr’s reputation.”
“Tagil. Don’t do this. You turned the offer down, didn’t you?”
Sylind’s hand paused. Tagil looked at her. And his eyes were full of grief. He shook his head slightly. Neither hunter moved.
“The offer was never for then, Sylind. It was for this moment.”
“You don’t have to do this.”
“I know.”
The [Huntress] paused. She stared at him. And he at her. Sylind bit her lip.
“Ta—”
He moved and she twisted, reaching for her bow—
The crossbow bolt struck her in the chest. Her protective charms exploded. Tagil lowered the crossbow and stared blankly at Sylind.
“I’m sorry.”
He got up and walked downstairs. Erashelle and Faigen looked up from where they sat. Faigen raised his hammer. He was treating it with a compound of silver dust. He frowned.
“Tagil, what was that s—”
