6.45 E
Page 18
“Do it, Jericha. Ullim, send work to Pellmia. Ask him about his [Witch]. Send word to each village that this [Witch] passed through. I will send an escort. I want them here tonight to testify to what occurred. And check whether Bethal, Pryde, Wuvren—any of their lands are affected by this weather.”
“Of course, Lord Veltras. And if they are not?”
Ullim held his breath as Tyrion turned his head. Lord Tyrion Veltras’ voice was quiet.
“If they are not, then I will consider Reinhart’s interference at Liscor and this latest an insult that demands my immediate attention. And I will call on every noble affected to bring that complaint to her.”
Outside, the rain drummed on the windows. But the lightning flash that would have really made the scene appropriate never came.
 
 
Day 68 – Alevica
 
Alevica, known as the Witch Runner, was bored. She’d been bored ever since she came to Riverfarm. Annoyed too; killing a few [Bandits] hadn’t been worth the effort. And but for one incident with that damned [Knight], Riverfarm had been as dull as could be. Although Alevica still remembered that burning figure with unease. But she would have gladly left to make some actual money if she could.
The problem was that she was a [Witch]. And even the most independent and solitary of [Witches] had to answer to their coven. And hers had sent her here. Along with a bunch of other ‘legends’ who weren’t much in person. Eloise was sweet, but faded. Hedag was fun, but hardly more than a drunk old woman with a strong right arm. Neither was a powerful [Witch] by Alevica’s standards. Wiskeria was weak, Nanette was just a kid.
Of course, then, Alevica had to grudgingly admit that Mavika was truly powerful. As was Califor. In fact, but for those two, and Alevica wouldn’t have come. But you didn’t cross either one lightly. Alevica might still have refused or left—but then there was Belavierr.
She scared the Witch Runner. And that was something Alevica would never admit out loud. But there it was. Belavierr was terrifying. Even after she’d been burnt, set on fire, shot full of arrows and been cut with a flaming greatsword—all that had done was make her Human again. She was still alive, and she’d just killed a man yesterday with a needle.
“A needle. She killed a man by throwing a needle at him. Who needs arrows when you can throw a few hundred of them? Huh?”
Alevica grinned around the dining room table where she was sitting, her chair rocked back and feet propped up. Half the [Witches] sitting around the table glanced up. No one answered. Califor spared a glare for Alevica’s feet, but said not a word. Discontented, Alevica folded her arms.
Old [Witches] and kids. This was why she hated most covens. Ryoka Griffin seemed fun at least, but she was always hanging about the older [Witches]. Alevica rocked back further in her chair, watching and listening.
Wiskeria was moaning to the coven. They’d all gathered save for Belavierr to comfort her and pat her tears away. Alevica rolled her eyes.
“I don’t understand how you can look the other way. Any of you. Didn’t you see the man she killed yesterday? What about Ser Raim?”
“We see. Some of us do not condone it, Witch Wiskeria. But we see and acknowledge it as Belavierr’s business. You have a right to speak of it by blood. But we are not Belavierr’s masters. She answers not to us. Would you have us rule her? That is not a coven’s function.”
