6.45 E
Page 26
Ryoka, Durene—all—I am searching for the [Witch Hunter] you described. I cannot find him. The [Witches] I can sense. Belavierr is…different. Not Human? I also sensed a Centauress? Ryoka’s friend Charlay? Among others? A number of non-Humans on my lands! I am closing in on Riverfarm. Do not kill the Goblins hiding in the forest, please. I will aid as best I can as soon as I get here. News about lack of rain troubles me. It is still raining where we are. Why? Circle of Thorns?
 
“So. Is this my death?”
Belavierr whispered into the silence that followed. Everyone stared at her. The Stitch Witch looked back. Wiskeria was still staring at her hands. She had been ever since Alevica had been saved. And her mother—Belavierr’s eyes flickered upwards. As if tracing a thread only she could see.
No one had any answers. Alevica was sleeping, under Eloise’s watchful gaze. Hedag was walking the perimeter of Riverfarm and Califor was attending to Nanette. The other [Witches] kept their own council. Belavierr shared none of her thoughts. Ryoka made hers clear to Durene, Rie, Prost, and Charlay.
“What do we know? That man seems incredibly suspicious. But is he responsible for the lack of rain? I got in touch with Fierre and she said that a man with his description paid her to alert the Order of Seasons. But who is he?”
“A [Witch Hunter] trying to kill Belavierr?”
“Or a member of this Circle of Thorns. Does it matter, Ryoka? Laken can find him. He can sense everything on his lands. He’ll get him and tell us and we’ll find him and make him talk.”
Durene pounded a fist into one hand. Ryoka nodded dubiously. It couldn’t be that easy? Could it? She waited, with Nesor in the room as it slowly emptied. The [Mage] was uncomfortable. But no matter how long Ryoka waited, until she was yawning with fatigue, no reply from Laken came.
They were sleeping, dozing, when Ryoka took to Durene’s cottage for sleep. She told herself Laken would send a [Message] tomorrow. But she had only slept an hour before someone hammered at Durene’s door.
“Ryoka, wake up!”
It was Beniar. The [Cataphract] hadn’t news from Laken, though. He practically dragged Ryoka towards the village.
“What is it?”
The former adventurer’s face was serious. He pointed towards Riverfarm, where some torched blazed.
“There’s a group of people outside Riverfarm. Beniar’s [Riders] stopped them. They say they know you. They’re asking to be let in.”
 
 
Day 69 – Ryoka
 
“Fire.”
Ryoka looked at the [Archer]. She remembered the man. Only, she had known him only by the bow he carried. His had been the first settlement she’d come to. The one guarded by the independent group of people with bows who’d refused to move to Riverfarm.
They were here now. And they carried only a few possessions. One bow. Half had burns. The other looked white with exhaustion. Fear. Loss. Ryoka stared at the man’s face. She hadn’t even known his name. It was Nale. He held his wife and looked at her.
She could feel it. All the pieces were falling into place. An invisible pattern, making itself known. And it made itself known through tragedy. Nale’s face was pale. Still covered in soot. His wife clung to his side. The group had come straight from their settlement. It was still dark. And the fires still burning.
“The entire barn went up in seconds. We tried to fight it—but it was too dry. We barely got out.”
Nale’s voice cracked. His wife wept into his shoulder. The [Archer] looked helplessly at Ryoka.
“It was too fast. Too fast, and our wells were too low. The drought—”
