6.45 E
Page 9
“My creations took decades to make. My wards far longer. I can bind time, create lesser wards. But the workings that hid my very heart away—those were made out of power that was burnt away. I must find more. I have lost all but a few years. Rehanna’s among others. I will be weak.”
“The weapons—”
Ryoka choked. The cloth was gone! Belavierr looked blankly at the scattered weapons and armor.
“Metal. I cannot pick it up so easily. I will conjure something to gather it tonight. Now. You did not answer my question. Who are you?”
She looked back at Ryoka. The young woman hesitated.
“Just…a City Runner.”
Belavierr stared at her.
“Even were I immortal, I would know that as a lie.”
She paused.
“It matters not. What matters is that my second death comes. And my daughter is wroth with me. She…hates…me.”
And the words came slowly. Ryoka nodded.
“I think she does, yeah.”
“Because of who I am? Because of what I do? How strange. When did she think so? I can remember when she grew angry with me. Back then I had no understanding of it. Now—I understand. But she is a [Witch]. And she lacks a true craft. She is a [General] serving an [Emperor]. How has she strayed from her path? And she hates me. Why?”
Belavierr mused to herself. She looked…confused. The other [Witches] exchanged glances. At last, Belavierr looked up.
“I must find Wiskeria.”
She walked away. And at least there, she was the same. Ryoka watched her vanish in moments, striding with unnatural speed across the ground. She let out her breath and looked around wide-eyed. She wasn’t the only one. Even Mavika and Califor were blinking more than usual. Alevica was practically tearing her hat in two.
“What the hell was that?”
“She has come back to herself. That was Belavierr of old. In the times since I have met her, she has grown more distant. Her soul hidden behind her web now burned away. Whether that [Knight] did her a gift unknowing, who can say?”
Mavika’s eyes focused on the distant Belavierr. Califor just sniffed.
“Watch her, Nanette. That is the price of immortality that she mentioned. Everything has its cost.”
“That it does. But what a change it makes! Perhaps we’d best get any answers out of her we want now! But will it help her with Wiskeria?”
Hedag laughed. She leaned on her axe. Califor shook her head, pursing her lips.
“I do not imagine so. And Eloise is at odds with Belavierr. Our coven squabbles, and our members have caused the deaths of others on this [Emperor]’s lands. A fine mess this is when we are bargaining on behalf of [Witches] across Izril. And the sky remains clear. I have had few worse covens.”
Her glare took in everyone. Ryoka paused, her head still spinning.
“Wait, what was that about clear skies?”
“Oh, nothing. Just the fact that it hasn’t rained and I haven’t seen a cloud for over a week now. That strike you as strange, Griffin?”
Alevica rolled her eyes. She pointed up at the clear skies. Ryoka felt sweat beading on her forehead. It was hot. She’d assumed it was just an early summer heat. But…she paused. And she really looked around.
Not at the weapons on the ground. Or the burnt places where Ser Raim’s fire had ignited the earth, or the torn places where the battle’s scars remained. At the village itself. The surrounding forest.
It was all…dry. Alevica and Califor were right. It hadn’t rained in, what, over a week? Even longer? Ryoka couldn’t remember. She recalled hating the rain right up until about when the [Witches] had arrived, but she hadn’t noticed the dryness except to complain about it.
