6.45 E
Page 21
“I trust that everyone understands that this deal with the [Emperor] supersedes all other commitments. This coven gathered to address the attack on [Witches]. To strike a deal for sanctuary. And to deal with Witch Wiskeria’s relationship to Witch Belavierr. Nothing more. Nothing less.”
“Of course.”
Eloise nodded. So did the others. Alevica just grinned. She yawned openly as she got up. The other [Witches] looked at her. Mavika frowned.
“Witch Alevica. Where are you going?”
“Out. It’s been fun, fellow [Witches]. But I’m tired of cheering Wiskeria up and making daggers at each other. If someone’s messing with the weather, isn’t that their right as a [Witch]?”
Alevica smiled cheerily at the others. Califor’s brows snapped together.
“Witch Alevica, if you know something, speak. A [Witch]’s business is our own. But this touches on the future of all [Witches]—”
“Yeah, yeah. I get it. But isn’t that the opposite of what you told Wiskeria? Hey, Wis. You want to be a [Witch] who barks and obeys orders? Go ahead. But if you think you’ll get your craft from people out of gratitude or something, think again. What can they give you? Eloise barely makes her tea, Hedag gets her strength from little children—you want to know why your mom has all her power? It’s because she does what she wants and scares the daylights out of people. That’s what being a [Witch] is. That’s power. Can you match that?”
Alevica grinned mockingly at Wiskeria. She was rewarded with Wiskeria’s glare and flushed cheeks. Wiskeria paused, and then snapped back.
“No. And neither can you. Even you can’t take misery and grief like she can, Alevica. That’s why she called you weak.”
The Witch Runner’s cheeks went crimson. She clenched a hand, then glared at Wiskeria. She made a sign that made Nanette gasp and stormed out of the house.
 
—-
 
Alevica went flying. She was still fuming, but soaring through the sky above Riverfarm made her feel better. Up high, everything was better. People were little dots and she stared down at them. The trouble was that even flying, Alevica couldn’t shake Wiskeria and her mother’s words.
“Weak? I’ll show you who’s weak! You can’t even do a major working! I can!”
The Witch Runner shouted as she flew faster and faster. She could fly! Wiskeria was as weak as Nanette! But—Alevica could also feel herself burning her magic. She couldn’t fly long. And she was furious because she knew Belavierr was right. Grudges and envy and anger had some magic, but it wasn’t strong. Alevica found that seeping the enjoyment from her as she flew.
And it was hot. The sun beat down overhead. Alevica glared up at it. Someone was affecting the weather, she was certain. It wasn’t her. But it could have been any of the [Witches]. Or—someone else. And when she thought of that, Alevica decided to go on a hunt.
The thing about flying was that she could travel faster than even Charlay for a while. And being this high up meant that Alevica could potentially spot a working if one of the [Witches] had hidden it. She didn’t know what she was looking for, but Alevica could see magical power just as well as any [Mage]. And she bet she could recognize a working if someone like Hedag or Eloise had laid it. Califor or Belavierr…? Well, it was worth looking.
Alevica crisscrossed the skies, seeking out places of power. You could follow old ley lines in the ground, places were magic was stronger. That would be a likely spot. Not that there were any old gravesites or magical ponds about. Mavika was right, in her way. As civilization progressed, people took the magic out of the world.
