6.45 E
Page 4
Tyrion nodded. Ullim sighed with relief as he saw the [Lord] relax. Part of Ullim wished Tyrion took more of an interest in the other side of his class. Ullim was old, and he had known Tyrion growing up. He hoped he had the energy to raise the next generation of the Veltras family’s main line—Hethon and Sammial. They were young, but growing and lacked for a mother. A father too, at times. Tyrion tried, but like managing his lands, he had to know what was right first.
And his other half, who had been so good at explaining it to Tyrion—was dead. But for her, and he might have been a better [Lord]. But it had been…dead gods, four years? Ullim felt like it was a lifetime ago, sometimes. Now Lord Veltras was distant, ever on campaign, and his sons, especially Sammial, grew apart. If Lady Salva had been alive, she could have been Tyrion’s other half.
She had not been perfect, of course, but without her, Tyrion would attack the problem of the trade war relentlessly, trying to outmaneuver an opponent who breathed it since she’d been born. Ullim remembered that too. What Tyrion was to military and combat, Magnolia was to infrastructure and diplomacy. They were complete opposites of each other in a way; the only thing they ever agreed on was their disdain for each other.
“It’s still raining.”
Tyrion’s voice drew Ullim out of the past. The elderly man roused himself and looked to where Tyrion’s attention was focused next. Rain pounded on the panes of the window. Ullim sighed again.
Lord Tyrion Veltras did not do well indoors. And while he was content to train or move about in the rain, he didn’t suffer the same for his mounts or his soldiers. It was only one more reason for his enduringly bad mood.
“It has been unnaturally wet, Lord Veltras. One expects the end of the rainy season would have come, but there is no predicting the weather with complete certainty. Even the [Weather Mages] make errors.”
Not that House Veltras employed any. They had dozens of war mages they could call on, but not one could clear a cloud from the sky beyond shooting fireballs at it. Tyrion only made a discontented sound.
“Too long. It’s been eight days. No lightning. Just rain. The clouds should be spitting lightning and the rain should be passing. This isn’t natural.”
Ullim nodded.
“It may be someone else tampering with the weather, Lord Veltras. You do recall the time we had gale winds blowing for nearly two weeks? Not to mention the hurricane…?”
“I recall that. But why here? What of the lands south of us?”
They were largely unoccupied, and certainly unclaimed. Humans had yet to fully colonize the vast expanse of northern Izril, and the lack of nobility from the last Antinium War meant there were fewer holdings under the protection of [Lords] or [Ladies]. Ullim had to consult his notes. He frowned.
“Temperate, Lord Veltras. But normal.”
“To our west, then?”
“Izril’s Tail…well, there was a grand storm, but I have no reports of the port-cities experiencing bad weather.”
“Hm.”
Tyrion glared at the rain. Undeterred, the water kept falling. Ullim went on, shuffling his notes.
“Let’s see. Well, other nobles have been raising the weather issue as well. Lady Ieka’s lands are unseasonably dry, for instance. A pity for her harvests…”
“So something’s affecting the weather.”
“At least in part, Lord Veltras.”
The [Lord] made a disgusted sound.
“Find a [Weather Mage], then. Have them stop the rains today.”
Ullim hesitated.
“We would have to send for one, Lord Veltras. I do not know if there are many to be found—the rains may subside in the time it would take—”
