6.45 E
Page 2

Can you feel it? She did. She had never met the man with the strange smile who laughed at the death of Ser Raim and the [Hunters]. She did not know him, any more than she understood his motives. But she could still feel it. Belavierr could sense the threads drawing together.
Reason and purpose, intersecting. Chance and plans. Malice, directed at her. But she was just a piece in someone else’s trap. And that knowledge bothered the [Witch]. She looked up, blinking at the bright sky. And she realized she’d been tricked. But she did not know who had done the tricking, or why. She could not see the web that ensnared her. But she felt it.
The [Witch] looked back down at her daughter. The trap did not matter. She did. And surely, whoever had laid it had known, or guessed. Belavierr looked at her daughter. And she felt the second of the two deaths closing in. But that did not matter.
So the [Witch] waited, her immortality burnt away, her protections gone. Her magic weaker. And she waited to see how her death came. For her daughter, she would face it. But her daughter—Belavierr closed her eyes. And she heard that distant laughter as the trap closed.
 
 
Day 66 – Ullim
 
Tyrion Veltras’ return to his estates had not been triumphant. It had been quiet. The armies he had gathered for his elaborate, grand scheme, had dispersed. And with it, goodwill. Say what you would of Magnolia Reinhart and many would—she had made grave enemies with her actions.
But when you got down to it, Tyrion Veltras’ grand scheme that had cost many peers of the realm countless thousands of gold pieces in time and energy spent had fallen apart. He had brought a force capable of taking Liscor, of altering the map and potentially securing a lynchpin of Drake defenses. And he had failed.
That was all there was to it. So Lord Veltras returned in fury and ire, so much so that no one dared mince words with him. Politically, he might have been disgraced, or have lost capital in the currency of opinions, but on his lands, the ancestral Veltras estates that Drakes and Gnolls both would point out that they’d owned in ages past, he still reigned supreme. If he wasn’t welcome at certain balls or gatherings—he seldom attended them anyways.
Tyrion Veltras was much like a wolf, to people who knew nothing of wolves. He was aloof, fierce, a leader when he needed to be, but solitary. His home, which was more of a keep than a mansion, held only a few of his most loyal retainers, servants, and his two sons.
For all that, he was not a poor [Lord]; just specialized. He could lead an army and fight with the best of opponents. But he took little to the managerial side of his class, and it showed.
Veltras lands occupied the western flank of Izril, stretching from the huge Vail Forest—a [Hunter]’s dream, abundant with wildlife—all the way right up to the famous landmark, the ‘tail’ of Izril’s northern half, a long coastal stretch. It meant Veltras lands were abundant in forests due to the heavy rainfalls that could come off the High Passes to the south, the economy fed by trade with ports and steady business, but in places, still very much unsettled.
Of course, to the north, where the Veltras’ had first settled, there were booming cities, but none quite so famous as Invrisil. If anything, Veltras lands were known more for the family which protected them. A reluctant leader he might be, but Tyrion Veltras’ aptitude for war meant that few monsters or raiders troubled his lands overlong.
