6.45 E
Page 10
But today, the heat and Alevica pointing it out made Ryoka notice how dry the grass was. It was yellowed, practically dead. The earth was equally parched underfoot. Only the [Farmer]’s fields were at all green, and that was because of Riverfarm’s river and the watering the villagers were doing.
It was dry. Too dry. Ryoka turned to Miss Califor.
“I thought it was just odd weather. Is there something magical about this, Miss Califor?”
The [Witch] nodded once. Her severe expression was tinged with annoyance.
“Someone has cast a working on the sky. Someone informed the Order of Seasons of Belavierr’s whereabouts. And someone slew Wiskeria’s coven. These events may be linked or they may not. I came here to speak to this [Emperor], not to endanger Nanette. I would not have brought her had I known. It seems there is something afoot. And I will find out what it is.”
Her eyes narrowed dangerously. Ryoka hesitated. She felt for whomever got on the receiving end of Califor’s wrath. But she had no idea…
Ryoka paused. She frowned. No, wait. She had a few hints. Clues. She looked at Miss Califor, and then surreptitiously checked the expressions of the rest of the coven present.
Alevica was frowning up at the sky and muttering about Belavierr—but very quietly. Nanette was staring up at Miss Califor, worried. Hedag was picking at her teeth. And Mavika and Califor were looking straight at Ryoka. She hesitated. And then she backed away. And as she headed back to Riverfarm at a run, she felt it too.
Suspicion in the air. If all of this was the result of someone’s doing. Then who? And why?
And—what would Wiskeria make of her mother now? Ryoka got five steps into the village when she got the answer to that question, at least. Wiskeria’s scream rang through the air, and then Belavierr came walking past Ryoka. She looked miffed, a new expression on her face. Purple flame burned on her dark clothing, and then extinguished themselves. Ryoka stared at Belavierr. The [Witch] stared back.
“Weak magic. My daughter has yet to find her craft.”
Coming from her, it sounded like the only problem in the world.
 
 
Day 67 – Durene
 
“I will never forgive her. Ever.”
Wiskeria sat in Durene’s cottage. Tears ran from her eyes. Durene sat with her. Charlay had run away. And Ryoka was talking with Prost. But really, they had both run away. Wiskeria’s eyes were red. Her nose ran despite Durene’s handkerchief, which had done its best. She looked nothing like a [Witch]. She looked like, well, a young woman.
Durene had never had a fight with her mother. She envied Wiskeria, in a way. Envied, and understood. Because she knew what it was like to have a monster for a parent. But one that was living?
The half-Troll girl had seen what Belavierr had done. She had seen Ser Raim die. And she had seen evil. Evil smiled as a man swayed on a tree branch. Evil threatened to murder families and children. And that was Belavierr. Durene had never feared anything as much as her. Because she had no idea what to do. Belavierr couldn’t be stopped. She couldn’t be reasoned with. She was…
A monster. But one who cared for her daughter. And her daughter wanted nothing to do with Belavierr anymore. Not after what had passed.
“I can’t do it, Durene. We do the same things. But she’s gone too far. And now—was that my mother, before? Who is this? What is she? She talks. She’s different!”
“What’re you going to do?”
“I don’t know. I don’t know. But I can’t let her do this anymore. I can’t—I became a [Witch] because of her. But it’s too much. Why did I…?”
