6.45 E
Page 16
Wiskeria stared blankly at her mother. Belavierr stood, unsteadily.
“What? Is the arrow enchanted? Do you have a potion?”
The Stitch Witch shook her head.
“I have not needed one for…”
She stopped as Wiskeria grabbed one from her belt. Belavierr frowned.
“Daughter—”
“Drink.”
Belavierr did. She blinked. Durene didn’t see the wound close, but the grimace of pain vanished from Belavierr’s face. She rose, feeling at her chest.
“Strange. Potions were not so powerful the last time I remember using them.”
“And when was that, Mother?”
The Stitch Witch blinked. She looked at her daughter. Then she smiled, ruefully.
“Long ago that I could remember Sage’s Grass being a thing I hoarded for the power of it. I traded a perfect Cloth-Warrior made of silk and satin to a noble [Sheik] for three seeds.”
“Oh, Mother. You were always bad with money.”
The two stared at each other. And then they laughed. Belavierr quietly, and Wiskeria with a note of relieved hysteria. But they did laugh. And for a moment, they looked like a mother and daughter. Then Durene heard the scream again. And the moment vanished. But as she turned and ran, she saw Ryoka’s face. And the young woman looked as though she wished it had lasted forever.
 
—-
 
The [Archer] was dead. He was a former [Soldier], one of Lancrel’s people. And he had been hiding behind one of the roofs in the village. He’d shot well; he was over a hundred and fifty feet distant. And he’d taken cover. But Belavierr’s needle had found him even so.
It had gone through his head. Straight through bone and brain. Belavierr didn’t retrieve the needle. Nor did she look twice at the man. She only grimaced.
“Cloth fails before Skill. I must recreate my wards. Better that it struck me than you, Daughter. The arrow would have passed straight through you.”
She looked at her daughter. Wiskeria just stared down at the man. Riverfarm’s folk stood far back, save for Durene, Charlay, and Wiskeria. But their eyes fixed on Belavierr. Durene didn’t doubt that many of them wished the [Archer] had succeeded. But when Belavierr looked up they ran. Wiskeria knelt, not looking at her mother. Her voice was broken again.
“You killed him.”
“I was defending myself.”
“You didn’t have to kill him, Mother!”
Wiskeria’s eyes flashed. Belavierr’s voice was cool. She turned away from the man.
“Should I have let him live to try again, Daughter? He made his choice and I, mine. Now, as I was saying. You must find your craft—”
She paused. Wiskeria was weeping again. Belavierr stared at her. She looked at Ryoka, Charlay, and Durene. Awkwardly, she bent.
“Daugh—”
“Go away!”
The Stitch Witch hesitated. But Wiskeria’s tears did what magic, an arrow, and Durene hadn’t. After a moment, Belavierr went. Wiskeria wiped her eyes. She knelt by the body as people finally dared to return. Ryoka looked around.
“Who sent this man? Councilwoman Beatica? Or did he do this himself?”
“It doesn’t matter. He’s dead. And my mother won’t die so easily. You saw it. She can stop herself from bleeding.”
“It looked close to me.”
“It was. I think it scared her.”
Ryoka paused. She looked down at Wiskeria.
“You still care for her.”
The [Witch] nodded.
“But I can’t stop her. She killed someone else today.”
“In self-defense.”
Wiskeria looked up. Her eyes shone with tears. She looked at Durene, at Ryoka.
“They’re still dead, aren’t they?”
And that was how Durene understood Wiskeria’s relationship with her mother. Anger, quarreling. Unchanging natures. Disappointment on both sides. Grief. And love. Despite it all, Durene still envied Wiskeria.
 
 
Day 68 – Ullim
 
