6.45 E
Page 6
There was no answer the young woman had. She had tried to use logic, tried to apply a morality to what she saw. All she now knew was that she was a guest in Riverfarm. Trying to steer a rudder away from destruction. And now—had she succeeded?
The Order of Seasons were leaving. Ryoka had not witnessed the battle between Belavierr’s minions and the [Knights]. She had missed the conflict that tore the earth. But today, she saw what remained.
Cloth, really. Torn silk, so precious that some of Riverfarm’s people had picked it up until they remembered who it belonged to. Broken creatures, some so lifelike that Ryoka could only stare at a severed Wyvern’s head until she walked around it and saw it was filled with stuffing. A few rotting corpses, yes, from the undead. But mainly broken cloth.
And weapons. A treasure trove of ancient steel, even what looked to be magical items. No one touched those either. Even the most light fingered person thought twice about it.
Cloth. Undead corpses. And four [Knights]. All wore green. They were Knights of the Spring, and Ryoka saw from the living ones how young they were. More than half were younger than she was. They had died, lacking magical armor, fighting to keep Ser Raim and the [Hunters] safe. And they had fallen to treachery and he had burnt away before he could end Belavierr.
Perhaps they still could finish her. Ryoka saw that too. Each of the [Knights] looked at the [Witch], measuring her, seeing her hunch and tend to her burns, or wince at the bright light. They were such mortal actions that Ryoka herself felt like she could kill Belavierr just by walking up and stabbing her in the back. But then the [Witch] would turn. And not even the [Summer Knights] could meet her eyes.
“We will not forget this day. Nor will we forget Ser Raim’s sacrifice. Had it not been for the weakness of one man’s heart, he would have triumphed. I will return his possessions to my order. Miss Durene, you have my thanks. And you, Sir Beniar.”
Dame Talia, a woman with raven-black hair, was in command. Ryoka saw her look at Belavierr more than once, but her orders were clear. The Order of Seasons would not make the Stitch Witch their enemy. Apparently they were still at an uneasy standoff with some…Griffin Riders? Ryoka wasn’t sure she’d even heard that right.
Regardless, Dame Talia bid farewell to Durene and Beniar, both of whom had fought with them. It was strange to see her clasp hands with Durene, and the half-Troll girl looked just as surprised. But they had fought while Ryoka had chased the fae. She said not a word to Ryoka as she bore the ashes and Ser Raim’s greatsword away. She had no time for a City Runner.
And then? There was only the village of Riverfarm left. Prost oversaw the burial of the [Witch Hunter], Tagil. The Order was returning their artifacts to the Hunter’s Guild of Terandria. And they carried the ashes of Sylind, Erashelle, Faigen, and Gaile with them. No one had asked for his body.
So the villagers cut his body down. It landed with a soft thump. Ryoka thought it should have been louder. But the sound stayed with her for hours. And they buried him where he fell. No one said a word. It was a traitor’s death. All they did was cut off his head, rather than give him a coffin filled with ash or anything else. That was so he wouldn’t rise as an undead.
