6.45 E
Page 13
“Very well. I will see to collecting some water. We can fashion some barrels, store them…”
Rie and Prost focused on the issue of storing water as if it were some huge problem. But Durene didn’t see it. As the others left, she turned to Ryoka.
“What’s the problem? I understand it’s dry, but it doesn’t affect Riverfarm, right? We have a river, Ryoka.”
The young Asian woman gave Durene a frown.
“Yeah. But it’s not infinite. Riverfarm could run out of a river.”
“What? No, it’s a river…”
Durene chuckled. Then she saw the look on Ryoka’s face.
“What?”
“The river’s not infinite, Durene. It’s being fed by tributaries and groundwater. Haven’t you seen how low it is?”
Durene hadn’t. Nor had anyone ever explained the concept of how rivers came to be to her. Riverfarm’s river had always been there; it never occurred to Durene that it could disappear if it stopped being fed by rain. She gasped when she saw it. Ryoka nodded and knelt, peering at the banks.
“Your river’s sunk three feet. What happens when it runs dry? The crops die for one. And for another…we could be in serious trouble.”
“No one can keep the weather dry forever, though. Not even the most powerful spells can hold back the natural weather.”
Wiskeria’s voice was quiet. Ryoka nodded.
“True, but we stand at risk for fires. Well—not with the river, yeah. But we’ll store some rainwater. Maybe we should keep some at strategic places in case a fire breaks out. I’ll—”
And then she paused. She looked up at the same time Durene felt the tingle on her neck. A change in the air. She still smelled of smoke. And she could die. But she felt like power.
Belavierr strode towards them. She didn’t appear. She just walked. And her eyes were fixed on Wiskeria.
“Daughter.”
“Mother.”
Wiskeria turned. Ryoka, Charlay, and Durene backed up. Belavierr stopped and looked down at Wiskeria. Yesterday, Wiskeria had shot magic at her mother until she left. Today, Belavierr stood at a slight remove. Her voice was cool.
“Have you calmed, Daughter? I would speak to you of your craft. Your future. I understand you are wroth with me.”
“I’m beyond angry, Mother.”
Wiskeria shook her head. She looked at her mother. And Durene saw more than a few people from the village had followed. They were staring at Belavierr. At Wiskeria. And their faces—Belavierr paid them no mind. She looked at Ryoka, once. Charlay and Durene she ignored.
“I have lost my protections. Been torn back to mortality. I hunger and thirst and breathe. But I still do not understand your fury, Daughter. You are a [Witch]. You know what it is to be one of us. All that I have done has been to protect myself. I made no unfair deals with Rehanna.”
“But you threatened a [Prince]’s life. You convinced a man to kill his friends and hang himself.”
Belavierr’s eyes never changed. Nor did her voice.
“Of course. I made such deals to protect myself. The Griffin Prince accepted my bargain, even if he found it not to his liking. Tagil the [Witch Hunter] chose his daughter’s life over mine.”
“You make it sound so simple.”
Wiskeria’s voice was bitter. She looked at her mother and shook her head. Belavierr sighed.
“Does the death bother you? Why? I never raised you to fear it.”
“You didn’t. I suppose I still knew what being a good person was. What having responsibility for your actions meant.”
Wiskeria shot back. Belavierr frowned.
“Responsibility? That is a concept of cities. Of law. We are [Witches]. We act according to our craft. Our desires. You know this.”
“I do. But my desires tell me that I can’t look away from what you do.”
