6.45 E
Page 8
Hedag nodded. Her grin flashed wide across her face, as wide as the strange man Ryoka had met outside the village. It was not necessarily friendly, especially on Hedag’s face. And this time Belavierr noticed. She was aware. She peered at Hedag, and then looked around. This time at Mavika.
“We have spoken before, Mavika.”
“Yes.”
Belavierr nodded. And then she looked at Alevica. The Witch Runner tried to copy Hedag’s grin. It slipped away.
“Alevica. It has been long since [Witches] flew through the sky. And your magic is weak.”
“I uh—I’m improving.”
The Witch Runner flushed, gripping the edge of her hat. Belavierr nodded.
“Grudges and envy are too weak to sustain powerful spells. You incur ire, but you are neither feared nor hated enough to call on true magic. You fly by virtue of talent. And you are weak. Someone should have told you.”
“I’m—”
Alevica shut up as Belavierr stared down at her. The Stitch Witch turned her head.
“Califor.”
“Witch Belavierr.”
The [Witch] held her ground as Nanette hid behind Belavierr. Belavierr tilted her head, and then stopped, turning sideways. Nanette squeaked, terrified. And Califor stepped to shield her. Now Belavierr met her gaze. The two [Witches] locked gazes. Belavierr spoke absently.
“We have not met. But you remind me of the old covens.”
“The old ways still linger. Nanette, introduce yourself to Witch Belavierr.”
“I—I raise my hat to you. Witch Belavierr?”
The [Witch] girl stuttered, white with fright. Belavierr tilted her head, eying Nanette.
“I remember when Wiskeria was as small as you. I would that I had taught her more. You study from a great [Witch] of our era. A lesson, Witch Nanette. Immortality is not as simple as taking life. To endure the passage of time, we who are mortal must give something away. To hide my soul away from harm, I hid my soul away. But the cost was exactly what I gave. Remember that.”
“Yes, Miss Belavierr.”
Satisfied, the Stitch Witch straightened. She looked around and Ryoka jumped as the eyes latched onto her. Belavierr was changed. Hey eyes were focused, not distant as they always had been except when talking to Wiskeria. And she was remembering names. Faces.
And yet, some things were the same. It was the same woman, just more expressive. More here. And—she focused on Ryoka.
“Ryoka Griffin. You saw the guests. The wind knows you. I saw that. But I did not ask. Who are you?”
Ryoka shuddered. The full attention of Belavierr was like a lighthouse’s beam blasting her. She gritted her teeth.
“I—I uh—are you going to clean up all those weapons and cloth?”
Belavierr blinked. She paused, stared at Ryoka, and then turned her head. She regarded the cut, burnt, dirty cloth. The weapons lying on the ground. And she sighed.
“Ah.”
“Your possessions are destroyed. What have you left of your craft? What can you remake?”
Mavika watched as her raven darted from her shoulder and swept up a bright piece of red silk. Belavierr eyed the raven and it took flight. She swept her hand. And all the cloth began to move. Ryoka heard exclamation and saw people run towards the village—the cloth was slithering across the ground, towards Belavierr.
The Stitch Witch held up one loose arm of her robes. And the cloth somehow slithered up and up into her dress. Only—it was going somewhere else. In moments, it was gone. Leaving only the metal weapons. Belavierr eyed them. Then she walked over and picked one up. She stared at a steel sword and tossed it back on the burnt ground.
