6.45 E
Page 27
“We lost everything. Everything. The animals went up. Dead gods, we couldn’t get them.”
Another woman leaned on a wall. She was too shocked to even sit. Prost looked deeply disturbed. Ryoka just stared at Nale. And then she got up. She hesitated. And then she reached out and put an arm on his shoulder.
She didn’t know if it was the right thing to do. The man stiffened. But it was all Ryoka could do. Then he relaxed. And he began to shake. Ryoka didn’t know him. But they stood together, two people. And she looked at his wife, as she rested a hand on the woman’s arm. Looked into her eyes.
“You can stay here. Riverfarm needs people like you. There’s room for you. And everyone.”
She looked past them at Prost. The [Steward] nodded.
“Of course. We’d be delighted to have the folks of Tabeil here.”
The group’s eyes filled with relief. They relaxed. And some did begin weeping then. Ryoka stayed with them. But she had to go. She had to excuse herself. Because her mind was racing.
“Fire. We have an arsonist. Or maybe it’s just the drought. Either way, we need to take precautions now.”
She gathered Prost, Rie, and the coven. Rie nodded, eyes wide.
“The water. We can put in barrels around the village.”
“This entire place is made of wood. It’ll go up like a bonfire if a fire isn’t caught.”
“Patrols, then. No one sets a fire here. Day and night we check for that bastard. If he is causing fires.”
“It could just be coincidence. Hell, one bit of heat lightning would start a fire. We need more precautions.”
Ryoka looked at the [Witches]. Hedag exchanged a glance with Califor. The [Witches] nodded. Hedag turned back to Ryoka. The [Executioner] nodded.
“In that case, we’ll do as all folks do in face of a fire. Dig a ditch. A firebreak. Here and here—far enough away from the village that flames won’t jump it. We’ll also remove brush. Tinder—anything that goes up easy.”
She pointed, indicating areas outside the village proper. Ryoka blinked. Califor nodded.
“Of course. Clear a space and a fire has nothing to feed on. You. [Steward]. Put all of your people to this task. We will clear a wide enough space that no sparks may jump across the break.”
She marched past Prost and began ordering people into teams as Hedag described how deep the firebreak should be. Ryoka stared, blinking. Trust [Witches] to have sensible solutions instead of magic. But Ryoka would have really preferred actual magical solutions to this drought. When she asked, though, Eloise only shook her head, looking troubled.
“We’ve been trying. All of us have cast charms. But short of a powerful working, we cannot change this weather.”
“Can you do one, then? A working?”
The [Witch] pursed her lips.
“Perhaps. But we would rather do it on a full moon, at the height of our strength. We have used much saving Alevica. She is still healing, so our coven is incomplete. And Belavierr—we could attempt one tonight. But Miss Ryoka, I fear we lack the power to shift whatever is affecting this weather. None of us specialize in weather magic.”
She looked directly at Ryoka. The City Runner hesitated. She nodded at last.
“Please try, then. Tonight.”
Eloise nodded. That left Ryoka with Charlay and Durene. The City Runner paced.
“The [Witches] might manage to lift the spell. Unless they’re behind it.”
“Or that [Witch Hunter] is actually a [Weather Mage] of some sort.”
