6.45 E
Page 22
The old [Witches] in Alevica’s real coven loved to yammer on about how you couldn’t go two miles without tripping over a magical cairn or something. Alevica wished she’d been born in those days. When there was power, waiting to be tapped instead of weak emotions—
“Hello. Who’s that?”
The [Witch] spotted something on her third flight. She swooped down and spotted him. A…man. But there was power about him. Magic? He was hiding in a stand of trees, as dried as the earth. And he saw her at the same time as she saw him.
There was no running. He didn’t even try. The man with the odd hat walked forwards her. Smiling. It was an uncanny smile. Too wide, with too much teeth. Actually, it was the same kind of smile Alevica liked to give. Like a predator’s grin.
“Hello there. You must be that [Witch Hunter] Ryoka was talking about.”
Alevica casually reached for her crossbow and shortsword as she alighted on the ground. She was running out of mana after so much flying. But she’d found the man and she had Skills in fighting too. The man eyed her as Alevica alighted.
“Well, I’m delighted to be so popular. Good evening, Miss…Witch?”
“What gave it away?”
Alevica grinned. She eyed the man up and down. Yup. Hat, clothing—all of it matched the former [Witch Hunters]. Another one? Alevica felt a twinge of danger. But she was dangerous too. She pointed at him.
“And who’re you?”
“Just a traveller—”
“Yeah?”
Alevica drew her crossbow. The man paused.
“You wouldn’t shoot an unarmed traveller, Miss?”
“I don’t see anyone watching us.”
Alevica bluffed. She was watching the man carefully. He had lots of power about him. Strange—she was having a hard time reading him. He was far too calm. He wasn’t a [Mage]—but—
“Why don’t you tell me why you’re hanging around, causing trouble for my kind? And if you try to run, I’ll shoot you and see what I can find on your body.”
That threat should have done something to his emotions, but the man was cool. He just grinned at her. And Alevica began to get uneasy herself. He shrugged, his hands lowering a touch towards his own belt. He had a bag of holding there.
“Just call me a scout, Miss Witch. Or a hunter who deals in fire and retribution to those who deserve it. One of many. But I’d rather not fight with you. What say we go our own ways?”
“And let a [Witch Hunter] go free? You put that [Knight] on Belavierr, didn’t you?”
“Maybe. Could you fault me for that? You [Witches] tend to cause trouble.”
“Yeah. We kill people we don’t like. Who are you? Last question! Answer me!”
Alevica gritted out. She didn’t like the way the man was watching her anymore. She’d identified the emotion coming off him. And it wasn’t fear or even wariness. He was going to try to kill her. It was an almost intangible, cold certainty. He’d been ready to kill her the instant he saw her. She wished she’d stayed on her broom. She warily reached for her sword. And the man just smiled.
“Miss Witch, I’d fly away. I really would. I have no quarrel with you specifically. But if you want to make this an issue, I’d much rather—”
Alevica fired her crossbow and drew her sword. As she did, she chanted an incantation in her mind.
Sword, cut and bite! Bolt, truest flight!
She saw the bolt curve towards the man. He staggered as he leapt sideways. The bolt stuck out of his side. Alevica charged him. She saw him reach for his belt. His hands flashed as she slashed at his head—
