6.45 E
Page 11
She was crying. Durene reached out and patted Wiskeria on the shoulder. But the tears, like everything else, had run out. And Wiskeria’s sobs soon turned dry. Then, she just sat and bowed her head. And the terrible look in her eyes scared Durene far more than Wiskeria’s wrath or sadness.
“Why don’t we find Eloise? Or—Ryoka? She said we have a problem.”
Durene offered the suggestion as an alternative to sitting in silence. Wiskeria looked up after a moment and nodded. She got up and stared at the mess of a handkerchief. Durene winced.
“I can wash that—”
“Here.”
Wiskeria shook it and handed it back. Durene gingerly took it—and then realized the handkerchief was dry. Empty, too. Relieved, she smiled.
“Hey! That’s a great trick! You know a lot of tricks for a [Witch]! Even if you don’t um do the big things…”
The young woman’s face turned into a bitter smile. She looked up at Durene. And something of the dead [Hunter], Tagil’s, last expression was there.
“Yeah. You know, I think the other [Witches] always expected more of me, Durene. Because of my mother. But a [Witch] is limited by her craft. And I don’t have one. If I took power from everyone I would be stronger. Even if it was a bit. But I was always afraid of who I might become, I think. So I took just a bit from my team. I became an adventurer. And Odveig, my best friend, turned out to be an imposter. I haven’t been that much happier by running away.”
“I didn’t mean that.”
Durene looked down. Wiskeria smiled.
“I know. Come on.”
They left the cottage. Wiskeria strode down the dry dirt road. Durene followed, warily. But Wiskeria wasn’t about to be stopped.
Riverfarm was quiet. People worked, and then rested in the shade. The air was hot and dry. But what exhausted the body was the atmosphere. It was tense. Stifling. Fights broke out for no reason. Arguments began and halted as people saw the pointed hat. But the fear—the fear was the root. Durene was no [Witch], but she could feel it.
“You see? Mother’s everything that makes [Witches] hated.”
Wiskeria whispered as she looked around. Durene walked with her through the village, looking for Ryoka. The [Witch] went on.
“And yet, it doesn’t have to be this way. Eloise. Hedag. Even Mavika, in a way. People don’t hate them. Some of them saw the good. I can feel it. They’re an inch from turning on us. If they weren’t terrified of mother, they would. But they liked us. It’s still there. Buried.”
“You can show them again. Riverfarm has good people in it. Even the folks from Lancrel can see.”
Durene saw Wiskeria shake her head.
“No. So long as she’s here, she’ll always remind them of what we can be at our worst. She is the most powerful [Witch] I know. And the darkest.”
They found Ryoka in Rie’s cottage. The young woman was panting. And Charlay was drinking greedily from a flask of water. Durene glared at both, but the two Runner girls had an uncharacteristically grave look on their faces. Rie was tracing a finger across a map.
“So, that appears to be, what? A fifty mile radius?”
“At least. Charlay made it way farther than I did. We both took about an hour and some to go out there, and we saw dry grass ahead. So yeah, fifty miles at least.”
Charlay pawed the ground as she splashed some water on her face and the floor and Ryoka.
“I thought I spied some green at the end of my run. But Ryoka’s right. It’s dry. All the streams have dried up.”
Prost leaned over the table, his brow knotted with worry as it always seemed to be these days.
“Why didn’t we notice it before?”
