6.45 E
Page 5
“A [Weatherchange] scroll, then! Buy one and use it!”
Tyrion snapped. Again, Ullim hesitated.
“May I quote you a price, Lord Veltras?”
“Do it.”
“Two thousand gold pieces at least for a scroll that could affect a radius of your holdings. If we wanted to change the weather patterns, we might need to spend as much as four thousand, or even six…”
Again, Ullim saw Tyrion grimace. It wasn’t as if he couldn’t pay the sum, but it was a lot of money to deal with rain. Most cities would be able to afford one scroll or [Weather Mage] in times of need; a [Farmer] could always pay for a shower of course, but a sustained spell capable of changing weather in a huge radius?
Veltras was rich. Rich enough to finance a truly powerful standing army. But though they were one of the Five Families, that didn’t mean they were all-powerful. Just look at some of the other families.
The houses of Veltras, El, Reinhart, Terland, and Wellfar. They were legends that had settled Izril, taking it from the Drakes and Gnolls thousands of years ago. Of course, they hadn’t been the only noble houses to sail from Terandria. The ones that had perished or fallen over the years had been forgotten by all but a few.
Now, the Five Families remained. But some, like the Wellfar families, had fallen far from their lofty past heights. Others, like the El and Terland families had retained some of their strength, although the Antinium Wars had slain some of the scions of these houses—Veltras was strong. But they didn’t have huge stockpiles of magical goods. Their strength lay in military might, and their coffers could stand to be deeper.
The Reinharts on the other hand had at least kept most of their artifacts—no, even expanded their wealth over the generations thanks to Regis Reinhart. And under Magnolia Reinhart, they were richer still. They could hardly call on all their artifacts of old with that old ghost hoarding their treasures, but it was just another disparity. Ullim could see his lord thinking of all of this as he drummed his fingers on the table. At last, Tyrion nodded.
“Buy a scroll. Use it. Hire a Courier if need be. I want the rain gone tonight.”
“At once, sire.”
Ullim breathed out. It was a cost, but one the Veltras’ family could afford. And he’d be glad to see the end of this rain too. Sammial was practically bouncing off the walls with his desire to be running about. Veltras nodded as Ullim reached for a list of reputable Couriers.
“I’m going to ride south. I’ll return by nightfall.”
“In this rain, Lord Veltras?”
“Rain brings out monsters, Ullim. I will send a [Message] if I’m delayed returning.”
Tyrion nodded and strode for the doors. At least he’d be happy if he slew a monster, Ullim reflected. The [Lord] paused at the door and wrinkled his nose. He looked around, and snapped.
“Ullim. Send some servants into the cellars and storerooms. I believe we have rats.”
 
 
Day 66 – Ryoka
 
“She cannot stay here. She must leave.”
That was all Lady Rie said as she watched Belavierr. The [Witch] stood alone. Ryoka wondered if even her coven was afraid to speak with her. And Ryoka didn’t argue the point.
She couldn’t. She still felt tears unshed when she thought of Ser Raim. She had not agreed with him. Ryoka had wanted to find some peace, because part of her liked Belavierr. And another had looked at Raim and seen a hero.
Did that make Belavierr a villain? Perhaps. Perhaps. Or perhaps she was just…a [Witch]. But all of Ryoka abhorred the death of the [Witch Hunters].
