6.45 E
Page 20
“That’s fine for you to say, Miss Califor. But I don’t want to be a [Witch] like that.”
“You want to bow and scrape and obey laws? Why’d you take the [Witch] class, then, Wiskeria? Be a [Mage].”
Alevica laughed incredulously. This time no one shushed her. Mavika frowned dangerously.
“You speak of the end of [Witches], Wiskeria. We cannot be tamed. We will not be shackled. When law stretches across this world and the wilderness dies—so too will the last [Witch].”
“Maybe. Or maybe we’ll change. Maybe we should change. Mavika. I respect you. But I could never be you. And I can’t be my mother. No matter what she wants of me. I want to have a craft. But my mother’s deeds hang over me. She—I’m guilty because of her. Do you understand?”
“We do. But Wiskeria, she has been herself for centuries. Possibly longer. She will not change. And she is a [Witch]. Darker than many, but a [Witch] true. If anyone has yet to fully become a [Witch]—it is you.”
Eloise spoke softly. And Wiskeria’s face crumpled. Alevica looked away.
She’d had worse coven meetings. And in truth, many of them were like this. Younger [Witches] whining about trouble, or older ones complaining. Yes, sometimes you met and did real magic, the kind that made it all worthwhile, like trying to summon a spirit and bind it—or casting a powerful hex or warding spell. But other times it was just an informal gathering and support session.
Alevica was looking for an opportunity to leave when she saw Nanette dutifully hand something to her teacher. The kid had been working on it all this time. What was…?
And then Alevica saw it. It was a few houses, crudely shaped out of clay. Six, to be precise. Nanette dutifully placed the last house next to the others. Alevica nodded silently. The other [Witches] watched out of the corner of their eyes as they comforted Wiskeria. So did Alevica.
Califor was doing a working. You could feel her drawing on her power. Now, on the clean wooden table, Califor produced a handful of soil. She must have gathered it from outside. The dry earth sprinkled in a circle around the clay village. Alevica watched as Califor drew a circle around the small clay village and then reached for her flask. The [Witch] sprinkled some water from her flask on the model village. The [Witch] paused, frowned, and then sprinkled more water on top.
Alevica gleaned out the window. She felt the power go out—but the sky didn’t so much as change. She peered at Califor, smirking. Right up until the [Witch] looked up, peeved. Then Alevica pretended to be studying the ceiling.
“No luck? I tried a little water spell by the river. Had nothing.”
Hedag leaned over, inspecting the village. Eloise pursed her lips silently as Califor glared at the clay village, as if willing it to explode. Nanette looked nervous as she shifted by her teacher. Alevica had to admit, it was something. She’d never seen nor heard of Califor failing at any basic spell like this.
“Something is working against my magic.”
“Mine too.”
Hedag nodded. So did Eloise. And then Mavika. Everyone stared at her. The crow [Witch] looked annoyed.
“My flock has created a crow-sign for rain. It failed. Something is at work here.”
“Or someone.”
Every [Witch] looked at the other, speculatively. No one said it. But Alevica could think of a few reasons why these small workings had failed. Either someone was using some powerful magic to alter the weather—or one of them had created a serious working.
It wasn’t as if covens didn’t have [Witches] working towards their own ends. Califor snapped into the sudden silence.
