6.45 E
Page 25
And they looked at her. Belavierr’s daughter. And at Alevica. And the reaching [Witches] took nothing. They closed their eyes as Alevica’s breathing slowed. Wiskeria looked around desperately. And then she felt something. And she pulled and the crowd gasped. Ryoka’s eyes went wide. It went out of her too, as she grasped Alevica’s hand. That emotion. That—
And the power went into the [Witch] and she opened her eyes. Ryoka saw Eloise press the poultice to her and speak.
“Pull!”
Each of the [Witches] reached down. They grasped a part of Alevica. Ryoka, holding Alevica, felt a jolt of something more alive than electricity hit her. She jerked back. Alevica jerked. She sat upright, head smacking into Nanette’s and screamed.
“No!”
The poultice fell away, black and wet. Alevica’s stomach was raw, bloody. Eloise splashed a potion on Alevica as the [Witch] flailed. And then she was alive. Wiskeria staggered back into her mother’s arms. Nanette cradled her head as Califor drew her back. The [Witch] slapped Alevica on the back of the head as the Witch Runner flailed, slashing with a sword she didn’t have. Alevica stopped. She blinked down at her stomach as it began to heal.
“What—what—”
“Alevica! What happened?”
The [Witch]’s face was deathly pale. She jerked, staring around.
“Which one of you—the power—”
All the [Witches] were looking at Wiskeria. They looked back at Alevica as she jerked again, still in shock. The words came out in a rush.
“The bastard had a spear. And—artifacts. Lots of ‘em. I sensed it on him. I didn’t think he’d be that fast—he had poison on it!”
“Who?”
Ryoka leaned over the table, urgently. Alevica looked at her. Her mouth worked.
“The man with the smile.”
 
—-
 
Hours later, Ryoka was standing in conference with several [Witches], Rie, Prost, and her own dark thoughts. She had heard everything from Alevica before the Witch Runner had passed out. And Charlay had repeated her encounter with the man—as had Ryoka. It wasn’t conclusive. But he had just bumped himself up on the list of people Ryoka suspected of…something.
The drought? Or just the attack on Belavierr? Either way, he’d tried to kill Alevica. But who was he? No one knew. And worse still, he’d vanished. Mavika was the last to return. Her crows landed, cawing loudly, and the [Witch] herself walked into the home. She looked…angry. Only, angry didn’t describe the hunched, elongated form. The nails that looked like talons. For a moment, as the [Witch] stepped out of the night she looked like something else. Something that hunted and screamed in the darkness of mankind’s dreams.
The Humans shuddered and drew back. Ryoka waited as Mavika seemed to shrink. The [Witch] spoke curtly.
“This [Hunter] of yours moves quick. My crows could not find him. And they flew wide. Even with a horse, he was fast, to outrun wings.”
“You lost him?”
“We searched miles. Either he hid with powerful spell or he raced so fast as to be a bird himself.”
The [Witch] glared. The conference room was silent. Ryoka drummed her fingers on the table. Lady Rie spoke, briskly.
“Laken’s nearby enough that we can ask him to locate the [Witch Hunter]. He can sense everything on his lands and we replaced all his totems.”
The others nodded. Ryoka bit her lip as Nesor sent a [Message]. The reply came back slowly, as Nesor scribbled it line by line on a piece of parchment with agonizing slowness. Ryoka read it with the others, crowding to see.
 
