6.45 E
Page 15
She raised a hand and slashed. Durene saw a flash of silver; Wiskeria gasped and stumbled backwards. The blade of air severed, exploded in a burst of air. And Belavierr lowered the needle. She reached over plucked the fire off her and tossed it to the ground. Durene groaned. Belavierr pointed at the still-burning flames. Her voice was coldly disappointed.
“I do not need to chant my magic. I weave it in each thread! Daughter, you could be greater. But you lack a craft. You lack a source of strength!”
“I don’t need one!”
“You are nothing without a power to draw upon. I have failed to teach you. Your coven has failed you. A [Witch] who has no craft is weaker than anything else. A [Hedge Witch] has more strength. Come. You will learn from your coven if not I.”
So saying, Belavierr reached out. Wiskeria raised her wand. The Stitch Witch crooked a finger and Wiskeria’s robes gripped her. Durene saw the cloth pulling her arm down.
“Stop!”
Wiskeria struggled, but the cloth constrained her movements. Belavierr pointed, and Wiskeria began moving sideways. Her clothes were pulling her.
“Must I treat you like a child, Daughter?”
Belavierr looked annoyed. But she paused as an arm barred her away. Durene looked at Ryoka. And then she realized it was her arm. The half-Troll inhaled as Belavierr looked at her.
“Stop. She doesn’t want to go.”
They were nearly of a height. The Stitch Witch stared at Durene. And the half-Troll girl felt a lump of cold fear in her stomach.
“Move, Troll’s child.”
“No. Wiskeria doesn’t want to go with you. Let her go.”
Belavierr’s eyes flashed. Durene flinched and Ryoka took a step forward.
“Belavierr—”
“Be silent. I give you one last warning, half-girl. Move.”
This time the word made Durene’s heart freeze in terror. But she refused. She thought of Ser Raim. And her hands balled into fists.
“No. Make me.”
“Mother, don’t—”
The Stitch Witch ignored her daughter. She reached towards Durene. The half-Troll raised a fist.
Thunk.
An arrow sprouted out of Belavierr’s chest. She staggered. Durene jerked back. Wiskeria stumbled as the clothes let her go. She stood up, turned.
“Mother!”
Belavierr stared down at the arrow in her chest. She reached for it. And then coughed. She stumbled; that saved her from the second arrow. It hit the ground and Durene looked around wildly. Who was shooting?
“Stop!”
Ryoka shouted, and air blasted around them. The City Runner was looking around as Charlay dashed to one side. The Centauress had the most wits about her; she kicked the ground, whipping up dust and screamed as she zig-zagged into it.
“Move, you idiots! Get behind cover!”
“Mother—”
Wiskeria had rushed to Belavierr’s side. She looked around desperately for the archer, but they were nowhere in sight. Belavierr was coughing. Choking. Then her eyes focused. She raised a trembling hand, the same one that held the needle. She flicked it, spitting out a word.
“Seek. Kill.”
She flung the needle. With her other hand, pulled the arrow out of her chest, grimacing. As Durene watched, horrified, Belavierr quickly ran a finger up the hole in her chest. And the red wound sealed, closing together. The blood stopped! The dress mended—
And someone screamed. Belavierr sank to one knee. Her wound and clothes were healed, but the grimace of pain still crossed her face. She looked at Wiskeria.
“I am fine, Daughter. But I must heal.”
“You closed the wound?”
“With thread. The bleeding is stopped. But the flesh is cut. I—I must use a poultice. I lack for potions. A powerful one might heal the wound in a day—”
