6.46 E
Page 7
Lady Rie recoiled, but Ryoka grabbed her shoulder.
“She can do it! She’s got a magical carriage! She could send it to Invrisil! Lady Rie, tell Nesor to send her a [Message]! Don’t argue—Nesor! Nesor!”
Wiskeria saw Ryoka race off, dragging Lady Rie with her. The [Witch] looked around. Nanette hesitated.
“I have to pack my things. And saddle the horses. I’ll—I’ll go help Miss Califor after that. We won’t need the horses, right?”
She looked from [Witch] to [Witch]. Neither Eloise nor Wiskeria could find the words for reassurance. Nanette hurried off after a second. Eloise looked at Wiskeria. She looked old. And worried. Wiskeria looked around. People were rushing down the streets, but some had stopped to stare desperately at them.
“What should we do, Eloise? Help Califor and Mavika? Or Hedag?”
Eloise pursed her lips. She shook her head after a moment.
“I’m not one for picking up sticks or digging, Wiskeria. And Califor and Mavika have the preparations well in hand. As does your mother. No, I think our purpose is to keep Riverfarm from falling apart. The people are split. Some would flee. They would die. The fire is too thick and moving too fast. We must keep them here. And calm. Draw on your craft.”
“I—I don’t know. I’ve never soothed a group, let alone so many people—and I don’t have magic to call on, Eloise.”
Wiskeria wavered. Eloise looked at her.
“I cannot do it alone. And you have your craft. Or was yesterday a fluke?”
Wiskeria blinked. And then she remembered. Slowly, she looked around. The people were desperate. But the ones looking at her—she spotted Jelov. And Chimmy.
“Miss Wiskeria? Miss Wiskeria, we ain’t going to have to flee, are we?”
Chimmy’s eyes were wide with fright. She looked up as Wiskeria strode over to her. The [Witch] hesitated. Then she knelt.
“We might, Chimmy. But my coven and I are doing our best to keep Riverfarm safe. Trust in that. And keep a calm head. Jelov, what are you doing?”
The [Carpenter] sucked at his teeth.
“Waiting, Miss Wiskeria. Not like I can pack up and move a second time. Emperor Laken made me his best [Carpenter], didn’t he? Reckon I’ll trust to him to get us out of this. Got all my stuff here and it burns easy. Hey, what should we be doing?”
They looked at her. And Wiskeria felt something in them. Justice. Unity. She pulled on it, taking some of it. And she spun it, used it in her voice. In her craft.
“Help me keep people calm. Stop them from packing! We need people expanding the firebreak, or gathering supplies under Prost’s direction! We don’t need valuables like clothes—we need barricades the fire can’t move past! Walls of dirt, even! You—Ram! Stop!”
She shouted, and Mister Ram stopped from trying to grab people and forcibly tow them towards the fields. And her voice was the voice of command. More people stopped, and Wiskeria shouted. Her pointed hat stood out. It marked her as [Witch]. And that wasn’t always a bad thing.
“People of Riverfarm! Stay calm! Don’t pack your belongings; there’s no time to waste! Help dig the firebreaks or follow Mister Prost and help evacuate what needs evacuating to the fields!”
“Stay calm. Follow us.”
Eloise’s voice was no less loud, but it had a confidence in it like steel. The [Witch] swept down the street, and people halted, their panic subsiding. It was a [Lady]’s presence, and a [Lady]’s Skill mixed with a [Witch]’s craft. Wiskeria followed, shouting.
