6.46 E
Page 9
Their shadows deepened. They seemed to twist towards the circle if you stared at them long enough. And a silence fell. The coven breathed in. Breathed out.
Ryoka saw they were all breathing the same. Nanette to Belavierr. They blinked as one. Ryoka’s hair stood on end, despite the desperation and fear of the moment. She felt a charge rising in the air, but not of static. Of intent.
Then a [Witch] spoke. Belavierr. Her ringed eyes were wide as she spoke, raising a cloth-bound hand.
 
“Someone tries to bring fire and flame to those without blame.
Whose malice brings death and grief without end.”
 
Two [Witches] spoke. Wiskeria and Nanette.
 
“Let crying earth mend
Let nature’s wrath end!”
 
Califor continued with Alevica. The [Witches]’ gazes were fixed on the aquamarine stone. And it glowed. The water in the cup moved, restlessly, obeying neither the wind nor physics.
 
“Magic bows before nature’s will
Let not it be used further ill.”
 
Hedag and Eloise chanted the next lines in tandem.
 
“And give us your blessing, by river’s flow
As from the sky we ask for the same, by a coven’s will, an [Emperor]’s name.”
 
Mavika raised her hands. Her voice hissed and called, like the birds flying overhead.
 
“So come water, come relief and rain!
Here to end Riverfarm’s pain!”
 
And all seven [Witches] drew a blade. Nanette, Califor, Hedag, Eloise, Mavika, Wiskeria, and Belavierr. Ryoka knew what was coming.
All seven [Witches] cut themselves across the wrist. They sprinkled blood on the river stones. Belavierr continued.
“By blood we call water.”
“By river we summon rain.”
Who was speaking now? Ryoka couldn’t tell.
Now the [Witches]’ lips moved as one.
“We call.”
“We implore.”
“We beg.”
A second cut. So deep that Ryoka felt ill, seeing the blood run down Wiskeria’s arm. Nanette stumbled. But she spoke with the rest.
“Rain.”
And the aquamarine shone. The water in the wooden vessel trembled. And Ryoka looked up. She felt the winds pause. The hot, angry, controlled air shiver.
In the sky, the pyrocumulonimbus cloud formed by the smoke slowly changed. Ryoka saw the distant cloud begin to darken. And in the distance, moisture gathered. Days of unspent rain began to gather. The air grew thick with humidity.
And it began to rain. Riverfarm’s people turned. In the distance, sprinkles of rain began to fall from the saturated sky. Ryoka heard a whoop of delight, and then wild cheers. She turned, beaming. And saw the [Witches] had frozen. They were staring at the gemstone. The trembling water. And then Ryoka saw them raise a hand as one and point.
“Rain.”
They spoke as one, continuing the chant. And the gemstone began to pulse. Ryoka turned. Something—
 
—-
 
The Oldblood Drake saw the rain begin to fall. He whirled, snarled with fury. He grabbed at a scroll from his belt, desperately unfurled it.
“Oh no you don’t. [Weatherchange]!”
The rain’s fall began to slacken. But the cloud formed by the smoke wanted to rain. And there were days of rain waiting to fall. But not now! Not now!
The [Infiltrator] dropped the scroll as the magic went out of it. Those damn [Witches] were casting a spell! But he had more scrolls. Manus had predicted interference with the weather. The Drake pulled them out, reading from the burning magical inscriptions, calling upon the magic contained within. [Witches] would not stop this fire! They couldn’t!
“[Weatherchange]! [Weatherchange]!”
The scrolls flashed and fell from his claws as they used up their magic. In Riverfarm, the [Witches] began to chant. And the rain stopped falling. Started.
“They can’t do this! They can’t!”
