6.46 E
Page 2
The [Emperor] saw nothing with his eyes. He heard an intake of breath, Yitton’s voice issuing quick orders. In his head he watched the flames moving. Saw the [Witches] gathering. Ryoka, Durene, Prost, Rie—his heart—and his people gathering.
Laken Godart waited. But he learned the same thing Ryoka had: it was not just his story. The purpose of [Witches], a pair of City Runner’s journey, the crusade of the Order of Seasons, the return of an [Emperor] and the fate of Goblins—and yes, even the vengeance of Drakes—was all part of a whole. And try as he might, he couldn’t change it all. He was only an actor.
After an agonizing wait that might have taken minutes or hours, measured only by Laken’s furiously beating heart, Yitton replied.
“A—an accusation has been leveled. But the Walled Cities claim ignorance. They reject the idea that Drakes are causing these incidents. Manus suggests this might be unusual Wyvern migrations combined with freak weather—”
Laken whirled away. He clenched his hands. And then he slumped.
“We can’t do anything, then. Just watch. Yitton.”
“Laken?”
“Get the caravan moving. Towards Riverfarm.”
“But the fire—”
The [Emperor] ignored the [Lord]. He turned his head, back towards his empire, his home. His people. He shook his head.
“By the time we get there, the fire will be gone. Can’t you see? It’s everywhere. And there’s nowhere to run. Get the caravan moving. And tell Prost—retreat to the fields. The mountain’s no good. That Drake’s setting fire to the forest. The fields. Tell Durene I love her. To stay alive. And ask the [Witches] for help. It all depends on them now.”
 
—-
 
At first, the people in Riverfarm refused to believe Ryoka’s warning. They listened to the picture she had put together at last and laughed, skeptically, uneasily. But even if they agreed with her—so what? They didn’t understand. After all, how many had even seen a Drake? They couldn’t imagine what Ryoka could, what Laken’s [Message] had made her realize what the [Infiltrator]’s plan was.
But then Mavika screamed as her crows burned and the smiles left the skeptical faces. Riverfarm and Lancrel’s people looked up as Rie ran into the village, shouting for Prost and calling the alarm with Nesor hot on her heels. Then they saw the smoke on the distance. And above it, the huge, ominous cloud that filled the clear sky.
“Pyrocumulonimbus cloud. That’s what it’s called.”
Ryoka panted as she and Charlay ran towards the closest plume of smoke. Riverfarm was in a growing panic and Prost was corresponding with Laken. But Ryoka had to see it herself. The Centauress stared at her. Charlay frowned.
“What?”
“The cloud. That’s what it’s called. It’s a cloud made up of all the fire.”
It was the most useless piece of information Ryoka could think of in this situation. But her mind wasn’t being sensible. She was panicking. Because she could see the smoke. It was already in the air, blowing towards Riverfarm. Ryoka wasn’t controlling it. Something else was. That Drake and his scrolls. Charlay coughed. The whites of her eyes were showing.
“Yeah? How’s that help us?”
“Doesn’t. The fire—”
Ryoka didn’t see it. There was too much smoke coming this way. Charlay groaned and Ryoka crouched lower, as if that would help. The wind was blowing it straight at Riverfarm.
“That’s a big fire. Ryoka. That’s…really big. As bad as the jungle fires in Baleros. We have to get out of here!”
