6.46 E
Page 6
Califor produced a carved cup, large enough to be held in two hands. Hedag handed over the aquamarine. Belavierr produced needle and thread and wove a loop around the blue gemstone before beginning a complex pattern that tied it to the wooden vessel. The [Witches] watched for a second, and then stood up.
“Thank you.”
Wiskeria said it to the others. Eloise smiled. Hedag laughed.
“I have given my word to protect the children here. And it is a Hedag’s word as well as a [Witch]’s. While Belavierr prepares the ritual, let us do what we can.”
“I will prepare the site. Nanette, pack your things and saddle the horses. Then come and find me. Witch Mavika, if you would join me?”
“Yes.”
The two [Witches] headed out the door. Eloise, Nanette, and Wiskeria followed. Alevica hesitated, until she realized Belavierr was staring at her unblinking as she worked. She got up and hastily went after the two.
Panic in the streets greeted the [Witches]. Prost was shouting, trying to organize people to expand the firebreak while others tried to pack their things. But where would you go? Wiskeria saw smoke in every direction but the mountain and forest that bordered Riverfarm. And she had a feeling that fire was already building unseen there as well.
“Wiskeria!”
Ryoka and Rie found her. Califor and Mavika strode past them. Ryoka halted.
“Look—Laken’s asking your coven for a favor. Wiskeria, he knows it’s a lot to ask, but if you agree—”
“We’re performing a ritual. Don’t worry, Ryoka. We’ll fight the fire together. No one’s leaving.”
The City Runner sagged with relief. Eloise raised one finger, eying Lady Rie.
“Yet. However, I would not place all your hopes in this ritual, Miss Griffin, Lady Rie.”
“It could fail?”
Lady Rie looked sharply at Eloise. Wiskeria did too, heart pounding. She’d seen rituals go wrong. But they had so many powerful [Witches]. But it wasn’t the full moon and they didn’t have a place of power…Eloise was clearly thinking the same things. The [Witch] shook her head.
“Wiskeria and Nanette have convinced some of the [Witches] to stay. And I have agreed to give the ritual an attempt. But should that fail, we must all flee or attempt to stand. And this fire would consume us all, I fear.”
“Laken’s told Prost to put everyone in the fields. He says that’s the safest space—cleared grounds.”
Eloise paused.
“Perhaps. Certainly, it has the river to its back. But the smoke the fires are giving off and the wind—I think many would die either way. In either case, if this ritual fails, the coven will leave. And we will only have the power to shield ourselves.”
The thought made Wiskeria cold inside. Lady Rie paused, licking her colored lips.
“Could you—take a group with you? If you left earlier?”
“If we had decided to leave now? Yes. But the fire is growing. And I cannot walk through flame unhindered. Belavierr might. Califor could ride through it, and Mavika fly. But Hedag and I will have to run or ride. We will try if it comes to that. But we must use every option. Have you any left? Hedag is going to clear more space at the firebreak.”
“She is? Durene’s there with some people. They’re trying to give us more space—”
Ryoka pointed towards the fields. She looked around. Then she slapped her forehead.
“Of course! Let’s call for help! What if we got a [Weather Mage] here?”
“They’d have to be present to call rains, Ryoka. And it’s not possible. Unless they could move like a Courier—”
“It’s possible! And there’s someone else who could extinguish the blaze!”
Ryoka suddenly looked hopeful. She whirled and looked at Lady Rie.
“Magnolia Reinhart.”
“Reinhart?”
