6.46 E
Page 13
“We cannot take all the children.”
Mavika hissed impatiently. Hedag cradled an infant in her arms. Her eyes were unblinking. And there was that same terrible light in them as when she had swung her axe.
“No. But your crows might lift some. Some might fall and die. ‘Tis up for the parents to decide. Those that can run will come with us. No more than fifty.”
Mavika paused and nodded. Eloise’s gaze was distant. She bowed her head.
“Very well. We can try to part the flames for that many. But there are more that will follow. They’ll try to stop us.”
“Let them try. My flock will chase those who follow away.”
Mavika’s eyes were dark. Wiskeria looked around. The hope and panic had turned dark. People were watching. Listening to the [Witches]. More were congregated around the river. Some had gone back to the village, were returning with hammers, wood.
Galloping hooves. Ryoka spun. Charlay stopped in front of her. The Centauress gulped, coughed. The sky was orange. The flames had turned the sky glowing. In the distance, everything was smoke and fire.
“Ryoka. I’m going. Are you coming?”
“Charlay?”
Ryoka looked up at her. And then she looked around. Wiskeria was watching her. Ryoka hesitated.
“Charlay, the fire’s everywhere. I’m staying. The [Witches] might not give you safe passage. If you helped carry them, maybe—”
“No. I’m going. I can run faster than anyone else. If you wanted to come with me—”
Ryoka hesitated. She felt it too. Fear. She was afraid. But—it was already too late. She shook her head.
“The fire’s already surrounding us. The safest thing is to go with the [Witches] if they’d let us, Charlay. And that’s…we could survive here. I’ll try to blow the fire away when it gets close. With the river, there’s a chance—stay here!”
But the Centauress shook her head.
“I’m sorry. I don’t want to die either.”
She turned. Ryoka shouted, desperately.
“Charlay! Don’t! No matter how fast you run, the smoke will kill you!”
There was no way the Centauress could break through that much fire. Charlay looked back once.
“I’m sorry!”
Then she ran. Ryoka wavered. And then she ran, shouting.
“Charlay! Don’t! It’s—”
Seeing Ryoka run after Charlay was the last straw. Wiskeria saw the last group of people not frantically working with Prost run to the river. But why there? The [Witch] saw as she spotted a group of makeshift boats. And leading them, at the head of a group of Lancrel’s folk, was Councilwoman Beatica. The woman was shouting at Lady Rie, who was arguing with her.
“You will not make it down the river, Councilwoman! Listen to me, all of you!”
Lady Rie was shouting to make herself heard. But no one was listening. Panicked, they grabbed for the overladen, crude boats. That was what Lancrel’s people had been doing, rather than working on the firebreaks. Wiskeria felt a surge of fury. And then she heard Beatica’s high, panicked voice.
“We are leaving! We’ll go down the river in boats! The water will give us safety!”
“You’ll die! Do you think the river will protect you? The water will boil you if you swim and if you go in boats, you’ll die to the heat and smoke! The wind is blowing—”
Lady Rie’s voice fell on deaf ears. Beatica screamed and the first boat shoved off. A huge crowd of people followed it into the water, grabbing at the other boats. Several capsized; the rest shoved down the river, overladen. More people followed, swimming, trusting to the water. Wiskeria looked up and saw Lady Rie’s pale face.
“They could make it.”
