6.46 E
Page 5
Silence after that. There wasn’t much more to say. Alevica looked up, her mouth opening and closing. It was Califor who moved first.
“Very well. I motion that this coven leave. The fire encircles us, but it is yet weak to the south. Combined, we may punch through the blaze. Nanette, gather your things. We are leaving.”
“Miss Califor!”
Wiskeria shot to her feet. Califor fixed her in place with a glance.
“You have an issue with this, Witch Wiskeria?”
“Riverfarm needs help! The fire’s coming for the village! They’ll all burn if we don’t stop the fire!”
“Can we?”
Califor’s blunt words made Wiskeria pause. The older [Witch] shook her head. Her gaze was focused, her words sharp.
“Fire moves fast, Witch Wiskeria! It can outrun people on foot if the wind is right. And this Drake has plotted his vengeance against this Emperor Godart and his people. If he is backed by a Walled City, it explains the magic that we were unable to move. With a ritual, we might defeat his control over the weather. But by that time, flight will be even more difficult. I will not risk Nanette’s life or this coven’s. You should think of yours.”
“But—we could try. Please? We’re the only ones who can! Laken would owe you all a great debt! If you tried a ritual—”
Wiskeria pleaded with the rest of the coven. They looked at her gravely, even Hedag. Eloise was hesitating. But it was Nanette who spoke up.
“Can’t we try the ritual? Please, Miss Califor?”
She looked up tearfully at Miss Califor. The older [Witch] hesitated.
“You are too young to risk your life, Nanette. Moreover, we are [Witches]. We behave according to our natures. We are not obligated to save lives. Especially with a risk such as this.”
“But Wiskeria said we could try. Please?”
Nanette looked around. She fiddled with her hat, and then took it off. She bowed to the rest of the coven, the older [Witches].
“I like it here. The people aren’t always good. But there are good people among them. They have been kind to us [Witches]. And—and if we could try, surely we should? I ask the coven to hear my request.”
“Nanette…”
Wiskeria breathed. But then she looked around. The other [Witches] exchanged glances. Belavierr paused and looked at her daughter. And Califor looked at Nanette’s face and sighed. One by one, they nodded. Mavika tipped her hat.
“By your request, Witch Nanette, and Witch Wiskeria’s, this coven will try. The fire builds with each passing second. So the ritual must be done within the hour.”
“If we must do it, we will need a place. A focus. And a purpose.”
Eloise spoke briskly. Califor was nodding impatiently. She sighed as Nanette beamed in relief.
“Hold on, what if we’re for leaving?”
Alevica’s protest was met by six cold stares. The Witch Runner looked around.
“Damn it. Fine. What about the river?”
“Sympathy. I agree. We have no place of power, so it will do. The purpose should be to call rain, obviously. We don’t have the moons or anything else for a great working. And the focus? I have a vessel of carved wood.”
Califor looked around. Hedag sighed and reached for her bag.
“I have something. I traded for this a time ago. It’s yet to be polished, but it might do if no one else has better to offer.”
She produced a small aquamarine, uncut and unpolished, but sparkling. Califor nodded. Belavierr peered at it.
“In that case, I will add a binding of thread, a weather-pattern charm to both. Give me vessel and focus.”
