6.46 E
Page 23
The tears ran down her cheeks and she screamed. Far ahead, the rider was slowing. The horse was failing. And the woman slumped in the saddle. But on they went. A blazing pair, their steps slowing as the flames found nothing left to take. They burned the [Witch]. Devoured her. And there she stopped. Wiskeria ran towards her mother, weeping.
“No. No.”
The Drake flew downwards, screaming. He was spent, coughing. But he had his spear. He dove. And Alevica’s crossbow bolt struck him in the chest. The Drake twisted, and the [Witch] slashed at him, cutting his arm. He snarled and slashed at her, and she flew backwards.
A shriek pierced the black sky. Mavika dove, a monster of wings and the Drake screamed and struck at her. She ignored the jabbing spear and tore at him.
To earth he fell, snarling. He stood, bleeding, and drank from a bottle. The old [Witch] who he saw first he charged with his spear raised. And the [Executioner]’s axe caught him across the neck.
“[Headman’s Last Cut].”
The [Infiltrator] jerked. The Oldblood Drake, the smiling man, twisted. He looked into Hedag’s eyes as the axe cut into his neck and shoulder. He jerked away, stumbling. His life’s blood spattered to the ground. Hedag lifted her axe for a second strike, but the Drake spat one last plume of fire, warding her off.
“Healing potion. Healing…”
He reached for it. And he drank it. Splashed it on the wound. But it refused to close. The Drake looked up into Hedag’s eyes. And she smiled like the sun.
The Drake looked around. The [Witches] stood around him. He reached for his spear. But his arms were out of strength. He gasped, trying to slow the blood with one class.
“I am one. Just one. Someday, Humans. We will bring you all to justice. Every last one.”
The [Witches] said nothing. They watched as the Drake slowly sat down. He looked at the blood on his claws. Faintly, slowly, the [Infiltrator] looked up.
“I’m cold.”
He stared up at the sky and died. The [Witches] watched. Then they turned as Wiskeria wept and the last of the fire went out. They bowed their heads and removed their hats.
At last, the rain began to fall.
 
—-
 
Charlay found Ryoka. The Centauress was weeping, running from burnt logs to felled trees, calling Ryoka’s name. She found the young woman lying on the ground. Her potions had been destroyed by the fire. Her clothes were barely intact, more fused to her charred flesh than anything.
But she was alive. Charlay hugged her and gave her potions, her hands slipping. It was wet. The rain was falling on the charred landscape. A light drizzle. It hurt Ryoka, until the potions did their work. Gently, Charlay carried her back to the others. Ryoka muzzily kept asking whether the others were okay.
Some had died. Two thirds of the people who had tried the river had perished. Mayor Rodivek had died along with many of Lancrel’s folk. Somehow, Councilwoman Beatica had survived. As if to prove that the fire had taken lives without discrimination.
Those who had fled by ground had perished almost down to the last person. The fire had been too much for anyone on foot or even horseback to outface. Only two [Witches] came back riding unscathed. Nanette was pale, shaking, incoherent as she rode past Ryoka. Califor’s face was blank as she looked at the destruction.
