6.46 E
Page 4
Fear began to turn into panic. And the flames came onward as the sky turned black and red.
 
—-
 
The coven was, by universal consensus, one of the worst covens to have ever formed in the history of [Witches]. No one would debate that. Mother and daughter? [Witches] at odds with each other, having to meet to discuss crises instead of gathering for a monthly or bimonthly meeting at most? That was not the function a coven should occupy.
But sometimes, a coven handled disasters. And so they met. Seven [Witches]. Alevica had to be helped into a chair; the Witch Runner was still pale and weak. Wiskeria sat, staring at her mother. Even Belavierr looked focused. The [Witches] sat down, murmuring.
“Tea, anyone?”
“Just a cup.”
“Got anything to eat?”
“Stale jerky.”
“Pass it over.”
Rustling. Chomping sounds from Hedag and Mavika. Silence. And then a voice.
“Well, this is a mess, isn’t it?”
Wiskeria looked at Hedag. The [Executioner] leaned against the table. And her smile was bitter.
“Looks like it’s a mess of a war, then. The Drakes and Humans fighting. Messy business.”
“Not what we came for.”
Califor agreed. She glanced out the window. All the [Witches] could feel it. The fire was a distant power, growing in strength. Wiskeria shuddered. Alevica looked pale and weak as she met Wiskeria’s eyes. Nanette was frightened. The older [Witches] glanced at each other. Eloise put down her cup.
“The odds we could stop something like that?”
“I cannot conjure rain. And that blaze the Drake sets would devour my flock. Him, I mark and blame. But I can do nothing of the flame.”
Mavika hissed. Hedag nodded.
“If it were a regular forest fire, I’d trust to fire breaks and the river. But the wind blows ill. I’ve seen it blow like this twice before and both times the villages were lost in front of that fire. It will travel across rivers and consume before rains take it. And not a moment before. Califor?”
The [Witch] tapped a finger on the table as the others looked to her.
“I agree. To stop it would require a truly powerful amount of magic. A ritual? Perhaps it might work, to summon rain. Anything more would require a grand working. A cost few [Witches] could pay. However, I ask the coven this: is this our battle to fight?”
The question went around the circle. The other [Witches] shrugged or frowned. Wiskeria held her breath. Califor’s gaze swept past her.
“The coven came to entreat an [Emperor] on behalf of [Witches]. In face of this Circle of Thorns and old threats returning. But if there is no empire, our purpose is gone.”
“Califor! We cannot leave this village in front of the flames.”
Eloise snapped as she put down her cup. Califor stared at her.
“Better we attempt to save ourselves first, Witch Eloise. Or do you believe we ourselves could escape this fire unhindered? It has the width and breadth of wildfire.”
Eloise hesitated. She looked left, towards Belavierr.
“If it were possible to stop, this [Emperor] would be indebted to us. I agree that it cannot be done without a ritual. Or…”
Belavierr looked up. She sat still at the table. And all the [Witches] recalled how she had burned. Belavierr’s voice was quiet.
“My magic is thread and needle. Cloth burns. Fire has ever been my weakness. And my spells have been burnt away. I could have conjured an army to build walls of dirt, or other constructions. They are gone. I could weave more, but that would take more time than the flames allow. Beyond that, I have nothing to use against fire.”
