6.46 E
Page 1
Tyrion Veltras’ ears rang. The lightning striking his family keep kept falling. The enchanted stones shook. The wards began to give way. The entire building was trembling, but the [Lord] ran.
“Ullim! Sammial! Hethon!”
He bellowed the names of his [Majordomo], his two sons. He found Ullim in his son’s room. They were hiding under their beds, as if this was an earthquake. Lord Tyrion stared at them.
“Lord Veltras! What’s happening?”
Ullim’s shouts were half-lost in the roar of falling lightning. The room kept lighting up with blinding light. Tyrion bellowed.
“We are under attack! Get my sons into the safe rooms! Move!”
“Father!”
One of his sons shouted, panicked. But Tyrion was already whirling. He ran, shouting, as his servants and guards raced through the keep.
“Jericha! To me!”
The [Mage] raced towards Tyrion, half-dressed, a wand in hand. Tyrion pointed at the windows.
“Drakes!”
He didn’t need to see them hidden in the cloud to know what was causing the lightning. Besides a [Mage] as powerful as Archmage Amerys, only one species could fly and command that much lightning. Jericha nodded.
“There are at least four, Lord Veltras! They’re hitting a city and villages as well! There are two above—I will rally a force of [Archers] and hold the battlements!”
“No. They’ll destroy you. They’re using the storm. Get me the Banner of House Veltras! And my shield! Gather every [Mage] and prepare to sortie!”
Tyrion snapped. Jericha nodded and both raced through the keep. Lord Tyrion himself strode to the armory where a portion of his house’s treasures were kept. The Banner of House Veltras could shield him from lightning. With it, he and his retainers could hold the keep.
But when the [Lord] strode onto the battlements armed for war, the lightning had already ceased. The Drake Oldbloods had failed to destroy the keep and the enchantments. So the lightning was already falling elsewhere. Tyrion stared across his countryside. And he saw the lightning falling, hitting fields, buildings. People—he raised his sword as Jericha hoisted the glowing banner.
“Warn every city in a hundred miles! There are Drake fliers in the air!”
“We can’t see them or catch them! Lord Veltras—”
Tyrion was already calling for his horse. But he could feel it too, in the pit of his stomach. It was a trap. And he realized as more frantic [Messages] came in, that he wasn’t the only one being targeted.
 
—-
 
“Lord Erill’s lands are beset by flame. Lady Ieka’s are suffering from lightning—as is House Veltras! Lord Pellmia is reporting multiple deaths—Tyrion Veltras is confirming it’s a Drake attack!”
Yitton read the [Messages] being transcribed with shaking fingers. He looked up, pale-faced.
“My home.”
“Does your wife report anything?”
“Nothing. She’s checked the weather, and my guards are on alert—”
“Then House Byres wasn’t considered important enough. Focus, Yitton! They went after me and Gralton instead of you! Can he send any [Riders]? Anyone who can fight a blaze like this?”
Laken snapped at Yitton. The [Lord] looked up. He reached for a message.
“Gralton—the plague. He hasn’t responded, Laken. We received word his kennels were filled with sick dogs—the Drakes must have—”
“Damn his dogs! People are dying!”
The [Emperor] shouted. He whirled. He could see Riverfarm coming alive. They had gotten his messages. But they were so slow. Fire moved too fast. Faster than people could run. Laken turned, his closed eyes seeking Yitton’s voice.
“The Drakes. Tell them to call the attack off. I know it’s them. Tyrion can’t prove it. I can. Tell them it’s the Drakes.”
