6.46 E
Page 24
What there was of it. For the fire had eaten away at a number of houses on the edge of the village of Riverfarm, but it hadn’t consumed the village. Nor had it touched the people who’d sheltered in the field. Between the [Witches] and the…end…Ryoka found most alive. Many were burned, but there were healing potions and bandages.
She saw the corpse and rider and the gathering as Charlay brought her through the crowd. Durene helped Ryoka off Charlay’s back and carried her. Ryoka asked to be put down, though she had to lean on her friends. She had to see. She stumbled forwards as the people parted. And her sigh was the only sound in the world.
“Belavierr.”
The fire had burnt her away. Her and the horse. It had made her thinner, burnt at her flesh, reduced the horse into barely…but still she sat there. There was no orange glow in her sockets. No clothing left. Just a body. She and the horse still stood upright. Two charred figures fused into one.
The [Witch] had died mid-laugh, her head thrown up to the sky. Ryoka wondered what Belavierr’s last expression had been. Happy? She whispered, numbly.
“I thought I could stop it.”
One of those gathered around the body looked up. Wiskeria was kneeling by her mother’s corpse, unmoving. Mavika looked at Ryoka. She bled, but the poison had been tended to. Her expression was sad. Nothing more. She nodded at Ryoka as the other [Witches] gathered around her.
“You could not prevent her death. But without you she might have died in vain. She made her choice. And she died a true [Witch].”
Ryoka looked at what remained of Belavierr. It was true. It had been a truly epic magic to end it all. She had contained a wildfire’s inferno in her body and carried it away from Riverfarm. All of it. The fire that had spread for miles had gone out with the [Witch].
And she was dead. Ryoka didn’t know what to say. Looking around, no one did. The people of Riverfarm silently looked on as Wiskeria wept for her mother. They had hated and feared her in life. She had killed Ser Raim, turned Tagil against his companions and to his death. She had manipulated, stolen life, and she had committed atrocities Ryoka couldn’t even imagine. But she had died for her daughter.
Her coven stood around her. Mavika watched in silence, her crows circling, her raven perched, watching. Califor held Nanette, who was shaking, covering her mouth, stroking her head and whispering to her. Eloise looked at Belavierr, mystified, her hat resting in her hands. Hedag leaned on her axe, looking old and tired and full of grief. Alevica was just sitting, staring up at the [Witch].
Wiskeria wept until there were no more tears, and she just lay there. At last, Prost spoke. He looked around, jerking his eyes away from the corpse.
“She deserves to be put to rest. We’ll cremate her? Or should we bury…?”
He looked around. Ryoka stared at him and the man looked at her, blankly.
“She deserves a proper funeral.”
Wiskeria raised her head at that. Her eyes were swollen, but she had finished weeping. At least for now. She stood, Mavika and Eloise supporting her.
“Fire is fine. She won’t mind. It’s only her…body. Besides, it was her death. She wouldn’t care.”
The villagers looked at each other. And slowly, they found wood. Still—glowing embers. They took the remains of houses. Built a pyre larger than any Ryoka had ever seen. It surrounded the [Witch], still mounted. And Wiskeria herself lit it. She had no words to say beyond a whispered goodbye. No one else could say anything.
“Goodbye, Mother.”
