6.46 E
Page 10
The Drake cursed as he battled the coven. With each scroll, the rain stopped, but the [Witches] were pushing. He could feel it, feel the cloud above him trying to disgorge its contents. But the scrolls were holding them off.
And yet—there was a limit to how many he had. The [Infiltrator] cursed as he reached for the last of his scrolls, as the [Witches] silently battled him, pulling at the sky. He raised it, desperately.
And then—Wiskeria felt the strain. In the circle, she looked up from her trance and gasped. The other [Witches] broke from their spell. Wiskeria pointed.
“No—”
It was the gemstone. It hadn’t been cut. And perhaps it had a fault, or it was simply that Hedag’s focus wasn’t strong enough to contain the magical battle. The aquamarine ensnared in the vessel of water cracked. The web of string binding it snapped apart. The [Witches] went flying as the magical backlash boomed and threw them across the circle, into the river.
In the sky, the Oldblood Drake went flying as well, the last scroll bursting with the backlash. He was falling! He flapped desperately, righting himself before he crashed on the ground—and then looked up and crowed triumphantly.
The sky was dark with smoke, but no rain fell. The Drake breathed out, and he unsteadily glared at Riverfarm. Then he unfurled the last two scrolls and nodded. His expression was dark as he looked at Riverfarm, no longer confident. Wary. He bared his teeth.
“Time to end this.”
 
—-
 
The ritual failed. Wiskeria felt the backlash hurl her backwards. She collided with Ryoka and sent the City Runner tumbling to the ground. She cried out from the impact. And she was lucky. The [Witches] standing closes to the river went flying into it. Including Nanette. Wiskeria saw the girl go in, robes and all. Headfirst—Nanette flailed wildly, caught by the moving current, deep.
“Nanette!”
Wiskeria fought to get up. She ran towards the river as Ryoka picked herself up. Eloise, Belavierr, they were getting up. Wiskeria ran, trying to shed her robes. Another figure sprinted fast her.
Califor was faster. She dove into the water and pulled the young [Witch] out. The water seemed to spit both [Witches] out. Califor lifted her apprentice and slapped her on the back. Nanette choked and vomited water and sobbed as Califor held her.
“What was—”
Ryoka halted, breathing hard. She stared at Wiskeria. The [Witch] muttered, feeling the shaking in her teeth, the queasy weakness in her stomach.
“Backlash.”
“The ritual failed.”
It wasn’t a question. Wiskeria looked up and nodded. And the hope surrounding her turned to terror. A low moan filled the watching crowd. Ryoka looked at Wiskeria. Disbelieving. Wiskeria looked for her coven, so she didn’t have to see the stares.
“But we could try again—we nearly had it! We could try—”
“Witch Wiskeria!”
Califor shouted at her. Wiskeria flinched. Califor came towards her, holding Nanette. The girl was sobbing, still coughing water. Califor held Nanette’s hand protectively, drawing the girl towards her.
“It failed, Witch Wiskeria! We cannot perform a ritual twice like a spell. It is time to leave. Nanette!”
“But—but—”
The girl sobbed, and looked past Wiskeria at the fire. Califor looked as well. The sky was filled with smoke. Then her gaze travelled lower. At the many faces looking at them. Her voice softened. But her grip tightened on Nanette’s shoulder. And it was filled with grim resolve.
“Nanette. We are going. We can do nothing more here.”
