6.46 E
Page 3
The Centauress was terrified. She began pawing at the ground, looking around frantically. Ryoka felt it too. Humans had used fire, but some animal part of her was terrified. It could sense the flames. Worse—the rational part of her agreed.
“It’s—there’s too many spots. Damn it, the fire’s everywhere!”
Ryoka pointed. The flames weren’t coming in any one direction. There was smoke directly ahead of them. And another patch to the left, a third far to the right—was that a fourth plume of smoke behind it? The young woman coughed as she turned back to Riverfarm.
It made so much sense. Normal fires didn’t happen like this. Wildfires happened in her world, but even arson was limited. Fire had been used in war, but this was different. That Drake could breathe fire and fly. Moreover, he was changing the wind to amplify the fires. The lack of rain had prepared this area for a truly deadly fire. This was beyond anything from her home.
“It’s coming.”
The two Runner girls felt the smoke intensify. Coughing, Ryoka turned.
“We have to go. Charlay? Charlay!”
The Centauress was frozen. Then she turned and galloped past Ryoka. But not before Ryoka had seen her head turning wildly, trying to find a path of escape. But that was the problem. The fire had engulfed the north, and was spreading east. But more fires were popping up. And if they ran south—
The Drake was still out there. Ryoka could see it clearly. He wanted them to run. He could set a fire anywhere he wanted. If they stayed, they died. If they ran, they died.
But Riverfarm was innocent! She wanted to scream it at him. Riverfarm’s people hadn’t participated in the attack on Liscor! But Laken had. Riverfarm’s [Engineers] had made the trebuchets. And did it even matter? The Drakes wanted to hurt the Humans. What was easier than destroying villages, farms, cities? Destroying the infrastructure of the north with a single Drake?
They had to stop it. Ryoka ran back into Riverfarm with Charlay, coughing and panting. Now a crowd had gathered and was staring at the horizon. Ryoka panted as Rie rushed out of the house, a slip of parchment in her hands.
“Is it…?”
“Fire. It’s everywhere. North, east—and more’s coming.”
Ryoka pointed to a smoke plume to the west. Encirclement. Lady Rie looked uneasily down the south road. Ryoka stared west. The mountain that had once buried Riverfarm lay that way. But to get to it, they’d have to go straight through a forest. And she wondered if the fire were already growing there.
“What did Laken say?”
She looked desperately at Lady Rie. Laken could see the countryside! If they could make a break for it—there were thousands of people in Riverfarm. They’d lose everything. But…stay? Riverfarm was made out of wood.
Rie’s face was pale. She looked around. The crowd was pushing forwards. Someone screamed.
“What’s going on? We demand answers!”
Councilwoman Beatica looked terrified as the rest. Ryoka spun. Beniar and the Blacksky Riders were dismounted, keeping people back. Rie looked at Ryoka.
“The [Witches].”
“What?”
“His Majesty says flight is unlikely to succeed. He is calling upon the coven to stop the fires if they can. Can they?”
She looked at Ryoka. And the young woman only gulped because she didn’t know. She turned with Lady Rie.
“Where are they?”
And then Ryoka really looked around. And she realized the [Witches], always so noticeable with their pointed hats, were nowhere to be seen. And Riverfarm’s people, many of which would have given anything to see the end of the [Witches], realized that at the moment they were needed—they’d disappeared.
