6.46 E
Page 25
Ryoka watched the fire burning upwards, licking at the wood which refused to burn in the light rain. The fire slowly, reluctantly, built. And as it built, at last, the broken voice burst out. A crying, weeping shout from a daughter.
“Mother!”
Nanette tore herself away from Califor. She ran forwards, sobbing. She would have run into the blaze had Wiskeria not caught her. She struggled, and she screamed.
“Mother! Mother! Mommy!”
The sound broke the silence. It twisted the solemnity, turned it to confusion and discord. Ryoka raised her head. She saw Nanette struggling, tears running down her face. Her coven held her back, confusion written on their faces. Wiskeria stared at Nanette. She looked at the burning corpse. Her mother.
“Mother? Nanette, she was your…”
Ryoka turned slowly. And she felt it. The coven looked up. Wiskeria slowly let go of Nanette as the blood drained from her face. She looked over at Miss Califor, who had let go of Nanette and stepped back.
And the thing that looked like Califor smiled. It raised its head. And Califor’s hat swept from her head. And Belavierr raised her true hat and placed it on her head. She smiled, a monster dressed in darkness. She spread her arms, wide, wide, and her smile filled her face.
“My beloved daughter.”
The mourners looked up. And then they looked at the burned [Witch]. And they understood. Ryoka stared in Belavierr’s eyes and she saw Belavierr’s true heart. The Stitch Witch laughed.
They came at her, all of them. Mavika and her flock, Ryoka with knife and wind. Charlay, Alevica, Eloise, Hedag—the axe met a needle as long as a sword. The crows choked as thread tangled them. The villagers screamed as their clothes tangled.
Belavierr swung her arm and cut open Mavika’s face with a needle. Eloise she met and the two traded blows. Belavierr stumbled and Eloise flew and struck the ground and didn’t move. Belavierr twisted her fingers and the hair of the two City Runners tangled, strangling them. Hedag swung again, and the needles struck her entire body. She stumbled back. Fell.
Prost stumbled, and stared down at the blood running from his perforated legs. Rie fell, screaming, as Geram tried to undo the threads choking her. Durene charged as Frostwing and Bismarck leapt. Belavierr crooked a finger and both bird and bear were pulled back by leashes.
Durene swung a fist and Belavierr raised an arm. The half-Troll girl’s fist struck cloth that acted as if it were steel. Belavierr’s hand flickered. Durene staggered back, her eyelids and mouth stitched shut.
Belavierr stood amid the screams, around the fallen coven. And she looked down at her daughter. She smiled, with all the love in her soul. Her daughter’s horror-struck gaze met her mother’s. Belavierr swung one arm out, and her smile was a terrible thing. She walked forwards and bent towards her daughter. She reached out and Wiskeria raised a shaking hand. Belavierr captured it. And her voice was soft.
“My beloved daughter. You will remember this day forever. You have found your craft, and you will be the first [Witch] of a new era. One of law. Of order. And you will be the greatest [Witch] of us all. This is my love for you, Wiskeria. This is what I can give you. I will be your craft. Stop me. Hunt me. For I shall never die until the day you stop me.”
Belavierr bent. She kissed her daughter on the forehead. And then she turned and walked away. She looked back once at Wiskeria, waved, and then she was gone.
The next day, Laken returned home.
 

