6.46 E
Page 22
It was hot. Wiskeria was trying to hold back heat and ember and smoke. She could feel the blood vessels bursting in her eyes, her nose. She staggered. The four other [Witches] stood with her, combining their power. They wavered and the fire advanced.
Durene was still trying to fight the fire with dirt and a shovel. The others had fled backwards, towards the center of the fields. A shrinking circle of people huddled together as the smoke and heat drove more and more towards unconsciousness. Wiskeria gritted her teeth. Just a bit longer. A bit longer and the flames might extinguish themselves! Run out of fuel!
Then a spark of light made her turn. She looked across the river and saw it. Bright flames. Burning brighter for what they consumed. A low groan escaped her lips. Riverfarm was on fire.
But the fire could not spread by the wind. Ryoka had set it free. Wiskeria watched the village begin to burn. And then she turned her attention ahead. The fire had halted. The fields gave it so little to consume and the firebreak had stopped it. Wiskeria held her ground. And she held it. They could do this. They could!
And then her death fell from the skies on copper wings. The Drake breathed fire. And his ignited the earth itself. The [Witches] looked up and scattered. And the fire, unblocked, raced forwards.
“Burn! All of you!”
The Drake roared his fury. Wiskeria fell to one knee as the other [Witches] dodged. She saw Eloise raise her hand. Together, they tried to stop the flames. And the fire’s backlash set Eloise aflame. The old [Witch] screamed.
Wiskeria saw the fire racing forwards, burning and adding to the Drake’s flames. They went straight for Riverfarm’s folk who cried out in fear and despair. The Drake laughed. Wiskeria lay on the ground, spent. She looked up as the fire touched her and began to burn her.
“I tried.”
She tried to cry. But it was too hot. She lay there, burning. And the scream bubbled at her lips. Her people were screaming behind her, catching flame as the Drake burned them, as the fire burned them all.
Riverfarm.
People.
[Witches].
Then the mother made her choice. And Wiskeria, burning, saw a figure riding through the fire. The horse she rode was black. And she sat on it, her hat pointed. Her eyes flashing. Her voice was like thunder.
“Halt, fire! You race and burn everything away! But I, I have a life I must save! So burn, and follow me!” 
“Mom?”
The [Witch] rode forwards. Her voice called the flame. It raced up her horse and the horse caught fire. The [Witch] screamed. The fire was consuming her. Wiskeria raised her head. The flames on her had gone out. The [Witch] rode on, and the fire leapt from the people. It abandoned the ground and raced after her. She clutched her hat to her head as she rode past Wiskeria, a fireball.
“Come, flame, I offer my magic and craft. I offer a [Witch]’s bones, a mother’s love! I offer my life to turn your wrath! So come and burn away. That my daughter might live one more day.”
“Mother!”
Wiskeria shouted, but the [Witch] didn’t look at her. She was riding away, towards the river. Pulling the flames—all of them after her. They roared across the ground, leaving the village, leaving the [Witches]. Burning her.
She rode ablaze with light. And she laughed. She cackled. The [Witch] raced on, back through scorched ground. Wiskeria sobbed.
“Mother. Mother!”
