6.47 E
Page 31
She ran north, towards Lord Gralton’s lands. Charlay was there, waiting. She hadn’t returned with the [Witches]—apparently she’d cracked a hoof on the run north. Ryoka was wondering what kind of joke she should tell—unless Charlay was really upset.
North, and then further still. Ryoka was going back to Reizmelt. She had gold, an [Emperor]’s favor for what it was worth, and she had more regrets. More sorrow. But part of her was forging it all into something which gave her the strength to continue.
Determination. Ryoka thought of her friends. Fierre, Levil, Erin.
Mrsha.
She had to go back. And she had to run forwards. So she did. Ryoka Griffin ran down a forest road, alert for any sounds or light. And she was so focused on noticing one or the other it was only after a moment she realized there was neither.
Slowly, the City Runner stopped in the shadow of the trees. It was fitting. So when she turned, she knew who it was before the [Witch] was visible in the shadows.
“You. How dare you?”
“Good night to you, Ryoka Griffin. I have business with you.”
Belavierr stood, her hat wide, her robes darker than the shadows around her. Her eyes did not glow. But the orange eyes and black rings still terrified under the moonlight. She was no immortal. Not anymore.
But she was still Belavierr. Ryoka reached for the bag of holding at her side. The Stitch Witch didn’t reply. Ryoka drew a weapon, and then another. She shouted at the [Witch].
“I thought you were just—just different! Not evil. Not a monster. I’ve met immortals. And you’re the worst of them.”
“Indeed? Worse than Perril Chandler?”
“Who the hell is—”
Ryoka’s words died in her mouth. Belavierr smiled. She gestured to Ryoka’s face.
“You have met with him. I see the magic on your tongue. Faded. He is still alive. Good. He owes me a favor.”
The young woman paused. She stared at Belavierr. And then she shook her head.
“She will never forgive you. Wiskeria will hate you forever.”
The words were meant to hurt. But Belavierr’s smile just drank them in.
“Good.”
“Good? I thought you loved her! I thought she was your daughter?”
Ryoka howled at Belavierr. The Stitch Witch slowly shook her head. She watched as Ryoka circled her, tense. Belavierr replied calmly.
“I give my daughter purpose. I give her something.”
The City Runner spat.
“So that’s it. That’s all you want, isn’t it? Give your daughter something. And because she hates you—you can be whomever you want. Because you know your daughter cares.”
“Perhaps.”
Ryoka didn’t waste any more words. She just attacked. She threw the silver knife and lunged with the cross-stake made of wood. Belavierr took one small step and went around Ryoka. The knife missed and Ryoka stumbled.
She whirled. Belavierr stood there, staring down at her. Ryoka raised the stake. And then she looked at Belavierr. She shook her head and walked past the Stitch Witch. She picked up the knife, stowed it and the cross. And she looked over her shoulder.
“I can’t kill you. Not even the wind wants to pick a fight with you. So forget it. Go fuck yourself. I’m out.”
Ryoka raised two fingers and began to back up. She turned—and Belavierr was standing in front of her.
“You—”
This time Ryoka’s fist hit Belavierr in the chest. But it felt like she’d broken it. Ryoka bent over. The Stitch Witch’s robes were hard as steel! Belavierr calmly waited. Ryoka looked up, sweating, pale.
“How do you do that?”
“I am a master of stitchcraft. Once, I made Seven-League Boots. Shoes aren’t much harder.”
The Stitch Witch’s matter-of-fact voice made Ryoka stare at her. The City Runner backed up.
