6.47 E
Page 24
“Damn. I’ll…she was loyal the entire time I was gone, Ryoka.”
“If she’s one of the Circle of Thorn’s members, she might want to turn you against Magnolia.”
Ryoka pointed out. Laken scrubbed his face.
“If she is. If she is, I’ll make my decision. Let’s…talk about something else. I’ll watch her, Ryoka. If you’re right, I’ll find out eventually.”
The young woman nodded. She sat in silence with Laken for a bit, and then thought of a topic.
“What are you going to do about the [Witches]?”
“I have a few thoughts. Would you like to talk about it?”
Laken smiled bleakly. Ryoka smiled too. The two sat across from each other, wary, trying to understand each other. Trying to be…friends. Ryoka laughed, forcing it a bit.
“Sure. But if you ask me how to make a ballista, I’m going to hit you again.”
Laken chuckled.
“Don’t worry. I’m pretty sure I could work one out myself.”
And this time Ryoka’s laughter was genuine. She reached out and punched Laken.
“Ow!”
And they sat there and talked, until Gamel brought dinner. And they might have been friends. Or they might have already been friends. Ryoka didn’t know.
She left that night. Before the other [Witches] returned. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to know what happened next. It was just that Ryoka had a fairly good idea of what Laken would do. And this was not her empire. Strangely, unsettlingly, and rightly, it was his. He belonged here. And she—
She had to go. She had friends in Reizmelt. She had a friend in Charlay. She would come back to see what he’d done. But Riverfarm—she’d done all she could here. So she left. And the [Emperor] sat and thought of all she’d talked to him about over that night.
He wished she’d stayed.
 
 
Day 76 
 
The coven met outside of the [Emperor]’s throne room and talked, quietly. They had come back. And they had been summoned not an hour after Eloise had flown back, riding on Alevica’s broom. Neither [Witch] had enjoyed the journey, but they gathered nonetheless. Mavika spoke, looking at the others in turn.
“He paid his promises due. I counsel caution, but remember that he has kept his words true.”
Eloise was next. Good advice came in threes, and the three oldest [Witches] gave it in turn.
“I counsel caution as well. [Emperors] have many tricks and Skills.”
“I counsel trust, then. For his people love him and the children too. And they have eyes that see through what adults do.”
Hedag laughed. The other [Witches] nodded. All but Nanette. She followed like a ghost. She had to be there, or the coven wouldn’t be whole. But it was already broken. Califor was gone. And Belavierr…
Wiskeria’s stomach clenched as she entered the throne room. She had spoken to Laken, about the events that had unfolded, but not in detail. And he had not told her how he felt about the other [Witches]. Nor could she promise the coven that they’d get what they wanted. But—here they were. And after all that had happened, Wiskeria stood with her fellow [Witches].
She could do nothing less.
“His Majesty, Emperor Godart, Protector of Durene’s Cottage, Ruler of Riverfarm and the surrounding area and sovereign lord of the Unseen Empire!”
Gamel cried the address as the [Witches] approached the throne. Alevica snorted. Hedag laughed. Wiskeria thought that Laken had intended it that way, but Eloise’s silent elbows made the other [Witches] bow slightly. And Laken nodded in reply.
“Approach, and speak freely.”
