6.47 E
Page 20
“Then that will be all, Gamel. Give us some room. And keep people away unless it’s an emergency.”
“Of course, your Majesty.”
The door closed. Gamel cast one curious look at Ryoka before the door closed. Laken sighed, sat back, and then spoke in a much more conversational tone of voice.
“I’m sorry it took so long to arrange a meeting. But I’ve been swamped—”
“So I see. It’s no problem. How’re things?”
Ryoka stretched out at the table, watching Laken closely. He didn’t turn his head to look at her. He was aware of where she was of course, but he didn’t react to her like someone with eyes would, and that was disconcerting. He was surer than she was of the locations of things around him, actually. Case in point, Laken reached to one side and lifted a cup without turning his head.
“They’ve been there a day. The [Witches], I mean. Your Centauress friend really did get there in two days. And apparently the [Witches] managed to figure out an antidote in record time.”
 
“According to who?”
Laken paused, and then he laughed.
“Ah, well, it was quick. Puts the [Healers] to shame, really. But apparently that [Witch]. Mavika? She’s experienced with Drake poisons and their venom. Apparently one of them was spitting it into the water supply and increasing the dosage.”
“Nasty. So the dogs are alright?”
“More or less. Lots of them died. And some people too, but Gralton cares more about dogs than…the rest are recovering. The [Witches] are headed back now. I’ll need to prepare Mavika’s reward if she wants it all at once. But you don’t need to hear about my issues.”
“Nope. We’re here to chat. Come on, take a load off.”
Ryoka gestured at the table. Laken smiled.
“Can I get you anything to eat? We’ve got snacks.”
“Huh. Well, maybe. Let me check. Oh—”
Ryoka got up and went to the cupboard. She frowned at what was inside. Then she motioned to Laken.
“Hey, uh, it’s not a snack, but—”
“What? Something wrong with the walnuts?”
Laken looked up with a frown. Ryoka motioned to him and he got up.
“I don’t know if you can see it with your [Emperor] vision. Come here.”
He walked over, past a chair, and straight into Ryoka’s fist. She hit him in the stomach as hard as she could—she didn’t feel like breaking a finger on his jaw.
Laken doubled over. He didn’t groan and he didn’t retch—he just fell over, clutching his stomach. Ryoka watched him doubled over on the floor in silent agony for a minute. She debated a kick, but thought better. After another minute, she heard a sound.
He was swearing in German. Ryoka listened a bit and stared at her hand. No good. She’d hoped it would feel different, but she still felt like she’d just sucker-punched a blind man. Not a great feeling.
Ryoka walked over and took a seat at the table again. Well, she did feel better now she’d gotten that out into the open. She addressed Laken on the floor.
“I hope you know why I did that.”
“—scheißkerl—I should have expected that.”
Laken tried to pull himself up on the chair. He winced, and decided to lie still for a second longer. Ryoka raised one eyebrow.
“You’re not going to call for Gamel and have me executed?”
“I’m not a tyrant.”
“Yet.”
Laken pulled himself up. He sat, doubled over, and his entire face was one grimace.
“So that’s what you really think of me. Don’t hold back. Start naming names. Let me guess. It starts with an ‘H’—”
Ryoka glared at him. She raised a fist and Laken flinched. Ryoka slowly put her hands back on the table.
