6.47 E
Page 13
He didn’t know why he did that. Frostwing was already screeching inside, and Laken was pushing Bismarck’s head away from licking him when Durene opened the door. The [Paladin] stared at Laken. He stared back.
“It’s good to see you, Durene. May I…come in?”
“Oh. Sure. I mean, we saw each other just—”
“Yeah.”
“…Come in! Of course! It’s your…”
Laken walked inside. The house wasn’t exactly like he remembered, but he’d known that as soon as he focused on it. Durene was sleeping in the kitchen, and someone had occupied her bed. It was messier, with more work needed on the roof and some unwashed dishes in the counter—Frostwing’s nest was bigger and Bismarck had made his own den around back—but it was familiar.
And not. So was Durene. Laken awkwardly stood with her for a bit before they sat down at the kitchen table. Neither one knew where to begin, and when they did—
“You brought Goblins back. And you took months doing it.”
“I had to, Durene. I explained it. Goblins are people—”
“Hah!”
“I thought you of all people would understand.”
“What’s that supposed to mean.”
“Durene, you’re half-Troll. Goblins are—”
“Trolls aren’t the same as Goblins!”
“No. But they’re both considered monsters. And neither are. Durene, Goblins—”
“Killed my friends! They killed the army and they burned and killed and hurt a bunch of people! You were there, Laken! Remember fighting them at Riverfarm?”
“I’d never forget. But—”
“But what? But what?”
“Listen to me! But they’re not all alike! Or are all Humans alike?”
“They’re evil. All of ‘em.”
“How can you say that?”
“How can you say there are good ones? Has anyone ever met a good Goblin? No one has!”
“Maybe because no one’s given them a chance. How many good Trolls can you name?”
“Don’t you dare—”
“If I let them die, the army would have hacked them to pieces. Goblins who’d surrendered. Goblins who couldn’t fight. Children.”
“…”
“Don’t give me that look.”
“I’m not giving you any look. You can’t even see it.”
“I can tell you’re giving me a look, Durene. I have an [Emperor]’s senses.”
“Well, why didn’t you sense how I felt about this!”
“Because it’s not about you, Durene.”
“How is it not about me when the Goblins killed my friends?”
“I—I’m sorry. You’re right, it affects you. But Durene—those Goblins are people. And if I killed them, or let them die, knowing what I do now, I’d never forgive myself. And I wouldn’t be an [Emperor]. Or at least, not one you’d like.”
“…”
“The Goblins stay, Durene. And they’ll be protected, given the same rights as anyone else. If they kill someone, they’ll be punished. If they steal, they’ll be punished. And if someone kills a Goblin, I will treat them like a murderer.”
“No one’s going to like it. And I bet you anything that people like Ram’ll go after the Goblins. If they don’t attack us in our sleep. Are you at least watching them?”
“I have a guard on them now. To protect them from Humans, among other things. It doesn’t matter if you don’t like them, Durene. In fact, it’s fine that way. I’ve got a plan. It may work. But it doesn’t matter if people hate the Goblin’s guts. I will show them…”
Laken trailed off. Their first fight hadn’t been the worst. No one had broken anything. But Laken was more upset by this than anything else this day. He stroked Frostwing’s head as the bird huddled in his lap. He could tell Durene was looking at him. At last, she burst out with it. The Goblins were only part.
“What happened? Laken, what happened when you left? Why was it so long? Why did…what happened?”
