6.47 E
Page 10
Charlay was thunderstruck. Laken charming.
“Of course. Dustrider Charlay, I must thank you for aiding Ryoka as well as coming to Riverfarm’s aid in its time of crisis. I will not forget it, but at this moment I have a request. Tell me, would you consent to a delivery? I would like to send a [Witch] straight to Lord Gralton’s lands. And a letter, from me, explaining the situation.”
The Centauress looked pleased, and then alarmed.
“I can do it! But—wait a second. I have to carry someone? On my back?”
He only smiled. Ryoka nearly did. But she was watching him. Hesitating. At last, Charlay nodded.
“Well—if it’s Eloise, sure! If it’s Alevica, forget about it!”
“Up yours, horse. I can fly!”
Laken ignored Alevica. He nodded.
“In that case, I would prevail on you to transport Witch Eloise and a letter. For a delivery fee of…twenty five gold pieces?”
Charlay hesitated. Ryoka nearly whistled, but in the face of the price he’d offered the two [Witches], it wasn’t that much. It was good for a delivery that would probably be safe, just fast, but…Charlay gave Ryoka a side-long look.
“Well…I could definitely do it. If I uh, was paid a bit more? You’re paying the [Witches] um…twelve times what you’re paying me!”
“Sixteen, Charlay.”
“Sixteen!”
She looked hopeful as her tail swished back and forth. Laken frowned.
“Can you cure an entire province of poisoned dogs?”
“No…but I can run really fast.”
Charlay pouted. Laken paused.
“The distance is three days for someone on horseback without Skills. If you can make it in two, I’ll triple your fee.”
“Alright! In that case, get on Eloise! I’ll get you to this Gralton’s place in no time! Which way!”
Charlay reared and Laken dodged back, looking vaguely alarmed. He turned his head towards Ryoka and made a bemused face. Then Lady Rie was hurrying out with a map. The [Witches] crowded around. Mavika nodded.
“My flock and I can make the journey in two days as well. One, if the winds fly behind us.”
“I can make it in two days. Probably.”
Alevica gritted her teeth, poking her stomach. Laken looked around.
“Do so at all speed, please. Time is off the essence. Gralton’s dogs aren’t all dead, but many are dying by the hour. As are his people, to a lesser extent. I will send him a [Message] informing him you are arriving. He will give you all the aid you require. However, do you need anything prepared in advance?”
The [Witches] conferred briefly. Mavika looked up.
“If it is plague, Feverwort. If it is poison—easier. Eloise’s teas purge the body. I have other ways. Sage’s Grass if it is poison. Sage’s Grass, pure charcoal and the venoms of many creatures. Preferably the Drake who spat poison if it lives.”
“I’m told Gralton’s surviving dogs ripped it apart. But I’ll send a [Message] at once. Nesor!”
Laken called, and the young man standing at the table behind him jumped. Ryoka watched as Laken conferred, began working on a map with Lady Rie—and then Mister Prost entered the room to receive his own copy of a map with fishing spots. Ryoka’s hermit-fisher friend was one of the people he sent to collect the bounty. And Ryoka—just watched.
