6.47 E
Page 2
“I have never doubted you for a moment, sire. Not since the day you found my family in the snow.”
Prost spoke, his head bowed. Laken nodded.
“Then I will answer that faith. Rise, my [Steward]. I am back. And though much grief has passed, I intend to begin mending my errors. Rise. And look: I did not return alone.”
He pointed. Ryoka saw, behind him, another procession travelling on foot. A few were mounted, but the majority of the [Engineers] and [Builders] walked. They too broke into a run when they saw the gathering. And one of the mounted men, Gamel, raced towards the crowd with Tessia riding behind him.
“Gamel! Tessia!”
“It’s the [Engineers]! They’ve all returned!”
Some of the villagers exclaimed excitedly. Laken nodded, and those who knew the people running towards them broke out of the crowd and met them. The delighted laughter and exclamations felt odd to Ryoka’s ears. Unfamiliar after so long without hearing them. But oh, so welcome.
The young man on horseback, Gamel, dismounted. He bowed precisely towards Laken.
“Your Majesty.”
“Thank you, Gamel. Tessia, your parents are over that way.”
Laken pointed to his left. Tessia cried out and ran to an older couple fighting their way through the crowd. Gamel smiled. Laken turned his head.
“Do you have anyone you would like to see, Gamel?”
“No one not buried, your Majesty. And they can wait. Your orders?”
The [Emperor] paused. And then he nodded.
“Very well, Gamel, with me. Mister Prost, Lady Rie, Durene, and Lord Yitton, would you all walk with me?”
Laken turned his head. And Ryoka saw him nod once towards her. But then he set off, with the five people trailing after him. The crowd parted as Laken walked forwards. The [Emperor] turned his head.
“Lady Rie, a delight to hear your voice.”
“You flatter me, your Majesty. Was your return uneventful?”
“Besides witnessing the devastation? Quite. However, my delayed return has given me time to assess the damage. We have much to do.”
“Yes, sire. Only—”
Prost hesitated. Laken turned towards him.
“Yes, Mister Prost?”
The [Steward] wavered. Their conversation was being followed by everyone present. And the moment of Laken’s arrival was passing. Ryoka could see the others appraising him. Waiting on his words. Prost raked a hand through his greying hair.
“I don’t know where to begin. The fire that…Drake caused didn’t damage Riverfarm much. But there was a [Witch].”
“Belavierr. Yes. I understood most of what transpired from Lady Rie’s [Message].”
Laken’s word caused a shudder to run through those around him. The [Emperor] paused. And he looked around.
“Mister Prost, I understand. Riverfarm has been through so much. But, surely you haven’t reached the limits of your stamina the moment I return? Or am I overestimating you [Farmers] and village folk?”
He smiled at the slight flush on Prost’s face. Laken shook his head, forestalling the man’s reply.
“I know. Yet, we have been through worse, Prost. I remember a village covered in snow. A time when we fought in the streets of Riverfarm. We have seen times just as dark. And each time, Riverfarm rebuilt itself. This time, mercifully, there is more left. And I will replace the rest piece by piece. But I can’t do it alone. May I lean on you for help?”
“Of course. Of course, your Majesty.”
Prost’s voice cleared. And he looked around, assessing, a spark back in his eyes. Laken nodded.
“This is still a home. And it has weathered both ice and fire. And I am finally back. So, let us get to work! And then break open the stores and toast and mourn! Miss Yesel! Chimmy!”
