6.47 E
Page 5
“Mister Prost, you’ve done a splendid job as [Steward], as has Lady Rie. But no man or woman can handle an entire village alone, let alone one of Riverfarm’s size. Thus, I am naming Mister Ram my [Head Farmer], and Forewoman Beycalt my [Construction Supervisor]. Both will be in charge of their respective fields and have the authority to issue orders and promote people below them to jobs such as [Foreman]. Or [Forewoman].”
“Promoted?”
Ram exclaimed. Beycalt’s eyes bulged.
“[Supervisor]?”
“Of course. A [Forewoman] can’t handle Riverfarm’s construction, can she? Nor can Mister Prost manage everything himself. You’ve both held your positions of authority under him. I am simply confirming it. With a class change. Let me know if you don’t level up.”
Laken turned, smiling slightly. Then his voice sharpened again.
“Mister Prost, Supervisor Beycalt, Headman Ram, please take whomever you need! Mister Prost will confer with you.”
The [Steward] nodded, and, beaming, clapped Ram on the shoulder. The former [Rancher] pointed at Laken. So did Beycalt.
“But he just—a [Supervisor]?”
“To work, Beycalt! And you, Ram! It’s nothing you can’t handle, or his Majesty wouldn’t have chosen you. All you have to do is pick folks you know can do the job. Just like before. Beycalt, you know who can swing a hammer! We’ll start with the edges first, and Ram, how many hands do you need to replant and expand?”
“Well—”
The confused expression faded from both’s faces. They glanced back at Laken and he nodded. He looked sideways and addressed the young man walking beside him.
“Gamel. Please introduce Tessia and our [Engineers] to Supervisor Beycalt. They’ll be helpful in setting up those houses. And get me a big piece of parchment as well. Riverfarm’s layout is good, but I want to update it. I’ll need—”
“Drawing charcoal sire, I will have it in a minute. [Engineers], with me!”
Gamel’s call stirred the crowd. He turned and marched backwards, towards Tessia and the others. And then Prost, Ram, and Beycalt were calling names, and men and women, realizing they’d be called on, were halting. Meanwhile, the procession was continuing, heading into the village. Laken was glancing up at the sky, or rather, tilting his head up since he didn’t need to see.
“I feel like I’m going to be hit in the head with a raindrop any second. Let’s get ready for rain. And get some food ready! Have people had a filling meal, Lady Rie?”
“Some food, yes, Emperor Godart. I wouldn’t call it filling.”
“Then let’s have a rolling lunch. [Cooks] to their stations! We have a number of cookhouses now, don’t we? We’ll run food out to the [Farmers] if it’s not pouring. But that’s a smaller task. Now—the second issue. Beniar! Why are you hanging back there?”
He waved at the crowd. At his words, the armored [Cataphract] pushed his way forwards, beaming.
“Your Majesty! I didn’t want to presume!”
“And here I was expecting you to ride me down and hug me in that uncomfortable armor. Get over here! You’re needed! The Darksky Riders have been Riverfarm’s shield and sword—I’m going to have to expand your ranks as well as honor the lot of you!”
There was a whoop from behind Beniar. He strode forwards as Laken turned, taking the course around the village. He gestured at Lady Rie and Beniar next. Ryoka, hurrying to watch him, saw Lord Yitton watching with approval and fascination—Durene with pride.
