6.47 E
Page 18
The Goblin instantly stepped over the line. Ryoka, Beniar—all of the Humans tensed. Laken just chuckled. The Hobgoblin watched, expectantly. Laken nodded.
“Well now, you’re on my land. So that means my laws apply. Steal, harm, or break the laws of Riverfarm and you will face the consequences. And I will tell you each of the laws if you ask. While you are on my land, you will be treated like people. If someone harms you, I will know. And I will punish the guilty. But I cannot promise you will be safe.”
The Hobgoblin stared at him. He looked at the other side of the line. Walked across it. Then he kicked some dirt over the line as if to say, ‘so what’? Laken nodded patiently.
“Beyond this line are Goblin lands. Your territory. And your rules. Perhaps someone will have need to cross this line. If, for instance, some Goblins took something that belonged to Humans. Someone shot a deer and it ran across this line. Sometimes, Humans may need to cross this line. But whether and how we do is up to you. How you act.”
He waited. The Goblins waited. Some of them began picking their noses. Laken continued, undeterred.
“The line isn’t just here. It continues. From here straight up to that mountain. I also warn you that I control much of the land to your south. But if you go south and west too far, you will run into lands claimed by Humans. This immediate area is my territory, for at least twenty miles south of here. And my people will patrol my borders while not stepping onto Goblin lands. You see? Along the river is how far it goes. We will put people down the river, and catch those who might try to hurt you if we can. But again—you know us Humans.”
The Goblins stirred. So did Ryoka. Laken wasn’t promising them much. You know Humans. It was practically a warning. But Laken was saying…Ryoka’s eyes narrowed. The [Emperor] continued, and both Humans and Goblins were listening, trying to figure out what his game was.
“I can see what happens on my land, by the way. I can see what you do. You can try taking vengeance. Or you can run off. I’ll stop you if you attack Humans. I won’t stop you if you run off, or protect you. And this is the only thing I will ever give you. This line. Oh—and this.”
He pointed casually to something behind the Goblins. They turned around and stared at the pile of objects and opened crates. One of them stared inside. A little Goblin poked his hand in and pulled something out. Laken nodded.
“Hammers. Nails. Hoses. Shovels. Etcetera. And food to last you a week, if you manage it. That’s all. Do with it as you will. And remember—my line. My territory. That’s yours.”
He turned and began to walk away. The Goblins stared at his back. Beniar’s jaw was practically falling off his face. Ryoka could feel the disbelief in the air from both sides. That was it? But Laken only stopped once.
“Oh, and one more thing.”
Hundreds of stomachs and butts instinctively clenched. This was it. The [Emperor] pointed back towards the crate.
“It’s right on top of the pillows. Try not to break it.”
The Goblins stared at the crates. The [Emperor] smiled once.
“See you.”
And then he walked away. Slowly, the Humans followed. Some of them were already arguing with the [Emperor].
“Your majesty! We have to set a guard!”
“Then set one.”
“They have weapons!”
“Well, if they use them, I’ll know. This is what an army’s for, Beniar. Speaking of which, we need to begin recruitment and training.”
“But—”
“What else do you want, Beniar? I’ll let you have it. But no killing Goblins. Anything else I’m fine with.”
