6.47 E
Page 3
He reached out, addressing the girl and woman in the crowd. Others gathered around. Laken turned, addressing people by their names. Smiling. Prost had to eventually shout for order, and help Laken extricate himself from the crowd. Laughing, the [Emperor] continued onwards.
“Very well, Mister Prost. I see that Riverfarm’s folk are hale and hearty. But the village is quite a bit bigger than I remember. Will you introduce me to the newcomers?”
He turned and faced the other folk. They shifted, a bit disconcerted by the stare that was not a stare with Laken’s closed eyes. Prost nodded.
“These are folk from other towns and villages, your Majesty. Some from small places like Fendele, others larger places like Tulntown. Most are from Lancrel, though.”
“Ah, yes. Lancrel.”
Laken murmured. A shadow crossed his brow. He nodded, turning his head to regard the crowd.
“I welcome you all. I regret that I was not here earlier. And I thank you for your efforts in building Riverfarm. I am Laken Godart. Riverfarm’s [Emperor]. I will meet with all of you in time and learn who each of you is. Today though, we have work to do. Riverfarm has endured a great disaster. But it stands. And it will become greater still.”
Murmuring. The people watched Laken, some wary, others disbelieving. Many hopeful. Because he was blind. But Laken was confident. He didn’t hesitate.  He was turning back to Prost when a voice rang out.
“Excuse me! Excuse me! Make way!”
Ryoka, listening, winced as she saw a familiar face pushing through the crowd. And Councilwoman Beatica did have to push. Her metaphorical stocks were in the dumps after the disaster that had left her with some magically-healed burns and countless others dead in the river. But she still faced Laken, breathless.
“Pardon me. Your…Majesty.”
“Yes? Can I help you, Miss?”
Laken paused, turning back to Councilwoman Beatica with a bemused look on his face. Surely he had to know who she was—but his brows rose. Lady Rie glared and urgently whispered in his ear, but the [Emperor] stepped forwards.
Everyone was watching this too. Councilwoman Beatica smoothed her dress, straightened, and spoke with every shred of authority she had. She smiled ingratiatingly—until it occurred to her that was pointless on Laken.
“I am Councilwoman Beatica, your—your Majesty. And I am pleased to welcome you on behalf of—”
She got no further. Laken, with impeccable timing, raised his brows and exclaimed.
“A [Councilwoman]?”
He whirled, cutting off Beatica’s flow and frowned at Lady Rie.
“I didn’t know Riverfarm had elected a council. Nor that my people were intending to replace my [Steward], Mister Prost. What is the meaning of this, Lady Rie?”
For a moment the [Lady] looked as surprised as anyone else. Then she smiled.
“Your pardon, Emperor Godart, but I’m afraid you misheard Councilwoman Beatica. She was not referring to Riverfarm’s council.”
“Not referring to…?”
Laken’s frown made the smile on Beatica’s face waver. She licked her lips.
“I am of Lancrel, your Majesty, but as I was saying—”
“Ah, Lancrel. Of course.”
Laken lightly tapped the heel of his palm on his forehead. He smiled, and nodded. Then, suddenly, he focused on Councilwoman Beatica.
“This is Riverfarm, Miss Beatica. You are aware of that?”
The woman spluttered.
“Yes, but—”
The [Emperor] nodded happily. Then he walked right past her.
“I am delighted to meet you, Miss Beatica. However, I must attend to Riverfarm’s pressing needs at the moment. I look forwards to meeting you with the rest of my new subjects when time permits.”
“But—”
