6.47 E
Page 12
And the caravan moved, turning down the road. Ryoka saw the exclamations and fear and hatred on the people’s faces—but she was more curious about the resigned looks on the faces of the [Guards]. Not malice. And the Goblins just stared. They were watching Laken, looking around. Not with hostility, necessarily. But a keen intelligence. And Laken was watching them.
“I’ll have Gamel instruct Dintal. And I’ll need some of Beniar’s people and folk you can trust watching the wagons, Prost. No—I’ll make Dintal’s men stay another night. I’ll have to pay them well, too. But keep Riverfarm’s folk moving and they won’t be able to interfere until I settle matters with the Goblins.”
“Yes, your Majesty.”
Prost didn’t look happy as he kept staring at the wagons, but he did obey. That was a sign of loyalty alright. But Ryoka just stared at Laken. His head was still following the Goblin carts. And he eventually looked back at her. Laken didn’t smile this time. He just looked weary.
“Part of the road home, Ryoka. And there’s no road to redemption or forgiveness. But I have to do this.”
She didn’t reply. After a moment, Laken nodded back towards Riverfarm.
“Back to work. The Goblins will have to wait. They’ve waited for over two months; I’ll subject them to another day.”
He walked back towards the village. Ryoka saw him enter Lady Rie’s house, but she didn’t follow him. The City Runner looked around.
Riverfarm was in full bustle. And the three [Witches] had already left, along with Charlay. Only Wiskeria and Hedag remained. The [Executioner] was leaning on her axe, her eyes alight with interest as she watched people moving with a renewed sense of purpose.
“Some [Emperor] this is. I’d heard stories and I’ve met a [King], but this is a man like few others! Is it his class that does it, or him?”
She laughed. Ryoka would have liked to know that too. Wiskeria shook her head. She looked relieved. Relieved, and still heartbroken.
“He’s back. Finally.”
She made no move to follow Laken. Nor had he called for her among his advisors. But it was Hedag who pushed Wiskeria gently towards the house. She looked at the older [Witch].
“But I—”
“You’re the one who stayed here and forced us to come to you, Wiskeria-girl. Go and do what you must. I’ll stay with Nanette.”
The [Witches] exchanged a glance. And then Wiskeria nodded, squared her shoulders, and walked into Lady Rie’s house. Ryoka looked at Hedag. And the [Executioner] grinned.
“And where do you fit into this village now, Ryoka-girl?”
The City runner looked around. She looked at the hopeful faces, at the scorched land. At Hedag, and listened for Laken’s voice. Then she shook her head.
“Nowhere.”
Hedag laughed. She slapped Ryoka on the back.
“You’d have made a fine [Witch], girl. A fine [Witch].”
 
—-
 
Night fell. Laken Godart worked into it. Riverfarm had so much that needed doing, and he was finally back. He only stopped when Lady Rie and Mister Prost both stopped taking his orders. Then Laken realized he was exhausted and needed some sleep.
“There’s always tomorrow. I’ll sleep, I’ll sleep, Prost! Don’t threaten me with Yesel.”
Laken yawned. He looked around, intending to tell Gamel to prepare a bed. And then he stopped. Slowly, his head turned.
“Oh. I’m back, aren’t I?”
It was alone that Laken came to Durene’s cottage. Well, not alone; Gamel had walked him the entire way there, and the [Knight] was hovering by the gates. Laken had to throw rocks in his vague direction until the young man finally left him. And then Laken took a few minutes before he knocked on the door.
