6.47 E
Page 14
And he had no answer for that. He had a plan, an answer for everything else. But not that. Laken hung his head and shook it slowly.
“I made a huge mistake, Durene. And everything—all of this—is a result of it. I made a mistake. I’m so sorry it took me so long to return home.”
She didn’t reply. After a while, she got up and sat beside him. Laken turned his head. He could feel Durene there. But she didn’t embrace him. They just sat together. After a while, Durene wiped at her eyes.
“I thought it would be easier when you came back. I waited and waited.”
“I’m sorry.”
He reached for her hand. Durene pulled it away.
“Ryoka had to tell me you’re not perfect. That you make mistakes. I had to…I need to be a [Paladin], Laken. Or I need you to take it away. I can’t be half of it, though. I want to fight. And if you’re wrong about Goblins, maybe you were wrong about me.”
“I’m not.”
Laken whispered, but the half-Troll girl didn’t respond. So they sat there. Familiar strangers, sitting together in the cottage. Until the door opened.
Laken started. He heard a gasp, and then Ryoka’s voice.
“I’ll just uh, sleep outside. In the village, actually.”
“Ryoka? Oh—”
The [Emperor] belatedly remembered the two other cots. Durene stood up hastily.
“Ryoka—”
“No, no! Go back to whatever you were doing!”
“We weren’t—”
The two began, but Ryoka had already shut the door. Laken could hear her retreating, and then a distant voice.
“Hey Wiskeria! You don’t want to go in there—”
Laken and Durene sat in silence after that. They paused, and then one of them began laughing and the other joined in. Somehow, that had helped. In the end, they sat on Durene’s bed. She listened as he told her of what had passed, of what had done. Trying to explain, or maybe justify. And then it was her turn.
“So much happened after I woke up. I can’t even explain…”
“Tell me. Tell me from the start. From the fever.”
And she did. Laken sat, listening to that familiar voice, willing himself not to interject too much, to listen. To understand. Durene sat there, so close it hurt. After a while, he found himself holding her hand. And she looked at him and tried to remember if it had felt like that before he’d left. They slept apart that night. Somehow…it just ended up that way.
 
[Emperor Level 20!]
[Skill – Group: Surge of Inspiration obtained!]
[Skill – Empire: Fields of Bounty obtained!]
 
 
Day 72
 
Ryoka saw Laken’s new Skills the next day. The [Emperor] was up at dawn, raring to get to work. And Riverfarm was up with him. She caught him using the Skill on a group of [Woodcutters] who’d volunteered to see what the Skill was about.
“[Surge of Inspiration].”
The group jumped as one, and then patted their bodies and each other, laughing. One of them raised his axe, and uttered a loud yell.
“Dead gods, but I feel awake! I could chop down half a forest myself!”
“Well, it’s just burnt roots and stumps! Come on, let’s get to work! Your Majesty, that’s one Skill I wouldn’t mind you using on us every day! We’ll let you know how long it lasts!”
The leader laughed as he hefted the axe. The group moved off, practically jogging. Laken looked bemused.
“The instant I got back, I leveled up. It’s probably the world’s way of telling me I should never have left. And that Skill! That would have been so useful on the ride back. And the [Fields of Bounty] will allow me to feed all the people coming here.”
