6.47 E
Page 7
“Your Majesty, so glad to see you! Knew you’d be back, and hope you whooped those Goblins a second arse! You need new totems? Of course! They burned, didn’t they? Fire does that, ‘least, if we carve it of plain wood. We could make some out of fireproof stuff, but that costs the earth and’s hard to work, so it is! But you need more? Can do! Me and a few of the other, heh, [Carpenters]’ll be glad to do it! Of course, I’d be glad to lead them…”
He waggled his eyebrows in a way that made Ryoka vaguely nauseated, but Laken’s lack of sight meant he didn’t even pause. He smiled and patted Jelov on the shoulder as he wiped his face with a sleeve.
“Good work, Jelov. But I haven’t decided on a [Royal Carpenter] yet. I’d prefer you of course, but I understand Prost’s had words with you about selling trinkets. Please do something about the coins in the floorboard under your bed. It’s distracting me. Now, onto the third issue at hand.”
As the [Carpenter] choked on his own tongue, Laken turned to face the group still following him. More and more people were being called away, but a great number still watched Laken. Among them were the [Witches], who had made their way to the front. As well as Ryoka and Charlay. The Centauress was tugging on Ryoka’s arm.
“That’s Riverfarm’s [Emperor]! But he’s blind! And he can see everything? Is it a Skill! He’s pretty cool! Hey, you know him, Ryoka?”
“The last issue. Shut up, Charlay.”
Ryoka muttered back. She watched as the [Witches] straightened expectantly. Laken paused. Then he walked right past the [Witches] and stopped in front of Charlay and Ryoka. He looked up at them as all five [Witches] turned, looking peeved under their pointed hats. Laken nodded absently.
“The third task is Gralton. But first—Ryoka Griffin. It’s been a while.”
“Hi, Laken.”
Ryoka didn’t know whether to smile or frown at Laken. Since it wouldn’t matter, she did neither. Laken paused. The two stood together, unsaid words spilling in the air. Laken nodded.
“I owe you a debt, Ryoka. And we have much to discuss. But later.”
“Right.”
“We are here as well, [Emperor] of men. Do not ignore us.”
A voice spoke menacingly from behind Laken. He paused, and then turned around. The [Witch] who had spoken, Mavika, received a blank not-a-stare.
“That was hardly my intention, Miss [Witch]. Ryoka Griffin is a friend of the throne. And you, my guests of whom I have heard so much. I greet you, and hope the hospitality you have been offered has suited you. To whom am I speaking?”
It was well done. Mavika paused. And it was Eloise who replied, with a curtsey as formal as Lady Rie’s.
“Your Majesty, Emperor Godart. I am Witch Eloise and this is Witch Mavika. We are [Witches] who have come to request an audience on behalf of the [Witches] of Izril. We five are part of a coven and we ask that you hear our petition when time may allow. We formally greet you and thank you for your hospitality—as well as forbearance for any incidents our number may have caused you during our stay.”
She tipped her hat, and stepped on Mavika’s foot while elbowing Hedag. The other [Witches] bowed or nodded. Mavika just glared, before jerking her head. Laken tilted his head in reply.
“I greet you, [Witches] of Riverfarm’s Coven. I am aware of the great debt I owe you, and the [Witch] known as Miss Califor especially. Your actions have saved Riverfarm and I will not forget that.”
The other [Witches] nodded approvingly. Laken went on with a slight frown.
