6.47 E
Page 11
He needed Prost, Rie, and the others. Laken had a plan, one borne of time on the road and his [Emperor]’s sight, but he needed people he could trust to implement his plans. And what he had was an edge—the ability to see where animals were, or fish, pinpoint people exactly—and that was a huge advantage. But what he was really giving the people of Riverfarm was, was purpose. Prost had tried, but he wasn’t a leader in that way. Laken was. He had a vision, and the moment he’d returned, Riverfarm had begun moving and shaping itself around that vision.
In a way, he was like a [Witch]. But one who had made an empire his craft. And Ryoka saw, evaluated, and compared it to the Laken she had met in Invrisil, and the one she had heard about who had led Goblins to a siege at Liscor. This third Laken and the other two mixed and mingled. And she thought, until Durene burst through the doors with a panicked shout.
“Laken! There’s a caravan coming this way! A lot of wagons with bars! They’re filled with Goblins.”
Everyone in the room froze. And Ryoka looked up. Laken calmly raised his head.
“Yes. Yes they are. I told you I was bringing them back.”
“But—they’re coming here! Into the village!”
Laken paused. He frowned.
“That could be dangerous. I agree. Durene, with me. Prost, Rie, I won’t be long.”
He strode out of the room. Ryoka followed, her heart beating faster. Goblins? Could one of them be…?
The wagons were huge, and packed with Goblins. It was a huge procession of them! Dozens of wagons, all with bars, lurching slowly towards Riverfarm. The people had seen them and were crying out in shock. Laken walked towards the caravan, which had an escort of…it had to be at least a hundred [Guards]. Perhaps three times that many Goblins, or more.
Ryoka felt sick, watching them crammed together, staring out. Durene just shuddered with hatred, but Ryoka was scanning each face, for a familiar Goblin. She didn’t see Rags. And she could sense the hostility behind her.
“Everyone, back to your work! Emperor Laken has this in hand! Back to work, I say!”
Prost had followed Laken outside. He stood with the [Emperor], and Ryoka distinctly heard him and Laken exchanging some words.
“…will find a place later. [Guards], yes, but not one is to be—”
Laken broke off and raised a hand. A relieved-looking man was riding towards him, a sword at his side. Laken called out.
“[Caravan Master] Dintal! Thank you for your tireless work. I will commend your name to the Merchant’s Guild and issue you and your men a bonus for your efforts.”
“It’s a relief to be here, your Majesty! Where do you want these Goblins?”
The man called out, pulling to a stop before Laken. The [Emperor] smiled thinly, clearly aware of the stares he was getting.
“I have a spot picked out, Dintal. However, I have one last task for you. Move the caravan south, along the river. I have a spot picked out for you. Until I give you the word, guard the Goblins. Anyone, and I mean anyone, who attacks them, you will stop. Without killing, preferably. But if any Goblin dies, and I will regretfully withhold both your bonus and commendation. Thank you.”
And with that, Laken turned his back and kept speaking to Mister Prost. Dintal stared, but then he looked resigned. Ryoka saw him turn and whistle.
“You heard Emperor Godart! Move the Goblins! And stay clear of the wagons, everyone! These bastards’ll throw their shit at you! Throw a stone and don’t be surprised if they throw it back! Come on, move it!”
