6.47 E
Page 8
“However, I understand that one of your number has brought death and strife to Riverfarm. She has slain a [Knight] and [Hunters] from Terandria’s guild on my lands, taken the life out of one of my subjects and—coerced others to their deaths. Tell me. Do you claim the Stitch Witch, Belavierr, as one of your own?”
The question went straight back towards Mavika. And all the [Witches], Ryoka, and everyone else paused to hear their response. Mavika bared her teeth.
“No. She has taken the life of her fellow [Witches] without cause. This coven has found her wanting. She is welcome among neither [Witches] nor men.”
“Very well. In that case, I bid you all welcome. Avail yourselves of my hospitality until we have the opportunity to meet. But as I mentioned, it is Lord Gralton that needs must attend to. Yitton, have we heard anything more from him?”
The man that had been accompanying Laken stepped forwards. Ryoka saw an older man’s face, lined and stern, but quite well-kept. European, like the landed nobility of Izril’s human population, turning to grey from the dark blonde. It was also somewhat familiar. Ryoka narrowed her eyes. Wait. Byres?
Yitton nodded.
“Nothing yet, your Majesty.”
“Then it’s safe to say Gralton’s situation is unchanged. And he is in need.”
“Who’s Gralton, Laken?”
Durene whispered, and then turned red when everyone stared at her. Laken patted her arm reassuringly.
“Gralton is one of two [Lords] who accompanied me back, Durene. Remember, I wrote of them?”
“Oh, right. Where is he?”
“In his estates. Which is the problem. His lands were hit by a mysterious plague around the same time as Riverfarm was.”
“Drakes.”
Someone cursed. Laken nodded gravely.
“Exactly. But his ailment was sickness. It’s in his kennels. He’s falling apart over it. Which brings me to my issue.”
He turned back to the coven, who were all watching him like hawks, save for Mavika, who had a crowish glare. Laken nodded.
“Ladies, [Witches], first, how may I address you?”
Hedag laughed. She leaned on her axe, speaking at Laken under her wide, brown hat.
“Call us [Witches], you who call yourself [Emperor]. For that is what we are. And you.”
Laken nodded, turning his head left and right as if to catch Hedag’s voice and memorize it. He paused, and then went on.
“Very well. [Witches], I have a request for you as [Emperor] of Riverfarm and the Unseen Empire. At this moment, a friend of mine, a [Lord], is struck by disaster. The same Drakes who set fire to Riverfarm have engineered a plague in his lands. Or perhaps it is poison, a combination of both. As we speak, his dogs and people lie dying. Gralton’s [Healers] are stymied by the sickness. But [Witches] might have better luck. Have any of you the craft to heal Gralton’s sick?”
The request caught the entire coven off-guard. Ryoka saw them exchange looks, and then all turn to stare at Eloise. The tea [Witch] pursed her lips and answered after a moment.
“I may. It is a sudden request, your Majesty. But—several of us know the craft of poison or remedy thereof to some extent. Are you requesting us to come to this Lord Gralton’s aid?”
“If I asked it, would you agree? I would consider it a boon that would not go unrewarded.”
The coven paused. Mavika glared and replied waspishly.
“A boon to be repaid with words, or deeds, [Emperor] of men? If you would seek to ask for our deeds, do you have aught to offer or do you simply make a request.”
Laken raised an eyebrow.
