6.47 E
Page 16
“I’m sorry. I never should have trusted her.”
That was all Ryoka could say to Nanette. She sat down, looking and not looking at the girl. Hedag watched the two as Ryoka sat there, hating herself more than any other day in her life.
Nanette didn’t respond. She lay there, motionless. Like a doll with its strings cut. Hedag drank. Ryoka spoke, haltingly. Nanette said nothing.
They had made it through the fire, Califor and Nanette. That was the story Wiskeria and the rest of the coven had heard from Nanette, before shattering grief had given way to this. The path of events that had led Califor to return to put out the fire at the cost of her life was simple.
They had met Belavierr. And in that meeting, she had stolen a bit of Nanette’s hair. Just a strand or two. But that was enough. Belavierr hadn’t ever lied. She’d told the truth; she couldn’t stop the wildfire with her craft. She might have if she used all her magic and her life, but she hadn’t wanted to die. And what she could do was kill Nanette. So she’d made Califor an offer. Her daughter or her life.
And to save her daughter from the Stitch Witch, Califor, the legendary [Witch] in her own right, had rode back and stopped the fire. She’d saved Wiskeria. And Belavierr had cheated her death again.
It was such a simple story. All of Belavierr’s stories of her evil were the same. Ryoka felt sick. But this had crossed a line. This hadn’t been a deal, or self-defense. This had been evil. As Nanette sat next to her, Hedag honed her axe.
“This blade’s never ended a [Witch]. Hedags don’t go after [Witches] much. And this Hedag is a [Witch], so there’s less point. In our covens, we look the other way for the sins a [Witch] does so long as it brings no grief upon our kind. We’ve little enough allies to peck each other apart. But when a [Witch] kills another [Witch]—then they are hunted. By other [Witches]. And if ever I meet Belavierr, I owe her a Hedag’s justice.”
Ryoka couldn’t care about that. Belavierr was gone. She had killed Califor. Killed her and left Nanette with nothing. That was what mattered. She had to ask.
“Was she…Nanette’s…”
“Mother? Califor?”
Hedag’s voice was too loud. Ryoka and Nanette flinched. Hedag nodded.
“She was Nanette’s mother. If she pretended otherwise, it was to spare Nanette the attention she might have had otherwise. Or else other [Witches] would have looked to her like Wiskeria. Judged. You know how we are.”
“I’m so sorry.”
Ryoka said it again. Hedag snorted. She delicately moved the axe across the whetstone. And her gaze was merciless as she looked at Ryoka.
“Sorrys and regrets have never salved one wound, Wind-Girl. Go. And do what good you may elsewhere. Leave Nanette to herself. And say her name. Califor.”
“But Nanette’s—”
Ryoka looked at the girl. She was crying, crying without moving. Hedag’s voice was implacable.
“She was Nanette’s mother. And she was named Califor. Don’t pretend she never existed. And you Nanette, let it hurt. Let it hurt or the wound will never heal.”
The girl wept. And Ryoka looked at her and Hedag. And she didn’t have the courage to stay.
 
 
Day 73
 
It took Laken two days to deal with the Goblins. And when he did, Ryoka was there. She had to be. She didn’t know what Laken intended, but she was ready for…anything. She still had yet to talk to him. Riverfarm was still growing, as more shell-shocked folks made their way here, speaking of the fire. Laken was reorganizing, dealing with the problems of city folk versus villagers, people wanting special treatment because of their class, even petty thefts.
