6.47 E
Page 1
And then Ryoka saw him. A distant figure, riding slowly towards them, one of two on the road. He didn’t lead the way. He was following another man, who was guiding both his horse and the young man’s. But the [Emperor]’s head was craning, following Frostwing as she flew down towards him. He raised an arm and she landed there, pecking and shrieking at him.
“Is that…?”
Eloise murmured. Durene ran forwards a few steps.
“It’s him.”
She was certain, even as far away as she was. Durene hesitated, and then began to trot, and then run. Prost watched her. And then he followed at a jog. Chimmy, Miss Yesel, and the rest of his family followed as well.
“It’s his Majesty!”
Jelov the [Carpenter] shouted, spraying people around him with spit. He crab-ran after the others. And then Riverfarm’s villagers were running, calling out his name. The others, who had never met Laken, watched. Startled. But then they followed, first at a quick walk, and then faster. Ryoka ran past them. Charlay galloped on her right.
“Why are we running? Why are we running?”
Ryoka had no answer. But everyone in Riverfarm was racing towards him. And he sensed them. He dismounted from the horse as the other rider stopped. He jumped back, shouting, laughing, as Bismarck nearly knocked him flat. And he hugged the Mossbear. His head rose. And his closed eyes turned. He urged Frostwing onto Bismarck’s back. And he turned as Durene thundered at him.
“You—you—you’ve been gone so—”
Laken Godart stood there as Durene skidded to a stop in front of him. Ryoka was third, Charlay second. She looked at the [Emperor]. He stood in front of his horse. And he seemed larger than she remembered. He filled the air, for all he was shorter than both her and Durene. He turned his head, his eyes still closed. Towards her. But it was to Durene he turned back to.
“I know. My dear Durene. I know. I’m sorry.”
He walked towards her. The half-Troll girl hesitated. And she moved forwards timidly. The two stopped in front of each other, awkwardly. Laken tilted his head up, as if to see her face. Durene hesitantly raised a hand.
They reached out. And Laken straightened and Durene’s head bent. And—she didn’t expect it, but he had intended it—they kissed there. Riverfarm’s folk stopped, panting. And waited. After a second, Laken turned towards them. The man on the horse slowly dismounted.
“Your Majesty.”
Mister Prost spoke slowly. Lady Rie panted as she caught up, having to push through the crowds. Laken turned his head. He didn’t speak at first. He just turned his head, his closed eyes passing over the faces in the crowd. Laken paused. And then he nodded.
“Mister Prost. My people. I’ve missed you so dearly. You and Riverfarm. I have been gone too long. At last, I have returned. Hear me. I am your [Emperor]. And I have come back.”
And he smiled slightly. Prost and the villagers of Riverfarm bowed their heads. And then they took a knee. In the muddy road. Lady Rie curtsied, ignoring the same muck. The people behind them hesitated. Lancrel’s folk, townsfolk and villagers from further off wavered. But something compelled them. Perhaps it was the way he stood. Or the way he fit in this place. Like a missing part of the village. Perhaps it was only his class, but Ryoka felt it too.
Slowly, they knelt. Men, women, children. Only Ryoka remained standing. Ryoka, Charlay, who wavered and then locked her legs. And the [Witches]. The man behind Laken looked disapproving. Laken himself just smiled.
“Thank you. You still find me worthy, then, Prost?”
