6.47 E
Page 30
Fire. The same fire that had burned her as she died. Her hands were living flame. They grabbed Wiskeria. And suddenly, the flame was real. Wiskeria felt the burning pain. She started to scream. The [Witches] struck at the hexagram, erasing it. Hedag kicked the ground and cursed as Nanette fought to get to her mother. And Califor’s voice echoed in Wiskeria’s ears as she grabbed the [Witch]’s arms.
“Wiskeria. For you, I have died. I curse your mother. I curse her. And I charge you. Keep my daughter safe. Swear it on your life!”
“I swear! I swear!”
Wiskeria screamed. She would have sworn anything to stop the pain! Califor didn’t relent. Her grip tightened. She drew Wiskeria closer. Mavika was shouting something, but Califor’s voice filled Wiskeria’s ears. The ghost sounded almost gentle over Wiskeria’s screams.
“Keep her safe, and beware. He is coming.”
“Wh—w—”
The ghost paused. And she looked through Wiskeria. And even in death, Wiskeria saw Miss Califor was afraid.
“His name should end and never be spoken. But it will be spoken. So I say it and damn the world for my daughter. Just as Belavierr damned me. And when you hear his name, flee. And take Nanette far, far away. He is our enemy. [Witches] have sworn his death. We were there. We must honor our vows.”
“Who?”
Wiskeria screamed. Califor didn’t reply. Her grip squeezed and Wiskeria howled. Her flesh caught on fire.
“The ritual’s broken! Seize her!”
Eloise cried. The hexagram was snuffed out. And the portal was closing. Califor was drawn back, into the center of the circle. The other [Witches] leapt forwards, pulling Wiskeria back.
But Califor held on. And her lips whispered a word into Wiskeria’s ear. One word that burned into Wiskeria’s mind like the flames that seared her arms. And then the flames vanished. The presence disappeared.
Califor was gone.
Wiskeria lay on the ground, shuddering, screaming in pain as the word and burns marked her. The potion Alevica poured on her didn’t remove the raw handprints on her arm. Nor did Eloise’s charm. Nothing did. As the coven bent around Wiskeria, the last [Witch] stood in front of the circle.
“Miss—?”
Nanette looked around. But her mother had said nothing more. Not to her, her daughter. She hadn’t even looked at her. Nanette tore off her hat. She sank to her knees, weeping. She lay there, curled up. Until, so quietly that she thought she’d imagined it, she heard a voice.
The girl looked up. And then she saw it. Something, lying on the ground. In the center of the circle. It was a little burned. Charred near the tip. But it rested there, where it had burnt away to ash before. The other [Witches] turned and stared.
“Nanette—”
Eloise raised a hand. But the girl ignored her. She crawled forwards, eyes wide, disbelieving. And she reached out with a shaking hand. Slowly, the girl took Califor’s hat from the altar and hugged it to her. Tears ran down her cheeks.
“Mommy.”
She whispered the word. And then she screamed it. She sobbed, and wept fully. And she sat there, as the coven stood, shaken, as the marks on Wiskeria’s arms refused to heal. And the name burned in her mind. But it was Nanette who cried the name aloud. Who held her mother’s hat. Desperately, searching for a sign.
But nothing replied. The afterlife was full of nothing. Not even [Witches].
 
 
—-
 
It was not so dark where Ryoka was. Stars shone overhead, and they, combined with the moon, gave her enough illumination to run by. And it was late, she knew. But she was close to her destination. So Ryoka Griffin risked the night run.
