6.48 T
Page 32
The Ceiling Crawler dropped on him. Four more launched themselves down at the Flamewardens, biting and tearing with their limbs of sharpened bone.
 
—-
 
“It’s really good to see you again, um, Miss Warrior?”
Toren smiled. Of course, she was already smiling, but now she traced a smiley face on her mask. Insill smiled back. The Drake [Rogue] edged closer, eying the two dead Ghouls. One had been shot neatly in the head by Larr’s arrow and struck in the chest by several arrows Anith had conjured. The second had been beheaded by Toren’s blade.
“You always seem to appear when you’re needed. I mean, the dungeon’s sort of your home, isn’t it? We’re really grateful. Again.”
“Not that we needed her! I had it all under control! Right, Pekona?”
Dasha called out loudly as she swung her axe into the skull of the last crawling zombie. Pekona made a snorting sound as she cleaned her curved blade; she and Dasha had hacked through the group of zombies following the Ghoul. Anith just sighed. And Toren smiled.
Vuliel Drae had been surprised by the undead attack. Not too surprised; they’d cut through the group with Toren’s timely arrival with no issue. But Toren had been slightly surprised to see so many undead. So had Anith. He knelt by one body, frowning at the loose armor it wore.
“Hm. A [Soldier]’s gear. And undead? The last expeditions ran into very few undead. I thought we had exterminated most of them already.”
“Maybe some fell into the dungeon. Hah! Anyways, they’re just fodder! Although—hey, Insill! Check the bodies! See if any of them are carrying anything valuable! I’ll pull the armor off this lot. We can probably sell it for some good—hey! Pekona!”
Dasha protested as Pekona pulled her back by the hair. The part-Dwarf woman spun around. Pekona’s expression was disapproving as Anith’s.
“We don’t loot the dead.”
“Since when? We used to do it all the time! Zombie corpses have chainmail? That’s free chainmail!”
Anith coughed, looking at Toren and then at Dasha.
“I believe since we were able to earn enough to outfit ourselves, Dasha. It is about respect. It may be permissible to search their belongings, but at least leave them their clothes.”
The Dwarf’s face fell.
“What, all of them? At least take the armor and swords…”
“And why do I have to search the bodies? I’m talking with Miss Warrior here!”
Insill complained, looking back from Toren to his team. Larr sighed.
“You’re the [Rogue].”
“So? What does that have to do with anything?”
Pekona, Anith, Dasha, and Larr all looked at Insill. He wavered.
“Well? I don’t like searching bodies.”
“But you are the [Rogue]. There.”
Pekona folded her arms. Insill spluttered.
“But that’s…”
Toren patted him on the shoulder. Insill looked around and Toren squatted next to a body. She turned it over and rummaged around. She offered Insill a handkerchief. He hesitated.
“Um. Well, I guess that’s useful, but not exactly what…”
The Drake glanced over his shoulder. Dasha tapped the side of her head and mouthed ‘crazy’ until Pekona slapped her hand down. Anith shook his head.
“Miss Warrior, thank you again. But some ah, other adventurers have been asking about you. If you’d consent to stay so they can speak with you, we’d be grateful.”
Toren looked up, alarmed and intrigued. Adventurers wanted to speak with her? She adjusted the mask uneasily. Was her cover blown? Maybe she should…
She began edging away from Vuliel Drae. Flustered, Insill raised his claws.
“No, wait! They just want to talk! We’re not trying to accuse you of anything! Or blame you for…”
