6.48 T
Page 39
“You hate to see it. Think she lost her friend in the dungeon or in one of the battles?”
Issa leaned on Zassil, tears in her eyes. The other Drakes looked at each other.
“Fellow adventurer, maybe? A duo?”
“Could be one of the monster attacks.”
“Argh. And no wonder she’s not leaving. But it’s not healthy to stay—”
“You can’t talk sense to them. She nearly drew a sword when Captain Slenderscale tried to get her to leave. It’s the shock.”
Bevussa reddened under her feathers as Keldrass looked at her reproachfully.
“I didn’t know. I thought—”
The Drake paused. And then he slowly walked over to the masked woman. He bent down. Slowly, his voice rasping after breathing so much fire, he coughed and addressed her.
“Miss? Miss. Let’s bury your friend. You can’t do anything more for her. You found her—you did it.”
The masked woman looked up, almost surprised. She let go of the body. Keldrass caught her, patting her awkwardly on the shoulder.
“I’m sorry. We’ve all experienced it. Was she—were you old comrades?”
He waited. Toren stared at him and then the zombie. Keldrass shook his head.
“You don’t have to say anything. But we can’t leave the body. Burial might be—once a zombie—we could cremate her. With respect. An adventurer’s burial.”
Toren had no idea what they were talking about. But she obligingly let them burn the body. All the adventurers made a big deal about it, solemnly standing around and saying a few words. For some reason they expected her to collect the ashes. They even gave her a bag for it. And the bird-woman kept patting her on the back.
“I know it’s hard. But you can’t throw away your life. You understand? Just—come with us for a bit.”
Toren kept shaking her head. She was prepared to run, but Bevussa didn’t seem intent on taking her mask anymore. Toren saw some of the other adventurers whispering and looking at her.
“We can’t force her. You know how unstable—”
“—be worse to let her as she is. Staying down here?”
“The Minotaur did it. Look, let’s get a [Healer]’s opinion on this. One used to dealing with adventurers? She’s survived this long—I knew a team that tried to force it. Turned ugly.”
“I’m really sorry. Again. But if there’s any way…”
Bevussa sighed as Toren backed up. The Garuda shook her head and looked at Keldrass. He grimaced, but tilted his head towards the ropes. Some adventurer teams were already ascending. Bevussa gave it one last try.
“At least let’s say we owe you a drink. Any…anytime you want, we’ll buy you a drink. Hell, we’ll buy you ten! You want to come above, you can find us in Liscor’s Guild, alright? Just send a [Message] and someone will get word to us. We’ll take you to the best inn we know. Alright?”
She waited. And at last, the masked woman slowly nodded. Bevussa smiled. She held out a claw.
“Then—friends? I’ll look for you again when we return. You’ll be there. Promise?”
The masked adventurer wavered. But she came forwards. And after staring at Bevussa’s claw, she took it.
Slowly, the skeleton shook the Garuda’s hand. And Toren—both Toren’s—felt a flash of…warmth. No. Not warmth; they were dead after all and there was no biology to react. But a memory of it. Bevussa smiled and Toren traced a smile on her mask.
He watched them preparing to leave. In the end, Vuliel Drae and the Wings of Pallass and the Flamewardens were last. They’d stayed to try and convince Toren, but now they were going. And in the end…the skeleton wavered.
