6.48 T
Page 30
One of Bevussa’s teammates, Issa, cried out, sounding hurt. The Garuda rolled her eyes.
“I’m just saying, Issa. We can fly. We’re not exactly great dungeon-divers.”
“Yeah, but we can fly.”
Zassil demonstrated, flexing his wings and grinning at the other Drakes. The Flamewardens on Keldrass’ team grunted or spat flame dismissively. Bevussa sighed. Oldblood Drakes. The ones who could fly always argued with the ones who could spit lightning or fire or acid about who was best. And the ones who could do both were insufferable.
“I just mean I wish I could carry something heavier than a shortsword.”
“Why don’t you?”
Keldrass looked up. He was squatting by a Bagrhaven, plucking the glossy black feathers loose from the creature’s wings. Bevussa squatted next to him. That was their haul today; Bagrhaven feathers were worth good money, and this nest was one she’d be glad to see the last of.
“Oh, you know. Too heavy and I can’t fly right. I’m all hollow bones anyways; armor’s no good, so I have to dodge or die. That’s what they teach you at Pallass’ flying academy. Dodge and strike. Wear your opponent down. Never go for a frontal assault.”
“Huh. I never knew that. Isn’t military doctrine…?”
Bevussa smiled.
“We have Garuda instructors. We’ve changed how Drakes view aerial combat. You know our [Generals] love frontal assaults. Well, that’s not how you fight in the air.”
“Good to know. The brass understands that?”
“They’d better, or they’ll have a lot more casualties than we need. But we’re not in the army anymore, Keldrass. And I’m not about to reenlist and shake things up.”
“No aspirations to be the first Garuda [General]? In Pallassian history? You know, Gold-rank teams can instantly receive…the [Captain] rank if we join back up. And promotions are fast. If you know the right people.”
“Yeah, but is it fun, Keldrass? Why’d you quit that fancy elite unit with your team if it was so great?”
“Well…”
The two Captains chatted as they stripped the monster corpses with their team. Bevussa slid the last blood-covered feathers into her bag of holding and sighed.
“That’s some good money right there. Not as much as we’ll get from those trap rooms. We need to hire some [Miners] or something from Pallass. That Gemhammer team is already stripping the rooms.”
“Huh. Really? How much gold’s…up there?”
Keldrass frowned, pausing to exhale some smoke. Bevussa shrugged.
“Before they noticed me eavesdropping? Few thousand gold in one room.”
“Really?”
“Let’s investigate it. I had no idea it was worth so much, but Earlia sounded serious.”
“Definitely. I’ll send a [Message]. To Pallass’ Guild. Get some insight.”
Bevussa nodded. She straightened, looked at her team, and jerked her head.
“Alright! Everyone got all the feathers? Back to the safe zones!”
Both teams moved in tandem, marching back down the dungeon corridors. Bevussa watched the markings on each wall, checking for outlined traps, navigating back towards the hole in the dungeon that the adventuring teams had climbed down. She and Keldrass kept an eye out, only relaxing when they were in areas cleared of monsters.
They knew it was clear because the first thing they saw was a wall. A palisade, rather. It was made of metal and blocking a tunnel. It was one of dozens the adventuring teams had set up in the dungeon. This one was designed to let adventurers fleeing a threat bail over the top if need be; Keldrass and his team clambered over while Bevussa’s team just flew. But Bevussa knew that before they left the dungeon, unless they were in full retreat, the teams would seal the tunnel completely.
