6.48 T
Page 34
Shake, shake. Toren crossed her arms for further emphasis. No going above. No way. Bevussa paused.
“Captain Slenderscale, it is her choice. She’s a fellow adventurer…”
Anith murmured to Bevussa. She scowled at him and the Jackal [Mage] hesitated.
“I’m aware, Anith. But if I don’t get her to come with me, Guildmistress Tekshia will have my feathers…Miss! Can you at least identify yourself?”
Toren paused and thought about that. She shrugged and then shook her head again. Bevussa snapped her beak.
“Alright. Well. In that case, if you won’t go up, and can’t tell us who you are…take off your mask, please.”
The skeleton froze. So did Insill, who peeked at her masked face. Bevussa walked forwards.
“Or tell me who you are. I’ve had enough surprises from adventurers in this dungeon.”
Toren backed up. And now she had a hand on the hilt of her sword. He was in her head, laughing at the situation and telling her to stab the Garuda. But Toren didn’t want to. And yet—she couldn’t take her mask off. She couldn’t go out of the dungeon. And she wasn’t sure she knew how to write.
All these things made her back away. But now Bevussa had a look of deep suspicion in her eyes. She advanced, only to be slowed by Insill and Anith.
“Miss Bevussa! Wait! She’s saved our team dozens of times!”
Dasha coughed.
“I wouldn’t say dozens…”
“Hey! That’s our Captain, normalblood. Gold-rank. Claws off!”
Issa snapped at Insill. He hesitated, but Anith backed him up, firmly barring Bevussa’s way.
“Captain Bevussa, adventurers are entitled to their anonymity…”
“She can have that. But there’s the situation with the Minotaur—with Calruz, remember? I just want proof she’s not some half-insane person as mad as he is! Or…or a Raskghar or something!”
Bevussa protested. Everyone looked at Toren and her thin frame. The Garuda sighed.
“Okay, not a Raskghar. But you know what I mean.”
She pointed at Toren.
“What reason does she have to be down here? Why not go above? It’s too suspicious. There’s insanity in challenging a dungeon alone, and then there’s this. Why are you down here, Miss? Why can’t you speak? Who are you?”
Toren had no answer. Well, she had tons of answers, but not ones she could give. And not ones that would deescalate the situation. She tried tracing a smile on her mask. Bevussa glared.
“Are you mocking me?”
“Captain Slenderscale, I’m sure she…”
Anith broke off. Toren was nodding her head happily. It was sort of fun.
Insill choked. Dasha guffawed. Bevussa snapped.
“Alright, that’s it. Mask comes off. Miss, take it off or—”
She paused as Toren drew her sword. Bevussa stepped back.
“Lower it.”
Toren shook her head and lifted her sword. Bevussa’s eyes narrowed. She reached for the hilt of her shortsword.
“Captain Slenderscale!”
Anith protested, but the other Wings of Pallass moved forwards, suddenly tense. Bevussa looked around. She exhaled, annoyed and frustrated. She did not want to do this, but Keldrass wasn’t here being reasonable and she was out of patience. She tried one last time.
“If you won’t so much as answer one of my questions, I have no choice but to—”
She stopped. The masked warrior was looking around, cocking her head. Bevussa scowled.
“Hey! Are you listening to me? I said…”
Then she stopped. Because the mysterious adventurer had held up a finger to her mask where her mouth should be. She was looking about, and looking wary. She turned, blade in hand. And then suddenly, Bevussa felt a tingle of danger too. Not from [Dangersense] or any Skill, but just long-honed instinct. She cleared her throat.
“Something’s…”
