6.48 T
Page 16
The Garuda frowned.
“Maybe? He’s never taken the bait so far, but that thing doesn’t strike often, according to…the Minotaur. And we’ve got Gold-rank teams. If we run into him, we’ll pin him down and melt him at range. That’s the plan, but I’d rather stick to monsters I know are down there. See you in three hours.”
She nodded to Anith and Earlia. Then she nodded to the Jackal and he followed her back down the tunnel. Insill and Dasha stepped back and the two had a quiet conversation.
“One more thing, Anith. Since Halrac’s gone and we assumed the Halfseekers were leaving, I was informed along with Keldrass about the Face-Eater Moth incident…”
Anith’s heart began beating faster. He opened his mouth, and Bevussa put a wing-hand on his shoulder.
“Don’t say anything. Guildmistress Tekshia informed us. It’s important to have some Gold-rank teams in the field who know about any…problems. I’m honestly not worried. You make a mistake, you pay the price. You’re not going to try destroying any nests again without contacting us, right?”
“Of course not, Captain Bevussa.”
The Garuda nodded briskly.
“I don’t have a problem with that. What I do want to know is if you have a way to contact the other adventurer. You know? The Masked Warrior?”
Anith started.
“She’s still been seen below? My team hasn’t been in the dungeon proper for a while. We assumed…”
Bevussa nodded.
“A few teams see her now and then. Human, wears a mask? Lends a hand to teams that get attacked? Never says a word? The Guildmistress wants to talk to her. So do our teams. I know the Face-Eater thing was an accident, but anyone who’s survived that long would be valuable to know. And it’s also risky having someone wandering about who might trigger an attack. We sealed the Shield Spider nest again, but…”
She trailed off meaningfully. Anith nodded.
“We do not have a way to contact her, but she has found our team most of the times we entered the dungeon. If we see her, we’ll let you know, Captain Slenderscale.”
“Just call me Bevussa. Thanks, Anith.”
The Garuda smiled. She left, and Anith watched her go, a bit breathless. Now there was a Gold-rank Captain that he aspired to be. The Wings of Pallass were a good team, and Bevussa felt reassuring to him. He looked over as Insill and Dasha approached.
“What did she want, Anith?”
“Hm. Well, she knew about the moths…Larr. Pekona!”
Anith signaled them and Vuliel Drae converged for a quick meeting. Larr had of course, heard it all, and the Gnoll was fretful. The rest of the team was nervous.
“Wait, how many people know what we did?”
Insill looked panicked. Dasha slapped him on the shoulder.
“Everyone you told, idiot! I said we should keep it secret. And now that masked woman’s in trouble? Good! I say she deserves a lot of the blame!”
“She didn’t know any more than we did. We thought we were getting rid of a nest—”
Insill protested hotly, blushing a bit. The half-Dwarf woman rolled her eyes.
“You’re just saying that because you want to get in her pants!”
“I never said—”
Pekona frowned at Dasha.
“If it wasn’t for her, we wouldn’t have survived the first time in the dungeon! We owe our lives to her! Be respectful.”
She glared, the accented words coming out slowly. Dasha folded her arms. Larr growled.
“If she made a mistake, she made a mistake, yes? The other teams should be curious of her. If it is just talking, let them. I am curious of her as well. She always smells of so much blood. She must be killing monsters constantly to survive. That is a strange person, no?”
“Some adventurers are like that. She saved our lives—”
