6.48 T
Page 35
She looked around. And then she saw the masked warrior pause. Slowly, ever so slowly, prodded by the sense that there were more undead really close nearby, Toren looked up. And so did Bevussa. She shouted.
“Up—”
The Ceiling Crawler leapt. But Toren was faster. She kicked Bevussa backwards and the Ceiling Crawler landed on her. The undead instantly tried to squirm off Toren—she wasn’t a living thing—but Toren furiously stabbed at it and the undead, sensing the threat, began to fight back. Bevussa flew backwards and Dasha shouted in horror.
“Dead gods! Undead crawling on the ceiling!”
“Wings of Pallass! At them!”
Issa shouted, panicked, and the team began to take wing. Bevussa unsheathed her shortsword.
“No! Stay on the ground! They’ll hit you in midair! They’re jumping!”
“Help Miss Warrior!”
Insill shouted desperately. He swung his daggers, stabbing at the skeletal Ceiling Crawler’s back, but it was all bone! Bevussa hacked with her shortsword. The enchanted blade struck pieces of ivory away as Toren stabbed at the thing from below. It was biting her, sinking its claws and teeth into her cloth ‘body’. Anith, Insill, and Bevussa were all trying to get it off her, crying in horror, but Toren mostly just felt tickled.
At last, the three adventurers tore the Ceiling Crawler off Toren and it flipped, trying to snare Insill. He dodged out of the way and it crawled backwards, unnaturally fast. It was bigger than even Larr, and there were three more of them, leaping from wall to ceiling, trying to pin down and savage the adventurers!
“Gah! What are these things! Pekona! Help!”
Dasha screamed as one leapt at her. Pekona leapt forwards and slashed.
“[Flash Cut]!”
Her blade went through the thing’s arm and the bones clattered to the floor. The Ceiling Crawler recoiled and Dasha smashed it on the bony, gnashing face, shouting. The Wings of Pallass were fighting back-to-back, not at home on the ground.
“Retreat! We’re fighting the wrong type of monster! Retreat!”
Bevussa shouted at her team and Vuliel Drae’s. Larr loosed an arrow and watched it bounce off one of the skeletal monster’s heads. Anith raised his spellbook and pointed.
“[Repulsion Barrier]! Go, go!”
The wall of force threw back the Ceiling Crawlers for a moment. All the adventurers turned and ran. Toren bounded after them, feeling distinctly miffed. What kind of undead were these? And why did she sense a lot more ahead of them?
She got her answer as the adventurers streamed back towards the entrance and came face to face with another Silver-rank team. Nailren and the Pride of Kelia. The Gnoll adventurers, most armed with bows, were retreating as well. The Gnoll howled at Bevussa.
“We’re under attack! There are Crypt Lords! And something else! All adventurer teams, pull back! They’ve smashed one wall!”
“Where’s Keldrass? We need his team!”
Bevussa shouted. Nailren drew breath as his team began loosing arrows—Toren peered past them. Those were Crypt Lords! The same ones in his kitchen! She slapped her skull, vexed. Of all the—
And then all the adventurers heard it. Three loud, desperate blasts. They looked up. Bevussa shouted.
“That’s the retreat! Shield Spiders?”
“Or just too many undead! Come on!”
“Not without Keldrass! Wings, we have to find—oh, Ancestors. What is that?”
Toren turned. And then he heard it. Faint whispers growing louder. Voices. A chorus of the damned.
“Doombringer. Bring us doom…”
“Lord Tyrion! The Goblins are—”
“Redfang.”
“Who are you? You’re not a Gnoll. You’re—”
“It’s cold.”
