6.48 T
Page 33
He bit his tongue. Toren looked at him. Blame her? Had she done something wrong?
“Insill, you idiot. You have the biggest mouth of any Drake I’ve ever met!”
Dasha cursed. Insill flushed.
“I just meant.”
“If you’ll let me explain.”
Anith stepped forwards, bowing apologetically. Toren looked around. She heard flapping wings. And in the distance, what sounded like whispering…
“Aha! Hold it right there!”
A giant bird-woman flew down the tunnel. Toren stared, lifted her sword, and prepared to slash. She halted as Insill darted forwards.
“No, wait! That’s Captain Bevussa! The Wings of Pallass!”
Toren froze. The Garuda landed in front of her, staring.
“Well, well. So this is the mysterious Masked Warrior all the teams are talking about. Hello. Bevussa Slenderscale. Wings of Pallass. Gold-rank team. Before you run off, mind if I have a word?”
Toren paused. She stared at Bevussa. A Gold-rank adventurer? She didn’t look like much. The skeleton saw a few magical items at her belt, some enchanted leather armor, a magical shortsword…she nodded slowly, eying the other Drakes who alighted behind Bevussa.
The Garuda smiled. But she was watching Toren carefully. Vuliel Drae hesitated, but Bevussa was a Gold-rank Captain. The Garuda spoke briskly, peering at Toren’s mask, her clothed body.
“Sorry to bother you, but we’d heard there was a solo adventurer in this dungeon. One that refused to leave the dungeon. I couldn’t believe it myself. Someone surviving this long alone? But I suppose anything’s possible. The thing is—you wouldn’t happen to be able to speak, would you?”
Toren paused. She considered this, and then shook her head. Bevussa nodded slowly.
“Mute? Vow of silence? Cursed?”
The skeleton shrugged unhelpfully. She didn’t like all these questions. Nor did she like Bevussa’s tone. She liked Vuliel Drae and the little Drake standing nervously by her side. Not the Garuda. Bevussa sighed. She folded her wings and looked at Toren.
“Miss. Miss…Warrior? I know we’re both adventurers, but let me be honest. Liscor’s Adventurer Guild’s Guildmistress would like to speak with you about some incidents in the dungeon. The Face-Eater Moth attack on Liscor, for one. We’re not saying it was your fault! But you had a role in how it happened. And frankly, after this situation with the Minotaur, we want to treat anyone staying in the dungeon with care. Do you…are you aware about the situation with the Raskghar? The Minotaur?”
She looked at Toren. The skeleton gave her a blank look and turned her head to Insill. The Drake hesitated.
“Well, what happened was…”
“You can tell her all about it. Above. Miss Warrior, it won’t be for more than a few hours, but we need to talk with you. You can write, can’t you? Let’s go to Liscor and you’ll be free to come back here…or we could find you a team. It can’t be easy staying below. Come on, come with us, please?”
Bevussa tried a smile and held out one claw-hand. But Toren was instantly alarmed. What had she just said? Go above? For hours? That would be death. She slowly stepped back, shaking her head.
“What? No? Why not? I mean, what’s wrong?”
Toren just kept shaking her head. Bevussa paused. She looked at Vuliel Drae.
“What’s wrong?”
“No idea. But she never wants to go above. She does that all the time. Annoying, ain’t it?”
Dasha answered unhelpfully. Bevussa exhaled slowly. She looked at her team, but they were waiting for her.
“Where’s Keldrass when you need him? Excuse me, Miss Warrior—”
Toren hopped backwards. Bevussa paused, and then she did frown.
“I have to insist.”
