6.48 T
Page 31
“Classic dungeon tactics. Seal areas one by one. Create safe zones. Deplete monster reserves.”
Keldrass rolled over the top of the palisade and landed on the ground with a crash of metal. He got back up and Bevussa saw his armor flicker a dozen colors. She grunted as she helped pull him up.
“Nice armor. You got that from the Raskghar?”
Her voice was envious; she hadn’t gotten anything nearly as good in the lottery. Keldrass grinned.
“Magical. I could walk through a [Fireball] and not blink.”
“Yeah, yeah. It doesn’t make you any more agile. Come on, let’s seal this palisade and see how the other teams are going. We cleared two corridors today. There’s about eight thousand more to go, but that Minotaur’s map says there’s one of those unopened treasure rooms eight corridors further than where we went. I don’t trust his word at all, but if there’s a chance…”
Keldrass frowned at Bevussa as he helped the rest of his team over the palisade.
“You don’t trust him?”
“What, a traitor that allied with monsters?”
Bevussa folded her wing arms. Keldrass paused, sniffing the air.
“Phew, reeks in here. Those Bagrhavens stink. I usually don’t smell anything but smoke. Anyways, Bevussa. Good soldiers snap. I’ve seen it in the army. You too.”
Bevussa had to agree. About the smell. She waved a wing in front of her face, scowling.
“That’s different. This was—”
The Garuda broke off. So did Keldrass. Issa was waving at Bevussa urgently.
“Captain! I just got a [Message]!”
She unrolled a scroll. Bevussa leapt over to her.
“What is it? Facestealer?”
Instantly, both teams were on alert. Keldrass looked up, his posture tense. Issa shook her head as Bevussa snatched the scroll and read.
“No. It’s from that Silver-rank team. Vuliel Drae. It’s her.”
“The Mask Warrior?”
One of Keldrass’ teammates exclaimed excitedly. Bevussa frowned. She noted the coordinates.
“So the mysterious adventurer’s here, is she? Keldrass, you want to meet this mystery adventurer?”
“The one who helps other adventuring teams?”
The Drake raised a brow. Bevussa scowled.
“Yeah. I want to convince her to come to the guild. Or at least identify her. We still have no idea who she is. And from what I heard, she had something to do with the Face-Eater Moth attack on Liscor—”
“She’s an adventurer. We don’t pry. Besides, she could be Named.”
Keldrass grunted. Bevussa shook her head.
“Hah. Named Adventurer? I’ll eat my tail if that’s the case. Er, wings. I’m going to catch her before she runs off. You in?”
The Drake swished his armored tail for a moment before nodding.
“Go. We’ll catch up. We have to seal this tunnel first.”
“Got it. Don’t be slow!”
Bevussa took wing, calling for her team. They flew after her, disappearing down the corridor in seconds. Keldrass heard a snort from another Drake.
“Don’t be slow. Lizard-faced hatchlings. What, do they not see our armor?”
“Shut it. Let’s get this wall up.”
Keldrass exhaled a plume of smoke wearily. He looked around for the other half of the palisade so they could anchor the wall and seal any monsters that might creep through. Then Keldrass frowned. He looked up.
The ceiling was fairly high overhead. And it was dark, but Keldrass didn’t remember seeing any murals on the dark stone when they’d passed through last time. Only now, there was a pale ivory and yellow…thing…
The Drake’s eyes widened. The crawling bone-thing stared down at him, its face a mask of yellowed bone hung with scraps of rotten flesh. He opened his mouth, the fire building in his lungs.
“Abov—”
