6.48 T
Page 12
“Beautiful. See? Gold. Just lying here! I can’t believe the other teams aren’t trying to compete with us. Let alone the teams that actually did the de-trapping! I asked Halrac before he left, but he said we were free to have at it. Either he’s an idiot, or the rumors are true and he came away with a huge score.”
Anith’s paw tightened on his spellbook. Halrac, Captain of Griffon Hunt. And one of the people who knew Vuliel Drae’s disgrace. He bowed his head, but then moved on.
“Perhaps. I had heard that he ran into some good fortune. Well-deserved, I think if so. But why would he be interested in…?”
He indicated the metal blade. Earlia gave him a strange look.
“It’s enchanted, Anith. You’re telling me you don’t think we could sell this?”
The Jackal Beastkin paused.
“Oh. Of course. But who would buy…?”
Earlia shook her head, tapping the metal.
“Enchanted metal, nice quality, very fine edge—I’d say forty gold pieces per blade? Unless it’s enchanted with some really keen enchantment, in which case it could be worth ten times that. We’ll have to see—hey! Anyone got something to cut with this thing?”
“I have a mutton leg. Let me eat it.”
One of the other adventurers fished out a snack. After carefully stripping the meat from the bone, he handed it to Earlia. She lifted the bone and chopped at it with the blade. Both she and Anith whistled; the trap blade had gone straight through the bone and marrow. Earlia nodded, satisfied.
“Yup. That sliced through the bone like that. I’d say we can get at least six-fifty on each blade.”
“Six—”
Anith inhaled sharply. Larr turned his head, blinking. Earlia grinned at the expression on Anith’s face.
“Six hundred and fifty gold pieces. That’s right.”
“For just one of those?”
Incredulously, Anith pointed at the second trap blade Fea was working out of the pillar. Earlia nodded.
“Well, we’re reselling them, not melting them down or repurposing them, right? If it was magical glyphs or something, the dust or inscriptions are worth a lot less. But magical blades are magical blades. Hells, you could even put this on a polearm and have yourself, what, a Gold-rank weapon? Nah, but a good Silver-rank one. See why we’re so interested in these traps?”
Anith did. He gulped and hesitated.
“Is it wise to tell us this? And who would you sell these blades to? A [Blacksmith]?”
“Just a regular [Merchant] who deals in this kind of stuff. You’d be surprised how many people are willing to pay for dungeon-grade traps. Anyways, it’s not like we’re going to hide what we’re doing. If any other teams want to take a crack at removing the traps, feel free. But it’s dangerous and difficult. Not sure how well your team would do.”
Earlia nodded to Vuliel Drae without rancor. Anith sighed. It was true. His team was specialized for a fight, or maybe defusing traps, but not breaking through stone and enchantments to get at them. But if they could hire a [Miner]…he eyed Earlia’s team and sagged. That was why there was an entire team of former [Miners], wasn’t there?
“Don’t take it too hard. You can make your fortune by finding treasure and collecting monster parts. Each to their own.”
Earlia grinned and patted Anith on the back. He looked somewhat dourly at her beaming face, but relented.
“As long as you’re paying us for guard duty. I’m tripling our fee next time.”
“Bastard.”
The Human woman laughed. Anith smiled, and stepped back as another blade joined the first in a pile. Earlia went back to her pillar and began hammering at the stone, breaking pieces loose.
