6.49
Page 13
“Of course! A [Strategist] to the Council. He never told me he gives daily reports!”
“Told you? My word, you’re his uncle, aren’t you? I’d forgotten! And it’s hardly daily—it’s whenever we meet.”
Yalla leaned over, smiling at Lism. The [Shopkeeper] looked proudly at Olesm and the [Strategist] groaned. This could be terribly awkward. He cleared his throat, trying not to meet Krshia’s gaze. Or any of the Gnolls’. Oh yes, this could be a lot worse than he’d imagined.
“May I continue, Councilmembers?”
“Oh, very wel—”
Stales’ familiar, tired wave was cut off by Lism sitting upright in his chair. The [Shopkeeper] smiled widely.
“Of course! Go on, Nephew, er—I mean, [Strategist] Olesm.”
Lism beamed at Olesm. The [Strategist] cringed inwardly for only a moment before adopting his friendly, helpful expression and tone. He circulated the table, relieved that he always brought a number of copies so he could divide the reports among both former and new Council.
The old Council glanced over the reports and almost instantly passed it to the new Council, who began reading as they listened attentively. Stales smiled as he listened to Olesm, and then observing the new Council’s feverish attention. Hadn’t he been like that? Oh yes, they’d learn all right.
Olesm began with his rehearsed speech, the one he’d given to two Councils before this one. Well, one and a half since he’d taken over halfway through.
“Councilmembers, I traditionally begin each meeting with a small briefing if necessary. I’ll proceed as if the old Council were in session, ah, with your permission?”
“Go ahead! What’s the latest gossip this time?”
One of the old Councilmembers called out. Olesm hesitated, but went on as the new Council hesitated.
“Well then, my first piece of news is that it is more or less confirmed that Manus’ covert operation against the north has been a success. I have the report summarized in front of you, but the damages to Human lands are estimated at—”
“Wait. Manus did what?”
Raekea yelped as she finally caught up to Olesm. She stared at the parchment in horror. The old Council chuckled knowingly as Lism and the new Council sat up.
“There’s been an attack on the north, Olesm? When? Where?”
Krshia’s eyes flickered across the parchment. Olesm raised is claws hurriedly.
“Not an attack? Or rather, it’s not an act of direct war. I’m sorry, I should have prefaced this. Manus ordered dozens of its [Infiltrators] and [Saboteurs] to head north and cause havoc among Human lands. They started fires, engaged in covert assassinations of high-level targets, spread illnesses or simply sowed dissent—”
“I never heard of this! When was this?”
Guildmistress Alonna looked up sharply. The Drake [Mage] stared at Olesm. He winced.
“About one week ago was when I heard rumors of it, Councilmember. And I received confirmation—of sorts—only today. Please understand, all the information you hear here is classified. Not to be repeated as gossip.”
He looked pointedly at Stales and the old Council, who avoided his gaze. Yalla leaned over conspiratorially.
“You can be sure it’s accurate, too. Strategist Olesm is quite informative at these little updates. I will miss them.”
“How do you know this happened? I have people I talk to, but they do not mention an attack. There was talk of a drought and unseasonable weather, but an attack?”
Krshia demanded, looking up at Olesm sharply. He coughed, a bit proud at how astonished she looked.
