6.49
Page 10
“Honestly, Erin? I’d bet every gold piece on it. They’re all Drakes and…well, let’s just say I don’t think they wanted to help Krshia’s side. Maybe we took four seats. Or…five? Either way, it’s done. Krshia can argue against it, but the Council does get to choose! I guess. Maybe if there’d been a riot—”
“Sorry. But Mrsha was there.”
“Yeah. No, I think it’s fine. I mean, I wasn’t running. I’m just worried…”
“…That you don’t have enough seats?”
Erin looked worried. Selys nodded. She gestured at Krshia, who was toasting with a group of Gnolls.
“Krshia will obviously have to figure it out, but it’s three to five if you’re just going by species. And all the Drakes who were elected were in Lism’s camp. Well, more or less.”
“Which means they’ll vote against letting the Antinium help?”
Erin’s face fell. Selys paused.
“Probably. Maybe? I don’t know this Tismel and Zalaiss too well. They’re both wealthy, though; safe picks in their districts which is probably why they won their votes. Tismel’s head of the Cobbler’s Guild, and Zalaiss is a [Merchant] in the guild. Safe picks. But they’re both in Lism’s party. Jeiss and Alonna are actual friends of his, though. Either way, they’ll probably be against some of Krshia’s ideas. It’s—I don’t know, Erin. She’ll have to figure it out. I’m just a bit worried.”
The [Receptionist] sighed. Erin nodded. Then she paused as Drassi came back with her drink.
“[Cobblers] have a guild?”
“Of course they do, Erin. With two different species’ worth of feet in Liscor? I bet he doesn’t even make shoes anymore. He’s probably rich. And see, that’s the problem. There’s no way Tismel will be on Krshia’s side, right? So if Lism just overrules her, what was the point of all this? Did the Council steal a seat? Two seats?”
The Drake gripped her glass tightly, frustrated. Erin hesitated.
“But you did win, Selys. Be happy about that.”
She gestured at the inn. Selys just shook her head. Then she turned to look Erin in the eye.
“I don’t know. Did we win? Can we win if it’s not complete, Erin? If it’s just a little victory? How can I feel good about it when I know—we deserved more? We did, and they cheated.”
She had tears in her eyes from the pure frustration of it. Erin paused. And she took a long drink from her mug before replying slowly. She looked around the inn, at all the faces, at Numbtongue poking his head down the stairs and deciding to go back to his room, at Ceria making ice cubes, Yellow Splatters heading up with a small keg Erin had given him from the bar, Ishkr smiling as he went round the tables—and she smiled too.
“It wasn’t fair. And you can be mad. But tonight, Selys? Be happy. Because there wasn’t a Gnoll on Liscor’s Council yesterday. Tomorrow, there will be.”
She looked at the Drake. The [Heiress] paused. Then she looked up. She slowly raised her class and clinked it against Erin’s. And then Selys smiled.
“You’re right about that.”
She drank her cup down, ordered a Firebreath Whiskey, drank it, and kept smiling. Then she went to go cuddle Mrsha. Erin sighed. She took a sip of her drink at the bar and let the alcohol sting her mouth for a moment. Then she turned off her [Immunity: Alcohol] Skill.  She sighed as she flushed with a bit of heat, and then raised her cup. She beamed at Lyonette, who’d come over.
“To victory! Now, let’s go tell everyone in Pallass the good news!”
The [Princess] smiled.
“Okay, Erin. You get to break the news. But then?”
“Yeah?”
Erin twinkled at her. Lyonette beamed back.
“You’re getting in the kitchen. We need more food.”
“Aw. But—but it’s a celebration.”
“Yup. Now, get cooking.”
