6.49
Page 4
“Not many. But I’ll bet they all know the result.”
Stales nodded. He spoke, trying to feel out his thoughts verbally.
“We could…insist this was a Council affair. Persuade them to keep quiet.”
“Under threat?”
Silence. Everyone was trying to look at everyone now, for signs of doubt. No one was particularly adverse to the concept, it seemed. The plot began to thicken. Stales frowned.
“Right. But what are we threatening them with, exactly? The Watch?”
—And then it fell apart. The Councilmembers paused. They looked at each other, coughed. Somehow, getting Watch Captain Zevara to go along with threatening the [Scribes] didn’t quite…gel.
“If we made it a general threat…I mean, the Merchant’s Guild has guards, Stales.”
“Wait, my guards? But they voted!”
“Well, what if they were all Drakes who voted er, for the right candidates?”
“Okay, But what if the [Scribes] talk anyways?”
“We deny it. Obviously! And we burn the votes and these lists! Look, I have a match—”
“Careful where you wave that thing! I accidentally set my desk on fire with them!”
“Nifty, aren’t they! Shame they run out. But as I was saying, deny it! Simple!”
“What if they ask us to swear under truth spell?”
The Council paused. One of them coughed after a moment.
“…They wouldn’t do that. Would they?”
The Drakes thought about it for a second. Gloom immediately set in. They would absolutely do that. The losing party would howl it from the rooftops if the Council didn’t do it—purely as a formality—to ensure the truth had been upheld. The Council looked at each other and the half-burgeoned plot, barely formed, fell apart.
They were too late. If they wanted to meddle, they should have done it earlier. They should have been better at it. But they weren’t [Politicians]. This was a side job! It was just—Stales sighed.
“Four Gnolls? Two would have been fine. Really, even three…”
Gloomily, he stared at the list. You could even see who the most popular candidates were by numbers of votes. Krshia Silverfang had won, handily, but honestly, if you just looked at the numbers, there were more Drakes than…he caught his breath.
“I suppose we make the announcement. Soonest done, soonest over. We’ll convene the Council tomorrow. Try to get it into their heads how it works. And then? Out of our claws, really. And that’s a relief! This year has done havoc to my scales with all the stress…”
Yalla was standing up with the others, resigned. Stales waved a claw urgently and they all looked at him.
“Hold on! Hold on! I have a solution. Look at this. If you look at the list—”
“We can’t lie, Stales. They’ll find us out!”
The Merchant’s Guild’s leader shook his head rapidly, a bubble of delight forming in his chest. It wasn’t perfect, but it would work. He looked up, grinning at the other’s blank expressions.
“Who said anything about lying? This is perfectly legal! Look! Check the number of votes each candidate received. Do you see? Do you see?”
They scrambled for the lists. And they did see. There was murmuring, a hint of dissent. Stales overruled it.
“We said we’d consider the election. We didn’t say we’d do it. Did we?”
The Council looked up. Yalla hesitated, although Stales was sure she’d agree.
“We’d have to explain the decision somehow. If it goes ugly…if the losers object—it could be bad.”
The Council fell silent. The worst case scenario popped helpfully into Stales’ mind. What would happen if the people objected to this idea?
Riots in the streets. He gulped. The Drake wavered. He looked at the list, trying to decide.
“Four Gnolls on the Council. We could live with that. It’s not a majority.”
