6.49
Page 38
“Hexel Quithail, one of the best [Architects] in all of Baleros, perhaps the world! He designed a new palace in Terandria, a city for the Iron Vanguard, and three cities himself!”
She paused. Lism took a moment to digest this. Then he shouted.
“A Lizardperson?”
“Lamia, technically, Uncle. They’re one of the smarter evolutions of their kind—”
“Never! You’ve gone too far this time, Silverfang!”
Olesm winced. Jeiss and Alonna both glared at Krshia. The Gnoll sighed.
“He is the best you will get for such a price!”
“Live in a city designed by one of those egg-headed idiots?”
The argument became a furious debate. Olesm was actually on Krshia’s side in this one, much to his uncle’s horror. Raekea paused and leaned over to Elirr. Very quietly she whispered to him.
“I never understood why Drakes hated Lizardpeople. Aren’t they…?”
“It’s the similarity, I think. Similarity among the differences.”
“Hrm. Yes.”
It took Krshia nearly an hour, and everyone had to stop for tea to soothe hoarse throats. But at last, Lism agreed with a look of disgust. He checked the list they’d made as the [Scribe] shook out her writing hand.
The list had ideas, numbers, concepts, and laws ready to go into effect yesterday. That should have gone into effect years ago. But the Drakes and Gnolls hit on a problem as they stared at the paper. Elirr cleared his throat as he looked around the meeting room.
“So. How do we get it all started?”
The Council looked at each other. Then they turned to Olesm. He looked up.
“What? Oh! Well, I can handle some of it. I suggest sending a Runner to Watch Captain Zevara. She’ll need to be consulted on some of this. And Guildmistress Tekshia as well. It would be polite to request her presence at her convenience. For the rest—you have [Secretaries], [Scribes],  [Negotiators], and more at your disposal, Councilmembers. Just send word you need someone! We might need to expand the staff, actually. You’ll need to approve the budget!”
The Council paused as they took this in. Jeiss groaned as he imagined another budget. Raekea just blinked at Olesm.
“We have [Negotiators]?”
Olesm nodded.
“Three. Would you…do you need one?”
He hesitated. Krshia looked at Lism who looked at Alonna who looked at Jeiss who looked at Elirr who didn’t bother looking at Raekea. The Gnoll just smiled.
 
—-
 
The Drake who strode into the Council’s meeting room had black, glossy scales patterned with spots of yellow leading up from his tail. He was slim, thin, and he had a smile all charm and delight. He spread his arms and gave Olesm a hug.
“Olesm! Pal! And what a beautiful new Council! Councilmembers, a delight.”
He bowed to the bemused Council, sweeping a fancy bow to them. Bemused the Council watched him straighten.
“Teliv Witherscale, at your service. I’m a part-time [Host] working at Wishdrink’s—let me know, anytime, and I’ll be happy to work for any crowd, group, or smaller party! I do dinner-parties too, and I can even liven up a birthday or level-up party! I don’t do funerals.”
“Teliv.”
Olesm sighed, resigned. His old friend winked at him. Olesm hadn’t seen Teliv in a while, but the Drake hadn’t changed. He looked around, irrepressibly cheerful as ever.
“To what do I owe the honor? Actually, scratch that. I’m delighted to meet the new Council! But if there’s anything I can do for you, don’t hesitate to ask!”
