6.49
Page 16
“The daily briefing is always about issues that concern Liscor as a whole. Apparently the King of Destruction is always pertinent news, which makes sense, I suppose. But the wretched fellow hasn’t done anything but conquer, one, two kingdoms? He’s hardly the threat he was. Still, better safe than sorry. That’s our [Strategist]. After that, we generally move to some conversation and the day’s decisions. Of course, the table is yours now…”
He chuckled and gestured towards the Council. They hesitated, but the time for hesitation was gone. Krshia nodded to herself. She’d fought for this seat. She had to earn it. She opened her mouth—and Lism beat her to the punch.
“Of course, we’ve a number of issues to discuss.”
He smirked at Krshia. She glared at him. There was going to be an unfortunate confrontation soon, and she’d readied herself for it. Lism went on, glancing at the old Council.
“However, I don’t know the uh, protocol for such things. So what do you do first?”
The old Council looked mildly surprised. One of the older Drakes rubbed his neck spines and chuckled.
“Oh yes, those issues. Well, Strategist Olesm usually has a list! We go through them and then leave. Olesm! What’s on today’s list?”
He waved a claw. Olesm sighed as he unfurled the rather long scroll of parchment. The old Council sighed and the new ones sat up.
“Well, Councilmembers, I do generally keep track of the Council’s issues by request. And I’ll note any future concerns. However, today’s list is substantial. The new Council must of course approve a budget for the Watch and issue an announcement to the city and so forth, but there are new concerns for this Council. Among them are the proposed changes to the city each er, party, has campaigned on.”
“Of course. Well, this is the heart of it.”
Stales sighed as he turned and looked around the room. He waved at Olesm.
“Strategist Swifttail will bring us an issue and we’ll debate it. Sometimes it’s as easy as voting to do something. Show of claws—excuse me, claws and paws—and we agree or not. Other times, we have to do some math. Agree on a budget—don’t worry, Swifttail will have the numbers. But there are a lot of new proposals you lot have campaigned on, haven’t you?”
He gave the Gnolls and Drakes a somewhat superior look.
“Well, we can discuss the issue now, but I think you’ll find it’s more complicated than just shelling out gold!”
“We?”
Krshia’s ears perked up. She turned to stare around at the old Council. Elirr and Raekea looked up. And so did Lism. Stales waved an airy claw.
“Just a bit of advice from the old Council! Perspective. After all, we know the ins and outs of running the city. You agree?”
He looked around. Krshia nodded reluctantly. That was true. She hesitated, and then coughed.
“Well, it seems we must talk about the deal to expand the city—”
“Without Antinium help. As my campaign pledged.”
Lism finished the sentence and sat back, satisfied. Krshia stared at him. And then polite civility broke down.
“You mean, your campaign stole from mine, you thief, Lism, you!”
“Hah! I knew it! You couldn’t wait one hour before you had to accuse my campaign of improving on your ideas!”
“I was the one who suggested expanding the city! What did your campaign come up with?”
Krshia snarled across the table. Stales looked wide-eyed at Lism, who laughed loudly back at her.
“Removing the Antinium element of course! And the city voted our party into power.”
“Because you stole our seats!”
Krshia howled back at him. Lism raised his claws.
“By popular vote—”
“Councilmembers!”
