6.49
Page 31
“Nice job swaying them with the mandatory explanation.”
He spoke to her as they walked down the hallway. Zevara glanced at him.
“You disagree?”
“I know Senior Guardsman Klbkch too. And he thinks of us…”
“…As expendable? So what?”
Zevara stopped by the bannister staircase looking down. Olesm stared at her.
“So what? That doesn’t frighten you? You don’t think he’d kill us all if the Grand Queen ordered it?”
Zevara paused. She looked past Olesm, straight through him, and then met his eyes as serious as he’d ever seen her.
“Of course it frightens me. And maybe he’d kill me, Olesm. And you. And this entire city. But you know the thing about traitors? It’s not all the times they obey that makes them a traitor. It’s the one time they disobey that does it. And I’m willing to bet on one. How about you?”
The [Strategist] opened his mouth, but never replied as Zevara strode down the staircase. And that, Olesm realized, was as close as Zevara would ever come to praising Erin Solstice. It made him really think as he put away the documents and locked them. When he came back to the Council room, the real debate had begun.
“Do you really think you can expand Liscor and rebuilt the walls higher without the Antinium, Lism? Liscor has not the [Builders] or [Architects] to do such a thing. Nor does it have the money to hire such workers in the numbers they would be needed.”
Krshia was arguing with Lism about the key thing that separated them. Raekea and Elirr were nodding along, but Lism was being backed by Jeiss and Alonna and to a lesser extent, Tismel and Zalaiss. The [Shopkeeper] snapped back.
“There is no way I’ll allow the Antinium to expand their Hive.”
“Well, it is what we promised. Antinium gold and Antinium aid! We must honor that vow!”
“You three must. But there are three of you. We have the majority.”
Lism pointed at the other Drakes sitting around the table. Jeiss winced a bit guiltily and Alonna sighed, but neither objected. Krshia opened her mouth. And then she smiled cunningly. And she glanced sideways.
At Tismel. And then at Zalaiss. Lism looked up.
“They won’t vote for an Antinium Hive expansion. There’s no use trying to sway them.”
“I must agree with Shopkeeper—er, with Councilmember Lism.”
Tismel nodded, still looking pale. Olesm saw Zalaiss inclining her head as well. But Krshia shook her head. She wagged a finger at Lism.
“In that case, we will vote against your proposals, yes? I do not believe you have the majority to enforce rules reducing the cost of rent without us.”
Krshia glanced pointedly at the two mercantile members of the Council. The Cobbler’s Guild’s Guildmaster looked up and Zalaiss paused.
“Hold on. The old Council told us—”
“What? That’s a separate issue from the Antinium and the walls, Silverfang! Don’t you dare pull innocent people’s lives into this!”
Lism barked at Krshia. The Gnoll just folded her arms and looked grim.
“Nothing for nothing, Lism. We get nothing, you get nothing. Liscor suffers either way.”
“Wait—wait. I’m sorry, Councilmembers, but changing the prices of rent really isn’t on the table to begin with. I’m friends with a number of the Council—not to mention I own a bit of land!”
Tismel’s protest went unheard. Lism cursed as he looked at Jeiss. The Senior Guardsman paused.
“Krshia, that’s not fair. The rent—”
“What’s wrong with hiring Antinium to build the walls, Jeiss? Give a bit and we give back. Let’s negotiate.”
Raekea retorted. Jeiss considered this and looked at Alonna and Lism. Alonna nodded.
“Sounds good. Lism, listen to Krshia. She’s serious.”
“About the rent—”
