6.49
Page 34
“But money has to come from somewhere. And we have to consider extra budgets for the Watch, upgrades to the Adventurer’s Guilds, and so on. I move to make a number of changes including prices on Shield Spider components. But given the current and severe population crisis in the city, I also move to reduce rents and raise a higher tax on [Landlords], which—”
“No!”
Zalaiss shouted. Lism shouted over her, cheerfully bellowing.
“Two silver coins per month in lower-income districts! That’s as much as some families can afford to pay. Middle-income…as a cap, ten silver? Or one gold piece? Maybe a gold piece!”
Elirr choked on his cup of wine.
“A gold piece per month?”
“That’s the upper limit, obviously. We’re not going to regulate the prices. Too much. But—”
“Two silver coins per month? You can’t do that!”
Tismel was aghast. Lism looked around.
“I think we can. We have six votes. For everything I’ve just discussed, all in favor?”
“Stop!”
Six hands went up. Zalaiss looked around, and then tried to yank Jeiss’ arm down. He kept it up. Tismel went over to Raekea to do the same and she made a fist. Lism grinned.
“Excellent! And we’ll review how every Guild is paying their dues to the city! Starting with the Merchant’s Guild, especially if they try to boycott! The Watch can enforce the issue of rent. Anyone who objects to the new prices can sit in the prison! With the Minotaur! With a fine!”
“This is a mutiny! A rebellion! Treachery! I’ll tell the Council!”
The [Merchant] shouted at the room.
“This is democracy! Tell the Council! They’re not in charge!”
Lism was on his feet. The Drake leapt onto the table and Zalaiss, turning, staring in horror, saw him point at her. The [Shopkeeper] laughed wildly.
“Run! Run and tell them!”
She stared up at him, stumbled for the door, and fled. Tismel was hot on her heels. Lism laughed wildly, and collapsed back into his chair as he got off of the table. Everyone was staring. Olesm’s uncle chuckled, and then he guffawed. And then he just sat there, chortling a bit.
It was Krshia who eventually got them back on track. The Gnoll cleared her throat, and Lism sat up, glaring at her. But strangely, then he nodded. As if all the enmity between them had dissipated for a moment. They nodded at each other. And Olesm remembered a proverb about Drakes.
If the end of the world came and only two Drakes were left, they’d fight over the dust that was left. But there was nothing that united two Drakes, even two mortal enemies…like a third Drake with more wealth than the other two combined. Jeiss chortled as he picked up a quill and ink.
“Two silver coins for the lowest-income districts. I can make a list. Wait, should I make a list?”
“Might as well. Or they’ll try claiming every district’s middle-income or higher. Right, back to work. Now, as I was saying about the Shield Spider parts—I think we want to insist on a cut of what’s being sold, don’t you?”
“A silver piece or two? The Merchant’s Guild has profited, but how would we know the numbers of what is sold or not?”
Alonna demurred as she and the others edged closer to the table. Elirr stroked his chin.
“Perhaps we could ask some Gnoll [Merchants]? There are few who go north, but they might tell us.”
“No need. Let’s just check the records. The Merchant’s Guild keeps them, after all.”
Lism snorted. Krshia frowned.
“Can we do that? They might defend it and it is Guild-rights.”
“Okay, fine. That might be going too far. In that case, let’s just say they owe us two silver pieces per Shield Spider corpse. They’ll figure out how to make a profit or they’ll eat the losses.”
