6.49
Page 32
Tismel’s voice grew louder and more urgent. Lism looked sideways at him.
“I heard you.”
“Oh, thank you!”
Tismel smiled in relief. Zalaiss, who was a [Merchant] and at least knew when not to trust someone at their immediate word, looked sharply at Lism. But she had seen the same thing he, Krshia, and Olesm—well, the entire Council had by this point. Lism raked his claws through his neck spines, thinking. Jeiss leaned over.
“It’s not actually that bad. Believe me—if you take out the part about the Hive—”
Alonna was nodding. Lism listened, and then growled.
“Fine! Fine!”
He looked at Krshia. The Gnoll raised an eyebrow and Lism glowered. He looked like he was pulling a tooth, but eventually he opened his mouth.
“Alright. Let’s bargain. No Antinium Hive expansion. I’ll trade diplomatic rights and increased Soldiers on the walls. They can also help build the city.”
Elirr whistled softly. He looked at Krshia. She was drumming her paws on the table.
“Hm. Klbkch might accept that. Would you allow—”
“No expansion.”
“Six hundred square feet?”
“That’s a lot of tunnel networks and barracks! The Antinium can burrow deep, Councilmember!”
Olesm had to protest. Krshia raised a brow.
“Four hundred then. Two hundred.”
“No, and no.”
“Fine then. My answer is no and no.”
“You can’t be serious! These are lives we’re talking about, Krshia!”
“I know. But give me something. Say, if Klbkch does not accept what you agreed on. Four hundred feet?”
“One hundred.”
“Two hundred.”
“Fine. But we’re all negotiating with him! And believe me, we’ll be very precise about the deal we make.”
Krshia smiled.
“Done!”
She reached out. Lism glared, and then slapped her paw with his claw. Raekea beamed and Elirr patted Krshia on the back, murmuring something too quiet for Olesm to hear. She relaxed, sighing.
Only Tismel didn’t seem to know what had happened. Lism was glowering as Jeiss patted him on the shoulder. Then the [Shopkeeper] looked up.
“Alright. Rent! First on our list.”
“Councilmember!”
“What? Tismel, I hear you, what?”
“You just said—”
“I said, I hear you. And I’m ignoring you now. Let’s just agree on this now, Krshia. Are we on the same page?”
“Like a book, Lism. And for once I think I will enjoy this.”
Krshia gave Lism a predatory smile. And he almost smiled back. He steepled his claws.
“Very well. I motion to limit the rent prices on Liscor’s citizens.”
“Councilmember Lism, I object! That is not acceptable to me!”
And there Zalaiss stood. She might not have been the best [Merchant], or a Gnoll like Krshia Silverfang, but she still had a presence. Tismel was nodding frantically. But again, Zalaiss had underestimated her audience. She looked around. Raekea and Elirr stared up at her blankly. Jeiss sighed. Alonna shook her head. Krshia smiled. And Lism continued.
“As I was saying, a vote to agree to limit—”
“Councilmember Lism, we are all of the same rank here. I have a right to be heard!”
Zalaiss snapped at Lism. He glanced up at her. And there was a dispassionate look in his eyes. Dispassionate, until you saw the satisfaction lurking there. Slowly, Lism nodded.
“Councilwoman Zalaiss, I fully understand that you have a right to be heard. I only wonder if it will do you any good.”
“Excuse me? I think the Council should decide as a whole—”
“I think the Council has.”
Lism cut Zalaiss off. She froze. And he turned around to look at the Drakes across from him.
“Councilmember Jeiss. Councilmember Alonna. Your thoughts?”
