6.49
Page 23
He eyed Krshia warily. She looked at him for a second and then Raekea poked her. Olesm cleared his throat. Well, at least this was classic.
“If anyone has a further motion to pass regarding providing sustenance for Council meetings? That was actually on the docket, but we can move it up the timetable.”
The table stared at him. Krshia frowned.
“What did you say, Olesm? That is on today’s list of important topics? Snacks?”
The [Strategist] sighed as he consulted his notes.
“The former Council likes to sort out these matters right away. In years past, it can be a matter of…contention.”
Lism stared at his nephew, aghast. He cast a look towards the door.
“They quibble about—it’s just food for Ancestor’s sakes! We don’t need to discuss it! Do we?”
He looked around the table. Jeiss raised his brows.
“I don’t have an issue with what I eat so long as I’m not going to puke it out on patrol. Or have half the Gnoll kids ask me what I ate.”
“Did the Council actually debate over snacks, Olesm? And for how long? Are they always like…?”
Alonna waved a claw to indicate the show the old Council had been. Olesm hesitated. But that was the old Council. And if they got word that he was telling tales they might…never speak to him again.
“Well—there was a number of heated debates halfway through their first year. I think they devoted two sessions to arguing about nuts. The uh, deviled eggs were a compromise that went on for about four months. The old Drake, Councilmember—er, Mister Saish—really liked eggs.”
He looked around the room. There was just silence from Lism and Krshia’s camps. Again, Krshia and Lism traded glances. Lism raised one claw.
“All in favor of alternating food duties between members, if we need to eat at all? I’ll start.”
Krshia instantly raised her paw. Raekea thought about it for as long as it took to give the idea proper, measured thought. She was only a beat behind Krshia. Elirr’s paw was already in the air along with Jeiss’. Alonna waved a claw.
“I don’t do well with cilantro. That’s all from me.”
“Wait, are we voting?”
Tismel looked dismayed. Lism stared at him, and then at Zalaiss.
“What’s it look like we’re doing? That’s what the old Council said we do, right? Unless we have to do some kind of ceremony?”
“One of the Councilmembers liked to bang a little rock to call the vote. But no.”
“I see. Do we need to write anything down, Nephew?”
“…Not for an informal agreement on bringing food to the meetings, no. I shouldn’t think so.”
Lism nodded.
“Okay then. Vote.”
He glared at Tismel and Zalaiss. They hesitated, and then their claws came up. Lism nodded.
“Everyone’s in favor. So we’re agreed. Is that how it works?”
He looked at Olesm again. The [Strategist] coughed.
“Um. Yes.”
“Good! Cross that off your list, Olesm. What’s next?”
Olesm blinked.
“Well, you were debating—”
“Not that. Let’s get the least important things out of the way first. Then onto the actual debates. Right?”
Lism looked across the table. Krshia cracked her knuckles.
“Of course.”
Disconcerted at the sudden harmony between the two, Olesm looked at his list.
“There’s…the announcement you put out around the city. You see, traditionally—”
“We know what the announcement is. Alright, we have to say something. Thoughts?”
Elirr raised a paw. Lism stared at him.
“Well, spit it out!”
The Gnoll looked affronted.
“I thought we raised paws. No? Very well. For the announcement, just say what is needed. ‘There is no issue. We are all alive’. Simple, yes?”
“Hah! I like that!”
Jeiss snorted. Alonna looked dismayed.
