6.49
Page 26
“As part of my duties as Watch Captain, it is my job to inform this Council about certain laws that govern Liscor and all Drake cities. As a new Council, you have the authority to oversee a number of aspects of the Watch. You may give Watch orders, but I may choose not to obey a Council’s orders if I deem it necessary for the safety of the city. Similarly, the budget is in your control, as is my position.”
“You didn’t answer the—”
Zevara spoke over Lism. The trick was in not hesitating; he fell silent, glowering as she went on in a loud voice.
“Part of that decision is choosing a new Watch Captain. The Council is free to replace their Watch Captain, but the City Watch’s Senior Guards can oppose that decision and nominate a new candidate from within their ranks. In either case, a Watch Captain’s orders have precedence in times of military emergency and she or he has jurisdiction in Watch affairs. Prisoners are under my authority. I thought I made that clear during the election.”
She paused. Lism glared.
“And if we disagree?”
The Watch Captain returned his gaze steadily.
“You can overrule me. In which case you’ll need to select a new Watch Captain as well.”
And there it was. Jeiss whistled and sat back. He shook his head as Alonna, Tismel, and Zalaiss looked at him. Raekea was shaking her head too. Elirr smiled. So did Krshia.
“I consider the issue tabled, unless you wish to vote to replace Watch Captain Zevara, Lism?”
“No. I do not.”
Lism ground out. He looked frustrated. And then, surprisingly, he sighed.
“Fine. Second order of business. Funding the wall. Expanding Liscor. We won’t be taking Antinium money or aid—”
“We will, because it makes sense and you will debate this with me for all present to hear, Lism—”
“Furthermore, in my capacity as Watch Captain of Liscor, I have a second and crucial duty to impart to you!”
Zevara bellowed over Krshia and Lism. Olesm clapped a hand to his earholes. Zevara paused.
“I understand this Council plans to enact a number of changes to Liscor. I’m all for that, and the Watch will fully support your endeavors. Including, I hope, approving my budget requests for this year’s Watch. I don’t know how you’ll get the funds. That’s not my job. But this is. And it will inform your decision regarding the Antinium. Strategist Olesm, it’s time for the presentation.”
She looked coolly at Olesm. He hesitated.
“Now? But we usually wait for the first week before we give it to them—”
“I think they can handle it.”
Olesm hesitated. He saw Krshia perking up her ears, but ignored the quizzical look Elirr gave him. He nodded, and hurried out of the room and into his office. He took nearly five minutes getting back, because he had to use a magical key and then find the requisite files—he didn’t use them that much. When he did, Zevara was midway through her lecture.
Olesm knew it by heart. He’d given it to the other Councils, and the look of apprehension on the faces of the current Council was only compounded as he pulled out paper documents and began passing them around. Zevara tapped her piece of paper as Olesm handed her a copy.
“These are the real numbers we’ve projected for Liscor’s Hive. At any given moment, I estimate that they have at least nine thousand Soldiers and twenty four thousand Workers they could bring to bear on the city. The numbers fluctuate, but that puts their Hive at around thirty thousand fighting soldiers at any given time, with the understanding that Workers will fight if ordered to do so…”
“Dead gods, they could overrun us at any time!”
