6.49
Page 42
“How are things?”
“Good! I mean, everyone’s super busy. But I bet Krshia and Selys will tell me about it tonight.”
“And Olesm? How about him and his uncle?”
Erin paused. She wavered, and then shrugged.
“Eh, I’ll wait until he comes crawling to me to make peace. I still think he’s a jerk for going after Calruz and Klbkch. But he’s still a friend. I’m gonna beat him at chess a lot, though!”
“Fair enough. Oh—someone’s calling you. I’ll get back to work. We’re going to build those hot tubs you mentioned! And a new wing of the inn! Pawn! Where did you go?”
Lyonette hurried off. Erin watched her leave the inn, and then turned. Someone was indeed calling her name. She saw a Drake hurry over, a wooden clipboard and bit of parchment neatly held in place at both ends.
“Excuse me, Miss. Are you Miss Erin Solstice?”
“That’s me! Hey! Are you from the new Council?”
Erin beamed at the Drake. He adjusted the clipboard and quill. He had a few splotches of ink on his pale orange scales. He nodded.
“I am! Geillsten. At your service.”
“How can I help you, Geillsten? If you’re looking for Klbkch—”
“No, Miss Solstice. You are just the person I’ve been looking for! I have a message from the Council.”
“Ooh! From Krshia? Or Lism.”
The Drake coughed reprovingly.
“All of the Council, Miss Solstice. They have enacted a number of reforms lately. Among them, they’ve seen fit to bestow upon you some honors for your efforts in aiding Liscor!”
“Wh—really? Well, about time!”
Erin beamed. Geillsten just gave her a slow nod.
“Yes. And for your efforts, and due to your inn’s proximity to the city of Liscor, they have decided that your inn, and you are defacto inhabitants of the city. As such, you are entitled to the rights and responsibilities of a citizen of Liscor and the protections of the Watch, as they note you have enjoyed since your initial stay at Liscor.”
The young woman slapped her forehead, scowling.
“What? I’m a citizen? Just like that? Couldn’t they have done it yesterday? And—”
Then the wording of the Drake’s message caught up with her. Erin paused.
“Wait, since the beginning? The rights and…”
“Responsibilities, yes. You aren’t in trouble, Miss Solstice. But I am here to ah, ensure your civic duty is carried out.”
Erin stared at the Drake.
“Say, Geillsten? What’s your class?”
“[Tax Collector], Miss Solstice.”
The penny dropped. Erin looked around, but Geillsten was standing neatly in front of her. And she couldn’t kill him and melt his body with acid fly juice! She’d sold all of it yesterday! She hesitated and scuffed one foot on the floorboards.
“I uh, haven’t been keeping a record of how much I make. And to be fair, I didn’t know I should, so…”
She looked hopefully at him. The Drake gave her an encouraging smile.
“Not to worry, Miss Solstice. Happily, as a [Tax Collector], I have a Skill which allows me to calculate exactly how much you owe. You can be sure that the number I produce is accurate and fair—I am routinely checked by the Watch under truth spell, and you may pay a nominal fee to ensure the accuracy yourself if you so choose!”
“Oh. Oh, that’s—er, do I have to do anything?”
“Not at all, Miss Solstice. If you’ll just wait here? I will conduct my inspection.”
“Sure…”
Erin looked around for Lyonette. But it was no good. The Drake began walking around her, peering at her or through her at something. He began writing furiously on the parchment.
