6.49
Page 17
Stales didn’t manage to outshout either Drake or Gnoll, but he did silence them. He looked around, flustered.
“Please! Councilmembers, this is not a street argument! This is a civilized discussion! And any issues can be discussed! Frankly, I don’t think this debate will get us anywhere, because as I was saying, the reality of Liscor’s financial situation is that we might not be able to pay for any expansions to the walls!”
Silence fell over the new Council. Stales sat back, and another Councilmember chortled.
“Don’t you wish you’d talked to us, first?”
Lism stared at Stales. So did Krshia. Did they know something the public didn’t? Krshia felt a pit in her stomach and saw Elirr looking at her, alarmed. Lism spoke up into the silence.
“What do you mean, Councilmembers? We have a proposal. Expand the walls. It will generate new jobs, new commerce—”
“Yes, Councilmember Lism, but who will pay for the walls?”
“Well, we could increase the taxes on the dungeon and—”
Yalla cut in, not-very-apologetically.
“I’m afraid, what Stales means is that we can’t just…move around some numbers and come up with gold we don’t have, Councilmember Lism. Perhaps we could raise revenues here, but that doesn’t create gold. Our yearly budget is comprised of a number of sources including revenue from the guilds, taxes, trade, and so on, but it mainly comes from—”
“The army.”
Yalla broke off. Krshia blinked at her.
“I am sorry. Was that not what you meant to say?”
The Drake narrowed her eyes and Krshia felt a bit better. She didn’t like the condescending tone Yalla or the old Council had. Yalla cleared her throat.
“What I mean to say was that yes, Liscor’s army does send back a good deal of funds in exchange for the support we give them. We tend to use it up on necessary products, because the money from the rest of our taxes and so on is…limited. It’s always been a fact of living around Liscor. This is not a rich city like Salazar or even Pallass.”
She shrugged. Lism frowned.
“Poor? But Liscor is the keystone city between north and south!”
Krshia rolled her eyes.
“Again, Lism? When the Council is saying to your face, that Liscor is not rich? Go travelling and you will understand! It is what I have been saying for years. Liscor is important. But not for the reasons you think. It is not economically strong!”
“Well, speaking as the Merchant’s Guild’s Guildmaster—”
“Be quiet, Silverfang. Liscor does have wealth! We export a vast amount of fish and fish-based products each spring. More than any other city, Human or Drake in a thousand miles!”
“That’s because they’re all landlocked. You idiot you, you wouldn’t know reality if someone hit you with a fish!”
Olesm watched in mild horror as Krshia stood up and leaned over the table and Elirr and Raekea dragged her back. Jeiss managed to do the same job on Lism’s end as Alonna shook her head. The rest of the Council looked horrified. But really, it was like watching Lism and Krshia got at it in the market. Their voices did echo a lot more in this room, though.
“Councilmember Lism! Councilmember Krshia! We do not shout! We debate issues.”
Stales held up his claws. Lism sat down with bad grace.
“I’m simply making the point to this Gnoll that Liscor has more sources of revenue than the army. Which she finds delight in deriding—”
“But how would you increase Liscor’s funds, Shopkeeper—er, Councilmember Lism? After all, we do have to fund the projects the city undertakes, and money is always tight. Please, some snacks will settle your mood. Pass the nuts, Stales? Oh, would you like some?”
