6.49
Page 25
“I’m not voting yes. I just want to know why we have to kill him.”
“We don’t. We should, though. He led the Raskghar to attack Liscor. He’s responsible for deaths. Gnoll deaths as well as Drake.”
Lism looked pointedly at Krshia. She folded her arms. Raekea hesitated and her arm moved for a second. Then she looked at Krshia. Elirr coughed.
“We agreed not to. That is a fundamental issue we promised, Raekea.”
She sighed. Lism looked around. Alonna put her hand down.
“Alonna!”
“Oh, fine.”
She raised her hand. It was three against three. That left Tismel and Zalaiss undecided. The Drake [Cobbler] wavered.
“I just don’t know. This is a sudden commitment!”
“That’s what I promised people, or do you not recall?”
“But deciding it now? Can’t we debate the issue?”
“And waste time like that previous idiot Council did? Ancestors, I want to get things done today, people!”
Lism raised his voice, but Krshia’s growl made him stop. She looked at him across the table, arms folded.
“As do I. However, a life is not something you should casually dismiss. Let alone with a vote.”
The Drake stabbed the tabletop with one claw.
“We’ve been over this, Silverfang. You might have said a lot to get that Human on your side, but I meant every word. That monster killed people. He betrayed his team and put Liscor in danger. He might be crazy or he might not be. Either way, he should be killed.”
“And if he was under—”
“He isn’t under a spell. Alonna or another [Mage] would have detected it.”
“What if it’s something else?”
“Tell me what it is!”
Lism smacked one claw on the table. Olesm held his breath, wavering. Krshia and the Gnolls refused to raise their paws. Tismel raised his claw, lowered it. It was Zalaiss who raised hers.
“I vote for it.”
“Tismel?”
Lism’s voice was dangerous, but the [Cobbler]’s conscience had a hold of him. He hesitated.
“I’m not convinced that just executing a Minotaur—I mean, it’s my vote! That’s a lot to ask of me on the first day! Let me at least consider it—anyways, what if we’re split? There are eight Councilmembers; we could tie. What then?”
The Drake looked disgusted.
“You’re right. That is a tie.”
“Which means we don’t kill him.”
“That’s not how a tie works, Silverfang! A tie? Eight people on the Council? Who choose that number? We could deadlock any number of times! What happens then?”
“I break the vote. Not that it matters in this case.”
The doors swung open. Watch Captain Zevara strode into the room with perfect timing. She’d probably been listening at the door, to be fair, but it still turned every head. Olesm blinked as the Watch Captain strode towards the table. She stopped and placed her claws on the hardwood. She nodded to everyone, pausing for a moment on Krshia and Jeiss.
“Councilmembers. My apologies for the delay. I had to help escort the previous Council from the building. Watch Captain Zevara, reporting before Liscor’s Council.”
She straightened and gave them a perfect salute. Olesm was tickled by the performance, but it had always worked on the old Council. This new one was more relaxed. Lism just scowled at Zevara.
“Why doesn’t the vote of the Council matter where the Minotaur is concerned, Watch Captain?”
She returned his look unflappably.
