6.49
Page 20
Krshia growled at him. Yalla banged her bowl of candied nuts for attention. Her face was crimson with fury.
“Excuse me! You cannot force our landowners to adjust their prices! That is interference in business, which goes against the very heart of Drake traditions! We have a very amiable arrangement with the [Landowners] and guilds managing rent in the city.”
“Which is?”
Lism stared at her. Yalla hesitated.
“The [Landowners] contribute an annual fund to Liscor’s funds, above what we owe in taxes.”
“How much?”
“What do you mean, how m—”
“Nine thousand, six hundred, and twelve gold pieces last year. Rounded up.”
The Drake turned with fury to look at Olesm. He smiled politely back at Yalla. He saw Lism look at him and went on.
“Yalla Aldrake, [Landlady]. You paid four hundred and eight gold pieces to the, ah, Land-Fund, which is an agreed-upon tax on the owners of real estate.”
“Interesting. But I happen to know you own at least four streets. And the prices on one of those streets was six silver coins and five copper per month.”
Lism stared at Yalla. She opened her mouth.
“That was due to—”
“Six silver and five copper per month is seventy eight silver pieces per year. If you multiply that by the number of people per apartment, that’s eight times that. At least. Which is…nephew?”
Olesm’s lips moved as he did a quick summation on his parchment.
“Six hundred and twenty four silver, Un—Councilmember. And converted to gold, that’s thirty one gold and four silver. If my math holds.”
Lism nodded.
“And that’s per house. In the poorest district of the city. Multiply that by what, eight houses on one street? Twenty? Thirty? And multiply that again because streets have two sides?”
Silence. Yalla’s face was pale. Jeiss was doing the math, a deep frown on his face. Olesm came up with the answer at last.
“If you assume sixteen houses per street—and it’s actually closer to twenty six—one street would earn around five hundred gold pieces per year. And uh, not all apartments have only eight rooms.”
“And that’s the poorest district! With widowers, old Drakes who can’t tie down a full job anymore and people who need a home! Where do they go if they can’t afford the rent?”
The [Shopkeeper]’s voice was too loud. Yalla winced.
“How should I know?”
It was the wrong answer, and the wrong indignant tone to take. Lism exploded as his fist came down and sent the bowl of nuts flying.
“They go to live with their families or friends or they sleep on the street! Six silver coins and five copper for a room on Welcaissel Street!? I’d be ashamed to rent that room to Humans!”
“How dare you! What I do with my apartments is my business!”
Yalla shouted back at Lism. He was not to be outdone, and she had made a mistake shouting at someone whose entire job was shouting.
“Really? In that case, you can explain to me what an old lady is supposed to do when she’s turned out onto the streets without two coppers to rub together and nowhere to go!”
“Councilmember Lism! Please stop shouting!”
One of the Drakes begged. Lism’s voice was echoing in the meeting room. All three Gnolls had covered their ears, but Elirr looked approving. So did Jeiss. Stales, shaken, looked around. The Drake, older, one of the old Council, pointed shakily at Lism.
“This is not the place for shouting. We have measured debates, not these—attacks on Councilmembers!”
He looked around for support. The old Council nodded. Stales broke in hurriedly.
