6.49
Page 35
“And if they don’t report the numbers?”
“That’s a job for Watch Captain Zevara and truth spells. Can we make it retroactive?”
Jeiss grinned.
“You’d scare away every [Merchant] in a thousand miles, Lism. The law doesn’t work like that, believe me. Just stick to two silver pieces. What else?”
There was a pause. And then the Council began speaking all at once. It was chaos as Olesm tried to keep up, listening to Krshia and Lism arguing, Jeiss talking law, Alonna offering magical solutions and Raekea and Elirr bringing in Gnollish ideas to a room that had only known Drakes. It was chaos, and probably inefficient. But it was also fresh and new. Olesm had to keep turning his head because if he kept it in one place too long, his smile would make one of the Councilmembers look up and ask what was so funny. And it wasn’t funny. It was wonderful.
 
—-
 
The outraged former Council of Liscor took twenty minutes to convene back on the city hall like a swarm of bees. Slow bees, who had to pant because they’d run all the way back. But they’d brought reinforcements. Last year’s Council, plus Zalaiss and Tismel, plus the previous Council! And the Council before them! There weren’t actually twenty six of them—only twenty two—because some of them had served dual offices.
But they certainly outnumbered the six upstarts in that office! The Councilmembers stormed up the steps, ready to put an end to this madness by force if necessary. They got to the room where the current Council was meeting. But got no further because someone was blocking the way.
Just…someone. Not someones. But you only needed one. Relc looked up from where he was sitting on a stool. Of course, the Councilmembers recognized him. That pestilential, rude—er, large, very helpful Senior Guardsman. He looked larger than they remembered him. And when he stood up, you couldn’t help but notice he was in fine shape for his age and semi-retirement.
“Move aside! We demand to see the Council!”
Someone from the back of the mob shouted. After all, there were twenty tw—nineteen of them. Eighteen, now. Relc cracked his knuckles. Then his arms. Then his neck. And then his spine.
“Ooh! Bad posture. Hello everyone! Councilmember Zalaiss, Councilmember Tismel, you’re free to go back and listen if you promise not to interrupt too much. Everyone else, this is city hall.”
“…So?”
“You’re not the Council.”
Relc looked at them as if they were idiots. The Drakes hesitated, and then one of the group of fifteen blustered.
“We are all former Councilmembers! So if you know what’s good for you—”
She stopped as Relc held up a clawed hand.
“Damnit! Sorry, sorry. I made a mistake. Let me try again.”
He took a breath, and then he smiled and held up a hand. He slowly clenched it into a fist.
“Hi! I’m Relc. No one but the current Council goes through, got it? I’m allowed to hit you if you disagree. Please disagree.”
And strangely, no one disagreed. The Council hesitated, and thought about bodyguards and mercenaries and shady people. Then they looked at Relc’s fist. The Gecko of Liscor gave them a bright smile.
And that was that. The Council worked on ignorant of what was going outside. They were talking, debating. And it wasn’t just Krshia and Lism. They had held the floor to begin with; it had been their parties, their ideas. But after the first agreements had been struck, it was anyone’s floor. And contrary to what they’d expected—everyone had something to bring to the conversation.
“Can we agree to pass Watch Captain Zevara’s budget?”
