6.49
Page 5
“But it’s half. And they could push through a lot of votes, especially since it’d be down to Zevara…”
“Two would be perfect.”
“It’s risky…”
Yalla looked around the table.
“If we did it this way…what is it this time?”
“Three.”
“Three’s good. And it works! No one’s going to riot. And we never promised.”
“Exactly. So, all in favor?”
The Council of Liscor looked up. And they cast their last vote. It was unanimous. And they only felt a little guilty doing it.
 
—-
 
It was late evening in Liscor. Election day. There was a crowd outside city hall. Thousands of Drakes and Gnolls, filling the plaza and going all the way up to the steps. A line of [Guards] kept anyone from entering. Erin Solstice stood near the front, peering on her tiptoes while Lyonette held Mrsha in her arms.
“You’re heavy, sweetie. If I’d have known it would take this long, I’d have brought a chair. Climb up and hold on, would you?”
Lyonette groaned to Mrsha. The Gnoll cub obligingly held onto Lyonette’s shoulders, taking the burden off the [Princess]’s arms. Erin glanced sideways at Lyonette. She was antsy with anticipation and nerves.
“Why not let Mrsha down?”
“And let her be stepped on?”
Lyonette looked reproving. The crowd was thick with bodies. Erin hesitated.
“Right. Well, I can hold her—”
“No, I have her. It’s good training for my arms, anyways. Although Mrsha’s a lot heavier than a sword.”
Erin blinked.
“You still practice?”
“Every day. Some days I forget, but I do try! Yvlon’s mentoring me.”
“Huh. How come I never notice this?”
“I do it in Liscor. Anyone can use the Adventurer’s Guild’s training courts.”
“Oh. That’s why you take so long to buy eggs.”
It was idle chatter. And their voices were one in thousands of conversations. Mrsha sighed and rubbed her face against Lyonette’s shirt, making an inarticulate sound of protest. Lyonette patted her on the head.
“Just a bit longer, honey. I promise. If they don’t finish in…twenty minutes, I’ll buy you a snack. Promise! But it’s a big day.”
Mrsha nodded. And Erin nodded. And everyone in earshot nodded. It was worth waiting for. Because everyone was here, or waiting for the news. Street Runners were poised to earn some tips delivering the message. Voters were ready to celebrate or maybe, riot.
Erin cast her gaze towards city hall’s steps. There they were at the head of the crowd. The main actors in this drama.
Krshia, Senior Guardswoman Beilmark, Elirr the [Beast Trainer], Raekea the [Armorer], and the other four Gnolls stood together in an anxious knot at the head of the crowd. Selys stood behind them, anxiously hopping up and down to see past the taller Gnolls.
Across from them, alternating between staring at the double doors and glaring daggers at Krshia’s side were Lism, Senior Guardsman Jeiss, Alonna the Guildmistress of the Mage’s Guild, and two Drakes and three Gnolls. Olesm stood next to his uncle, not a candidate, but a part of it all. Erin glared at the back of his head and he winced, as if feeling her stare.
“If that jerk Lism wins, I swear, Olesm’s banned from the inn.”
She wasn’t sure if she was serious. And she wasn’t sure what she would feel if Krshia lost. Erin clenched her sweaty hands. And then, just when she was turning to Lyonette to suggest getting Mrsha a snack—the doors opened.
The murmuring crowd went so quiet, it was as if someone had cast a [Silence] spell over them. It caught the eight Drakes off-guard. They paused, staring at the sea of faces.
