6.49
Page 6
It was, perhaps, one of the few times Liscor’s Council had ever been at the center of so much attention. Nervously, they came out, stopping just behind the line of [Guards] who obligingly made way for them. Then reformed as the Councilmembers hurriedly waved them back into place. Erin heard a voice, murmuring, and then someone cast a spell.
The voice that boomed across the plaza came from Stales Greenscale. Not that even a third of the crowd knew his name. He coughed, heard the echo and winced, and spoke.
“Excuse me. Good evening. Liscor’s Council has tallied the votes for this year’s election which will replace the current Council with a…democratically elected group of eight for the next two years. The votes have been checked and verified by magical spell, so I am pleased to announce total authenticity of the results!”
He waited. If it was for applause, it never came. Stales hesitated and then went on, tripping over his words.
“So, therefore, I’m pleased…again…to announce the results of the election!”
Another pause. There was some half-hearted applause. Someone shouted.
“Get on with it!”
Liscor’s Council turned and glared at Relc. The [Guardsman] pretended to be scanning the crowd for the shouter. Grudgingly, feeling as if there should have been…drums…yes, perhaps drums, or trumpets, Stales went on.
“Ahem. People of Liscor! By popular vote, we are pleased to announce the new Council is…”
In the crowd, Lyonette’s head rose and she narrowed her eyes with the senses of a [Princess] sensing a trap. Erin just looked blank.
“Popular—? Why’d he say—”
But then the words came, overriding the confusion.
“Raekea Silversmith, Elirr Fultpar, Krshia Silverfang—”
The roar of sound deafened Erin and made the Council flinch backwards. Gnolls were leaping for joy, literally! The Drakes in Lism’s camp were shouting—he was sagging against his nephew, and Selys was punching the air. Krshia was laughing, beaming as the other Gnolls hugged each other—
“—and Lism Swifttail, Alonna Swiftwing, Jeiss Sielmark, Tismel Lischscale, and Zalaiss Holmfyre!”
The noise of the celebrating crowd suddenly went still. Heads turned back to the stairs. Erin blinked.
“What? What did he say?”
Her words were echoed through the crowd. People were murmuring, staring.
“What? But some of them were running in the same district!”
“Lism and Krshia? What?”
Stales spoke up, his voice carrying across the plaza. The [Merchant] beamed at the staring crowd, sweating as he clasped his claws behind his back.
“The Council has decided to choose the most popular candidates to take the Council seats! No official backing was ever given to the proposed districts! Thus, this was deemed the fairest and most equitable distribution of seats! Based on the popular vote! Congratulations to the new Council!”
No one applauded. No one even moved. Stales’ smile faded. He hesitated. Councilmember Yalla stepped forwards.
“Thank you! You may disperse!”
Obviously, no one did. Okay, some of the Antinium Workers and Painted Soldiers gathered around Yellow Splatters to one side where he and Klbkch were watching began to walk off, but he called them back. And everyone else was still. Liscor’s Council held their breath. Erin exhaled hers. She looked at Lyonette, indignant.
“They can’t do that! That’s cheating!”
“They just did. It’s clever. And the only move they could make. It might be bad, though. Let’s get to the inn, Erin.”
Lyonette looked around. Erin was blank.
“Why? What’s…”
