6.49
Page 33
The two Drakes regarded Lism. Jeiss, who had risen through the ranks to become a Senior Guardsman and who had lived in apartments in Liscor all his life. Alonna, who had been a [Mage] paying rent as well. They looked at him, smiling slightly.
“No objections, Councilmember Lism.”
“None on my end either. Let’s hear what you have to say.”
“Very good. And my…fellow Councilmembers. Councilmember Elirr?”
The elderly Gnoll beamed at Lism. After all, Elirr had family, friends in Liscor. Gnolls were not wealthy.
“Councilmember Raekea?”
Raekea nodded. She might have been Liscor’s best [Armorer] but she wasn’t…Zalaiss paled. The [Merchant] looked at Tismel, the Guildmaster, and then at Krshia. Honored Krshia. Krshia the [Shopkeeper]. The Gnoll inclined her head. And she almost purred as she spoke.
“Councilmember Lism, I believe you have yet to ask for my opinion.”
“Don’t ruin the moment, Krshia Silverfang.”
Lism sighed. But then he looked at her.
“Your thoughts?”
Krshia took her time in replying. When she did speak, it was cheerfully.
“It’s always been interesting to me, yes? How majorities work. Gnolls do not have such things. We have our [Chieftains], and we respect authority in age and deed and in other ways. In the Gnollmoot, yes, we also gather and the [Chieftains] must debate of course, but even there, it is not simply a majority wins. This way is much simpler. One could overrule all other voices if they had, mm, five votes, yes? Let alone six. Then two voices do not matter. That is much like a…hrm. Tyranny. Which is not a Gnollish thing. Some might call it dangerous, yes?”
Zalaiss went dead white. Tismel caught on and choked. Lism looked up at the ceiling and then reconsidered. He stared down at the candied nuts embedded in the carpet and smiled.
“Perhaps it is. But [Kings] seem to do it well enough. Maybe it’s wrong for a democracy. But it strikes me that Liscor hasn’t been one. The old Council used to elect the new Council. So one turn is fair to me.”
He spread his claws on the table and nodded around.
“I motion to amend how the Council decides on issues. Later. So. As I was saying, the Antinium can have their visitors to the city. Under watch. And more Soldiers aboveground since they apparently have an army of them under our feet. No expansion of the Hive and I say we test to make sure they’re not expanding six times a year at minimum. In exchange, we hire them to do some of the rebuilding process. But to expand the city, we need funds. The third problem which we brought up at the start of that meeting.”
The others nodded. Zalaiss was making a faint noise in the back of her throat. Olesm was waiting with bated breath. This was better than a play because it was real. And it was happening. Krshia nodded, playing her role out with a broad smile.
“The Antinium will pay for a good deal of this, yes? They could begin work without a need for a down payment. And they have a good deal of materials, or so Senior Guardsman Klbkch has informed me. Quality stone, taken from the dungeon.”
“Yes, yes. We’ll also have funds from the army and the Walled Cities. They have pledged to aid Liscor.”
“But we’re striking a deal with the Antinium.”
Alonna pointed out, amused. Lism raised a claw.
“Only because that damned Krshia insists! We’re not allowing them to expand the Hive! Much! If at all. Otherwise we’d be forced to accept full Antinium aid. If the Walled Cities won’t pay. I believe that’s called ‘nothing for nothing’.”
He looked at Krshia. She smiled. Lism went on.
