6.49
Page 39
“Mister…Teliv, we actually summoned you because we need a [Negotiator] to perform a variety of tasks. We have several Guildleaders who need to understand a variety of rules we’re about to put in place, a neighboring city we need to er, negotiate with for their trade goods, and more. Is that what your class does? Have you done this for the Council?”
Lism frowned at Teliv, glancing at Olesm. He vaguely remembered the younger Drake, but he didn’t remember someone so ostentatious. Teliv’s eyes widened.
“You have work for me? Actual work?”
“You didn’t aid the previous Council in your official capacity often?”
Nothing would have surprised Alonna anymore, but she managed to sound even more disapproving. No one had seen Tismel or Zalaiss so far, or the rest of the old Council. They were no doubt trying to figure something out, but Relc’s fist had kept everyone away so far. Teliv laughed until he realized she was serious.
“Well, yes. I’m part of Liscor’s very small, very underfunded diplomatic office. Normally, the Council just needs its Watch Captain, Olesm to boss about all the scribes and make sure all those tidy laws get enforced, and a few [Runners] to make sure the system keeps moving. But sometimes, very rarely, once in five blue moons, they need someone to negotiate a deal with the [Merchants], or talk over things with another city. Then they call for me! Or Mavei. Or Aless. Don’t call them. I’m the best.”
The Council looked at Olesm. Raekea coughed.
“Is he?”
“Well…probably. Teliv’s the highest-level I think, and he’s good at his job, despite how he acts.”
The [Strategist] ignored Teliv’s hurt look.
“What? Olesm, that hurts! We’re old friends!”
“How do you know my nephew?”
“Uncle!”
Lism narrowed his eyes, but Teliv’s laugh made even the [Shopkeeper] relax.
“We met in Manus’ academies. Olesm was the studious one. I decided being a [Tactician] wasn’t for me! Manus trains [Diplomats] too. I uh, haven’t made it to that class, but if you’ve got work for me, maybe I’ll finally level up!”
“Why would Manus need to train [Diplomats]? Wouldn’t Fissival be better?”
“Oh, Fissival only trains [Scholars]. We [Diplomats] have to be a bit sterner! There are threats that come with the class! Assassination, poisoning, assault, intimidation, blackmail…”
Teliv trailed off as he saw the blank looks on the faces of the other Councilmembers.
“It’s more of a problem between other Drake cities. Liscor didn’t have anyone to talk to until recently. Except for the Humans. And do we talk to them? No, seriously, am I talking to them?”
Krshia smiled. She approved of Teliv’s attitude. She looked at Lism and held a thumbs up. He scowled as Jeiss, grinning, did the same. Alonna shrugged, Raekea nodded, Elirr scratched his head—it was only after looking at Olesm that Lism sighed.
“Very well, you’ll be present when we negotiate. First with Guardsman Klbkch—then we’ll send you to the Guildmasters. Then to Esthelm. Here’s what you need to know. We’re trying to strike a deal—”
Teliv’s face fell. He backed up slightly at Klbkch’s name.
“Antinium? I uh, don’t do Antinium. Now, Mavei…”
He turned to go. Olesm shut the door. Teliv looked at him and then patted him on the shoulder.
“So, how’s the new Council?”
Olesm grinned.
“What do you think?”
Teliv looked behind him and saw three Drakes and three Gnolls staring at him. He hesitated, and then checked himself.
“If you’ll allow me, Councilmembers. I think I need to get my suit. And a protective amulet.”
 
—-
 
