6.50 I
Page 22
“In times past, it was considered to be an essential tool of monarchs. Such that nobility wore it as well; to prove their actions were beyond repute. That fad went about as well as one might expect. Now, this is how we will test people. Put it on and hold the mirror up.”
He held out the diadem to Osthia. She dutifully put it on and saw the jewels lighting up. She couldn’t see all of them, but then she picked up the mirror and saw the enchantment around the diadem. And herself.
“That aura. Is it…?”
“Ah. That represents your natural aura. It seems legitimate. Oldblood Drakes have more magic about them. But the real test is if a spell activates when you try to lie, as well as the diadem’s reaction. Captain Osthia. Please state that you are not under the Necromancer’s control or working for him or anyone else in any way.”
Bemused, Osthia turned her head.
“Anyone else? But—”
She heard the sound of metal rasping in its sheath. She twisted—and held very still as a bitingly cold blade’s edge lay against the side of her neck. Ilvriss stared at her, quite calmly.
“Say it.”
Osthia did. Ilvriss waited, stared at the diadem, and lowered his sword.
“Good.”
“You were serious about that. What if I’d been an agent of someone else?”
Osthia felt at the cold cut along her neck. Ilvriss shrugged fractionally as he sheathed his blade.
“I told you. I trust no one.”
The [Captain] thought about this. Then she offered the diadem and mirror to Ilvriss.
“Well then. Your turn.”
He blinked. But then he put on the diadem and raised the mirror. Osthia walked around him so she could see it and see the gems glow as he replied. They were the same colors, more or less, that had glowed when she’d spoken.
Both she and Ilvriss relaxed. They’d been sure, but the test made both feel better. Ilvriss went back to sitting down at the table. Osthia picked up the mirror and played with it.
“So, what’s the next step? Test everyone in your employ, and then the city? One by one?”
Ilvriss looked amused.
“If it were that easy…tell me, what do you think would happen if we discovered they were the Necromancer’s allies?”
“Kill them? Or interrogate them, keep them captive I suppose.”
Osthia didn’t blink. Ilvriss raised one brow.
“And then? What would Az’kerash do? When his minion failed to report in or suffered an ‘accident’?”
“Ah. Then what’s our next move? Wait…we…only test who we can.”
Osthia was getting the hang of this. Ilvriss nodded, smiling.
“And we adopt his strategy unto them. A few accidents would not rouse the Necromancer’s suspicion if it seems innocuous. Our goal is to reveal his minions and create a group we are certain of while avoiding alerting him.”
“But how can it be done?”
The complexity of the task was maddening Osthia. She was no [Infiltrator], no [Spy]! Ilvriss sighed.
“Simple. We engineer scenarios where the people we want to test are in the same room as us for reasons the Necromancer would believe are completely genuine. And there will be a reason for us to approach such people completely covertly. A reason that Az’kerash will accept as completely legitimate. This is for you. I intend to circulate it among my peers first; if there are any spies for other Walled Cities or Az’kerash, he will surely see it.”
Ilvriss passed a document to Osthia. She stared down at the neat handwriting, and his personal seal. And then she understood. She looked up and Ilvriss smiled at her. The Wall Lord tapped the copy in front of him.
