6.50 I
Page 21
“That has happened twice. In another case, the Necromancer replaced a sitting monarch and her family with puppets. And he manipulated one of his puppets into ousting the fake [Queen] as undead simply to continue the ruse. If we go to war, we may find our allies committing blunders, sabotaging our ranks. We cannot allow that.”
Ilvriss stood up and paced back and forth, restlessly.
“Az’kerash is a difficult enemy to face openly. We have no idea what his grand plan is. We may extrapolate, but the Necromancer’s motives—besides the obvious—are unknown to us. We know where he is vaguely, but we cannot move on him without alerting him that we are aware of him. We cannot alert the Drake cities without risking the same. And if it comes to war, we may well lose even without interference by traitors.”
Osthia gulped.
“You mean…the Antinium?”
Ilvriss nodded.
“The Antinium are the second threat. The Humans, third. If it were just Az’kerash, I would call on the Walled Cities to eradicate him and his plague once and for all. But should we try it with the Antinium at our backs, we might fight a war on two fronts, or even three if those damned Humans decide to take advantage of the situation. And we nearly lost a war against the Antinium the first time. No. We do not take that risk.”
“Then what can we do? We need to fight the [Necromancer] covertly? Or—no, create a force that can ambush him, take him by surprise. That’s what must be done. But who? Who can be trusted?”
The Oldblood [Captain] felt sick. How could they be certain their ranks wouldn’t be infiltrated? The task was daunting. Too much! But she saw Ilvriss smile grimly.
“Captain Blackwing. You have a Lord of the Wall on your side. I am not without my means. I’ve merely educated you on the reality of the issue as I see it. Now, here are some of my solutions.”
He returned to the desk and pulled out an object. Osthia stared at it. It was a hand mirror, inlaid with pearl and silver. Ilvriss regarded it and shook his head.
“During the investigation of a murder of a Gnoll in Liscor, Regrika Blackpaw was asked, under truth spell, whether she had committed the murder. Somehow, she fooled the spell.”
He waved the mirror at Osthia.
“This is a dreadfully gauche Mirror of True Seeing. See how many pearls are inlaid in..? Never mind. [True Seeing] is a Tier 6 spell capable of seeing through all but Tier 8 magics, and even they begin to fail in its presence. Az’kerash may be able to fool its power, but if he can, he should have been able to break Liscor in half rather than waste time assailing its walls. He is a [Necromancer]; he is not specialized in magics outside of his field. So we can regard this mirror as accurate.”
He held it up and Osthia saw it flash as he lifted a claw. Any number of complex auras were surrounding the magical rings on his fingers and she saw he was wearing an amulet or something in his clothing. His sword was enchanted too—by contrast, Osthia only had a faint aura about her. Ilvriss nodded.
The next item he pulled out he regarded with almost as much distaste. Osthia recognized it as similar to a crown, only lacking the rigid structure in parts.
“This is a Diadem of Inner Thoughts. Note the hanging jewels? It is the precursor to modern truth stones. They only reflect duplicity. Each stone on this diadem reflects a different state of mind.”
“Inner Thoughts? But what’s the point of wearing something that reveals how you yourself are thinking?”
Osthia was confused. Ilvriss looked a bit embarrassed.
