6.50 I
Page 2
“How? What does that statement have to offer? Why would you even say that? Wars are bad for trade? Hey, you know what? When I flap my wings, I sometimes fly.”
“Not for much longer with how much you’re eating.”
Bevussa ignored her squabbling teammates. She turned back to Ceria and shook her head in response to the first question.
“Interesting, yeah. But not for us. We’re sticking with the dungeon. That’s where the real gold is.”
Her last teammate, the silent Kin, looked up and nodded, brushing crumbs off his—her?—scales as Zassil and Issa threw bread pieces at each other. Ceria made a face. The bounties on monster parts were now being made into a very attractive list in the Adventurer’s Guild. You could get two gold coins for an adult Blankipillar’s venom sac, intact.
It was going to drive even more interest to Liscor as adventurers came in looking for safe monster-hunting work as opposed to dungeon exploration which was far riskier and didn’t guarantee pay. But…she shook her head and nodded to her team.
“We have a thing about the dungeon. The Bloodfields sounds like good work until the door gets to Invrisil. Safer than the dungeon, too.”
Bevussa nodded understandingly. Then she frowned.
“Just remember, the Bloodfields aren’t much safer than the dungeon. If it was winter, well, that’s different. But the summer? Just stay clear of it, got it? Even the border! And watch out—even regular monsters might steer clear of the Bloodfields, but nasty types sometimes still hang about the area.”
The Horns of Hammerad nodded seriously. Ksmvr was trying to figure out how to eat his half of the loaf. Ceria bit her lip, and nodded.
“Hopefully we never get close. It’s to make a safe route around; but we’ll be careful.”
“So when’s the work start?”
Ceria had no idea. She looked at Yvlon, who’d signed them up at the Adventurer’s Guild. The [Wounded Warrior] raised her shoulders.
“In a day or two. It’s still being organized. We’re just recruiting teams today. The Council’s offering us a headhunter fee for every team in Celum we can get to work on the request. So we’re going to reach out to some teams we know. Hopefully they’ll listen.”
“Huh, what’s the fee?”
“Just a few silver—”
Everyone winced as someone dropped a plate with a crash of pottery. Ceria looked over and saw a white shape on the ground and a broken plate full of eggs. Mrsha got up and stared at the plate of breakfast she’d been trying to bring to Numbtongue’s table. She stared at it and her eyes filled up.
“Oh, Mrsha! Are you alright? Come here. It’s okay, it’s okay! Are you cut? Let me see.”
Erin, Lyonette, and several others immediately converged on the Gnoll. So did Numbtongue. He squatted down and investigated the plate of eggs mixed with shards. Mrsha wasn’t hurt; she’d just tripped. But she was staring at the broken plate and food and crying. Numbtongue watched as Lyonette and Erin cuddled Mrsha and tried to reassure her. He reached for the eggs and began to munch on them.
“Numbtongue! Stop that! You could swallow some shards! It’s all right, Mrsha. Eggs are cheap. I used to find them all the time. Those Dino Birds lay them in the ground. Here. Ishkr! Broom! And we’ll get new eggs…”
