6.50 I
Page 12
He shuddered. Ilvriss stared at him and then he laughed. Tasilt stared at him. His lips quirked, and his tail swayed on the warm stone tiles.
“Don’t laugh! It was a disaster!”
“I’m sorry. But that really is a story that would only come from you, Tasilt.”
Ilvriss chuckled, shaking his head. He looked at his old friend.
“By all means, bring over your family next week, Tasilt. I’ll send the invitation. I should like to meet Feldir and the others. He sounds like a spitting image of you at your age.”
The other Wall Lord blinked. Then he grinned ruefully.
“Ancestors, I hope not! Otherwise he’ll be…”
He paused and then suddenly frowned.
“Damn it. He has been asking for more money. If he’s at those…I’d better send a Runner down to The Scarlet Tail and inquire tactfully…no, better if I go myself. Dead gods. I can’t have grandchildren running around yet! Well, Ancestors. I have to run. Ilvriss, this was a pleasure.”
He turned and held out a claw. Ilvriss took it, smiling.
“I quite enjoyed it, Tasilt. And we must talk later.”
“Oh, I’ll look forwards to it.”
Tasilt smiled, genuinely pleased. Then he adjusted his clothes a final time, walked out of the balcony and down the walkway across Salazar. Ilvriss watched him go. Then he turned and went inside.
The private sitting room wasn’t too messy. Not as if, say, Tasilt’s rebellious Gnoll son, Feldir and his friends had been drinking late here. It was mainly just empty cups and bottles. Ilvriss walked around them and sat in a chair by the fireplace. He rubbed at his temples. Now he was feeling tired. He’d need a stamina potion to function today as well. Absently, Ilvriss reached for something to drink and came up with a nearly empty bottle of fine wine. He stared at it, and then, carefully, put the bottle down.
“Salisa.”
Ilvriss left the sitting room and found one of his family’s staff waiting for him in the hall. The old Drake looked expectantly at him.
“I’m in need of some water. And a stamina potion.”
“I’ll have it to you at once, Wall Lord.”
Salisa nodded. The Wall Lord nodded and retired to the study. After a minute, a Drake returned with some water and a shot of a strong stamina potion in a glass. He took both and let them begin cleaning the room. The water and potion cleared his mind and Ilvriss sat back.
He felt guilty about drinking. But it had served its purpose and now he was back to non-alcoholic beverages again, just like in Liscor after…
Lost in thought, Ilvriss glanced up and saw Saliss returning. He looked up and she nodded towards the door. She wasn’t a servant, was she? But what else could you call her? She’d been employed by his family just like her father and mother for generations. But she wasn’t a ‘servant’. But that was just splitting hairs.
He hated thinking like this. But he couldn’t stop it. Ilvriss stood up and Saliss paused. She didn’t bow or curtsy or whatever Human servants did, but the rest of it was the same.
“Wall Lord. Wardmistress Geyasa awaits you in the dawn study.”
“I’ll see her at once. Thank you, Salisa.”
Ilvriss nodded. And then he strode towards the study facing the northeast. It was already illuminated by the rising sun, and Ilvriss saw that the waiting [Mage] was well attended to. She rose from a small meal and dabbed at her mouth.
“Wall Lord Ilvriss. Thank you for making time for me. I hope I’m not intruding?”
“Not at all, Wardmistress Geyasa. I just saw the last of my guests off today. May I ask how your work has gone?”
The Drake inclined her head.
