6.50 I
Page 5
That was a good point. Pisces’ absence would be helpful. But—Ceria hesitated. Yvlon took over and slapped Pisces on the back. He winced and she frowned at him.
“You really have to stop making all your good points as obnoxiously as possible, Pisces. Fine. Stay. Right, Ceria?”
She looked at Ceria and the half-Elf reluctantly nodded.
“I suppose it’s for the best. But you’re not weaseling out of work, Pisces!”
“Perish the thought. I’m preparing myself for that very moment.”
Pisces looked up and nodded. He even seemed serious. Then he turned back to his breakfast, flipping open his personal spellbook and checking his notes. He reminded Ceria of his days as student, in fact. She paused, and then gave up and went towards the door.
“Mind if you send us to Liscor, Erin? I’d fly, but my stomach’s first.”
Bevussa was first in line. Erin shut the door, obligingly changed it, and sent the teams out to Liscor, and then the Horns to Celum.
The visitor arrived just after the flow of traffic ended. And he came through the actual, ordinary door which was a surprise. Erin turned as a Drake with black scales spotted with yellow swept into the room. Teliv Witherscale looked around warily, and then put a beaming smile on his face as soon as he saw Erin.
“Hello, hello! Are you by any chance the Erin Solstice? Teliv Witherscale, at your service! I’m the [Negotiator] in charge of the Esthelm diplomatic trip. We’re all ready to depart; the wagons are just rolling north with their escort! But we can catch up to them in an hour without issue if you need to wait!”
He strode over to Erin and she found herself shaking his claw. And it was the perfect handshake—firm, but not too strong—the kind that made you feel like you weren’t failing at the opening greeting. She liked Teliv instantly, and wasn’t sure if it was a Skill or just the Drake’s personality.
“Hi! I’m Erin! Sorry, did you say the wagons are going now? Am I late? That tax guy just said someone would pick me up!”
“Not late at all, not at all! The main convoy’s just moving at a different pace. There’s a Watch escort and not all the [Wagon Drivers] have movement Skills. I have one ready to go that can easily catch up—or, if you can ride, we can take horses! But where are my manners?”
So saying, he produced a bright green flower and offered it to Erin. She was tickled pink.
“Flowers?”
Teliv winked at her.
“I know it’s antiquated. Although they do teach us to give flowers at the academy! But it is a delight to meet the iconic, no, legendary owner of The Wandering Inn! Olesm has told me such tales—when he deigns to visit me. I’ll admit, we run in different circles these days, but I envy his company!”
“You know Olesm?”
Erin blinked. Teliv smiled.
“Why, of course I do! He’s never mentioned me? Not once? His handsome, charming friend?”
“Maybe—but why have I never seen you with Olesm, then? Or at my inn?”
Erin propped her hands on her hips. Teliv smiled apologetically.
“My dear Miss Solstice, I’m afraid that’s because I have a healthy regard for my life. I’m positively allergic to death or situations that cause it. Or trouble, for that matter. Hence my reluctant aversion to your inn!”
The Drake sighed. He turned, spreading the smile to Lyonette and Mrsha, who’d both come to stare at him. Erin was impressed; when Teliv saw Numbtongue he only froze up for a microsecond. Then he just smiled at the Hobgoblin. He was pretty good.
