6.50 I
Page 18
Osthia replied awkwardly. She was still in awe of Ilvriss. He was a Wall Lord, the nobility of the Drakes! Normally he’d command an army or huge division and she’d be far below his rank. But circumstances had thrown them together. For one thing, he and she both knew one thing that put them both in danger.
Az’kerash, the Necromancer, was alive. Osthia had seen him take over his minion, the Goblin Lord, Reiss. Ilvriss had learned from Zel Shivertail and Ryoka Griffin that Az’kerash was alive. The Necromancer had killed his soldiers, including his love, Periss, during a battle thanks to the inadvertent interference of Ryoka Griffin.
Ilvriss had found Osthia as she escaped the Goblin Lord, caught her before she could warn the Walled Cities. He had persuaded her to stay silent, to adopt a disguise and return with him to Salazsar. Osthia still wasn’t sure if she should have refused and spread word Az’kerash was alive. But here she was.
“It’s the least I can do. You are being awarded the lesser guest quarters, as befits my bodyguard. If it’s uncomfortable in any way…”
“Not at all, Wall Lord. The staff and Miss Salisa are exceedingly polite. But with respect, that isn’t a high concern of mine. The…”
Osthia glanced towards the doors. Ilvriss waved a claw.
“We’re clear. The wards have been reinforced and checked. Twice. Speak freely.”
Osthia nodded and relaxed.
“The Necromancer is my only worry, Wall Lord. I could sleep on rocks so long as it meant doing something. With respect, I’d like to know your plan of action. It’s been weeks.”
“It has. And I appreciate your forbearance, Captain Blackwing. But as I stated, I had to be sure. I’ve completed my deception as well as I can. As far as the city knows, I’ve finally returned home and embraced my former lifestyle. Banquets, socialization—and so forth. In that time, I’ve also ensured my home is not under any surveillance, physical or otherwise. That includes you.”
The [Captain] nodded, appreciatively. She’d been terrified to even say the word ‘necromancer’ lest Az’kerash catch on that she was alive. Ilvriss hadn’t even used her real name until this moment.
“We’re secure, then. But what is the plan, sir? Alert the ruling bodies of the Walled Cities? Rally an army and march on the Necromancer?”
Osthia was practically vibrating with the desire for vengeance. She remembered the Necromancer’s voice, the moment before he had conjured an army of undead to slay her uncle’s army to the last Drake and Gnoll. All but for her. She would personally lead the charge on his lair, even if it meant her death.
But Wall Lord Ilvriss just shook his head.  He sat back in his chair and tapped his claws together.
“I’ve given the matter much thought, Captain Blackwing. And I’ve come to three conclusions. Hear me out before you reply.”
He raised one claw. Osthia sat back, listening. He was a Wall Lord, but she’d had poor [Commanders]. What had convinced her to listen was the fact that Ilvriss had a reputation for sharpness, even if he had been traditionally opposed to Pallass back when they’d both been part of their Walled Cities.
“Firstly, I am certain of this: Az’kerash, the Necromancer, the foe who brought war to Liscor and sent his armies ravaging south of Izril. That monster who plagued us during the Second Antinium War until he was brought death by Zel Shivertail. Is. Alive.”
Osthia nodded and clenched her claws into fists. There was no doubting it. He had made a puppet of the Goblin Lord, Reiss. He had turned a Goblin into a Goblin Lord as an experiment. She shuddered. Ilvriss went on.
