6.50 I
Page 23
“This is the secret force you and I are going to begin building, Captain Blackwing. I’m appointing you as its head. We’ll be securing allies, making deals with other Walled Cities—it will require travel, secrecy, and diplomacy. It may incur danger of its own. And any number of Drakes and Gnolls are going to learn of its existence. And it’s purpose will be…”
Osthia read from the page.
“A private army designed to destroy the Antinium. High-level [Soldiers], magical artifacts on par with a Gold-rank adventurer’s gear or better. Special forces from every Walled City…”
She looked up and inhaled. Ilvriss sat back.
“Exactly. This is how we fool Az’kerash, Captain Blackwing. A plan within a plan. Both are needed. The Antinium are a threat. Az’kerash is a threat. This way, we create a group capable of fighting both. People in my position, who are capable of fighting, leading, or financing actions as needed. High-level individuals. An elite strike force.”
“The same tactics that General Sserys used to fight the Antinium during the first Antinium War.”
“Undead are similar to Antinium. And an individual like Az’kerash will slaughter regular [Soldiers]. What do you think? If you have any objections, Captain Blackwing, I would like you to voice them now.”
Ilvriss waited. Osthia mulled over the document. Her wings fluttered and her breath was tinged with a hint of acrid acid. She looked up and her eyes were burning.
“I’m in. Where do I start?”
The Wall Lord bared his teeth.
“Firstly, I will put this proposition forwards within the week. Carefully. I’ll start with close friends. Gather support. In the meantime, I want you to headhunt Salaszar’s standing forces. I also have a list of individuals you and I are going to approach. But before that? We may be the targets of covert action ourselves. Other factions may see this as me grabbing power. Forming an army. Which I am, of course. So you will be my [Bodyguard] in fiction as well as reality. To that end…let’s pay a visit to my personal armory. I will need to acquire more artifacts, but right now I can equip you at something better than the average Gold-rank standard.”
Osthia inhaled sharply and got up. She was still daunted by the task ahead, but she felt better when she saw the racks of gleaming weapons. And the armor. And magical rings…she walked past them. Ilvriss sighed.
“Not one heirloom-class weapon like the Heartflame Breastplate. We’ll need to acquire that before the final assault. But I have a modest arsenal.”
“Beyond modest, Wall Lord! Do you have a spear with anything anti-magic? Naq-Alrama steel, maybe?”
Osthia looked up hopefully. Ilvriss pursed his lips.
“I could only but wish. I have an Adamantine-tipped spear enchanted with a [Piercing] spell. Will that do?”
“I think so.”
 
—-
 
Ilvriss left Osthia to pick out as much gear as she wanted from his armory. He had no fear of her overloading the magical enchantments and causing a reaction; she knew to check for how much magical interference she was generating. But she would be as well-equipped as, well, he was.
The Wall Lord didn’t know Osthia’s complete capabilities, but he estimated that a [Captain] wearing magical items was around the rank of a Gold-rank adventurer. Decent, in short. She’d be a capable [Bodyguard] at least, and Ilvriss would find the best warriors to oppose the Necromancer.
