6.50 I
Page 20
“That, or some other puppet. The very fact she was able to use that cover means someone falsified documents certifying her rank, created the illusion of her accomplishments or at the very least, her origin. It may be a Guildmaster of the Adventurer’s Guild aided the Necromancer. Or someone of higher rank.”
Ilvriss drummed his claws on the table. He went on. He had another piece of paper, a list. He was so…organized. And the fact that he could find the information? Terrifying. The Wall Lord pointed down at the next list. Names. Dates. Levels.
“In many cities that Regrika visited, high-profile Drakes met with accidents, before or after their visit. [Mages]. Retired adventurers. [Scholars]. More. How many Drakes have been killed and their deaths disguised as accidents by his minions? How many of them are there? How many traitors does he command?”
Osthia could only shake her head. This was far deeper than she’d thought. Now she understood why Ilvriss had held her back.
“So we might be sabotaged by our own ranks? By fellow Drakes? It’s unbelievable. But if—Wall Lord, if we assail him, we’ll see who they are, surely. If we reveal Az’kerash lives, we can assail him; no one would deny that!”
Ilvriss was just shaking his head.
“I considered that, Captain. But I believe that it would be too dangerous to risk.”
“How?”
Ilvriss sighed. He placed two lists of names in front of Osthia. One was short. It held her name, his, and a handful of others. All of them were Ilvriss’ personal staff, the ones that had accompanied him back from Liscor. Ilvriss tapped it with one claw.
“This is a list of people I regard as trustworthy beyond doubt. They alone are not puppets of Az’kerash, willingly or unwillingly. I hope to add to it from this list.”
The second list had names Osthia knew. Big names. Like the Dragonspeaker of Manus, Luciva Skybreath. Ilvriss nodded.
“This is a list of people I wish to alert by any means necessary if we can be sure they are true. I would have their aid in defeating the Necromancer because they possess some means of opposing him. But until I am sure, sure that they are not under the Necromancer’s control or one of his puppets in disguise, I will treat all of the names on this list as possible enemies that might turn on us if the Necromancer’s hand is forced.”
“But you don’t have anyone on the first list. Not even your fellow Wall Lords? Your family?”
Osthia was shocked. Ilvriss just looked at her.
“I do not trust my father, Captain Blackwing. There is no one I can be certain of. No one besides you, Zel Shivertail, and the young woman named Ryoka Griffin. And by now she may be compromised herself. I don’t believe you understand just how dangerous Az’kerash is.”
“I saw him wipe out an army—”
The Oldblood Drake protested hotly. Ilvriss held up a claw.
“I am not talking about his military abilities. I am talking about his ability to make puppets out of corpses as real as if they were alive. He has done so in the past. In Terandria, a [General] might be leading an army against Az’kerash only to make disastrous move after move. He would lose the battle, damning his troops and then return back in disgrace. And then lead a second army again and fail. And then, as he stood before his [King] in disgrace, reveal himself as an undead and assassinate the ruler and everyone else in the room.”
Osthia paled. Ilvriss went on.
