6.50 I
Page 13
“My team and I have swept your mansion and your properties, Wall Lord. We did uncover a few minor spells, but nothing of note. Nothing in your estate—your wards held.”
Ilvriss sighed, affecting relief. Internally he was skeptical, but the Drake standing in front of him was one of the best in all of Izril at her job. He nodded.
“Thank you for your understanding, Wardmistress, as well as the need for discretion and haste.”
The [Wardmistress] bowed her head slightly.
“Of course, Wall Lord. Rest assured, my team was thorough. Your friend’s impetuousness has thankfully not cost the security of your estate as far as we can discern. Nevertheless, we have updated all the wards and installed a more powerful enchantment at your request. Even an Archmage of Wistram would have great difficulty cracking these wards, and the enchantments I have installed will alert me the moment they are broken.”
She looked somewhat disapproving. Not at Ilvriss, but at his friend, the one who had been behind the drastic need for her arrival to begin with. She glanced at Ilvriss.
“Do you by any chance still have the offending object, Wall Lord? I could attempt to trace who placed the spying spell, or my colleagues at Fissival could undertake the task.”
Ilvriss smiled ruefully.
“I regret to say I disposed of it as soon as I was aware that it was at fault. Rest assured, I’ve informed Wall Lord Brilm of his mistake. It will not happen again.”
“Only prudent, Wall Lord.”
Wardmistress Geyasa nodded understandingly. Ilvriss felt a pang of guilt as she flashed a glare out of his study window, as if trying to find the culprit.
My apologies, Brilm.
His friend’s indiscretions were well known. No one who heard the tale would doubt that Brilm had inadvertently brought an object enchanted with some spying spell into Ilvriss’ home after being duped. And if Brilm himself heard the tale, he might well believe it himself. It had happened before. Thinking of that, Ilvriss went to his bag of holding and pulled out an apple-sized object and held it out to Geyasa.
“Would you check this bauble? A recording spell on quartz unless I miss my guess. Simple, but I would like to be certain.”
“It would be no issue. One moment.”
The Drake took the quartz sound recording and turned it over. Ilvriss waited, and she nodded after half a minute.
“It seems perfectly fine. The complexity of the sound contained within is somewhat above average, but for a conversation in numerous parts or music, I would expect it to be. Will there be anything else?”
“Nothing. You have my sincerest gratitude.”
Ilvriss nodded and Geyasa bowed.
“Our pleasure, Wall Lord. On behalf of Fissival’s Scholarium, we thank you for choosing our institution above all others.”
She smiled a bit smugly. Ilvriss smiled too, nodded, and forbade mentioning that she was the second [Mage] he’d hired to inspect his home.
“Only naturally. Drakes must work with other Drakes. Please tender my regards to Fissival’s Three when you return. May I offer you an escort…?”
“I will politely decline, Wall Lord. If you would be so good, though? My team’s equipment is somewhat cumbersome and affects our bags of holding as well as teleportation…”
“I will have it returned to Fissival at all haste.”
Ilvriss reassured the [Mage]. She nodded and excused herself. He made a note to send a gratuity fee; she had travelled through the night and it must have been a chore to transport the magical objects via wagon and not the customary methods.
