6.50 I
Page 8
She put the ring back on her finger before anyone could see the faint indentation of flesh. And she looked at the ring thoughtfully for another second. But then Teliv was politely urging her towards the waiting wagon, and Erin had an adventure to attend to in Esthelm! Not a huge one if Teliv had his way, but Erin wanted to see how the city had fared since she’d helped it. So, it turned out, did Numbtongue.
Of course, that was a bad idea, at least, according to Teliv. But soon Erin was on the road and busy. She was always busy, but sometimes she remembered how quiet her inn had been. And all the old guests who had left or…gone.
Her old Antinium chess players. Halrac and his team. The original Horns of Hammerad. Once, Brunkr. Ryoka. And…Erin sat on the wagon, and looked at the ring on her finger. Sometimes she forgot it was there. It was comfortable; if she didn’t think of it, it felt like part of her finger. And no one remembered her wearing it? Come to that—Erin narrowed her eyes and then fished out a gold coin. She stared at it and at the ring.
“Huh.”
She wanted to know what it meant, but Teliv wasn’t the person to ask. Like the special coin in her safe, it was something to ponder and ask the right people. And it did remind Erin of a certain jerk who hadn’t been completely a jerk. Sometimes she even missed him.
She wondered what he was doing now.
 
—-
 
Wall Lord Ilvriss of Salazsar was home. He had returned to his Walled City, the City of Gems, Salazsar, located in the mountainous eastern region of Izril. And had Erin Solstice wished it, she could have found out his whereabouts and what he was up to quite easily.
Anyone could. It was a fact of this world that thanks to [Message] spells and the changing nature of politics, information was power. And Ilvriss was a name. One of many, true. But a Wall Lord still merited enough attention that his actions were the talk of Salazsar.
They said he’d gone after Zel Shivertail even though a truce had been called between the Trisstal Alliance and Salazsar. Even though the Goblin Lord had been attacking Drake and Human cities, Ilvriss hadn’t let go of the grudge and dueled Zel Shivertail. The injuries of that duel had led to General Shivertail’s demise at the Goblin Lord’s claws.
No, it wasn’t vengeance. Wall Lord Ilvriss had gone with General Shivertail to raise another army! He’d balked at working with the Humans, obviously, but he’d been holding the walls while the Humans assailed Liscor.
Actually—and let’s be clear here—it was neither. If you wanted to know the real details of Ilvriss’ mysterious sojourn abroad, it was all to do with the rumored lover he had. He’d met her in Liscor and all the other incidents he’d been involved in were a result of that getaway! But they’d broken up, hence his abrupt return.
Those were the three biggest theories, and there were some other rumors, with everything from Ilvriss trying to become Liscor’s next Wall Lord, or that he’d taken some serious injury in the battle with Zel Shivertail or their following clash with the Goblin Lord and been forced to recover.
Rumors of a liaison with a Gnoll, or even more scandalous, a Human were never founded. But then again, no one who understood the significance of it took the absence of the plain, golden ring on Ilvriss’ claws lightly.
The sheer fact was that Ilvriss had everyone’s on him in the weeks after his return. And what had he done? Well—partied.
