6.50 I
Page 25
“Navine. I didn’t expect to see you today. To what do I owe this pleasure.”
Wall Lady Navine Gemscale pointedly glared at Ilvriss. She wasn’t smiling, nor did she seem pleased to greet her sibling. They were nearly of age, although he was the eldest by three years.
“Ilvriss. I’m not here on a social call. I heard you lost your ring.”
“Half the city knows. And I gave it away, not lost it.”
Ilvriss snapped, regretting spreading that rumor. Navine raised her brows.
“Really? You didn’t leave it on Periss’ grave?”
The Wall Lord stopped. He stared at Navine and felt a familiar headache coming on. She looked at him.
“Or was it Shivertail’s? You can’t do that, Ilvriss. Those rings need to stay with the family.”
She raised her own. He bit his tongue.
“I left it on no one’s grave.”
Her brows rose even higher.
“Really? Then you gave it to someone. Female?”
“Does it matter? It was my decision.”
He tried to step around her. Navine stepped over to block him.
“It matters because if you gave it away to some Drake, Gnoll, Human, or whomever you just met because you were trying to forget Periss, I’ll throw you off the tower myself. To stop father from doing it and straining his back. She deserved better.”
Ilvriss’ head jerked around. He stepped towards Navine and poked a claw at her chest.
“Don’t you dare insinuate that I would do that—”
“You didn’t care enough to marry her. Or keep her from getting killed! It was a skirmish between armies, Ilvriss! Who got her? Shivertail? I can’t believe he’d kill her in battle. She’d surrender! The Goblin Lord?”
“Yes. It was an accident. It has nothing—I gave the ring to someone I met. Someone worthy of trust. Not marriage.”
The Drake bristled at his sister. Navine stared at him. There was an accusatory look she always wore around him. And a familiar glower on his face. He tried to force it away.
“Mother would like to see you. I know father wanders in from time to time, but mother would like you to call instead of having to do it herself. You should visit her. You stopped by once when you came back.”
Abruptly, Navine changed the subject. Ilvriss blinked and growled, but she was right. She loved being right.
“I have to visit Alrric today—”
“Then do it after you visit mother. Business can wait.”
Navine pointed to the door. Ilvriss ground his teeth, but he followed her with bad grace.
The reason why it was harder for him to visit his mother at least, not as simple as walking upstairs—was that Helessia Gemscale lived in another tower. It saved her from constantly running into Zail, and that was for the best these days. Navine lived in the same home with her staff, and the two nobles made their way through the entrance in dire silence.
“Mother, Ilvriss has finally decided to come calling. Do you have time to see him?”
Navine called out as she pushed the door open to Helessia’s room. Ilvriss waited until Navine beckoned, and entered the room.
Helessia was sitting upright in her bed, tended to by a Gnoll [Healer]. The old Drake’s bed was a thing of magic—and that wasn’t just hyperbole. To reduce the aches on her bones, it had been fashioned of the softest materials available and could perform any number of functions. Including float. Ilvriss paused as the curtains were moved back by Navine.
“Mother.”
He nodded to the old Drake peering up at him. Not without fondness. But he was prepared for a scolding and got it.
“Ilvriss. Where is your ring?”
“He says he gave it to someone trustworthy. Female.”
Navine interjected. Ilvriss glared at her.
“I think this is a private conversation, don’t you?”
“Not at all. But go on.”
