6.50 I
Page 11
And Tasilt? Ilvriss paused another moment, regarding his old friend. He was unlike Brilm, who was always on the cutting edge of the latest ‘thing’. And if Brilm was a traditionalist, even painfully so when it came to how he employed Gnolls, Tasilt was his opposite.
Everything the Drake did was new. Experimental. Three quarters of his enterprises tended to fail, but the remaining quarter made up for his failures. Everything from trying to use water to blast holes in mines to how he had married.
He was the only Wall Lord—or Lady—in forty six years to have married a non-Drake. And only one of eight in as many centuries. By now, it had been…what, seventeen years? Ilvriss felt it was only yesterday that Tasilt had been rowing with his friends and father about the very idea of marrying his Gnoll wife, Rhelika. And Ilvriss remembered vividly the way he’d acted back then.
It was the only time Tasilt had ever hit Ilvriss. Now of course, that day was over a decade past and Ilvriss and Tasilt were old friends who’d gotten back together for a night of relaxation after his long absence.
Ilvriss thought more of moments like that these days. And he looked at Tasilt differently. Of course, he’d never been Brilm, who still held Tasilt at a reserve, but Ilvriss had always regarded Tasilt’s decision as…odd. Now, though? Ilvriss wondered how difficult it had been for Rhelika. And he had never considered that before. Not once. But if it was difficult for a…Human, living just outside a Drake city. If a Goblin could be an adventurer—
Ilvriss shook his head. He looked at everything differently than when he’d left, come to that. It felt like the world hadn’t changed. But he had. And it was an uncomfortable feeling. Things that had mattered in the past didn’t now. While other things mattered more.
After a moment, the Drake cleared his throat. Ilvriss’ purples scales stood out next to Tasilt’s fair green mixed with brown.
“How are the children, Tasilt? I didn’t have the opportunity to ask.”
The other Wall Lord looked up, deeply surprised. He paused, and Ilvriss noticed Tasilt’s eyes flicking to his face for a moment. Tasilt visibly sobered a bit and replied, smiling a bit and staring over the balcony.
“What, the twins? Just grand. You’d never know they were different species. Both of them run about on all fours. Cecilla’s normal—she’s in her hoarding phase. We’re working with her on that. Not a problem there.”
“Ah, of course. And…is it Feldir?”
“It is.”
Tasilt heaved a sigh. He glanced at Ilvriss again, and then leaned over the balcony. And this time his voice was lower. Genuine concern flickered through his eyes.
“He’s unruly—you know? Won’t listen, always disappearing—and I have to watch that he doesn’t take anything from home! You know, the other day I found out he’d taken a Potion of Greater Invisibility out of our family vaults?”
“Really? And he used it?”
Ilvriss looked greatly concerned. Wall Lords had their inheritances of old. Some had squandered it of course, but Tasilt and Ilvriss’ families both possessed some treasures, even if the majority of it was just the wealth they owned. Tasilt was the one with legitimate heirlooms in his family, and that potion was one of them. Tasilt nodded.
“Just like that! I had to tell the guards not to let him in! And the damn potion. You know how he used it? Well, let’s just say Tielma was not happy about where she found her daughter, her daughter’s friends, Feldir, and half a dozen of his mates. I can’t imagine how it must have been. Obviously she saw nothing, but the sounds…”
