6.50 I
Page 26
Grinding his teeth, Ilvriss leaned forwards. Helessia caught him and kissed him. And he brushed his lips against her cheek.
“You do make me worry, Ilvriss. All that time in Liscor with the Goblin Lord. And then Shivertail’s death. And the Human army. It was a wretched mess.”
“I know, Mother. But as I told you, some of it was unavoidable. But for Shivertail…the rest went as well as I could have hoped.”
His sister snorted softly behind him. Helessia gave her a warning look.
“Tell me about the ring.”
“I gave it to someone I could trust, mother. I don’t wish to say more. You know the rings aren’t crucial.”
Helessia smiled quietly. Sickness had left her thin and pale, despite the [Healer]’s best efforts, but she was still the beauty Ilvriss remembered.
“No. Not crucial. But I would have never thought you would have given it to anyone but Periss. We didn’t discuss it when you visited.”
“I would prefer not to.”
Ilvriss avoided her gaze. Helessia sighed.
“If you insist. But then, tell me what else you are up to? You’ve been enjoying yourself. But I know that look.”
“What look?”
“Ilvriss…”
The Wall Lord sighed. He didn’t want to bring this up now. But Helessia would find out through Navine if Ilvriss had his way, and it would distract her from…Periss. So he told her.
“I’m planning to create a force to oppose the Antinium. A proper organization. Arms, equipment, individuals—Named Adventurers and notable figures from all the cities—”
“What?”
Navine exclaimed. Helessia just frowned.
“Is that necessary? It’s been quiet, Ilvriss. We’ve made so many precautions.”
“I have been to Liscor, mother. They live with the Antinium. I saw Klbkch the Slayer myself. And Xrn. They are plotting something.”
It was the truth. Helessia inhaled and Ilvriss wished he hadn’t said it. He went on, choosing his words carefully, framing an argument anyone could accept.
“The force is necessary. Zel Shivertail’s death has left a hole in our ranks. It’s not enough to trust to our best individuals to rise up in times of crisis. Look at Thrissiam Blackwing, Garusa Weatherfur. Fine [Generals]. If they’d had a few more elite units supporting them, or one or two notable figures, they might have defeated the Goblin Lord themselves. We need organization. Not just against the Antinium. The Human’s aggression as well.”
“So a private army. You want to make one that can beat Humans and Antinium? That sounds like you’re preparing for an attack.”
Navine’s voice was sharp. Ilvriss looked up and glared at her.
“I’m prepared to be attacked. Unless you think the Humans weren’t prepared to take Liscor, Navine?”
“Some of them. Some of them didn’t.”
“And the ones who did are the ones I’m concerned about. I’m not here to argue with you, Navine. I’ll put it before our peers. I’m worried about the Antinium in any case.”
Ilvriss turned back to Helessia. His mother sighed.
“Schemes. Always schemes. You are your father’s son, Ilvriss. You’ve been gone back not one week. Tell me. Have you visited Periss’ grave?”
Ilvriss paused.
“I didn’t know one was made. I—we never recovered her body.”
“We held a funeral. You may find her cenotaph in the Gemscale mausoleum.”
The Wall Lord paused.
“You buried her there?”
“Privately. Yes. Do you disagree?”
“No. I…I will try to find the time to visit. But I am busy.”
The Wall Lord half-rose, distracted. Navine’s voice was bitter.
“Did you even shed a tear for her?”
“Navine!”
Helessia turned her head. Navine looked away. But both Drakes were looking at Ilvriss. If he was like his father…Ilvriss was dry-eyed now. He paused, and then straightened.
