6.50 I
Page 0

Erin Solstice’s inn was now an establishment. Not just a curio, an attraction, or simply a locus of unusual events. It was a home, a gathering spot. A place that people had made their habit to visit, for food, entertainment, and in that way, it became part of their lives. Like a local diner, or a library, or park, The Wandering Inn’s worth had taken on a value you couldn’t sum up in an arbitrary number.
Well, you could if you were paying taxes. Erin sat in her inn the next morning, feeling a bit grouchy. She’d paid the taxes. Since it wasn’t a small amount, the friendly tax-Drake, Geillsten, had even arranged for two ordinary [Guards] to pick the gold up in a bag of holding. And how polite they’d been, too!
She’d paid. But Erin had not had a good yesterday of it. First, Lyonette had scolded her for ten minutes and then gone off to see if she could renegotiate the terms. After all, it wasn’t fair! You couldn’t tax someone for before they were a citizen, right?
Well, the [Princess] had found out that you could and Liscor would do just that. Geillsten had referred her to the Council’s notes, which had pointed out that Erin had received the City Watch’s help on numerous occasions—an officer had even died protecting Erin’s inn. Klbkch.
Never mind the fact he had come back or that he and Relc had been helping her as friends. The fact was that Erin’s inn had benefited from the City Watch patrolling around Liscor to remove the majority of monster threats, the healing potion Klbkch had given her that was City Watch equipment, and the numerous occasions the City Watch had helped resolve crises threatening Erin’s inn.
“And to be clear, Miss Lyonette, the Council’s position on this is that a tax should be paid. And they have allowed Miss Solstice to claim a number of discounts, including a sizable one for aiding in the negotiations with Esthelm.”
And that was that. Lyonette had glumly returned to the inn empty-handed. Because, when you got down to it, Liscor’s new democracy only extended to electing the Council. In their seat of authority, the Council could enact whichever laws they pleased.
“It’s like a monarchy. Only, [Kings] are often balanced by a lot of forces. Their advisors, the nobility, public unrest—but some of them can simply order someone to be jailed or someone to pay more taxes. It’s all about having the right kind of power, Mrsha. Knowing how to use it and incur the least amount of pushback or mitigating it.”
Lyonette had balanced Mrsha on one knee as she explained why Erin was counting gold coins. The [Innkeeper] wasn’t sure that was a suitable lesson for Mrsha, but she didn’t have much to say. So she’d paid up the next day and now she glumly regarded the contents of her safe.
It was still quite a bit. But Lyonette’s not-quite-a-glare as she put out today’s breakfast for the inn’s morning crowd told Erin it wasn’t good.
“We’ve still got enough to pay the staff and buy food and stuff! Plenty! We could go for like, a month on this alone!”
Erin weakly pointed at the coins with a smile. Lyonette pursed her lips. As she passed by with a huge, fluffy roll of bread and a bread knife, she pointedly looked at four table’s worth of Antinium Soldiers and Workers.
“That money was supposed to be used for refurbishing the inn, Erin. I’ll have to talk with Klbkch about delaying the first payments. And I’ll need you to make more ice cream. That’s one of our best sellers. In those…”
“Cones. They’re good, right?”
