6.50 I
Page 6
“I also spend altogether too much time in such establishments as it is. I work at Wishdrink’s, if you didn’t know. I also work as a [Host] and if you’d like to offer me competitive rates at your inn…”
“Uh—[Host]? And [Negotiator]? I didn’t know Liscor had either. Well, we can talk about it. I mean, we’ll be travelling for a day, right? Hey, we can take the magic door to Esthelm in back! We could even let the other people take it there! Lyonette, where are the extra mana stones? Or maybe I should go with you. To set it up properly.”
And to avoid making ice cream for four hours. Teliv blinked, but he let Erin lead him to the door and explain how it worked.
“I’d heard about this, Miss Solstice. Teleportation magic. Er, it’s completely safe?”
“Yeah, probably. Why?”
“No reason, no reason! It’s just that I’m familiar with Fissival’s network and ah, well, I suppose it would help. Not to mention, a door would definitely improve our negotiations! Bring it or those little stones, by all means! But please, Miss Solstice, the Council has asked me to tell you that this is a sensitive mission. Your presence is necessary due to the goodwill Esthelm’s people feel towards you, but I would appreciate it if you left the bargaining to me.”
Teliv eyed Erin. She put her hands on her hips, a bit miffed.
“So I’m just there as, what, entertainment? Goodwill? Krshia’s got a lotta nerve telling me to do this and do that! All the power’s gotten to her head! Or Lism has! Power corrupts! Anyways, if I’m so unpredictable and you’re so afraid of death, why are you going with me to Esthelm?”
The Drake sighed again.
“Duty calls, Miss Solstice. And to be fair, being paid to stick my tail into danger is quite different from seeking it out. Now, I’m sure we’ll have plenty of time to debate the Council and all manner of interesting topics on the road! But let’s keep things in order. I’d like to be on the road in twenty minutes just so we can stay with the wagons.”
He was brisk, for all he laid on the likeability! Erin nodded, waving at Lyonette who was bringing the extra mana stones over.
“Okay. I guess we can make a door at Esthelm to get back. So…I’ve got my knife, um—I’ll get a healing potion or two? Anything else I should bring?”
“Not much to defend yourself, I should think. It’s not far and we won’t be passing through any unpredictable wilderness. But if you have anything that would smooth our introduction to Esthelm—well, I was saving this for the road, but let me brief you on the mission.”
Teliv walked with Erin as she went into the kitchen, and then he was speaking rapidly, in a business-like tone that did remind Erin of Olesm a bit.
“Esthelm’s hit a poor patch of late. Of course, you helped repair their walls, but the city’s population was decimated. They’re poor, to put it frankly, and not a little traumatized from the Goblin Lord’s attack. A delicate touch is needed, hence our gift of dried fish from the spring’s harvest and your presence. Even so, I would appreciate it if you didn’t…do anything too extreme. Unless it helps the cause. And refraining from mentioning that Liscor is positively swimming with Gold-rank adventurers and so on might help. We are just two cities on the border trying to help each other, not a rich city looking down on a poor one.”
“Got it.”
Erin nodded as she rummaged through her cupboards. She thought for a second and then found her special wing of the pantry marked ‘NOT FOR COOKING’ in huge letters.
