6.50 I
Page 1
Lyonette sighed. But she nodded. Erin’s latest little innovation had been recreating the hard-batter cones that made ice cream a thousand times better than eating them in bowls. Plus you could walk around with them!
“I’ll need as much as you can make. Ishkr will buy the ingredients if you need more. No buts! You’re in the kitchen at least for three hours! Then you can go to Pallass.”
“But—”
Lyonette glared. Erin weakly smiled.
“But Lyonette, I have to go to Esthelm today! You know, to negotiate and stuff?”
The [Princess]’s brows crossed.
“Today?”
“Yup. For the discount?”
The [Innkeeper] watched as Lyonette tossed the fresh loaf of the bread on the table in disgust. Lyonette ground her teeth, and then nodded.
“Fine, I’ll get Ishkr to make the ice cream and have—how long will you be?”
“Um…”
At another table, the Horns of Hammerad were eating. Pisces, Ceria, Ksmvr, and Yvlon were having a rather nice meal of cereal grains flavored with a bit of sugar. Just a bit; the days of cheap honey were gone with the Ashfire Bee nest, which Ceria deeply regretted. Still—the food was really good. She noticed Ksmvr bouncing in his seat and watching Erin and Lyonette.
“What’s wrong, Ksmvr?”
“I am waiting for my sustenance, Captain Ceria.”
The half-Elf eyed Ksmvr. He alone wasn’t eating cereal.
“What, the bread? Is that all you’re eating for breakfast?”
The Antinium paused.
“Is that a bad thing?”
“Um…”
Ceria had no idea. She suspected it was, but Ksmvr couldn’t get enough of gluten after discovering the Amulet of Food Poison Resistance or whatever it was. It turned out lots of Antinium liked gluten—they were just hugely intolerant to it.
“Just eat your bugs for dinner or something.”
The [Ice Mage] finished lamely. She heard a snort, but Yvlon and Pisces’ faces were completely neutral when she looked over. After a moment, Yvlon glanced over.
“You might have to go and get the bread yourself, Ksmvr. Lyonette’s not looking too happy.”
“I will acquire my breakfast now, then, Yvlon. I must not be the weakest link. Miss Erin has informed me of the perils of being one.”
Ksmvr got up. Ceria blinked for a few seconds, and then decided it wasn’t worth commenting on. She looked at the rest of her team, and then at the diners the next table over.
“Hey, Bevussa, what’s your team doing today? You interested in the new missions being offered by Liscor’s Council?”
The Garuda sitting at the next table with her team looked up. She was having breakfast at the inn. Some of her team looked a bit annoyed at the question;  Ceria was still Silver-rank. But Bevussa just smiled and shrugged.
“It’s interesting. They want to chew a regular trade route towards Pallass? It’s been tried before.”
“Really?”
Ceria frowned. Among the latest developments in Liscor, the decision to build a trade route to Pallass had been of most interest to her team. Bevussa nodded.
“Liscor had one, I think. Before the second Antinium War. Then—you know, the Necromancer—the city lost a lot of outlying villages in the Floodplains and trade stopped with the Antinium Hive. Not that it was doing well after the First Antinium War…”
“Wars tend to do that.”
One of the other Oldblood Drakes offered helpfully. Bevussa stared at him.
“Yeah. I guess they do, Zassil. Imagine that?”
“I’m just saying. Wars. Bad for the economy.”
“We get it, Zassil. That was Bevussa being sarcastic. This is me being mad.”
Issa, another Drake, snapped. Zassil looked hurt. Ceria bit her lip to keep from laughing.
“I’m just trying to contribute to the conversation.”
