6.50 I
Page 17
“I didn’t think he would die. I thought he would live.”
Ilvriss gritted his teeth. Zail shook his head.
“I don’t believe you. Tell me. Say it. Swear it.”
He twisted a ring. Truth spell. Ilvriss gritted his teeth. He was angry. Zail could rally that emotion in him. The two Drakes stalked each other in a slow circle, tails lashing the carpet. Ilvriss’ voice was low.
“I am a Lord of the Wall and a son of Salazsar. The walls of my city be my oath; my loyalty has never wavered! For Salazsar, I would bleed every drop of my blood dry! The walls stand!”
The stone glowed blue. Zail saw its light. Slowly, he relaxed. His voice echoed Ilvriss’, a shout.
“The walls stand! Forevermore.”
Then it was done. He slowly relaxed and looked around. He noticed the platter and wandered over to it.
“Breakfast. Hm. Looks good. Proper meat, not what they feed me up there. Damn [Healers] and their prescribed nonsense.”
He began plucking bits of meat off the tray. Ilvriss sighed. Wall Lord Zail loved testing him.
“Father. The [Healers] recommend their diet for your health.”
“Hah! They want me to live forever.”
“Yes. And?”
Zail glanced back at his son and shook his head. He chewed as Ilvriss rubbed at his temples. He was going to be late for his meeting. He was looking at the door when Zail spoke up.
“Ilvriss. When will you bring a wife worthy of our line? There must be one, in all the cities.”
Ilvriss froze. He turned, his hand on the door to the study. And he wavered. But the truth stone was still shining on Zail’s claw. So he turned. And his back was straight. He looked past Zail, at the rising sun.
“There was, father. But I couldn’t even bury her.”
Wall Lord Zail stopped chewing. His head rose. He looked back at Ilvriss. And his expression changed.
“Did you avenge her?”
“Not yet.”
Ilvriss strode out of the room. He nodded to Salisa, waved away the apologies of Zail’s minders.
“Get me Captain Shieldscale.”
He strode towards his personal study, leaving his father behind. The sound stone went into Ilvriss’ bag of holding. He had work to do.
 
—-
 
“Captain Asrira Shieldscale reporting, Wall Lord Ilvriss!”
The Drake with bright, almost unnaturally blue scales stopped in the center of Ilvriss’ study and saluted. The Wall Lord glanced up from the piece of paper he was writing on.
“Salisa, we’re not to be disturbed. Even by my father.”
“Yes, Wall Lord.”
The Drake [Housekeeper] nodded and shut the door. Ilvriss stood up.
“Lock it, Captain Shieldscale. Magical lock on the top.”
The Drake did so. She was an Oldblood Drake, a True Oldblood. That meant she could fly and spit acid. She locked the door, turning the key in the lock. And then the second key in the glowing lock. She heard a faint buzz of sound, just below the level of hearing.
“We’re secure, sir.”
“Good. Take a seat, Captain Blackwing.”
The Drake turned. And Asrira Shieldscale was suddenly Osthia Blackwing, [Captain] in service to Pallass’ army. Niece of the late Thrissiam Blackwing, famed [General] of Pallass. She had yellow scales underneath the dye Ilvriss had provided her. And she had been captive of the Goblin Lord, Reiss, before escaping during the hour of his death. She sat down in the chair and Wall Lord Ilvriss sat opposite her.
“I trust you’ve acclimated to Salazsar, Captain Osthia?”
“Yes, Wall Lord. It’s been exceedingly pleasant. I have nothing to want for here. I’m equally gratified for the lodgings in your personal estate.”
