6.50 I
Page 7
“In that case, maybe I should bring some acid jars along. To give to them. And some chess sets? Everyone likes chess! And I should have made a third batch of cookies! Oh well. Here’s the jars…darn, I really should have a bag of holding for stuff like this! But it’s expensive, or so Selys says! What if I borrowed hers? Hey, Teliv, hold these?”
The Drake found himself holding two glass jars of green liquid. He stared at them and then recalled one of his notes on Erin Solstice. Gingerly, he backed out of the kitchen and put the jars on a table. He caught Lyonette pulling Mrsha well clear of the jars.
“Don’t let her drop those anywhere near you.”
The [Princess] pointed at the acid jars. Teliv shuddered as Erin came out with two more. To her credit, she was holding them very carefully herself.
“Maybe refrain from displays of wealth, Miss Solstice? We’ll stow your jars on the wagons without the bag of holding. Far from us.”
Erin nodded. She placed the jars on the table and looked around. Anything else? Nothing off the top of her head. Besides, she was just helping out. Then she studied her dress. She took her apron off after a second’s thought and regarded her attire.
“Huh. Okay. I’m not dressed too badly. But—oh! Should I take my ring off?”
“What ring?”
Lyonette, keeping Mrsha back from the acid jars, looked up. Teliv, Pisces, still at his table, and even Mrsha and Numbtongue looked around. Erin waved her right hand.
“This—”
Erin went to point to the ring on her finger. The golden ring that Ilvriss had given her. Then she realized what she was doing and hesitated, but it was too late.
“—ring. I wear it sometimes. It’s cool, huh?”
Lamely, she twisted it a bit so the golden letters weren’t visible. Lyonette frowned as she walked over. She stared at the ring on Erin’s finger, mystified.
“I have never seen you wear that ring in my life, Erin.”
“What? No, I wore it yesterday.”
Erin protested, blinking at Lyonette. The [Princess] raised her brows.
“Oh? Well, maybe. I must have forgotten it. Where’d you get it? You could buy something far nicer at the marketplace. That’s sort of…”
She looked around, hesitating, then went for it.
“Plain?”
Erin frowned, hurt. And then she really frowned as she stared at the ring on her finger.
“What? I mean, it’s not full of jewels, but it is gold, right?”
Lyonette stared at the ring.
“That’s not gold, Erin.”
This time the [Innkeeper] really hesitated. She frowned at Lyonette, expecting a joke, but Lyonette didn’t do jokes that much. Slowly, Erin regarded the ring that bore the single word, ‘Salazsar’, on it. And on a hunch, she interjected a bit of incredulity into her voice.
“It’s not golden to you?”
Lyonette raised her eyebrows, surprised. She looked at the ring and shook her head. Mrsha did the same. Erin showed the ring to Teliv and he shrugged.
“Doesn’t look like gold to me, but I’m no expert.”
“I am. Show me.”
Pisces leaned over and narrowed his eyes as Erin took the ring off her ringer. He stared at Ilvriss’ ring in Erin’s palm dismissively for a second and shook his head.
“Copper.”
Lyonette nodded, agreeing with a sigh.
“Polished well. Erin, you know what gold coins look like. You didn’t pay for it as if it were gold, did you? Never mind, I don’t want to know. If you like it’s that’s great.”
Erin looked at her. Then at the plain, copper ring on her hand. She put it on and stared again. Then she looked up with a guileless smile that was in fact, full of guile. But well-hidden.
“Oh. Well, right. I wear it sometimes. Don’t be jerks about it! I like copper.”
