6.50 I
Page 4
“No problem! You could actually make them yourself, you know. Gonna share them with a certain, uh…Maughin?”
The Selphid blushed in an interesting way. Her cheeks stayed pale, but a lattice of what Ceria took to be her actual form appeared under the pale scales, faintly orange. It was even more distinctive when she wore a Human’s body. She waved a claw awkwardly.
“I don’t want to mess it up. Besides, I don’t even have [Basic Cooking]. I mean, I know I don’t need it, but I can’t make everything perfectly. And—dead hands, you know? Well, claws today.”
She was still a bit orange. Erin nodded, noticing how nervous the normally-cheerful Selphid was. She edged over with Jelaqua towards the magic door. It was currently open to Celum and you could see Octavia’s shop inside. Octavia too; the [Alchemist] had had a quick breakfast but she was working on something. She still glanced occasionally back towards Erin’s inn every now and then.
“So, what’re the cookies for? A date today?”
Erin teased Jelaqua, smiling. The Selphid hesitated.
“Well, nothing grand. But Maughin’s not working, so he invited me to visit some of Pallass’ attractions. They have this amazing display of these…interlockers is what they call them, I think. The things they use to make the elevators? Maughin’s made some parts, so the [Engineers] invited him for a new display.”
“Ooh! Sounds cool. I should visit Pallass more often myself. There’s so much I haven’t seen! I bet you’ve got lots to do, right? Have you visited Pallass before?”
“Oh, yeah. Nine years back? When the Halfseekers worked in the south. But…well, there’s not as much for a Selphid to do. Massages, bathhouses—no real good. I can adjust my body myself, and I need a really fresh one to enjoy a massage. And it creeps out anyone who’s not used to Selphids. And bathhouses? I’m just glad there’s other stuff to do.”
Jelaqua shook her head. Erin studied her.
“You’ve gone on a lotta dates. I think you’re serious about this.”
The Selphid squirmed.
“I am. At least, it’s been the first time in like, eight years since I met anyone I hit it off with this well. Hey, Erin. Between us. Maughin and me. Do you…think it’s a good fit?”
Erin took the question seriously. She nodded.
“I think he likes you. Maybe even more than hitting things with a hammer. And I think you’ll be fine. He likes you. And you like him. And you know that he likes you. And he knows that you like him. And you know that he knows that you know that…well, it’s good! Don’t worry! I’m sure he’ll like the cookies.”
The Selphid smiled at Erin, relieved.
“Thanks, Erin. You’re the best! Okay, I’m off! Mind changing the door…?”
“Oh, sure. Octavia! Just letting Jelaqua through to Pallass! Say, are you on the list? Hey guys! Jelaqua’s not on the list! Sorry!”
The door opened and closed after Erin argued with the Drakes on the other side for a bit. The rest of the inn’s breakfasters began finishing up. Ceria got up with a sigh.
“Time to head to Celum. Let’s talk to Crossbow Stan first. He’ll listen to us most. Yvlon and I will do the talking, Ksmvr. No asserting dominance.”
“I shall be meekly subordinate, Captain.”
“And I will study. I have been far too remiss as it is in keeping up my magical practice.”
The [Necromancer] sitting at the table didn’t move as Yvlon got up. Ceria snapped at him.
“Pisces!”
He just looked up and raised his brows sardonically.
“My presence is surely not needed negotiating with Celum’s adventuring teams, is it? In fact, I would consider it a hindrance. Wouldn’t you, oh glorious Captain?”
