6.51 A
Page 23
Az’kerash absently cracked an egg when it reappeared. He stared into the bowel, as the water sat on top of flour and the egg’s yolk mixed with all of it. Bea made a face.
“Ew. Is that cooking?”
“Maybe it turns into something. Like Oom and mana cores.”
The Necromancer ignored them. He absently reached out, plucked a wand out of his bag of holding. Stared at it. He cast the wand aside and created a whisk made out of air. Better. He began stirring it.
The flour congealed with the water as it mixed. Bea, who was a zombie engineered from plague, stared at the mixing substances with undisguised horror. Venitra stared at the bowl, appalled. Kerash just blinked.
“Ew, ew, ew…”
“Bea, hush.”
Az’kerash stared at the dough. It had to rise. No—you could bake it as it was, he recalled. He raised one hand. The dough rose upwards. The pizza looked like—
The dough moved. It shaped itself, into an approximation of the bowl. Az’kerash paused. Cheese? He stared at a wheel.
“Kerash, slice it. Into small pieces.”
The Gnoll drew his sword, one of the six Baneblades made to slay the living. He chopped up the cheese. Az’kerash poured it into the bowl. Next came the tomatoes. Venitra raised one fist. He eyed her, pointed. The tomato pulped in midair, poured on top of the cheese. Venitra lowered her fist, dejected.
“Is that it?”
Az’kerash mused. He couldn’t help but feel that it had been different. Ah, the [Chefs] of Terandria courts didn’t work so. But he was out of touch. Out of his field. Absently, the [Necromancer] clicked his fingers.
“Let’s see. [Flame Jet]?”
A blast of fire shot from his hands, struck the ceiling, and turned the room to fire. Bea and Kerash fled. Az’kerash narrowed his eyes, adjusted the heat. He turned to Venitra and gestured absently.
“Venitra, close the door.”
Joyfully, the bone woman did. The kitchen, now an oven, smoldered, and Az’kerash, still holding the pie in his free hand, watched it bake.
“Clearly a flawed attempt.”
That was his remark afterwards. The crust, in the searing heat, had browned. It was too thin, and lacked yeast. The tomato sauce wasn’t actually a sauce with the nuance Erin had made, but just…pulpy tomatoes. The cheese was okay, but the deep dish pizza was too hot. The Necromancer pointed.
“[Deep Freeze].”
It turned to ice. He tapped it again.
“[Warming Touch].”
There. The pizza was steaming. Az’kerash placed it on the counter as Bea and Kerash peeked back in. Venitra stared at her master. He regarded it. Inspected it. Sliced a piece away. Raised it to his lips. And took a bite.
“Master?”
His Chosen gaped at him. Az’kerash frowned, chewed, swallowed. He considered the food for a moment.
“Crude. Even were it made correctly. The nobility of Terandria would not stand for it if they knew how simple it was. But if I were…”
He lapsed into thought. And Perril Chandler remembered a boy who might have loved the taste of this dish. He stared at the pizza, and then at the image of Pisces eating, stealing the last bit of pizza from Mrsha. He looked at the burnt, ill-made version in front of him. And he turned away.
His Chosen watched the Necromancer leave the kitchen. They stared at each other, full of wild surmise. They could guess their master’s will most times, at least in part, but this? They stared at the pizza, and the single bite taken out of the slice. After a moment, Kerash reached for a piece.
