6.51 A
Page 21
The Drake was on duty, and she’d been carrying a platter of food to the table of the inn’s staff. Mrsha, bouncing at the table, looked up in dismay. But Pisces raised a finger and the strange pile of food stopped in midair.
“Drassi, are you alright? Good catch, Pisces!”
Lyonette got up and slipped towards Drassi with Ishkr and a Gnoll. They all nearly fell over as Drassi tried to get up.
“It’s the floor, Lyonette! It’s too slippery!”
“I know, I know. Octavia warned me, but I must have not added enough water! We’ll fix it.”
“We’ve washed it with water and it won’t stop slipping.”
Ishkr pointed out as Pisces made his way over to the table. Az’kerash scurried the rat closer. What was this? The aforementioned pizza?
It did not look like any dish he recognized. Nor, as Pisces pointed out, did it look like a pizza. Mrsha sniffed it suspiciously. It was much too tall, more like a pie than a pizza! And it had…sauce on top? Mrsha stared at Lyonette as she returned to the table. What was this trickery, she signed indignantly? She had been promised pizza!
“It is pizza, Mrsha dear. According to Erin. It’s…deep dish pizza. And I’m told it’s quite fattening, so you’ll eat greens tonight. Don’t give me that look! Drassi, pass me the knife.”
Lyonette scolded Mrsha gently as she served a slice. Pisces, Mrsha, the staff, and Az’kerash all saw the knife bite into the crust and thick pizza and reveal a cheesy filling and a thick base. Mrsha’s eyes lit up. Pisces just sighed.
“Some days it feels like Miss Solstice is unable to make a dish that contains healthy food.”
“If you don’t want it—”
Lyonette looked up. Pisces waved a hand.
“I’m merely remarking on her general culinary focus. By all means, serve me a…slice.”
He took a plate and fork. Mrsha was already gobbling hers and burning her tongue. Pisces began savoring his meal as Drassi rubbed her back.
“Hey, can I get some to share when I leave, Lyonette?”
“Mm. Sure. Erin can always make more. Let’s eat!”
All of them began to tuck into the meal. Az’kerash, possessing a rat…watched. And he frowned. A bit of curiosity rose in him. That had to taste…taste?
“Pizza?”
“What, master?”
The Chosen were watching him. Az’kerash rose, absently, as he watched Pisces making small talk with Lyonette, explaining away the sounds from earlier. And he began to walk, past his undead creations who shuffled out of his way.
It was just a whim. But Az’kerash was concentrated, his thoughts all revolving around this moment. He was in the moment, recalling his past as an Archmage. And he had never seen a food like that before.
The [Necromancer] walked through the halls of his castle, passing by motionless skeletal knights, followed by his Chosen. He paused as he walked through the halls, turned left, then came back the way he’d come. He was looking for a room he hadn’t used since he bought this castle from a certain [Witch]. She’d thrown it in with a deal on the robes he wore. And he had never thought he’d need this room.
But the kitchen did exist. And it was full of dust. Not spiders or any animals; they stayed away. Az’kerash blinked at it. And then he raised his hand.
“[Gust of Wind].”
His Chosen, following him, found themselves encased in a miniature tornado of dust and debris. They walked through it, and peeked around the corner to see Az’kerash standing in the center of the kitchen. They looked at each other. But now was the time.
Bea was the one to speak. Even if she wasn’t first of Az’kerash’s chosen, like Kerash, she often got away with infractions Venitra, Kerash, Ijvani, and Oom did not.
“…Master? What are you doing?”
