6.51 A
Page 17
Az’kerash frowned. But not one he intended to spend too much time on. He had already assisted the young mage with making Bone Horrors, and provided him with a book on necromancy. Indeed, Az’kerash had been quite generous, giving Pisces examples of his own creations. The [Necromancer] was specialized in bone-type undead, which was more difficult than simply reanimating bodies. However…
“What is that design, young Necromancer?”
The rat turned to the skeleton standing in the center of the room. It was similar to a basic skeleton soldier, but horribly, terribly flawed. The ribcage had been redesigned, creating some kind of…Az’kerash peered at it, but the mouse didn’t have a good view.
“I gave you the designs of a more functional skeletal soldier. That is an alteration of my work.”
His voice was ominous. Pisces hesitated and licked his lips, but he did reply.
“Yes, Archmage. However—I was experimenting with the structure of your skeletal soldier. Of course, I mastered the basic form at once! However, in your absence, I considered modifying the central structure to create a projectile weapon of sorts…”
He was referring to the elongated limbs, and the reinforced structure of the spell bindings. It made basic skeletons that bit more deadly at little cost. Az’kerash stared at the ribcage.
“You spent three weeks attempting to redefine a bone structure I personally designed? One without flaw?”
Ridiculous. It was a foolish design as well, weakening the existing integrity of the ribs, which were in themselves a fairly effective design! And a projectile weapon? Pisces defended himself, and a bit of haughtiness leaked into his tone.
“Archmage, I believed it was worth the effort. You see, I had the thought that a skeleton might well surprise an enemy with a crossbow-like weapon, only built into the creature—”
He was interrupted by a sound from the rat. Az’kerash waved a hand in irritation, much to the surprise of his Chosen, who were only watching his side of the conversation. He spoke out loud, the rat copying his words.
“Ridiculous. There is no elasticity without sinew of some kind. I might applaud your ingenuity—I myself have considered such designs, albeit with spell and sinew—but with bone? You fail to understand what any novice [Engineer] would. The standards of [Necromancers] have fallen if you do not understand the basic principle of how crossbows work.”
Pisces flushed beet red at the criticism, and he hunched his shoulders. But he still talked back.
“Archmage Az’kerash, I believe I have completed such a mechanism.”
“Impossible.”
The Necromancer’s voice was dismissive. He watched as Pisces hurried over to his skeleton. The young man angled the skeleton’s chest cavity just to the left of the undead rat controlled by Az’kerash.
“You see, there is a small bolt inside.”
But it wasn’t going to fire. There was no tension. No string that could hold the force. Az’kerash sighed—
And he heard a snap, a crack, and a shard of bone blew past the undead rat’s head and shattered on the far wall.
From below, Lyonette looked upstairs and shook her head as Mrsha and her Gnoll staff looked at her.
“Just Pisces. If he breaks a window or damages a wall, the Horns will pay for it. Keep going.”
Inside the room, the Necromancer stared at the bits of bone on the floor. Then he looked up. Pisces was desperately trying to suppress a smirk. Az’kerash paused. More of his thoughts focused in.
“Remove the skeleton’s protective armor on one side of the body and turn it to face me.”
Pisces did, bones floating away and Az’kerash saw. Pisces pointed it out excitedly.
