6.51 A
Page 15
Az’kerash paused. And that was significant. In his unchanging castle, his routine, here was something unique. Something unpredictable. Az’kerash turned his head. And he whispered a word.
“Arise.”
Hundreds of miles away, a skeleton of a rat flickered to life. Green flames burned in the sockets and they beheld a room filled with bones. Az’kerash saw a young man, frustrated, stalking around a crude bone leg. The Necromancer paused. The scene surprised him. Perhaps it was seeing someone else perform necromancy, or the casual way Pisces was doing it.
He hadn’t even barred or locked the door. Someone could walk in and see him. And the window was unshuttered. Az’kerash focused on the vision through the rat’s eyes. His Chosen watched. Bea was speaking.
“Master, there is a contract for the Heartflame Armor if you are interested. An offer has already been put up by…”
She paused as Az’kerash held up one hand. Slowly, the Necromancer’s thoughts focused more heavily, abandoning other pursuits. And something like personality reemerged.
“Is he a fool? Or—no. This inn? [Absorb Recollections].”
He cast the spell on the undead rat. Instantly, Az’kerash’s mind was assailed by sights, sound. No smell, but everything the undead rat had seen or heard in the last three months. It would have overwhelmed Az’kerash if he hadn’t taken steps to enhance his mind. But his mind was already capable of filtering it, experiencing memories and processing them in a heartbeat.
And what he saw was—
“Pisces! Are you playing with your bone again?”
The door slammed open and Pisces nearly leapt out of his robes. He whirled as Erin laughed at him.
“Erin! Please refrain from your humorless jokes!”
The [Innkeeper] laughed. Az’kerash recognized her. And he felt—ire? She’d defeated him at chess. Curiosity—vanishing. Focus on the scene.
“Sorry, sorry! Your bones. And I just wanted to tell you that there’s food below! Hot dogs! Okay, sausage. Say, what’re you making?”
She looked at the undead Bone Horror that the young man was working on, and Az’kerash saw the uneasy expression. But nothing more. Pisces sniffed.
“If you must know, I am redefining the whip-variant of my Bone Horror, improving its capabilities and the length of the arms—”
“Gotcha! Bone stuff! Come down for sausages soon!”
Erin shook her head. Pisces stared as she walked off. He stalked over and slammed the door.
“That vacuous, inconsiderate—”
Memory. This time of a half-Elf, wandering in while munching on a bit of cheese.
“Pisces. Yvlon wants to know if you’ve got her handkerchief.”
Pisces glanced up as he scribbled on a bit of parchment.
“Why would I have her handkerchief?”
“She says you borrowed it. Remember, the nosebleed?”
“I washed it and gave it back.”
“Did you?”
 “Yes.”
“Huh. Hey, Yvlon, Pisces says he gave it back!”
“Then where is it?”
An irate woman wearing armor walked into the room. Az’kerash saw her scowl at Pisces as he sighed and pushed his chair back.
“Perhaps Ksmvr has it?”
“Why would he—”
“Wait, didn’t you lend it to him at breakfast.”
“Oh. Sorry, Pisces.”
The young man rolled his eyes. He pushed himself back from the desk.
“Gratifying as it is to be the first suspect—”
“Oh shut up. You stole my quill for three weeks!”
“—would you tell me how this looks? Aesthetically?”
Yvlon and Ceria stared at the parchment. Az’kerash pieced together another bit of memory from the future. Saw a face-mask made of bone. Both half-Elf and Human recoiled.
“Dead gods, Pisces, that’s horrifying!”
He looked quite pleased.
