6.51 A
Page 19
Az’kerash was almost disbelieving. That young upstart thought—he looked at Pisces’ designs. No, he did assume he could improve on his work! And quality over quantity? Was he implying…
Pisces realized he’d gone too far. He paled, and hastened back to his skeleton, knocking it to pieces and summoning the variety that Az’kerash had shown him.
“Of course, I am a strict student of your wisdom, Archmage! I wouldn’t dream of countermanding your instruction; I only seek to learn as a humble student of your—”
“Silence.”
Pisces paused. Az’kerash looked at him. He was…the Necromancer’s fingers tapped slowly against the armrest of his chair.
“If you believe your designs to be an example of quality over quantity, by all means, continue your efforts to improve them. They have little potential for warfare in my armies. Now, I have insufficient time for instruction this day. I will aide you in your understanding of the fundamental principles of creating undead giants and behemoths. Assuming you are able to understand the concept by the time we next meet.”
He didn’t wait for the flushed Pisces to reply. The Necromancer gestured, and the rat bones collapsed. But he didn’t break the connection. It only seemed to the novice standing in the room that the magic had left the rat. Az’kerash watched Pisces, staring red-faced at the rat and then kick over the skeleton.
“Little potential for warfare? I am not aiming towards war or—or some endless soldiery of mass-produced troops! It’s perfectly viable! And this idiotic book—written by hidebound fossils incapable of new ideas—”
He hurled the tome Az’kerash gave him against the wall. The Necromancer watched, tapping his finger on the armrest. Childish tantrums. Not one shred of dignity about him. And that irksome manner of his, questioning Az’kerash’s designs. You could make an army of undead skeletons with an attachment that fired a single arrow from their arms—you could even make undead who had a small catapult built into one arm like a primitive sling. But what was the point? It was a waste of time.
About to cut the connection, Az’kerash spared a moment to regret his tutelage of Pisces. Part of him wondered if he should simply kill him. The young man was so—so—
And then Az’kerash, the Necromancer, heard the faint tapping sound. He felt it in one finger and stared down. The tapping finger on the armrest stopped. And the Necromancer realized he was…annoyed. It was so surprising he just stared at his finger for a minute.
Annoyed? Him? At being questioned by a single young [Necromancer] less than half his level? Az’kerash blinked. He’d been affronted by the designs, the implication that his undead had, in any way, less elegance or refinement than Pisces was capable of. But that was such an odd statement.
Not to Az’kerash, the Necromancer. He was a master of undeath, and the greatest [Necromancer] living in this world. Even if you put him against the ancient [Necromancers] of old, Az’kerash would have been confident his Skills outclassed those old masters in some areas. But his touchy pride bothered another part of him.
“I would have never taken a student in Wistram to task so. I only took issue with poor students, lazy ones that failed to innovate. Like that upstart Feor.”
Az’kerash stared ahead. Then he looked back through the rat’s eyes. Pisces had stopped throwing things around. Now he was squatting, slapping his forehead and calling himself names for insulting Az’kerash. Every so often he’d glance up at the rat, to make sure it was still inanimate. Az’kerash hesitated. Perhaps…
“Pisces!”
