6.51 A
Page 16
“It’s intended to be. A psychological effect. I intend to mount it on the Bone Horrors when we use them in combat. If I can adjust their faces—”
“Oh no you don’t. I’m not partying with one of those.”
“But the effect—”
“It’s bad enough we have undead attached to our team! Pisces! Can you imagine if someone sees us with that? Besides, who are you scaring? Mossbears?”
“I should imagine [Bandits]—”
The [Necromancer] argued. Ceria kept shaking her head.
“No, and no.”
“I worked for hours on this!”
He snapped at her. Yvlon sighed.
“I’m going to find Ksmvr. Ceria, I leave this to you.”
She wandered out. Az’kerash let the memory flick by. The half-Elf argued with Pisces, he tore up the parchment and she stomped out and then came back with some soft cheese and bread as an apology.
Flicker. Memory. The rat watched as Pisces worked, slept, occasionally as an Antinium entered the inn. But what drew the Necromancer’s attention was the little Gnoll who crept inside to scare Pisces from under the bed, his teammates who opened the door. The [Innkeeper]. None of them were [Necromancers]. But they saw the undead and accepted them.
“Strange.”
That was all Az’kerash said. The sight triggered a memory in him. An old recollection of another time. His past. But—he would have thought necromancy was regarded as abhorrent, at least in Izril and Terandria. Most of the world, now. He had caused that. But this—
Reality came back in a moment. Az’kerash’s thoughts sped back up, alerting him to the present. He saw the young man bowing in front of him. A courtly bow, an imitation of one he might see in a Terandrian court. Az’kerash blinked.
Without subtlety or nuance. A straight courtier’s bow, fluent, but not practiced. Different nations had a more elegant take, but that was perfectly functional. Pisces had seen the undead rat. The Necromancer paused, regarded him. And he spoke.
“Young Necromancer. It has been some time since we have last spoken.”
He saw Pisces raise his head. Az’kerash saw Pisces hesitate, and then reply carefully. Formally.
“I am overjoyed to speak with you, Archmage. And I humbly thank you for the tome. It has been most instructive.”
Az’kerash instructed the rat to swivel its head, taking in the room. He replied softly, absently noting the construction of bones. Piecemeal. The boy was using a piecemeal construction, rather than whole bones. He must lack for a supply, certainly of larger bones. And—he was working on a behemoth-type undead?
Ah, the book Az’kerash had given him. Perfecting Facets of Undeath, by the [Necromancer] Credeth. Pompous, certainly, but excellent in describing fundamental construction techniques. By the looks of it, the young [Necromancer] had failed to grasp the theory so far.
That was disappointing. But mildly so. The boy wasn’t Az’kerash’s apprentice. He was most definitely not in fact. They had an arrangement.
Pisces had encountered Venitra under the guise of Regrika Blackpaw during her disastrous pursuit of Ryoka Griffin. Unhappily, he had known Venitra for what she was and Az’kerash had been forced to intervene. He’d offered Pisces a simple deal: instruction for silence. The alternative would have been death.
This was simpler, for all it carried an inherent risk. But Az’kerash had exacted promises, bound by magic that Pisces could not break. And he had attracted the Necromancer’s attention. After all, Reiss was dead. A failure at the end. But Pisces might be a good replacement. An experiment at the very least.
