6.51 A
Page 18
“You see, Archmage, my design is essentially an inner crossbow built into the torso of the skeleton. Obviously there is space if I miniaturize some elements. The entire bone structure shifts so, and thus creates a hammer effect here…”
“…launching your crude projectile out of the ribcage. That is not a crossbow. But similar in structure. Your terminology is off. But the design…”
Pisces flushed a bit as Az’kerash considered the effect.
“A single shot is all each skeleton would provide. And the design is quite complex. Pointless in an army given the cost to create such a skeleton.”
“Yes, Archmage. However, I have a limited supply of creations I can animate. And I do not create permanent undead.”
That was true. Az’kerash considered the skeleton. It looked ridiculous, frankly. He imagined them trying to aim. They would have to bend backwards to aim upwards, let alone swivel to target something.
“You would sacrifice the integrity of your skeletons for a limited advantage. And this chest-mounted firing mechanism would handicap the skeleton.”
Pisces nodded rapidly. He walked around the skeleton and lifted an arm.
“I am aware of the issues, Archmage. This is my proposed fix for the problem when I understood it. One arm. I am attempting to configure the bones in such a way that it can fire a single bolt of bone while keeping the rest of the corpse more or less natural to the body. If I can mass-animate skeleton warriors for instance, they would be quickly deployed with a significant hidden advantage…”
And fire one shot per battle. One sliver of bone, thrown from a miniature crossbow. Az’kerash considered that. Complex, perhaps needlessly so if you could give a skeleton an actual bow or crossbow. But it could go through an eye, take an enemy off-guard.
“It is still needlessly complex. But continue.”
Pisces relaxed. He sped around the skeleton, reconfiguring it.
“I also had plans to trap the body itself, Archmage, so that the entire body explodes outwards in battle. I had perceived, an, ah, weakness in my team of adventurers. I had encountered the [Sinew Magus], a rather powerful [Mage] by the name of Grimalkin in the last week—”
“Grimalkin?”
Az’kerash paused. His eyes flickered, recalling.
“Ah. Of Pallass. That buffoon. He thrashed your team quite effectively, I take it?”
In physical combat, he was certainly capable of that. Pisces nodded carefully, repeating Grimalkin’s assessment. Az’kerash agreed, at least in part.
“Bone Horrors are not designed for power. Bones are, by nature, lighter than flesh. Had you specialized in Draugr, you would have the crushing force you seek. Assuming you armed your creations with appropriate equipment, such as warhammers. However, your weakness is not a lack of spell power in other fields, young Necromancer. You simply lack for two aspects: [Deathbolt] and your own force of undead.”
Pisces paused.
“You believe so, Archmage?”
Az’kerash felt another twinge of ire. Pisces was exceedingly humble in attitude, but his questions betrayed his skepticism. He spoke flatly.
“I am certain. As I have informed you, [Necromancers] build armies. They do not spontaneously conjure creations; that area lies too far into a [Summoner]’s field. Necromancy’s strength lies in preparation and planning, not spontaneity.”
“I do understand that, Archmage. But my circumstances do not allow me to have, ah, standing undead. And is there not an elegance in having pre-prepared designs one can call forth at need? A focus on quality over quantity?”
“Elegance?”
