6.51 A
Page 3
But slowly. Not only did Pisces have to stop and make sure a tooth fit with another tooth here, or grind down a section of bone to create a perfect fit here, he was working on another level. For the physical form was only half of the creation he was trying to make. The Bone Behemoth wouldn’t even fit in his room when completed, obviously, but even if Pisces assembled the shell, animating it was…
“Tricky. Complex.”
The [Necromancer] had to admit that after a few minutes. He stared at a huge foot he’d assembled, akin to a dinosaur’s bones, if he had known what a dinosaur was. He thought of it as a Dragon’s leg, or perhaps a Cyclops’ sturdy bones, only crouched, angled for something that would walk on all fours. Bipeds were trickier than quadrupeds. Forget tripeds.
It was already done; assembling was easy. But making it move? Pisces frowned, and tried to form a lattice of magic. In concept it was simple. The leg moved so. Necromancy could give bone a range of movement, like sinew. In fact, Pisces’ magic would replace muscle, tendon, and ligament, giving skeletons the invisible framework by which to move. But giving the spell the strength to move the massive leg was—
Tricky. Pisces frowned as the leg moved a bit, haltingly. The bone wasn’t even that heavy! Not compared to a full flesh-and-blood body. But—it wasn’t easy. Pisces was used to animating regular skeletons with smaller bones. The largest bone in the Human body, the femur, was, what, sixteen times smaller than the bone of this behemoth? At least!
If Pisces compared it to sewing, it was like trying to weave with anchor chains when you were used to thread and needle.
It was difficult. Aggravating. Pisces began to sweat, and then to curse. He tried reconfiguring the bone leg, assembling more parts of the Behemoth in his room. He went back to the necromancy tome and read for a bit, massaging his temples.
“Anchor the lattice…well, obviously around the center of gravity! How do you provide enough power to move bone that heavy? No, not another lesson mixed in with anecdotes of your ‘accomplishments’ every five sentences!”
He hurled the spellbook across the room and dragged his fingers through his hair. Pisces stared at the spellbook, and then flicked a hand. It flew back towards him and he settled back on the desk, reading vexed. He wasn’t like Ceria, who had only recently begun her training again. But sometimes, Pisces envied her.
Ceria was talented. She was a half-Elf, naturally attuned to magic. She had a spellbook with a number of spells he would have loved to study if he could have spared the time from his necromancy studies. And she had learned from a master.
“Illphres.”
Pisces said the word bitterly. And he remembered. A broken body rising, lifeless eyes burning with undead light. Of his regrets, and he had many, that one still stung. He wondered sometimes if Ceria had forgiven him for that. Better still though. She had seen her master’s corpse in undeath.
But she had not seen how Illphres had died. Her or the other [Mages] who had gone to challenge Zelkyr’s last test. Pisces was still haunted by that memory, too. He paused and shook his head.
But she had had a master, however briefly. Someone who could perfect her fundamentals, show her a path. A path to true magic, even if it was only as far as Illphres had gotten. She had probably been on par with a Named Adventurer. The highest of Gold-ranks at least!
