6.51 A
Page 20
Both the [Necromancer] and the Necromancer jumped. In Az’kerash’s gaze, it was just a movement of the hand. The voice was loud, and it was accompanied by a sharp rap on the door. Lyonette called from outside the hallway.
“We have lunch!”
“Already?”
“…It’s been four hours! We’re still not done, but you are a guest. I have some of Erin’s newest pizza if you’d like to have a quick meal? I think it’s a pizza, anyways.”
Az’kerash saw Pisces hesitate, and then collect himself, he called out as he rushed the bones into his bag of holding.
“I should be delighted to, Miss Lyonette!”
“Good! I’ll set a plate. Come down, but watch your step! It’s, er, a bit slick. The soap Octavia gave me is rather strong.”
The [Necromancer] paused as Lyonette headed downstairs. He looked back at the dead rat and Az’kerash saw him bite his tongue, and then shake his head. He hurried for the door. And Az’kerash, after a moment, followed him.
It was just a whim. But the young man’s odd—relationship with the inn still intrigued Az’kerash. And he felt annoyed at himself for snapping at the boy. When he had studied at Wistram, he had criticized that same inflexibility in his teachers. What on earth had possessed him to copy them? Those flawed, ancient fools? It was a flaw in his thinking and should be corrected. Not that Az’kerash interacted with the living, but arrogance was a weakness.
As for Pisces—Az’kerash had also heard an unfamiliar word. And the scholar in him had to hesitate.
“Pizza?”
Some new dish, of course. But it did intrigue, so the Necromancer found a new set of eyes to follow Pisces. Obviously, the undead rat the [Necromancer] thought was Az’kerash’s only eyes on him wouldn’t do. So Az’kerash cast his senses around the inn and surrounding area. It was simple. There was death everywhere.
And in this case, Az’kerash’s new minion came exactly in the same place he had found the old. The People of the Grain Sack, the rats of Erin’s basement, had been slaughtered mercilessly by the horrible ‘pets’ of Elirr. But not all their bones had been disposed of. A few corpses remained, hidden in a grain sack, suffocated by the grain.
It was really going to make Erin call into question the health codes of her inn when she thought of them, but to be fair, her grain was preserved, and so were the corpses since they technically counted as food. Just potentially filled with rat germs. Now, one of these corpses moved. The rat’s body twitched, began to dig upwards, out of the sack. It emerged, scampered towards the basement stairs. And turned invisible, soundless.
“[Greater Invisibility]. [Muffle]. Hm. [Concealed Presence]. [Sticky Feet].”
Az’kerash cast a few spells, turning the rat invisible from detection both mundane and magical. Of course, if a Named Adventurer or someone with high detections Skills was present, he would have to improvise. But the rat, climbing out of the trap door with [Enhanced Strength], encountered no such formidable adversaries. It raced up the wall and saw Pisces as he slowly descended the steps.
The inn was clear, both of people and debris on the floor. In fact, the floors were so polished, it was almost a sin to walk on them. And it was certainly precarious. Octavia’s soap formula had worked—too well. The floors were polished, smooth, and slippery, as if they had had a wax coating. Pisces overbalanced, caught himself with trained grace, and watched Drassi flip and fall on her back.
“Ow!”
