6.51 A
Page 1
“You know better than to try that. And look what it got you! No, you don’t need a healing potion. You didn’t land hard. Don’t be dramatic, young miss. If you want to help, you can help me move chairs.”
Mrsha tearfully looked up at Lyonette. She signed with her paws, overplaying her injury in the right one. Mean! Mean and hard work! Lyonette frowned.
“Mrsha…”
The little squabble was ignored by the [Necromancer] as his plate slowly levitated downwards. Pisces lifted a hand and a fork flew into it. He chewed the mostly cold eggs as his eyes flicked across the pages. He was engrossed in his task, so much so that he only looked up when he heard a cough.
“Pisces. We’re cleaning the inn.”
“Hmm? Ah.”
Pisces glanced up. At some point, the inn had emptied. All the tables and chairs were moved against the wall. Mrsha was playing with her ball as Ishkr and the Gnolls swept the inn. Pisces’ table and chair were the last to be moved. He looked down at his empty plate and rose with a sigh.
“I see. I do apologize, Miss Lyonette. I will remove myself to my room, then.”
“Thank you.”
Lyonette watched him step up the stairs, still absent-mindedly reading. She looked down at his plate and sighed. He wasn’t really annoying. Or rather, she’d heard how much worse he could be from Erin. In fact, there were a lot harder people to manage. Erin included. She took the plate, bussed it to the kitchen, and got to work.
The inn’s remaining occupants kept cleaning. Pisces went upstairs. And no one, not Lyonette, or Mrsha, thought to ask what he did as he entered his room and shut the door. Because they understood Pisces, or at least, they thought they did. But what they understood was the exterior. And the [Necromancer], for all his foibles, made a fairly easy picture to grasp at a distance.
But perhaps if someone were to ask Ceria, or Ksmvr, or Yvlon, they might stop. And upon reflection, they would realize a truth. They didn’t know Pisces as completely as they thought. He had secrets. No one even knew his last name. No one knew which nation he had hailed from, or his past before Wistram. How many people could truly say they knew Pisces (Lastname)?
Perhaps no one. So, as Pisces closed the door to his room he murmured a spell.
“[Muffle]. [Sealed Space].”
On the walls, six ash-drawn runes started glowing. The spell made Pisces’ ears feel full for a moment as silence enveloped the room. It was now safe, at least, in a crude way, from magical spying. The [Necromancer] looked around. Erin would probably have been unhappy to see the magical sigils he’d drawn on the walls, but she’d probably be more aghast at the room itself.
It was actually clean. Disconcertingly organized, compared to how unkempt Pisces himself usually was. Pisces’ belongings were lined up on the dresser, the floor swept so neatly that even Lyonette wouldn’t have found flaw with it; only the bed was a mess of tangled sheets. But that was to a reason.
An undead rat’s skeleton lay unmoving on Pisces’ dresser, the only thing anyone would have found untoward. Pieces stared at it for a moment as he came in, but he ignored it after another moment. The [Necromancer] regarded his room, and then sighed. He put his spellbook down on a table, a bit annoyed, and massaged his forehead.
“Magical theory. Why are necromantic texts so, so…childish? Each one is written as if it is the cardinal basis of all magic. Yes, by all means, pontificate on why your knit-bone structure is superior to all other designs over the last ten thousand years, sir. Would it be so difficult to include a diagram?”
