6.51 A
Page 0

“Well, I’m off! I’ll be back tonight or tomorrow! Send help if you hear explosions or something.”
Erin waved as she left her inn with Teliv. Lyonette let Mrsha wave her off, and then the door closed. The [Princess] looked around.
Suddenly, the inn was quiet. Almost deserted. Some Gnolls and Drakes were having breakfast, quietly, but the population of the inn was now less than two dozen, counting the staff. The [Princess] sighed; Erin was the heart and excitement of the inn. But sometimes her absence could be a good thing.
Ishkr and the two Gnolls on staff looked up as Lyonette clapped her hands. The other guests glanced up, expecting something interesting. But all Lyonette did was point towards a broom.
“Alright, everyone! Erin’s gone! You know what that means! We can finally get some cleaning and other work done. Let’s sweep and polish the floors. Everyone having breakfast—you have thirty minutes to finish!”
There were a few good natured groans, but no one bemoaned the time limit. Ishkr began moving unused chairs to one side of the very big, moderately dirty room. Well, it wasn’t filthy, but there were specks. Scuffs. The kind of thing a proper inn didn’t need. Lyonette was counting brooms.
“Sweep first. Then we’ll do a wash and scrubbing. I have a soap-mix that Octavia made up for me. It’s apparently pretty strong! Mrsha, don’t bother Ishkr. He’s working!”
Mrsha looked up, betrayed, as she tried to push a table that Ishkr was dragging towards the wall. She was helping! But Lyonette put her hands on her hips.
“I’m sure Ishkr appreciates the help, but you’ll get your paw run over. Why don’t you get your ball? We can play with it when the second shift comes in. Or, I can see if Selys has time…”
Mrsha shook her head. Sulkily, she crept off. Lyonette sighed, but she started moving furniture too. The little Gnoll needed a proper diversion each day, she reflected. Work, or a tutor. She had had a [Tutor]. Could she arrange one for Mrsha?
“If Erin doesn’t get taxed again, maybe. Or maybe Selys will sponsor Mrsha. Does Liscor have tutors?”
“Mostly apprenticeships.”
Ishkr shrugged as Lyonette looked at him. The [Princess] pursed her lips. She kept thinking as she rounded tables, filling last breakfast orders and collecting money. Numbtongue had vanished, maybe into the mountains to do some mining.
And in the inn, Mrsha crept around, looking for something interesting. She’d found rats, once. And usually there were fun people to play with. Like Moore. Or Ceria. Or Yvlon, or Bevussa, or…but they were all gone. Liscor’s new Council had made everyone happily busy—elsewhere. And as a result Mrsha was bored.
But there was one person who remained. And while he wasn’t Mrsha’s first target, he and she had an enduring relationship of sorts. Now, Mrsha slunk along, using her [Natural Concealment] Skill. She could see his white robes as he sat at the table, reading. And she could smell his plate. There were some eggs left. So Mrsha waited, biding her time, and then, with a herculean leap, jumped on the table, swiped—
And missed. Pisces flicked his finger at the plate and it soared over Mrsha’s head. The [Necromancer] glanced up and smirked. Mrsha narrowed her eyes and leapt again. The plate soared slowly over her head. She missed the table and went splat on the floor.
“Mrsha, stop bothering Pisces!”
Lyonette had seen it all. The Gnoll cub ran over to her, holding one of her wrists and making a faint whining sound. The [Princess] stroked her head mostly unsympathetically.
