6.51 A
Page 28
It broke her heart. And Bea hadn’t known she had a heart that could break. She whispered one word.
“Master?”
He never heard her. On Az’kerash danced, and the faces turned to him. Each one different. [Kings], nobility, [Mages]. [Knights] and men and women dressed with less elegance than their counterparts. All smiling. Laughing.
Until the song began to fade. Until, Perril Chandler, turning, saw a flash of contempt across one face. It stood out. A frown, across the crowned [King]’s face. A flash of fear across the women he held.
A discordant note pieced through the music. It halted abruptly. Perril Chandler’s smooth steps faltered. He stopped. The woman he held stared up at him. And her eyes were suddenly distant.
He looked around. The other dancers had stopped. And now, some wore masks. They hid, whispering behind them to each other. Others pointed. Some turned away. One by one, their faces turned accusatory.
Archmage Chandler looked around. He wavered, halted, turning. But the two Garuda had lowered their staffs, bowed their heads. Others he looked for were gone. The Drake and the three carved women were gone. Only one of them remained, and her carved face watched with bitter anguish.
The [Knight] approached Az’kerash. Spat on the floor, drew his sword and pointed it at Az’kerash. A man shouted something. But it was a silent scene.
Alone, the [Necromancer] stood. Amid a sea of faces. Lost figures. They turned on him, then. Full of wrath. Leapt, drawing blades, attacking from behind. He stood there. And as they moved towards him, they turned to dust.
The [King] was first. A look of mortal terror flashed across his face and he raised his hands. He turned to dust, the illusion vanishing, the skeleton disintegrating. The [Knight] was next, swinging his sword. One by one, the people closest to the [Necromancer] turned to dust. Then the others began to flee. They tried to run, not attack. But it was too late. They slowly fell to pieces, turning to pale powder on the floor.
The woman was one of the last. The man knelt over her, holding her for a long time. She looked up at him. And he reached for her. But she closed her eyes and vanished. He straightened, then. And his robes were black. His skin deathly pale. His black eyes searched the room. Bea saw Az’kerash look around.
He was no longer smiling. No longer laughing. The Necromancer stood amid the dust, his head bowed. He did not weep. His shoulders did not shake. He just looked around. And time came back like the crashing waves.
Az’kerash’s face was pained as Bea hesitantly approached. Pained, and then it smoothed as he turned to her. The emotion in his eyes pierced her, holding her tongue, keeping her speechless. But for a second. It faded. Disappearing into the void, the white void of his eyes.
“Master?”
A lone voice. The thing that had once been a man turned. And memory turned into reality. Bea stood in front of him, her face decayed. Her hair not flowing and full, but gone in parts. He smiled at her, appreciating the beauty he saw.
But Bea remembered the woman. And she was afraid. She didn’t know what to say. She didn’t have words to describe what she had felt. She only knew what—Bea knew. And Bea was young. So she approached her master, timidly. She looked up at him.
“Master. I am sorry I failed you. I am sorry. But I miss Oom.”
It was a child’s statement. Self-absorbed. Guiltily, without knowing why. Az’kerash looked at her. And he held her, embraced her.
“Bea. My lovely child. You have not failed me.”
“I haven’t?”
