6.51 A
Page 27
Az’kerash slid across the floor, slowly turning, spinning, halting. It wasn’t an uncontrolled slide, like Pisces’ first attempt. He slid across the ice, pausing, adjusting his trajectory with careful movements. He had done this before. And as memory returned, he kicked off. He slid, no, he skated across the floor on one foot, turning, jumping, spinning. He didn’t have skates but it wasn’t elegance he strove for.
He had done this before. Bea saw it. The smooth glide, the way he caught himself from falling. The Necromancer slid across the floor a few times, but lacking skates, and unwilling to do the belly slide, there wasn’t much you could do. But he wasn’t going to stop with that.
The ice melted with a wave of one hand. And the water evaporated. Bea saw Az’kerash turn. And he waved a hand.
The dead rose. Skeletons, at first. Bone pouring fourth, shaking into Human figures, slowly gathering. And then—an illusion. Bone took on the seeming of cloth. Flesh.
Humans stood in the ballroom. And they wore the dresses of old. Elegant clothing, the kind Bea had seen in images of Terandrian nobles. A woman she had killed with a single touch. Beautiful clothing. And the people were beautiful. Smoothed by memory. They stood for a moment.
And then there was light. Bea flinched, but it was another illusion. Az’kerash turned. The ballroom changed. Worn stone turned into smooth, colored tiles. Rags into smooth curtains. Sitting chairs, servants circulating with trays.
And the people began to move. Men and women walked towards each other. He with a bow, she a proffered hand. They paired off, moved in slow steps.
Now music. Bea heard a haunting strain, some string instrument playing slowly. A quiet brass. Picking up in speed. The song filled the hall. And Az’kerash walked among the dancers. They moved in perfect synchronization; that was the only unreal aspect of the illusion. But each of them knew him. A man with a crown and a full beard nodded to Az’kerash, gesturing, scarred cheek twisted, but by a smile. A woman with a circlet approached shyly, hand proffered. A [Knight] bowed, all dignity and straight back.
More. [Mages], in their robes. A haughty Drake accompanied by a trio of giant women—no, statues, each perfectly sculpted. A pair of Garuda holding staves. They stood to the side as the dancers moved to the rhythm of the song.
Az’kerash stood among them. Looking from face to face. And then, at the woman with the circlet. She was most realized of the others. Her face alive with beauty, a hint of laughter, some nerves. Bea touched her face. And she looked at the woman and realized they were the same.
The dancers swirled in front of Az’kerash for a moment. And then they parted. The music picked up. It wasn’t quiet now, but moving. A call to the dance. Not fast, but with deliberate tempo. And he walked from among them.
The Necromancer walked forwards. And Bea saw his face was colorful. Pale in skin, but alive. And his eyes—she felt a surge of apprehension. They were a pale green, alive, not the dark pits she knew. Peril Chandler, Archmage Chandler, turned his head. And he held out a hand, accepting the woman, the other Bea’s hand.
They stepped into the center of the room. And the dancers slowly began to revolve around them. Az’kerash moved slowly at first, his legs and body moving to a tempo he had all but forgotten. But one he had known. And he turned, staring at the woman. Bea had seen the look on his face a thousand times. She knew it as fondness, amusement, affection. But this was deeper. A thousand times.
