6.52 K
Page 2
Not that anyone cared. She’d told them a bit last night, but it was still low-brow stuff compared to the usual. It was sometimes good that way. Erin stared at Mrsha, feeding a smiling Lyonette, Relc, yawning and muttering about sleeping for twelve hours until his next shift, Pisces reading while he kept missing his bowl, and Bevussa using her talons to eat.
Erin frowned—she was going to talk to Pisces later for that thing this morning—and then noticed a shivering Drake sitting at a table as far away from hers as possible. Erin called out cheerfully to him.
“Hey Teliv! What’s wrong? Want more breakfast? I can get you other food if you don’t like yogurt!”
Teliv the Drake [Host] and sometimes [Negotiator] jumped at Erin’s voice. He looked up.
“What? No! No, no thank you, Miss Erin. No more food. I’m not hungry.”
He pushed his barely-touched bowl back unsteadily. Ceria looked up, her mouth full, and glanced at Erin. Teliv had a familiar look in his eye; she knew it because she’d had it about half a year ago when she first visited the inn.
“Erin, did you do something to Teliv?”
“Me?”
Erin tried to look innocent. She shrugged.
“No…we just went to Esthelm. Nothing big.”
“Hah!”
Teliv’s bark of laughter made some of the other diners look up. Relc scooted his chair closer, looking sleepily interested.
“Ooh, I know Erin went to Esthelm yesterday with some of the Watch. I didn’t get to go. Captain Z said I was unsuitable for diplomatic missions. What’d Erin do? Burn it down?”
“Relc! I wouldn’t do that! It was fine! We went, they loved us, especially the food and the stuff we gave them, and we signed a deal! Liscor’ll get some ore and we’ll even get visitors!”
Erin protested. Ceria raised her brows and the guests in the inn looked at Teliv for his take. He shook his head.
“That happened, but—the Hobgoblin entered the city! He snuck in after following us! That was only the start!”
He pointed at Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin looked up and grumbled something. This time Seborn glanced at Erin.
“That wasn’t a huge incident?”
“Whaaat? No! I mean, Esthelm’s cool. Cooler than Liscor. They didn’t get that upset. In fact, some of them knew Numbtongue!”
Erin smiled at Numbtongue.
“He was like a hero! Only, he didn’t get a parade and it was mostly awkward. But they let him in! And they liked me and him. They even gave me a hat. Let me get it!”
She hurried into the kitchen, remembered she lived upstairs, and came down in a clatter with a wreath on her head. The flowers were still fairly fresh, but showing the first signs of wilting after being outside so long. Now, in the inn, they’d be preserved forever in their near-freshness.
“See? I got one for Numbtongue, but he must have lost his. It was only a bit of a fuss.”
The Hobgoblin had left it with the graves. But that wasn’t a breakfast topic. Nor did he speak. He just folded his arms, content in silence. Teliv shuddered.
“Only a bit of a fuss? We came so close to a diplomatic incident. Four times! The Hobgoblin wasn’t even the worst of it. She encouraged a near riot!”
He pointed a claw at Erin. She tried to look innocent. Bevussa opened her beak in a grin. She turned as Relc began munching on some toast and sipping his drink happily. Erin hesitated as Lyonette, Mrsha, and Moore stared at her. Seborn drained half his mug of water and went back to polishing one of his daggers.
“I wouldn’t say a riot. Look, there was a jerk. He was all about stealing people’s money and charging ‘travel fees’ and stuff. Like [Bandits]. I…helped get rid of him.”
“She organized a coup.”
“Well, not really—”
