6.52 K
Page 32
Oliphant, before the war, was estimated at a population of four hundred thousand, small perhaps for a capital city, but the thought of even a hundred thousand [Soldiers] willing to fight an enduring siege battle without quarter seems to evoke fear in even the most battle-hardened [Soldier]. They have seen how far Tiqr is willing to go, and one [Sergeant] from Nerrhavia expresses his desire not to be sent to the final siege. He is in fact hopeful the siege will end before he is called with his squad to the front, but his resigned tone makes it clear to me that he fears this will not be the case.
It seems this is Tiqr’s last hour, and it may indeed pass only as a news snippet in the eyes of the world, a summary fact of defeat. However, from the front lines, it is clear that regardless of the King of Destruction’s involvement, Tiqr has proven to be far more costly than any of its opponents ever dreamed it could be. 
I will attempt to journey to Oliphant to report on the end of Tiqr, although I fear my articles have now attracted a bounty on my own head. If the final siege is half as costly as the end of the Laughing Brigade, it is small wonder the allied nations hesitate before bringing the final battle to the Empress of Beasts. 
Whatever the case, Tiqr’s legacy will be one of bloodshed—one not soon forgotten by the other nations who may indeed be watching their borders for fear of becoming a second Tiqr. 
Signing off,
 
–Rémi Canada, [Reporter].
 
The piece of parchment stayed in Pisces’ hands another moment. And then he turned it over and looked at the backside. Erin was frozen where she stood. Pisces sniffed.
“Well, I suppose that was an interesting tale. Unverified, of course. No wonder the price I suppose; the [Scribe] did not undersell the cost given how much writing needed to be done. I er, probably should apologize. But—fascinating. This person did more reports? I wonder why—I should be delighted to hear their take on the start of the war.”
He chuckled, rubbing his hands together with academic interest. Erin was still frozen. She stared down at the name as Pisces turned the page over again.
“Canada.”
“Hm? Oh, yes. Interesting name I suppose. And [Reporter]—similar to [Crier] I think? Odd, but certainly fascinating! If what they say is true, I imagine these other nations are attempting to keep this blunder secret. I can only imagine this fellow has a sizeable bounty, as they said. Or is it female? Fascinating indeed…”
Pisces’ chuckle stopped as he noticed the look on Erin’s face. She was pale, suddenly, and he saw her lips shaping a word.
Canada. It was such a…people didn’t have that as a last name. Did they? In this world? No, how could it be that kind of coincidence? And that class.
[Reporter]. Erin stared at the parchment. Then she looked up. She started as she saw Pisces looking at her.
“I—uh—Canada? No, I was just saying, what a weird name. Canada. Sounds, foreign, doesn’t it?”
She stumbled over her words, unable to fake anything. The [Necromancer] paused. But then he raised his eyebrows nonchalantly, pretending not to notice her expression or the way she looked.
“It may be vaguely Chandrarian. But—what is a name, after all?”
“Yeah. Yeah. But it’s um, amazing work. Journalism. I mean—amazing.”
“Yes it is.”
Pisces watched Erin’s face. She reached for the parchment, hesitated, and then snatched it, affecting a casual grin.
“Hey! We should find the other things this person wrote, huh? Isn’t it interesting? It makes the war come to life!”
“It does at that.”
Erin hesitated.
