6.52 K
Page 23
The Strongest of Pomle waited for the woman to move. He hadn’t moved. She was eying him, eying the line of colored stones. He could see she wanted to dare it. But—she might have had [Dangersense]. Certainly, some of her [Raiders] did, because they were whispering among their ranks. And the eager attitude among her force vanished. Some even began looking over their shoulders.
The confidence drained out of the [Raid Leader]’s face. She looked at Orjin, assessing them, and more blood fled her hands and face. She backed up, turning her horse roughly. Then she spat on the ground and rode away. The Nerrhavian First-Chariot hesitated. But when Orjin turned to him he shook his head.
Without a word, both armies withdrew. Orjin sighed. He stared as they kicked up a dust storm as they rode away. Pomle’s warriors waited for his nod, and then walked off, returning to their tasks. Casually, as if nothing had happened. The refugees watched as Orjin walked past them, shaken.
“Excuse me! This way!”
A voice called out in the newfound silence. The refugees turned, and saw a Drake striding towards them. Salii, Pomle’s only [Receptionist], was hurrying forwards with her clipboard.
“Everyone, with me. You are quite safe now; please form an orderly line.”
“But what—”
“All questions later, please! We will bring you to one of the temporary camps. Excuse me, follow me. My name is Salii. Come to me if you have any questions or issues. That is Orjin, the Strongest of Pomle. Now—”
The people found themselves obediently shuffling after Salii before they quite knew what was happening. Orjin left the Drake to do whatever she wanted. Pomle had guests. And that was as far as he intended to deal with the matter. For that matter, most of Pomle’s warriors ignored the new influx of people. There was only one thing that concerned them, and so Orjin sighed. More work to do.
That night, Orjin sat on the ground in the darkness, waiting. It was at roughly the same spot he had been. The line of colored pebbles was still there. This time, though, he was looking down on them from a height.
The canyon’s walls were steep. High. But any [Martial Artist] could climb them. And so could a number of other classes, it seemed. Shadowy figures, dressed in black clothing to hide themselves in the night scaled the canyons. They carried blades, and they were fairly stealthy.
Not stealthy enough, though. A few had Skills; Orjin knew from the breathing that one was invisible. He was trying to locate the invisible one by their posture in the dust. The figures paused, then they crossed the line that separated Pomle from the rest of the world.
Normally that mattered little. Normally people got a second or third chance and guests, even armed ones, were welcome in Pomle. But these ones had already been warned.
The first [Martial Artist] dropped out of the skies where she had been hovering. Her [Axe Kick] shattered the skull of the invisible [Rogue] and the Garuda took wing, hunting for her next target. Orjin sighed. He’d been off on the Drowned Woman’s position. Oh well. He saw more of the properly hidden [Martial Artists] rise up.
One of them was a Dullahan armed with the crude spears of this morning. She threw the spear and it went through one of the shadowed figures and buried itself in the stomach of the next. The shocked infiltrators shouted, drew their weapons; Pomle’s warriors closed in.
