6.52 K
Page 12
“I worry our armies will hardly have the chance to make the first strike, Magus-Crafter. We are marching quickly, but Nerrhavia and Savere seem determined to make the first strike. To the victors the spoils, but my [King] wishes at least a piece of Tiqr.”
The [General] confided in Femithain over a cup of wine. The Magus-Crafter drank sparingly, shaking his head.
“I believe you will have your chance to war, General Heic. Tiqr will not surrender easily.”
“You believe so? I would have tendered my resignation if I were defending against all this.”
Heic waved a hand to indicate the armies currently camping in the outer regions of Tiqr’s borders. Femithain paused.
“It is true that Tiqr has little chance. Even if the King of Destruction should move—”
“Dead gods perish the thought. We’ve left more than half our forces at home just for that eventuality.”
Heic shuddered. Femithain nodded. So had Illivere’s forces.
“Even should he move, the odds still favor the coalition. But if Tiqr should resist despite the odds—”
“Why would they do that? It will be a slaughter.”
Heic looked bemused. Femithain took his time in replying.
“Empress Nsiia is known as the Empress of Beasts. And she is much like her people, General Heic. I have no doubt she is aware of the odds stacked against her. But—you speak of surrendering? Tell me, have you ever known an animal to surrender?”
“I’ve seen some roll over.”
“In a fight to the death?”
The [General] paused.
“No. Never that.”
“Just so. Have no fear, General. Your time will come. And I do fear Tiqr will fall. If not easily.”
He’d said too much. Heic was silent, watching him. Femithain sipped from his cup. Even he had no idea how prophetic his words were.
 
—-
 
“Alright. I see there’s a lot of armies moving in.”
Erin was nodding. It was barely a few minutes into her talk with Pisces; she was getting a refill of blue fruit slices. He levitated one out of her bowl, speared it on a fork.
“Indeed. The armies were marching on Tiqr’s capital, plundering outlying settlements—mainly Savere’s doing.”
“[Raider] jerks, right?”
“You have a remarkable ability to distill the information down to the fundamental points. Yes. Meanwhile, the world waited on Reim to move.”
“And did they?”
“No. As I said, the King of Destruction swore an oath. Oh, he kept some forces on the border, but Nerrhavia blocks Reim from moving. And as I said, King of Destruction or not, his army does not match the man himself at the moment.”
Pisces tapped the map. Erin nodded. It was like…Risk. Not chess. She stared at a note.
“Standing forces on Nerrhavia’s border at least twelve thousand strong. About one thousand of Reim’s [Soldiers] spotted on their borders, led by Mars the Illusionist. No movement on either side.”
 
—-
 
The land between Reim and Nerrhavia was owned, by local tribes, smaller cities, even claimed by other nations. But no one stopped Nerrhavia’s forces from setting up across from Reim’s borders. It was a small force, at least, in terms of what Nerrhavia could field. But it wasn’t there to do battle.
Just threaten. The Stitch-Warriors were resplendent in their armor, camped across a flat expanse that separated their army from Reim’s borders. If they had had the chance, would they have advanced? Dared to cross into Reim, to test the King of Destruction’s mettle?
