6.52 K
Page 18
“This is the report I will be tending Queen Yisame. Tiqr’s vanguard is yet considerable. I would prefer to surround them and wear them down with a joint-force. Their main force are the Grand Elephants and their riders. They give Tiqr a powerful vanguard, even outnumbered. We must slowly kill each one to prevent them healing. When they are gone, Tiqr’s hammer is gone. Compose a message to that effect.”
The [Strategist] nodded silently. A slave rushed forwards and Thelican turned.
“Additionally—I request the usage of the Named Adventurer, Alked Fellbow. Consult the [Quartermaster]. Arm our best [Archers] with poisoned arrows. Our [Javelineers] on chariots likewise. The Hemp will advance using pole arms. Pike formations. Withdraw the 1st and 3rd divisions. Move forwards the 8th, the 9th, and the 10th. Commander Calin, Savere’s forces will supplement ours. I assume your irregulars have poisons?”
“You’re going to keep fighting after that?”
Commander Calin pointed at the carnage, her face disbelieving. Thelican frowned.
“The chariots were a loss. But the foot were only Hemp. Tiqr’s army will tire. Mine has yet to bleed. We will be wearing down their elephants first. This was one setback. The battle is far from over.”
He sat back down, deliberately took a cup of water and drained it. And he did not look at the Empress of Beasts. She was riding down the ranks of her warriors, screaming as she held her spear aloft. And they roared, and the animals howled.
They charged again, like thunder. The Reen Plains ran with blood. The String Warriors turned to thread. And they fell. Flesh, thread. The dead.
 
—-
 
“They’re stalemated across these battle lines. Multiple armies fighting, forcing Tiqr’s forces to split or cede ground. The main forces are fighting and retreating here.”
Pisces pointed. Erin nodded. The other armies were advancing. Surrounding the opponent, like an army of pawns. They couldn’t jump or do much that was special, but they could bring down even a queen. Slowly, one by one.
But—slowly. She looked at the parchment.
“It’s six days since the fighting began and they only got that far? They were here when they started fighting.”
She pointed to a position on the map, Reen Fields, barely past the current lines. Pisces nodded.
“Tiqr is posing a sturdy defense. A systematic withdrawal; guerilla tactics. That is what their troops excel at, given their animal components. We can infer that from the reading. But look here.”
Another line.
“Battle at the Yov Oasis. This time between Deimos’ army and Tiqr’s. Tiqr holds it. The Laughing Brigade confirmed spotted on the front. They begin winning some battles. Wait, who are the Laughing Brigade? Is that a mercenary group or something?”
“No. A unit. A royal force. It is a Skill of the Empress of Beasts.”
“…How?”
Pisces paused to explain the concept of a unit to Erin. She had never met the Darksky Riders, but she got it after a minute.
“Units. Huh. So they’re like, elites?”
“Not quite. Say rather that they all possess an ability granted to them by nature of being in their unit.”
“I don’t get it.”
Pisces drummed a hand on the table.
“Units are…special existences. They are granted power just for existing. Some have magical abilities each [Soldier] may call upon. For instance? The ability to ignite their blades at will, regardless of the enchantment on the blade or their own magical ability.”
The [Innkeeper] frowned.
“What, any time they want?”
“That’s right.”
“Any [Soldier]. In the unit.”
