6.52 K
Page 5
“Nearly a century and a half ago. It was an instructive example! In practice, nations trade with each other all the time and wars can even be fought across oceans, although this is generally reserved for only larger conflicts. But [Pirates] raid Izril’s coasts, and sometimes a nation will send forces to other lands. All this to say that other continents might well affect Izril, as they did in the Second Antinium War.”
Pisces sat back, waiting for a response. Erin pondered for a moment and shrugged.
“Cool.”
“That’s it?”
He looked askance. Erin rested her chin on the table.
“It’s got nothing to do with the inn. I dunno, I know I should keep up with it, but it’s not my…”
She hesitated.
“…interest. I mean, I just don’t know enough about the history. Yeah.”
Pisces eyed Erin. She tried to look innocent and he let it slide, much to her relief.
“Well, I could always educate you on the relevant subjects. But this is simply a little update for myself. The war against Tiqr is coming to a close and I thought I should review the facts. It was interesting—there was a longer section here that I haven’t read yet—”
He tried to roll the scroll down to a section at the bottom, but he was blocked as Erin poked her head over.
“Alright, you’ve got me, you sly dog. Lay it on me. Where’s Tiqr and why do I care? It’s got to do with the Dental King, right? The King of Destruction?”
Either Erin was truly bored, or she actually cared about world news. Pisces narrowed his eyes, trying to figure out which it was. He sighed, and unrolled the parchment, tracing his way back to the top.
“The conflict in Tiqr is an ongoing war between the nation of Tiqr, and a coalition of nations. About eleven or ten in all, all opposed to the King of Destruction.”
“Right, right. Because he’s a jerk.”
Erin nodded agreeably. Pisces paused.
“That is a simple reading of him, but he is dangerous, yes. In any case, this is the twenty seventh day of the conflict between the Empire of Tiqr and the Nerrhavian-led Coalition. They are attacking Tiqr—”
“Wait, not the King of Destruction?”
Pisces sighed.
“No, not him. They are attacking Tiqr, one of the few nations openly sympathetic to his cause, or at least truly neutral and not opposed to him. Three major nations and a number of smaller ones have entered the conflict. The largest by far is Nerrhavia’s Fallen, hence their designation as the ‘leader’. In truth, they are simply the largest power by far.”
“Nerrhavia’s Fallen? That’s a name of a country?”
Erin was lost at sea. Pisces looked at her and nodded slowly. He flicked his fingers and produced a quill from a bag of holding.
“Geography. Reim is here. Northeast of Tiqr by a fair margin. This conflict is happening along the south of Chandrar, these nations here, here, here, and here.”
He outlined four nations, all close together. One was decidedly larger than the rest. Erin blinked at them. Pisces tapped one.
“That’s Tiqr.”
“Right. Got it. So all these nations have ganged up on Tiqr because Tiqr liked the King of Destruction?”
“The reasons are slightly more complex. But yes. They took the King of Destruction’s proclamation of peace-without-provocation as a chance to attack one of his allies. If he makes a move, he is forsworn. On the other hand, if he does nothing, Tiqr falls, and the other nations happily claim it.”
Now it was making sense. Erin exhaled.
“Ooh. That’s dirty. Uh—what’s this proclamation of peace?”
The [Necromancer] stared at Erin. She raised her hands.
“I’m sorry!”
