6.52 K
Page 29
The end of the updates was sobering. Erin sat at the table and read the last lines in silence with Pisces.
 
Tiqr’s army retreats to the capital, Oliphant. Illivere’s army begins a siege. Savere’s army moves to reinforce. Nerrhavia’s army moves to reinforce.
The Laughing Brigade is defeated in battle by a joint attack led by Savere and Nerrhavian forces supplemented by soldiers from Deimos and Relaaquil.
[Druids] fleeing Tiqr confirmed to have left the border. Large number of animals and people in company. No pursuit given.
 
That was today. Today, the siege had begun. Erin looked at Pisces. He raised his brows. Reached for a last slice of blue fruit.
It was breakfast. And all this war was so far away. Erin was now caught up on Tiqr. But what happened next? She stared at the parchment.
“So we don’t know what happens next?”
“Presumably, the other armies would initiate the final battle. If not today, then certainly tomorrow. Tiqr will no doubt have a final stand, but they lack the ah, position for a protracted siege. Few walls, you see, no choke points. I imagine today or tomorrow we will receive news of Tiqr’s fall. Quite interesting that the King of Destruction never intervened. But in the end, I suppose it was not expedient.”
The [Necromancer] sighed as he chewed and swallowed. Erin nodded slowly. She blinked down, and then frowned.
“Hold on, we’ve missed something.”
“What?”
Pisces blinked. Erin pointed at a little note at the very bottom of the parchment.
“It says there was an addendum to the report about the Laughing Brigade. But it was extra and you didn’t pay it. See?”
The young man leaned over the parchment.
“An addendum at extra cost? They bothered to write this, but not include the actual information? What did I pay for? I specifically requested all information! The Mage’s Guild does not decide what is superfluous to my interests!”
Pisces was outraged. He stood up. Erin stood up with him.
“Yeah! What happened with them? Can we find out?”
“I intend to.”
The [Necromancer] straightened his robes huffily. He stalked towards the door to Liscor and Erin followed him. Lyonette looked up.
“Erin. Where are you going? I need you in the kitchen.”
The [Innkeeper]’s shoulders hunched. She looked over her shoulder and then hurried Pisces out the door.
“Ican’thearyougottagoI’mwithPiscesbye!”
“Erin!”
Lyonette got up, but Erin had already swung the door closed. The [Princess] scowled, but sat back down as Mrsha scampered over to her.
“She’s going to be making food all day when she gets back.”
 
—-
 
“Excuse me. What exactly do you call this?”
The [Scribe] working day-shift at the Mage’s Guild looked up as Pisces thrust the parchment in front of her. She was a Gnoll, which surprised Erin for someone working in the Mage’s Guild—until she saw the ink stains on the Gnoll’s fur. The [Scribe] sighed.
“What? Sir.”
She seemed to know Pisces, from the snappish tone she had. Pisces sniffed.
“I requested all the relevant news on Tiqr, did I not? What is this—this extortionate nonsense about an addendum?”
The Gnoll bared her teeth at him as she sat up at her desk.
“Exactly what it says. Sir. The addendum is not necessarily verifiable, but it is being offered by the Mage’s Guild. Which is why it was not included. If you would like to read it, I can easily copy you the relevant information.”
Pisces paused huffily. Erin peeked around behind him. The Mage’s Guild wasn’t a place she used often.
“I suppose that would be acceptable. How much?”
“One silver coin and two copper.”
