6.52 K
Page 33
“…Do you think people can send [Messages] to this person? I mean, obviously they must have access to the Mage’s Guild if they’re able to send this around, right?”
She looked so hopeful. So desperate. Pisces paused. He turned his head for a moment, responded casually.
“I would not.”
“Why not?”
He shrugged.
“This…[Reporter] has undoubtedly incurred the wrath of all the nations mentioned in this article. It would be unwise to contact them on an unsecured [Message] spell sent through the Mage’s Guild. They read your correspondence. Believe me.”
“Oh. Right.”
Erin deflated. Pisces hesitated, and then carefully placed a hand on her shoulder. She looked up, but he only smiled slightly, and then tilted his head upwards and sniffed.
“I suppose we could read more of these ah, articles. They are interesting and provide a different take on Chandrar! Perhaps this character will report on the end. And no doubt one might find out more about them. I certainly would like to know more about this class.”
“Yes. Yes, let’s ask.”
Pisces walked Erin back into the Mage’s Guild. Thinking hard. And he was far from the only one. The news article that cost so much hadn’t been read—much. At first. But like a growing wave, it had traction. The [Necromancer] and [Innkeeper] weren’t the only ones poring over the words that day.
 
—-
 
Archmage Feor put down the newspaper and looked at his aide, Teura. The half-Elf focused on the name.
“Canada. One of the countries from the other world. Send a team to find this Remi and retrieve them. Before they are assassinated or taken captive.”
“At once, Archmage. Should the team be ready for conflict?”
“Yes. The Siren of Songs is furious. As are a number of other rulers who have become aware of the article. The Mage’s Guilds are not being subtle about how they advertise this…journalism. Send word—carefully—to instruct the Mage’s Guilds not to reveal the location of this [Reporter].”
“Yes, Archmage.”
Teura bowed slightly. Feor looked down at the article. Of course, he knew what was going on even if he hadn’t read the news. But the concept of someone simply going into a warzone and…telling people what was happening? Everyone? Not a [Spy], or [Informant]?
“A strange concept.”
And bothersome. Archmage Feor rose with a sigh. This was Tiqr’s final hour indeed. And the Empress of Beasts still had not tried to contact the King of Destruction. If she did, it would be now. Wistram was watching.
 
—-
 
But for now there was only silence. Empress Nsiia sat on her throne, waiting. Her army and her people waited, as the armies gathered outside her home. Her city was silent before the end. The Empress of Beasts paused.
“General Vasraf. The scrying mirror. Bring it to me. It is time Flos Reimarch and I spoke.”
The man started. He looked up, wearily, war-torn. He raised his voice angrily, furiously, even.
“Now? At this hour? It is too late, Empress.”
Nsiia raised her head.
“I know that. But it was too late the moment the other nations declared war. He and I knew that. Bring me the mirror. It is not for Tiqr’s salvation I ask. But to make an end to this. He could not save Tiqr. But he can give me destruction.”
Vasraf looked at his [Empress]. Then he bowed silently. The Empress of Beasts sat on her throne. She looked ahead, east.
 
—-
 
