6.52 K
Page 20
“Illivere’s army breaks lines; Savere’s [Queen] takes to the front. Lines broken.”
“What’s so special about Savere’s Queen? Does she have a unit?”
Pisces frowned.
“None as far as I know. Her army is mostly irregular. What makes Savere dangerous is their [Queen] herself. She commands a very powerful water magic.”
 
—-
 
“The Illivere Federation must send two hundred more Golems to the front. We have lost nearly as many. However. Report to General Thelican that Tiqr has lost eighty-six Grand Elephants this day.”
Femithain leaned on a staff. The words rasped in his throat. For all he hadn’t taken a single blow, he felt—wounded. Armsmaster Dellic nodded. He moved slowly, assessing the battlefield.
Tiqr and Illivere had met in battle. And Illivere had won. But what a victory. Femithain looked across the battlefield. All he saw was gore.
Illivere’s Golems stood silent, unmoving after the battle. The [Artificers] were tending to them, repairing cracks in their bodies, replacing entire limbs. Some Golems couldn’t be salvaged. Many were broken, the command spells shattered to the extent that it would be easier to make a new one. And most had fallen to—Femithain saw a fallen mound, grey, mixed with red.
An elephant. It had died ramming into a stone Golem. The Golem was snapped in half. But the elephant’s skull was crushed. More had died, their riders and the animal falling as the Golems bore it down. Femithain’s two Steel Golems had killed four themselves.
The Magus-Crafter felt no joy in it. He looked at the dead elephants and spat bile out of his mouth. He turned.
“What news from Savere’s front?”
“Magus-Crafter. The Siren of Tides has pushed through Tiqr’s lines.”
A weary [Mage-Artificer] raised her head. Femithain paused.
“Nothing else?”
“She killed the elephants. And the [Soldiers]. Animals too. [Water Shot]. A tidal wave, apparently. Her [Pirates] can fight in the tide.”
Femithain nodded.
“But the elephants. How…?”
“She drowned them. Encased them in water.”
The [Mage] shook her head. Femithain paused.
“Cruel.”
That was all he said. But he looked at the ones who had died here and couldn’t say anything more. At last, Dellic came back.
“Magus-Crafter. General Thelican sends his most sincere regards.”
“I suppose he does.”
Cynically, Femithain wondered if Illivere and Savere had done better than Nerrhavia in these two engagements. He leaned on his staff, shook his head.
“We will wait for reinforcements before pushing in. Instruct Illivere to march the golems without pause to our location.”
“Magus-Crafter. Will we see more fighting like today’s? Those elephants—”
One of the younger [Artificers] began hesitantly. He was nearly silenced by Dellic, but Femithain shook his head. Today’s battle had been—gruesome. Illivere’s Golems had gone to war with a huge wing of Tiqr’s elephants. And despite losing nearly half their animals, Tiqr had managed to do an incredible amount of damage.
“Possibly, Artificer Azef. But that determination I will discuss with General Thelican. Tiqr’s forces are slowly reducing in number, however. Their war animals cannot be replaced like our Golems.”
“Yes, Magus-Crafter. It—it seems to be a shame.”
Femithain didn’t respond. He looked at the dead elephants. And he remembered seeing one on parade. The Empress of Beasts riding hers.
“Repair the Golems, [Artificers]. Illivere will need them in the days to come.”
 
—-
 
“Battle at Be’neld Oasis. Tiqr retreats. That was ten days ago, right?”
