6.52 K
Page 30
“One silver coin? That is more than I paid for the information on Tiqr! Preposterous!”
The outraged voice made the other employees and visitors looked around. Erin winced, but Pisces was in full indignation mode. He placed both hands on the counter and tried to glare at the Gnoll. She was taller than he was and just narrowed her eyes.
“One silver coin and two copper is the price…sir. The length of the report alone justifies the cost. Do you want it or not?”
Pisces hesitated. Erin poked him in the side. That was a very Gnollish action. She smiled at the Gnoll [Scribe] apologetically.
“Sorry about him. Pisces, just pay her!”
“It’s an indignity!”
“You don’t even know what it says. Pay her! And say sorry!”
“Very well, but if it is not sufficiently worthy of the price…”
Pisces passed the coins over. Then, when Erin poked him harder, muttered what might have been an apology. The Gnoll smiled at Erin, who smiled back, and reached for a quill. She produced a roll of parchment, placed it on a writing board and clamped it, then picked up another bit of parchment and began to copy with a practiced hand. Erin was impressed; the Gnoll’s writing was very good and very fast! Pisces just sniffed and folded his arms, the picture of pique.
When she was done, the Gnoll [Scribe] lifted her quill, blew on the ink, and handed it to Erin, not Pisces.
“Thank you!”
Erin beamed at her, and pulled Pisces out of line. She investigated the parchment. It was, much to her surprise, packed with writing. More like a page from a book than the factual reports. She whistled.
“Hey Pisces, look at this! It’s a lot of writing.”
Pisces stopped harrumphing long enough to look at the parchment. He blinked and snatched it from Erin.
“Hey!”
“Strange. This isn’t a typical report verified by the Mage’s Guild. What is this?”
“Uh—can I see?”
Erin peeked over Pisces’ shoulder. He absently lowered it and both read together. The parchment was strange. Stranger to Pisces than Erin; after a moment, she understood what was so familiar about it to her.
 
*The Mage’s Guild takes no responsibility for the authenticity of this information.
Laughing Brigade’s end marks another ‘complete victory’ against Tiqr
Today, the Laughing Brigade, one of Tiqr’s final remaining forces not withdrawn around their capital of Oliphant was defeated in battle. The estimated eight hundred remaining [Soldiers] and hyenas that made up the Laughing Brigade were cornered in the canyon known as Heda’s Valley by a combined force of warriors led by the nations of Savere and Nerrhavia’s Fallen. 
The Laughing Brigade, once a designated ‘Unit’ numbering just over three thousand, had fought an ongoing war of attrition with the nations invading Tiqr, launching a number of surprise attacks on enemy forces thanks to their mobility and unique effect—maddening, deafening, or simply infectious laughter that was due to the Empress of Beast’s Skill. 
After nearly a month of successful fighting, they were at last cornered as Tiqr’s remaining army withdraws to the capital. Surrounded and unable to retreat, a combined army of Savere’s irregulars and Nerrhavian elites of the Silk-caste, the Laughing Brigade fought and perished to the last soldier. There were no survivors or captives.
These are the facts of the matter, which have been reported via Mage’s Guild to the rest of the world. They were indisputable, easily verifiable via [Detect Lies] spell as an absolute truth. However, they fail to tell the story of Tiqr, which has not been reported on for the duration of the conflict, a little less than a month’s worth of fighting.
