6.53 K
Page 23
The two held each other’s gazes. The Archmages shifted. They were uninvited voyeurs to this moment. And they could not guess at the emotions conveyed without words. Viltach was tense, a magical quill transcribing the conversation. He cared little for the emotion of the moment. Naili looked as if she were watching a story—and it was. Feor just listened, searching for anything he could use to understand the King of Destruction, that could aid him.
The conversation was intimate and formal by turns. Flos looked past Nsiia, searching.
“I remember an elephant. Your protector and friend, you called him. Where is he? His name was…”
“Thef. Thef is dead. He was slain by an arrow. Alked Fellbow struck him down and Thef died, giving me time to flee.”
Nsiia’s face hardened. Her eyes flashed wild. Flos bowed his head.
“I am sorry.”
At their table, Naili sat up and looked upset.
“He is? I liked that elephant!”
“Archmage Naili, be silent.”
Feor snapped at her. Nsiia was shaking her head.
“…end upon us all. My [General], Vasraf, holds the walls. But the coalition’s armies have all encircled Oliphant. Ten, and Nerrhavia’s the largest by far. They will fall upon us come dawn, or so Vasraf tells me. Hence my conversation. It has been overdue.”
“Yes it has. I have been waiting for it. Let us speak, then, Nsiia.”
The Archmages leaned forwards as one. Nsiia adjusted the mirror. Her eyes found Flos’; the Archmages had trouble looking at her bright eyes. They had all seen death, and this was the gaze of someone on that edge they had all walked. Staring into the depths.
“Tiqr will fall, Flos Reimarch. My people have fled, lie dead or have been enslaved. The animals of Tiqr are likewise gone or fallen, defending this land. These other nations have torn Tiqr apart, and they will beset us at the last. This is Tiqr’s final hour. What say you of it?”
The King of Destruction bowed his head.
“What say I? I knew Tiqr in its glory. When I marched into your lands, your father stood against me and dared me to try to take Tiqr. That every child, animal, and stone would fight me to the end. I did not doubt him and invited Tiqr to my kingdom. Your people fought with mine until my slumber. Proud friends of the wild.”
He gestured at Nsiia’s headband, the single huge feather remaining.
“Your father gave his life, riding Leihfil the Roc, dooming hundreds of Terandria’s [Griffin Riders] in battle when they came to strike a blow at my heart. I mourn it all. But your father’s words hold true. Tiqr has bled them for every step forwards the invaders have taken.”
Empress Nsiia only nodded. Flos continued, heavily.
“And yet, Tiqr dies. You have heard of my vow of peace, which led Tiqr to this moment. Nsiia. Do you hold it against me?”
“Of course. Were you never to issue it, Tiqr might not have fallen.”
Nsiia’s eyes flashed. Flos nodded. She stared at him, biting one lip hard enough to pierce skin.
“Peace. Why would you bother awakening from your slumber just to announce peace?”
“To prove I do not make war without cause, Nsiia. I never did. Or should I do battle with every nation in Chandrar at once? Even I would lose such a war. Probably.”
Flos shook his head. Nsiia closed her eyes.
“So you issue it and your enemies plot to remove your allies.”
“Yes. I did not expect it, Nsiia. You did not ally with Reim. The nations that attack Tiqr have no cause.”
She nodded, distracted. Feor saw Viltach moving impatiently, opening his mouth. The half-Elf gave him a freezing gaze and Viltach subsided. Nsiia was staring absently past the mirror.
