6.53 K
Page 28
They had little fear of attack; they were besieging Oliphant and as far as they were concerned, other armies could fight and die for them. If Savere’s army and its leader, the [Bandit Lady] in charge of the army had any concern, it was to secure the Empress of Beasts. The Siren of Savere had demanded it, so they’d have to do the damn thing. If someone else got to her, they might have to arrange a few accidents before she was fully ensnared.
But that was a concern for tomorrow, and even the [Bandit Lady] had her enjoyments. In fact, she was enjoying herself so much that it was only when she stepped outside to relieve herself that she noticed an issue.
The Saverian [Bandit Lady] looked up from her drink and plate full of rich meat as she raided one of the cooking fires. She frowned, perplexed by an oddity.
Savere had been assigned to the western walls of Oliphant without much siege support, much to her ire. She’d protested it to that upstuck General Thelican, but the damned Stitch-Man had refused to budge. He clearly had his own orders regarding the Empress, so Savere had been put behind the ranks of two other nations’ front lines. Deimos and Nerrhavia’s forces flanked Savere, albeit at a distance to avoid accidental ‘accidents’ involving thieves in their supplies or camps. Again. The [Bandit Lady] had been annoyed by the proximity, but now…she stared around.
There were no camps or fires to her right. Or left. She stared around and saw the glow and activity of armies. But not in front of her. Slowly, she set down her wine cup and stared about.
“…Why are we on the front lines?”
The laughing soldiers around her looked up. One of the [Raid Leaders] stood up. Like the [Bandit Lady], she had near-perfect night vision and she saw the same thing. Savere was the closest army to Oliphant by far.
Every other army had pulled back. In fact, many of them had broken the encirclement and moved closer to Nerrhavia’s army, letting them oh-so-slightly take the lead. In fact, Savere’s army was now treacherously exposed on all sides, including the rear.
“What the fuck’s happening?”
The [Raid Leader] looked nervously at the [Bandit Lady]. The Saverian commander turned. Alarm bells were ringing through her head. She knew bad news when she saw it.
“I don’t know! Shut up! Get the army moving! Move back! Get up you maggot-assed bastards! Someone get me the Siren!”
 
—-
 
Revine, known as the Siren of Tides, or the Siren of Savere, or unofficially, one of the [Bandit Queens] that plagued the world, was furious. She was screaming at one of her slave-[Mages]. The woman was flinching, the magical collar around her neck shining as she used her magic and ducked the objects Revine was hurling at her.
“What do you mean, all the other nations were warned before me? Me? Those damn Archmages—not one of them told me? I had to wait for one of my people to deliver the information?”
“I’m sorry—”
The [Mage] ducked. One of the [Bandit Ladies] in Revine’s almost all-female command ducked, dodging a spray of wine from one of the cups. Revine whirled.
“She’s coming after me? Me? That bitch? That flea-covered—”
She ran out of words and pointed a finger. Everyone ducked as the Siren sent a blast of water into one wall. It blasted a dresser into pieces with the impact of tonnes of water. The Siren made a strangled noise; it had been filled with costly garments. She whirled.
“Queen—Lady Urele wants to know what orders you have.”
