6.53 K
Page 19
The Drake pronounced the words with all the seriousness he had ever heard in her voice. The Strongest of Pomle didn’t blink. He stared ahead, balancing without using his arms.
“How do you know this, Salii?”
Her tail lashed anxiously. She tapped her clipboard, watching his posture, his face.
“I’m a [Secretary], Orjin. It’s my job to know things. I have Skills and contacts.”
The [Martial Artist] frowned. That might be true, but even he was aware of the significance of what Salii was telling him.
“Even within Tiqr’s walls during a siege?”
The Drake paused.
“Let’s just say that there are concerned relatives of the refugees we took in. Pomle might not have fought during the war, but we have given succor to Tiqr’s citizens. And this news isn’t exactly covert. If I know, other nations know. And that conversation won’t be secret either.”
“How so?”
“The conversation. It’s going through Wistram. Tiqr doesn’t have a [Diviner] or [Seer] or anyone capable of sending a [Scrying] spell at the moment. So she has to request a third party to link her scrying mirror with Reim’s.”
“Hm.”
Magic. Orjin waited, thinking.
“…How does this reveal the contents of the conversation to other nations?”
Salii shook her head.
“Besides the fact that Wistram needs to maintain the spell? It’s been said that Wistram watches everything, Orjin. That’s the rumor, at least. They can watch you through your scrying orb, and the Mage’s Guilds send every [Message] to the academy. It’s never been proven, of course. If it was, it would be alarming.”
“I’ve never heard of this rumor.”
“You don’t work in the same circles I do. Orjin, this conversation is significant.”
“Reim is far away from Tiqr. Too far for even a Garuda to fly in a day. You told me Oliphant will be besieged by tomorrow morning. How can the King of Destruction aid Tiqr now? Is the Lord of the Skies nearby?”
The Drake shook her head.
“No. But the conversation is significant. Neither Empress Nsiia nor the King of Destruction have communicated once since Tiqr was attacked. I would have known, believe me. It was what everyone was waiting for. And now? Orjin, I think I might know what Nsiia is planning. Or perhaps the King of Destruction. It’s down to refugees.”
Orjin knew Salii wasn’t going to go away until he asked the question. He wished she’d just say things plainly. Pomle’s warriors didn’t waste time.
“What about them?”
“I’ve been running the numbers. You do know that Pomle has taken in over sixty thousand of Tiqr’s citizens during this war?”
“I know.”
Pomle was small, and the sudden influx of people couldn’t be missed. It had only one major oasis, and all the fleeing citizens had naturally settled around that spot. The training grounds felt overly crowded, for all Salii had done to organize the refugees into a single camp that wouldn’t spread out too far and interrupt Pomle’s warriors’ training. Orjin had moved his camp far away, but he still heard them sometimes on the wind.
“So we have sixty thousand citizens. What of it?”
Salii made an impatient sound.
“It may be a lot to Pomle, but Pomle is barely populated. Orjin, do you know how many people live within Tiqr?”
“No.”
Orjin’s voice was as disinterested as could be. The Drake sighed.
