6.53 K
Page 4
Flos was distracted. He glanced back to the window again. Teres waited. She knew he wanted to ask about the pot, but he’d been like this lately. Hence Gazi not-so-subtly encouraging Teres to snap him out of it. She’d done her best, but in truth, the King of Destruction was simply melancholic today.
The war in Tiqr had dominated the last month, and the King of Destruction’s mood. But his ill-tempered fury and restlessness had given way to a somber, quiet mood these last few days. He exhaled, staring out the window.
“I’m admiring the rain, Teresa. Come, sit. Is it not a wonderful sight?”
Teres raised an eyebrow, but she went over and pulled over a chair. Flos blinked and Teres blushed; she was dragging it through what was this world’s equivalent of a Persian rug. He didn’t seem to really care, but Teres hurriedly lifted the chair up and carried it over to him. She sat and looked out the window. After a moment she coughed.
“It’s been raining. For days. Is it that rare in Reim?”
“Out of season? Unheard of. It’s a beautiful sight, no matter how many times I see it.”
Flos was unmoved by her lack of awe. He watched it rain. After a moment, Teres lifted the pot.
“Look at this.”
The King of Destruction stared at the little pot. It was clay, fired from some oven and given some carvings along the bottom. Not a fine work; some apprentice’s piece. It was also filled with dirt. Something green was poking out of the top. A broad-headed leaf. Flos eyed it.
“Is that a Yellat stalk?”
“Yup. Want to see how big it is?”
Flos hesitated, but Teres was tempting him. He paused, then pulled at the stalk. It came up and both he and Teres exclaimed at the large, fat Yellat. The spicy-tasting, vaguely tubular roots were usually long and narrow, but this one hadn’t been able to grow in the pot, so it had curled up on itself.
“What an unusual shape!”
The [King] was highly amused. He shook dirt off the Yellat, onto the aforementioned rich carpet and stone floor. Teres winced, but the [Servants] could probably get it out. And Flos’ laugh was worth the dirt. He stared at it, bemused.
“Are you attempting to be a [Gardener], Teres? There’s little potential for war in the [Gardener] class, I’ll have you know. Although my [Gardener], Tottenval, could grow the most wondrous of plants. Ah, but if he’d been here, Reim would be blooming eternally.”
He sighed. Teres hurriedly pointed to the Yellat to keep him from backsliding into gloom.
“I planted this seven days ago in my room. I watered it, but I didn’t do anything other than put it by my window. Look how big it is.”
“Yes indeed. Quite tasty. I have a mind to eat it. But of course, Yellats taste horrible raw. I’ll hand it to one of my [Chefs] and have it for dinner. Or a snack.”
Flos good-naturedly tossed it back into the bowl. Teres cleared her throat meaningfully.
“It grew in seven days. Don’t Yellats take…longer?”
“Seventy days. It’s just as well our growing seasons are so long. And that Chandrar has little to no winter. But they don’t take much water. What of it?”
Teres folded her arms. Flos paused.
“Oh, well, I told you. I issued an Edict. The [Edict of Bloom]. Hence…that.”
Flos waved a lazy hand. Teres stared out the window. She knew what Edicts were. A [King]’s order that could encompass a kingdom. But she hadn’t thought it would be this powerful.
“Is that why it’s still raining?”
