6.53 K
Page 7
“Smartphone. And yes, it does. I told you, it’s got hours left. Ever since Ulyse recharged it.”
Teres held the smartphone up, grinning with pure pleasure at the look on Flos’ face. Of course, she’d had her iPhone from the beginning, like Trey. But both their phones had run out of battery within two days of them arriving in this world. They’d only lasted long enough for a very strange chat message with other people from Earth and then gone dead.
The twins had assumed it would be forever, but one of the [Mages] who had recently come to Reim, Ulyse, leader of the [Mage]-group, Parasol Stroll, had tried to fix Trey’s iPhone. And—miracle of miracles—a simple [Repair] spell had charged the smartphones back to full strength! Teres was still amazed; she’d spent all of yesterday on her iPhone, just…playing with it. She’d listened to all her music, looked at all her pictures—
The ones of her family hurt her most. Her family, and friends. She’d tried not to linger on them and it didn’t bother her now. She was focused on Flos’ expression. He’d seen her and Trey waving the smartphones about, but they’d barely been able to explain them to the [King], so excited they’d been. Now he peered at the glowing screen, frowning.
“You showed me the camera when we first met. And you explained the pictures—similar to a [Mage]-image. This little thing can make one?”
“It can take one. Of you, or your people. Anything I want. See? Look—I’m going to take a picture—”
“Yes, yes. And the little picture is what this camera sees. Fascinating. Very disconcerting, too. You’re going to take a picture of my people returning? That’s very appropriate. Worthy of a…picture.”
Flos peered at the image of the world through the screen. Teres nodded.
“If you’ll just let me—”
She held up the iPhone, trying to get the best resolution. It was hard because the image kept refocusing; Flos was excitedly peering at the lens, then stalking around to watch Teres take the picture. He kept shaking his head as she tapped the iPhone, trying to center the shot and zoom in.
“Incredible. A simple spell gives it it’s…energy back? No, wait. Electricity. Charge. You explained it to me. But you told me it was harnessed lightning, not magic!”
“I don’t know why either. Ulyse just cast [Repair] and it worked. Flos, your face is in the way.”
He pulled it out of the way hurriedly.
“Fascinating. And you can take however many you want? Far more efficient than [Artists] or [Mages]!”
“That’s right. Okay, I have a good image.”
The people were getting closer to the city and Teres had framed the balcony, the city, and them. It was fairly good, if she said so herself. She held up the iPhone and then looked at Flos. He was not-quite-subtly standing next to her view of the people in the distance.
“Do you want to be in it?”
“They are my people. And I am a [King]. Shouldn’t I be?”
Teres rolled her eyes, but didn’t debate the point. It was working.
“Alright then! Get ready!”
She refrained from saying, ‘say cheese!’ because it would take too long to explain. To her surprise, Flos immediately stiffened up. He adopted a straight-backed posture, hands at his side, and an almost expressionless face, chin slightly tilted to the open window. It was so—uncharacteristic that Teres had to grin. Flos paused, seeing it.
“What?”
“Why are you standing like that?”
He looked like the very same people captured in old photographs from her world. Not someone taking a selfie or just—posing for a picture. Teres tried to explain, but the King of Destruction didn’t understand what was so funny. He frowned.
“Smile? Pose?”
