6.53 K
Page 26
“You will never conquer Nerrhavia, not with every last citizen. My [Army of the King] will last you a single battle. And Nerrhavia’s armies will drown even the Dreamers of Reim in numbers and the strength of their soldiers.”
“Then we will tear the String People away. Fray them until Nerrhavia is torn. They may not die, but they will bleed for all they are made of cloth. Think of it, King of Destruction. Your foes to the south will be ruined.”
Viltach was trying to speak. Trying to shout in the silence. The horror on his face was a reflection of Feor’s own. Nsiia was pacing. Flos was still.
“These nations made no war on me, Nsiia. If I gave you my strength, I would forswear myself. How would you answer that betrayal?”
For a moment the Empress of Beasts stared into the scrying mirror and the Archmages felt as if she were trying to look for them. Then she shook her head, the same desperate smile upon her face.
“Who would know? We would not write our allegiance on our chests. And why would it matter if we did? Who would gainsay me from asking for your aid today? This is Tiqr’s war. I only ask you to help me end it as I please. I will even declare my loyalty to you tomorrow; give this coalition a chance to flee.”
“They will not. Your words would give them little choice, Nsiia.”
“Just as they gave Tiqr little choice but to be destroyed and enslaved or fight until the end? I call it fair. And I care little for my legacy. My home is already gone. What is your answer, Flos?”
He did not reply. The Archmages sat, frozen. Naili was trying to dispel Feor’s spell, but too rattled to do it properly. Nsiia held out her hand, imploringly.
“I may die tomorrow. Or when I tear the Siren from her throne. Or long after that. Perhaps I will live. But give me the strength, Flos Reimarch. Give me my destruction and Tiqr its end. Do not let us pass from this earth without punishing those who would erase us! You owe us that.”
“That is true.”
The King of Destruction rose. He looked at Nsiia. And he bowed his head. His eyes closed for a long moment. And when he opened them, the King of Destruction’s pupils held a cold depth to them. Feor looked into those depths and saw ruin. Nsiia smiled, baring her teeth. Flos Reimarch paused. And nodded.
“I must think on my reply. You will know my answer by dawn, Empress.”
“Heed my last request, Flos. Ask what you would of me. Name your foe and I will instruct my [General] to follow if I should fall. Let us fall with dignity.”
Nsiia urged Flos. He bowed his head, nodding. Feor barely heard them ending the conversation. He saw Naili fumbling with her staff, then a pop as she dispelled the [Hush] spell. But it was still quiet as both orbs turned clear, empty. The Archmages looked at each other. Then they began to panic.
“She’s going to launch a suicide attack! She’ll destroy the coalition! It’s madness!”
Viltach bellowed, pounding the table. He looked around at Naili and Feor.
“He cannot do this! It violates the spirit of his proclamation of peace!”
“Can’t? All she has to do is declare for him! He can turn her—can he turn her into one of his Seven? He can definitely form a unit. Right? Is she wrong? Tell me she’s wrong.”
Naili was lashing her tail. Feor shook his head.
“He would have said so.”
“He cannot do it. He proclaimed peace!”
“But no one knows about this conversation. And technically, the war against Tiqr was all to curb his power. You could argue that this has always been Reim’s war, fought by proxy—”
