6.53 K
Page 2
He looked irate, as well he might be. Femithain had a copy of the articles and they were astoundingly accurate to what was really going on in Tiqr’s war. It was embarrassing, if not to him personally than the Siren of Savere and Nerrhavia’s [Queen], Yisame. He paused.
“Not personally, General Thelican. Surely locating one outsider is not a difficult task?”
Thelican waved an angry hand, grasping for a goblet of wine.
“You’d imagine so! However, this person seems to be untraceable. Their face? None of my officers can recall it! And they have a rather attractive personality, or so it seems. Skills. I’ve of a mind to set Adventurer Fellbow on the trail, but—”
He looked pointedly at the Named Adventurer. Alked Fellbow raised his head and replied in a gravelly voice.
“I’m not being paid to hunt down civilians. I was contracted for one war. Altering my contract requires a substantial fee.”
“…So he says.”
Thelican dismissed the Named Adventurer with a flick of the fingers. He shook his head, drinking deeply.
“I’ll find this person after the siege is done. They’ll have little to report but our victory in any case! I’ve drawn up our plan of attack. Interested?”
“Mildly.”
Thelican waved another hand; maps were produced and held up by his attendants. He pointed, and Femithain saw.
“We wait for every army to assemble before beginning the siege. A classic envelopment, I think. The walls will not give us much trouble, so I intend to overwhelm the defenders with sheer numbers rather than attack from any one side. I’d prefer to starve out a surrender, to be frank. But Oliphant’s stores might last them weeks, or even months depending on how well-stocked their larders are.”
“You imagine so?”
Thelican shrugged.
“Their city might well be empty save for their army. Hundreds of thousands have already fled west. And more to Pomle. I can’t imagine any would stay in the city knowing what’s coming!”
Some of his officers laughed. Femithain paused. He had seen civilians training, but he nodded anyways. It still wouldn’t matter; Thelican was adopting a simple, but effective tactic. There would be ten full armies assailing Oliphant from all sides. Nerrhavia alone could probably take it over a protracted siege. All together…
“Not to worry, Magus-Crafter. Ere tomorrow, we shall toast each other from Oliphant’s palace, such as it is. And I intend to keep Illivere’s forces back from the fighting! Note the Golems? Your Golems will storm the southern gates, take out any elephants, but you and your [Soldiers] will be well clear of the fighting. Unless you’d prefer to send some in to level them? I can arrange that.”
Thelican mistook Femithain’s scrutiny of the battle plans for worry. Femithain shook his head. he was no [Strategist], but he had noticed some irregularities within Thelican’s plan.
“Illivere’s place is well-set, General Thelican. I was more interested in the positioning of the other armies. I notice Savere is positioned without major support to the west flank. Little [Mage] or [Archer] cover save for their own forces. And no siege ladders.”
The Stitch-[General] paused, and quickly hid his surprise by another gulp of wine.
“Ah, well, Savere’s [Bandit Lady]—dreadful class—has made the same protest. But I am the commanding [General]. And Savere will do well enough alone. They are [Scoundrels] and [Rogues] and so forth, used to city-fighting. In truth, Magus-Crafter, it’s all to do with the conclusion of the battle. The Empress of Beasts. Another order, you see.”
Femithain’s didn’t have to think.
“You want her alive.”
Thelican paused.
