6.53 K
Page 14
Trey sat next to Gazi and began explaining the iPhone’s functions. He felt a bit like a tech salesman, and she was an avid customer. She kept pausing to ask him to demonstrate. Even the calculator doing math made her eyes widen.
“Impressive. What else can it do?”
“I can take videos.”
“Of anything?”
“Yup.”
“Then—record him.”
Gazi nodded out the window. Trey turned and saw she was looking across Reim. Flos was in the main street, visible from their window. He was at the center of a gathering, laughing, touching hands, clasping shoulders with the newcomers. Trey looked at Gazi. Then he slowly raised the phone, zoomed in, and pressed record.
He only took a few seconds of video. When he showed it to Gazi she blinked. It was a bit grainy from a distance; Trey didn’t have the newest model. What version of iPhone was out now he’d been gone for months? But Flos was clearly visible.
“It is a wonder. One my lord doesn’t underestimate, for all he boasts of our magic, I think. Is that forever, Trey?”
“Until you delete it, or the phone breaks. But you can save it other ways, Gazi.”
“I see. May I?”
“Sure.”
Gazi took the iPhone. She had no problem replaying the clip. She smiled at the little video of Flos. It was so genuine that it made Trey feel bad about his casual usage of the smartphone. It was valuable here. And he sat with the half-Gazer for a while.
“It cheered up his Majesty.”
“It did.”
She nodded at last. Trey looked up at her. Gazi offered him his phone back. And then her smile faded.
“Your sister did well, Trey. But my lord will still have to face it. Tiqr falls. But until that moment, let us distract him from it. I only wish…we had this decades past. Maybe then he would not have slumbered so long.”
She indicated the iPhone. Trey looked at it.
“Because…?”
“It would have recaptured his memories of her. And him. And Drevish too. All of us, the ones that fell and linger only in memory.”
Tottenval and Queravia. Two of his Chosen. And Flos had loved Queravia. He loved all of his Seven; they were his family. But Queravia had been special. Of that Trey was sure. He looked up at Gazi’s face.
“Aren’t there pictures of her?”
“There were. But he burned them all. Because they couldn’t capture her. I think he regrets it to this day.”
The young man sat in silence, absorbing this. He looked down at his phone and wondered how much more had been left uncaptured. At last, he looked up.
“She’s his old friend, isn’t she? The Empress of Beasts? And Tiqr’s going to fall.”
“Yes. She was a child when he claimed Tiqr. But he swore to guard Tiqr. Now, it falls because of his oath. So yes, Trey. He is waiting. Waiting for her to ask him for help.”
“And if she does? He swore an oath not to interfere as well. Would he?”
Gazi didn’t reply. She only looked out the window. And then she stood up.
“A message is coming. Follow me, Trey. Hurry.”
 
—-
 
The King of Destruction stood with Ulyse, listening to the [Mage] talk. He was the leader of Parasol Stroll, but in Orthenon’s absence, Ulyse and the other leaders like Gazi had begun filling leadership roles. Among them was settling the new arrivals, all of whom were weary from weeks of travel.
“Many of them are hungry. Most of them have nothing but the clothes they carry and few supplies, if any. They were chased from their homes, sometimes with their possessions confiscated.”
“Wounds? Injuries from travel?”
“Few. There were some casualties. Monster attacks, mainly, but people as well.”
“[Bandits]? On my lands?”
Flos’ brows creased. Ulyse shook his head.
