6.53 K
Page 11
The third time she got to thirty nine but ran into a pipe by tapping too fast. Gazi paused, flexed her hand—her fingers were different from a regular Human’s; there were only four, for one thing, and her orange-brown skin was another feature of her mixed heritage. And the eyes, obviously.
“I think I understand. Now.”
She began tapping. And Teres’ smile faded. Flos watched, nodding to himself and smiling. Trey was just incredulous. Because Gazi started tapping and the bird moved through the pipes perfectly.
Tap, tap, tap. Gazi focused three eyes, then two, and then one. She was counting the score. She passed eighty-three. And then a hundred. And then two hundred. Teres threw up her hands.
“How—”
“Shh! She’s beating your score, Teres!”
She glared at him. Trey watched, delightedly, as did Flos, but Gazi’s intent focus began to waver. She began glancing at the screen with one of her eyes, not even watching with that one.
After a score of three hundred and fifteen, the bird ran into a pipe. Not, Trey thought, because Gazi had made a mistake. She’d just gotten bored. She handed the iPhone back to her [King]. Teres was still in a state of shock.
“How did you—but—that’s not fair! You’ve never even played it before! Trey, did you give her your phone?”
“I don’t even have that stupid game!”
Gazi just shrugged, her rust-colored armor moving on her shoulders. She gave Trey her small smile.
“Skills. It’s a game about seeing ahead. And timing. My lord, I don’t think there’s much to it besides an idle moment’s relaxation.”
“You might be right. But I have to at least break a hundred! If you can do it, a [King] should do no less! Thirty, at least!”
Flos began tapping the screen. But he didn’t have Gazi’s incredible sense of timing or patience. He’d tap too fast, or expect the bird to, well, not, move like it did. The twins saw Flos’ brow furrowing, his expression getting more annoyed by the second. Gazi gave Teres another long stare with one eye.
“Uh, your Majesty. There are other things you can do—”
“I must reach at least thirty! No, forty!”
Flos snapped at Trey. Teres began to look as though she was regretting her prank.
“It’s just a game. And it’s my phone. Here—”
She tried to reach for it, but Flos simply lifted the phone above her reach as he continued to tap and scowl.
“No, Teres. You have thrown down the gauntlet. I must satisfy my pride or I won’t be able to dwell on anything else!”
“See what you’ve done?”
“Shut it! It was funny!”
It was, Trey had to admit. But Teres had misjudged her audience. Flos hated losing. And he began getting more and more frustrated by the comical sound effects and the bird. He started tapping harder, and losing more quickly, despite Teres trying to give him tips so he’d break thirty and stop playing.
“Just stop tapping so hard!”
“I’m not tapping hard. This bird refuses to move properly!”
Flos growled back. Trey saw him stab at the screen to retry. And then it happened.
Tap, tap, crack. Trey froze when he heard the sound. He looked up and saw the iPhone’s screen crack around Flos’ finger. He paused and Teres shouted in horror.
“My phone!”
“What happened? I didn’t tap it too—”
“You shattered it!”
Trey was amazed. He’d seen iPhones break, but never by someone tapping it so hard. But Flos was insanely strong—no, as the King of Destruction lowered the iPhone, Trey saw the metal was slightly bent from where he’d been holding it!
“It’s so weak! What metal is this?”
“I don’t know! How’d you break it?”
“We can fix it. Teres, Ulyse managed to [Repair] it. He can fix the phone. Right?”
