6.53 K
Page 27
Naili was looking at Feor. The Archmage was flicking his fingers, casting [Calm] spells on everyone, including himself. Viltach resisted the spell, but Naili let him cast it on her. Feor sighed as his heartbeat slowed. He thought, employing frigid logic, ignoring his emotions.
“Viltach, calm yourself. The King of Destruction may well grant Empress Nsiia’s request. We should not focus on whether he will, but if he does—we need to send a declaration explaining what has occurred and condemning his actions the instant it occurs.”
“If it occurs. He might say no.”
Viltach was clinging to that. Naili looked at Flos. She shook her head.
“What are the odds when he says yes? The coalition has ten armies outside Oliphant. It’s just one unit, right? The Dreamers of Reim. I’d nearly forgotten about that unit. And the [Army of the King]? Do you know what it does, definitively?”
Feor and Viltach both shook their heads. Viltach muttered, clenching and unclenching his fists.
“Not definitively. But I know it’s his most powerful Skill. And I’ve seen what it does. The Empress of Beasts must know.”
“Can he turn her into one of his Seven? Would that make her even stronger?”
Archmage Feor ignored that. He was recalling the odds, trying to weigh stories about the Dreamers of Reim and historical battles. Six hundred thousand civilians against…he looked up
“We must communicate these facts with our allies. The coalition might be wiped out if they are attacked.”
Viltach and Naili looked at him, palely. The Star Lamia’s tail swished.
“We tell them we know what we heard? Is that wise?”
“If the coalition doesn’t prepare against an attack…fighting the Dreamers on the walls would be suicidal.”
The Human Archmage nodded. He was resigned now, Feor saw.
“Agreed. Who do we warn?”
“Nerrhavia, certainly. The academy has fairly good relations with Queen Yisame and they are the largest check on Reim’s southern borders. Their army is also the one that can shift the battle. Thelican commands. Send a [Message] spell. Highest priority. No—we’ll communicate via speech.”
The other Archmages nodded. Viltach ran a hand through his combed hair, rattled.
“Who else? Illivere.”
“You think so?”
Naili looked at Viltach. He paused.
“Of course. The Federation is a strong ally of Wistram and Magus-Crafter Femithain is a fellow [Mage], even if he never attended the academy.”
“Do you know him?”
“I’ve met him. Very astute. A steadying influence. Willing to make acceptable changes—certainly an ally. Not a powerful one compared to his neighbors, but it would be a heavy loss if he fell. He is in gravest danger since he remains at the front.”
Feor nodded.
“Agreed, I will handle Thelican. Viltach, Illivere?”
“Yes. Naili—”
The Star Lamia frowned.
“Savere? The Siren of Tides has…contacts among some of our members.”
The Archmages paused. They looked at each other. Naili’s face twisted. Viltach shook his head, looking much the same. Feor nodded slowly.
“Savere can wait. Archmage Nailihuaile, speak to Demios’ [King]—and then—”
 
—-
 
The armies surrounding Tiqr were unusually busy as night began to lighten. Dawn was still an hour or two away, but it was odd to see so much movement.
Not in Savere’s camp of course. The infamous Saverian irregulars had little discipline. They were good fighters, but they were, as noted, made up of disreputable classes. Thus, they drank, enjoyed themselves, and ate even on the eve of battle. Slaves circulated the camps, trying not to attract attention, as the ‘soldiers’ ate from plundered goods.
