6.53 K
Page 34
Nsiia whirled. She saw the flinch across hundreds of thousands of bodies. She looked back at her people. And they looked up at her. They were burning. The same look in her eyes reflected in hundreds of thousands of eyes. Nsiia raised her spear.
“This is our end! My people! Tell the world who we were!”
They stared up at her. And then the silence broke. Nsiia’s echoing voice was joined by a scream. A wild, howling sound. It came from them. Like beasts, they shouted, shrieking their anguish.
But they were people! Nsiia’s eyes ran with tears. She raised her spear. And she shouted the word at her people.
“Tiqr!”
They bellowed it back. Nsiia turned. The army in front of it flinched. The word came from Nsiia and her people. A roar.
“Tiqr!”
She lifted her spear higher. This time something tore in her throat. The word itself was pain.
“Tiqr!”
The skies shook. Ten nation’s armies quivered. Nsiia looked up at the sky. She pointed and screamed his name.
“King of Destruction! Flos of Reim!”
Thunder. Nsiia moved forwards. Femithain was holding his ground. She strode towards him, slowly. He met her eyes. His Golems readied themselves. And behind her, Tiqr’s last army prepared to charge. She could see [Archers] in Nerrhavia’s ranks drawing back, preparing to loose. Nsiia was two hundred feet away. She raised her spear, and Femithain lifted his staff.
Nsiia raised her spear over her head. She grasped the Tusk of Tiqr with both hands.
And then she flung it on the ground. She saw the ivory spear bounce on the hard dirt. And she looked up. Femithain paused. Empress Nsiia plucked the headband from her head. The enchantment broke and she shrank.
She walked towards him. Her people watched. The army in front of her had frozen uncertainly. Nsiia closed the distance. Femithain moved forwards.
They met in silence. He waited. Nsiia raised her voice. She tasted blood. But each word was clear in the silence.
“I am Empress Nsiia of Tiqr. I accept Magus-Crafter Femithain’s demand of unconditional surrender. Tiqr surrenders completely to the Illivere Federation.”
She looked up at him. Femithain blinked. Behind him, Thelican fell off his command pedestal. His army turned into a field of statues. From their room, the Archmages looked up, waxworks.
Nsiia raised one hand. Behind her, Tiqr’s citizens threw down their weapons. They wept, removing the armor, looking at their [Empress].
Femithain looked at Nsiia. Her eyes were bright. He stared at the citizens of Tiqr, surrendering. It occurred to him he’d never had a full conversation with just him and Nsiia. And this was a poor time for it. Still, he looked at her.
“You told me to flee.”
“I did not take you for a coward. Why did you stay after my [Message]?”
She half-smiled, looking at him. Femithain shrugged.
“I don’t believe you would have told me to flee if you planned to attack. You would have made me pay for Illivere’s part in this war.”
“True.”
That was all they said. Nerrhavia’s ranks were moving, advancing uncertainly. Illivere could see Armsmaster Dellic staring at his back, advancing with Illivere’s tiny army. The Magus-Crafter looked at Nsiia.
“You spoke to the King of Destruction. You asked for his strength. What did he tell you?”
Nsiia shook her head. She looked northeast, towards the rising sun.
“I thought he would give it to me. But he didn’t. He told me—he had seen enough pointless death. He told me to wait. To live. Until the day he returned Tiqr to itself.”
“He’s changed.”
