6.53 K
Page 0

He had rather liked her. But that seldom mattered. Sometimes, he thought that Chandrar was, of all the continents, the most foolish. Not because their people were the most impoverished, the most warlike, or their cultures any more backwards than those of other nations.
All you had to do was look at Izril’s divided continent, or Baleros’ endemic wars or even the hidebound orders of [Knights] in Terandria. Rhir alone was built on a stubborn refusal to abandon a battle without victory. No, what separated Chandrar was ego.
He had liked Nsiia, though they had talked so briefly. But he could admire her kingdom. What it had been. Yet, where she erred was simply in refusing to bow. That was Chandrar’s issue. It’s leaders could be humble, or proud, and pride clashed with pride until only one was left. And that left only expediency.
Magus-Crafter Femithain was tired. Tired of blood and gore. Tired of death, of hounding a foe almost as stubborn as the Golems he crafted. But it was the end. Evening was falling as he stood on the plains surrounding Oliphant, the capital of Tiqr.
The city was built upon one of the few natural rivers in this region, which had given Tiqr its life. It had fed the city. Now, the river was dammed, to starve the defenders of water. And the city’s gates were barred, the sandstone walls held. But it seemed a paltry army compared to the one outside the city.
From where he stood in the coalition’s camp, Femithain could see the vast Nerrhavian army. Nearly three hundred thousand strong; replenished after General Thelican had realized Tiqr would not roll over easily. The Magus-Crafter could also see into Oliphant; his spectacles magnified, zooming in on a crowd of civilians. Badly-armed, being shown the basics of holding a spear.
He grimaced. Oliphant hadn’t been fully evacuated. When the coalition’s army went over the walls—and they would—it might be a slaughter.
“If you had but condemned him…”
Femithain fell silent. Perhaps it would have changed nothing. Tiqr might have been offered up anyways, a target simply by association with the King of Destruction. But even now, they had not begged for Reim’s help. They had not declared themselves for Flos. It made monsters of the armies invading Tiqr; gave them no cause for war. Femithain was well aware of the hypocrisy, but it was join forces or be made a target. And Illivere was not a nation that stood alone.
Still, if these were regrets, they had been had before. Femithain walked through the Nerrhavian camp. He was challenged four times by [Soldiers], the closer he came to the center. But they recognized him and waved him past.
The heart of Nerrhavia’s camp was little like the military discipline of the outside. Slaves and servants attended to the officers, who lounged about, chatting, enjoying themselves while their [Soldiers] attended to the needs of their army. It fit with Nerrhavia’s system; authority was rewarded.
Thus, Femithain only had to steer himself towards the largest tent. Even the war-tent wasn’t as large as General Thelican’s quarters. The magical cloth rustled and warm air—warm instead of the night’s slight chill—instantly surrounded the Magus-Crafter. Femithain looked around.
General Thelican was reclining on a sofa, brought by a bag of holding, attended to by eight servants. He was not alone; a number of his officers were conversing with him. Silk-caste, superior in movement and appearance, if not quite as sturdy as the Stitch-Warriors made of Hemp. Femithain knew he was plain compared to them.
