6.53 K
Page 9
“Gazi! Gazi, come see this! Could you ever imagine me making such a face?”
Flos thrust the iPhone at Gazi. She blinked, staring at the device. Then she focused on the imagine on screen. It took her a second. But then she grinned. Her sharp teeth and four smaller eyes focused around the large, shut eye in her head. The half-Gazer stared at the image of Flos.
And then she laughed. It was quiet, and instantly drowned out by Flos’ bellow of laughter. Trey saw Teres standing behind Flos. She waved at him, grinning and mouthing something. He nodded.
She’d done it. And Flos was laughing. Gazi looked at Flos, shaking her head.
“You look ridiculous, my lord.”
“I know! What a sight! It’s one of these pictures! Teres took one—Trey! You didn’t tell me these devices were capable of such things!”
“They can do a lot more than that. That’s just a bad picture, your Majesty.”
“What? It’s fantastic! It needs to be kept forever! Can I somehow duplicate this? Is that—where’d it go?”
The screen had timed out and turned dark. Flos looked alarmed. Teres took the smartphone back.
“It’s still here. The screen just went dark. I don’t think there’s a printer in this world, but it’s saved. Maybe an [Artist] can copy this? I told you these can do a lot more than you could imagine.”
“I believe it. But you were so delighted yesterday—by all means, show me one of these devices from your world! And everyone walks around with them?”
“Most people. I told you Earth’s technology was advanced.”
“Yes, but this is astounding! It’s one thing to hear of it, the other to see. Very well, show me something else. I still maintain that magic can work wonders your world lacks. Like creating water. How do you manage in droughts?”
Flos handed the iPhone back. Teres unlocked it and then gave Trey a look he knew all too well.
“Well, we have photos—and video—and all kinds of useful stuff like calculators and so on. But we also have games.”
Trey groaned.
“Teres, maybe—”
She elbowed him, hard. Gazi looked at them with one eye; another was fixed on Flos, the other two looking at the people clustered in the doorway, trying not to peek. They vanished as they saw Gazi looking at them. Flos frowned.
“Games?”
Teres grinned wickedly. She was going to try to take Flos down a peg. Trey groaned. Then he groaned louder when he saw where she was going.
“You tap on the screen, like so, see? And that makes the phone do all sorts of things.”
“I see, I see. Not hard at all! Look! I’ve taken a photo!”
“Of my arm. Okay, you can do that later. But look! I have one of the games people play in my world. It’s a competitive game, actually…want to try?”
“Certainly. I enjoy games. But how will it fit on such a small thing, I wonder? No—wait—just show me. I can’t wait.”
Flos smiled. Trey watched with a dull incredulity. She was actually doing it. Teres tapped on the app with a wicked grin that escaped only Flos in the room. She opened the app and the King of Destruction read the name.
“Flappy Bird? Is that a…bird?”
Trey covered his face. Teres smiled wickedly.
“It’s one of the easiest games. All you do is tap on the screen, see? And the bird goes up—”
“What are those green things? Is that…supposed to be the sky behind it? And that is a bird? It looks nothing like—well, I suppose some fish—”
Flos objected as he tried to grasp the game. Teres tried to explain the nature of warp pipes and artificial games to Flos. Trey just watched. Soon, Flos was watching Teres tap on the screen. She had a high score of eighty three, a personal best.
