6.53 K
Page 12
Teres was nearly in tears. It was her smartphone, and the screen was shattered. One of her few possessions from earth besides her clothes. Flos took one look at her face and whirled.
“[Repair] fixes most objects. And Ulyse is a master. Gazi, summon Ulyse at once! Run!”
Trey stared in surprise. But the half-Gazer didn’t wait for a second question. She took a running start, ran past Flos, and jumped out Trey’s window.
“Gazi!”
The young man ran to the window. He saw Gazi hit the ground—four stories down. She landed in a crouch, and then sprinted forwards. She was headed towards the streets. Flos was at Trey’s back.
“Ulyse must be down there. Come! We’ll meet him. Make way!”
He suited action to words. He was running down the hallway, holding the iPhone like a broken bird. Servants leapt out of the way, some shouting an alarm. The King of Destruction just bellowed for them to clear the hall and they did. Trey and Teres ran after him, more confused than anything.
Ulyse met Flos at the palace’s entrance. He was panting; he must have sprinted through the city!  Gazi pointed and he strode towards Flos.
“Your Majesty, what is the issue?”
“This device. I’ve broken it. Can you repair it with a spell?”
“The phone?”
Ulyse looked alarmed as Flos showed him the cracks and dents. He inspected it.
“I have no idea how it functions, but I can cast the same [Repair] spell, your Majesty. I have a few others I can try if it fails.”
“Then do so.”
Flos handed the iPhone to Ulyse and stood back. The [Mage] levitated it up, lifting his colorful parasol. Trey and Teres, panting, caught up to watch him slowly tap the phone with the tip of his parasol.
“[Repair].”
The iPhone twirled in the air and then the cracks began to seal. The indented metal pushed outwards, reforming into the original shape. Ulyse caught the phone as it lowered and peered at it.
“It seems normal. But I cannot tell. This spell takes more magic than I would have imagined for such an object. Nevertheless. Your Majesty?”
“Teres?”
Flos didn’t take the phone. Teres took her smartphone with shaking hands and pressed the power button. Nothing happened.
“Hold it down, Teres.”
Trey urged her. She did, and after an agonizing second, they both saw the familiar logo appear. They exhaled. Flos looked at them urgently.
“Is it fixed?”
“Let me check—um—um—yes! It’s back! All my apps, my pictures! It’s even kept the high score! Thank you, Ulyse!”
Teres turned to the [Mage]. He wiped sweat from his brow, smiling.
“My pleasure, Miss Teres.”
“And mine. Teres, I apologize for damaging it.”
Flos inclined his head gravely to Teres. The twins stared up at him. He looked truly contrite. And he’d practically set up half the palace in alarm running to get Ulyse. People were still streaming out of the doors asking Gazi what had happened! It was ludicrous—
Until Trey looked at Flos and thought about what he was thinking. Flos was looking at Teres, the relieved look on her face as she swiped through her photos. And at her iPhone. He saw how much it meant to her.
And—it really was valuable. Unique. Even if Trey had one, Teres’ iPhone had data no one else did. Perhaps only she, in the entire world, had that game on her phone. It was a strange thought. Flos nodded, meeting Teres’ eyes.
“It truly is an irreplaceable artifact. And I will not be tapping on it any more. Clearly, some of the…activities have merit. These pictures and video? I would pay the cost of a hundred scrying orbs for such a device! The bird-thing not so much. Teres?”
“It’s okay. I mean, it’s fine. Thank you, Ulyse, again. And you, your Majesty.”
