6.53 K
Page 16
“At a sprint, sir! They’re moving fast—”
“Armored?”
“Yes—”
“Bows?”
Flos was stroking his chin. The [Rider] shook her head. The King of Destruction sighed.
“Typical, then.”
“What’s the message this King Fetohep wants to send, Flos?”
Teres’ question made the people around her stare at her. The King of Destruction turned his head.
“The army is the message, Teres. I should imagine he wishes to force me to speak with him about some issue. I can imagine…but I’m occupied. And I do not care for Fetohep. We do not get along.”
He folded his arms, frowning. The [Rider] looked from Ulyse to Gazi. The half-Gazer held up a hand and turned to Flos. Her eyes were moving, Trey saw. If you wanted to know what was happening next, all you had to do was watch Gazi’s eyes.
One of her eyes always looked at her [King] when he was nearby, but the other three usually roamed, looking for threats or focusing on other people. Now, two were pointed the other way. Through her skull. Trey shuddered, but he traced the path of her gaze and saw—
“My lord, another group of riders. Armed. Forty in number. The Quarass of Germina.”
“Now?”
Flos blinked at Gazi. But then he turned and saw them too. A group of mounted people were riding towards Reim. Trey saw that most of them were adults, but two were small. Child-sized. A boy and a girl, he knew, even if he couldn’t make them out. The King of Destruction nodded.
“It seems this new Quarass isn’t the type to waste time. And her arrival is fortuitous. Ill-timed, but—let us greet her.”
“Your Majesty, what about the army?”
The [Rider] panicked as Flos strode towards the north gate, leading the crowd with him. The [King] glanced back.
“I will deal with it. They are all on foot, aren’t they? Fetohep wouldn’t send twenty thousand riders.”
“No, Majesty—”
“Then they will wait while I greet the Quarass. Attend to me. What is your name, [Messenger]?”
“Finl Ulesey, your Majesty! I was born in Hellios, but my father fought in your armies.”
The young woman’s eyes lit up. Flos smiled.
“Well met, Finl! Now, all of you, with me. Trey, Teres, don’t dawdle! Keep up!”
He strode forwards, and like a river, his subjects, Ulyse, Gazi, Finl, Trey, and Teres all followed. Flos spread his arms, smiling, as the Quarass of Germina and her escort entered the gates of his city.
“Quarass of Germina! What brings you to Reim? My greetings upon you!”
The booming voice made the forty-some people look up. They were all citizens of Germina. And months ago, they had been enemies of Flos. He had killed the last Quarass, and the burning gazes some of them gave him were proof of their lingering enmity. But—Trey had been to Quarass. And if their hatred for Flos was a burning candle, it was nothing to their admiration for the Quarass.
The Quarass had died. But she had been found again. And the new Quarass was a young girl. No more than a child. She was dismounting from her horse with the help of two people—a young boy, practically a street tough, and a noblewoman. Two of her sacred protectors, sworn to guard her with their lives.
The third stood before her. The Quarass waited until she was on the ground. Then, her escort moved back, kneeling in the street. And the young girl walked forwards. She paused in front of Flos and inclined her head. Just so.
“King of Destruction. I thank you for your greetings. May the Shield Kingdoms ward you. Germina gives you its greetings, King Reimarch. As do I. I have come to speak with you of matters of state.”
