6.53 K
Page 30
Thelican shouted for maps. Femithain waited, seeing Heic turn to him. He felt someone touch his arm and turned. Dellic was insistent, pointing back towards Illivere’s army, which had broken camp.
“Magus-Crafter, we must evacuate you as well. You cannot be endangered! You should retreat with your personal Golems. I will send some of our elites as an escort. Allow me command of the Golems.”
“No. My responsibility keeps me at the front.”
Femithain cut Dellic off flatly. The man inhaled, his face pale—and General Heic pushed his way forwards.
“Magus-Crafter! A word! This can’t be serious. We’re running about as if we’re about to fight a battle for our lives! And my soldiers are on the front! Thelican’s put his entire army between him and Oliphant—is the man terrified for his life or—”
Femithain grabbed Heic. Thelican had been accosted by a [Strategist], but panic or not, Heic’s words were a deadly insult. And the String People of Nerrhavia paid insults with blood.
“General Heic, silence. Dellic, with me. Move the army forwards. Golems to the front!”
He practically towed Heic out of the circle of command. Heic spluttered, but fell silent. Femithain strode with him towards the front.
“This can’t be serious. My [King] just sent me a [Message] spell—the King of Destruction? Aiding Tiqr? Now? Is this a serious threat?”
“I heard the same, General Heic. And I take it quite seriously. It is an act of desperation. And consequential—but there is reason for it.”
“But we’ve ten armies! She’s got barely—”
Femithain whirled, out of patience for once. Dellic returned at a trot. The Magus-Crafter looked at both men.
“Have you ever seen the Dreamers of Reim, Armsmaster Dellic? General Heic?”
Deimos’ [General] shook his head uneasily. So did Dellic. Femithain pursed his lips.
“I have. Or rather, I’ve seen their aftermath. They are the strongest of the King of Destruction’s personal units. It is an unbreakable force, who bear the dreams of their fallen comrades. Every Dreamer fights with the strength of their cause, their fallen comrades, friends, and loved ones giving them power. They become faster, harder to kill, and more deadly the stronger their conviction.”
Heic opened his mouth, paling. Femithain spoke over him.
“It was said that when the King of Destruction led them, they could walk through a hail of ordinary arrows without falling. They could shatter stone with their fists and fight for a day without rest!”
“Golems can do that too, Magus-Crafter.”
Dellic gritted his teeth. Femithain looked at him.
“Yes they can, Armsmaster. But we have hundreds of Golems. In theory, we could be fighting six hundred thousand Dreamers, if the King of Destruction’s Skill works on all of them at once.”
The two men fell silent. Femithain looked at them.
“The Dreamers of Reim follow a great cause; once, it was the King of Destruction’s will to unite Chandrar, and the world. The desire of Tiqr’s people to follow their [Empress] into battle might be even stronger at this moment.”
“Then why are we not retreating?”
General Heic finally understood the danger. He looked back at his own force, far to the left. Femithain watched as his Golems marched forwards, giants of stone, sand, and wood.
“Because we are committed, General Heic. And because the Dreamers are not invincible. We can win this battle. The second Unit that I was informed might appear are the Sorcelled Blades. Another of the King of Destruction’s unique forces.”
“He has two?”
