6.53 K
Page 6
He wanted to, Teres and Trey could see it in every line of his being, the way he hung on reports from Tiqr and discussed strategy with Gazi and Orthenon when he returned from managing Hellios on occasion. But he couldn’t intervene, not without breaking his promise. And that might lead to every nation in Chandrar attacking Reim.
Teres was about to suggest Flos eat the Yellat, or show her one of his Skills, but the King of Destruction had turned to look out the window. She expected him to make some other rain-related comment, but suddenly, he sat up and pointed.
“Look. My people are returning.”
The King of Destruction stood as Teres turned. In the distance, buffeted by the rain, she could see…Teres had to squint. Her eyes weren’t nearly as good as Flos’, but she saw a thin line through the drizzle at last.
“Another group?”
“It looks that way. They’re coming from the north. They must be exhausted.”
“The patrols probably already spotted them.”
Teres was sure of it; no one would have made it this far without being seen, but the King of Destruction was already turning. He clapped his hands once.
“Your Majesty?”
The door instantly opened and a [Servant] appeared. Flos turned.
“…Mizzi?”
“Yes, your Majesty!”
The woman beamed. Flos nodded, smiling.
“Send someone to escort my people into the city. [Healers] should ride out—and [Riders] with wagons to carry them if there are young or old amongst them. Have the [Chefs] prepare food! Oh, and cook this, will you? I want to eat it.”
“At once, sire!”
The [Servant] didn’t even look twice at the Yellat that Flos handed her, although she did notice Teres’ dirty cup. But she rushed out, and another [Servant] replaced her.
“Will there be anything else, your Majesty? Shall I send someone to remove the dirt or cup…?”
“Leave the dirt for later. Do you want your cup back, Teres?”
“Take it.”
The [Servant] bowed. Teres found herself alone with the King of Destruction once more. He sat back down; already, someone was riding out from Reim’s gates towards the group of refugees.
“From all across Chandrar they are coming, Teres. It almost makes the news of Tiqr easier to swallow. This is my peace. My people return to me. Do you see?”
Teres nodded. It was one of hundreds of such caravans that had come to Reim this month, and many had numbers in the thousands. Flos’ subjects, all those who still thought well of the King of Destruction, had left their homes and made the long journey to Reim. Many were still coming; they were sheltered by his proclamation of peace.
“So you have an army.”
“I have a kingdom. Some will fight. But many will simply settle in Reim, Germina, or Hellios. My nation was worn away by my slumber; this will return it to its glory.”
Flos corrected Teres, smiling. Then he paused again.
“Tiqr will fall tomorrow. So I feel. Nsiia is cornered in her capital. I have been to Oliphant. Unless it has changed drastically, it will not last long.”
Teres sighed. Flos was worse than a dog with a bone. She fished around in her pocket. She hadn’t wanted to use her trump card just yet, but it was time. Slowly, she pulled out a smooth, rectangular object.
“Your people are nearing the city. Are you going to greet them?”
“In a moment.”
“Well, then why don’t I take a picture? Of your citizens?”
“Take a what? Oh!”
Flos turned. His eyes widened as he saw Teres holding her iPhone. She held it up, the little camera light shining. Teres smiled triumphantly as the King of Destruction did a double-take, looking towards the balcony.
“Your phone! Does it still have its energy?”
