6.53 K
Page 15
“Not Reim, your Majesty. But their homeland. They were safe within Jecrass; King Raelt gave them free passage, even allowed them to barter for supplies. But many have become targets.”
“They must arrive safely, Ulyse. They are my people. Send word to the borders; patrols are to escort any claiming my sanctuary.”
The [Mage] nodded. Flos turned and looked at the [Healer].
“How fare my subjects?”
“Well enough, your Majesty. But some are weak. They will need recovery.”
Flos clicked his fingers.
“Bring out stamina potions!”
“We need not use them, your Majesty. They can recover in time.”
The [Healer] protested. Flos shook his head.
“What use are potions, if not to be used? Split them, by all means, but give any one in need of them a dose. And send word that we require more [Builders] from Hellios and Germina. Send them to colonize all the old villages and richest farmlands first. Speaking of which, how fairs Hellios?”
He addressed that question to Teres. She looked up from taking pictures of some of the refugees.
“Um—Orthenon says the country’s dissidence is mainly taken care of, your Majesty. Queen Calliope—”
“Former Queen. She abdicated.”
“—Is complying. She’s not happy, but Hellios is supplying…supplies. And Germina’s doing the same. Even better, actually. The Quarass has it all under control. She’s been asking to see you, actually.”
Flos smiled.
“Fair enough. Tell Orthenon I need him free to work elsewhere soon. Have that upstart [Prince] manage his own kingdom, perhaps. Or not, if he cannot be trusted. But I would rather have Hellios supplying resources and soldiers than be a thorn in my side later on. As for the Quarass—no doubt she has her lands under control. She does have the experience of the old Quarasses to draw on. She will seek me out when she is ready. Tell Orthenon to deal with her politely but decline her requests for my audience.”
“I’ll tell him, your Majesty.”
Teres blushed. She was tasked in keeping in touch with the [Steward]. Flos nodded at her, smiling. And then his head turned.
“What now?”
Someone was riding towards them down the street. Teres looked up and Ulyse turned, twirling his parasol. Gazi and Trey were hurrying from the castle at the same time.
“Your Majesty! Your Majesty!”
“What news? A [Message]?”
Flos called at the woman. The [Rider] drew up in front of Flos as Ulyse stepped forwards, shielding the two with his parasol. Some of Flos’ subjects were also wary, but the [Rider] was too panicked to care.
“We’re under attack! An army of twenty thousand to the west! They’ve crossed Reim’s borders!”
“What?”
Teres turned cold. She fumbled for her phone, staring at Flos. He looked up, his eyes full of alert. And then he paused.
“The west—”
Gazi appeared by his side. Flos turned to look at her.
“Gazi—”
“I heard, my lord. The west? Was it the message you desired?”
“No. No. Mine comes from further west still. And south. But the west—that can only mean one thing.”
Flos looked at Gazi. He and she chorused at the same time, along with Ulyse.
“Khelt.”
The [Mage] looked resigned as he lowered his parasol. Flos just frowned absently, Gazi smiled slightly. There was an uneasy murmur from the people around Flos.
“Where? I know the name, but where’s that?”
“It’s—the nation—west—of Reim. Exactly west.”
Trey clutched at a stitch in his side, panting. Gazi looked approving. Flos just sighed. He didn’t look alarmed. If anything, he seemed annoyed.
“King Fetohep is sending me a message, it seems. He had a knack for choosing the worst times. Normally I’d quite enjoy receiving it. But not now. Rider, how fast is the army moving?”
