6.54 K
Page 20
“You have the King of Destruction’s ear. That alone makes you the same level as a [Lord] or even a [Prince]. You are important, more so than you told me. You did not tell me you were his personal servants, trusted friends who spoke to him as equals.”
“Well, not as equals—”
“You two ride with the King of Destruction?”
Khalid interrupted, staring at Trey and Teres. The young man hesitated.
“…Sometimes?”
“And he grants you the privilege of addressing him? You two?”
Vaitsha blinked. Calac looked up silently and nodded. Teres looked at Trey.
“He lets everyone address him as equals, right Trey?”
“Right. It’s not…”
The two twins trailed off. Nawali was looking around. Calac shook his head. Vaitsha spoke slowly.
“The King of Destruction keeps few by his side. Informality or not, he named you as his two trusted friends. Then, you are much like his vassals. His Seven. A [Lord] would do well to bow before you. I am Highborn of Ger, and thus lower in station.”
She bowed deeply. Then Vaitsha gave Khalid a significant look. The young boy sat up, looking alarmed, then copied Vaitsha’s bow. He gave Trey a look of deep suspicion and clamped his lips shut.
Trey sighed. He was happy to talk to Nawali—when they weren’t in the company of others. She seemed wary of the Germinans, and of Calac for that matter. Teres was shifting, about to ask something else that would probably get them in hot water. Calac was scowling and the two Germinans looked at everyone as if they were potential enemies. It was almost a relief when a [Servant] came to summon Teres and Trey out of that room.
“The King of Destruction wishes to see you.”
The two twins stood up. Nawal gave Trey a narrow-eyed look and he flushed, searching for an excuse. But there really wasn’t one, so he hurried out of the room. In the silence that followed, Nawal twitched her veil. Calac sipped some tea and scowled. Khalid and Vaitsha waited. After a while, she coughed.
 
—-
 
Trey and Teres entered the room where Flos and the Quarass were sitting. They came in slowly, aware of the Quarass’ presence. When Trey saw the small girl sitting across from the King of Destruction, he nearly laughed. Until she looked up and stared at him. Then he stared into her old eyes, shuddered, and remembered.
She was the Quarass born again. He slipped into the room behind Teres and bowed. Teres did not.
“You wanted to see us, Flos?”
The Quarass’ gaze flicked sharply to Teres’ face. Trey winced, but Teres refused to address Flos by his title. Nor did the King of Destruction insist. Indeed, he smiled and gestured to two more chairs that had been set out.
“Yes indeed! Come in and sit, Trey, Teres. Have you greeted the Quarass’ companions?”
“Highborn Vaitsha and Khalid? Yeah. We met them.”
“Excellent. I hope you will become their friends. They fulfill a similar role to the Quarass as you two have with me.”
Trey bit his lip and Teres coughed. The Quarass was looking from Flos to them, and especially at Teres. Trey recalled that Teres had helped set up the scenario in which she was reborn. He looked at the King of Destruction.
“Your Majesty, um, what happened at Tiqr? Has the siege ended?”
Flos’ face froze for a second, and then he sighed.
“It has fallen. But Nsiia lives.”
“Oh! That’s…good?”
The twins looked at each other, worried. Flos sighed.
“Yes. I suppose it is the best I could have wished for. Nsiia asked me that I might help her end Tiqr, in death and destruction. But I could not. So Tiqr falls and she is captive. But she lives. That is the cost of my peace so far.”
“You could have helped her, though. Right?”
