6.54 K
Page 25
What was Flos thinking? Was he thinking? Trey had to believe so. He tried to obfuscate, but the Quarass dragged the words out of him. He couldn’t not tell her, and Trey began to worry she was doing something to him. After he began chattering about nuclear weapons and radiation, he was certain. He couldn’t stop.
“I see. Enough. How many nations fill your world? How large are the armies?”
“Well, there’s a million soldiers in China’s army, it’s the largest—”
What was scariest was the way the Quarass seemed to believe every word coming out of Trey’s mouth. And that she believed it, and still, hearing of nuclear weapons, of planets and people landing on the moon, she didn’t react. Trey was certain it was a mask, a poker face, but he couldn’t see past it.
She didn’t even flinch when he told her about the population of Earth. Her eyes never left Trey’s face. He guessed she was trying to tell if he was lying about anything. She made him tell her about nations, history, and then technology like his phone. The carriage’s dark interior lit up as he showed her some pictures from Earth.
That was when he saw the child come out. The Quarass leaned forwards, staring at the foreign pictures, and then demanded to play the game Flos had talked about. Trey didn’t have Flappy Bird, but he had other apps. For half an hour he watched her play Candy Crush and shatter his high-scores like Gazi had with Teres. He saw her smile, and then glance up at him and school her face to expressionless again.
She was a child at times. It leaked out of her when she was unguarded. But other times she was the ruler, stone-faced, piercing eyes. But after a while, she began to relax a bit in Trey’s presence and he in hers.
She wasn’t very haughty. From hearing about Queen Calliope of Hellios and her son from Teres, Trey had expected the Quarass to be at least a bit arrogant. Or spoiled, even, being a child. But the Quarass seemed content for him to ask her questions.
“Um, so you’re the Quarass of Germina. The old one—”
“Died. Yes. Do you know what a Quarass is, Trey Atwood?”
“Not entirely. Teres told me about how you were…summoned?”
“Reborn.”
“Right. And Flos—King Reimarch—he told me the Quarasses all share the same memory. You remember all the old Quarass’ lives. And you rule a Shield Kingdom.”
“Germina. One of four remaining. This is all correct.”
“So you remember…everything?”
“Yes.”
She waited. Trey hesitated.
“Like, everything or just…”
The Quarass sighed slightly. She stared at Trey and pointed to his side.
“You have an aura of magic about you. You are a practicing [Mage]. Do you carry a magical item?”
“I have a training wand Gazi lent me—”
“Give it to me.”
Trey did. The Quarass inspected the wand dismissively. Then she pointed it.
“I have never cast a spell in this body. But my fifth predecessor before me was a [Mage] of some talent. In times past I have been far greater. In one, I was even considered as a possible [Archmage]. The memory of each spell rests within me. [Light].”
A shimmering orb of soft yellow light filled the carriage. Trey gasped; it was a beautiful glow, far better than the light from this phone. The Quarass nodded.
“That is a simple spell. This is a Tier 5 spell. [Pestilence’s Touch].”
She pointed the wand at him. Trey shouted in horror, but it was too late. The wand’s tip pressed into his chest.
“What are—”
He jerked backwards. The Quarass lowered the wand. There was a sound from the front.
“Quarass?”
“Silence. I am well.”
“Yes, Quarass.”
