6.54 K
Page 30
A second army, twenty thousand strong, was sprinting straight towards Reim’s borders. Only now did Trey realize that the valley was practically strewn with bodies. How long had Reim’s soldiers been fighting? Since this morning? The Quarass nodded as Flos and his soldiers reset their formation.
“Khelt’s armies are endless and undying. They are made up of every one of Khelt’s own that has ever died. The King of Destruction could fight this battle day and night and Fetohep would not cease. It looks as though four such armies have already fallen to his vassals. We will continue on before they tire.”
She clicked her fingers and the driver uneasily moved the carriage forwards. Trey gulped, but the Quarass pointed impatiently.
“Towards the undead.”
“Quarass?”
She turned her head to look at the Germinan man. Slowly, without saying a word. He flinched and moved the carriage forwards, slowly at first. The twenty thousand Kheltian [Soldiers] were coming right at them. Trey yelped and closed the carriage door. But the Quarass just leaned out of hers. She raised her voice at the mass of screaming undead charging towards them, weapons drawn—
“Fetohep. I seek an audience on behalf of Reim.”
The undead split at the last second, streaming past the carriage as the horses reared. The Quarass sat back as Trey and the driver both froze. Then the undead were gone and Flos was laughing as he led a second charge into their ranks. The Quarass looked at Trey, smiling at his white face. And then she clicked her fingers at the driver.
“Keep moving. Khelt’s capital is yet hours away. Follow the road. It is paved.”
“Yes, Quarass.”
The carriage kept moving. It passed from Reim’s dusty land into—well, more of the same. Trey expected the earth to darken, perhaps the sky to cloud over. But Khelt looked much like Reim. At least for the moment. The border was uninhabited, but nevertheless, Trey felt a chill as their carriage rolled forwards.
The Quarass closed the carriage door. She looked at Trey and calmly sat back.
“Now we are in Khelt’s lands. The King of Destruction has sent you with me to impress King Fetohep.”
“I don’t think I can. I’m not impressive! I don’t know why Flos wanted me to come!”
Trey clutched at his stomach. It was suddenly hurting a lot. The Quarass studied him.
“I see some reason to it. But if he has not educated you as to Khelt’s nature, I will do so. Khelt is a necrocracy, one of two remaining in this world. Perhaps one, depending on your definition of the word. They are an ancient kingdom whose borders are seldom questioned.”
“I can see why.”
The Quarass nodded.
“They are not a Shield Kingdom. Germina is older. Nevertheless, Khelt is powerful, as you can see. Fetohep is latest of a line of their rulers. He is six hundred years old.”
“Six hundred—”
The Quarass waved away the number as Trey’s eyes bulged.
“He is younger than me. I warn you, make no insult to his appearance. Nor to Khelt.”
“Do you think I will?”
Trey was deeply worried. The Quarass considered the question.
“By your ignorance, you may, but ignorance is different from disrespect. Fetohep will accept ignorance. But he will take offense should you malign his kingdom or people in any way. As for formalities—I will make excuses for you. Treat Fetohep with the utmost respect. You may address him as ‘King Fetohep’, or his ‘Eternal Majesty’. Again, make no comment about his appearance. Do you know how to bow?”
“Um—”
“Stand up.”
Trey did, gingerly, in the carriage. The Quarass pursued her lips.
“Show me your bow.”
