6.54 K
Page 6
“Illivere would naturally support Nerrhavia’s claim. Its armies have made the greatest contributions to the war.”
“Really? To Oliphant and—how much of Tiqr?”
Thelican was interested. New land, even for a nation as large as Nerrhavia, was tempting to a [General], who might well get a large cut of the pie. Femithain nodded.
“Shall we discuss the matter? Naturally, each member of the coalition will require a share.”
“And a percentage of the population. You’re right! That would be simple. But the Empress?”
Thelican was glancing at Femithain suspiciously. The Magus-Crafter lifted his shoulders.
“May we discuss the matter? Let me explain my position, General Thelican. The Empress of Beast’s surrender was a fortunate accident. However, her capture…it is a matter of politics, General Thelican. Do you recall that I am elected as Magus-Crafter on a yearly basis.”
“Ah, yes. By your…er, democracy?”
Thelican fumbled for the words. Femithain nodded. Urele was now fighting her way towards him.
“Of a sort, General Thelican. But my support is based on my accomplishments. The Empress of Beasts would be an asset. I would consider it a personal favor, of course, were you to intercede on Illivere’s behalf with Queen Yisame.”
“But Queen Yisame…”
Troubled, Thelican glanced back towards the waiting [Messengers]. Femithain coughed.
“Without Nerrhavia’s support, I believe I would be forced to cede Empress Nsiia’s captivity. Perhaps to Nerrhavia, but I imagine Savere will wish to force the issue.”
And it’s a long way to Nerrhavia. Both men thought of Saverian raids and the issue of transporting a prisoner that far. Thelican shuddered, but he persisted.
“Magus-Crafter Femithain, you and your army have done me any number of services. But this is a matter of Nerrhavian pride. How would it look if the Empress of Beasts were not taken as Nerrhavia’s prisoner?”
“Fairly innocuous, General Thelican? It would be a personal gesture of friendship.”
Thelican hesitated.
“I couldn’t persuade you to give her up? I would consider that a token of friendship myself.”
The laughter from the Magus-Crafter surprised Thelican. Femithain smiled at the Stitch-[General] and shook his head.
“General Thelican, greed does not become you. Would you have Illivere support Nerrhavia’s claim to Oliphant and the division of Tiqr’s lands and cede the Empress of Beasts?”
The [General] was left tongue-tied. He looked at Femithain, back at the Empress, and Femithain could see him weighing his options. What decided Thelican in the end was Oliphant. It was a beautiful city and it had not been taken by war. The [General] eyed it, and Femithain could practically see the Stitch-Man thinking.
It would need a [General] to garrison it. And it could be quite wealthy if Tiqr’s citizens got back to work. Someone who owned that city and the land around it? They were practically a [Prince]. What was that to a prisoner who would please only one [Queen]? Slowly, Thelican turned back to Femithain and nodded.
“Queen Yisame is quite insistent, Magus-Crafter. But even she cannot wish for Dragons, eh?”
“Very true, General.”
“Let’s…discuss the issue. Yes, indeed. Allow me a moment to converse with my [Queen]?”
Thelican didn’t wait for a response. He was already hurrying towards his primary [Mage], and Femithain saw him moving his lips, composing a [Message]. The Magus-Crafter turned—
And a hand latched onto one arm. Urele glared at Femithain.
“You. Magus-Crafter. The Siren wants a word.”
