6.54 K
Page 8
Femithain decided not to dignify that with a response. He let Urele talk into the conch and walked back. Thelican was waiting for him, and as Urele strode towards them, a second meeting commenced. This time in Thelican’s personal tent, although no one was lounging about. The Stitch-General was pointing down to a map of Tiqr as he led the conversation.
Xern’s [Strategist], General Heic, Lady Yucale, all of them were in hot debate over what was to be done with Tiqr. They would have gotten around to the idea of dividing Tiqr up in time; one look at the army of citizens told anyone with sense that they weren’t going to be easy prisoners. Thelican was speaking loudly.
“Oliphant will be occupied by Nerrhavia’s army. We will discuss a more formal division of Tiqr—”
“Oliphant? That’s ours! And we’re taking those prisoners. Slaves.”
Urele snapped at Thelican. The Stitch-[General] turned and stared down at her.
“The citizens of Tiqr are, by the grace of her Majesty Yisame, now Nerrhavian citizens. Second-class.”
“What?”
The word burst from half a dozen mouths. Xern’s [Strategist] was foaming at the mouth.
“Xern has an equal claim to Tiqr’s citizens! If we are dividing land—”
“Illivere will cede our claim to Oliphant.”
Femithain’s cool voice made the other leaders look to him. Thelican turned with a smile and Heic raised his brows. Femithain nodded, meeting every eye.
“Generals, commanders, a more formal arrangement may be struck by our nation’s respective leaders at a later date. But in the interest of time, we must reach a settlement now. Thus, as Illivere has claimed the Empress of Beasts, we will be content to cede our claim on Tiqr’s lands, save for a moderate expansion along our borders.”
That pleased everyone in the room. One less claim? And aside from a disappointed few who might have wanted to claim the Empress of Beasts, no one, most importantly Thelican and Urele, objected to that either. Femithain went on.
“Tiqr’s divisions of lands will require at least a majority agreement by the members of the coalition. I propose to leave each nation a proportionate amount of land to their contributions. For instance, Deimos’ borders could naturally expand to the Reic River; it does run through their borders. Which would create a natural border with Nerrhavian territory around—”
“Xern claims the Reen Plains!”
“That’s not up for debate! Reen borders Lamult—”
“Oliphant belongs to Savere!”
Urele slammed a fist down on the table. Thelican glared at her, and then looked around at the other leaders.
“Savere will be content with an expansion on the southern borders, surely? It would be greedy of Savere to demand the entire southern and central regions of Tiqr!”
Most of the other leaders nodded. Urele stared around, and then narrowed her eyes at Thelican.
“You want to take it, silk-boy? That’s Savere’s spoils!”
The Saverian [Bandit Lady] glared daggers at Nerrhavia’s [General]. Outraged, Thelican raised his own voice. Femithain carefully watched, seeing the shift in the currents.
Savere was an unpopular nation, for all that the Siren of Tides and their alliances with [Pirates] and [Bandits] the world over gave them the strength. Urele was outmatched, and aside from supporting Heic’s claim to the Reic River and Thelican’s to Oliphant when it came to a vote, Thelican had little else to say.
