6.54 K
Page 21
Teres frowned at Flos. The King of Destruction looked up and stared at her.
“No, Teres. I swore an oath. I will not make war without cause and Tiqr was not mine when it was attacked.”
“But she asked…?”
Flos shook his head.
“That was what Nsiia asked herself. But I cannot dance about my oath, Teres. Or play with words like some ambassador or diplomat, Trey, Teres. I hold the honor of Reim, my people, my kingdom, upon my actions. That is what it means to give my word.”
“Okay then. I was just asking.”
Teres fell silent. Flos smiled slightly, and sat back. He looked tired and murmured as he looked into the drags of his cup.
“Yes. It is done. Nsiia lives. As a captive of Illivere, but better to live, than…yes, better to live, and in Illivere’s lands. I will return Tiqr. I swear it.”
He shook his head.
“Enough of that. It is done, and I have dwelled on it far too long. Trey, Teres, I have summoned you to speak to the Quarass. Teres, you have met her before.”
“Yeah. Hello.”
Teres lifted a hand. She tried to meet the Quarass’ eyes, but hesitated as the Quarass stared at her. Trey saw the gaze flick to him. Old eyes in a young face. He froze, and then bowed, belatedly. Teres did not.
“Your Majesty, forgive me. I’m Trey Atwood. And this is Teres. My sister.”
The Quarass inclined her head.
“King Reimarch has informed me of your natures.”
“You mean…”
Teres shot a glance at Flos, looking alarmed. He smiled.
“I’ve told the Quarass about your world. Would one of you mind showing her your phone? I believe that will satisfy her doubt.”
“Flos!”
Both Teres and Trey shot up. The King of Destruction waved a hand.
“Sit. It’s hardly a secret, is it. There are at least a few dozen of you running about.”
“But it’s a secret! Isn’t it dangerous to…”
Teres looked at the Quarass, biting her tongue. Flos shook his head.
“The Quarass is Reim’s ally, Teres. She has sworn it. Moreover, I require her trust and aid with Khelt. Come, bring out your phones, one of you. She does not believe you two are from another world, yet.”
“It is an astounding claim. Have you proof of this?”
The Quarass looked at Flos as Trey dug in one pocket. The King of Destruction laughed.
“I saw them appear in my throne room, Quarass. They were dressed outlandishly, and they had no idea who I was or even of magic! And this—ah, thank you, Trey. This is a trinket from their world. Give it to the Quarass.”
He watched as Trey gingerly offered the Quarass his smartphone. She stared at the lit screen, and then at Trey.
“Um, it’s a device, your majesty. It turns on when you hit this button and—”
Flos held up a hand and Trey fell silent. The Quarass took the iPhone from Trey and stared at it. She blinked at the screen, held up a hand—looked at Flos.
“It’s quite safe. You tap on the screen to make the functions active, like an artifact. Don’t squeeze it too hard or it breaks.”
“I see.”
Gingerly, the Quarass ran her finger over the screen, staring at the locked screen. Trey opened his mouth and Flos waved him to silence. The Quarass blinked as she tapped one of the buttons. Then she turned the iPhone over, regarding the smooth screen, the back, the buttons. She tapped the power button and blinked as the screen turned black. When it turned back on she stared at it and raised her head.
Flos was grinning, clearly delighted by her reaction. The Quarass met his eyes and then looked at Trey. She hesitated—her eyes flickered, and she shook her head.
“Impossible. I have never seen a device like this.  Not in any lifetime. I see the truth in your words, King of Destruction.”
