6.54 K
Page 19
Vaitsha and the boy stiffened. They glanced at each other and Vaitsha nodded.
“That is true. He has sworn to shed his blood before hers. So—yes. May it come to pass.”
There was a lot to unpack there and Trey wasn’t about to touch it with a ten-foot pole or his magical staff. He decided to sip from his tea cup. He saw Vaitsha do the same after a moment. And then cough.
“Are you okay?”
“I am…well. Thank you.”
She looked…pale. Paler than the young boy standing next to her. As Trey watched, Vaitsha set down her tea cup and sipped from a little vial. He noticed her hands were gloved. Perhaps she was unwell? Sick?
Trey didn’t ask. He looked around, desperately, for help. But Teres was talking with the other two guests in the waiting room. He wanted to throw something at the back of her head. But instead, Trey turned to the boy.
“And you are?”
The street boy looked up defiantly as he tried to drink from his cup like Vaitsha.
“I am Khalid, who has no other name. I serve the Quarass as well, as her protector and dagger! She lives forever!”
“She lives forever.”
The two Germinans nodded. Trey looked around desperately. At last, Teres saw his look and came over.
“Hello. I’m Teres. We’ve met. This is Nawal and Calac.”
She introduced the other two young people in the room. Teres smiled at Nawalishifra. The [Blacksmith] looked very uncomfortable as she bowed and murmured a greeting behind her veil. The other young man bowed stiffly.
“My greetings to you, Highborn Vaitsha and Khalid. May the Quarass live forever.”
He turned and bowed slightly to Trey.
“Lord Atwood. Lady Atwood tells me you are the pupil of Lady Gazi.”
“Oh. Yes. Um, we haven’t met. Pleased to meet you.”
Trey stood up and offered a hand. Calac took it. He had a strong, callused grip. He nodded to Trey, stepped back, and proceeded to sit and sip from his tea cup without saying anything for the rest of the conversation.
Calac was Venith’s son, maybe a year younger than Trey and Teres, but taller, muscled—more like an athlete than the twins. He knew how to use a sword, and he was a [Lord]—he’d been trained to fight and lead soldiers since he was a child. He was also in disgrace with his father, and clearly resented being lumped together with the guests in this room.
Trey still remembered Calac trying to attack Flos before the King of Destruction’s duel with Venith. He’d seemed to be headstrong and eager to prove himself in the few times they’d met. He had a problem with Venith, his father, but Trey couldn’t fault him there. Venith would be a hard father to impress.
Teres stared at Vaitsha and Khalid as silence took over again. Trey gestured and Nawal, after a moment’s hesitation, sat on their couch. On the end, far enough away from Trey that there was no chance of them even bumping elbows. She was very quiet. Uncharacteristically nervous given her usual pithy language. Teres spoke into the silence after a few very painful second.
“So uh, how’s Germina?”
“Germina rebuilds. The people of Ger have their Quarass again. She is changing Germina, as we are allied to Reim.”
The answer came quickly from Vaitsha. Teres nodded.
“Great.”
“Hi Nawal.”
Trey whispered to Nawalishifra. She looked at him, scowled behind her veil, and then bowed.
“Lord Atwood. You did not tell me you were a lord, you, Trey Atwood.”
He raised his hands.
“I’m not! Calac just said that.”
Nawal shook her head. She was staring at him as if he were a…goat. With sharp teeth.
