6.54 K
Page 24
“I don’t know why.”
“He does. I’ll get it out of him. You just behave. Be careful of her. And don’t tell her too much!”
Teres jerked her head at Flos, and then glared at the Quarass. Trey nodded lamely. They reached up and clasped hands for a moment. Then the Quarass was turning to Trey.
“Come then.”
She stepped into the carriage as the driver, one of her subjects, helped her inside. He gave Trey no such help and in fact gave Trey a look that managed to communicate that if he did anything that made the Quarass so much as frown, Trey was dead. The young man hunched his shoulders as he sidled into the carriage. The Quarass was already sitting. Flos laughed and pointed.
“On to Khelt! Teres, with me!”
He had a bodyguard of a few dozen [Riders]. They set out at once and Trey saw the carriage begin moving. Instantly, a bit of dust stung his eyes. He heard the Quarass cough and hastily closed the leather coverlet. Glass had not been added to this coach and so now the carriage was dark, but for the outline of light around the doors and windows.
In the darkness, there was a little girl with a voice and eyes as old as time. She stared at him, unblinking. Trey was reminded of a horror movie. If she screamed, he’d jump out the window.
It was going to be a long ride. After a minute of silence, Trey had to break the silence. He bowed awkwardly from his seat.
“Um. I’m Trey, your—uh, Quarass.”
“Yes. King Reimarch has told me of you and your sister. Trey Atwood.”
He shuddered. The Quarass’ tone was emotionless, impossible to read. Her face was so still. She stared at him for a longer moment and then her eyes flicked to his pocket, where he had put his phone.
“The King of Destruction has told me how you met him. You awakened Flos Reimarch.”
“Um.”
Trey was starting to realize that was a very bad piece of information for anyone to know. He raised a hand lamely.
“By accident. It was just—we just appeared in front of him.”
“Yes. Tell me more of your world, Trey Atwood.”
“What? Oh, it’s not—”
“Do not lie to me. Flos Reimarch has told me of the advancements of your world. Earth. Tell me more.”
The Quarass’ eyes were trying to burrow into Trey’s head through his skull. He gulped, remembering Teres’ words.
“It’s—we have a few things that—”
“Do not attempt to hide the truth.”
“I’m not—”
“Lies. You are attempting to hide the truth. Speak with honesty or I will know.”
The little Quarass stared at Trey. He wilted under that thousand-year-stare. There was nowhere to run. And he felt like if he jumped out the window, the Quarass would just stop the carriage and make her driver put him back in. He gave up and did his best.
“Well, it’s called Earth and it has no magic…um, it’s really a lot like this world, and not like it at the same time. You see, in my world…”
The Quarass listened to Trey’s explanation of what Earth was. There was so much to say, from the fact that they had no magic, to the technological advancements, the nations—she just listened, not gasping or interrupting like Flos would every two seconds. It was unnatural. The only time she stopped him was when Trey tried to hide something—somehow she could see it in him.
“Enough. Tell me of your weapons.”
“Weapons? I don’t—”
“The weapons that destroy cities. The weapons that fire for miles. Like crossbows, but a thousand times better. The King of Destruction has trusted me with the knowledge. Tell me.”
