6.54 K
Page 22
“Just from the phone? You haven’t even seen what it can do.”
Flos was disappointed by the Quarass’ ready acceptance. She shook her head, tapping on Trey’s smartphone gingerly.
“I need no further proof than this. This—this is a strange material. What is it?”
She was referring to the screen and casing. Trey blinked.
“Plastic. And the screen is glass, and, uhm, metal, your Majesty. It’s just…”
He trailed off. ‘Just’? How did you make plastic, anyways? How hard was it to make? Probably…very hard. The Quarass was staring at the casing of the screen.
“It has never been made. I have seen metal, but this is not. Weaker than metal, I think.”
“Much weaker. It cracks if you press too hard. But show her the rest of the phone!”
“I will. Um, your Majesty? Er—”
“Quarass. Address her as Quarass, Trey. She has no other name than that.”
Flos nodded at the young girl. Trey hesitated as he stood up. She handed the phone back, staring at him. He leaned over, unlocking his phone.
“My apologies, Quarass. It has uh—”
“Show her the photo. No, the video! Not the bird.”
Flos was enjoying himself to no end. Trey shot him a look as he opened up the camera app. The Quarass blinked as she stared at the screen and listened to Trey’s explanation. Her eyes flicked to Teres. She watched Trey take a picture, took the phone, and copied him. She blinked at the slightly off-focus image. Then she lowered the phone.
“I see. Everything you have said is true, then. Or so it seems.”
“I have told you no lies, Quarass. Isn’t it extraordinary?”
“Yes.”
The flat reply made Trey think the Quarass was anything but pleased. She was staring at him as if he were a monster, and—Trey glanced at Teres. She raised her eyebrows and the twins shared a thought.
What had Flos told her about their world? Was this a good thing? Neither voiced the thought aloud, though. The Quarass handed Trey back his iPhone and watched as he put it in his pants. Flos rubbed his hands together happily.
“I must have the twins show you the other amazing things they can do with it. But later. You agree, then, Quarass? Even Fetohep might be persuaded if you pressed him thusly. As for Germina…what say you?”
The Quarass paused for a second, and then her small head nodded. She looked at Flos.
“I agree. And I accede to your request. I will speak to him, then.”
“Excellent! You do me a great favor, Quarass. And we must speak more after your return. But Fetohep does not wait and I believe even Gazi and Mars will tire of his army soon. Let us deal with him, then discuss the matter at length. I will host you in my palace—but first—Mizzi!”
Flos raised his voice. The door opened and a [Servant] bowed.
“Your Majesty?”
“Horses! No, a carriage for the Quarass! Horses for me—and my armor! We ride to the border! Quarass, need you anything before you leave?”
“I will have one of my own drive your carriage, if it pleases you, King of Destruction.”
The Quarass rose, and Flos nodded. He beckoned to the twins. They followed him. Teres frowned at Flos’ back.
“Hold on! Where are we going?”
“To deal with Khelt. Remember the army assailing our borders, Teres? The Quarass and I have reached an agreement. She will help me deal with Fetohep and Khelt. We will ride there. Oh—and Quarass?”
“Yes?”
She stopped as Flos strode for the door. He looked back and stared at the twins for a second. His lips moved as he stared at Teres, and then he shook his head.
“Take Trey with you to meet Fetohep.”
“Wait, what?”
Both Trey and Teres exclaimed. Trey looked at the Quarass as she stared at him, and then turned to Flos. Teres glared at him.
