6.54 K
Page 17
And because Germina could burn so easily if Reim turned against it. But both knew that went without saying. It was hard for the Quarass to betray Flos Reimarch. She and her kingdom had too much to lose. The Quarass was glad Flos thought the same way. It meant he would trust her. He waved a hand towards the window.
“Before we begin, however—I may have to attend to my second issue of state. You recall the army at my border?”
“Of course. Khelt.”
The army of twenty thousand. The Quarass could well recall what that ‘issue’ was. Flos nodded.
“Khelt. King Fetohep has deigned to send me a message of his displeasure. Mars and Gazi are handling him, but I have no intention of being pressured by Fetohep’s demands.”
“Ah. What does Fetohep will?”
She’d guessed that was the case. The Quarass moved her hand, drank from the cup of water she’d asked for. Wine was a poor drink to converse with in these matters. And she was far too young. Dead gods, but she hated remembering how good it tasted. It was very hard to be an alcoholic in hundreds of lifetimes and sober now.
Flos made a face as he drank from his cup. It wasn’t even great wine, but still—the Quarass resisted the urge to watch.
“At a guess? A vow of non-interference. Pledged in blood, most likely. He senses Reim’s weakness. I’m not inclined to give him what he desires, but you know Khelt.”
She nodded sourly, drinking the nourishing water. Flos went on, wiping his mouth carelessly.
“I would rather have Khelt’s aid, if not their alliance yet. But I believe I would negotiate poorly with Fetohep. He and I do not get along.”
They did not. The Quarass’ memories flickered. Fetohep and the King of Destruction nearly coming to war at a dinner hosted in Khelt’s palace. She sensed an opportunity and jumped on it.
“King Reimarch. If Fetohep’s will is not appeased, he will not cease.”
“I’m sure you’re right. I was thinking of marching an army over his border, but that might provoke him.”
Flos grimaced. The Quarass leaned forwards, keeping her voice neutral to hide her eagerness, but it was hard.
“I could intercede with Fetohep. He has a longstanding connection to Germina.”
“Hm. You would do that for Reim?”
Flos looked pleasantly surprised. The Quarass sat back, carefully.
“We are allies. It would be a small effort. However…if you will tell me what reason you have for awakening from your slumber, I will agree to it. And what makes your two aides, Teres, and Trey, so valuable.”
Her eyes flicked to Flos’ face as he paused. That was the information the Quarass craved. The reason for the King of Destruction’s return? Invaluable in understanding him and in other ways. And his strange followers, the twins? The girl that had been present when he had first met her? Every instinct in the Quarass told her they were important too.
Flos of Reim paused, considering the Quarass’ request for a moment. She held her breath, wondering if she’d been too straightforward with her demands. But he was a straightforward man. She wasn’t prepared for him to grin and nod.
“Of course! I happily agree! You do me a great service, Quarass. Let us speak then, of my return!”
He smiled, laughing, and she stared at his face. Wait. Her memories kicked her in the head. He’d wanted her to ask and volunteer her aid with Khelt and Fetohep. He was going to tell her anyways and she’d—
The Quarass kept a blush from staining her cheeks, but only just. She reached for her cup and drank the stupid water. For a second she was a child again, scowling, realizing she’d fallen into his trap. Flos Reimarch smiled and lifted his cup.
