6.54 K
Page 0

Tiqr had fallen. The Empress of Beasts, Nsiia, knelt in the dust. Her spear lay beside her. Her headband beside it. She wept, and behind her, Tiqr’s citizens, hundreds of thousands, knelt with her. Weeping for their nation.
This was how Tiqr ended. The coalition’s armies roiled in confusion, trying to process what had happened. General Thelican was red-faced with fury and shame. Not only had Tiqr not launched the attack that Wistram had all but assured him would come, he and Nerrhavia’s army had been seen to be afraid of the attack! Worse still—the one army that had refused to retreat, Illivere, led by Magus-Crafter Femithain, had been the ones the Empress of Beasts surrendered to.
Disaster. Of course, this wasn’t being broadcast to the rest of the world via [Scrying] spell. But surely, many nations were watching, being updated by their agents or via magical observation. Worse—Thelican’s stomach twisted.
The [Reporter]. The damned Remi Canada person that his [Queen] had ordered him to find. This would be in another of their articles! Now, Thelican regretted not hunting them down. But he hadn’t predicted this.
“General Thelican! A message from Queen Yisame—”
“Orders, General?”
“Queen Yisame demands to know—”
“Wistram’s Archmages are awaiting a conversation at your soonest—”
“General, our forces to the north—”
“Silence!”
The Stitch-[General] bellowed. He ignored the people surrounding him and pushed forwards.
“Get me to the front! Move the army forwards—encircle the prisoners!”
“General?”
There were hundreds of thousands of Tiqr’s citizens. They outnumbered Nerrhavia’s army. Thelican was too incensed to care.
“Surround them! Make way! Move!”
“General, Queen Yisame demands—”
“The northern—”
“Shut up!”
“We are under attack!”
The bellowing voice stopped Thelican. He whirled and saw one of the [Messengers] shoving the rest aside.
“What? From who?”
“Oliphant! The north! A part of their army sortied from the gates! General—it’s Tiqr’s army. They’re overrunning—”
Thelican’s blood ran cold in the veins of his body. For String People did have veins; the magic that animated cloth to flesh gave them biology. It also meant they could die. And suddenly, the [General] was imagining his head on a pillow before Queen Yisame.
“Deploy the chariots! Intercept them!”
 
—-
 
Of course, it was too late. Femithain heard the horns, saw chariots and riders breaking away from the coalition’s army, riding north. But he could see they’d never make it in time.
Femithain was no [Strategist], but he didn’t need to be to understand what had happened. As [Armsmaster] Dellic frantically queried Nerrhavia’s officers, Femithain heard enough.
“Tiqr’s army has broken north! They pierced the encirclement—they’re headed northwest!”
“To the Kilalle Steppes.”
Femithain nodded to himself. He looked down at Empress Nsiia. Or perhaps—simply Nsiia of Tiqr. She was a prisoner of war, now. She still knelt, but he caught her looking up, listening.
“Dellic. Have Nerrhavia’s forces any chance of catching Tiqr’s army? How many have left?”
The [Armsmaster] shook his head.
“The officers are saying it’s the entire army. And they came right out of the gates as soon as the Empress—”
He halted, staring at Nsiia. Femithain adjusted his spectacles.
“Clever.”
He had to admire it. Nsiia’s surrender had given her army time to flee. They were still nearly eighty-thousand strong, and if some of Tiqr’s citizens had gone with them—he eyed the sea of people spread out in front of Tiqr’s gates. Even had a hundred thousand fled, they would pose an insurmountable threat.
