6.54 K
Page 4
“Move aside for Xern’s [Strategist]! I said, move aside! Is anyone listening?”
Another leader, the [Strategist] of Xern, forced to dismount and fight through the press of bodies on foot. Femithain was counting heads. Seven, eight…nearly all the coalition’s leaders were nearby, or in earshot. Thelican was bellowing at all of them to listen to him! Urele was looking around, and some of her people were slipping to the sides, trying to find a way through Dellic’s circle around Nsiia.
And at that moment, General Heic proved why he was a [General] of Deimos. He looked at Femithain, checked his own army, mixed with all the others in this scrum, and then raised his arm and bellowed.
“Deimos salutes Illivere’s splendid triumph over the Empress of Beasts!”
His voice rang over the others, a product of a [Loud Voice] Skill or truly prodigious lungs. Femithain saw Urele and Thelican both look around, along with Xern’s [Strategist], Lady Yucale, and all the others. Heic bellowed again.
“Illivere has accepted Tiqr’s surrender! The war is over! Huzzah!”
“No, it was a coalition led—”
Thelican’s voice was drowned out by a roar from around him. Heic turned and shouted at his [Soldiers].
“Applause!”
Deimos’ army began applauding, and cheering the end of the battle. That was enough. The tired [Soldiers], most of whom did not care who had accepted whose surrender so long as they didn’t have to fight another hyena or elephant, began cheering as well. Soon, they were shouting.
“Il-li-vere! Il-li-vere!”
Femithain listened, bemused, but also grateful. He saw Heic turn his head and the [General] gave him the most unsecretive wink Femithain had ever seen. Then Thelican was bearing down on Femithain.
“Magus-Crafter—”
Femithain beat him to it. The Magus-Crafter clicked his fingers and his two Golems moved aside. He turned—and Thelican was walking by his side.
“General Thelican, let us speak freely. Lady Yucale, my apologies. Yes, the war is over. Thelican, may we converse?”
“Of course! I—this is a bit of a disaster—[Strategists]! No one gets near the Empress! Surround, er, Illivere’s formation!”
“Xern’s [Strategist] does not obey orders from—”
“I was speaking to my [Strategists]!”
Thelican roared back. He whirled and Femithain knew it was time. The Magus-Crafter took a breath. He was conscious of Lady Yucale hovering on their left, Urele trying to bully her way to Nsiia as she glared at him, and all the other messengers, officers, and high-ranking leaders around him, listening in. He wove a quick [Bubble of Silence] spell, but he had no doubt it would be penetrated.
And Thelican was turning towards him, and Femithain knew one thing: there were at least two dozen truth spells aimed at him. So he told the truth. That was the first thing you had to learn to survive events like these.
“Magus-Crafter. This surrender business.”
Femithain gave Thelican an apologetic smile.
“Unexpected.”
Thelican looked relieved.
“Yes! Certainly! Those damn Archmages—er—my information was terribly flawed! We were ready for an attack, and then Tiqr just rolls over? But why did the Empress of Beasts surrender to you?”
Femithain paused, and he chose his words carefully.
“The Empress of Tiqr’s surrender was a pleasant surprise. However, I believe Illivere’s terms of surrender are most palatable to her.”
Especially because he hadn’t offered her any. But Thelican’s eyes widened.
“Queen Yisame made her offer, and I know the Siren laid out her terms. But Illivere…?”
Femithain waved off the specifics.
