6.55 K
Page 30
King Fetohep of Khelt paused. He waited, and then made a sound like clearing his throat.
“You have no arguments?”
Trey shrugged helplessly.
“Not any good ones. I’m sorry, your Majesty. I’m not a good negotiator. I don’t know why King Flos sent me.”
“I see.”
Fetohep looked disappointed. Trey bit his lip, but he really didn’t have anything the Quarass couldn’t already say. Khelt was beautiful. All it lacked was…
Both he and Fetohep looked at the young woman who was laughing at something. The picture of Flos, as it turned out. Fetohep lifted his hand and she reluctantly gave it back. He stared at the image of Flos Reimarch.
“He has changed. At least in appearance. I remember that feckless boy of old. He was so…”
One finger touched the screen. Trey looked at Fetohep, and a burst of inspiration seized him.
“Your Majesty, would you like me to take a picture of you?”
“A picture? Of me?”
Fetohep looked surprised. But then he nodded.
“It is a rare opportunity, one you may never have again. I shall allow it.”
He straightened upon his chair as Trey lifted the iPhone. The young woman hurried out of the way, watching with anticipation. Fetohep could not know it, but he unconsciously adopted a pose much like the one Flos had taken with Teres. Straight-backed, his face still. Trey hesitated.
It could have all gone the way of Teres’ photo. But he glanced at the iPhone, at Fetohep, sitting there, and then had another flash. He looked at Fetohep; the [King] was watching him, waiting.
“What about a selfie, your Majesty?”
“A what?”
“A picture of both of us. If you’ll allow it. Like this.”
Trey edged his seat over. He ignored the ridiculousness of what he was proposing, and put his head next to Fetohep, turning it towards the camera. The undead [King] glanced at him, surprised. But Trey didn’t shudder; he was intent on the picture. The [King] glanced up and saw them together. Trey tapped the iPhone and the screen flashed.
“Not bad!”
He showed Fetohep. The undying [King] stared at it. It was an image of him and Trey. The young man had a decent smile and Fetohep had a death’s grin. He was captured there. The ruler of Khelt stared at the image.
A picture, a recording on a boy’s phone. Fetohep stared at it and saw something close to immortality. A piece of data, stored in ways he didn’t understand. A fragile thing yes, but possibly eternal. But you had to work at it, guard it. Save it and keep it, but you could theoretically let it endure forever. But it had to be maintained.
He thought of the statues of his predecessors at the gates of his city. Each one made by a master. They had portraits, books written about them. A thousand and one tributes to their name. And this? Fetohep looked at the phone and thought of a world full of them.
Slowly, he sat upright. Trey was taking a photo of the young woman as she posed, excited to be captured by it as well. He jumped at Fetohep’s soft touch on his arm. The undead [King] saw him turn. But Trey had no fear on his face, although Fetohep was long dead. He looked at the [King] and Fetohep gestured.
“Sit, Trey Atwood. The Quarass yet slumbers and my meeting with the—King of Destruction is yet hours distant. So sit. Tell me more of this great detective, boy. Are there more stories of his? Tell me of your world. More of your nations. Of—culture.”
 
—-
 
