6.55 K
Page 9
“I see. How fascinating. They must have been truly memorable meals. I myself recall the joys of my life more and more rarely with each century. But I can still recall the food I ate on some occasions. Especially dishes that stood to me of note. I recall a time I ate a Dullahan food which disgusted me vividly to this day. Are you familiar with a raw fish sliced thinly accompanied by the innards of a…I am struggling to recall the name of what I ate. A creature with spines fished from the sea.”
“A sea urchin?”
The Quarass beat Trey to it. Fetohep’s eyes brightened.
“Yes! A remarkably foul dish, or so I believed. But I became enamored with the taste and concept.”
The Quarass nodded, glancing up as she spoke thoughtfully.
“The dish originates from the islands, Fetohep. As I recall, such meals are somewhat popular among the people of Drath, Rhir, and Minos.”
“Ah. Of course. A shared heritage and geography. Such seafaring species seldom reach Khelt, but I recall Dullahan cities where I met Drathian sailors, a rarity in other ports. A shared history.”
“Indeed. A pity their trade fleets have stopped visiting Chandrar these last few centuries.”
“The changing nature of politics. What was the cause of their absence? An incident with Roshal’s Slavers?”
“Hm. Yes. I recall the moment. Neither side ever admitted guilt.”
The two rulers were speaking animatedly, of events centuries past as if they were yesterday. And they were the only ones who could do it; Trey was far out of his depth. He watched as Fetohep turned and accepted a cup. Trey saw the young woman had returned. With his orange juice. It was sweet, pulpy, and delicious. Trey’s eyes went wide; the Quarass was sipping with a smile as well.
“Is the beverage to your taste?”
“It’s—incredible!”
Trey hadn’t tasted orange juice this good or this fresh! Fetohep looked pleased.
“Khelt has its gardens and imports delicacies which are preserved.”
He took the cup he’d been given and put it to one side. Trey was drinking too greedily to ask about it, and Fetohep turned back to the Quarass.
“Allow me my indulgence, Trey Atwood. Drink; your cup shall never run empty. Quarass, while we speak of the past, may I ask if you have ever visited the Dullahan’s capital in the last few centuries?”
The Quarass looked up, sipping sedately but with clear pleasure from her cup. She smiled.
“I have. The city of Invinctel has not changed much in four hundred years since I last visited. You have walked it’s ramparts?”
“I recall it fondly. As well, the memory of that biting cold. I am glad it remains as I recall it.”
That pleased him. Fetohep leaned forwards slightly, his ‘eyes’ flashing in their sunken sockets.
“The world beyond Khelt still holds some allure, Quarass. Do you feel the same, kept as you are by Germina’s needs? I have walked each continent in turn before my demise, but I follow the events of the world with interest. More so now that Wistram has begun broadcasting events the world over. This latest incident with Tiqr was a mark of their folly, however.”
“Of a surety. But then, Wistram has fallen into decay since Zelkyr’s passing.”
Fetohep nodded.
“It would be a Drake whose vanity locked away the magics of Wistram from future generations. But then, their kind has always courted folly in arrogance. As I am sure Tiqr is a tired topic—have you followed the recent developments in Izril?”
“Are you referring to the Antinium? Oh yes. And the near war involving the siege of Liscor. An intriguing failure on both sides, Human and Drake. ”
