6.55 K
Page 25
Fetohep was beyond curious when Trey and the Quarass finally returned, hands washed. He had an array of nuts on offer, and Trey exclaimed in surprise when he saw a cocoa bean! He had to taste it—and then immediately make a face. It was bitter! But it tasted faintly of chocolate!
“You grind it up, your Majesty. And uh—you add sugar. I think there’s something else. Butter, perhaps?”
Trey didn’t actually remember. Fetohep immediately gave orders for his [Cooks] to experiment. Then the conversation became all about Trey’s world. The young man was soon explaining the resemblance Fetohep had to a group of rulers from his world.
“…Bandages? They dressed themselves up in bandages and golden masks? Tell me about these Pharaohs. Why did they adorn themselves so?”
“Oh, no, your Majesty. They did that when they were buried. And they had ointments—they uh, were called mummies. The process is called mummification, actually, and it was used to preserve themselves.”
“Really?”
Fetohep leaned forwards. The Quarass was eating a second bowl of ice cream as she watched them talk. Trey, mindful of what she had told him, nodded, smiling at Fetohep’s curiosity.
“That’s right. And they used coffins. They had these pyramids—well, to begin with, they lived in a nation called Egypt…”
The undead [King] nodded. He listened to depictions of the pyramids and the rule of pharaohs, only confused on one point.
“But why did they perform such elaborate rituals on their corpses if not to resurrect them? I take such measures to remain Khelt’s ruler as long as I must. But what is the point for the dead who lie buried if not to return?”
“They…thought it would preserve them into the afterlife, your Majesty. There is not magic in our world, so…”
“They could not return from death? Ah. I see.”
Fetohep’s eyes dimmed. Trey felt compelled to tell him the myth of the mummy, then. Fetohep was amused.
“So they are zombies. Well, I suppose such treatments would preserve them even longer than regular corpses. Bandages. Hm…”
He was greatly amused. The Quarass cleared her throat, waving a hand rapidly for a third helping of sugar. Her eyes were overly bright, but she still managed to play her part.
“There is some merit to thinking of Trey Atwood’s world, then, Fetohep. If not as a threat, then perhaps as an opportunity?”
“You mean, as a target of conquest? But you have no idea how this world meets with ours, Quarass. And Khelt does not conquer. It shall reap of these other cultures in time. I may wait.”
Fetohep looked amused at her insistence. The Quarass fell silent, but Trey jumped in.
“But my world does have things to offer, King Fetohep. Things your citizens might want. Maybe they’re bored of life in Khelt.”
“Bored?”
Fetohep looked offended at the very suggestion. His tone darkened as he looked at Trey. He gestured to the young woman who was waiting next to Trey.
“Tell me, my child. Do you want for anything?”
“No, your highness.”
She shook her head instantly. Fetohep nodded.
“Do you ever wish to leave Khelt?”
“No!”
She looked alarmed at the very notion. Fetohep turned back to Trey, triumphantly.
“You see? My people are beloved among all the world’s nations. They live. They flourish, safe in my borders, free of suffering or fear of monsters or attack. And they die. And it is they who guard Khelt, forevermore. The finest of entertainments, flood my nation in every variety! [Bards] come to sing tales of old! Stories abound in my libraries! What could they possibly want?”
“Um…this?”
