6.55 K
Page 18
The Quarass of Germina had lived for lifetimes dancing the game of politics. Sometimes with all the delicacy and grace of a feather blown upon the winds of change, other times with the crudest of methods, as need dictated. She was experienced, as skillful as any [Diplomat] purely by virtue of memory.
However, at the moment all she was thinking was ‘uh oh’. Fetohep’s eyes were blazing and his tone was beyond irate. She had forgotten that Khelt’s citizens had fought for Flos in his first war of conquest. No—she had been aware of it. He had demanded the same of Germina and the previous Quarass after all. Tributes in the form of food and arms to fuel his armies, soldiers to do battle in his name.
The only difference was the he had coerced Khelt into doing the same as Germina. And Fetohep had clearly harbored a grudge. He wouldn’t have scorned any amount of tribute, gold, or even artifacts. But his people? The Quarass looked swiftly towards Trey. The young man was pale at the threat of war. She understood that.
Then again, Fetohep’s demands weren’t terrible. Indeed, a vow of neutrality would do Reim little wrong now. It was just that it would close Khelt off from the King of Destruction’s will forever unless Flos truly forswore a blood oath with all that entailed. And the Quarass was certain that Flos wished for some of Khelt’s vast surpluses. She thought carefully and quickly and replied to the undead [King].
“King Fetohep. I understand your demands. And the King Reimarch may well accede to an oath with some remunerations. Reim hungers; you have surely heard of all those who claim loyalty to the King of Destruction returning to his lands. If Khelt would offer Reim an equal exchange in exchange for a vow of nonaggression—”
“No.”
This time the word surprised the Quarass as well as Trey. Fetohep’s gaze found the Quarass. He shook his head.
“Khelt will offer Reim nothing. It demands, Quarass. This is no negotiation.”
“King Fetohep! That is unlike Khelt. The King of Destruction will not accept a threat backed up by force of arms. War between Reim and Khelt would cost both nations!”
“And it would ultimately doom Reim. Khelt will not fall; the King of Destruction’s armies may sweep aside hundreds of thousands, but the countless dead of Khelt? And while they do, their flanks will be unguarded. It is not a war that boy can fight. He and I and you know it.”
She did. The Quarass bit her lip, her heart fluttering. She inclined her head.
“Nevertheless, Fetohep. Why utter such demands? Khelt can surely make a trade of goodwill rather than a demand that breeds enmity.”
It wasn’t what Flos Reimarch would prefer, but a concession of goods would be simple for Khelt to supply and aid Reim. Fetohep surely knew that, just as he knew how unlikely the King of Destruction was to obey a threat. Was it because he hated Flos that much that he was making this demand? No—the Quarass knew Fetohep. He would swallow pit vipers for the good of his kingdom. So why—
Then the pieces fit. Her eyes narrowed.
“You do not wish to be seen to aid Reim.”
Fetohep’s gaze flashed once. The Quarass sat back. Of course. Tiqr had fallen this morning. But Fetohep simply toyed with his cup.
“I consider Khelt’s interests, Quarass. I have no wish to pay for a demand owed to Khelt for injustices past. Nor will I enable that boy’s fruitless endeavors.”
Intriguing. Fetohep was clearly uncomfortable at admitting Khelt was leery of other nations singling it out for attack. His pride was at stake, hence his deflection. The Quarass pressed him on it.
