6.55 K
Page 8
“Nothing is out of possibility. Describe it to me, child.”
Fetohep’s voice seemed to snap for the first time in irritation. Trey hesitated.
“Well, it’s some fried carrots, um, peas, meat—lamb meat or maybe beef—all fried up. And then you put mashed potatoes on top and bake it—”
He stopped as Fetohep held up a hand. The young woman was biting her lip, trying not to laugh.
“Ah. Traveler’s Pie. They call it so in Izril and Terandria, do they not, Quarass?”
“They did when I visited both continents.”
The Quarass murmured, giving Trey a look. He bit his lip. Fetohep’s gaze was disapproving as his tone. He looked a Trey.
“I am aware of the meal. Intriguing that the name has changed. You are aware you may ask for any dish you wish, boy? Why do you ask for a low-born dish?”
“It’s food from home. I’m sorry, your Majesty—”
Trey cut off as Fetohep shook his head. The [King] sat back, looking displeased.
“Let it be so. What do you wish to drink?”
“Um—grape juice sounds good to me as well.”
This time the flash of the eyes signaled more than just disapproval. Trey’s mind raced. He was putting his foot in it! What had the Quarass told him? He looked at her for guidance, but whatever she was mouthing at him he couldn’t understand. Desperately, he looked around.
“How about an…orange juice?”
He thought Fetohep would finally lose his temper, but to his surprise, the undead [King]’s eyes lost their intensity. He nodded to the attendant who smiled and bowed.
“It shall be done.”
She retreated like the other servant. Trey relaxed, feeling sweat run down the nape of his neck. Fetohep nodded to him, mollified for some reason.
“Ah. Oranges are a delicacy. Few places in Chandrar may grow them, let alone enough to drink.”
“Oh, if—”
The Quarass’ death-glare made Trey shut up. And suddenly, he began to see. Fetohep went on, ignoring the interruption.
“I remember them fondly still. In my century of life, I travelled to Baleros where it was served commonly among other fruit drinks. Tell me, Trey Atwood. Have you journeyed to the Baleros?”
“No, your Majesty.”
“Really? Then you are from Terandria?”
“No, your Majesty. I’ve uh, never been there either.”
“Really?”
Fetohep paused. The Quarass spoke up, smiling from her seat; she’d been given a cushion so she could sit higher at the table.
“Trey Atwood came to Chandrar recently, Fetohep. He is a stranger to this land and many others.”
“So it seems. Izril, then? Yes, Quarass. We shall discuss it later.”
Fetohep waved a hand as the Quarass began to interrupt him. He seemed annoyed, and Trey, in a flash of insight, realized that Trey’s nation of origin was beginning to bug Fetohep. The [King] went on, nodding at the Quarass.
“You order the same dish each time you first visit, Quarass. Eight lifetimes have you dined with me now, and this dish remains first. I had not the opportunity to ask your previous incarnation. Nor do I believe she would have replied truthfully. Will you tell me the reason?”
She smiled faintly. Now it was the Quarass speaking to Fetohep, Trey could relax slightly. He stared around the luxuriant room, and then focused on the Quarass. She was just as fascinating as Fetohep in her way. She lifted one hand, gesturing as she spoke to Fetohep.
“I remember both eels and glossberries were my favorite dishes in past lives. Not just delightful; they were the happiest meals and most fulfilling across any life I have ever shared. Each time I find whether my body has a taste for the meal. Sometimes it does not, but the memory compels me to seek it out each time.”
