6.55 K
Page 32
He broke off as he saw the King of Destruction ahead of them. Fetohep raised one hand, and he looked up. His tone darkened. The Quarass looked up, waiting. It was time.
“We shall continue the conversation if time permits. Driver, hold back.”
The carriage slowed. Across from him, Flos spoke.
“Hold back. Gazi, with me.”
The King of Destruction raised a hand and his forces stayed back, arraying themselves nervously at his back. Only Gazi followed Flos forwards, and then, she stopped at a remove. The carriage slowed. Fetohep and Flos rode towards each other. Slowly. Staring at each other.
One a living man, the King of Destruction. Another a corpse still preserved by magic, golden flames burning. The Eternal King of Khelt. Their horses slowed further. Flos’ stallion shook its head uneasily; Fetohep’s mount was skeletal. They drew even closer, Flos soothing his horse. And then they stared at each other.
“Fetohep. You look much the same as I recall. Your corpses are strewn across my border. Need you threaten Reim with your every petty demand?”
“Boy. Your manners have not changed since your youth.”
Fetohep’s eyes flashed. Flos smiled archly at him.
“Does sending an army across my lands count as polite conversation, then, oh Eternal King of Khelt?”
“It behooves one to reply to a message sent. King of Reim.”
“I believe my silence was enough. I will not be threatened.”
“Indeed? Then cross my borders, Flos Reimarch. Khelt is death to any who threaten it. I have not forgotten your last war of conquest. I demand assurances your second folly will not endanger my people.”
Flos pursed his lips, looking vexed.
“I took four thousand of your people, Fetohep. All of whom volunteered!”
“They were mine.”
The golden gaze flared. Behind him, Khelt’s undead shifted. Flos narrowed his eyes. Abruptly, he looked away. Fetohep shifted his gaze past Flos’ shoulder. It was easier that way.
“I wish to try again, Fetohep. I want to see a new world. To see what I cannot imagine. And to show my people that future we fought for. I will not give up so easily a second time.”
“And how will I know those are not empty words?”
“You will have to trust me.”
Laughter. It echoed from all the bodies behind Fetohep. Flos smiled too.
“Do you truly believe you could hold against my [Army of the King]? It would be my doom. But Khelt would fall with Reim.”
The laughter cut off with a snarl. Fetohep turned his head, glaring.
“Khelt will not be your subjects a second time, boy. You will assure me of this or your dream will end here.”
“And what assurity does Reim have that Khelt will not one day invade? Be reasonable, Fetohep! Offer me some compromise! Or have you only threats, oh, wise and diplomatic ruler?”
Flos spread his arms. The statement confounded Fetohep for a moment. He snapped back, beyond irate.
“What could Reim possibly possess that Khelt does not?”
For answer, Flos cupped his hands to his face.
“Teres! Forwards!”
From behind his ranks, Teres rode forwards, white-faced with nerves. Fetohep stared at her, then turned his head towards the carriage and saw Trey’s face. The resemblance was obvious. Flos laughed as he patted Teres’ shoulder.
“Teres, this is Fetohep. Fetohep, Teres is the twin sister of Trey. You know they are from another world? I have two. How many do you have?”
The undead [King]’s eyes narrowed to pinpoints. Flos let Gazi silently usher Teres back. Now the two of them sat. At last, Flos spoke.
“It is a fascinating world, isn’t it?”
“For different reasons, we agree on that at least. But you have no notion of where it lies or how these children come here.”
