6.55 K
Page 3
“Has that boy coerced you into serving as a diplomat? This child seems a poor watchdog, but merely speak and he shall be removed for your stay, Quarass. If you are so forced, I will factor it into my reply.”
The Quarass smiled thinly and flicked two fingers. Fetohep was being considerate of her. But he wouldn’t shelter her or do more than offer her these small favors. That wasn’t his way. Time to play her part, then.
“Flos Reimarch would not hold Germina ransom to threaten me, Fetohep. He offered me a choice and I accepted it. We are allies, and that is no false statement. You know the King of Destruction’s nature and it is not one of deceit.”
She was sure, almost completely sure that she could trust Flos Reimarch when he proclaimed he would protect her and make Germina his ally. Whether that helped Germina or made it an even larger target was to be seen.
Fetohep accepted her reply, but her comment about Flos’ nature gave him pause. One of his ‘eyes’, the flaming lights in his sockets, flared brighter than the other. Not a wink, but more like an eyebrow rising on his withered face.
“Time changes all but we, Quarass. So then, if he has not changed unduly, he is a fool for starting his war of conquest anew.”
The Quarass bit the inside of her cheek slightly.  She’d walked into that. A pithy turn of phrase she’d heard two hundred and three years ago came to her aid.
“[Fools] and [Kings] are cut of the same cloth, Fetohep. He may be both, but still, it is Khelt who has demanded the King of Destruction’s attention. Shall we not speak of such matters later?”
He paused, and nodded slowly.
“Indeed we shall. Forgive me, Quarass. Your ride was no doubt long even with Skills and I forget the needs of the body. My attendants wait upon us; let us enter my palace. You, child.”
He turned. Trey jumped; he’d finally turned around.
“Yes? Your Eternal Majesty?”
“Why does that boy send you? What worth have you to the King of Destruction? What is your class?”
Trey stuttered as he glanced sideways at the Quarass. She could only wait; either he sank and she would have to kick him down the steps to prevent him making the situation worse, or he would prove useful.
“I’m—his Majesty’s bodyguard, your, uh, Eternal Majesty? Sort of. I mean—”
The Quarass resisted the urge to slap her face and then Trey’s. Fetohep’s burning gaze flickered.
“Let us dispense with formality, Trey Atwood. You have given me cause for offense ten times over already had I wished it. Speak with barest respect and I shall not take umbrage. How came you to your post? I do not believe you serve by sheer force of martial or magical prowess.”
“Yes, um, your Majesty. I’m very sorry. I’m his—King Flos’ bodyguard, but that’s really just a title. I follow him around, do what he wants, assist him—he keeps me and my sister because we…entertain him. Well, not entertain, but…”
Trey trailed off, searching for words. The Quarass saw one of Fetohep’s eyes flare bright again.
“Ah. A companion. Strange for that boy to take such an interest. But perhaps it is the same reason you have come hence. Very well. Know this, Trey Atwood. You stand upon Khelt’s soil, and you are a guest of my palace. This is a gift offered to few in this world not of Khelt. Know that while you stay here, you are my guest. But also know that every child, man, and woman in my kingdom is under my protection. Offer any of them insult or injury, and Khelt shall turn upon you, protection of the King of Destruction or not.”
“I understand, your Majesty.”
