6.55 K
Page 24
Fetohep looked hesitant. Trey tried to describe it. The [King] just shook his head, bemused.
“A dark substance that is eaten so? It does not come to mind. My subjects? Inquire among the [Chefs].”
Two hurried off. Trey thought for a second.
“If it’s not chocolate, then perhaps um—cocoa beans? They’re a plant. Tropical, I think. Maybe you have it, but no one’s turned it into chocolate. Or at least, done it the way we make it in our world.”
Fetohep clicked his fingers.
“If it exists, Khelt surely keeps it. Unless it is not known as a food by any species. Tell the [Chefs] to locate such a…bean?”
“I think so. No, wait—they look like beans, but they come from a big…pod. I think. They should be dried! Or you dry them out and…”
Fetohep was nodding, and his gaze was alight with interest.
“Fascinating. So this other world of yours truly has different foods. From the dishes you ordered, I thought our worlds were too similar. But what else has your world in terms of delights to offer?”
The young man hesitated. Fetohep was genuinely interested, and that interest made the Quarass stir as well. She glanced sharply at Trey, and then cleared her throat. Fetohep glanced towards her. The Quarass spoke softly.
“Will you excuse me a moment, King Fetohep? The flaws of flesh call me.”
“Ah, of course. My attendants will show you what you require.”
Fetohep shook his head slightly. The Quarass nodded. Then she gave him a subtle look and nod that Trey couldn’t interpret. It was towards him. Fetohep paused and Trey, seeing his glance towards his face, took the cue.
“Ah, your Majesty, if you would…”
“Only naturally. Go. I will content myself until your return.”
Fetohep waved Trey and the Quarass away, almost hastily. Two attendants, smiling, showed Trey and the Quarass down a corridor towards the lavatories. They were elaborate. And there was running water! Trey did his business, embarrassed knowing that the servants were waiting outside. He hurried outside—there was no hand washing station, which made him ask for water and soap. They hurried off to get it, and the Quarass emerged from her own door. She looked around and strode towards him at once.
“We have a moment to speak. You sent away the servants?”
“I need soap and water. You, uh, wash your hands?”
“I touched nothing untoward.”
She narrowed her eyes as if Trey was accusing her of something. He bit his lip, but the Quarass shook her head. She drew him aside.
“Fetohep has few flaws. Among them, his faded memory of flesh. I insinuated that you were close to relieving yourself for lack of control of your bladder so we could speak.”
Trey flushed, but the Quarass went on. She was scanning in every direction for the attendants.
“Fetohep is not impressed by strength of arms or threats. I failed to convince him to offer Flos Reimarch something of value; he would rather use force than appear to be Reim’s ally.”
“I understood that too! What do we do?”
The Quarass frowned, tapping one lip. Trey winced.
“I will attempt to persuade him once more, but he speaks truthfully when he states that he dislikes Flos Reimarch’s war of conquest. Fetohep cares for history and your [King]’s will directly opposes his. However, he is vain. He prides Khelt upon being peerless. You observed his look when you spoke of delicacies he was not aware of?”
“Yeah. Do you think—”
The Quarass nodded.
“Do so. And Trey?”
“Yes?”
“Do you have your device? Then this is what we shall do…”
 
—-
 
“Tell me more about the threat of your world, child. And tell me of its majesties.”
