6.55 K
Page 23
“If this other world threatens Khelt, this land will rise up. Or bow. It matters not. Tell Flos of Reim that he will have our subservience when he proves too dangerous to resist. As last time. If he would try Khelt now…he cannot. So I will have his oath sworn in blood and deal with a second world when it threatens. Not before! Your threat is meaningless, Quarass.”
He laughed again, shortly. The Quarass stared up at him. She looked at Trey, and almost lost her balance. He stared at her.
What did they do now? Flos would have to agree to Fetohep’s demands unconditionally or go to war. Either way, he lost, and he had a lot more to lose by going to war, even if Fetohep attacked first. You couldn’t destroy Khelt like Germina. Trey imagined legions of undead, rising without end. How many could Fetohep call upon? How many lay buried in Khelt’s soil? Hundreds of thousands?
Millions?
“I respect your attempt, Quarass. Truly. You have done your utmost for Reim and thus Germina, but I am unmoved. I take this information of a second world with greatest curiosity, however. I would speak of it with you, Trey Atwood, not as a threat to my kingdom, but as a scholar would. Let us return to a more intimate setting.”
Fetohep was magnanimous in his perceived victory. He led the way out of his throne room, and his attendants appeared, escorting them to a smaller sitting room. The Quarass was silent, and Trey could see her clenching her hands, trying to think. But—she was rattled. She was young. And Trey realized she was panicking.
If she’d been older, perhaps she’d have had a chance. But Fetohep’s composure was too much for a, what, a Level 8 [Quarass]? Trey found himself sitting as Fetohep motioned.
“The delicacy. Gelato. Two bowls.”
The word made Trey look up. The attendants were smoothly coming towards them, bearing small buckets of powdered ice. And in them sat two bowls of…Trey’s eyes widened.
“As you are my guests, enjoy of it. I believe our negotiations are finished, so all that remains is to see to your hospitality.  Quarass, Trey Atwood, I present to you a delicacy from Terandria. Milk-based, or so I am told. A creation of sugar. I have been importing it for my [Chefs] to create. It is called gelato—”
“Ice cream?”
Trey gasped as he tasted the frozen dairy. Fetohep broke off. The Quarass glanced up, taking her bowl with ill grace.
“You are…familiar with this treat?”
“Yes! Your Majesty, it comes from Earth! It’s a treat from my home!”
Trey was delighted. Ice cream! Vanilla, unfortunately. Fetohep stared at him.
“Ah. Then perhaps one of your own now stays in Terandria. For that is where this dish originates. It—comes from your world?”
He looked disappointed that Trey knew about it. All the enjoyment of having something unique was gone; even the servants looked disappointed. Trey glanced at the Quarass, but she was sulking as she ate from her bowl. Quickly though—she wasn’t used to sugar and clearly enjoyed it. He on the other hand—well, it was the first time he’d had it in months, but it was still vanilla.
“Well, there’s other kinds. You can flavor it, your Majesty. This is vanilla, but there’s chocolate, strawberry—any number of flavors!”
“Really? The [Merchants] who brought it to me assured me they had brought what is being served in Terandria’s palaces.”
Fetohep looked put out. Trey nodded. He saw the Quarass glance up slightly. The other attendants were listening with interest too.
“Maybe they haven’t invented it yet. Does this world have chocolate?”
“I’m unfamiliar with the word.”
