6.55 K
Page 17
“The few who enter are sometimes Khelt’s children, those who have left. They bring families, children. But still, I demand worth of them. Those that leave and find the harshness of the world to come crawling back I do not allow entry.”
“But some you do.”
The Quarass interjected. Fetohep looked at her. She was smiling faintly. Trey blinked as Fetohep lifted his cup, drinking. He spoke even while drinking; it didn’t seem to interfere with his voice at all.
“They are my children. I give to Khelt’s people peace and prosperity. That is my function, Quarass. That is the reason I am [King]. What other is there?”
She looked at him. And she smiled enviously. Slowly, the child lifted her cup.
“To watch and endure. To guard Chandrar until the end of its days. Yet I fear Germina, for all its past glories, cannot match Khelt’s peace.”
Fetohep lifted his cup and inclined his head.
“A harsh task. Yours is a nation not given Khelt’s advantages, Quarass. Queen Khelta, who founded my nation, was gifted beyond any who have walked Chandrar’s sands.”
“She was the greatest [Necromancer] I have ever met. And just as great a [Queen].”
Softly, the Quarass looked back. And her eyes seemed faraway until they focused on Fetohep. Trey, listening, realized the significance of her words. Fetohep bowed slightly.
“Your words honor Khelt, Quarass.”
She only nodded. The conversation petered out for a moment and Trey realized his stomach was stuffed almost to bursting. He sat back, and then Fetohep put down his empty goblet. He regarded Trey’s mostly empty plate and the Quarass as she let her attendant take her plate away. He nodded, satisfied.
“You have enjoyed your repast. Thus, let us finally discuss matters of state.”
Trey sat up slightly. The Quarass nodded, steepling her hands together on the table. Fetohep’s head slowly turned from her to Trey.
“We spoke of the worth of Queen Khelta. Now, let us speak of that of the arrogant boy who calls himself King of Destruction. I have demanded one thing of Reim and its [King]. An oath, sworn by blood, that Flos of Reim shall not attack or imperil Khelt in any way.”
“You demanded it?”
Trey’s voice stopped the Quarass from replying. She glanced at him. So did Fetohep. The [King] nodded.
“I have sent him messengers from Khelt bearing my will. He has refused to accede. But I do not request this oath. It is a necessity. Should he continue to refuse, Khelt shall march on Reim and bring war to its people without end until his people lie dead and their [King] likewise.”
Trey stared at the [King]. They’d been talking so calmly a moment ago! But Fetohep uttered the threat as if it were suitable to an after-dinner chat. The Quarass frowned. Her eyes flicked to Trey, but she wasn’t surprised either.
“That is an act of aggression unlike Khelt, Fetohep. You have heard the King of Destruction’s oath of peace, have you not?”
“Words. I look not to empty promises, but to history, Quarass.”
Fetohep’s tone grew harsher. The flames in his eye sockets turned darker, deeper in color.
“I am all too aware of his ambitions. Once, Flos of Reim conquered almost all of Chandrar and Khelt was forced to bend knee to him. So as not to be destroyed, we paid the King of Destruction’s tribute in food and coin and our people’s lives, to fight in his armies. Khelt has done so in the past, but each instance of subservience is an affront. This time, I do not intend to give such tributes to Reim. Thus, the oath made in blood. Flos of Reim will not forswear it lightly.”
 
—-
 
