6.55 K
Page 26
Trey pulled out his smartphone. Fetohep paused, stared at it, and then, as Trey hit the power button, the glowing screen. He stared at Trey. The young woman stared too, entranced by the foreign, artificial light.
“…What is that?”
“A device from my world, your Eternal Majesty. It’s a phone. A smartphone. It doesn’t run on magic. It’s an artifact with many functions.”
“How is it made? How does it work?”
Fetohep peered at the screen as Trey unlocked it. His eyes focused on the apps, the words. He wasn’t a fool. He could read and Trey saw the Quarass nodding at him covertly.
“Would you like to inspect it, your Majesty?”
“Perhaps. Do you simply…touch the screen? And…”
“Yes. Like this. And uh, it has a password. You just turned it off, so if you want to use it—it’s 4467.”
“And this—”
“It has pictures. Videos. Games—”
The young woman edged over to stare at the phone, entranced. King Fetohep paused, as Trey began tapping on apps. The Quarass waited, and then yawned openly. Fetohep glanced up, distracted, and she bowed.
“My apologies, Fetohep. This body is young. And the hour is late. I must beg your forgiveness—”
She yawned again. Instantly, Fetohep rose.
“Ah. A child’s stamina. I forget youth. Let us retire then, Quarass. Your rooms await. My people shall take you to them. Trey Atwood as well. It is already—”
He paused. Trey was yawning too; it wasn’t even act after seeing the Quarass. The golden gaze went towards him and Fetohep nodded.
“Close to midnight. Yes. I feel we must adjourn.”
He looked disappointed. Trey knew it was his turn again and gestured to the iPhone that Fetohep still held.
“Um, your Majesty, you could keep my phone. I won’t need it as I sleep.”
“This?”
“Yes, your Majesty. If you’d like to use it.”
Fetohep hesitated. But then he nodded regally.
“I accept the gift. It will be returned to you as you rise. An intriguing device. Attendants. The Quarass and Trey Atwood shall slumber.”
They came forwards, bowing. The young woman who’d waited on Trey smiled mischievously as she led him to the door. She leaned over and whispered.
“Would you like me to visit you in your rooms, guest?”
“What?”
Trey jumped. That wasn’t part of the plan. The young woman cocked her head.
“It would be my pleasure.”
“Uh—”
Trey glanced back at Fetohep. The [King] looked up for a moment and the young Kheltian woman shook her head.
“It is freely given, guest. Many would like to see you. Visitors seldom come to Khelt and I would be honored to entertain a vassal of the King of Destruction.”
Social prestige. Trey turned bright red. He stammered as he backed away.
“Uh—um—I’m fine. Thank you!”
She looked disappointed and he instantly second-guessed himself. But the Quarass was giving him a look. Stick to the plan. But then the second young woman among the group smiled at him.
“Would you like me to visit you, then?”
“Or me?”
That came from the young man. Trey tried to stammer again, and Fetohep glanced upwards.
“Attendants. Leave him be. Four shall remain upon my will and that of my guests. The rest of you will disperse.”
The attendants sighed, looking disappointed. Trey fled as the young woman led him and the Quarass towards their rooms. She looked very disappointed, staring at Trey as the Quarass tried to stop yawning in front of her room. She pointed at Trey, fixing him with a glare between jaw-cracking yawns.
“I will—tomorrow—before he meets Reimarch—negotiate.”
She cursed.
