6.55 K
Page 31
Flos Reimarch waited at Khelt’s border as the sun rose to midday. He had ridden out early, so as to be there. Even with his Skills, it was a fair ride, and so it was customary to await a meeting as the sun reached its zenith. He waited with Gazi and an entourage of a few hundred. The Serpent’s Hunters and Parasol Stroll were there, but Flos himself was not armed for war.
Gazi was. Or at least, she wore her armor and bore her claymore wherever she went. And she was the more worried of the two as they waited together on horseback. She looked up at her [King] before breaking the silence.
“You sent Mars back, my lord. Was that wise?”
Flos smiled. He stroked his beard, eyes watching Khelt’s horizon for movement. Gazi had already seen it, but it was yet indistinguishable for Flos.
“I don’t believe she will be needed. And would you be happier if Mars and Orthenon were here? Takhatres too, for that matter?”
Gazi paused and then shook her head restlessly. Two of her eyes focused ahead, tracking something. Someones.
“We can ill-afford a war with Khelt, my Lord. Even if we hold the border, he would threaten us eternally. And we cannot remove Khelt’s threat so easily. Are you certain that the Quarass and Trey will be successful? If not…”
Would you cave into Fetohep’s demands? Both knew Flos. The King of Destruction paused.
“I am not sure, Gazi. But I do not intend war. Fetohep may have his demands, but I desire Khelt as an ally. Still. Have faith!”
“In whom?”
The Quarass could not be trusted entirely. Gazi had known three, and this new one seemed no less dangerous for her youth. Flos just smiled again.
“Trey, of course.”
“What can he do?”
The half-Gazer looked highly skeptical. Flos laughed.
“Gazi, Gazi. I may be a poor ruler compared to Fetohep, at least when it comes to turning my kingdom into one of riches. I fully acknowledge it! In diplomacy, experience—perhaps many ways, Fetohep may exceed my talents. He has guided Khelt as well as any of their eternal rulers, after all. However, I believe I overtake him in a few areas.”
“Your ability to eat and drink?”
Flos snorted and nearly sprayed a mouthful of water out as he took a sip. He laughed, coughing.
“That at least! And war! But no—I mean in one other way. I do know my subjects. I have something of an eye for people, or so I like to think. Trey is a poor diplomat. But that is not why I sent him.”
“Why then?”
Flos smiled. He looked sideways, down at Gazi. She resisted the urge to look at him with all four eyes.
“Why, because you have somehow taken him as a pupil, Gazi. You, the terror of my Seven, famously aloof, even more so than Amerys and Drevish. And he worries about you when you do something as simple as jumping out a window. He is a poor diplomat, yes. But he is kind. He listens. And I think—”
He broke off. The King of Destruction had seen the trail of dust at last. He called out and urged his mount forwards. Gazi rode with him. Across Khelt’s borders, the undead soldiers of Khelt rose, forming a double line in the sand. They knelt. And Fetohep of Khelt rode through them.
He was not alone. The Quarass and Trey rode in the plain carriage behind him, while the white-faced man of Germina followed Fetohep. In his carriage, Trey was nervously chattering to Fetohep as the [King] rode alongside them.
“No, you see, your Majesty, it’s actually based on a series of books. And this is a modern adaptation. In the original series, Sherlock doesn’t have any technology like uh, well, anything you see in the modern version. However, the basic story’s the same…”
