6.55 K
Page 0

Fetohep of Khelt stood on the steps of his palace, looking down at Trey and the Quarass. He was dead. His skin mummified. His sockets were sunken, his lips and nose worn away. But his face was not empty, like that of a cadaver.
His eyes burned. Like the ghostly flames that stared out of an undead skeleton’s eye sockets. But Fetohep’s were golden. And they had an intelligence to them, an awareness and personality that Trey had never seen in the undead.
The [King] was dressed in long, flowing robes made of silk. As he raised one arm, the cloth caught the sun. His people, the citizens of Khelt, bowed. The kneeling undead made no move.
“Quarass.”
It was an invitation. Trey looked at the Quarass. She dipped her head and began to ascend the stairs. Trey started. He stared up uneasily at Fetohep.
A lich. That was what he was, wasn’t he? Or—it all fit. An undying [King] for Khelt. Don’t insult his appearance, the Quarass had said. Trey swallowed his nerves and hurried up the steps after the Quarass.
She was ascending slowly. Trey matched her pace, walking next to her. She glanced at him and frowned darkly. The girl made a tsking sound. Trey paused uncertainly, but her glare went without words to explain. She kept walking and he tried to match her pace.
Fetohep’s burning gaze watched as the two approached him. He looked at Trey for the first time and the young man froze and nearly missed a step. Trey stumbled forwards and the Quarass stopped at the top of the steps.
Now they were on a level, even if she was far shorter than he, still a girl. Trey hesitated. Did he do the bow now or…?
“Quarass of Germina. We greet you again. Your death troubled us greatly.”
Fetohep’s voice made Trey jump. It came out of his mouth, not verbalized by any vocal chords or tongue. It had a subtle echo, and each word was perfectly intoned. Precise. Fetohep looked down at the Quarass. She inclined her head.
“Fetohep of Khelt. It is our pleasure to walk Khelt’s soil once more. We thank you for your welcome, on behalf of Germina and Reim.”
“Ah yes. Reim.”
The twin lights in Fetohep’s sockets flashed a bit brighter at that. He did not look once at Trey as his voice darkened.
“You speak on behalf of Flos of Reim, Quarass? He has failed to respond to my messages. Now, he sends another to bargain in his place.”
The Quarass paused.
“The King of Destruction regrets his pressing duties of state, King Fetohep. We have come—”
Fetohep interrupted her, slashing one hand abruptly. Trey was aware of all of Khelt’s citizens and the undead army, watching the exchange from afar. Sweat was beading down his back, despite the shade.
“You have come because that boy refuses to swear the oath we demand of him. And because he has no social graces. It is an insult.”
He paused, and then nodded slightly to the girl.
“Nevertheless, your presence, Quarass, we do respect. If you would speak on Flos Reimarch’s behalf, be warned. We have little patience for his folly. Yet, you yourself are still welcome. Enter by our will and avail yourself without hesitation of Khelt’s riches. You are an honored guest. And your consort?”
He gestured towards the palace behind him. Only then did his head turn and his gaze find Trey. The young man opened his mouth. And then he caught onto Fetohep’s words.
Consort? Trey stared at the Quarass. She was staring at him, narrow-eyed. Trey paused and then realized his mistake too late. He’d walked beside the Quarass coming up the stairs. That was probably—Trey paled, but the Quarass was unflinching. She looked up at Fetohep and shook her head slightly.
