6.55 K
Page 16
The Quarass flicked her fork. Trey felt something flick him in the side of the head and yelped. She had excellent aim! He chose his words carefully as Fetohep stared at him.
“Pardon me, your Majesty. I’m just surprised. That seems…unfair?”
He heard Fetohep sigh.
“How so, Trey Atwood? Were I to allow my citizens to reproduce freely, Khelt would overflow. Even it cannot sustain a population which grows indefinitely. The right to bear children is sacred; indeed, many are unprepared for such responsibility. It is something to work for and thus, a freedom treasured.”
“Still—”
Trey gulped down his objections. He tried to think of it from Fetohep’s perspective. Certainly it wouldn’t be good to have someone Trey’s age or younger having a baby. And yet—wasn’t it a universal right? But he knew it wasn’t the thing to debate right now, so Trey cast around for a change of topic.
“Are there any who don’t wish to enjoy themselves, your Majesty? Who seek something more?”
Fetohep tapped one finger against his cup as he lifted it. Softly, he looked at his attendant. The young man paused, flushing as his [King] regarded him. Fetohep nodded.
“Some do. They become my administrators, or the living commanders of my army. Some few hone their levels. But often, those of my people who crave more leave Khelt. It is a choice I offer all my subjects.”
“They leave?”
This time one of Fetohep’s eyes flashed. Trey was learning to understand that he communicated with his eyes more than the rest of his body.
“My people are not prisoners. They may leave Khelt at any time, Trey Atwood. With my blessing. With coin and provisions, with the [Merchants] allowed to enter my realm. No child may be taken, but any who has reached adulthood may go. The condition is simply this: they may not return.”
“Oh.”
Harsh. Fetohep read it in Trey’s face. He shook his head.
“Khelt allows few visitors past its borders each year, Trey Atwood. Some years less than a hundred. Less than ten. Most are [Merchants]. Few are diplomats such as yourself; but I have little need of them. Rarest still are those whom are allowed to stay. It is not a privilege one can toss away lightly.”
“Of course. I didn’t mean to imply that. I—who is allowed to stay? Foreigners?”
“Few. [Scholars]. [Mages], occasionally. Sometimes a half-Elf, who seeks Khelt’s eternity to remain. Each one I judge. Each one must offer Khelt something of worth to be allowed to stay. No others may enter even should they wish it, and they have come in centuries past. By the hundreds of thousands, begging for refuge, for Khelt’s protection. Whatever the reason, they never step onto Khelt’s soil.”
Silence. Trey saw the Quarass look up. She regarded him.
“You are uncomfortable with that idea too, Trey Atwood?”
Both of them were looking at him. Trey shifted.
“No. Yes. I mean—if they’re desperate—what happens to them?”
“They die.”
“Yes.”
Neither Fetohep nor the Quarass hesitated. Nor did he seem bothered by the question.
“It is not maliciousness, but necessity that forces me to ward my borders, child. Khelt cannot endure foreigners. Such people ferment rebellion. They object to Khelt’s way of life, seek to gain power, or overturn the rule of Khelt’s kings. They would destroy what Khelt is. So they are not allowed entry.”
Simple as that. The Quarass was nodding, almost approvingly. Trey looked from face to face. Fetohep went on, musing, refusing a refill of the ghostly liquid.
