6.55 K
Page 19
“Fruitless? Fetohep, you recall the ambitions of Flos Reimarch were no empty promises. He united almost all of Chandrar before his slumber. His armies spanned the deserts beyond number! Other continents walked warily of Chandrar. Can you call the dreams of such a [King] fruitless?”
“Of course. How could you argue for him, Quarass?”
The Quarass hesitated. Her mind raced ahead of the argument. Trey Atwood, at his seat, looked confused.
“But your Majesty, King Flos did conquer the continent. Even if he was conquering—”
“I am not referring to that, Trey Atwood. No. I ask the Quarass: what was the point?”
Fetohep paused. He looked across at the Quarass, who was biting her lip.
“Six hundred years. Six hundred and fifty three. That is how long I have ruled Khelt. It is a long time. Long, yet short to the Quarass of Germina. Even so. Trey Atwood. Look at me. What do you see?”
He gestured to his emaciated form. Trey hesitated.
“I see—a [King]?”
“What of my flesh?”
“It’s—preserved?”
Fetohep’s eyes flashed slightly. The Quarass tensed, but they were good answers. The [King] shook his head.
“You make no mention of my appearance. Spare me flatter, Trey Atwood. Look at me. What do you see?”
A pause. Trey’s voice was quiet.
“An undead body.”
“Rotting. Fading. Slowly, by turns, but nevertheless. Flesh decays, child. You see me in my  death. Now look. See my arm. The flesh which continues to rot upon my frame. Even my bones slowly turn to dust. This may be my final century; or if not this one, in two hundred years, the magics that keep me will fail and I will turn to dust. Even with all our magics, Khelt’s rulers must still fade. As all things will.”
Trey was silent. The Quarass was too. She listened as Fetohep went on.
“Nevertheless, I am ancient as other species measure time. Even half-Elves seldom live to my age. Now I hear the Quarass speak of Flos’ glories. And I say, what glories? He is but a passing memory to Khelt’s existence. What reason have I to admire what fades and burns away with the quickness of a candle’s flame?”
Ah. The Quarass saw his argument. She opened her mouth, but Fetohep fixed her with a glare. He went on, speaking to Trey. The young man couldn’t understand, but the Quarass and Fetohep did.
“I remember when the boy-king named Flos of Reim defeated Hellios’ [King] in a duel that astounded all of Chandrar. I recall when that same boy rode to war against the Order of Black Judgment and ended a system that had existed longer than I. And I recall the moment when word came that he had given up his dream of conquest and entered into a slumber. All of it passed while I remained here. It feels like yesterday. Do you understand, Trey Atwood? His kingdom rose and fell in the course of decades! You say he conquered Chandrar, that he unified a continent? Is it so today?”
Trey opened his mouth, but he didn’t reply. The Quarass cursed internally. Fetohep looked at her and shook his head.
“Your [King]’s rise and fall, you unending Quarasses, all of it is temporary. I am temporary. Why should Khelt risk itself for what will soon crumble to dust? I admit he is a [King] like no other in his generation. But how quickly they pass! Flos is but a man who comes every four hundred years. No more. Greater rulers have broken themselves upon the throne of the world in times past.”
He flicked his hand dismissively. Now the Quarass did speak. She sharply struck the table with her cup and Fetohep glanced at her.
