6.56
Page 23
Kam raised her hand, looking worried. None of the adventurers were protesting Bevussa’s injunction now. If anything, Yvlon agreed. Were they too close? Bevussa shook her head.
“Most of the Bloodfields’ threats are stationary. The bugs, for instance, don’t pursue you that far. And the Watchertrees? Totally safe if you stay away. That’s why the radius is important. Frankly, you need to be worried about creatures living around the Bloodfields; there are monsters in the area. But we want to make sure you don’t wander close. Got it?”
Everyone nodded. Bevussa flew lower. Now her team took wing. The Wings of Pallass joined Bevussa and she pointed.
“I’m with you all just for today. I won’t be around to bail you out; I might be in the dungeon or unavailable. So we’ll be flying above, watching you. These are some [Scouts] from Liscor. [Pathfinders]—and [Master Builder] Reikhle is from Pallass. He’ll be helping determine which way we’ll be setting a path. Your job is to escort the [Scouts]; each team pair off with a scout and coordinate your path. They know where to go!”
Suddenly, it was work. And credit where credit was due; the Silver-rank teams might have been nervous from the threat of the Bloodfields, and new to Liscor, but they were still adventurers. Each captain began calling orders and Yvlon found Ceria and Ksmvr. They made their way to a Drake [Scout].
“Excuse me? I’m Ceria, Captain of the Horns of Hammerad.”
“Hissle. Don’t laugh. I’m a [Pathfinder]. Is this your team?”
Ceria nodded.
“There’s only three of us today; our fourth members’ occupied. Is that a problem? Should we double up?”
The Drake paused.
“Hm. Maybe. Let’s see what Captain Bevussa has to say. How fast is your team?”
“We can jog. Yvlon, you can keep up, right?”
“I can. Can you?”
Yvlon looked pointedly at Ceria. The half-Elf was the least in shape. She turned red.
“I’ve been running! Grimalkin’s been forcing me to do all kinds of lifts with those stupid weights—”
“Hey! That team! Yes, you! Thunder’s Solace? With the Horns of Hammerad! There! Partner up with Scout Hissle!”
Bevussa’s voice shouted from overhead. Yvlon winced, but Captain Alais and her team didn’t protest. Awkwardly, she made room for the other team and Hissle looked around.
“My name’s Hissle. Don’t laugh. I’m the [Pathfinder] tasked with the eastern side—we’ll be taking that route. It’s some climbing, but we’ll move as fast as you’re comfortable. Let’s confer before we get moving. Who has detection Skills? I’ll share point if there’s someone with similar Skills to mine. And who are the team captains? I know Captain Springwalker. And the other is…?”
“Alais. This is Thunder’s Solace. We have a [Tracker]. Ceria?”
Alais stepped forwards and Hissle shook her hand. Ceria shook her head.
“All we’ve got is Ksmvr. He’s fast, though. [Skirmisher]. And he can jump. Should we put him on the front?”
Hissle brightened up.
“I’d appreciate that. Extra security is nice. Uh—oh, one of the new Antinium? Are you painted?”
He looked at Ksmvr. The former Prognugator shook his head.
“I am a disgrace.”
“Uh—”
The [Pathfinder] looked at Ceria. She shook her head. He paused.
“Right then! Let’s get marching. We’ll sort out an order of movement and commands; for now, listen to me when I shout! If any of you see something suspicious, shout it out and everyone groups up, understand? If one of the Wings of Pallass shouts? Pay attention!”
