6.56
Page 13
He didn’t even meet her gaze. Yvlon still remembered hitting him again and again in the Adventurer’s Guild. She turned to Alais. The rest of Thunder’s Solace only glanced up at Yvlon.
A bad scene.
“Well, I think we’ll go look for Ceria. Meeting’s about to start. We’ll talk after. Alais?”
“Right.”
Unconvincing smiles. Yvlon backed away. But she’d played nice and—and that was important. She knew the other teams had seen her. Many of them were groups she recognized. Some were whispering.
Yvlon Byres. Captain of the Silver Spears. One of the leaders of the group that got wiped out in Liscor’s dungeon. It felt like forever ago, but her reputation still haunted her. She walked towards the main doors, looking for Ceria. Ksmvr stared at the Boltspitters and Thunder’s Solace. The adventurers stared at him too, but for different reasons. He edged closer and they all leaned back, staring at the Antinium.
Ksmvr glanced over his shoulder at Yvlon, paused and whispered.
“Dominance.”
“Ksmvr, stop that!”
He hurried after her and found Yvlon outside. She was leaning against the side of the Guild, massaging her arms again. The Antinium saw her look up with a grimace.
“Don’t provoke them, Ksmvr. We made up. We can at least be civil.”
“I am sorry, Yvlon.”
Ksmvr lowered his head. Yvlon instantly smiled, and then felt at her arm again. It didn’t hurt. It should, but—she felt liquid. And as she sniffed at the edges of her armor she grimaced. Foul. She shook her head.
“I’m not angry, Ksmvr. It’s funny. They don’t actually mind you as much. I think they actually respect you for taking out all those [Bandits].”
“I understand the joke. The hated Antinium is given higher esteem than the fellow Human adventurers. I will register my amusement if laughter is indicated. But I do not believe their complaint is valid, Yvlon.”
“Yeah, well—I nearly broke Caddin’s jaw. That’s enough reason to hold a grudge again. Look, just be polite when we go back in. There’ll be other teams—Ceria and I can handle them. Just as well Pisces isn’t with us. We can’t take all of them in a brawl.”
Ksmvr tilted his head as if counting and nodded at last. He stared as Yvlon cursed.
“Your arms are not well, Yvlon?”
She looked up. He was staring at her arms. Few people knew the extent of Yvlon’s injuries except for her friends. She had been injured a while back. At Albez. A fire elemental had melted her old armor. And the metal had burnt right into her arms. Lodged there.
Metal mixed with bone. It had made her arms weak, so fragile they could break if she hit something too hard. Yvlon had thought it was the end of her career—until Pisces had helped her reinforce the bone. Now her arms looked—well, she didn’t feel the alterations he’d made and they were as solid as ever. She didn’t even feel pain if she didn’t want to. She could literally [Ignore Pain]. But another complication had emerged a week back. She shook her head.
“It’s not bad. Just a bit infected. I’ve had worse.”
Pus and blood. That was what she’d see if she opened the gauntlets. Ksmvr stared at her arms and Yvlon looked away. The Antinium’s voice was serious.
“It is not good, Comrade Yvlon. Infections are very bad for a [Warrior]. A healing potion will make it worse. That is how potions work.”
“I know. I know, Ksmvr. I just can’t take a bad injury, that’s all. And if I used a potion, it might clear up.”
