6.56
Page 6
“See our staff? We’ve got [Builders] and [Carpenters] working with us now, thanks to the money we’re getting from working and the northern team. I’ve got apartments leased so we’re all in one place, and I’m even looking at making some sort of deal in Celum or Liscor for the same for our new [Actors]. Honestly, we could even afford to buy a place to perform and store our things if you weren’t hosting us. I might need to tell Wesle to stop sending coin!”
“Don’t do that! Take it and use it!”
One of the other Human [Actors], a woman, urged Temile. She looked at Erin.
“Miss Solstice, we can’t fall behind! Emme says their [Writers] are doing bits and pieces, but nothing as good as what we have yet. Can’t you give us anything new? Our regular crowd has seen everything so far and since we can’t all go through the door to Pallass…”
They were all looking at her. Erin winced; Shakespeare and the classics of the acting world were a high bar to force [Writers] to match. She sighed.
“I dunno, guys. I’m serious—I can’t remember any full plays. I have a Skill and I’m empty.”
“What about the story you mentioned?”
“What, The Lorax? It—doesn’t translate well.”
“Give it a try!”
Now even the Drakes and Gnolls practicing their lines were gathering. Erin held up her hands, trying not to succumb to peer pressure. And failing.
“No—come on. It’s just a kid’s story. You see, there’s this, uh, magical protector of the forests, and this guy who begins selling these uh, special, magical trees that provide a unique substance—”
The crowd listened attentively. Erin realized that the story of Dr. Seuss’ classics were actually very plausible in this world. She gave them an abbreviated version of the story, ending with the message of environmental awareness.
“And then there were no more trees, see? And so it’s terrible. And that’s the ending.”
She looked around, gauging the reaction of the crowd. Erin had thought that a message of conservation wouldn’t exactly fly in the pre-industrial world she now lived in. Surprisingly though, some of the Gnolls were nodding solemnly. They got it. Temile and the Drakes on the other hand…
One of the Drakes raised a claw, frowning.
“So why doesn’t he find another forest?”
“It’s unique, obviously. That’s the point.”
“So? Replant the damn things! Or get a [Druid] to regrow it all. Even a [Farmer] could do it, although it would take a few years. Easy. Oh! I get it! It’s a lesson about not being prepared. Duh.”
“It’s certainly not as dramatic as love betrayed, death, and the downfall of the mighty due to hubris and the follies of men.”
Temile sighed.
“And Drakes and Gnolls.”
Someone else put that in helpfully. Erin had to smile. She shook her head.
“Sorry. I tried the haunted house thing, but Gnolls smell too well. I suppose we could use illusions?”
“Maybe?”
Temile had helped set up the fake scenes with Erin. He stepped back and called into the crowd.
“Where’s Jexam?”
“Here!”
A Drake pushed himself forwards. Erin blinked; he bowed slightly to her as Temile introduced him.
“This is our special effects person, Erin. Jexam, tell Miss Erin about your abilities.”
The Drake shook Erin’s hand, beaming.
“A pleasure, Miss Solstice! I am indeed the uh, special effects of the plays. [Hedge Mage]. Self-taught. I do all the illusions for the Players of Celum—this group, at least. I know our main troupe was seeking out a real [Illusionist]. I’m afraid though that my abilities aren’t enough to handle your idea of this haunted house.”
“Don’t be modest! I’ve seen you doing effects and they’re great! I love the snow magic! It even feels cold!”
