6.56
Page 5
Changes to the inn. Now there was a [Goblin Soulbard] in the inn along with a [Princess], both of whom had powers they could use only a few times a day. It meant that for a minute, Numbtongue could be Pyrite. He often shared meals with the other Hobgoblin—or used him when mining in the mountains. Or sometimes, Pyrite just appeared, to sit for a minute, or enjoy a drink.
It was sad and kind and Erin had no idea what to make of it entirely. On the other hand, she knew exactly how to feel about Lyonette and that was jealously.
“[Flawless Attempt]—done!”
Lyonette came out of the kitchen with a nearly-perfectly done veggie burger, courtesy of Erin’s recipe, but the product of Lyonette’s Skill. It wasn’t perfect—Erin had seen Lasica, a real [Chef] making food in an instant and of higher quality than should have been strictly possible with her Skills.
Still, Erin would have wagered this was as good as any regular cook’s best efforts from Earth! It wasn’t perfect, again, but it was the best attempt Lyonette could conceivably do, which meant she had made a darn good burger!
Out of veggies. The Gnolls sniffed the air once and shook their heads. The Drakes looked equally disgusted, but Hawk looked delighted.
“This is great! I’m coming back to this inn more often! It’s hard to find a place besides Tails and Scales that serves convenient non-meat food.”
“It’s hard living among carnivores, you mean. Drakes and Gnolls. You should live among half-Elves. They’re more your style.”
Ceria spoke up from her table. That was somewhat ironic, and Hawk gave her a knowing look.
“Miss Ceria, I’ve seen you eat all-meat dishes three nights in a row.”
The half-Elf blushed.
“Yeah, well—I’m not a typical half-Elf. Meat’s good alright?”
“Yeah! Let’s have real hamburgers! For free?”
Relc pounded the table. Lyonette just folded her arms. Laughing, Erin turned back to Numbtongue and found he was engrossed in his book. She went on.
“Temile! Bad news! The haunted house idea might not work on Gnolls!”
“Really? Damn!”
The [Actor] looked up from the rehearsal and cursed. He was now actually a [Producer], if a low-level one. But he had taken charge of the Players of Celum and was whipping his new cast of Drakes, Gnolls and Humans into shape. Erin shrugged helplessly.
“Sorry. Unless you or the Players who went north get the [Writers] to make more plays, you might be outta luck. Because I’m all outta plays. I’ve used up all the ones I actually knew from home. I mean, you could try The Lorax or something, but I don’t think it works.”
“The what?”
Temile looked up excitedly. Erin waved a hand.
“No, no. It’s a children’s story. It’s not a good play.”
“Oh.”
The [Actors] not practicing had gathered around Erin. She was a bit embarrassed by the way they treated her—she was almost like a boss and an acting legend to them, as the person who’d helped them discover the world of theatre to begin with. She cleared her throat, embarrassed.
“Any word from Wesle, Jasi, and the rest?”
Temile sighed enviously.
“Just bits and pieces. I’ve heard they’re going north. They’re actually around Invrisil by now! They’ve been performing in each city—sold out shows once word got out. They’d stay a few days, then go by carriage to the next city! Apparently they’re making more money than they can spend! And some of it’s come back!”
He nodded around significantly to the other [Actors] and then pointed to the rest of the crew.
