6.56
Page 2
Lyonette raised her voice warning, but it was too late. Relc and Hawk turned as Erin’s arm shot out.
“Go get it!”
Patrons ducked or swore as Erin threw the plate down the length of the [Grand Theatre]. It had far to go—the expanded common room could hold hundreds of people very comfortably and Erin had thrown the plate and cake far enough to hit the [Actors] on stage at the back of the room.
But it never made it that far. Hawk and Relc jumped out of line and the plate sailed ten feet before Hawk zipped past Relc and caught the plate. He swore—he’d been just a step behind.
“Hey! The big slice is mine!”
“Eat my tail, Relc!”
Hawk laughed and he came to a stop, already chewing down a bite on a fork. Relc glared at him.
“You suck.”
“I’m a Courier. Even the Gecko of Liscor can’t beat these legs.”
Relc opened his mouth, looked around, and made a strangled sound.
“Jerk! Hey! I’m at the front! Excuse me! Excuse me.”
Erin rolled her eyes, but she doled out the portions of cake to all of her guests. There were only about forty people in her inn at the moment. Put another way, there were forty people in the inn, and she was lucky not all wanted cake. Mrsha scarfed hers before Rufelt had even tasted his, and she peered over the table at his plate, licking crumbs out of her fur.
“Hm. This does taste different! I quite like it.”
Rufelt smiled as he tasted the carrot cake. Erin smiled.
“Whaddya think? Hawk? Good or not?”
The Courier smiled. He gave Erin a thumbs-up as he savored his last bite.
“I like it! How much for one?”
“Um, eight silver. Frosting runs you an extra four, but I can do any decoration you like.”
Rufelt’s brows shot up.
“Half a gold piece for a cake? Pricey.”
“Well—it’s unique to my inn for now. And it costs four to six silver for the ingredients alone depending on how much some of the stuff is. Two silver’s fair! Plus, Lyonette would kill me if I charged five.”
“Oh, absolutely not five. Seven or six would be fairer.”
The [Bartender] remarked thoughtfully. Hawk shook his head.
“I don’t care if it’s nine so long as it’s not an entire gold piece. And I’ll pay for frosting. How about…oh, can I make it a name?”
“Ooh. Got someone in mind?”
“Absolutely. I want to have something made of carrots that a date can like. Can you write Asheli? That’s ‘ash’ plus ‘e’, ‘l’, ‘i‘…”
Erin nodded. Ishkr was scribbling down the order on a quill with ink near the kitchen.
“It’s all on the order log! I’ll have it by tomorrow morning. You want hearts?”
Relc sniggered.
“Absolutely.”
Hawk was unembarrassed. He fished around in his jerkin pockets and came up with a glint of gold. Mrsha looked at it, deeply impressed.
“Can you change this?”
“Just one second! And would you like something else to drink? To eat?”
Moved by the speed of glitter, Lyonette was there and giving Hawk his change. He paused, thoughtfully.
“You know, Erin mentioned she’d made carrot bread. And carrot noodles…”
“Oh, the special orders? We can serve you a sample! Ishkr, bring out the two special dishes and some bowls! Free to everyone who wants to try it!”
Another cheer. Erin might have been surprised by Lyonette’s sudden generosity, but the glint in the [Princess]’s eyes was all avarice. Rufelt leaned on the table as Mrsha grabbed her plate.
“No licking! You can have some of the pasta or bread, but not too much!”
Erin scolded the Gnoll cub. Mrsha sighed. Rufelt laughed. He leaned over the table as Ishkr trotted into the kitchen to boil said pasta and heat up the bread. You couldn’t have carrot bread without it being warm and having butter, after all! He nodded at the patrons.
