6.56
Page 10
That was what it meant to be a [Warrior]. So she was already raising her two-handed sword, knocking the blade aside. It meant she had also seen the stab coming from the side. She pivoted, letting it slash across her armor. Her sword darted in, chopping quickly at her opponent’s unguarded side.
Normally that would be enough. But what got her each time was her opponent. He had three arms. And the enchanted buckler caught her attack and neutralized it. All the force she’d put into the blow stopped on the glowing force field of energy in the air. Yvlon Byres saw ripples as she retreated. Too slow. Ksmvr swung the dagger and his practice sword. She saw him use a Skill—
Yvlon raised her sword and Ksmvr’s sword slashed across her guard with a crack of wood meeting wood that made some of the other sparring partners glance up from their sessions. Yvlon winced and called out.
“Pause! Ksmvr, that’s good enough for today.”
Obediently, the Antinium [Skirmisher] lowered his weapons. He’d been zipping around their dueling area, using his newfound [Quick Movement] Skill to pressure her. Yvlon lowered her blade, wiping sweat from her forehead as she removed her helmet. Ksmvr hopped over to the place where they’d stored their actual weapons and came back with a bottle of water.
True to the Antinium’s practical nature, he had already drunk a few mouthfuls. Yvlon accepted the bottle, smiling.
“Thanks, Ksmvr.”
“You are welcome, Yvlon.”
The two were training in the Adventurer’s Guild’s practice yard. It was fairly full even in the morning; it was one of the few areas in the city where people were able to practice their skill at arms. And in a world where [Warriors] went toe-to-toe with monsters and magic-users, they had to practice. Now, Yvlon and Ksmvr stopped for a small break. If people were waiting they’d have given up the sparring circle, but they had time. A pair of Gnolls were exchanging artful cuts with axe vs sword to their left and no one was using the place to their right.
“You predicted my [Quick Slash], Yvlon. I am most impressed. May I ask how you anticipated it?”
Yvlon smiled at Ksmvr. She gestured with her sword to his. He had kept his Forceshield Buckler since it wasn’t dangerous in the sparring match, but he’d substituted his regular enchanted shortsword and Flamecoat Dagger for wooden ones to keep the spar fair. Just like how she’d put away her Sword of Weight and taken a bastard sword instead.
“I knew it was coming, Ksmvr. You should have gotten my back or forced me into a position where I can’t block it. I’m always ready for it.”
“Ah. But if you were not you, Yvlon, surely I would catch you by surprise?”
The two were discussing tactics. It was their custom to spar every day and they were a regular sight at the Adventurer’s Guild. Yvlon shrugged, feeling at her arms.
She was wearing armor. Enchanted steel—a bit mismatched in decoration because it had all been bought piece-meal, and a bit ill-fitting compared to her brother’s custom plate, but still high-quality. It was more expensive than anyone but a Gold-rank adventurer could field, really. But her arms—
Yvlon never took off the armor that covered her arms, from the wrist all the way to her shoulders. Never in public, and usually, not even when she was alone. Ksmvr noticed the motion and Yvlon stopped herself. She cleared her throat.
