6.56
Page 19
“Move it, you inbred Humans! I see you in that armor! Move it! Don’t you know how to walk?”
“Dead gods. That was the Guildmistress? They’re so—military around here!”
Alais panted, too wide-eyed to be awkward as Ceria and Yvlon fell into place next to them. Yvlon had to grin.
“Welcome to Liscor.”
 
—-
 
“Hey Bevussa! Ceria, Yvlon, Ksmvr! My favorite team!”
Another surprise greeted the Human adventurers at the inn. They’d all come through, but the sight of Erin Solstice, a bunch of [Actors] trying to put on zombie makeup, and a carrot cake stumped them. Bevussa turned as they poured into the room via the door.
“Alright! Everyone move forwards! To that side! We’re going back through the door! Erin, I set up the door. It’s the purple stone now. Where is—”
“Lyonette already added it to the dial. We even have labels now! See?”
The adventurers all turned and saw the purple stone marked ‘Bloodfields’ on it. Bevussa nodded.
“Don’t let anyone wander around near there or go through, Erin. Oh—and I’m supposed to tell you your service fee’s coming.”
“Awesome! Hey everyone! I’m Erin Solstice! This is my inn and you’re using my door! It’s free of charge and we’ve got a connection to Esthelm! You can go to Pallass, but you have to apply. And this is my favorite team in all of Liscor! The Horns!”
Erin waved at Ceria, Yvlon, and Ksmvr. Yvlon flushed and Bevussa raised an eyebrow.
“All of Liscor? What about us or the Halfseekers?”
“Uh—hey Bevussa, want some cake? It’s carrot! Hey, you adventurers! Any of you ever had cake?”
Some of the teams looked very interested; they’d probably not even stopped when coming through to the guild. Bevussa shook her head briskly.
“No time, Erin. We’ll come back later. Everyone through? Okay—someone turn that dial to the purple stone. Yes, just turn it. Then open the door—go on through, but don’t go anywhere!”
She began barking orders. Erin waved the adventurers off.
“Alright, but when you get back, I’ve got cake ready! Ooh, and potions and my special Scale Soup! Lyonette, we’re doing a product demonstration when they get back! Have you got a nail? My knife is too sharp…”
Yvlon followed Bevussa out into another world. South of Liscor, the bowl-shaped valley opened up and the higher elevation sloped downwards, away from the High Passes, the mountain range that separated Izril. A flatland emerged, full of grass and open space, perfect for pastures and forests.
Or that was how it should have been. In truth, the flat area was a perfect battleground that Humans and Drakes had traditionally fought in in ages past. By mutual consent, armies had fought in this space, and so much blood had been shed that over time the ecology of the grass had mutated, turning red. Crimson. And a new biome had emerged, one that craved blood. A deadly, alien landscape.
The Bloodfields. Yvlon looked around, her skin crawling under her armor. She stared around at the green…lush…grass..
They weren’t at the Bloodfields. The adventuring teams spread out on the grass, looking around, many muttering about their encounter with Erin.
“I was told she’s insane—”
“Heard about the incident with that gang?”
“Knows the Horns? Maybe—”
“Alright! Attention! Eyes forwards teams!”
Bevussa’s shout made every head turn. She flew out of the door and held her position in the air, wings beating as her team flew out and landed behind her. A few other Drakes and Gnolls were present; Yvlon recognized them as [Scouts] and the [Builder]. Bevussa’s voice directed her attention back up.
The Gold-rank Captain was in full authority-mode. She shouted down at the Silver-rank teams.
