6.56
Page 12
Now? Well, at least they could speak civilly. Alais nodded, watching Ksmvr as he went over to put the practice weapons away. She looked at Yvlon and the [Wounded Warrior] saw her throat move before she spoke.
“Not bad. We caught the end of the session. You train like that every day? Your skill hasn’t left you.”
“Thanks. We were just finishing our spar. We’re not late, are we?”
“No, no. Our teams just got in from the—inn. We’re all gathered. Is Ceria not coming?”
“She should be here soon.”
Yvlon answered distractedly. Stan gestured.
“Good job that. Your teammate—”
“Ksmvr.”
“That is me. Hello, Crossbow Stan, Captain Alais. We have met. Are we fighting or socializing, Yvlon?”
The woman winced as she took her sword from Ksmvr. She saw Alais and Stan’s expressions flicker, but that was what was lovable and tricky about Ksmvr. He lacked subtlety. Actually, she liked that about him.
“No, Ksmvr. We’re teammates, remember? All working together on the Bloodfields request? Cutting a permanent trade route towards Pallass?”
“Yes, Yvlon. I am aware. However, I perceived that last time we were similarly engaged in discourse before turning to violence. I simply wished to know if that was an option in the future.”
“No!”
Yvlon chorused with Alais and Stan. She turned to Ksmvr.
“No more fighting. That was—”
She paused. Alais looked to one side. Stan filled in for her.
“A bad scene. Lots of thoughtless words.”
“On whose side?”
Yvlon nudged Ksmvr. He looked at her, but obediently fell silent. She turned back to Alais and Stan and tried to smile. It felt about as good as Alais’.
“We’re professionals. And we’re working together, so be nice, Ksmvr. Stan? Where’s your team?”
“Just inside.”
Relieved, Stan led the other three adventurers into the Guild. Alais looked warily as a group of Drakes passed her to fill the adventuring yard.
“It’s my first time in Liscor. It’s so—”
“Different from a Human city?”
Alais bit her lip. Stan looked a bit reproving, but Yvlon hadn’t meant it as an insult! They were all Silver-ranks, having adventured for years, but not all of them had ever been down as far as Liscor. Yvlon hadn’t until recently; she’d felt that it wasn’t her area. Stan on the other hand had been doing this job for decades.
“Liscor’s alright. Good city; the Watch keeps order. You don’t have to watch your back at night most places. Can’t say I don’t like those walls either.”
He nodded towards Liscor’s four tall walls that marked the edge of the city. Yvlon exchanged a look with Ksmvr.
“They’re nice, but I’d prefer them twice as tall and thick, honestly.”
“Really? They’re already better than most Human cities. But I guess with all the monsters and undead—”
Alais stopped delicately, glancing at Yvlon. The other woman compressed her mouth and Stan glared at Alais. It was with some relief that they entered into the main room of the Adventurer’s Guild.
“And here we are.”
Yvlon saw the room was packed! More than nine teams filled the usually quiet Guild, most of them Human. She recognized the two teams Alais and Stan made for.
They were both Silver-rank teams. Thunder’s Solace and the Boltspitters. Good, solid teams, like the Horns of Hammerad had been.
Like the Silver Spears, too. Yvlon suppressed the thought, but she couldn’t help but tense. Neither could the two teams of adventurers. They looked up at Yvlon and Ksmvr and their postures stiffened.
But they’d been through this. Yvlon forced a smile as she walked over to the teams. She didn’t sit, though.
“I see all the Boltspitters are here except for Lailli. And Thunder’s Solace. Hello, Caddin.”
“Yvlon.”
