6.56
Page 4
“I think it needs work, honestly. You can’t fool a Gnoll with illusions or with poor tricks. Even if you got say, cow’s blood, we can smell the difference.”
“Darn your noses!”
Erin raised a fist and shook it comically. Mrsha climbed up and sat smugly next to the two adults. Rufelt grinned.
“On the other hand, it’s a fun idea. A house where you get scared on purpose? Children might enjoy it. It beats Liscor’s actual terrors. But why are you so insistent on trying to make one?”
“Well—Temile wanted to know if I had any more plays and stuff. And I don’t. Plus, I’ve run out of new foods! At least, any really new stuff. This is easier!”
Erin spread her arms, shrugging. Rufelt raised both brows.
“And you’re not making magical foods? Lasica said she could help you with that.”
“That’s a lotta work! Ingredients are expensive, you can burn a hole right through your cauldron and it might, you know, do something. And I’ve been trying to keep it calm lately. Haunted houses? That’s silly fun! Just what I need!”
Erin waved her hands vaguely. Rufelt nodded.
“But what made you think of it now? It’s such a strange idea.”
He was giving Erin a searching look, one she was familiar with. The young woman looked blank.
“I dunno. Sometimes you just have weird thoughts. Like—do you ever wonder if Selphids get itchy?”
The Gnoll [Bartender] had to process that question. He opened his mouth.
“I—well, no. But I suppose that explains that.”
“Yeah. Hey, let me talk to Temile. Be one sec!”
Erin waited a beat, and then turned across the inn. On stage, the Players of Celum—at least, the second-stringers who were making up the troupe still working from Celum were rehearsing for their daily plays. Erin got up and walked over to them. As she did, she navigated down the long room. And everyone she met along the way she knew.
“Hi there, Fleaears! What’s up, Menolit? Like the noodles? Awesome! Numbtongue! Want some bread? No? Okay!”
A Gnoll, the Drake [Veteran] with the missing tail, and the Hobgoblin all looked up from their respective tables. Fleaears, who did not currently have fleas, grinned at Erin.
“Erin.”
“Miss Solstice.”
Menolit nodded to Erin, smiling. He had a scar that had blasted all the scales clear around his neck and a pock mark under one eye along with his missing tail. For all that, he wasn’t too old—he was most certainly retired, though. At least from the army. Erin grinned at him.
“Like the pasta?”
“I might bring some back for the family. Can I get an order for tonight? Regular pasta works, actually. Just put some of those spicy meatballs in and some of the good sauce. Cheese? My kids love it.”
“Alfredo and spicy meatballs! On the order!”
Ishkr came by and obligingly noted down the details. It was a new system at the inn. Lyonette was making changes and Erin loved this one. Instead of having her in the kitchen all the time, there was a running ‘meal order’ system whereby patrons could request a dish for this night, tomorrow, or other dates and Erin would know what to cook. It worked since she was still the inn’s only [Cook]—for now. She passed by Menolit and came to a Hobgoblin who’d declined to eat cake or the other carrot-based foods.
“Hey Numbtongue, how’s it going?”
“Good.”
The Hobgoblin was absently reading a book. He looked up and Erin was impressed by how far he’d gotten already. She knew Numbtongue could read of course, but that fluently? Then again, maybe it was the other Goblin who he could call upon now.
