6.56
Page 21
She stared at the pillow-plant in the distance. It gave her an uneasy feeling. Ceria moved over and whispered to Yvlon and Ksmvr.
“My [Dangersense] is going off just looking at that thing.”
“I believe it is highly dangerous, Captain Ceria. I am familiar with the Bloodfields.”
“What is it, Ksmvr?”
“I have only studied it, never seen it, but most likely—”
“Your attention!”
Bevussa shouted and everyone looked up. She pointed.
“Can anyone hit that target from here? If not, I’ll fly closer and shoot it.”
The adventurers looked at her, surprised. From here? If it was thousand feet, it would still be a huge ask. Alais looked around, shifting as she lifted her staff.
“I could try a [Lightning Bolt]? It’s awfully long, though, and my control—”
“What, and fry us? I’ve seen your aim. Let me try. [Long-Range Shot]!”
Captain Kam stepped up. The [Bow Rider] wasn’t mounted; she’d been complaining about having to find a stables since Erin’s inn didn’t have one, a huge problem. She lifted her shortbow, drew it back, and loosed. Her arrow sped through the air as the adventurers watched. High, going further, further…
It fell short by about, oh, nine thousand and five hundred feet. Good for a shortbow! But the adventurers all laughed. Kam lowered her bow, flushing.
“It really is far. I wondered if it were an optical illusion.”
“Let us try, then. [Seeker Shot]!”
“[Arrow of Light]!”
“[Ice Spike]!”
Even Ceria joined in. Spells and arrows flew from the Silver-rank teams, but all were far, far too short. Even Ceria’s best, enhanced spell didn’t even come close to the distance. Yvlon looked around and saw some of the Gold-rank adventurers of Bevussa’s team shaking their heads. She looked mildly annoyed.
“If none of you has a mile-long Skill—”
“Who has one of those?”
One of the adventurers looked incredulous. Bevussa stared at him. Gold-ranks, that’s who. Captain Kam looked around and frowned.
“It’s fine. I’ll get closer and—”
“Hold your ground!”
The order came from Bevussa, a screech of fury. Kam stopped, flushing, and Bevussa swooped down, glaring.
“No one gets closer! I don’t care how fast you are or what dodging skills you have—even if it looks clear, you will not approach the Bloodfields, regardless of how the ground looks! You will keep your distance? Is that clear?”
“But we’re two miles away! This is ridiculous! We don’t need to be this far. Do we?”
One of the adventurer captains looked annoyed at this display of caution. Zassil, the Oldblood Drake on Bevussa’s team, snapped at him.
“That’s why we’re demonstrating this, Human!”
Bevussa ignored them. She swooped down towards where Yvlon was standing. The adventurers moved back as he stopped before Stan. He hadn’t tried loosing a bolt. He blinked at her as his team stared. Bevussa nodded at his side, her brilliant plumage blowing in the faint breeze.
“Crossbows, right? Mind if I borrow one?”
Stan started. He reached for the two crossbows at his side—Yvlon knew he had four more in his bag of holding. He could fire six bolts in a blink, hence his nickname.
“Of course, Captain Bevussa. Here.”
He offered her both crossbows. Bevussa took one and jumped up into the air. She looked down at the others.
“See that plant? Furthest from the right? Watch it.”
