6.56
Page 8
The [Princess] looked up as she refilled the last cup.
“No. I had to have Drassi bring him up breakfast because he was in his room all day. He might be there still.”
“He missed breakfast? That’s unusual. Hold on, Temile. I’ll get back to you.”
So saying, Erin got up and wandered down the length of her inn. There was only one Horn of Hammerad today, and Ceria was finishing her lunch.
“Hey Ceria, where’s your team?”
The half-Elf looked up from her sausages. She chewed, swallowed, and nodded towards the door.
“Yvlon and Ksmvr are in Liscor. I’m just about to join them, actually. We’re all going to visit the Bloodfields. Scouting.”
Erin slapped her forehead.
“Oh. Right! Bevussa stopped by this morning. She wanted one of the mana stones. You’re going to teleport there, right? It’s not too far?”
Ceria shook her head.
“Only about as far as to Celum. Even less, I think. We’re going to the edge of the Bloodfields—nowhere closer with it active. But it’ll save us from having to camp out and march all the way there while we find a route. We’ll all be back once Bevussa sets up a door.”
“Handy having her do that, huh?”
The [Cryomancer] grinned.
“I heard Tekshia made Bevussa do it. She didn’t want to pay Hawk to run out that far.”
“I wouldn’t even have charged her that much! Your Guildmistress is a spendthrift! Classic Drake!”
Hawk called out from his table. Ceria chuckled.
“I’m going with the other teams to see how it looks. Oh—but Pisces won’t be coming with us.”
“What? Why? And do you know where he is?”
Ceria shrugged.
“He made a very good point that he annoys the other teams. Almost as much as Yvlon and I do with the Celum ones—”
She grimaced. Erin looked at her sympathetically; she’d heard about the Horn’s troubles in Celum.
“They’re still mad at you?”
“Well, they agreed to join the Bloodfields expedition, so they’re willing to be civil. Plus, it pays well and we’re all adventurers. But Pisces might aggravate them even more than Yvlon and me. Plus, Pisces is actually studying hard. I…don’t want to interrupt him, as the team leader, you know?”
“He’s studying?”
Erin looked blank. Ceria nodded.
“Oh yeah. And I mean studying. He was always good at focusing—more than me. I have to sit in a bathtub with Ksmvr boiling my skin off to concentrate, but Pisces studies on his own. These last few days—remember when he woke us up screaming? Ever since then he’s been in his room. He barely comes out to eat.”
“I noticed that. Huh. What’s he working on?”
The half-Elf finished the last of her meal and wiped at her mouth with the back of her hand.
“Undead? No, but seriously, Erin. He’s studying a new spell, I think. He keeps muttering about ‘puzzles’ and the complexity of it. I think he’s trying to take down another Tier 4 spell. It’s worth letting him work to do that. Me—I’m just trying to improve my spell power. Grimalkin says I’m making progress—I’m not burning myself anymore.”
She sighed. Her daily boil-baths were another facet of the new inn lifecycle. Erin patted her on the back sympathetically.
“Hang in there. And hey—cheer up. Grimalkin might not come tonight!”
“He comes every night, Erin.”
“Well, to help you!”
The [Sinew Magus] was surprisingly dedicated to his agreement with Erin. He’d come every day this week to drop Ceria in boiling water and shout encouragements at her for an hour or two. The half-Elf shuddered.
“I know he’s coming tonight. Frankly, the Bloodfields will be the fun part of the day. Look, I’ve gotta meet Yvlon and Ksmvr. It’s nearly time to head out. We’ll come back through this way. Hey, did Moore and Seborn already leave?”
