6.56
Page 7
The Drake blushed with pride at Erin’s compliment.
“It’s an honor to hear you say that, but it’s just low-grade magic. Not even Tier 1. [Cooling Breeze]. Just a little cantrip I worked up. It’s wonderful on hot days. I used to get paid just to cool rooms down. The problem with illusions on the other hand is that I have to work for a long time to make them work well. And animating them? Making them real? Very tricky and I’m not high-enough level yet. Nor am I an [Illusionist], Miss Erin.”
He looked apologetic. Erin shook her head.
“Aw, that’s okay. Gnolls could probably smell that they’re fake. I think we really need to rethink how we’ll do a haunted house or put it on the shelf, Temile. I mean, we could do the creepy little girls, but can you make an entire haunted house out of little creepy girls?”
“Um…no?”
Erin nodded sadly. Temile looked around. The Players of Celum had their own area behind the stage that was more or less permanently filled with props, and some dedicated tables they could eat and drink at—discounted or free after performances! He gestured to Erin.
“What if we think over the idea? Hey, you lot, get a space cleared for Miss Solstice. We have some water—where’s the pitcher?”
“I’ll just get it! Excuse me! Water please!”
Laughing, Erin waved towards the front of the inn. That was the thing about being an [Innkeeper] with a staff! And it was Lyonette herself who came over to offer everyone a refill.
“Trouble with your newest idea, Erin?”
She sounded vaguely relieved. Erin sighed.
“Yeah. I really thought it’d be a small thing, but—fun, you know? But if we can’t make it good for all species, what’s the point?”
Lyonette nodded as she put the pitcher down. Temile and some of the ‘veterans’, who’d been acting for a few months were gathered around the table, thinking it over.
“Could we erase the smells in the room?”
“Maybe. But that’s a higher-level spell than I know as well, Temile.”
Jexam sighed. Temile slapped his thigh in vexation. Erin frowned.
“We could definitely do monsters, or costumes—although that’s hard work. But if you can’t surprise a Gnoll because he can smell you, what can you do?”
Lyonette studied Erin’s face and then smiled slightly.
“You know who’d be perfect for your plan, Erin? You-know-who.”
“Volde—oh. Hey, that’s not funny!”
Erin looked up sharply. Lyonette gave her a twisted smile, but she could at least joke about Toren these days. Erin shook her head in reply to Temile’s querying look. Then she sat up.
“I think we’ll draw the line at asking Pisces to do stuff with actual skeletons. But what about illusions? He is good at them.”
“Really? I wouldn’t be surprised given how he boasts, but I’ve only seen him—no, wait, he did them for the first plays, didn’t he?”
Lyonette frowned, intrigued. Erin nodded.
“Yeah! And I’ve seen him do great stuff as well! The first time I met him he disguised himself as this terrifying monster! That’s actually how he lived before he came here. He’d frighten people out of their money! He could do the voice, smell—and a horrifying image!”
“Do you think he’d teach Jexam, or at least work on a few spells?”
Temile was interested. Erin bit her lip, thinking. It would be a lot of work to rope Pisces into doing a haunted house, but Erin still wanted to give it a shot. She had a vision of a warehouse, or a house in say, Liscor, that people could go into and experience cheap, non-life-threatening scares!
“Maybe. If I bribe him, sure. And he likes the plays. I bet he’d love to scare people. I haven’t seen him. Lyonette, do you know where he is?”
