6.56
Page 16
The gold would change that. Once they got it changed in Invrisil with the contacts the Halfseekers and Griffon Hunt knew, the Horns could gear up even further. All this was just keeping themselves busy. Some of the other adventurers were admiring her armor. Walt came up and tapped on Yvlon’s breastplate with one knuckle.
“Fancy gear, Byres! Better than our stuff. You’re not doing bad, are you?”
She glanced up. The [Armored Warrior] wasn’t trying to be mean; Walk just lacked all tact. And a way with women, hence his team. She forced a smile.
“Not bad right now, Walt. But you’ve got a new shield.”
He looked proud, gesturing at his shield.
“It freezes whatever hits it. Cost us a fair bit, but its solid! Your armor do anything fancy? I saw this Drake wearing high-grade magical armor! Dead gods, but I’d trade Kelvin and his useless ass for it and all my gear!”
Yvlon laughed politely as the luckless Kelvin enjoyed the punches and jeers from the Ensoldier Shields.
“That’s got to be Keldrass you saw, Walt. Captain of the Flamewardens. He got it from this dungeon. The Raskghar, actually. You heard about them? And it’s worth a lot more than that!”
“The Raskghar? I heard about them. You fought those things, Yvlon. A new monster type? No—wait, some sentient species? Tell us about it! And this dungeon.”
The other adventurers crowded around Yvlon. She was looking for a seat to explain and hoping no one was smelling her armor when a voice burst through the hubbub among the mostly-Humans team.
“Hah. Look at that. The backup to the backup’s finally arrived. Dead gods, but what a crowd.”
Everyone fell silent. The drawling voice had come from another team who’d entered to find the overcrowded tables. It was a Drake, and he and four members of his team were looking around dismissively.
Those were fighting words. Walt instantly reddened. Yvlon recognized the Drake and bit her lip.
“Hey! You have a problem with us being here, asshole? We were invited to come here.”
“And you’re in our seats and causing a fuss. Who got into a fight with the Scaled Guard this morning? Kicking around local Bronze-rank teams and claiming all the seats?”
The Drake had bright orange scales and he was looking unhappy at all the Human guests. Yvlon saw Walt hesitate. But another team captain spoke up.
“The best teams have arrived, whoever you are. We’ve having a reunion, so if you’ve got a problem—take it up with the [Receptionists]!”
She gestured to the desk. Yvlon saw the Gnoll behind the counter duck. It wasn’t Selys on duty today. She bit her lip. This wasn’t good. All the teams present, from Alais’ to Stan’s to the rest were used to being fairly big fish in their local guilds. But the Drake who was talking just sneered at them. He put his hand on his side and exposed a shimmering sheathed blade. The other adventurers fell silent as his team laughed.
“Best teams? Let me introduce myself. I’m Gold-rank. Lifwail Blades. We’ve been here a month. You lot? You just swaggered in like you own the place. Funny. I haven’t seen your faces around. Or in the dungeon. Something holding you all back? Horns of Hammerad excepted, obviously.”
He nodded casually at Yvlon, Ceria, ignoring Ksmvr. And the other teams…fell silent. Gold-rank. Yvlon knew how they felt. Gold-ranks were rare around Celum and the area. But this was an exception. The Drake went on, casually putting one scaly foot on a chair.
“We’re Pallass’ team. What did I hear you say? You were contracted? For what? The Bloodfields job?”
He laughed. So did his team. The Human adventurers hesitated. Walt blustered, face red.
