6.56
Page 1
Erin threw up her hands as Ishkr walked over with a wet towel. She wiped herself off, grumbling and letting Mrsha lick more tomato sauce off her face.
“Well, that’s a bust. Back to the drawing board! At least we got Hawk.”
“That wasn’t funny! I was about to raise the alarm! And if you were a second slower I would have! Watch Captain Zevara would have burnt me to ash for a false alarm!”
The Rabbit Beastkin complained as he clambered out from behind an overturned table. Mrsha watched as Erin pointed a finger and the artfully broken table and chairs reassembled.
“Don’t worry, Hawk. Captain Zevara hates me anyways.”
“I wonder why. Can I have a carrot cake now?”
“Sure! Carrot cake for everyone!”
Only Hawk and Mrsha cheered. The rest of Erin’s guests who’d taken part in her haunted house idea as participants or unwilling test subjects looked dubious. A Drake regular with half a tail—it had been severed and was now a stump only a few feet long—raised his claw.
“Does it taste like carrots?”
“That’s the best part! It only tastes sort of like carrots. It’s mostly like sugar!”
The Drake brightened up.
“Alright then! On the house?”
“No—”
“Absolutely! It’s one cake, Lyonette.”
Erin waved at Ishkr. He looked at Lyonette first. Erin met Lyonette’s eyes pleadingly and held Mrsha up to add the silent appeal. The [Princess] sighed.
“Fine.”
“Alright!”
Everyone cheered that. Mrsha righted the table with Hawk’s help. Or rather, she sat on the table while the Rabbit Courier lifted it with one hand and clung to the edge, defying gravity and giggling silently. He had to smile.
The Wandering Inn was alive and well. Erin laughed as Ishkr came out of the kitchen with a carrot cake. Rufelt sniffed at the cake, noting the tiny carrots Erin had drawn on top.
“Hm. Looks sort of like the other ones.”
“Yeah, except when I cut it—tada! Orange! And you can see bits of carrots.”
“Ooh! Me first! Me first!”
Relc hurried into line, pushing people out of the way. He lifted Ceria up and dropped her to one side. The half-Elf protested of course, as did the two Gnolls and the half-tailed Drake veteran, but Relc simply pushed and they slid. He stopped as Mrsha cannonballed into one shin and a furry hand stopped him on the chest.
“Oh no you don’t. I asked, and I’m getting my cake after that heart attack.”
“Hey Hawk! Let me just get by you. I’ll finish my cake so fast you won’t even notice—”
The two jostled for position as Erin, rolling her eyes, sliced up the cake. Hawk was actually strong enough to push Relc, and they were so quick that it looked like a blur as they spun, pivoted, and ‘gently’ rammed each other out of the way.
“Thin slices because it’s for everyone. It’s extra healthy. Less sugar—although it tastes great! And carrot, which is good for the eyes and stuff. I didn’t even frost it all.”
“But that’s the best part!”
Relc complained. He and Hawk reached for the plate. Erin narrowed her eyes.
“Stop fighting!”
“Yeah! Get out of the way, you two!”
“Shut it whoever said that! I’m a Senior Guardsman and the first guest of this inn! I deserve first slice! Plus, that one’s the biggest.”
Erin made a face. She’d made the first slice biggest by accident by almost twice as much as the others. Hawk smiled.
“I’m not fighting with Relc, Miss Solstice. I’m just protesting a bully—”
“I’m just overeager for cake! It’s an addiction!”
Mrsha waved her paws between the two as they shoved around her. Erin sighed. Then she had a wicked idea. She turned and lifted the plate and cake like a discus.
“You want it?”
“Erin—”
