6.56
Page 9
“Nope. They went to Pallass, actually.”
“Pallass? But the door—”
Ceria twisted and Erin smiled.
“Moore charged it! He can do it for Seborn and him, but it tires him out. Seborn’s refusing to walk to Invrisil while Jelaqua’s, you know, seeing Maughin?”
She waggled her eyebrows. Ceria stared at them and then at Erin’s face. The young woman stopped.
“Well, it’s just as far as the door to Invrisil. What about their wagon?”
“Apparently they’re in a little fortress of vines with a bunch of food. I dunno. Seborn’s mad at Jelaqua, it’s this thing—I’m never going to get the door to Invrisil!”
Erin sighed. She needed it too, so she could find Ryoka! But that was a big thing, and this week had been pleasantly full of small things. But Ryoka—Erin wanted to find her. She had to come back. Even if she brought danger. Ceria shrugged in reply to the drama of the Halfseekers. She pushed herself up.
“Well, hopefully they sort it out. See you, Erin.”
“Oh! Wait! Can I get Pisces to help me with this haunted house thing? Or will it take too long?”
Erin pleaded with Ceria. The half-Elf bit her lip.
“I don’t know. Pisces would probably say yes—why not? He’s got time and it’s his choice. But you’ll have to knock a lot. And he might be snappish. Come to that, did he eat lunch?”
“I’ll bribe him with food. Hey, can I get some sausages and some of that pasta?”
Erin called towards the kitchen. For once no one appeared with the food. Her staff weren’t all slaves, so Erin marched in and got it herself. She’d filled a big bowl and stuck a fork in the meal, then went with Ceria. They were about to climb the stairs to Pisces’ room when Drassi caught them.
The Drake was working alongside Ishkr today. The [Barmaid] and incorrigible [Gossip] waved at Erin and Ceria and the two stopped to look at her.
“Hey, I just heard you’re looking for Pisces? He’s out.”
“What? I thought he was in his room, studying.”
Drassi grinned toothily at Erin.
“He was. But Selys got him. This morning, when you were pranking everyone. Didn’t you notice?”
Erin hesitated.
“No…what did Selys want with Pisces?”
“I think she was going shopping for magical items. You know, since she’s rich? She told Pisces she wanted his opinion. So they left. They’re not back yet.”
The [Gossip] looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] looked at her. There was something to be said for having Drassi on staff. If Ishkr was the dependable employee that every establishment needed, because it needed someone who brought no drama in, had few demanding quirks and whose only goal was to do his job, get paid, and go home, Drassi was the employee who knew everything and everyone. Erin sighed.
“Well, great. Selys has Pisces. We’ll have to wait. If you see him on the way to the Adventurer’s Guild, tell him I wanted to see him, Ceria?”
“Will do.”
The half-Elf adventurer headed for the door. Erin, shaking her head, went to put the food away. As she did, a thought struck her. Selys. And Pisces. Going shopping?
“That almost sounds like a date.”
Ceria paused. She looked back at Erin.
“With Pisces? No way.”
Erin laughed uncertainly.
“Yeah! I mean, Selys? I don’t see it. She’s got standards! And Pisces—”
Both paused. Then they grew thoughtful. Drassi looked between the two and broke in.
“Going shopping together? That sounds like a date to me. Hey Erin, what’s this about your boyfriend?”
 
—-
 
The sword swung at her neck. She could trace the arc. Not with her eyes alone—it was too fast to visually process and come up with a thought-out plan of response. Her body moved by instinct, by training.
