6.57
Page 28
There was a thoughtful pause. Everyone knew something, but the only person who knew a lot was…they all glanced at the young woman. Montressa was still looking at the black cube that now held the Horns of Hammerad. She glanced up as Beza addressed her casually.
“The Ea—I mean, uh, Aaron helped you make your attack orb, right, Montressa?”
Montressa looked up and frowned.
“Yes. But he didn’t say what’s in it and I’m not letting you open it up. It’s experimental. Are you all finished? Let’s go, then.”
She looked around, shoulders hunched. Ulinde exchanged a glance with Isceil and the Drake forgot his ire for a second. Beza looked at her friend, concerned. She paused, and her tone grew softer.
“Montressa, I know you’ve been on edge. But relax. You got him.”
She gestured at the black cube, the Silent Box that she’d passed to Montressa.
“It’s over, Montressa. If you want, I’ll take the box—”
“No. I’ve got it.”
Montressa replied quickly. Her face was taut as she touched the cube and then her hand flew away. Ulinde saw Beza look at her and shrugged helplessly. Isceil grinned.
“Maybe you’ll stop having those nightmares, eh?”
Montressa glared at him along with the other two female [Mages]. Isceil’s smile vanished.
“What? Why are you biting my tail off? We did it! Fine, it was messy, but we got the murderer. And his team. Why’s she still mad?”
He pointed accusingly at Montressa. The young woman paused. She took a deep breath. Then she nodded. She tried to smile.
“Yes. Yes. I did. Thank you. All of you. But we’re not done here. We do have more tasks, remember?”
“Finding ‘L’, investigating the [Emperor]—and getting the magic door from Liscor as well as investigating that report of a…guest. We had to skip the [Emperor] and ‘L’ because of that Oldblood raid. Thank goodness for Wistram’s intelligence.”
Beza nodded briskly. Isceil was nodding too.
“Alright, so the door and this Human. Where is it? I’ll be glad to use the thing; we had to march all the way to Liscor so we didn’t run into—”
He nodded at the cube on Montressa’s belt. She nodded absently and pulled out a folded bit of paper. She studied it.
“Erin Solstice, [Innkeeper]. We’re investigating her and we want the magic door in her inn.”
“Ooh, two for one. Hey, is that the inn people were talking about? The one the [Guards] warned us did weird stuff? And in Celum? And Esthelm?”
Ulinde brightened up. Montressa nodded, smiling a bit. The brooding, anxious mood that had engulfed her the closer they’d come to the source of her fears was lightening, and all her friends were glad to see it. They began walking through the streets, talking.
“I think it’s the eastern gate. That’s what they said, right?”
“Yup. Inn on a hill. I can’t wait to see the magic door. Think the Archmages can disenchant it and copy the spell?”
“Maybe? Archmage Naili thinks she can. Although why we don’t have a teleportation spell like this—”
“Upper floors, probably. She was experimenting with the ones we know, and she’s coming close, but she wants a perfect copy. Imagine having a bunch of them in Wistram?”
“What if the [Innkeeper] really is like…Aaron? I hear she’s crazy. She can spit blood, she kills Shield Spiders with her bare hands, and she took down a gang in Celum all by herself!”
“That’s an exaggeration. But remember the battle with the Face-Eater moths? I want to talk to her.”
Beza was grinning, excited by the idea. Mons smiled.
“If she is, we’ll need to split up, maybe, or ask for retrieval. We still have to investigate the [Emperor] and ‘L’, so don’t relax yet.”
