6.57
Page 26
“Didn’t you hear where we’re from? Wistram Academy. Don’t worry; we’ll release the Antinium and [Warrior] later. But the two [Mages] are both criminals. They’ve committed a number of crimes, including impersonating real Wistram [Mages].”
“Real…? You still can’t—don’t touch Ceria!”
Alais struggled, but she was held captive. Montressa was lifting the black box and before Alais’ horrified eyes, the half-Elf vanished, turning into motes of black light that flowed into the box and the silver doorway. Ulinde yanked the bolt out of her head, grimacing.
“Barbed? Damn it. Listen, they’ll be fine. It’s just a prison. Look, this is all legal.”
“Legal? You attacked an adventuring team in Liscor! You—”
Ulinde ignored Alais. She looked around impatiently.
“Oh, forget it. Palt?”
The Centaur nodded. He blew some smoke out and raised his hands, pointing at the conscious adventurers.
“[Wave of Vacan—]”
When Alais awoke next, she was lying on the floor. The [Sticky Webs] binding her were gone, and it was nightfall. The [Mages] were all long gone. And so were Ceria, Yvlon, and Ksmvr.
 
—-
 
The [Mages] left the bar quietly. The street was still full of pedestrians, but no one had noticed the fight. Indeed, no one even glanced at the tavern; Palt’s spell was still active, distracting attention away from it. The Centaur was first to exit; he waited for the rest of his companions.
Isceil was rubbing his arm, swearing.
“It hurts. Damn it, it got my bone. The healing potion got some, but—”
“Tough it out. That was embarrassing.”
Beza was unsympathetic. Her fur was still singed, but she was looking embarrassed.
“We could have had perfect takedowns. But you nearly got stabbed and you lost your shield. I didn’t expect that Human woman to dislocate her shoulder.”
“He broke it! What was that spell?”
“[Shatterbolt]. That’s a dangerous artifact. Think we can pull it off him?”
Ulinde looked excitedly at Montressa. The young woman was leaning on her staff. She didn’t look happy. Instead, she touched the black cube and looked around.
Palt, Ulinde, Beza, and Isceil. They were all young [Mages] from Wistram, but full [Mages]. Top of their years. And she was their leader. She shook her head and adjusted her hood.
“Later. Palt, where’s the Drake you used [Mind Blank] on?”
“I left her over there. She’s got a veil on her; no one’s bothering her.”
Palt nodded to a Drake standing vacantly to the side. Selys Shivertail was still unfocused. The Centaur eyed her, and then turned to Montressa.
“It’ll wear off in an hour. I hit her with a good one.”
“Any side effects?”
“Besides amnesia? No. You want me to dispel it? And what about the bar? They’ll all wake up in there after an hour or two as well. Want me to hold the concealing enchantments on it?”
Montressa nodded absently. Ulinde looked nervously at her.
“We’re breaking a lot of rules, here, Mons. I know this is personal, but—”
She broke off as Montressa’s head snapped up. The young woman glared at Ulinde. Her arm was shaking as it clutched the staff around which the copper orb was slowly rotating.
“It’s Montressa, Ulinde. Not Mons. Remember that. And we’re within our rights to hunt fugitives from Wistram. Isn’t that what you said, Isceil?”
The Drake grimaced, still rubbing at his wrist.
“We should probably have talked to the Watch Captain of the city. But you insisted we go after the [Necromancer] when we saw him.”
