6.57
Page 30
“Well, if you stay for another night, we’ll have a performance for you to see! I’m afraid we don’t have many rooms open; the inn’s under construction by the Antinium. I don’t want to bother Erin…”
“Would you mind if we talked? I’d like to make—a special order. For the table? We’d be willing to pay d—triple.”
Lyonette’s eyes lit up.
“I’ll see what I can do!”
She hurried off. Montressa sat up a bit. Isceil turned to Beza.
“Ten gold says it’s just a regular Human. Maybe met one of the guests.”
“Ten gold? Are you mad? It’s got to be her.”
“I think it’s too much of a coincidence. I’m playing the long odds. Give me ten-to-one odds.”
“…Deal.”
The [Mages] waited, munching down on the fries and looking around. A white Gnoll cub was prowling around, trying to steal or beg snacks. And the Hobgoblin was strumming on a guitar. Montressa felt the hair at the back of her neck stir. She turned as a young woman hurried over away from the stage.
“Hi there! My name’s Erin Solstice! Welcome to my inn! Lyonette said you have a special order? Hey, are you all [Mages]?”
She had an infectious smile and a welcoming personality. Even Isceil relaxed. Erin looked at Beza.
“And a Minotaur and a Selphid? Whoa! Cool!”
It put a smile on Beza and Ulinde’s faces. Montressa smiled too. She paused as the others introduced themselves. Erin turned to her.
“And you are? No—wait. Let me get your order first. Lyonette said you wanted something specific?”
Montressa nodded carefully. She’d spotted the menu over the bar and her heart was racing. She was sure. Isceil was an idiot for not having read it. She spoke slowly, looking at Erin. Watching her face.
“I am. I think you might have some of this but—do you have anything like an American cheeseburger? Or perhaps an Indian curry? Anything Chinese?”
She was prepared to go on. But she didn’t need to. Erin was smiling at first, but then she paused. Her eyes widened. Her jaw dropped and she stared at Montressa.
“I—I—are you—”
Yes. Montressa knew it. Beza smiled and nudged Ulinde. The Selphid was grinning. Isceil just leaned back, rolling his eyes and cursing as he spotted the menu. He drew a sigil in the air with his wand. A hush enveloped the table as Montressa stood. Erin was gaping at her. But Montressa was used to it. She nodded to Erin, smiling reassuringly.
“Miss Erin Solstice, we’re [Mages] sent by Wistram looking for people from Earth. You are from Earth, aren’t you?”
“I—yes.”
Erin hesitated, but there was no point denying it. Her shock was proof enough. Montressa nodded. She smiled and reached out.
“We’re here to take you home to the others.”
“Others?”
The Wistram [Mages] all smiled at Erin. And Montressa felt her heart lighten. After the grief and pain of seeing the monster and Ceria—at least this was good. She nodded, glad to be the bearer of good news.
“That’s right. There are others. They’re all at Wistram. Miss Erin Solstice, we’d like to bring you to Wistram. To meet other people from Earth. And not just that. We’re going to help you go home.”
 

