6.57
Page 22
Yvlon slowly got up. She was still wearing her armor. She stared at the Minotauress. She was big. Taller than Calruz, even. Although Calruz had been burlier. This Minotaur was wearing robes. A Minotaur [Mage]? She still looked stronger than Walt.
“We put him in a Silent Box. He resisted. You’re on his team, Ceria. Wistram’s decided you owe the academy an explanation for why you’re consorting with him. So you’re coming as well. You won’t be a prisoner if you come quietly. Surrender if you know what’s good for you.”
The half-Elf just stared at Montressa. She looked disbelieving for a moment. But the Drake was shifting his weight. The seated adventurers were surreptitiously shifting their weight. Stan called out, his voice friendly, but wary. The [Bartender] had already ducked backwards, away from the bar.
“Hold on here. I don’t know what this is about, but let’s all be reasonable here. You’re all [Mages]? Why don’t we sit down, discuss this—”
“Shut up, Human. All of you adventurers, stay out of this. This is Wistram’s business. Wistram Academy. If we need to, we’ll deal with all of you as well.”
The Drake snapped at him. That was the wrong thing to say. Walt got up.
“Listen, you pissant Drake. I’ve had it up to here with—”
He froze as Isceil drew his wand. Ulinde’s appeared in her hands as well, aiming at the bar of adventurers. Everyone froze.
“Hold on! You can’t start a fight in the middle of the city! The Watch will—”
Kam croaked nervously. Montressa ignored her. She was still staring at Ceria, but now her gaze flicked to Yvlon.
“Is this your teammate? Does she know what you and Pisces did?”
“Mons?”
“Don’t call me that. Does she know what Pisces is? What he’s done? How could you work with him?”
Yvlon stepped forwards. The attention of all the [Mages] shifted on her. She settled herself. Her nerves were fizzing. She checked one arm unconsciously as she looked at Montressa.
“I know who Pisces is. He’s a friend. Where is he? Did you hurt him?”
“This doesn’t concern you. Your Captain and the [Necromancer] are criminals. Walk away.”
The Minotauress informed Yvlon, glaring. Yvlon looked at her.
“Where is Pisces. Answer me.”
“Right here.”
Montressa shifted her robes and let go of her staff. It stayed upright as she pointed to a little black cube. Yvlon stared at it as Ceria inhaled.
“You didn’t—”
“Let him go. Now.”
Yvlon reached for her sword. Alais said something, but Yvlon’s eyes were locked on Montressa. The Selphid raised her wand warningly.
“Don’t. You’re all out leveled. Let Ceria Springwalker go and she’ll come back with us.”
“This isn’t happening. Montressa, let me explain. Did you talk to Pisces? What happened?”
Ceria was laughing, her eyes wide with disbelief. She looked at Montressa, but the young Human woman never blinked. She stared back at Ceria, and Yvlon’s hand found the hilt of her sword.
“What did you do?”
“We don’t want a fight. Let’s talk this over. Yvlon, this isn’t the Adventurer’s Guild. Ceria.”
Stan’s voice was uncertain. Yvlon hesitated. But Ceria just stared at Montressa. She gulped.
“I know that, Stan. But—Mons? Why is my [Dangersense] going off? What did you do with Pisces?”
The young woman paused. Then she turned her head and nodded at the Drake and Minotaur on her left.
“Last chance.”
Yvlon drew her sword. Behind his companions, the Centaur grabbed at something.
“[Intangible Snatch].”
Yvlon felt her sword hilt vanish. She gaped and saw him holding the blade, half unsheathed. The Drake pointed his wand.
“[Stone Fist]!”
