6.57
Page 14
The Minotauress stared at Pisces. She was still holding him, but now she let go. Pisces fell to his knees. He raised both hands, putting them behind his head. There were tears in his eyes.
“I—I’ve done nothing wrong against Wistram. If there’s some issue, I have gold! Let’s talk this over! Whatever you might have been told, I’m completely reformed. Good magi, a bit of kindness—”
“Shut. Up.”
Pisces’ babbling stopped. His eyes were wide as he trembled. The Drake, Isceil, lowered his wand, looking disgusted. He glanced at the Minotauress. She had the same expression on her face. The Selphid and Centaur [Mage] hesitated, but both trotted closer.
“I can’t believe this. Are you sure this is the right one?”
He turned. The Selphid nodded, glancing about. She stared at Pisces as he turned, a terrified expression on his face.
“Wow. He really gave up instantly. I thought he had some spine, based on all the reports.”
“Consider this. If it’s gold you want—”
“Shut up. Ancestors damn it. Well, we got him. Let’s capture this idiot already.”
The Drake folded his arms. Pisces threw himself forwards.
“Wait—wait!”
“Hands behind your head!”
The Minotauress snapped. She stepped back and reached for her belt. Pisces immediately got up and put his hands back up. He stared as she pulled something from her belt.
“Whatever Wistram Academy might think of me, I’ve reformed! Truly! If you intend to capture me, my record is clean in Liscor, I swear!”
“Hah. Can you believe this?”
The Selphid looked amused. The Drake just spat. He nodded towards his companion.
“Don’t try to weasel out of this, [Necromancer]. Now, put your hands up and get in the box.”
He looked towards the Minotauress. Pisces froze as she withdrew a black cube from her belt. It was perfectly black, without detail save for a single, etched door drawn in pale silver on one side. His eyes went wide and he leaned back as she aimed it at him.
“What is—”
“It’s a Silent Box. We’re not idiots. Get in.”
The Minotauress leaned forwards. Pisces backed up.
“No! I’m innocent! Please, can’t we negotiate?”
He threw himself to the side, avoiding the front of the cube. The Drake cursed, kicking at him as Pisces scrambled towards him, clutching at his legs.
“Get off! Don’t make me hex you, you little—Beza, just capture this piece of waste already!”
He lifted a leg to kick at Pisces. The Minotauress growled, reaching for Pisces with one hand. And then her eyes widened.
“Watch out!”
Pisces sprang upwards. He slashed at the Drake’s throat with one hand, snarling, and the Oldblood Drake made a sound. His head jerked backwards. But for Bezha’s warning, the bone blade would have cut his throat. As it was, Pisces slashed the edge and turned. He vanished, fleeing with long steps that blinked him across the ground.
[Bone Shiv]. [Flash Step]. The [Mages] shouted as Pisces dashed down the street. He got five steps, leapt, and vanished in midair. The Drake turned, cursing.
“That bastard! Where’d he—”
The Centaur took the rollup from his mouth and blew a cloud of smoke. Casually, he exhaled it and the smoke turned bright, pink, glittering particles sweeping forwards in a rush of air.
“He’s still here. [Glitterdust Storm].”
The pink shimmering cloud blew forwards and settled across the street. It caught Selys and she blinked, staring at the bright particles that stuck to her.
“Shiny.”
She muttered. Behind her, the particles stuck to a shape in the air. Pisces reappeared, coughing, as the Centaur pointed at him.
“Got him.”
