6.57
Page 20
“Undead. They get you. My team and the Ghouls—it was a bad hand. Cervial would’ve never opened that door. That thing—Skinner? It must have come out. It was a trap. I—well, we heard differently.”
Stan leaned on the counter. He hadn’t drunk as much as the others, being the oldest save for Ceria. He looked around and the others nodded. Kam made a disgusted noise.
“I never believed it. I knew Ceria and Calruz and everyone else. You shouldn’t have listened to those other adventurers, Stan. They’re not team captains. You know what Terrica did after I booted her from the team for getting us into that ambush? She complained. Filed a report at the Adventurer’s Guild saying that I cut her out of her fair share. Unjustly.”
“Bitch.”
Walt missed his mug. Some of the other team leaders nodded.
“She really walked your team into a full ambush?”
“She was either drunk, or she’d been taking some of those powders. Or…I don’t know. I thought I could trust her.”
“I lost two friends on a [Bandit] mission three years back. Just bad luck. I was taking point. That was an honest mistake, but that’s why I resigned as captain. There’s some truth to the folks who’re angry at the Horns. And your team, Kam. But let’s be clear: it was a mistake. Both situations could’ve been avoided, sure. But no one wanted either incident. We’ll correct anyone we hear spreading false rumors.”
Pelico, a [Rogue] adventurer nodded seriously. The other adventurers nodded too. Yvlon had to raise her mug, nodding gratefully.
“I’ll drink to that. And again—that fight in the Adventurer’s Guild? That was my fault.”
“We provoked it. Tempers were hot. It was Albez, really. Pure jealously over that. As well as not hearing anything after Liscor and getting your side of the story.”
Alais muttered into her cup. Stan nodded gravely, and he raised his cup.
“To mistakes. We’ve all made a few.”
The adventurers drank. Yvlon saw Ksmvr drinking quietly; the Antinium had been listening rather than sharing his own stories, of which he had few. Now he rose.
“Excuse me. I must excrete.”
Walt choked on his drink. Yvlon heard laughter from the others.
“Ksmvr! Don’t tell us that!”
The Antinium tilted his head.
“But I will be away for a longer period than normal. The typical toilet is ill-configured to dispose of my waste. I must find a proper receptacle.”
He wandered off. Yvlon heard Walt choking and laughing, but then the other adveturers leaned in. Kam looked at Yvlon and Ceria.
“Alright, since we can ask now—tell me honestly, you two. Is he really okay to have on your team? I couldn’t believe you had an Antinium on your team. I thought they were these mindless killing machines.”
The others nodded. Yvlon looked at Ceria, and spoke up first.
“Ksmvr’s odd. But he’s one of the most loyal teammates I’ve ever had. The Antinium are strange, but some of them are just like us. Just a bit different.”
“Different how?”
“Well, he doesn’t understand a lot of things. He lived in the Hive all his life. He’s actually three years old.”
“Dead gods. Seriously?”
“Yes, but listen, Kam, everyone. He’s the kind of teammate you want. Ksmvr’s the most trustworthy friend I know. If anything, we have to take care of him because he’ll put his life on the line before ours. He thinks he’s expendable compared to us; he’d lay his life down in a heartbeat.”
Pelico bit his lip.
“Damn. That’s some loyalty. I’ve had companions like that. They don’t last long.”
“Don’t worry about him. That fellow’s a demon in combat. Did we tell you about the [Bandit] story? He took out an entire group of them. By himself!”
“What? I didn’t hear about this!”
