6.57
Page 13
“Who are you people? Answer me! Stop right there! Hey! Hey, I need the Watch—”
Selys began to shout, cupping her claws to her mouth, trying to raise someone’s attention. Anyone! She turned and saw the Centaur flick his joint. He pointed it at her and spoke.
“[Mind Blank].”
She recoiled, saw Pisces curse, reach for her. And Selys…
 
—-
 
Stopped. The female Drake stopped in the street, mid-recoil as Pisces grabbed her arm.
“Selys!”
But it was too late. The Drake looked around vacantly. The light, the spark in her eyes, it had all faded. She stood there, swaying, and then looked at Pisces. After a moment she frowned vaguely.
“Me?”
He stared at her, and then whirled as the Centaur spoke again.
“[Mind—]”
Pisces threw up his mental shields, drawing on his magic and circulating it through his body as he bit his lip hard enough to draw blood. He tasted iron and felt a push at his mind. But [Mages] were better able to resist mind spells and Pisces had practice. He turned, hand grasping again for the rapier he did not have. Selys was behind him; she hadn’t reacted; she was just staring ahead blankly.
“Let her go. The Drake’s not part of this.”
The Minotauress called out again. They were surrounding him, two on each side. Pisces looked up. He stared at Selys’ face and then turned. His voice snapped in the silence.
“Who are you? What do you want with me?”
“You know who we are.”
The Drake was watching him. Pisces glanced behind him. Selphid and Centaur. They hadn’t said a word, but the magic hung heavy in the air. The Drake made an impatient gesture.
“Hands behind your head. Kneel down and put your face on the ground. No magic.”
Pisces licked his lips. He took a step back, half-pivoting.
“I am a Silver-rank adventurer—”
“Don’t play games. We know who you are. Wistram wants you.”
The Drake aimed his wand, raising his buckler. The tip of his wand sparked. The Minotauress just shook her head.
“And here I thought he’d be harder to find. More like a rat. No moves, [Necromancer]. We know all your spells.”
“I can assure you—”
The Drake’s eyes narrowed. His wand sparked and a ray of fire shot forwards. Pisces jerked—but the fiery beam went past his left shoulder and struck the cobblestones. The ground turned red and stone cracked.
“Enough talk! The next one goes through your leg. Surrender or we’ll do this the easy way.”
“I have done nothing—”
Pisces flinched from the second ray as it shot past his right leg. The Minotauress glanced at her companion and he nodded. They advanced.
“Last chance.”
The Drake warned. He was tracking Pisces as the young man moved back. They were closing in. Pisces tensed. Selys was walking to his left. She absently stared around, and then wandered down the street.
“Do I have work? I thought I was…”
Closer and closer. The Selphid and Centaur moved forwards a step, but the Drake and Minotauress were still advancing. Pisces froze. And all of the [Mages] on the street paused. They were eight feet apart. Then six—
And then Pisces turned and leapt for a side alley. The Drake cursed and his wand shot webs. But a bit off-target. Pisces dashed forwards—and the Minotauress caught him. She was quick! She raised one huge hand, swinging. Pisces turned—
“Don’t hurt me!”
He threw up both hands, shrinking down. The Minotauress stopped the blow and the Drake raised his wand, aborting a second spell. He blinked down as Pisces cowered, trembling before the second blow.
“I surrender! No violence! Please! I can assure you, I’ve done nothing wrong—”
“Shut up! Drop your wand.”
“He doesn’t have any, Isceil.”
