6.57
Page 4
“I’m well aware. But it’s still a disingenuous offer, Selys. Allow me to explain.”
The [Necromancer] pointed to the ring as he lifted his own hand. On his fingers sat two rings, both magical. He pointed to one—and Farri winced.
“This is a true Arrowguard ring, Selys. Our estimable [Merchant], Mister Farri, must have missed it on my person. It can deflect multiple arrows, recharges in the span of a day, and has saved my life before. I can well imagine that it would cost you a considerable amount of gold if you were to buy it—which would be a foolish idea. I could lend you the ring, but it would be as useless to you as the ring sitting before you.”
Selys stared at Pisces. His tone was beyond condescending, but it wasn’t aimed at her. Farri was reddening.
“Why?”
Pisces flicked his hand dismissively.
“Simply because Arrowguard Rings aren’t useful to you, Selys. Consider this. You, if you had my ring, could avoid an arrow shot by an average [Bowman]. Or even three or four such arrows! It would protect you from assassination, yes?”
“That’s the point. So?”
“So? How will you avoid the fifth arrow? Let alone fight or avoid this would-be attacker?”
Selys paused.
“Well, I’d have another ring, obviously. Right, Farri?”
“Absolutely. I have a number of them, in fact. All complimentary.”
Pisces sneered. He looked at Selys and shook his head.
“Why do you need them, Selys? Consider this: who is out to shoot you? Kidnap you, perhaps. Mug? Yes, again. But how many enemies with bows are going to loose arrows at you in the course of your incredibly dangerous job? And with that said, what will this ring avail you in a combat situation besides saving you from one arrow and nothing more?”
He had a point. But the way he made it was so classically Pisces—Selys bit her tongue and her tail lashed angrily as Farri held up a hand. He looked stiffly at the [Necromancer] as he swept the ring back.
“I can see your point, Mister Pisces. However, I can assure you that this is a precaution many of my clients take—[Assassins] are more frequent in Human lands—”
“Then why one ring which cannot deflect Skill-based shots? If the goal is to protect, that ring is useless for all but the most middling adventurers. Subpar, for any actual protection; I cannot imagine a single client fearful of assassination that would actually buy that particular ring. If you have a better stock, let us see that, or nothing at all.”
The [Merchant] was turning even redder. That was it, Selys stood up before Farri could lose his polite façade or his caravan guards or helpers could jump in. Pisces wasn’t keeping his voice down and Farri’s embarrassment was being broadcasted in a wide arc. The Drake [Receptionist] turned to Pisces and spoke in a tight voice.
“Farri, please excuse me for a moment. Pisces, would you come with me?”
“Certainly, Miss Selys.”
Farri nodded tightly to her. Selys glared at Pisces. He was reaching for his cup, but he got up and followed her down the street. She saw Farri sitting still before she whirled and glared at Pisces.
“What was that? What the hell was that, Pisces?”
He raised his brows.
“Excuse me? I was simply expressing my genuine opinion—”
Selys’ claw poked straight through his robes and into his chest. He yelped in pain and tried to retreat. She advanced, tail lashing.
“Don’t lie. That was the rudest you’ve ever been! Farri is a friend of mine! He helped me the first time I was here—”
“Oh, how altruistic. No doubt he did it out of goodwill—”
“Shut up! Why did you bite his head off with the first ring?”
Pisces raised his hands, glaring back at Selys.
