6.57
Page 10
They passed by a pale-scaled Drake chatting with a Centaur. It was such an odd sight Selys had to look twice. Pisces was still talking and didn’t notice. Selys stared at the Centaur. He had something in his mouth. A tube? No, a cigar. She’d seen some adventurers and rich Drakes smoking the stuff, but it was pricey! And the Watch had a dim view of most drugs; not that Liscor was exactly thriving in the black market. But that might change.
“So you’re going to help Liscor expand the road to Pallass, huh? That’ll mean we get a lot more visitors and trade year-round. As it is, we get lots of traffic from the south during the fall and winter, and sporadic traffic all year from the Humans.”
Pisces sniffed, but lightly as he munched on a Gnoll-treat. Not the hamburgers Erin had introduced like a plague onto the street vendors, but a simple Gnoll treat—different cuts of meat, all cooked to various degrees, cushioned in a bit of wrapping paper. You ate slice by slice or an entire meaty bite; Selys snagged a cut of pork and chewed it happily. Drakes and Gnolls, being mostly carnivorous, didn’t go for bread as much as Humans. Pisces sighed.
“Ceria did mention she was scouting out the Bloodfields. Another activity I’ll be forced to take part in, I suppose. Clearing a trade route to Pallass is a temporary occupation. Needlessly tedious for how much it pays, but it will keep my team busy. In truth, once the Halfseekers finally get to Invrisil we will be spending some time there.”
Selys paused and looked at him.
“That’ll take a bit. But when it happens, it’ll be as far as Pallass, right? Hard to visit.”
Pisces paused, chewing, and shrugged.
“Not too difficult. We can simply charge the door. But yes—I imagine we will attempt to take more requests around Invrisil. There simply isn’t much high-level work around Liscor besides the dungeon.”
“Right. And you’re not going into the dungeon.”
“Yes.”
“Well—that’ll be fun. Maybe I’ll visit Invrisil. I’ve been meaning to visit Pallass, but with the mana constraints on the door—”
Pisces blinked, and then nodded a bit.
“Yes. Yes, I’m sure Erin would want to visit too. And it is a notable city to visit. When that day comes, I will certainly suggest the idea. But with the Halfseekers—”
They wandered left, down a street. This time Pisces spotted a Minotaur and nudged Selys. The huge bull-person was studying a display of books, ignoring the looks from Drakes and Gnolls around him. She gasped.
“There’s another Minotaur in Liscor? I had no idea! Do you think he knows about Calruz?”
“She. And one imagines someone has told her by now.”
“No. She?”
Selys was incredulous. Pisces coughed, looking amused.
“Note the mammaries?”
It took Selys a moment to figure out what he meant. Then she stared.
“Breasts? Oh. I thought they were just uh, muscles for a second. She looks like Calruz!”
Pisces snorted, averting his gaze as they walked away from the Minotaurs lest she hear. He glanced absently at her.
“Minotaurs are rather statuesque. I gather there’s no physical difference between their genders in terms of body mass. Like Gnolls and Garuda. However, I’m amazed you didn’t notice the obvious.”
She slapped his leg with her tail, grinning.
“That’s not where Drakes look first. We check out the tail. And that’s not a feature most Drakes have like…well, like Humans!”
“But Drakes are mammals. They have live births and ah, the same reproductive basics as Humans to most extents, despite your relationship with Dragons. I always wondered why you called your young ‘hatchlings’.”
The Drake eyed him for a long moment.
“…How do you know that?”
