6.57
Page 9
She still couldn’t tell if he was acting. Selys glanced sideways at Pisces as the two strolled back down the street. Nearly three hours had passed, and they’d passed quickly! Selys’ bladder was a bit full, but she had enjoyed herself. She looked sideways at Pisces as he walked beside her. He wasn’t scowling and he hadn’t dropped the good-natured, neutral expression he’d worn after bidding Farri goodbye.
“He didn’t manage to make you buy anything.”
“No. And I’m quite surprised I got away. Almost as much as he was!”
Pisces chuckled to himself. Selys was impressed too; Farri had his Skills and he’d sold Selys nearly twelve hundred gold’s worth of items, all of which would be delivered to her apartment; he was adding the tracking charm to her bag of holding.
It had been a successful outing. Pisces was nodding to himself, clearly pleased at his efforts. His throat was a bit hoarse, but he walked along, chatting much more lightheartedly than this morning.
“A fair [Merchant], I think. Ultimately self-interested, but fair to his clients. Did you see him glancing at his hand?”
“I did, but I didn’t see a truth stone flashing.”
The [Necromancer] smiled knowingly.
“I believe he painted over one of the gems. The one on his ring finger? He concealed it so it would only shine towards him. Clever.”
He chuckled to himself. Selys had to pause and check her tail. Then she looked at the young man thoughtfully.
“You know, Pisces, you’re very likable when you try to be.”
He paused.
“I suppose I made an effort today.”
“More than that. I think Farri actually liked talking to you, and that was after your first encounter! Was it an act?”
The [Necromancer] flicked his fingers.
“The best act is genuine emotion, Selys.”
“That doesn’t answer my question. Fine. Be mysterious. But why don’t you do that all the time? You’d be popular if you tried!”
Hadn’t Ceria once mentioned that Pisces had once been that likable? Selys remembered Erin relating some of his history. But the young man just shook his head and some of his cheer faded.
“Not everyone is worth the effort.”
“Maybe more people would be if you tried. You didn’t hate Farri, did you? Be honest. Or do I have to buy a truth ring?”
Pisces hesitated.
“I suppose he was a good man. As far as [Merchants] go. I have met poor ones. And he was…decent. Yes. Perhaps I did. But as I said, not everyone…”
They walked out of Trader’s End, moving back towards The Wandering Inn to the eastern gates, but really ambling, talking. The street was lively and Selys saw people going to and from work. Some hunted, others mined the safe deposits at the base of the High Passes…Liscor wasn’t rich and it did have to import at times. But there was wealth to be had here. The Floodplains could feed a large population of animals, mostly wild, and as such, the wary [Hunter] or [Trapper] could feast on Razorbeaks, birds, Corusdeer—so long as they avoided Rock Crabs.
“It’s just that I don’t see the need to put on a front when the act of repelling someone precludes further conversation that would be meaningless. Moreover, it is far simpler for fools to dislike me rather than assume false affection and be twice-scorned and even more vengeful.”
“Then don’t scorn them, Pisces. What’s so hard about that?”
“I cannot abide fools, Selys. And sometimes, the objectionable actions of some halfwits simply pulls it out of me—”
“Every second of the day?”
