6.57
Page 27
“He was about to notice us. He’s not an idiot. We shouldn’t have approached. But we got him. We got him and it’s done. We can make apologies later and pay for damages. If this was a city up north or in Terandria, we’d be fine, probably. How much different is Liscor, Isceil?”
He shrugged, looking annoyed.
“I don’t know! I grew up in Fissival, far from here. And frankly, Liscor’s always been isolated. It’s a border city; it was out of touch before the Antinium settled a damn Hive here.”
“Well, someone needs to go see the Watch Captain and explain matters. And pay for the bar we trashed.”
Beza, or Bezale, the Minotaur, folded her arms. She was fishing around in her bag of holding and now she produced a few scrolls. She eyed them.
“And I need to scribe another [Steel Body] and [Haste] scroll.”
“Being a [Spellscribe] must suck.”
“Not as much as being an [Oldblood Magus] who lost to a third-year student who was expelled, Isceil. So much for the dueling master.”
“I—shut up.”
The Drake clenched both claws, too furious for a reply. Montressa shook her head.
“I told you he was dangerous. He’s avoided capture from all the other teams who found him for a reason. Enough. We still have work. But someone has to talk to the Watch Captain.”
“Not me.”
Beza looked up instantly. Ulinde echoed her. Everyone turned to look at Isceil. He glared.
“What?”
Palt exhaled; he was still smoking. It was almost perpetual if you knew him.
“You’re a Drake, Isceil.”
“So? Why do I have to talk to some petty Watch Captain? You do it Palt.”
“What? I don’t want to.”
“You didn’t help during the capture.”
“Not my job.”
The Centaur looked affronted, but he sensed Isceil’s mood. He looked at Montressa, and she paused.
“You are the best at negotiations, Palt.”
The Centaur sighed loudly. Ulinde patted him on the flank.
“Just slap on [Arlell’s Articulation] and [Charming Visage]. If she’s got magic detection spells, do something non-magical and charming. You’re the [Illusionist]. I’m a Selphid, there’s that thing with the Minotaur, Isceil’s mad and Mons is the boss. There’s only you.”
“I don’t know why I agreed to come with you all. Fine. Where’s this Watch Captain? Oh, and give me the gold bag, Mons. I might have to pay a lot.”
Palt sighed. Mons handed him a pouch and he took it. Isceil looked around.
“I don’t know where the Watch barracks is. Go ask a [Guardsman] and they’ll point it to you.”
“Thanks.”
The Centaur snorted and trotted off in a huff. Isceil shouted after his back.
“And put out that stupid roll-up! It’s illegal to have cloudleaf in most Drake cities! Let alone whatever you put in that thing.”
He saw Palt turn his head and glare before marching back. Montressa looked at Beza and the Minotauress shook her head hopelessly. Palt spat the smoking roll from his lips and caught it magically in the air. He glared at Isceil.
“First of all, it’s not a ‘roll-up’. And neither is it a ‘joint’. This is a spliff, hence the tobacco leaves I’ve added to the cloudleaves. It’s quite good.”
“Really? Then I’ll have one.”
Isceil moderated his tone and reached for it. Palt made it vanish and the Drake glared at him.
“No. You want one? Pay up. These aren’t cheap and I can’t buy more ingredients easily in Drake cities. [Alchemists] charge far too much around here.”
“Just get out of here.”
The Drake rudely turned his back. Palt trotted off huffily. His companions watched him go. After a second, Beza snorted.
“Spliff? What is that? Some new concoction?”
“He probably learned it from the guests.”
Ulinde nodded knowingly at the others. Beza paused.
“Oh, right. Them.”
