6.58
Page 17
Erin saw Beza’s eyes narrow. She saw the punch and ducked—but too slow. Beza struck Erin across the face and Erin stumbled. Her mouth was bloody. She got back up. Aura? Could she do something other than weigh Beza down? Where was—
The Minotaur grabbed her head with one huge hand. Erin punched at her, but Beza was unmovable.
“[Numbing Touch].”
Erin sagged. She made a sound as Beza let go.
“Huh—”
She hit the ground, a sack of bones and flesh, unable to move. Beza turned. She hesitated, looking at the unconscious Numbtongue, and then saw Relc stabbing Ulinde. His spear went right through her stomach, but she kept moving, twisting off it and shooting spells.
“Why the hell won’t you stop moving?”
“Drake!”
Beza roared and Relc turned. He blocked another spell from Montressa and shouted.
“You suck too, Numbtongue!”
He whirled his spear and Beza hesitated. She eyed the spear and raised her fists, gesturing.
“Come on, Drake. Drop your spear and let’s see how good you are!”
Relc stared at her.
“That’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard. I’m holding back.”
He spun, pointing the spear at Montressa. She paused. Relc looked around. Ulinde, Beza, Montressa, and he was surrounded. Worse, Isceil was groaning and everyone was unconscious or ensorcelled. Relc sighed.
“Put down your weapons. Or I’ll start killing you instead of holding back.”
The Wistram [Mages] stared at him. Ulinde’s mouth moved incredulously. Beza lost her temper. She roared at Relc, spittle flying.
“Surrender? You have no idea who you’re fighting! I’m the best at hand-to-hand combat in all of Wistram! I’m—”
A presence behind her. The [Spellscribe] whirled. A huge Drake stared up at her. He was a bit shorter, but only big. And he was even more muscular than she was. He shook his head as Erin got up groggily, helped by a pale Raskghar, trembling with fury—
“Wistram’s standards must be even lower than I remember. Grimalkin. Strongest [Mage] in Pallass.”
“Grimalk—”
Beza jerked backwards. The Drake swung. She saw a huge, scaly fist and threw up her guard—
 
—-
 
“I’m so glad to have your assistance, Watch Captain. If you’ll follow me?”
Palt trotted from Zevara’s office. She smiled.
“Certainly, Wistram’s representative!”
She followed him down the steps. She had something in her hand. A whistle, made of tin. Palt didn’t notice her as he trotted down the steps, using the handrails for guidance. Zevara put the whistle in her lips and blew it. It made no sound.
“I hope Miss Selys wasn’t too—upset. I trust we can amicably explain the situation. As I said, Wistram is willing to make a very generous donation—and recompense her for her trauma, of course!”
Palt murmured over his shoulder as he slowly reached the bottom of the steps. Zevara gave him a bright smile.
“Let’s go see, shall we?”
The Centaur trotted past the empty receptionist’s desk. He looked around the barracks, straightened his vest—
“Get him!”
The Watch hit him as he entered the barracks. Gnolls and Drakes yanked him off his hooves. Beilmark smashed a club across Palt’s face as he fell.
The Centaur didn’t even have time to utter a spell. The Gnolls and Drakes hit him with batons and clubs from both sides. He screamed once before they brought him down. Zevara shouted as the [Guards] made sure the [Mage] was unconscious.
“Enough!”
They stopped kicking him. Senior Guardswoman Beilmark growled, her fur standing on end.
“What was it, Watch Captain? He said he was a [Mage] from Wistram—”
“Maybe he was. He cast an enchantment on me. And he attacked—”
“He attacked Pisces!”
