6.58
Page 23
The Worker stared at Erin. She laughed, and he kicked at the ground. She heard a groan and looked down. Beza’s eyes were nearly rolled up in her head. Bird paused.
“I’m home. Who are these people? Bad people?”
“I—”
And then the inn was crowded. Zevara slammed out of the door of the inn, having used the magic door. Erin turned as the Watch Captain stared around.
“What in the name of the Ancestors was that? Senior Guardsman Relc? Front and center!”
She bellowed as [Guards] streamed out. They dropped on the [Mages], grabbing wands and their possessions as more trained bows on them. Erin saw Relc jogging up the hill.
“Hi Watch Captain—”
“Senior Guardsman Relc! Explain this before I take that spear and shove it up your tailpipe!”
Zevara bellowed in his face. Erin hadn’t heard her this mad in a long time, and never not at her. Bird looked at her and she hugged him. He sighed.
“I am much cuddled. Are there any birds left? I have missed them.”
“Watch Captain, I uh, was responding to a distress call—”
“Why in the name of the Ancestors was I not informed?”
“It was an emergency, Watch Captain. Lyonette found me first, and then she ran to see you—”
“We were busy dealing with the Centaur situation, Watch Captain.”
One of the [Guards] winced as Zevara rounded on him. She stared at the door—and then as it burst open.
“Move! I heard—by the walls!”
Keldrass and Bevussa burst into the inn. Zevara stared at them and shouted.
“Keep them clear! No—shut up, Relc! Someone find Miss Lyonette before she calls half the city on this inn!”
“Is Lyonette okay? I sent everyone out of the inn! And I tried to tell you all, but it was hard and I was looking for Relc and the Gold-ranks—oh no! There’s one more [Mage]!”
Erin was panting, wiping at her bloody mouth. Beilmark shook her head.
“Miss Lyonette wasn’t in the barracks. She must have missed the excitement. There’s a Centaur in custody.”
“Put all these [Mages] in a magic-warded cell! Patch them up first—[Healers]! And get me Guildmistress Alonna!”
Zevara was roaring, looking for someone to take her fury out on. But the [Mages] weren’t even conscious. Jelaqua dropped what looked like a side of meat in front of the [Guards]. Everyone recoiled.
“Dead?”
“Selphid.”
Jelaqua growled. The Gnolls backed up as the Raskghar-body rolled its shoulders. The…remains of the corpse that was Ulinde was making a sound, but not with any part of the body. It came from inside and sounded a bit like sobbing; a buzzing, bubbling sound.
“I dealt with this one. It’s not causing any more trouble. And I was nice after what they did to my team.”
The Gold-rank Selphid looked around. Moore was sitting up, prodding at his chest, and Seborn was helping him up, supporting one arm. Relc snorted as he saw Numbtongue leaning against the bar.
“That was a terrible fight. Those stupid [Mages] were using spells and I was afraid to hit them too hard. So was everyone else.”
Zevara’s lips compressed. She looked at Erin. The [Innkeeper] was unsteady on her feet.
“Miss Solstice. Explain this to me. I met one of the Wistram [Mages] who informed me he attacked and abducted Pisces, and the rest of his team after enchanting Miss Selys.”
“Selys! Is she alright? The Horns—”
Zevara held up a claw. She was looking around.
“Magus Grimalkin?”
“Here.”
The Drake loomed and the Watch respectfully backed up. Grimalkin’s arms were folded and he looked extremely displeased. Zevara nodded to him, modulating her bark.
“Magus Grimalkin, thank you for your help.”
