6.58
Page 2
The Drake’s brows shot up. She stared at Palt.
“Pisces?”
“You know of him?”
“He’s a murderer?”
“Responsible for deaths, certainly. I will be only too happy to ask the academy to list his full crimes, Watch Captain. But my team is waiting—may I ask you to accompany me in soothing the Drake? She will need the matter explained, but I’m only too happy to use a [Calm] spell. And then we can discuss the matter of damages—for your time, we’d be only too willing to make a sizable contribution to the Watch? As a matter of gratitude?”
He smiled again. Zevara paused. She stared at Palt, and then nodded slowly.
“By all means. It is Wistram Academy we’re talking about.”
The [Illusionist] Centaur smiled, relieved, as she stood and gestured for him to follow. At last! If he was lucky, he might get to go to the inn and have something to eat before everyone else was done. They owed him large for this. He wondered if the [Innkeeper], Erin Solstice, really was one of the people they were seeking. His stomach rumbled as he absently twiddled his fingers, undoing a spell.
Below, in the Watch Barracks, Selys Shivertail sat up. Her absent gaze focused, and she sat up fast, nearly head-butting Senior Guardswoman Beilmark, who had been waving a paw in front of her face and asking slow questions. She looked around wildly. And then she began to scream.
In Zevara’s office, Palt winced. He probably should have been down there and used a calming spell first. He began to weave one, for the entire Watch house. He cast it, exhaling hard. But he was a [Fairday Illusionist], and good times were his specialty. If he was smoking something the effect would have been even stronger.
As it was, the scream lowered in intensity. Palt sighed as he turned and Watch Captain Zevara stood.
“I think some explanations are in order, Watch Captain.”
“Oh, certainly, Magus Palt. After you?”
He nodded. Montressa owed him large for this. He was really, really hungry. He trotted for the door—
 
—-
 
There were four [Mages] in The Wandering Inn. Well, four real [Mages]. That was an important distinction. Anyone could call themselves a [Mage] or teach themselves magic like the [Hedge Mage] casting poor illusion spells around the [Actors] on stage, but only a few knew how to use magic.
Four such sat here now. They were all full [Mages] of Wistram. Experts in their field of magic and agents of the academy. They did what needed doing, what few others could. And one of those things was this.
“I can’t believe it. There are more people from Earth? In Wistram?”
Erin was speaking to Montressa. Her eyes were wide, and she was standing with the other [Mage] in a small veil of silence. Montressa’s companions, the Selphid Ulinde, Isceil, the Oldblood Drake, and the Minotauress known as Beza all watched. They couldn’t see the entire conversation; it was muted to them too, but they could guess.
They’d seen it before. Erin looked unsteady, so Montressa held out a hand, steadying her. The young woman stared at her. She said something. Ulinde leaned over to Isceil.
“Bet she’s asking how many there are. Or if they know what’s happening back in her wor—”
Isceil’s tail slapped at her and Ulinde shut up. Beza also gave the Selphid a glare and Ulinde cringed.
“Ulinde.”
“Sorry! I’m just rattled from earlier. I still have a hole in my head! It’s letting air in!”
The Selphid raised her claws, pointing at the hole in her skull. Isceil made a disgusted sound and looked away.
“Cover that up. And remember, don’t say anything without a [Hush] spell or greater in effect!”
Then he smirked.
