6.58
Page 4
The [Innkeeper] nodded again. She turned and then swiveled around.
“Oh! Right! You want food, right?”
The [Mages] brightened up. Work was one thing, and seeing their good deeds another, but food was food and [Mages] from Wistram loved food.
“Absolutely! We can order from the menu.”
“Sure! Or—you know, I can get you what you wanted. Hamburgers. Cheeseburgers. We have actual curry too. I mean, I have the ingredients, but I’ve never made it.”
“Really?”
All the [Mages] looked interested. Beza nudged Ulinde; she’d heard of the dishes, but they hadn’t been replicated yet—or at least, not for the consumption of people not actively working with the Earthworlders at Wistram.
It was a known secret, although you had to be a full [Mage] of Wistram and fairly well-connected in influence or secrets to know more. Ulinde, Beza, Palt, Isceil, and Montressa all had enough clout to know something, although Montressa probably knew the most.
She was a secret-broker after all, partnered with Beatrice. And fairly high-placed in her faction, the Revivalists. All of the young [Mages] were; they were the best of their years, prodigies. They didn’t think of themselves like that of course, but they were definitely above most of their peers.
“What is this cur-rhee?”
Isceil looked suspiciously at Erin. She smiled, her eyes flicking from face to face. She really was handling the news well. Beza was impressed, but then again, maybe she was in shock. That had happened too, with that young girl they picked up in First Landing…
“Curry? It’s um, well, it’s like…a stew! Except more…you know what? It’s like a thick stew you put over other food. It’s very good—I can make it vegetable, but it usually has meat. It’s spicy generally—”
“Spicy?”
Isceil’s eyes lit up. He nodded before Erin could continue.
“I’ll have a bowl, then. Or plate.”
“Curry and rice, then. And everyone else?”
Beza looked at Ulinde. She shrugged.
“Can we share a…curry?”
Erin beamed.
“Sure, I’ll make a big pot. Can I get you appetizers?”
“More of these potato-things.”
“French fries! Sure! And let me get you some condiments. Curry will be a bit since it needs to be actually made—wanna hamburger or pizza or something before it comes out? It’s filling but—”
“We’ll take it. We’re still waiting on Palt, anyways.”
The [Mages] brightened at the assortment of food Erin was describing. They were hungry from spellcasting and with the exception of Beza who regarded fat as a sin and Ulinde, who inhabited anybody she chose, all of them were used to good eating. And they had large appetites; magic-users burned energy like no one’s business. Erin nodded, backing away and calling orders at a passing Gnoll. They watched as she hurried towards the impatient [Actor], still glancing over her shoulder.
“She bolted. How’d she take it, Montressa?”
“Very well. She didn’t panic or anything. We’ll need to convince her to leave the inn, actually.”
Montressa sighed as she placed the staff on the table. The floating copper orb hovering around it slowed and hovered in midair. She nodded at Erin.
“I told her about Aaron and the others. And the safety of Wistram, but—she actually owns this inn.”
“Seriously?”
Isceil blinked. Montressa nodded.
“Not only that. She told me that little Gnoll’s her ward and she’s employing the staff here—and that the Goblin’s her guest!”
“Dead gods.”
Beza turned and stared at the Hobgoblin darkly. She saw Erin talking to the [Actor], waving her hands and stabbing with a knife, pantomiming something—he was backing away. Ulinde looked concerned.
“That might be a problem. What’d you say, Montressa?”
