6.58
Page 18
Selys pushed her way forwards. She was shouting and crying. Zevara turned to her.
“There were five of them! They—they said they were from Wistram. He wasn’t moving when—they put him in a box! And then they got the others! Ceria, Ksmvr, Yvlon—I saw it all! I was under a spell!”
“Guards!”
Zevara had heard enough. She bellowed and Liscor’s Watch looked at her. The Watch Captain turned. Palt’s spell had gone and all that was left was the kind of fury that was so overwhelming it was calm. Zevara turned.
“There are four [Mages] in the city that assaulted Miss Selys Shivertail and took a Silver-rank team hostage! I want the rest of them found now and arrested! Get an anti-mage team, Beilmark! Find Relc, Klbkch—get Jeiss and the other Senior Guards too! There’s no telling what levels they are, but they’re not leaving the city! I want this done quietly, without them getting a chance to loose any more spells—”
“Kill or take alive, Watch Captain?”
Beilmark growled. A Gnoll was growling as the [Guards] grabbed weapons. Another went for a bell.
“Alive unless they threaten you, Senior Guardsman. Belay that bell, guardsman! No alarms! Spread out! I want eyes on the walls—”
A thought hit Zevara. No, a certainty. She strode out of the Watch House. Selys and the Watch followed her. Zevara looked towards the east and cursed.
“Get that squad together, Beilmark. You five! Get to the eastern wall! Run! Check to see if there’s any activity around the inn!”
She ran. Selys stopped only to kick Palt in the face before she was hot on Zevara’s tail.
 
—-
 
Beza the Minotauress was lying down. She realized it only when it turned out the wall was floorboards. She blinked.
“Huh? Why am I on the floor?”
That was what she tried to say. But it didn’t come out. Grimalkin squatted down and rolled her over. Beza stared up at him. He inspected her jaw and shrugged.
“Concussion. I didn’t break the jaw. I’m getting better at not doing that. Then again, Minotaur’s jaws are tough. Miss Solstice? [Dispel Magic].”
“Whuh—”
Erin jerked as the numbness left her. She stood, turning.
“Numbtongue!”
“Not hurt. Cracked bones. I’ll see to him. Are there any more?”
Grimalkin nodded at Beza. She was still staring at the ceiling, trying to say something. Erin looked around.
“There’s one in the city—they were going to leave—Seborn! Moore!”
“Alive. The half-Giant’s wounded.”
Grimalkin looked around the inn. His tone was conversational. Montressa was screaming something at Relc as he sliced closer. He was so casual. Erin tried to grab at him, but her arms were still hard to move.
“They were gonna—”
“I heard. You’re lucky I was coming to tutor Miss Springwalker. I got the message from your Gnoll at the same time as Miss Ivirith.”
“Miss—”
Ulinde was firing spells, at Relc, screaming as she aimed two at Grimalkin. He blocked them with one claw. She whirled as something moved. A huge, Gnoll-like beast was bent over Moore. It raised its head. Ulinde froze.
No Gnoll looked like that. But what was it? Then she saw the dead eyes. And she knew.
Jelaqua leapt. She caught Ulinde, ignoring the spells that burned holes into her Raskghar body. She snarled. Ulinde screamed.
“I—I’m—I can explain! I’m—I’m a huge fan, Miss Ivirith. B-but—”
“Shut up.”
The Selphid [Mage] did. She stared at Jelaqua, trembling. The Raskghar’s mouth opened.
“Hey. You know what’s going to happen next?”
“Wh—”
“Pain.”
The two crashed across the inn. Montressa, spinning, screamed as she saw her friend.
“Ulinde!”
