6.58
Page 5
“That we’d take the Gnoll and her uh, keeper, the [Barmaid]. Even consider the Hobgoblin if it came to it.”
“You can’t be serious.”
The Minotauress’ head turned around. Montressa grimaced.
“She said they were her family! I’ll need to talk to Wistram. Tomorrow. It might be harder to persuade her than we thought.”
“I’m not travelling with a Goblin. Just toss a [Charm] spell on the [Innkeeper] and let’s go. Or have you forgotten we have…”
Isceil’s eyes narrowed as he nodded at the black cube on Montressa’s belt. She adjusted her robes, concealing it.
“I haven’t. But you know our orders. We need to maintain good relationships, and that means we can’t just charm someone. We’ll try diplomacy. And if it comes to it, Palt will be the one casting spells. He can do it subtlety, Isceil.”
Ulinde glanced around the inn. It really was hopping. She saw Erin Solstice talking to the [Actor], and then pausing by the Hobgoblin’s table as the [Barmaid], Lyonette came over. Erin was gesturing at their table.
“Wait, is she telling it about us?”
Beza was instantly alarmed. Montressa waved a hand.
“Don’t worry. She’s probably just reassuring it since you’re here, Beza. She took my warning seriously; she’s desperate to go back home, she said.”
“Well, she’d better leave the Hobgoblin. Did she say if she knew any other guests? That would be a victory for our team.”
Isceil looked at Montressa. The [Mage] shook her head instantly.
“She didn’t know anyone, she said. Pity, but she is fairly well cut off, even with the door. She started this inn, you know. Found it abandoned; fixed it up.”
“I can see that. She’s quite a nice personality. Simple; engaging—perfect for an [Innkeeper]. Not like some of the guests.”
Ulinde smiled. Montressa nodded, relaxed. She waved at Isceil as the Hobgoblin, not even looking at their table, immediately went back to his book.
“Let her be, Isceil. She’s taking it in. And this is a fascinating inn.”
“Did you tell her about the Horns, Montressa?”
A look flashed across Montressa’s face.
“No. And I told her my name was Elenope. We’ll tell her the truth—later. Once she’s decided to come to Wistram. She must not know what…Pisces…was. Or he tricked her. Probably that. He’s always been good at deceiving people.”
Her hand unconsciously went to her staff. Beza patted her on the shoulder.
“Relax, Montressa. I agree with everything you’ve said. Still, an inn, employees—it might be harder to persuade her.”
Montressa shrugged.
“We’ll get Palt’s opinion. Tonight, we eat and make a good impression—stay here, perhaps. We’ll sort out the rest later. If we need to stay here longer than a few days, I’ll send this via Courier.”
She tapped the Silent Box. The other three [Mages] nodded slowly. Montressa’s face had tightened. Beza held out a hand.
“I can watch it—”
“I have it.”
That was that. The [Mages] changed topics as the food arrived. Isceil blinked as a pizza appeared, thin-crust, along with more fries and condiments.
“It’s not even been a minute!”
“Sorry about that. We’re busy. Don’t fill up; Erin’s making a huge pot of that orange stuff in the kitchen! Say, I hear a Centaur’s coming, right? Actually, will this be enough food? Between a Centaur and a Minotaur—”
Drassi apologized, then grinned at Beza. The Minotaur didn’t look insulted.
“I could eat half this round thing and have room. And my companions are pigs.”
“Don’t make me transform you. Dead gods, is this all cheese?”
Isceil looked dismayed. Montressa raised a knife and fork, intrigued. Drassi laughed.
“You eat it by claw! And let me know if you want refills!”
