6.58
Page 25
He touched the door and it shone. Grimalkin reached in—or perhaps the box expanded to fit his hands—and suddenly four figures were lying on the ground. Ceria sat up. Her eyes went wide, refocusing in the dimmer light.
“Stop! Montress—”
She raised her skeletal hand, ice crystallizing around her finger. Grimalkin jerked her hand up and the [Ice Spike] shot into the air. Zevara swore and recoiled. Yvlon swung muzzily, her arm still twisted. Ksmvr jerked.
“—war. If they are hurt, the Antinium—”
He stopped and stared around. Ceria blinked at Grimalkin and her eyes went wide. The [Sinew Magus] nodded at her and then instantly focused on Yvlon. She was staring around wildly.
“Where are we? What—”
“Pisces!”
Erin shouted. Everyone, Horns, adventurers, and [Guards] turned. A white mass of robes lay on the ground. But it was deceptive. Pisces’ enchanted robes were the only clean thing about him. The rest—Erin stared down. His face was swollen, and bloody.
He wasn’t moving.
“Pisces?”
She reached for him. Grimalkin grabbed her hand. He waved an arm and something pushed everyone back. Only the [Healer] and he were close. Grimalkin’s claw hovered over Pisces’ face.
“Still unconscious. He’s badly beaten. I detect bone chips—broken bones here—ruptured blood vessels—”
“Magus Grimalkin, I have localized tonics—”
“Good. You’re familiar with multiple fractures in bones? Right here. Here. There’s blood and swelling here—how localized are your tonics?”
The [Sinew Magus] was calm as could be as he knelt over Pisces. Erin pressed against the barrier, desperate to get closer. It trembled and she fell through. Grimalkin looked up, annoyed.
“Turn off your aura, Miss Solstice. Don’t interfere with my spells. This is a delicate process.”
“My—is he going to be alright?”
“Silent Boxes preserve those who are captured as they were. Time passes very slowly; these injuries are fresh. Stand back and let us work.”
Erin did as Grimalkin bent. Ceria was babbling to Zevara.
“I—we tried to talk! But if we started throwing deadly spells—”
“I’ll send a team to the bar. Was anyone else hurt?”
“No. Just Pisces. The rest of the adventurers were incapacitated. But someone check on Ksmvr.”
Yvlon grabbed Ksmvr. The Worker was still smoking from the electrical burns he’d taken. He shook his head as a second [Healer] looked at him.
“I am functional. Yvlon. Someone must see to you.”
“What?”
The woman looked at him. Slowly, Zevara pointed.
“Your arm’s dislocated.”
Yvlon looked down. Her armor had been twisted. Ceria gasped as she saw—Yvlon covered the gap as the [Healer] ran over.
“It’s fine. Just dislocated. Swollen. A bit of infection. It’s—”
Erin saw Yvlon being led away. Ksmvr followed her, leaving Ceria behind. She watched as the [Healer] reduced Pisces’ swelling and Grimalkin straightened. He nodded at Erin.
“He should be fine. They left him alive on purpose.”
Erin exhaled, but Ceria was shaking. She pointed at the unconscious four [Mages] and ice began forming around her hand. Grimalkin moved between her and the [Mages]. The half-Elf’s face was white.
“They jumped us. It was Montressa and some [Mages] from Wistram. How dare they? We didn’t do anything! They—”
“You know her?”
Ceria looked up. She nodded in response to Zevara’s question.
“That’s Montressa du Valeross. She was a classmate of ours in Wistram, years ago. She’s…she’s all grown up.”
Erin’s eyes widened. Ceria stared down at Montressa’s face. Zevara cursed.
“So they are official [Mages] from Wistram? Dead gods damn it. This just got a lot more complicated.”
“What are you going to do?”
