6.58
Page 20
“I got most of it with my spear. Damn, damn—I hate lightning. Hey, I can’t break more than one of those stupid shields at a time. My spear doesn’t go through ‘em all. I could get three with [Triple Thrust], but that—”
Both of them looked up as Montressa pointed her staff. Grimalkin raised his arm.
“Hm. [Resistance to Lightning]. [Force Shield].”
This time the lightning bolts burst on the shield. Arcs of electricity hit Relc and Grimalkin, but the enchantment meant the bolts did little more than tickle. Relc sighed.
“Ooh, nice.”
“Thank you.”
“You want to go up there and hit her? I’m fed up with eating spells.”
Grimalkin paused. He was watching Montressa with narrowed eyes.
“That’s a good barrier spell. She must be a specialist.”
He shouted up at Montressa.
“Human. Put down that staff! Release your mana or I will come up there! I am Grimalkin of Pallass and this is the Gecko of Liscor!”
“Aw, don’t say—”
“Don’t come any closer! I’m a [Mage] of Wistram! I’ve done nothing wrong!”
Montressa’s voice was hoarse. Grimalkin raised his brows.
“I’d surrender, Miss [Mage]. I’d prefer not to kill any more [Mages] from Wistram right now. You’ve attacked innocent people in Liscor. Put down your staff now.”
“Yeah! You’re under arrest! You’d better pray the Horns are alright! Surrender and you won’t be harmed!”
He turned to Grimalkin and lowered his voice.
“If they’re dead, we’ll probably feed them to Shield Spiders. If Erin doesn’t kill them.”
Montressa hadn’t heard the last part, but her eyes bulged as Grimalkin began walking casually up towards her. She shrieked at him and Relc.
“For what? We apprehended criminals!”
The Drakes paused. Grimalkin was frowning. He looked at Relc. Montressa desperately seized onto that.
“We explained to your Watch Captain why we’re here! We did nothing wrong!”
Grimalkin glanced back at Relc questioningly. The [Guardsman] paled.
“Oh shit. Did she?”
“Liar!”
Erin burst out of The Wandering Inn. She was panting. She pointed down at Montressa and shouted at Relc and Grimalkin.
“They did something to the Horns of Hammerad! Mrsha said she smelled their blood.”
“Wait. You attacked a group of [Mages] just based on that?”
Grimalkin folded his arms. Relc scratched at the back of his head.
“Yeah, sort of shoddy evidence. Oh shit. Maybe—”
“We only captured them! They’re alive! But that monster—that—that murderer! The [Necromancer]! Pisces! He’s a monster!”
Montressa shouted up at Erin. She aimed her staff at the [Innkeeper] and it began to glow. Relc lifted his spear, aiming it. Grimalkin’s brows snapped together.
“Drop the staff. You won’t get a second chance.”
He lifted a fist. Montressa wavered. She looked at Erin. She looked down at Grimalkin. Relc was dodging around the hill, circling as he advanced. Suddenly he looked up. Stared at Liscor’s walls. Then he ran. Grimalkin glanced up as Relc bellowed at him.
“Incoming! Get clear—”
Atop Liscor’s walls, a spell was forming. Magic coalesced, blobbed together, and then shaped itself. A shimmering, purple-white comet tinged with brilliant blue shot down from the heavens. Montressa turned, and her eyes went wide. The spell was huge. She threw up her arms, mouthing a spell—
The explosion and impact of the comet striking the ground next to Montressa’s barriers was followed a second later by a kick that sent Erin stumbling backwards. Relc and Grimalkin didn’t move. The two Drakes braced and Erin looked around wildly. She was half-blind and her ears were ringing from the sound. What happened? What had—
