6.58
Page 13
“My eyes! That Human bitch—”
Montressa grabbed her staff as Ulinde went for her wands. Beza roared with fury as she stood. She got no further than that.
From the bar, the Hobgoblin abandoned his guitar. He launched himself across the inn. Numbtongue leapt over the table and kicked Beza out of her chair as she rose. The Minotaur crashed to the ground and Numbtongue followed, kicking, punching at her as she tried to rise.
The other three [Mages] shot to their feet. Isceil, howling, pointed a wand at Erin, barely able to see. He roared.
“[Lightning Orb]!”
The inn was almost empty. The guests had already left, as had most of the staff. At the back of the room, the [Actors] fled backstage. But the Drake seized a spear that had been lying among the props and leapt to the floor, bellowing.
“Erin! Get back!”
She dodged the spell as a crackling orb of lightning shot past her shoulder. Relc slashed at it and cut the orb in half as he charged.
“Senior Guardsman! Put down your weapons or I’ll put you through that table!”
Montressa pivoted. She called out desperately; Erin was watching Isceil as he tried to aim at her.
“Miss Solstice, we don’t want to fight! We had to apprehend—”
Montressa saw Erin swing at Isceil’s face. The Drake raised an arm to block, snarling. She hit him in the stomach with her other hand.
“Where are they?”
“The Horns are alive! Put down your weapons, now, or we’ll be forced to hurt you!”
Ulinde called out. She looked at the Halfseekers, and then at Relc. He was charging across the inn’s floor, knocking tables and chairs aside. She turned, aiming both wands at him.
“[Binding—]”
Seborn appeared at her back. Ulinde half-turned, but the [Rogue] was faster. He appeared out of the shadow and grabbed the Selphid, yanking them backwards. His blade glowed like fire. With one arm he choked Ulinde, keeping her steady. The other stabbed the dagger through her chest.
“Ulinde!”
Seborn’s dagger plunged in and out of the Selphid’s chest, so fast that his hand was a blur. When he let her go, her chest was perforated, seared by the flaming enchantment. Montressa turned white. Ulinde swayed, and one arm came up.
“—Burst].”
The explosion hurled Erin and Seborn backwards. She stumbled back and Relc caught her, pulling her away. Seborn flipped backwards, landing next to the half-Giant. Seborn cursed.
“Damn, I missed the real body. Moore!”
“I’m up. Jelaqua isn’t here. The plan?”
“Take the Human!”
“Get back, Erin!”
Relc yanked Erin backwards. Montressa raised her staff, seeing Beza swinging at Numbtongue. This was happening too fast! How had she known? Mrsha?
Isceil wiped curry out of his eyes. He roared as he inhaled.
“Everyone duck! I’m breathing!”
Fire and lightning shot from his maw. The [Oldblood Mage] turned, sweeping his magical breath across the room. The flames and lightning bounced off Montressa’s barrier as the other [Mages] leapt out of the way. Erin shouted as Relc pulled her back, shielding her as he slashed with his spear, cutting the magical fire and lighting.
The Halfseekers dove. Moore groaned and Seborn swore; a bolt of the electricity had hit his side.
“I’m hit! Moore—”
He was already moving. The Wistram [Mages] turned. No more time for words. Beza swung at Numbtongue and he lashed out, striking her across the chest. Seborn lunged at Ulinde and she jumped backwards, firing her spells.
“I’ve got the Drake!”
Relc roared as he leapt sideways, abandoning Erin behind cover. He dodged as Isceil’s spells came after him. Seborn slashed at Ulinde; the Selphid was babbling despite her destroyed chest.
