6.58
Page 6
“Hah, you couldn’t transform an ant, Isceil. You’re all magical breath and nothing else. Hot air, mostly!”
“I can breathe two elements at once and each one I choose, Beza. What can you do? Read a scroll?”
“Remind me who lost to the exiled disgrace? You said you could take him in less than a minute.”
“I was winning—that [Shatterbolt] would never be used in a duel in the Academy—”
The [Mages] were talking lively. Montressa was exclaiming over the pizza with Ulinde.
“This would go amazingly at one of the room parties. With some ale? And these fries!”
They were stuffing themselves. Ulinde nodded energetically. Then she ducked. Isceil stopped arguing with Beza and froze.
“That’s a damn bee the size of my face hovering next to your head, Beza!”
“What?”
Reflexively, Beza swatted, then saw Apista and froze. The Ashfire Bee buzzed the table. A voice called out and Lyonette stormed past.
“Apista! Don’t you dare! Sorry about that, everyone. That’s my um, pet. Apista, go over there! Over there!”
She waved and the bee buzzed away, sad as could be. For she was not a bee that was free. Free to eat the delicious fries with their salt! The Wistram [Mages] stared as she alit on a row of flower boxes. Isceil stared.
“What was that?”
Beza rolled her eyes.
“Ashfire Bee, Isceil. Haven’t you ever taken a lesson on monstrous creatures? At least read a book on Izril’s fauna.”
Coursework didn’t stop when you graduated. You could spend eight years and then continue learning as an apprentice to a senior [Mage] and then join a research group where you were just another peer hitting the books or searching for ways to improve your magic. Of course, not everyone did that. Some, like Montressa, had no teacher, or had halted the bulk of their studies after graduation to pursue other activities.
Isceil just looked incredulous.
“A bee, a Hobgoblin—and I’ve never seen a Gnoll with white fur! What’s next, dancing Fraerlings in the attic?”
“Oh, hush. This inn’s got it all. I want to see these [Actors] that Erin mentioned.”
Montressa was smiling to herself. Erin had gone back to work; she looked preoccupied as she talked to the [Actors]. Drassi hurried past the Wistram [Mage]’s table. Beza caught a fragment of her conversation.
“Hey, Ishkr, have you seen the Horns? If you have, send Ceria and Pisces to Erin—”
The Minotauress stiffened, but Montressa didn’t seem to have heard. Beza relaxed as she saw the Gnoll shake her head. Drassi sighed.
“I’d better find them. No, it’s an order…”
The Minotauress cleared her throat to distract Montressa in case she heard. She nodded towards the table with Numbtongue at it as her friends looked at her.
“A damn Hobgoblin. That’s not just a danger or a pet, you know. I can’t believe it.”
“Steady, Beza. It’s just one. There are four—five of us. We’re a Gold-rank team by ourselves.”
Isceil rolled his eyes. Beza glared at him.
“They’re no joke! Izril just had a Goblin Lord. One. I know what I’m talking about when I say you cannot trust Goblins. You don’t know what they’re really like. In the isles—”
The Drake was opening and closing his mouth and right claw, imitating Beza speaking as he rolled his eyes. She swung at him, and not jokingly. He leaned back, swearing. Beza glared at him, and then at the young woman. Erin waved back, smiling; she’d been staring their way. Ulinde laughed.
“She’s terrible at this! Montressa!”
“Don’t. I like her. We’ll have a talk; she’s not going to make any big mistakes, and if she does? Palt can use a memory spell.”
“When we bring Erin Solstice back with us, I’ll need to speak to her about them.”
