6.58
Page 12
“And I’ll ask Erin what’s wrong with the curry. We can always have the rest of her food. And I think she mentioned ice cream? That’s a Terandrian delicacy!”
Her friends nodded. Isceil was only grumbling a tiny bit as he got up and began navigating towards the door. But before they reached the door, Erin Solstice hurried out of the kitchen.
“Alright! Alright, sorry for the wait!”
She had a steaming pot full of curry, and Drassi was carrying one filled with rice. The Drake put the pot on the table and looked at Erin.
“Anything else, Erin?”
“Nope. Go find Lyonette, Drassi. Tell her I’m starting dinner!”
Erin smiled at Drassi, and then she looked at the Wistram [Mages]. Isceil hurried back to the table, Palt forgotten. Montressa looked into the pot; she could smell the spices from here.
“Whoo! Hot! I can still see it bubbling! Miss Erin, give me a full plate. A good helping; it’s spicy, I take it?”
Isceil was impatient. Erin smiled at him, putting down rice first and then a big helping of curry on top. The Drake licked his lips, seeing meat among the thick sauce.
“Super spicy!”
“Can we cool it down? I’m not looking to breathe fire.”
Beza looked warily at the hot curry. Erin smiled.
“Sure! Just one thing before we start.”
She set down the pot before Isceil could dig into his plate. Montressa nearly objected; they hadn’t been served, but Erin was looking at her. She glanced around, but all she saw were a few [Actors] on stage, the two Halfseekers—barely anyone else. The Hobgoblin was lounging against the bar, tuning a guitar, but he was alone. The inn was—
“What is it, Miss Solstice?”
Isceil was practically panting with anticipation. He loved spices. Erin looked at him and then smiled.
“I was just thinking. I have some people from Wistram in my inn. I didn’t tell you because one of them’s a jerk and both of them have a past with the academy.”
“Oh.”
Montressa’s face froze. Beza carefully watched her friend, and then put a false smile on her face as she turned to Erin.
“Don’t worry, Miss Solstice, we’re completely fine with any…incidents that might have occurred between your friends. What are their names?”
“Oh, Todam and Shelia. One’s a Human, the other one’s a half-Elf.”
“Todam and—”
All the Wistram [Mages] looked surprised. Montressa’s eyes flicked up and Beza had the same thought. Aliases, of course. She shook her head, smiling.
“Never heard of them, but I’m sure we’d love to meet them.”
“Sounds great!”
Erin beamed. She moved back as Isceil dug a fork into his plate, too hungry to wait. She reached for the pot and then paused.
“Say, do you know someone named Ceria? Or Pisces, or Yvlon or Ksmvr?”
Beza blinked. She’d relaxed. Too soon, as it turned out, and the moment of surprise ran around the table. Erin watched them. Her bright, happy smile stopped on her face.
And then it vanished. She looked down at them.
“Thought so. Mrsha says you smell like their blood. What did you do with them?”
“I—”
The [Mages] froze. They looked at Montressa, and she stared at Erin. She took too long to answer. Isceil sneered.
“They got what they deserved. You didn’t know this, but one of them was a [Necromancer]—”
He got no further. Erin grabbed him by the head. She slammed his face into the plate full of curry.
The Drake screamed. He dragged himself back, clawing at his eyes. The curry was hot, physically and in taste. It burned his eyes. Calmly, Erin stepped back. She grabbed the pot and dumped it over him.
“Dead gods!”
Beza pushed herself back. She stood—and Erin hit her with the pot as hard as she could. The Minotaur sat back down.
“What are you doing!?”
