6.58
Page 10
The Gnoll brightened up. Montressa glanced at Beza as she watched Lyonette adjust the door. Ishkr went after them—he set the door to yellow—a location they hadn’t seen before. Montressa raised her eyebrows—the label read ‘Pallass’. Then she looked at Beza.
“But don’t you earn a lot for scrolls, Beza? And you can make more! That’s your entire class!”
“There’s still the time cost, the cost of materials, finding the right buyers—especially if the market is oversaturated! People don’t use spell scrolls every day! I might be rich, but it’s work!”
Beza pounded the table, frustrated. Ulinde and Isceil didn’t look sympathetic.
“At least you can sell your spells. Ulinde and I are combat classes. And we’re not adventurers. Yet. My funding is a lot less than…”
“You think you’ll become an adventurer, Isceil?”
“For a bit? To earn some artifacts and gold? Gold-ranks do earn an enticing amount and I could see myself taking a sabbatical for a few years.”
The Drake looked thoughtful as he stroked his chin. Beza laughed.
“You? Gold-rank?”
“Why not? I’m not Silver. The only thing stopping me is having to put up with a bunch of idiots the entire time…”
“Well, we could be an adventuring team.”
Ulinde looked at the others as Montressa raised her brows.
“Why not? It would be fun! Tell you what, on the way back north, I’ll pop into the Adventurer’s Guilds. If I see something that looks fun or profitable—we take it!”
“It could be good training.”
Beza mused. Montressa shrugged.
“We’ll talk about it. Dead gods, is Palt not here yet?”
Half an hour—no, forty minutes had passed. Isceil waved a lazy claw.
“He’s probably just explaining everything. He’ll have to go through the ranks first—after finding the Watch Barracks—he’ll have stopped for a smoke—”
“Well, he’d better not wait too long or I’m not saving him any of this curry. Where is it?”
Erin had been out twenty minutes ago saying it was nearly done and that she was just waiting on the rice. Since then, the inn had grown more quiet. Beza glanced around—and then Ulinde grabbed her. Hard.
“Oh dead gods. Beza!”
“Ulinde, calm down. I’m trying to watch this ‘play’.”
Montressa complained as she stared at the stage. Beza growled agreement, but Ulinde’s eyes were wide. She was pointing past them, at a duo who’d just entered the inn.
“But Beza! That’s Seborn and Moore! Two of the Halfseekers! That must mean Jelaqua Ivirith is somewhere around here!”
All the [Mages] glanced around. Sure enough, a half-Giant and Drowned Man were walking into the inn. They glanced around impassively, then sat at a table close to the Wistram [Mage]’s. Ulinde started trembling.
“I—I have to talk to them. Come with me?”
She looked at her friends. Isceil was patting his stomach, trying to figure out how much more he could eat. Montressa and Beza were watching the [Actors]. They’d begun Macbeth, but a new cast was on stage. The lead, a [General] played by a Drake, was contemplating treason…
“Go yourself Ulinde, I want to watch this.”
“I can’t! I’ll freeze up! Please? Isceil!”
The Drake snorted. He was watching the play now, and glancing towards the kitchen.
“Go yourself, Ulinde. You’re a Wistram [Mage]! That half-Giant’s not even as good as you are. See his magical flow? They should be coming to you! Where’s the curry, already?”
Beza glanced up. She’d been saving room too and the alcohol was making her peckish. She looked around and to her surprise, realized the dinner rush had in fact been a vacuum.
The inn was surprisingly uncrowded. A pair of Gnolls got up and walked towards the door as the [Mages] glanced around.
