6.58
Page 9
She nodded at the others and mouthed a word as Lyonette smiled. Palt. Definitely Palt. He knew all kinds of spells. Distraction—even memory-altering ones. Montressa nodded back tightly.
Lyonette hadn’t noticed. She was wincing as Erin shouted from the kitchen.
“I need a taste tester! My tongue hurts! Do we have any yogurt?”
“I have to go. Sorry again about Mrsha—do you want anything else? Erin’s still working on the curry—Mrsha, come on!”
“I’m good for the moment. Some more drinks and I’ll be ready to eat.”
Isceil patted his stomach. Montressa nodded. Mrsha was reluctant to go. She dragged at the floor as Lyonette tried to lift her.
“You can leave Mrsha. She’s cute! Hello, little one.”
Montressa waved at Mrsha. The Gnoll smiled and sniffed again.
“And she’s not afraid of Selphids!”
Ulinde was delighted. Lyonette hesitated, but Erin was screaming about a burned tongue so she hurried off after a stern reminder that Mrsha was eating her dinner. The Gnoll let Beza, Montressa, and Ulinde pamper her. Isceil just looked disgusted. He folded his arms.
“Females. I should have gone with Palt.”
“Want me to switch to a male body, Isceil?”
Ulinde laughed at Isceil. Like many Selphids, she changed gender by her body. Isceil looked disgusted.
“That rotting corpse? You need to find another one.”
“I’m running out! Do you know how hard it is to find good bodies anywhere that’s not Baleros?”
“Don’t tell me.”
Mrsha bit at a fry Beza tentatively held out to her. She was circling around Montressa and surreptitiously eying the food. Her nose twitched and she sneezed as Isceil flicked some pepper over the edge of the table. She fled.
“You ass!”
Beza punched Isceil on the shoulder. She watched, heartbroken, as Mrsha scurried over to Lyonette, whining a complaint. The [Princess] bent, frowning.
“What’s that? What? Hm…wait—”
She glanced up at their table. Isceil hunched his shoulders as Ulinde and Montressa glared at him.
“It’s just pepper!”
“You don’t throw that at a child! Much less a Gnoll! If she comes over, apologize!”
“Ancestors damn it, quit being so sensitive! She’s fine, see?”
Isceil’s voice was distinctly relieved as Lyonette smiled and patted Mrsha’s head.
“Oh, fine. Tell Erin. Ishkr! Where are you? Did Drassi already leave to go look for…? Well, you’ll have to do. No—no arguments! Listen—”
Beza sighed as she watched Mrsha and Lyonette hurry off. She was feeling at her scroll pouch.
“I still need to scribe two more scrolls.”
“Do it later. You have multiple copies, don’t you?”
“Yes. But it’s the principle of the thing. I can’t cast magic without a scroll. You know my natural magic pool is too low for regular spellcasting.”
Her friends looked up. That was a touchy subject for Beza usually. She hadn’t been blessed with the natural talents her peers had, so she’d developed this class. By infusing a scroll with mana and laboriously writing the spell on it, she could activate a spell fast as—if not faster than other [Mages], but in return she had to provide effort and money to cast a single spell. Ulinde looked sympathetic.
“How much does it cost for proper blank scrolls?”
“Too much. Let alone liquid gemstone for writing or magicore?”
Beza grimaced. She turned hopefully as Mrsha came trotting out of the kitchen. Lyonette hurried over. She called out as they passed the mages’ table.
“Mrsha, come on! We’re going shopping! Erin’s out of—ground beef! Let’s go to the [Butchers] and I’ll buy you a snack!”
