6.58
Page 3
“Still, I do think she’s asking about that. Ancestors, we have to shepherd this Human all the way to a port?”
“Or hire a carriage. In that case we can send two with her while the other three check on someone else. Or ask Wistram to send an escort. It will take some doing, but we have time.”
Beza leaned back, munching on some french fries. Isceil made a face.
“Whatever it takes, I suppose. We should just be grateful this one’s not crying and clinging to us. Speaking of which—”
He glanced around the inn and stared pointedly at the Hobgoblin sitting with his book, the [Actors] on stage, and then the rather lively room of guests being served by an active staff. Isceil hesitated.
“—this inn is fairly prosperous. Do you think this Human runs it? Herself? She has to have gotten it from someone or perhaps she’s getting help.”
“People seemed to think she was in charge, Isceil. What’s wrong? Don’t you like the fries?”
Ulinde reached for some. Isceil shot up.
“Get your claws off my fries. They’re on my plate, Ulinde. See? Mine. And this…‘guest’ is the best we’ve seen so far.”
“Agreed. But some of them have to have done well. I heard there are Terandrian teams searching for one that’s a [Hunter]. And another—the singer, you know?”
Isceil and Ulinde nodded. The Selphid sighed longingly.
“Lucky. I have some of her songs. If it weren’t for us coming here to meet the Halfseekers, I’d have gone to Terandria.”
“Better that than Baleros. Imagine hunting for guests in the jungles? They’re probably all dead. Or eaten by Lizardpeople.”
“What is it with you Drakes and Lizardpeople?”
Beza looked a bit disapproving as she reached for another fry and found they were all gone. Isceil folded his arms; Montressa was blinking as Erin waved her hands about, pointing at the young [Barmaid] who’d served the table, the Hobgoblin, and the little white Gnoll who was being chased off, a meatball in her mouth, from a table of adult Gnolls.
“They’re copycats. And they giggle all the time. They’re idiotic, they insult us, and historically they were on the side of the Dullahans—”
“They live on Baleros! They’re a different species—how are you like them? They’re good natured, they tell jokes about Drakes instead of outright insulting your species like you do to them, and they were against Dragons—”
“They have stupid wing-flaps on their heads! They look like—walking flowers!”
“You mean, neck frills? But they’re so colorful! Besides, you have spines. Isn’t that—”
Ulinde jumped as Isceil brought one fist down.
“It is nothing alike.”
Beza rolled her eyes, but didn’t say anything. Ulinde was smacking her lips; even deteriorated, her taste buds had liked that meal. She eyed Montressa as the [Mage] stepped back and tapped her staff on the ground. The silence enfolding her and Erin faded and the two’s voices faded in.
“Okay. I have to go. But we have to talk! Are you going anywhere? I have empty rooms! You can stay here tonight!”
Montressa was nodding, smiling beneficently as Erin looked around. Some of the [Actors] were waving at her and Temile was hurrying her way.
“Erin! Miss Erin! I hate to bother you, but the [Seamstress] must ask you a few questions.”
“Um, coming, Temile!”
Erin called distractedly to the [Actor]. She turned back to Montressa. Her eyes were still wide.
“Will you—”
Montressa ducked her head, smiling.
“Of course. We’ll stay right here. We can discuss staying—as I said, Wistram will find a solution and I will consult with my superiors at once. But perhaps it would be more appropriate to talk in private? After dinner?”
“Yes! Absolutely!”
