6.58
Page 21
She realized what had happened as she stared at Liscor, and then at the hill where Montressa had been standing. A spell. From atop one of Liscor’s walls. Someone had fired it! She looked down at the hill—
 
—-
 
“Direct hit on the hill, Watch Captain!”
“Good.”
Watch Captain Zevara lowered the command scroll tied to the wall’s inbuilt spells. The rest of the Watch stared at her, keeping a respectful distance. She squinted down at the hill.
“The [Mage]?”
“Alive, Watch Captain. Her barriers—held the blast.”
A Gnoll gulped as he pointed. Zevara stared at the shimmering shield surrounding Montressa.
“Huh. I should have hit her directly, then. Send a team down, now.”
 
—-
 
Grimalkin brushed at dirt from his scales. Relc was swearing, cupping a claw to one of his earholes. Grimalkin stared up at the hilltop. Despite himself, he was impressed.
“Hm. She is one of Wistram’s better [Mages]. That only got four of her barriers. A pure defensive expert; the orb’s got good synergy. You know, I could adapt this tactic. Where are my notes?”
Montressa was lying face-flat on the hilltop. The bombardment spell from Liscor’s walls had knocked her flat, barriers or not. She looked up, nose bloody, and tried to get up. Drakes and Gnolls were advancing from Liscor, running across the uneven terrain. She pointed a staff at Grimalkin and Relc as they climbed.
“[Flame Veil]! Stay back! This isn’t right! I said, stay back! [Chain Lightning]!”
This time Grimalkin caught the spell as Relc raised his spear. The lightning struck both spear and the [Sinew Magus]’s arm; it flared, thundering, and both he and Relc stepped back. Unharmed. It was mostly from curiosity at this point; Montressa was swaying, but both Drakes eyed the orb floating around her staff.
“What the hell is that orb? Some kind of artifact?”
“She’s dual-casting from it. No—the spells are linked to the orb. All lightning-based. Some kind of artifact?”
Montressa swung her staff, aiming at both Drakes. Relc sighed.
“Seriously, drop it. Or I will break something. I’m almost as mad as Captain Z.”
“I’m a Wistram—”
Grimalkin’s eye twitched.
“Young woman. Say that one more time and I will hurt you.”
“Relc, Grimalkin! Watch your backs!”
The two Drakes turned. Relc and Grimalkin saw a shape appear in the door. Jelaqua roared, grabbing what remained of Ulinde’s corpse. She was still grappling with Ulinde, immobilizing her—part of her real body was seeped into the [Mage]’s wrecked corpse and it was twitching, signs of an internal battle. But that meant neither she nor the two immobilized Halfseekers or Numbtongue could stop—
“Nobody move!”
Isceil held a wand to Erin’s face. She was struggling, in the grip of Beza. The Minotaur looked unsteady, but she was holding Erin, ignoring the [Innkeeper] kicking at her and Isceil. The shout stopped the [Guards] rushing towards Montressa. Relc groaned and Grimalkin sighed.
“Should have broken the jaw.”
“Erin!”
“Stay back!”
Isceil’s eyes were wild as Relc began to storm up the hill. Grimalkin held up a claw, catching Relc.
“Relc, hold off the [Barrier Mage]. I’ll stop those two. Let the [Innkeeper] go, [Mages].”
He strode up the hill, ignoring Isceil’s shouts. The Drake’s wand emitted a jet of fire and Erin shouted. Grimalkin stopped. His voice was a roar, as loud as when Erin had first met him.
“I am Grimalkin of Pallass! You—Drake, and you, Minotaur. Let her go or you’ll find yourself on a watch list across all of Izril. And you, Minotauress! Where’s your honor?”
