6.58
Page 11
“Still delayed. Erin’s in the kitchen, still.”
“Maybe dinner’s later around here.”
“Or the inn isn’t all it’s cracked up to be. I knew she wasn’t as successful as everyone said. Not for a guest. Late curry—”
“You just ate two meal’s worth. Give Erin time. I bet she has to simmer the curry or something. Now, shush. This is amazing.”
Montressa shook her head. She stared back towards the stage. The Drake there was giving the performance of his life. He held a claw out, staring at a spectral illusion one of the [Mages] behind stage was conjuring. Montressa knew it was an illusion, but the performance still had her watching, spellbound.
“Is this a dagger I see before me, the handle towards my claw? Come, let me touch thee. I have thee not, yet I see thee still. Art thou an illusion of magic sensible to feeling as to sight? Or art thou but a dagger of the mind, a false creation proceeding from heat-oppressed brain? I see thee are not magic but for—”
“He’s quite good. This is a fascinating performance! As good as any [Bards] or [Performers] I’ve ever seen!”
The [Aegiscaster] whispered to Beza. The Minotauress nodded silently. Isceil had to grudgingly agree as Ulinde got up, sat down, and got up again.
“Drake’s as ugly as sin, though.”
“Really? I can’t tell.”
“Take it from me. No wonder he’s betraying his [King]; no one’s going to make him an [Heir].”
Isceil pointed at the Drake’s face and tail. Montressa and Beza couldn’t see it. The Minotauress eyed the Drake appreciatively.
“At least he looks the part. I mean, in body shape. That’s a proper [General]’s build.”
She nodded to his bulging forearms. The Drake was indeed built far better than any other [Actor] on stage. The Wistram [Mages] watched, spellbound, until a growl made Beza look around.
“Excuse me? Excuse me!”
She signaled to Drassi, who’d returned to the inn. The Drake jumped and then came over with a big smile.
“Y-yes? Can I help you?”
“We’re still waiting on the ‘ca-ree’. Is Miss Erin still working on it?”
“What? I’ll ask.”
The Drake blinked. She hurried into the kitchen.
“Curry. Sorry, it’s new and we’re making up a fresh batch. Extra spicy. It should be out in just a moment!”
“We can wait.”
Beza nodded at Isceil. He sighed, loudly, but then Erin poked her head out of the kitchen. She waved at the Wistram [Mages] and they waved back.
“It must be nearly ready. I bet it’ll be too spicy, Isceil.”
“Hah! I’ll eat the entire plate as she serves it, without a drink or anything else. How much?”
“Two small secrets?”
“Done.”
The [Mages] nodded at each other. Erin was talking to Drassi. She was glancing towards the magical door. The Gnoll, Ishkr, was standing by it waved at her and shook his head, holding up four of his paws. After a moment, Erin hurried into the kitchen. The Wistram Mages went back to watching…until they realized ten minutes had come and gone.
“Come on, what’s the hold up? Everyone else is eating.”
Isceil’s tail was lashing the ground. Montressa sighed.
“I think she messed it up.”
“You think? What’s so hard about it? I’m going to complain!”
“You idiot, Isceil! She’s our guest!”
“I’m still hungry!”
He snapped back. Montressa sighed.
“Maybe we should get Palt first. He’ll be mad we started without him and maybe the Watch Captain needs more soothing. How about this? Isceil, you get Palt. Beza, you and Ulinde say hi to the Halfseekers—”
“Oh, yesyesyes, thank you!”
Ulinde jumped up, quivering with nerves. Montressa nodded as she reached for her staff.
