6.58
Page 19
Jelaqua was ramming the younger Selphid’s head into a wall. Two blows and the skull caved in. But there was no brain. The broken face jerked backwards, trying to utter a spell around a shattered jaw. Jelaqua grabbed Ulinde by a leg and swung her into the wall.
Bones broke. The Selphid [Mage] made a sound like a bag of dirt hitting the ground. Again. And again—
A spear at Montressa’s chest. Relc cursed and backed up. Montressa uttered a spell and he cut it as the scythe swung at his chest.
“How many barriers do you have?”
“Stop! We are [Mages] from Wistram! We’re—”
Montressa looked around. Ulinde’s head was gone. She was lying on the ground. Her chest had been torn open and something orange was oozing into her. Another Selphid. Ulinde was screaming with her real body.
The [Aegiscaster] looked around. She saw Beza, struggling to sit up, throwing up. Isceil, bloody, down. And then Grimalkin. He stood up as Erin poured a healing potion on Numbtongue’s jaw.
“You. [Barrier Mage]. Drop the staff.”
Montressa looked around. Then she ran. Relc exclaimed as she fled out the doors. He looked at Erin.
“You alright?”
“Fine!”
The former [Sergeant] spotted her bloody mouth and his eyes narrowed. He nodded at the [Sinew Magus] as Grimalkin strode towards the door.
“Hey, Grimalkin.”
“Relc. What is this, a Wistram thief team? Did they try to steal the door?”
“Apparently they got the Horns. There’s blood. No sign of the Horns; Lyonette got me. She was trying to find Klb and more Gold-ranks, but they must’ve been away. I had a heck of a time not killing them. Watch the Human. She’s the best. Lightning spells from that orb-thing. The Drake was Oldblood with two breath attacks.”
Grimalkin nodded. The two walked outside. Montressa was fleeing down the hill. She’d gotten far, but she wasn’t fit. She was gasping as she tried to summit the second slope, running to Liscor.
“Hey! Stop or we’ll break your legs!”
Relc bellowed after Montressa. She whirled with a scream.
“Stay away!”
Magical arrows shot from her staff and lightning flashed at the inn. Relc spun his spear, but Grimalkin raised a claw, preempting Montressa’s spells.
“[Barrier of Wind].”
The lightning struck the barrier and it exploded. The [Sinew] Magus swatted away an arrow that was flying at his mouth; the rest he ignored. Relc punched one and growled.
“I really want to hit her.”
He leapt down the hill, rushing at Montressa. She went pale and planted her staff in the ground. This time the ruby gemstone flashed illuminating the dark landscape.
“[Five-Fold Arcane Barrier]. [Chain Lightning]!”
Relc’s eyes widened. He dodged, slicing, but this time he was too slow. The layered ward sprang around Montressa at the same time as the orb unleashed something like true lightning. It hit Relc—no, his spear had caught it—Grimalkin saw Relc blur backwards, and then leap backwards. Grimalkin surged down the hill and met him. Relc appeared, clutching at his arm. There was a crater marring his scales. He swore a blue streak.
“I got tagged. I hate Tier 4 spells! What the hell’s that?”
He pointed. Grimalkin eyed the magical wards surrounding Montressa. Grudgingly, Grimalkin uncrossed his arms.
“That’s a Tier 4 spell—layered. I could hit that pretty hard.”
“Stay back!”
Montressa screamed at the two Drakes, her face pale with exhaustion. She was fumbling for a mana potion and dropped it. Relc laughed, and then grimaced, clutching at a smoking black spot on one arm.
“Amateur! She didn’t even have that in her belt! Ow!”
“How’s your arm?”
Grimalkin looked at Relc. The [Guardsman] growled.
