6.59
Page 13
The voice came from behind Zevara. She turned. Jelaqua looked past her. Pisces had moved at last. He was still pale. But as he raised his head, Erin saw the same look in his eyes. Montressa moved back a step. Pisces stared past her. He was shaking as he pointed a finger at Isceil.
“I challenge you to a duel. Isceil, is it?”
The Drake blinked. Zevara spun.
“Pisces—”
She stopped as he looked up. The [Necromancer] stood alone in the Watch barracks. His team was with him, but the way Pisces held himself was aloof. His face was pale. He spoke through bloodless lips, addressing Zevara, the [Mages].
“I have been attacked. Kidnapped. In Liscor, unprovoked. False allegations have been laid against me. And those who committed the crimes walk free because Wistram Academy demands it be so. There is no justice in that. I demand satisfaction. A legal duel.”
Zevara hesitated and stepped back.
“False? We only told the world what you really are. And why should I accept a duel from a filthy [Necromancer]? You’re not worth scraping my boots on.”
Isceil sneered at Pisces, but his actions betrayed his words. He reached for the wand at his side. Palt glanced at Isceil. Montressa was hesitating, but Pisces looked right past her. And Pisces smiled with that terrible look in his eyes.
“A coward who bested you when I was fighting all of your pathetic team. Come, Drake. Let us have a proper duel. One to the death. Seen and witnessed by all present. Come, coward. Or is the ‘best duelist in all of Fissival’ too afraid to battle an exile?”
Isceil’s scales flushed. He drew his wand.
“You fleshbag bastard. I’ll—”
“Don’t!”
The word came from Ulinde. She—no, he grabbed Isceil’s arm. The older man wrestled with the Drake—his body was an incongruous sight among the younger [Mages].
“Let go of me! I’ll kill him! I’ll settle this now—”
Isceil fought her, cursing, but Montressa whirled as well.
“Don’t be an idiot, Isceil! He has that [Shatterbolt] ring and he’s too quick!”
“I’ll take off my magical items. Come and fight me, you coward. Or you, Minotaur. Or are you only able to do battle when you outnumber me five-to-one?”
Pisces’ voice was taunting. Beza stiffened and hesitated. Palt muttered something to her and her eyes flashed. She looked towards Zevara.
“Are duels legal in Liscor?”
“They’re old, but traditional. I’d allow it.”
Zevara was breathing hard. She looked at Pisces. He was coiled up. Erin saw another figure move.
“In that case, me too. A duel to the death. I challenge any one of you.”
Seborn stepped forwards. The Drowned Man looked ready to kill. Jelaqua and Moore stirred, but the half-Giant didn’t move as Jelaqua shook her head at him. They didn’t stop their friend.
Ironically, Seborn’s words made Isceil pause and Beza check herself. They stared at him, and then at Pisces. The Wistram [Mages] hesitated. Erin had to admit, they weren’t complete idiots. Just almost.
“I can take him—”
Isceil looked between Seborn and Pisces. Beza gritted her teeth. Montressa was whispering and Erin clearly heard one bit from Palt, who was doing the same.
“—Gold-rank [Rogue]. Risking your life on a duel—”
The [Mages] conferred, but Erin saw the answer before Isceil looked up. He tried to scoff as he turned away from Pisces.
“I don’t need to sully myself by dueling a worthless [Necromancer].”
“Nor do you deserve a fair duel. I refuse. I have no quarrel with you either, Drowned Man. Our skirmish was accidental.”
Beza addressed Seborn, her cheeks flushed. The [Rogue]’s eyes narrowed.
“Coward.”
