6.59
Page 5
“Then, Wistram can justify itself by claiming that Pisces is a criminal. A murderer, or at least, responsible for a number of crimes. Where they erred was in attacking Liscor’s citizens and going after the rest of his team. But again, they’re using Liscor’s laws against us. They did pay our fines. Instantly. That’s three thousand gold pieces.”
Elirr was sipping from a cup. He choked on his drink. Lism’s head snapped around.
“Say what? You fined them how much, Watch Captain?”
“Captain, misuse of magic and assault plus attack spells and assault on a team would still only be—”
Jeiss was counting up the fine in his own head. Zevara looked a bit embarrassed.
“I levied an appropriate fine for emotional distress and the use of Watch assets, like an attack spell from the walls. They…paid it. Instantly.”
“Three thousand gold pieces?”
“It’s nothing to them. They could have paid ten times that and never blinked.”
Alonna muttered. Krshia saw Lism’s eyes focus.
“Well, in that case—”
He paused and gritted his teeth.
“—Do we have a choice here, Watch Captain Zevara?”
“No sir. I’m simply reporting my actions to the Council.”
Zevara gave Lism an unhappy look. Krshia broke in, looking around.
“Watch Captain Zevara levied a heavy fine, Councilmembers. Wistram paid it without blinking, yes? And all this pressure—does it not bother all of us that they are so willing to manipulate the law for their ends?”
“But what do we do? If there was even a hint they’d refuse to maintain the spells on our walls—damn. Damn, damn, damn—”
Lism began shredding the parchment in front of him. Raekea growled nervously.
“So what is to be done? If this team is free, will they not continue attacking this team?”
“Not in my city. They’ll be under watch, I promise you that, Councilmembers. But I can’t extend my jurisdiction outside of Liscor. Also, none of these adventurers are Liscor’s citizens. And two—at least one of them have committed crimes in other cities, albeit Human ones.”
Watch Captain Zevara looked around. Jeiss looked sick.
“So we get to watch them strut around, Captain Zevara?”
“I don’t like it either, Jeiss. But it seems like that’s what we’re being told.”
Lism’s eyes flashed. He looked around at the Council. Krshia, Elirr, Raekea, Alonna, Jeiss, Olesm, all met his eyes. Zevara was staring down at the floor. Lism’s tail lashed—and then grew still.
“Okay. We let the Wistram [Mages] do what they want. If they keep to our laws, we’ll let this team, the Horns of Hammerad, deal with this mess themselves. We don’t interfere. And maybe we hope that crazy Human makes their heads explode. But Liscor will take Wistram’s money and tuck our tails.”
Everyone stared at him. Krshia opened her mouth and Lism glared at her.
“We’ve been got, Silverfang. I know when to walk away. This is like a Level 50 [Merchant] holding us over a barrel with a bunch of [Thugs] at his back. You want to try another deal?”
She closed her mouth and shook her head after a moment.
“No. No, I agree with that.”
“Good.”
Lism looked around steadily. He raised a claw.
“In that case, I motion to allow Watch Captain Zevara to go back and make whatever preparations she needs. By all means, impress upon Wistram’s team the severity of the laws, Watch Captain. And put them under watch.”
Zevara nodded. She blinked at Lism, and then saluted.
“Councilmembers, thank you for your time.”
Olesm held open the door as she strode out, back towards the Watch House. He stared at Lism. Everyone did. The Drake [Shopkeeper] was too calm. Lism nodded as he carefully arranged the bits of parchment. Then he looked up.
