6.59
Page 12
His calm tone silenced Ceria for a moment. Then she rounded on Montressa.
“That’s your excuse? Because you’re too afraid of Cognita to overturn the exile?”
“We’re not afraid of—”
Beza began to retort, but Zevara bellowed.
“Enough!”
The Watch Captain was louder than all the [Mages]. They looked at her. Ceria and Montressa were panting. Zevara shook her head as Beilmark, standing beside her, took her paws off her ears with a sigh. Zevara glared around at both Ceria and the Wistram [Mages].
“Clearly, you all have your own history. I’m not being paid to listen to it. Understand this.  Whatever your…issues, you will obey Liscor’s laws. You two can argue for all I care—when it’s not night and in public! But you’ll do no more or I’ll feed you to Rock Crabs. Got it?”
Both Ceria and Montressa looked at Zevara. Ceria hesitated, but then jerked her head away. Montressa nodded. Her eyes darted at Pisces. He was still looking at the ground. Yvlon and Ksmvr, who’d been silent, looked up. Yvlon reached for her sword hilt.
“So we have to take that? They attacked us, Watch Captain Zevara. What did we do?”
Zevara glanced at Yvlon.
“By right, Miss Byres, you’re entitled to part of the fine. It will go to you, and to Mister…to Ksmvr. As well as Miss Selys. But I cannot allow you to seek vengeance.”
Ksmvr tilted his head.
“So, Wistram is able to pay to subvert the law? This is an intriguing piece of information. I did not know Drake cities had such a loophole in their legal system.”
“We don’t—”
One of the [Guards] began, outraged, as Zevara’s face flushed. Klbkch held up a hand.
“Ksmvr. Silence.”
The Antinium quivered and Yvlon gave Klbkch a dark look. Zevara shot Klbkch a mixed glance and turned.
“I have been ordered to drop the Wistram case. I will enforce the law as I see fit, which does not allow for bloody feuds! Miss Selys, your part of the fine—”
“I don’t want it. And I don’t want them in Liscor.”
Selys pointed a trembling claw at the Wistram team. A few of them had the grace to look ashamed. Too few by half. One of them was Palt, ironically. Erin narrowed her eyes as Zevara…fidgeted. She looked like she hated everything about her life right now.
“Unfortunately, Miss Selys, I must give them a second chance. Which means Lady du Valeross and her companions are allowed to reside in Liscor. However, if they cast another illicit spell or threaten one of Liscor’s citizens, they will be instantly expelled from Liscor. I’m sorry. That’s all I can do.”
“I get it.”
Selys looked at Zevara with disgust and turned away. She looked at Pisces and then around. She met Erin’s eyes.
“I—I need to go. I can’t stay here. They’re disgusting. I have to go. I have to—”
She was out the door, stumbling. Zevara glanced around.
“You two. Escort Miss Shivertail wherever she needs to go.”
Two [Guards] left. Zevara looked around.
“If that’s all—”
“Just like that? What about our teams? What about Erin’s inn?”
Jelaqua broke into the conversation, furious. She was wearing a Drake body rather than her Raskghar one, but a big one. Zevara turned to face her.
“A portion of the bounty—”
“You can’t just pay this away! Those little punks attacked my team! They’re not walking off when I’m through with them!”
“You will contain yourself, Miss Ivirith. No one is above the law—”
“Except for Wistram, apparently! This isn’t right! I want—”
“I challenge you to a duel.”
