6.59
Page 4
“First of all, we’re Liscor’s guild, but we’re affiliated with Wistram. Every Mage’s Guild is; we can organize ourselves as we want from city to city, but to get information, news, to coordinate a lot of what we do, we have to all go through a central authority. Every Guild does or we’re stuck talking to each other like a long string of…of…”
She clicked her claws, trying to find the words. Elirr raised a paw.
“Gnoll howls?”
Alonna paused.
“I was going to say, a string of beads. Or maybe a cobweb? We need a central guild to coordinate [Message] spells and so forth, is my point. And that’s Wistram. I’m not from Wistram, but my Guild does have to distribute information from the academy. Including this.”
Alonna tapped the bounty sheet. Krshia growled under her breath.
“But this is pure vengeance! And it is a bounty after the fact, yes? Necrophilia? Is this true?”
“Bounties generally have to be verified before they’re put up.”
Jeiss muttered uneasily. Olesm cleared his throat.
“Yes. However, Councilmember Jeiss, the group that usually does the verification is…”
“Wistram.”
Lism finished the sentence flatly. He was catching on. The Council looked at each other. After a moment, Elirr growled.
“This is disgusting, no? I do not know this Pisces’ past, but he fought with Ceria Springwalker against the Raskghar. And against Skinner and the moths!”
“Their team was responsible for the dungeon—”
“That wasn’t their fault! Don’t you dare, Lism.”
To Olesm’s surprise, it wasn’t Krshia who interrupted, but Alonna. She glared at Lism and he subsided. He looked at Zevara.
“This is intimidation, Watch Captain. Intimidation, bypassing Liscor’s laws—and I’ll give you besmirching this Pisces’ name. Even if it’s with the truth. This is unacceptable. Why are we allowing it?”
He looked from Alonna to Zevara. The [Mage] shook her head, looking frustrated.
“Aside from the fact that they have High Command’s earholes, Lism? Let me put it to you this way. I could refuse to distribute the bounty, just like Watch Captain Zevara could refuse to release the Wistram [Mages]. And if we do, one of the things Wistram can do is direct other Mage’s Guilds to ignore Liscor’s guild.”
A pause. Raekea blinked.
“By ignore…”
“I mean, we can’t communicate with a Mage’s Guild anywhere else. Or our [Messages] get shoved to the bottom of the piles, delivered last.”
“They can’t do that! Can they?”
“Let’s just say that there are nations in which the Mage’s Guild works well and places where they don’t. Wistram’s autonomous, but they have their demands.”
Everyone digested this. Lism’s tail was smacking his chair legs. He stood up, glaring around the conference room.
“First Tiqr, now this. Does anyone else feel like Wistram’s got too much influence? I never thought of it before, but—”
He slapped the table, glaring.
“This is exactly what I’m talking about when I talk about non-Liscorian interference! Liscor has to bow to these jumped-up [Mages]? After they assaulted one of our citizens in our city and started a fight in city limits?”
“Generally, Wistram’s been seen as a positive force worldwide, Uncle. Stabilizing. And just.”
Olesm murmured. Lism gave him an incredulous look. Olesm shrugged.
“I’m not trying to defend them. But I’d like to point out that aside from the threat—which wasn’t communicated to you directly, was it, Watch Captain Zevara?”
“No. High Command didn’t mince words, however.”
Zevara folded her arms. Olesm nodded.
