6.59
Page 22
“Can’t we pay it off? Not that I want to give those damn [Mages] anything. But at least it would solve the issue.”
“No good. Not with Wistram. You can pay off some bounties. Baleros lets you cancel a bounty with coin, and Drake cities let you clear fines, but Wistram won’t accept our gold. Damn them.”
Ceria shook her head. She looked at Pisces again.
“I understand these allegations are false. Are they not, Comrade Pisces? In this case, this is slander unbecoming of the academy.”
Ksmvr waved the parchment at Pisces. The [Necromancer] looked up. Ceria spoke for him.
“It’s false! Mostly, Ksmvr. But Wistram can say whatever they want. Damn, damn—they forced Liscor to let them go!”
“Are you surprised? The Academy does what it wants, Springwalker. This is—typical of them.”
Pisces’ voice grated. He jerked his hand; the parchment dropped to the table. His team stared at him, concerned. Yvlon looked at Pisces.
“Pisces, it’s completely wrong. Anyone who knows you—”
“And what of the countless thousands who don’t? My name is sullied forever. As Wistram pleases! I should have expected this. It matters not. I—I care not for the opinion of the uneducated masses.”
Pisces jerked his chair back. Yvlon reached for his arm.
“We’ll do something about this.”
“What, pray?”
He snapped at her. Yvlon hesitated.
“We’ll do something. Look, Ksmvr, throw away the posters. We’re all exhausted. Pisces, you’re pale as a sheet. You’re still not recovered. The [Healer] told you to rest.”
“She told us all to rest. You especially, Yvlon.”
The armored woman froze. Ceria looked at her. In the anger of meeting Montressa, she’d all but forgotten. Now, she looked at Yvlon’s arms. At the metal gauntlets covering…
“Yvlon. Take your armor off.”
The [Wounded Warrior] hesitated. She looked at Ceria and glanced at Pisces.
“We don’t need to do this now, Ceria. Pisces is—”
“Yvlon. That’s an order.”
The woman paused. Then she looked back at Ceria and slowly undid the gauntlets on one arm. Ksmvr helped her take off her vambrace, the rest of the metal.
A…smell filled the nearby air. It was mostly medicinal. A thick poultice. But behind that—Ceria stared. She’d seen it before when the [Healer] set Yvlon’s dislocated arm. But now?
Bone stared up at Ceria. Bone anchored into flesh. What flesh there was left. Yvlon’s arm was—Ceria remembered what it had been.
Torn, destroyed in parts by the metal that had melded with her bones. But it had still looked like an arm. Now, bone had been grafted onto the weak arm. Flesh was torn, infected, oozing pus around parts of the place where metal had rubbed against skin. Ceria smelled it, gagged—
Yvlon put the gauntlets back over her skin. She mumbled, avoiding Ceria’s stare. Even Pisces looked shocked by the sight.
“It’s fine. It’s just infected. The [Healer] says the poultice is working and I can use a healing potion once it clears. It’s—”
“What the fuck is that, Yvlon?”
Ceria hit the table as she rose. The half-Elf stared at her friend. Yvlon went still as the entire inn looked at Ceria. She glanced around and everyone pretended to look elsewhere. Ceria lowered herself, shaking.
“You didn’t tell me! Your arm is a mess! I’ve seen better—it doesn’t look like an arm! And that bone! What the hell is—”
She looked at Pisces. He didn’t respond. Yvlon shook her head.
“It’s—to support my bones. Remember how they kept on breaking? Well, this makes it so I can swing a sword. It helps, Ceria Even the [Healer] agreed.”
“When she stopped shouting, yes.”
Both Ceria and Yvlon looked at Ksmvr. Ceria opened her mouth.
“You—you asked Pisces to do that?”
