6.59
Page 30
They were also very secretive, made up almost entirely of the illusion school of magic. It gave their [Mages]…peculiarities, especially in how they interacted. For instance, Palt didn’t even know half of the names of the master [Illusionists] in his faction. You just referred to them by nicknames, or classes, like his own master, Master [Phantasmal Trickster]. Palt didn’t even know the gender of his master, if they even had one. They liked to change their illusion and theirs was so complete Palt still couldn’t see through them.
It was hard being in the Ullsinoi faction—everyone was full of tricks, some of them really stupid, like the name of their faction. You couldn’t even get in if you didn’t figure out the idiotic joke within the first ten minutes of hearing the name. Frankly, that was probably a good bar to set anyways. But they had real interests, ones Palt agreed with. And now he’d have to carry them out. Somehow.
The Centaur gritted his teeth, chewing the cigar. He’d have to help repair the mess Montressa had made. She was obsessed with Pisces. Small wonder for what he’d done, but still. This was a disaster. Now they had the Watch on their tails, the [Innkeeper] they were supposed to make a priority hated their guts and they’d caused trouble for Wistram. What was he supposed to do? Maybe—
The Centaur was so preoccupied he didn’t see the shape making a beeline towards him. He only saw the figure too late and stopped before he ran her over.
“Pardon m—”
He looked down and saw Erin Solstice. She stared up at him. The Centaur dropped his cigar and reared.
“Gyaaah! Don’t hurt me!”
He turned to run. Erin grabbed Palt’s tail as he tried to cast [Invisibility]. He nearly kicked her!
“Hold on, hold on! I’m not gonna stab you!”
“That’s a specific threat! Let go of my tail!”
Palt whirled. Erin let go and he trotted backwards. His watchers had stopped, warily. Palt eyed Erin. He knew what she’d done! She’d stabbed Beza and nearly killed Isceil with a pot of sauce! He backed up, but she followed.
“We’re allowed to be in Liscor! If you attack me—”
“Oh, be shush, you. I’m not gonna hurt you. But if you cast a spell on me, I’ll stab you.”
Erin put a hand on the knife at her belt. Palt raised his hands instantly.
“No magic! I’ve done nothing! I wasn’t even part of the group that attacked your friend! My name’s Palt! I’m sorry for everything! I’m just here to help find you lot.”
He winced. Damn! Gnolls! He cast a [Hush] spell around him and Erin. She stared up at him.
“Yeah. I heard. But you cast a spell on Selys.”
“I—look, Montressa’s my leader. I have to obey her. I know it was bad. But [Mind Blank] doesn’t harm her.”
“Pisces is her friend. She watched you beat him up.”
“I didn’t do a thing.”
“Except cast the spell.”
He looked at her and trotted back a few steps.
“Please don’t stab me. I’ll apologize to her. Really.”
“You’d better. Her grandmother was a Gold-rank adventurer. She’ll kill you.”
Palt paled. Old people with high levels were the worst.
“I’ll do that. Miss Erin, is it? I’m very sorry. On behalf of Wistram, I apologize. My team is filled with idiots. But that Pisces fellow is wanted by Wistram. I was there when the undead came and slaughtered a bunch of [Mages].”
“Yeah. I heard about that. But he was let go. They had a trial. So why’s Wistram after him? Is it just Montressa?”
