6.59
Page 6
“Well, onto new business. We can put the gold to good use. The Bloodfields project is underway, and I understand the Adventurer’s Guild is already preparing for renovations. I do hope Miss Selys will be well after her incident. And that her grandmother doesn’t try to kill the Wistram team. That would be a crime. Perhaps we should send someone to inform her tactfully of what’s happened?”
“Dead gods, that’s a good point. She’ll murder them. We should stop that.”
Jeiss looked wistful. Lism nodded impatiently.
“But that would be a crime, Jeiss. How shall we do it?”
Krshia was studying Lism. She smiled.
“Send…yes, send our [Negotiator]. Teliv.”
Olesm winced. He felt bad for his friend. Elirr thoughtfully stroked his chin.
“With wine. Or something stronger, yes? Wistram’s fine can pay for that. And give her a cat. She cannot run with a cat. Or dogs. She likes dogs more. Teliv, he can stop at my shop for a puppy or a few for the telling. I have a litter.”
He glanced around at everyone’s expression.
“What? She does.”
Lism nodded. He looked at Olesm, still cool as a [Cryomancer].
“See to it, nephew? Now, onto new business. I motion to send a [Message]—damn. No. Send a City Runner—no, send Hawk to Fissival. With a direct message for the Draconae Scholarium.”
The Councilmembers glanced at him. Olesm looked up as he jotted down notes. Raekea frowned.
“What for?”
Lism’s eyes glinted.
“To ask about having their college replace Wistram’s services, of course. And while we’re at it, Alonna, can we send a covert [Message]—damn, or do we have to use City Runners for all this? Can we ask about if anyone else has had issues with Wistram? I’d put forwards a motion to cosign Watch Captain Zevara’s complaint and make it public. Send it around. In fact, is any other nation or city having our issues? We should open a discussion.”
 
—-
 
Zevara left the politics of the Council behind. She stalked through the streets of Liscor, furious. So angry she couldn’t bear it. But she moved quickly, to give vent to her emotions, but also because she knew Wistram’s team would be in the same building as Erin Solstice and the team they’d tried to kidnap.
In retrospect, that had been a stupid decision, but Zevara needed to explain herself. And she felt as embarrassed, as wrong as she ever had been. But that was politics. It overruled what was right and decent. It wasn’t something Zevara thought should be part of the Watch. So she strode back to the Watch barracks.
As it happened, Wistram’s team had already been released from jail. And Erin Solstice, her friends, and the Horns of Hammerad had likewise been summoned. Someone was already screaming as Zevara pushed into the Watch barracks.
It wasn’t Erin or the Horns. They were being kept in Zevara’s office. The Wistram team was on the ground floor. And it was Selys Shivertail who’d found them.
“You filthy eggsucking Creler sacks! You monstrous, disgusting—let go of me! I’ll kill them!”
The Drake was fighting the Gnoll [Guardsman] holding her. Montressa, Palt, Isceil, Ulinde, and Beza were all watching the Drake warily as she fought to swing at them. Selys was shouting, her voice raw, furious. But she was crying too. Zevara stopped for a moment.
“How dare you. How dare—why are they free? I want them executed! I want them tossed in the cells! You—”
She went for something at her side. An expensive bag of holding. Zevara saw Selys draw something out.
“Wand!”
