6.59
Page 14
Beza’s head jerked and Isceil flushed. But they turned away. Pisces stared at their backs. He was shaking. Yvlon tried to put a hand on his shoulder, but he knocked her arm away. Ksmvr looked at Ceria. She was silent. No one had seen Pisces this furious. His voice was low, piercing.
“I’ve known Lizardpeople with more courage. No wonder Fissival let you leave. And no wonder the House of Minos let such a coward flee their isles!”
Relc whistled. Some of the [Guards] murmured. The Minotaur and Drake whirled as they walked towards the door. They went for Pisces.
“No! I said stop!”
Montressa held up a hand and a barrier shimmered forth, blocking Beza’s charge. She and Isceil hit the barrier that appeared in the air. Not a [Force Wall], all shimmering air, but something amethyst, but thinner. Erin stared at it. It was strong, though; Beza slammed a fist, creating ripples and shouted.
“Let me take him, Montressa!”
“Don’t let him provoke you! Walk away, Beza! That is an order!”
From the side, Relc was nudging Klbkch. The Antinium calmly nodded as he stomped on Relc’s foot.
“Stop poking me, Relc. I see. Ah, ward spells. Your difficulty in apprehending them makes sense.”
“Right? Could you take her out, Klb? I’m definitely going for her first next time.”
The Senior Guardsman shrugged.
“Perhaps. I have some experience in the matter. Tactically….”
Their conversation went unheard amidst the shouting from the [Mages]. Montressa pushed Beza back, and Ulinde had Isceil’s arms as Palt blocked the others. Pisces was watching them. Montressa shoved at Beza and the Minotauress grudgingly stepped back. At last she looked up and met Pisces’ eyes.
She stopped. Her face paled. If she had blazed at Ceria, suddenly she was cold. She stared at Pisces and stepped through her own barrier. He looked at her. There was no nostalgia there. Just hate. And Erin saw that flicker of fear on Montressa’s face again before she pushed it down.
“Montressa du Valeross. It has been a long time.”
Pisces’ voice still quivered. Montressa looked at him.
“You monster. I can’t believe you have the nerve to walk around after what you did. Let alone call yourself an adventurer.”
“Me? As opposed to Wistram, high and mighty and beyond contempt? There is more blood on the Academy’s hands than I could ever spill.”
Pisces’ eyes narrowed. Montressa hesitated. He was better than Ceria.
“Wistram never murdered my friends. You killed Calvaron. With your petty jealousy. By defiling the bodies of the others! You—you disgusting worm. Wistram never should have taken you in. We should have never believed your lies. But that’s what you and all your kind are. Monsters. If you had any decency, you’d surrender rather than drag everyone down with you. But that’s what you always do, isn’t it?”
The young man’s face went pale. Montressa was good at using words like weapons too. He stared at her. And Erin saw him snap.
“Calvaron? That pathetic fool? I barely noticed when he died. And if he perished, it only proves what a worthless mage he was!”
“Pisces!”
Ceria shouted. Montressa stumbled back. She’d gone dead white. Erin had thought she couldn’t hate Pisces any more. But he wasn’t done.
“You call me a monster. You want to see a monster? I will show you one.”
He advanced. And his voice was growing deeper. He was growing taller. His features were distorting, his face rotting. Erin saw the [Guards] react, raising their weapons, but Palt held up a hand.
“Illusion spell!”
“Stop that! That’s illegal under Liscor’s laws! Isn’t it?”
