6.59
Page 38
The Horns turned back to each other for a moment as Ishkr grabbed a mop and Erin hurried across the floor with it, shouting. It was a familiar scene. But this time Pisces knew it was engineered. That didn’t change what it meant.
“I’m sorry for what I said.”
“I’m sorry for doubting you. I know you’ve changed. And I…should have been a better friend in Wistram. Have I ever said that to you?”
Ceria looked at Pisces. He exhaled. Yvlon looked between them.
“Well, I’m sorry I didn’t talk about my arms. But this team means everything to me. I can’t give it up. I can’t quit.”
She reached out. Ceria put her hand on top of Yvlon’s gauntlet. Pisces reached out and placed it on top of hers. Ksmvr looked around.
“I am sorry I have no significant secrets I have withheld from you all. I am sorry for being substandard.”
“Ksmvr! You’re the best of us.”
The Antinium put two hands on the pile. The Horns looked at each other. Pisces tried to pretend his eyes were only itchy.
“You realize Wistram will keep hunting me. Montressa and her team will not let this rest. I could go.”
All four hands tightened on his. His team looked at him and Yvlon shook her head.
“The Horns of Hammerad don’t abandon their own so easily.”
“You’re not getting away that easily.”
“This is the only place where I belong. Where would I be if you left, Comrade Pisces?”
The [Necromancer] stared around. He bowed slightly.
“It’s an honor.”
They smiled and his heart leapt. And then—here it came. Pisces heard a shout. A strum of music from a guitar. He looked up and saw Erin. She was running down the center of her long common room. Then she leapt, flailing her arms. The momentum carried her forwards, across the slick, soaped floor.
She slid past them on her socks. The Horns stared at Erin.
“Wheeee—ohgodIcan’tstop!”
Laughing, Erin slid past them. Pisces inhaled, recalling. Ceria started laughing. The inn’s patrons stared. Then they saw a Gnoll cub sliding forwards on her belly, like a penguin. An Ashfire Bee clung to her head, fanning her wings for speed desperately.
“It’s like an ice rink! Or something! Watch out, Mrsha! Don’t smack your head!”
Erin laughed as she spun backwards. She tried to spin on one foot like a ballerina, but wiped out. The guests of her inn looked at each other. One of the Drakes nudged his companion.
“What you do you think? I think four out of ten. I expected food.”
“I’m not sliding. I could break a hip!”
The older Gnoll protested. But some of the guests were getting up. Relc was already on his feet.
“Alright! Let me try! Here I go!”
He flung himself across the floor, so fast that he was a blur as he shot past the Horns. He crashed into a wall, but rolled over, laughing. More people were getting on their feet and Erin began warning them not to copy Relc. Mrsha went spinning around on her rear, giggling silently.
Pisces chanced a glance towards the magic door. The Wistram team was still standing there. Staring. He sat back, but then saw someone rising out of the corner of his eye.
“Well, it was fun one time.”
Yvlon rose to her feet. Pisces stared at her. So did Ceria.
“Wait. Here? In front of—whoa! Tree rot!”
Yvlon spun Ceria’s chair out. The floor was so slick that the chair’s legs slid across the smooth floor. Ceria went screaming across the floor, clutching to the chair as people leapt aside. Yvlon looked at Pisces. He stared at her.
“Well? Are you with your team, Pisces?”
He looked at her. Serious Yvlon. Then Pisces shook his head and abandoned what he used to think of as his dignity. He stood up.
“Observe. Ksmvr? A push.”
