6.60
Page 4
“She should! It’s our personal [Message] variant. She and I studied together! We were roommates! She’d tell me anything—but something has her silent. I asked about recent events in Wistram and she kept telling me to come back. Something’s happened in Wistram.”
“Does it involve my sister and her team?”
Ylawes was worried. Falene sighed, turning to him.
“I doubt it, Ylawes. But it frustrates me. Perhaps I should go back. Six years is a short time for so much to change in the academy, but…well, perhaps it would be a worthwhile trip. If you plan on going to Terandria, that is.”
“Aha! I knew you were listening in!”
Falene flicked her fingers and shot a bit of colored smoke into Dawil’s face. He swore and waved it away. Ylawes looked at his two friends.
“Maybe. But it’s my sister I’m worried about, Falene. Ceria contacted you.”
“Yes. By Mage’s Guild, so I cannot even send her a [Message] back directly. She really must learn that spell. But then, she is only a third-year student. Something else Wistram did not tell me the first time!”
Falene gritted her teeth. then she sighed again.
“I’m afraid I cannot help you, Ylawes. Or her. The faction backing Montressa du Valeross’ team is the Revivalists, and they’re at odds with my faction, the Centrists. I put in a few strongly-worded remarks, but I’m afraid that won’t change anything.”
She looked frustrated, and not even Dawil made a crack this time. Ylawes clenched his jaw, helpless. Falene paused. And a slight smile played over her lips. Dawil frowned.
“What?”
“If it’s any consolation, I might have been unable to help, but apparently there is someone in Wistram who took objection to the treatment of Ceria and Pisces. Amusingly—it had little to do with them being hunted and all with the terminology of the bounty on Pisces.”
“Really? Why?”
Ylawes tried to recall the bounty Yvlon had recited. It had certainly cast Pisces in a bad light, but he couldn’t think what had upset this [Mage] in Wistram. Falene tapped her lips, smiling.
“Have I ever mentioned the…keeper of Wistram? You know that we employ Golems for many menial tasks.”
“Sure. You kept mentioning how one of them would be better than me.”
Dawil grunted. Falene nodded.
“Well, the leader of these Golems is…sentient. And disturbing as she may be, she is invaluable to Wistram. A very troubling figure, but one even the Archmages must treat against. Her name is Cognita.”
“A Golem has a name? And it thinks?”
Ylawes had heard of that, vaguely. Falene nodded. She hesitated, and then smiled.
“The nuance is hard to grasp as I was not there for the incident, but I gather that while Pisces Jealnet and Ceria Springwalker were exiled, Cognita granted them the authority to call themselves graduates. However, the bounty on the two claims both are not, as did Wistram’s team.”
Dawil and Ylawes looked blankly at Falene. Neither one understood the half-Elf’s amusement.
“So?”
The half-Elf looked from face to face and sighed at her companions.
“So. She apparently objected to the inaccuracy.”
“So? Aren’t the Revivalists led by an Archmage? One of the lizards, right?”
“Archmage Nailihuaile. Yes. And I understand Cognita objected to her. Personally.”
Ylawes began to catch onto Falene’s smile. He looked at the half-Elf.
“What, exactly, did this Golem—this Cognita’s objection entail?”
“Well—”
 
—-
 
Aaron Vanwell, known to some as Blackmage, guest of Wistram Academy—first guest that was, since other Earthers had been found and returned to the academy—was working on a new construction. A battery, fueled by both magic and the science of his world.
