6.60
Page 9
While running, Ryoka ate a bug. It had nothing to do with anything, except that she’d been asking the wind to blow in her face to cool her down and it had included a bug.
It was a bad bug, though. Ryoka knew the moment it hit her throat that it was alive, big, and wanted out. She paused, gagging, and felt it squirming, fluttering its wings as the moisture in her throat caught it. It scratched at her as she clawed at her mouth and then her waist for water.
By her side, Ryoka’s companion looked at her, worried as the City Runner danced about, half-screaming. The first mouthful of water nearly washed the bug further down Ryoka’s throat and only pissed it off. Ryoka spat, gagging. And swallowed it.
“Oh god.”
She clutched her stomach. But it was too late. The bug went down and it went down hard. Ryoka debated putting her finger down her throat and making it come back up, but she decided to drink the bug down.
It felt like it fought the entire way to her stomach. Ryoka gulped and gulped as her travel buddy watched her worriedly. At last, Ryoka exhaled, and spat so the awful taste came out of her mouth. It came out with a wing. Ryoka stared at it. Her friend licked her lips and opened her mouth.
“Don’t say a word.”
Ryoka glared at her companion. She got no response, which relieved her. She began running again. After a moment, her companion followed.
“Damn bugs.”
That was the most eventful thing that had happened today. Ryoka’s pace slowed as she reached a town, or maybe a city in the distance. She’d come far. And been running for days. She peered ahead and pointed to the gates.
“Looks like this might be a good place for the night. What do you think?”
Her running partner regarded the town. Ryoka waited for a response.
“Fine. I guess it’s good enough.”
She ran towards the gates. Silently, her companion followed. It was an amiable silence, though, and Ryoka had gotten used to it.
It had been a week since Riverfarm. Since Belavierr. Since…everything. Ryoka Griffin still felt like she’d walked out of a fairytale. And why not?
A week ago, she’d met [Witches]. She’d seen a monster. Or perhaps the most Human woman she’d ever met. She’d seen tragedy, met an old friend. Outrun fire.
And made some friends. Given that she’d nearly died several times, been burned terribly, and also added to her list of regrets that would haunt her until her death, Ryoka considered it was a pretty fair trade.
Friends were nice. And perhaps one ran with her now. Ryoka wasn’t decided. It wasn’t that she was biased about other species, but…well…some people could be annoying.
The first inn Ryoka came to was called Salubrious Sleephome. Tickled by either the word or the terrible name, Ryoka went in. To her surprise, she found it was a nice inn, and the [Innkeeper] was on the floor with his staff, who actually had a decent crowd.
Travellers, mainly. The town she’d come to lay to the north of Invrisil and a bit west—it was a good trading route for some trips and so adventurers, [Traders], and so on were stopping here for the night. The [Innkeeper] was a tall man, who greeted the runner girl and her friend warily.
“Miss Runner! I’m delighted to have a City Runner as a guest. But your friend…”
“She’ll mind her manners. I can tie her up if you want.”
Ryoka kept a straight face as her companion expressed pure disdain for the idea. The [Innkeeper] hesitated.
“Well, I think it’ll be fine. If she behaves herself. You two want to eat together? And a room for the night, or are you still running?”
The young Asian woman grimaced.
