6.60
Page 2
“Nope. Redbloods. It’s because they’re made totally of non-noble applicants. In fact, that’s why they formed. A knighthood that provides arms and armor for their members and holds themselves to the highest standard of excellence. Lots of orders have perks. Ancient weapons, support in battle, even men-at-arms to fight with you. If you were one of the big orders like the Redbloods, you could sleep some places free, earn items from your order for completing grand deeds—”
“Except that I’m not in Terandria, I’m actually noble, and knighthood orders demand loyalty and don’t usually let their members roam around freely.”
Dawil paused.
“True. But some let their members go on crusades. I’m just asking! Ever fancy taking a bit of paint to that armor and joining the Rose Knights?”
Ylawes kept eating.
“No. What’s brought this on, Dawil?”
The Dwarf scratched his head. He’d taken his helmet off and his hair was still a bit damp from the sweat of combat.
“Nostalgia, I guess. It’s been a long time since I went home. I was wondering if you’d ever wanted to visit Terandria.”
The young man blinked, caught off-guard by the suggestion.
“Me?”
The Dwarf nodded complacently.
“Well, we’re a team, aren’t we? I can’t just run off for a few months and leave you with that half-wit. And Terandria’s safer, but there’s always work for Gold-rank teams. We could visit the mountains, maybe buy some new weapons, even visit said half-wit’s home while we’re at it…”
Ylawes winced and glanced ahead. After a moment he paused.
“I’d never thought of it. Certainly, it’s an option…”
“Think on it. I like Izril, but I want to be back on Terandria in the next, oh, five years.”
Ylawes smiled faintly.
“You have my word on that. But that’s still a roundabout way of asking me, with knighthood orders as the premise.”
The Dwarf shrugged.
“Oh, I just like talking about them. They’re like nose hairs, you know? Each one different and in a different place.”
“That’s disgusting!”
“Well, some are interesting! They all do different things and while some are for one kingdom, a lot are autonomous. [Knights], they have their own culture. They duel each other, get into fights—totally different from Izril! For you, it’s a class, but over there it’s culture.”
Ylawes finished his sandwich and looked at Dawil.
“Really? I’ve met other [Knights], including some of the Order of the Petal, but as you say, it’s just a class here. What happens in Terandria?”
“All kinds of things! Some knighthood orders start wars, or go on grand quests! Surely you’ve heard about the time the Order of the Thirsting Veil quested for thirty years to retrieve the Scepter of Krakens? Or—how about the Order of Seasons participating in Daquin’s game with the Titan of Baleros?”
“I heard about that last one. But as I say, you only hear some stories about other continents. What’s this about the—”
Ylawes and Dawil were chatting animatedly now, and as a consequence, riding a bit faster. Their horse and pony caught up to the rider ahead. She turned in the saddle and the third member of the Silver Swords, who had been listening to their chatter with half a pointed ear, turned her delicate features at last and glared.
“Would you two mind? I’m on a call right now!”
The two other Gold-rank adventurers slowed and gave Falene abashed looks. Well, Ylawes did. Dawil just rolled his eyes.
“You’ve been talking for the last half-hour, Falene Pointyears. Why can’t we talk?”
“Be silent I’m…no, Bashea, I do apologize. My teammates are speaking. Males. And adventurers. Quite ill-mannered. Do forgive me.”
