6.60
Page 12
The Centauress laughed. She trotted down the crossroads, pointing ahead and circling. She regarded Ryoka with a smile, cocksure and impetuous. Not arrogant so much.
“I’ve gotta go, Ryoka. My city misses me! Who’ll be the top runner without me? Besides, it was fun, but I need a break! You attract trouble. I’ll go do some regular deliveries and find you again in a bit. Or we’ll see each other on the road! Count on it, Pukey!”
“Sure, Dusty.”
The Centauress glared at Ryoka and flipped her off. The young woman waved a dismissive hand. Charlay trotted away. Then she galloped back and gave Ryoka a hug.
“I’ll see you soon. You were pretty brave.”
“You too. I’ll look for you in on the road.”
Despite herself, Ryoka felt her eyes sting. Which was silly. But Charlay was…it was so odd, but Ryoka remembered to hug back. The Centauress sniffed.
“You jerk! You have to cry too! It’s what friends do!”
Friends. The word made Ryoka smile. Strange, but true. She glanced up as the [Server] hurried out.
“I’ve got some meat scraps here. Mostly gristle, but we’ve a few bones. Chicken bones, mainly…”
“Raw? I can’t give her cooked bones. They’ll splinter.”
Ryoka had been told that, along with a lot of other information for the trip. The [Server] nodded.
“Sure. She’ll eat them.”
The [Server] nervously put the bowl on the table and Ryoka put it on the floor. Mousy stood up, practically drooling over the bowl, but she looked to Ryoka first. The young woman gave her a nod.
“Eat, Mousey. Kalde.”
The dog dug her face into the bowl and began devouring the food. Quin came out as the [Server] exclaimed.
“She’s so big. Where did you get her?”
“She’s from Radivaek kennels, isn’t she? There’s no finer place for dogs on the continent. But she’s a mighty specimen even so. Was that a special command you gave her?”
Quin gave Ryoka a knowing look. The City Runner nodded.
“Her name’s Mousey. That’s a signal that means she’s allowed to eat. She won’t eat without.”
Mousey perked up her eats and licked her chops as she stared up. She looked at Ryoka, Quin, and the entranced [Server] and went back down to her bowl. Her tail thumpthumpthumped the ground.
“Can I touch her?”
“Scratch her belly.”
Ryoka smiled as the [Server] bent. Quin made a sound—clearly thinking of hygiene or his customers—but the [Server] was already scratching and Mousey tried to roll over and eat at the same time. She panted, and Ryoka tried not to smile.
Ryoka didn’t like dogs. But she’d found a small place in her heart for her companion. Especially after she’d seen Lord Gralton and the Radivaek lands the Oldblood Drakes had attacked.
 
—-
 
Lord Gralton Radivaek had been called more beast than man. Wild, savage, a barbarian compared to many [Lords]. And that he was a [Dog Lord] only added to his image of some neanderthal of a man, rabid, unpredictable. That was what Ryoka had heard of him.
But it was unfair. Rumor had twisted fact and exaggerated truth. For when Ryoka Griffin visited Gralton’s lands after three days of travelling north from Riverfarm with Charlay, she found him in his kennels.
He was kneeling, his head bowed, as he tended to his dogs. She saw his bare shoulders, the rougher, stained clothing. She could smell him as she paused in the kennels and the [Servants] announced her. Charlay was staying away; she’d borne Eloise here when the [Witches] had flown to Gralton’s aide. She didn’t want to return.
She said it was too sad.
