6.60
Page 7
Cognita’s voice was ominous. Naili looked up at her and bared her teeth.
“No. But Pisces Jealnet committed more crimes since leaving Wistram. Which gives us every right to apprehend him.”
The Truestone Golem looked down at Naili and Aaron swore he saw her raise an eyebrow a fraction. She did not look pleased, but her tone was neutral again.
“That is your reasoning. Which you are entitled too, Archmage. However, Mage Pisces and Mage Ceria are graduates of Wistram. So I have named them. I would request that detail be changed.”
“You want me to make a correction and send it to every Mage’s Guild in Izril? Over something so trivial?”
Cognita nodded once.
“Wistram’s Archmages are within their rights to act how they please in almost any situation. This is not one of them. I am a servant of the academy. And its keeper.”
Archmage Nailihuaile paused. She looked up at Cognita for a long moment. Aaron had seen Naili annoyed, laughing—petty and childish too. But in this moment, she reminded him of Feor, whose faction Aaron had managed to evade. Feor’s faction had custody of some of the Earthers. It wasn’t that Aaron couldn’t talk with them, but it was…complicated.
Naili’s voice grew softer. She looked up at Cognita and then slowly tightened her grip on her staff.
“Out of curiosity, what would happen if I refused to honor your request?”
Aaron saw her eyes narrow. The serpentine pupils contracted and Naili’s posture sunk, as if she was coiling up to strike. Not like a Drake with fury and rage from their distant ancestors. This was cold and calculating. Dangerous.
Cognita stared down at Naili. She did not react, but her tone grew a touch deeper.
“I would be forced to insist. If you wish to voice your objections, Archmage, please do so.”
For a second, the air in the room pressurized. Aaron, sensitive to magic, felt a wave coming off Naili that turned his knees to jelly. For a moment, the Archmage didn’t look playful at all, or afraid. She looked up at Cognita and the Truestone Golem stared back. Waiting.
And then—Naili threw up her arms, laughing.
“Kidding!”
The magical presence vanished. Aaron stared as she slithered past Cognita, sighing.
“So scary! Jeeze, if I have to do it, I have to do it. Alright, fine. Feor’s going to be so mad at me. Viltach too…but I guess we all know who’s really in charge of Wistram, huh?”
She glanced over her shoulder at Cognita. The Truestone Golem ignored the jibe. She walked after Aaron.
“The [Mages] of Wistram control the academy’s will, Archmage Nailihuaile. I am simply the academy’s protector and test. I object to one issue. The right of Wistram to imprison its own [Mages] is their prerogative. I only ask for consistency in Wistram’s rulings. And acknowledgement of truth.”
Aaron heard a light laugh from Naili as she waved her staff at his door. The wood flew back into place, resealing the door. She turned to Cognita with a big smile.
“You say that, Cognita, but sometimes I wonder if you don’t have those fingers on the scales. All our scales. Admit it, don’t you change what happens sometimes? Why are you working so hard for Pisces? Aren’t you a teensy bit biased?”
This time, Aaron saw Cognita react. The barb must have landed or something else displeased the Golem. Because Cognita’s marble eyes narrowed just a fraction.
“I would appreciate my neutrality remaining unquestioned, Archmage Nailihuaile. That the Golems of Wistram take no sides beyond the covenant we have been given by our creator is to all faction’s advantages. Insinuations to the contrary are troubling.”
“Oh yeah? But how could you prove that I’m wrong?”
