6.60
Page 3
The half-Elf [Battlemage] flicked her fingers at the [Axe Champion] and [Knight]. Ylawes sensed the silence engulf Falene and her horse. He looked at Dawil. The Dwarf cupped his hands to his mouth.
“If you could do that before, why didn’t you, half-Elf? I’ll tell you. It’s because you’re nosy!”
His shout startled several grouse nesting ahead of them. It was so loud in fact, that it must have been audible even through Falene’s weak silence spell. She turned and glared at him. Dawil settled back happily. Ylawes gave him a look.
“Do you have to bother Falene at every opportunity, Dawil?”
“Yes. Because she’ll keep her nose so high in the air she’ll end up smacking her head against her horse’s arse if I don’t.”
Ylawes had to snort and looked away quickly. Dawil nodded. But then Ylawes turned back.
“Still. She’s on an important call.”
Dawil looked at Ylawes sidelong. After a moment he reached out and patted Ylawes’ knee.
“There’s nothing my words can do to ruin whatever Falene’s asking about, lad.”
“Don’t call me lad. You’re thirty. By Dwarf standards, you’re younger than me.”
The Dwarf ignored that.
“The trouble’s dealt with. Miss Springwalker informed us after they got rid of those Wistram [Mages]. Plus, she’s not the one they’re after. Your sister, I mean. She’s fine.”
Ylawes clenched one fist.
“It seems like the Horns can’t catch a break. I understand going after Pisces for…his [Necromancy], but attacking an adventuring team in Liscor? That’s criminal! And my sister? If we weren’t so far away—”
“That’s Wistram for you. Don’t worry about it. Yvlon’s fine.”
“Her arms are still damaged. Ceria didn’t say anything about them.”
“They’re fine.”
Dawil was a good liar. Ylawes made his horse trot a bit faster, restless. The Dwarf opened his mouth, and then closed it.
For a while, the Silver Swords rode in silence. The Human and Dwarf watched Falene speaking in her bubble of silence until at last she finished. They knew she was done because she took a finger from her temple and straightened; beyond that, there was no flicker of visible magic. The sound of Falene’s mare walking abruptly returned to the world as the half-Elf released her spell.
Falene was scowling, a rare open expression of displeasure when she finished speaking with her contact in Wistram. She looked at her companions and shook her head.
“I’ve just completed my discussion with my fellow [Mages] in Wistram, Ylawes.”
“And? Can you reverse this bounty on Pisces? Or do something about this team stalking the Horns of Hammerad?”
The [Knight] leaned over his saddle. Falene just pursed her lips.
“No. And, apparently, my influence isn’t even enough to merit a conversation with someone higher-placed in the Revivalist faction, let alone an Archmage!”
Dawil and Ylawes exchanged a glance. The Revivalist name was foreign to them, but they did know the basics about Wistram.
“What’s the issue?”
“Aside from the fact that Wistram was very reticent to give me any details about Ceria and Pisces until now? Oh, simply a blanket ban on any information regarding this Wistram team! Bashea—my friend—assured me that they were acting in Wistram’s best interests, but she wouldn’t tell me why Wistram had sent five full [Mages] all the way to Liscor! In fact, she kept hinting that I should return to the academy to learn more!”
The half-Elf, always dignified, or at least, invested in keeping up that bit of half-Elven myth, flicked her hands angrily. If it was Ceria, she would have spat or cursed. Dawil raised his brows.
“This Bashea doesn’t trust your spell, Falene?”
