6.60
Page 17
A gust of fresh air hit the battlements of the wall and the [Guard] laughed. Ryoka waved as she ran into the city, bemused, but feeling—good. But that wasn’t the first time people called out to her. Let alone the last!
“Wind Runner! Wind Runner!”
Children who spotted Ryoka went shooting after her, begging for a breeze to go surfing down the streets. A few people Ryoka recognized waved at her and asked about the dog. Ryoka found herself slowing, explaining. So many people seemed to remember her. Mousey panted, letting people pat her or offer her treats.
It took a while for Ryoka to get to the Huntress’ Haven. When she did, she found Mad Madain sitting in his inn. It was empty, as usual. The man was removing meat from the bones of a deer he’d killed on a table. He looked up as Ryoka came in and blinked.
“Well, if it isn’t Miss Windy and—a dog?”
He stared at Mousey. The dog stared back and opened her mouth. Her eyes locked on Madain’s bones and the blood and meat. Ryoka blinked.
“Hi, Madain. I’m back. Don’t worry about the dog. She’s not staying long. Is Fierre here? Alber still around?”
“Yeah, they’re somewhere. What’s with the dog?”
“She’s a delivery.”
“Huh.”
Madain stared at Mousey. He looked at the dead deer.
“Is it hungry? Want a bone?”
Ryoka smiled as he picked up a large thighbone and tossed it at Mousey. It hit the floorboards and the dog stared at it, and then at Ryoka.
“Kalde, Mousey. Go on.”
The dog leapt on the bone. Madain blinked. He stared at Ryoka.
“I heard you went on a big delivery. Bunch of crap down south. You alive? Missing any more fingers?”
Good old Madain. Ryoka waggled her right hand at him and then lifted one of her remaining digits. The [Innkeeper]-adventurer stared at her and then laughed.
“Your room’s upstairs. Piss off!”
One of his good days, then. Ryoka nodded and headed upstairs. Mousey followed her with the bone. Ryoka shucked off some of her gear and stared about her room. It was untouched. Madain hadn’t even bothered to change her sheets. She sighed. But then she smiled.
“I’m back.”
Mousey wagged her tail for emphasis. Ryoka paused and looked at her. Then she smiled.
“Time to complete my delivery, huh, Mousey? Don’t worry, you’ll like them. Come on!”
 
—-
 
“Ryoka Griffin?”
Levil, Captain of the Pithfire Hounds and [Pyromancer], looked up and gasped when the door to the Adventurer’s Guild in Reizmelt swung open. A few other teams glanced up. They stared at Ryoka. And then at the dog. Then Lamont, their [Warrior], freshly healed, shot to his feet.
“Miss Griffin! Hey, the Wind Runner of Reizmelt’s back!”
The rest of Pithfire Hounds shot to their feet. They came over, Lamont first. The [Warrior] reached out and clasped Ryoka’s hand. She blinked at him.
“Lamont, right?”
“That’s right. I still haven’t thanked you for saving my life. Miss Griffin, I owe you everything.”
“You’re back on your feet? But your ribs—”
The last time she had seen him, Lamont’s ribcage had been smashed, courtesy of the Wailer Frogs. The [Warrior] thumped his chest.
“I’m freshly healed—my chest is good as new! If there’s anything I can do—”
He was shoved aside by another adventurer, Bram. The [Beast Tamer] was accompanied by the remaining dog of the Pithfire Hounds.
“Miss Griffin, it’s good to see you back! We’d thought you’d switched towns, you’ve been gone so long! We heard all about your run to Walta. And who is this gorgeous creature?”
He squatted down, looking at Mousey. She sniffed him, but warily. Ryoka bent down.
“Mousey, seddigore. Seddigore.”
