6.60
Page 19
“It’s a dangerous life, like being a hunting dog, Miss Ryoka, but not too much more dangerous. Few dogs are big enough to fight monsters directly, it’s true. And it’s dangerous for them, without armor and whatnot. I hear Carn Wolves can be trained, but those are wolves, with fur like steel. But dogs fight smart. They go for the flanks and they can even dodge spells. It’s not always…safe. But if they get hurt, it’s because we were all in danger of dying. I promise you.”
“I know. And I know she’ll love it.”
“You got Lord Gralton to give us a dog just like that? And you brought her all the way here?”
“It—yes?”
Ryoka blinked as Keima hugged her fiercely. Levil grabbed Ryoka around the shoulders. Embarrassed, the City Runner tried to flee.
“It was just—well, just something I thought I’d do—”
“We have to buy you a drink! And we’re in your favor again, Miss Wind Runner! Tell us where you’ve been? You can stop, can’t you? You haven’t been in Reizmelt for ages!”
“I’d love to. But I need to make one more stop. Tonight. Why don’t we all go to the Huntress’ Haven? I have to check in at the Runner’s Guild and let them know I’m back for emergency deliveries…”
Ryoka couldn’t handle all the genuine affection being thrown her way. She retreated towards the door. Levil’s team protested, but Levil held them back.
“Tonight, then!”
Ryoka nodded. She was about to leave when she noticed something. Mousey was trotting after her, head held high, looking expectant. Ryoka paused.
“Oh. Right. Mousey?”
She squatted down and looked at the dog. Mousey wagged her tail, ready for action. Ryoka hesitated. Gralton had shown her how to do this too.
“Mousey, seddigore. Krakka. Seddigore. Understand?”
She gestured and Levil came over. The adventurer knelt and Ryoka showed Mousey his fist. The dog sniffed it.
“Krakka. Seddigore.”
But Mousey kept staring at Ryoka. The City Runner hesitated. She looked at Levil.
“She’s yours. Keep her safe. She’s a really…good dog.”
The [Pyromancer] nodded. He watched as Ryoka got up and backed away towards the door. Mousey looked up.
She followed Ryoka. The City Runner froze. She pointed back at the Pithfire Hounds. They were all watching Ryoka, with mixed expressions. Ryoka bent down again and scratched under Mousey’s chin.
“No, Mousey. Sit. Turt. Turt. This is your team, now. Seddigore, see?”
She got up slowly. The dog whined. She followed Ryoka a half-step and then looked at the Pithfire hounds. Ryoka felt a pain in her chest. She turned her back.
“I have to go. They’ll take good care of you.”
She began to walk towards the door and heard a bark. Mousey was never supposed to bark; it was part of her training. She looked back and the dog stared at her. Ryoka pointed.
“Turt. Goodbye.”
She kept walking. Mousey stared at her back, and then up at Levil. The [Pyromancer] smiled and the dog stared at him, reassured. But then she stared at Ryoka.
“I have to go. I can’t keep a dog. I don’t even like them.”
The City Runner muttered, avoiding everyone’s gazes. She made her way towards the door. She’d never thought this would be the hard part. But Gralton had warned her not to get attached. And she wasn’t. Slowly, Ryoka walked out of the Adventurer’s Guild and leaned against the door.
“I hate dogs.”
 
—-
 
That night, Ryoka Griffin saw Mousey again. The dog looked up at her, and then came over to be petted. But there was separation, of sorts. The Pithfire Hounds were already familiar with her, and Makki and Mousey, the two dogs, were both roaming around the inn.
