6.60
Page 18
That meant ‘friend’. Ally. It was what Gralton had used to introduce Mousey to Ryoka.
The dog wagged her tail as the Pithfire Hounds approached, reassured by the word. Makki, the wolfhound belonging to the adventuring team, went still at the sight of the bigger dog. Levil whistled.
“Dead gods, but it’s good to see you, Ryoka! And that dog’s a beauty!”
“I’ll say. And a proper giant too! Makki’s small compared to her!”
Ulica, Keima, and Tally, the three other members of the group, all came over. Ryoka shook hands as the rest of the adventurers squatted down. They were all dog-people. Makki held back as Bram gently introduced the two. She sniffed Makki warily; the larger dog looked to Ryoka and got another seddigore before she sniffed back.
“What’s her breed, do you know? Oh, and where’ve you been, Ryoka?”
Levil couldn’t take his eyes off Mousey. Ryoka smiled.
“She’s an Aldasian-breed mixed with a Izrilian bulldog. Apparently.”
“Aldasians? Dead gods, those are Mothbear killers! Where’d you buy her, Ryoka? Is she your bodyguard on runs, now? Mind you, she’d be good at it. Mousey, you said her name was?”
Keima exclaimed. She was feeling heavy muscle under Mousey’s fur. The dog happily flopped over as the other adventurers gave her a good scratching. She still looked up, panting at Ryoka as the City Runner inhaled. She looked at Levil and his team.
“She’s from Lord Gralton Radivaek. His personal kennels. She’s not mine, actually. I’m just delivering her. Actually, Levil…everyone. She’s for you.”
The Pithfire Hounds froze. They stared up at Ryoka. Levil blinked.
“For us?”
Ryoka nodded. She looked from face to face, feeling a coil of anxiety in her stomach.
“I know your team was missing a dog after the frogs. And I thought…well, I mentioned it since I was running through Radivaek lands. And I was thinking—”
Too late, Ryoka realized that she hadn’t asked Levil and the others if they wanted another dog. She should have, but it had slipped her mind when Gralton made her the offer! She began to panic.
“Look, I knew that Dassa was really special to you. And I don’t want to replace her! I just wanted to—Lord Gralton heard about your team and—I’m sorry, I should have asked. It was—”
Levil smiled. He stood up and hugged Ryoka. She blinked and relaxed. The [Pyromancer] was beaming.
“Dead gods, Ryoka! Don’t apologize! It’s a wonderful gift. We’ll treasure her. From Lord Gralton’s own kennels? We talked about adding a hound to our team like that!”
His team was nodding. Tally looked stunned. The [Ranger] stared at Mousey.
“From Lord Gralton? But he trains the best dogs in the world! The continent, at least! Hey, everyone! Did you hear that?”
Some more adventurers were coming over. They exclaimed as they heard from Tally about Mousey. Ryoka was blushing, but relieved. Bram was beaming.
“An Aldasian warhound? She’s worth a fortune! And she’s smart! Lord Gralton sent her to us?”
Everyone looked at Ryoka. She flushed.
“He’s a big dog lover. Keep her safe, alright?”
Levil nodded solemnly with the rest of his team.
“We’ll do that. Don’t worry, Ryoka. Dassa was the only dog we ever lost. And it was only because we were on the verge of getting wiped that she was in a position like that.”
Bram nodded as well.
