6.60
Page 6
Aaron stared at the bed. There was silence from outside. And then Cognita punched a hole through the door.
It wasn’t like a movie, where the door exploded outwards. Cognita hit the door so fast and hard her fist went through the wood, sending only a small pocket of wood flying across the room. Aaron jumped—and Cognita’s arm twisted. It gently unlocked the door and pulled it open.
“I didn’t even lock the door!”
Aaron protested. Cognita slowly moved the door open.
“It was enchanted to stay closed unless the lock was turned, Aaron Vanwell. It will be replaced. Please step aside.”
She walked into the room. Aaron did exactly what Cognita said; she had a way with words. Or perhaps it was simply her presence.
To behold Cognita was to see art come to life. Eight feet tall, carved of pure white stone, finer than even marble, Cognita looked like the height of perfection, a statue of a woman made beautiful beyond belief. And yet, she had a quality that went beyond even statues, for she was alive. The folds of her dress, sculpted of stone, moved as she walked, and the stone of her body moved like flesh and cloth.
She was perfection, made by an [Archmage] thought dead to the world. Archmage Zelkyr, who had ordered her to protect Wistram and test every [Mage] who might ascend to the higher floors where he had once gone and never come back from. Cognita had held Wistram thusly for over a century. She was beautiful.
And terrifying. Especially to the [Mages] who knew her test that no one had ever undertaken and lived. She walked towards Aaron’s bed without hesitation.
“Archmage Nailihuaile. We must speak. Now.”
Reluctantly, a scaled hand poked out of the bed. Aaron saw Naili drag herself out, grumbling. She slithered upright, staff in hand and looked at Cognita warily.
“I was busy.”
“This will not wait. As I stated when you fled—”
“I had to go to the bathroom?”
“—when you fled, Pisces and Ceria Springwalker are graduates of Wistram. [Mages] of Wistram. To claim otherwise goes against the authority placed in me. I gave them that right.”
Naili twisted her staff in her hands. She looked at Aaron and he knew he should leave. He backed towards the door, but slowly. He wanted to watch. Secrets were currency in Wistram and this was probably big.
“Montressa and her team made a mistake.”
“Her team attacked the two [Mages] on the pretext that they were not [Mages] of Wistram. That is an error, as is the bounty placed on Pisces. It must be rectified.”
The Lamia looked restless, glancing towards the door and curling up her long, serpentine lower half.
“Really? But that’s so much work. You know, we’d have to send a correction, make a tiny update, and after Tiqr, that’s really not—”
“Archmage Nailihuaile. That was not a request.”
Aaron froze. Cognita’s voice was almost always perfectly level, without the variance in tone that came to people with lungs or mortality. But the calm threat that appeared in her tone was anything but soothing.
He saw Naili look up. Aaron expected the Archmage to…well, he didn’t know. Protest, or deflect. But he saw Naili’s expression change as Cognita looked down at her. Her carefree smile vanished and she stood a bit taller, though she was far shorter than Cognita.
“It was an accident, Cognita. Do you want me to pull Montressa’s team as well?”
“Their pretense is false.”
The Star Lamia shook her head.
“Only the part about them not being Wistram’s [Mages]. They were expelled, after all. And Pisces committed a serious crime.”
“Is Wistram now accustomed to changing sentences passed?”
