6.60
Page 10
“I’m done for the day. And I’ll take one room; we’ll share it. What’s on the menu, can I ask? And uh—can I also ask about the name of this inn? The ‘Salubrious Sleephome’? I haven’t seen someone use the word ‘salubrious’…ever.”
The man beamed at her.
“You know the meaning? Pride and fortune, I thought I’d never meet anyone who was so well-read!”
Ryoka ducked her head. She would have deflected or maybe not even engaged a few months ago, but now she smiled.
“I like books.”
“As do I. I’m actually something of a [Reader]. Between you and me, it’s my passion.”
“Really? There’s a [Reader] class?”
The man winked at her, and suddenly they were friends. He escorted Ryoka and her friend to a table near a roaring fire; she was glad of it, despite the heat.
“Only naturally! [Writers] can’t exist without [Readers]. And before you ask, yes, there are benefits to the class! Mainly centered around reading, but the knowledge of books can be surprisingly powerful! I have one Skill that allows me to translate things I’ve read into semi-competent actions!”
“What? You have to be kidding!”
The man’s eyes danced.
“I became an [Innkeeper] after reading a book on cooking. Thirty one, actually! I can’t copy the techniques perfectly, but I can create…oh, a quarter’s worth of the actual thing? And with practice, that’s enough to allow me to cook a great deal! And that’s not all! Fencing, magic—it’s all more accessible thanks to my class! But I will own, it’s not a useful class as say, a pure [Warrior] or [Mage]. But I can live in the pages. They come to life! Have you ever wanted to stand on a battlefield?”
Ryoka paused.
“I did once. But I’ve seen the real thing and I can’t say I want to now.”
The [Innkeeper], who was named Quin, paused for a moment and grew serious.
“Ah, that is true. But a battlefield in stories is different. Incredible to behold! Or—sometimes—a terrible mess. Confused and as impressive as watching children flailing around with sticks. It all depends on the quality of the [Writer], you see. Good writers make the story come to life. Bad ones…but look at me drone on! If you’d like to take a book, I offer them to my guests so long as you treat them with respect.”
“That’s amazing.”
Ryoka smiled at Quin. He nodded, and opened his mouth to continue. But at that moment, Ryoka’s companion whined loudly. Runner and [Innkeeper] looked down.
“Sorry about my friend. Shush, you!”
“No, no. I’m being a poor host. Miss…Ryoka, was it? My kitchen is open to you! And I have a large menu! I may be a poorer [Cook], but I can make any dish I’ve read about and I’ve taught my [Cook] all the good recipes. Will you have a menu?”
“I will. Oh—”
Ryoka blinked at the vast menu, and the carefully hand-written words on each. She noted only some of the guests were bothering with the menu; reading might be somewhat universal to an extent, but few took to it like Quin. She eyed the page and pointed.
“What’s the Eldishfish and glossberry sauce taste like?”
“Served with some potatoes and a bit of whatever greens we have on hand this time of year. Eldishfish is rather tough, but flavorful. Glossberries? Vibrant, tart—decently sweet. A good combination.”
“I’ll have that, then.”
“And your companion, Miss Runner?”
Quin might have been the [Innkeeper], but he had a [Cook] and a staff, although he was waiting on Ryoka himself.
“She’s fine. Just give her water and food. Some dried meat? Don’t be worried about her biting.”
Ryoka glanced down at her companion. Said companion looked up at her and whoofed. Quin nodded.
“One moment! I simply must come back and talk to you about books!”
