6.60
Page 23
The Vampire girl laughed. Because that was Ryoka. Unguarded, the young woman grinned at the Vampire girl. Fierre raised an eyebrow.
“Tell me about it, already! I want to know how bad it was. I visited home and even my father said Belavierr was way too dangerous to mess with. We know about her, you know.”
“Vampires? Why doesn’t that surprise me? Dead gods, Fierre. She was insane. I can’t even describe—”
Ryoka sat forwards, trying to explain what it was like meeting Belavierr the first time. The way she stood so unnaturally and spoke. Fierre listened, jotting down some notes, but mainly hearing Ryoka speak. Talking in her own turn.
“Nothing much’s happened around Reizmelt since you’ve been gone. But you remember those Ogre raids a while back? A band of them coming out of the hills, to the east? Southeast, that is, a good eighty miles. Well, it’s gotten worse. There are multiple bands of them. The bounty’s been upped, but it’s a dangerous area at the moment. I really don’t recommend running there, but there’s gold to be made.”
“Damn. I’ve never seen Ogres. Is it bad?”
“Well, they’re crossing over into Lady Pryde’s domain. Magnolia Reinhart has interests in the region, but the Ogres were hitting unclaimed territory up until now. Some groups got wiped out by adventurers, but there’s two bands you do not want to mess with. Speaking of which—the trade war is biting the lands opposed to Magnolia Reinhart hard. You could earn big money if you can break the Skill she’s got going on.”
“I don’t mess with her, thanks.”
Ryoka spread her arms. Fierre eyed the City Runner for a moment, but she held onto that tidbit and went on, consulting her notes.
“Well, if you don’t like that, I have news from Liscor. A team of Wistram [Mages] got spanked hard. I’ll tell you all about it when I have more solid information—you’re always asking about Liscor, right?”
“I have friends down there. Anyone hurt?”
“No one died. It’s just funny to hear about. Oh, and there’s a bounty, but it’s small sheep, honestly. Wistram had to correct it, which is weird—they sent out a mass-correction. I’ll grab a copy. Let’s see. Some adventurer is killing Goblins too, in the same area as the Ogres. No, wait, a [Knight]. Not just a few; he’s taken out multiple tribes. They call him the Goblin Slayer.”
Ryoka blinked.
“The what?”
“Goblin Slayer. Anyways, it’s just a rumor.”
For a second the young woman looked unhappy. But then she shook her head.
“Anything else?”
“Big? No. I mean, I could go on all day, but that’s all the really interesting stuff. Oh, and one more thing.”
Fierre grinned slightly as she pulled out a piece of paper from the bottom of her file. She presented it to Ryoka with a flourish; she’d been holding onto it.
“I found what you were looking for. I put some money into it.”
Ryoka froze. She stared down at the paper.
“You found them?”
“It wasn’t easy. But they are working as adventurers. And you’re right—they’ve got Magnolia Reinhart backing them. Or some of her staff, I think. I had to tiptoe carefully to get their location but this is it. Semi-permanent; they’ve been seen there the last month.”
Fierre tapped the address she’d written down, and all the other notes. She watched Ryoka’s face change. The young woman inhaled.
“You never said why you wanted them.”
“I—need to meet them. I’d explain, Fierre, but it’s really personal. They’re there?”
“I’d be careful, Ryoka. They’re Magnolia Reinhart’s staff. You said you didn’t mess with her.”
“Yeah. But this is different. I’ll be careful. But…”
