6.60
Page 1
“It’s just not necessary, Dawil. I’ll grant you that I could have joined an order, but I never needed to.”
“What, they let you become a [Knight] just cause you walked up with fancy armor and a shield?”
The Dwarf laughed. He was hunting for his lunch. His pony looked up as he fished a carrot from his saddlebags. The Dwarf stared at it and fed it to the pony. Ylawes shook his head.
“I’m a [Lord]’s son. I practiced with weapons growing up, I have my own vow to defend people where I can—I fulfilled the spirit of my class. I never needed an order. With that said, I’ve had offers.”
“I don’t doubt it. Knight orders were always recruiting back in Terandria. Send your child to become a [Knight]! If they’re talented. And noble. Or just rich.”
Dawil snorted. He came up with a sandwich loaded with bacon. Ylawes eyed it. The Dwarf saw the look.
“My sandwich. You can eat your plants.”
“I don’t want it. But did you have to badger the poor village to kill a pig for you?”
“I paid. And they were only happy to do it! We rid their mines of slimes, Ylawes.”
“They had perfectly good sandwiches. This is delicious.”
Dawil shook his head.
“It’s all vegetables. That’s not a sandwich. That’s bread on a salad. This is a sandwich, like those ones Erin used to make. Truegold and sparksilver, I miss that inn! Those hamburgers and steaks whenever I wanted it?”
He sighed longingly and took a huge bite of his sandwich. Ylawes shook his head.
“We’ll visit again. Maybe if our road takes us towards Celum.”
“Yeah. So you can bother your sister again.”
The armored man frowned at his friend.
“I like to think we did more than that, Dawil. We fought monsters, nearly saw a war—and helped Yvlon and her team.”
“And ate like [Kings]!”
The Dwarf sighed. He nudged his pony back towards the road.
“So, about orders…you’ve never thought of joining one?”
Ylawes raised his brows.
“Should I? The downsides largely outweigh the benefits to me. There are a few on Izril, but you’d know more, coming from Terandria.”
“True! I guess they do tie you down, mostly. How many’re on Izril worth talking about?”
“The Knights of the Petal, the Order of Clairei Fields, the Durengal—not many.”
“Huh. We’ve got like…a hundred.”
Ylawes nearly choked on his sandwich. He coughed and took a drink of water.
“That many?”
“What? It’s a big continent. Why does Izril have so few?”
“Because we don’t live in the era of [Kings] and castles. Izril doesn’t have kingdoms either. Humans may have come to Izril thousands of years ago, but we’re still new to the continent. Well, a bit. Besides, we trust to adventurers and the local nobility to keep the peace. In that sense, they’re probably better here than on Terandria.”
“True. That’s why I moved to Izril. Terandria you have to compete with the Hunter’s Guild and those idiots wearing armor.”
“[Knights].”
“Yeah.”
“Of which I’m one.”
“That’s what I said. Anyways, you should give it a thought, Ylawes. Some of the orders have benefits.”
The [Knight] paused.
“Such as?”
“Well, have you heard of the Irriven Redbloods?”
“No. Why are they called Redbloods? Wouldn’t it be ‘Bluebloods’?”
The Dwarf grinned as he slurped up some bacon.
