6.60
Page 5
Magitech. He was using crystals formed of magicore exposed to almost pure mana, worth a fortune, while trying to combine it with the principles of a lead-acid battery, which he’d engineered with some of the other Earther’s help. The breakthrough was one that surpassed both individual technologies.
With the ingenious magic of Wistram’s [Mages] and the superior—vastly superior energy-hoarding qualities of materials from this world, they’d combined it with the technology of batteries, the understanding of electrical polarity to create something that could charge lightning spells.
They’d created an artifact, in fact. Something so powerful even the Archmage who’d helped Aaron make the orb, the Lamia Archmage Nailihuaile, had been impressed. Even given the expensive costs of making so many prototypes!
And that wasn’t all. With more people from Earth, Aaron’s world had opened up. He was no longer a single captive, but one of many. He was working on a plan. An idea to combine more Earth-technology with this world’s resources. He carefully, carefully, began to insert the new battery he’d made—miniaturized from the orb that Montressa had taken for field testing—into the armored glove painted red and gold of course—
The door slammed open. Aaron jumped and the battery went flying. Archmage Nailihuaile, also known as Naili, caught the sealed battery in the air with a wave of her staff. Then she looked at Aaron.
“Hey! I’m gonna borrow your bed, alright?”
“What? Archmage Naili? Is everything ok—”
Aaron blinked as the Lamia, her scales translucent in places, glowing with accumulated magic, slithered over to his bed. In one hand she carried the Serkonian Lance, treasure of the Lizardfolk, which could create a magical field where she could effortlessly link spells, change the very nature of mana in the air, and also fire devastating lances of magic, hence the name. He’d also seen her use it as a backscratcher.
Now Naili tossed the staff under the bed and bend over, wriggling under Aaron’s bed. He stared at her tail.
“Um, Naili—”
“I’m not here! Shh! If she knocks, I’m not here!”
The Lamia waved frantically at Aaron. Bemused, he turned towards the door. The Lamia Archmage was by far the most relaxed of the four Archmages in Wistram. Feor and Viltach were older and far more…stately. Naili by contrast was lighthearted, joking that just because she’d grown older and become an Archmage, it didn’t mean she had to be stuck-up and crotchety. It made her popular. By contrast, the fourth Archmage, Amerys—
Someone knocked hard on the door. Aaron jumped and saw the bed jump. He looked at the door and heard a voice.
Deep, smooth. Without hesitation or flaw, like the owner.
“Archmage Nailihuaile. I would speak to you. Aaron Vanwell, will you open the door please?”
Cognita. Aaron looked at his bed. He hesitated. The Truestone Golem, warden or perhaps caretaker of Wistram, one of the most powerful constructs ever built, was standing outside his door. He was fascinated by her. And a little frightened.
He knew what the final test of Zelkyr was. And he had beheld the four guardian Golems, of which Cognita was fifth and most deadly. Even so, he raised his voice.
“Um…she’s not here, Cognita—”
“Aaron Vanwell. Open this door.”
The young man paused. He slowly got up. From under the bed, Naili shouted.
“I’m busy, Cognita! I told you—”
“This matter will not wait. Open the door, Aaron Vanwell. I would dislike damaging it.”
The [Mage]/[Engineer] hesitated. Naili shouted.
“I’m really busy! I’m uh, having sex!”
