6.60
Page 21
The pounding wasn’t any of her code knocks. Fierre doubted whoever was on the other side could get in, but just in case, she reached for one of her emergency tools. It wasn’t for her; she’d rather get arrested or deal with whoever was on the other side herself. But she had a bag of holding she’d shove her files into and then toss under a concealment charm to keep hidden.
It was a last resort. But for now, Fierre kept silent. She waited, as whomever was pounding on the other side shouted something.
“Fierre? Fierre? It’s me! Ryoka!”
The voice jerked the Vampire girl upright. Ryoka? She stared at the door and rose. But then she hesitated.
It could be a trick. Warily, Fierre stalked over to the door and murmured a word. A porthole appeared in the metal, allowing her to see through the metal. She saw a familiar face, anxiously hammering on the door. Fierre hesitated.
“Ryoka?”
“Yes!”
“What’s the password?”
Ryoka paused. Fierre saw her hesitate.
“Uh—”
The Vampire girl grinned. She threw open the door.
“Come in! Ryoka!”
The City Runner entered Fierre’s new office and stared about. The Vampire girl hadn’t decorated, so her new office was like the last one—a room to conduct secret business in. Even so, there were some trappings of Fierre’s success.
For one thing, a tiny scrying mirror, secured in a soundproof box when Fierre wasn’t using it. And another—a list of bounties on the wall, for information, items, people. Unofficial and official. But what was most impressive was Fierre’s information network.
She had three huge cabinets, and several maps now, showing everything from the influence of the underworld to trade routes. She had a copy of the Adventurer’s Guild bestiary, a list of every [Mage]’s Guild across Izril—and a bunch of unofficial contacts—and a list of favors owed, to her or to others.
“It’s amazing what gold can get you. I spent over half of it, but this is the result! It’s put me on a new level. Now I have a network and I can actually leverage some influence! I’m a name, Ryoka. And I—”
Fierre caught herself. She was babbling as Ryoka sat in front of her desk, staring at all the papers Fierre had pulled out. The Vampire girl stopped and looked at Ryoka. And her exuberance faded.
“I’m sorry.”
“For what? I should be apologizing to you, Fierre. I should never have asked about Belavierr. You nearly died!”
Ryoka looked up. She was still stunned by everything that was new. She hadn’t known about Belavierr’s curse on Fierre. The Vampire girl shook her head.
“No. It was my fault for being careless. Ryoka—the Order of Seasons came because of me.”
The City Runner nodded. She’d worked that out as the two caught up. She inhaled, and bowed her head.
“I know. I wish you hadn’t said anything.”
“I was angry. After I got hit by that curse, I lost my temper and—I’m so sorry.”
Fierre bit her lip. Her pointed teeth dug into her pale flesh. In her room she was more uncovered than anywhere else, so Ryoka could see her pale, bloodless skin. But she had blood; Ryoka had heard at the Runner’s Guild how bad the devastation had been at her office. People were of the opinion that Fierre had barely survived the needles thanks to her door and healing potions and some lucky Skills, but Ryoka knew better.
“I’m sorry. Belavierr was—I’ve seen those needle storms she conjures. Did it—did it hurt?”
The Vampire girl’s pause told Ryoka enough.
“Not much. You know I’m tough. If the needles had been silver, I would have died. But regular metal and wood?”
She tried to shrug casually. It didn’t fool Ryoka. Fierre stared at her friend.
