6.60
Page 13
Lord Gralton raised his head as he held a dog, a puppy barely a few months old. It was wheezing, coughing as he fed it. Goat’s milk, letting it lap up the liquid a bit at a time and cough.
The [Dog Lord]’s eyes were red. He had been weeping. His voice was rough as he stared at Ryoka.
“You? What do you want?”
“His Majesty sends his regards.”
Ryoka stopped, hesitating. She bowed slightly. She had not bowed to Bethal. Or Magnolia. But it wasn’t Gralton who demanded it. It was the silent dogs. The half-empty kennels.
Lord Radivaek’s grief.
Riverfarm had been ravaged by fire. Though the village itself had been spared, the Oldblood Drake who had infiltrated the area had sown discord, pitted the [Witches] against [Knights] from Terandria, and let loose a firestorm that had destroyed villages, farms, and so much more. It would be years before the area began to recover, but perhaps with Laken it might recover sooner. But that Drake had been but one of many.
They had targeted the nobility’s lands. And while Ryoka and Riverfarm had thwarted the Drake attacking their lands, other areas had not been so lucky. A Drake had come to Lord Gralton’s lands while he had been absent. But it had not spread fire. Instead, the weapon had been plague.
And poison.
The puppy wheezed again as Lord Gralton stood. He was a big man, and Ryoka saw a bit of that wildness in his eyes. Fury too; no wonder the [Servants] had announced her and fled. But mostly grief. He stared at her.
“You’re that City Runner that Laken said he could trust. Griffin.”
“Ryoka Griffin, Lord Gralton. That’s right. Laken sends his regards. Riverfarm is secure. They have the Drake’s body. He—asks if you need assistance.”
“No. The [Witches] already left. Said there was nothing more they could do. You—you’re not much for someone an [Emperor] trusts. What do you want? Just coming to deliver a message? If so, get—”
Gralton growled, but the puppy in his arms coughed again. Ryoka heard it, deep, wheezing. She saw Gralton lower his head. Instantly, his growing anger changed.
“Does it hurt? Here. More milk?”
He cradled the puppy, offering it more to drink. The puppy whined, a soft sound. Gralton bent his head. Ryoka looked at him as the little dog buried its head into the crook of his arm. Coughing. He rocked it, until it began to breathe slower. Sleeping. Only then did Gralton look up and his fury was extinguished. Wordlessly, he walked over to a little bed and laid the puppy there.
The kennels were like no animal rescue or even shelter Ryoka had ever met. No rows of cages obviously, but Gralton had built a paradise for dogs. Some sections were neatly divided to allow breeds to be cordoned off or allow aggressive or troubled dogs space, but there was also space for dogs to run, toys like leather balls, beds, brushes of all kinds for fur, even an area for training, equipped with well-worn padded armguards and dummies made of straw to be attacked.
The kennel was massive, and it could have housed hundreds of dogs without even crowding them. It had a massive staff too, trained to handle the canines from raising them to caring for their medical needs and training them, whether as shepherds, companions, or for battle.
But while Ryoka was certain the kennel was usually full of life and probably, barking dogs playing or running about, it was deathly silent here. Only a few attendants were present, tending to quiet dogs. And the animals were silent, huddled together.
Death had swept through this place. Gralton turned to Ryoka, wiping roughly at his eyes. Ryoka looked at the puppy, still laboring to breathe.
