6.60
Page 8
Cognita looked down at Naili. After a moment, she spoke.
“If I truly wished to change Wistram as I pleased, I would listen to Archmage Amerys’ requests to free her. I respect the will of the academy. Archmage, please do not test my respect.”
Naili froze. She looked back up at Cognita. Then she silently opened the door and slithered out. Aaron let out a huge breath as he watched Naili go. Cognita turned and nodded to him.
“Aaron Vanwell. I apologize for the disruption.”
“Uh—no problem, Cognita.”
The young man watched Cognita go. Breathless, he stared at her back. Then, slowly, he stared down at the unfinished gauntlet on the table and the battery. He hesitated.
There were four Archmages in Wistram at this moment. Not three. Aaron knew it because he was in Naili’s personal circle in a sense. A guest in one, but privy to knowledge. He understood the significance of this knowledge, even if what he understood was how much he didn’t understand. But he knew Archmage Amerys was present.
He’d met her just once. And she was no Cognita, no ageless Golem who guarded the secrets of magic with death as the consequence of failure. She was just a Human woman. But he had met her.
She scared him greatly. He wondered if a magictech gauntlet, the technology he was developing, would work in the cell where she was being kept. It was just a thought. But Blackmage, Aaron Vanwell, knew he was a prisoner.
Him and all the others. There were eighteen so far. And nine more found and on the way. They were prisoners. Or guests. Well-treated. But he hadn’t been allowed to leave the island. In truth, he wasn’t sure if Naili and her faction were friends. If he agreed with everything Wistram was doing; he and the other Earthers were guests. There had been talk of letting them try to be adventurers, or visit other places—with supervision.
He wondered about the King of Destruction. And whether lightning worked on Cognita. Naili said it didn’t. But she was also asking him to build a lot more than a lightning orb. A projector, for one, so everyone could watch movies. She was addicted to the movies on the Earther’s devices. But she also wanted more. So did Feor, Viltach—all the factions that had ‘claimed’ an Earther.
What was one person to do amid it all? Wait. Learn. And listen. Slowly, Aaron bent over the glove and inserted the battery. He stared at it. And for a moment, all the thoughts that weighted on him vanished. The glove was ready. Contained in one palm was harnessed lightning. Enough to fuel at least one or two spells.
Aaron stared at the bright metal. The power emanating from the magical battery. Then he put it on. He flexed the glove, lifted it up and lightning crackled, arcing through the air where he’d created a magical path for it to follow. He took a deep breath. Intrigue, danger. But this world was still so cool. He looked around, but no one was there.
And you had to say it once.
“I am Iron M—”
 
—-
 
The actions in one location rippled to the next. In a way few could ever understand, small actions in one place could affect grand narratives in others. Sometimes, a grain of sand could change the course of history.
Other times it couldn’t. It was just a grain of sand. Actually, in most cases grains of sand didn’t affect much, unless they flew into the eye of conquerors at just the right moment to make him blink and fail to parry a blow, or the edge of the cliff. You couldn’t tell. That was the point. Who knew what grand schemes or petty conflicts would change everything? That was the Butterfly Effect, the terrible truth of causality and the whims of fate.
