6.60
Page 16
Ryoka did. Much to her surprise, she found herself sitting after an hour, playing with dogs, and then throwing a ball. They didn’t live in the kennels; in fact they often ran outside, hunting or playing. Gralton allowed them to do just that, and after a while, Ryoka realized she was staying the night with Charlay.
Lord Gralton ate there, in the kennels, sharing his meal with any of the dogs who wandered over. He’d barely left it since returning home, apparently. He relished the company of the animals. Not exactly as equals—Ryoka saw him calmly stop an overeager husky who kept trying to jump up on her. He led them as naturally as breathing. And he was kind to them.
Humans not so much. Gralton gave orders like a [Lord] and he ruled—Ryoka heard him snapping about redigging wells that night—but he clearly loved animals more than people. Still, he had a soft spot if you looked.
“You’re still the worst person with dogs I’ve ever seen. You have to be dominant. My hounds will walk all over you.”
He informed Ryoka as he reprimanded another over-aggressive dog. She flushed, but Gralton was looking at her speculatively. And when she left the next day, he gave her a gift.
 
—-
 
“So the dog’s yours?”
“I’m just delivering her. Her name’s Mousey, by the way.”
“Mousey? She’s so adorable!”
The dinner with Quin was mostly filled with talk of books—most of which Ryoka had never heard of—and Mousey. The dog attracted attention. And she was trained. Gralton had assured Ryoka she wouldn’t spook or disobey commands, but Ryoka was impressed. If anything, she’d been the one who needed coaching when he let Mousey go with her.
“I’m going north still. Towards Reizmelt.”
“Really? You wouldn’t happen to be willing to carry a delivery north, would you? I have a letter I’ve been meaning to send up towards First Landing…”
Quin looked sideways at Ryoka. It was a common question, so the City Runner just smiled.
“I can drop it off at the Runner’s Guild there if you have it by morning. If anyone else has a delivery north, I can run it that way.”
She slept that night in the Salubrious Sleephome. Mousey curled up on the floor, and after a moment, Ryoka opened one eye.
“You can climb up if you want. Up, Mousey?”
The dog looked up and then leapt onto Ryoka’s bed. The City Runner looked around, embarrassed. It was odd, having an animal with you.
“Don’t get used to it. You’re a delivery. I’m not keeping a pet.”
Then she closed her eyes. She still didn’t like—
Mousey sneezed on Ryoka’s face. The City Runner opened her eyes and the dog licked her face once.
“Don’t push it.”
 
—-
 
Reizmelt looked like Ryoka had remembered it. But it was strangely inviting after all this time. The City Runner slowed her pace as she ran through the gates. It had been a long run. She inhaled as Mousey, panting happily, wagged her tail. What neither runner nor dog were prepared for were the shouts from atop the gates.
“Oi! Wind Runner!”
Ryoka glanced up, startled. Some of the [Guards] on duty were waving down at her. She blinked and then raised a hand. They usually never stopped her.
“Something wrong?”
“Nothing wrong! But where’ve you been blowing off to? Haven’t had a breeze like this in a while! And where’d you get the dog?”
The woman on the gates shouted down at Ryoka. The young woman blinked, and then grinned.
“From Lord Gralton! Say, are the Pithfire Hounds in Reizmelt?”
“I saw them just today! Mind blowing us a breeze? It’s getting hotter around here! Summer’s beginning!”
