6.60
Page 20
Mad Madain wasn’t used to the crowd. But he tolerated the people and entertained himself by throwing bones for the dogs to catch. Ryoka Griffin smiled a bit as she saw Mousey’s head go up, watching the bones fly. Levil had to remember to give her the kalde command to eat.
“She’s better-trained than Makki. I hear those dog-commands are so they don’t take wrong orders in the field. We’re going to have to practice with her, but she’s going to be a welcome member of the team. We owe you greatly, Ryoka. And we’ll stop by with Mousey as much as we can.”
Ryoka nodded. She turned away from Mousey for a moment. Alber was eating at one table. She’d seen him plying his [Fistfighter] trade this evening. He looked up and nodded to her.
“Ryoka.”
“Hey, Alber. Anything new happen?”
The young man paused. He shook his head. After a moment, he looked at her.
“Nice to see you.”
He went back to eating. Ryoka smiled. Some things didn’t change, and after all the greetings she’d gotten, this was almost a relief.
But some things had changed. Ryoka looked around. She still hadn’t seen one person in Reizmelt, the person she’d been most eager to meet.
“Is Fierre in the city? Or has she gone home, does anyone know?”
“She’s here. Saw her this morning and she paid for the week. Probably working in her secret job.”
Madain grunted. Ryoka looked at him. Fierre’s status as an opener and broker of secrets was known in the inn—the Pithfire Hounds looked confused.
“Is she still working there, do you think?”
“Probably. Girl has more customers. Should charge her more rent.”
“Maybe I’ll go visit her. Levil, it was great catching up, but…”
The [Pyromancer] was nodding.
“Anytime, Ryoka. You’ve got Runner business?”
“And Fierre’s a—friend.”
Ryoka smiled at him. She nodded towards the door, only a bit unsteady after the three drinks she’d had.
“I’ll just duck out. We’ll come back if she’s done for the day. See you—”
“Hold on, she’s not in her old spot.”
Madain interrupted. The [Innkeeper] looked at Ryoka as she paused. He grinned, and looked at Alber. The [Fistfighter] looked up, not as amused by the secret knowledge they shared.
“What?”
“It got blown up. Her last spot. Fierre’s in a new place. Don’t know where it is myself. You’ll have to ask around.”
“What? Her door got—by what? Who?”
The former adventurer shrugged.
“Heard it was a bunch of sewing needles. Girl must have pissed off someone. Maybe that [Witch] she was talking about.”
Ryoka stared at Madain, open-mouthed with horror. Then she turned and sprinted out of the inn. Levil looked at Madain.
“But she’s okay. Fierre, I mean?”
“Oh, sure. Right as rain. Probably had some good healing potions. Way I heard it, she has some high-level defensive Skill. But she’s totally fine.”
“You could have told Ryoka that.”
Mad Madain grinned at Levil.
“So?”
 
—-
 
Fierre was working in her new office when there was a pounding at the door. The Vampire girl froze and stared around her room.
It was larger than the previous cubby that had been large enough only for her desk and a cabinet. This new place was located in a less…upstanding part of town, but it was made up for by the thick stone walls, all warded, and the new door.
Twice as thick as the last one and enchanted with more than just protection spells. Even the hail of needles that had gone through the first one would have trouble with this one. Fierre had been organizing her expanded file cabinets. Now she sank back in her chair.
