6.61 L
Page 19
Until recently, Klbkch had been the only Antinium who had a name. Or spoke. And Tkrn still remembered the rules about Antinium he’d been taught. Don’t ask their names, tell them what to do—don’t go near the Hive entrance for any reason.
But the times were changing. Klbkch nodded briskly.
“In that case, I will attempt to educate you while we begin pursuit. Junior Guardsman Tkrn, will you begin locating the [Thief]!”
“Yes, Senior Guardsman!”
Tkrn snapped to attention. He flushed as Jerci glanced sideways at him. He inhaled, trying to find the [Thief]’s scent in the air. He could smell the soil from Erin’s pots, and the flowers, but he wasn’t as good as a Plains Gnoll, much less a child like Mrsha. Even so.
“The trail’s there, but faint, Senior Guardsman. This way.”
He pointed. Klbkch nodded.
“Junior Guardswoman Jerci, do you confirm the scent?”
“I do, Senior Guardsman.”
Jerci nodded, not glancing Tkrn’s way. If she was leery of Klbkch, she didn’t even acknowledge Tkrn’s presence. She was a fellow Gnoll, but she refused to so much as look at the other Gnoll. Tkrn lowered his head.
He was in disgrace. Most people didn’t know why; they wouldn’t have guessed it, looking at him, as he led the way down the street after the [Thief]’s smell. But Tkrn felt like his crime was written in paint on his face.
During the last days of Liscor’s election, Tkrn had been—he’d participated in, but tried to halt—he’d been party to the torture and attempted murder of a prisoner. Calruz, the Minotaur. The incident had been largely hushed up, but all the Gnolls knew. And so did the Watch. The [Guards] who had participated in the crime had all been fired—save for Tkrn. And the civilians had been jailed, ironically in the very prison that had held Calruz. It wasn’t the hardest sentence, but some [Guards] who’d served in the Watch for as many as eight years had been let go.
Tkrn was the one exception, and some days he felt like he’d have preferred to have been fired with the rest of them. But he’d tried to stop the torture and the execution at the end. And protect Mrsha when she’d appeared in the prison. When the [Guards] had resisted arrest, he’d helped take them down. That was the only reason he still had a job. The only reason, Captain Zevara had said.
Honored Krshia had appealed his case personally. Even so, Tkrn’s pay was almost nothing for the next month, he’d been demoted to the lowest-level of [Guardsman]—like he was a new recruit, and he was on his last chance. He couldn’t even resume his regular duties, hence being assigned to today’s patrol under Klbkch’s direction.
The Antinium strode down the street, following Tkrn. They were moving fast; not at a run, but almost. Tkrn shouted.
“Watch in pursuit! Clear the way!”
Pedestrians obligingly stepped out of his path. He scented the air—this time Jerci pointed.
“That way.”
She glared challengingly at him. Klbkch turned to Tkrn and the Gnoll nodded. He hurried down a side street, and glanced sideways at Jerci. The female Gnoll he was working with was new. She kept staring at Klbkch when she thought the Antinium wasn’t looking. And glaring at him. He wanted to say something, but she’d rebuffed him twice when he’d tried to talk.
Klbkch was the first to speak as they entered another street and headed left.
“Guardswoman Jerci, what is your combat rating?”
“Um, basic, Senior Guardsman. I have no classes outside of [Guard] and [Soldier] at Level 1.”
“Understood. If there is combat, place yourself behind Guardsman Tkrn or I.”
“Yes, Senior Guardsman. W-will there be fighting?”
