6.61 L
Page 6
“So why’d Wistram beat Fissival? Is it older?”
“No, actually. But it eclipsed Fissival because…the Draconae Scholarium is a Drake institution, Miss Solstice. And it is also a Walled City, and geographically bound to Izril. Wistram is far more open, and while hardly apolitical, it doesn’t represent one species’ interests above others. With that said, the Academy is mostly invested in itself, but I’ve reflected on the benefits. I still prefer Fissival and I’ve no intention of becoming a member of Wistram, but there it is. Are your questions answered?”
“I guess. Thanks for giving it to me straight, Grimalkin. You sure you won’t…?”
“No.”
Erin sighed again. She’d had Grimalkin in this morning for consultation, but not too fruitfully by the look of it. Mrsha looked at Bird, wondering if he had any thoughts. He whispered to Mrsha, but not too quietly.
“Do you think there are magic birds at Wistram?”
Grimalkin and Erin both looked at the Worker. The Drake glowered. He still didn’t like any of the Antinium. He reached for his last egg, checked himself, and spoke.
“Antinium. Are you as simple as you seem to be, or are you as deceptive as Miss Erin? Because I’m rapidly losing patience either way.”
Bird looked up at Grimalkin. Erin glowered, but the Worker replied cheerfully.
“I am as simple as I choose to be. I am a Bird and I am free to be me.”
Grimalkin stared at Bird. Then he rose and popped the last boiled egg into his mouth.
“Well, I’m done. Miss Solstice, I have to get back to work. I’m quite busy at the moment with the weights and my students.”
“Oh. Thanks. I mean—thanks for coming out here and explaining, after helping with Pisces’ bones and everything. I wish you could…never mind.”
Erin got to her feet. The [Sinew Magus] nodded at her as he walked over to the magic door. Mrsha followed her conversation from the table with her ears.
“Don’t take it the wrong way, Miss Solstice. But there is very little incentive for me to make an enemy out of the academy. Your leverage of friendship has limits and I’d caution you to avoid putting them in danger too.”
“I don’t—why do you help me, then? Are we friends?”
Grimalkin paused by the door as he reached for a cloak. It was raining in Pallass.
“You intrigue me, Miss Solstice, but we’re not friends. I hardly know you. But I am grateful for the information you’ve given me. And it’s in my interests to keep up a good relationship. I’m certain you have more to tell me that you’re holding onto. A better way to implement the treadmills you talked about, for instance. I’ve tried to make a magical one, but mass-production is different. Well, that only matters in places where mobility is restricted, so it’s low on my list. Nevertheless, if you’d present me with something worth taking on Wistram Academy for, I’m willing to do all I can.”
Erin blew out her cheeks.
“I—no.”
“In that case, it’s a pleasure, Miss Solstice. I must be off. Grimalkin, entering Pallass!”
The Drake thrust open the door after nodding to Erin. The [Guards] on the other side shot to attention.
“Magus, sir! You’re cleared for entry!”
He left. Erin wandered back to the table and sat next to Mrsha. She sighed and the Gnoll patted her leg anxiously. Erin forced a smile.
“It’s okay, Mrsha. I didn’t expect Grimalkin to do too much. He said he wasn’t going to move the moon—moons—for me. Which is fair! I ask a lot. I still have to thank Seborn and Moore for getting hurt to help me; I’ll make them something tonight. Grimalkin has a point. I just wish…”
