6.61 L
Page 7
She hesitated. Mrsha looked around. There were a few Gnolls in the inn, but none seemed to be listening to their table. Adults had trouble focusing on individual conversations if there was a lot of background noise; Mrsha could generally tell if they were listening in. Her ears were still really good.
She covertly made a special sign; an orb with her paws. It meant ‘Earth’. She pointed at the door, flexed an arm, made her question-gesture, and waited. Erin took a second to unravel what Mrsha had said.
“Oh? Give him what he wants from…home? I thought about it, but I don’t know if I know—well, there are a few things. Monkey bars, burpies, all kindsa stuff. But I don’t want to give him too much. So I guess…I’m going to try other stuff first, okay Mrsha? But I’ll do it if I need to. The Horns can also deal with it; we’ll play it by ear.”
Mrsha nodded. Erin sighed and looked at Bird. He glanced up. The Worker stared at Mrsha and Erin as he chewed, then spoke.
“Garry wished to come to be employed as a [Cook], but the Queen refused. I am supposed to tell you, Erin.”
She blinked at him.
“Thank you, Bird.”
He nodded and went back to his meal. Mrsha pushed back her empty bowl. Now she wanted to run about! Maybe play in Liscor? She conveyed that to Erin and the young woman nodded.
“I can take you to the playground! We’ll do that, Mrsha! Or—darn. I have to cook. Lyonette wants those cookies done. Drat. Oh well; I’m banned from playing in the playground anyways. Drassi! Can you take Mrsha into Liscor to play?”
The Drake [Barmaid], [Gossip], and now [Bartender] looked up as she mopped up a spilled drink. She brightened and came over.
“Sure can, Erin! Hello, Mrsha! You want to go to the climbing playground? Ooh, or the flat one?”
Mrsha nodded eagerly and Erin smiled.
“Have her back by lunch, alright? And uh, can you find out what the Wistram [Mages] are doing? Keep asking about them?”
The [Gossip] laughed, amused.
“Erin, Erin…I’m already doing that! They’re the talk of the city! Do you want to know what they’re doing now?”
“Wait, you already know?”
Erin stared at Drassi. The Drake nodded.
“They’re doing business. They’ve set up—well, the Minotauress, Bezale, has. The others are going around to do their business.”
“In Liscor? Business like what? Don’t people know what they did? Why’re they giving them money?”
Erin was outraged. Drassi rolled her eyes.
“Erin, they’re [Mages]. From Wistram. And each one’s a specialist! They’re selling good stuff! Hey, I can get you something if you don’t want to talk to them. I just want to take a look.”
Erin paused. She looked at Mrsha and the Gnoll sat up with interest. Erin hesitated, and then looked at Drassi.
“…What kind of stuff?”
 
—-
 
Montressa du Valeross inspected the walls from the battlements, trying to ignore the glares she was getting. It took a long time, but she did a thorough job and turned to the surly Drake [Strategist] at last.
“I don’t see much degradation of the spells, Strategist Olesm. As you said, the gates’ wards have been breached, and the spell’s frayed on the stonework there. I’ll recommend the [Enchanter] make an early visit this year to repair the damage done. I can give you an estimate if you’d like?”
“That would be welcome, Lady du Valeross.”
“Montressa, please.”
The [Aegiscaster] smiled at Olesm as she began to quote numbers. The Drake didn’t return it. He scribbled down the information on a bit of parchment without a word. Montressa bit her lip.
“Is there anything else?”
“Nothing, Miss Montressa. The city thanks you for your help.”
