6.61 L
Page 25
“Next time, Guardswoman Jerci, I would advise you to rush him. You may apprehend the [Thief] now.”
“Yes, Senior—”
Jerci fell on the [Thief], tackling him and placing a knee in his back. By the time Tkrn had raced to the alleyway, the [Thief] was groaning and kneeling, Jerci on top. Klbkch nodded to Tkrn and addressed the fallen Gnoll.
“You are under arrest for petty theft. Junior Guardsman Tkrn, Junior Guardswoman Jerci. Are you confident in your ability to transport the prisoner to the barracks?”
“Yes, Senior Guardsman!”
Tkrn saluted as Jerci looked up. She stammered an affirmative and Klbkch stepped back.
“Then do so, with the correct protocol. From the beginning.”
He didn’t leave, but he watched without lifting a hand to help or saying a word, his arms crossed. Tkrn cuffed the Gnoll, showing Jerci how to make sure he didn’t get away before they could place his paws in manacles. He called out an explanation to the few citizens who wanted to know what had gone on, collected Erin’s flowers from Reric’s belt, and then Jerci and Tkrn marched the [Thief] towards the Watch house.
Klbkch watched, nodding as Jerci helped Tkrn. He only corrected them once.
“Junior Guardswoman Jerci, protocol for [Guards] in the City Watch is to allow as few [Guards] as necessary to accompany the prisoner. Your position should be back and to the side, to better react and watch for other possible crimes or interferences with Junior Guardsman Tkrn.”
“Oh. I—where do I go?”
Flustered, Jerci moved back. Klbkch pointed and she stood there, flushing. She reached for her baton, and then looked at Klbkch questioningly.
“Should I draw my weapon, Senior Guardsman?”
The Antinium shook his head patiently as Tkrn wrenched up the [Thief]’s arms, cutting off a whining protest.
“This is only a precaution. If you believe you are in any danger, Junior Guardswoman, you should immediately request backup and hold your position or secure a safer location depending on the threat presented.”
“I see, sir. Then…”
Jerci glanced at Tkrn. He stared at Klbkch, but the Antinium had gone back to observational mode. Well, Tkrn had handled arrests. He shot a glance at her over his shoulder as Reric whimpered; they were heading into populated streets and some of Liscor’s citizens were staring at the [Thief] as he was marched forwards.
“Guardswoman, will you clear the way?”
“Oh. Right. Um—Watch delivering a criminal! Stand aside, please!”
They made good progress after that. Tkrn watched with some satisfaction as Reric was thrown into the holding cell and he presented the flowers that had been the object of his desires. Klbkch was filling out paperwork with the [Guardswoman] in charge. Beilmark. She was on desk duty, which was rare for a Senior Guardswoman, but Tkrn supposed her partner, Jeiss, was on the Council duty.
“We are also reporting the presence of a possible career criminal known as Bearclaw. I estimate her to be anywhere from Level 20 to Level 30 and quite dangerous. She was armed with a claw-knuckle and meeting with Mister Soot down Greas street.”
Beilmark swore and growled.
“Soot’s got her? Dead gods, of all the times for Relc not to be your partner! What do you think, [Thug]?”
“Possibly. But she seemed to be a leader of sorts. She may be attempting to secure some item. Or form a gang. I did not wish to attempt to apprehend her with Guardsman Tkrn and Junior Guardsman Jerci present.”
“I’ll alert the patrols. Does one of you have her scent?”
Tkrn gulped.
“I do, Senior Guardswoman Beilmark.”
The Gnoll woman eyed Tkrn and his ears flattened. But Klbkch spoke crisply.
