6.61 L
Page 4
“Miss Solstice is a good cook. But she’s hardly an expert. She can fry an egg almost perfectly. But I don’t believe she knows her way around seasonings. Stop giving me that look. Ask Miss Lasica for her eggs and you’ll know what I mean. I’m not being disparaging. Just honest.”
Mrsha turned up her nose. Erin winced. She patted Mrsha’s head soothingly.
“Don’t be upset, Mrsha. Grimalkin’s just honest. Like a pan across the back of the head.”
“I try not to twist the truth just to stroke other people’s ego. We should understand our capabilities and limitations realistically, Miss Solstice.”
“Miss Erin, the bird is ready for cooking.”
Ishkr poked his head out of the kitchen before Erin could reply. She looked up and turned to Bird.
“How much do you want, Bird?”
Bird waved a hand eagerly.
“I would like the bird, please, Erin. And two unborn birds.”
Grimalkin paused, his mouth full of a boiled egg. Erin blinked at Bird.
“But you already had breakfast, Bird. You want to eat the entire…bird?”
He nodded seriously.
“I desire to be spoiled greatly. Please assist me in this endeavor. I believe Mrsha would also like spoiling if there is enough to be shared.”
The Gnoll cub brightened up. Erin frowned.
“Well—maybe a bit for Mrsha. And I guess since you’re still back, you can have as much as you want. What am I saying? If you don’t throw it up, you can have all you can eat, Bird! I’ve never seen a fat Antinium. Except for your Queen.”
“She is very fat. Yay. Yay!”
Bird’s voice rose along with his hands as he threw all four up. Giggling, Mrsha copied him. Erin laughed in delight.
“Bird, you’re so silly! Even more than I remember! Were you always like this?”
“Silly?”
“Yeah. Why’re you so silly and not serious like all the other Workers?”
Erin meant it as a joke, but Bird took it seriously. He tilted his head thoughtfully and then replied.
“Of course I am silly, Erin. And I must be silly, not seriously happy or fun, but dignified. If it was not good and fun to be silly, and if silly was not silly, I would not be.”
For a second Erin and Mrsha stared at him. That almost made sense this time. At last, Erin got up.
“Okay, you win. Bird for Bird! I’ll be back in a few minutes. Grimalkin—”
“I will be here. We’ll continue our conversation when you return. Will you send a pitcher of water to the table?”
“Done!”
Erin left. Grimalkin got his water and drank half the pitcher in one go, pouring it into a cup and downing it to Mrsha’s amazement. He was explaining the benefits of proper water consumption and the dangers of overconsumption when Erin came back out. She’d diced the bird into cubes and scrambled some eggs into the dish. And seasoned it! She pointed out the red pepper flakes, the onions, and other seasonings to Grimalkin. He just shrugged.
Mrsha wagged her tail as Erin gave her a teensy portion and Bird got the rest. He happily began shoveling the food into his mouth; it was a mound of meat. Mrsha tried to make her portion last; Bird let no one steal his food if it was made out of bird. She chewed one soft cube happily as Erin turned back to Grimalkin.
“Bird, I take it back. That’s a lot of meat. I left half of the bird in the kitchen if you’re still hungry, but I don’t want you spoiling lunch! You can eat it later if you want. Now, Grimalkin, you were talking about Wistram.”
