6.61 L
Page 24
“Even if we sounded an alarm after retreating, we would have no time to pursue Mister Soot and his associates. By now, they will have vacated the room and left us no trace.”
“How did you know they were there, Klbkch?”
Tkrn looked at Klbkch. The Antinium turned his head.
“I had a piece of information, Tkrn. But we are wasting time. To Miss Saucy’s. Relc and I will find Bearclaw another day.”
“Could you take her?”
The Gnolls followed Klbkch. The Antinium looked back at Tkrn and nodded.
“I would not wish to place you two in danger. Mister Soot is also armed. The situation did not favor us. That was all.”
Jerci’s eyes went wide. She stared as Klbkch walked faster, leading the way to Saucy’s Bar, a place Tkrn knew fairly well. The Gnoll whispered to Jerci.
“He’s the best [Swordsman] in the city. Even better than Jeiss is with his blade.”
“Guardsman Tkrn, gossip is frowned upon.”
“Sorry.”
 
—-
 
Saucy’s Bar was another test for Klbkch’s patrol. It was a dive, and it could have held any number of people who wouldn’t be fans of the Watch. So Klbkch ordered the Gnolls to stay outside with instructions to blow their whistles if they heard a commotion.
“I can’t believe he’s going in alone. Is he crazy?”
“He normally goes into places with Relc. They could tear this bar apart together.”
But alone? Tkrn had to admit, he wasn’t sure if Klbkch was insane. He listened, hearing Klbkch’s voice from within and a flustered female Drake. Saucy herself. But there was no fight. Klbkch walked out five minutes later.
“I have a name and a location. Reric Feltpaw. He lives nearby. He entered this bar fifteen minutes ago and attempted to locate a buyer for the flowers he stole from Miss Solstice.”
“Wait, he did? But that’s so stupid.”
Klbkch shrugged slightly.
“It appeared to be a spur of the moment theft. This [Thief] was also unprepared to make his sale. Intriguingly, we may have prevented said sale by encountering Mister Soot; he is the nearest [Fence] capable of taking the goods.”
“And he sold this [Thief] out rather than get involved himself.”
Jerci’s eyes widened in comprehension. Tkrn nodded, spelling out the rest.
“Especially because Bearclaw would have started a fight and he’d have been arrested on attempted murder charges.”
“Exactly. Our fortune was in locating Mister Soot after losing the trail, Junior Guardswoman Jerci. Had Relc and I been in pursuit, he would have attempted to succeed in the foot chase and we would have confronted Bearclaw. But in regular patrols, I would caution you to avoid such situations without a superiority of force. This is a representation of Watch work, not an example to be followed. Is that clear?”
“As glass, Senior Guardsman. What do we do now?”
Jerci smiled, relaxing at last. Klbkch opened his mandibles and raised them slightly.
“Now? We apprehend the criminal.”
 
—-
 
The door to Reric’s apartment was closed and locked. Tkrn shrugged; he could hear movement inside. No doubt he was being smelled and heard from within. He took a deep breath, then pounded on the door.
“This is the Watch! Open up!”
He heard a sound, an indrawn breath, and then flurried movement. Tkrn stepped back, ready for the door to burst open. But Reric didn’t come out the front.
He went out the window. There was no crash of glass. In fact the Gnoll quickly and quietly slipped out the window into the alleyway, neatly evading Tkrn—
And running into Jerci and Klbkch, who were poised at the alleyway. The [Thief] saw Jerci’s as she sprang out and dodged around her with an oath. Klbkch stuck out a foot and Reric went flying.
