6.61 L
Page 27
They began to walk together. Tkrn found himself talking to Jerci. She was still snappish, but she was asking questions now, all the ones he remembered wanting to ask. Most were familiar and she ended up taking her ear piercing out, but then she threw a new one at him.
“What about the inn? The inn. Everyone tells me there’s special protocols I should follow.”
Tkrn blinked. Then he grinned. He shook his head. Jerci looked suspiciously at him.
“What’s so funny?”
“That’s just a joke they play on the rookies. There’s no special protocol. She’s just…Erin, yeah? You see that Human do anything, you call it in. And no one goes to the inn without a full squad’s worth of support if there’s trouble. Usually we just send Relc in. With that said, there’s lots of competition for patrolling the area around the inn so we won’t be able to get that slot.”
“Why?”
“Free. Food.”
“Oh.”
“You and I should go to the inn after your patrol ends. You’re new, so she’ll give you something on the house. If you ask right, and it’s not Lyonette, she might even give you something to take back and share with your friends or family.”
Jerci brightened.
“Really? I hear it’s expensive.”
“For some of it, like ice cream, yeah. But regular food is good and cheap. And there are plays. Want to go?”
“I—sure. Hey. Listen. Everyone’s talking about it, but no one has the full story. So—can I ask what really happened in the prison?”
Tkrn hesitated and his stomach twisted as Jerci looked at him. But it was the question he had to answer. No, one he wanted to answer. And no one had asked until now. He took a deep breath.
“What really happened? Short is I screwed up, no? I mean, yeah? Long of it is hard.”
“Well, we’ve got a patrol. Tell me. It was about the Minotaur, right? And the Raskghar.”
“Yeah. All the old Gnolls are really upset about them. And I—I made a mistake. Because I was listening to them and I didn’t behave like a [Guardsman] should. What happened was this.”
Tkrn began to speak as they walked along. It hurt, like plucking a thorn, but the pain was cathartic. He saw Jerci glancing at him, listening. Judging, but listening. Tkrn walked through Liscor, listening to the city about him, and wondered what crazy thing that Human would do next. But then, Erin wasn’t all of Liscor. Bearclaw, Klbkch, the Watch—there was more to life than her. She just made things even more interesting.
Tkrn exhaled. And he felt a bit better.
 

