6.61 L
Page 8
“In that case, I’ll continue my work. If you have any need of our assistance, let us know.”
Olesm nodded stiffly. He accompanied Montressa down the steps and saw her off at street-level. She knew he was watching her back as he left—and a few [Guards] were tailing her as she walked down the street. Montressa tried not to grimace as she rejoined her team. Isceil was there, wearing a surly look.
“Well?”
“I did the inspection. I made my recommendations. That’s it. They don’t like us, but at least we’re still allowed to do our consultation work.”
“For free.”
The [Oldblood Magus] growled as he walked with Montressa. The young woman sighed.
“We don’t charge for inspections, Isceil. We’re trying to generate some goodwill, which is why I didn’t take you on the walls. Are you done with business for the day?”
“Nearly. I’m preparing the gift now.”
“Did you do much business?”
“Some. A bit of gold. But there aren’t many Oldbloods in the city, so I don’t have much to earn. Bezale’s still down selling her scrolls. Ulinde’s gone off and Palt’s selling his…stuff.”
“I told him not to! The Watch will come down on him like—we’re not causing more trouble!”
Montressa glared. Isceil raised his claws.
“He says he’s just sticking to legal stuff. He checked with the Watch. Don’t bite my tail off!”
Glowering, Montressa kept walking.
“Let’s find Beza. I have to fix two wards today. If you help, I’ll give you a quarter of the fee.”
“I might. How bad is it?”
“Broken runes. Spell burnt through part of a matrix. It’ll take like an hour to fix both if we work together, I think.”
“Hmpf. How much do I get?”
“One gold coin and two silver?”
“Pass.”
Montressa sighed again. That was good money! But not for a [Mage] from Wistram for an hour’s work. Today was business for the Wistram team, which meant they all had something to sell. Their services. If you were specialized—or just knew a bunch of spells most [Mages] were incapable of—you could make good money wherever you went.
Each had something to sell, but not all of Montressa’s team made the same amount of money. She was an expert in wards and protective spells, so her income was steady, low, and predictable. Montressa fixed things. Most spells, be they wards, runes, or any sort of enchantment, like the ones on Liscor’s very walls, would degrade over time.
Montressa wasn’t good enough to fix Liscor’s walls, but she could mend most common wards. It was a common practice for Wistram [Mages] stopping by a city, and people had sought her out as soon as they’d known she was offering the service; she might be the only able [Mage] they’d see in half a year, or the entire year.
“At least they’re going to see us, despite the incident with the Watch. Drakes take that seriously.”
Isceil offered the first positive comment in two days. Montressa glanced at him. She felt as annoyed and angry as he seemed. She tried to erase the expression from her face. Make a good impression.
That was part of the strictly-worded orders she’d had from the Revivalist faction. They’d bailed Montressa and her team out of their trouble, but the [Mages] were in hot water back at the academy. It was part of why Montressa was charging low for her services and trying to be pleasant to Liscor’s inhabitants. She nodded to Isceil gratefully.
“True. And your remedies for the Oldbloods have to help. How were your customers?”
The Drake’s indignant posture unstiffened a bit. He nodded at Montressa.
