6.61 L
Page 23
She slammed the door. Tkrn exhaled, looking at Klbkch. The Antinium glanced back. He nodded at Jerci, who looked very nervous.
“My assumption was inaccurate. I would have called for backup if I was aware of Miss Bearclaw, Junior Guardswoman.”
“Yes, Senior Guardsman? Should we—”
The door thrust open. Bearclaw loomed again, but bereft of the metal knuckles. It didn’t fill Tkrn with comfort, but a Drake was standing behind her. Tkrn recognized the Drake.
“Mister Soot.”
Klbkch greeted one of the city’s more notorious [Fences]. The ashy-scaled Drake glared at him.
“Senior Guardsman Klbkch, we’ve done nothing wrong. We’re just having a civilized meeting. What do you want?”
“Simply an inquiry. Something was stolen at The Wandering Inn thirty minutes ago. A Gnoll [Thief], blonde fur, young. We would like to know where he is.”
“What’d he steal?”
Bearclaw grinned, exposing her teeth behind Mister Soot. The Drake nudged her, then he smiled unconvincingly at Klbkch.
“I’m certain I have no idea where the [Thief]—”
“Mister Soot. Any help you would be willing to give our investigation would be welcome. Lies are a waste of time.”
“I’m certain—”
“If I am not satisfied with my answer, I may find a reason to enter your abode and look around. Purely on the grounds of furthering my investigation.”
Bearclaw’s grin turned into a snarl of alarm. Mister Soot paused. He stared at Klbkch and then at Tkrn and Jerci. The Antinium lowered his hands a tiny bit towards his sword hilts. The Drake inhaled, and then snapped.
“Alright, alright! You didn’t hear it from me. Where’d you lose him?”
“Thericiam Avenue.”
Tkrn breathed. Mister Soot glared at him. His eyes lids flickered.
“Try Saucy’s Bar. That’s all I know. Is that enough?”
“Yes.”
“Then get l—”
The huge Gnoll slammed the door before Tkrn heard the rest. Jerci and Tkrn winced, and Klbkch stepped back. He looked at them.
“Saucy’s Bar?”
“Saucy, the Drake owner?”
“Ah, of course. Miss Saurisi. Very well, patrol, with me. Guardswoman Jerci, don’t look back over your shoulder.”
Klbkch strode down the street. Tkrn was only too happy to follow. His [Dangersense] was going off. Indeed, Klbkch wasted no time. When they were six streets away he paused and turned to them.
“That was an error on my part, Guardswoman Jerci. I did not intend to take you into such a dangerous encounter. I had assumed Mister Soot was meeting with his associates. I was unfamiliar with this Miss Bearclaw. Guardsman Tkrn, did you take note of her scent?”
“Yes, Senior Guardsman. I have it.”
Tkrn rubbed his nose. Klbkch nodded briskly. At this point the young Gnoll burst out.
“What was that back there, Senior Guardsman?”
She was shaking with nerves. Jerci looked at both [Guards]. Klbkch’s head turned to Tkrn.
“This is speculation, but I believe Mister Soot was welcoming Bearclaw into Liscor. I would mark her as a wanted criminal. Would you agree, Guardsman Tkrn?”
“Oh yes. She looks like a Plains Gnoll. Criminal. Did you see her scars?”
“Indeed. It was my miscalculation and I placed both of you in danger. Had Senior Guardsman Relc been with me, we would have attempted to question or apprehend Bearclaw over pursuit of the [Thief]. Given your presence, I decided to pursue the safer lead. We will begin investigation of Bearclaw at once, however, upon our return to the Watch barracks.”
Jerci gulped. She was beginning to realize how close they’d come to a fight.
“W—should we have called for backup?”
“Right there? With two Gnolls? They’d have gutted us before a patrol got here.”
Klbkch nodded.
