6.61 L
Page 12
“Miss Shivertail is a valued client. And I’m afraid I can’t consider the possibility of business, Miss Bezale. I do wish you a good day! But if you’ll excuse me…”
He ushered the three [Mages] away from his cart. Bezale stepped back. Isceil looked at Montressa, shock written across his face. The [Aegiscaster] felt it herself.
“The Heartflame Breastplate? And that—she had it? The one who was screaming at us?”
“I wanted to see it. I heard you could rent it! My faction wanted to see if she’d consider any offer for it…Archmage Naili is not going to be happy.”
“And I’m out hundreds of gold pieces! Possibly thousands! Damn, damn—”
Beza stomped back to her stall, furious. She whirled as her friends followed her.
“That [Necromancer] has been nothing but trouble, Montressa!”
“You knew we were going after him! Don’t blame me!”
“We should have contacted the Watch!”
“That’s what I—”
Isceil faltered as Beza and Montressa glared at him. He raised his claws in a conciliatory manner.
“Okay, look. We all made mistakes. But what are we going to do? We can’t go after that Pisces in the city—”
Montressa wove a [Hush] spell around them. She glared, turning her head in case one of the [Guards] could read lips.
“We’re going after him, Isceil. And we’ll get him. He won’t stay in Liscor forever. We grab him, and we get the door and Miss Solstice. Those are our orders.”
“We do that and the City Watch will be all over us. And that damn Drake with the spear’s dangerous. I don’t agree that kidnapping her is in our best interests, Montressa.”
Beza folded her arms. Montressa glared up at her.
“How would you do it?”
“Get the [Necromancer] outside the city. That’s simple. Liscor can’t force us to give him back. The Academy will back us on that. Convince Miss Solstice to come with us.”
“Fat chance of that. That damn Human fleshbag threw curry in my eyes! Do you have any idea how much it hurts? I’m with Montressa, let’s kidnap her.”
“You want to try that with Grimalkin of Pallass around?”
The [Mages] fell silent. Montressa glared, clenching her fists.
“We’re getting Pisces. Agreed?”
Beza and Isceil nodded. Montressa took a breath.
“In that case, we’ll debate how to go about Miss Solstice. But the Horns of Hammerad are easier. When they leave Liscor’s jurisdiction, they’re fair game. And guess what? I heard they’re working a job in the Bloodfields.”
Beza’s brows rose.
“Really?”
“Oh yes. In fact, they’re doing the job for Liscor.”
“We can’t go after them there! That’s just as bad, Montressa.”
Isceil argued. Montressa looked at him.
“Of course I agree with that. But they’ll be away from the inn. So if we had a plan—”
She looked at the other two. Beza frowned, eying her waiting customers.
“We’re debating this. Palt and Ulinde will have something to say. It’s all so damn complex. Excuse me! I’m sorry for the delay. One minute please!”
She poked her head out of the magical veil of silence. Isceil frowned.
“Beza’s right. It’s hard. The Bloodfields. Well, I’ve always wanted to see them. How dangerous is this job the adventurers are taking, Montressa?”
“Just escort. I’m going to ask more tonight. But I want to consider it. Or even…well, we’ll talk it over. Where’s Palt and Ulinde?”
“He ran off. Still blubbering about the Halfseekers. As for Palt? You know him. He finds his customers in alleyways.”
Montressa frowned, still worried.
“Just so long as he doesn’t get arrested.”
“Him? Never.”
 
—-
 
