6.61 L
Page 18
“Right. But why are you doing it?”
“Because I have to. Look, it’s fine. Palt says he’ll come—”
“If I can smoke one of the flowers. Just one.”
“—and Bird. And I’ll be safe! You can go to the Adventurer’s Guild—or Drassi. We’ll put the flower boxes upstairs for now and—”
“Just call the Watch. You don’t have to do this yourself and make a huge…”
“Erin Solstice!”
Lyonette’s second shout stopped Erin again. Lyonette fixed Erin with a look as Erin looked up.
“Erin, this isn’t your job. Call the Watch. Don’t go out and start trouble with…this!”
The younger woman waved at the potions on the table, the frying pan, kitchen knives, acid jar…
The [Innkeeper] paused. She stared at Lyonette. And a metaphorical light bulb went off behind her eyes.
“Oh. I forgot I could do that.”
Lyonette sighed. But she nodded in relief.
“Okay. Ishkr? Go find a [Guard]. Everyone else? Back to your seats! I’ll move the flower beds upstairs.”
Everyone stared at her. The guests sighed. Someone muttered from the back.
“This inn’s no fun anymore.”
“I heard that!”
 
—-
 
“There has been a crime committed in the establishment known as The Wandering Inn. A [Thief] has stolen an item of indeterminate value—golden flowers which are suspected of magical properties. Estimated value per flower may be as high as two hundred individual pieces. The [Thief] is Gnollish, young, male, light blonde fur. He has a seven minute lead and his threat rating is deemed negligible. As Senior Guardsman, you two will follow me, with additional reinforcement if necessary, is any of this unclear?”
Klbkch turned and regarded the two Gnoll [Guards] standing before him. Tkrn and a female Gnoll, both members of Liscor’s City Watch, shook their heads. Klbkch spoke crisply as Erin hovered behind him.
“In that case, we will begin our pursuit. Rest assured, Miss Solstice, we will do our utmost to recover your stolen goods.”
He nodded to the [Innkeeper]. She smiled, looking relieved.
“Thanks, Klbkch! Mrsha says she can smell the flowers. She thinks she can track the trail. If you need to—”
“Rest assured, Miss Erin. The Watch has ample ability to track the quarry ourselves. This is not a matter in which we would endanger civilians.”
Klbkch gestured at the two Gnolls. Erin nodded.
“Okay. Cool?”
She looked like she wanted to follow the Watch as they marched out of the inn. Tkrn was just relieved she hadn’t noticed it was him. The Gnoll’s ears were flat; Mrsha had been staring at him when he’d reported to the scene of the crime. The worst part was that she’d looked afraid, not angry.
“This is your second week on the job, is it not, Junior Guardswoman Jerci?”
The Antinium addressed the female Gnoll as they emerged onto the street in Liscor’s city. The female Gnoll jumped and glanced up at the Antinium. Warily; that showed she was new. She had an earring in her right ear and she’d dyed her fur black, creating artful slashes down one arm.
None of that was against Watch regulations, but it definitely made her look young; no one who served in the Watch long bothered with dyes since it would just get messed up. And the earring would catch in a fight. Tkrn would have warned this female Gnoll, but—he hesitated as she snapped a salute.
“Yes, Senior Guardsman Klbkch. I just completed my mandatory training, sir!”
She stared down at the Antinium, clearly uneasy at working with him. Not afraid; Jerci was clearly a native of Liscor, but it was one thing to know the Antinium were in your city, and another to interact with one.
