6.61 L
Page 26
“Is that all, Beilmark? I must sign out; my shift is ending.”
“Oh, that’s all, Klbkch. I’ll take this to the Captain. She’s not going to be pleased about this.”
“Is her mood that much worse than usual?”
Klbkch was undoing his Watch armor. Beilmark grinned, familiar with him.
“One of the Wistram [Mages] came by. The Human, with a gift for the Watch Captain.”
“Ah. Well, perhaps the knowledge that this Bearclaw is linked to Mister Soot will calm her. He would be implicated with her crimes if the link can be found.”
“That’d make my day. What was the meeting about?”
“Arming his associates with wands. And some of the illicit substances imported by Palt the Centaur. Dreamleaf. Not worth pursuing.”
“You sure we can’t get him for that?”
Klbkch paused and shook his head.
“The Watch Captain will not wish to fight Wistram over the issue. I would keep it between us.”
Beilmark sighed.
“Go on, then.”
Klbkch returned to Jerci and Tkrn. The female Gnoll was staring at him, and she jumped to attention as he addressed her.
“Guardswoman Jerci, do you believe this patrol was instructional?”
“Yes, sir! I learned a lot!”
She bared her teeth in a Gnoll’s grin. Klbkch smiled slightly, then looked past her.
“Good. And in the future, Junior Guardswoman Jerci, your companion, Junior Guardsman Tkrn, would be more competent than I in law enforcement as it pertains to Gnolls. He has served in the Watch for over a year and two months. You may ask him about such details on your patrol. The Market Street patrol, Guardsman Tkrn.”
It was one of the easier patrols, where the worst was [Pickpockets], arguments, and petty theft. But Tkrn stared at Klbkch along with Jerci.
“Patrol? But Senior Guardsman, two Junior Guards can’t patrol by themselves…”
The Antinium shook his head. Beilmark was looking up from her desk, and Klbkch raised his voice, addressing the Watch in the barracks as he stared at Tkrn.
“Junior Guardsman Tkrn. Your demotion does not affect your competence. Watch Captain Zevara had found issue with your understanding of the ethics of your duties, not your ability to carry out orders. Continue your patrol. I must sign out.”
“Thanks.”
Tkrn whispered the word. Klbkch nodded at him and returned to the desk to fill out his name and time. Tkrn stepped back and looked at Beilmark. She raised her eyebrows and waved him out.
Klbkch strode out of the Watch barracks, done with his shift. Jerci and Tkrn followed. And that was it. He hadn’t said a word about the jail incident like Beilmark and Jeiss had. Or…anyone else. Tkrn stared longingly at Klbkch’s back. He’d even stood up for Tkrn.
Jerci looked just as impressed. She followed Tkrn as he walked down the street, nodding to people who called out to him. She was so distracted she forgot herself and spoke to him.
“Wow. I thought he was supposed to be part of the worst Senior Guard pairing in the city.”
Tkrn grinned absently.
“That’s Relc you’re thinking of. It’s because Klbkch is his partner that they work. And to be fair, they’re the best at taking down dangerous problems. That’s normally how they’re assigned. Relc’s like…the Watch’s not-so-secret weapon.”
He saw her glance sideways at him, and then bare her teeth in a challenge. Tkrn’s heart sank, but then Jerci jerked her head towards the street.
“Well? You’re my senior. Explain things since we have to patrol together.”
