6.61 L
Page 10
They could hear Beza’s impatient voice haggling with a [Merchant] before they even saw her. The Minotauress had been selling her products all day and yesterday—to [Merchants] and [Traders] more than pedestrians. She was a [Spellscribe] and her scrolls were in high-demand. They were single-use spells anyone could activate.
The only thing that kept everyone from having scrolls was how expensive even a single one was. Montressa eyed the gold the [Merchant] reluctantly passed over. Isceil snorted.
“A gold piece for a [Light] scroll? You’ve got to be pulling my tail!”
“It’s nearly that just to make one. Beza’s got to use magical ink and the parchment has to be the right quality too.”
“Even so, who’s buying one of those?”
“Anyone who wants a pretty [Light] like that.”
Montressa nodded to the [Light] spell that Beza was showing around. It was a pretty prism made up of different colors of light all joined together, slowly rotating around in the palm of her hand. Isceil raised his brows.
“What’s that for? Dinner parties?”
“Something for the rich. And it does look good. I wonder how she figured out that design?”
“Probably traded it for a few secrets back in Wistram. Hey, Beza! You done?”
The Minotauress was noting down the order on a piece of paper. She looked up and nodded to Montressa and Isceil.
“You two. I’m up to my horns in orders; I’ll be here a while still. Did the City Watch let you onto the walls, Montressa?”
“Barely. How’s business?”
“I’m making money. People don’t get many scrolls here, so my stock of low-level spells and convenience spells is all sold out and I’m backlogged for the next three days. My higher-tier scrolls on the other hand…I had a buyer, but he’s not taking any!”
Beza waved a disgusted hand at part of the stall she’d set up. There was a small rack of scrolls the Minotauress watched like a hawk, and a [Trader] perusing them with interest. A few adventurers were also present, murmuring and checking their coin purses as they debated.
Montressa recognized the different auras of bound magic in the scrolls. Few people were interested in the combat-variety of scrolls Beza had to offer, but that was what the [Spellscribe] specialized in.
“You seem like you have a good number of adventurers.”
“They buy one or two scrolls, tops. Even Gold-ranks. I sold a bit, but I want a big order. But the one [Merchant] who’ll buy from me, won’t. He’s over there.”
She pointed. Montressa looked past a wagon at a [Merchant] who was attending to his own wares. He was eying Beza’s selection, but he hadn’t come over.
“What’s the problem?”
“I don’t know. I’m going to ask. Watch my stall for me?”
“What if I have to sell something?”
“Sell it!”
Beza thrust her bag of holding at Isceil. He swore and pushed his own into her hands.
“Don’t do that! You know someone can’t have two bags of holding at the same time!”
“Quit whining. The holding enchantments won’t react that fast.”
“You want to risk it? Because every time you do that, we risk all imploding—”
Montressa slapped a hand over Isceil’s mouth as Beza strode away. The [Trader] gave her a wide-eyed look and edged backwards. Montressa followed Beza as the Minotauress strode over to the [Merchant].
Even in business, Beza was straightforward, but she adopted a somewhat humble manner. Which meant she didn’t grab the [Merchant] by the collar, but instead stopped and nodded brusquely at him.
“Merchant Farri Slightly? My name is Bezale of Maweil. I am a [Spellscribe], a graduate of Wistram. I notice you haven’t come over to inspect my wares. Is something holding you back?”
