6.61 L
Page 9
“Grateful. They always are. It was mainly just medication for their problems. A Frostling needed a warming tonic; scale rot on some of the old Drakes. A few have bad symptoms, like the Drake you met who kept wheezing. I sorted them out.”
Montressa nodded, genuinely curious. Isceil was an [Oldblood Magus], so his specialization was in the powers of his species. He had no wings, but he’d been born with the ability to breathe frost, a breath attack courtesy of his Dragon-heritage. She knew it made his body temperature lower than normal, and she’d seen him walking about in winter with barely any clothes on. But the same symptoms meant he couldn’t handle heat well without cooling himself. And other Drakes experienced even more drastic symptoms.
“Is it all due to them having Oldblood traits?”
“Some of it is. Shortness of breath, coughing—that’s generally some form of dragonbreath gone wrong. Some people don’t even know they have the problem. But scale rot’s general; you just get that when you get older. The really bad stuff is when dragonbreath goes out of control. That’s how you get Scorchlings or Frostlings like that kid. They heat up or get too cold and they don’t have the resistance you’re supposed to have.”
“So what happens?”
“They get frostbite. Or their scales burn off them. It’s better if there’s someone like me around, but we can’t fix too much. At my level, anyways.”
Isceil kicked across the street, looking upset and muttering. Montressa nodded.
“What happens if it’s lightning? Or acid? Sorry, am I asking…?”
“Yeah. What happens with lightning is they have heart attacks. Or they have fits. And acid? Their stomach melts. Best case is they have ulcers. Worst case is that the baby in the mother dissolves and takes her with it, Montressa.”
Isceil glared at her. The [Aegiscaster] raised her hands. She’d put her staff and lightning orb away; it seemed provocative.
“I’m sorry. I know it’s serious.”
The Drake calmed down after a few more seconds of walking. He muttered as he felt in his bag of holding.
“It’s fine. Non-Drakes don’t know about it. Sorry I snapped. Anyways, I got most of the bad ones; anyone who’s been alive this long knows to seek me out. I’ll see if anyone else is waiting. But I have that tonic for the Watch Captain.”
“Zevara. I’ll deliver it to her if you don’t want to.”
Isceil nodded and handed her the potion. It was sealed in a dark flask; it must be light-sensitive, Montressa guessed.
“She hates my guts. The instructions are right there; she’ll know how to use it.”
“What’s her problem? Coughing?”
“Bad lungs. She can breathe fire, but her lungs can’t take the smoke she’s generating.”
Montressa shuddered.
“Yeah. I’ll get it to her. Where’d Beza say she was setting up?”
“Trader’s End. This way.”
The two [Mages] found the Minotauress at work in the busy street full of [Merchants]. Unlike Ulinde and Montressa, the other three [Mages], Isceil, Beza, and Palt, were all specialists whose craft meant they had products they could sell.
By now, Montressa had stopped at a few dozen settlements while travelling to Liscor, and she knew how much all of her friends made. Isceil had been virtually cut off from any income while coming south, aside from doing generalist work, but Beza and Palt had made money. And of the two, Beza made the most.
“Twenty [Light] scrolls, then. Look, they’re cheap so I’m giving you them practically at a loss. They’re not worth the parchment they’re made on! This is what the light spell looks like—that’s what you get. I’ll have them by tonight. But I’m not making sixty of them!”
