6.61 L
Page 15
“Saffron. Cinnamon. Nali-sticks. Some turmeric…I thought it’d be a small addition to your kitchen.”
“What? Saffron? What’s nali?”
Erin’s aggrieved expression turned to one of curiosity. Palt quickly explained, his heart beating faster. He finished with presenting the bundle to her in a flourish.
“It’s just a small gift. A small apology! From me, on behalf of my friends, but mainly me. May I at least stand in your inn?”
He looked entreatingly at Erin. She frowned, her mouth open.
“I—you can’t buy me off! I’m not forgiving you for what you did to Selys and the Horns—”
“Not at all, Miss Erin. Not at all. I take full responsibility. If they come in, I’ll leave. But can we speak? We’ve gotten off on the wrong hoof. I disagree with Montressa going after your friend without alerting the Watch or talking it over. She was sure he’d run for it—and she’s afraid of him. Terrified. We talked about the nightmares?”
“Yes. Yes we did.”
Erin narrowed her eyes at him. But Palt was hopeful; she’d sought him out the first time. After a moment, she jerked her head to the kitchen.
“Come on. You can put the spices in there. That’s a lot of saffron. Isn’t it expensive?”
It was a lot. Palt’s heart sank when he realized Erin had no idea how much the gift was worth. Then again, maybe that helped. He trotted after her, trying to be affable. He wished he could smoke, but she had a Gnoll cub and they were sensitive to smoke. She was sniffing at him with curiosity; she probably smelled all kinds of things on him, despite his spells.
“It’s a bit. But I know good spices are hard to get around Liscor. It’s from my own stash, Miss Solstice. I carry a lot of…herbs.”
“I bet you do. But you can’t smoke saffron, can you?”
Oh, my dear Human, if only you knew the things I’ll smoke. Palt kept his face straight.
“That’s not generally how I use it. But I’m a bit of a [Cook]—amateur, only six levels. Where should I put it?”
“Over there. And if you turn invisible again, I’m throwing a pan next time.”
“Duly noted. I apologize again.”
“And you are leaving if the Horns come in. Or Selys. Or Seborn and Moore. But you can sit at a table. Do you—do Centaurs have chairs?”
Palt frowned.
“Not generally, no. I’ll sit on cushions or the ground. Thank you for your hospitality, Miss Solstice.”
She eyed him up and down.
“I wouldn’t give you any, but Wistram’s trying to bully Pisces. Or get him killed. So we’ll talk. You’re the only [Mage] I’ll talk to out of your stupid team.”
The Centaur heaved a sigh of relief. Success! He followed Erin to a table and sat down with her. He was going to be the most charming, helpful, and friendly he could be. He spread his hands.
“Anything you want, Miss Solstice. I’d like to solve this myself. If you have any questions, to begin with—”
He stopped and stared as something buzzed past his head. Palt’s head ducked so fast he nearly slammed it on the table.
“Miss Solstice! There’s a huge bee in your inn!”
“What? Oh, that’s just Apista.”
“An Ashfire Bee?”
Palt stared at Erin in horror. He looked at the bee, noting the enhanced stinger on its backside. No one he’d talked to had warned him about that! He shouldn’t even be surprised, but he eyed it nervously.
“Don’t worry about it! She’s a pet. One of my [Barmaids] owns her. See?”
The Ashfire Bee landed by a window, on a box of flowers. Palt nodded shakily. He turned back to Erin, trying to collect himself—
