6.61 L
Page 11
The [Merchant] looked up at Bezale and smiled. Politely, Montressa, thought. He held out a hand and took the Minotauress’ crushing grip with barely a wince.
“Miss Bezale! It is a pleasure. I regret to say that I’m not in the market for your scrolls at the moment. I do know of you; my contacts spoke of your scrolls, quite glowingly. One can never have too many [Stoneskin] and [Haste] scrolls and they sell like mad among adventurers.”
The Minotauress gave him a mystified nod. She was quite proud of the scrolls; even in Wistram, scroll scribing was a rarer specialization. And it was hard for most [Mages] to scribe a higher-Tier spell. Generally, the thought was that you had to be capable of casting two tiers higher than the spell you wanted to scribe; it was why Tier 5+ scrolls were rare as could be. Montressa was curious why this [Merchant] wouldn’t have jumped at the opportunity to do business as well.
“Exactly! And I have more spells on offer too. Tier 4 scrolls! You won’t have an opportunity like this any time soon. We can do business, unless there’s a problem?”
The man didn’t look poor if all the auras coming from his cart were any indication. Farri smiled, but again with that reserve and spread his hands apologetically.
“Mage Bezale, I must confess, I’m in a tricky position. I had every intention of placing a large order with you, but I’m afraid recent events have forced me to rethink the opportunity.”
Beza’s jaw worked for a second and she glanced at Montressa.
“May I ask why?”
“It really is a personal matter, Miss Bezale. I wouldn’t wish to—”
Farri caught himself.
“Actually, I think it would be fair to say. I’m certain my client would wish you to know. And it is a client that I don’t wish to offend, Miss Bezale. And Lady du Valeross, is it?”
He bowed to Montressa. She nodded at him, confused. But she had a sinking feeling.
“That’s correct. Who is your client?”
The [Merchant] gave her a larger grin.
“Ah, well, she’s new to her money, but I value my relationship with her. I have no doubt she’ll be a valuable customer in years to come, and I wouldn’t want to offend her in any way. And I’m led to believe she would be very upset at my doing business with Miss Bezale here.”
“And your client’s name is…?”
“Miss Selys Shivertail. Owner of the Heartflame Breastplate. I…understand you had an altercation with her?”
Farri leaned against the side of his wagon. It was a bit unprofessional, but there was a glint in his eyes that told Montressa that she wouldn’t be shopping at his cart. Beza wavered.
“Wait. She was the Drake…?”
“Did someone say the Heartflame Breastplate? I’ve been dying to take a look at it! It’s here, in Liscor, right?”
Isceil appeared next to them, tail wagging eagerly. Montressa felt a lump in her stomach. She turned to Isceil.
“Uh—Isceil. Remember the Drake that Palt uh—remember her? Turns out that was the owner of the Heartflame Breastplate.”
“And the niece of Zel Shivertail. And the granddaughter of the Guildmistress of the Adventurer’s Guild.”
Farri threw in helpfully. Beza closed her eyes. Isceil’s tail stopped wagging.
“Her? But she was with that bastard Human—”
“Merchant Farri, we had a reason for the incident in question. And we paid off our fine with the Watch. I am extremely sorry for Miss Shivertail’s involvement, but we were pursuing a wanted criminal. If we can still talk about the possibility of—”
Beza looked desperate, but Farri was just shaking his head.
