6.61 L
Page 14
Now the Centaur decided it was time to wrap things up. Before he announced he was leaving in fifteen minutes he took a huge drag on his spliff. He inhaled the smoke into his lungs, and then exhaled, thinking of a Skill. He blew a cloud of smoke and everyone in a fifteen foot radius shared his vibe. And they were good vibes.
Palt was a [Smoker]. Most people knew classes were more than a casual hobby; your class had to define you in some small way for you to obtain it. You had to want it. Even so, they would have doubted you could make your life revolve around smoking or imbibing substances.
They were wrong, of course. The Centaur did good business after that, waving away the pleas for him to stay. He trotted out of the apartment, telling his clients they had ten minutes before his spells wore off to make themselves scarce. He even used a spell to erase the odors and smoke clinging to fur and scales in the room. Nothing like getting half the people arrested to make a bad name for yourself.
“Let’s see. Nice gold profits. Wonder how Beza made out. I’ve got to get more stuff. I can get more for sure in…Oteslia. Damn. Drake cities suck.”
Palt trotted down the street, heading towards the western gates. His [Guards] still hadn’t caught up with him, and the [Illusionist] enjoyed imagining their irritation. Still, he was mostly thinking about good impressions. He had to make them. Palt was ambitious in his own way, and if he could…
It was a shame Erin Solstice didn’t smoke a thing. Not a thing! She’d refused the bag he’d tried to give to her, kicked him out of the inn for his role in abducting her friends. He couldn’t fault her for that, honestly. But a bit of help would have…helped a lot in making amends.
“Would it be a bad idea to accidentally blow some smoke around? Yes. Probably. That’s a good way to lose all your teeth, Palt.”
The Centaur wasn’t taking Erin Solstice lightly, either. Some of his customers had stories about her. So this time, Palt carefully entered Erin’s inn and watched, invisible and scentless and soundless.
She still noticed him. That was the fascinating thing; he saw her head turn as he followed a pair of laughing young Drakes into the inn. She had to be high-level. Higher than any other Earther. He trotted over to one side, watching.
“Nice inn. Friendly young Human. Why couldn’t we have stopped here first? Dead gods. Let’s see.”
Palt was timing how long it took Erin to locate him. She went back to speaking with the Antinium for a minute, an absent frown on her face. He shuddered, eying the Antinium, but Palt tried not to judge. Friendly. He wanted to be Erin’s friend. He fished in his belt pouch.
Two minutes. After two minutes, Erin Solstice got up and began wandering her inn. She definitely knew something was off. Palt knew he was teaching her to locate him a second time, but he just needed to know how good she was the first time. Just in case. After a minute, she began homing in on him. Before she could figure out more, Palt coughed and sent a [Whisper] towards her.
“Miss Solstice. It’s me. Palt. The Centaur. Can we chat?”
She jumped and her eyes narrowed. Palt appeared in a corner of the room and she stared at him.
“You! You can’t just—”
“Miss Solstice, please! I’m just trying not to be killed the instant I walk in. Which I understand is a possibility. Before you say anything—may I offer you this? It’s a gift, but a better one than last time.”
The Centaur came forwards with something in his hands. Erin blinked down at it.
“What’s this?”
