6.61 L
Page 3
At least now the [Actors] were just setting up. But Mrsha hid behind Bird as he trundled into the living room. There were also more people than usual; word had gotten around and the morning crowd was lively, asking if they could get an earlier performance or if the Players of Celum would be putting on the show multiple times so they could show friends or family.
“Bird! Mrsha!”
And in the inn, there was Erin Solstice. She was attending to the tables, or rather, relaxing with some of her guests while the staff did most of the attending. But she saw Bird and Mrsha and got up. The Worker waved at Erin and presented his somewhat gruesome armful of corpses.
“Hello, Erin. I have come down for food. I would like to eat this bird, please.”
Erin blinked as he waved the Cyprail Grasstalker at her. She looked down at Mrsha and the Gnoll immediately hid behind her legs; she’d spotted the [Actor] who played the crazy Human. She knew it was an act, but she still got nervous. Erin bent down and gave Mrsha a little cuddle, then she stood up.
“No problem, Bird. I’ll have it whipped up in no time! Fried? Maybe. I just have to prepare it. Ew.”
She sighed, eying the bird. Then she brightened.
“Oh, wait! Ishkr! I need you to pluck and gut the bird!”
Ishkr looked up. The Gnoll didn’t sigh or complain. He just trotted over.
“Yes, Miss Erin. Do you want the other birds prepared too?”
“Bird?”
“No. I will put them in my room.”
“Bird. I told you about letting them rot!”
“I…won’t let them rot?”
The Worker turned his head, avoiding Erin’s narrowed eyes. The [Innkeeper] hesitated.
“Just the big, green one, Ishkr. Can you let me know when it’s ready to cook? And keep the feathers! For Bird.”
“Yes, Erin.”
The Gnoll took the bird outside. Erin turned happily back to Bird.
“Come on, Bird. Sit down! And you too, Mrsha. Are you still afraid of Temile? I told you, he’s playing Jack! And you shouldn’t have watched! Do you want Temile to come over? No? Okay, then sit with me.”
She sat down at a table where a huge Drake was eating breakfast. He glanced up over the six eggs and rash of bacon he was eating by himself, but made no comment. He stared longer when Bird sat down. Mrsha patted the table, smelling the air, reassured in Erin’s arms.
The young woman shook her head as Ishkr trotted back in with the plucked bird and a pawful of feathers. He dropped the feathers off at the table and Bird sorted them into one of his belt pouches. Then Ishkr took the bird into the kitchen for further preparation. Erin looked around.
“Did you know that you have to remove the entrails from stuff? Otherwise you get what they ate. Like, bugs and stuff. I had no idea before I started cooking.”
Grimalkin looked up from his seat and gave Erin a look. So did half the Gnolls in the room, including Mrsha. Erin spread her arms innocently.
“I didn’t know! I had this horrible incident where—well, never mind.”
“Miss Solstice, you sound like a Drake from one of the Walled Cities at times. Where did you grow up, exactly?”
The [Sinew Magus] eyed Erin over his breakfast. She waggled a finger at him.
“Aha! Not telling! You’re not getting me so easily, Grimalkin! How’s the food?”
“Decent, thank you. I do appreciate quantity over quality given how much I eat, so your inn is helpful in this regard. And your refusal to answer questions about your home just proves how significant the information is. Thank you.”
Erin paused. Her jaw worked. Mrsha sniffed the eggs indignantly. Decent? Grimalkin noticed her glare.
