6.62 L
Page 23
Alais was checking her staff, electricity running down it. Yvlon sidled away; the [Aeromancer]’s control was poor and her lightning was trying to earth itself on her armor. Pelico grimaced.
“Face-Eater Moths.”
The Drake [Scouts] and the Horns swore. Face-Eater Moths. Not all had died at Liscor. Some had fled. And a group of survivors had set up a colony in the slopes bordering the Bloodfields.
“They have to go. They’re aggressive, too near where we might build the road, and they reproduce fast. We have three Silver-rank teams here. Do we need reinforcements?”
Hissle asked the three Captains. Ceria turned to Pelico. The [Rogue] shrugged.
“I’ve never fought them. How dangerous?”
“Silver-rank threat. Alais is perfect against them, honestly. But they swarm and that’s Gold-rank. How many are there? That depends on whether we can take them.”
Ceria turned to the other [Scout]. The Drake frowned.
“[Foefinder’s Scan]. I’m getting a fairly small colony. About…twenty three adults, but lots of eggs and smaller moths.”
“What do you think, Ceria? Your team had to fight off the ones attacking Liscor.”
Ceria glanced at Yvlon and got a swift nod. The [Cryomancer] turned back.
“Twenty three? I say we’re fine. We can seal the nest, funnel them and kill them. Hissle?”
The [Scout] was writing in his [Message] scroll.
“I will ask for permission, but I agree.”
The adventurer teams waited only five minutes for the go-ahead. Then they began making a plan of attack. None of them got near the caves, but they began outlining who would move first.
“I’ll seal the other openings. I can get at least half, but if the moths swarm out, that might be a problem. Alais, can you control your shock magic?”
“No. It might arc to any metal. My team can stand in front, though.”
Alais grimaced. Pelico nodded.
“My group’ll be in back, then. We all have ranged weapons.”
“Hold on! Twenty moths versus my team? We can’t hold, even if Ceria gets all the tunnels!”
“My team doesn’t have a [Mage] who can do barriers. Just a [Swamp Mage]. She’ll poison our weapons, but that’s not great in a fast fight. She could throw some light poison inside—”
“Can she run fast? Moths are quick. Hey, listen.”
Ceria looked up from the conference. She glanced at Pisces, and then looked around.
“I’ll get my [Mage], Pisces, to help me sealing the tunnels. He can use [Bone Wall]. And as for the moths and the front line with Alais’ team—I say we let Pisces pull up his Bone Horror and put it in front.”
The two adventurer captains stiffened. Alais opened her mouth.
“A Bone Horror? Ceria!”
The half-Elf glared at Alais.
“It’s under his control. If you want to risk your team fighting the first wave of moths, be my guest, Alais. But Yvlon and Ksmvr will guard the flanks, not hold the breach. No one else can get in range of your lightning.”
That was true. Alais bit her lip. Pelico raised his hands.
“Bone Horror’s fine by me. It’s your call, Alais.”
The [Aeromancer] hesitated, but one look at her team and the tunnels made her nod.
“Do it.”
 
—-
 
The adventurers watched as Pisces let bones flow out of his bag of holding.  They shuddered when they saw the Bone Warbear that Pisces summoned. But as it lumbered forwards, Ceria saw even Caddin looked relieved as it took a position in front of them. Desril whistled.
“Fucking hells. Smola couldn’t do that!”
“Everyone ready?”
Pelico called out in a low voice. The three teams nodded. Ceria raised her wand and her bone hand. She was sweating. It was all on her. Pelico gave her the nod. She looked at Pisces. He’d drawn his rapier. Ceria took a breath, and shouted.
“Now!”
