6.62 L
Page 24
The adventurers raced up the slope. Alais’ team was in front, Yvlon and Ksmvr on the sides. Thunder’s Solace crouched low, bracing behind their shields as the Warbear took the largest entrance. Hauntgheist scrambled up rocks, taking positions to fire at the opening.
Ceria ran forwards. She pointed her wand, shouting, as the moths noticed the intruders outside. There was a thrum of wings, sounds from within. The half-Elf pointed.
“[Ice Wall]! [Ice Wall]!”
Ice shot up from the ground, blocking openings in the hillside. It was quick! Grimalkin’s training had paid off, but there were a lot of gaps and the walls had to be thick. Ceria saw Pisces conjuring a wall of bone, but slower than she was. She began sealing entrances, reinforcing the ice. But the first moths were already moving.
One hurled itself against a wall of ice and cracked it before Ceria could complete it. Sweating, she created another one. Almost done—
A moth, huge, far larger than a Human, flew out of the cave, circular mouth gaping, ready to tear flesh with its jagged limbs. Ceria flinched, but a dozen bolts struck the moth.
“Seal the entrances! We’ve got you!”
Pelico bellowed as his team reloaded. Ceria conjured the last ice wall, watching it run up and seal an entrance. Pisces [Flash Stepped] backwards, three walls of thick bone sealing his tunnels. The moths buzzed around inside. Then, realizing they only had one way out now, they swarmed the main tunnel.
“Here they come! Thunder’s Solace, I’m casting!”
Alais shouted. She raised her staff and everyone wearing metal ducked away from her. The Face-Eater Moths poured down the tunnel. Alais cast her spells as the adventurers shot.
Lightning and arrows flew. Ksmvr calmly dropped one moth while electricity crackled around the Bone Warbear. The Bone Horror took a lot of the uncontrolled spell, but the moths got the rest. Eight dropped from the bolts of lightning flying from Alais’ staff, charred to ash. The rest jerked, but came on as Alais, panting, fell back.
“Alright! Hold the line! Take them down!”
The [Warriors] rushed forwards as the moths attacked the Warbear. The bone monstrosity took the first charge, tearing a moth down and savaging it, then biting another and crushing its abdomen. The Face-Eater moths swarmed it, until they realized the undead had nothing they wanted and was almost all bone. They turned, but the ranged adventurers were firing into their sides. Thunder’s Solace held back the moths as they tried to fly past them as Yvlon and Ksmvr rushed forwards.
“Take them down!”
Caught in the narrow gap by Ceria’s ice walls, the moths never stood a chance. The ones still in the air were brought down by the adventurers with melee weapons. Yvlon hacked the largest moth apart with one slash and Pisces blasted two more with flames, rapier at the ready. But it was a total massacre.
Two minutes of fighting more, and then the last moth was twitching on the ground, burning from Ksmvr’s dagger. The adventurers caught their breath, looking for enemies, and then realized they’d won. A few of them cheered; the rest just grinned, high on battle fury.
“Nice work! Anyone hurt?”
“I have a piece taken out of my armor!”
“Dead gods! One took a chunk out of Calico’s arm! Healing potion!”
But that was the worst of it. The adventurers had fought the Face-Eater Moths off with barely any wounds. But their work wasn’t done. Hissle pointed to the cave, and the adventurers reluctantly looked at him.
“Full extermination. We can’t just seal this nest off and hope they die out. Face-Eater Moths can dig.”
