6.62 L
Page 32
“Cookies. The Wandering Inn is selling them. It’s an assorted bundle; each one’s different in taste and texture. It’s actually meant as a game since some of the cookies don’t taste good, but I labeled all of these. It’s a little gift.”
Lyonette smiled sweetly at Watch Captain Zevara. The Drake stared down into the bag and slowly removed one cookie. She inspected the little piece of parchment wrapping it.
“Lemon cookie. Sour. And this one says…beans? Baked bean cookie?”
“They’re different, but most are tasty. Stay away from the one made out of dirt.”
“And this is for me?”
“That’s right. It’s just—”
Zevara pushed back the bag.
“I don’t accept bribes.”
“What?”
Lyonette’s face fell. Zevara glared at Lyonette and gestured to a covered tonic bottle on her desk.
“Bribes. I’m a Watch Captain. I don’t accept gifts or bribes, Miss Lyonette. I appreciate speaking with you and your candor about the situation in Miss Solstice’s inn. But I’ve received one bribe from the [Mages] this morning. I didn’t want it and I don’t want this. I cannot have my position compromised.”
She said that, but she eyed the treats in the bag with clear reluctance as she tossed the cookies in and pushed it back towards the [Princess]. Lyonette put a smile on her face. She recited a few lines from memory. Who knew what her mother had taught her would be so useful? She really should have practiced. Or taken any interest in politics growing up.
“Watch Captain Zevara, it’s not a bribe. It’s just a gift as thanks for doing so much for the inn.”
“That sounds exactly like a bribe. Even one that incentivizes me to do my job is one that sways my opinions, Miss Lyonette.”
Zevara folded her arms, narrowing her eyes at the young woman. The [Princess] sighed and shook her head.
“Watch Captain, you surely have your own opinions about Erin and her inn by now, don’t you? I wouldn’t expect a bag of cookies to sway you, unless I’d enchanted the gift or used a Skill. And I haven’t. This is just a gesture of thanks. I understand your neutrality matters, but no one is truly neutral. It would be a poor thing if I couldn’t offer a Watch Captain some food in gratitude for stopping a dozen disasters, wouldn’t it? I imagine the [Mage] who gave you the potion—Miss Montressa?”
Zevara nodded grudgingly. Lyonette nodded. Du Valeross. She was familiar with the family, but she wished she had her family’s genealogy of bloodlines to look them up. She was careful around Montressa; she hoped her red hair wouldn’t give her away, but she also felt there was potential there.
“I imagine Miss Montressa said the same thing as I did. A token of gratitude—or apology—is not the same as a bribe. I know this may be different to you, but as Lady Montressa and I hail from Terandria, I can assure you we don’t mean anything significant by it.”
But a gift was a gift, and it didn’t hurt to give some to people in authority. Lyonette kept the pleasant smile on her face as Zevara eyed her. After a moment the Drake sighed.
“If I tell you I don’t want it—”
“I won’t take it back. I’d imagine Miss Montressa was the same, wasn’t she?”
“Yes. And I couldn’t get rid of her. ‘Wistram must make some reparations…’ bah. Very well. I’ll take it. And as thanks…”
Zevara reached for her own belt. Lyonette blinked as the Drake spoke absently.
“The law must be flexible, and yet never bend where it matters. Here. That’s probably the price, isn’t it? Your inn costs a tail and a leg, you know.”
She slapped four silver coins on the table. Lyonette’s smile vanished. Zevara eyed her.
