6.62 L
Page 12
So precise. It put Anand to shame. He could feel the Free Queen directing each Worker and Soldier individually! She was doing what Klbkch had ordered Anand to do, but on a far wider scale and with far more finesse.
A Worker leaned out of the way of a slashing Flesh Worm’s tail while a group struck from the other side, battering the huge, crimson worm, dragging it down. Anand’s mandibles opened wide as he saw eighteen Workers kill the huge monster.
“Superior.”
That was all Anand could whisper. Klbkch was advancing. He’d hacked another Flesh Worm in half. Now, he had engaged a group of enchanted armor that had appeared behind the undead. They were all armed, but the Antinium leapt into the center of their group. He twisted, dodging a longsword, and his swords flickered. Anand heard Klbkch’s voice.
“[Mirage of Cu—”
The swords moved even faster, and so did Klbkch. They became a whirlwind of silver. He blurred slashing at the enemies around him—
And abruptly, appeared, tumbling to the ground. The Antinium had lost his balance or overextended! Anand saw Klbkch recover as the enchanted armor closed in, striking at him. Anand cried out—but then Klbkch jumped out of the melee, and Soldiers and Workers smashed into the suits of armor from the sides, allowing him to retreat. Klbkch moved back, checked himself, and then advanced, returning to his deadly pursuit of the monsters as they began to flee.
“Did you know Revalantor Klbkch was capable of this, Yellow Splatters?”
“No. I did not.”
Yellow Splatters’ voice was quiet. Anand had been a Worker for a long time, but he couldn’t remember Klbkch being this—fast. Or strong. The Klbkch in his old body had fought with great Skill, using his four arms to outmaneuver foes. But this Klbkch—
His new body.
The last of the Flesh Worms fled, bleeding orange as Klbkch returned. Forty three Antinium walked back with him. And the monsters? An entire wave of them lay dead. Anand stared.
“The Flesh Worms will need to be disposed of separately from the bodies. They have contaminated the other corpses. As have the acidic bugs.”
Klbkch looked displeased as he walked back towards Yellow Splatters and Anand. He was speaking to a Worker trotting next to him. The Worker replied, verbally and mentally, echoing the Free Queen’s voice.
“It is not a huge loss of sustenance, Klbkchhezeim. You were quite efficient. Is your new body more suited, as I had hoped?”
Klbkch the Slayer shrugged slightly.
“I have found the limits of the form, my Queen. It is still markedly better than before, although I still must become used to fighting with two less arms.”
“So I see. If you wish to repeat the demonstration, I shall entertain it. I am glad to see your abilities have not waned, Klbkchhezeim.”
“Yes, my Queen. Thank you.”
Klbkch bowed and the Queen was gone. The Worker started and then scuttled back to his fellows. Klbkch turned to Yellow Splatters and Anand. They stared at him.
“That was a demonstration. Your thoughts?”
“Revalantor. What was—your ability in battle is remarkable.”
“It is less than I once possessed. But my new body is more capable of moving like my first one.”
The Antinium’s voice was devoid of anything like a boast. Yellow Splatters hesitated. He gestured to the place where Klbkch had been fighting.
“You stumbled once, Revalantor. Why?”
“I attempted to use a Skill that was once in my possession. However, it was still unusable for me.”
“Use a Skill…? But you don’t have it? Or you have it and you can’t use it?”
