6.62 L
Page 14
“Oh. But I had assumed that I was most important because of my efforts and the other’s flaws…”
Anand’s downcast mandibles made Klbkch look up.
“Why is that important? None of the Individuals are considered expendable.”
The [Strategist] hesitated.
“It is just that I would like to have acknowledged worth beyond any other, Revalantor Klbkch. That I might…have permission to address you more informally.”
“Informally?”
Klbkch stared at Anand. He had no idea what the [Strategist] wanted. After a moment, Klbkch shrugged.
“I am aware of each Individual’s personality quirks. And I have made allowances for every other Individual. If you have some need, I will entertain it so long as it is not detrimental.”
“Oh! Then, may I have permission to address you in the manner of my choosing?”
Anand brightened at once. Klbkch hesitated. Something like a [Dangersense] was going off in his head, but he couldn’t’ figure out why. But he had intuition that Erin had something to do with this.
“…What did you have in mind?”
The [Strategist] took a few breaths. He clicked his mandibles twice, and then he spoke.
“Can I call you ‘Father’? Or ‘Dad’?”
Klbkch was checking his notes. He paused as Anand spoke. He stared at the papers on his desk. For a minute. Then two. Then he slowly looked up.
“What did you say?”
Anand looked at him. The [Strategist] fumbled with his words. And he danced from one foot to another.
“I would like to call you father. Erin has told me you are like a father. Not biologically, and you have contributed no genetic material to me. But she has said you are my parental figure. An unnurturing one. May—may I call you father? And hug you?”
Senior Guardsman Klbkch, Klbkch of the Centenium, Klbkch the Slayer, and Revalantor Klbkch all stared at Anand. His mandibles opened and closed a few times. He looked at the [Strategist]. And for the first time he saw the shining light in Anand’s eyes. Admiration. And longing.
Klbkch paused.
“No.”
 
—-
 
Sometimes, Yvlon thought of Ksmvr like a…little brother. It was a silly thought. Yvlon had a brother. An older one in Ylawes. And an older sister too. And she hadn’t known Ksmvr long. But she liked him.
No. She cared for the desperate, slightly broken Antinium. Her friend. When she had first met him, she had thought he was closer to the image of Antinium in her head. More monster than person. But now, Yvlon remembered the cold, heartless thing that had tortured Pawn and endangered Liscor and Erin’s inn. And she wondered if she’d been hating a child.
Because he was only three years old. If you heard that, you wouldn’t believe it. But the Antinium were born fully-grown. And capable of fighting and killing. So in that sense they were adult. But another?
The Horns of Hammerad stood outside Liscor’s Adventurer’s Guild. They looked at each other. Pisces’ shoulders were tense with trepidation. Two days had passed since they had fought with Wistram’s team. This was the first time they’d gone into the Guild since then.
And the first time they’d be seeing the other Silver-rank teams with Pisces. By now, his bounty had been circulated across the Mage’s Guilds of Izril. It might be of little note to anyone in other cities, but Yvlon would have bet gemstones against coppers that everyone in the Adventurer’s Guild had read the bounty.
“Well, it’s nearly time. We’ve got to get to work. Can’t stand around all day, right?”
