6.62 L
Page 36
“Better than bugs. Most bugs.”
The Hobgoblin shrugged. He chewed, swallowed, and reached for the next mystery cookie. Octavia took another and eyed it.
“What do you think this one is?”
Numbtongue eyed it. He’d seen Erin hard at work in the kitchen so he had a good idea which ones were which, despite Erin’s best attempts to hide their nature.
“Almonds.”
“Ooh, I’ll have that.”
Octavia took a bite. After a minute of chewing, she looked up.
“So what’s the worst cookie in the bag here?”
Numbtongue thought for a moment.
“Dirt cookie? Or acid fly cookie. Too crunchy.”
Octavia paused mid-swallow. She eyed the cookie, and was relieved when she saw the almonds baked into the insides.
“…Why’d Erin make these again?”
“For fun?”
“Huh. And she’s already cleared up all of the damage from the fight with those [Mages]?”
“Yup. She fixed the tables. With her Skill.”
“So all that happened while I was in my shop?”
“Mhm.”
The [Goblin Soulbard] nodded. Octavia shook her head.
“I’m sorry I missed it. Then again—probably not. Do you think they’re dangerous?”
“Yup.”
“What’s—what’s Erin going to do about it?”
Numbtongue sneered.
“Make friends with the Centaur. Probably. I won’t. So I’ll sit here. Want a cookie?”
“Uh—no.”
Octavia refused a second helping. She glanced sideways at Numbtongue. He was a semi-regular guest now, and they often entertained each other, he with his guitar, her with alchemy lessons. But the Goblin was restless, today. He kept glancing back towards the door that led to The Wandering Inn, though it was inactive for the moment.
“Something wrong, Numbtongue?”
He started and then shook his head.
“Nothing.”
But that was a lie. Octavia had seen him come in this morning as if he was escaping something. Until Erin had closed the door, he’d kept looking over his shoulder. As if something kept grabbing his attention. Whatever it was, he clearly didn’t like it. The [Alchemist] opened her mouth, saw Numbtongue’s hunched shoulders, and decided against. Instead, she hefted the bottle she’d been working on while they chatted.
“Hey, want to taste this potion? I’ve been experimenting with some ruby dust. I’ve mixed it with the strongest flameproofing potion I know; I bought some ingredients by selling some of the stuff you gave me. But this is proof of all the work.”
“What does it do?”
Numbtongue eyed the yellow-orange potion with swirling liquids mixed around inside. Octavia frowned at the mixture; she’d had a heck of a time dissolving all the stuff she wanted into it.
“Make you breathe fire. Probably. I tried it on myself, so it’s not deadly. Again, probably. But I’ve tried three samples and each time I just belch smoke. Want to try?”
The Hobgoblin hesitated. But Octavia was sure she’d made something that ranked on the ‘safe’ end of trying things. Otherwise she would have fed the mixture to a rat or trusted in her Stitch-Person body to help alleviate the worst of it. The truth was she didn’t like anything that had to do with fire.
After a moment, Numbtongue accepted the bottle. He drank down the liquid, not even grimacing at the taste. He smacked his lips, and then tried to exhale flame.
Nothing happened. Octavia’s face fell.
“Damn. What do you feel?”
“Hot. In mouth. But nothing—”
The Hobgoblin mumble. Then he went cross-eyed. He swished something in his mouth, then leaned forwards and spat suddenly.
The flaming saliva landed on the table. Numbtongue let it drip out of his mouth. It wasn’t burning him, but the fiery liquid instantly caught flame in the air. He opened his maw and Octavia saw the entire inside of his mouth was on fire!
