6.62 L
Page 0

Senior Guardsman Klbkch walked through the city of Liscor, leaving the Watch barracks behind. He was off-duty, having signed out for the day. And it had been a long day. Nearly nine hours straight, excluding breaks for meals. But being a [Guardsman] was a strenuous job. You didn’t quit the job, even when you were out of uniform.
As he walked down the street, Klbkch greeted people, nodding, exchanging comments, his pace slowed due to the number of people who recognized him. That was inevitable. Not only was he a Senior Guardsman, a position of respect, he was noticeable because he was…Klbkch. The Antinium.
The Slayer. But also, to the people of Liscor, Senior Guardsman Klbkch, who had been the only real face of the Antinium for over a decade. And over that decade, he’d found a place in the hearts of all but the most die-hard Antinium haters.
“Senior Guardsman Klbkch. A word, please? I had a break in last night—”
“I’m afraid I’m off-duty, sir. The nearest Watch patrol will be able to investigate the crime.”
“Guardsman, you must do something about the roaches in my apartments! It’s beyond neglect! The prices are one thing, but we need [Exterminators]!”
“Please inquire into the Watch Barracks, miss. Otherwise, I will look into it when I sign in tomorrow.”
“Senior Guardsman! Over here!”
Klbkch didn’t sigh or groan, and he might have. Instead, he politely and swiftly stepped over to the angry Gnoll waving a paw at him. It was one of the reasons why people liked him. The City had about thirty Senior Guards, a very small number that was essentially a rank below Watch Captain in a city like Liscor. But even the best of them, like Beilmark, hated being bothered on their days off.
But Klbkch never complained. He inclined his head as the Gnoll, who had a few white marks along the fur on her neck, began to speak in a glowering tone.
“Guardsman, you’ve got to settle this dispute between me and my neighbor! He’s up all night, bothering me with his damn thumping.”
“Ma’am, I am off-duty. If the situation cannot be resolved amicably, the nearest Watch patrol—”
“I don’t want some Drakes! I’ve asked, but they don’t get my problem! I have sensitive ears and that Drake doesn’t care! I wanted to ask for Beilmark, but she’s on desk duty! You’re the only Senior Guardsman I could find! Can’t you do something?”
The Gnoll whined at him. Klbkch shook his head slightly.
“Miss, I am afraid you must wait until tomorrow for me to resume my duties. However, I can recommend you a pair on patrol this moment. Guardsman Tkrn and Guardswoman Jerci are both on patrol down Market Street right now…”
He gave the female Gnoll directions, patiently reassuring her that they would do their utmost to resolve her situation. Then Klbkch went on.
The exchange had taken five minutes. But when the female Gnoll was hurrying off, Klbkch calmly went back on his way. And still his ‘expression’, the mandibles, insectile eyes, antennae, never seemed to change. He might be alien, a bug, but he was polite. He never got angry. And dead gods damn it; he was good at his job!
That was why people liked him. Not just Erin Solstice. There had been a wake when he died. And when he came back to life, people had been happy. Because Klbkch was the Senior Guardsman who’d taken down criminals. He managed his partner Relc, who was the definition of a loose flaming arrow, and he always had time for people. You got the impression he cared. Because he did.
