6.62 L
Page 19
The half-Elf was shaking her head as she sniffed a cookie. But there was no time to gossip with Erin. She walked through the door and came out into the sunlight.
The Bloodfields were there, in the distance. A red stain on the earth. But unlike last time, Ceria and her team weren’t getting lessons about the Bloodfields. And the grassy landscape was hardly empty. The Horns stared as they found nearly a hundred people hard at work. Gnolls and Drakes were tearing up the earth, and more were pouring dirt down, pounding it flat with mallets.
Creating a road. Just like that, in the middle of nowhere. No—Yvlon turned and saw there was already a road! It stretched nearly a thousand feet already! Nothing fancy—just a wide stretch of dirt in the grass, wide enough for two wagons to travel comfortably at once.
She stared. Captain Kam looked up from her bag of cookies. She was sniffing a freebie normal cookie.
“Looks like they’ve made good work since yesterday. Dead gods, but those [Builders] work fast. We’ll catch up, Ceria. Whistling Bows, to me! We’re on watch!”
She led her team past the Horns. Walt and his group tromped after Kam. Walt was exclaiming.
“These things taste good! They’re sweet!”
“Dead gods. What did I eat? This one’s spicy.”
One of his teammates spat out his cookie as his fellows laughed. At a loss, the Horns looked around. Ceria called out to Pelico.
“Wait, where are we going?”
The [Rogue] looked at her, blinking. His team was already moving off towards a group of [Scouts], some on horseback.
“Right, I forgot you weren’t here the last two days. Ceria, go find Master…Reikhle. Yeah, Reikhle, right? He’s the one in charge. Gnoll. He’ll tell you where to go.”
He glanced over his shoulder and his team nodded. They pointed towards the [Workers] near the road. The other teams began dispersing. Ceria looked around. Pisces was glancing about, Yvlon gagging on a cookie. Ksmvr was happily discovering his had acid flies in them.
“Okay, then. I guess…”
The first Drake pointed Master Reikhle out to Ceria. The Gnoll was standing on a small bluff, giving orders as he looked around with a small vision-enhancing monocle.
[Master Builder] Reikhle was a Gnoll. He hailed from Pallass, and he was all business. He didn’t even blink as he turned to see the Horns of Hammerad.
“New team, yes? One moment. I will find you a place to work.”
“No, we were part of the scouting party. We had an—incident so we couldn’t work the last two days.”
The Gnoll raised his eyebrows. He looked Ceria up and down and then focused on Pisces and Yvlon. He stiffened when he saw Ksmvr, but he must have been warned, because he just sniffed warily.
“Ah, you’re that team. The Horns of Hammerad? Well, if you’re working here today, I’ll make use of you. What are your unique abilities? Anything you can do to help with the construction will be welcome. Except fire. I’m not burning down everything around here just to clear my road, yes?”
“Unique abilities?”
Ceria was surprised by the question. The Gnoll rolled his eyes impatiently, gesturing at the Gnolls and Drakes hard at work, sweating under the sun. Yvlon saw a few unhappy adventurers were actually helping them, like Walt, being forced to haul some heavy bags filled with dirt and swearing at everyone in earshot.
“Liscor has given me a number of [Builders], [Diggers], [Laborers], and so on. No Antinium; they have rules about them leaving Liscor and I wouldn’t want to work with…them. Even if they’re apparently excellent at their jobs and they work without complaint and follow orders perfectly—but no. So I must improvise, hm?”
