6.62 L
Page 3
“Fascinating. And I believe it is real bread. Not even just magic bread, from a cornucopia artifact. I thought it might be, but apparently, that bread is not actually bread. It is simply nutrition which dissolves if not eaten. But this—am I right in thinking this will make me sick if I eat too much?”
“Not if it’s just a bite. That is why I divide it. I wish I had gained another Skill, but I think creating bread is traditional.”
Pawn explained. Anand nodded as he inspected the bread, feeling it with his fingers on two of his four hands.
“If I leave it alone, will it vanish?”
“No.”
The [Strategist] was very intrigued at this.
“Really? Not even after a few hours? Magical bread—”
“I thought the same thing, Anand. I have a dry crust over there. It is four days old.”
Pawn pointed across the barracks. Anand looked down the rows of tables. Past a dirt pillar—training Soldiers boxing in little rings, a Worker holding a book open for two Soldiers, the paints section—all the way to an area with cubicles in the walls. Rows and columns of them, for Antinium to sit inside and sleep. There was a little table with a bit of bread on it. It was very dry and very stale, but it was still there. Pawn had left it to give the Antinium good dreams.
“Incredible. This is a very useful Skill, Pawn. If only it weren’t bread. But even so—it allows you to provide a small amount of rations each day! There are very few Skills capable of doing the same. I wonder, is it because Miss Erin is an [Innkeeper]? Some of them have Skills that provide free food each day, like this. But only very powerful spells—Tier 6, I think—can even conjure temporary food!”
Anand mused out loud. Pawn shrugged helplessly.
“I only know that I am leveling, Anand. Slowly, but I do level. I gained this at Level 20. Along with my ability to conjure light.”
“Ah, yes. That is tactically useful. Well, I am glad, Pawn. You are leveling up and gaining useful Skills.”
“And you? Are you…how is Belgrade?”
“We are both leveling. Well, Belgrade continues to level. I have stopped this month. It is distressing me, but I hope that will soon change.”
The [Strategist] was conversational. It was—odd. Pawn felt a bit removed from Anand. He was so important. More important than Pawn, and they seldom got to talk. Even the way he regarded Pawn’s Skills reflected his position. He didn’t feel the sheer wonder Pawn did at being able to make food. To share something with Workers and Soldiers who had never tasted bread. That was the gift. But Anand…the Worker was turning to one of the [Archers] who had raised his hand.
“Strategist Anand, may I ask a question? What is this bread and why will it make Antinium sick? Is this a form of poison?”
“No, Archer B2. This is bread. It is simply unhealthy for Antinium to consume because we cannot process it. In large quantities, it will make us sluggish or manifest in other symptoms. You may eat your piece. Relish it.”
“Yes, Strategist Anand.”
Strange. It hurt Pawn a bit to see the other [Strategist], amid the bevy of Autonomous Workers, his personal ‘team’. He could remember the last time he had spoken with Belgrade. And how the [Strategist] had informed Pawn that he cared about few Antinium outside of his circle. The same held true of Anand, it seemed. They had to send Workers and Soldiers to their deaths each day. And it had changed them.
“Do you have time to speak? I would like that.”
Pawn burst out at last. Anand looked up, surprised. He hesitated, but then shook his head.
