6.62 L
Page 10
Anand’s focus wavered as he opened his mandibles. A group of Workers failed to fall back—a Flesh Worn whipped its lower half, shearing through two Workers with a whip-like strike of its tail and sending the rest flying. Anand, horrified, ordered the rest of the Workers to fall back while Soldiers advanced.
But he was too focused there, and across the battlefield a group of heavily-armed Armor Constructs were advancing! Some were removing the damaged armor of their comrades, which Anand had orders to prevent. He tried to focus in multiples places—
“Strategist Anand. Your reply.”
The [Strategist] was opening and closing his mandibles in distress. He—he had told Pawn he didn’t mind ordering Antinium to their deaths like Belgrade, and that was true, but it still mattered. And he was failing. He spoke hoarsely.
“Revalantor Klbkch, I am struggling to—would it be acceptable to cease verbal communications?”
“No. This is your training.”
Another wave poured in through a side tunnel. Bats. Dropbats, so fast that Anand hadn’t seen them. They weren’t dangerous to the Antinium, but if they gained momentum and dove—Anand realized he’d lost track of Yellow Splatters. Where was he?
“Revalantor Klbkch, I am failing—”
“Then fail. This practice will be repeated as many times as necessary. Refocus, Strategist Anand. If you are unable to manage Antinium precisely, focus on where they are needed. Pull back the wings into defensive positions and micromanage around the Flesh Worms there.”
Frantically, Anand tried to do what Klbkch said. And it made sense! But he was conscious of unled Antinium breaking on the sides.
“Left. Seal that tunnel. There are too many undead. Choke them off there. Crush the influx of Shield Spiders there.”
“Yes—”
As cold as his tone was, Anand understood what Klbkch was making him do. The [Strategist] could feel himself advancing towards the next level. But with every mistake he made, Antinium were dying. Anand struggled, failing, watching Antinium fall. But Klbkch’s voice, always cold and dispassionate, never grew angry either. And Anand was learning.
“You must split your attention more efficiently. Divide your thoughts. Prioritize areas of engagement with the highest casualties or the most to gain. Protect Yellow Splatters.”
That was another thing. Despite the falling Soldiers and Workers, the blur of yellow refused to fall. Four times, Klbkch personally sent in squads of Soldiers and Workers to save Yellow Splatters. Antinium died so he might live.
When it was over, Yellow Splatters returned. His carapace was cracked in places, and he looked…slowed. Anand was about to collapse, like he’d seen Erin do.
“Acceptable.”
That was all Klbkch said. He looked at the Workers and Soldiers who remained. Barely fifty out of four hundred. Yellow Splatters swayed on his feet.
“Why?”
He looked at Klbkch. And his voice wasn’t angry, or commanding as he usually was, a font of strength. It was just…confused.  Hurt. Klbkch looked at him.
“So you will grow.”
“It is cruel. I do not want this.”
“The Centenium were created out of the deaths of millions. We were created to be the first and last champions of the Antinium. If I could sacrifice a hundred thousand Free Antinium to make you half of what they were, I would.”
Klbkch looked at Anand and Yellow Splatters. Without a word, the [Sergeant] turned away. Anand’s voice was unsteady.
“Is this…instruction, Revalantor Klbkch?”
“Half. This is how War Queens were taught. How Prognugators were raised to battle. First to learn their mistakes. And then they watch. So. Watch. More monsters are coming.”
