6.62 L
Page 35
“Will I take Bezale’s instructions, do you mean? Fear not, Zevara. I would stay alive to spite her. But—she is a Wistram [Mage]. They all are. They found no spells on me. Doesn’t that confirm everything?”
Zevara scowled, shoveling down her meal.
“Not if I don’t trust the [Mages]. And none of them are [Enchanters] or specialists in mind-altering magic aside from the Centaur. And I wouldn’t trust him with—”
“Zevara. If you do not trust him, who can tell my innocence? Not Grimalkin of Pallass, apparently, and not a [Mage] of Wistram. So then, how long? You keep the law, Watch Captain. Why am I the exception?”
The weariness in the Minotaur’s voice made Zevara look up. She hesitated. But Calruz was looking at her, from his small cell. It was a conversation they’d had before. She hesitated and lowered her fork.
“…I suppose I am biased. But I also trust my instincts. And they say I’m not wrong. Look, Calruz, we do have an [Enchanter] scheduled to visit the city. I trust his word. But I also trust my gut.”
“And if he finds nothing?”
“Then I make another judgment call. But it is my choice.”
Zevara looked at Calruz. He stared back. She knew how he had to feel. So Zevara hesitated, and then leaned forwards.
“Don’t worry. You won’t be in here forever. There’s something I have planned that might help with your wait. Entirely legal.”
The Minotaur’s eyes narrowed.
“Zevara. I would not want you to compromise your own integrity—”
“I won’t. What I intend to do is honorable. Just wait, Calruz. But believe me when I say that I don’t see the monster that I witnessed in the dungeon. There is something wrong with you and I will find out what it is.”
Zevara pointed her fork at the Minotaur. And he almost smiled. He picked up the cookie and let Rhata nibble at it. Then he finished the cookie in a big bite.
“I’m glad, you know. That someone believes in me. And thank you. For visiting. And the food.”
The Watch Captain coughed. She waved a claw, counting down the minutes of her lunch break.
“It’s not hard. Have another cookie. How’s the blood one?”
Calruz tried it. He frowned.
“Salty. Why is Erin Solstice making them?”
Zevara paused. She chewed, gulped, and then shrugged.
“I have no idea.”
 
—-
 
Salt was an ingredient in potions. So was Sage’s Grass—the red, glowing stuff that tasted horrible—magical salamanders, Corusdeer horns, and all kinds of insects. Numbtongue had a list, and it included…well, almost everything when you got down to it.
Ironically, the one category of items that didn’t usually make it into potions were traditional foods, like pumpkin, or carrots, or green peas or so on. According to Octavia, that was because alchemy wasn’t cooking. She’d referenced Erin’s abilities as being an example of someone who could unlock the potential of food.
“But that’s a different kind of creation. It’s really magic-intensive. I saw Erin making her Scale Soup—which tastes like melted three-day old butter mixed with pond slime by the way—and she doesn’t use an [Alchemist]’s methods at all.”
It was also harder to cook magically, and you often needed more expensive items or Skills to make it work. But alchemy was theoretically possible for even amateurs, although good [Alchemists] could make potions or simplify recipes. Nevertheless, Numbtongue was learning how to make healing potions.
He was also having lunch with Octavia. He chewed down one of the blood cookies Erin had made. It was an acquired taste, according to Erin, but Numbtongue liked it.
Octavia did not. She looked up from her actual sausages and shuddered.
“Do those…actually taste good?”
