6.62 L
Page 18
“It’s just Desril. ‘Mister’ makes me itchy. That’s right. But I’m reformed now. Pelico and his lot took me in. Hauntgheist’s totally law-abiding. We even wipe our asses. You know any more [Necromancers]? I met a few. Did some jobs for them back in the [Raider] days.”
“I have met a few. But I don’t associate with most of them. My class does attract a somewhat unsavory group at times.”
“You should meet [Raiders]. Half of my gang got these worms one time. Fucking most disgusting thing I ever saw. Right in the groins. That’s when I quit—”
To Yvlon’s relief, the conversation was interrupted by a sharp rapping sound. The adventurers turned and saw Tekshia Shivertail. She’d come down from her office. The Guildmistress didn’t just demand silence; she hauled it over the table and dropped it at her feet. The Drake clearly knew the score too, because her first glare went straight for the group of adventurers and the Horns.
“I see you’re all playing nice and wagging your tails. Good. I thought I’d have to stab a few idiots who decided to start a brawl in my guild. Everyone read the bounty on the [Necromancer]? Yes? Good! Anyone trying to take it in Liscor gets stabbed, got it? We don’t recognize a group of upstart idiots with wands shoved so far up their behinds they think they own this city.”
She glared around at the adventurers. A few of the Drake and Gnoll teams nodded slowly. Tekshia paused. Then she pointed at the Human teams.
“Now, if you’re all done gossiping, you have work to do. Get moving!”
The teams needed no further instruction. They began filing towards the doors. Yvlon felt a surge of relief as she turned, nodding to Ceria. Tekshia’s voice rang out, stopping the Horns in their tracks.
“And you—Horns.”
The team turned back apprehensively. Tekshia stared at Pisces and Yvlon felt a cold chill. But then the Drake glared at the rest of the team and jerked her head towards the door.
“You’re not getting paid for yesterday since you had ‘broken bones’ and you were ‘resting’. Necromancer, next time you let my granddaughter get hexed, you’d better kill whoever did it or stay out of my Guild. Get lost, all of you!”
 
—-
 
The trip to The Wandering Inn and then the Bloodfields was unremarkable. In fact, the only thing of note was the adventurers grumbling that it would be easier to muster in the inn rather than have to walk there to use the magic door.
“We should have that guild moved closer since the inn’s so important. Why not?”
“The inn’s only been here a hot minute, Sekil.”
“Yeah, well, since the city’s renovating the guild, they should move it closer.”
There was one Liscorian team among the Human teams as it turned out. The Drakes and Gnolls were Bronze-rank, new to their jobs, but made up of former [Guards] and [Warriors]. They seemed more casual around Pisces than the Humans, having seen him around. And seen him fight.
Erin was present in her inn as well. She waved the adventurers through the door, calling out to the Horns.
“Hey! Pisces, Ceria, Yvlon, Ksmvr! You’re going to the Bloodfields? Want some cookies to go with you? I’ve got a special deal! Mystery cookie bag! Each one’s different! You could eat something nice—or nasty!”
She waved a bag of cookies that Lyonette was selling from a table for gouging prices. All the adventurers looked interested, and Ceria caught a bag Erin threw at her. She opened it and peered inside.
“All different?”
“Each one’s a different flavor. We’ve got vanilla, lemon, um—fish—it’s a game!”
