6.62 L
Page 26
“No. Alright, bears are different from skeletons. And that Bone Horror was sturdy. We might have gotten hurt but not for that. T-thank you. Even so…”
Flustered, Alais looked unsure of herself. Pisces didn’t press her, and a thoughtful silence accompanied the adventurers as they looked at Pisces on the way back. Yvlon leaned over, still scrubbing at her armor.
“That wasn’t half-bad. Good on you for not pressing Alais.”
Pisces’ eyes flickered and he nodded at Yvlon, smiling slightly.
“I simply took a…bit of advice I’d been given. In the past, I would have pressed the point. But that would have been at Wistram. We are encouraged to debate until our point is emphatically proven. The real world is not so simple. Nor do opinions change overnight.”
Yvlon looked at Pisces, surprised. He was trying. After a moment, Ceria stepped over. She grinned at her team, tired from the spellcasting and nodded the way they’d come. Hissle had told them they’d have to check the caves later to make sure something wasn’t eating all the moths they’d killed.
“Not bad. It wasn’t pretty, but it beats, rats, right? I could do this. How’re you feeling?”
“I am very content in exterminating the moths, Captain Ceria. I have fulfilled my obligations and am not a waste of existence.”
Ksmvr smiled, raising his mandibles. Yvlon agreed. And Pisces nodded as Ceria turned to him. He couldn’t resist one sniff, but he’d done well all day.
“It was somewhat menial, but I will admit, I see the value in it. For now, I consent.”
“Good. I mean, we can’t do much. And with Montressa and her team around—”
Ceria paused. The Horns looked at her. At last, Yvlon brought it up.
“So what do we do about them? They’re not going to stop, you know, Ceria, Pisces. And now Pisces has a bounty on his head.”
“Yeah.”
The half-Elf sighed. She looked at Pisces.
“I don’t know. Maybe Erin can help? She said she was going to try to talk to the Centaur. Palt. I’d like to talk to Montressa myself. See if we can come to an understanding.”
“After what they did? I’d settle for beating the lot of them into pulp and stripping them of their gear.”
Yvlon glowered. Ksmvr nodded. He raised a hand as he walked, turning to Ceria.
“Captain Ceria, if we exclude the Selphid and barrier mage, Montressa, I am reasonably certain I am capable of killing any of the other three [Mages] in a surprise attack. One, certainly.”
“Ksmvr—we’re not killing them. They’re protected by Liscor’s laws, same as us.”
“So, no preemptive strike?”
“No.”
The Antinium looked disappointed. Yvlon patted him on the shoulder and looked at her team.
“If it comes to a second fight, I’ll go for my sword. If they don’t steal it away again. What do you think, Ceria? They won’t try to get us in Liscor, will they?”
“I can’t imagine they’d want to go against Zevara. Or Erin. But we need to watch our backs. We’re probably safe out here, with other teams and people from Liscor—but you’re right. If we can’t talk to Montressa, we’ll have to fight them.”
Ceria bit her lip. Pisces nodded. He put a hand on his rapier.
“And next time, it will not go their way. Yvlon, we may purchase a charm for your sword to prevent it being stolen. However, I will admit, I would rather not fight all five [Mages] at once. They underestimated our abilities the first time. The second—could prove fatal. At the very least, we will have to kill them to avoid being killed in turn.”
The Horns looked at Pisces. Ceria’s face went pale. Yvlon glanced at Pisces.
