6.62 L
Page 8
“Really? I was unaware of this change. Then I consider this method even more potentially valuable, despite the inefficiency of conversion. Nevertheless, in this case, the excess—”
“Why are they excess?”
Yellow Splatters interrupted Klbkch. The Revalantor slowly swung back towards him. He clicked his mandibles softly.
“Because the Hive does not produce enough food to accommodate more bodies, Sergeant Yellow Splatter. Thus, it is in the Queen’s interests and mine to remove unnecessary bodies. Without wasting them of course.”
“They are not useless.”
Yellow Splatters’ voice was ominous. Klbkch stared up at the [Sergeant].
“If they are not Painted Antinium, Autonomous, or Individual, the Hive is able to create more at will. You have stated your views on the lives of Soldiers and Workers. If you would like to preserve them, you will pass today’s instruction capably.”
“Instruction?”
The word caught both Antinium off-guard. Klbkch nodded.
“You two are the most proficient commanders among the Antinium. Thus, the Free Queen has decided to treat both of you as Prognugators. And so you will be…trained.”
The word was unfamiliar. The Antinium didn’t train. Or instruct. Teach. They sprang forth, ready to fulfill their function, all save for the Queens. And Prognugators.
“What does this training entail, Revalantor? And why are we here? Also, Revalantor…”
Anand’s voice was nervous and excited from Klbkch’s praise. But now he glanced up.
“Revalantor Klbkch, the monsters are advancing down all tunnels. A wave is incoming and—the traps aren’t killing any?”
“They have been disabled. You two will fight the monsters and hold this position. No reinforcements will be allocated to you except in case of your failure. I will observe and teach.”
Klbkch’s calm voice made Yellow Splatters look at him sharply. The Revalantor continued, gesturing at the small force of Workers and Soldiers, still waiting. Some were looking at Yellow Splatters. Even those who were new to the Hive knew him.
“Revalantor Klbkch, you will teach us? But why is that?”
Anand was excited. Yellow Splatters was looking at the Workers and Soldiers. Counting. He knew how many died fighting monsters each day. And how many had died before Belgrade’s traps. He clicked his mandibles sharply as Klbkch replied.
“Learning is a function of individuals. Since your growth has halted, this method may improve your abilities. It was how Prognugators of old were trained. Prognugator Ksmvr was instructed using this method. As are other Prognugators of the Hives.”
That made Yellow Splatters and Anand look up. They stared at Klbkch. He had named Yellow Splatters a Prognugator for the election of course, but Yellow Splatters was hardly like Ksmvr. But now—Yellow Splatters looked up.
“Monsters. The Soldiers and Workers will die.”
“Then lead them. I will observe. And given your stated objections—each Soldier and Worker you save I will allow Pawn to induct into the Painted Antinium unit.”
Klbkch’s voice could have frozen a blizzard. Yellow Splatters looked at Klbkch. And there was something more than just…disagreement in his eyes. But Klbkch never looked away. And as the sounds coming from the tunnels leading into the kill-room grew louder, Yellow Splatters strode towards the waiting Workers and Soldiers.
“You will command the Workers and Soldiers alongside Yellow Splatters, Anand. You have his command as well. Do not allow him to advance too far or endanger yourself.”
“Yes, Revalantor Klbkch!”
