6.62 L
Page 37
“Dead gods! Don’t spit at me! Water, water! Does it hurt?”
The Stitch-Girl leapt up in alarm, backing away from the fire. Numbtongue hastily swallowed, and then his eyes went wide with alarm. He prodded his stomach—but the fire resistance nullified the heat.
“It doesn’t hurt. But it feels hot.”
“I’ll say! Look at that spit!”
Octavia and Numbtongue watched the superheated liquid slowly try to ignite the table while it burned through the metal top. Octavia raised a finger.
“Okay, that’s close. But—help me put out the fire, would you?”
Numbtongue experimentally smothered it with a finger. The flaming saliva refused to go out. Alarmed, Octavia got a flame-retarding powder and sprinkled it on Numbtongue’s fingers and the table from a distance. That put out the flame, but the saliva was still hot.
She shuddered as she shook her head.
“Dead gods, I hate fire. But this would sell really well. Especially among Drakes. They’ll make me rich! And it only needs rubies and a tiny bit of gold.”
“It could be useful. But it feels hot. Inside. Like Erin’s soup, but hotter.”
Numbtongue agreed. He prodded at his stomach.
“Don’t worry, the flame resistance will last a lot longer than the fire effect. That’s just common sense. And I can actually brew a flame resistant potion for you whenever you want.”
Octavia assured the Hobgoblin. Numbtongue nodded. He sighed as he smacked his lips, letting a bit of flame escape. He coughed—stood up.
“Bathroom.”
“Oh, sure. Got it. Let me know if the saliva-stuff gets unbearable. I can give you a nullifying potion. But if I just tweak my process…”
Numbtongue wandered into the bathroom as Octavia bent over her formula, trying to figure out what she’d done wrong. Or right. After a few seconds Octavia heard the Hobgoblin shout. It turned out saliva wasn’t the only liquid that was now fiery.
Octavia’s toilet caught on fire.
 
—-
 
Fire danced along the inside of the cave, sending Fortress Beavers fleeing to their nest. They tried to put out the flames, desperately, cowering in fear as the skeleton danced. Ijvani laughed, throwing flames in the air. Her body did a jig in the floor.
“My master wants me! He loves me! He needs me! So he said! I am wanted!”
At last, he had reached out for her. And so Ijvani, one of Az’kerash’s Chosen, celebrated. She twirled about the small cave, sending the Defenders of the Cave fleeing. Fortress Beavers and Shield Spiders hid from the horrible intruder who was death. They did not try to dislodge her; they just hid. Because Ijvani was more terrible than any Creler.
She was death. But she had not left. She had lain in this cave for days, unmoving, pausing only to roast the errant animals or spider that came near her. But now she stood. She cried out.
“Master! I am sorry! I will obey you! Because you love me!”
Joy. Simple, pure, joy rang in her tones. Her skull, always grinning, rejoiced. And the golden lights in her eye sockets flared. The skeleton danced and the Defenders of the Cave fled. But the Healing Slime could not. It wriggled and trembled in the bars of its cell. It watched as Ijvani threw fire, seeing the hands raise and flames shoot across the cave.
