6.62 L
Page 2
Yellow Splatters had spoken before Pawn. He did that sometimes, at the sermons. The [Sergeant] paused. And his voice was deep, slow, as he shook his head.
“I only told them what I saw. Without you, there would have been nothing.”
“But you were there. You saw it.”
Pawn whispered the words. Heaven. A tiny thing, but there. Yellow Splatters had seen it, glimpsed a place where Antinium would go when they died. The [Sergeant] nodded slowly.
“It must grow.”
“Yes.”
That was all they said. Pawn nodded to Yellow Splatters and looked down the room. Soldiers and Workers were eating the nutritional paste that was so…unique to the Antinium. It was brownish-yellow today, for reasons that couldn’t be explained. Pawn knew what it tasted like. Sometimes there was nuance, but the flavor was always uniquely that. He shuddered. And then, because he knew what it tasted like, he raised his hands.
“[Create Bread].”
The Free Antinium looked up. And they saw a miracle. Pawn pressed his four arms to his chest, cradling something. At first it was just air. But then, suddenly, he held loaves of bread. Thick, steaming with warmth. Not loaves like Erin considered ‘proper’, in the quintessential breadbox shape that had been developed and cemented as sandwich bread in America, but a loaf, rounded, even cut across the top and baked perfectly.
Bread. Pawn remembered it because it was one of the first and only times he’d eaten bread at Erin’s inn when she’d first gained baking soda. And gotten promptly sick afterwards. But the memory had stayed.
Now, it reappeared in his arms. Pawn slowly and carefully put the loaves down on one of the ‘tables’. The Workers and Soldiers stared. But Pawn was carefully breaking up the bread. He put a tiny piece, barely a pebble’s size, in front of a Soldier.
“Take and eat it. This is bread, but it will not make you ill with this much. It is fluffy because it was made with baking soda. Or magic.”
He slowly went down the table. Yellow Splatters accepted the morsel and chewed it slowly. It was good bread. Soft. Fluffy, as Pawn had said, but with enough chew to make it worth the bite. And fresh. Hot! The other Workers and Soldiers savored their bites, masticating the morsel slowly.
First Yellow Splatters’ table, then the others. Pawn walked down the room, doling out the bread loaves in tiny pieces, so that every Worker and Soldier got a piece. He was so preoccupied with his task he barely noticed the other Worker sitting at a far table until he handed the last piece of bread and looked up.
“Anand?”
The [Strategist] regarded the piece of bread thoughtfully in his hand. He was eating from a bowl with a bunch of the Workers who had been turned into [Archers]. They carried their bows everywhere they went. Archer B23 was nibbling at his bite of bread. Anand just looked intrigued.
“Hello, Pawn. It is good to see you. I had to come here to witness your Skill for myself. You have leveled up.”
“I—yes. I have. Four days ago, I gained this Skill.”
Pawn stared at Anand. He hadn’t seen his friend, one of the original Workers, for nearly two weeks. It happened like that, even in the Hive. Anand was a [Strategist], always working to keep the Hive safe. Now, Anand carefully bit into the piece of bread. His mandibles tore a piece loose and he consumed it.
“Hm. It tastes exactly like the bread Miss Erin gave us. The very bread that made us sick. You recall?”
“How could I not? I think that is the memory that makes this bread.”
Anand nodded.
