6.62 L
Page 28
No—his, now. Ulinde sat in a chair in an inn that wasn’t The Wandering Inn. He had been banned, and unlike Palt, hadn’t tried to get in Erin Solstice’s good graces. The Selphid wore a slightly rotten body, of a heavyset man who had died of a heart attack.
It…wasn’t a good body, even for a desperate Selphid. His muscles were atrophied, and he stank, even with Ulinde’s best attempts to make the body not smell. The Drake [Innkeeper] had charged him just to have a seat. Ulinde had paid that, but he was visibly upset. The blubbery face, slightly bloated with the dead man’s gasses being released, crinkled into an expression of grief.
It was an ugly sight. And no one, Drakes or Gnolls, wanted to sit anywhere near him, hence the corner booth. Yet, someone was sitting with Ulinde, as he made faint crying sounds out of the dead man’s mouth.
“It’s not fair. I wanted to be friends with Miss Ivirith so much. But now she hates me. Why did Montressa have to pick a fight? I didn’t want to do it! I thought Pisces was a criminal! I never wanted to fight anyone else or get in trouble! I came here just so I could meet Miss Ivirith and now—”
His nose didn’t run, since there wasn’t any mucus left. Instead, a squelching noise came from within the Selphid’s body. That was gross too. Honestly, it was hard, even for someone who knew Selphids to be around Ulinde’s current body. But Moore did his best. He gingerly, very gingerly, patted Ulinde on the back.
“It’s fine. I’m sure Jelaqua will forgive you. I did.”
“But she was so mad.”
Tearfully—or rather, tearfully if her body still had unrotted tear ducts—Ulinde turned to the half-Giant. Moore had a drink in front of him. He’d had two so far and he waved for another now. A Drake [Server] rushed up, dropped the drink, and rushed away. Moore couldn’t blame him.
Ulinde was a mess. Moore had found him curled up in front of the inn like this. The Selphid was so distraught he couldn’t manage his body properly, and that was a problem, especially given that his current corpse was beyond decayed. Moore had experience with bodies and he knew Jelaqua would have considered this vessel an act of sheer desperation to inhabit. But Selphids needed corpses and Ulinde had run out.
The half-Giant cleared his throat, looking around the mostly vacated inn. The [Innkeeper] mouthed ‘get it out’ across the inn’s floor. Moore waved a hand at him and the Drake stormed away. Ulinde had paid the Drake in gold. That was surely enough.
“Miss Ulinde. I’m sure Jelaqua will forgive you. But please pull yourself together.”
He meant it literally. The younger Selphid groaned.
“I’m trying! But—but—she was so—it hurt. I had a bit of healing potion, but—she hurt me! It hurt so much!”
Moore nodded. He didn’t know what Jelaqua had done, but he’d been told Selphids could fight battles with their real forms. And whatever Jelaqua had done, Ulinde was still recovering. He turned to him, face wretched.
“I know I deserved it! And I’m so sorry about attacking you—”
“It’s fine. You’ve apologized many times.”
Moore rubbed at his chest, murmuring. Ulinde shook his head.
“It’s not fine! The Halfseekers are my heroes! And I—I—”
He made another blubbering sound. Moore tried another pat on the shoulders and realized Ulinde might not have the nerves to feel it. He spoke soothingly.
“I forgive you, Miss Ulinde. You were fighting with your team. You must simply apologize to Jelaqua. And Seborn.”
“I will. But it’s not enough! I wanted you to like me!”
The [Spellslinger] wailed. Moore winced. After a moment, the half-Giant took another huge gulp of his drink.
