6.62 L
Page 22
“It is true that the undead are a valuable labor force. Cheaper than Golems or other constructs, or summoned beings. Some nations have used them in place of regular workers. Some still do, like Khelt. But it is also true that the undead can…lose control. Even experienced [Necromancers] risk that. And I have certainly experienced the same.”
“Huh. But under your direct control?”
“Never. Even so, I imagine they would be unwelcome. I will refrain from using undead unless it comes to battle. And then, Bone Horrors.”
“Bone Horrors?”
The whisper came from the side. Yvlon looked up and saw a young woman in Thunder’s Solace look away quickly. Pisces paused, but then nodded.
“I can animate Bone Horrors. They are completely under my control.”
Thunder’s Solace stared at him and looked at each other. Caddin muttered something and they moved back a bit, marching even further from the Horns of Hammerad. Yvlon clenched her jaw and flexed one arm.
“It’s safe, Caddin. It’s like having a [Summoner] on the team. Relax and stop being such cowards.”
Alais glanced back over her shoulder. Ceria glared at Yvlon, but the stinging words did make Thunder’s Solace drift closer. Yvlon turned and saw Ksmvr staring at her arm.
“The [Healer] said you should not exacerbate your arm, Yvlon.”
“True. Are you well enough to fight, Yvlon? I inspected your arm and the bone supports are stable. Your flesh on the other hand…”
Pisces eyed Yvlon. She shook her head impatiently.
“She said it might provoke the infection—or cure it. It’s a risk. Either way, if I’m wounded, I’d rather use a potion than die.”
“But you could rest—”
“And do what? Sit around? It’s just a minor infection, anyways. That’s what she said.”
“But it may get worse. What if it does?”
“Then it does. Ksmvr, there’s no fixing my arms. Short of visiting someone like the fabled Healer of Tenbault.”
“There may be a way to remove the metal from the bone. As I said, it is beyond me at present, but I have hopes that at Level 40, it may be possible…”
“Well then, we adventure until then. Hey, Pisces, you saw the other teams, right? I’ll have to introduce you to Captain Kam. You noticed the scales on the side of her face? She’s got a Drake mother, but don’t bring that up. And Pelico’s team, with the [Raider]? They’re a bit shady—they’ll take contracts that aren’t sanctioned by the guild, but they’re decent. I know Pelico. Well, my team had issues back with his in the day. Thefts. But we sorted it out. Still, watch your coin purses…”
The Horns began chatting, relaxing as they continued marching. In time, Ceria drifted back with them and they adopted a moving, sometimes chattering, sometimes silent pace as Thunder’s Solace did the same. It was nearly two hours before Hissle called a halt. He’d received a [Message] on the portable scroll and he pointed.
“Another team’s found a nest. We’ve been asked to help in clearing it. This way.”
The adventurers felt a spike of excitement flood them. Yvlon nodded to Ceria and checked her sword. They hurried after Hissle, suddenly ready for a fight. It was a familiar feeling to the career adventurers. Guard duty like this was tedium filled with moments of danger.
But this time it wasn’t an ambush or a sudden fight. Another team, the Hauntgheists, had discovered one of the threats to the new road in a series of natural dirt entrances in the hills. Pelico and the [Scout] came back, stealthily sliding back down the hill to all three teams.
“We’ve got monsters. And not docile types either.”
“What’ve we got?”
