6.62 L
Page 11
Anand looked up. He hadn’t noticed it, exhausted as he was. But it was true. Another wave was approaching. Despairing, he stared at the remaining Soldiers and Workers. Yellow Splatters turned, stumbling, and raised all four fists. Anand called out.
“Should more Antinium be called, Revalantor?”
“No. Step back. Observe.”
The two Antinium hesitated as Klbkch walked forwards. His hands were on his swords. He looked up. Spoke shortly.
“My Queen?”
Direct control is mine, Klbkchhezeim.
The voice echoed in Anand and Yellow Splatter’s minds. They started. The Free Queen. Anand had not heard her in—ever since he had become a [Strategist], he had taken control of the Antinium fighting. Only when he and Belgrade had slept did she take over. And rarely did she speak so, with words instead of orders.
But now she did. Klbkch nodded. He looked ahead. Anand saw a shape through the tunnel and bodies ahead. He froze.
Flesh Worms. And undead. A horde of them! Eight Flesh Worms and nearly ten times that many undead! For a last wave, it was too much, for fifty-odd wounded Antinium. He opened his mandibles to say so—
And Klbkch drew his swords. They made a soft sound in the shadowed room. But they gleamed like silver. Klbkch’s voice rang. And the Queen’s presence grew stronger. Klbkch strode forwards, towards the oncoming horde. And he shouted.
“Antinium. Forwards!”
The order pulsed in the air, a telepathic command. These were not his usual orders, precise and controlled, but lacking emotion. Yellow Splatters and Anand started. Then they felt something else.
In her quarters, the Free Queen stopped eating from the tray Garry had prepared. She looked up. And the Queen spoke, in the silent room, and in the minds of the Antinium.
Forwards!
The exhausted Soldiers and Workers charged. The command was electric. Anand caught himself running. Yellow Splatters had to grab him to hold him back. They watched as the fifty Antinium surged after Klbkch. This wasn’t morale. This was something beyond morale. The Workers and Soldiers made no sound, but that was because they were screaming in their heads.
The Queen! For the Queen! Death! DEATH!
Even the Flesh Worms seemed taken aback at the Antinium’s ferocity. They hesitated, rearing up, their huge, sinuous bodies poised to lash with incredible strength. Klbkch’s swords were shining as he ran at the undead. The first wave of Ghouls sprinted at him ahead of the Flesh Worms. One leapt and Klbkch moved.
A blur of chitin and silver. His swords moved so fast that Anand couldn’t track them. They sheared through flesh, bone, shell—Klbkch cut through three Ghouls and scythed through a group of zombies. He didn’t even slow; with the next move, he was in front of a Flesh Worm. The monster lashed out with its two whip-like ‘arms’, trying to drag the chitin off his body, steal the flesh from his bones.
Klbkch’s swords flashed and a tendril twisted, severed. The worm screamed, striking with its head to bite—Klbkch twisted. He cut it across the head, twice down the body. Jumped back. His swords never stopped moving as the Flesh Worm convulsed. The Flesh Worm tried to writhe back upwards, but then the Antinium were on it. Three Soldiers grabbed its head. Two grabbed the body and the five tore the partially-severed head off.
Anand stared as the Antinium began to take apart the attack wave. It wasn’t just Klbkch, although he left only death in his trail. No—if Yellow Splatters was watching Klbkch, mandibles agape, it was the regular Antinium being controlled by the Queen that stunned Anand.
