6.62 L
Page 13
“It was lost to me in the Rite of Anastases. I have yet to gain many of my Skills back. I understand you have recovered yours, Yellow Splatters.”
“Yes, Revalantor Klbkch. Is it—can you use Skills you do not own?”
Klbkch turned his head and nodded as he cleaned his blades.
“Some Skills are impossible to copy with mere physical technique, such as [Triple Thrust], which is three literally simultaneous strikes. However, others are simply crystallizations of form. Some can be learnt. If it were possible, I would instruct you, Yellow Splatters. However, all the Centenium experts of unarmed combat were lost to sea during the crossing. Nevertheless, I will attempt to do so. Later. Report to me tomorrow at the same time. And we shall continue your instruction”
“Tomorrow?”
“Again?”
Both Antinium reacted, greatly surprised. Klbkch nodded coolly.
“The Hive may not have an excess of Soldiers, so I will instruct Yellow Splatters in the function of combat and leadership. Strategist Anand will also learn to split his attention and engage non-monster foes. Including [Mages], different species, and airborne foes. I will make an allowance of my time outside of my [Guardsman] duties in the Watch for this. Do you have any objections?”
“No, Revalantor.”
“No.”
The Antinium replied. Klbkch nodded and strode off. It was so brisk and detached that it caught Anand and Yellow Splatters off-guard. They watched him go. But that was Klbkch. Yellow Splatters looked around. Then one of the Soldiers fell down. He was bleeding severely from the chest.
“Healing potion.”
Yellow Splatters reached for his belt, but he’d used all the ones allotted to him. He turned to Anand, but the [Strategist] had given him his only one as well. The [Sergeant] looked around. Then he turned to the Antinium.
“Pick him up. We go to Pawn. Now! Run!”
The wounded Antinium gathered up the dying Soldier and they raced from the room. More Soldiers and Workers filing in made way for them. Anand watched them go. And then he was truly alone. He looked around. Klbkch was gone. The Queen was busy. Yellow Splatters was gone.
That left only him. And it had happened so fast that Anand hadn’t been able to ask the thing he’d been meaning to ask all day. He looked around. His hearts were pounding too hard. But he had to do it.
 
—-
 
Klbkch was working at his desk, writing up some observations, making a note to have the Listeners find out more about Mister Soot and Bearclaw for his job, and so on when Anand poked his head around the corner of the entryway. Klbkch looked up sharply.
“Strategist Anand. What is it?”
“Revalantor, I wished to confer with you about an additional detail that I did not have the opportunity to earlier. Is now an acceptable time?”
“Yes. Enter.”
Anand did. He was fidgeting, clearly nervous. Klbkch eyed him. His hands reflexively twitched towards his sides. But Anand was no Aberration. Klbkch spoke crisply.
“What is it? I have little time to waste.”
He didn’t have any. With his duties in the Hive, he generally had three hours to sleep before he had to work. Anand wavered, but then he spoke, clasping all four hands behinds his back.
“Revalantor Klbkch, would I be right in assuming I am the most valuable, most useful member of the Individuals?”
“That is a presumptuous statement.”
Klbkch was getting back to his paperwork. He underlined a number—the Hive’s budget. It was almost always positive, but today it was negative. The Council wanted funds, and he was prepared to give them more than they wanted. If he could receive more concessions. Or perhaps not?
