6.62 L
Page 9
The [Strategist] stood upright. His antennae began to move in rhythmic patterns and the Workers and Soldiers looked towards him. But then Yellow Splatters spoke.
They came. Monsters flooded the tunnels, drawn from the dungeon in a killing rage. Yellow Splatters strode past the lines of Workers and Soldiers as they moved to create formations, bracing, readying themselves for battle. The [Sergeant]’s voice was a roar. He had no time for speeches, so he gave none.
“I am Yellow Splatters. Follow me, and live! Live, until the day you see Heaven. Charge!”
Here they came. Anand saw suits of armor, enchanted metal, charging down the hallways, armed with steel. He groaned. They were a hard foe. But then he heard Yellow Splatters’ voice. And he saw the Antinium race after him.
The Antinium needed no morale. And yet—the first wave of Soldiers hit the suits of armor, undead, and Flesh Worms with a ferocity that took even Anand back. He saw them swarming around the yellow-speckled shell of Yellow Splatters, fighting like—
“Demons. Move forwards Workers there. Flanking—pull back injured Soldiers from Flesh Worm there—”
“What was that, Strategist Anand? Pull back Yellow Splatters and the vanguard. They are overreaching.”
Instantly, the [Strategist] did. He was silent for a moment, concentrating. The first wave of monsters was coming down this tunnel, but more and more were approaching, and he had to move his forces to intercept.
“I have heard an expression, Revalantor Klbkch. It is said of a particularly efficacious group of warriors that ‘they fought like Demons’.”
The Revalantor watched with both arms folded. He surveyed the battlefield and clicked his mandibles as he watched Shield Spiders flood from another tunnel. Soldiers sprinted to engage, sending the smaller ones flying.
“I have seen Demons. Some fight well. The Antinium do boast increased ability under Yellow Splatters. Their morale is higher. Especially the Soldiers, which is useful. They will not break easily.”
“Yes, Revalantor. Um—”
Anand was fumbling. He had to do well! No, perfectly! He tried to spread his thoughts across the battlefield. This was so much more than chess! Remember what Erin had told him about Klbkch. He could be—he was like—
“Soldiers do not break, surely, Revalantor?”
“I have seen it done. They do not break as other species do. But the…versions produced on Izril can be broken. Side tunnels four spots. Pull back, encircle, strike.”
Klbkch accompanied the words with a flash of mental images, showing Anand exactly what he wanted done. The [Strategist] struggled to keep up. He was trying to protect Yellow Splatters, hold a conversation and micro-manage Soldiers and Workers from afar all at once!
He began making mistakes—and Antinium died. Klbkch watched, hands on his sword hilts. He was keeping an eye out for Yellow Splatters as well. But he kept speaking, and the conversation was almost casual!
“Strategist Anand, as part of your training, you will visit The Wandering Inn twice a week. Scheduling has been made to allow you this time in order to level up more quickly. Her initial effect which created your group of Individuals has not been replicated since, despite efforts, although she can facilitate the creation of Autonomous individual’s mindsets. Is it your opinion that the Autonomous-class of Antinium might become Individual with more exposure to Erin Solstice?”
“I—”
