6.62 L
Page 15
Ceria muttered. It was midmorning; they’d been assigned to the second shift of adventuring teams. The half-Elf was clearly nervous as she looked at Pisces. But the [Necromancer] just nodded tightly. He’d agreed to come.
“Whenever you are ready, Ceria.”
He made no snide comment. Nor did he sniff. Even his customary look of disdain was gone. It was proof that he was trying. Since they’d made up after their argument, the [Necromancer] had been trying to be pleasant. And his team trusted him. But the knowledge of the bounty and Wistram still hung over them.
That was why Yvlon turned to Ksmvr. The [Skirmisher] was tense; she could see his three hands hovering around his weapons. So the [Wounded Warrior] reached out and put an arm around Ksmvr’s shoulders. He started; Yvlon squeezed. She could feel the sensation vaguely, but parts of her arm were—numb. She smiled at him.
“It will be fine. Right, Ceria? We’re used to gossip. But I promise I won’t start any fights.”
The half-Elf blinked, but then smiled at her friend. She cast a glance at Pisces.
“That’s right. You know Yvlon, always getting us in hot water. As bad as—Calruz.”
Pisces blinked. But then a smile flashed across his features.
“I’ve often made the comparison.”
Ksmvr’s head turned from Pisces to Ceria and then he gave Yvlon a stare. She grinned, and the Antinium slowly nodded after a second.
“Ah. This is humor. Ha! Hahaha…ha?”
He trailed off. The rest of the Horns of Hammerad did laugh then. Yvlon squeezed Ksmvr’s shoulder gently. Ah, Ksmvr. She’d always wanted a younger brother. It was hard being the youngest sibling in the Byres family. When the family had a [Merchant] and [Knight] to uphold both sides of the family, what was the third sibling to do?
Do this. Yvlon looked at Pisces. She nodded to him, and saw his chin rise. She met his eyes for a moment, then tilted her head towards the door.
“Let’s go in, then.”
It was Yvlon who pushed open the door to the guild. And the Horns of Hammerad followed her. The adventurers, nearly six teams in total, looked up and stared as they walked in. For a moment there was silence. Every eye fell on Pisces. Then someone spoke.
“Ceria! Dead gods, you’re alright!”
Captain Kam trotted over. The [Bow Rider] and Captain of the Whistling Bows looked at Ceria, relief written across her face. She looked Ceria and Yvlon up and down, anxiously. Yvlon blinked.
“You managed to beat those damn mages? We woke up in the bar after being hit by those dead gods damned [Mages]. And when we woke up, it was all over. And we heard—”
She glanced at Pisces. Ceria smiled, but tightly.
“We’re fine, Kam. Are you alright? We didn’t get to ask.”
“What? Most of us just got webbed. We’ve been back at work the last two days. But it’s good to see you’re all well. Yvlon. Ksm—kissemveir. And—”
She looked at Pisces. But then, she already knew who he saw. Pisces tried to smile, but Yvlon saw his face was tight. Ceria coughed and gestured at him. She raised her voice to be heard.
“This is Pisces, Kam. Pisces, this is Captain Kam, an old friend. Kam, Pisces is our fourth member. He’s a—”
“[Necromancer].”
The word came from behind Kam. Yvlon looked up. One of the adventurers had said that. They were all staring at Pisces. Some hard, others with distaste, a few warily. Kam hesitated.
“Oh. Right. I heard—it’s good to see you, Ceria. We’ll catch up if we can during the work. And you—nice to meet you. Pisces.”
“Likewise.”
