6.62 L
Page 31
“You don’t need to give us anything.”
“Shut up. And you, Selphid. Why do you care so much about meeting us?”
Seborn glared at Ulinde. The Selphid gulped.
“You’re—I’m a fan of the Halfseekers.”
“We don’t have fans. You don’t know anything about us.”
Seborn glared at Ulinde, echoing Moore. Ulinde shook his head, eyes wide in protest.
“No! I do! Seborn Sailwinds, a former [Pirate], right? I’ve heard stories about you! You were the [Rogue] who slew the Cyclops by yourself when your entire team was downed! I heard it took you five minutes to take him down! You’re a hero.”
She stared at Seborn. The Drowned Man blinked. Moore blinked. They stared at Ulinde. Moore looked at his teammate.
“They tell stories about us?”
“All the time. In Selphid communities. You don’t know?”
Ulinde was wide-eyed. She looked at the Drowned Man as he wavered. Ulinde spoke hurriedly.
“Please, I’d love to ask the real legends what it was like! I grew up hearing tales of how your group fought through the Caverns of Eils! And how you rescue people who are—are different. Like Selphids! Can I buy you a drink? Please.”
The Drowned Man hesitated. He looked at Moore, then at Ulinde. After a moment, he looked around the inn, and then wrinkled his nose at Ulinde.
“Your body is disgusting. Even Jelaqua would let you have a body. I suppose. You can borrow one of hers. So…what have you heard about our team?”
He led the way out of the inn, much to the Drake [Innkeeper]’s relief. Behind him, Moore rolled his eyes, a rare look of annoyance on his face. But they both felt it. A sense of wonder. They had…fans?
 
—-
 
Lyonette du Marquin stared out the window of Zevara’s office as Moore, Seborn, and Ulinde passed by. She’d spotted them because, well, all three were fairly noticeable. She nearly fumbled getting the last coin out of her belt pouch, but caught it before it could tumble off the desk. She placed it down with a flourish.
“There.”
Zevara eyed the three gold coins. She nodded briskly and swept them across the desk.
“That’s nineteen so far. Your bounty is nearly half-paid, Miss Lyonette. But why not have that Human pay it all for you? I’m sure she can.”
She eyed Lyonette. The [Princess] was sitting in Zevara’s office. She had just stopped here to pay off more of the fine on her artifacts, but to her surprise, Zevara had invited her into the office. The Watch Captain had a small stack of papers, but she’d clearly made time to speak to Lyonette.
The [Worldly Princess] smiled at Zevara. She didn’t try to be charming, but she did try to charm Zevara, as naturally as possible. The Watch Captain was someone she could respect, and she had actually been hoping to meet with her. She felt at her belt as she replied, conversationally.
“That’s my salary. I haven’t asked Erin to pay off the rest of it. She could, but frankly, she needs it all for her inn’s renovations. The taxes also ate into her funds.”
Zevara nodded. She and Lyonette had a civil relationship, far better than she had with Erin. The two respected each other in fact. Zevara glanced with interest as Lyonette pulled a little bag out and put it on the table.
“You manage Miss Solstice’s coin? That’s unusual for a [Barmaid].”
“Well, I’m a bit more than that for the inn. I have to be. Erin’s a good [Innkeeper] in some ways—poor in others. For instance, she manages her finances as well as Mrsha in front of a street vendor with hot food.”
Zevara snorted.
“I can only imagine. What’s this?”
Lyonette smiled as the Drake prodded the bag with a claw. She pushed it forwards.
