6.62 L
Page 5
From their tables, the [Strategist] and [Sergeant] rose to their feet. They strode towards Klbkch. The Revalantor stared at them. His voice was flat. Cold.
He looked at them like…insects. Or rather, not with disgust so much as a remove. Dispassion. For all they had many of the same features, they were different.
He was True Antinium. Ancient. As separate from the other Antinium as the Queen. They’d all known it, even when Klbkch had worn a Worker’s body. Now, Klbkch just looked the part. He strode out of the room, and Anand and Yellow Splatters followed.
It was quiet when they left. Workers and Soldiers sat at their tables, finishing their meals. Pawn looked after the three Antinium. But they had left his world. This barracks, this place of comfort, of…of memory, from the markings in paint on the walls to the little pile of books, that was what he had built. That, and The Wandering Inn. He could do nothing to change the fate of the Antinium outside this room. And even those inside would fight and some would die.
But still. Pawn walked along the room. He put his hands on Workers and Soldier’s shoulders. And he murmured.
“[Benediction of Hope].”
Three times he whispered the Skill. Three times, a group of Antinium straightened. And they relaxed. They looked up. And they raised their mandibles. Smiling. Hope shone in them. It was all Pawn could do.
Some of the waiting Antinium had injuries. Deep cuts in their carapaces, injuries that had cracked their shells, revealing green blood. To those, Pawn used another Skill.
“[Heal Minor Wounds]. Be healed. Be better. I am sorry I cannot heal you all.”
He could barely heal twelve before fatigue forced him to stop. But the Antinium never complained. In fact, they moved away with the twelfth cured Worker, refusing to let Pawn try again. They had seen him overdo it in days before. Pawn would have used his Skill till collapsing, three more times, but he knew that might mean he could heal less tomorrow.
So he endured. All of his pain was pain of the heart. Pain of the soul, trying to tend to his…his flock. They had to endure real pain.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry! I wish I could help you all! I wish I was not so weak! I shouldn’t go above, to the inn. You should go in my place. I wish—”
Sometimes it burst out of him. Workers and Soldiers turned as Pawn looked around. The Worker hurt. He hurt for all of them. But they never said a word. Slowly, they surrounded him. A pair of Soldiers, one missing an arm, the other scarred, but whole, approached. They hugged at Pawn, gingerly. And the Worker felt their cold embrace. But that calmed him. Soothed him.
He looked at Chesacre and Thaina. They had chosen unique names. And they had named themselves, using the alphabet in the corner of the room. They had written their names on their fronts. And they were a pair. They had danced together in the darkness of the dungeon after their fellow Soldiers had died. And they had been saved by…a skeleton. From Face Stealer itself.
“I’m sorry. I don’t mean to scare you. I just wish you could all be happy and never suffer again.”
Pawn whispered as he hugged the two Soldiers. Chesacre and Thaina gathered around him. And so did all the other Antinium. Purple Smiles, the Archer groups. Silently hugging him. And Pawn relaxed. He opened his arms and looked at them all.
“I will try to make you happy. Come. Belgrade is overseeing construction at the inn. Purple Smiles, let’s lead a patrol. Chesacre, Thaina, will you watch the others while we’re gone?”
