6.62 L
Page 17
“That’s all I wanted to say. Pisces isn’t evil. And he’s part of my team. My teammate, get it? He’s helped save Liscor at least three times, and he’s my friend. Wistram doesn’t get him, and if anyone wants to claim that bounty, I’ll—I’ll find out what you taste like.”
The adventurers stared. Ceria heard a sound from behind her as her brain caught up with her mouth. She turned her head and saw Yvlon looking away, covering her mouth with her hand. Ceria slowly turned red all the way up to her pointed ears. Pisces coughed and covered his mouth.
“Was that a threat?”
One of Kam’s teammates whispered incredulously. Captain Kam glanced at the red-faced Ceria. One of Walt’s adventurers grinned.
“She can find out what I taste like.”
Someone laughed. Kam just turned her head and fixed the man with a cool look.
“Kedel, Ceria eats bugs. I once saw her try to eat a squirrel raw. Ever wonder how she survived in those coffins for days on end? She might actually try to eat you.”
Kam nodded at Ceria’s skeletal hand. Kedel paused uneasily. Ceria turned an even brighter red.
“I didn’t—”
“That was Kam’s way of helping. Shh.”
Yvlon nudged Ceria. Then both women turned and looked at Pisces. They saw his closed expression had changed. He looked—amused. He was still trying not to guffaw in their faces. Ceria flushed again, but then she smiled.
Slowly, the Horns walked forwards. The other teams didn’t encircle them, but they didn’t pull back. Pisces murmured to Ceria as they stood together.
“I appreciate the gesture.”
“I’m just…doing what I should have done a while back. Mind you, I still owe you a good kick for keeping what you were a secret from me. We were best friends.”
“Yes. I suppose I should have told you. But I was nervous. Imagine what would have happened if I had confessed my identity another time?”
“I could have handled it. I hope. It was just because it was so sudden, back then. And everyone was telling me…”
“Hey. You’re the [Necromancer].”
One of the adventurers spoke up. Ceria and Pisces froze. They turned and saw a scarred adventurer, part of Pelico’s team, look over. Pelico, the [Rogue] and leader of Hauntgheist, was right behind him. Pisces nodded tightly, but then put a smile on his face.
“That is correct. And you are, sir?”
The guild waited. The scarred adventurer looked Pisces up and down. Then he grinned crookedly.
“Desril. I ran with a [Necromancer] once. Back in the day. My gang and I were [Raiders] far north of here. ‘Round the Eldessale Foothills. Bitch’s name was Smola. I hated her guts. But my gang got used to the smell of her fucking corpses. And they made great shields. You know her?”
Pisces blinked.
“Not personally. I can assure you I will not use any corpses of people. And refrain from using necromancy unduly. I know more spells outside my field.”
Desril shrugged, grinning crookedly. Yvlon glanced at Pelico and the [Rogue] nodded at her.
“Don’t bother me. I like having bodies in front of me in a fight.”
“What happened to this Smola, may I ask?”
“She got knifed in the middle of the night because she was a damn [Thief].”
“Ah. A common hazard among [Necromancers]. This is why I prefer the company of the undead.”
Pisces’ face was completely straight. The joke made Desril laugh. And it even got laughs from some other adventurers, out of shock more than anything else. But it eased the tension again. Desril squared his shoulders, eying Pisces up and down. The [Necromancer] looked just as interested.
“So you are a former raider, Mister Desril?”
