6.62 L
Page 25
The harder part was actually clearing the cave. Only Pisces and Ceria knew flame spells and theirs were weak. Armed with torches, the adventurers headed into the cave and began igniting the eggs or just stomping on them. The half-formed moths came out of their eggs, biting and making screeching sounds. It was ugly work and Ceria needed a bath when it was done.
Everyone did. Yvlon cursed as she tried to scrape goo from her armor. Ceria obligingly showered her with some water, but even that didn’t help. Tired, disgusted, the adventurers were relieved when Hissle announced they were done for the day.
“There’s no point in continuing the scouting tired. We’ll head back, let you take a break, and get clean. Good work, Humans.”
He led them at a slow trot back towards the road. The adventurers moved in weary silence, a few speculating about leveling up, or muttering jokes. Talking. They were all more easy around each other, having fought together. Ceria was complimenting Alais’ spells. The [Aeromancer] grinned.
“Your [Ice Walls] put my [Lightning Bolt] to shame, Ceria. That’s a great new spell. Lots of utility. And fast.”
“Well, I’ve been practicing. You have to, you know.”
Behind her Yvlon snorted. Ceria turned red. Alais glanced at the Horns, and then, to Ceria’s surprise, addressed Pisces for the first time.
“So, you’re a [Necromancer]. Pisces, right? We talked in Celum’s Guild. Before the brawl.”
He looked up from a conversation with Ksmvr about the Bloodfields. Pisces nodded.
“That’s right, Captain Alais.”
“Why’d you ever want to be…you know? I mean, it’s it disgust—isn’t it—”
The woman gestured at him uncomfortably. Pisces paused. Ceria knew everyone was listening in. She hoped—
But she didn’t need to. Instead of answering Alais with a sniff, Pisces nodded, keeping his face open and polite.
“Personal preference, Captain Alais. You prefer lightning magic, do you not? I have an affinity with death magic. And to be honest, I enjoy [Necromancy].”
“How? Don’t you find it—I mean, those are dead bodies. No offense, but I can’t imagine using people as tools. Or making zombies.”
Alais was struggling to express herself and Ceria knew how she felt. Pisces paused thoughtfully. He looked around, pausing as he met Ceria’s eyes.
“I believe there is a certain elegance to [Necromancy]. I understand many find it abhorrent. And I do not personally enjoy the presence of rotten corpses. Zombies, Ghouls, Fleshwalkers—I do see the inherent horror on them. Which is why my specialization is bone. That may not make my abilities more appealing, but [Necromancy] is not all just raising the dead.”
He reached for his side and produced a white bone, a femur. Alais shivered, but Pisces lifted it. The bone spun in the air, shedding bits and pieces, changing, the fragments moving to one side. Yvlon stared. Pisces was sculpting the bone! He spoke casually.
“It is true it comes from death. But there is a beauty in it. Like so.”
The pieces of bone fell away, revealing a flower in its place. A rose, made of bone. Sculpted, nearly perfect in detail. Pisces presented the flower made out of bone to Alais. She stared at it and hesitated. She nearly reached for it, but Pisces withdrew it, much to her visible relief.
“That is one of the abilities that many do not associate with [Necromancy]. The Bone Horror was made in much that fashion, Captain Alais. It was made solely from bear bone, by the way. Does that make you uncomfortable?”
