6.62 L
Page 29
“How did you know about our team, Miss Ulinde? We’re not famous.”
At least, Moore didn’t think they were. The Halfseekers in their glory days had been a good Gold-rank team, but Ulinde hailed from Baleros. Yet the Selphid looked incredulous.
“What? But you’re like, famous among Selphids! All the ones I know, at least!”
“We are?”
Moore blinked. Ulinde nodded rapidly, coming out of his funk.
“Definitely! Don’t you know? There are so few Gold-rank teams that aren’t pure Selphid! Let alone on other continents! When I heard there was an opportunity to meet you, I just had to! And Miss Ivirith is famous too! She was a Silver-rank adventurer in Baleros.”
“She mentioned that. She’s…older than I am.”
“She’s over five decades old, I think. I really respect her. She started as a Bronze-rank adventurer and made it to Gold-rank! With a team of non-Selphids. I really admire that. And—I wanted to talk to her because I have a…relative of hers. Well, my—parent? Knew her, growing up.”
“Really?”
Moore blinked. Ulinde nodded a few times and took a sip of his drink.
“We’re not related, because it’s complicated with Selphids how we…make new Selphids. Not babies. But I had a progenitor who said they knew Miss Ivirith; they were both coiled together in the same body!”
“Coiling. That’s…”
The half-Giant frowned, recalling Jelaqua speaking of it once. Ulinde gestured at his body.
“It’s a thing baby Selphids do when they’re um…born? Split, really. You get a bunch of little Selphids and you put them in a body so they figure out how to…do things. They can’t be outside, but they can’t work a body; no one’s big enough. So you work together for a few years until you can do it yourself.”
“That’s interesting.”
Moore’s stomach roiled a bit, imagining it. And it wasn’t hard—he knew what Jelaqua looked like. Ulinde nodded, then slumped in his chair.
“Now she hates me.”
“She doesn’t hate you. She…”
The half-Giant trailed off. He couldn’t lie well. Ulinde looked up at Moore.
“I am so sorry. Again. If there’s anything I can do—I’ll do it. I want to make amends. I’m so sorry.”
“It’s fine. It’s interesting you say you’re a fan of the Halfseekers, though. We don’t have fans.”
“You do among Selphids! I know a bunch of others who were so torn up when we heard about the Halfseekers dying. And—and I am a huge fan. I’m sorry, I’ve heard stories about Moore the [Green Mage]! If you have time, I’d love to talk to you.”
The half-rotted, middle-aged man edged over in the chair, looking up eagerly at the half-Giant. Moore scooted away quickly. Ulinde’s face fell as he glanced down at his body. Flustered, he moved back.
“Oh. The body. I’m so sorry. It’s just that I don’t have many—it’s hard to import them even at Wistram, and my other two got maggots. In the bag of holding. People think living things can’t survive in bags of holding, but really, that’s just because the spell doesn’t let air in. So I didn’t catch them and when I checked the bodies out, there were so many maggots that I couldn’t eat all of—”
She saw Moore’s expression and stopped. The half-Giant paused.
“It’s just the rot. I’m familiar with Jelaqua, don’t worry. But even for me, it’s difficult.”
“I know. I am so sorry—”
“It’s fine. Do you—do you have any other bodies? Or can you find any? At all?”
Ulinde slumped in her chair.
