6.62 L
Page 43
But not right now. Right now, Toren only had one thing in mind. It overrode everything. And that was the thing. He could be anything. He had tried to be anything, a friend to adventurers, a skeleton who created rather than just killed. He could learn. Level. Grow.
But one thing had anchored him. Given him purpose. He had rebelled against her, hated her, and loved her too. In his way. She was the center of his being. The reason for his creation. There was one thing that gave Toren purpose, rooted him. Held him back, and pushed him forwards.
And that was Erin Solstice. She had so many things, so many people she loved. For others, she had dared death and given all that she had. But she had never extended the same to him. He, alone, had never had anything from her. He alone had always been a thing. And she had turned the bugs into people and saved Goblins.
But he, he alone. He had nothing from her. And he had tried to let her die. Perhaps it was fitting that she had tried to kill him from afar. If it was her.
And if it was her? Toren leaned against the wall and looked up. He had been a poor servant. But he had just wanted something from her. Something he’d never had. He couldn’t name it. The skeleton supposed that he’d just wanted something like the way she smiled at the people who came to her inn. But that had been denied.
Perhaps she was dead. And that would be a terrible thing. For she had defined his world. He could still remember the song. But perhaps she was alive. And she had tried to kill him. And if so, if so—he would go above and find out.
Silently, the undead waited. Toren reached for his sword. He touched it, and then looked at the mask. It lay silent on the ground. And Toren felt an empty part in his being. He’d remake it. He’d change. He’d…do something. But only if she was dead.
And if she lives? If she is alive?
Then…
Toren knew so little. But he knew this. If she was the inspiration, the living, beating heart of the inn who acted according to her heart, he was her dark shadow. Erin was resolve, courage, and the audacity to do as she pleased, what she thought was right. And he? He was the dark side of her triumph. He was the mistake that had never died.
He was the consequence.
 

