6.62 L
Page 40
Bevussa looked testily at Keldrass. They were standing and talking. All the adventurers were gossiping about the latest news. But the two team captains were reserved enough to voice their opinions only to each other. The Drake was glowering, but Bevussa was more thoughtful. She shrugged.
“I saw it. But—look, we’ve been around this Pisces fellow for ages. He even fought for Liscor! Against the moths, Skinner—”
“He’s a damn [Necromancer]. How can that [Innkeeper] tolerate him?”
“Get over it, Keldrass. You know her. She likes the [Necromancer] so he stays. Just like the Hobgoblin, the Antinium—frankly, it’s one of the reasons why we don’t go there every time.”
“My team as well. I just can’t sit across from that Hobgoblin.”
“Hey—you saw them fighting the Humans.”
“So?”
“I’m not saying you’re wrong about how you feel, Keldrass. Dead gods, I’ve fought Goblins as much as you. But all I’m saying is—it’s her inn. Her rules. And there’s such a thing as variety. Not all Goblins are bad. That’s what I’ve concluded. And if that’s so, why not all [Necromancers]?”
The Drake hesitated. He folded his arms, growling.
“I don’t like it.”
“You don’t have to. But let me ask you this: who helped you get that flashy armor, huh? Did I hear you complaining when you got it? Or when Erin said she could help us rescue all those Gnolls and kill the Raskghar? Oh, wait, I did. But we all trusted her and thanks to that you have the shiny armor you’re wearing.”
“Yeah, but—”
“But?”
Keldrass hesitated. He threw up his claws at last.
“Okay, fine. I’ve benefitted from her. And so has Liscor. But she’s not always right.”
“I’m not saying she is. I’m just saying—look, Wistram attacked the Horns first. You think Ceria and Yvlon and that Ksmvr were criminals too?”
“Guilt by association?”
“That doesn’t fly in Pallass.”
“Fine. But he’s Antinium—”
Bevussa smacked Keldrass. Her wing hit him on the head since his magical armor covered the rest of his body. He cried out.
“Ancestors, Bevussa!”
“Don’t be a Lizard, Keldrass. I’ve talked to the Antinium. Like Bird. Variety. They’re not all monsters. With that said, yeah, I’m not relaxed around them. Another reason I’m not at the inn all the time. But let’s focus on Pisces.”
“Fine. Damn, you cut my scales.”
“Poor hatchling. You want me to spit on you and make it better?”
Keldrass edged away from Bevussa.
“Why are you so angry today?”
“Why are you so stubborn? I’m talking about a team we’ve worked with. The Horns. Wistram’s after their [Necromancer]. What do you think’s going to happen?”
“Well, the bounty’s out. They’ll have a target on his head. But they could always leave him outside a city. Still, that’s no life. Frankly, it makes me a bit uneasy.”
“A bit. Wistram slaps a bounty that Ceria says is way over-exaggerated. Two thousand gold pieces. Most Silver-ranks would kill for that.”
“Gold-ranks won’t. But I see your point. Okay, it’s wrong. But what do we do about it?”
“Nothing. I just—”
“You like that team.”
“A bit.”
The Garuda admitted, leaning against the stone wall of the dungeon. She and Keldrass were behind one of the barriers the adventurers had installed to guard safe zones. They were relaxing before returning above; they’d had a profitable day of killing monsters for their body parts. Keldrass sighed, rubbing his jaw.
“I get you. I see those Silver-ranks and sometimes I remember what it was like, running about. But I’m not getting involved in adventurers fighting adventurers. Or [Mages]. That’s a bad scene. Look, why don’t we go to the inn later? Talk.”
