6.62 L
Page 39
Ijvani began the arduous task of programming coordinates towards her master’s lair. Or rather, just to the west of the Bloodfields, as far as the [Teleport] spell could take her. It would be faster to walk, but when it was done, she could send herself that far in an instant.
Or someone else. Az’kerash had ordered her to design the spell so that it could be used by two people. Another mystery to Ijvani, but she would faithfully watch and report to him. She had the authority to contact him, via spell! And he would answer at any time!
The power made Ijvani giddy. But she had one more thought, so she paused in drawing the teleportation rune. Her master had given her three instructions, actually. To watch, via divination magic. To prepare for a return, using runecraft, the height of magical theory, teleportation magic.
And to prepare for combat. The skeleton whispered a word, holding out one skeletal palm upright.
“[Bound Spell – Blackfire Fireball].”
A fiery orb appeared in her hand. It was a contained spell, but it blazed with such heat and ferocity that the animals and spiders fled from it, sensing the death within. The Healing Slime tried to press itself into a corner of Ijvani’s ribcage as she concentrated on the spell. Feeding it. Giving it power.
She was forming the [Blackfire Fireball] into her palm. But not preparing it for immediate use. No, the fire compressed into a pinpoint, the fury of the Tier 5 spell condensing, stabilizing. It was far, far more difficult than simply casting the spell.
Ijvani’s eyes dimmed despite the steady mana flow coming from her master. And she devoted all of her energy and focus to controlling the spell lest it activate prematurely. Bound spells were a powerful magical technique; usually a Skill, but Ijvani had none, so she had to rely on pure magical craft to accomplish the same result.
It took nearly forty minutes of straight concentration, but then it was done. Her most powerful spell was ready to be used at once. Ijvani stared at the glowing marble-sized orb of fire. Then she put it in her jaw, just behind the teeth. Ready to fire.
She sat down, doing the mental equivalent of panting. But after a few minutes, Ijvani got up, and kept drawing the teleportation rune. Then she hopped over, did a bit of work on the observation spell.
She couldn’t stop moving. She was giddy! She was going home. Az’kerash, her master, had promised it. But not yet. She had to wait. Wait and report. On the [Mages] from Wistram. On this Pisces. Wait and see what they did. If they attacked him. If he attacked them. For some reason, the Necromancer wanted to know about this Pisces’ fate.
Ijvani didn’t. She was content to wait, though. Because her master was going to check on her every day.
He’d promised.
Ijvani grinned happily, and patted the slime. It would be really too bad when she had to leave this cave. But orders were orders. If she didn’t use the [Blackfire Fireball] she’d set it to detonate when she left. To get rid of evidence she’d been here. It would be too bad about the slime; she was enjoying it, like a simple Oom. But orders were orders.
And Ijvani was ready to obey again.
 
—-
 
“Adventurers. And [Mages]. You know, why can’t we have one quiet month?”
“It’s never quiet in our line of work. And it’s never quiet at The Wandering Inn. You know the crazy Human. What I can’t believe is that the [Necromancer] isn’t being run off. Did you see that bounty?”
