6.62 L
Page 6
The two [Acolytes] bowed. And Pawn turned. The Worker looked at his flock as he picked up the staff from which the a censer had been attached. A faint smell of cinammon wafted through the air. After a moment, the [Priest] raised his staff.
“I am a poor leader. But even grass sits under the sky. Come. And look. This is what I saw when I first looked up. When I saw her face. [Holy Radiance].”
And there was light. Pawn’s body began to shine. And the light was blinding. It was so bright it destroyed vision. But only to Pawn’s enemies. To the Antinium, he glowed with a brilliant glow. A wonderful blue. A soft inn’s radiance. The color of the clouds. Of a smiling face. Pawn smiled.
He was weak. Uncertain. But everything slowly changed.
Heaven was real.
 
—-
 
“Strategist Anand, report on Pawn’s newest Skills.”
Klbkch had no time for pretty lights or heaven. Nor did he waste time. As Yellow Splatters and Anand fell in beside him, he strode down the corridors, taking a route away from the Painted Antinium’s barracks. Workers and Soldiers in the tunnels moved aside to give him space.
Yellow Splatters and Anand followed. Yellow Splatters keeping at the bare maximum of distance to be following Klbkch, Anand almost right next to Klbkch. The [Sergeant] was silent, but Anand immediately began speaking after Klbkch’s order.
“Pawn has been measured, Revalantor Klbkch. His levels are now Level 23 [Priest], a low increase in levels, but it has effected a class change.”
“Priest. An agent of…go on. His Skills included healing. I witnessed some of the tests to ascertain its abilities.”
“Yes, Revalantor. Pawn is able to heal one moderate wound or repeat using his Skill to close a larger wound, but inefficiently. Tests show he can use the Skill up to twelve times, although he must rest after using the Skill repeatedly, and he becomes extremely fatigued afterwards.”
Even so, that was free healing. Klbkch nodded.
“Go on. And his ability to create…bread? Why bread?”
“Pawn believes it is a function of his class, Revalantor.”
“To create bread. Specifically. The Antinium cannot eat bread.”
Well, he could, thanks to the Queen correcting his digestive functions. But generally, Antinium grew sick from it. Anand nodded rapidly, scurrying after Klbkch.
“That is correct, Revalantor. It is a fault of Pawn’s abilities, but it still has some strategic applications—”
“More than that. Pawn is able to heal and give sustenance. He can also blind his foes. He is invaluable to the Hive. Klbkch.”
Anand froze. Yellow Splatters strode forwards. Klbkch turned his head to regard the giant Soldier. His voice was impassive.
“Your evaluation of Pawn has been noted. Has his ability to emit light been tested in battle?”
“Once. All but the undead and armored suits fled the light. And the undead seemed…weaker. Far weaker.”
Klbkch nodded. He regarded Yellow Splatters for a moment.
“I would not risk Pawn in battle, but his abilities are very well-suited to a support role in combat. Even so, is it your recommendation that Pawn still be exempted from taking a leadership role in defense of the Hive?”
“In all but the most dire circumstances, yes.”
“That was my appraisal.”
Klbkch nodded at Yellow Splatters. After a second, the [Sergeant] inclined his head. Anand looked at Yellow Splatters and Klbkch and his antennae twitched.
“Revalantor Klbkch, I can present the rest of my analysis of Pawn’s abilities, or Bird’s if you would like—”
“No. Follow me.”
