6.62 L
Page 42
Rage flashed through the skeleton. Rage. It made him shudder, made his bones shake. He shook, so hard that the Flesh Worm slithering down the dungeon took one look at the skeleton and paused. The skeleton looked up. Its eyes flashed and the Flesh Worm slowly writhed backwards.
SHE IS ALIVE. SHE TRIED TO KILL YOU.
The skeleton reached for his sword. He shook and then—suddenly, his rage flickered out. Like a spent torch. He lowered his head again.
Toren sat there a long time, too…tired…to even stand. When he eventually moved, it was only because a shadow had blocked the faint light coming from behind the adventurer’s barricades, where they’d placed [Light] spells. Toren looked up and saw a lumbering shape.
A Crypt Lord. It stood silently, surrounded by the lesser undead. It was not a mindless creature. Something—a primitive awareness lurked in its gaze, more than the feral minds of the Ghouls and zombies and skeletons.
Intelligence. A different sort than what animals or people had. But it was there. And yet, the Crypt Lord held still. It was ‘looking’ at Toren, the rotten eyes in its body focused on him. Subservient. Its left side bore many, numerous cut marks in the flesh. It had been…disobedient. But now it stood, awaiting orders from its leader.
It looked down at the [Undead Leader]. And the undead waited too. At last, Toren did stand. He peered through the adventurer’s barricade. There was real light beyond it.
It wasn’t hard for Toren to remove the barricade. Not for a thinking creature to do so. The adventurers knew that, which was why they conducted sweeps; the barriers only held back monsters as a stopgap. The skeleton shoved the barrier aside after unlocking it and he led the undead forwards. The Crypt Lord, ghouls, zombies, all followed him silently.
The adventurers had left. They’d travelled up from the abyss that led into the dungeon, climbing ropes upwards. Now, sunlight shone down, and the robes were gone. Toren stood in the opening, staring up at the blue sky, a small thing high above.
He had to see her. Knowing, not knowing—he had to see her to believe it. And then? Toren looked at his sword. Part of him said no. Never. But the rest of him—
She killed him. If he was alive. If she was alive, then—
The skeleton stood silently, listening to the screaming voices in his mind. And his bones felt heavier than they ever had in his life. He looked up and thought of the inn. He felt his bones, burning magic. He couldn’t go up there. Not for long. It was death.
But he had to know. The mask at Toren’s side whispered to him. It spoke of what he had learned. What she had experienced. Of teammates. Friendship.
Toren looked at the mask. He looked up. And the skeleton slowly lifted the mask. He inspected it for a moment, turning it, admiring it. Then, without a word, he tossed it on the ground.
She pulled his arm out, reaching for it. Toren pulled back. He resisted her. And slowly, fighting her, he raised a foot. And brought it down hard.
The mask shattered. The dry chitin, held together with webbing cracked, splintered apart. Toren screamed, silently. She lurched backwards—
And he caught himself. Toren looked around. At the silent undead. He stared down at the broken mask. Listening for her. But there was only him. Perhaps…perhaps there had always been only him. Maybe she was what he thought Erin was. Or maybe she was real.
