6.62 L
Page 21
Not all the adventurers were assigned to guard the main labor force. Over half the teams were actually on patrol, eliminating threats and finding the best place for the road to be built around the Bloodfields. Yvlon recognized the Drake who was waiting for them. He introduced himself to Pisces; Thunder’s Solace was already waiting.
“My name’s Hissle. Please don’t laugh. I’m working with your team today.”
“Hi there, Yvlon.”
Alais gave Yvlon a cautious nod. Yvlon nodded back and stared at Caddin. Then she listened to Hissle. The other adventurers, wearing chitin or wood armor, glanced at Pisces, but then turned to the [Scout]. It was indeed all business, and they had a lot of work to do.
“The city decided on an eastern route, along the route we scouted on the first day. So the [Builders] and so on are beginning to clear a road. Some adventuring teams will be guarding them or helping make the road. We will be clearing monster nests and looking for threats. Follow me.”
Hissle led their team at a fast march past the road. To Yvlon’s amazement, the workers had already done nearly a dozen feet more of space. They were working fast. Master Reikhle must have had Skills, or his team did. Probably both.
“So, what was the scene with the Wistram [Mages]? I heard a bit…”
Alais was the first to speak up. She drifted over to Ceria as they walked ahead of the others. The two Captains put their heads together. The rest of their teams looked at each other and stayed apart. Yvlon knew some of the adventurers in Thunder’s Solace, but not well. So she turned to Ksmvr and Pieces instead. None of them had trouble keeping the pace; if anything, Ceria and Alais were having the most trouble in robes and as [Mages] who were less used to exertion.
“It’s not too bad, huh, Pisces?”
“Within Liscor. I fear I’ll have a less welcome reception elsewhere.”
Pisces smiled crookedly. Yvlon looked at him. He was holding up well. As well as could be expected. She glanced back towards the already-distant team working on the road and cleared her throat. A thought struck her.
“You know, undead would be pretty useful in digging and clearing stuff like we did at Albez.”
Pisces and Ksmvr both looked at Yvlon. She shrugged.
“It would. Why didn’t you suggest that to Master Reikhle?”
The [Necromancer] raised an eyebrow as they began to climb a bluff. Yvlon knew Caddin was staring at her from the side. Ksmvr turned his head and Yvlon nudged him before he could whisper ‘dominance’.
“Yvlon, I don’t believe Master Builder Reikhle would appreciate undead. Or any of the other workers, frankly. Would you accept that sort of help given Liscor’s history and the…allegations made against me?”
“I suppose not. But they are useful. How many could you animate and make work if you had to?”
Pisces blinked. He looked at Yvlon, but she genuinely wanted to know. He shrugged, awkwardly.
“If I had some source of mana to sustain them? At least…a hundred?”
“A hundred?”
“I’ve never tested my upper limits. Undead are costly to maintain. They require…sources of mana. I work in small groups that I can personally direct. Realistically, could have two dozen working without doing more than depleting my personal mana.”
“And they don’t stop and they work fast. It’s something to consider. Didn’t you once tell me that undead were better than regular [Laborers]? I know a lot of continents don’t allow undead, but is there any place they do?”
Pisces hesitated. He stared towards the sky and replied slowly.
