6.62 L
Page 1
Klbkch rounded the corner and came to the empty street that held the entrance to the Antinium Hive. A few Workers were exiting, holding buckets filled with tools. They squeezed themselves to one side despite the large street as the taller Antinium walked down into the Hive, ignoring the concealed Soldiers who stiffened as he passed by. Only then did he sigh, letting loose a soft breath.
Klbkch’s mandibles clicked slightly as he entered the underground. The Hive moved around him and he readjusted his thoughts. Senior Guardsman Klbkch became Revalantor Klbkch. If there was a Klbkch above, who worked tirelessly each day of the week, there was another below. He worked just as hard. But it had never been said of him below that he was kind.
 
—-
 
“We believe there is a Heaven. We believe in a place after death. We believe in forgiveness. Salvation of the soul. We believe that pain ends, that life has a meaning, and that we will be together when we pass. We believe in Heaven. No, we know it to be true.”
The Free Antinium of Liscor stood in silence as a voice spoke down to them. Workers and Soldier stood side by side, listening. Looking up at the figure who spoke from the podium. Pawn’s voice was quiet, but the room was so silent his words were clearly audible no matter where you stood. And there was a resonance to Pawn’s tone. A certainty that rang through.
Hope. The Antinium spoke briefly, but with emotion as he looked down at the Painted Antinium. His flock.
“Remember that you must live. Death is not something to be craved. But know that it matters. Every Antinium who has fallen lives beyond. Remember that. Go dreaming of peace. Amen.”
Just that. He did not give long sermons. Most of the Antinium didn’t have the time for that. They had duties. Jobs. And Pawn gave his sermon thrice daily, before each meal. He didn’t need to change the words, but he did, sometimes. To keep it fresh. But the content was always the same.
Hope. A dream of Heaven. As Pawn raised his head, the Antinium stirred. They looked to him. And then, as they always did, they turned to a giant among Antinium. He was…a bit taller than the other Soldiers. But in that way, he stood out. The Painted Soldiers all wore unique colors, each one different in that way. But Yellow Splatters was truly different.
He had come back. He had been reborn. And he had seen heaven. He was proof of Pawn’s words. So the Antinium looked at him and then began to eat.
“Dream of peace. A good meal to you. The sky exists.”
Pawn murmured as he went down the rows of tables and chairs. Well, mounds of dirt, packed hard for the Antinium to sit on. The cafeteria/sermon hall was the latest addition to the growing barracks that was now the realm of the Painted Antinium. And there were nearly seven hundred of them. Pawn looked around and remembered a time when there had only been a bunch of Soldiers. And before that, just a few chess tables with Workers.
Now there was something else. The Worker walked over to where Yellow Splatters was sitting. The table was filled with Workers and Soldiers. They gravitated towards him. The [Sergeant] looked up.
“Pawn.”
“Yellow Splatters.”
It was still startling to hear the Soldier speak. Startling, but good. Yellow Splatters inclined his head.
“Will you eat here?”
The Workers and Soldiers looked up, all ready to rise. Pawn shook his head.
“No. You should all enjoy your meal. But—thank you for your own words today. You give them all hope. More than I can by myself.”
