6.62 L
Page 4
“I am afraid I cannot, Pawn. I have a limited break. In fact, I am taking my meal here to meet with Revalantor Klbkch.”
“Klbkch? Oh.”
Pawn shrank in his shell a bit. Anand looked at him thoughtfully. His businesslike atmosphere faded for a moment.
“Has he interacted much with you, Pawn? He often instructs Belgrade and I, and he has instructed me to meet with him today. As well as Yellow Splatters.”
“Oh. No. I don’t talk with him. I don’t like him that—”
“You know, he interacts with me more than Belgrade. And he considers my performance superior to Belgrade’s, even accounting for the traps that Belgrade creates.”
Anand’s voice made Pawn look up sharply. He stared at the [Strategist].
“What—why did you say that?”
“Because it is true.”
Anand looked at Pawn. The Worker stared at his friend.
“But that is a hurtful statement.”
“But it is a true one. I believe Revalantor Klbkch prizes me more than Belgrade. I hope it is true.”
“What? Anand. I do not believe Klbkch—”
“Revalantor Klbkch.”
“I…do not believe Revalantor Klbkch prizes any of us. We are all tools to him.”
“Perhaps. But I would like to be the first of tools. Or something more. I have been thinking on this, Pawn.”
Anand looked speculatively at Pawn. The other Antinium looked back, mystified. Anand had changed. He had spoken with Belgrade. The other [Trapsetter Tactician]—or was he a [Strategist] now?—was different too. He had…broken a bit, when he spoke to Pawn about the Workers and Soldiers that had died under his command. Pawn had brought him to Erin. Now Belgrade went to visit her three times a week and he was better. But Anand had not needed the same. Pawn stared at the [Strategist].
“Anand. Have you spoken to Belgrade? Did he speak to you about the pressures of—”
“My position? Ordering Soldiers and Workers into battle? Yes. He told me he was very distressed and spoke to Erin. I was assigned time to speak with her as well, but I did not need it as Belgrade does. Even so, I enjoyed the experience, and Erin has provided me with useful advice regarding Revalantor Klbkch.”
“Advice? Like what?”
Anand paused. He looked Pawn up and down and slowly opened his mandibles. And lowered them.
“I do not wish to tell you, Pawn. I believe the information may affect my relationship with Revalantor Klbkch and I would not like you to interfere.”
The comment stunned Pawn. The Worker actually walked back a step. Was Anand—he had changed beyond recognition. Pawn knew Garry had changed too, becoming more timid, withdrawn, but passionate about cooking. And Bird had become more…Bird. Even Pawn himself had changed. He liked Lyonette. And he had found religion. But Anand’s refusal to say something was somehow a greater divergence in personality than anything else.
“Anand. Why have you—what has—I did not mean—what did Erin—”
Before Pawn could finish a thought, a figure appeared at the other end of the barracks. And he brought silence with him. It swept across the Workers and Soldiers nearest to him, and the other Antinium caught onto it. Like a wave, a flash across the room, they all fell silent, not that more than Anand and Pawn and Yellow Splatters had been talking, and looked up.
Klbkch stood in the entrance to the barracks. He was taller than a Worker, nearly as tall as a Soldier. But leaner. He had only two arms, and his body was graceful. He had been changed in death, like Yellow Splatters. But he still wore the two silver swords at his belt. He opened his mandibles.
“Yellow Splatters, Anand. To me.”
