6.62 L
Page 20
Reikhle shuddered, paused, shook his head, and shuddered again.
“Anything that speeds up the labor. Are any of you [Geomancers]? I will pay you three times—or five times the daily rate—if you can cast [Shape Earth]. But you must be willing to listen to orders, yes?”
“What is the issue with [Geomancers], Master Reikhle? Surely any architect would hire one wherever present. I am surprised one wasn’t contracted. Unless there are none in the region.”
Pisces was interested. Reikhle shot him a look. He grumbled to himself, shaking his head.
“A good [Geomancer] might be able to create a road, but do they know where to place it or how to build it so it will not disintegrate in the next rain? No! They love casting spells without consulting anyone else. Many of their walls have basic flaws in the structure! Ask them to make a wall and guess what they make? A straight wall. Not even rooted deeply in the earth! You could push them over yourself!”
He glowered at the adventurers. Pisces nodded and so did Yvlon and Ksmvr. Ceria just looked blank; she didn’t understand the problem.
“Hrr. Well, ideally we would work together, but Pallass’ two [Geomancers] are both on contract working to excavate mines. I may be able to acquire one, but not yet. Now, enough wasting time! Time is money, yes! If you are not [Geomancers], what are your talents?”
“Well, I can cast ice magic. Make walls, ice floors…”
Ceria gestured, conjuring a bit of snow. Reikhle nodded and scribbled on his clipboard and papers.
“Might be useful for moving heavy objects. Or creating temporary supports. We’ll add you to our lists. Does Miss Human here have a powerful strength Skill?”
Yvlon smiled crookedly as he eyed her up and down.
“No. And I have orders not to use my arms much. I can fight, but lifting isn’t my specialty to begin with.”
“Fine. Hrm. And the—the—”
“Hello, Master Builder Reikhle. I am Ksmvr.”
Ksmvr held out a hand. Reikhle retreated in alarm. The Antinium lowered his hands and bobbed his head helpfully.
“I am an Antinium, but my ability to dig is somewhat hampered. I specialize in mobility.”
“So not a Worker?”
The Gnoll sniffed again, eying Ksmvr warily. The Antinium shook his head.
“I possess the body of a Worker, but my designation was Prognugator. However, I was cast out of my Hive for extreme ineptitude—”
“He’s not a Worker.”
Ceria cut in. Yvlon patted Ksmvr on the shoulders and Reikhle blinked a few times. Then he looked at Pisces.
“And a [Necromancer].”
Even he knew Pisces. The young man nodded stiffly, but then he tried to smile. The Gnoll eyed him, then nodded.
“Scouting it is. Report to the [Scouts] over there.”
He gestured, and strode away. The Horns looked at each other. Ceria shrugged.
“That could have been worse. How do you feel, Pisces?”
“Aside from hot? I must confess, slightly relieved. Guildmistress Tekshia did us a favor. And we are here to work.”
Pisces spoke after a moment, sounding thoughtful. He eyed the [Scouts] that Reikhle had indicated, following Ceria as she led the way. He stared at the Bloodfields in the distance.
“So these are the Bloodfields in bloom. I travelled this way last year. Purely to see the Bloodfields, but even dormant, I refused to move any closer.”
“We saw a demonstration of the Bloodfield’s dangers. I can recite the content if you would like, Comrade Pisces.”
“That would be welcome, Ksmvr. But later.”
