6.62 L
Page 33
“I asked about the price of the tonic I was given. Miss Montressa will be receiving the cost by Street Runner. You’ll get the same if you don’t take the coins now. I can be just as stubborn. Thank you for the cookies.”
The [Princess] opened her mouth.
“You don’t have to—”
“Take the coins or I’ll make sure you get them. Congratulations on your sale, Miss Lyonette.”
Zevara blandly reached into the bag and inspected the cookie she pulled out. Lemon. Lyonette opened her mouth, saw the glint in the Drake’s eye, and curtsied, embarrassed. She’d lost this verbal spar.
“Thank you for having me, Watch Captain.”
“As you were. Thank you for the cookies and the update on Miss Solstice’s inn. And telling me that the crazed Human with the axe is an [Actor]. It does help to know these things, even if I’m aware of Miss Solstice’s antics.”
The [Princess] retreated. Zevara watched the door shut and smiled to herself. Pricey as the cookies were, it was worth it to score a victory for herself. And she did have the cookies now. She began chewing on the one she’d taken out. Her brows rose and her tail curled with satisfaction.
“Mm. This is good. Sour. Sweet. Soft.”
The Watch Captain was inspecting the bag—which was generously laden with all sorts of cookies, some foul, but mostly good in different flavors, when there was a rap at the door. Zevara looked up and heard a familiar, growling voice.
“Watch Captain, I have a report from Senior Guardsman Klbkch. I was wondering if you had a moment to confer?”
“I suppose I do. Come in. What’s the matter, Beilmark?”
Zevara sighed. She pushed the cookie bag to one side and watched Senior Guardswoman Beilmark march in. The Gnoll saluted.
“I have word there’s a new player in Liscor, Watch Captain. Senior Guardsman Klbkch came across a meeting with Mister Soot and a new Gnoll named only as ‘Bearclaw’ while on patrol. He believes she may be a known criminal in the other cities.”
“What? Damn. Another one?”
The female Drake sat up, her good mood vanishing. Beilmark nodded.
Her eyes lingered on the bag on the desk. Zevara glanced at her sharply.
“Did this Bearclaw have anyone else with her?”
“Not that I know of, Watch Captain. But she was new to the city. She nearly attacked Senior Guardsman Klbkch. But for Mister Soot, she might have.”
“That damned [Fence]. If we can get him—Bearclaw, you said?”
Beilmark nodded. She glanced at the bag of cookies again. Zevara’s eyes narrowed.
“I haven’t heard the name. But I’ll send word for the Mage’s Guild to inquire about her directly. Why didn’t Senior Guardsman Klbkch try to arrest her?”
“Relc wasn’t on duty, Watch Captain. Klbkch was with two Junior Guards.”
The Gnoll coughed. The Watch Captain bit her tongue.
“Ah. Well, in that case—Ancestors, Beilmark. Do you want a cookie?”
The Senior Guardswoman brightened as Zevara glared at her. She approached the desk as Zevara shoved the bag towards her.
“If you insist, Watch Captain…hrm. They all smell so different.”
“Just take one. They’re a new thing from the inn. Which I paid for.”
“I wouldn’t trouble you, Watch Captain…”
“Take the cookie before I roast you.”
Beilmark did without any argument. She inspected the parchment and then bit.
“Baked beans. Mm. This is very good.”
Zevara shook her head, eying Beilmark dourly.
“If you’re done? I assume the Mage’s Guild is already inquiring about this Bearclaw?”
“Yes, Watch Captain. I’ll have the report on your desk when it arrives. But she may be a criminal among Plains Gnolls. If so, I’ll inquire, but it will take longer.”
The Gnoll looked a bit embarrassed. Zevara glowered, and then stood up.
