6.62 L
Page 30
“No. And it’s really hard getting a good body. I mean, every city has people that die, but Drakes and Gnolls don’t know Selphids, so few of them will even think of selling a body—if I can’t get a good one, I’ll have to live in a squirrel or something until my team can find one. My good body’s gone, the Halfseekers hate me—”
The Selphid was really down. Moore hesitated. He couldn’t bear the stench any longer, but he felt for the Selphid, he really did. The half-Giant cleared his throat, thinking carefully.
“Miss Ulinde. Or—no, Ulinde. I…do know where Jelaqua has a few bodies. She has a large number after the Raskghar incident. Maybe I could speak to her. Explain the situation. Even though you’ve made her angry, you are a fellow Selphid.”
“You’d do that for me?”
Ulinde’s eyes went round. She looked up at Moore. And he couldn’t help but think that it was a pity she wasn’t wearing the female Drake’s body. He nodded slowly.
“I could ask. Or—I know where a few are. In the inn. I could speak to Erin. Jelaqua might not be happy, but if you paid—”
“Absolutely. Thank you, oh, thank you, thank you—”
Ulinde bounced up. Moore looked at the [Innkeeper] and the relieved Drake was nodding and waving them off. They headed for the door—and a [Rogue] appeared in the doorway. Seborn glared up at Moore as Ulinde halted in his tracks.
“There you are. Where have you—”
The [Rogue] spotted Ulinde and the human half of his face turned instantly hostile. The Selphid instantly retreated and Moore raised his hands.
“Seborn, listen. Ulinde is terribly sorry for what she’s done. I’ve been talking with her—him. I’m sorry. And he wants to apologize to Jelaqua. And you. ”
“That’s right! I’m so sorry. If there’s anything I can do—”
Seborn ignored Ulinde. He was glaring at Moore. The half-Giant winced. He knew the [Rogue] was in a poor temper since Jelaqua had begun dating Maughin. He lowered his voice, although Ulinde could probably still hear him.
“Seborn, look. Ulinde is truly sorry. And Jelaqua did something to him. I was thinking. We could bring him to the inn, get one of Jelaqua’s bodies. I mean, look at him. His is all worn out. We’ll talk to Jelaqua, patch things over, let her have—”
“What? Give away—you idiot!”
Seborn hissed at Moore. He dragged the half-Giant towards the door as Ulinde watched them anxiously. The Drowned Man glared up at Moore.
“You are not giving away Jelaqua’s bodies. Do you know how much each one’s worth? And stop talking with that Selphid! She nearly put a hole in my chest!”
He jabbed at Moore’s own chest. The half-Giant glowered; the flesh was still tender.
“He’s genuinely sorry, Seborn! It wasn’t his fault he had to fight—he has orders! A team! You know how it is. And you did stab him first.”
“I didn’t try to kill the [Mages]. If I did, they’d all be dead. I don’t care if this Selphid says sorry a thousand times. Stop listening to every pity story you hear—”
“Why don’t you listen just once?”
The two arguing Halfseekers glared at each other, Moore out of patience for once. He glared, leaning on his replacement quarterstaff. A tremulous voice interrupted Seborn and lifted his claw-hand.
“I am so sorry. Can I make it up to you somehow? Please?”
The [Rogue] turned. The younger voice coming out of the half-dead body belonging to a much older Human was hard, even for Seborn and Moore to deal with. But Ulinde was pleading.
“Anything. Anything at all I can do to make it right, I will. I can get you some scrolls. Beza sells them. Or—can I trade you some artifacts? I sell them from Wistram. I’d be glad to do anything.”
