6.62 L
Page 7
Klbkch strode down the tunnel. Yellow Splatters and Anand followed. Both knew where they were going, having trod this very same path countless times.
If Pawn tended to his flock, and if he had created a place of happiness in the Hive he tended to with his every waking hour, then surely Anand and Belgrade had changed their part of the Hive as well.
The area of the Hive bordering the dungeon, or at least, the breaches in the dungeon was a constant battlefield of incursions and Antinium guarding their Hive. Or it had been before Belgrade had devised a series of trapped corridors and a kill box that had reduced Antinium fatalities by nearly 56%.
Now, Klbkch strode into a vast, cleared space, the last part of the trapped corridors. Any monster entering this spot—and they did get here, even past crushing rock falls, improvised traps, spikes, and so on—would face ranks of waiting Soldiers, and in their alcoves, the new Workers armed with bows.
It was an impressive design, and one that had made Belgrade invaluable. Of course, Anand was the superior [Strategist] in combat, so he was invaluable as well. They all were, the Individuals. Now, Yellow Splatters and Anand stopped.
“Revalantor, why are we here?”
Yellow Splatters addressed Klbkch. The Antinium turned. There were more Soldiers and Workers in the room than usual, several hundred more. Both Yellow Splatters and Anand were alert; as the two leaders of the Hive’s defense, they were ready for news about a heavy monster incursion. Or worse, Face Stealer. He’d been attacking the Hive just a few days ago.
“I have little time today to waste. However, I have noted both your leveling has slowed of late. You are both in the mid-twenties. Which is superior for Antinium. Inferior among other species.”
Klbkch’s voice was crisp and cold. He looked from Anand to Yellow Splatters. The [Strategist] shifted uneasily. Yellow Splatters did not move. Klbkch went on.
“My own leveling is slow and…mixed. Given my number of classes, which I now believe may be inefficient. However, your total levels are far lower than mine. You have ceased leveling with speed. To rectify this situation, I have placed four hundred and thirty eight combined Workers and Soldiers in this room, the Hive’s excess numbers. I had intended to send them into the dungeon, but this will be a more efficient use of them.”
The statement made Yellow Splatters uncross his arms slightly. Anand just opened and closed his mandibles, looking a bit worried at the tone in Klbkch’s voice. The [Sergeant] looked at Klbkch sharply.
“Excess?”
“Yes. Due to Face Stealer’s incursions where he slew two hundred and eleven Antinium, the Hive overproduced its numbers. Belgrade’s traps have largely cut back on Antinium losses.”
“And my tactics, Revalantor Klbkch?”
Anand looked up eagerly. Klbkch paused.
“And this, yes. The Painted Antinium also played their part, as has Yellow Splatter’s leadership in battle. The Hive now regularly produces excess numbers above out set limitations. The Free Queen does not desire expansion given our nutritional intake. Therefore, they are excess.”
He said it so calmly. Anand was nodding along, but Yellow Splatters was not. His voice was low.
“So they are sent into the dungeon.”
“Yes. To cull monster populations and possibly discover artifact locations.”
“Only two Soldier survived last time. Chesacre and Thaina.”
“What?”
“Two Soldiers became Autonomous. Possibly even Individual. They are already Pawn’s [Acolytes].”
Klbkch paused. His mandibles slowly clicked together and he studied Yellow Splatters with surprise.
