6.62 L
Page 34
“Good. In that case, I’m going on my lunch break. Hold down the fortress until I get back, would you?”
She grabbed the bag of cookies. Reluctantly, Beilmark nodded, licking crumbs off her paw. Zevara was grabbing her actual lunch when someone else rapped on the door and it opened.
“Watch Captain, I have a report—”
A Gnoll entered the room, a scroll of parchment in paw. He was sniffing the air, but he paused, seeing Beilmark and Zevara. The Gnoll [Guardswoman] coughed into one paw. Zevara’s eyes narrowed.
“Get out.”
She grabbed the bag of cookies and stalked out of her office, ignoring the suddenly very interested Gnoll [Guards] who wanted to chat with her. That was the problem with Gnolls in your workplace; forget people simply stealing your lunches, they knew exactly what you ate and when it came back out. The worst ones were the ones who told you how bland your meals were.
Escaping with her treats mostly intact, Zevara hurried down the streets of Liscor. She moved fast, and came to the prison in only five minutes, puffing a bit. Her lunch break wasn’t that long.
The [Guards] on duty in the jail straightened when they saw her. They were both Drakes, and attentive given the easy job. But then, they knew why it mattered. Zevara nodded at them.
“I won’t be long. Amulet?”
“Here, Watch Captain.”
One of the Drakes fumbled over an amulet that was linked to the cells inside the prison to Zevara. She put it on, and strode down the cells.
The jail had few prisoners, and most of them didn’t want to attract the Watch Captain’s ire. And few were serious. But there was one cell at the far end which held a familiar face. He was lifting a barbell, a strange device made out of iron, when Zevara arrived. Calruz looked up.
“Watch Captain Zevara. Good morning.”
“Calruz. Sorry I couldn’t make it yesterday. How are you holding up since that Minotauress visited you?”
Zevara took a seat. There was a chair in front of the cell. The Minotaur kept lifting the barbell after a moment. A rat, grey-furred, was balanced on his head, while another tried to climb his horn. Zevara was used to both rats. And indeed, to Calruz, because their conversation didn’t waste time.
“I am fine. She only spoke the truth. What’s that you have?”
“My lunch. Have you been fed?”
“Yes.”
Zevara smiled.
“In that case, I’ve got something to eat. Here.”
She showed Calruz the bag and took two cookies out of it. She passed two across the force field. Calruz gingerly accepted the cookies; the magical barrier was dangerous to him, not her. He stared down at the soft discs.
“What’s this? It says…carrot cookie. And…blood cookie?”
“Damn. That must be one of the strange ones Lyonette warned me about. They come from The Wandering Inn. Erin Solstice. Here. There’s probably a better one…here’s ‘boring vanilla’.”
“It’s fine. Thank you. Watch Captain, you need not visit me every day.”
“Who else does? Besides the half-Elf. I generally eat alone. The Watch Captain shouldn’t be one of the regular [Guards].”
The Drake shrugged self-consciously. Calruz looked at her.
“Nor should she be overly familiar with prisoners accused of murder and treachery.”
The Drake paused, and then nodded.
“True.”
There was nothing more to say than that. But both acknowledged the truth. Honor and duty. They understood each other in that. After a moment, Zevara dug into her meal. Ground beef and sauce, mainly. And some bread. She made whatever she could for a meal. Calruz began eating one of his cookies, sharing crumbs with his pet rats.
“I can’t stay long. I just wanted to see how you were doing.”
