6.62 L
Page 38
The Healing Slime was imprisoned. Inside Ijvani. It had kept trying to sneak away, so the skeleton had eventually stuck the slime in her ribcage. The black-metal coated bones were nigh-on impenetrable to mundane weapons, and with a judicious application of the standard [Forcewall] spell, the slime found itself in a cage with no escape. It rolled against Ijvani’s ribs, pressing up against an invisible barrier. Ijvani was too excited to notice.
After a while, she calmed herself. Ijvani stood, perfectly still, and her exuberance faded. Her voice, a hollow echo, grew more thoughtful. She tapped a finger against her jawbone, in an imitation of Az’kerash herself.
“Stay here and watch, though? Why? Watch the [Necromancer]? And the inn?”
Az’kerash had contacted her, indeed. But not to demand Ijvani’s immediate return. After some lengthy questioning in which the skeleton had squirmed and stammered answers, her master had given her very specific instructions. Ijvani paused.
“Pisces Jealnet. Montressa du Valeross.”
The names meant nothing to her. They were flies to Ijvani. Apparently there was a team of [Mages] from Wistram here? And her master wanted this ‘Pisces’ monitored. With the perfect memory of the undead, Ijvani recalled his words exactly.
She had to set up a proper observation incantation, not some instant [Scrying] spell. Her master had taught her proper magic, and Ijvani knew that instantaneous spellcasting was far, far weaker than what could be accomplished with time, material, and effort.
The trickiest part would be making everything undetectable. Regular people wouldn’t be able to detect the magic, or even most [Mages], but if you knew how to look, you could detect even invisible eyes and follow the spell back to the source.
“Wistram [Mages]. And the Drake. Grimalkin.”
The skeleton paced down the length of the cave, looking for a good place to trace the runes. It would take her hours to set up. And it was arduous work. Boring work. So it was a good thing Ijvani didn’t get bored. And she was high on…unlife.
Her master had forgiven her. And he wanted her back. The skeleton took the little slime out of her ribcage and tossed it up and down happily, ignoring the terrified creature.
“Wait? I will wait! And cast all the spells you wish. For you, master, I would destroy that inn and everything in the city.”
She had doubted him. She had wavered. She had been weak. Ijvani saw that now. But the instant her master had touched her mind, all of Ijvani’s doubts had vanished. She had realized how much she missed him. How much she needed him. He might have a…flaw. But she had missed him. He had made her. And she lived for him.
Now, the skeleton got to work, faithfully carrying out Az’kerash’s orders. The shadows grew deeper on the wall as the skeleton prepared her spells. The undead creature flawlessly wove the magic as she had been taught. Creating a temporary nexus of power to fuel the magic. To draw upon if need be. And accordingly, the spell was stronger, no temporary thing but an enduring spell that could do far more than a quick magic.
To watch. To observe. And also—a teleportation rune. So she had two diagrams to trace on the floor. The skeleton mage decided that the teleportation rune would be better to do first. She bent, inscribing a circuit of magic into the stone floor. She’d need to ideally fill it with magicore. And she had some components in her bag of holding. But first was the task of shaping the magic.
