6.62 L
Page 16
Pisces nodded tightly, trying to smile. Kam walked back. Normally, other teams would have drifted over to talk, but no one did. They just stood where they were. And stared.
“The [Necromancer].”
The words came from several mouths. They weren’t even trying to hide the whispers. Yvlon stood with her team, counting faces. She didn’t see Crossbow Stan. His team must have been on another shift. But she did recognize Alais’ team. And Walt and his Ensoldier Shields. She bit her tongue. He was a hothead and he didn’t like things that bothered him. She looked at Ceria.
The half-Elf was hesitating. She looked around, then back at Pisces. He was standing with his back straight, staring past the adventurers at a far wall. He didn’t react, but she knew he had to be hearing the muffled conversations. And reading lips.
“That’s him? Doesn’t look like the ones I’ve seen.”
“Looks close enough. You can’t tell, usually. Some bastard raises the dead and digs up coffins in the night. Usually male.”
“My team got a female [Necromancer], once. Trying to poison a river. She was twisted.”
“You think? What I read…”
Whispers. Ceria Springwalker heard them with a pit in her stomach. But also—memory. A sense of déjà vu so strong she felt like she’d been teleported into the past. Into another life. When she’d been a student at Wistram.
They were the same. The whispers, the looks. It was such a familiar feeling. The place and the people were different, but the feeling was the same. Whispers, hostile looks. The only difference was that Ceria was older. She’d lost a hand. And this time she stood with Pisces, rather than with the whisperers.
“I’ll talk to Walt. If he’s not spoken to, he’ll make an ass of himself.”
Yvlon murmured, eying the Ensoldier Shields who were gathered around their leader. She began to move, and Ceria shook her head.
“No. Let me.”
Slowly, heart beating, the half-Elf walked forwards. The conversation grew quieter. Ceria saw Pisces looking at her, questioningly. He’d known what would happen when he came with her into the guild. He’d gotten enough looks these last few days in Erin’s inn. But he’d come anyways.
Yes, it was like the past. But some things were different. This time, Pisces was in her team. And this time—Ceria listened to the whispers. She knew what the whispers led to. She had seen it once. So this time she looked around and raised her voice.
“Hey! Listen up!”
The adventurers fell silent. At far tables, the non-Human teams not taking part in the Bloodfields assignment glanced over. They’d been watching covertly too. Ceria pitched her voice so everyone, adventurers, [Receptionists], could hear.
“My name’s Ceria Springwalker. You probably know me. I’m Captain of the Horns of Hammerad. Two days ago, our team was attacked by Wistram [Mages]. You’ve seen them? They went after my entire team to get one of my teammates. Pisces, here.”
She pointed back at the [Necromancer]. Pisces blinked at Ceria. She went on before her voice could quaver. She’d frozen her knees to keep them from shaking.
“I don’t know what you’ve heard. I bet you’ve all seen the bounty that Wistram put up. Well, guess what? Pisces has done stupid things. He’s committed crimes, but he’s no murderer. There was an accident at Wistram. But it was an accident. Yes, he’s a [Necromancer]. But he’s part of the Horns of Hammerad.”
Silence. Ceria felt like the eyes were boring holes into her body. She looked around, her mouth dry. She hadn’t planned this. But she had to say something. So she clenched her skeletal fist and held it up.
