6.62 L
Page 27
“They’re that dangerous? I know the Minotauress is strong, but you seemed confident you could take that Drake. And Erin and her friends stomped the rest. What can they do that any other [Mage] can’t? What’s Wistram got that you and Ceria don’t, Pisces?”
“Linked spells? Homing magic? Magical fields? Their understanding of spellcraft is more advanced than ours.”
It looked like it cost Pisces to admit that. Yvlon and Ceria and Ksmvr all stared at him. He turned around, flushing slightly.
“What?”
“There’s someone better than you at magic, Pisces?”
He glowered.
“I am attempting to be realistic and…humble. And frankly, Montressa proved she had more advanced spells than either Ceria or I can command. She allegedly blocked a bombardment spell from Liscor’s walls. Her [Five-Fold Arcane Barrier] spell is Tier 5.”
“What? No. [Arcane Barrier] is Tier 4, Pisces.”
“And five of them, layered together? She blocked a siege spell, Ceria. That’s what formal magical training does. Isceil, the Drake, is a poor duelist. But a single breath attack could kill all of us if he used it. If we do battle, I would be forced to kill him. That is what I am referring to. There can be no mercy given their abilities. Montressa herself could kill us all with [Chain Lightning].”
The [Cryomancer] bit her lip. Yvlon silently agreed with Pisces. If it couldn’t be peacefully resolved…she put a hand on her sword. Aside from Montressa, she doubted the other [Mages] could block a full swing from her Sword of Weight.
After a moment, Ksmvr raised one hand.
“What is linked magic, Comrade Pisces?”
The others relaxed. Pisces smiled.
“Combining their magic. Recall what I did with Falene during the Face-Eater Moth attack? Imagine how much more powerful a spell can be if they combine their mana pools. It is an advanced technique.”
“Can you do it, Captain Ceria? Comrade Pisces?”
Ceria looked embarrassed as she shook her head.
“No. Falene can, but I can’t do any of the advanced stuff. Homing spells are something Wistram teaches. That’s what Illphres said. You can get a Skill, but it’s true they have more magical experience.”
“And we have more battle experience. It evens out. But can you talk them out of it? Ceria? Pisces? I know what happened with Montressa. But is there a chance you could persuade her?”
Ceria looked at Pisces. He stared back, and their history lay before them. After a moment, the [Necromancer] sighed.
“It is unlikely. Perhaps Montressa’s friends can be persuaded. They are all from different factions, or so I believe. Perhaps some might be swayed. The Selphid, this Centaur, Palt. But the Drake, the Minotauress, and Montressa…doubtful.”
“But we’ll try. Otherwise…”
Ceria trailed off. The adventurers looked at each other. Then they silently glanced around. Thunder’s Solace, Hauntgheist, were chattering as they neared the road, already moving up into the hills.
Master Builder Reikhle was shouting that they needed a smooth, gentle slope for the wagons, and so the Drakes and Gnolls were terraforming the hills, swearing as they broke stones, pushing dirt into place, pounding it down.
The Horns looked at each other, thinking of the uncertain future. Then they got back to work.
 
—-
 
The Horns worked around the Bloodfields, but keeping clear of the deadly red stain on the earth. In Liscor, Montressa’s team did their form of work. Enmities aside, everyone had to eat. But one member of the Wistram [Mages] wasn’t selling her wares.
