6.63 P
Page 0

The town of Sovvex was nearly forty thousand souls in total. It was fed by a local river, and sustained by its advantageous location bordering a local forest and a very rich bed of clay deposits. This, combined with its position as a logical stop on a direct route south towards the High Passes—one of many stops—had made it fairly prosperous.
It was a good town, not ravaged by the latest Goblin Lord and spared of major disasters in recent memory. It had no noteworthy residents outside a number of individuals over Level 30, and none of them had particularly outstanding classes or personalities. There wasn’t much crime in the town given its size, and while there were the usual grievances—a longstanding feud between a number of large families in the hundreds who had usurped some of the power of the town—that was about it.
Sovvex was thus incredibly uninteresting and boring in general. But it was notable this day for one reason: an acting troupe had entered the town and occupied the largest inn, after which they’d immediately began advertising a ‘play’.
That alone was enough to brook a lot of interest, not least because these actors weren’t like the usual travelling [Bard] or band of [Tumblers], [Storytellers], or other entertainers that Sovvex was used to. This was a group. They were known as the Players of Celum. And they had come a long way. In fact, a few people had heard of them from relatives or friends living further south, and so more than a few people lined up to buy tickets to see this play tonight.
In fact, Sovvex was fairly abuzz with interest and skepticism alike. The play was going to be outdoors, apparently, to better seat the audience. In fact—one of these Players, a half-Dwarf woman had demanded the [Mayor] to let them rent the town square! Imagine that! But the audacity of this travelling group only fueled interest.
Soon, people were paying for the cheap tickets while others planned to casually stroll by and see what it was like—and maybe buy a ticket. But the barricades the Players of Celum began setting up soon made it clear that they were expecting a large crowd—and anyone not with a ticket would be far too far away to see anything of interest.
So more people bought tickets. And speculated, or relayed rumors. They wondered what this play was. And also, if it was any good. If it wasn’t, these [Actors] had better leave soon, because the people of Sovvex weren’t going to take to being scammed lightly, oh no. So the people who’d bought tickets waited with increasing interest for night to fall. And other people waited to see what the first group would think.
And the Players of Celum sat in the inn they’d rented. And they were concerned. Arguing, even. Jasi Redigal, [Actress] and older sister to Grev Redigal, sat in Bergil’s Belly, a large inn reserved for travellers. Right now, the Players of Celum had invaded it and about twelve of its members sat in a private room, talking loudly and emphatically.
They were speaking hotly, their brows creased with concentration and thought. Jasi drank from her cup—water, nothing stronger—as she listened to a man with a huge scowl on his face stand up, unable to sit still.
“No, damn it! I’m not saying I don’t understand the text! I’m saying that we’re all missing the larger point! It’s unique! Unheard of! What right do we have to—to rewrite them? I can’t stand it any longer!”
