6.63 P
Page 25
He glowered, all too ready to grumble about the problem with competing with people nearly twice your level to the two [Actors]. Jasi met Wesle’s eyes; she didn’t feel too worried, and he clearly felt the same. The Players had something no [Bard] could match. She excused herself after a few minutes to speak with Emme.
“There’s a lot of competition, Emme.”
“Well, I’ll see if I can watch this [Troubadour] and see what we’re up against. But listen, Jasi! Remember how I sent a [Message] a few days back to Erin? She replied!”
“Really? What did she say?”
Jasi bent over the table as Emme pulled out a piece of parchment she’d gotten from the Mage’s Guild. The [Director] relayed Erin’s words.
“She says…she doesn’t have any. None that she can think of. She says she watched parts of something called The Children’s Hour, but she can’t use her Skill to recall the parts she didn’t watch.”
“What? Can she at least transcribe all that she remembers? Maybe we can get Andel to use it. Although he’s got his head shoved so far up his behind that he’ll soon be nothing but ass.”
Dismayed, Jasi looked at the tight handwriting. Emme shook her head. She was still excited, though.
“Temile is going to get her to try. But see here? This is what she told him when he asked her your question. She says—why not just change one of the current plays? Like Juliet and Romeo. Put Juliet in Romeo’s place and alter the lines.”
Jasi looked up.
“But that’s not the same. Romeo is different than Juliet. Erin doesn’t get how the roles work.”
“Right. So that’s why I thought—let’s rewrite the scripts. Dead gods, we do it already! Let’s create a female role out of the male ones, so they’re believable and true to the performance!”
The Drake looked up, meeting Emme’s eyes. She hesitated, then smiled. That was more like it.
“Of course! But—Andel will never go for it.”
Emme looked innocent.
“Who said anything about Andel? He’s too busy over his masterpiece, anyways. Let’s just think about which play you’d like to adapt. If you had a preference?”
Jasi didn’t have to think.
“Macbeth.”
Emme raised her brows.
“Really? You want the traitor’s role?”
“I’ve seen Wesle do it. That’s the role I want to play, only as Lady Macbeth, serving my [King]—or [Queen]! And I want different lines, Emme. I’m not strangling anyone on stage. But I could knife someone.”
The Dwarf woman paused. But then she smiled. She turned and called across the inn and the Players still present.
“Orica!”
A woman looked up. She had been helping write [Messages] back to the Mage’s Guild, but now she stood up and hurried over. She had ink-stained fingers, spectacles, and so many piece of parchment that she needed a clipboard to hold it all. She rushed over. The second [Writer] for the Players of Celum who did the ‘silver-coin’ plays, which were simpler, involved modern events, and drew in crowds, nodded to Jasi, then Emme.
“Something you want, Emme? Miss Jasi?”
“Yes. Put aside all your projects for now, Orica. We want you to rewrite Macbeth.”
The [Writer] looked wary.
“Isn’t that Andel’s territory, Emme?”
She was a former [Scribe], unlike Andel, who had been a [Potter] until the written word had called him to produce his first play. Jasi liked Orica more, for all she lacked Andel’s pure creativity at time. Orica worked fast and accommodated a lot more than the touchy Andel.
Emme shook her head.
