6.63 P
Page 31
No one did. But people were sitting up in their chairs, nodding. Emme looked up. She stared around, and then clenched a fist.
“That’s right. That’s right! We can’t give up. We just have to prove we’re real [Actors]. Elisial it is. Grev! Medel! Everyone! Get the word out! Jasi, you’re lead. Everyone else, with me! Stagehands, we need to find a big spot, sell tickets, and put together a play by nightfall! This has to blow the other troupe out of the water, you understand? It has to be a success. Now move out! This is going to be the best play we put out or I’ll feed you all to Eater Goats!”
 
—-
 
The play, the play! Invrisil glowed as evening fell. The vast city full of millions of souls was sprawling, filled with entertainment! But one group, the Players of Celum, had entered the city. And while they were not the first [Actors] who’d come to Invrisil, they were the originals, the best. Accept no substitutes!
And indeed, there was groundswell. There was a wave, ready to be ridden. More than a few people had heard of the [Actors] heading north. They’d seen the Men of Invrisil, but tonight, the [Actors] hit the streets hard. Grev, the stagehands, Emme herself, began spreading word that caught fire on the [Gossip] networks, that lit up the rumor mill.
“These ‘Men of Invrisil’ are fakes! They’re copycats who stole the real performances by the Players of Celum! You want to see good acting? Come see Elisial, a new play put on tonight! Go to Sedia Street—the warehouse. Seats are only six copper! There’s fancy seats. Two silver!”
One of the Players was a [Promoter], able to turn his [Town Crier] class into an even more persuasive class. And the jabs at the Men of Invrisil took to Invrisil like fire. There was, to Emme’s great disgust, a large audience of fans of the plays already, and news of a second troupe made them excited.
“Not second! The original! Tell Davion to shout that! Tell him to find people who liked the plays—get them here! And—and get some [Laborers], Grev! We need help setting up seats, and the stage!”
The warehouse Emme had rented was a flurry of activity. [Actors] were rehearsing lines; they had to get the new script down much sooner than Emme wanted! Jasi herself was standing, rehearsing lines amid the key actors. She turned to Andel—she was already reciting memorized lines rather than reading from script.
“Andel, my line here—is it—‘I would I had known thee sooner’, or ‘I would that I had known thee sooner?’ How deep is Lady Elisial here? Is she disillusioned yet, or am I reading too deeply into her character?”
Andel hurried over.
“That’s right! In fact, she’s already contemplating…”
Another pair of [Actors] were rehearsing to the side. Pralcem threw up his hands as Rami grabbed a blade.
“Milady, stop—”
“No, no! That’s the wrong version! I’ve rewritten your lines! Get me a new script!”
The [Writer] stormed over. Emme saw him snatch the pages that Pralcem was using. He screamed for a [Scribe]. Emme would have helped, but she was racing out of the warehouse.
Food! They needed food for the people! That was a huge source of income! The first two places Emme rushed into, a tavern and a pub, told her flat out they couldn’t provide for that many people and weren’t interested in trying. The third, a restaurant, was better. The owner, who was also a [Cook] who made food that was cheap and plentiful, brightened when he heard Emme out.
