6.63 P
Page 12
The Drake [Actress] nodded. She rose, and Grev snagged all the remaining snacks on the plate, secreting them away into a belt pouch for later. He did that, and would share the food with the children he met in town to town. But he always had a stash. Jasi turned, rubbing at the newer scales on her hands. There were still scars—as Drakes got them—from her time as a [Washer].
“Well then, let’s get to it, shall we? The Players of Celum have a performance to put on for the people of…Sovek? And I don’t intend to keep them wanting.”
 
—-
 
That night, the Players of Celum set up on their outdoor stage, watched by a small crowd of their audience. It was still thirty minutes till the performance, but the Players were very busy. The stage crew had set up a proper stage, maneuvering their backdrops into place out of the bags of holding, setting up poles and curtains—but that was only the background.
The [Actors] were in a flurry behind the curtains, putting on their costumes, makeup, rehearsing last-minute lines. Most were cool, including Jasi, who wasn’t on until the shorter first play was done. But the newer [Actors] were nervous. Even so, the most harried person was as always, Emme. She was directing the influx of audience members, ensuring no one was sneaking peeks without paying, and managing a dozen other aspects at once.
“Emme! Emme, we got the [Healer]! She says she won’t charge much if we provide the potions!”
One of the younger [Actors] and Grev hurried over to Emme. The half-Dwarf woman whirled, relieved.
“Excellent. That’s one less thing to worry about. Have her backstage, or to the side of the play so we can call on her if we need to!”
“No fear for the first play. Knock them dead, Medel. No—draw them in. And we’ll knock them dead.”
Pralcem nodded to the lead actor, dressed up in actual armor. Medel obligingly turned his head up and adopted an insufferably, cosmetically arrogant pose. There was laughter from the other [Actors], and the interested audience leaned forwards. More gathered, and as the sun finally dipped below the horizon, [Light] spells sprang forth around the stage. The curtains opened, more people gathered, some buying last-minute tickets.
This was how the play began. The curtains opened, and a young boy stepped out. Grev, dressed in a small suit, bowed to the bemused people. His voice was a shout.
“Ladies and gentlemen! Thank you for coming to see the Players of Celum! You are about to witness a play, an act put on by [Actors]! It is not real, but the stories told are timeless and true! Please do not speak or interrupt the performance! An intermission will be given to speak and move about; until then, please observe and enjoy in silence! Thank you! And now, a performance of The [Knight] and the [Jester], written by Miss Orica of the Players of Celum!”
And the play began. Jasi had seen it a hundred times. Yes, probably at least a hundred by now! Even the newer plays were old hat to the Players of Celum, who performed every night they weren’t travelling. She and the [Actors] not performing took their own seats, watching the nervous first team begin from back stage.
Emme wasn’t so laid back. She watched as the curtains opened and Medel strode out. The [Actor] played his role of a [Knight]. His first comment to the audience set the mood.
