6.63 P
Page 30
“Oh no! We’re not starting a fight! The Watch won’t be on our side. Get back, Pralcem! Let me think.”
She paced back and forth as the Players watched, anxious, murmuring angrily. Jasi knew what Emme was about to say as the [Director] turned. There was only one thing she could say.
“Let’s show them, then. If they want to play at acting, we’ll show them acting. We don’t fight. We just prove that we’re good. We’re here—”
“But they’ve been here twenty days! Apparently they were a huge hit the first two weeks!”
Yimur groaned into his paws. Jasi saw Grev slipping out of the inn. She nearly raised her voice, but she let him go. Emme’s face fell.
“Well—how big?”
“Big enough that I think at least ten thousand people have seen them. Probably more. They were huge, Emme. And they’re rich. There are eighty of them and they’re putting on performances day and night! They’ve rented a warehouse—they’re performing from there.”
There was dead silence. And then an oath. Emme grabbed a chair and smashed it on the ground. The [Innkeeper], a former [Sailor], took one look as the Dwarf screamed curses and retreated back into the kitchen.
“They stole our thunder! It’s ours! All our plays—this should be illegal!”
One of the [Actors], Kassa, had tears in her eyes. Rima was looking around.
“They can’t have done them all. Can they?”
She looked at Yimur. He hesitated, and Jasi stood up.
“I think Grev’s going to find out. Let’s wait for his report.”
He wasn’t long in returning. The boy returned to the inn, looking uncharacteristically worried. Jasi turned to him.
“How many plays do they have, Grev?”
He hesitated.
“Hamlet, Othello, Macbeth—all of ‘em! They’ve got every play we’ve ever done, even the silver-coin ones!”
The Players stared. Andel sat down hard in a chair.
“All? Even my adaptations?”
“They must have been paying to have someone listen and copy us.”
Wesle murmured. The Players looked at each other. Pralcem stood up.
“Now can we kill them?”
Even Emme looked like she wanted to agree. But Jasi shook her head. She waved a claw for everyone’s attention. And when she spoke, it wasn’t in Wesle’s commanding voice. She didn’t have the same air. She just spoke from the heart. But there was an authority of her own there.
“No. Listen. I know everyone’s furious. I am too. What that other group’s doing is wrong. But we can’t fight them. There’s no law against what they did. I wish there were, but there isn’t.”
“There are laws against stealing ideas among the guilds! If they were [Blacksmiths] stealing an invention, they could be blacklisted!”
Kilkran growled. Jasi nodded.
“True. But there’s no Actor’s Guild. And we have to face facts. Even if we take them down, we need to build our reputation in Invrisil. So we need to perform. Tonight!”
“How? They have all our plays! Even if we do them better, we won’t draw a crowd of people who’ve never seen an act.”
“Then we show them what makes us different, Medel. Listen. There’s one play we have that they don’t! Elisial!”
The Players looked up. They turned to Andel, then to Jasi. Pralcem looked hopeful—then resigned.
“We performed it three days ago, though!”
“Even if they’ve seen it, they won’t have Andel’s updated version. And—Yimur, how good are these [Actors]? Can they memorize a script in three days?”
The Gnoll bared his teeth.
“That lot? I saw their best. And they’re lazy. They fumble lines, they don’t have any presence—no. I think they wouldn’t be able to copy Elisial already.”
“Then that’s our opening. Unless anyone disagrees?”
