6.63 P
Page 34
It was Wesle, Pralcem, Rima—then Jasi, Chellise—Medel, all of the Player’s best. But this time Jasi was the one who shone. And as the play continued, as the audience became more enraptured, the brighter she grew.
“She’s doing it! Andel, look at her!”
Jasi seemed to grow more animated, more real, as if the rest of the world were turning grey around her. No; she didn’t take away from the world, she enhanced it. She was using her Skill.
[Audience Charge]. Their attention on her was revitalizing. As Jasi performed, the eyes, the anticipation, all of it became energy. And she drew it in, revitalizing herself, adding it to her stockpiles, performing at her best. Beyond it.
Even the best of the Players would grow tired after multiple acts in a play. Even with stamina potions. The nervous energy a low-quality stamina potion would give you wasn’t the same as being at your best. But Jasi didn’t need a potion.
She drew her energy from the audience and slew them in their seats. Emme could see slack jaws, people comparing what they’d seen to an actual [Actor], who didn’t fumble, who made speaking the lines of the play natural—or heightened, as the scene called. Acting wasn’t recital. Anyone could read a line. You elevated what you were given or you strove to match it, never less.
 
—-
 
Jasi remembered the play only in pieces. In the depths of her concentration, she felt herself staring at the audience, as if she were distracted. But really, it was the teensiest part of her that had time to even look at them. The rest was so consumed in her role that her memory only picked up pieces of that night.
Gaping faces. A man dressed like a [Butler], staring up at Jasi, a pair of Runners sitting agape, an adventuring team filled with two Nagas pointing up at her. A [Mage] with green hair, a Centauress Runner open-mouthed, practically dancing her hooves on the ground with excitement.
Flashes. In the end, Jasi lay, bleeding, alone, propped up on rubble torn from a failed plot. Her hubris and shattered ideals lay around her, the bodies of her failures. Jasi looked up. She spoke a line, and searched for something more. The life left her and she collapsed. The curtains swept close.
And the audience went wild. It was like a lot of performances. Except…not. Jasi looked up, panting, after she’d taken the curtain call and bowed repeatedly. The cast surrounded her, patting her on the shoulder, sagging against each other with relief. Jasi looked at Emme.
“Okay, I admit it. Andel wrote a decent play. I still want to play someone not motivated solely by love.”
The [Director] had tears in her eyes. She looked out at the audience demanding to see the cast, talking about how different it was from what they’d seen! And she shook her head.
“Jasi, after tonight, I’ll pay for a new play myself!”
 
—-
 
That night, the Players of Celum celebrated hard. They’d done one performance, but Elisial had been huge. And it had put them on the map. They were staying in the inn, but hardly out of company. Aside from their own group, the inn was practically heaving with people who wanted to buy them drinks—and talk to them about acting.
“We’re [Actors]. I’m not sure what you’ve seen, but the Players of Celum are the best in—in the world! Or have you seen better?”
Kilkran was happily drunk, speaking to a man, possibly a [Merchant] who had bought everyone a round, twice. The man shook his head.
