6.63 P
Page 5
Wesle sighed. He reached for a bit of fish, chomped it down. None of the Players were drinking, and they were eating lightly before the night’s performance. Experience had told them alcohol and overly-heavy foods was a mistake.
Emme was no [Actor], but she was equally sober. She drained her mug of water and filled it from the pitcher; the inn had some kind of cold magic, either in their [Cook] or some spell, so there was ice in the pitcher, a nice treat. She tapped the paper, her voice firm and commanding.
“There’s a place for the original text. But not on first showing. To draw the audience in, they have to understand the context of the play. Remember Wales? We can put on the original text to honor the Bard, but as your [Director], I have to insist we use the rewritten version for the majority of our plays. No more arguments, now.”
She looked at Pralcem and the [Actor] reluctantly subsided. The other Players nodded; the existential debate over the authenticity of the original text had ended, at least for the next few days. Doubtless it would come up again.
“Funny. I never thought my days would be debating the validity of my performance and travelling from town to town.”
Kilkran chuckled at last, and the room laughed with him. Who could have imagined? Jasi nodded, and cast her eyes towards the door. She could hear raucous noise from beyond, but not that of drinkers; someone was declaiming in a loud voice, while others murmured, bickered, and more [Actors] recited their lines.
“How are the new recruits doing, Rima? Do you think we have a second set, or do they need time?”
The [Actress] grimaced, as did Emme.
“Give them a week, Jasi. They’re still a bit raw. Decent—but we’re definitely taking the first play. We can swap out with the second team to see how they do with us—”
“The regulars won’t like it. They earned their spot.”
“Well, let them take the leading roles in the other plays. And it’s just to try them out. No one’s replacing anyone, but they have to be flexible.”
“True. And we’ve some great talent. Shawli’s performance the other night was just superb. She played Elsa phenomenally. If she could just have Jasi’s gravitas…”
“She’s decent. And so is Medel, but he panics. You saw him freeze up playing Othello last week when he flubbed a line? They all need experience.”
“True, but that’s not as bad as actual lack of talent, Kilkran.”
Wesle laughed at the offended bald man’s ire over the lesser [Actors] in their troupe. By now, the Players of Celum were over forty strong. That included two teams of [Actors] to put on multiple plays back-to-back and in case of accidents, people to make dresses and props, people to apply makeup, help set up the stage—and Grev. Jasi hoped he wasn’t causing trouble out there, but she could hear his higher-pitched voice now and then, and he had changed as much as she had with the Players of Celum.
Gone was the culpable young boy who participated in Celum’s crime, leading marks to muggings or stealing coin pouches. Grev was still young and street-wise, but he was Emme’s left hand, managing and assisting the [Actors]. Emme claimed Grev was too weak to qualify for her right-hand status.
The Players of Celum were settling back, and Pralcem had just ordered another round of snacks to tide them over for tonight when they heard a crash and raised voices from the other room. The inner group looked up and Emme groaned.
“What have those idiots done now?”
Yimur perked up his ears. The Gnoll waited, and shook his head.
“A fight. Medel and Kassa are at it again.”
“Again? We should get rid of both!”
