6.63 P
Page 14
Macbeth. It was a timeless tale, if you knew it. The story was simple even if you didn’t. In short, there were [Witches]. A man destined to be [King]. Treason, guilt, corruption into darkness, and downfall. It was indeed a timeless tale, regardless of species or location. And it was a classic, one taught to the Players of Celum. Now, as the audience cooled off their laughter, the leading cast took to the stage. And they tried to knock Sovvex’s audience off their seats.
This performance started poorly. The opening scene began in time-honored tradition, with thunder, lightning, and three [Witches]. Unfortunately, the spellcaster in charge of the effects fumbled his first spell.
It was meant to be thunder and lightning, but the [Hedge Mage] holding the spell produced something more like thunder combined with a honk and a paltry flash of light. Emme swore.
“That bastard! He has one job!”
“I told you we needed a better [Mage]!”
Andel hissed at Emme. She could only shake her head; [Mages], especially specialized in the illusion school the Players needed, were rare. She’d have loved to replace the man they had, but she could only watch. She was nervous; if this play failed, the Players failed. They had one chance, so she waited, her nails digging into her palms.
The bemused audience watched as three [Witches], one played by Chellise, two by new [Actors], took the stage. They had a hard job; to change the mood from hilarity to interest in this new play.
Chellise did a good job. Her first line wasn’t actual words, but a piercing, cackling, shriek that made the audience jump in their seats. The [Witch]’s laughter rang through Sovvex’s square as Chellise turned. She flicked the magical wand she carried, sending dark spirals of magic across the stage. Emme nodded approvingly. Now the audience saw.
This was a [Witch]. And here was a story. Chellise crowed.
“When shall we three meet again? In thunder, lightning, or in rain?”
From the background, several [Actors] were shouting, clashing metal together. A distant battlefield. Emme had altered the stage directions to set up the battlefield earlier. The audience leaned forwards as the Second Witch turned.
“When the hurly-burly’s done. When the battle’s lost and won.”
These were the original lines, uncut, unaltered. Some of the play had been changed, but Andel, who’d been forced to rewrite some of the dialogue, hadn’t touched the truly excellent parts. Emme watched. The first scene went well! And then—
One of the [Actors] playing the Second Witch tripped on her robes on her way off-stage. Emme clapped her hands to her hair as the [Witch] fell. The audience blinked, and the hilarity from the first play resurfaced. Was this a comedy?
“Damn, damn, damn, those idiots—”
Laughter from the front. Emme was pacing back and forth. There was a pause, and then the sounds of fighting grew louder. Someone blew a trumpet, and King Duncan, the ill-fated [King], strode out with his retinue, amid the sounds of fighting. The audience watched as he turned, the victorious winner of a bloody battle.
The people in the crowd watched, patient, taking in the background. King Duncan learned of the battle and the heroism of a ‘Macbeth’ and ‘Banquo’. Emme watched faces, anxious. People were frowning, trying to understand why they needed the story.
“I told you. Humor first means they’re not taking it seriously. We should have led with My Fair Lady or—”
“Shut up Andel, or I’ll feed you your script! Watch!”
