6.63 P
Page 8
“As I said, my finest. Not at the Bard’s level, but…yes, my finest. I’ve worked on this for the last four weeks. And leveled eight times in the doing. It may not be the equal to anything else, much less our ever-popular silver-piece productions…”
His tone turned scornful. Jasi looked up with a frown and Emme’s brows crossed. She hesitated, about to reprimand the [Writer], but Pralcem spoke up impatiently.
“Come off it, Andel. The silver-piece productions pay for your masterpieces. You must have more copies, older rewrites, right? Let’s have them over. I want to read!”
Andel nodded. He produced older drafts and the [Actors] took it, scanning the pages and reading fast while he explained what he’d changed. Emme grumbled a bit since there was enough paper to keep all eleven Players reading their own copies.
“You go through paper and ink like it’s water, Andel! It’s not cheap!”
“You fund my writing, and I produce the plays that earn you money, Emme. What do you think? As I said, I’ll have copies made. But I want to workshop it after seeing the reaction of the audience!”
The Players were silent as they read. At last, Kilkran looked up.
“Dead gods, this is titanic! As long as Hamlet! And some of the lines are fiery. What do you call the play, Andel? My copy doesn’t have a title—”
The [Writer] permitted himself a smile, relieved and proud at the same time. Jasi had to agree with Kilkran; it wasn’t yet on the level of Shakespeare, but Andel had outdone himself. She looked up as he nodded to the copy Wesle held.
“The play’s name is Elisial. After the titular heroine and antagonist herself. Elisial du Crenos.”
A noblewoman from Terandria, born into wealth and a supporter of her kingdom and household’s politics. Jasi’s eyes flicked across the script, taking it in. Yes, this was definitely in the vein of Shakespeare. But—topical! She murmured out loud, frowning.
“She’d better not be actually titular. Because I want the role—”
“Dead gods, Jasi! That’s not what the word means!”
“Don’t get snippy with me, Andel! Not everyone can read those dictionaries all day! What’s ‘titular’ mean?”
Kilkran replied absently.
“It means the very thing from which the name derives. The font of the art, so to speak. Say—Drake [General]—”
“Or Gnoll. It’s meant to be an Izrilian [General] so it’s meant for Yimur or another Drake if we induct more members.”
“Temile’s troupe is apparently more than half non-Human. A pity we can’t link up. But we’re moving north and Miss Erin’s door to Invrisil hasn’t arrived yet.”
“Maybe we can link up? Imagine that! All our time travelling and we could have strolled right in—”
Pralcem looked up and nodded around the room. He was excited, but he gestured to the script as he waved it.
“This is exactly what I was talking about. Andel, it’s marvelous! But it’s still a recreation of classic tropes, isn’t it? This is a retelling of the Second Antinium War from the Terandrian perspective!”
The penny dropped. Jasi skimmed ahead and made a soft sound. Pralcem was right! Andel smiled, a bit smugly.
“Of course! The Goblin King’s armies are marching, Lady Elisial’s husband is preparing to ride to war, she finds herself caught between encouraging the war and the horror of it as her lover is called to arms as well—and finds herself on the side of the isolationists who would see Izril burn!”
“Risky.”
Rima murmured from the side. Emme waved that off. She was reading slowly, like Jasi. Despite practice, reading in bulk wasn’t something most people did often. She looked up shortly.
