6.63 P
Page 24
Grev darted out of Jasi’s reach. Rima laughed, and the group returned to the inn in high spirits. The Players had set up in the inn they’d come to while they took stock. Emme was grumbling about finding a good spot to perform in, preferably the same place where they’d sleep, but she’d already paid the [Innkeeper] to let them put their things in a room for a few hours.
“We should have sent someone to scout ahead and find the best spot! I’m not setting up everything twice, Jasi, and location is key! Where have you been? Wesle found someone!”
She pointed at Wesle and a man dressed in colorful clothing, a lute slung over his back to Jasi. The Drake walked over and Wesle stood up.
“Jasi! Meet Mister Desirel. I was checking out the city and we crossed paths.”
The Human man blinked at Jasi, but she was used to the reaction. She smiled, held out a claw to shake. He clasped her hand gingerly, but she didn’t scratch him with her nails.
“Delighted. I’m Jasi, a fellow [Actor] in the Players of Celum. How do you do?”
She added just a bit of refinement to her voice, and met the man’s gaze directly for a second. Charming—Desirel blinked, and then smiled, more genuinely.
“A pleasure, Miss Jasi? My name is Desirel, I am a humble [Bard]. Allow me to welcome you to Invrisil!”
Behind him, Grev rolled his eyes and made a rude and lewd gesture. Jasi stared at him for a second and Grev disappeared. Wesle motioned and all three sat down. He’d ordered an ale for Desirel—milk and a juice for himself and Jasi.
“We’re competing with a lot of other entertainment, apparently, Jasi.”
“I saw as much on my walk. But the city is massive. Surely we’ll find enough people for all of us?”
The [Bard] chuckled as he reached for his cup.
“That’s what I thought, Miss Jasi, Mister Wesle. But it can be difficult! So you’re the Players of Celum? Not a bad name, and you’ve come at a good time. Still, you’ll need a bit more flash than this to make a proper living.”
He gestured towards Emme and the others. Wesle raised his eyebrows.
“You mean…?”
“Music! Magic! Costumes! You have some, don’t you?”
“Oh, we have costumes. But we’re not doing…entertainment. We’re [Actors], Mister Desirel. We perform stories.”
The [Bard] wrinkled his nose as Wesle tried to explain.
“Oh? Close to [Performers], then. Well, I daresay you can find good work with the nobility. They always want some saga about them written, and there’s steady work if you’ve a decent group.”
“We’re [Actors], not [Performers], Mister Desirel. There is a difference.”
Jasi’s voice was polite, but insistent. The [Bard] hesitated.
“Even so, I’d say you need to temper your expectations. Your Dwarf friend was asking about getting into the biggest inns? Good luck! Even Gold-rank adventurers have to compete for our best spots. We’ve several Level 30 plus [Innkeepers] in the city. A few almost as good as that one near First Landing. And their inns—oh, fabulous. But as I said, even adventurers can’t just pay their way in. Named Adventurers and the biggest [Merchants] can—in fact, Ellia Arcsinger herself is staying in the city! But again performing in her inn would mean you’ve reached the top.”
“And there is a top?”
The [Bard] grimaced.
“We have a Level 40 [Troubadour] in the city, among others. You think you can compete? It’s hard to play your best music and watch her steal your entire audience. They don’t come back, or if they do, they don’t pay as much after seeing her perform.”
