6.63 P
Page 19
It wasn’t a perfect play. Emme had seen better. She was making notes on her parchment as she watched, not spellbound like everyone watching for the first time. She envied them; the Players of Celum had vastly improved since Liscor and if she had seen this—
Well, she might not have applied to be the [Director] of the acting troupe. Because this was polished. Again, not perfect; the [Witches] lacked magical effects since their [Hedge Mage] was well and truly useless at grand illusions. They had a cauldron and color liquid that gave off noxious odors, but nothing more.
Wesle was their star, but even he stumbled a bit in Act 4; Emme put it down to the poor rewrite Andel had done. It still needed to flow perfectly with contemporary dialogue.
Even so.
The audience watched as Macbeth turned to the murder of families. Until he was cornered by Macduff, played by Pralcem. He died, and a head was carried back on stage. The play ended there, with a new [King] chosen, promising a new era after the downfall of the evil [King] Macbeth. The curtains closed.
The play was done. Yet the audience sat there, waiting, staring. They were so spellbound they didn’t applaud at first, when the curtains opened and the cast stood there. Even after the [Actors] bowed, there was a pregnant pause. Then they gave a standing ovation.
The wild cheering made Emme smile. The audience nearly flooded the stage, kept back by the stagehands, demanding questions. What was that? Another play! Emme hurried forwards, letting the [Actors] shake hands. Grev appeared with a basket, producing little bits of stiff paper to sign. The audience had to buy the paper, not the signatures.
The hubbub didn’t die down for nearly an hour after the play had ended. And indeed, the news took the town of Sovvex by storm. You had to see it! In fact, anyone who’d waited to see it was a fool! Those who had seen the play were too excited to sleep, trying to describe the art of the theatre to their friends.
It was something they had never seen. Beyond something new. It was acting, given life by magic and Skill and craft. Emme liked to think that even Erin would have been impressed to see how far the Players had come. It still wasn’t the white-hot lines that burned sometimes within the confines of her skull, but it was closer. They were all pursuing a dream, a vision. The Players had brought it here. And the people of Soxxev or whatever this place was loved them for it.
 
—-
 
The Players stayed another day. They had to; they might have been mobbed if they’d tried to leave without doing an all-day set. This time the first team, Jasi, Wesle, and so on, let the second-stringers, the newer [Actors] perform. But the original [Actors] refused to take themselves off the stage too long; they did Andel’s new play and discussed it directly afterwards as they were replaced by the second-team, having had their rest, to do Frozen.
“I have to admit it, Elisial isn’t half-bad. It’s not perfect, but it does feel like Andel’s taken parts of all our classics. A bit of Othello, Hamlet—I still don’t like that Lady Elisial has to be so—so blind as to turn traitor like that, but the audience comes around to her side.”
Jasi was talking, relaxing and fanning herself after having performed in the open sun. The audience outside was filling the plaza, and Emme was having to exchange all the copper and silver coins into gold. Kilkran nodded, mopping at his bald head.
“It has some rough patches, but it can be improved! I felt Act 2 was weakest, myself—”
