6.63 P
Page 16
It was Wesle who sold the performance, though. And he didn’t act like he had in Erin’s inn, playing a role and reciting lines like a puppet on stage for enjoyment or dismay. He became Macbeth.
Here was a man. A mortal man, a [General] who was named a [Lord] for his valor and deeds in combat. And one who was prophesied to become a [King]. Emme watched, her mind detached from the immediate nature of the play, on the lookout for mistakes, problems. She watched as Jasi, playing Lady Macbeth, came on stage.
Jasi, cold as ice, full of naked ambition like venom. Enticing her husband to commit treason, to kill his [King]. At first, Wesle was a sympathetic lead. Ambitious, but hesitant, aware of the horror of his crime. He hesitated as he clutched at a dagger unseen. But he did kill Duncan, returning with bloodied, shaking hands. He became a [King].
And then he became a monster.
That was the genius of it. Wesle was first the [General], then the reluctant [Traitor]. And then the [King]. It was a quick transformation; the play was only two hours after all, but Wesle somehow still managed to make Macbeth sink, shedding his virtues one by one, rather than transform in one motion. When he coldly lied, when he murdered men and ordered more killed, the audience grew silent. There was something dark growing in Macbeth. But more was yet to come.
The turning point was in Act 3. Up until then, Macbeth had played the role of traitor, assuming command after killing his sovereign ruler off-screen. It was a powerful scene, and the following scenes, full of lies and intrigue, were gripping to the audience. But in Act 3, the performance on the stage grew heated.
For reasons the Players of Celum hadn’t understood and Erin hadn’t explained, the original works of the Bard of Avalon had had very little on-stage death. There were some fight scenes, but most death came off-stage, like the death of the [King], Duncan. In their initial plays, Erin had stuck to the script, having a few thrilling mock-battles, but nothing more. The [Actors] had first improvised with dulled swords and their own knowledge of combat—Celum’s own City Watch could fake a rollicking fight, including Wesle himself.
But now…they’d made it real. And even improvised.
Act 3, Scene 3. The murder of Banquo and his son, Fleance. Macbeth had ordered three killers, including Yimur, to kill his once-friend Banquo and his son. The audience might have expected the battle to come offstage, but the script called for an on-stage battle. In Erin’s inn, it might have been a short duel to shake up the stage. Now?
Yimur, Pralcem, and Kilkran, changing costumes for the role, advanced on Banquo and Fleance. The [Lord] and his son turned, and Yimur attacked.
The first slash was so quick the audience didn’t see it. The former [Guardsman] slashed at the [Actor] playing Banquo and his friends attacked his son, Fleance. True to their natures, they fought back. All five [Actors] knew how to handle a blade. The audience blinked. Suddenly, there was violence on stage! They leaned forwards, entranced.
But this wasn’t a thrilling sword-fight like Sir Velcan the Shining versus the [Bandit Lord]. No. Yimur locked blades with Banquo, snarling. He took a deep cut along one leg, staggered. Banquo drew his sword back, crowing, and Yimur slashed. His sword came up—
And he lopped off Banquo’s hand. The [Lord] stared as his hand and the sword clattered to the ground. And the audience froze. Because that hadn’t been a false hand.
