6.63 P
Page 37
The [Actors] stared at him. Eltistiman looked up from his bow, meeting Jasi’s eyes. Emme squeaked.
“You? You want to join us?”
“After seeing your performance, how could I not? I can assure you, good Players of Celum, I am nothing but an asset. I can cast illusions, I’m proficient with a number of other spells—and I’m fairly good at fighting.”
Eltistiman stood up, gesturing at himself. The [Magician] was indeed resplendent, but he caught himself as he looked at Jasi. And he saw the same thing that had grabbed her staring out of the man’s eyes.
“I—I’d love to have a chance to do what you do. And I’m not the only one! But if I’ve earned any goodwill, might I have the honor of requesting an audition?”
He looked hopefully at her. Jasi paused. But then she shook her head. Eltistiman’s face fell, but Wesle, with impeccable timing, put a hand on his shoulder.
“Friend, with a flair like that, you don’t need an audition.”
Eltistiman Verdue blinked. And then he looked around and beamed. And then the Players of Celum had really, truly, come to Invrisil.
 
—-
 
The Greenblades were on the run. The Watch was hot on their heels and their members were scattering towards bolt holes. The [Thug Boss], a man who was fast with a hatchet and dangerous, nicknamed…well, it didn’t really matter. In the casting of life, he only had a bit part, at least in this scene.
And here was someone else’s star moment. The [Thug Boss] was racing for a safe house when something tripped him up and he went flying. His two companions shouted, and the [Thug Boss], hitting the ground, scrambling up, heard shouts—cries of pain—then silence. He whirled, grabbing for his axe—
And Sacra kicked him in the face. The [Thug Boss] was tough, and still went for his weapon, but someone else booted him forwards. Into a wall. The man decided not to go for the weapon after that. He raised his hands.
“Wh—what—”
Reynold the [Butler] adjusted his uniform as he stepped smartly over to the fallen [Thug Boss]. He nodded to Sacra, and she checked the two [Thugs] he’d downed.
“I thought we were looking at these [Actors] you mentioned. The good ones, Reynold. I’ve seen the other group.”
The [Maid], sometimes adventurer, and spy stared at Reynold. The [Combat Butler] shrugged apologetically.
“Hazards of our job, Miss Sacra. Let’s not linger long.”
“You!”
The [Thug Boss] recognized the iconic uniforms of the two employees of Magnolia Reinhart. He raised his hands as Sacra drew up her foot. She was wearing boots, which didn’t fit the rest of her maid outfit.
“You can’t touch me! Magnolia Reinhart is hands-off with Invrisil! Everyone knows that! I haven’t killed anyone!”
The two servants looked at each other, amused. Reynold cleared his throat and addressed the man on the ground.
“Yes, sir. That is what people say. Although I’ve never heard Lady Reinhart say as much to my face, have you, Sacra?”
“Nope.”
She looked down at the [Thug Boss]. Reynold adjusted his collar.
“It is true that Lady Reinhart has a no-hands policy when it comes to business in Invrisil. Which is why she has instructed us to kick you until you’re unable to move and let the Watch capture you. Don’t worry, I imagine you’ll be out of prison soon enough. Perhaps with some inconvenience, sir. But you see, it could be worse.”
“Worse?”
The man shrank back as Sacra and Reynold stepped to flank him. The [Butler] bent.
