6.63 P
Page 26
“Not this time. You see, Andel’s busy with his new work, but Jasi and I think you’d be better than he is. Because we want to rewrite parts of Macbeth. Not to change the language, but the characters. Jasi wants to play Lady Macbeth, and we want you to alter her dialogue. Tweak her performance to match…well, a female character. Change others too! Can you do that?”
Orica’s eyes lit up. She sat down, putting her magical quill and clipboard on the table. She thumbed through it, finding an empty piece of parchment.
“I can do that. You know, I’ve always thought how odd it was that none of Shakespeare’s works had female warriors in them. None at all! It must have been a cultural thing. But—I can certainly try to adapt the play!”
“Not too much. Just make it believable. Add in a few details that change the play!”
Jasi bent over the table, speaking eagerly. Orica was already jotting notes down.
“Of course, Miss Jasi. It’s just nuance. A lot of the lines work fine as they are, but I could completely see a scene where the [Witches] first greet Lady Macbeth as their own. Sister! Yes—”
“Pralcem will flip his lid when he hears about this.”
Grev appeared from the side, chewing on some dried jerky. He grinned as the three women turned. Jasi scowled at him.
“Stop bothering us, Grev! And don’t you dare tell Pralcem or anyone else until we’re ready—”
A figure burst into the inn before Grev could reply. Pralcem himself, breathless, desperate, turned as the Players looked up. He scrambled for words, then shouted.
“Wesle! Jasi! All of you with weapons, come quick! They got Andel and Kilkran when they were out shopping!”
“Who? What?”
The Players shot to their feet. Wesle jumped out of his seat where he and the [Bard] were sitting. He rushed towards the door. Emme grabbed for Jasi.
“No, wait! Let Wesle and the men—”
“Damn the men! Let go, Emme! Let me see!”
In her seat, Orica sat up and began scribbling fast as Jasi tore away from Emme. She charged out the door, after Wesle. She only had a belt dagger, but she’d lived in the poorer parts of Celum. And the Players were her family.
 
—-
 
She found Kilkran and Andel surrounded by a crowd—and the City Watch. They were already on the scene and a [Healer] was tending to the two men. Andel had a bloody nose, Kilkran had taken a blow along the head. He was babbling to Wesle when Jasi arrived, panting.
“They jumped us! Just attacked us on the street, as we were shopping! Four of them! I thought this was a safe city! But they attacked us—ran off before the [Guards] could even get them!”
“[Thugs]. They must have sensed the gold your friends were carrying, sir. There’s a new group in the city. They must have been behind it.”
The [Guardsman] addressed Wesle. The [Actor] drew him aside and Jasi followed. She heard the two speaking.
“—former Watch myself. How normal is this?”
The other [Guardsman] hesitated, but Wesle had a hand on his shoulder and he was copying the former [Watch Captain] of Celum. The [Guardsman] straightened, looking abashed.
“Honestly? Rare, sir—Mister Salkis. Attacks in the open don’t happen in Invrisil, not like this! But as I said, there’s this new gang and your friends must have been carrying enough gold to warrant it.”
“Those idiots probably had forty gold between them. Kilkran and Andel spend big.”
Jasi groaned. The [Guardsman] nodded. And his expression read ‘idiots’ as he glanced at the two sitting and being tended to. He turned to Wesle.
