6.63 P
Page 13
“A [Knight] is the epitome of valor and selflessness! Long have I travelled, from Terandria itself, to fulfill my very vows and demonstrate to the heathens of Izril what true courage and honor looks like! Let all who witness my deeds know that I, Sir Velcan the Shining, was the architect of such glories!”
It was a good delivery, done just in the right way, with that imperious head tilt, and even more insufferable arrogance thrown in. There was almost no overdoing the role, and the audience began to hoot at Medel until they remembered Grev’s injunction against silence. But the silver-coin plays were always like that. And this was a comedy.
A modern one too, written by one of the Player’s [Writers]. Not Andel; he wouldn’t stoop to simple comedy, but Emme had chosen well. Kassa burst from behind the stage as Sir Velcan began striding about, haranguing other [Actors] and trying to pursue his quest of self-importance. The first thing the merry [Jester] did, after announcing how Sir Velcan needed to lighten up, was to hit Medel with a pie from across the stage.
The audience, who’d gone along with the acting out of curiosity at first, saw the pie flying. Sir Velcan, in the middle of haranguing an old woman, turned. The pie hit him in the face and Medel performed a perfect pratfall, landing in a crash of armor and an oath. There was dead silence for a microsecond—and then roars of laughter.
“Yes!”
Emme clenched one fist as the citizens of Sovvex got the point. It wasn’t hard to get people to understand what a play was. They could have led with Macbeth, but something lighthearted and fun—like a comedy routine of an actual [Jester]—was better. It drew people in; Emme saw more people peering around the entrance to the square and paying for a ticket.
“Farcical. Low-brow. We’re [Actors], not [Fools]!”
Andel was scowling. And the play was indeed a pure comedy, filled with Sir Velcan falling over and making an ass of himself. But it was also uncharitable to say that it was on the level of a few [Tumblers] telling jokes. There was a story here.
The audience didn’t care at first. They laughed and hooted as the [Jester] relentlessly pranked the uptight [Knight]. But what made The [Knight] and the [Jester] so brilliant was that Sir Velcan was still on a quest. There was a plot, albeit simple, and as the play wore on, Kassa, the [Jester], helped Sir Velcan actually accomplish good deeds.
Indeed, there was even a villain, an evil [Bandit Lord], and the audience, despite enjoying every minute of Sir Velcan’s bumbling, cheered when he managed to vanquish a legitimate evil. Still, at his ultimate triumph, the merry [Jester] got one last trick in; she undid his armor and it fall to the ground with a crash, revealing a nearly-naked Sir Velcan in little more than his underclothes.
The audience gasped, laughed, and applauded as Sir Velcan chased the [Jester] offstage. Andel rolled his eyes, but Emme thought it had been a fine performance.
“Kassa and Medel can act. It would be a shame to get rid of them. Stop glowering sour, Andel! This fills the seats. See?”
Emme pointed. The audience was nearly three times as large as it had been. Andel nodded reluctantly as Grev strode out to inform them that the second play of the night, Macbeth, was about to begin. He repeated his warning that this was a play. And both Emme and Andel leaned forwards. Because the real magic was about to begin.
