6.63 P
Page 1
He paced around the room, his eyes feverish, running a hand through his hair. The other eleven Players of Celum watched. They were the original crew, the heart of the Players of Celum. But hardly the only members of the troupe. Jasi frowned as she drank from her cup. The man—Pralcem—was a senior [Actor], a former [Huntsman] with a flair for the flamboyant. And the theatrical. He whirled, his voice loud in the room, urgent, seeking answers.
“There is no imitating this art. And it is art! The language, the style—it is a crime, a sin to alter it! We should be putting on the words verbatim, as Erin taught it to us!”
“Come off it, Pralcem. We’ve argued this before. We can’t expect a new audience to appreciate a play with the classic lines, let alone grasp half the nuance!”
An exasperated voice came from the side. Kilkran, the former [Blacksmith] who had a golden voice, bald head, and full beard—when his role didn’t demand he cut it—sighed as he drank from his cup and nibbled at a bit of fish. Pralcem glared at Kilkran and around the room.
“Can’t we? Or is it our inability to deliver the language that’s the reason? Aren’t you ashamed of butchering the original with our version of it?”
The other [Actors] shifted and Jasi frowned as she lowered her mug. She opened her mouth to speak, her tail moving under the chair, but another Player cut in. Jasi was the only Drake in the room, but there were two Gnolls. The only other one currently in the room, Yimur, frowned as he munched on a fish bone.
“That’s what we’re discussing, Pralcem. We’ll hear you out, but make a new argument for rain’s sake. Or else we’re just retreading the same discussion.”
The Gnoll’s voice was rolling and smooth, without the usual growling halts and turns of phrase that were quintessentially Gnollish in nature. The other [Actors] nodded. Pralcem took a breath, collecting himself.
“What I mean is that when you look at the plays—the ones we’ll put on tonight, don’t you think the text is positively sublime? I cannot imagine anyone writing such beauty today—not just in the artistic sense, but the technical! The language is different from our own! It speaks to a vision outside our own. Something that society, modern society, can comprehend, but never reproduce outside of imitation. Do you understand what I mean?”
A few of the [Actors] nodded, Jasi included. One of them raised his hand.
“How do you mean, it can’t be reproduced, only imitated, Pralcem? I’m not getting the point. We have our own [Writers].”
“Yes, but they copy the style. They’ve learned to write like the Bard of Avalon, this William Shakespeare, the creator of these plays. It’s not a natural style of writing—either in dialogue or in the nature of the plays themselves! By our representation of these works, by this Bard, or perhaps, [Bard], we bring the very nature of Shakespeare and his language and story craft into the consciousness. And so people may make something as great. But wherefrom did it originate? In what old culture or—Miss Solstice’s home? Why do they have something so divergent?”
Divergent. The lexicon of the Players of Celum had taken leaps and bounds since they’d taken to their vocation. The other [Actors] frowned. Thoughtfully, one of them, a man with a clean-shaven face and upright posture, spoke. He was very still as he spoke, but that only emphasized each gesture. And he commanded a presence, even among the Players of Celum.
Wesle Salkie, the lead [Actor] of the Players of Celum and one of the two original performers, spoke thoughtfully, and even Pralcem stopped pacing to listen to his thoughts.
