6.63 P
Page 10
Jasi bristled, but Wesle slapped a hand over Andel’s mouth. The [Writer] struggled, but both Wesle and Kilkran held him back. They wrestled him into his seat, and Emme stood up on her chair. She waved a hand, silencing Jasi’s retort.
“Alright, enough, enough! Andel, you’re overreacting. Jasi, maybe this isn’t the time to suggest everything right after Andel’s taken weeks of work?”
The young Drake woman hesitated and nodded. She felt a flicker of embarrassment, began to hide it, and then ducked her head apologetically. Andel’s fury subsided at the genuine look on Jasi’s face.
“That’s true. I’m sorry, Andel. It’s a wonderful play. It’s just—”
She trailed off. Emme looked around.
“It’s excellent. We can all agree on that. And I say, let’s put it on! Not today. We need to set up for tonight’s play. And with that said—is everyone ready? You have the modern scripts and your parts memorized?”
“Please. I’ve done our plays dozens of times. I could perform them now.”
Kilkran rolled his eyes, returning to his seat. Emme eyed him.
“You know all the adjusted lines? Every new bit of dialogue?”
He paused. The [Director] shook her head.
“I’ve thought of tonight’s lineup. We only have room for two plays since we arrived late and we had to get the word out. So—let’s start with the second team. For our opening, The [Knight] and the [Jester], as we agreed. Something to get the crowd in. Then we’ll hit them with…Macbeth?’”
The other Players considered it. Yimur nodded, combing his fur.
“The quintessential. Agreed.”
“No arguments. Let’s go, Andel. You can lie down; you haven’t slept since yesterday. Anyone have the latest version of the scripts? I think my line’s changed—”
“I’ll go see how the other team’s doing. I heard a dreadful delivery back there. Kilkran, come with me. Let’s straighten that out—”
The Players of Celum broke up. The veterans left the room, rejoining the main troupe. Jasi hung back with Emme. The part-Dwarf woman was looking at her meaningfully. Jasi waited until the door was closed to scoot her chair over and address her friend.
“Something has to be done, Emme. I’m fine with putting on plays and acting any part so long as it’s good, I really am. But when all the plays are always focused around males, I feel like it doesn’t reflect reality.”
Emme nodded. Her voice was thoughtful as she rested a hand on her chin. She had no beard, it had to be mentioned. Both males and females with Dwarven ancestry could sometimes grow huge, bushy ones, but Emme had claimed relief at not having one. You could live without a beard, or you could eat hair all your life with your meals. That was her stance.
“You know, Jasi. It’s not quite fair to say you don’t get to play female-led plays. Orica writes just as many plays where there’s a female lead. More than not, actually, since we have The Siege of Liscor and plays involving Erin.”
“I know, I know, Emme. It’s just—”
“She wants a proper play, Miss Emme. Not some ‘decent’ play. Jasi wants to be a legend, and get all the applause like Wesle does after he knocks the audience flat and lays the lot of them with his acting until they’re singing his praises all night.”
A younger voice piped up from behind the two women. Jasi and Emme whirled and Jasi shouted, flushing.
“Grev!”
