6.63 P
Page 15
Next came the [Witches] again. The audience laughed as they reappeared, and were then disappointed when none of them fell. Emme was cursing inside. But just when it seemed like the audience might lose interest, when some were shifting, muttering in confusion, the [Witches] turned, having chanted a spell. Emme looked stage right.
Macbeth, played by Wesle himself, strode on stage. And suddenly, there was silence.
Wesle had heard the laughter in the audience. No doubt he’d sensed the mood, realized the crowd was losing interest. So he had changed his usual entrance. He came onto stage bloody, his cheek cut deep, his armor red with blood. He was breathing hard, sheathing his sword.
And he was a [General]. In every line and pore, from the way he stood, to the way he surveyed the audience as he paused a moment, accompanied by his friend, Banquo. He drank a healing potion and the wound on his cheek healed as the audience watched; the bottle had already been uncorked, already halfway to his lips as he entered the stage.
It was like Wesle had strode off an actual battlefield. Emme held her breath. Because if Kilkran could play a decent King Duncan, if he could emote, and make the character feel alive, it was Wesle and Jasi who had reached another level. They had the Skills and levels—no, the experience to make their characters breathe.
Wesle—Macbeth, exhaled slowly, as he tossed the healing potion aside. He touched at the blood on his armor, on his gauntlets, and slowly turned to Banquo. He paused, and the audience stared at him. Wesle commanded silence, just as he had in the inn, but his focus was even deeper here. The [General] spoke shortly, his words still tinged with exhaustion.
“So foul and fair a day I have not seen.”
And with that line, he brought the audience back. They stopped murmuring. They resumed focus. Now they were curious. Now they listened.
This was Macbeth. The [Witches] promised Macbeth he was destined to be a [King], his friend Banquo that his children would be [Kings]. It was a tale Emme knew by heart. But even now, seeing it brought to life, was far different than reading a script.
The Players of Celum put on Macbeth. It was a sight to see, one that would have left even Erin Solstice speechless—had she been in the audience. Because it would have been different from the play the young woman from Earth knew! She had taught Wesle and Jasi and the original cast how to play Macbeth in Celum. And she had deemed their acting good, as good as, better than the plays she’d seen in the local theatre, or a high school play.
But the Players had advanced so far from that mark. Now, when they played Macbeth, there were actual props, armor, clothing, blood—and a full cast. They had a stage, background sets—even the scripts were different! As Pralcem had observed, the new scripts the Players of Celum used were revised, modern versions of the Shakespearian original.
The Players had cut lines and dialogue mercilessly, butchered the original to create something that read half like the play it was, half like reality. It gave the [Actors]’ deliverances an odd, enticing quality. The audience grew still, listening.
Here was something new. They watched as Macbeth listened to the [Witches], then found their prophecy coming true. He knelt before his [King], and naked ambition shone in his eyes.
It wasn’t a hard story to follow, although the nuance could be tricky. The [Actors] were telling a story and the people of Sovvex weren’t prepared to listen to a full plot. Even so, the Players had drawn them in.
