6.63 P
Page 4
“It’s wrong, Emme. I have to agree with Pralcem. The language is wonderful on its own, in all of Shakespeare’s plays. Rewriting it without being a Level 40 [Writer], at least, is…a crime! No offense, Andel.”
He nodded to a man hunched over in his chair in the corner of the room. The [Writer] didn’t respond, only grunted as his quill darted across the paper he was writing on. Emme sighed loudly, folding her arms. She could be immovable if she wanted.
“Wonderful is good. But do you understand everything you orate, Wesle? Does anyone? Even Erin couldn’t explain what ‘Ottomites’ were, or ‘Turks’. Not fully.”
“It’s clear from the context. Different nations. Cultures—in the context, Othello is clearly raging against the savagery that’s gripped the Ottomites, comparing them to the Turks, possibly a nation of [Barbarians]—”
“That’s an analysis you got from reading the play dozens of times, Pralcem! Are there any ‘Turks’ you know of now? Any nation? Any group?”
Pralcem shook his head grudgingly. Emme nodded. She gestured at the original script, lips pursed.
“We’ve had this argument before. But the fact remains that this Bard of Avalon was a master, but even he can’t write a totally timeless tale.”
“Each play tells a story about the Human condition—”
“Gnollish too, thank you!”
“—the mortal condition—”
Emme slapped the table, hard.
“But it’s still dated, Pralcem! It was a long time ago, I think. And I agree; the original is fantastic. And we should preserve it. But a play should be adaptable to the modern time. Do you think this work is so weak that it would roll over and die if we change the wording, not the spirit?”
She looked around, and the other Players of Celum paused. Jasi gave Emme a nod of support and Wesle had to nod with a sigh.
“That’s a good point. It’s just not as powerful as the original.”
“But it is accessible. We haven’t done away with the original language. Just simplified it. It’s a concession, yes, but this is a gateway to the classic. Without it, the audience becomes lost. More people than not won’t get into the style of Shakespearian prose.”
“I’m told that [Knights] in Terandria use a tongue that sometimes sounds similar to this.”
Rima murmured, comparing the original and the classic side-by-side. She handled the paper carefully, for all that each member of the group had multiple copies each. They could afford it, although the scripts were written small by [Scribes] to save space.
Kilkran just snorted, indicating his opinion of the [Knights] by spitting out a bug that had crawled into his drink.
“If they spoke half as well as the worlds I poorly spew on stage, they’d all be [Poets], not [Knights]. Pralcem had a point. Where did it come from? Or rather, where did Miss Solstice come from?”
The Players fell silent. It was another discussion they’d had often, when they weren’t arguing over the right way to read a line, practicing new plays, or performing. Jasi spoke up at last. Her voice was quiet, dreamy. The other Players looked at her with as much respect as Wesle. She and Wesle were the original [Actors], but more than that, they were the highest-leveled.
“She never told me. I think she might be afraid to let people know. Perhaps she’s a runaway. Or it’s a secret for another reason. Erin might come from some old village in Terandria. One of those places where people can trace their lineage back to before Humans ever settled Izril. Terandria, or another continent, some isolated place lost to time. I could imagine Erin coming from there.”
“Me too.”
