6.63 P
Page 11
The young boy gave his older sister a wicked, gap-toothed grin. Grev, short, no longer scrawny, but yet to hit his adolescence, was the very image of one of the street-children who ran in their own small gangs. And yet, time had changed him too. Now he was fleshed out, having all the meals he could want, and dressed well. He didn’t steal, but he hadn’t abandoned all his old ways. He must have sidled into the room after the others had left.
“Grev, you incorrigible little bug. How long have you been listening?”
Emme glared fondly at the boy, the only child among the Players of Celum. Everyone else had no children; all the married [Actors] had been left in Celum due to the stresses of the road. But Grev had insisted he’d come with his sister and Jasi wouldn’t have left him behind for anything. Still—they were brother and sister, not mother and son, and Jasi glared at Grev as he took a seat at the table.
“You little snitch. When did I say that?”
“Every time you drink too much and moan about not having a role that can show your inner, amazing self. As if you don’t get enough applause. Your head’s fatter than Miss Agnes’ was—ow!”
Grev ducked an irritable swipe of Jasi’s claws. Emme laughed. She glanced at Jasi and grew serious.
“She might be ambitious, but Jasi has a point, Grev. Unless you disagree?”
“Nope. Not that I was listening in. Good you had the funny play first. Them Sovvex folk—they don’t know what to make of the plays. I was listening to them talk and they think you’re doing something serious, like a retelling of historical events. Make ‘em laugh and then close in and hit them with Macbeth!”
He grinned again. Jasi smiled ruefully, trading looks with Emme. Grev was still young, but he had that world-weariness, that too-early maturity some children got. But he’d translated that into love of the plays. It had bitten him too, even if he liked to watch and not act. Still—Jasi turned to Emme. The [Director] sighed.
“Andel won’t change his script. You know how he is. I’ll talk him into it, but he wants it done his way tomorrow. And he has the right.”
“I know. But can I at least make my point without Kilkran looking at me as if I’m mad?”
The part-Dwarf woman raised her hands. Her eyes flickered, then she smiled.
“Tell you what. Why don’t I send a [Message] off to Temile? Have him ask Miss Erin if she knows anything? He sent us that script of The Shining, after all.”
Jasi brightened at once.
“Brilliant, Emme! Yes, ask! Erin might know something; if she can still think of new plays…she told us she ran out!”
“She’d probably hidden them. She’s crafty, that one. Or she forgot. She’s also as insane as a cracked dog.”
Grev nodded wisely. Jasi couldn’t quite disagree with the sentiment, only the wording. She shook her head.
“The new stuff is an adaptation, apparently. Temile didn’t explain it, but it’s not in the high-language of the Bard. Still, I am eager to put that new play on. Did you see Wesle trying to play the Jack character?”
Both Emme and Grev nodded. Emme shuddered at the memory.
“He’s got work to do, but it’s a horrific act he can put on. Horror—now there’s a new venue! But it’s not ready yet and we have to get all the props and stages done. And yes, Jasi. I know both it and the Psycho play have male leads. I see your point! But let’s focus on the play, shall we?”
