6.63 P
Page 3
An [Innkeeper]. She’d changed Jasi’s life. From [Washer], Jasi had become a barmaid at an inn for a few days, and then her fortunes had truly changed. She’d become an [Actress]. She’d discovered the stage. Or perhaps it had plucked her off the street. She’d turned into someone who walked in front of an audience and delivered lines that would strike the soul if done right. Not some cheap comedy bit or even storytelling.
Acting, real acting, had drawn crowds for months in Celum! It had bit Wesle, a [Guardsman], stolen Kilkran, Pralcem, Rima, and all the others from their jobs. It was an obsession, and a calling. Now, the Players of Celum were on the road, travelling north, earning money by performing at each place they came to. But with their growing ranks came questions. What was acting? Only now were the Players even able to articulate the question.
“What right do we have to change the Bard’s original text? I’ve seen the rewrites, and performed them dozens of times. It lacks the fire. Wesle, you’ve said so yourself! Kilkran, you too!”
The two male [Actors] grudgingly nodded. Pralcem turned.
“Let’s stick to the original text, as Miss Erin recalled it. It’s pure! We can perform it and the crowd will love it! They did in Celum!”
“This isn’t Celum, Pralcem. And Miss Erin might not have delivered us the truest reading of the text. She did write it from memory.”
“She had [Perfect Recall]!”
“But perhaps she listened to an adapted version herself.”
Yimur pointed out, but Pralcem dismissed the suggestion.
“If she did, it was done masterfully. No, just look at the script! It’s not something we can simply—adapt into casual language. In fact, it doesn’t work in casual language! Andel, you’ve said so. So why are we performing the other version?”
He glared around, getting a few nods, but nothing definitive. Jasi turned her head, waiting. She could weigh in, but the real answer came from a short, stout woman. Shorter than anyone else in the room, in fact. Emme, the half-Dwarven woman, was more [Director] than [Actor]. She loved the stage, but few parts called for someone of her height and she’d decided to manage the Players of Celum. And she spoke with authority as she slapped the modernized script in front of her.
“Pralcem, no one’s denying the original, the classic writing of this Shakespeare is brilliant. It has excellent verse, and this iambic thing that Erin taught us about and yes, it is a work by a master! I’d be the first to say so! But it needs to be fixed! You just proved it with your lines!”
She pointed at the paper in Pralcem’s hand accusingly.
“It might sound grand if said properly, but the audience can’t understand it either way! That’s why we rewrite the plays while capturing enough of the magic.”
Pralcem spluttered furiously.
“But the author wrote it one way! How can you say the revised version is better? It cuts lines! Nuance! It’s simplified, and thus, inferior!”
He turned, and Wesle nodded. The [Actor] almost began to stroke at his mustache, a habit from when he’d first met Erin, but he’d shaved off the thin mustache that had earned him the nickname ‘Fuzzylips’ by Erin. She could be cruel.
Still, Jasi would have loved to speak to Erin, to thank her again and again. But they’d had to leave to find more audiences. At least Jasi knew Erin was okay; they’d left some of their members in Celum, and Temile sent them regular updates. Now, Wesle spoke, and Jasi saw he too felt almost the same way as she had when they’d first tasted the joy of acting on the stage. Of being part of something so…grand.
