6.63 P
Page 27
“We’ll investigate it and try to get that money back, Mister Salkis. But frankly, with the amount of gold your two friends were carrying and how they looked—they were easy targets. And the [Thugs] are no doubt in hiding.”
Wesle ground his teeth together.
“Can’t anything be done?”
The [Guardsman] shrugged helplessly.
“The City Watch keeps crime under control. But there are always high-level experts. You know how it is.”
Wesle relented.
“I do indeed. Thank you, officer. And if you find the gold, we’d all be much relieved.”
He turned back to Jasi and shook his head. She walked with him as they returned to Kilkran and Andel. The [Healer] pronounced them both fine, even Kilkran, although she warned him to lie down. The two [Actors] let Pralcem and some others escort them to the inn. Jasi glared around.
“Some welcome to Invrisil! Kilkran’s an idiot, but still! A mugging in the open? Isn’t this Magnolia Reinhart’s land? I thought she was the most powerful [Lady] in Invrisil! She has estates in Celum!”
“She’s one of them. But speaking as a [Guardsman], I know how the Watch feels. We’re not exactly the highest-level, most of us. And our opponents can be very high-level. Stopping rogue adventurers is a nightmare. Come on, we’ll ask Desirel about it.”
Wesle shook his head. The [Bard] was sympathetic, but he explained to Jasi and Wesle what they already knew.
“It’s not safe in all parts of Invrisil. I don’t know what your friends were thinking. Well, they were on the main streets, but even so! You don’t flash lots of gold in some parts of the city. But it is safe. Generally.”
“What about Lady Reinhart? Doesn’t she handle crime like this?”
Desirel shook his head.
“Nominally. Invrisil does pay some of its taxes to her, but Lady Reinhart prefers to let the Watch do its job. She’s hands-off, which means we get bad crime now and then, but it’s quite safe in Invrisil comparatively! Trust me, I’ve been to other large cities in Izril like Gaunt, and gangs have so much power the Watch won’t clash with them for fear of getting wiped out.”
He shook his head as Wesle traded a glance with Jasi. Gangs weren’t big the further south you got. But organized crime was something they’d heard was worse in the north. This was a surprise.
“Here, it’s just incidents. The [Thief]’s probably part of a new gang that moved in. They’re kicking up a fuss; putting out [Thieves] and even robbing folk on the street! The Watch is trying to get them, but the gang’ll probably abandon anyone who gets caught and leave in a few days.”
 
—-
 
“Damn, damn, damn. What were you boneheads thinking? We’re doubling the watch on the vault! No—I’ll move it to the Merchant’s Guild and deposit some more with them tomorrow! For now, no one goes out with lots of money, or if they do, they get an escort!”
Emme cursed out both Kilkran, Andel, and the [Thugs] in general. Jasi nodded, watching the two battered men slump over in their seats. Kilkran put a hand to his head where he’d applied some ice.
“Demons take those [Thugs]! How am I supposed to perform tonight? My head still smarts, even with the potion! Anyone know who they were? Will they be found?”
“No clue. And the Watch wasn’t optimistic. You’re not performing tonight either, Kilkran. We can’t have you passing out on stage.”
“What?”
The man looked up, aghast. Jasi saw him try to stand up and half a dozen hands pull him back down and felt someone tug at her arm.
“Jasi! I know who got them.”
“What?”
