6.63 P
Page 28
Grev was looking up at her seriously. He motioned her over and Jasi dragged Wesle over as Emme laid down her directorial law. Grev turned to the two.
“Greenblade’s Boys. That’s the group that got Kilkran and Andel.”
“Grev! How do you know that?”
The boy looked scornfully at the two adults.
“How can’t I? Everyone’s buzzing about the attack, so I stepped out and asked some of the kids I met. I’m a [Street Rat], aren’t I? I’ve got my ear to the ground and a Skill that lets me find out that much. The other kids, they say the Greenblades’re new. Just like that [Bard] said. They’ll be gone soon, but they’re flash, not builders. Better tell Emme to leave them alone; they’d be bad news to cross.”
“Flash?”
Wesle looked confused. Jasi had heard Grev enough times. She just sighed as Grev turned and nodded knowingly.
“Sure. Flash is gangs or people on the bad side of the law who run in, get what they can, and run out. [Bandits] are all flash; they don’t stick around. Builders and other groups though, they’re different. Like rats.”
“What do they do?”
The young boy rolled his eyes, as if Wesle was the fool.
“Builders build. They give back to what they take so the take’s bigger and they protect clients. Like the Brothers. Rats’re just never noticed. They don’t like attention, so they strike rarely. Oh, and there’s viners too. That’s when a gang gets as big as the Watch and fights anyone who tries to uproot ‘em. Like the Sisters. Back in Celum, we had some of the viners and builders, but both the Brothers and Sisters got wiped out in that bad job with Miss Erin’s inn.”
Wesle blinked. The [Actor] turned to Jasi.
“You know, I actually understood some of that. I should try to study a [Thief]. That would be a useful person to imitate.”
“And get your head bashed in? We have one already. Grev, thanks for finding that out. Can the Watch use the information?”
“Not unless they’ve got good [Informants]. And they won’t help much anyways. These Greenblades don’t want to stay, which is why they’re hitting hard. They’ll get out soon, before they attract big trouble.”
“Well, I don’t want you getting into trouble, Grev. Stay with the Players.”
The [Street Rat] snorted, digging a pinkie in one ear.
“No fear, Jasi! I’m not getting anyone into trouble! If anything, you all need me. Kilkran and Andel were idiots for walking about with that much gold in their pockets and not watching where they went! I’ll show you where to go next time so as not to get jumped. Probably.”
When Jasi and Wesle relayed that to Emme, she just shook her head. But it was true that Grev had that element to him most of the Players lacked. They’d all been upstanding citizens, aside from Rima. And she’d only been arrested as a [Thief] once. They consulted with her and Grev as Emme, Wesle, and Jasi all discussed the issue.
“Do we need to hire [Bodyguards] or something?”
“We’re nearly forty strong as it is. If we have the coin, we can. They’d help keep order and prevent trouble in the audience.”
Emme sighed.
“If we can reliably pull a huge crowd in tonight, I’ll add them to my list of prospects. We’ve had adventurers and former [Mercenaries] in our audience! Fine, I’ll take care of it.”
“The important thing is just not getting into trouble. When Grev says this gang is gone, we’ll all be resting easier. Sounds like they’re just temporary. Just a bit of bad luck, everyone. That’s all.”
Rima agreed. Jasi relaxed a bit. She was prepared to discuss the night’s performance when Yimur burst into the inn. He stormed up to the Players.
“Raskghar take them! This is a disaster!”
“What now?”
