6.63 P
Page 32
“[Actors], huh? I’ve seen a pair of those plays. Good stuff! Bit hard to follow, but it’s entertaining! I can give you…free drinks and dinner for a space and a cut of the profits? Or let’s say I share everything I take tonight, thirty-seventy? After covering the cost of my ingredients! That’s a generous deal.”
She stared at him. That was the worst deal she’d ever taken. But Emme, after hesitating for a moment, accepted.
“The ingredients come out of your share. But—forty-sixty!”
“Thirty-seventy and I’ll take the cost of the ingredients. It’s a lot of effort!”
“You’ll make it back. Forty-sixty or I’ll find someone else!”
The owner happily accepted. Emme cursed the lost gold, but she had food, a place to perform—she ran, panting, and nearly collided with a furious [Actor].
Not one of the Players. The man was shouting at Kilkran with a group of his friends. He was pointing at their warehouse and the line already gathering.
“How dare you! We’re the originals! This is slander! You copycats come into our city, spreading lies?”
“Where’d you learn your plays from, huh? We got them from the source!”
Kilkran was bellowing, being restrained by Yimur and Pralcem. The [Actor] sneered.
“Our [Writers] came up with them of course—”
“Lies!”
Yimur and Pralcem howled. They might have gone for the larger group of [Actors], but Emme shoved her way forwards.
“Enough! There will be no fighting! You—you thieves! If you want to claim we’re stealing your work, recite us some of ‘your’ plays be heart! Go on! I know you do Hamlet—give us a soliloquy!”
“A what?”
Heads were turning. Emme smiled coldly.
“A speech! Come on! Act 3, Scene 1! Hamlet’s speech! I’ll give you the prompt! Claudius and Polonius hide, and Hamlet enters the stage! And—go!”
She clapped her hands and looked at the [Actor]. The man spluttered.
“You can’t just demand—that’s our play—if you want to see it performed, visit our theatre! I perform Othello! I’ll do his lines—”
He struck his chest importantly. Emme sneered at him. She bellowed over him.
“Real [Actors] know their lines by heart! And we perform every play! Kilkran! Hamlet’s speech!”
Instantly, the former [Smith] strutted out onto the street. In front of the crowd, he turned. And his golden voice was somber. Haunted.
“To be, or not to be? That is the question—whether ‘tis nobler in the mind to suffer the stingers and arrows of outrageous fortune. Or—”
Emme cut him off.
“Yimur!”
The Gnoll turned and immediately took up Kilkran’s lines. He took a different view of Hamlet, making the speech angrier. But his intonation was no less than Kilkran’s. Halfway, Emme pointed and Pralcem took up the end, a Hamlet beaten by fate.
The three [Actors]’s performances made the crowd stare, then cheer. The Men of Invrisil looked uneasy and backed away as people turned to them, demanding they do the same. They couldn’t, and beat a fast retreat. Emme waved her hands, standing on her toes for attention.
“Spread the word! The real [Actors] are in Invrisil!”
“Real? Well, I must see this.”
A man with green hair remarked to a passing fellow in a suit. The [Butler], who was busy eating a sandwich, paused and looked up. They both drifted into line. And Emme grinned.
“You were born to be a Gnoll, Emme. That smile’s worthy of one.”
Yimur gave her an admiring look. Emme bared her teeth wider.
“Let’s just make sure this play proves my point.”
“No fear of that. I might be out of it—my head’s spinning—but it will be fine.”
