6.63 P
Page 17
You couldn’t imitate it. The hand fell to the ground with a wet thump, the sword falling with it. Banquo bit off a scream and scrambled for the blade. Yimur, faltering, advanced. Banquo reached for the blade, falling, as blood, real blood, poured from the stump of his hand.
The [Lord] collapsed, trying to fend off the other three [Assassins] as his son fled. He backed away, bleeding, as a sword wound cut him across the leg. Blood sprayed across the stage. He fell, retreating, behind a curtain, and one of the [Assassins] leapt forwards, thrust his blade home. The audience didn’t see the end.
Now there was silence. The audience stared at the hand as the curtains swept back so the stagehands could clean the blood and hand. But they were shaken. Some were white-faced. And then—Emme heard a voice.
“That was a real cut! That was actual blood! The man’s lost his hand!”
Someone—two figures in the audience stood up abruptly. Emme recognized them from their gear. Adventurers. They were pointing at the stage. One of them, a woman, shouted in alarm. The audience turned, staring. The adventurers might have forced their way towards the stage, but at that moment, Grev came out. He raised his hands and shouted.
“This is a play, ladies and gentlemen. All events are fictional!”
The adventurers paused uncertainly. The hand had been real! But then the [Actor] playing Banquo showed his face briefly. He waved two hands and the audience gasped.
“But I saw and heard—that’s the best illusion I ever—”
Emme grinned, hearing the astonished woman’s voice. The two adventurers sat down slowly. Grev gave a bow.
“All fictional, good people of Sovvex! And now we’ll have a short intermission! We’ll take a fifteen minute break, ladies and gentlemen, and then the play will resume! Feel free to walk about and talk—but not for too long! Be in your seats when the play resumes!”
Grev waved his hands at Emme urgently as the audience got up. The sudden swordfight and blood had driven home the scene, which was excellent! Grev waving wasn’t. Something was wrong. She stood up and hurried around backstage.
She wasn’t worried about the actor playing Banquo. He was fine and he hadn’t lost a limb. Oh, the hand had been real! It had been flesh and blood and it would even smell—but it would vanish after less than five minutes. Yimur had sliced it off with a Skill.
[Fake Dismemberment]. Also, a lot of the blood had been fake. In time, Emme had every hope that they’d be able to run through one of the [Actors] on stage with some kind of Skill.
But not all the blood was fake. The swordfight had been real. As it was, the [Actors] had taken real wounds, some of them serious. The [Director] sped behind stage; the [Healer] they’d hired was tending to one of the cursing [Actors].
It was Yimur. He’d taken a cut from Banquo in the fight. And it was he who was ironically hurt. He clutched at one leg, cursing.
“You alright, Yimur? What’s wrong? Can’t he heal the wound?”
“Damn blade went in too far. Even dulled, they’re too sharp! I think it cut some muscle. I’m out for a bit.”
Yimur was panting. The Gnoll stared up at the [Healer] as she inspected the cut. She shook her head at Emme.
“I told your [Actors] to halt. Dead gods, those were real swords!”
“It’s meant to be real. Why can’t Yimur just use a potion?”
Emme had a feeling she knew. The [Healer] shook her head.
