6.63 P
Page 6
Chellise looked disgusted as she half-rose. Emme sighed.
“They earned their place for talent, but I think we might have to be more discerning about attitude.”
“We already accept only the best.”
Jasi pointed out reasonably. Pralcem sniffed.
“And we get more applications than we can deal with already! Attitude is absolutely a qualification! Those two should be out if they start another fight—”
“And how is that fair? They’re talented. And we were all lucky, Pralcem. Moreover, attitude’s not a problem with us? What about when you screamed at Seepurk yesterday?”
The other [Actor] colored, but Emme got up with a sigh.
“Let’s debate this after the performance, please? And we can’t have injuries now! I’ll settle this.”
“No, let me.”
Wesle stood up with one fluid motion. Jasi eyed him; she was halfway out of her seat. The [Actor] nodded to her and she stood—but let him go to the door first. Jasi cracked the door open so the people inside could see Wesle stride out into the inn. The remaining thirty-odd Players looked up as Wesle halted in the doorway. The [Innkeeper] and a [Bouncer] were trying to restrain a Human man and woman from attacking each other, but everyone stopped as Wesle appeared.
He had a presence. More than just his appearance, it was in how Wesle carried himself. How he stood—even how he breathed. And of course, acted. He stopped in the doorway and demanded silence and attention. And because it was a demand, it came. The Players of Celum turned and Wesle snapped.
“Medel! Kassa! Stand down at once! Are you [Actors], or children? The Players have no room for children! Dead gods, we have a play tonight! If you can’t remember that, how can we expect you to remember your lines? Back to your places!”
The words had a reverb in addition to the natural acoustics of the inn. Wesle was, in that moment, the image of a leader. Which he was, but he was also playing the part. It was an odd juxtaposition, but Jasi understood it. Shamefaced, the [Actors] instantly stepped back, apologizing as Wesle went to address the [Innkeeper]. The man was clearly impressed, and even bowed slightly as Wesle tendered apologies on behalf of the Players of Celum.
“Not bad. Was he channeling Othello there?”
“Maybe just a bit of [Watch Captain]. Good! That shut up those two hotheads.”
Indeed, in moments Wesle had returned, and the background noise of the Players of Celum returned as the quieted Medel and Kassa went through their lines. Wesle smiled at Jasi as he came back to his seat with a platter of snacks and she winked back. He slid them onto the table with trained grace.
“[Method Acting], Wesle? Perfecting your [Server]?”
Kilkran’s voice was droll and envious. Wesle looked up and shrugged.
“Just a bit. Practice makes perfect.”
“Dead gods, but I want to hit Level 20. It’s taking far too long!”
Rima grumbled as she forked a piece of hard cheese. Jasi smiled and rolled her eyes.
“Rima, it’s been months since we became [Actors]! You want to hit Level 20 within a year?”
“Why not? You and Wesle did! Five Families, Jasi! I feel like we’re all leveling faster than—than any class in the world! I leveled more recently than I have in the last ten years!”
Rima threw up her hands. The other [Actors] were nodding. Jasi smiled, knowing what she meant.
“Well, it does slow down after Level 20.”
“Says the Level 24 [Actress].“
Wesle observed, amused. Jasi raised one eyebrow.
“Says the Level 26 [Method Actor]. I haven’t gained a class change yet! Nor can I use a Skill that lets me copy someone’s talent!”
