6.63 P
Page 9
“This is Izril. And this is a story, not reality. Andel can adjust it if the crowd turns, but I like it. Thoughts?”
“The parts seem written for us.”
Wesle remarked as he thumbed through the pages. Andel nodded proudly.
“Each to a major role. Why not? I’ve tailored it for an eight-lead cast, with supporting roles if we want to give the second team a chance. It casts four major leads, Lady Elisial being the obvious center, but it lets each lead have a large part. Wesle, Kilkran, you can see I’ve added a stirring fight in the third act—”
“I don’t like it.”
“What?”
Jasi’s voice cut off Andel’s excited speech. The room turned to Jasi as a whole. Andel looked horrified and outraged, and the other Players were confused—save for Chellise. She was nodding.
“What’s wrong, Jasi? This is excellent! The best Andel’s written thus far!”
The confused expression on Wesle’s face made Jasi smile ruefully. She pointed at the script, turning to Andel.
“Why does Elisial have to be the one in an affair? You’re retreading Othello, Andel. And Frozen. And Pygmalion too, I suppose.”
He bristled.
“So? They’re the classics Miss Solstice taught us! High art!”
Jasi shook her head. She addressed Emme, Rima, and Chellise, the three other females in the room.
“Why is it that females of any species must always be the ones falling in love, or be the manipulator behind the shadows? I’ve pushed my husband to treason before committing suicide, played the cheating vixen—unjustly been accused of having done the same—fallen in love, died for love, and sought it and found it and lost it, all over the plays you’ve written and we’ve put on! When is it my turn to be the center of my own play and not have everything revolve around me falling in love or being betrayed?”
Andel spluttered in outrage. He grabbed for the script in Wesle’s hand, but Kilkran cut him off, his tone smooth and conciliatory. He could sing and bring an argument down just by his oratory Skills and skill.
“That’s unfair, Jasi. This was tailor-made for you to lead! So what if the focus is love? Love, romance—it’s a part of these timeless stories. Besides, if it’s a non-romantic leading lady you want—we have Frozen.”
Jasi ignored his soothing tone and frowned, her tail curling slightly.
“Erin herself told us that’s different. And it’s hardly the same! The sister falls in love like a fool, and the main protagonist is too sucked into her class to be anything but an [Ice Queen]. That’s a story of young women, which I’ll grant you I am, but not of adults. I don’t want love to be out of the play. I just want—look, Hamlet is a story of vengeance. Name one play we have like that with a female lead?”
“Exactly. I wanted to bring this up last time, but I couldn’t. I’d like to see that too.”
Chellise put in softly. Pralcem was frowning; Yimur raised his brows, but began nodding after a moment. Kilkran looked astonished. Rima tapped the script thoughtfully.
“It’s still possible, Jasi. Andel’s play could be adjusted for that. Why not switch Elisial with her husband? Have him be the lead, but her be the [War Lady] riding off to battle? It might—”
“Enough!”
The half-strangled shriek came from the [Writer]. Andel’s face was purpling and he looked as though he might pass out. But rage kept him upright. Shaking, he leveled a finger at Jasi.
“How dare you? How dare? I’ve poured my very essence into this play and you say it’s not enough? It’s a female-led play that—she’s a sympathetic villain! I took all of your notes and made a play and you’re still complaining, you scale-covered, greedy—”
