6.63 P
Page 29
Emme shouted as she stood up. Yimur wasn’t hurt, and neither was Medel. But both were shaking with fury. Yimur pointed, his furry finger quivering with outrage.
“Emme! Everyone! I was looking for a place to perform, seeing other entertainers. But Medel found—there’s another group in Invrisil! Acting! Performing our plays!”
“What?”
The room turned into a chaos of shouting. Emme slammed on the table for silence.
“Yimur, say it from the beginning! Explain everything!”
The news, when Yimur got it out, was simple. Jasi sat back in her chair, head spinning.
“There’s another group of [Actors]? Here? Already?”
“They’ve been here nearly twenty days! And they’re doing our shows! They’re calling themselves—get this—the Men of Invrisil. That—that’s not even intelligent! Men? What about Gnolls? Females of any species?”
Medel’s face was red as he gulped down water and slammed the mug down. An angry and uneasy murmur swept through the Players. Chellise looked around, confused and upset.
“How is this possible? Did Miss Erin tell someone else how to do the plays? Is the door to Liscor here already?”
“No, no. It’s quite obvious, Chellise. Someone must have seen one of our plays and copied it. It’s not hard. Miss Erin had the same problem with her food, remember?”
Jasi’s head hurt. She hadn’t expected it, but she should have expected it. The other Players looked astonished.
“But they can’t do that! We do the plays!”
“What’s stopping them? What’s wrong is that they’re stealing our plays.”
Yimur growled. His fur was standing up. Jasi looked at him.
“You’re sure? They’re not just doing the plays Erin showed?”
“They have our dialogue! Our alterations! I watched them do Othello—poorly! But they’re not calling him ‘the Moor’. He’s supposed to be a Stitch-Man, just like Andel rewrote it!”
“Those bastards! How did they do it? No—did they steal my scripts?”
Andel shouted. He looked around, and his eyes narrowed.
“Or is there a spy in our ranks?”
Emme slapped Andel on the back of the head so hard his nose started bleeding. She had to stand on a chair to do it. She looked around, glaring.
“No one’s accusing anyone of theft! Think, Andel! They don’t need spies. One of the [Actors] we let go could have taken our scripts! Or maybe we dropped some, we have so many! Or they could have just copied the play after watching! It could have been anytime we were on the road. Even when we were starting out in Celum!”
The Players fell silent. Jasi felt angry, hurt. Betrayed. On one hand, she knew that being an [Actor] wasn’t reserved for the Players alone. But—but she’d started it! She’d made the plays better, worked on them! How could someone just steal what her group had worked so hard on?
Wesle raised his head at last. He had been silent, but now he looked directly at Yimur.
“How good are they, Yimur?”
The Gnoll hesitated. It was Medel who replied, angrily.
“As shit as the new ones on their first week! But they’ve got most of the lines down; someone’s definitely been taking notes. Worse, they’ve got extra stuff.”
“Extras? Like what?”
“Music, for one. There’s a [Harpist], some [Drummers] for the battle scenes, and they’ve got a [Fencer] who can do fancy fights. But it’s overdrawn—they do the fight scenes as if that’s the most important part, and the music takes away from the reading.”
“Unacceptable. I’m going over there. They can’t get away with this! How many are there? Let’s all go and—”
Pralcem was heading for the door. Emme dragged him back by his waistband. She snapped at the other angry [Actors].
