6.63 P
Page 35
“I thought I had! But the Men of Invrisil don’t have your…presence! Dead gods, when I heard the speech that fellow, Wesle, gave? I could have been listening to a [Lord] rallying me to war! And I would have gone!”
The man emphasized his words, slapping the table, making his stomach wobble in reply. Kilkran nodded.
“Oh, Wesle’s one of our finest. As is Miss Jasi, there.”
“I can see that.”
The [Merchant] turned. Jasi was at the heart of a throng of admirers, male and female. It was the star effect in Celum, multiplied ten times. Wesle and Pralcem were similarly besieged, having played leading roles. It was something they’d grown used to, but not this much. Jasi felt overwhelmed, invigorated, still on an acting high. She could see Emme speaking with another [Merchant], looking excited. Jasi didn’t spot Grev, but she was sure he was about, crowing with pride.
Of course, that was when the door burst open and the thirty or so men with swords and a sash of green tied around the hilts strode into the inn. Everyone froze, and Yimur appeared at the stairwell. He bellowed, not seeing the [Thugs], but pursuing a short girl holding a huge chest. The locked chest with their gold
“[Thief]! Get her!”
He leapt down the steps, chasing the girl—and froze as the Greenblades, the gang of men, formed ranks. The [Actors] and guests in the inn stared as a man with a long, curved hatchet of all things, stepped forwards. He had scars on his arms, but he was fairly well-dressed. And he had an educated tone that belied the way he swung the hatchet.
“It’s a robbery, ladies and gentlemen. Don’t worry, we won’t trouble you long. But if anyone calls the Watch, blood will be shed. My people don’t want to linger in Invrisil overlong. You—girl. Drop that.”
The female [Thief] had stopped. She stared at the Greenblades—in horror. She dropped the casket and it hit the ground with a thump. The girl fled, leaping towards the back of the inn as the [Thug Boss] advanced. He eyed the chest, but stopped as Yimur reached for it. The Gnoll [Actor] froze as the man with the hatchet raised it.
“Ah. I meant what I said. That must be something valuable, right? Well, we’ll have that. And everything else. People, your coin pouches! And bags of holding! Don’t hold out or we’ll have to take your hand with the money!”
The guests and [Actors] looked at each other. Jasi was frozen, in a knot of people. She could see some people in the inn hesitating. But most were petrified with fear. She looked towards Emme as the [Thug Boss] pointed.
“Your gold. Now.”
Emme met Jasi’s eyes as Wesle looked around. All of the Players shared a thought. That was all their money! If they lost that, they’d be destitute. There was some in the Merchant’s Guild, but—
But the [Thugs] had weapons. Jasi bit her lip. Then Wesle pushed himself back from his table. He stood, and bellowed.
“Players of Celum, to arms! Just like Macduff!”
For a second, the forty-odd [Actors] stared. So did the [Thugs]. But then they realized what he wanted. With a roar, they surged to their feet. Anyone with a weapon—and a good dozen had prop blades or actual weapons—drew them. They held themselves as if they were going into a fight scene.
The Greenblades backed up a step, caught-off-guard by the sudden display of arms. The [Thug Boss] had tensed. He seemed about to retreat, moving swiftly backwards towards the door—but then his eyes narrowed. He stared at Wesle, then at the other [Actors].
“It’s just an act. My intuition Skill isn’t rating any of them as good.”
