6.63 P
Page 18
“The muscle’s cut. The healing potion will mend most of it, but I need to make sure it bridges the muscle or your friend won’t heal it right. Hold still, I’m finding the severed parts—Miss Emme? You’ll need to pour the potion. I’ll have my hands full.”
She was reaching into the cut, feeling for the two severed parts of—someone thrust a gag of cloth into Yimur’s mouth and the Gnoll bit. Emme grabbed the potion they had prepared and opened it. She nodded and the [Healer] reached for two bloody parts.
“Now!”
She pulled them together and the Gnoll snarled into the gag. Emme poured, her hands barely shaking. The healing potion fell as the [Healer] connected the severed cord amid the blood. And the potion began to heal the cut, closing flesh—the woman yanked her hands out of the cut as Yimur whimpered.
“There. Done.”
“Dead gods. Are you alright, Yimur?”
“Fine. But we’re talking about our fight scenes!”
The Gnoll was panting. Emme nodded, patting him on the shoulder. The [Healer] warned her.
“He’ll still be hurting. He needs to stay off the leg!”
Indeed, the pain had taken a toll on the Gnoll. Emme bit her lip.
“The next play we don’t need to do the real blood. We’ll just stick to the hand-chop. Hang in there, Yimur. We need you to play the rest of your parts! [The Play Must Go On].”
The Gnoll blinked. The haze of pain faded from his eyes, and he seemed to perk up. He stood up instantly. The [Healer] gasped.
“The wound!”
“He’ll be fine until the play ends. Yimur, stay off the leg. You can still hurt yourself worse. I’ll tell the cast to move stage left to let you walk on and off with minimal effort—”
Emme gave rapid instructions as the audience milled about. She hurried back to her observation spot as the intermission ended.
Act 3, Scene 4.
Yimur came back on stage as Macbeth, Wesle, performed his role. He was colder now. He greeted Yimur, the First Murderer, asking about the grisly deed.
The original script didn’t call for it, but Emme had rapidly altered the script to let Yimur rest. So Wesle grabbed the [Assassin], Yimur, after learning that Banquo’s son had escaped.
And strangled him on the stage. The Gnoll choked, gasping, and Wesle bent over him, throttling him. It was real. Too real. In the audience, some of the people had to look away. Others half-rose, but remembered the fight scene had been fake. Even so. As Wesle rose and turned, there was a distant, cold look in his eyes. He dragged Yimur off-stage and returned.
Silence. The play went on, Macbeth turning and wearing a face of a polite, even merry [King]. He acted at acting so well. And now people were staring at Macbeth and seeing a monster. Until the ghost of Banquo appeared and Macbeth was confronted by his demons and guilt. They watched him, torn between loving and hating and…
It was real. Real, until you listened to the slightly odd, archaic language. Real until you pinched yourself and remembered these people were on stage. There was a painted backdrop, curtains hanging from wooden poles. You could look around and see the audience, mesmerized, taste the lukewarm mead you’d forgotten to drink.
But if you looked at Wesle, on stage, you saw a monster. And a man. A man turning into a monster.
Onwards. Emme had no more disasters to attend to. The [Witches], who had been laughed at in the first act, returned, performing dark rituals and revealing Macbeth’s true fate. No one laughed at them now. There was a horror to them that the humor of the first act actually heightened.
