6.63 P
Page 33
Kilkran leaned against Pralcem. Emme let the big man lean on her as she ordered both Yimur and Pralcem back to practice. She helped Kilkran into the warehouse.
“What makes you say that, Kilkran? Easy—let’s let you lie down. I’ll have someone help you to the inn—”
“And miss the show? Never. I just need to sit—”
The man sank down with a groan. He looked up at Emme.
“It will be fine, Emme. Believe me. After all. Jasi’s leading. Just let her take them, and she’ll never let them go.”
Emme paused. And then she nodded. She took a deep breath, looking around the theatre.
“Let’s just hope so.”
 
—-
 
That night, the Players of Celum put on Elisial. And Jasi played Lady Elisial herself. The role was meant for her. An adopted child, a Drake who’d become a [Noblewoman] in Terandria who was caught between loyalty to her kingdom and her people fighting the Goblin King a continent away? Pralcem played her husband, Wesle, her lover. The stage was set for her.
And it all depended on Jasi. The [Actress] didn’t see Emme charging around backstage, the other members of the cast hurrying to set up, worrying over their lines, panicking, performing miracles. She just put on her makeup, adorning her scales with her magical supplies. She got into the dress, checked herself, and read her lines.
She didn’t have them all perfect. But she had [Eidetic Memory], a Skill that let her visualize the script and words moments after reading them. But there was a difference between that and knowing the lines.
Her world was one of sharp focus, and almost dreamlike distance at the same time. Jasi was concentrating so hard on each line, rehearsing with the rest of the cast, perfecting how Elisial felt, how she’d act, going over steps in her head, she barely noticed when it was time for the play. She had no room for fear. She fed it into concentration.
Even so, when she peeked out the curtain and saw the hund—no, thousands of people looking down at her, up at her, from the makeshift stands, her heart skipped a beat. This was perhaps the largest crowd she’d performed in front of. As Grev stumbled out onto the stage to give the address, the Players looked at Jasi.
Her head went white. For a moment, the fear of failure overwhelmed her. As Grev spoke, and the first [Actor] walked out on stage, Jasi felt the pressure beating down on her. If she failed—
But then it was her line. And fear left her. Jasi strode out onto the stage. She turned her head, as the magical [Light] spells conjured flashed across her scales. She gleamed in the limelight, poised, her eyes flickering across the audience, pausing on a face. They were a blur. And sharp. She turned her head and delivered the first line.
“If you fear my scales, sir, you’d do best to look beyond them. For my heart lies in Terandria, my home. I have never trodden nor dream of Izril’s shores.”
And from behind the stage, Emme sighed in relief. Because if Wesle had been the [General] and then a [King] from head to sole, here now stood a [Lady]. Someone sighed as Jasi swept across the stage to confront the [Lord] who’d maligned her. She was beautiful, dignified—and she shone with that same intangible, invisible light that Wesle had. It drew the audience to silence.
The play began in earnest. It wasn’t perfect. Andel had work to do, and Emme winced at every fumbled line, every slight pause. But it was true what she’d claimed. The Players of Celum, even performing a new script, even rushed, were far better than the Men of Invrisil. The audience, some new to plays, others experienced with the version they’d been shown, were spellbound.
