6.63 P
Page 36
Jasi’s heart sank. The Greenblades were hesitant, but their leader wasn’t. He regained his composure and pointed his hatchet. At Wesle.
“Except for you. Drop the blade, fellow. Let’s do this civilly or I’ll have to paint the tables with your guts.”
Wesle hesitated. He was holding his sword, angling the tip towards the [Thug Boss]. He was channeling the [Bladesman]. His voice, when he spoke, was flat and precise.
“Kill me, and the Watch will hunt you until your grave. Unless it’s here. How certain are you, sir?”
“Wesle—”
Jasi looked around. She had only her belt knife and the other [Actors] were tense! What could she do? Charm them? Bluff? The [Thug Boss] only had eyes for Wesle. He didn’t reply. But he was raising his hatchet. And Jasi knew, from his posture, the way he moved, that he was going to attack—
“Alright, alright, enough, thank you! I was going to make another entrance, but I suppose I can’t if there’s no one to apply to.”
A bright, cheerful voice rang out in the inn. The [Thugs], the [Actors], everyone turned. And a man appeared in a flash of light from the side. He was holding a wand and aiming it at the [Thug Boss].
His hair was bright green, and his robes were blue, but decorated with magical symbols and illustrations of monsters woven into the fabric. He looked like the very image of a [Mage]—if Jasi were trying to play one on stage. He wore a charming, confident smile.
“Gentlemen, these are the Players of Celum! And you’d be doing a crime against art if you were to rob or kill them! I object! Back away, please, and you’ll have space to run.”
The man with the hatchet hesitated. He stared at the [Mage], flicking his hatchet up and down. Preparing to throw? He licked his lips.
“Don’t—”
The [Mage] moved faster than anyone could see. His wand flicked up and shot a stream of magical darts across the room. The green projectiles left tracers of light, but they’d struck before Jasi or the [Thugs] or anyone else had registered the spell.
Anyone but the [Thug Boss], that was. He cried out, staggering back, clutching at his chest. He’d blocked two of the darts with the hatchet; the rest had cut deep into his chest.
“Boss!”
One of the Greenblades called out. Their leader tried to croak something, but he dropped, bleeding. His gang stared at him. Then one of them grabbed a potion, smashed it on his chest and they fled.
The [Mage] grinned as the [Thugs] fell back. They rushed out the door, not willing to try him. He kept his wand raised, then flicked it and made it vanish.
“Dead gods! Dead gods!”
Emme was breathing hard. She rushed over to the chest with their money and grabbed it. The room burst into a babble of relief, and Jasi turned. The man with the green hair was bowing, accepting thanks, but as soon as he saw her looking his way he stepped towards her.
“Apologies for the quick spellcasting. But I’ve learned my lesson about making speeches. I do hope I haven’t ruined your moment, sir?”
He bowed slightly to Wesle as the [Actor] came over. Wesle laughed shakily in relief.
“I believe you saved my life, Mister Magus.”
“Please! After seeing such art on stage, I could do no less. It’s an honor to meet you. Mister Wesle, isn’t it? And you. Miss Jasi.”
He bowed as Jasi held out a hand. She stared at him, then caught herself.
“You have the advantage of me, sir. Who am I thanking?”
The man’s eyes sparkled with genuine delight. He swept a grand bow.
“Eltistiman Verdue, at your service. [Magician], lover of the dramatic—and hopeful [Actor], for your consideration.”
