6.63 P
Page 21
Even so, the [Guards] at the gates hadn’t heard of the Players of Celum. They asked questions, using truth stones to get answers from Emme and Wesle. When they heard the group was a band of performers, one of the [Guards] laughed.
“Actors? Hah, what’s that? Similar to [Tumblers]? [Bards]? Well, whatever it is, good luck. This is Invrisil. Every inn and tavern has something special! We’ve got [Musicians] performing—you’ll find a spot, but you won’t be alone. Lady Reinhart encourages the arts and they come! Invrisil’s second only to First Landing for that.”
He waved them through proudly. Pralcem looked indignant, but Wesle only gave the [Guard] a relaxed smile. Confident enough to be humble. Some of the [Actors] liked to put on airs or perform like their characters, but Wesle, and to an extent Jasi, and some of the other veterans, had began to simply embody different personalities.
“We’ve had competition, sir. But we’ve done fairly well for ourselves, even near Invrisil. Can you point us to a decent inn by any chance? We’re hoping to perform tonight.”
His air made the [Guardsman] size Wesle and the Players up a second time. He pointed them towards a nearby inn, and Jasi thought she’d see him in a seat that night.
“Did you hear that? [Bards] and performers? We might not attract the same attention with so many competing entertainments!”
Kilkran waved a lazy hand.
“Relax, Rima. We’ll blow them away. We’ve done it so far! Even with that [Court Bard], remember? Have a little faith.”
The Players nodded. They weren’t overconfident—well, some of them were—most—but it was well-deserved. They’d had full houses or full squares or pastures each time they’d performed. Jasi wasn’t as sure as Kilkran, but her nerves weren’t overbearing.
“Let’s find that inn. Then we’ll begin preparing for tonight! I want some of you to see what we can get around the city.”
Emme began barking orders at the Players of Celum. She was directing everyone—except for Jasi, Grev, Wesle, and the original circle. Kilkran agreed to go exploring with Andel, but Jasi slipped off the wagon as it rolled through the streets. She didn’t want to wait while the wagons navigated the city; it wasn’t exactly at traffic jam owing to the organized way the wagons were given their own space to navigate, but she wanted to explore.
“Emme, I’m taking off with Rima! We want to check out the city and do some shopping, maybe!”
The half-Dwarf [Director] looked exasperated, but she nodded.
“Fine! But find us in…an hour! Don’t you all wander off! Meet us at the Landlocked Cove—the inn. If we’re not there, I’ll leave someone to tell you where to go!”
“Got it!”
 
—-
 
There were perks to being the first [Actors], the leadership of the Players. Rima and Jasi strolled along, taking in the multitude of shops, the vast city. Wesle had already left, towed away by Pralcem, and Grev had disappeared as soon as they’d come through the gates. Jasi couldn’t help but worry, but Rima was too excited.
“Don’t worry about Grev, Jasi. He can take care of himself.”
“He shouldn’t go alone. He needs friends, Rima! Sometimes I wish we had more children with us.”
“Well, we’re definitely stopping in Invrisil for a while. He can find himself some. And maybe Emme will convince a family to join us. But it’s Invrisil, Jasi! Stop worrying about your younger brother! Look at these buildings! They’re so tall! I never imagined they could be this high!”
