6.63 P
Page 20
The Players discussed in between doing repeat performances and the rest of their lineup throughout the day. It was practically a holiday in Sovvex. Not just that; Emme was also accepting tryouts for people to join the Players. As night fell and the exhausted [Actors] begged off performing for sleep and dinner, Emme entertained the crowd with free auditions, putting would-be [Actors] in their roles and letting them try out to join the Players.
Many people wanted to, but few could up and walk away at a moment’s notice. Those that could—failed. The Players had a limited amount of new [Actors] they were willing to take on, so they were accepting only the best in raw talent. Or, conversely, people with classes that complimented the support crew.
That was the case this time. Emme found an older man, in his forties, who expressed an interest in joining their troupe. He was a [Carpenter], and a better fit than the last [Woodworker] that Emme had been forced to fire. For a chance to watch and maybe act in the plays, the man was willing to abandon a fairly lucrative business and join the Players.
And so he did, and quickly too. Because after a full day of plays where the [Actors] ran through most of their best hits—the ‘Solstice’ classics that she’d taught to them, not the ones their [Writers] had come up with—they departed.
On the third day, the [Mayor] of Sovvex herself tried to get them to stay, offering a fairly lucrative incentive. Emme weighed it, but decided in the end it was better to keep moving. The Players might well stay in each town, milking their success, but Emme knew that the Players thrived on new audiences, new places, success.
And she smelled far greener pastures ahead. Her dream was to have the Players perform for nobility. Because that was where they’d get more money, enough to maybe let them build…
But that was all for Sovvex. The Players of Celum left, in wagons, waving at the people begging them to stay another day, relaxing, some arguing about the new play Andel had written, others just resting their voices and bodies after so much hard work. They took to the road, heading north. Sovvex fell behind them.
That was a town. The next day, the Players of Celum performed in a village. Among their audience were repeats who’d actually followed them down the road. Was it noteworthy, an event for the ages? No. Neither Sovvex nor the village was. Save for Yimur’s injury and Andel finishing his script, it had been unremarkable to the [Actors].
This is what they did every week. It was routine, but exciting, addictive. Emme counted the coins they brought in. Even Erin Solstice’ inn couldn’t match the Players of Celum—even on one of her magical days! Okay, maybe then, but only then. But it was a routine they’d kept up for months now, on the road. Earning money, leveling. Growing. They were used to it, and still enamored by this new life.
After three days, the Players arrived in Invrisil.
 
 
—-
 
“We’re here! Dead gods, I never thought I’d come this far north!”
Rima hung off the wagon, staring as the Players lined up at one of the gates to Invrisil, the City of Adventurers. They were in a short queue at the gates, but the city lay in front of them. And it was vast. Sprawling!
Famous. Even Kilkran’s enormous ego looked intimidated by the city, which dwarfed Celum, Liscor, or any other city that they’d come to before this. Invrisil was one of the true cities of Izril, a trading hub. And it was where Emme was convinced they’d find an even larger stage to perform upon.
