6.63 P
Page 7
“Talent, not Skills. I’m only as graceful as a [Server]. I can’t predict which table needs a refill, let alone dodge fifteen thrown mugs or knives without missing a beat.”
“They can do that?”
“High-level [Servers] can, apparently. I’ve been shadowing a few. But I’m only as good as someone a number of levels below me. Ten levels if I’m familiar with the activity, but fifteen or twenty if it’s something like magic.”
“So you can be a Level 6 [Mage]?”
The former [Guardsman] smiled. He sat back archly and sniffed, reminding Jasi of a certain [Necromancer] that had worked with their company. Languorously, Wesle put his feet up on the table, seemed to feel that was overreaching, and sat up. He spread his hands on the tabletop and tilted his head up ever-so-slightly, adopting a precise, somewhat condescending tone.
“Don’t be so dismissive, Miss Jasi. Observe.”
He flicked his fingers, and eight or so sparks shot across the table. Kilkran, reaching for a bit of cheese, yanked his hand back.
“That stings!”
“You can cast magic, Wesle?”
He relaxed, abandoning his imitation and shrugging.
“Only if I work at it. I don’t get new spells, Rima. But it is amazing what insights I get! Yes—insights. There’s part of it I can’t copy unless I’m in-character. Like that [Bladesman] we met? He was high-level enough that I couldn’t form a good impression of him. But I can copy a bit. I think I’m limited based on the ability of the person I copy and my own expertise. Even so—I can do our sword-battles far better than before. I’d even be a better [Guardsman]. See?”
His face grew serious, and Wesle stood with a brisk motion. He drew the sword at his side, a memento from his days in Celum’s City Watch with one smooth motion. Yimur leaned back, waving one paw.
“Keep it sheathed, Wesle.”
“I have control of it. I know swordsmanship. But I’ve learned far more. And I can copy a Level 16 [Bladesman]. I feel—dangerous.”
Wesle’s voice was flat, precise. He traced an arc through the air, doing a quick cut and stopping it in midair. Emme ignored Kilkran swearing at Wesle; she was below the arc of his blade.
The laughter, conversation, and noise in the room came to an abrupt end as one member of the Players who hadn’t spoken until now looked up at last. Andel, the [Writer] who’d been hunched over his work looked up and made a sound. Instantly, Wesle lost his posture and nearly nicked himself sheathing his sword. Jasi sat up and looked at Andel. The [Writer] solemnly blew on the paper he’d been writing on and looked up.
“I’ve done it. It’s finished. My opus—my finest work so far!”
“What? It’s done?”
The [Actors] in the room turned to Andel, and the air grew suddenly excited. The [Writer] sat back, gulping from his mug of ale. He collected the pages, delicately filing them flat against the table, then handed them to Wesle. With great dignity, he sat back and exhaled.
“Yes. Complete. It needs some edits, of course, but it’s good enough to perform. Tomorrow, or tonight if we can get enough [Scribes] to make the copies.”
“Memorize the lines and do them on stage?”
Kilkran didn’t look daunted by the prospect, just doubtful. He preferred to workshop each line until he knew his role by rote. Andel shrugged as Emme, Jasi, and the others crowded around Wesle, demanding to see. Jasi stared at Andel’s messy handwriting.
“How is it, Andel? You’ve written it. How good do you think it is for your finest?”
The half-Dwarf woman, impatient at being unable to see, turned to Andel. The [Writer] pursed his lips.
