6.63 P
Page 2
“It’s certainly unique. And I do wish we’d asked Erin more about the origin of the plays, but we know enough. It comes from her home, Pralcem. From history.”
“But isn’t that astonishing? We all speak the same language! Every species in the world, yet this is still different!”
“Gnolls have their own language, or so I’m told…”
Chellise, a tall woman and perfect supporting role, began doubtfully, but Yimur shook his head. The Gnoll looked up from carefully dying the fur around his face, giving it menacing streaks of black.
“We have language, but it is more like a half-language, Emme. It would be better to call it a secret tongue, that Gnolls use to warn each other and hold conversations outsiders are not meant to hear. As far as I know, only two groups have a completely different language: Goblins and the people of Drath.”
“I used to think that was so strange.”
Jasi murmured, and saw a few heads nod. Pralcem was too excited to take note of the aside. There was a cough from the side and Rima, dark-skinned, deep-voiced, leaned over with perfect control, striking a posture of intense attention.
“Other species have their own tongue. I’ve seen Drake writing, and it’s not the same as our words. But it’s all based on the same source. You can read Drake script in a week. Fluently. No, I agree. What Pralcem’s talking about is different.”
The man nodded. He reached for a sheaf of papers—proper paper, not parchment—on the table in front of the sitting [Actors] and flourished it.
“Exactly what Rima said. This is different. It feels…different. For all that it’s based on our tongue. Listen to this:”
He read from the page, and Jasi instantly recognized the line as coming from Othello. Act 2, Scene 3. Pralcem declaimed, playing Othello himself, his voice thick with outrage.
“Why, how now, ho! From whence ariseth this? Are we turn’d Turks, and to ourselves do that which heaven hath forbid the Ottomites?”
He paused, looked around, and threw the paper down.
“Even the cadence is different. The language is crafted! Each line falls into a rhythm, a style that we cannot but imitate at this moment. And you’d have us rewrite the script to make it more colloquial?”
He stared around the room. The Players of Celum paused. Some, including Jasi, uncomfortably.
This was the debate that had raged for the last two days on the road. At first it had been only a few discussions, but it had turned into a theoretical argument that had divided the acting troupe. They weren’t concerned about performing the play tonight for the people of Sovvex. They had real priorities. After all, they were [Actors], first of their kind. Or, as Pralcem said, perhaps only heirs to a tradition far older than they could imagine.
Jasi didn’t know. She only knew this: once, she had been a [Washer], a poor Drake girl living in Celum trying to provide for her younger brother, Grev, and herself. She had lived a tough life; she still remembered scrubbing until her scales were torn off her claws and bleeding. But she had worked, saved—and one day, her younger brother, who had turned increasingly towards crime without parents to put him into an apprenticeship or watch him—one day, he’d come running to her, pursued by an angry young woman named Erin Solstice.
