6.64
Page 5
“I thought you said you wanted to keep our team busy. I was only too happy to rest.”
The [Necromancer] raised one brow. Yvlon smiled.
“This was your idea, Ceria.”
“Shut up, Yvlon.”
Ksmvr opened his mandibles, peering around. They had a good view from the rocky bluff they’d climbed. And the hills looking down onto the valley gave them a view. Green, and the basin that was Liscor to the north. And south? The Bloodfields. But also, the rise in land. Hills, rocky, unable to support even the crimson death zone. It was through this area that the Horns, led by Hissle, were traversing. Finding a route for the new road.
“Captain Ceria, I believe we will not be going uphill for the moment. There is a valley ahead. I believe we will be scouting it next.”
The half-Elf didn’t look elated at the news.
“If we go down, we have to go up again, Ksmvr.”
“That is true, Captain Ceria. Is my motivating speech a failure? How about this: our time is finite, so we only have three hours left by my calculation until our assigned work period ends. We will only be marching for two more hours, upon which time we will begin our return trip. How is that? Captain Ceria? …Captain Ceria?”
The half-Elf was trying to lie down in the dirt. Yvlon rolled her eyes. But she looked a bit tired herself.
“Ceria, get up. We’ve only been hiking for two hours.”
“Two hours!”
“You’re out of shape. Grimalkin is right. You got soft at Erin’s inn. You’ve done worse.”
“When I had to! But this was a mistake! We should quit!”
Ceria groaned. They’d been working on their job with Liscor for the last week, now. Enough time for all of them to get used to the routine. And hate it. Every day was the same. Stand around on guard duty or help build the road, or patrol. And the patrolling, the scouting, was the worst.
The worst part…was the constant hiking. Not the tedium. Ceria could handle tedium; she and her team were able to amuse themselves teaching Ksmvr new things, arguing with Pisces taking on all comers, or just gossiping. But the hiking was tough. On her especially, but it was just hard.
Scouting meant, well, moving, stopping, and moving some more. Hissle would survey for potential threats or problems that would impede the road—like a deep valley—and order them to check it out, or keep moving across the uneven terrain. They’d gone up very steep, rocky inclines, following Hissle, their dedicated [Scout].
The Drake was sympathetic—to a point. But he came back and pointedly nodded.
“We have to check out the valley. Reikhle won’t build through it, but there might be threats. Everyone up! Be watchful for monsters.”
Ceria hauled herself to her feet with a groan. She descended, stumbling after Pisces as the [Necromancer] zipped down the first incline with a smooth [Flash Step].
“Hissle, why can’t we use horses?”
The Drake sighed.
“Two reasons, Miss Ceria. First, horses attract monsters. So do we, but animals are tasty to monsters. But we could use them—if we had animals used to this terrain. But without, there’s no way a horse can navigate some of the spots we need to move. Like that gravel a while back.”
He nodded at the rocky landscape.
“I wish I had a Skill that gave my mount [Sure Footing] or something. But without it, even a pony would break an ankle in this terrain. I’m sorry, but aside from that other team—”
“The Whistling Bows. Kam’s team.”
“They’ve all got that Skill. Or their leader does.”
The half-Elf cursed. She’d seen Kam’s team riding in the distance, happily chatting to each other. Yvlon shrugged.
