6.64
Page 14
“Wistram Academy has an…equation it teaches the [Mages] that it allows to represent it. In short, it’s something like—if the risk to the academy is worth the cost and the reward, a [Mage] should pursue the opportunity. The risk of offending a single Drake city is acceptable to recover someone from your world, Miss Solstice. As is your magic door and potentially being able to replicate it. The Horns? That’s Montressa’s call, but if she came back with you and the magic door, Wistram would most likely consider it more than worth the cost.”
Palt pointed at Erin. She blinked down at her chest.
“Me? But then—”
She looked at Palt. Then she sighed.
“Okay. Just tell me.”
“What?”
“You’re giving me threats about how bad Montressa is—”
“Not threats—”
“Threats!”
Erin slammed her fist on the table. Mrsha did the same, glaring fiercely. Palt recoiled as Apista buzzed his face. Erin patted Mrsha on the back.
“—a warning, then! But you think you can stop it or you wouldn’t tell me. What do you want? What’s your angle?”
Palt took a breath. Erin was cannier than he’d like. In some areas. He nodded, growing serious.
“Very well. My proposal is this: I can call Montressa off. Both you and the Horns, if I do it right. Certainly, I can ensure that retrieving you isn’t necessary. But to do that, I’d need to leverage my faction, draw on support within the Academy.”
“Your faction?”
Erin frowned. Palt nodded.
“We’re all from different parts of the academy. Mine is small, but we have some influence. Montressa’s from a major faction. One of the biggest. The Revivalists. However, my group, the Ullsinoi faction, is quite flexible. If the Elusive Lot—”
“Who?”
“Oh, our leaders. I don’t know who they are, but they’re the best [Illusionists] and spellcasters in their field in Wistram. If they fight for it, we could probably force the Revivalists to call off the bounty on your friend. Even ensure that your name is…lost. Or that you’re left alone.”
Palt was fairly sure they could do it. But it would be an ugly struggle. Erin thought about it.
“What do I have to do?”
“Give us information. Be an—ally. To the Ullsinoi faction.”
“What kind of information?”
“Anything you can think of. From your world.”
Mrsha looked up. Erin narrowed her eyes. She stood up.
“No.”
“Miss Solstice! It’s the only thing I can think of! I swear, on a truth spell, there’s no other way to get Montressa to back down. I can’t convince her with words!”
Erin rounded on Palt as he got to his hooves.
“The only way? Maybe for you. All I had to do is be your faction’s ally? You say that, but I bet [Illusionists] are all tricky. And jerks. Probably fun jerks, but jerks who walk around invisibly and pull pranks and stuff. Am I right? Why should I trust your faction? What’s Ullsinoi mean, anyways?”
Palt bit his tongue.
“My faction is somewhat notorious, but it’s not evil, Miss Solstice. All you have to do is answer questions.”
“Answer questions. Like how to make guns?”
The Centaur was silent. That was a big one. But the Ullsinoi faction wanted more. Like how to create electricity, harness lightning. Fly into space. 
The Centaur sighed tiredly.
“Let’s be frank here, Miss Erin. I came here to find something to help my faction. I’m loyal to them, and I think we’re not bad. Wistram is taking people from Earth. For their protection, but also for gain, yes! And you’re a piece on the board, to make a chess reference. I’m offering you all I can, but I can’t help you for nothing. My faction will fight for you if I tell them to. But they have to have something. It’s all I’ve got. Will you at least consider it?”
