6.64
Page 24
Yvlon shrugged self-consciously, avoiding Pisces’ gaze.
“Just thinking. I wanted to be a [Knight]. But that was mainly because I wanted to be like the female heroines in my books. I wonder how I’d do as a [Merchant].”
A thoughtful silence fell as the Horns marched on. After a moment, Ceria shook her head.
“I can’t see it. You? Selling, what? Silver goods?”
“My sister does sell arms. Well, armor, mainly. But I wouldn’t have to do that. It’s just a thought. You can’t imagine me being charming?”
“Yvlon, you’d be charming right up until a client insulted you. Then you’d push his face in. You have a temper as bad as—as Seborn’s!”
“Hm. You’re probably right.”
Yvlon ducked her head, brushing a blonde strand of hair out of her face. She glanced up and sighed as she felt sweat sliding down her back. If she had to put on her helmet in this heat—
“You know, I don’t think I can stand another day of marching in this heat. It’s summer. I’m calling it.”
The Horns nodded. Ceria grimaced.
“Want some snow?”
“How about cold air?”
The half-Elf nodded and pointed her wand. Yvlon sighed as the cold breeze chilled her. Almost too much. She shivered and Ceria lowered her wand.
“I can cool us down, but I can’t do anything about travelling. Dead gods, should we stop working as much?”
“We did sign up, Ceria. We can’t just back out after one week. Two would be a show of good face.”
“Darn.”
“If you wish, Captain Ceria, I shall carry you.”
Ksmvr offered. Ceria looked like she might take him up on the offer. But Yvlon had a thought. She glanced around. But—to Rhir with it. She understood why Ysara had become a [Merchant] instead of the [Knight] like her father, Yitton, and Ylawes had wanted her to be. She understood what Ysara had meant when they’d talked. The Yvlon of now wished she’d been able to talk to her sister, because she understood Ysara now. You had to do your own thing. And Yvlon was getting good at thinking like—
Casually, the armored woman walked a bit ahead, next to Pisces.
“All this marching about. It’s not exactly snow, but nearly as bad. It reminds me of that time we were in the snow and we’d just fought those Crelers, remember?”
“Oh? I remember us at Albez, having to drag our loot back. The Crelers were different. We fought a juvenile one, right? Which was huge. And Pisces used the bears, but I don’t remember the trek back. To the cave was hard. But on the way back, didn’t we—”
Ceria’s rambling voice cut off. She looked up at Yvlon sharply. So did Ksmvr. He tilted his head. Yvlon raised her brows.
They stared at Pisces. The [Necromancer] was muttering as he read from his notes.
“The spell is complete, but how do you enhance the effect like he claimed? It makes no sense! Is it just pure mana or is there a way of adding more death magic to the [Deathbo—”
He looked up and blinked at the others.
“What?”
“We were talking about the Mossbear cave, Pisces. Remember? And how we got back to Esthelm?”
The [Necromancer] looked confused for a moment. Then his eyebrows shot up. He hesitated.
“…That would be frowned upon, surely.”
The Horns looked at each other. Yvlon raised one eyebrow.
“Says the [Necromancer] with a two-thousand coin bounty on his head.”
Pisces wore a very curious expression. Tentatively, he paused. Hissle looked back, confused. The [Necromancer] regarded his team.
“Even if I had a—solution, what would the other teams say? I assumed we were trying to ingratiate ourselves with the other teams.”
Ceria nodded, and her voice was reasonable.
“Yeah, but my feet hurt.”
“It is utilization of your abilities, Comrade Pisces.”
