6.64
Page 35
She leaned over the edge of the wagon and threw up. Pisces, Ceria, Tommie, Belt—all did the same. Ksmvr didn’t, but he methodically crushed every bug clinging to the chariot. Yvlon wiped her mouth, wretched, spat out something—and then just lay back.
She was covered in insect gore. In blood. Her face was gouged deep. The healing potion was closing the wound—and she was coughing on bile. Ceria and Pisces looked little better. Tommie and Belt? Even with the potions they looked half-dead.
Yvlon started laughing. The Horns looked at her, and the two Ensoldier Shields. Then they started laughing too.
They were alive.
 
—-
 
The adventurers met the ice chariot, along with Master Reikhle and [Healers]. The Horns and the two Ensoldier Shields were helped down as potions were thrust forwards. Everyone was exclaiming, asking what had happened—shouting about pollen—when the Wistram team approached.
They walked down out of the foothills. Ceria looked up from Alais and Kam hugging her and saw them. Ksmvr pulled a huge beetle’s mandibles out of her back.
“Montressa?”
They’d saved them. The Wistram [Mages] were panting. Montressa du Valeross stared at Ceria. Then she focused on the skeletal horses.
Of all the things in the moment, that was the least consequential to Ceria. But Montressa’s face went white. She stepped backwards—and ran up against Palt. The Centaur put a steadying hand on her shoulder.
“[Calm]. Montressa, it’s alright.”
The [Mage] visibly calmed. But she stared at the undead horses. Then at Pisces. The [Necromancer] was being clapped on the back by Walt and supported by Stan.
“You—you saved us. You took care of the insects.”
Alais was the first to say something. She looked at the Wistram [Mages]. Isceil coughed.
“Yeah.”
“Why?”
The Drake looked up at Ceria. He glared, spat a bit of blood.
“We’re not monsters. We saw the other adventurers were in trouble and decided to give our aid. No need to thank us.”
Palt eyed Isceil. Ulinde hesitated. The adventurers and workers were silent as they stared at the Wistram team. Montressa hesitated. She looked at Ceria and then at Pisces.
“We did it because we owe Liscor. Not you.”
She turned away. Ceria opened and closed her mouth a few times.
“Thank you. You saved us.”
Montressa didn’t reply. It was Yvlon who spat out a pincer and growled.
“Funny that you’re all the way out here, though. Why were you here, then? Watching us?”
“Yvlon—they just saved us.”
Ceria stumbled as she walked over to her friend. The [Wounded Warrior] glared. Abruptly, she tore loose of Caddin and the other two adventurers supporting her. She began walking forwards. Her sword was still drawn. It rested across her shoulder blades, gleaming across the silvery metal armor the [Wounded Warrior] wore.
“Yvlon!”
The woman ignored her. The Wistram [Mages] tensed as she approached. Beza made a fist, but Palt put his arm out.
“Steady.”
“We’re not fighting. We saved you.”
Yvlon kept walking. Straight at Montressa. The [Aegiscaster] hesitated. She raised her staff and the glowing brass orb hovering next to her pulsed.
“Yvlon—!”
Ceria’s voice was one in a dozen. But Yvlon didn’t stop. She never blinked. Her grip slowly tightened on the hilt. The [Mages] wavered where they stood. Then Montressa leapt aside. Isceil stumbled back. She walked past them. Her head turned and she stared straight into Beza’s eyes. The Minotauress opened her mouth, and nothing came it out.
“Thanks for the assistance. Stay away from my team.”
