6.64
Page 28
“Looks like dead earth to me, yes? Perhaps even the Bloodfields could not survive.”
“Or someone did the sensible thing and salted the earth.”
Tommie grunted. The Gnoll nodded.
“I noticed it, and we will make a report, yes? But we must scout around it.”
“Sure. Lead on.”
Walt grunted. They were as close as they were allowed to the Bloodfields—two miles away from the closest edge. Far out of range of anything. Even so, Walt did not like their proximity to the Bloodfields. He stared at the brown spot, then something else caught his attention
A patch of huge, spore-like mushrooms. But big suckers. If he could see them from this far away, they had to be huge, twice as tall as he was. Walt stared at them, considered pointing them out to this team, but then decided against and kept marching. You didn’t want to stare too hard at the Bloodfields.
They kept walking. And in time, they got back to debating about the undead chariot. Not that they wanted one! It was too bad you couldn’t use horses everywhere. But undead horses? Well…
None of the adventurers nor the [Pathfinder] Gnoll noticed the change in the air at first. Then, the Gnoll looked up. She called a halt and pointed.
Something was blowing towards them. The Ensoldier Shields were downwind of the Bloodfields, and they saw a faint—mist?—on the wind. No, not a mist.
A faint red…haze in the air. It blew over the adventurers before they could do anything. Reflexively, Walt covered his mouth and didn’t inhale, and the others did the same. The Gnoll sneezed as she lowered her paw.
“Everyone okay? What was that?”
“Pollen.”
The [Pathfinder] announced. Some of the red was in her fur. Walt saw a bit on his armor and flicked it off uneasily.
“Damn pollen? Is it acidic? Poisonous?”
“Doesn’t feel like it. Damn, damn—anyone feeling sick? What didn’t that bird-lady warn us about—”
“Pollen’s not part of the Bloodfields. They do not flower. Nevertheless, we should report this. I am calling us back.”
The Gnoll [Pathfinder] looked visibly uneasy. She pointed back towards the distant road. The Ensoldier Shields brightened. Now that was more like it! In high spirits, they turned and began marching back towards the road.
But something curious happened. After a few seconds of marching, Walt frowned.
“Hey! Stop, stop! We’re going the wrong way!”
The adventurers paused. They looked ahead and realized Walt was right. The Gnoll was taking them across the Bloodfields. Embarrassed, the Gnoll shook her head.
“My apologies. To the left!”
They resumed, going left, around the Bloodfields rather than through the outskirts. But after a few more minutes of walking, Tommie frowned.
“Funny—it feels like we’re—”
They were veering into the Bloodfields again. Walt looked at Teriska. The [Pathfinder] was shaking her head.
“What’s wrong?”
“We’re going the wrong way. I—walk left! Follow me!”
She took them directly opposite the Bloodfields. The Ensoldier Shields hurried after her, now alert. They were no fools. But after a few minutes Walt swore.
“Stop!”
They were walking straight into the Bloodfields. It was no more than a thousand feet distant. The adventurers looked around.
“Illusion?”
“No. Something’s wrong. Stay put.”
Walt hurried over the to the Gnoll woman. She was smelling at the pollen on her fur. He nodded at it.
“You don’t think…?”
“A trap. We have to get back to the road. I will send a [Message] spell.”
Teriska’s face was pale behind her fur. She reached for a scroll at her belt. Walt nodded.
“Hold tight everyone! We’re under some kind of illusion effect! Hold—”
