6.64
Page 36
Yvlon strode towards the door to The Wandering Inn. Ceria’s jaw dropped. The other adventurers stared after Yvlon. After a moment, Walt exhaled hard.
“Damn. Byres does not fuck around.”
 
—-
 
Later, Erin shouted when she saw the Horns. She rushed forwards.
“What happened? Are you all alright?”
The Horns had to debrief Reikhle, and get Walt’s account and the [Pathfinder]’s. They told Erin—then Olesm and Zevara—then the Council. The Bloodfields encounter was not small fries. Master Reikhle himself sent through a missive to Pallass.
“The pollen and those pulling roots—those are new. The Bloodfields are…evolving.”
Olesm paled as he checked reports for anything like the pollen that Walt’s team had been hit by, or the grabbing-roots that had got Tommie. Zevara nodded.
“The Bloodfields are always dangerous. But this is another step. I don’t know if I can recommend we proceed with the road. Councilmembers…”
Lism paced back and forth, tail thrashing angrily.
“Damn the Bloodfields. An army could clear it. A hundred [Mages] throwing long-range fire spells? We should get Pallass’ army to do it! We only fight there to avoid having another Bloodfields somewhere else!”
“Better not to fight at all! If the Humans would stop sending their armies and return our land—”
Ceria was so tired, she didn’t hear the other Drakes and Gnolls arguing. After a moment, Zevara stood up.
“Enough! There’s only one decision we need to make. Continue the project or not?”
“We need a road.”
Lism’s statement got nods from even Krshia. The Gnolls looked around, finding Olesm.
“What do we do, Strategist Olesm? If the road’s in danger of that pollen or the plants reaching out—”
“We alter course even further east. If need be, we’ll build a wall alongside the Bloodfields to keep the plants from endangering travellers. But it can be done. From now on, no team is allowed within four miles of the Bloodfields. I’ll notify Pallass, confer. Master Reikhle, do you think it can be done?”
The Gnoll was longer in replying. But he did nod.
“I can make the road out of range of even pollen. It can be done, yes? But it takes brave teams such as today to guard us.”
He nodded at the Horns. Ceria grinned. Pisces cracked one eye open, blinking. Lism hesitated, but it was Krshia who nodded.
“Indeed. This is a heroic act, yes? Worthy of commendation, or at least a bonus? Hrm?”
“Well, it was pretty good. And those Wistram [Mages] helped. Damn. I suppose they earned their keep. But even so, they weren’t authorized—”
The Council began arguing over the ramifications of the Bloodfields, the politics—the Horns didn’t listen. Erin tugged them away, offering them food, baths, and beds. Wearily, Ceria collapsed onto a table, leaning up on Pisces.
“Hells. That was something.”
“Montressa and her team saved us! Can you imagine—”
“They were watching us.”
Yvlon tried to raise her head. Now other adventurers were coming over. The Council was embroiled in a huge debate, with a crowd of their own on one side of the room. But the exhausted adventurers were on another. Walt came over.
“Ceria. Yvlon, Pisces, Ksmvr. You all alright? You’re looking worn.”
“I need—five baths.”
Pisces muttered. Ceria nodded.
“And sleep!”
“I’ll drink to that. Hell. I still have some of that red stuff on me.”
Walt was drinking with one hand. But he came over. He hesitated, then clapped Pisces on the shoulder.
“You lot do the bathing thing. But after that—we’ll buy you all drinks! Even the bug-fellow, if he drinks. You saved my guys.”
