6.64
Page 26
“Cast [Ice Wheel] on the left side, Ceria!”
“That’s not a spell! Give me a second—”
“[Bone Wheel].”
Pisces pointed and bone appeared, bridging a crack in one of the wheels. Ceria protested.
“Hey! Ice is better!”
“Bone is lighter.”
“Well—ice is heavier. And thicker!”
 
“Can’t you combine the spells? Make a bone-ice wheel?”
They stared at her. Yvlon raised her hands. The chariot clattered towards the adventurers.  Ceria was trying to keep her balance as the chariot threw its passengers around. It was hardly a smooth ride.
“Ow. Ow. This is not comf—”
As the chariot came down, it tilted sideways, throwing Ceria against one wall. She bit her tongue.  Yvlon, who was wisely keeping her mouth shut, shrugged.
“It’s not comfortable, but we’re not walking.”
“True!”
“What in the name of fur is this?”
Reikhle strode up to the Horns, staring. He glared at the undead horses as the workers murmured. Ceria appeared over the side and waved at him.
“It’s our means of transport, Master Reikhle. It can get us around. Don’t worry, we won’t make Hissle run; he can ride with us!”
The Gnoll stared. His eyes shifted to the Drake and Hissle waved one claw weakly.
“Master Builder Reikhle, it is faster than our march.”
“You’re using the undead, Ceria?”
Alais stared at the half-Elf. Ceria stared back at the [Aeromancer].
“That’s right, Alais. Don’t be jealous.”
“Jealous?”
“Our horses don’t break their legs. Or if they do, Pisces can fix them.”
Yvlon looked around. Alais hesitated. There was a point there. She stared at Pisces and cleared her throat. Stan spoke.
“Were the horses—how’d you get the bones?”
The [Necromancer] raised his eyebrows.
“I bought them, of course. I have any number of bones. The issue is actually storing them in my bag of holding. But to your point—finding horse bones is not difficult given any population of horses in a city. Rather, buying them is difficult. [Hostlers] are surprisingly difficult to persuade when it comes to a beloved creature.”
“I’ll bet.”
“Anyways, this is our mode of travel. We’ll walk if we have to, but this is easier. If bumpier. Hey, Ksmvr! Go grab us some pillows while we have lunch at Erin’s inn.”
“I shall attempt to persuade Bird to impart some of his Fortress of Fluff.”
The Antinium hopped down from the chariot with the others. Reikhle eyed the undead. But after a moment, he just nodded.
“Do your work! You’re covering a mounted team’s share, then. If you can’t keep up—everyone, back to work! You’re not being paid to stare!”
“Undead. I can’t believe it.”
Caddin shook his head as the others returned to their posts. He stared at Pisces as the Horns took a lunch from the magical door and began to eat, chattering about how to reinforce their chariot. But some of the other adventurers were less hostile.
“I’d ride that instead of walk.”
Stan looked at Alais, murmuring to his team. Some of them looked horrified, especially at the bone chariot, but more than a few were inspecting blisters. And on their wagon, the Horns were grinning. It was—different. True. But it was them. And Pisces was smiling, slightly.
“Not a bad idea, Yvlon.”
“Thank you. I’m ashamed you didn’t think of it. Looks like we know who the better [Necromancer] is.”
The [Wounded Warrior] replied, straight-faced. Pisces choked on his mouthful and Ceria laughed so hard she had hiccups. Ksmvr opened his mandibles in a smile. The Horns turned to the fifth member of the chariot. Hissle eyed the specially-made lunch they’d received from Erin. He lifted a hamburger and eyed the brownies on the floor of the chariot.
