6.64
Page 22
Yvlon smiled. She put the armor over her bandaged and resalved arms. She felt nothing. The Gnoll [Healer] watched her go. Yvlon stepped into Liscor’s streets, out of the small clinic. She sighed. And then she went to find her team.
Some things never changed. Ceria groaned when Master Reikhle put them on scout duty again. Yvlon wasn’t surprised. The Gnoll didn’t like Pisces or Ksmvr around. What was surprising was that Walt’s team was on scout duty too.
“But we’re wearing armor!”
“Shut up, Walt! Your team was full of the idiots who decided to bother Erin!”
Ceria snapped. Walt and his team scowled.
“It was one slap! It’s not like it doesn’t happen in the north!”
“Erin’s not a [Barmaid]! And that’s not the point!”
“Silence! Get to your [Scouts] and get to work! This isn’t a nursery!”
Master Builder Reikhle bellowed and the adventurers all shut up. With ill-grace, the Ensoldier Shields trooped off, and the Horns did likewise. Yvlon marched alongside Ceria, listening to the half-Elf grumble. She agreed in broad with everything that made Ceria so mad. But she had to admit, seeing the man who’d slapped Erin complaining about having his nose broken and his eye blacked made her wonder how far Erin had gone in return.
“There’s such a thing as too much retaliation, Ceria.”
“For Walt and his idiots?”
The half-Elf looked at Yvlon. The [Wounded Warrior] met her gaze.
“What if Erin had broken his arm?”
“Well—”
“If you say that’s fair, you might be over exaggerating. Then again, I’d probably do that. At least deck whoever it was. But if she broke both his legs?”
“Okay, that’s going overboard. A bit. But Walt just doesn’t get it.”
“That’s true.”
There wasn’t much more to say after that. And Ceria was already huffing after the first thirty minutes. She really needed to build up her endurance. She was getting better, though; she didn’t need a stamina potion already. But she was still complaining.
“I think we should take less shifts. I mean, I’m practicing being boiled and trying to learn new spells. We could all use more practice time.”
“That is not what you said last time, Captain Ceria. I believe your quote was—”
“Don’t quote me, Ksmvr! I’m unreliable!”
The half-Elf waved her hands. The Antinium nodded, assimilating this information. Ceria sighed.
“It’s just—work. I thought we’d level a tiny bit, but we’re not exactly fighting, are we? We can find better work. When the Halfseekers finally get to Invrisil…”
It was a common refrain. But Yvlon doubted Seborn and Moore were in any hurry. She’d seen them recounting stories to Ulinde this morning. The young Selphid was hanging on every word. The two Gold-rank adventurers weren’t in a hurry to get back to the road. Nor was Jelaqua.
But it would happen. Someday. And sooner than you thought, even if it was later than you wanted. Yvlon rubbed one arm, adjusting her vambraces unconsciously. When they got to Invrisil, the Halfseekers would help the Horns cash in the bounty they’d taken from Liscor’s dungeon.
It made sense to do it in Invrisil versus Pallass—the Gold-rank adventurers knew someone who’d give them the best deal and you wanted that with all the various objects the adventurers needed to turn into pure gold. Griffon Hunt had taken their share to their broker already no doubt, but the Horns needed to build up a network.
