6.64
Page 37
He pointed. The Ensoldier Shields were shaken, but in one piece, clapping their two teammates on the shoulder. They looked up. Half raised their cups. Ceria blinked. Then she looked at Pisces. He looked up at Walt, but the man was staring at him.
“Hell of a thing. Taking down that tree-thing? That was Gold-rank, right there.”
Stan nodded. Ceria blinked around. She had a thought, and smiled.
“Hey, didn’t Tekshia say that Gold-rank teams would take a stroll through the Bloodfields to prove they were worthy of their rank? Anyone fancy copying us?”
“Forget that. Even a chariot’s too slow.”
Yvlon muttered. She was feeling at her arms.
“But you did it! And—dead gods! I take back what I said, Ceria. Come on. Let’s get to the bathhouses! Liscor has some, right? Then drinks are on my team too!”
Alais grabbed Ceria. The half-Elf blinked, but then Kam was on her other side. The other adventurers helped lift the weary Horns up. Bemused, confused, but happy, the Horns of Hammerad looked at each other. Ceria looked at Pisces. He was staring. Then smiling.
He met her eyes. She laughed. And the world felt better.
 
—-
 
Montressa du Valeross listened to the laughter. Her team was standing outside the inn. They hadn’t received much thanks. Isceil was growling insults under his breath. Beza’s arms were folded. Palt was arguing with her.
“You see, Montressa? You saved his life. All their lives.”
“I didn’t do it for him. Or her.”
The [Aegiscaster] glared at Palt. The Centaur exhaled slowly.
“Montressa—you have to give it up. You saw them. They went into the Bloodfields! To save two adventurers! I know what he did. We all did. We all had friends in that accident! I did! But you need to forgive—”
Montressa saw a grinning face. Blood, dripping from the teeth. She shot upright, her face white and pale.
“Forgive him? After what he did? Why is he allowed to be happy? Calvaron, Chaise—they’re still dead.”
Palt looked around. Beza hesitated, but nodded. Isceil bared his teeth.
“He don’t get a free pass for being a hero today.”
“I’m warning you, Montressa. You may not have a choice.”
“I didn’t come this far to run away, Palt. This isn’t over. The Horns got lucky because they were helping other adventurers. But we’re settling this.”
White-faced, Montressa stalked away. Palt threw up his hands. He looked at Ulinde.
“It’s over. She’ll get the order tomorrow.”
The Selphid nodded uncertainly. After a moment, Palt entered the inn, and she followed. Montressa stormed back to the city, haunted.
 
—-
 
The Bloodfields were silent. The insects had retreated, gathering in the insect beds, leaving countless of their dead behind. The area where the Watchertree had fallen was being engulfed. The damage done to a small part of the Bloodfields had already begun healing. But—it had been a loss. The Bloodfields had ensnared its prey, and the prey had fought back. Only a bit of blood had been taken, and the damage—
Magic had torn the earth and sky. Magic, a power beyond even most of the Bloodfield’s most dangerous threats. Who, adventurer, insect, plant, could stand in front of that? Perhaps nothing.
And yet. On the barren ground, at the foot of the Watchertree’s stump, the place where Yvlon’s blood had fallen on the ground sucked up the red greedily. And the battle, the carnage, the magic and death was a conjuring. A sacrifice.
The Bloodfields shivered. Went silent, all of a sudden. A wind blew as the sun fell. The red grass swayed, no longer waiting.
And something woke up.
 

