6.64
Page 2
The Gnoll strode up to Erin. He pointed at her door.
“We’re moving your door up. To follow the road. There’s no point in keeping it the same spot. And I need more workers, so I’m sending Eigusha through to Liscor. No problems, yes? Good? Good! Stop bothering my workers, please. What’s that?”
He pointed at Erin’s basket. She lifted it.
“Cookie?”
The Gnoll sniffed the basket, took three cookies, and chewed one. He frowned.
“Sweet! I’ll share this with my quartermasters. Fine, you can give them out if they’re free. But don’t get in the way. Eigusha! The door!”
He waved and another Gnoll, female, trotted towards the door. The Drakes paused and she hopped up. The Drakes were carrying the door, so the floor of the inn appeared at torso level. Eigusha jumped and landed on the inn. She blinked around unsteadily, suddenly in an inn. It was an odd experience the first hundred times you did it. Then she turned. The door closed as she briskly adjusted it to Liscor.
“Ooh. I hope Drassi gets it back to here.”
Erin frowned. The Gnoll shrugged.
“Eigusha will be back in less than twenty minutes. And this door’s handy. We don’t have to set up camp, we can request supplies and personnel in moments—you’re not charging us for it, right?”
“Nope. I’m getting money from the city. Well, I don’t have to pay as many taxes.”
“Ah, excellent. In that case, I’ll keep using it how I please.”
The Gnoll [Builder] nodded to himself. Erin eyed him.
Master Builder Reikhle was…interesting. The Gnoll had no time for anything that wasted time. He’d been hired through Pallass to do a job, and this was it. Anyone—adventurer or worker—who was shirking got the back of his paw. In a literal sense. The Gnoll wasn’t afraid to knock heads, but he wasn’t violent.
And it was true that a Drake and Gnoll work team needed it sometimes. Erin had seen two fights as she’d watched that day. The workers got on each other’s nerves, both working and on break. And it fell to Eigusha, the [Taskmistress], or Reikhle, or the other supervisors to deal with the arguments.
Snarling Gnolls and hissing Drakes weren’t the adventurer’s jobs to break up, especially because the Humans were often the target of ire of both races combined. Speaking of which…Erin followed Reikhle as he strode back towards the door.
“Where’re you putting the door?”
“Just up towards the front of the road. We’re not going to walk all the way up when we can move the door, surely?”
“Oh. Makes sense. But aren’t we closer to…the Bloodfields?”
Erin gestured at the red grass in the distance. Reikhle glanced over. Like the other Gnoll, he sniffed the air, but dismissively.
“We’re three miles out. And I have the road moving away from the Bloodfields. See?”
He pointed impatiently, striding so fast that Erin had to jog to keep up. The road was being built along wooden stakes hammered into the ground. Reikhle himself had measured it with some device from Pallass, and now the road was straight as an arrow. [Laborers] were moving ahead of the team pounding the road flat, pouring dirt, raising it above the surrounding dirt. And another team was digging…Erin frowned.
“Is that a ditch? Why’re you digging that?”
“To have enough dirt to elevate the road! And for drainage, obviously!”
Reikhle snorted. Erin peered at the road.
“Oh. But it’s made of dirt. Won’t it wash away with rain?”
The Gnoll gave her a side-eye.
