6.64
Page 7
The reprimand turned Ceria’s cheeks pink. Embarrassed, the half-Elf waved the bit of fish around.
“But I like Erin’s food. This is—”
She stopped as she realized everyone was looking at her. Even Pisces was staring at her meaningfully. Ceria turned red. She chewed in silence. Okay, it was decent food. Just—
“I admit, Erin’s food is somewhat more flavorful.”
Pisces acceded after a minute of silent chewing. He gulped down some water and silently traded his bread for Ksmvr’s fish. The Antinium had a thing about gluten. Pisces chewed on his fish and then continued.
“Erin could provide us with lunches. One wonders why the city didn’t ask her to cater for our teams.”
“Knowing the inn? I’ll bet Lyonette charged too much and Erin didn’t want to make that much food in advance. Which is a shame. She needs to hire a cook.”
Yvlon cast a knowing glance towards the magical door sitting—currently inactive—in the distance. They could actually see the road from their vantage point.  Ceria nodded, still embarrassed. She peered down at the workers, and then pointed.
“Hey. Isn’t that Erin?”
“Where?”
The other Horns and Hissle looked. The Drake shaded his eyes. He had a Skill, and nodded after a moment.
“That’s her. She’s got a basket. Looks like…what are those things?”
“Cookies!”
Ceria didn’t have to guess. She sat up longingly.
“She’d handing them out to—the Ensoldier Shields! Damn! Walt and his team! Just because they’re all wearing armor they get to sit around—”
“Ceria!”
The Horns were watching from their spot. They were just above the lip of the valley, and any further down they’d miss seeing Erin. Hissle looked about, ready to order them to stop hanging about, but then he glanced back.
“What’s that?”
Erin was shouting furiously. From the distance, no one could hear her, but the [Scout]’s enhanced vision saw her furiously pointing at one of the adventurers. Ceria shaded her eyes.
“What? What happened?”
“Looks like something’s made your friend mad. Oh—I think I saw. One of them slapped her on the behind.”
The Drake said it passively, but the half-Elf swore and Yvlon twitched.
“Those disgusting idiots! I’m going to kick Walt’s teeth in!”
“It wasn’t on the tail. Oh—wait. I guess that’s bad, isn’t it?”
“Like the tail.”
Pisces informed Hissle. The Drake frowned. Ksmvr nodded.
“I understand this is another form of establishing dominance between sexes. A bad one.”
He looked at Yvlon and the [Wounded Warrior] nodded. Hissle stared back down.
“Well—your friend’s not having it.”
Erin had thrown the basket down and was advancing on one of the laughing adventurers. The all-male team of the Ensoldier Shields were arguing with the other team—Hauntgheist, whose female members were also looking very upset. Then—
“Ooh! She punched him! Did I see that?”
“Yup.”
Hissle watched. He looked at the sprawled figure.
“Nice hit. That had to be a Skill, right? Alright, back to work!”
“What? But I want to see—”
“No excuses! We have three more hours! We need to check out this valley now! Keep marching!”
 
—-
 
Palt the Centaur was cooking when the door slammed back open and Erin Solstice stormed back into the inn. He heard her voice first, shouting.
“Those jerks! Hey! Hey! Let go of me! I’m gonna kick him in the nuts! I’m gonna boil nuts and throw it on his face! I said let go—”
“Sorry, Miss Erin. But they are working. Master Reikhle wants you off the work site.”
“He slapped my butt!”
“It wasn’t your ears or t—oh, wait. Well, it’s all better if you stay away from them.”
