6.64
Page 32
“I’ll send my Bone Horror. It may survive an encounter. I could try something larger, but that tree—”
The Watchertree was stabbing its roots up randomly, trying to attack what had hit it. Yvlon stared at it, and then at the slimes. She looked at her sword.
“I’ll get the tree. Keep the slimes off us! Ksmvr, we’re going in.”
“What?”
Yvlon ignored Ceria. The half-Elf turned, cursing and reinforcing her ice walls. The huge slimes were slamming themselves against them. Pisces’ Warbear charged forwards as the [Necromancer] shot another [Deathbolt]. He was panting already.
“Comrade Yvlon—”
The Antinium [Skirmisher] hesitated. Yvlon grabbed his shoulder.
“Don’t argue! Ceria, freeze the ground and keep me covered! Now!”
“What? What are you—”
The two [Warriors] leapt from the chariot. They landed on the red grass. Ksmvr ran past Tommie and Belt. Onto the dead zone. Into the reach of the Watchertree.
“Ksmvr!”
Ceria screamed. The Antinium was running fast, like a blur towards the Watchertree. But then—he leapt!  The Antinium jumped. Ksmvr’s Ring of Jumping carried him into the air. Twenty feet! And below him, the earth exploded.
A piercing tendril shot towards where the Antinium had been, trying to skewer him. It shot up and up—just missed his feet. The [Skirmisher] swung, turning in midair, but he missed with his Flamecoat Dagger as the tendril began to withdraw into the ground. Too slow, though. Yvlon charged after Ksmvr. Towards the withdrawing root.
She swung her Sword of Weight. Unlike Tommie’s or Ceria’s spells, the enchanted blade had all of Yvlon’s strength behind it. Plus another thirty pounds of the enchantment. It cut into the thick, pale red tendril and cleaved through. Yvlon staggered as the root severed, the end flexing wildly. Ksmvr landed. Yvlon pointed.
“Go! Cover me, Ceria!”
She ran straight at the Watchertree. Ceria turned as Pisces leapt from the chariot.
“Go!”
With rapier in hand he [Flash Stepped] into the red slimes, thrusting at a mana core floating in the bodies. His Warbear tore another slime apart. Ceria whirled. She pointed.
“[Ice Wall]!”
The ground grew a thick layer of ice which cracked as more stabbing tendrils tried to break through. Yvlon ran, slipping and cursing, charging towards the distant Watchertree.
At the same time, Ksmvr landed. Tommie was struggling with the roots. He looked up as the Antinium landed left to him.
“Potion! Belt needs a potion!”
“I have one. Recovery—”
Ksmvr splashed the potion on the man’s torso. Ksmvr began sawing at the tendrils, then leapt back as more tried to hit him. He landed, paused, and jumped again. The Watchertree was stabbing at Ksmvr, trying to strike Yvlon. But she was nearing the base of the tall spire.
“[Ice Wall]—”
Ceria tried to block another root. But she was panting. Too slow. One arced out of the ground, stabbing at Yvlon. It tore across her armor. The enchanted metal took the impact. But it dented. And—Yvlon twisted as the root deflected. It shot past her face, striking across her helmet, gashing her face. Her blood spattered the ground, watering the red soil.
But she kept going. She shouted as she reached the base of the Watchertree. It stood, immobile. A malicious sentinel.
Yvlon lifted her enchanted sword. She gripped it with two hands and swung. The first blow cut halfway into the trunk! Ceria saw the entire tree shiver. The tendrils stabbing into Tommie and Belt convulsed and both men screamed. The Watchertree tried to hit Yvlon, but she was inside its range and the walls of ice were blocking the stabbing roots.
