6.64
Page 3
“Not my roads. This one will eventually degrade, but [Weather-resistant Structure] is my Skill and this road will last thrice as long as a normal one! We could have made it out of stone of course, but your city wants the road done fast. And dirt is a lot faster. We’ll probably be rebuilding it in the years to come, but I’ll have a temporary road built in less than a month. If you slugs would get to work and stop sitting on your tails!”
He bellowed past Erin. A group of Drakes and Gnolls cursed at Reikhle as Erin winced. The Gnoll strode past her.
“Don’t bother my workers or get in the way!”
He left Erin. She walked to the side; the road was indeed moving at a rapid pace. Almost as fast as she could walk! Part of it was Skills, but the rest was just organization. Reikhle had teams such that everyone was always working. Erin sidled up to her door as the two Drakes put it down.
“Cookie? Cookie.”
She offered her basket. The two sweaty Drakes took it with gratitude. One was a female Drake. She leaned against the door as Erin stared at her arms. This Drake had muscles. And breasts. Fun fact: Drakes were mammals. Erin hadn’t really known that. The Drake eyed Erin too.
“Thanks, Miss Innkeeper. Don’t mind Reikhle. He’s always like that.”
“Oh? You’re from Pallass, then.”
The Drake nodded, flashing Erin a grin. Erin smiled back as the other Drake scarfed another cookie, more interested in her basket than anything else. The female Drake smiled crookedly.
“That’s right. We’re part of his team. I’m a [Hauler]. Decent-leveled, though. See these?”
She hefted one arm. Erin nodded appreciatively.
“What Skills do [Haulers] get?”
“Ones that let us work harder.”
The other Drake grumbled. The female [Hauler] nodded.
“But also carry more than we should. It’s like having a miniature bag of holding for dirt. See?”
She nodded at the team dumping dirt on the ground. Indeed, they seemed to be carrying far more than they should, and the team pounding the dirt flat didn’t need to stop for quite a while. Erin whistled.
“Nice. So—Reikhle’s a good boss?”
She’d seen him striding about, and after a few days of having him walk through her inn to work, she was curious. Hence the basket of goodwill—Erin twitched it out of the reach of the male Drake. He’d had four cookies. The female Drake grinned and took another one.
“Reikhle? He’s decent. Hey, these are really good! You have any water?”
“Oh—when the door’s open—”
Erin gestured at the door. The Drake nodded, wiping sweat from her brow. She nodded at Reikhle.
“I know he’s tough. But he’s a [Builder], not some prancing [Architect] or [Engineer]. You need someone to make one of those complex elevators or some artful piece of marble, get someone else. Reikhle gets the job done cheap and quick. Without magic, too! Which is good. [Mage]-built roads always have something wrong with ‘em.”
“Huh. Well, I’m just interested. You’re all working hard, so I thought I’d share some…say, are the adventurer teams here?”
Erin looked around. The Drake shrugged. She waved a claw.
“There are a few on watch over there.”
“Useless sacks.”
Her companion grumbled. He eyed the two teams of Silver-rank adventurers standing around, chatting, a few keeping watch in every direction. His ire might have also been due to the fact that the teams were Human. Entirely so. Erin inspected both teams. But she didn’t see the ones she was looking for.
“Where’re the others?”
