6.64
Page 1
Erin gestured around vaguely at the immediate area. About three miles south of the Bloodfields, Drakes and Gnolls were building a road. A legit road. It was flat, and everything. True, it wasn’t asphalt, but they were tearing up the sod, pounding the road to somewhat smooth levels, even rolling objects over the surface.
They were creating a wide path, able to hold two wagons abreast comfortably, out of the wilderness. And they were building it around the Bloodfields, bridging the impassible expanse in the spring and summer. To bring Liscor into contact with the other cities.
They were doing it fast, too. It had been only a few days and the road stretched as far as Erin could see in one direction as she leaned out of the magical doorway. A nice, straight road, heading south. Towards Pallass. She waved the basket at the Gnoll and Drake.
“Cookies?”
“I’ll have one.”
The Drake came to a sudden decision. He trotted over and grabbed two. Erin had only offered one, but that was fine. The Gnoll came over too. He took a cookie and bowed slightly.
“Thank you. Er—”
“Erin. Erin Solstice.”
“Of course. We’ve uh, heard of you. Thank you for the—”
“Cookie. Don’t worry, this is just a vanilla one. It’s made of sugar. Flour, butter, eggs—mostly sugar. And vanilla.”
The Gnoll brightened. He took a cautious bite and smiled even further. Erin smiled too as the Drake scarfed one.
“Hey! This is really good! Can I have another?”
“No. But your friend can take another.”
The Gnoll did. He dipped his head again. He cast a longing glance past Erin into her inn. It was a fairly good day, and some guests were inside, watching the Players of Celum. It was also cooler, and Drassi was passing by with some cooled beers on a platter. Erin would have invited the Gnoll to step inside, but a loud voice came from behind the two workers.
“Hey! Break time’s over! Get back to work, you two!”
“Aw. Damn. [Taskmaster] Eigusha is on our tails again.”
The Drake groaned as he turned. The Gnoll made a face too. He hesitated and looked at Erin.
“We’d better get going. Thank you. It’s uh, good to meet you, Miss Erin.”
“You too!”
The [Innkeeper] smiled as they left. She could hear the Drake and Gnoll as they trotted back to the working team, scarfing their second cookie.
“That was her? She’s shorter than I thought she’d be. And a lot less insane.”
“We saw her going through her inn. I told you she wasn’t crazy.”
“Yeah, but you hear things. Remember the skeleton in her inn?”
“No. I thought it was a Hobgoblin.”
“No, that’s different. She had like, five. I thought she was mating with them, but it didn’t smell like that—”
Erin lost her smile. She stared narrow-eyed at the Gnoll’s back. Then the world began to move. Alarmed, Erin jumped—until she realized someone was picking up the doorframe that connected her inn to this position. She peered out the door and saw two grunting Drakes hauling the door. They jumped when they saw her.
“Hey! Where are you taking me?”
“Moving the door, Miss. Master Builder Reikhle’s orders. Don’t mind us.”
“Oh. Okay, then. Wanna cookie?”
“Sure—”
“Miss Human! Please stop feeding my workers!”
An aggrieved voice shouted at Erin. She turned, and stepped out of the doorway. She looked around, feeling the warm air on her neck. There was a breeze, but the sun was out in force. The grasslands south of Liscor felt hot. And hotter when you saw the teams, the Drakes sweating, the Gnolls with damp fur. They were not a happy lot, but they worked hard, in shifts. And the one motivating them to work harder was striding towards her.
“Oh. Hey. Master Builder. I was just—”
