6.64
Page 15
He waited. Erin Solstice wavered. She looked up, thinking hard. At last, she smiled at Palt. The Centaur’s heart leapt. Erin opened her mouth.
“No. Shoo!”
Then she turned and walked away.
 
—-
 
Palt the Centaur turned and stomped off towards the door. He was angry. Erin Solstice watched him go, feeling satisfied. And nervous. She felt like he’d been telling her the truth. But tell his faction, tell Wistram about guns and stuff from Earth? Ryoka had warned her about just that! No, she was tired of bringing new things into this world. Erin sighed. They’d just have to find another way to convince Montressa. She turned—
And Lyonette caught her arm.
“Erin, come with me for a moment.”
“Huh? What’s the matter, Lyonette—”
The [Princess] turned and dragged Erin into the kitchen. She was surprisingly strong! She nodded at Mrsha.
“Guard the entrance, Mrsha.”
The Gnoll cub nodded. Lyonette pulled Erin into the back of the kitchen and lowered her voice. Even Gnolls would have trouble hearing them above the background noise. The [Princess] glared at Erin.
“Tell him.”
“What?”
Erin stared at Lyonette. The [Worldly Princess] snapped.
“Tell Palt yes, Erin! I caught the last of what he said. He offered you a deal, didn’t he?”
“Yeah. He wanted to know about—about stuff from home. I had to join with his faction or else Montressa might do something. I told him no—”
“Don’t be an idiot! Tell him ‘yes’! Mrsha, don’t let Palt leave!”
The Gnoll threw Apista. The Ashfire Bee buzzed after the Centaur and there was a shout. Erin looked at Lyonette.
“What are you talking about? Lyonette, we talked about this!”
The Princess had been privy to Palt’s careful negotiations with Erin over the last few days. The Centaur had been circumspect, trying to buy Erin’s goodwill. The [Princess] had been the one who had told Erin to wait for Palt’s pitch.
And Erin had! She’d discussed it with Mrsha, Numbtongue, and Bird, the rest of her family, as well. And the Hobgoblin had vouchsafed that it was unwise to trust any Wistram [Mages] given their reputation. Not in so many words, but Erin had agreed. Bird hadn’t had much of an opinion, but Lyonette had insisted Erin hear Palt out.
“I listened, Lyonette. But he wants secrets about our world! Like about guns and missiles and stuff! No way. Remember what Ryoka told me?”
The [Princess] ground her teeth.
“Did he say he wants that exactly, Erin? Or does he just want your help? Tell me what he said. He was using a spell, so all I heard was you two talking about bananas.”
Frowning, Erin repeated the gist of her conversation with Palt. Outside the kitchen, the Centaur was ducking Apista who was guarding the magical door. Lyonette exhaled when she heard Palt’s offer.
“Erin! Tell him yes! Ask him to help!”
“What? But I can’t do that! I’ll have to tell him—”
“You don’t know what you’re telling him yet! Guns are just one thing! And if it comes to it—tell him!”
“What?”
The [Innkeeper] was aghast. Lyonette leaned in and whispered fiercely to her.
“Someone else will! How many people from your world did Palt say Wistram has?”
“At—at least a dozen? I dunno. But Lyonette! Guns are—”
“It’s information, Erin! If you don’t tell him, one of the others will! Listen to me. Palt gave you an offer! It was fair, and you shot him down without even considering it! That’s not how you negotiate! Go back out there, tell him you want to discuss the matter, and get his help to call Montressa off Pisces and you!”
“But I’d have to help his faction! And they could be jerks!”
Lyonette’s red hair tossed as she shook her head.
