6.64
Page 30
The first root stabbed up. It went through Belt’s armor, spearing his left leg, shattering bone and metal. He screamed. The root pinned him, drawing blood. Tommie shouted.
“Belt!”
Then another root burst upwards. It went through the ensnaring vine, severing it. Tommie struggled, trying to get the severed part off him. He was halfway free—
A root went through his shoulder. Barbs tore flesh. The man stared at the bloody anchor in his shoulder. He began to scream. Belt was screaming, pulling at the root. But it was holding him, pulling him into the ground. Tommie looked up. And the Watchertree waited. They were bleeding. Tommie fumbled for a potion.
“Got to—heal up, Belt—cut it out—”
He drank. His flesh began to heal. But the root tore his wounds open. And then another root, a spear of plant, went through Tommie’s right leg. He stared up at the Watchertree. Then down at his bleeding body. He looked at the healing potion in his hand.
“No.”
They were trapped. Walt saw his two companions lying on the ground, being—being bled by the plant. He swore as Teriska held him down with his teammates.
“Let go!”
“We’re all infected! Don’t, Captain!”
“Let me go! Tommie! Belt! Hold on! Hear me?”
Walt was bellowing. But it was too late. The men were bleeding profusely. And the nearest team was—
Walt looked up. He heard a voice. He turned his head and stared.
One team was advancing across the grasslands. Faster than the adventurers on foot. Even the ones on horseback. They were heading towards Walt’s team with ropes, intending to drag them back. But the second team, riding a chariot, was headed straight for the Bloodfields.
“Go!”
The ice-chariot shot forwards as Ceria pointed. She was hanging on, her wand drawn. In front of her, Pisces was gritting his teeth, directing the bone horses. Yvlon and Ksmvr hung on in the back. They ignored Stan as he rode alongside them.
“Turn back! Turn back, damn it! You can’t get them! It’s a trap!”
“Pisces! Faster!”
Ceria ordered the [Necromancer]. Pisces nodded. The undead horses picked up speed. A thousand feet out, Stan turned his horse, swearing. He raced towards the Ensoldier Shields. And the Horns of Hammerad went on.
 
—-
 
“I can’t believe it. Are they idiots?”
From their hidden vantage point, the Wistram [Mages] stared down at the ice chariot. They’d been camping in the foothills, observing the Horns all day. It was Montressa’s obsession and Palt and Ulinde weren’t the only objectors to being forced to monitor the Horns. Even Beza and Isceil were chafing, and that left Palt hopeful.
But he hadn’t expected this. The ice chariot surged forwards, crossing into the red. Isceil looked delighted and incredulous.
“They’re actually going into the Bloodfields. Are they crazy? Those two adventurers are as good as dead! That entire team is!”
Montressa looked just as surprised. She’d been horrified and filled with loathing when she saw the undead horses. But this?
Beza half-rose. The Minotauress stared down at the tableau. The adventurers were in the aegis of the Watchertree. It would let them live, use potions, until they were out of blood to nourish it. It was a cruel death. Beza turned to Montressa.
“What do we do, Montressa?”
“Watch.”
The [Aegiscaster] hesitated. She half-rose. The brass orb rotating around her staff hummed. She hesitated. Turned back to her team. Palt held his breath, watching the four adventurers in the chariot. His promise to Erin. His eyes flicked up.
“Montressa—”
“Watch.”
 
—-
 
