6.65
Page 41
Grimalkin was nodding. The worst-case scenario was already appearing in his minds. He’d thought about it after hearing about the Raskghar attacks. The door was a weakness too.
“You—[Guardsman]. Did the door open after Miss Solstice warned you?”
“No, sir.”
The Drake saluted palely. Grimalkin nodded. Jelaqua stared at him.
“What do we…?”
“We wait. Send word to the Assembly and Strategist Chaldion. Pallass’ [Generals] too, everyone in the city. If the nest contains multiple adults, it must be purged before they escape.”
Grimalkin looked at the [Guards]. They were incredulous. But they moved at his words. He turned back to Jelaqua.
“If there are multiple adults, Pallass’ First Army will take to the Bloodfields at once.”
“It they hit the inn—”
Neither finished the sentence. Jelaqua turned back to the door.
“Hold on, boys. Hold on.”
The wooden doorframe cracked in her grip. Grimalkin opened his mouth. But he didn’t stop Jelaqua. He inhaled, feeling his muscles tense.
He waited. And he was counting too.
Twenty four minutes.
 
—-
 
Twenty four minutes had passed. Erin knew that—somehow. A part of her, a watchful, calculating part, was incredibly calm amid the rest of her. Someone had pulled her behind the lines and she was kneeling next to Numbtongue. The Hobgoblin was lucid but—in pain. The Creler poison was eating at him and the healing potions didn’t work against the parts hit by the poison. Mrsha was holding his hand as the Hobgoblin bit the rag in his mouth.
Twenty four minutes since the Crelers had overrun the adventurers. How long could they hold? With—
“Get Sergeant Relc on his feet now!”
Embria’s voice was bellowing at one of the [Healers]. The Gnoll was hunching his shoulders as Relc’s head lolled.
“It’s Creler poison, Wing Commander. I can’t cure it, only stop it!”
“I’m good. I just—I got tagged. I hate this feeling—Erin, you okay?”
Relc was gasping. His scales were pale. Erin looked at him. Embria knelt next to Relc.
“Yeah. You saved her, Dad. Not a scratch.”
“Hah! Takes more’n—where’s Klb? I gotta get up there—”
“Don’t move. You’ll make it worse! You can’t fight with Creler poison. They’ve stopped coming out of the inn.”
“Oh. Right. Let me just lie here and…”
Erin saw Embria rise. She heard more cursing from the side. Seborn was being treated as well.
“Damn. Damn Crelers—is Moore…?”
“I’m here. I—I’m okay.”
The half-Giant was lying. Parts of his chest had been eaten away. Only the [Healer] stopping his blood loss was keeping him alive. But the poison wasn’t as strong on such a huge body and the potions were working. Agonizingly slowly. Erin could see his muscles knitting together.
“He saved me. They were everywhere and he got them—”
Erin caught Embria as she stalked back to her position. The Wing Commander stared at Erin’s huge eyes. She jerked her head.
“That’s his job. Don’t worry, he’ll live. Watch Captain, Strategist! Wounded are stable! What news?”
Olesm and Zevara turned. The Watch Captain had surrounded the inn. The hill the Antinium had worked so hard to enlarge was torn to pieces. Creler bodies were everywhere, bombarded by the wall’s spells and hacked to death by the Watch and 4th Company. Zevara exhaled.
“We’re burning the bodies. But they’re in that inn. Your inn. Miss Solstice, our [Mages] found—”
“I know.”
Erin could feel them in there. They hadn’t emerged from the door. But they were inside. Hundreds. Maybe a thousand or more. Zevara eyed her. Then she stared up at the inn.
