6.65
Page 44
The Crelers saw the huge shape tear into the inn. They rustled. And Calruz turned. His eyes were red with blood. He saw the wall, the floor, shift. Crelers covered every surface. Glowing organs and black, twisted forms. Nightmares given life. A sleeping god’s musings.
Huge Crelers clicked, sensing their prey. It was alone. The Crelers raced forwards, one all-consuming hunger. Malicious thought given form. But the Minotaur only laughed. He swung his axe and bellowed a challenge.
They swarmed at him. He crushed them with his feet, striding into death. They tore his skin, bit his very bones. But they could not break him. He had already been broken once. His soul screamed one word.
Honor. The Minotaur roared and the Crelers fell back. His axe cleaved through a giant Creler’s torso. The Crelers surrounded him, cutting off his escape. But onwards the Minotaur charged.
Towards salvation.
Watch Captain Zevara heard Calruz’s scream. But she held her claw up. For one agonizing second. Then five. And in that moment, the Minotaur refused to die. He faced the thousands of Rhir’s nightmares alone. And they could not bring him down. Then she pointed.
“Go!”
The Watch surged up the hills. The first spell blew open the eastern wall. 4th Company, led by Embria, charged inside. Erin saw the walls exploding as spells brought them down. She stared, feeling her eyes sting. But it didn’t matter.
The walls of The Wandering Inn came down. [Guards] and adventurers flung magic and loosed arrows into the gaps. They advanced as a wave of skittering horrors broke across their ranks. And below, the first Antinium exploded up into the basement. Soldiers poured upwards, attacking the Crelers who’d fallen through the floorboards. They climbed up, grappling with Crelers, smashing them.
Yellow Splatters was the seventieth. He stepped over a fallen Soldier, charged, and met a Juvenile Creler. Anand was shouting.
“Flood the basement! Bring down the floor and go up the ramps!”
The inn was collapsing. Crelers boiled out the gaps. Erin saw them fighting with Drakes and Gnolls. Bringing them down. The few Silver-ranks able to fight were fighting alongside the Watch. Erin thought she heard Calruz’s roar. She pointed at the inn.
“Stop.”
[Inn’s Aura]. Erin focused it, her very being of the inn. As Calruz went through the door, as the Antinium swarmed upwards, Erin focused.
She began trembling. Olesm looked at her.
“Erin—”
Her hands were shaking uncontrollably. Then her entire body. Inside, the Crelers slowed. The Minotaur brought his axe down, crushing a massive Creler’s body. He roared, tearing them off him. The Crelers came at him. But slower. Just a touch—
“Erin! Stop! You can’t use an aura like that!”
Lyonette was grabbing at Erin. The [Innkeeper] didn’t hear her. The inn was breaking. So was her body. But the Crelers were slowing. They fought her. They fought the Watch, the adventurers, the Antinium. They fought and died. That was foregone. But it was taking too long.
Forty minutes.
Erin collapsed. She felt Lyonette and Olesm catch her. Her head was ringing. She realized later she’d burst a blood vessel in her nose and eye. It wasn’t bad.
Others had suffered worse. Zevara stood in the inn, looking around. Her voice didn’t tremble. She didn’t let it.
“Calruz?”
The Crelers were dead. They were hacked to pieces, vaporized. The Watch was still making sure they were dead. The basement was a sea of bodies. Some of them Antinium.
