6.65
Page 8
He happily galloped towards the eastern gate. Montressa first. He’d present Erin with everything she wanted and then they’d nail down the deal over a meal. Take it slow. But there were first steps, and Palt intended to make this day one he’d remember. Should he get her flowers? But that was so trite and she wasn’t going to eat them…
The Centaur laughed as he ran out of the city. He smiled as his heart leapt. It was going to be a special day, he knew. Because it was today!
This day.
 
—-
 
Ceria was worried about Pisces after the awkward, tense confrontation in the inn. But the [Necromancer] didn’t seem too bothered. Indeed, he even made a small joke as they entered the grasslands bordering the Bloodfields for work.
“One would imagine venturing into the Bloodfields, battling a Watchertree, and nearly being consumed by insects would merit us a day off.”
The half-Elf blinked. Then she laughed, relieved.
“That’s because we’re soft. I bet Master Reikhle doesn’t see it that way. See? He’s already at work!”
The Gnoll [Master Builder] was indeed already chivvying his workers at the road. It was sloping upwards, heading into the foothills, and the Gnoll was shouting orders.
“Stone! Yes, lay the foundations! I don’t care how fast it has to be—we’re making this part out of stone!”
He was pointing at the road, which would cut into the foothills around the Bloodfields to pass south towards Pallass. Ceria wondered if that would slow the pace of the road; it was being built incredibly fast! Already, the road stretched for miles, and she’d heard a second team was connecting it to Liscor’s eastern gate.
A scrum of people not being shouted at caught Ceria’s eye. She paused and whistled. Yvlon had already seen and raised both her brows.
“That’s a lot of adventurers! Is something going on?”
She pointed ahead. The Horns picked up the pace, heading for more Silver-rank teams. But not the usual five or six. Ceria’s jaw dropped.
“Dead gods. Nine, twelve—fourteen teams? Everyone’s here!”
She recognized all the teams who’d signed up on the first day in Liscor’s Adventurer’s Guild. Even a few native Liscorian teams of Drakes and Gnolls. But mainly Humans. Ceria waved to Alais and Stan in the back as Yvlon nodded at Kam and her team. Hauntgheist, Thunder’s Solace, the Boltspitters—even the Ensoldier Shields were here! Walt’s team was back after yesterday’s dire battle.
“Ceria! Good to see you! Your team’s not on a break?”
“Not us! We’re back at work. But what about your guys, Walt?”
“Hah! It’ll take more than a few hits to knock us down! Tommie and Belt are fine. See?”
He pointed out the two warriors. Both men had holes in their armor and were wincing, but the healing potions had put them back on their feet. They waved and came over as the Horns were welcomed among the teams. Walt slapped Pisces on the shoulder and the [Necromancer] winced. But Walt was trying.
“We still owe your team more drinks! You slipped away. Dead gods, but your Antinium guy can put them away.”
“I was sufficiently inebriated. Hello, Captain Walt. Hello, Captain Alais. Captain Crossbow Stan.”
Ceria laughed as Stan and Alais came over. They nodded to her. Things were even easier among them now. And even Pisces being welcomed. Not as easily, but Walt kept slapping Pisces on the back. He’d shown them. Ceria smiled, then saw Yvlon gesturing at the huge group.
“Why are all the teams present, Stan?”
Crossbow Stan shrugged. He was yawning and shaking his head.
