6.65
Page 34
Yvlon was running next to them, her helmet missing. The woman’s hair was streaming as she turned her head. Pisces was stumbling, clutching at his side where he’d been hit by a spell. Ksmvr was pointing back. Saying something.
“We’ll never make it!”
Alais had seen the same thing. She screamed, and the adventurers looked back at her. Fourteen teams, but even the fastest were falling. Ahead of them, a group on horseback vanished as the adult spat something again and it cut the armored horses to pieces.
Ceria saw the crater appear, realized she was running towards it. Ksmvr dragged her to one side and she stared at—nothing. She couldn’t even see what the Creler had spat, it was buried so deep in the earth.
“The door’s not opening. And we’re not going to outrun them.”
Stan wheezed. The second time, his words registered. Ceria saw the Gnolls and Drakes pounding on the door. She looked back. The leading wave of Crelers was less than four hundred feet away. Closing.
It was Yvlon who broke the silence. She was running beside Ceria, blood leaking from one of the gauntlets. She laughed, and it sounded like despair in Ceria’s ears. She turned her head and met Ceria’s eyes.
“Again. It’s happening again.”
Skinner. Ceria saw Gerial’s face. She opened her eyes and met Yvlon’s gaze. Ksmvr was screaming at them.
“Yvlon, we must keep running. Go, and I will ensure you reach the door!”
Ksmvr’s voice was a shout. Pisces looked at Ceria.
“I can carry you. But the door’s not open. We won’t make it.”
In that perfect moment, Ceria saw the future. She saw Yvlon turn. Around them, adventurers were looking back. Counting. Realizing the same thing.
Ceria met Pisces’ eyes. She looked around at her team and slowed.
“Not all of us. Everyone, run. We’ll buy you time.”
The Ensoldier Shields stopped. Walt bellowed as they fell into line. Captain Kam raised her bow. Crossbow Stan stopped and turned, already firing. Half his team ran past him. Alais hesitated. But Ceria was looking about. Montressa stared back at them.
“Ceria! Ceria!”
She saw Ksmvr whirl, pointing. Yvlon had already stopped as she lifted her blade. And Pisces? Ceria stared at him as he slowed, still running. She looked at him. And then at the Crelers.
“Horns of Hammerad—”
 
—-
 
Erin Solstice was making lunch in her kitchen when she felt it. She fell to her knees as her head exploded. But the next moment she was on her feet.
[Dangersense]. It was the loudest Erin had ever heard it. Louder than the Face-Eater Moths. Louder than anything. Erin dropped the ladle she’d been holding. She ran.
The common room was full of laughter when the [Innkeeper] burst out of the kitchen. People were watching the Players of Celum on stage, performing. Erin stumbled out, and a few heads turned.
“Something’s coming! Get out! Get out!”
Her voice made heads turn. Drassi looked up from the bar she was manning. Lyonette, feeding Mrsha her lunch, paused, in patting sauce off her lips. In Octavia’s shop, Numbtongue glanced up at the door.
“Something wrong, Erin?”
Relc paused over his third drink. Erin whirled. Why weren’t they—
“Something is coming. My [Dangersense] just went off! Run! It’s bad! Worse than Skinner!”
Relc’s face went slack. Erin felt like she was trapped in an [Immortal Moment]. She looked around. Temile was on his feet. Ishkr was stopped, a tray of empty mugs in one hand.
“Worse than…?”
“My [Dangersense] isn’t going off.”
A Drake began at a table close by. Erin turned.
“Numbtongue!”
