6.65
Page 28
“Look. The spore patch is gone. I know where it was. There! But it’s gone, Pelico.”
Desril came to the conclusion after the fourth pass. He pointed, indicating a patch of ground.
“Gone? You sure you’re not looking in the wrong place, Desril?”
The former [Raider] glared at his leader.
“I’m sure. You can see there’s some shit there. Left over, like. But the spores’re gone. Maybe they did their job? Maybe Walt’s team has them growing in them.”
“They were checked over by a [Healer]. It can’t be that.”
“Maybe the spores’re just one-use, then? The plant dies and comes back later? Like mushrooms.”
Another member of Hauntgheist offered. She adjusted her goggles to see, frowning. Pelico nodded. Nothing would surprise him around the Bloodfields. Even so—the [Rogue] shifted. His [Dangersense] wasn’t going off wildly, as it should near the Bloodfields. But he knew that was because there was a trap ahead. [Dangersense] was tricky. It only gave you a little bit of warning. Traps and the like you got a few seconds. Well, it was actually going off now; he knew the Bloodfields were dangerous.
“Perhaps something ate ‘em? Blood Slimes, maybe. Or those insects. The Bloodfields have to devour themselves to survive, right?”
Another [Rogue] offered. He eyed the Bloodfields and Hauntgheist shrugged. Frustrated Desril turned to Pelico.
“What do we do? We’ve gotta see the spores to get paid, right?”
“Maybe there are more. We’ll keep moving a few more miles. There are definitely more spore patches.”
No one in Hauntgheist liked that idea. Pelico grimaced.
“We’ll do it at a distance. Maybe borrow horses or—or the Horn’s chariot. Scout around the outside. We’ll reconnect with the teams first. Don’t worry; we’re not going further without a lot of support.”
The adventurers relaxed. They nodded at the commonsense idea. Then Desril pointed, frowning.
“Hey, what’s that?”
“What’s what?”
Hauntgheist turned back. The [Raider] pointed again. There was something past the spore patch. A large…odd…area. Not the usual red of the Bloodfields. Brown, in fact. Dead and lifeless.
“That brown spot. It looks dead, not like something else is growing there. See? There’s just no vegetation like a Watchertree would leave. The Bloodfields are just…dead, there.”
Pelico frowned, staring at the spot.
“Walt did mention that. That’s—strange. It looks dead.”
“Dead is good to me! Should we check it out, Captain? If we could investigate and find out why we might earn our pay—”
“No.”
Pelico and half of the seasoned adventurers immediately overruled the idea. The [Rogue] shook his head.
“It might be a trap. Or poison. Or something. Maybe nothing, but we don’t get anywhere close. That’s just idiotic. Let’s wait for a request, huh? And it had better be a good one. Look, one more pass and we’ll call it in to Master Reikhle. The other teams found nothing.”
He pointed ahead, at a team of Drakes similarly geared, checking out another patch of the Bloodfields about three thousand feet ahead. Pelico cast a troubled glance at the empty place Desril had pointed out. The spores were indeed gone.
As Hauntgheist moved slowly forwards, some of them began to debate what the brown spot was.
“What could kill the Bloodfields? Salt? Fire? It just regrows! People have tried even drying the area out, but the Bloodfields are just too tough.”
Desril frowned. He glanced at the dead zone. Far wider than what any one Watchertree would leave, true. And there was no distinctive towering plant, either. He muttered to Pelico.
