6.65
Page 17
“No. I’m not going to walk away.”
The other [Mages] paused. Beza stirred uneasily. Montressa was too still. And she wasn’t blinking. She looked at Beza, then Isceil.
“He’s a monster. You came with me to hunt him down. You promised.”
Isceil flicked his tongue out uncertainly.
“Yeah, but if the Academy’s pulled their order—”
“I didn’t get it.”
Montressa turned. Palt exclaimed.
“Ask them! Montressa!”
“I didn’t get it. So I’m going to do what I came here to do.”
“You can’t do that—”
Montressa whirled. She planted her staff and Palt saw the magic flare too late. The bolt of reduced lightning was still a bolt and it knocked him flat off his hooves.
“Palt!”
“Montressa! You can’t—”
Beza froze as Montressa aimed the staff at her. Montressa spoke dreamily. But Palt, looking up, dazed, trying to breathe, saw too late that he’d made a mistake. The young woman had snapped. Montressa du Valeross looked at Isceil and Beza.
“I’m going to get him. And you’re going to help me. If you get in my way, I’ll hurt you. But you promised, Beza. He’s a monster. A murderer. Are you coming or not?”
The Minotauress paused. She looked at Isceil. The [Oldblood Magus] hesitated. Then he got to his feet.
“Isceil!”
Ulinde was fumbling for a healing potion as she knelt by Palt. The Drake looked at her. He bared his teeth in an apologetic smile.
“I agree with Montressa. And I have a score to settle. Let’s go.”
He turned. Montressa leapt from the rocks. Beza turned. She wavered. Palt gasped something at her.
“Don’t—”
The Minotauress looked down at him. Then she shook her head.
“Some things you can’t forgive. Don’t get in our way.”
She turned and followed. Palt struggled to his hooves.
“No.”
It was supposed to be a wonderful day.
 
—-
 
Ceria was smiling, watching Pisces working. And the [Necromancer] was working. He had ten skeletons and an undead horse moving, helping the road’s construction. The other workers were wary, but the undead worked silently and without rest. Master Reikhle was already thinking of ways to send them ahead so he wouldn’t have to look at them.
“Clear the road in advance. Yes, we could do that.”
“They creep me the hell out.”
Walt muttered. And his voice was far from the only one expressing the same sentiment. But—the undead were there. Not killing anyone. People saw what Pisces was doing. And that was enough. Ceria thought it was enough.
But then someone called out. At first, all the adventurers shot up. But Hauntgheist and the other teams had barely begun their circuit outside the Bloodfields. There was no danger from them.
But down it came. Out of the mountains. Leaping from rock to rock, slowed by the [Featherfall] spell. Ceria’s heart lurched as she saw her old friend.
Montressa du Valeross. Followed by Isceil and Beza. No—Palt and Ulinde were following, but slower. The three [Mages] strode towards the construction site.
“Hey! This is our site! You can’t just—”
A [Taskmaster] strode up, angry at the unexpected visitors. Montressa raised her staff. Lightening shot from the brass orb orbiting it, earthing feet from the Gnoll. He ran backwards, alarmed.
“Oh hells, she doesn’t look happy. Pisces—”
“I see her. Ksmvr! Get over here!”
Yvlon checked her sword, taking hold of it. Pisces turned and the undead slowed. They collapsed, bones flowing back towards him. Master Reikhle shouted in fury. But then he turned and saw.
Ceria found herself drawing her wand. Her instincts told her to do so. Not just them either. Her [Dangersense] was going off again.
“Steady. It’s those Wistram bastards.”
