6.65
Page 15
Reikhle looked at Pisces and Ceria and the adventurers following him. It was Yvlon who replied.
“Undead workers. Master Reikhle. Skeletons. We thought you could use extra workers.”
“I don’t need—”
The Gnoll hesitated. He stared at the skeletons. Alais nudged Pisces.
“That wasn’t bad. But can they run?”
Silently, Pisces pointed. The skeletons charged back the way they’d come and began grabbing pieces of stone, loose rocks, and piling them into a sack. When one was filled, a skeleton grabbed it, hoisted it up with the worst lifting technique imaginable, and ran back.
It wasn’t fast, with the weight on its back, but it was faster than any of the Drake or Gnoll [Haulers] who weren’t about to run. And it was less than they could carry, it was true. Drakes and Gnolls stood aside, watching as the skeleton deposited the bag in the trough.
“But they’re undead.”
Someone commented softly. And yet—Master Reikhle was watching the skeleton charge back. The others had already filled another sack.
And that was the thing about the undead. You could look at them and imagine them turning on you. The adventurers had seen it. The potential for what they were was there. But—they didn’t tire. They didn’t slow. And they were completely expendable. They followed orders to a fault.
Slowly, the Gnoll [Master Builder] rubbed his fur. It was still standing up. But after a few cautious sniffs, he turned towards Pisces. He nodded towards the work.
“My team can do all of that. There’s no need! Hrr. But tell me. There’s rocks to break up ahead to smooth the road. Those things. Can they use a pickaxe?”
And the moment continued. Ceria saw Pisces raise his brows. His lips quirked for a second.
“Of course. I can also animate horses. If you needed something to traverse the rocky terrain. I’m at your disposal, Master Reikhle.”
 
—-
 
Palt didn’t gallop all the way to the Bloodfields, but he was still breathing hard when he arrived. Even a Centaur took a while to get there, and he did not like rocky inclines. But he made it. Just in time to hear Montressa’s voice.
“No. No. Nononononono—what are they doing?”
The [Aegiscaster] was staring down at the road. At the ten skeletons hard at work, helping create a smooth incline for the road to ramp upwards. She was white-faced, pale.
“Montressa, it’s alright. It’s just skeletons. [Calm]—”
Palt reached for her. The young woman slapped his hands away. She stared around.
“Are you seeing this? They’re using undead! They’re using his undead!”
“I see it. Idiots.”
Isceil spat over the cliff. Beza just shook her head.
“Like using Golems. Don’t they see those things will take away their jobs?”
“I don’t know. There’s work to go round. And it’s not much worse than Golems, is it?”
Ulinde flinched as Montressa whirled on her. The young woman’s eyes were wide.
“They’re monsters. Both of them! You can’t trust—they’re letting him do it.”
“It’s only ten skeletons. I could take them out without even using my hands.”
Beza began, but Montressa wasn’t listening. She pointed, hands shaking.
“I’m going to stop it. They don’t know—they don’t see what’s going to happen!”
“Montressa! Nothing’s going to happen! This isn’t Wistram!”
Palt panted, catching his breath. He felt annoyed at having to work so hard. But—this was it. He looked at her.
“Montressa, it’s over. You need to stop fixating on Pisces.”
“What? No it’s not. We’ll go down there. Now. Everyone on me.”
She turned to him distractedly. Palt shook his head. he saw Ulinde, Beza, and Isceil look up.
