6.65
Page 37
Moore threw one of the Players through the window. The half-Giant whirled, planting his staff in the ground.
“[Earthen Spire]!”
A huge pillar of earth rose, smashing the floorboards and impaled one of the Junior Crelers. But only one. They were still coming. And the half-Giant was a target.
“[Flurry Blades]!”
Seborn flashed around Moore, stabbing so fast he could barely see his own arms. Crelers died around him, but more were biting him, tearing at him. He felt the poison entering his blood and howled.
“Moore!”
“Where’s Erin?”
The half-Giant turned desperately, swinging his staff and throwing another spire of earth up. Erin had been by the door. She was d—
Relc emerged from the sea of Crelers, his spear blurring. He tore Erin out of the sea of bodies. Seborn seemed slow compared to him. The [Spearmaster] was roaring, killing the Crelers around him as he fought for the door.
None of them touched Erin. But they swarmed over the Drake, biting, tearing. Their fangs pierced his scales. Relc impaled a huge Creler charging him through the head. It kept coming and the [Sergeant] staggered. He tore another off him as Erin threw a potion. The Tripvines slowed the Crelers for a moment, but they began eating the bag and vines!
“Poison. Damn, damn—”
“Potion!”
Erin yanked open the door, grabbing for her belt. Seborn pointed.
“Moore!”
The half-Giant screamed; Crelers were burrowing into his side, trying to eat him alive! Seborn flashed over and stabbed until the Creler was dead. Relc roared as he held the door.
“Healing potions don’t work! Move!”
The Halfseekers turned. They went through the Crelers, grabbing the last living person in the inn. Temile’s thumb was missing, and the Actor was bit so badly he couldn’t move.
Moore bellowed and threw one of the huge Crelers into the sea pursuing them. The half-Giant staggered, turned and ran. He was bitten down to the bone.
“Go. The city.”
Relc’s breath was growing slower. His spear never stopped moving as Erin dragged Temile out. The Halfseekers ran as Seborn stopped.
“Go.”
The [Rogue] turned. Moore stopped. He looked back, then seized Temile. The man in his arms, he charged down the hill. Seborn and Relc held the door for a second. Five. Ten.
The Crelers covered them, biting, eating—
 
—-
 
“La, la. I am Bird. It is noisy down there. I am Bird. That is a good word. Bird. Birds.”
Bird sat in his tower. He was munching on one of the birds he’d let sit out for a few hours to get nice and squishy. He wasn’t supposed to eat them, especially when they had wriggly things, but he wanted to and he didn’t have to tell Erin. He listened, hearing the commotion below.
“Something is very loud.”
The [Bird Hunter] stood up. He heard screams. Then saw people rushing out the door. The Antinium’s head jerked up. Those were not good screams. He drew an arrow, looking about.
“Bad things? Bad birds?”
Then he saw the first red, insectile shape crawl out of the windows and appear in his line of sight. Bird froze, but his bow did not. The arrow nailed the Creler pursuing Ishkr to the ground. Bird stared. Then he began to scream.
“Alarm! Creler attack! Alarm! ALARM.”
They were coming out of the inn! The Worker saw Drakes and Gnolls fleeing in every direction, then turning to the city. Bells were already ringing in Liscor, but there was no army here to stop the tide of Crelers.
