6.65
Page 45
The floor was collapsing into the basement in places. And the upper floors were exposed, falling to pieces as the destroyed rafters and support beams began to tear down the inn.
Erin walked through her home in a dream. A Minotaur lay next to a table. She bent to check if he was breathing.
Forty-five minutes.
“Erin, stay back! We need to sweep the area—”
“The door.”
It was blank. Out of magic. Erin looked around.
“I need [Mages].”
“Get me [Mages]! Now! Erin, stand back! If that door opens and the Crelers come out—”
Zevara roared. Embria took up a position.
“4th Company, assemble!”
Forty seven minutes.
The door flickered open. Erin saw milling Crelers—but the Watch Captain slammed the door too fast. She switched the dial.
“Zevara!”
“Pallass!”
Zevara snarled at Olesm. She yanked the door open and Grimalkin appeared.
“Seborn! Moore!”
Jelaqua hurtled through the doorway. She stared at the carnage in the inn. Grimalkin’s eyes widened. There was a gasp from the other side.
“Watch Captain, status?”
“We have the Crelers in the inn! There is still an adult and possibly more than half left in the Bloodfields!”
“I understand.”
Grimalkin stepped through the door. Zevara closed it. She turned the dial to the Bloodfields. Klbkch was in the inn, arguing with Yellow Splatters and the Antinium.
“Watch Captain, the Free Antinium are not permitted to march without direct authorization from you and the Council—”
“Where’s Seborn? Moore?”
“They’re alive. But the Horns—”
“Oh, no.”
Jelaqua turned. Zevara turned to Grimalkin.
“Magus Grimalkin, take an advance party. Gold-ranks only, and Wing Commander Embria’s best! The Watch will reinforce the Gold-rank teams in the dungeon and cover their escape! Strategist Olesm, take twelve squads and Jeiss and Beilmark! The rest will follow me through the door. Anyone who can still fight!”
“Hang back. Taking an unprepared army against an adult is a slaughter. They can fire projectiles and they’re resistant to magic. I cannot protect the Watch—”
Fifty minutes.
Erin wanted to scream. But every second was a delay. Zevara was nodding.
“Magus Grimalkin will clear the way. We go on his signal. If there are multiple adults, we retreat at once! But an adult cannot be allowed to escape and breed! Form up!”
The Watch was flooding the inn. Yellow Splatters moved out of the basement. Anand grabbed Erin, speaking to her. She pointed.
Fifty-six minutes.
Grimalkin. Embria and three [Captains] and their [Lieutenants]. Jelaqua. Tekshia. A Gold-rank team. The [Sinew Magus] looked around.
“On my mark.”
Fifty nine minutes.
He held up four claws. Counted down. Erin watched him swing the door open. The [Sinew Magus] pointed. There was an explosion.
“Go!”
Jelaqua leapt through first. The others surged through after her. Zevara and Yellow Splatters waited until they heard Grimalkin’s voice. Then they were coming through.
One hour.
Erin watched the Watch disappear. The others fell back, Relc was there, leaning on one of the [Guards]. He stared through the open door, cursed. Erin wanted to see, but the others were holding her back.
One hour. Maybe longer.
“Pull back to the city. Wounded first! I want [Archers] on the walls! Wall spells ready to go! Encircle the inn—[Guards] on horseback only! Prepare to engage and fall back if Captain Zevara retreats!”
Relc bellowed. The [Guards] stared at him. The Drake howled at them.
“Move!”
They flooded out of the inn. Erin tried to go for the door. She had to see. But hands were pulling her back. Anand was speaking.
“Belgrade, form up the strike force at the entrance to the Hive—”
“Are they alive? Are they—”
