6.65
Page 36
“It’s open! Run!”
The wave of Gnolls and Drakes poured into the inn, knocking Erin off her feet. The crowd gathered around her drew back as the workers charged into them. The Drakes and Gnolls didn’t care; they scrambled over each other, shouting.
“Move! They’re right on us!”
“Dead gods! Dead g—”
“Warn the Watch! They’re here!”
“What? What?”
Relc fought the Drakes off him. He seized an arm. Master Reikhle turned.
“Crelers!”
The first Creler scuttled through, mandibles tearing. It went straight for Erin. A spear came down. Relc ran it through, but the Creler kept moving. The Drake stared at the hideous thing, nearly a third of Mrsha’s size. Then he looked up.
“Oh—”
They poured through the door. The adventurers came with them, fighting, screaming. The inn turned to chaos as everyone went for the doors. Erin stared. She saw the first huge Creler barrel through, biting a fleeing adventurer, sawing his spine in half with one snap. The dead man fell, blood spraying her. She stared at the huge Creler. At the hundreds, pouring in.
“Out the door! Go!”
Those inside the inn were fleeing towards the actual door. Erin took a step forwards. Her magical door was open. And the Crelers were pouring through. They were covering the last people who’d come through. They were already—
They came for her. Erin kicked, felt one race up her leg, so fast. It opened its mandibles, coming for her face. She had to close the door—
“Erin!”
Relc bellowed. He tore the Creler off Erin, taking her skin with it. The [Guardsman] roared as his spear flashed in every direction. Giant Crelers were forcing their way through the door. Erin slashed at one. She was surrounded—
“The windows!”
Lyonette screamed as the Crelers filled the inn. She whirled, Mrsha in her arms and ran. She fumbled at Erin’s windows. Unlatched one. The Crelers covered Drakes and Gnolls fleeing at the door, ran at her.
A Juvenile Creler, up to her chest and longer than she was, charged at her. The [Princess] screamed, trying to force Mrsha out the door. Apista was trying to sting it, but the Ashfire Bee couldn’t even penetrate the armor. Lyonette pushed Mrsha out as the Creler reared up, biting, tearing—
Numbtongue threw himself forwards, grappling with the giant. He roared at Lyonette.
“Get out!”
She scrambled for the window as the Hobgoblin screamed. Something bit into Lyonette’s shoulder, tearing flesh like paper. She screamed and tore it off. Apista flew past her as Mrsha dragged her out. But Numbtongue was still in the inn, fighting the Creler.
It bit him repeatedly as the Hobgoblin shoved it back. He slashed with his sword, but the steel rebounded off the shell. He whirled.
“Erin—”
Crelers poured up his leg. Four of them. The [Bard] tore them off, saw two huge pinchers. He jumped back. Stared at his exposed stomach.
“You’re dying. There are too many for me or you. Run.”
A Hobgoblin stared at Numbtongue. Reiss grabbed Numbtongue as the Hobgoblin fell against a table, staring at his organs.
“Get up and run!”
Pyrite moved Numbtongue’s body. He threw Numbtongue out a window, smashing through the glass. Crelers came after him. Lyonette screamed, but Pyrite was smashing a potion on Numbtongue’s stomach.
“Run.”
“Erin—”
Pyrite looked back once. Then he grabbed Lyonette and Mrsha and ran for the city.
 
—-
 
Drakes and Gnolls flooded out the inn’s doors, screaming. They ran for the city as the Crelers poured out the inn. Only a handful were left, fighting for the doors. Seborn cursed as he looked around.
“Move!”
