6.65
Page 6
“They have the Heartflame Breastplate, Zassil. They don’t need the potion. Dead gods, but I’d love to try it on myself, even if I couldn’t fly!”
Kin looked envious. Even Bevussa nodded; she’d been raised among Drakes and the famous Heartflame Breastplate stirred feelings of awe and envy in her feathered chest as well.
“They’re just renting it from Miss Shivertail. Can’t we do it after them, Bevussa?”
“And do what? Turn into a land-bound team, Zassil?”
“Well, maybe it’s light enough to fly in? And if it’s not, one of us could stay on the ground. They’d be just as safe with that artifact on! Have you seen the flames?”
“Keldrass is paying for it and I’m not wasting gold on something we don’t need. The Flamewardens can pay to use the armor.”
“And we pay to drink Scale Soup? That’s a terrible tradeoff, boss!”
The Wings laughed. So did Bevussa, but she shook her head.
 
“Let’s think about it, team. Erin’s food isn’t as good as, say, a Stoneskin Scroll like the one that we bought from that Minotauress, but it’s a tiny fraction of the cost! And it’s pretty good!”
She thumped a fist on her chest for emphasis. Her skin was tougher now, like leather. Zassil, Issa, and Kin nodded reluctantly. Bevussa gestured back the way they’d parted with the Flamewardens.
“It doesn’t make much difference if you’ve got armor. Some, but anything that can go through plate mail will go through her enchantment. But if you’re wearing light armor or nothing at all? The Scale Soup was made for our team!”
The Wings of Pallass stopped in front of a barricade. Zassil muttered.
“It still tastes like Wyvern shit melted into a pot.”
“True, but it’ll keep you alive. So eat it. I’m actually thinking of asking Erin if she can make it more palatable. She said she forgot how to make it the other way.”
“Why doesn’t she sell more of it? Dead gods, if it tasted good I’d eat it all the time.”
“Lack of interest? Apparently to make it she melted like, eight pots and nearly killed herself a few times. I’ll talk with her. But no complaining. Now, let’s get to it.”
Bevussa checked the barricades, unlatching the bolts with Issa. Beyond this point lay unfamiliar territory. Monsters, and treasure.
“Think we’ll get a haul today, boss? Something we don’t have to gamble for, like with the Raskghar? I’m still mad about that armor! Did Keldrass say he finally got it appraised?”
“No. What is it?”
“It’s classified as Siegespell Armor. It might be a variant, but it’s close to Named-rank gear.”
Zassil hissed as Bevussa shoved the barricade aside. She reached for her shortsword, grimacing. She felt exactly like the rest of her team.
“Damn. That’s not fair! We didn’t get nearly as much for our share!”
“It’s luck of the draw, Zassil. But let’s all be on the lookout for secret rooms, huh? If there’s magical armor and an invisible bow and whatnot in this dungeon, there’s something for us. Stay sharp and on me! Kin, take point!”
The Wings of Pallass straightened and nodded. Bevussa watched Kin take the lead and followed after, Zassil in the rear after Issa. Her team got to work. It was an ordinary day. But it could turn special or dire in a second. She just wished she could get the damn soup’s taste out of her mouth!
 
—-
 
Palt, the Centaur [Illusionist] had not had breakfast at The Wandering Inn. He hadn’t really had breakfast; just a few oat snacks he’d eaten while talking. Negotiating, really. He was yawning, tired from an early morning. Dawn, practically. But the Ullsinoi faction had been in heated conference last night, and they’d come to a decision as promised.
