6.65
Page 31
A Skill meant to kill people. The Minotauress’ eyes went wide as the enchanted sword curved impossibly fast, changing its position. Her arms were in the wrong place. Beza staggered as the enchanted sword cut her deep across the pelvis.
Yvlon halted the cut, swung the other way. The second cut tore into Beza’s arms. It lodged in bone. The [Spellscribe] bellowed in pain. And she tore away.
One arm hung limply as Beza fumbled for a scroll. She dropped it as Yvlon charged her. The Minotauress stumbled back, lost her footing. She fell. Yvlon swung her sword up.
“I yield.”
Beza gasped. Her eyes were wide in her head. Montressa turned. Yvlon looked at her bloody sword. She stared down at the Minotauress, shielding her head with her one good arm. Yvlon closed her eyes. Then she opened them. And they were cold.
“…No.”
“Stop! Don’t make me kill you, Montressa!”
Montressa blasted away Ceria’s last barrier of ice. The half-Elf aimed her wand at Montressa. The [Aegiscaster] stopped. Ceria aimed at Montressa’s heart. And Pisces slowed.
“Beza.”
Isceil pointed his wand at the Minotauress. Montressa, breathing hard, stared at Ceria. Her staff was glowing. Her barrier intact. Pisces looked at both stalemates. He glanced at his hand. And then at Isceil.
The Drake was looking at him. Flames and electricity crackled out of his mouth as he spoke.
“Try it.”
Pisces turned. He had two targets. The Drake and Montressa, battling Ceria. The Ring of [Shatterbolt] glowed on his hand. His rapier rose in the other.
Isceil aimed his wand at Yvlon as Pisces lifted his hand. The Drake’s mouth opened as he inhaled.
The magical ring flashed.
Pisces hesitated. Ceria looked up at Montressa. Why did it have to come to this? The [Aegiscaster] stared down at the half-Elf. And Yvlon swung her sword down at the yielding Minotauress.
It was just an ordinary day. But it mattered because it was today. This kind of day.
This—
The ground exploded. Pelico turned. He saw the Bloodfields erupt. A shower of dirt fountained up into the air, from the brown patch of land. The [Rogue] Captain stared.
It wasn’t his fault. Or even Yvlon’s. Her blood had awoken them. But it was no one person’s fault. Hauntgheist hadn’t done anything to provoke them. None of the adventurers had, really.
They hadn’t gone near the dead patch in the Bloodfields. Or provoked anything after their encounter with the Watchertree. But that didn’t matter. What rose, seething, hungry from the depths didn’t need a reason. It only needed food.
The brown spot. It wasn’t a trick. It wasn’t some ruse. It was exactly what Desril had said. Dead land, in the middle of the Bloodfields. But how was that possible? The red wastes had survived fire and salt, every effort to kill them off. It had survived cold and drought.
What could kill the Bloodfields? No—not kill. Pelico stared up and realized what the truth was. Not kill. Eat. Something had eaten the rich vegetation of the Bloodfields. Had preyed on it, like the Bloodfields preyed on other creatures. But what could do that?
Crelers could. Something was moving in the ground, two miles distant. Pelico stared. It was as large as a house. Larger. In the red earth, something stared at him and laughed.
It rose out of the ground and kept rising. The wet soil fell around it, exposing an armor of blades. Scuttling legs. Wings. A terrible maw. And eyes. Sunken sockets. Too many limbs to count. And it rose still larger. Pelico stared up at it.
