6.65
Page 24
“Neither side’s in danger yet. They’re both equally matched. Wait. If we stop them, it’ll just turn into a feud later. Watch—and pray the Horns win. If we step in, it has to be at the right moment.”
Alais hesitated. Then she heard a roar. Isceil had inhaled for another breath attack and Ceria had pointed both wand and fingers.
Six [Ice Spikes] hit the Drake’s barrier and one got through. He stumbled backwards, swearing, as one of the deadly shards of ice struck him in the chest. Alais expected him to fall. But—the Drake regained his balance.
“Armor spells. You can’t take me, half-Elf!”
He snarled as he shot a volley of magical bolts back at Ceria. The half-Elf didn’t respond. She was ducking forwards, conjuring more walls of ice. Isceil darted left, inhaling again—
He ran over a patch of ice and slipped. His blast of lightning shot into the air and some of the arcs lanced downwards towards the adventurers wearing armor. They moved back even further as Isceil tried to roll to his feet. And Ceria ran.
“She’s going into close range!”
The [Cryomancer] shoulder-charged the Drake as he got up. His first spell cracked her [Ice Armor], but then she was on him. Ceria advanced, slashing with the dagger in her hand. The Drake backed up, cursing, wide-eyed.
“This is a duel! You call yourself a [Mag—”
He ducked a cut and aimed his wand. Ceria felt the flames engulf her, but the Drake was too unsteady to use more than a Tier 2 spell.
Now!
She tackled the Drake to the ground and then they were rolling. She slashed and bit, magical spells blasting from both wands. The Drake tried to fight her off. Beza and Yvlon raced past them, fighting, ducking back. Yvlon grunted as she ducked one of Beza’s swings. But the Minotauress was wary of her sword. Twice, Yvlon had slashed her down to the bone.
“What is that sword? It’s nearly cutting that Minotauress in half!”
Walt exclaimed. Yvlon’s sword flashed as Beza ducked back. But then she charged in and copied Ceria’s move. Yvlon went sprawling back as Beza tried to grab her. But the Minotauress couldn’t grapple; Yvlon’s fist caught her in the face and the [Wounded Warrior] got up. Her slash nearly cut Beza’s horns off.
Lightning flashed past Yvlon, some of it earthing on her armor. Yvlon staggered, turning. Montressa blasted more lightning and both Beza and Yvlon sprang clear. Pisces was a blur, avoiding lightning, throwing spells back at Montressa. But theirs was a stalemate.
“Stay away! Stay away!”
Montressa was screaming at the [Necromancer] as she blasted another skeleton apart. She screamed, wildly sweeping her staff and blowing a Bone Horror to pieces. She was enmeshed in her barrier spells which soaked up each of Pisces’ attacks. Each time he took down one of the outer layers she conjured another one. It was a stalemate. She couldn’t hit him yet and he—
He ducked in, slashing across Montressa’s face. She recoiled, caught herself as her barrier flashed—aimed her staff. Pisces disappeared. But then one of the skeletons rose. Montressa’s shriek was followed by a [Chain Lighting] spell. It blasted the bones so far away that it nearly hit the observers. The [Aegiscaster] was panicking as Pisces harassed her with undead.
“He’s baiting her spells with the undead. Trying to wear her down. That’s the only way.”
Ulinde whispered. The Selphid had the best view and eye for the battle. The [Spellslinger] watched as Palt clenched his hands. He couldn’t move; Ksmvr was aiming at both him and Ulinde and the Centaur couldn’t race an arrow.
“We have to stop—damn.”
