6.65
Page 30
Kam froze. She stared at the Drake adventurer standing next to her. He was resting his claw on the hilt of the bullwhip he carried as the shortsword touched her side.
“Tellis! What are you doing?”
The other adventurers reacted. Half of them drew weapons on Tellis. The other half—the Drake’s team backed him up as he shook his head.
“No one’s interfering in the duel. Lower the bow, Captain Kam.”
“You’re on their side?”
Kam stared at Tellis. The Drake paused. He looked past her, at Pisces. The [Mage] was battling Isceil. Both he and the Drake had hit each other. Now, Isceil was blasting apart one of Pisces’ Bone Horrors, snarling. Tellis shook his head.
“Neither. This is a duel. My team won’t interfere no matter what happens. But no one else does either.”
Kam looked at Stan, Alais. Walt, and all the other Silver-rank Captains. They were hesitating. But half of the other teams were silently opposing them. Stan’s hand twitched towards his bag of holding. Then he shook his head. He looked at Ksmvr and Palt and Ulinde. None of them had moved. they’d followed the battle, but they were at a stalemate. Ksmvr’s Flamecoat Dagger was aimed at Palt’s chest.
“My team will not die. My team will not die.”
The Antinium repeated the words. And none of the adventurers could move. Palt’s face was pale as he watched Ceria conjure a wall of ice, trying to get up. Montressa blasted it apart. Hauntgheist saw Pisces jump in. Slashing. Isceil caught a slash across the jaw, but he exhaled. Pisces went backwards, howling as acid burned at him. The Drake had conjured a buckler made of stone. But he didn’t advance on Pisces. He was waiting.
[Shatterbolt]. The [Necromancer] flicked his wrist and the Drake [Flash Stepped] out of the way. But the spell didn’t come. The two exchanged another volley of spells. Isceil watched Pisces’ ring. The [Necromancer]’s arm was bleeding.
And across from them, Yvlon watched Beza stagger upright. The Minotaur’s magical gauntlets were gone. She couldn’t block Yvlon’s sword, even with them. Now, stone covered her arms, like scales. She charged, head down, and Yvlon advanced. Two-handed, she swung her sword, aiming for Beza’s chest.
The Minotauress aborted her charge, flinched back. Yvlon advanced. Her Sword of Weight was heavy in her hands, but all she’d drunken was a single stamina potion. Beza had healed her cuts twice.
“[Haste]—”
The Minotauress blurred as she reached for another scroll. Yvlon’s eyes narrowed. She swung her sword in rapid arcs, cutting at the Minotauress as she tried to strike at Yvlon. But Beza couldn’t, without risking one of her arms. Yvlon’s armor was too sturdy. And Bezale refused to attack from a distance.
One minute. That was how long Beza’s scroll lasted. And she’d used three. Yvlon took a hit across her helmet that made her head ring. A punch to her breastplate sent her staggering back. She cut, keeping Beza at bay. A kick to the side—Yvlon heard something crack. But she felt no pain.
She slashed, and Beza jumped backwards. Yvlon had cut down the Minotauress’ side. Yvlon kept counting.
Fifty eight, fifty nine—
Beza slowed. The Minotauress reached for another scroll, but too late. Yvlon charged. She brought her sword down in a two-handed cut. Beza’s armored gauntlets went up to block the strike, turn it. And Yvlon shouted.
“[Crescent Cut]!”
“Yes.”
Ksmvr saw the cut. Yvlon’s sword arced. It turned, changing its trajectory as the [Warrior] used her Skill.
