6.65
Page 40
“I’ve told Miss Solstice time and again: I am not her personal [Bouncer] or her eternal ally. I have my own duties. The Watch’s entire purpose is to protect citizens of Liscor, like Erin Solstice. She should go to them first, not me.”
“But she said—she was really afraid! Please, you have to help!”
The Drake begged Grimalkin. But she didn’t know what ‘it’ was. Grimalkin paused. But then he shook his head.
“If the crisis demands it, she should flee to safety in Pallass itself. But I will not—cannot—drop everything to bail her out of danger every time. Unless she sent you with an offer?”
“No! There was no time! Please—”
“Magus Grimalkin, we could investigate for you?”
One of Grimalkin’s students suggested. Grimalkin glared and the Drake shut up. Grimalkin sighed as he looked at Drassi.
“Miss Drassi, was it? Whatever the situation is, I will react when called upon by Pallass. Not by an [Innkeeper].”
“But—”
Grimalkin was turning away when a [Guardsman] raced up. The [Sinew Magus] saw Kel appear, panting.
“What is it now?”
“Magus Grimalkin! Liscor is sending out a third-priority alarm to all nearby cities! Crelers have been spotted around the Bloodfields! A nest has invaded the inn—hundreds of Larvae-stage Crelers and Junior-stage! And—there is a confirmed Adult-stage Creler.”
The muscular Drake paused. He saw Drassi turn pale. Grimalkin’s students looked up, and Grimalkin paused.
“Alright. I’m on my way.”
“Oh, thank you—”
Grimalkin was already sprinting towards the door. The [Guardsman] raced after him. Grimalkin bellowed as he left the Drake behind.
“Convene the Watch! Let nothing through that door!”
He ran. Drassi had caught someone else on her way to find him. Jelaqua was surging up the steps, shouting for people to clear the way. The Selphid had changed into her Raskghar body. It took Grimalkin off-guard—until he saw the flail in her hands. The Selphid roared.
“Grimalkin! The inn!”
“I heard!”
“What’s attacking them?”
The Selphid leapt up the stairs. Grimalkin was faster. He touched her arm and both accelerated. The citizens of Pallass stared as the two dashed past them.
“An Adult Creler! I haven’t fought one of those in over a decade. I would appreciate the assistance.”
Jelaqua sped towards the door. She slammed into the wall before she realized it was closed. There was already two squad’s worth of [Guards] at the door.
“Magus Grimalkin!”
“Step back! Crelers will swarm your formation! Lock down this street! Get me [Mages] and high-level [Guardsmen]! When that door opens, we are going through.”
Grimalkin snapped. The [Guards] jumped out of the way. Jelaqua stared at the door.
“It’s not open—”
“The inn itself may be under siege. You. Where are the Crelers coming from. The Bloodfields? Or have they assailed Liscor?”
“The [Message] didn’t say. We are asking for a confirmation—”
“Send it to me by magic when it arrives! Miss Ivirith, have you fought Crelers?”
The Selphid turned. Her eyes gleamed and the Gnolls present stepped back. The Selphid’s voice was low.
“I was part of a force that fought some in my Silver-rank days. Three Gold-rank teams and six Silver to back them up and destroy the entire nest. Two of them nearly tore us all to pieces. The Silvers won’t stand a chance! Seborn and Moore need me.”
She slammed a fist on the door. Grimalkin grabbed her.
“You won’t help them by damaging the door.”
“Sorry. The door—”
Grimalkin paused. He put a claw on the door but felt nothing.
“I see. It’s not connected at all.”
“Do you think maybe the Crelers—”
