6.65
Page 13
“If I could conjure more horses, I would, Captain Stan. But they can’t be controlled by anyone but me.”
“Pity. I’m footsore from walking. And I’m not as young as you children!”
Stan smiled around. He was in on it too, from the way he was making people laugh, relax. Yvlon smiled as she drank from a water flask.
“Still better than Ceria.”
“Hey, Yvlon!”
“Am I telling lies, Ceria?”
The half-Elf spluttered, but she was glad of the laughter. It took some of the attention off Pisces. But they were going to keep asking questions.
And—it was actually Yvlon who glanced at Pisces. Then she hesitated, adjusted the gauntlets on her arm, and nodded at the workers.
“You know, Master Reikhle should really be coming to Pisces, not Walt or his team. The Ensoldier Shields and all our [Warriors] can lift, but Pisces could conjure a dozen skeletons and have them work twice as fast as even a low-level [Hauler]. Right, Pisces?”
The light conversation died as if Yvlon had stuck her sword through its heart. Every eye turned to Pisces. He was looking at Yvlon. But she had the same look as yesterday, when she’d suggested the ice chariot. And she looked at Ceria and then nodded at Pisces.
And he? He hesitated.
In his study, Az’kerash sat up. And he saw Pisces nod, at Yvlon Byres.
“That is…correct, Yvlon. I had considered it, but I think it would be imprudent to use undead.”
“Why? You did it at Albez. That’s how we managed to clear all the dirt and get to the treasure by ourselves, Alais, Stan.”
“Really? And you’d conjure…undead?”
Alais looked at Pisces. Yvlon shook her head.
“Animate. He has the bones for it.”
“From where?”
Someone laughed nervously in the back. No one else did.
“Bandits. Ksmvr killed a bunch of them. I saw Pisces recovering the bones myself. And I’d swear on truth spell it’s just bandit bones. Is that a problem?”
The armored woman spoke coolly, looking around. A Drake adventurer coughed.
“So long as its Human bones.”
Some chuckles. But the other adventurers were just waiting. Stan leaned on the table the adventurers had taken from Erin’s inn.
“So, these skeletons would be under your control, Pisces?”
“Perfectly. I would be watching them. I could set them to a task, but they wouldn’t deviate so long as I maintain direct control.”
“And what can they do better than the [Workers] here?”
“Run? They don’t get tired, Kam. Think about it. They’re not as strong or as tough as we are, but they can work all day. Go on, Pisces, show them.”
“Yvlon, I don’t believe—”
“Show them.”
Ceria stared at Yvlon. But the woman’s face was clear, knowing. Pisces hesitated.
“One skeleton?”
“It’s not like it’ll go out of control.”
Ceria’s heart was beating far too fast as Pisces hesitated. But he undid the drawstrings on the bag of holding. The adventurers drew back in a wide arc, all save Yvlon and Ceria and Ksmvr. As the bones spilled from the bag of holding and rose, they tensed. When the glowing green flames appeared in the sockets, a few half-drew their blades. Yvlon looked around.
“It’s one skeleton. I could beat one of those with a beer mug. Old Stan might have trouble, but the rest of you?”
That put their backs up. One of the Human Captains laughed, but shakily.
“I could kill a group with a fart.”
“I’d believe that.”
A Gnoll growled. There was a quick punch, laughter. But still, it was Stan who approached first. He warily waved a hand in front of the skeleton. It didn’t move. Stan reached out and touched it.
“Gaah!”
Ceria shouted. Stan leapt back. Everyone looked at the half-Elf. She scratched at one arm.
“Cramp.”
“Damn it, Ceria!”
