6.65
Page 9
“No clue. We just received word all of us were supposed to come today. It’s got to have something to do with the Bloodfields and the incident yesterday.”
“They’re not making us fight there!”
Alais was alarmed. Ceria shook her head.
“No way. We’re not being paid for that. And we’re not doing it. Maybe it’s another demonstration…?”
“Whoops. We’re finding out. Here comes Master Taskmaster himself.”
Reikhle was striding over with a few [Scouts] and his subordinates. The Gnoll shouted.
“Attention! Listen up!”
The adventuring teams broke off from their gossip and turned. The Gnoll didn’t beat about the brush.
“You all heard what happened yesterday? Good! The Bloodfields are more dangerous than we thought! Those spores that got the Ensoldier Shields are putting my road in jeopardy, and Liscor’s Council and the Watch both want to know what the Bloodfields are capable of! So you’re all being called in.”
“To do what? Fight?”
A voice called out nervously in the crowd. Reikhle shook his head.
“We are taking every precaution against the spores and these new plants in the Bloodfields. Until we determine the outer range the spores might travel to. So. All teams will be deployed to the Bloodfields today—on standby, mainly. You lucky slugs! A few teams who should be able to resist the spores, like Hauntgheist, will do the scouting.”
“So we’re just here to bail them out. Excellent!”
Ceria cheered up at once. A few of the teams assigned to scouting groaned, but they seemed relieved by the precautions. Ceria turned back to Pisces and Yvlon and Ksmvr.
“Looks like we get time off, huh?”
“Not so fast! Since none of you will be scouting ahead, you’re all working here! Which means anyone who can lift is going to help my teams!”
The adventurers began cursing. Reikhle ignored them and began issuing orders. Ceria groaned, but good-naturedly. She hung back with Stan, Alais, and Walt. She couldn’t lift things, anyways. And that meant she had plenty of time to relax and gossip. Rank had its privileges. Ceria began to grin. She nudged Alais.
“You know what’d be really nice? Chairs. Think we can get some from Erin’s inn? Or I can make some out of ice. And some drinks!”
Yvlon rolled her eyes, exasperated.
 
—-
 
As the adventurers milled about and the workers resumed building the road, they were being watched. Montressa du Valeross stood on a small crest, nearly two thousand feet distant. She wasn’t worried about being spotted; she was under an [Invisibility] spell. And she was using another spell to magnify her vision of the adventurers.
She was searching for her target. She’d lost him for a second. But then Montressa narrowed her eyes.
“There he is.”
She was staring at Pisces. Her hands clenched on the magic staff that Archmage Nailihuaile had personally created. Like the brass orb, it had been a temporary gift, meant to be tried in the field. Both were powerful magical artifacts. But even without them, Montressa was first of her team.
They were standing with her. Well, Isceil was sitting on a rock. But he glanced up and nodded, spotting Pisces. Beza’s arms were folded as she stared at the distant adventurers. Ulinde was sharpening her claws. She was still wearing the Drake body she’d been gifted by the Halfseekers. Montressa glared back at her, then looked around.
“Where’s Palt? He’s late.”
The Centaur and fifth member of their group was indeed absent. Montressa looked around. Isceil yawned.
“No idea. Stop glaring at me, Montressa. Beza?”
“I have no idea what he’s up to.”
