6.65
Page 20
“There is neither pure malice here. Nor altruism. I am a [Necromancer]. But I am also Human. I am a [Mage]! And a person. I love, I weep. I make mistakes. So many errors they define me. Because I cannot outrun the past. Adventurer—hero—it doesn’t matter what I become, does it? For I will always be one thing: [Necromancer]. And yet you do not know what it means! None of you know!”
He whirled. And his voice was rough, his eyes furious. Pisces pointed, not at one person, but everyone.
“I’m sick of it all. You don’t understand me. And that is fine. Who here in this world truly knows someone? But my class is an indictment, a curse! You may find it appalling, what I do. You may hate the idea of what I am capable of. But why, why is it a crime? Tell me. When did being me, being a [Necromancer] become a sin? I have done many terrible things. But when I was judged, it was first for what I am.”
The young man drew a shuddering breath.
“Necromancy. You want to know why I practice it? Because I am good at it. Because I want to use it! Because it is what I love! There is no greater reason. None. But even if I did nothing with it, I would be hunted. And that is not fair. It was never—fair.”
He paused. And his eyes found Montressa.
“I have been a liar, a thief, a fool, and yes, I have let good people die. I have killed. And I have done many things, good and ill. But I have never thought of myself as a villain. But that is what you make us, Montressa. You—you and everyone who looks at our classes before our very souls. Even when we hide, you drag us out. Hunt us down like beasts. [Necromancer]! Monster! As if we cast away our humanity by practicing a different kind of magic! If we lost anything, it was because we were chased by you all!”
He shouted, his voice raw with emotion and pain. Ceria felt her heart shaking. Her eyes stung. Because Pisces’ were overfull. He clutched at his chest.
“I wish I could show you. Show you my soul, to prove it was there! I have never wanted to be anything but good. And yet, I found myself sinking lower because all I did turned to dust. Because wherever I tried to extend a hand to help, I was stabbed by prejudice in fear. Until I looked like the very thing you called me. Until I believed I was a monster myself. It was so hard to remember who I am.”
The [Necromancer] bowed his head. And he wiped at his eyes.
“I am different. But I wish I could just exist and it would not hurt you all. But it seems I cannot live in this world so easily. I never wished to be this. I dreamed of being a hero. I thought I could become one, regardless of who I was. When did I go so far astray?”
Far away, Az’kerash half-stood. He stared at Ijvani’s projection of the young man, and his hand rose. Searching for the place where his heart lay. And he saw Pisces turn, looking at Montressa. Her eyes were filled with empty hatred. Pisces stared at her. And he sighed, his voice exhausted.
“Montressa. I’m so very weary of it all. Exhausted, of the chase. Of being me. But most of all, watching the good people suffer for what you and your kind do. Watching trust turn to ash. I—I am a poor friend, a worse man. But [Necromancers] are not one and the same. If we are monsters, some of it was what the world shaped us into!”
He reached for the rapier at his side. And drew it. The steel glinted in the sun of another day. Pisces spoke slowly, staring at the blade in his hands.
