6.65
Page 38
Only Bird. His bow sang as he loosed arrows as fast as he could, drawing with three arms and loosing. Crelers fell, impaled by the arrows from above, but more were coming. Big Crelers, but barely more than children. Juvenile-grade. The Antinium recognized them and avoided them. He couldn’t even stop them. The giant ones chased the others. Lyonette and Mrsha were being carried by Numbtongue.
“ALARM. SOUND THE ALARM.”
Bird was shouting at his Hive. With his mind. He didn’t know if they could hear him, but they must! Crelers! Crelers were here! They would eat everything!
The Worker saw the last few running out of the inn. There were so many Crelers coming out! A vast nest! The Antinium heard movement behind him and whirled. He stared down the stairs.
They were coming up the corridor, dozens of them. Bird drew and loosed an arrow in less than a second. He watched the shaft hit the Creler in one of the glowing midsections, hitting the vulnerable innards. But that barely slowed the Creler. They wouldn’t die from a single arrow, or even a dozen. Not even the larvae. They wouldn’t stop even until they were completely dead! And sometimes not even then.
“Alarm!”
Bird called one last time. Then he climbed out of his tower. He hit the roof and began to slide near the edge as the Crelers boiled out of the roof, swarming down at him. The Worker skidded down the roof on his back shell. There was the ledge. He put his feet down. And then he leapt.
For a moment Bird flew. And even then, his heart soared. Then he felt gravity catch him.
“Alas.”
He crashed down off the roof and got up. Erin turned. She was outside the inn. That was good.
“Bird! Run!”
The Worker got up and ran. He saw Seborn stagger out of the door, then Relc. They were the last to leave the inn. The Worker turned as Moore turned back.
“Seborn!”
He grabbed the [Rogue]. Seborn collapsed, bleeding from dozens of wounds. The half-Giant turned as Erin and Temile ran. Relc was stumbling after them. Bird turned.
“This is bad. We are going to die. Alarm! I have been very happy, Erin. Alarm!”
He was loosing arrows as he trundled down the hill as fast as he could move. The arrows slowed the first wave of larvae, but not the bigger Crelers. A Juvenile exploded out of the doorway. Bird saw it charging down the hill at them. Moore turned. Relc raised his spear.
“Bird, no!”
The Worker happily blocked the Creler’s path as it came for Erin. He drew a dagger. She screamed and threw her knife. It lodged in the Creler’s exoskeleton, going hilt-deep into the head. But that didn’t stop a Creler. Bird saw Erin turn.
And the Creler exploded. Bird saw the flash, felt the kick—and he was flying again. Then he landed. The Antinium waved all his limbs on his back. Then he got up.
“That was not me. I think.”
He looked up. Erin picked herself up as the hillside exploded. Another spell shot down from the heavens. Liscor’s walls sent a flaming ball of magic down and the first wave of Crelers coming out the inn vanished. She looked around—they were regrouping. They were going after Relc! He swung his spear as they leapt—
And another spear impaled one. Hooves trampled the others. Embria turned her horse in a quick circle and shouted.
“4th Company! Cut them down!”
Drakes and Gnolls surged past the fleeing people. They formed a line as Liscor’s Watch charged out of the gates. Wing Commander Embria thundered past Erin. She leapt off her horse and landed beside her father. Her spear stabbed, killing Crelers, cutting them to pieces.
“Kid? Ancestors, that was fast—”
Relc fell to one knee. Embria grabbed him.
