6.65
Page 26
Bevussa instantly raised her shortsword. The masked warrior stopped. She tilted her head. Bevussa stared at her. It was dark in the dungeon, lit only by Kin’s [Light] spells. But the mask was indeed different.
“Miss Warrior?”
Now it was a question. The woman nodded. But Bevussa looked at Kin. The mask was different. This one looked crude. Made of wood. It was more like a slat with eye holes.
“Stay where you are. Kin, this might be an imposter. Zassil, Issa—”
Bevussa turned her head. And the masked figure charged. Bevussa’s head snapped back up. She swore, her sword swinging up.
“Kin, get back—”
The masked woman lunged. Her sword blurred. Bevussa’s eyes went wide. She jerked backwards. Only a sweep of her wings kept her out of range as the masked warrior reappeared, her sword slashing at where Bevussa’s throat had been.
[Mirage Cut]. The Garuda cursed and lunged in. She knocked the woman’s blade back, using her aerial mobility to throw the warrior off balance.
“What’s wrong with you? Stop! Stop or I’ll—”
The stranger slashed. And Bevussa’s sword blurred. She buried her enchanted shortsword in the woman’s chest. Kin gasped, scrambling backwards. Bevussa stopped.
“I’m sorry. I—”
The masked woman looked down at the sword. Then Toren pulled off the mask. His eyes flashed. Bevussa stared into the skeleton’s grinning face as the enchantment hit her.
[Fear]. She choked, cold, icy fear running through her.
“What are—”
Toren’s enchanted blade took her in the stomach. He stared into Bevussa’s eyes. Saw them go round with shock. Ah, yes. That was what it looked like when they died. He’d almost forgotten.
He hummed a tune in his head as he twisted the sword. Bevussa made a choking sound and Toren put a foot on her chest.
“Bevussa!”
The Drake [Mage] screamed. She lifted her wand, aiming at Toren. He dodged, and the ray of magic went past his chest. Zassil and Issa flew forwards, shouting. Toren pointed, and from around the corner bounded Ghouls. Two dozen of them.
“Undead!”
“Captain—”
The hallways turned to confusion. Bevussa was gaping at Toren, gagging with pain as he twisted the blade in her stomach. The Ghouls swarmed past her, attacking her team. Toren kicked her off the blade as the Wings of Pallass screamed and fought the undead suddenly overrunning them. He inspected Bevussa as she fell back, weakly grasping her shortsword.
It hadn’t been that deep a cut. Toren hadn’t been able to run her completely through. She had tough…feathers. Oh well. Toren wasn’t about to stick around for the fight. He pointed and a Ghoul leapt on Bevussa. And Toren walked on. He pulled his mask back into place, leaving the Wings of Pallass.
“Undead attack! Form up! Where are the Wings of Pallass?”
Three corridors down, Toren strolled past a team of adventurers fighting for their lives. They called out to him to help. He walked past them. The undead were storming the tunnels. Toren had brought them from his inn. His fake inn. He’d opened the metal door and let them out. How many?
All of them. The Crypt Lords led an army of the undead through the tunnels. Thousands, falling upon the Gold and Silver-rank teams. Even so, it was a familiar fight. Toren had seen it happen once and there was no huge flesh-pit this time or the crawling undead.
“Hold the line!”
At one point, the undead splintered and broke on a wall of flames. Toren avoided that tunnel, but he saw the unit of Drakes holding there.
