6.65
Page 32
This was no child. Nor even half-grown creature that he had battled. This thing was old. It had grown here in secret. And now it rose. A colossus. Screaming—he was screaming and it was laughing at him.
An Adult Creler. It’s shriek tore the sky as it surfaced, digging itself out of its deep coffin of dirt. Everyone, adventurers, far-distant workers, [Mages]—Yvlon, Ijvani—stopped. They turned. And they saw it.
Out they came with it. Hundreds of Crelers. Swarming across the ground, hundreds, no, thousands of larvae, red-pulsating bodies and exposed organs withdrawing, revealing sharp, chitinous legs, biting, tearing parts. A nigh-indestructible body. And juvenile Crelers, some as large as bulls, giant pill bugs with too many limbs, fast—faster than horses. Too many limbs to count. Too many to count.
Monsters that came from Rhir’s hell. They had nearly overrun the world, once. Pelico turned, looking for salvation. But they were so fast. They were so—
 
—-
 
“Dead gods.”
Ceria breathed the words as she stared at the distant Creler. It was shaking itself. Dirt cascaded everywhere. And a wave of red and black flowed down off it. Crelers, crawling all over each other, biting, tearing at everything in sight. For a moment, the sight transfixed the half-Elf. Then she realized she was still lying down, aiming her wand at Montressa.
She stood up slowly. This wasn’t real. It couldn’t be real. Thousands of Crelers were streaming towards them. She looked around. The adventurers were all frozen in shock. And the tide was coming on, shrieking.
“Crelers? Are those—”
Montressa was swaying on her feet. She looked at Ceria. The half-Elf turned. She looked back to see if she was dreaming. Then she pushed Montressa.
The young woman stumbled. She lifted her staff, staring at Ceria. A line of blood ran from a cut at her cheek. Ceria looked around.
“Run.”
The adventurers stared at her. Ceria looked around. She heard the distant shriek, now. She drew in a breath and screamed.
“Run!”
The paralysis broke. The adventurers turned and ran. Ceria looked over her shoulder.
Thousands. Her team had killed a few dozen once and nearly died. But that was a Junior Creler. And there were at least a hundred of them. They were coming! They raced across the ground, chittering. And the Adult Creler shrieked. The noise made Kam’s horse rear and scream.
“RUN!”
Beza got to her feet as Yvlon grabbed her. The duel was forgotten. They stared at each other and ran. Behind them came death. Ceria looked back.
“The other teams!”
Alais turned, but Stan grabbed her. He was white-faced. Hauntgheist was gone. Crelers were covering the Bloodfields, eating—eating the plants and creatures there! But their prey lay ahead.
“Run! They’re already dead! Get to the door! Sound the alarm!”
Kam galloped past them, screaming an alarm. In the distance, Master Reikhle turned. He had heard the shriek. He stared. And the Gnolls and Drakes turned to stare. They were transfixed. Then they ran.
“The door!”
One of them beat on the door. But it wasn’t opened. Erin had changed the door. The workers looked back.
Ceria ran. She could see the scrum at the door. She screamed at Montressa. The young woman was stumbling to keep up.
“[Message] spell! Warn the city!”
Palt galloped after them. Ulinde was on his back. They were all miles away from the door. How far had they gone in the duel? Ceria looked back over her shoulder.
“No—”
The Crelers were overtaking them. They moved like lighting across the ground, skittering, charging the slower adventurers. And the adult was coming. It was charging forwards, maw open.
