6.65
Page 16
“It’s over, Montressa. You can’t go after Pisces anymore. Or the Horns. Wistram is going to reduce the bounty on his head. From two thousand coins to two hundred. Not commute—but they’re also rescinding the order to bring him in. You don’t have a mandate anymore. It’s over.”
For a moment Montressa didn’t hear Palt. Then her eyes went wide.
“What? No!”
“Ask your faction. The order should have come in by now. It’s resolved. As is the matter with Erin Solstice. She’s…being allowed to stay.”
Palt trotted backwards. Isceil and Beza traded glances as Ulinde twiddled her claws. Montressa put a dazed hand to her temple. Then her eyes focused on Palt. They narrowed; she wasn’t an idiot. Slowly, the young woman took a step forwards.
“You. You did this.”
“Is Erin Solstice coming back to Wistram?”
Beza stared at Palt. He shook his head, warily.
“It’s too costly politically to abduct her. And I’m sure she won’t leave of her own volition. There are some deals Wistram can make that will benefit the Academy even if she remains where she is. So the other factions have decided—”
“You bastard! You got to her first!”
Isceil shot to his feet as the penny dropped. Beza growled.
“You went behind our backs?”
“The Ullsinoi faction—”
“Damn them! What about our groups?”
“I don’t think they mind, given that you’re still banned from her inn and the first thing you did was start a fight that ended in your arrest!”
Palt snapped back, losing his temper. Isceil and Beza squared off as Ulinde turned her head. Beza glanced at the Selphid.
“Ulinde, you sold us out?”
“I didn’t! I just thought—Palt was the only one who can talk to Miss Erin! So he made a deal—”
“This isn’t over! We want that Earther too! I’m going to go back to that inn—”
“Go ahead. If she doesn’t blind you with curry, you can pitch her any deal you want.”
Beza snorted furiously, Montressa was swaying on her feet, staring down at Pisces.
“Do we get anything from this, Palt? Or is it just you stabbing us in the side?”
“Sorry, Beza. It’s nothing personal. But I saw an opportunity to benefit my faction and took it. I’ll support you on another Earther, like this ‘batman’, but this one’s ours. She wouldn’t leave the inn. It won’t help your faction either way. So—look, I did what was best. We can’t go after Pisces anyways. You know that, Beza.”
She opened her mouth and the Centaur kept talking. No spells—you couldn’t [Charm] fellow [Mages]. He didn’t need to, anyways. He was using facts and truth to do his persuasion.
“Do you really want to wait for them to leave Liscor and ambush them? That’s cowardly, Beza. We’d have to fight to the death and they’re dangerous. Montressa, it’s done.”
The Minotauress shifted uncertainly. But a flicker of relief showed in her eyes at Palt’s arguments. Isceil was still furious.
“You cut us out!”
“I’ll make it up to you! What do you want, Isceil? Secrets? Gold? But we’re not going to loiter here for weeks or months fixating on one team and trying to persuade an angry [Innkeeper] while risking fighting an entire city! Ulinde agreed to back me.”
“That’s right. It’s—it’s going to be alright. This is the best solution. And we can stay here a few days. I want to talk with the Halfseekers. And that Pisces helped save the adventurers. So…”
A noise came from behind Palt. He turned. Montressa was staring at him blankly.
“Montressa. I’m sorry. You can say whatever you want. But—”
“No.”
The word came from her white face. Montressa stared at Palt, her eyes huge in their sockets. The Centaur paused.
“Montressa, that’s an order. From your faction. Ask them. They’ll contact you.”
