6.65
Page 14
Stan swore at her. The half-Elf laughed. And that did it. A few more adventurers approached. One prodded at the skull as the skeleton stared forwards, unmoving.
“Dead gods, I’m creeped out. And it won’t move?”
“Not so long as I control it.”
“I can just imagine it turning and going for me—”
“But it won’t.”
“Are you sure?”
Yvlon glared at the Drake.
“It’s not even got a weapon.”
“Well, if it grabs mine—”
One of the Gnolls ignored the debate. She knocked on the skeleton’s head thoughtfully, then tried to pry it off. It came loose and the skeleton collapsed. The Gnoll paused.
“Oops. Can you—”
The skeleton jerked back upright and the Gnoll swore, retreating. Then she laughed.
“It’s not exactly strong, is it? How could this thing outdo our [Workers]?”
“Well, they could gather stones, drag all the heavy stuff rather than put it on wagons or have our [Haulers] do the job. And they don’t get tired, so they can go full-speed. For skeletons. Go on, Pisces. Show them.”
“With what?”
“Well, if we gave it a bag of holding…”
Stan was rubbing his chin. He eyed the workers, who were hauling pieces of stone to lay a foundation. Reikhle was overseeing the mixing of some kind of cement or mortar that would form a sturdier section of the road. It was backbreaking work.
“Can a skeleton pick up stones? They’re not that smart.”
“The ah, intelligence of an undead like this is limited, but they can do so. I haven’t put them to this specific task, but this skeleton should be capable of it. Shall we test it out?”
Pisces looked around. The adventurers murmured.
“Why not?”
“Should be interesting.”
They followed the skeleton over as Pisces pointed. It began picking up stones at the base of the foothills. After a moment, someone looked around.
“It needs a sack. Hold on.”
“Yeah. It—it certainly beats having to pick all that up yourself, right?”
“Right. But—”
“What if there were six? Do they need to stop?”
“Never.”
“Never. You’ve seen undead, Ovelel.”
“Sure. But—okay, I mean, I saw a Golem once at one of those massive farms. And that thing was worth every gold coin. Never stopped working; could plough, chop wood overnight. And fight! But undead aren’t that convenient.”
“Because they might go wild. But—hey, Pisces! Can you do six?”
“Easily…if no one would be alarmed by it?”
“I mean, it’s six skeletons. And his farts…”
There was an odd mood in the air. Something was happening. Something that wasn’t magical. Or if it was, it wasn’t a kind Ceria could conjure. It reminded her of Erin. And it was spreading. The adventurers stood back warily, watching, commenting. But then there were six skeletons. And they picked up stones, loading them into a sack. And they were just…working.
One picked up a pickaxe and the wary adventurers stood back. But all the skeleton did was hit the stones with it. Clumsily; it didn’t have the exact finesse of a [Miner]. But it could get the pointy end in the right place, breaking up weak rock. And if you watched it, saw how Pisces calmly made them move…
It took Master Reikhle a good twenty minutes before he noticed the commotion. Then, the approaching group of eight skeletons, carrying huge sacks. The workers stopped and the Gnoll stormed over.
“What is going on here?”
He stared at the undead, his fur standing up on end. But they just trooped past and unloaded their cargo. Workers sprang aside, cursing, and backed up, grabbing at improvised weapons. But the skeletons neatly deposited the stones into the trough that would form the road. They emptied their sacks, then turned, and held still.
“What is this?”
