6.65
Page 10
The Minotauress snorted. Ulinde shifted nervously, glancing at Montressa out of the corner of her eye.
“He—he said he needed to take care of something in Liscor. He’ll be over in half an hour, he said.”
“Well, he’s late. I want everyone here in case we need to move!”
“And do what, exactly? There’s fourteen—no, fifteen teams of Silver-ranks down there, Montressa. Unless you want to link up and blow them all to pieces, we’re not fighting our way through that many Silver-ranks.”
Isceil pointed out. He complained loudly and irritably, having marched all the way here in the morning. Even with movement spells, it took the Wistram team far longer to get here and set up than the others; they were still banned from The Wandering Inn, save for Ulinde. And Palt.
Montressa ground her teeth together.
“There might be an opening. And the Horns might do something. Go scouting.”
“And if they do? What do we do? Kill them? We could have let them die yesterday, Montressa.”
Beza pointed out. She looked pointedly at her leader. Montressa said nothing. Her knuckles whitened slowly. Beza looked at Isceil and Ulinde. The Drake nodded.
“If we did nothing, they might be dead. I’m not saying we should have. We saved those Humans. Although they barely thanked us! But if you wanted Pisces dead…”
“I know, I know!”
Montressa turned and shouted at Isceil. He leaned back. Montressa struck the rock she was standing on with her staff.
“I know! But there were innocents! We’re not—we’re not him!”
“But he was going to save the adventurers. He and Ceria—”
Ulinde shut up as Montressa whirled. Beza looked concerned as she put a hand on Montressa’s shoulder. She turned to the Selphid.
“One good deed doesn’t excuse what he’s done. Still, we can’t go after them without violating Liscor’s laws. And there is Erin Solstice to consider. Montressa, all this observation is pointless. Why don’t we focus on the inn?”
“We can do that. Later. You can. But we’re watching the Horns.”
Isceil exhaled loudly, shooting a flurry of sparks out of his mouth. He looked at Beza and grimaced. Then he shared a look with Ulinde. Montressa ignored them all. Her eyes were focused on Pisces.
“I’ll get him.”
“You could have let him die. Maybe he’s—”
Beza slashed with one hand across her throat. Isceil shut up, and just in time too. Montressa’s eyes blazed as she turned her head. Isceil fell silent.
Why wasn’t he showing his true colors? What would it take? How could she get him? Montressa’s mind was locked up, going in circles. She stared down. Beza sighed as she shifted her weight.
“I might as well do some scroll scribing. But after this, we need to talk about this observation, Montressa. Focus on what we’re supposed to do. Montressa? Montressa.”
The young woman didn’t answer. After a moment, Beza made a disgusted sound. She sat down and pulled out her equipment.
“Not like Palt’s missing anything, anyways. Hey Ulinde, those Halfseekers talking to you, then?”
Isceil began chatting with Ulinde. The Selphid nodded, glancing nervously at Montressa’s back. The [Mages] waited. Beza writing carefully, Isceil chatting with Ulinde. Montressa waiting.
They were being watched as well. Like some comedy skit, the Wistram team’s vantage point was being spied on from another position even further back. A black, grinning skull slowly rose over a rock. She stared down at the [Mages]. She was only six hundred feet back, and she was listening to every word the [Mages] said. And she could also hear the Horns chatting thousands of feet distant.
