6.66 H
Page 25
[Skill – Armform (Duelist)…
 
Dozens of notifications. Voices repeating themselves again and again as her mind finally registered them, as if once wasn’t enough. Telling her she’d changed. Telling her—
Yvlon’s eyes went wide. She jerked up. Ksmvr caught her, and Yvlon hesitated.
“My arms?”
He looked down. And the woman hesitated. Slowly, she raised her arms. She looked down. For a moment, Yvlon thought nothing had changed. She stared down at her arms and saw metal. Pure silver mixed with burnished steel.
Her armor? But then, Yvlon saw her skin. Muscle, the curve of her flesh. But—silvery. Shining as it caught the light. Her breath caught.
“My—”
Skin made of metal. Imitating the flesh she had once had. But—her arms were half armor too, flesh turning to angular armor. But it was all her. The armor made of her very body.
Her arms were silver and steel.
 
[Conditions Met: Wounded Warrior → Silversteel Armsmistress Class!]
 
Her new class screamed in her mind. [Silversteel Armsmistress]. Disbelieving, Yvlon raised one arm, saw the metal skin moving. She felt—she felt. She touched her chest, felt the soft bandages under her fingertips. But no pain, as she pinched her arms. Or—faint.
“I am afraid your sword is broken, Yvlon. But I found it for you. Caution. It is very heavy.”
Ksmvr offered her something. Yvlon saw it was her sword. The tip had snapped. And the pommel was cracked. The enchantment was still there, and the Antinium had to use two of his hands to hand it to her. Unconsciously, Yvlon took it in her right hand.
She lifted the broken, heavy, enchanted sword with one arm. It was light. Yvlon stared at her arm, as it flawlessly lifted the blade. Ksmvr blinked.
“Ooh.”
“I—my arms. I’m—”
She stuttered, staring at her arms. They shone. Ksmvr looked at Yvlon.
“They are beautiful. You did not leave me. I knew my team would not die. I knew you would not. But do not scare me like that again.”
He looked at her, and she saw him shaking a tiny bit. She heard it in his voice. And Yvlon forgot everything else. She hugged him, and he hugged her back fiercely. Yvlon felt the Antinium quivering.
“Yvlon.”
Someone called her name. Many people were, but this voice made Yvlon look up. She saw Ceria and paused.
She had changed too. Cold and frost lay on the table where Ceria was sitting. The half-Elf’s eyes were winter-pale, and faint blue and grey. Something swirled in their depths.
Snowflakes fell out of the air around her, melting as she left her seat and walked towards Yvlon. The woman stared.
“Your eyes—”
“I leveled up. It’s nothing special. Nice arms.”
The half-Elf paused. Pisces limped over next to her, and Yvlon saw another depth of power in his eyes. She looked at him. At her. At Ksmvr.
“Thank you.”
She didn’t know to whom she said it. But she heard the word repeated.
Running feet. Yvlon turned as Erin flung herself at the Horns of Hammerad. She half-tackled Ceria and Pisces and the two adventurers nearly fell over. The [Innkeeper] was crying. The world opened up, and Yvlon realized it wasn’t just them.
The inn—The Wandering Inn was around them. Destroyed. Walls were torn open, and only a few spells were keeping the ceiling up. Despite that, it was filled. Adventurers, some wounded, others fresh, stood next to [Soldiers] from Liscor’s army. Liscor’s Watch. They stood, staring down at the Horns. Erin was hugging Ceria and Pisces.
“You’re alive! You’re alive, you’re alive, you’re—”
“I saw it dead. You brought it down.”
