6.66 H
Page 1
Ceria whispered. Yvlon looked at her silently and the half-Elf met her eyes. They had a debt to pay, the two of them. It was fitting. But they couldn’t do it alone.
A running figure turned back. Captain Stan whirled. He shouted as he drew two crossbows and fired.
“Boltspitters, hold the line!”
His team slowed. Two ran on, but the rest came back. Alais’ team slowed. The [Aeromancer] raised her staff.
“Thunder’s Solace, to me!”
More adventurers were stopping. There was no wild bravery in it. They’d just made the simple calculation that Yvlon had. Someone had to stay.
The Crelers screamed as they came. Yvlon saw a rank of men wearing armor surge back towards her. Walt, his face white, his mace raised, raised his shield. He bellowed.
“The Ensoldier Shields stand here! We stand here!”
They came. All of them. Tommie, Belt—Yvlon saw them look at her and nod. Someone roared.
More. The rest were still running. Captain Kam, horseless, turned. She cried out.
“Whistling Bows—”
Gone. They’d left her behind. So the [Bow Rider] advanced alone, standing shoulder-to-shoulder with the others. She drew an arrow and loosed it, drew another one, her hands moving in a blur. Yvlon saw a single Creler stumble, fall into the roiling mass coming towards her.
“They’re staying? Are they mad?”
Beza slowed. Palt, Ulinde, Montressa—they looked back. The Centaur was incredulous. Montressa stared back at Pisces. But Isceil turned back.
“Isceil!”
The Drake shook off her hand as she grabbed at him. He stared down at the stump leaking blood. He looked at her.
“Let go of me, Montressa. I have to stay. We have to stay.”
“Madness. There’s no stopping that.”
Beza looked at the adult. It was so big. And the other Crelers—the Minotauress wavered, looking at the closed door. But Isceil walked forwards. He pointed his other claw and fire erupted in a line, burning towards the Crelers. He looked back.
“Go, if you want. But Drakes do not run. Drakes do not run!”
He came forwards. The [Mages] stopped. Then they followed Isceil. It was that or run. Such an easy choice. And yet—
More teams turned. Yvlon didn’t even know their names. But the Drakes and Gnolls set themselves next to Humans. And Yvlon looked at them. She saw a Drake with wildflower reds and yellows on her scales, aiming a crossbow.
A Gnoll with short-cropped fur, dyed black across half his head, lifting an axe. As Yvlon’s gaze passed over them in a fraction of a second, it felt like forever. She met a Gnoll captain’s eyes and he lifted a paw. She nodded to him.
“Barriers, there and there! They’ll cover us! Break them up—stagger the lines! Enchanted armor and line-holders to the front!”
Stan pointed, bellowing. The adventurers moved. The line in the grass grew, spreading out, forming two ranks. It became a formation, a half-circle. Yvlon was on the outmost edge. She saw walls of ice raising around her, creating shields to her sides.
“[Shield Wall Formation]!”
Walt’s team formed a single line to her left, shields raised. Another adventurer planted a tower shield in the ground.
“[Tower Guard’s Bulwark].”
Adventurers in lighter armor took the second ranks. The third rank stood behind barriers. Seconds. They had seconds. The Crelers were making for the spot of defiance.
“Hold. Hold the lines. If they swarm you, you’re dead! Potions don’t work if they poison—”
Stan was shouting, but Yvlon didn’t hear anymore. She waited. Arrows and spells flew over her head, disappearing among the first wave of Crelers. It didn’t seem to make a difference.
