6.67
Page 14
Pelico spoke quietly, to Alais’ team, Walt’s, and the Gnoll, the survivors. To the other adventurers as well, the Silver-ranks who’d fought then fled through the door, or just ran. Keldrass and some of the older Gold-ranks like the Lifwail Blades stood next to Hauntgheist. Preventing a fight, perhaps.
Ceria just stared. Pelico’s face was pale, but the [Rogue] spoke to everyone present. But mainly to them.
“We took cover in our bailout spot. We saw how many Crelers were out there—and the Adult. We just…we hid. I thought it would be suicide to…”
He trailed off, looking away. Keldrass eyed Ceria. And every eye turned towards the Horns. The others had seen Hauntgheist before, it seemed. Walt was clenching his fists, but he hadn’t thrown a punch yet. Alais wasn’t looking at Hauntgheist. And Ceria—she looked at Yvlon. The Human woman looked back, waiting.
“Good. You made it.”
Hauntgheist started. But Ceria’s face was calm. She tried to smile, and in fact, it wasn’t hard.
“I wish we’d all had scrolls. But they’re expensive, right? You made it. I can’t say I wouldn’t have done the same. I’m glad…I’m sorry for the ones who fell. Were they…?”
“Chaida, Sell, and Vend.”
Ceria vaguely recalled Vend’s face. She nodded. The other adventurers relaxed. At last, the wary tension resolved, and more broke up, talking with the civilians.
Non-adventurers. Ceria found herself shaking Drakes and Gnoll’s claws and paws respectively, letting them thank her. It never occurred to her to say it was nothing. But neither was it entirely hers, not by a long shot.
“There were three teams out there with Hauntgheist. The Watch hasn’t even found their bodies.”
“Who were they?”
“The Scales of Anarchy, Traveller’s Yawn, and…anyone know?”
“I—I didn’t stay. We went for the door right as it opened.”
“You were right with us up till the end. We’d have gone if we weren’t on the other side of that Creler.”
“Has anyone seen Montressa? The Wistram team?”
“They were burying their own. The Oldblood Drake.”
“Isceil.”
Yvlon murmured it as she shook Reikhle’s paw. The [Master Builder] looked Yvlon up and down and only now did someone broach the topic of her arms.
“Miss Yvlon, I can’t help but notice your change. Is it part of a new class?”
The polite question made everyone in earshot look over with interest. Yvlon smiled.
“That’s right. I’m an [Armsmistress] now. It healed my arms. And changed them into…”
She gestured at the silvery metal that was now her flesh.
“I see. That is, may I see? I am a tiny bit interested.”
“Go ahead?”
Ceria bit her lip to keep from laughing as Reikhle bent, nearly touching Yvlon’s arm as he carefully peered at it, sniffed it—he might have actually tried licking it before he caught himself. But he was a [Builder]. Yvlon looked up as Walt wandered over.
“[Armsmistress]?”
She nodded. The man paused.
“You don’t say.”
Ceria burst out laughing as the room erupted with it. Even Yvlon had to laugh, although she punched Walt on the shoulder. He swore.
“My arm!”
It was easy to laugh. Harder to note the missing faces. In time, Ceria found herself standing with adventurers, in the center of the larger party. People who had been there. Alais delivered the harder news.
“The confirmed dead—I found Kam. And…Stan’s on the list too. All the Boltspitters but Gerit are.”
Ceria’s stomach twisted.
“They found his body?”
“His bag of holding. You saw him go down, Ceria?”
The half-Elf saw Stan turning, trying to reload—she closed her eyes.
“Yeah. I don’t think he made it out of that. Did they—”
“No.”
