6.67
Page 30
Klbkch turned, his hand on his sword as the other Antinium and audience rushed forwards. Bird shouted, furiously snapping his mandibles together as he battered at Ksmvr.
“It is your fault! You should have killed the Crelers and not brought them to the inn! Now the inn is broken! My tower is broken! My tower is always broken!”
The enraged Worker hit Ksmvr with all four arms, slapping him on his back shell and head, battering him. Not hard, like, say, a Soldier might. More like a child throwing a tantrum than deadly force.
Even so, he was smacking Ksmvr on his injuries. Erin rushed over at the same time as Yvlon, Pisces, and Moore.
“Bird, stop that! Stop! Ksmvr didn’t call the Crelers! Stop hitting!”
They gently pried Bird away from the [Skirmisher]. He flailed at them. Then, abruptly, he sat down and curled up. Bird turned into a ball, ducking his head down, immobile. Much like Pawn once had. Erin hesitated.
“Bird?”
“I want my tower. I am sad.”
The Antinium’s voice was small as he curled up. Erin knelt by him as the others drew back. She hugged him.
“Bird—I know you’re upset.”
“I am muchly upset. It is all gone. Why is it all gone?”
Erin looked at her inn. Mrsha began to sniff again, until Lyonette cuddled her. Erin’s voice was very soft. Her own heart hurt too as she stared at the distant inn. It was broken. But it was hers. She looked up at the Horns, standing around her. What mattered.
“Bird, sometimes bad things happen. But do you know what the good thing about the inn being wrecked is?”
“…You do not have to cook?”
“Exactly—no. It’s that we can make things better next time. Okay, Bird? Sometimes, things break. But you can make them better. So—so don’t be mad at Ksmvr, alright? It wasn’t his fault. Or anyone’s but the Crelers.”
Bird paused. After a long moment, his head popped back up.
“Oh.”
He looked at Erin. She smiled.
“I know you’re very sad, Bird. So am I. But you should apologize.”
“Yes. I was very angry. But I did the wrong thing. I am sorry I hit you, Ksmvr.”
The Worker turned and looked at Ksmvr. The [Skirmisher] hesitated, but then he nodded. Yvlon was checking his bandages.
“I accept your apology, Bird. I have made mistakes as well. I should apologize for them too. Properly.”
He looked past Bird, at Pawn. At the Antinium, who stared at the once-Prognugator. Erin let out her breath in a sigh.
“After all this does anyone else want to pick a fight? Say something sad? Anyone? Now’s the time!”
She looked around. No one did. So, slowly, Erin got up.
“Why don’t we have a bit of fun, then? Come on, there’s baseball! And—and some of us might be going, but this is a celebration! Right?”
“I think it can be now.”
Ceria smiled. She stood with her team. And they smiled. The adventurers looked at the baseball game, at Grimalkin at bat and the outfielders standing deep. And Erin smiled. She laughed, and looked around. At Palt, waiting for a chance to talk to her, Selys, tickling Mrsha, Numbtongue, so relaxed and tired that he was sleeping in the shade.
A perfect moment. Or nearly. The Horns sat back down, and began talking about Invrisil with the Halfseekers. About the future. Some of the adventuring teams opined that they’d like to try baseball themselves. Grimalkin hit a baseball and snapped the bat he was holding like a twig. Ksmvr dove and caught the pop fly.
