6.67
Page 15
No one was in charge, but Keldrass was present, like a…teacher. Or a helper. He cleared his throat.
“There’s a bounty from Rhir on all Crelers the world over. The Blighted Kingdom pays it on top of whatever local bounties are in place. Izril’s Adventurer Guilds have standard rates too. So…there’s gold for killing the adult.”
He looked at Ceria. Instantly, she raised her hands.
“We don’t want it. It goes to the dead. Their families—it goes to them.”
“Yeah.”
Alais and Walt both nodded. So did the Gnoll, the lone adventurer. Keldrass nodded. Ceria had to turn.
“I’m sorry. Can I ask who you are?”
“Egliv. Part of Steelhowl.”
The Gnoll clasped Ceria’s hand, and repeated it for the other members of the Horns. He seemed worn. So tired. Ceria knew the feeling. But something in his eyes lit up as he looked at her.
“You took down that cursed Creler. Thank you. It got half my team. The rest…I’m not sure how I made it.”
“Nor are we.”
That was it. But Egliv, Alais’ teammates—Caddin was dead. The other two introduced themselves.
“Shelda and Poiv.”
“Right, we’ve met…”
“You punched my lights out.”
Poiv pointed at his eye and Yvlon ducked her head. Shelda was a [Shield Warrior], only, she used armor made of Chitin. Poiv used bone arrows as an [Archer].
“My boys and I got through it. Yvlon, Ceria, Pisces, Ksmvr—this is Dogil, Grant, and Terrim.”
The three men nodded at Ceria. Grant’s eye was gone and he had a patch over it. Dogil had wounds all over his arms, but the man had kept fighting with his axe to the last. Terrim—he clasped Ksmvr’s hand first. The orange-haired redheaded man grinned.
“Took down the adult. Nice fucking jump! Tommie would have been proud.”
“Thank you.”
The Horns looked at the other seven. Ceria did not know any of them well, save for Alais and Walt, but she would remember them. Egliv accepted a drink; alcohol was flowing freely in the Adventurer’s Guild along with Erin’s food.
There were things to do, even now. The Council came over to thank the adventurers again. Ceria missed part of the speech on the way to the bathroom, but she heard Elirr speaking solemnly to the others.
“Liscor’s Council has allocated funds for all the teams who stood and fought. I know it is not much, but it’s what the city can afford. We shall pay a pension to the dead as well.”
“And we had to go to the Antinium to pay it and keep on budget.”
Lism muttered from the back, so quietly only the Gnolls and Ceria heard. Krshia reached over and punched him.
The other adventurers accepted the monetary reward, as did the Horns. That was extra. But the Creler’s bounty on top of the one Izril’s Adventurer’s Guilds put on all the Crelers would go to the fallen. Ceria had a word with Keldrass about it as Walt and Alais joined her.
“Do you know—what will happen with the adventurer’s things? Their bodies?”
The Drake hesitated. He waved a claw and Selys came over.
“We’ll have to burn the bodies. Or rather, the Watch is doing that. The Adventurer’s Guild will distribute the possessions of the adventurers to their families or listed recipients if they have wills. Why?”
“I—Ksmvr?”
Ceria looked around. Ksmvr stepped forwards. The [Skirmisher] bowed slightly.
“I would like to purchase Captain Crossbow Stan’s bag of holding and crossbows. If it is acceptable. I understand this is a form of inheritance that adventurers practice.”
“Crossbow Stan’s…”
Alais looked startled. Keldrass peered at Ksmvr, then Ceria.
“Market price?”
“Yes.”
“That’s better than what the Adventurer’s Guild would offer. I’ll—I think that’s fine. Let me make a note.”
