6.67
Page 20
He broke off as Yvlon demonstrated her Skill. She’d begun cutting in arced cuts, building up to the sword art. When she unleashed it, Erin saw a flash of silver—and Relc and Klbkch dragged her off her feet. Half the audience stumbled back as Yvlon’s cut went across the floor, hit a rafter, and sliced a table a good eight feet in front of her in half.
“Dead gods! The table!”
“My floor!”
Tekshia hissed. She glared at Yvlon as the [Armsmistress] halted her blade and stared, wide-eyed at the damage she’d caused. Her Skill had extended the reach of her sword!
“Oops.”
“It’s got range.”
Walt breathed. Then Tekshia jabbed Yvlon in the side. Yvlon shouted as the Drake hit her in one of her bandaged spots.
“Use another Skill in my guild and I’ll use you to fix the cracks! Ancestors, you overexcited—”
The Drake grumbled as she stared at the rift Yvlon had cut in the floor. Krshia growled as she inspected the broken table.
“Good thing we were planning on moving the guild, yes?”
“I’ll say. But can we not damage parts of the city?”
Alonna eyed the cut in the rafters. Flushing, Yvlon sheathed her blade.
“That’s the best Skill we’ve seen yet! No offense, Ceria, but Yvlon wins here.”
“Yeah, yeah.”
Ceria waved a hand as the [Warriors] crowded around Yvlon. Keldrass eyed Yvlon.
“Any more Skills, Miss Byres?”
“Aside from that, and the Skill that turned my arms into this?”
“Well, yeah. Aside from that. Obviously.”
He cleared his throat, embarrassed. Yvlon smiled. She raised one hand.
“Well, as part of my new arms and skin, I can apparently do this.”
Her arm slowly changed as the crowd watched. Keldrass recoiled as Yvlon’s arms, a perfect mimicry of Human flesh, shifted. The metal moved, reshaping until it looked like Yvlon was wearing armor—over the outside of her arms. A smooth, silver metal gauntlet protected her forearms, and more armor appeared on her arms, stopping at the shoulder.
If Yvlon had been wearing her breastplate, it would have been a perfect fit. The [Armsmistress] regarded her hand, now a gauntlet, and held it out. Keldrass shook his head, but Ksmvr touched the arm softly. The woman looked around, a crooked smile on her face.
“[Armform]. This is my duelist form. I can make them normal as well. And this—let go, Ksmvr?”
He did. Yvlon whispered.
“[Armform (Razorkind)].”:
Her hand changed. Erin inhaled sharply and the crowd stirred. When Yvlon raised her hand next, a cutting edge had developed along the outer edge of her gauntlets. But that wasn’t what was unsettling.
Yvlon’s fingers were blades. Not just as if she’d put on a metal pair of gauntlets. No, the fingers, what should have been flesh and bone were now edged, longer, cutting razors. In silence, everyone stared at Yvlon. She looked up, her face a bleak smile—
Mrsha began applauding. Yvlon started, and then someone laughed. A few others began applauding uncertainly, but then there was laughter. Yvlon relaxed, and her hands returned to normal.
“I can even make a cutting edge on other parts of my arm. So if someone grabs me, they’re in trouble. It’s not too useful.”
“It’s powerful.”
That was all Keldrass could offer. Ceria hesitated, and put a hand on Yvlon’s shoulder. It was cool, but not as cold as metal. The woman could feel her—she looked at Ceria.
“Something to get used to, huh?”
“Just when I got used to having metal in my arms.”
The [Armsmistress] joked weakly, but Ceria had seen her expression.
“Are you okay with…?”
“I have my arms. I’ll live with them changing. What do you think, Ksmvr?”
