6.67
Page 10
Erin pointed vaguely at the spread which she’d catered to the Adventurer’s Guild, mainly because it was out of her kitchen and would spoil soon. That meant the party had everything from pizzas to steaks to spaghetti and risotto and scrambled eggs. And saffron rice.
Most of it was still basic food, but there was a lot of it. And the guests were only too happy to scarf it down as they talked. Erin saw Relc brighten as he grabbed a whole hamburger and a steak and then spotted a pitcher of blue fruit juice.
“This is amazing!”
“You are eating the food meant for everyone to share. Try to show some level of restraint.”
Klbkch appeared at Relc’s side with a bowl of the saffron rice. The Drake was trying to eat both hamburger and steak at the same time.
“Shut up, Klb. You’re not the one who got half-eaten trying to save people. I’m a hero.”
“Which makes the Horns of Hammerad, what? Legends?”
“Sure, if they want. Hey! I got hurt saving Erin.”
He pointed at Erin, and the [Innkeeper] blushed. She hung her head, and Klbkch nodded.
“Yes. And I died saving her.”
“Braggart.”
“Glutton. Please stop eating with your mouth open at least.”
Relc tried to reply and choked. Erin was laughing and smiling. But there it was again. This wasn’t a celebration. She kept seeing the Crelers pouring through the inn. Almost reflexively, Erin clenched her hands—
“Erin, have something to eat. The act of eating is wholesome in all examples save for Relc’s.”
Klbkch offered Erin a plate. She started and blinked at him. Then she looked around, and realized he was right. She smiled, took the plate, and nodded to him.
“Thanks, Klbkch. Are Pawn and the others…?”
“They are eating the food you delivered to the Hive, but their presence was not necessary at this moment. I believe they would prefer to celebrate in number in the Hive.”
“Oh. I thought Pawn at least—”
“I declined the invitation on their behalf.”
Erin paused. She stared at Klbkch for a long moment, and then she slowly nodded. She peered at his bowl as she changed the topic
“Okay. I’ll have to see them later. Can you—is the rice—I thought you couldn’t eat bread!”
“Rice is not gluten, Erin.”
“Really? Wow.”
Erin began wandering through the crowd, hunting for food. She remembered there was some kind of platter with meats and cheeses somewhere and she was snacky, not hungry. She found it at the same time as she found Temile.
“Temile.”
The [Director] looked up at Erin. He waved—and she saw his missing thumb. The man paused, seeing her look, but he smiled. And it was only a tiny bit forced.
“It’s a souvenir, Erin. Besides, I don’t need it to teach [Actors] how to act!”
“Are you okay? I mean…”
“Yeah. I didn’t get eaten. And this—it’s a good story, right? I was too slow so I got bit by a Creler. Well, I cut one.”
“I heard you got the rest of the Players out first. Mister humble [Actor], who’s actually a hero.”
Temile smiled, turning a bit red.
“I’m the [Director], aren’t I? Emme would kill me if one of the lead actors got eaten. Besides—I leveled up. So…”
He trailed off. Erin squeezed his shoulder and one of the [Actors] found a drink for Temile. Erin lingered there. Oh yes. Not appropriate for rewards and celebrations at all.
“Erin?”
Some people could genuinely smile. Like Mrsha. The Gnoll was happily trying to eat everything from a bowl as Lyonette carried her about. For once, the [Princess] didn’t scold her about what she was eating, and Erin smiled as she bent down.
