6.67
Page 9
“They did it! Gold-rank! Three cheers for the Horns of Hammerad! Hip, hip—hooray!”
If there was ever a hype-woman for the occasion, it was Erin. The confused audience cheered along with her. And they shouted. Tekshia grumbled as she watched, but approvingly. And then it hit Ceria. She looked at Pisces with tears in her eyes.
“We’re Gold-rank?”
Even the cynical [Necromancer] was blinking in surprise. It hadn’t even occurred to them. In a dream, they looked around. But then it hit Ceria. She looked at Erin. She spotted Octavia in the crowd, Drassi, Ishkr, Lyonette, holding up a waving Mrsha—Relc, leaning on Klbkch—and she realized it.
This was their triumph. This was their party. The half-Elf looked up. She smiled. And she stared at her team.
“Wow.”
 
—-
 
Gold-rank. Erin had meant for it to be a surprise, a joyous occasion. But—strangely, she realized Tekshia had been right. Perhaps it was just the old Drake’s natural contrariness and irascibility, but—as the party began again, Erin thought the old Guildmistress knew more than she had let on when she’d refused to make a huge speech congratulating the Horns.
They weren’t celebrating. Or rather, they weren’t running about waving their arms and screaming, which was how excited Erin had expected them to be at first. But she’d forgotten. This wasn’t their first triumph. And the battle was too close. The dead were still being counted. The moment of joy, the wild exhilaration of being alive, the triumph—that had been when they had stood in Erin’s inn. This?
This was just good. Good, not perfect. Good, not all-consuming. The moment had depth. Bitter, mixed among the sweet.
Not to most. Erin lost track of the Horns for a second as people surrounded them, wanting to shake hands, congratulate them. The [Innkeeper] looked around the full guild. The first person she spotted was Tekshia herself.
“I’m not giving them a medal. Adventurers don’t get medals. Besides, they’re not even Liscor’s team.”
The aged Drake was serving herself some of the cake Erin had made, partly ignoring Jeiss and Lism who were trying to convince her. She waved a fork dangerously near Lism’s eye.
“You don’t even like them. Fair’s fair—I don’t either, particularly. Let them have their rank.”
“It’s the look of it, Guildmistress. We have to congratulate them—”
“So let them eat cake. Not all of it. I’m having another slice. Move over.”
Tekshia grabbed the strawberry cake as well as the carrot one. She caught sight of Erin at the same time as Jeiss and Lism. The two male Drakes eyed her and Lism nodded.
“Miss Solstice.”
“Hey, jerk! And Jeiss.”
He glared at her. But then he moved aside, and Jeiss followed. Tekshia glared up at Erin.
“You make this?”
“Yup.”
“Hmf. It’s sweet. Got any cookies?”
“Over there.”
Erin had salvaged some from her kitchen. Tekshia made a beeline for the cookies and grabbed four. The old Drake had sweet teeth. So did Relc. He came over with six, munching on them.
“Hey Erin, these are great. You doing alright?”
“Oh, hey Relc. Yeah. I’m good. I uh—how are you?”
Erin was staring at Relc. He was covered in bandages from head to toe. He looked like a mummy, but the Drake was happily eating. He noticed her stare and slapped one of the bandages on his arm.
“What, this? I’m fine! See? Ow. Damn. Uh—well, I’m mostly fine. Creler poison stops healing, you know? But I can eat cookies! In fact…”
“I have more. I took a lot from the inn, actually. All the food’s…”
