6.67
Page 11
“Hey Mrsha! You having a good time? Eat up, because this is all the food we’ve got! But don’t eat too much because we’re going to eat at Wishdrink’s later! And it has good stuff too!”
“What Erin means is don’t stuff yourself.”
Lyonette prodded Mrsha’s stomach and got a swat from a little paw. The [Princess] looked at Erin over the little Gnoll and her smile faded as she shifted Mrsha.
“Belgrade will take a look at the inn tomorrow. If the Watch will be done with the cleanup by then? I mean, the Antinium can help. He says the inn might be…”
“We’ve got money. And the city is going to pay us for helping get rid of the Crelers. Right?”
Erin looked around for Krshia. The [Shopkeeper] was talking to the one Gnoll survivor amid the Silver-ranks. Krshia looked up and nodded and Lism rolled his eyes. He was bogarting a pudding. Lyonette nodded.
“Later. We’ll—later.”
Erin nodded. She bent and rubbed Mrsha’s head.
“Did you have a good sleep, Mrsha?”
The Gnoll looked up and nodded. She signed a few words.
“Ooh. Comfortable? Not too cramped? I slept at Selys’ apartment. It’s big! Ceria and Yvlon will be there too, and Pisces and Ksmvr get, uh, a room in an inn.”
“At least she has room. You don’t need an apartment that large, Selys.”
“Well, it’s perfect since Erin’s inn doesn’t work right now, right? And I’m not having you move in, Grandma!”
Selys hissed at Tekshia. Erin smiled.
“And Bird’s going to sleep in the Hive. The Halfseekers are in the same inn as Pisces and Ksmvr—are they still there, Lyonette?”
The [Princess] nodded.
“Moore and Seborn are resting. Both got chewed up pretty badly. But they’ll make an appearance later.”
“Got it. And what about…our guest?”
Lyonette met Erin’s eyes as Krshia turned her head.
“He’s resting too. I left him a book.”
 
—-
 
Numbtongue realized halfway through the book that he had to pee. So he got up, wandered over to the toilet, and stared at it.
It was apparently connected to Liscor’s sewers. Plumbing. Now there was a handy invention! The only difference was that the Hobgoblin would have added a bolt hole so you could jump into the sewers if you needed to.
But perhaps that was paranoia. Numbtongue peed, and then went back to lying on the couch. After a moment, he realized he was hungry. But he could only have liquids right now. His torn stomach needed to heal.
The Hobgoblin drank a bit of the broth Lyonette had left him. He was lounging on a worn couch. In the middle of Krshia’s apartment. Lyonette, Mrsha, and Krshia had all left for the party, leaving Numbtongue behind.
Not alone, though. Apista buzzed past Numbtongue and landed on the bed of Faerie Flowers that Lyonette had rescued from the upper floor of the inn. The Ashfire Bee fanned her wings and Numbtongue stared out the open window.
“Hrgh.”
He touched at his stomach, feeling the faint pain from his half-healed wounds. This is why he hated Crelers. The Redfang had never fought them himself; the High Passes were deadly to even smaller Crelers. But according to Pyrite’s memories the poison would prevent healing for the next few days.
Still, there were worse fates than drinking chicken soup and lying in a warm apartment with blankets and a pillow. At least Reiss’ ghost couldn’t follow him here. He was bound to the inn, or so it seemed.
He’d saved Numbtongue. But he was…the Hobgoblin shook his head. He winced—then he glanced out the open window.
