6.67
Page 16
Selys looked for a quill and ink. Alais looked blankly at Ksmvr and shook her head.
“I can’t believe he’s dead. You’re sure you saw…?”
“I’m sure. There’s no way he survived that, Alais.”
“It’s just—he’s Crossbow Stan. He’s been around forever.”
“I actually knew about his team.”
Egliv put in. The Gnoll gestured around the guild as Selys came back, writing.
“His team was around thirty years back. The Boltspitters. They came south once, my father said. They were good. Not Gold-rank, but they helped kill a bunch of Wyverns with other teams.”
“Stan was a veteran. He just—earned money. For his kids.”
“Oh dead gods. His kids.”
Ceria murmured. Walt nodded.
“How old’re they?”
“Must be—thirteen and fourteen? Dead gods. Seems like Stan’s been watching them for decades…”
“Nah. He married late, remember?”
“But he divorced—”
“Do you think she knows?”
“The Guild will inform everyone. Don’t worry. And I’ll get Ksmvr the bag of holding. We’ll do the transaction later, alright? And his family will get the gold, from the bounty and everything else. I’ll make sure of it.”
Selys broke in gently. Ceria nodded. The Drake patted her arm and stepped back. After a moment, Alais broke in.
“So. Did you level, Ceria? Your eyes…”
The half-Elf’s eyes were less noticeable than Yvlon’s arms, but they had changed too. Walt started; he hadn’t noticed. Ceria nodded.
“Class change. You?”
“Not a class change, but…I leveled four times. And I gained a few Skills. To help with my lightning. Look. I can throw it without it going everywhere.”
So saying, Alais conjured a bit of lightning and threw it from one finger to the other, catching it in midair and creating a small ball of lightning. Ceria and the others recoiled at first, used to Alais’ unpredictable magic. Ceria smiled.
“That’s better control than a third-year Wistram student, Alais! Congratulations.”
Alais smiled weakly. She was still barely on her feet, and leaning on her staff hard.
“It’s what I wanted. I’m stronger now. I can feel it. If I had it back when we were fighting—if I—if I had—”
Her voice broke. Poiv and Shelda reached for their Captain and she buried her face in her arm. Ceria stared at her and the others looked down.
It was a common adventurer’s refrain. Those that survived the worst battles invariably leveled. Becoming stronger. And yet, too late. If I could go back and do it again, as I am—
You couldn’t think about it too long. Down that road lay madness. Ceria turned to Walt as Alais went to sit down for a moment.
“What about you, Walt?”
The man would have normally bragged about a single level. Now, he just smiled quietly and exposed one thick arm. He flexed it, and then held it out for Ceria to lean on. His arm didn’t move as much as a centimeter.
“Look. [Enhanced Strength]. Fucking unbelievable, right? It’s like that Minotauress’ scroll is working on me all the time. Dead gods, I’m going to hit Level 30 before I’m thirty. I never thought of that.”
Egliv too. The [Axeman] was now a [Savage Axeman], owing to the Crelers he’d hacked apart. He even had a [Furious Rage] Skill.
“Must be the [Barbarian] in me, yes? Not that many Gnolls qualify for the class.”
“You’re too civilized. What’s the requirement for [Barbarian] anyways? Seems so…what’s the word?”
“Pejorative?”
Pisces came over, massaging his head. He seemed to be getting over his mental mind-blanking better than Ceria. She nodded at him.
It was Yvlon who looked around.
“How many Silver-rank teams are left? Out of fourteen? Five? Six?”
Keldrass sighed.
