6.67
Page 28
“Let’s just hire Hawk to deliver it to Invrisil. We only didn’t do it to save money and because we were going that way.”
“Where is he? On delivery? We can take it out of Jelaqua’s share.”
“Hey!”
The debate between the Halfseekers cut off as Ceria walked forwards. She raised a hand.
“I think it’s us.”
“What do you mean, Ceria?”
The half-Elf smiled at Erin. The young woman blinked as the Horns came over. While the Halfseekers had been debating, they’d had their own conversation. Now, Erin looked at her friends. It was Yvlon who began.
“It’s been a while since we finished the dungeon. And we always knew we wanted to go to Invrisil. I mean, we have to, in order to exchange our…”
She looked at the Halfseekers. Seborn nodded.
“We have contacts there. We’d have done it already if it wasn’t for someone jumping that Dullahan every time she—”
“Hey Seborn? You made your point. I’ll hit you right where the Creler bit you.”
Silence. Ksmvr took up where Yvlon had left off.
“I have never been to Invrisil. But it seems that this city is quite important for Gold-rank adventurers to visit, is that not right, Comrade Pisces?”
“It is certainly one of the major cities of Izril. And it would present us with a chance to update our equipment, purchase new spells—and work.”
The [Necromancer] was looking at Erin. The [Innkeeper] had a blank—perhaps deliberately blank—look in her eyes. Ceria concluded.
“And we’re done here. I mean, I’d love to stay. But we can’t. We need to…go. So if the Halfseekers aren’t going north, we will. We’ll take the door to Invrisil. It’s, what, only a bit away, right? We’ll go through the door, head north. Maybe do some work along the way, but we’ll open the door in Invrisil. And then…”
She looked at Erin. The young woman was looking at Ceria. At the Horns.
“We’ll stop by every chance we get. But we might be away for a while.”
Erin Solstice took the news silently. Mrsha popped up from Lyonette’s arms. She’d stopped crying, but now she began to howl.
“It had to happen someday. And we’re not going to be gone away forever. Erin—”
“No, I get it. But you’ll stay for a bit, right? You need to recover. And we need to have a farewell party! I can—”
Erin stopped. She slowly caught herself and looked around. So did the others.
The Wandering Inn was barely visible from the baseball field at the southern gate. It was to the east, a small building on a hill, past the tall walls of Liscor. Even from afar, Ceria saw how it was broken. The walls caved in. The floors crumbling.
She had seen it broken before, but never this badly. Erin trailed off. There was nowhere for the Horns to stay. Slowly, she looked around.
“You’re going to come back though, right?”
“Of course.”
Ceria realized her eyes were stinging. She tried not to cry. This was silly! They’d always known this day would come. And she wasn’t even leaving yet. It was just her…aura. Conjuring a bit of snow.
That was all. Slowly, Erin looked at her friends. At Ksmvr, pausing, head turning towards the distance, already calculating provisions, supplies, thinking of his team. At Yvlon, feeling at her arms, smiling crookedly. Ceria, trying not to cry and failing as she looked at the young woman. And Pisces. He looked…tired. But happier than when they’d met. He bowed slightly as Erin looked at him.
“Thank you for taking care of a rather wretched fool, Miss Solstice. Erin. But we all must go. We shall come back. That is a promise.”
“Always.”
