6.67
Page 2
“Ceria is right, Erin. We can’t cast magic or concentrate too hard…concentrate…facilitate concentration…”
He paused. Ceria grinned at his expression.
“Our minds are overworked. We’re both stupid. We can’t cast magic, either.”
“What, really?”
“Every time I try, I keep thinking about animating bones. Which I can’t do. Palt says we’re suffering from the linked magic we did. Combining disciplines means we’re having trouble uncombining. Did I make sense?”
“Sort of. Are you going to be okay?”
Ceria nodded.
“We can’t cast spells for a few days and we’ll be bleh for a while. But we’re fine. We got off lucky, really. If we kept pushing it, our brains would have melted out our ears.”
“Hah.”
“Yeah.”
Ceria and Pisces nodded seriously. Erin’s tentative smile faded. She looked around. So did the Horns. They could go back to the silence, but it had been nearly two hours. A quiet opening to the morning. And time was moving on. Ceria looked up as someone knocked on the door to their private room.
“Can I get you anything else, sirs, madams?”
A female Gnoll with combed, neat hair, and a charming smile, almost as good as Erin’s untrained charisma, opened the door a bit. Ceria looked around.
“This beef stuff is really good. Warms me up. Anyone want anything else?”
“I’m full.”
Yvlon waved a hand. Ksmvr nodded.
“So am I. I will disgorge to make more room if I eat more, Captain Ceria.”
Pisces just shook his head. Erin peered at Ceria’s drink. But then she shook her head as well.
“We’re fine, thank you! Breakfast was awesome.”
“Our pleasure, Miss Solstice. If you need anything—”
The Gnoll [Hostess] left. It was funny, seeing her waiting tables, because she didn’t look like Drassi or the [Waiters] or [Barmaids] or [Servers] in Erin’s inn. But that was because this wasn’t Erin’s inn. Rather, this tavern was known for its staff who were entertainers, relentlessly good at cooking, games, casual conversation—and could do menial tasks like pouring drinks and waiting tables too. Today, they were just serving food, and the Horns of Hammerad were their guests.
They were in a private room at Wishdrinks. The famous tavern really was the best in the city. Erin had to admit their food had that thing her critics liked to call ‘spices’ and ‘delicacy’, and their staff was friendly. Their rooms were plush, comfortable, with private dining areas and a public area—even a dancing floor! And their tavern wasn’t blown to bits and being cleared of Creler corpses.
One day had passed. Or rather, a sleepless night. Erin was still unsteady and yawning, even after a cup of bracing tea that really ought to have been coffee. But the [Host] had added a bit of stamina potion and Erin had perked right up.
Last night. Erin remembered it in flashes. Getting the adventurers immediate medical attention, trying to understand what had happened. She’d feared the worst when Relc had spotted the adult Creler still alive.
But it had been dead. And what followed was understanding how it had died. More than that, clearing the dead Crelers, finishing off the living ones hiding in the inn and the Bloodfields, scouring the area for their eggs. And then finding the fallen.
It was still going on. But Erin wasn’t part of that work. Nor were the Horns. They had slept after the battle, almost from evening till midmorning of the next day. They’d eaten here, courtesy of Wishdrink’s owner. The tavern was open to the adventurers who’d killed an adult Creler.
