6.67
Page 18
“Oh, right. So that’s an upgrade? Cold [Cryomancer]?”
“Colder. I think it’s a hint about my specialization. I didn’t get a powerful new spell, but I did get two Skills that change…well, look.”
Ceria gestured, and a wall of ice rose. Instantly, Tekshia struck it with her cane, lancing it out like a spear.
“Not in my guild—”
She paused as her cane thwacked into the ice. The tip of the cane vibrated away from the ice wall, chipping a bit with it. But it didn’t break. Keldrass raised his brows. Behind Tekshia, Relc pointed and crowed.
“Oh snap. Old Tekshia’s lost her—don’t throw it!”
Tekshia lowered her cane as Relc ducked behind Klbkch. She turned to Ceria and the half-Elf gestured at the [Ice Wall].
“[Glaciersheet Ice]. And [Adept Iceform]. An upgrade of my old Skill. I can make my ice different, see?”
She gestured and a row of spikes emerged from the [Ice Wall]. Ksmvr brightened.
“Ooh. It has spikes. There is much potential here for pushing.”
“Push people into a wall, have the wall come up and impale them…”
Pelico was impressed. Erin, Lyonette, and Mrsha popped over with a crowd, to watch Ceria’s demonstration. Lyonette frowned as Mrsha tried to touch the spikes, so Ceria made the ice wall flat again. Erin looked at Ceria, beaming with pride.
“You did it! It’s tough, right? And you can shape it? Can you do a couch made of ice? No, wait! Make a castle!”
Ceria’s head was smarting. She winced—even this one spell was giving her a migraine. But she tried the couch. She had to give up halfway as her headache became blinding.
“Palt said no magic!”
Alarmed, Yvlon touched Ceria’s arm and the half-Elf gave up. The others inspected the angular bit of ice.
“It looks sort of like a couch.”
“Someone sit on it. How long will it last?”
“Longer, I think. Darn. My head—”
“No more magic, even for demonstrations.”
Ceria nodded, and someone pushed an unlucky volunteer onto the couch. It turned out to be Ishkr. The Gnoll tensed, and then shuddered.
“Cold! I’m stuck to it! Help me off!”
His fur was frozen to the ice. Laughing, Ceria watched, massaging her head as half the [Mages] volunteered to burn Ishkr off, including Keldrass’ team. In the end, some hot water did the trick.
“But you can also make snowflakes! You have that cold…bubble around you! Show them, Ceria!”
This wasn’t magic. Or at least, it didn’t hurt to show off. Ceria concentrated, and the air around her grew frosty. Ice began falling from the air and Mrsha put her paw out and caught one. It melted when she tried to pull it out. Lyonette put her hand towards Ceria and drew it back fast.
“It’s cold!”
“[Aura of Rime]. That’s my big Skill, I think.”
“Is it that powerful? Seems sort of weak if all it does is make snow.”
Walt commented as he stuck a mug next to Ceria’s cheek to cool. She narrowed her eyes and his drink froze into a slurry. Selys raised her eyebrows as Walt swore.
“Auras are physical manifestations of magical fields. Hers could boost her abilities, freeze things more quickly or act as a weapon. I’d say it’s good. Like Pisces said, [Mages] get different Skills that shape how they perform higher tiers of magic.”
“Is it like your master, Captain Ceria?”
Ksmvr looked at Ceria as he experimentally waved a burning torch near her and watched the fire go out. Ceria’s aura was pure cold, not just a manifestation of winter. The half-Elf shook her head.
“Illphres didn’t have one. But she only cared for her magic. Her style was more…well, I don’t know what she had. But I’m okay with my style. Besides, I don’t feel cold. The real trick is turning it off.”
