6.67
Page 22
Ceria nodded. After a moment, she accepted the spliff and the match. She recognized it from Octavia’s sh—Ceria’s eyes narrowed. She looked around for the [Alchemist] and realized that Octavia had been stealthily doing a bit of business. Some things never changed. But the [Alchemist] was genuinely listening to Ksmvr as the Antinium explained the difference in Yvlon’s skin to her.
“Whew. That’s strong stuff.”
“Not bad. This is the kind of hobby you can afford now.”
Tekshia nodded as Ceria took a few deep inhales and coughed out some smoke. The Drake was more steady, but Ceria had a purpose.
“Not happy, huh?”
The [Arctic Cryomancer] hesitated.
“Is it that obvious?”
Tekshia put her feet up on the table, leaning back in her chair.
“I don’t have to look. Day after a battle like that? With all the dead? I told the Council not to throw a party, but they insisted. Your little [Innkeeper] friend too. At least she makes a decent cake. But what did they expect? This isn’t a party. It’s a wake.”
She pointed at the workers on the road crew. They were speaking solemnly and toasting with their mugs. Ceria realized that the food had mostly turned to drinks. She wondered if Tekshia had been instrumental to that; it wouldn’t have been high on Erin’s list. She didn’t understand some of the pleasures in life.
“I guess I can’t really be happy. I wish we’d—being here after all of yesterday—you know?”
Tekshia nodded silently. She took a drag on her puffer and exhaled.
“If you were smiling the entire time after all that, I’d stab you, girl. Mind you, that’s what some Named Adventurers look like, even after a slaughter. I remember one…no. No, you don’t need to smile. And you don’t need to be here. It’s just silly idiots trying to make themselves feel better.”
For some reason, that helped more than anything else. Ceria smiled and looked at Tekshia.
“What do we do?”
“Do? You’re Gold-rank. You’ll have time to figure it out. I’m sure everyone has an opinion. Just sleep. Wake up. And keep going as long as you want. Then—stop. I stopped. Some of us don’t.”
The Drake lazing waved her spliff in the air. The half-Elf nodded. They sat together, smoking, until Erin Solstice came over.
“Hey! Are you doing pot? There are kids here, you know!”
Tekshia glared at Erin. She very deliberately blew a cloud of smoke at Erin.
“This is my guild, girl. You may exit if you don’t like it.”
“Well, maybe I will!”
“Good. Get out. Leave the cake and cookies.”
Erin hesitated. She looked at Ceria and the half-Elf waved at her.
“It’s not bad, Erin. Honest.”
“Well—well—I’m going outside! Krshia says there’s something cool by the southern gate, so we’re going to all go that way. Olesm’ll be there. And the Horns. And Montressa and the others.”
Ceria sat up. Tekshia gently snorted as the crowd inside made for the doors. Some remained, but after a moment, Ceria got up and followed Erin. She reluctantly froze the spliff for later.
“Where’d you get that?”
Pisces muttered to Ceria. She pointed. His brows shot up.
“She’s not going to give you one. I don’t know how Ceria got one off her. She never shares anything.”
Selys complained. Erin gave her a betrayed look. The [Heiress] rolled her eyes.
“Oh, Erin. It’s fine! Grandmother’s been having those for ages. I used to get into them as a kid.”
“You’re all stoners!”
“And you’re being a hatchling.”
Ceria didn’t listen to the argument erupting behind her, which was mainly Erin and Lyonette versus everyone else. Yvlon seemed on Erin’s side, but she elected not to join in. The adventurers and civilians walked down the street, heading towards…what?
