6.67
Page 17
“Eight, but only three full-strength. Some, like the Boltspitters will have to be disbanded. Or…find a new team.”
“Dead gods.”
Egliv nodded.
“I have an invitation from The Pride of Kelia. Nailren, he invited me. I might take it.”
“Nailren’s good. They’re a ranged team, but they could use someone like you. Hell, Gemhammer might have you, Egliv. They’re all about muscle and melee combat.”
“I—I guess Thunder’s Solace needs to recruit too. We’re going to still…I mean, we have to keep going.”
Alais looked blank as she rejoined the conversation. Walt stared at Egliv.
“Yeah. Our team’s down too. Hey. You want to join us?”
Ceria, Yvlon, Alais, and Pelico all stared at Walt. He looked around.
“Can’t hurt to recruit in Liscor. We could use more fighters. We’re all shields, but…I think the Ensoldier Shields need a [Mage] or two. [Archers], at least.”
“I’ll think about it.”
Egliv looked surprised, gratified, but he shook his head. Keldrass did too.
“Don’t think about adventuring just yet. You all need rest.”
“Even so, so many teams…”
“That’s what happens.”
A steely voice cut through the conversation. The adventurers turned and saw Tekshia walk past them. The Drake sipped from her cup as she entered the group.
“The Silver-rank teams around Celum are torn to bits. It’s the Bronze-ranks and a few Silvers left, now. But we have at least three teams who might be Gold-rank in the future.”
She nodded at Walt, Alais, and Ceria’s teams. They looked at her. Tekshia’s voice was strict, but not unkind.
“This is what happens, children. Good teams die, and the survivors level up. You, Horns. Did you level or did that [Necromancer] just pop in a few new eyes and some arms?”
Yvlon choked on her drink. Pisces nearly exhaled his pasta all over everyone else. Only Ksmvr clapping a hand over his mouth saved everyone. The Antinium politely wiped his hand on a napkin as everyone looked at the Horns. Ceria hesitated, but now wasn’t the time to keep secrets, surely…?
Pisces broke the silence, coughing and thumping his chest. He pointed at himself.
“Two levels in my [Necromancer] class for summoning both behemoths. However, my [Mage] class hit Level 20 for a second time.”
Ceria blinked at him. The young man shrugged.
“I gained a new Skill. A powerful one, in my estimation. [Mana Well]. Ashen.”
“Ooh.”
“What’s ooh?”
Walt looked confused as Alais and Ceria both nodded. One of Keldrass’ teammates was nodding as the [Necromancer] explained.
“Of the Skills which [Mages] obtain to increase the font of their power—and they are the lynchpins of most sources of power, [Mana Well] is considered average. Rather than increasing the body’s natural mana regeneration, or changing the very world or body itself to conduct mana better—”
He gestured to Ceria.
“—I simply have deeper reservoirs of mana to draw upon. And I may…charge my reserves with ambient mana of a specific grade. Death magic, in my case.”
Walt frowned.
“So…”
“He’s got an extra amount of magic in his body to use.”
Tekshia snorted as she chewed on a cookie. Pisces looked at her and she glared.
“You use too many words, brat! Yes, that Skill’s useful for a [Necromancer]. Not earthshattering. What happened with you, half-Elf?”
She poked Ceria, aiming her fork at Ceria’s eyes. The half-Elf flinched backwards.
“I changed classes. I’m…an [Arctic Cryomancer].”
It was a modest class change, but it got another ooh of appreciation. From almost everyone this time. Shelda frowned and looked around.
“What does arctic mean? I’m not familiar with the word.”
“Cold. You know, arctic weather?”
