6.68
Page 29
Ryoka lunged forwards. She took aim; there was no time to kick. The female [Assassin] raised her dagger, got a jab to the face. Then two heavy hits. One-two—Ryoka hit her, ducked back. She had her hands up, guarding her face. She swung in, fast, as the dagger slashed wildly. Three, four—five—
The masked woman folded up. Ryoka stood over her, panting wildly as the Earthworlders and Alber both stared at her. The Earthworlders’ eyes were wide; Alber just blinked. He looked at Ryoka.
“Ryoka.”
“Hey, Alber.”
She panted. The [Fistfighter] looked at the unconscious [Assassin].
“Nice punches. I guess you do know something. What’s happening?”
Magnolia Reinhart’s estates were under siege. [Assassins] fought with [Maids] and [Servants] as the city folk stared in horror. There were so many [Assassins]! The staff were retreating inside the building. Ryoka saw Bekia dueling the leader—the Steel Golem had been beheaded! They were going to—
Something blurred past Ryoka, shooting down the streets. Alber grabbed her as a ghostly horse raced past.
“What is that?”
Really fast pink death. The carriage hit the first group of [Assassins] and Ryoka saw one bounce off the front before landing on the ground. Another tried to dodge; the impact sent her flying. She was actually alive when she landed—right until one of the carriage’s wheels ran over her head.
“Reynold!”
The [Combat Butler] took the carriage around in a tight loop. He’d drawn his sword and was defending himself from [Assassins] trying to leap on the pink carriage as it ran over another fleeing shape. Ryoka nearly turned back—but what could she do?
Protect the kids.
“Let’s get out of here! Follow me!”
She pointed. Rose and the others needed no encouragement. Even Alber pounded after her as they fled the fighting. The City Watch was gathering uncertainly, wide-eyed [Guardsmen] staring at the combat well above their pay grade and level.
Past the crowds. Out the gates. In the confusion, no one stopped him. The Earthworlders were babbling questions—Alber was staring back at her.
“What was that?”
Ryoka felt a twist in her stomach. She hesitated.
“It wasn’t me. I’m pretty sure. Magnolia Reinhart is under attack. This is a war.”
“A war? Between Reinhart and the Assassin’s Guild?”
Alber paled. Ryoka nodded tightly.
“Them, and whoever else is against Magnolia. Alber, you should get out of the city. Thanks for helping me—”
“What do we do?”
The City Runner and [Fistfighter] turned. Rose stared back the way they’d come. Smoke was rising from the mansion. Ryoka looked at them.
“It’s not safe for you. You’ll be targets if you stay under Magnolia’s protection. These [Assassins] had no idea you were even here. The next lot will.”
“But—what do we do?”
The young woman demanded, pale-faced. Someone, Troy, was being sick again. Ryoka looked at them. People from Earth. But not—she hesitated. They were looking at her. What could she do?
“There’s someone I know. From our world. He—no. She can take care of you.”
In a split second, Ryoka made a decision. She looked back at the mansion. Then at the Earthworlders. They had their electronics, at least. Ryoka looked at Troy’s laptop, a smartphone in Galina’s hand. She felt at her belt pouch and cursed.
“I’m going to have to borrow money from Fierre. Alber—I need to get these people to Reizmelt. Will you help me?”
The [Fistfighter] nodded. Imani looked back.
“But—Bekia. Nerrissa. What will—”
“I’ll come back. But regardless of what happens, you’re not safe here. You need to go somewhere else.”
“Where?”
“The Wandering Inn. Erin runs it. She can help you.”
