6.68
Page 8
Daly bellowed. The room fell silent. He looked around. Then at Geneva. The [Doctor] was still looking at him. Just looking. And Daly wondered if he’d taken away her smile again. But even so.
“Listen up. We can’t go back in time. We’ve got an offer from the Titan. Wistram’s got people from earth. And we have gunpowder. The cat’s out of the bag. Now, let’s talk about what happens next.”
 
—-
 
Flos Reimarch liked balconies like he liked thrones. He could take them or leave them, but he had to admit, they did give a view. But he wasn’t much for pontificating.
“Look! Another group of my people! There, Orthenon!”
“I see them, your Majesty.”
The [Steward] stood next to his King. Flos of Reim was doing what he loved: watching his people. In this case, his people returning.
From far and wide they were coming. Across Chandrar’s arid land. People. Citizens who claimed allegiance to the King of Destruction. Flos’ proclamation of peace had sparked a migration.
It had been hard-won. Tiqr had fallen. But the King of Destruction had kept to his vow, when every nation had been prepared for him to break his word. And because he had, his people had come.
Neither Flos nor Orthenon were using any sight-enhancing artifacts, so the distant group was hard even for Orthenon to count.
“It seems like a group of ten thousand, your Majesty. I shall send riders to appraise their condition. And they must be settled, at least temporarily. Perhaps in Hellios or Germina?”
His words were as always, crisp, precise. And pointed. Flos ignored the look as well.
“In time, Orthenon. But they must come here first. They are my people. They have travelled here for me. Should I not greet them?”
The [Steward] sighed, but he didn’t argue with that point. Flos was smiling, with pure, genuine happiness.
“Orthenon, my horse. I’ll ride out to greet them.”
“Your Majesty, it would be more dignified to wait for their arrival.”
“Nonsense—”
“It would honor them, my Lord. Think of your position as it affects them. Do the service of greeting them as they would will it.”
The King of Destruction paused. Orthenon heard the female voice and turned his head. Gazi the Omniscient grinned, two of her four eyes on Flos, the other two inspecting the far-off band. She looked at Orthenon and he gave her a grudging nod.
“Hrmf. I suppose you’re right, Gazi.”
Flos looked displeased, but he acquiesced. He stood on his balcony, resting his scarred arms on the stonework as he stared at the approaching group. Some were moving faster towards Reim than the others now. The [King] blinked as he stared. Then he looked at Gazi.
“Gazi—do you see—”
The half-Gazer only smiled. Flos made a sound.
“What is it?”
Orthenon looked at Gazi, keenly aware of how good her four lesser eyes were, never mind her injured main eye. The [Scout] grinned.
“Armored troops. Look.”
She pointed out a fast-moving group, all on foot, surging ahead of the rest. Orthenon saw Flos’ eyes widen. He breathed.
“The Rustängmarder.”
“What? Are you sure?”
Even the [Steward] looked astonished. Gazi nodded. Flos was staring at the fast-moving group of about a hundred or so.
“At least a company of them. How did they abandon their contract…?”
“They must have split from the main army.”
Orthenon smiled, despite himself. One of the finest infantry groups in the world was marching straight towards the capital. The [Steward] could even hear their chanting from afar. He wondered if they’d brought their death drums. With even a hundred, they could…
