6.68
Page 18
Madain was drinking some stale water straight from the pitcher. He grunted as he swallowed.
“Alber, right. He’s off to another city. Left last night.”
“Oh. He didn’t say anything to me. How about you, Fierre?”
The broker shook her head. Ryoka felt a pang of guilt. She had liked Alber. And she was afraid he hadn’t liked her that much. Another missed opportunity.
But—don’t dwell on it. Or if you do, not now. Ryoka smiled as she looked back at Fierre and Madain disappeared into his kitchen.
“Alright, contrary to what Madain says, I’m pretty sure neither of us want to be here when he has breakfast. I’ve seen him eat.”
Fierre laughed and shuddered as she rose. The two got up and headed for the door. Ryoka was smiling, but the news about Alber reminded her of something.
“So—Fierre. I might go to that address you gave me. If you’ll tell me which city it is. Or just give me the address again. Come on.”
She held out a hand. Fierre had told her the address before, but celebration drinking had wiped most of it from Ryoka’s head. And now she was being very reluctant to hand the information over to Ryoka again. The Vampire girl paused. She looked at Ryoka as they stood in the shade outside Madain’s inn. She pulled her hood over her head.
“I—look, Ryoka. I know this matters to you. But that group you had me find is backed by…her.”
“I know.”
“I just don’t want you to get hurt. I mean, the…Stitch Witch is one thing. But this is another very dangerous lady.”
Ryoka sighed. Reflexively, she scratched at her missing fingers.
“I know. But Fierre—”
“No, listen.”
The Vampire girl gripped Ryoka and swung her around easily. She was so much stronger than her appearance suggested. She stared up at Ryoka, her red eyes intent.
“Look, Ryoka, I know you’re advancing fast as a City Runner. You’ve got credibility, speed, your wind, and some fame for your runs. You’ll be getting the real contracts, soon. Private ones, or even the kind of requests that Couriers might get. High-level City Runners can compete with some Couriers. It’s all in the future. I just don’t want you to toss it all away by making an enemy of…her.”
Fierre hesitated. Ryoka understood nervousness, but Fierre was reluctant to even say the name out loud.
“The Flower Lady. She—she’s ‘nice’ now. But do you know how she gained control of her family? Do you know what she can do? What her family did in the past? Balmer has stories—”
Ryoka put a hand on Fierre’s shoulder. Tried to budge her. It was like trying to move a rock. She sighed and tried words instead.
“I’m sure. Please, Fierre. I’m not going to make her my enemy. I’m just going to…negotiate. Make a trade. And she knows me. If she was going to kill me—well, she’s had a lot of patience with me so far.”
The Vampire girl hesitated. She looked Ryoka up and down.
“Can’t I talk you out of it?”
“I did pay you all that money to find them. Trust me. It’s fine. I’m not going to start anything. Runner’s honor.”
“Hah!”
But Fierre did let go of Ryoka. She fished in her belt pouch and pulled out the bit of parchment where she’d written the address. She handed it to Ryoka and the City Runner unfolded it.
“Aha. I knew I remembered the street. But not the city. Hold on—”
Ryoka stared at the address. Then she frowned. She looked at Fierre, and went for the small map in her belt pouch. Ryoka unfolded it, stared at the city listed on the piece of parchment. Stared at the map. She cursed.
“Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me. They were right there? All this time?”
She jabbed a dot on the map barely thirty miles south of Reizmelt. Fierre grinned weakly.
