6.68
Page 12
Fragments. Across the world, history was in motion, being decided. Some events were momentous, or reaching a precipice. But in some places, time flowed onwards. Steadily. The world wasn’t one big buildup to the next event. And the future, however interesting, still came one day at a time.
In Liscor, two Gnolls poured themselves a drink in Elirr’s pet shop after retiring early from a game of baseball. They were tired of watching Grimalkin hit the ball out of sight, anyways. One of them was the owner.
The [Beast Trainer] had a stiff Gnollish drink in one paw. Cats meowed and wandered around the shop. But Elirr ignored them as he raised the cup.
So did Krshia. The [Royal Shopkeeper] smiled.
“The month of Rerrk ends. To the warm days, Elirr.”
“Thank you, Krshia.”
They clinked cups gently and drank. The Gnollish drink was smooth, not like the fiery stuff Drakes liked to imbibe at every opportunity. But it was also very strong. Krshia growled with pleasure as she felt it warm her up.
Drinking a cup to mark the end of the month of Rerrk was a Gnollish tradition, and as such, one the Plains Gnolls practiced by themselves so they didn’t have to explain or justify it to everyone. Even Erin. Both Gnolls liked Erin, but knowing her, she’d introduce pizza to it somehow.
There were other things to do too, of course. Although the drink and conversation was important. Elirr and Krshia were the best match, hence them standing in Elirr’s pet shop. Across the city, Gnolls would be doing the same. Krshia spared a thought for little Mrsha—but she didn’t need to observe it yet. She sighed as she took another sip.
“An eventful spring.”
“More so than I can remember. Raskghar, Moths—I think I shall lose all my hair. Or turn grey entirely.”
Elirr grumbled. He was already refilling his drink. Krshia couldn’t disagree, either.
“It feels long. But then, the Winter Sprites came late and left early, yes?”
He nodded.
“A shorter winter. So if the spring was four and a half months…maybe two months till the summer solstice?”
Krshia thought about that. Four months per season. And if Rerrk was about now…she shrugged.
“Close enough. The time of the meeting of tribes is upon us at last. It feels like forever since the last one, yes?”
“Ten years. I can remember where I was. There were less cats. Shoo!”
The Gnoll grinned and shooed a cat trying to sniff at his cup. The affronted animal turned and flipped its tail at Elirr, exposing its butthole. The Gnoll rolled his eyes and turned away.
“I don’t know how they all learn to do that. Or that it’s so disgusting. Yes, the meeting of tribes awaits. Although…do you know what Erin called it? The Gnollmoot. That…what’s a moot?”
“Hrr. I have no idea. Another drink?”
“Ah, here.”
A pause as both refilled their cups and drank again. Krshia sighed.
“Ten years. And this time, we have a gift worthy of our tribe! I have not told my sister yet what it was except in vaguest detail lest it be overheard in our correspondence. But it will be unsurpassed, I think.”
Elirr grinned, sharing her delight.
“And there are Gnolls in power in a Drake city. That is not little, even compared to our gift!”
The female Gnoll nodded. She grinned, showing all her teeth, but then she paused, contemplatively. It was such a huge change. She was on the Council. Who could have imagined that a year ago?
