6.68
Page 3
“You stand accused of high treason against the Blighted Kingdom, High Magus. You and six others! Six of our High Magi! Tell me why, at least.”
The woman opened her mouth. She bit back a sound of pain and snarled.
“Why? You need to ask, Hayvon? Performing the ritual again is madness! Sheer madness! One million lives! For a fraction of what? Children? The Blighted King has lost his mind.”
The two [Mages] standing next to Laisa moved. One nearly struck her, but Lord Hayvon shook his head. He stared down at Laisa and then turned away. Back to the fields. He spoke, absently.
“Do you know what happens when the Demon King marshals his forces, High Magus Laisa? It looks nothing like the stalemate of today. And you have fought on our front lines. But when his Deathless take to the field, armies die.”
“So you don’t care that a million unborn children will die?”
Laisa snapped. Lord Hayvon rounded on her. And heat entered his voice.
“I care. Do you think I would not? Do you think His Majesty does not? But he and I would sacrifice anything to end this war. To finally drive the Demons back! Wouldn’t you?”
“Not like this. Are we Demons? I thought his Majesty was better than the Demon King, Lord Operland.”
The High Magus glared at him. Lord Hayvon drew breath to respond as his hand twitched towards his side. Someone opened the doors to the balcony.
“Lord Operland? The guests have arrived.”
Lord Hayvon paused and addressed the servant.
“Have Sir Richard and his company delay our ride a moment longer. I shall be with them shortly. What of Sir Tom?”
“Retired to his quarters already, Lord Operland.”
“I see. Leave him be unless he requests anything.”
The [Lord] waved the servant away. Then he turned to the High Magus.
“High Magus Laisa, you would have the Blighted Kingdom sheathe its sword rather than attack the enemy. I have a son and a young daughter. I know what the ritual entails. But I would use it. I have ordered tens of thousands of men and women to their deaths with a single word. No doubt, I have overseen the death of a million souls at least.”
Lord Hayvon stared at his hands. Scarred from battle. He shook his head.
“What are a million lives unborn compared to the horrors the Demons will inflict on us? What makes this the step too far, High Magus?”
She said nothing. Laisa’s lips were compressed as the worms ate deeper once more. Hayvon paused. He leaned forwards and the cowardly Vorepillars fled even his shadow.
“Tell me where the other [Mages] are hiding. And what they fear more than Demons, that they have rebelled against the kingdom.”
For a moment, the High Magus seemed like she might keep silent. But pain—or anger—loosened her tongue. She shouted back.
“We fear tearing the world apart. We fear a spell that should not work! Magic that has no origin and rips a hole in a void we cannot even sense! We fear—”
She paused, breathing hard. Her eyes went to the door and she whispered.
“We fear that child’s madness. That [Clown]. And another world filled with weapons that can sunder islands! We fear the Blighted King’s ambitions, Lord Operland.”
“You have lost faith with him?”
“He is consumed. Impaired! Nereshal should have never let him live so long! He will lead the Blighted Kingdom to death! You must convince him to change his mind! The ritual—”
Lord Hayvon turned away. He waved a hand and one of the [Mages] gagged Laisa with a spell. Hayvon shook his head.
