6.68
Page 14
The two Antinium nodded to each other. They stared around the city and then kept walking. One of the Antinium was a bit taller than the other, as befit his higher status. His name was Tersk. The other was known as Dekass. They were Prognugators. They did not wear their customary steel armor. They were being subtle.
“Prognugator Tersk.”
“Yes, Dekass?”
“I do not comprehend why we have been sent to establish relations before the Grand Queen’s envoys to the Free Antinium.”
Tersk turned his head as the two wandered down the street.
“We are acting as both a personal greeting from the Armored Queen, and a…preparatory measure of sorts, Dekass. A warning. My desire to visit the city of Liscor is also personal, as I have informed you.”
Dekass analyzed the statement and nodded.
“Even so. I understand that the Armored Queen desires closer ties with these ‘Free Antinium’, Tersk. But I do not comprehend your personal ‘connection’ with the Antinium Worker known as Pawn.”
Tersk paused.
“There is much here that may benefit the Hives, Dekass. I have seen it. And you will observe the same too. Soon. Now, I must inquire for directions. Maintain the disguise.”
A Drake was passing down the street with a Gnoll. Both of them were fairly young, and they halted as Tersk raised a hand. The Prognugator spoke slowly to the Drake.
“Hello. Sir. We are normal Workers. Looking for our Hive. Will you direct us to the nearest Antinium location? That, and/or the whereabouts of Revalantor Klbkch of the Free Antinium?”
The Drake and Gnoll stared at the two towering Antinium. They looked at each other. After a second, the Drake pointed.
“Hive’s that way.”
“Thank you, sir. We will humbly go about our duties.”
Tersk and Dekass strode past the duo. The Drake opened and closed his mouth. The Gnoll growled.
“This city, man. I tell you. It gets weirder every day…”
The two Antinium didn’t hear. Dekass turned to Tersk as they went in the direction of the Free Antinium’s Hive.
“Communications were successful, Tersk. The citizens are completely ignorant to our presence. This city is weak. The Armored Antinium could take it with a single legion thanks to the access tunnel.”
Tersk nodded. The access tunnel was done. And the two Antinium were the first visitors to the city. More would come.
“Liscor is indeed vulnerable. But I am convinced the city is useful to the Antinium in its own way. The Free Antinium may be a more substantially allied Hive than the others. Especially the Twisted Antinium.”
Dekass paused.
“If the Armored Queen desired an alliance, Prognugator Tersk, she would have informed us.”
“I am merely speculating as to her plans.”
“Speculation is a form of extrapolation not needed by Prognugators!”
The other Antinium grew agitated. Tersk looked coolly at him.
“I am the first of the Armored Prognugators, Dekass. Speculation is within my domain of allowed thoughts. Focus yourself. We are all working to a greater purpose. We are all Antinium. It is our destiny to conquer Izril. Even if there is dissent. Combined, the six Hives may finally complete our objectives the Grand Queen has laid out for us. Or the Armored Queen’s personal directives.”
Dekass’ antennae waved furiously as he walked with military precision after Tersk.
“I have doubt that these Free Antinium have much to show the rest of Antinium, Tersk.”
“You are wrong, Dekass.”
The other Antinium considered the statement. Grudgingly, he opened his mandibles.
“I will concede one point. The inn we passed was somewhat enticing. At least that was impressive architecture. Very porous.”
Tersk nodded.
