6.68
Page 6
Paige came out and said it. Everyone nodded, but they were disturbed. Siri murmured.
“It’s the Forgotten Wing Company. One of the four Great Companies. It’s—well, it’s big, Paige. When they go to war, it’s like five nation’s worth of armies fighting at once.”
“But they’re not fighting.”
“But they’re huge. And they can be dangerous. Remember the Roving Arrow company? The Razorshard Armor company? They can do what they want.”
Daly spoke up quietly. Luan nodded as the others grew sober.
“I told you what I saw at Daquin. That was a—a game, and people died. At least six, I heard. They brought in warships.”
“Tulm the Mithril.”
Ken murmured. The Japanese [Negotiator] looked around. Luan’s return had hardly been quiet. People had seen him playing at Daquin. Even now, Dullahans kept stopping Luan, wanting to buy him a drink to hear all about the Titan’s game and his role in it. And Tulm the Mithril. The [Rower] nodded.
“When Daly says they’re dangerous, I agree. But it is a big opportunity. And as I said, I saw the Titan of Baleros.”
“He’s tiny! A Lilliputian, right?”
“I have no idea what that is, Paige. But yeah, a small man. Only—”
Luan gestured with his hand. Daly shook his head.
“No wonder the buggers at the bar laughed their asses off when I asked how tall he was. Bastards.”
Siri grinned. The Swedish [Ranger] paused, then looked around.
“All we have to do is say yes or no. That’s simple. The harder part is—the Mage’s Guild.”
Daly nodded. All eyes turned to him.
“Daly, will you tell us what you saw again?”
The Australian man took a seat. He shrugged at Ken.
“Like I said, Ken. Nothing much. I saw an American flag in the Mage’s Guild. Just…over the counter. Someone had made one. I think I played it well when I asked the [Receptionist] about it. But I also think she took down my name and details.”
Silence. Dead silence around the table. Kirana was nervously clasping her hands together. The [Housekeeper] looked at Paige. Paige, their [Engineer], looked at Geneva. The [Doctor] was frowning.
“Are you sure it wasn’t a coincidence? Maybe there are other flags—”
“With fifty stars and stripes? Believe me, I counted, Geneva. You can look yourself. But—be careful. That [Receptionist] wanted me to talk with the Guildmaster. She’s on the lookout for people from Earth.”
“But what does that mean? Does that mean Wistram knows about us? Are there people at Wistram? Wherever that is?”
Kenjiro paused.
“I hear Wistram is…different. I hear many good things about Wistram. And bad things. The war with Tiqr, for instance.”
“What about it?”
A hand. Paige cut off Ken’s reply as she looked around the meeting of the company’s leadership.
“Ask Ken later. Look, the flag tells us one thing. There are more people from Earth. They’re at Wistram. We know they’re at Wistram. The question is: are they there against their will? Do we trust the academy? Do we trust…anyone?”
She looked at the letter as Aiko passed it to her. Paige picked it up, speaking quietly.
“What do we do if Geneva goes? Tell this Titan about Earth? It’s one thing to get attention on Geneva’s medicine. Another to give anyone what we know.”
She looked at Daly for a moment and he paused, his face blank. Luan sighed.
“We have to do something. We can’t be alone.”
“We’re too weak. If another company attacks Talenqual and beats the Featherfolk Brigade—we can’t even kill most Silver-rank monsters, let alone Gold. The Bushrangers, I mean.”
