6.68
Page 26
Okay, it was. But on the other hand—no. Ryoka looked at the expensive mansion, the staff who’d keep the Earthworlders alive, if not always happy. Food on the table, roof over your head—and a stipend. All for nothing.
This is what happened when Magnolia Reinhart didn’t like you. She treated you like, well, like a child. And it was unfortunate that it seemed like it worked.
Ryoka had met people like the Earthworlders. Spoiled, rich children with too much power and wealth. They wanted for nothing except everything. She’d been one of them, in her way. It wasn’t everyone. Some people took wealth, even if they’d grown up in it, and still worked. But Ryoka thought those were the exceptions, rather than the rule. Money changed you. And there was a surfeit of money here that no one had earned.
Perhaps just as Magnolia had intended. Ryoka took a deep breath. She addressed Rose and the others.
“I’m not here to stay. I have a job. I am a City Runner, and I can’t stay.”
“But—why? At least let’s have some drinks. Do you live nearby?”
“I—not at all. I run around a lot.”
“You’re working?”
“Yes.”
“Why—”
“What did you come here for, then?”
Rose elbowed Joseph and looked at Ryoka. The City Runner nodded to herself. Time to make her pitch. She pointed at Troy’s laptop.
“I want to make a deal. I need your tablets, smartphones, computers—MP3 players, even—anything you’ve got. Every electronic. I’ll return it to you, I promise. But I need to borrow it. For two weeks. Tops.”
The Earthworlders stared at Ryoka. Then someone laughed incredulously.
“Are you kidding? No!”
They reflexively held onto their possessions. Ryoka understood, she really did. It was the last working thing from their world. So she dug at her money pouch.
“Here’s what I’ll pay you to borrow them.”
She put down stacks of gold coins onto the table, her entire fortune, almost. She saved twenty gold coins to sweeten the deal and to survive off of. She’d borrow from Fierre if need be, but Ryoka was making a gamble. She doubted Magnolia’s stipend was that high.
And she was right. The Earthworlder’s eyes went round at the sight of all the gold. Troy nearly reached for it.
“How did you earn all that?”
“I’m the Wind Runner. Look—I’ll borrow everything for two weeks. You can manage for two weeks, right? And I’ll bring it back.”
Two weeks was a good amount of time to reach the High Passes. Ryoka saw Bekia looking narrowly at her. Nerrissa grabbed Bekia’s arm and towed her back. The City Runner looked around.
“Well?”
Rose was blinking and shaking her head. She seemed taken aback by all of it. She looked around, and then at Ryoka.
“This is all so sudden. Can’t you explain things? Come on, sit down. Tell us everything. Why are you—”
“Ryoka Griffin! Step away from them, now!”
Bekia’s voice roared. Ryoka jerked backwards. The Gnoll charged forwards. She was suddenly growling, her hair standing up. She made one huge fist.
“Back away from them slowly. Hands behind your head!”
“What? What’s going—”
“Do it!”
The Gnoll had a battleaxe in one paw. She had her own bag of holding. Ryoka saw it cut the air—she froze, hands up.
“What’s going on? Bekia!”
Imani screamed as Nerrissa covered Ryoka with a crossbow. More staff flooded into the room, [Servants], [Maids]—Ryoka froze as Bekia advanced. The Gnoll was snarling.
“What did I do?”
The Gnoll stared at her.
“What did you do? You don’t smell like guilt. But Magnolia Reinhart, she sent an immediate warning. What did you do? Tell me now, or—”
