6.68
Page 4
“Dead gods. The Fool’s madness is spreading. His Majesty is the finest ruler Rhir has had in centuries generations, Laisa. And this ritual is no act of desperation or foolishness. It is a chance.”
He pointed back at her.
“You are only delaying the inevitable. Your fellow [Mages] will not leave Rhir.”
He nodded at the [Mages].
“Question High Magus Laisa under truth spell. If she refuses to answer—leave her in the care of an [Interrogator]. One will have arrived from the capital.”
“Yes, Lord Operland.”
They left. Lord Hayvon didn’t say anything more. He just watched the [Farmers] at work. In time, his eyes fell on the one with the scythe. An old man, well into his seventies. And yet, his body was hale. He cleared an entire field in minutes, his scythe clearing a far larger arc—nearly three times what the instrument should reach—with each swing.
“Him.”
“Lord?”
A [Servant] reacted to Lord Hayvon’s words. He pointed.
“That [Farmer] with the scythe. Inquire as to his health. His means. Let it be known that if he wishes it, he shall retire to the capital and live in comfort for the rest of his days. Or even further. He and his family will obtain passage to any city in the world, and they shall have gold for the rest of their days. I remember him as a boy. He has served Rhir for over five decades. If he wishes it, let him rest, in this continent or any other.”
“Yes, milord.”
The [Servant] paused as Lord Operland raised a hand. Hayvon looked at the old [Farmer].
“And if he wishes to stay—take his name. And all of my estates shall break for three days of feasting after the spring harvest in his honor. It is a time of plenty, after all.”
“Yes, Lord Operland.”
Lord Hayvon listened to the door close. Fifth best, yes. And all that entailed. His armies stretched beyond sight when he called them. His wealth was beyond mortal measure. He was one of the blades of the Blighted King. The fifth-most powerful [Lord] in the world.
“Flying is so easy. But wheat is terribly difficult to grow. Far easier to gather a hundred thousand men than feed them.”
It was a time of plenty. The fields of Operland were rich and bountiful. The [Lord] looked down on them. No plague of Vorepillars had struck them, no airborne attacks. No Demon raids—Rhir bloomed for once. And yet…he spoke softly.
 
“Let the harvests grow golden, 
And the fields burst with plenty,
Let the [Farmers] sharpen their scythes 
And the bellies of old and young grow fat.
Let the world rejoice and lie replete for a moment, 
And peace hang in the air,
But never let the war forges grow dark,
Or lay down the arms you bear. 
For this age is but passing, 
And peace remains a fleeting breeze, 
Stoking the embers of strife,
War ever beckons, and soon 
Smoke shall blot out the sun. 
And arrows fall in place of rain, while
Demons stalk out of Rhir’s blight. So be watchful;
Dark will come that night.”
 
He paused.
“It needs work.”
Lord Hayvon turned away as a [Servant] found the old [Farmer]. The [Lord] turned, and his gaze went north again. He stared towards the blight, the land of Demons. And then he turned. The children from another world awaited. And there was much left to do. But surely—he felt it in his breast.
Hope. Lord Hayvon murmured as he walked away.
“Someday soon, Rhir will know true peace.”
 
—-
 
